Haven't Been on this in a long time...miss Twitter!
m need company?!
Did the baseball season start in Japan? did anyone miss it? Yaaaaaaaawwwwwwwnnnnnnnnnnn
Excited to celebrate with all the graduating seniors today at Convocation! 10am at Felix!
Want to be a mentor providing financial advice on cars, savings, or budgets? If u know $-or know someone that does & want 2 help let us know
cause he's better than all of them...period.
The Paradox of Americans: Are we Indivdualists, Communitarians, or One in the Same?
Next time you point a finger, I'll point you to the mirror.
Why no tip jar on the counter, pharmacists of the world?
Finals facial hair begins today. My disgusting mustache will be in full bloom.
Good luck to George Karl and the #Nuggets tonight! Karl going for career 1000 wins!!
Not in the greatest mood<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Creating a great day so far. Hope you are, too!
Clothing donations are accepted every #Monday from 11~2pm in our boutique at “The Success Center” cc.
Happy 236th birthday #Marines! U don't look a day over awesome! Thx for doing what u do every day &looking mighty fine doing it
Success is inevitable if you do the right things long enough with the right intensity.
Ever play so much Tetris that you see Tetris pieces when you close your eyes?
Thank you soo much =D
Dr. Ferdinand Porsche, who designed the 911 died today. My next purchase in your honor good sir.
An incompetent attorney can delay a trial for months or years. A competent attorney can delay one even longer.
So much venom, but most people gravitate towards skill position players. None of those selected did not deserve it. Line play!
I'm switching to hot green tea, I'm realizing how very dehydrated I am too.
Must be a good looking crowd! RT : Spotting some mustaches in the room... Grow one for a good cause!
Scholarship donor thank-you notes and prepping some bequest documents...
Food truck Fridays!
Kerry Wood is still in the Majors? I'll be darn!
Smh boxing isnt the same no more.
Could Wind sound be recorded? We do not know yet. However, we are trying to do. As Sensations, ethereal, is so Magical; escapes even the art
Same here. I also see ones begging for a follow. I thought this was about being conversational, not constant tallies.
you would read that wrong.
ikr on my way out da door y u up so early
RT : Watching & live tweet abt #fringey stuff. Makes me excited for #fringey adventures!
any chance of a middle school health and physical education conference?
Watching some of these videos on Youtube! S/O for putting me on to him! #JustAintGonnaWorkOut is the truth!
and yes i know Lola is about a transvestite....which makes it the perfect name since my pup is half gremlin and looks like a cat.
The Chia Pet Obama is also reason #57 why I am addicted to skymall
learning my way around cision at my internship and loving it!
Ballroom Dance Company Grand Opening 10 buffet that was worth 30-40 dollars. The little balerinas(mid summer nights dream) Easter dress
Wow that's quite the quake in DC...preliminary 5.8.
Our head of technology has tripled our business over 6 months. He is our biggest asset.
Poppy: "What's a horror movie?" Me: "It's a really scary movie where a bad guy is trying to kill people."
fuck yeah, knew you would be. tix go on sale regular ol ordinary day may 4th;) $25
hahahaha omg you're becoming a woman!
Nice. Me too. I did so many shrooms and smoked a fuck ton of purp.
RT : I'm pretty certain Jay Z thinks that David Guetta invented dance music w/ Deadmau5 in 2008, between bouts of Cristal + crack.
Are you paying too much in property #taxes? www.mdtaxappeals.com
Playing at timeout tonight 8-11! Big John has a new effect on his guitar that might just melt your face off! Hope to see you there!
NICE! I'll shout out in the 6 o'clock hour!
Growing a playoff beard!
NOTE: "Evolution in Investment Treaty Law and Arbitration" edited by Chester Brown and Kate Miles becomes available in December 2011.
JUST FINALLY GOT OUT OF THE U of H PARKING LOT. Now a 45 minute drive home. Lord help. It's gonna be like one o'clock when I get to bed.
g00d morning RT Tears will get you sympathy. Sweat will get you results. >> true that!!
RT : Follow us on Instagram at ConnectMeetings for a behind-the-scenes look over the next couple days!
Thanks same same :)
it's the coffee maker that justifies it. Totally about the freeze-dried coffee.
Ouch! RT : Worship music is such a good value right now... You only have to Buy 1 cd to hear what everyone sounds like
There's always a strange feeling when you set all of your out of office messages for a 2 week absence
haha well then - guess i should be on these panels! ... getting there some day
thanx u guys us r very nice ;)
it's mostly (Fictitious character) headings -- finally cataloging our hidden collection of comics
Strawberries in my salad today!! Total surprise treat - thanks lovie! , you pack the best lunches!
Thanks for that! Can we give them a collective smack upside the head? PS thanks for your work. (I tweeted w/Cargill once. Jerks.)
I love driving 30 min to a shit hole account, just for them to tell me "We're good this week" I say "Time to lock your doors"
follow for me please!!
Hate when I sit down and realize my phone is across the room
Welcome to 1Direction Academy! I'm your dance teacher Mr.Horan! Today we will learn how to dance the irish jig while dressed as a potatoe!
Pulling for Mark Valeski and Rousing Sermon in
If going means I get to hang out with I am there in a heartbeat.
Let's go crabs!
WAY to go Green!!!! Well deserved championship #Packers!!
Happiness = my 2-yr-old niece figuring out how to call from my sis's iPhone and leave me a msg. this a.m. saying "Hi, Uncle Chris"
Thank you for all the Happy Birthday wishes my friends.
RT : good evening to you yes its 3am my side...hru doing.... Lol.. #You might want to get some rest Ma'am
Peter Diamandis talk is incredible.
RIP Levon Helm
My mom just yelled at me because I said I never remembered signing up to be drafted into the service. We checked. And I did do it. Hahaha
Farms? Mtns? Migrant camps? RT Did U Know … Approximately 278,800 of Kern County’s population live in Hard to Count Areas.
Round two of shopping went pretty good. ^.^
Do u ever hope ur indoor plant doesnt grow to its full potential so it doesnt have to be replanted outside and leave u
you are seriously hysterical
We just hit 52k on , all downhill from here!
like me! in the bathroom at that club!
After Saying He Never Drove A Ferrari, Bo Xilai&#39;s Son Reportedly Got 3 Tickets While Driving A Porsche
what are you doing today ?
Perfect movie night...by myself. #morepopcornforme :)
Me: "What was that sound?" 5 yr old: "A thump." Me: "What from?" 5 yr old: "I accidentally fell out of bed."
Don't wait for a director to tell you anything. He doesn't have time.
Only 1 hour until the autograph signing with Morgan Pressel! Come on over to the Merchandise Pavilion to meet Morgan!
RT "Practice as if you are the worst, but play as if you are the best."
Am not~ I'm a blast in a glass!
Lakers winning. Too many of yall niggas been hating on my squad
Well maybe from his pocket book and accountant but he'd be a happy bunny! XD
Aqua fit people are funny. They bring more shit for 1 hour then I pack for a weeks vacation
its so fun to pick the outfits(:
'' Stop playinq wit me man before i knock yah ass out '' lmaao
but always get a second opinion. ;)
Since I started working my booty call list has shortened!!!!!! WTF Lmaol
i just need a live code please
My bf already knew about WolframAlpha! & you can have conversations with it! Try typing in "Hi, how are you?" Too funny.
Always my pleasure, "sistah." Hope you're having a grt weekend. Extended b'day celebrations? ;)
I'm fairly certain that the president has regular (weekly?) chats with fans on the official website.
Game design seems interesting.
No worries :) Thanks for doing the happy dance with us!
Glad you liked the tips! Thanks for the tweet!
“How do you talk about Michael Jackson except that you mention Prince Screws?’’ John Jeremiah Sullivan's PULPHEAD. Enjoying it.
i was down there tonight too harvey ! ate dinner at the old fashioned !
Spending the day with Central Exchange #Leadership Lyceum. Inspired by author Morton Hansen insights. Recommend his book Great by Choice
Had a great yoga class in the evening. amazing :) First time practicing 2 hours of yoga and 1 hour of walking everyday
Just waved at some hitchhikers in SLO because I knew them.
Hope is the dream of a man awake.
mean you can come through if you want....
Can't wait to see the bears romp all over green bay!
To whoever made the crockpot: I love you! I love you! I love you!
"what I need from you is understanding" rings in my head. What I need is a divine change.
I LOVE
Your'e welcome Another great resource: The Flavor Bible—my go to when I need a creative jolt!
Also love this Target commercial with this young girl belting out #adele!
WHITE GUY: Why are asprins White?.... BLACK GUY: Shidd Iono why!.... WHITE GUY: Asprins r White because they WORK lol .....BLACK GUY: -__-
lmao yeah doctors say they never seen as ass so small
yeah right, u NEVER tell me anything
Justice for #Trayvon. , please RT. Rally this Saturday at Freedom Plaza NW #DC 2-4pm. Wear a hoodie or all black.
Hey... we practiced.
Long Monday at the office? Come relax at Petterino’s with our #tasty small plates and enjoy our “Monday Night Live” entertainment!
Watching MNF on TV, NU basketball on the iPad and getting UConn updates on my phone...oh technology.
A woman just walked by me wearing red boots, a red coat, and black everything else. Why don't I carry an engagement ring around with me?
Hey man you a beast. i love your beats!!!
Made it thru 9 minutes of the Fox 25th Anniversary Special. Can anyone beat 9 minutes?
So, I know I've been on twitter for years, but how do I RT something WITH a comment? I can do it on my mobile version, but not on the pc?
nothing why
patrick & melvyn are missing?
RT : Bball teams often take on personality of their coach. Guess safe to say Erik Spoelstra suffers from erectile dysfunction.
I know right
Happy Monday! What a lovely day outside here in LA
I'm now at the age where I go to hip concerts, and I just think to myself every time "this is the last one I swear"
*cracking the fuck up* .... im disappointed.
RT: Giving head massages your jaw muscles while burning 32 body fat calories.
"He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough." Lao Tzu
when people lie..
Happy Birthday to my fellow Marines
"Comparison kills." - Chris Guillebeau, The Art of Non-Conformity
Misplaced the city of Atlantis
thought you were talking about something totally different. I'll be at the office during the day, but surely I'll be around.
WORD SCRAMBLE WEDS: This E! Network host announced today that he will be on NBC’s primetime Olympic broadcasts. RESNCSAARYET
tonight to celebrate moving on to new adventures followed by Titanic 3D. Yes.
why the fuck am i so damn tired ...
It's by choice,love the city, cubs/bears not so much. “: are you in Chicago voluntarily or are you being held hostage?
we need to be more than words
8. Take time to laugh and appreciate the little things. Happiness and positivity correlates with a happy heart.
So, how guilty should I be feeling if I ate an entire avocado?
#AIMSTech12 you video to tell learning stories, not just to share your "final product."
Celts is a very ugly, sloppy game, but i'll take the WIN
Hey Steve! I tried to respond back to you but I think you need to follow me for me to reply.
We definitely love
I loved the article and I look forward to reading your book. Many blessings & continued success
thank you! i am but the messenger, might you mail to work out details?
No, this was at work! He was cute.
I don't know whether to get one or two
Happy birthday Free bitches anywhere in the state of Florida today.
yes exactly<3
the dreamers need the realist 2 keep them from flying 2 close 2 the sun and the realist without the dreamers they cant get off the ground
Might you like to join us May 5/6 for our annual Spring Plant Sale? 400-500 ppl. Pls dm if interested!
Fabulous holiday weekend. Back to work - but every day is a holiday when you enjoy what you are doing! Started the day with fast 6 mile run.
Hello sunshine! Let's spring forward together.
yep, I cried when he followed me! :P <3
looks like you are having a great start to the Vegas pool season
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!! I love u :)
no need for him to do that...
This ones for all the people I've met in my life. I wish you all prosperity and good fortune.
Come & put ya name on it (;
amazing week in WWE live event so fun! :)
My boyfriend has a Casey Anthony updates app. That is all.
THIS. “: If you want it bad enough then you'll put in the work.”
#cil11 Lost my wifi connection. Any tips for track B?
A1: What is entitled behavior?
82% on rotten tomatoes? Really?? Am I the only one who noticed the hundreds of plot holes and the dangerous/mean-spirited message?
Bloody snot rockets... #awkward things talked about at Sagebrush worship rehearsal.
I realize that many of Rihanna's songs have some salacious double meaning, but I can't find one in "Umbrella." , please help.
Great, as always, talking to you, too! See you soon. :)
as a Preds comm/PR intern, thanks for the kind words haha. And thanks for all of the Radulov updates as well... great coverage
at the FLF office today...then prayer service tonight @ 6pm.
oh yeah thats amazing, love they have an SDK too. Though the control feature will not work in app unless Apple and others integrate.
this basement becoming what its not
Dear god. mr bensinger please come back.
Thx for the RT! Have a good night!
Just me. What are you thinking?
what's up with plone.api? can we start implementing it?
last night was so awesome. my fav yet. thanks to all who came out. a wrap-up blog post coming soon.
Merkel/Sarkozy again proved that no news is good news - or that if need be, Europe will go down talking. Help for your blood pressure anyway
This whole weekend im going brittish with :)
Officially going to crc!!
I'd rather just get a shoutout
This past week we gave a free to Heather, a fan who "Liked" us on Facebook! More to come!
Recognizing what we intially feel, acknowledging the feelings, allowing them to inform us, and then move through us brings emotional health.
omfg i remember i had a facebook page dedicated to justin. i had 2. one had 13,000+ and the other had 2,600. i barely go on it now.
your site was the only one I needed in my search for a new home. Great site!
Man oh man... RT : UNITED, TOP OF THE LEAGUE! (for now) ;)
Enjoying your evening?
April is going to be fabulous month in SD! Calendar (pg 22 of new issue) is full of ideas including
...and a really small number of superstars accounts for most of the success in any field. #TheAvengersHypothesis?
Glee shot itself in the foot...I don't care what Fox says.
Your Wii Avatar is so beautiful! He looks like Robert Pattison!
side to side body roll side to side body roll
Is getting back to work!!!
Did you know that Sealogix Fish Oil helps Dry Eye Syndrome? That's one of the many reasons I take it!
she saves your sweet messages and reads them again when she miss you..
86 nyg playoffs scored 105 and only gave up 23 beat sf, wash and Denver
sorry um half asleep.
hey ace, I seen you tweet your looking for producers, I produce beats, may I send you a link to my site?
whatever, it'll be a travesty if that never happens.
Skipping school to get ice cream with best friend
RT RT ": Idk if I like being called short and cocky" ---oh but you are!! Lmao
that pic looks so good WHY did I ever leave?
One that I remember under 15 sec. I think he missed bc he was trying to draw a foul too
nobody wants to hear this but sometimes the person you want the most is the person you're best without <U+2764>
i need to meet justin and however i meet him i better have enough time to explain to him how much i love him and to thank him for everything
RIP Maurice Sendak. Time to play the "Really Rosie" album on repeat, and console myself with Chicken Soup with Rice.
I hate it when someone turns the lights on while I'm asleep, and I'm all like (°_-)
Kate Gentile: "Babies as fetish objects for a traumatized cultural body" Thursday, 12/1, 12-2PM Graduate Center Room 6112. Free lunch!
Adam staring ftw. RT : Watch Doctor Who, stare at pictures of Adam Lambert, or write the great American scifi novel...hm
If ejaculation is delayed in all situations, in all sexual activities and with all partners, the disorder is “generalized.”
To cold to go out today, go to my web-site www.community-mortgage.com
Watching New York Minute<U+2665>
You're hot as hell ^_^
dude ttyt am going to sleep
Got to love these NBA playoffs
Let's go boys!
the newest killshot created yesterday blacked Jacob out and made another dude vomit I may have come up w perfection
you are so stupid Katherine. Text me.
Dr Bart has updated his blog on Mediclim discussing the numerous advantages of the Mediclim weather health alerting system and how we help
Congrats and thanks to for using soundibite including "mishegoss" in this morning's report.
I am getting obliterated by lol. I expected it to at least be competitive.
The person who doesn't make mistakes, is unlikely to make anything.
So finna listen to my ipod
Baha well then... Well Wat happen about explaining a bj to a girl
#HatersMotivation less than a month away
I'd say this is pretty much paying my dues.
RT Porcello just not pitching well tonight. End of story. He is throwing not pitching
Fun! Also great: "Holiday" w Kate and Cary.
My husband really spoils the shit out of me. I'm not sure I deserve someone this amazing, but I'm hanging on for dear life. #sappytweet <U+E022>
im not :3
WHAT I LEARNED IN BOATING SCHOOL IS.....!!!!!!!
I see how it is
I must be the only person in the world that can get confused between 7.10am and 7.30am! #TwentyMinutesLessInBed!
Jamocha shake! m
You have to do your own growing no matter how tall your grandfather was. Abraham Lincoln
They did an advance preview of the pilot last night 12/11. Series starts airing late January.
still gets the residue off
#FALCONS looking really Good today... #DirtyBirds 4life
<U+270B> yeah yeah.
If I get fucking stuck in Minneapolis...
Second Annual iSchool UW Research Fair on December 1 at 7 p.m. at the UW Burke Museum, hashtag: :
Agencies sell hours, soft companies sell products... Isn't a core issue how they work...
What's up with this twitter to capacity thing anyway? Can they improve?
Thanks so much to for the birthday wishes!
This Direct TV commercial cracks me up every time.
sounds about rite to me
A successful program on Sunday with Ba Luvmour on Boundaries with children - were you there, what did you think?
Woods to use Greenbier us Open tune-up Tiger Woods will play for the first time at the $6.1 million US PGA Greenbrier Classic as a July t
Anybodys birthday today:D tell me iwould like to know and i wish youa happy birthday:)
thanx for your concern for Human rights in #Nigeria and
Shouldn't any review point out that you were so sure of ineffectiveness of gov't polcy that you'd have time to write a book?
OU bound tonight to see my love.
I am not pretty. I am not beautiful. I am as radiant as the sun. Know why? Because I'm wearing a bright orange shirt with red&yellow. XD
Awesome!! RT : just registered for my first 2 of 9 NYRR races to qualify for the 2013 #nycmarathon!
The chairs for DDH are equally uncomfortable for all. You coming?
party at the block tomorrow. You in?
Another beautiful Wisconsin day! Hope everyone is enjoying it!
listening to recite an episode of 30 Rock word for word. loving every minute of it.
Love being woken up past midnight by teen looking for a headband.
In the words of Miranda Priestly: "My flight has been canceled. It's some absurd weather problem." Thanks for nothing Irene.
the girl explaining or tay?
Doh! I thought we weren't friends on here anymore...glad I was wrong!!!
sorry. It's not perfection if I'm not there....with bacon.
D-Rose droppin the double Brett Favre tonight
This game is horrendous
My eardrums are bleeding shit was so loud lol
please follow me back <33333333
Haha exactly. Totally different.
Lost again tonight... About to half-ass this project so I can get some sleep. Hopefully tomorrow will be a good day.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no.
near what area of San Antonio?
Where's a good place to get an oil change?
YEAH. Advance purchase problem
Your very cute (:
no problem-we're all about aesthetic objectification! :)
is there anyway to un-update the software on my DVR? Hating the new interface!
I do
What about those ones that cost $$$ to convince people of things that are blatantly common crap?
Checking disks... :( almost there.
where is your favorite brisket in Sacramento?
He's not even arrested, because a 17 yr old, unarmed, 140lb "BOY's" life has no value in your eyes. His life means zip to you.
New Years Eve 2009 at PRIVE hosted by the December 2008 Misses *PLAYBOY PLAYMATES* JENNIFER & NATALIE the CAMPBELL Twins.
And no bullshit that will get me killed, either
Luke my dog is telling me to let him out>>>Guessing that to go out<<<<!
Just got my Tom's shoes today - love them! “: Start Something that Matt
So the was last night. Do you watch ? Were you there last night?
LETS GO RONDO! LETS GO McGRADY!
*sees birthday tweets* *logs off Twitter*
Good morning Twietnam...
Typing in high heels today. Trying to stretch out an older pair.
Part of problem is UT somehow allowed athletics to "own" the longhorn logo, etc., so most money for merch goes to athletics.
"Congratulations! Heard U are now the hardest working trainer in the ATL. Will call U tonight." ~ Solomon
RT signing the lease today, expect to open in a week!!!!!!
Thanks Alexander! Appreciate your help in spreading the word.
right not "nigga" he calls him "nigger", talkin bout droppin his own granddaughter off at the firestation, name her "spot"
The German Embassy is promoted Twitter account? Are they still doing PR damage control for that WWII thing?
Corridos, banda, tequila...I'm a happy girl!
She's hurt, mentally an emotionally. But everyday, she walks with a smile 'cause that's who she is: The girl who never stops smiling.
Happy first at of work !! Knock em dead!
I miss flash mob guy......um...not really.....lol.
Self importance is important on a certain level, but self Bozo the Clown important on all levels
Happy new year twitter world!!
Obviously this argument stems around all 3 being healthy. Sid and Geno are pretty much equal. Staal far better than both on D.
RT : And as we march into the #99Spring we will do it together and we will win. We are the 99%.
& edge in the same ring?? Omg, that is one ring full of hottness right there! :D
Now in progress.....1st grilling of 2012. Doesn't matter that its only burgers.
quit messin' around and get a Droid, son.
i wash it so much its fading lol whens my pinup girl photoshoot lol
Exactly! Just like I wouldn't want to be judged for food my parents gave me to eat when I was 7-10 years old!
I miss
Guys if you're thinking about making a custom playlist for that special lady here's a tip. DONT
OR: OLCC announces $20 million increase of liquor sales in 2011 raising total to $448.8 million in sales in 2011 - 4.5% more than in 2010.
cookib mom her bday dinner. jumbo shrimp scampi, rice pilafe an fries!
issue w/ USC has been fixed. Auburn is good argument but that 1-time aberration taught teams importance of....
You are an amazing woman , I love the energy you have on your videos .
Flux Capacitor?
On February 14, I walk outside of the house of Austin to get his attention
I'm pretty sure I bombed that Vu Test... Oh well what else is new? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
If anyone wants to come pick me up from the school & take me home.. go right ahead.
damn she need to call me
I love Charlie Rose, but in the morning? It's like Matt Lauer doing late night. Not natural.
Thanks for the RT :)
woo hoo! :) it's hard when family is apart
great turn as Mitzi on Modern Fam !
what's ya email?
Followed :D
i wa finna ask you a question but neva mind
Okay it is back to work but the fun lasted a good while! #Fiesta San Antonio is always a birthday cake a Mi Tierra! #NIOSA #KingWilliam home
Hockey announcer: "That goalie is going to get a sunburn on the back of his neck from that red lamp going off so much."
Good so far. A little smokey up front and sweet in the finish RT How does everybody (who got the beer) like it #beerclub?
Sparkling bacon? Sign me up!
be sure to also check my imdb and adult friend finder profiles.
Giving away Jim Gaffigan tickets around 3:54pm on The Zone @ 94.1 better tune in.
Our July training class is wrapping up today! They're a great group from diverse backgrounds all eager to speak up for Bmore's foster kids!
Watching sing & play the piano on WOW he's #Talented!
Maybe the B is for Benigno.
The Taylormade rocket balls.
yeah, pretty good one.
love is a strong 4 letter word...
The only good thing about this absolutely uninvited cold weather is that it's a great excuse to go shopping
Can't wait to share with you all my new favorite hair item!!!
So souped to see everyone. and taylor donnelly (sorry I can't remember the name of ur twitter donnelly lmaoooooo)
i love MYtuva Brown
Let the vacation begin!
72º F (22ºC) going up to 87º F (31ºC) today in Houston, TX
Farming fish: Hamilton couple continues operation of Bitterroot Fish Hatchery
that would explain a lot
Talking to my buddy Mark in California on ooVoo
I don't think I've ever seen anything quite like this "Flyers west" fad. I hope I never do again!
A perfect night for the theatre with for #QueenoftheMist Excited to check out this new theatre too!
come be my friend on facebook at
Let's go madrid!
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
That was the Dumbest #Punkd episode ever.... it wasnt even funny
Hi! sup?
Thursday night is movie night! Come down & keep warm inside with a movie on Van Gogh and a hot toddy!
We kinda feel the same, there is a lot of hype around this IPO.
Host at a show intros me as th "Headliner" (Not quite there yet dude) Then tells the audience how we do a lot of open mics together
lol dnt call me slow again
Everyone in San Diego has to watch South Park tonight. Seriously. Do it.
will u go get me some ice cream?
Sipping on a couple of heineken and watching Jason Friday the 13th RNS I'm scared as hell lmao
Ian MacKaye: "A record that does not get listened to is a piece of trash." what about all those studio #phish records ?
I absolutely love her. & that song.
I couldn't find anything you suggested, so I went for Bass Ackwards, i looked it up after and it was a zero budget sun dance film
I love when I choose a wine randomly and the server tells me I've made an excellent choice.
Great morning class today! Lots of energy!
good job
Couldnt have said it better myself RT : If you dont know how to be in a relationship dont be in one
Haha oh don't worry...I vetoed that real fast
Daylight savings time - you are no friend of mine. Hope I'm leaving for church on time.
Iknow I Still Got That Paper You Made Me In 5"th Grade **
That's so cool! Thanks for letting me know!! :)
Writing new music is a blast! We think you're going to like the new stuff.
Singers wanted for a FREE industry showcase (Tuesday, May 22). There are cash prizes & industry judges! For details call 347 249 9441-
Just dug through a garbage bag of taco wrappers trying to find the batteries I bought for my vibrator. I've reached a new low point, guys.
It's no point in arguing with dumbasses who THINK they know about basketball.
boy its under control I got it done
thank you mr morcelle! I'm excited. I'll be cooking in a restaurant down there!
haha thanks. it was really awesome! :)
RT : Well hello Friday, so good to see you again so soon!
well isn't she lovely! YES for this avi! Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>™
Certainly got a lot of attention tonight at the #AcademyAwards. Long live the King of playing hooky ;-)
I took so many tests yesterday and I still have weekend homework crap! :(
ah worlds colliding!
thank you!
what about rinsanity?
Yo yall seen that vid of will smith pimp slappin buddy who tried givin him tongue??? Come on now
The beach is beautiful...love it!!!!!!
Getting ready for F.A.M.E.!!!
it is raining...party time?
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.
what's a fax machine? ;)
at Yandiola one of the best places in Bilbao to have a great dinner with friends
Lastly you'll see: me, be 3 by 3 firing these things called TNT.***** lol
You're Welcome hun <U+2665>
well I was just on it tonight and there are indeed some
I have found god - he is good, gracious, and very funny - - he is MY kind of god!
Whenever an awkward pause occurs in conversation, ask, "How about that 2Pac hologram?" Instant results!
RT : The media has paid little to no attention to both Clemens & the #NHL CBA set to expire on 9/15. Now
love on top - beyonce
is the hey song gonna make a comeback?
Orthodoxy means not thinking - not needing to think
Springsteen amazing as ever. Can't wait to see him in Philly next month.
Success - Impatience never commanded success.
A good number of attendees are already hear talking, gaming, and designing. Come by and join us! (Tawes 1100) #THATCamp Games
follow back please please please?:)
RT : Sometimes sleep is the best medicine
#saascon Data security, data privacy, data locations will be key considerations for creating an effective GRC framework.
haha I would love that! But I can't :(
okay haha your funny u dont even no half the stuff we have gone threw an done for justin but okay bye now
Anyone out in DC tonight? Whats looking good?
Ikr! I Made That Picture!
Physically drained *yawn* took the kiddos to the park for some UV rays. Now back to my studies b4
I agree with you. It is amazing how many shots UL forces the opponent to miss. I would like to see UL in the FF.
thanks you for the rt! And Happy #LATISM day!!
be at Hayes crib bout 5
with out him the jets did not make the playoffs with him on the jets they could be 11-5 they have to get him back he got the swagg
I want to put a ding in the universe. Steve Jobs
. And no mention of Ann Rommey's $1000 t-shirt?
Love having to go all the way into the office just to get the power cord for my computer so that I can work from home. -sigh-
what's on my mind today: pancakes. I keep misreading words that star with P as pancakes. Making for a delicious (but disappointing) morning
I bet it wasn't Monica.
Headed to #hawks game tomorrow? Join us for brunch at 10am, then take free ride zone bus down 1st ave (at Bell!)
Were all gravy! Hats off to you! One of the best group projects ever!!
Just picked up my new Trek Superfly. Thanks Shawn T. and Blue Ridge Cyclery!
Different kinda money makes different kinda moves
We have 1 XL left in each tee design. Dont sleep on them, because these designs will not be reprinted again!
I didn't know you were a derby dame! Else, I would have asked for your opinion on my name
ONE HOUR form LIVE "SINGLE CHEF" show in the room live. Log on at www.theroomlive.com Yum yum Delicious Salmon, in w/ wine, lemon, cream.
I don't just say I'm done with someone and not mean it. Gosh I'm so annoyed >.>
haha cute! Loving that glass!!! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
tony romo hardly makes the top 10 is say he's either the 10th best or 11th.
My new favorite tweet: Shitmydadsays!
That's #awesome guys!!
i lasted about 20 secs too. & resent that i'll never get them back. since its for charity, i won't mock, tho won't listen either.
thinkin out loud girl u gt my head in the clouds body so sweet it kills me to see u let this fake nigga hurt u alwaz see me u kno hw i feel
Deputies wait as faith healing couple embrace and cry
I can't believe its not butter. Really, I can't.
finally a minute to myself!
I ordered a quad espresso at starbucks and the cashier says "trying to stay woke?"
I did have a great day. Got a haircut & color this afternoon. You? :)
Bobby D sounds nice rite about now
Coffee, in bed,
“ #SeeRed #PHIvsCHI RT : Game 2, we need you all tonight. See you at the ”
Watching it as well...yeah, right....my kids love it too!!!
#whats your favorite music video?
Hawt Intern is wearing a suit and tie. I'm at my desk, that should be sufficient.
she doesn't
. " welcome to twitter bro!"
maybe later xD
If I follow one more person on twitter it is going to start a conga line
This is NicksGirlYoYoxD i'm on Tweet Limit so DM me from their :)ILYShawty<3
if I could I would. And there I just quoted phish for the first time since 15.
Ha! Lotto tixs and horseback lessons. And donuts, of course. Meet up next wk? and , you in too?
I be trying 2 follow myself lol
so exciting! how did you guys meet?
Who needs the spa! We have plenty of mud! Sign up today @ www.swampdash.com
Harrow: Gymnasiad imitates style of Dunciad, but not its satire. Earnest heroics in mock dress!
im telling yuu better do that
love you guys <3 don't ever lose that picture troy!
RT Lois not only was at Ollie and Dinah's wedding AND Dinah's bachelorette party.. but she was also at Sue's funeral...
Ryan, Y U NO tell will he is asking stupid questions also.
this open lunch with groovy peeps?
Time to make a QR code for the window. Scan it.
will u summarize best twitter archiving tools?
Thanks for the follow back <3 !!
I got my la cap on!
also, i have not watched any of these shows.
Activity Theory- fresh look at old phenomena, look 4 contradictions, & seek solutions
text me .
RT : You don’t love a woman because she is beautiful, but she is beautiful because you love her.
I'm gonna smile,laugh, and love and pretend that your not hurting me </3
oh yea prove it lol
FLETCHER RULES! He has the best plans for everything. How could you not want this guy leading our city??
cops out like its the end of the month
This week we're sponsoring the and thank all our surviving freedom fighters for all that they have done for us this 2011 year
I love bathroom acoustics!
...did he just say "he making Eddie Long decisions"???...
saw #newlyweds at the SAP event last night and it was fantastic, keep up the good work
How the hell did i lose that!?!?!?
Tired before a Tribute concert to Elton John...shit! #BackstageTweet sugar free red bull time xD
dont ever search 'teen' in the search on tumblr. just don't.
haha, I can see that! Im just excited for the new web interface!
RT : WOW! You're hot! At night... Miles away..... Behind a wall...... ln a cave...... Deep underground..... To a blind person.
he had another concert the next day I guess. Haha
You would love India (re: squatting men)!
Trying out longwear lip color. Here we go...
That would be training with Ray Lewis who lives 40 mins away.
not bad, I'll keep that in mind for next time
Thanks! I'm old!
I believe it's "out of you and me" -ass-u-me haha love that one :D
Look, it's hot, you're sweaty & stinky. Fanning yourself might cool YOU off, but we're all gonna die from your funk. Please stop. Thx
Nussbaum speaking on "Gender and the New Religious Intolerance" now
Yea, and I'm saying the 16 yo girls that changed their name to Slutty Marie McSlut-Whore are naming their children that too.
awh thank you! you're so sweet! Have a grandetastic day to you too! xo<U+2665>
I agree
lol maybe on a double date, otherwise hubby'd have somethin to say about it hehe :)
check out the website for upcoming news and gigs
Thanks, Michele, for the follow!
not as long as you provide a way of opting out of your syllabus monopoly. orphan syllabi can be very lucrative, you know.
Hey Pey you reached 80k!! Please do another #AskPeytonList :D For your amazing fans <3
WORSHIP/TRIBUTE
After the tear that has been on, he's gonna eat Lin's lunch if Melo doesn't play and he guards Lin. Hand down, Lin Down
Westbrook and durant won't b doin none of that vs the Spurs.
Its times like this when I really wish I could drive.
According to the House rules, all the Blkberrying Repubs need to be reprimanded
“: I hate this feelings. Where's the wine at?” , reminded me of us haha miss you
Last night was epic......
Awesome!! Lucky you. So again, details please?? :D
#bookaday THIS PLUS THAT - LIFE'S LITTLE EQUATIONS by Amy Krouse Rosenthal
a laker win could make your night holy hell
i have absolutely no motivation to do this damn work
gotta come to the D
Twitters: can you freeze meat after it's been brined? mixed answers on the internets. hrm or i'll just cook slabs of meat tonight, why not
True story. GO RAMS!
I miss you more!!
You know you're really bored when you just get a random lip piercing only to take it off a week later lol
Still have a pit in my stomach after watching last night's OT loss in Phoenix. We should've won. I expect payback in Game 2.
Looks like we have our first no show at the studio!
: Remember us from Vidcon? We're trying to get a hold of you! Can you DM us so we can chat about a project?
It's getting to be that time to be reborn into a zombie
hey ugly imy
BreakingNews: US consumer credit surged 8.6% in January, 2nd largest gain since 2004; borrowing indicates growing confidence in economy ...
If you ever need anything please don't hesitate to ask someone else first. - Kurt Cobain
Murray - equates cloud with infrastructure; web scale exs google, FB aggregated data and community supported by infrastructure
Damn just heard that Tuscaloosa is the home of some of the best bar-b-que in the US. Definitely gotta go to Dreamland BBQ.
Looking forward to my mtg with #audio pioneers at Congrats on selection as semi-finalist for
Oh crap, I've discovered #gypsywedding on TLC. Pretty fascinating from a cultural anthropology standpoint!
lol! Yes... People think I'm older but nope 14 yrs old. Not ready to grow fast. I enjoy life and taking it right.
USA PokerStars loyalists feeling the doom and gloom of something out of Charles Dickens.
Whoever say "moss" is cool
for not having a tag?
an entirely new roster, coach, GM and owner?
2012 is bringing something new very soon
Sometimes you have to forget how you feel and remember what you deserve.
Just got home from the set of the Five Year Engagement. She works hhaarrrddd for the money
and leave together on bikes to buy cookies.
Thanks for the follow!
Nice. RT : Gruden didn't like our pick... makes me feel even better about it! Jerel Worthy is a Packer!
“: cat : meow me : meow? cat : meow meow me : holy crap. i speak cat.”
Ha! Yea, Orchard Ridge is a bit less menacing.
If they hear it, and accept it, then Muslims will be set free from the condemnation of false worship of a false god.
Aye guey.. Tonight I'm going to bust my balls.
havent played that in a couple of months haha
Wow, that sounds like fun. I'm envious!
Man I come up with a play then I run it.. My playbook is cold
you're a dirty girl.
Crazy fuck republitards. We don't need no clean air or water. We can live on the moon! Yeah! You guys are fit to lead. NOT!
Now the question becomes, "will I ever have a follower?"
we will be back in sac by 5 :)
oh shit!!! It's going down right now!
So sad I won't see tonight but you'll be here in spirit!
Awesome! #RogerFederer the Great 1 is the Champion :) we luv Roger! take care :) see u in Miami
ROFL! RT : Mon's can be brutal, but this NBA Code of Conduct video will put your Mon into perspective! Watch
I assume you plan to leave at least one behind.
What's the weather look like this weekend? You'll find out at 9AM
the charred fajita steak, onions and peppers are mixing with the cheese in this burrito, causing an explosion of flavor. So good
Time flies, but remember: You are the pilot.
its an 80s cracked out Tiger sorta day.
hope you are able to get some rest. I can't image what you must be feeling right now.
but they all get better after June 10th
Watching #Ringer. Aww don't cry! You're the only person keeping my attention in this episode.
FDA update on investigation of the outbreak of Salmonella ...
You can't just watch one interview. It's not possible.
For years I thought Maven was a pain and I didn't understand it's utility. Now I kinda get it. You can teach old dogs new tricks.
Wow, I am all over the place today. Forgot to do my eyebrows and put earring and shave. Ew I feel so gross and incomplete lol. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Cute! Is that a sock bun?
How people treat you is there Karma; How you react is yours.
have them at least make you a balloon animal first
I don't worry about a trend I just do me/ u don't like it so what homie sue me/
#np she lives in my lap, Andre 3000 is hard as fuck.
Thoughts are with those at Chardon HS who lost a friend, a classmate and a family member today.
a great track and good pizza - what more is there?
you sounded so depressed on the phone :(
thanks for following us xoxo
Going to VizTalk at 6p at TechRanch Austin...Jeff Brantley is leading Innovation Games.
I'm done now clowing. Tripping on FB now. SOMEBODY FLOSSES WITH A JUMP ROPE! I'm just saying I love you. Teamlightskin!
Gettin ready for my tatt!!! So stoked been waiting for this for 11yrs!!!
Mayor Boles now talking about the possibility of having Ken Burns come and temping him to do #staug series. Doesn't hurt to dream;)
#Scandal is the kind of fantasy land where a moderate Republican is president.
Georgia Tech makes 24 of 25 free throws in beating Oklahoma State. How did that happen?
PLEASE Get Me That Ipod, I Loved Since Day one.
RT Happy Father'Day. To all the dads Happy Fathers Day to you too D.W! Miss ya on Sunday's my man.
Hurrah! We're members of ! Three cheers for the Denver craft community! #LetsBeFriends!
promo shoot tomorrow. exciting. living the dream.
Never take anyone for granted, because life is so fragile and at any moment they can be taken away.
Why are the cashiers so fuckin' chatty at World Market?!
Fiction: every day.
Dj Andrew & DJ Automatic Elevated Wednesday's!!! Time to dance and party w Mc Dru & dj Aaron playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music!!
I have a whole bag
are there any general #archaeology listservs or communities that exist? doesn't seem as well-publicized as DH
Lol ": I felt like 'Q' from Juice."
we have to hold a higher standard.
link doesn't work
I just wanna work and fuck. Like George Clooney :)
So maybe it's Irish/German/Nebraskian/New Yorkian?
I know, right! Of course, I'm kind of spoiled by DC where more museums are free than not.
Stopped by O'Donovans for the Neighborhood Boys and Girls Club fundraiser. Come by and support this great 47th Ward org!
Super Bored but so much to do!
Can fat people go skinny dipping?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><U+2755><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008A>
I got them from the packers fans tour, I did the full works night away meet the players tailgate etc
I'm obsessed with #Sharpie pens!
Have fun!! I'm jealous you get to leave this awful "spring" weather behind.
deportation of 16 yr. old turns out to be a hoax... more info tonight on Univision San Diego at 6
Camille, simple, hearty, joyous, and affectionate
I miss you :(
why is it that when guys like you they are mean to you ? -.-t
Please spare the lecture. Molina got 5 games last year and he actually SPIT on the umpire. This was accidental at best.
We dont just blow bubbles, we blow bubbles with kittens inside them.
It's been a long day, gnite z....
COME WITH ME I BOUGHT MY VIP THING ALREADY
she likes the golden boy from caged
Cool, so you're coming to NYC?
Got bored today, so i put on a blue shirt, tan pants and went into Best Buy and quit!
Congratulations to me I'm pregnant hope its a girl can't wait to find out ...so excited
Sonic commercial: "That drink is so big you can claim it as a dependent" lol
How you doin man! Saw you're down wit da Toledo crew!
Prize #5: Winner will receive $100 in Plum Bucks to use on Plum District by moms for moms.
thank u. Anytime man ur da best!
JOHN ! Hi! Lol $ I know smarty that's why im here now lol
At the most amazing person in the worlds house((: Madisan Paige Faulkner is so amazing((:<33
Leaving for Plattsburgh in the morning
lol ok I'll turn it on and check it.
PPGoal for Erat. Tied at there
yes please!
March Madness with sound. Come watch the first two teams make the Final Four!
Stadium Conference Committee taking on the feeling of a retirement party -- or maybe one of those Super Bowl post-game ceremonies.
Today's been a good day so far.
Too bad "dancing with the stars" isn't really about launching washed up celebs into outer space, never to be seen or heard from again
Your welcome
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 65
Jack in the box curly fries>>>>>
nothing like arguing wether or not a sloth can climb up a tree up that's right they can
Good Luck Girl!!!!
do u enjoy eating any other cookies besides oreos??.....
Now following
im following
where is the tbar an is it cool?
Ready for #NYCMarathon! So excited to watch today
best movie ever
the unrealness of some of these stunts!
Yay, I love Fridays!!
I'm probably a bad daughter but I think usually I have. Last year I wasn't able to make it
Our goal at Lexington Plastic Surgeons is to help you LOOK & FEEL your BEST!!
Can't we all just get along?
Also helps it was directed by Alejandro González Iñárritu, of 21 Grams, Babel and Nike's World Cup "Write The Future" fame.
i just tweeted "it's cold and it's december" instead of "its rainy and its money" LIKE WHAT HOW DID I DO THAT
Happy Easter!!! :)
i don't think he qualifies as a Muppet, but he might be part of Jim Henson's workshop.
Glad to be back on track today.
New updates coming soon...maybe some interviews.. ;)
I'm getting a really small really safe car. I feel like the insurance won't be to horrible.
Neckritz asks about the current %age contribution for each fund & the multiplier for the City's role in contribution.
flight home for Christmas is set. Yeah
Stop dreaming. Live it!
Watch out for slides, some video, and podcast interviews in upcoming days on site to supplement great conference!
The revolution is beyond televised
gotta love good wine :-)
I'm not knocking Tami for talking shit. But Keisha should have said something. But I hate 2 sick someone prey on da weak. Ijs really Tami
": : I knew this season was going to do it. It was a brutal mess."
Pleasure meeting you today. Hope you found the #WPDP enlightening.
Anyone willing to adopt a black goldfish?
It is not beauty that endears; it’s love that makes us see beauty. ~ Leo Tolstoy
Got to trust, the simple truth
It's Winning Wednesday ! 3 random retweeters 2day will win a copy of 's Sex & the City Uncovered! ready. set. go!
changing tembis b. up for 2012...stay tuned
I wanna go see #Lorax tonight!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Let's Dance! Did you know improv dance turns stress into happiness? Free event in Building J tonight at 5:00!
Sam works really well as a name to place an order. Both on the East Coast and in the Southwest.
Contracts about up! Back on the job search.... I wanna go to Cali!!!
I'll get into this more tomorrow but a strong start at would certainly help Steve Stricker. #golf ....
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Joe Machi
I don't need the internet to know that a Bobcat doesn't make sense for the "Diamondbacks".
If your occupation is in sales...
well thank you so much! :) so glad to hear you are enjoying the music!
I know, right? But I'm sure these guys are "trained professionals"... or something like that. AKA, crazy. Good crazy.
it’s not tht im unrealistic bout my past. its just tht I prefer to remember it in an artistic way-rephrased GaGa.. i swear she speaks to ME
Q10: We'll start with Europe and work our way West.
I am so sorry for what i said, it was just really stupid, wrong and NOT funny. I felt so bad when you were mad and i feel like
Try an apple cider vinegar rinse after bathing your dog to help reduce itching. Use 1/2 c ACV mixed with 1/2 c water as a final rinse.
Please don't ever let Lefkoe host again. Perrin is the only thing saving the show. And the idiot callers are out in force.
RT : One of our widows wants to know if you feel like you're on an alien planet. Do you? As if no one speaks your language?
agree on schedule - broncos having 2 cupcakes in first 3 games really helped them get off to a good start in 09
Go Chelsea!
Increased engagement makes sense w/ the improved usability optimizing for exactly that (among CURRENT followers)
Catering to New Years Eve at www.patrickscatering.com
Yay its almost lunch time :))))))
So what? I don't get a goodmorning text anymore.. Ok..
is enjoying the Sunday morning snow show.
It's a chilly Monday in Tucson but don't worry Naughton's has all your needs to keep you warm. All our stores are open until 6:00PM.
Please no more bad flight tweets!! Hahaha. I'm sure I'll have my fair share when I get to LA.
i honestly believe that last one who was suppossed to be my heart and everything!!!!!! fucc that shit.....never again.... until i found him!
Love the Mo Willems Piggy and Elephant books. They are the BEST early readers. Such fun for us both!
in contrast, your blog page 'content' div has a padding of zero
Nothing perks up a gray Monday afternoon like sirens and helicopters in Hampden.
Thank you for making our Labor day event a success
yes ma'am!
ViewSonic Creates Cost-Effective Path to Cloud Computing with New MultiClient™ Hardware Offerings, Industry Partnerships
whats the name of that french rapper u showed me a few weeks ago <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Where do you go to get yummy things for your Thansgiving dinner? -Kristin Burns
this new chef michaels food is yummy!!! i might actually like this stuff more than a few days.
Happy birthday Praise! luv u
via C-Bass: 'Friday The 13th - Jason Takes Hartmut's Face'
Thanks for RT Hope you're doing well!
That's certainly the first time I've written a song and recorded it (albeit crudely) in the same day. Hm maybe I should do this everyday.
Picture a mint julep sombrero with straws attached and a rim full of tortillas!
okay that's good! :)
Can you back up external drives using your service (even if they are unplugged for long amounts of time)
Corollary: But sometimes one of the Daves will betray you.
Snow day. Reading "After Virtue." Second read, first was my freshman year of college. I actually understand it this time.
Never forget where you came from
Now hiring social media interns! Message for details.
What a day, aleady
Yeah, I'm excited to clouds too.
See you soon?
Is this how the world ends? Not with a bang but with half-remembered poetry? Is there nothing else left to us? To me?
I really hope one day I would open twitter and having in my followers list. Amen.
"This ain't your father's Republican Party" -VP Biden at Gen44 reception
Needs an off switch for my brain at bedtime
Yoo, every have one of them days where u know its gonna b good??? Hell yes, today is gonna b real good 4 me
Sorry Justin but I like swaggie more than swaggy
definitely in that league, yes.
Dear fans, yelling in a quiet ballpark ”I know the fear has got you now”...to your own pitcher...highly unproductive.
• Yes. Who is that?
#YouCuteAndAllBut you do drugs and smoke <U+2639>
Vowed to share performance expectations early after being blindsided at a review. Company never awarded Outstanding
I have one of your quotes up on my wall! (:
that's the perfect kid! & his grandmother!
Libya fact: Monetary Unit: Libyan dinar (LD)
that's the booze talking..it smells better than it taste honestly
BEST MIDNIGHT BREAKFAST EVER
The depressing thing about tennis is that you'll never be as good as a wall.
Parenting and Sports Talk Radio . . .
yep! Its in my bag :)
it's your time man, I got your back
my pleasure! Keep up the great tweets! :)
Hope can live up to the introduction just gave him
"I like to be in waiting rooms with people as they're auditioning because their terror calms me." John C McGinley (a hint about next show?)
anytime, Michael!!
pretty much rocks
LOLZ what? aha
Olive Garden's salad..
Grrr... doesn't mention that the tip you are leaving online doesn't go to the driver. now i have to leave TWO tips!!
aw, Hulu is apologizing for NOT being able to show an ad before the show I want to watch. How charmingly delusional!
it's a conspiracy
Game day! #SportingKC takes on #MontrealImpact tonight at LSP. Make sure you head on out!
Been getting good doggie mommy advice from today. my new sweet girl comes home today! yay! Gotta love adopting from the pound
Thank you New York City for receiving our newly released book entitled "Success On God's Terms". Book signing sold out!
You just gotta deal with the shit people do. Not everyone in life is gonna stay true.
-- I can recognize some elements from various somewhat obscure, older systems, but their combination is appealing, esp. in the JVM.
Danged expectations are too high! MT “: ... expecting people to do their jobs creates a hostile work environment.”
Come on, Go with Do it. Do it. DO it.
Born in Bed-Stuy in 1917 & joining chorus lines of Cotton Club in NYC 1933 singer actress & civil rights activist Lena Horne died 9 May 2010
Jesus! Excellent point.
Viddy the new Twitter background for , a taste of what's to come on the new site design!
Not surprised!
#FitTip: Fidget more... Finding ways to move is essential to your health
There is no worse sound then the alarm at 5:15 am. Good morning everyone. Hope you have a great day.
Can't wait to get free lunch at Madison Square Park tomorrow!
its only one thing i want back just one and i wouldn't ask for shit else
We need 20 more fans and we will start giving away FREE wristbands!
me and him are about to bone
Mark McGwire's sock were beige during his 47th home run
We have the most wonderful cheese cake pancakes!
Monday afternoon LIVE Greyhound Racing (year 'round ET): Palm Beach 1pm, Daytona Beach 1pm, Wheeling 1pm & Mobile 2pm.
Pack traded up again :)
I love that George is with a tall woman. you go George!
What a Joy to wake up on a Beautiful Sunny Sunday Morning :)
Is waiting for dinner guests at LOU on Vine
I hate you. Rub it in why don't you
Saturday's Auditorium Speaker is -starts at 10am in the DCC Theater and Susan will be signing after
same here ha! This game too close lol
its fine
MIT's new self-cleaning glass resists fogging and glare. Could lead to smudge-free touch screens for smartphones and tablets.
If i told you have a model i would love for you to see, what would you say lol?
When my life is made into a movie, she will be the narrator.
A fair deal to the fans = cut in pay for both owners & players 1st month back and pass along to us fans struggling for $.
mufasa tried it once and it sucked! ;D
Oh how much i dislike my Spanish class :p
hello guys =)
congrats to -- tf2 and css in grand finals of S8 Playoff LAN!
Lack of research + political ethics disasters = trouble.
make you open with something from Bloody Fist to symbolize the other bond btw Newcastle & Rotterdam!
I did!
Watching Tarzan, I love that mamma ape! I wanna hug her
Sure you will. Have fun. cc:
I hope you visit!
Ever since they changed twitter mobile I barley go on cause its ugly
Okay--thanks a lot, Mark! And thanks to Jeremy as well!
WHY are there old men jogging and walking their dog at 3:30 am?
#MahoneOnB96 come on mahomies we can do this!
yeah ure gonna have to make a PSA lol
YES, SORRY!
transparency sucks.
Hungary but all am chewing on is gum
And with the first overall pick in the rapture draft.....God chooses......Randy "Macho Man" Savage! OOOOOOOOhhhhhhhhhhh Yeeeaaaaaaaaahhhh!
seriously girl I would. But my apt doesn't have that kind of access and I have no pool. I have to rely on friends.
Want to relax? Want to party? Want some food? We got it all so come on down!
new trend on twitter
"Sometimes, those who promised to stay here with us are the ones who actually find it easy to leave"
What's to figure out? you type things. they appear on the internet. people laugh at you.
Thank god its the last one of these
RT : Mayor Jim Brainard selected as Grand Marshall for CarmelFest 4th of July Parade.
love it!
YouTube sucks. Everything I want to watch is not available on mobile. LAMEsauce.
Number of "Wife's Lament" papers I planned to hear: 3 Number I actually heard: 0 --le sigh--
Brett Myers>Putting the ball in play, putting batters away. Good stuff so far.
Peoples' actions today really makes me disgusted with the world.
Twisting tonight at The Great Wall Restaurant Bedford, Ma. from 5:30-7:30 pm. (Making Turkey hats and more!)
i felt the same way !
grilled ham and cheese sandwiches what you know about that its the best of the best
Glad I put my kiddo in her winter coat this morning! RT : Snowing.
Niggas be acting brand new like they some new breed of male females. Sweet fuck boys out here man
#Phillies game tonight!!! 6 games out of 15 home games!!!!
ordered window decals for both locations for firm. kite flying tonight. nothing stuck in the trees tonight fortunately.
Precisely so! :-)
lmao, When did u trade in ur two cats for a pitbull, and your classy style for a name plate and oversized bamboo earrings.
I love and I'll always back her up, so
maybe it's because of the type of person he was. what he represented. not just for SanDiego but how he touched lives.
what was your favorite episode of fantasy factory?
By the time school ends, I think I'm gonna commit suicide.
Prank callin with the cousins.
Want a free download from ? Visit www.weareBLAC.com
RIP #MauriceSendak, thank you for your literary gifts to us all.
Oh come on. Van Gundy is not walking through that door.
Tech challenged staff member was relocated to within 10' of my desk. TGF headphones & to drown out tech support convo.
Happy Easter, beautiful lady... hope you're doing well. Always thinking of you, love you bunches... ¤.•**·.<U+262E><U+2661>*¤*<U+2661><U+262E>.·**•.¤
buy a sippy cup
Seeing standup comedy 2nite in Austin.
GOOD: The Replacements, Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure, TWEENER: Johnny Mnemonic
last minute panic attack. can this be over now?
yeah do u like RNG?
love it (;
Really enjoyed the speaker series!
Everyday diferent female
I'm the strongest man with the strongest smell- I'm rank and I'm gully.
Reading the Twitter page for makes it VERY #Clear that their service is GARBAGE ! ! ! Why aren't these people in prison? >
What the hell Aceves!!
Win A FREE Zooburn and FatFlush Bundle This Friday! Details Coming soon...
Mwuah!!! I want kisses back,thank you :)
Many veg options avl at Greenfields! Have you tried the options at Bamboo? Or the black bean burger at The Metro Diner?
The food network is like porn.
WAHHHHHH!!!!.....A GUY MIGHT LIKE ME IN REAL LIIIFEEEEEEE.....
yep I totally think you are right! Nice!
he still said google glace cherries, see how u make em. It said 'cherries, syrup, boil'
Fall '11 open enrollment starts Friday May 6th.
bad call? Looked bad in HD
True with relationships too. Women have known this about men for centuries.
Registration is going well. Sign up today or saturday. Classes are filling up fast
Can't believe I woke up this morning in LA. Now does anyone want to help me unpack?
You balln tonight?
It's a book series & a movie . Well, movies.
Playing wii with the fam. tomb raider. that stupid octopus wont die!
Stevie Wonder making calls.
Jot me a note (steve.murch dot com) about what you'd like to create... (I'm BigOven's founder/CEO.) Thanks
LOL Screw People
I'm reading "The Monk And The Riddle" by Randy Komisar
Mid-day chat w my eldest who just said (again) that he's so proud to be a Guidry.
You are very Welcome Rex ! Keep up all the Great work man
Am I out of step if the Obama Medvedev comments didn't rise to my radar screen yesterday and I had to search to find out what it was about?
Only because you have to actually read it. RT : the book is never better.
you're very welcome. **hugs**
I've immensely enjoyed my day of completely goofing off. I should do this more often.
r u coming this weekend (this is the computer with the broken question mark, so thats a question)
IT IS NOT FREE, STOP SPINNING THIS CRAP TO HELP USA GET ITS FISCAL HOUSE IN ORDER.......OR RESIGN!
Deep Blue Organ Trio at Nick's in Chicago's Wicker Park tonight at 10 pm.
"I never...wanted to hurt anyone but that's impossible in the life we all live," he wrote, before shooting himself in his car in Las Cruces.
UGH! I'M TIRED OF RICH PPL GETTING WHAT EVR THEY WANTTHEY GET MEET CELEBS JUST BECAUSE THEY HAVE THE MONEY WHILE OTHERS STRUGGLE FOR TICKETS
who talk ? ;d
"I am Kendra the vampire slayer" I sense a spin off...
Loved "Rise Above 1" performance on Am Idol last night with Reeve Carney, Bono, & The Edge. Amazing!
You need to come by again. Quite a few changes since your last visit!
What are YOUR Plans for Opening Day?? Coming to the Square today and join in all of the festivities!!!
Good work, Odds!
Save my shit, video game!
TY so much 4 ur kind words. I hope u both have a wonderful weekend!
Congrats on your acceptance ! We're so glad to hear your psyched!
I'm trying out CRMs. I keep using as my test account. I think this is something you might want to know if you have a CRM recc.
Hey bro Spurs want to sign Nicolas Batum next season!
#pghpenguins #pens “Let’s Go Pens!!!” <3
I think the mice are onto me!!!
Happiness is a choice that requires effort at times. - Aeschylus
"If you can't measure it, it doesn't exits"
RT & : You can teach people to engage with communities. You can't teach them to have a soul. Hire smartly.
I love feeling cool, calm, and collective
Remember boy we can be miles apart, it don't matter where you are cause you're always in my heart.
ahahah stop it !
as does the Eta Chapter
Automatic DMs are still a thing?
Hooray for Dove Chocolate! Now making treats for people with nut allergies!
RT RT All the fella`s get jealous, ESPECIALLY WHEN I DROP THE BEAT AND DO MY ACAPELLAS!
WE LOVE YOU TOO! RT : I LOVE !
LOL! Too bad Obi-Wan didn't Pinterest. Think of all he could've motivated, gained support from, engaged and interacted with :P
Checking out the new with ! Yes for escargot hush puppies, steak tartare ad cassoulet.
need to keep Red Sox fans connected. Hopefully the bats wake up tonight
you will be pleased to know the commercials feature that kanye west song with the chorus "here's a toast to the douchebags"
Yes so do I I'll tell ya what happen tomorrow when I get home ma homee <3 I goin to beach 2morraw
Relax and have some fun while the rest of us are here working away..
I miss this 90's music: Garbage, Soul Coughing, The Cardigans, Earthsuit, Massive Attack.
Tiger, Tiger, Tiger...had enough? Is the media going overboard? What do you think about that - the 'transgressions' - what's next??
so proud of you!!! great job!!!!
Sunday morning to you more joy an luv we sent across the earth mi frens haile....
GIRL ALL FOR U
Thank you Colleen! :) Hope all is well with you and your family!
Check out the new twitter account to find or share available places to live !
"Into The Wild" is my favorite drinking alone song. Just in case you were wondering...
You're welcome! Thank you for coming by. Did you try anything exciting?
did you have fun beating up rake yohn in haggard?
Received official letter named Top 10 Finalist in Black Enterprise Conference Elevator Pitch Competition!
John M. Eades~ There are some days I practice positive thinking and other days Im not positive I am thinking.
I go to the Dominicans cause they can do my hair type since I'm half Dutch & Black! Babe is at the gym!
when the 8 year olds do the freezes that you couldn't do...
If I don't get that song this second I'm going to come to LA and give you the biggest weggie ever
Check us out and Like us on #Facebook - we have full catalogs and a growing like-base!
What's the best airline for cheap flights to Seattle from DC area? Same question for San Fran, too. Thanks!
I slick waisted a outfit on illusions!!
Reality TV is killing #interiordesign w tacky, disposable, over the top designs.
: You will not be disappointed! It was one of the best adaptations I've seen in a while!
what time you avail tomorrow?
dang dude haha
no worries. high school is awesome (:
What's going on tonight?
"You were not trying to cure my hiccups!" - crying girl yelling at her boyfriend on the street. #suckstobethatguy!
When people tweet about driving or traffic... Are you all tweetin' and drivin'?
MISS YOU
I'm just sittin' back and lettin you boys go at it. This is all the entertainment I need for one night.
Back to reality after a long but great week at
Great way to end the season #gophers - let's build on this next year.
hey all, have a good and safe weekend be strong
lmfao nahh you just gotta call janee's ratchet ass for you... you know how yall mfers get down lol
thats her name :)))
#ladiesnight at The Anchor Bar on #DavisIslands.. Come in for $3 #wine and $5 Three Olives drinks..
poor baby :( I'm sorry dear
Off to Disney day two!
This house has seen wind before but how many more high gusts can a house over 100 take? Lets hope she can handle a few more.
hey yall ck me out on rickey smiley morning show. tell rickey he needs to give me some money lol
when I finished this evening I wasn't satisfied with the ending. But then I read your post. It was such a revelation...
Do you have any machines running this weekend?
Well shit girls, wtf? That and alcohol was supposed to be the theme of the CF trip!! lol
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
Thanks for the ride ! Looking forward to testing out that NSX soon!
How many episodes are in this season of #MIBOI ?
Thanks man,appreciate it!
Congrats to George Fox Bruins Women's hoops beating Amherst and moving into D3 finals with a 32-0 record.
You exaggerate, but thanks! The DOE doesn't know what they're missing. This'll be a good story when you are Sec of Ed 1 day!
#DTLA kinda sounds like a war zone right now w/ all the copters but can't see anything going down...
After a great first day of after school here at the Barnyard yesterday; we are all excited to continue this school year with the students.
Now I see you and I laugh..told up I would get the final one <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0087><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
And tweeting about her furthers my Klout mastery of her.
: I agree >_< if I remember correctly, you were super sweet
has there been enough 'socializing time' or should we build in more for next year?
#tweetyourweight 175.5 - I need to start sleeping more.
: just picked up a rental sound system and $400 of hooch and cleared all the furniture out of my living and dining rooms. It's on.
Thanks for sharing!
tell me nowwa :(
Always have trouble deciding what to watch on Netflix
Michigan and Darrius Morris on a role vs Tennessee .
what's up sweetheart?! Grinding so I can show up at the BET Awards and be on tv like somebody I know. ;-)
I TWEETED IT FIRST
I Like Your Name
im going to go Celebrate because its Birthday and i #support him 100% percent
Nice to meet you last night!
Dollahhh make me hollahh, honey boo boo child.
Pretty sure the HOV lane discriminates against single people and anyone without kids. The sign should just say "Mini Vans Only This Lane"
The hardest part of buying new shoes is trying not to stare at your feet walking down the street
Came across your awesome blog. Hubby and I keep sending our favorites back n forth to each other. So funny! ~Mama of a 2 yr old
Haven't tweeted in awhile...TWEET!
RT : Just had shirts made for the team and the designer couldn't stop talking about how great the [tilde] logo is. Thanks !
Honestly, the only thing this weather makes me want to do is day drink.
No. 5 Duke upset by Miami (FL), 78-74.
you still have shopping to do?
#FF I love recognizing my Twitter Family!
Be always at War with your bad habits, at Peace with your Loved Ones, and let each New Year find you a better person
Damn that made my whole week lmao
yeah, i can admit there's still strategy to consider and stuff. all sports can be broken down to stupid if you try.
Spring fever hits the staff in the Apple store. They're all chatty, a little loopy, grinning needlessly.
not as good as Mo did, but I cant stay mad at him.
Apparently,out of a lack of attention - bars in the states now show "best of " moments of hip movies.
I'm pretty sure unless a player breaks his stick, sharpens it, & stabs a guy Shawshank style-- there will be no call
WOW! gives all employees iPads. They try to be completely paperless. What a "neat" company ;)
thanks for the shout out. Best place to watch the caps besides Verizon center!
FINALLY SUMMER IS ALMOST HERE!! done on weds....
I know I'm severely biased, but this place really is amazing. Walking the grounds
Lmbo whoa! I didn't mean to rt that.... i just agree that cancers are freaks lol
my friend said you where weak, so i smacked his food out his hand. now its #upsidedown on the floor
It is really easy to draft a text message and send it to a large number of people making them aware about updates.
I'm really feeling latest "All of Me". If you haven't picked it up, you should.
Just unlocked the "going to work" badge on I'm a hero.
thanks you. :)
Best (and most concise) synopsis of SEO I've heard in a while: "Optimizing for search engines and shopping engines is all about accessibili…
Thanks Everyone For The Birthday Wishes From Last Night To Early Early This Morning lol
Dunno. I think I'll hold out for the My Little Pony muttations.
ah bro stop lie n ta yo self ur not gon be prime next year stop it ha
Dear rain, please wait for at least 20 minutes before you start so we can grill our steaks.
“: Classical or jazz music is preferred by intellects while rock or heavy metal music is preferred by rebels.”
At Harrahs Casino again in Council Bluffs Iowa. Nice room and Great People.
... Look forward to connecting with you.
(And I've been known to say Oh Em Gee on occasion.)
Can something be 'temporarily eliminated'?
aw thank you :)
oh true ! , shoot best honor brides,maid (:
u still in tampa, you need to come out to some shows man.....
I'll snuggle you
Like us on Facebook to hear more about our company and keep up to date with our events!
You can't live in Orlando, Miami those are two different places dumbass, you either live in Orlando, Fl or Miami, Fl
It ended at Okeechobee Road, and if you wanted to go farther north, you had to cut through the swamp by airboat or mud truck.
Simple method to LOOK 10 YEARS YOUNGER is available, a 24 hr saliva test can be done in your home to diagnose hormone issues,DM me for more.
#espn3 FAIL, do they not have any customer service on twitter? Where are they?
LOL! Im so excited for the James M. sign. Im friends with the girl who brought it and helped it get noticed XD
This rain is gross, I don't know what to do today, I fidget too much to stay locked up indoors
absurd & embarrassing given the wide array of genuinely depraved corporate miscreants that tear at the seams of this democracy.
Off to Chicago!
Thank you! Let me know what yoy need!
That's like $18+ if you working at Ford
it was the cinematic equivalent of waterboarding
RT : haha I hate when people ask stupid questions! Haha Ditto!
Seriously. Eery. I knew he looked familiar.
We're about to kick off the Official Kickstart After Party! Hope to see everybody here!
that's weird...
Hey, -- incredible sound at the show last night. Amazing venue.
I went through the airport yesterday and got to go ahead of about 100 people. Never thought breastmilk would be a benefit!
Haven't had much time for reading this week but I did finish 'Hemingway's Boat.' Pervasive sadness and of course a tragic ending.
I think she was supposed to be blonde.
hmm... cupcakes? A cake with Ryan Gosling's face on it?
Mittens just DEFINED "severely." Like, Websters-style. Good lord.
Very cool- saw them at tiny Cricket pavilion in SD few yrs ago, they always think of great new stuff for their shows!
Fitting that 'the Year of the Protestor' ends with tributes to Vaclav Havel, one of history's great voices for the powerless
Glad you enjoyed! Thanks for being our PR rock stars!!!
When life gives you a geoffrey stroke the fury wall, stroke the fury wall.
I think I'm getting sleepy finally ...yay
Blah blah blah blah blah!!!
So over it I have a headache and I wanna be home in my bed and not at work with these idiots.....
Hey! RT : Good mooring #PMA friends!!!
Personally think the NCAA made a very WRONG decision in passing over as the permanent Executive VP, NCAA Championships!
pretty pretty please with a bagillion cherries on top follow mee? <21
May the god of hope fill u with much joyn peace as u trust in himso that u may over flowwith hope by the powe of the holly spirit rom15:13<3
When we attach judgement to something, we also become attached to the judgement.
stlii looking for Tech Writer with Visio and sys, progm, & database exp for proj in west sub of Chicago.
RT So we don't get a shuttle. We'll just do something new that will be the next big thing. That's what #Houston does.
Rules of the Garage: Believe you can change the world. Work quickly, keep the tools unlocked, work whenever. Know when to work alone and...
IS A GARDEN TOOL!! That is all.
Oh good - the Kardashians have signed a 3 year extension for their show. So, that's 3 more years that I spend fighting to ignore it all.
thanks so much for the support!
That's a pretty spiffy avatar! :)
Yes, I misspelled the title of a blog today. No I am not proud.
Feeling #fabulous!!
How was that Cole Turkey?
The burning bush that Moses spoke of were actually the flames of s talented beard.
Gardening, bike ride, and cook out with later! What a perfect Sunday Funday! And starting the new job tomorrow.. Yay!!!!
re the tim verses, elder qualifications are in 1 Tim 3; so is the pillar of truth verse. We should chat definitions for sure
I normally would take it back, but I needed juice boxes for the kids field trip today.
Seeking THREE Mid-Sr Unreal Game Programmers and THREE Mid-Sr 3D Studio MAX artists. Hit me up if interested -
Feeling a burden for SO many today! Sometimes the enormous amount of needs can be overwhelming for me, but not for God. Praying for you...
It's been so quiet in the house since they moved out.
#rememberwhen Barney used to say superdiduper
It's Friday let's party! TGIF
Sierra's probably the only person to actually put me on music I'd never listen to if I didnt know her.
time to get this shift at work over with... then the party starts <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
U MAKE ME SMILE
it went so well I just have to see how everything goes with the next step ! I loved it!! <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
Nice evening chatting shop...
RT ": Isn't it sad when you get hurt so much, you can finally say "I'm used to it.""
What oh what should i do tonight?!
and ikr it makes me mad but i dnt think it should start a twitter war
wait, does this mean no new bev tonight?
The AB LAB Presents M-DOT: via
yep just have to type one more page
RT : "I can't have sex with your personality And I can't put my penis in your college degree" A famous singer once said
#SomebodyCallMyMomma. Wait... I can't, I am the Momma
Video may exist, but I don't have access to it. ::shifty::
-do what's right, not what's convient!!
as soon as mr eric gets paid he will start thinking about vacations, and stop speaking of himself in 3rd person
Hahaha. Yes my mom plays the piano. I think the song Piano Man was also about her. In an early draft, it was "Piano Diane."
Day 2 of 18 holes & didn't feel like I was dying. Maybe I'mfinally getting used to the humidity? Nah.
No Problem:) Okeej..
#Glee makes me too happy. But... #RachelsAudition... :/
You're totally gonna win that. You win everything.
good night twitter :)
I think MARC ANTHONY is guest on Ellen tomorrow
ALL OF THESE ARE SO RELEVANT. Stop it.
AMY!!! I can't believe I found you on twitter LOL I hope all is well in Amy's world... Let's get some coffee sometime! :)
Wait... is on twitter? Woohoo!
I'm a recovering tricycle, trying to get by on 1 wheel.
Loved your film. I love juicing, but never fasted with juice. Your work inspired me to take a few days to juice fast.
S/O to my sister happy birthday I love you thank you for everything you do for me and always having my back thro whatever.!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>
Patrons just complimented me on my in Gemma.
The task of a #writer consists of being able to make something out of an idea. Thomas Mann
Just kicking back watching the game.
Expect it published Monday! : Finished new article 4 the brilliant Lanee Lee”
The average chocolate bar has 8 insect legs in it.
fat ass fridayss
oh my dad said it started with a b and he knows him ahah
he's preparing to jump of 47 feet of Flint Tropic Ball Girls...he's really outdone himself
TED Talks are becoming a requirement for those who want to be the future leaders. Ignore them at your own peril.
- you two seem regularly interconnected so why no deals on #TRX for #Mudders?
Yeah RT : y'all get those Lebrons?
Wen In Wit Her She Start Thinkin Y She Had A Niggah Like Yhu !
I'm going to be living in a van down by the river!!
lots more chances to win! #FroggyFlyaway to
You know I said it's true. I can feel the love, can you feel it too?
muse.. Check out Andrew Bird, the Decemberists, the National
Twitter knows us well. It was recommended that we follow Bun B.
Don't say I didnt give yu a heads up. If my sister gets cracked its not my fault. She never listens.
haha thanks and you're pretty too
#Brady on my fantasy team makes me forget all about the horrible #Patriots memories I have...
that's some greasy
urs truly! I tried to get Mully but he's very important!
O how many years?
Mike Volpe, VP Inbound Marketing, and Karen Rubin, Product Owner, at HubSpot
I hate packing last minute.
Hope Ryan Howard is ok! Bring on Larussa!
God damn, I hate bitches at work.
Classic Ke$ha move
follow please???
Sleeping naked >
an artist named DAP
I love my room mate!!!
Ga I can't wait! Omg!
I got bad news for ya if u ain't burning lik a eighth of tht loud A DAY. HOMIE U AIN'T DOIN SHIT!! We burning all day over here
Great overview of creating a #RubyOnRails app by Rod Paddock.
Why is Comedy Central bleeping out the word "retarded" in It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia?
Innovation: "inferences between technology propositions and conclusions about human experience." -- Randall S. Wright
I'm honestly torn.... if I could mix em up, i'd have one perfect one...
Can't wait ta get off
Yeah, just got a pretty rank email, didn't seem like you sent it.
Debating about a book called Mobie Dick
Wonderwall will always be my all-time favorite song.
Hang tight union station were on the way
#WhyDoiAlways give in to almost everything?
Only my dad would wear Sperry boat shoes with a solid Harley tank to a baseball game...
catalog shoot with
Got a new color pack on Draw Something...so who wants to play?
RT Very behind with blog posts - have a couple more on the go though. Fingers crossed I'll have something live by Mon...
howdy - at your service
#awkward get to milwaukee right MEOW. there will be dancing to michael jackson tonight. boom. but #realtalk come visit me.
I think it's funny that me and my brother don't even acknowledge eachothers existence.
That's pretty sweet. Working up a blog post right now re: historically hardcore, Eminem, and Joel Chandler Harris.
you put it please (:
#agreed I love !
I think might have done something to your elevator!
I Want A Metal Guy To Date.
Great meetings today for #CoLabProject and our season opener, #MenOfSteel. Cool things are afoot!
I'll be on NY Nightl News
If you have not cheered for the Pacers when they've sucked the past few years and just now become a fan again then yes you are a bandwagon
I'm finally, finally going to Golden today! Can't wait!
RT : Are U looking 4 nationwide exposure? Do U need connections or someone 2 open doors 4 U? Email...
I know! Sadness. :(
Hi, Kim! I'm meeting friend for lunch but maybe u, & Hope can talk after 12:30?
Uhm, Coonery talking bad about Coonery?? Dude, look in the mirror!!!
Hey! You decided to give Twitter another try after 3 years away?
So Marney... no avatar bet on NFL Week 3? You have a taker here.
"Congratulations. You're one step closer to hitting bottom."
Homosexuality is not natural, just like cars, airplanes and air conditioners. Three of these things have been proven to destroy the earth
Had a beasty as lasagna last night :-)
I wish I had a boyfriend/bestfriend at the same time!
They say that the world was built for two <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><U+2764>
All #work & no play = boring. What is your personal #passion? Do you know it? SeanLetwat
Lazeric Jones is no Aaron Afflalo
#somethingaintright ..when you go home and hear squeaking and moans coming from the bedroom when yo girl supposed to be at work!
“: and I've never felt this way before!! ;D” Oh and I swear this is true ^__^
The version of "Into the Mystic" is
raps hard
The meeting made me want to scream.
If u like #DWTS & want 2 support a great cause - check this out! RT : Awesome auction 4 Humane Society & SPCA bit.ly/vzfTWm
Happy Mother's Day to all the women who are brave enough endure child birth. You have my upmost respect.
Crawfish bread oh my goodness
Every single radio station in Texas is either country music or in Spanish... Lame
all day, except for the math mock
Chicago was #amazing :) shoutout to , , , & You guys were phenomenal :)
John Carter is what I'll watch....not to sure about this movie though.....
All through October we'll be doing episodes on the macabre, scary, and otherwise Halloweenish, starting with Ghosts next week.
Aye bro you watching loiter squad tonight???
A little after dinner competition with and
A2: Engage in conversation, ask questions, listen and follow up, follow up and follow up.
I'm going with my sister
n don't OMG they are a lot u need lots of patience
Another 4 days of school this week!!! ARTS FEST this friday, happy that we dont have classes that day :)
Agree. He was terrible last year. There was a reason why no one wanted him. Could have gotten any able-bodied back to be 3DRB.
If the iPad 3 or "iPad HD" has LTE on it, I think it will be time to give the original iPad to my Daughter!
Pssst....just talked to the front office. Shooting for home opener to be Oct. 15th or 16th. It's NOT official yet though, so might change
Haha, glad it went well!
Lolol. Love ya too! Go tar heels!!! ;)
You can have your chicken on the plane...
yeah definitely. It's so funny!!
Logging off dear 20 followers. Inshallah, hopefully, It'll be at least 38 when I get back on :) IF NOT, THEN GO SIT IN A CORNER AND DIE
I never understood the point of the chicken dance
Weekend Business Podcast: WaMu's Settlement, the Cost of Law School and the Pain of the Financial Crisis
Such a great song! I'm just happy you guys finally put out a recording. <3 I can't wait to see you all July 3rd!
Please go heel soon Orton.
did she say that on UK interview?
My apologies to Deanna. It's not her fault ESPN has to put her on TV. I'm redirecting my anger to ESPN. It's all their fault. All of it!
Earn $$$ by selling UR own brand of human hair! Weft hair 4 weaving, bulk hair 4 braiding, & loose hair 4 lacewig making! Call 855-DRWIGGY
Daylight savings tricks me into working longer hours...
Hope I dont fall asleep in the shower :/
Last day of 'The Cast' faze....
Believe you can and you're halfway there- Theodore Roosevelt
I didn't mean to retweet the one about Terrence jones. The other one i don't even know what I read lol. I think I saw ninja
I've watched more movies in the last 24 hours than I have in the last three months. Thanks for sharing your Netflix w/ me!
car vs cyclist..east bound Platte on Powers bridge.. Traffic slowing.
it's a very fine line.
Last day of work before a much needed week off. LET THE GOOD TIMES ROLL!!!
Thoughts on new pic? Because I wanted her to be our dp :)
When somes mad at you let them talk to you first Commonsince
I'm in the coop cruzin, with the stolen plates, servin all the feens over there at the golden gate bridge...
he said he wanted to get thrown out by second quarter. Perhaps he wanted Sparano to do it?
Way to go!
Come on ohio state, stop falling apart
Thanks much!
Chapter 2012 Page 36 of 366 It continues to amaze me how priceless an encouraging word can be.
I thought you were talking about tracks for your hair lol I'm wrong
If a good body is all you have to offer, you're worth as much as a stripper's salary.
Hard work beats Talent, and Talent doesn’t work as Hard.~ Tim Tebow
well you picked the right high school to interview baseball players at!
cute self
RT A1 I love how rehabbed a former Grain Mill into the Mill City Musuem - reuse of ruins & edu. about city hist
#GoodThingsInTheWorld are those who help others, before helping themselves.
Just got a Jon Secada CD, even though it's all in Spanish and don't understand a word, just love his voice and his sound!
Peace Corps.
Whos the bigger man bitch or
In attempts to improve your character, know what is in your power and what is beyond it.
Edward Irving Koch~ Im not the type to get ulcers. I give them.
U R strong man sitting there that long w/all the BS over & over...they want ur left nut or what? Hang in there Oz.
if NE Pats ask you to race Randy "Straight Ca$h" Moss for the starting WR position will you do it?? Via
my house
man and it couldn't have been at a more awesome part, explaining the fist pump hahah
Just out of curiosity, are a supporter of gay marriage?
Some emails I get should just change the subject line to "Here's a headache for you."
I think that's where I gave up on the series. Which I hadn't thought would be the case.
omfg im dying inside no glee tour this year no! you have to have one ive been waiting for you to come to florida!
Took the official out.. I can't be official since Trent doesnt have a Twitter.. don't want to get on any Cleveland bad sides!
great advice!
These pants make my butt look like beyonce'... I've never worn pants before, this might be a regular thing..
how are you!?(:
Sweet! See ya soon! RT : Excellent! I know what I am eating for dinner tonight!
Joke of the day: If a tax man and a lawyer were both drowning and you could only save one, would you go to lunch or read the paper? Lol !
NOT IF I SHOOT YOU FIRST!
Let me guess your going to Universal Studios?(:
is confusing Anja Oyen Vister with Emiliana Torrini. or maybe it's the other way around.
Thanks to all that participated in or came out to Craftacular today! You are all so amazing
workday full of meetings + avg amount of work to do = working from home at night #happyi'mhourly
What is it with old people and movie theaters? Every one of them has to ask tins of questions to the cashiers. Wtf?
Riding stationary bike and tweeting at the same damn!
Yea... But the way I see it it could be worse..
Farewell Penny. Don't let the door hit you on the way out!!
slowly dying inside watching all these #teenwolf commercials. is it june yet?
HAPPY C DAY MY NIGGA KEEP DOIN DAT G SHIT & KEEP THESE F NIGGAZ N SUSPENSE #WARREN UP
The #Browns finally select a player in Rd3, John Hughes, DT (Cincy). No WR in sight.
Just finished eating zebra, impala, and crocodile at Carnivore restaurant in Joburg. I still prefer chicken :)
why my account spamin' WTF ! had a stupid day...
Getting close to official launch ...
Suck Mah Dick.
Stop marketing to the title on the door. Start marketing to the person behind the desk.
Very impressed with a lot of the #Oscar dresses tonight. But Penelope Cruz looked stunning
"this new history...was not a story-telling but a problem-solving discipline" -- David Hackett Fischer
I Made Sure To Not Get Alotta Pink This Year:) #donttextanddrive <---random much? Haha
Merry Christmas! Thanks for being our 2000th follower! Hope your Christmas has been amazing!
Going to chill wit the wifey today.
I enjoyed watching! I always do :) It's AMAZING to be a Mahomie! #SWAG <3
Cool I'm fron chicago.
One of the best nighta
Josh Gibson, Double Duty Radcliffe, Satchel Paige, and #Buck100 would be my choices for dinner!
you moving
This afternoon we're going to say very nice things about anyone who #FF's us - starting tweeting!
you know it!
why are you worried about lunch. We are here to take care of you!
Rouser time! Minnesota, Hats off to thee!
Off to the rancid meat locker to copy-paste MOAR SPREDDSHEETZ!!!
#atxcouncil procedural item passes. on to #imagineaustin briefing.
The drinks is on me the weed is all free
It's better to thank god for these days rather than those
Rise and shine! Time to make that money.
Hot stone pedi, the new Vogue, & cheap box wine. Sweet ass afternoon.
IMO "Bella" and "Jacob" as the top Girl and Boy names are much better indicators of our doomedness
I agree. Do they really believe that only #Syracuse has this problem. They go back 10 years, but we just hear it now??
might have to do that. I can't believe how big he is already
Why don't you just makeout ?
you knnow im so in to do that.
Awesome! Got my 45 min in. Finally put the cardio back in my sked two weeks ago and the fat is coming off. :)
Thank you for the public announcement
Day 3 of waiting for a manger to call me...
not to mention there's a shortage of up to date books in the field of web mapping.
“: Like you, I enjoyed that Clippers' win!!!! Bring on the Spurs! Haters need not count the out.”
RT Christians sometimes even say Jesus died to save us without mentioning that he also rose for our salvation. from
West Brom now level with Arsenal after goal that should had been offsides...
So ready for summer to start..
silly bands are awsome
Get a frist look at what's going on @ Portland Incubator Experiment. Some wild ideas @ 4p and 6:30 on KGW.
Watching Bulls vs Spurs.
Those who are afraid to fall are the ones who never learn how to fly.
It's official. I have a penis!
Sounds like a plan. Things are great! How about you?
Someday, someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else. <3 #quote ??
I meant in general hah, I've been snoozin
Hey, #indy: Much-needed stop sign has been installed at 56th & Central. An improvement, but BE CAREFUL until drivers get used to it.
basically all of their songs are freaking awesome haha :)) Have you seen them live?
The Doo Ron Ron, it's the Doo Ron Ron
I feel like if I turn the radio off, they'll play Cher Lloyd. But I'm pretty sure I'm like the only one requesting the song....
Thanks Mar :) Likewise!
I can swiiiiiiimmmnn
We’re looking forward to your tweets!
Make "someday" today. What have you been putting off? Exercise? Cleaning out the closets?
Massive hug to anyone who brings me a drink.
"It is not that I think or believe [in spirituality] but that I know." -- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
I run this, I'm the Boss!! Therefore Im the Boss of you. RT what ever!!! Im the boss of YOU!! Ur not the boss of me!!!
Aw you're doin' just fine! Any job updates??
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Reach Single Use & Disposable and most oral care products.
OJ has hands of fire right now.
Two tenants report that sign on door of Koch's 7th floor lobbying office in downtown Madison is no longer there. Protest planned there at 4.
Can't get wrestling off the brain.
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 31
old songs that bring back good memories >>>>>>
aw. I miss you too, mama.
Keep up the hobnobbing
South Pacific island life, in color
Shannon Osborne (Wee Can Sign) will use songs/nursery rhymes to teach how to use sign language w children @ Galleria Lib tomorrow @ 9:30.
I'm a diehard fan and even I think the Badgers shouldn't be anywhere near the top 25. They are terrible right now.
All will cease for your corruptible being. The quest--transcend while your soul continues to open your eyes
SOMEone has Megan on the brain... damn lol
LMAO IT WAS ME DANCING LOL GO TO YOUTUBE AND TYPE IN LOVERBOI NASTY BOYZ AND YOULL SEE ME
love your back ground!!!
Obama jokes about Secret Service, election in monologue
Immortal Again & Aging is a Treatable Disease Finding The Truth!
I ate the best mole in the universe last night. Sorry for being remiss in my reportage. I was super busy.
#SuperTuesday results so far: Gingrich takes Georgia, Romney takes Vermont, Virginia and Massachusetts, Santorum projected win in Oklahoma
Haha yeah that was kinda weird..but yolo..right..?
Fun #ROFLCon Fact: The original Scumbag Steve jacket was a reversible G-Unit hoodie with fur on one side & straight pimp game on the other.
welp it's a good thing I don't miss your ass either huh
Thank God I found him :)
is up now, to talk about privacy in #kohails. Timing now dead-on, so I'm up at the top of the hour, after Bob.
#TebowGotTradedFor the game Blitz on N64.
Around the Horn is the ESPN equivalent of JaMarcus Russell. Had potential but now is nothing but cheese and ego.
best singer ever<3 like no joke!! he has the most amazing voice ever!!<3
Change for yourself, not for others.
Aw, you're sweet! I have a great career already, but I could sure do a lot with five minutes singing on national television. ;-)
#SignsYouPissedSomebodyOff you get hit in the face.
did u ever watch ultraman?
while your eating your taco, it started raining candy.
If you buy toothpaste and hair gel that look similar in packaging you may have perfectly sculpted teeth and minty fresh hair.
That awkward moment when the sentence you're reading doesn't end the way you thought it blowjob.
haha yeah i bet, just another source of procrastination for me... maybe after my finals haha
WWW =World Wide Wait
Call or come by today for Anthony DAvis Presell TIckets (each ticket good for 1 autograph)
Please follow back .. ?? Btw , i like ur name so unique .
"Much effort, much prosperity."-Euripides
Tony Romo sucks
shower your love on me.
glad to hear it! u have the same number?
Thanks alot man.
Had a #terrible night of sleep :/
RT So exercise TO YOUR LEGS for restless leg syndrome is the key. Trust me. >.>
Damn nothing to eat. Looks like oatmeal again.
thank you for coming to our cocktail last night .. can we meet again?
“: We all know a girl who could perfectly be in "Teen Mom".”
Life's too short, so kiss slowly, laugh insanely, love genuinely and forgive rapidly.
Just found out the other boxer is Mexican thought he was a whitey
Letting my #Jesuit Flag fly this Easter day!!!
Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka. In 1910, Halley's Comet passed by earth, brushing it with its tail.
Iglinskily wins the #Liege-Bastogne-Liege classic.
Watching that heat and Knicks game made me feel like I was looking at a high school game.
I'm not into the future, just the right now.
so stoked you are following me I'm a big fan! You Rock!
#FunFact: #Chicago’s nicknames include: The Windy City, the City of Big Shoulders, the Second City, and The City That Works
Shit, watching a documentary about the L.A. riots in 92. Seems like yesterday.
I'll just act like I remember.
I'll support you? ;D
I think jigga likes to talk lol
isn't there a 12-step program for that?
congrats my man!!
Ask to see them again. You will see them with different eyes and notice elements that were overlooked the first go-around.
Plugging away at the e-mail game today. Finding some amazing companies to work with this year. Who needs a video for their company? DM me!
Follow! RT : We are donating $1 to #RaiseOurFlag for every new follower to Today!
That box of Tagalongs didn't last as long as it should have.
It's hard to think what you wanted, it's hard to think about what you lost.
Free #keithurban ticket to the first single lady who replies.
those tacos look great! If you ever come to San Antonio, TX ask me for local food favs
Just another reason why I must go to NOLA ASAP!
Ha. Thanks Benet! Have you checked the Black City Lights EP yet? Would be keen to see what you think of it! :) You well?
I have a some friends who are trying to get me to add a Hulk to my Avengers tattoo, but that would be on the back of my heel.
RT : "Death before dishonor, and I tell you what else/ I'll tighten my belt 'fore I beg for help"
Go Steven!
that was a psshhhh cause you know I'm really a gangster hahha
success! ordered entire menu outstanding! (!)
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH?????
Are you going to be at BU at all this semester??
RT : I think my guy jus got on a fucking classic. Smh fuck I know he did S/O
I want dumplings.
Just in case you are wondering, I'll be at TRACK 2: Leveraging the Big 4 Consulting Best Practices to Bolster Your BD Strategies
Haha yeah that's why I've been deleting all of my @ replies after a few days. To keep my numbers down :)
Picasso had a saying: ‘Good artists copy, great artists steal.’ We have always been shameless about stealing great ideas… ~Steve Jobs
Ugh....Blake's hook is just NOT ON this series
don't get kidnaped... Yeah right feel sorry for person who tries that lol
Speaking today at the Silverchair Colloquium in Keswick, Virginia. Follow the meeting at #sccol. Looking to be a great discussion today
thanks dude, I appreciate that!
for the weekend, we're heading to and 's place for a Game of Thrones birthday dinner party. you?
CUSE!!! Duke and Sit Down!
Finally putting it down because you've finally realized you are stonger than that.
S/o to you.if u thinkn or have thought bout me.....
if you are ever in Phoenix, Az. Look up the Rollin Knights MC
puting up all these clothes
No school today which means cleaning the apt. while looking for a job and watching #discoveryID all day!
Thanks for the RT!
Walmart books department : unless you're looking for The Help or The Hunger Games you best just move on stranger.
Did you know there is a big eBook 3-day sale today for #Kindle and #Nook? Get more #KarenVail books like Inmate 1577!
favorite mindless show =
Love your wife, Kiss your wife, Adore your wife, Appreciate your wife! That is the word of Today!
Design principals of #Makerspace environment/facilitate/activities
yoo follow me wade
Tonight is the Tolo dance at my school, preceeded by the Winterfest games. It's Evergreen Lutheran vs. Tacoma Baptist. Go Eagles!
Didn't want to ruin the surprise! Is G crashing with you?
Good idea! Have fun.
Thrilled and pumped to see following us! We've got huge plans, and they've got your wonderful school in mind as well!
As a fan, I'd love to see Tiger win at Augusta. We all hope his people are listening to his body. The problem lies beneath the symptom.
Moving away from Twitter, posting more on Facebook. If we're not friends on FB, find me, add me, etc.
Love when I get mail addressed to "resident". Makes me feel like I'm in the looney bin. wait...
ok lunch time. Wish I had a personal chef [does #Romney ? probably] Be back later. miss me :p <3
LET'S GET to 12k!! If your not following him go follow him NOW cause he's awesome!
hearing extremely loud noises outside and almost peeing myself, that's always the best.
good point. Voter turnout here is depressingly low.
Received resume from someone who didn't even address me by name. If you're looking for work, try to show you actually want a job with ME
Lol Andrew Luck is so awkward
I love you when you're funny--and you do funny better than most. But I really love you for this truism. FUCK YEA, WORD UP
Thunder just HouSEd the Bulls.
Love it. I'll talk with our tech guy and see how to make that a reality. It was great meeting you in person Saturday, Brad.
If soaking your feet in warm extra virgin olive oil is the best way to repair your feet... Why do I feel like I need bread from carrabas?
Hey David! Tom Yarnes here with Dagger Custom Apparel. hope all is well with you my friend...
likewise great meeting you!
Had a great Connection Group last night! Love to hear how God is working in peoples lives!
Question: will a proliferation of badges & badge systems make it harder for employers to evaluate credentials?
is sunny, i had time to get ready this morning, i skipped ap lit, i have jamba juice THIS IS ABOUT TO BE A GREAT DAY !
yeah but those darn regulators caught up :)
lln she so stupid!! & her friend was the one who told on her. theyre so stupid its funnayyyyy
it was awesome! You should definitely check it out
What the heck is Google Play? It just showed up in my google toolbar or whatever you call it...
What better place then here...? What better time the now...?
Finally done with this APLANG art essay! Five pages in 2 hours! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
yes, we should have more episodes up on youtube in the next week or so.
thank you!! What a crazy rush!
"three amigos" is on. afternoon plans: cancelled.
Well... that felt so good!
Hi Laurie! *waves* How ya doin'?
it's not the same without you here. Thanks for coming to spend some time #coworking with us!
winter clothing on Marathon Sunday. Go Josh!!
wow I thought this was going to be a cool twitter account to follow for great new books, I was mistaken
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 35
#Startup companies love Davinci Virtual. It's a great way to establish a prestigious office image without the high overhead costs.
what is it Im thinking hair removel
In that case, time to buy some peanuts (and condoms.)
The Blind Flop
When girls try to act all bad, like really ? #Grow up
awready, I didn't know if it was true so I had to ask you I know u got the inside scoop n shhit lol
If you really love someone, don't just say the words.....show what you mean.
the crowds at Muse concerts are like living organisms
Saying hi for WI from DC. Let me know when you land on the ground in our fair state.
So should so play words with friends with me :) my username is samluvsaustin
As the great Sean Puffy Combs once said, "I will sleep when I'm dead."
My 10 minute opening argument is 20 minutes long.
lol! I do agree!
Movie marathon with the fammmmmm. Well without ben.. :/
#Snooki is preggers?! God help that fetus
I love it, one conference call in about and hour and I've got the rest of the week off for vacation. Staying home doing nothing all week.
friends make sure u send me a request on facebook.. moore.. please
#FirstDateRules look at her while she talkin' n act interested even if u not...
Over 2500 left handed people are killed each year from using products designed for right handed people...
I'll be so happy just to have spoken, i'll have so much to tell you about it
im here
Ouchh. That wasnt very nice. Im very pretty
so cool to meet you last night. Congrats on the awards. Looking fwd to seeing u at upcoming chapter events.
A man's word and his intestinal fortitude are two of the most honorable virtues known to mankind. -Jim Nantz
Oh definitely. Occasionally folks ask the secret. Luck—that the 2 different people U become R still compatible.
they are getting interviews much quicker. more like the year before your group
round trippers filed under baseball terms writers use to not write the same word over and over but that nobody ever says
Had a panic dream about Wikipedia last night. Was it #GLAMwiki at #AAM2012 or 's Wiki-trivia quiz?
since you claimed to forqet my twitter imma mention you YET AGAIN smh your mean and um stop unfollowinq me punk . now follow
What a day. But great weather NYC! Happy Hour 4pm-7pm All infused drinks & appetizers deals for followers on Gypsy Music Thursdays. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
sounds simple gatorade. Hangover is simple dehydration. Also even better pedialite if you have it.
now with me not having a job, I might be calling the mixtape voice mail even more...
I LOVE !! he keeps me positive on most days
!!! RT : Shoutout to errbody breaking up this week to be single for
Wow both and are blowing up my feeds! Roughy decisions to tune into both>.<
idk what she is, ahah. she kinda seems preppy.
#HonestyNight if i ever have a kid, i want a girl so i can name her somethin w/ Leigh in it
Plants these days are EVIL ! D:
RT : she always poppin up like spam<-----hell yea
pretty much. and an admin said something akin to it being detrimental by not using them.
#uCantBeToughAndSay "I love picking flowers!"
what's up?
“: LMAO! !! Lakers getting smacked 74-49 #Pitiful” Damn someone's sour about their team losing Game 7...
Watch those roads again Weds PM thru Fri PM as very light freezing drizzle and snow fall across the immediate area. Drive safely, friends!
Twitter Has Been Lonely Since Skhool Started -__-
I'll go ahead and guess Côte d'Ivoire?
Absolutely sir. I hope you have a great day and life. All for One, and One for All- Marcus Garvey
You're welcome!
Mixtape Is In Need Of A Hot D.j And Also Art Work..Oh And Also Need Photo Shoots Please Retweet!!!
Whats good Los Angeles :)
we got 9 scores recorded for you (uev-3z)
So glad this is my last night @ work...3 days off.
Goodbye leaner
Good one! Think retro....
I think you know the answer to that.
Two gay dudes have more in common than most heterosexual couples.
Tebow needs to throw the damn ball!!
hi, I love you guys :)
Fave social media myth: Social media only for young people - NO! Fastest growing Facebook user group is the over 55s!
omg my friends will never go there with me!
I speed a lot. I could be given a citation. Is this really a necessary "Tweet". Big deal a lot of us could be detained.
See you on the 5th April, Hotel Cafe ~ looking forward to it Lee
Walk of Shame Zach? Most of us have been there ; )
TAX TUESDAY The Deadline to file 2011 taxes is __________________.
lmao fuck that & them crumble that up and mail it to em
midnight release Gears of War 3 with work at 7:30am? hell yeah!
Bad hangover
It is easy and cheap to by a phone with a local number in the UK. Pay as you use it and keep your number for next time
Must get better before the open bar party tonight!! Must get better before the open bar party tonight!!!!!
you're cute. I'm goin'a hear my teacher's mouth tomorrow. Annoying.
Just because I don't start the conversation, doesn't mean I'm not dying to speak to you.
very funny!
its been a good bday :))
Thnx for following us Rebecca. WE're following you back. WE're living out OUR dream in the #SocialMedia business. :-)
i shoulda stayed in and rested, ah well
It's never easy to stay on a diet, set goals and keep track of what you eat. Don't be afraid to slip up, if you do just get back to it
This game has all the signs of me going to bed pissed.
In LA at the mixing theater finishing the final sound mix for 'A Place in the World'!
HAPPENING NOW: Monetizing Your Existing Content in New Ways and Formats in O'Neil with and Craig Ettinger
ha those were just the two guys that came back to back on the radio, im a fan of all good Xmas music though
Focus on outcomes not motives
Hi, it's 8:30am EST USA. How are you?
Things that ruin thanksgiving
Or when parents teach their kids the way *they* did math vs the strategies we use now.
Friday Night Lights = great movie. Had been way too long since I watched it. Now, I'm ready for football season.
It's time for a blizzard
#BestEditing goes to
The Team, The Team, The Team! Thanks for taking care of the 12th man this Sunday! Awesome contest from the best team in sports!
Cheerios is a slut-shamer and shit. ;)
hahaha maybe I'll post one later and show this whole bush thing I've got going on at the moment.
I'm soo mad that just happened
AH ITS 3RD :) GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED come on mahomies!!!
See you soon, then!
Day 86 of 100: I am thankful because the camera from my iMac doesn't work - after frustration, I had to let it go: next! :)
you had to go and ruin the moment? No, sir, it would not be rhad. Because that's the stupidest word in life
You should tweet more in advance about your appearances, LeRoy!
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all you want. ~Jim Rohn
by all means, please do.
The good thing about working at a funeral home is nobody cares if I get so drunk I piss myself.
its one of my faves all year...
salt and vinegar chips.
this is the dream come true c: gotta love that movie .
well thank u. I got a new friend. U can give me a treat
Pole-Dancing class, 1-hr Champagne bar AND strawberries for only $35?!?! Living Social, you sure know the way to a mans heart!
Thought: Would you accept an inbound friend request from Mark Zuckerberg on any social networking site? Why?
Currently at Jersey Gardens
“: And it's all the same, glad to know I haven't been missing out on anything at all.” welcome to chicago
Kierra is being MEAN !
i've never heard silence quite this loud
new cover photo (:
Hey man, working on a mixed media project. Love to know how you get your text to be so crisp. Especially on the sad punk piece.
United for #Haiti free community fair -- May 21 at Archbishop Curley High School! #Foodtrucks and entertainment, plus legal services info
Oh my god, ME TOO.<3
For my birthday (May 5) I also want an intern, a publicist, a personal trainer, and a stylist.
As an aside, Rick is currently working on a Shooting Drills DVD and a Shooting Workouts DVD. Release date still uncertain.
Thank you for following! ~ Mark
Checking out iPhone App. It needs more zoom. The Enhance! larger images are not big enough. I want to see more detail.
yeah also want you guys to come play a party for me.
Just got back over the hill on 24 where you can listen to the best radio station ever
Guys, i need more followers!
i hope that chivalry ain't dead to you boy 'cause i'm grown.
thanks for the link! how cool! i really like the idea of using games for learning in classrooms!
I did after it! :P <3
Dr. Awkward. :)
Thanking our members for a successful online chat. Such a wonderful time..THANKS
#reasonsthatimsingle 1. Can't trust them!!!!!
#thingsIwouldbuyifIhadmoremoney A newspaper subscription. I would like to open the sports section every morning, sip some java, y'know.
hmm you're good at being a friend =]]
Looking back at The Next Web Conference 2011 [Infographic]
Yeah, its not very sophisticated though. The number is 859-271-3441
If #sb1070 is upheld, will you travel to AZ?
Had a great time chilling with the team tonight. #icsf is going to be the bomb.
I think we may be somewhere in Hyde Park
Tonight Duck Pizza Pub in San Bernardino (1535 E. Highland ave) w/, Technology & Do It Live. Come chill!
Another scrumptious lunch at $1 Wednesdays! We <3 !!!
haha, ok, just say what you want to say to and i put it in the video (:
what is corey doing?
Runners, I've only played lottery 1 x, my race # from Chicago Marathon. Won > $100. #flyingpig Good luck!
Are you marching? This year
I think we're all going but I didn't love them there last year... It felt weird.. I don't love that venue for them.
I am looking for a lense I can use for sports indoors and outdoors. Recommendations? Used is fine. Word.
Plinko is both my favorite and most frustration Price is Right game.
Less than 15 minutes til & I are on the roundtable! Set your dvrs!
RT : So glad my daddy, , is a pharmacist. He knows just how to fix his sickly daughter. Don't know what I'd do wi
Sweet Jesus!! Well in that case. You're quite cheerfully buggered!!
Prepare to be disappointed in what's available for streaming. Unless you are really into 80s B sic-fi
at some point, you have to realize that some people can stay in your heart, but not in your life
But somehow I had an instagram account before today?! Idk *shrugs*
Another b-e-a-u-tiful day in #CLE and I get to spend it outside w/ my adorable nieces & bff at shopping for their 1st BIRTHDAY!
shit! If you have, I hope you've saved me a seat already.
I grew up listening to your father preach for Revival each year at Union Baptist church. Everyone looked forward to him. Awesome!
#Brewers' closer John Axford approaches Joe DiMaggio's 56-game streak but falls just a few games short.
Oh no, isn't around to issue updates abt our steady progression twd hypothermia. And to think it's in the 80s outside today.
as always - my pick BEFORE it starts...Katrina will win it
Lakeshow all day every day lets get it lakers in the 2nd half
Um.....get ready to shed some green tears tonight!!
XS for Steve Aoki and Afrojack Probably skipping the $1500 event tomorrow
luckily everyone is too Hung over to be in line getting coffee
maybe I'll go get a pedi while your getting your hair done. What time will you be done?
Nobodyz perfect!.. Baby but u perfect 4 me!..
In Edmond, OK? Want free Hideaway pizza? Wanna hear live music? Come to the UCO Jazz Lab for all of that right now! Bring friends!
Working out for real... is actually making me feel good. Not tired! :D
Big Time Rush<333
Just returned from photography class. Who knew there was so much math involved?
thank you MWRD and thank you Sen. Durbin for touring our great ward!
me and him were at the softball game!
oh and Legally Blonde!!
Thanks for both hyping and tweeting my look :)
Prison or bust, indeed
Thanks guurrl. I know you have bigger plans;-) Hope to see you soon! *hugs*
the only hunger game I have any interest in is Hungry Hungry Hippos
and she was the most one to get in trouble by Mr sceiff and Ms Miller
#whatwouldyoudoforneuroanswers is more fun
same here! well except it's 6 PM here, so i'm about to eat dinner in a bit :) how was your day? :)
In four months and a day I'll be a married man. Hell freezes over.
"Piece" and quiet???
People want you to fail just as much as they want you to succeed. Both serves as motivation one way or the other.
Loiter squad is funny af
Mr. Branson defines quality in most every venture he undertakes!!!
Abp. Robert Carlson, closing #SVDP mass in St. Louis. "When you visit those in need, you wrap them in your Eucharistic love."
I ain't even smoke n I got da munchies
1/2 hr in consumer line = 10% reduction in quality of life
Off to the The Dam Short Film Festival in Boulder City to premiere our film, "Just Like the Movies"!
Thanks for the retweet!
Successful and unsuccessful people do not vary greatly in their abilities. They vary in their desires to reach their potential.-John Maxwell
45 min until we tip off the SunTrust River City Rumble here at Vet Mem Arena!!! Fins are ready to rumble into ASun Tourney!
Some people #dream of #success... while others wake up and #work hard at it.
Dontari Poe in front row next to Clippers and butler talking smack to him.... Wrong move.
Yay for for making this #interweb #infonightmare a dream come true....
because you have Cleverly who can adapt. Carrick has had his shot, failed. Off to Sunderland.
Yes I'm in college and yes I just hid hundreds of easter eggs for my roomies to hunt for :)
Your tweat was well-organized and engagingly written. In short, I like it. (Hope this helps the retweat count!)
#GETALIFESERIOUSLYDOTCOM RT Nick im'a need all the photos from that shoot.
How are you going to do the opposite of the POTUS, but then take credit for all the successful things?
This week Elvis Shirley will be guest spotting here! Come by and get a tattoo from him!
The Ready Set in L.A. Day 2
Spring cleaning at 10:23pm. Yes this was very much needed. My closet will thank me in the morning:D
Time finally caught up to the clock in my car, so now it's only 10 minutes fast instead of an hour and 10!
thank you sweetheart
Maybe we'll bump into each other.
#liber2011 EEB model: free access in country where material held. royalty paid to library, commitment to evantual open access. &c.
I found you, gamer :)
there is no place in softball for pom poms
She must be using her own hair instead of one of those practice dummies. She does want to be a stylist.
#SomePeopleShould should just be happy for others for the things they do instead they hate!!
thanks for following xx
Plans got cancelled.. Gunna be a long, boring night :-(
yes, savira is my name and its an indonesian name.
not my problem!
is there a way to sink my phone with the computer. So when I reply it shows replied to by Adam? Work on comp, but not phone.
Why is sarah harding trending?? I LOVED her jumpsuit on this morning lol
Starting out the night with my best pal: Rosé.
Not as much as I love you ;)
Did you catch any pics of the Super Moon last night? We'd love to see 'em!
sure, have had good & bad experiences w/theme reconfig but upgrades do have me irritated. documentation could be more accurate too
Regular menu for #ValentinesDay with some special a la carte items!! We WILL be accepting V-Day reservations as of...right....NOW!
hey Angel!
I can't tell you how many people approach me for a student to "set up" their archives. I tell them when they hire their archivist, call me.
Hubs to the rescue! Groceries are bought. cc:
Bring on Chris Carpenter. I got this. No way I'm throwing three duds in a row.
Learned it from u! RT : Dan is the Man RT : You need to measure based on business goals, don't measure tactics says
Nats continue to pad stars stats.
Have a great week everyone. Work hard and make it count. Whatever you do, do it cool!!!
Silence can not be misquoted.
In the florida mall wit my mom
Cooking and Cleaning is just what you do as a wife.... And if you can't have that.. Good luck with your future.
love ya dangerous..... haha ill see u Friday so no it wont be the last lmao
Thank you for all your support! We really appreciate all that you have done to make this event successful! :D
we throw it on ice in the summer. Try Jo's down on South Congress while you're still in town.
sure you can reach me directly at
that's why it's especially generous for you to pay for my trip to Italy right now. Thanks!
That could mean one of two toooatlly different things.
Former #Badgers cornerback Antonio Fenelus signs a free agent deal with the
Back School Supplies – JustSmellSoGood .com www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
thanks for the credits :-)
Parents should not be the biggest examples of manipulation we have in our lives
Hmm....what to do now.
I didn't say I wouldn't. I just haven't. BIG difference ;) And I agree. Now.
We are looking at it. They should be available.
I wonder what's wrong!D: I love him so much... i hate seeing him like this. He NEEDS a hug!<3
Thanks Karen!
Im literally in my boxers
i forgive u i know ur getting autographs right now soo i guess i cant blame u :/
Glad to hear you enjoyed the show! Any specific highlights?
so if i were a birth certificate, where would i be? i sort of need to get a passport. hm.
What do you mean?
I've lost the ability to clean house. If you find it I don't want it.
Today's color was all black + signed a few autographs
can't wait for you to join us!!!! ;)
The gym fixes everything.
*Good morning! ;-D
I love my dentist. They're all Filipino and I get to practice my Tagalog. :) haha.
one more night of Shitty sleep and im about to perform a self labotomy.
I wanna talk to my bestie .
My book club students make my heart happy. I'm sad to lose half to graduation this year.
Big Pig Music Festival!!
Need job/internship interview practice? There's one spot left for speed interviewing Thurs 5pm. Email if interested.
I'm legitimately tired! Haha!
Good day today :)
lol yes. He humped the air like 3 times & i legit had a heart attack. He is sexy as fuck. Omg his voice, his moves, his hair.
Before I renew my Flickr account, does anyone know a better photo hosting site I should be using?
Ray's Place networking event will commence at 4:30 p.m. following the #YouToo2012 conference. YPs encourage all to attend!
Who calls at this hour???
RT : hey, EE, congrats and best of luck on the new enterprise.<~ Thank you Wes... I appreciate it. Hope your doing well.
Still trying to keep it together. I have to end this session soon.
cool. would be baller if it was actually real time.
why is George jones following you? He must be super creepy
Funny how on Twitter when you say the right word or word combination you suddenly have people following you for no real reason at all.
Nihilism is a simple concept, but most people are unsuccessful...
Sorry it took so long to respond. Went out for chocolate and margarita mix. One thing let to another …
Next task...learn about mashups!
“: FEMME FATALE is Britney Spears most anticipated album of the year 555” is she coming put with 2?
Sorry to hear about your loss :-(
Ole Ole O
Some of Them Were...I Had 2 Kids With One #OUCH!!!
With the dropping temperatures in New England this week, if you have dry eyes, point your car heating vents away from your eyes.
The Musical of Musicals (The Musical!) Begins August 27th Pay-What-You-Can Preview today, Aug. 27 at 8:00pm. 1201 N.Royal St. Alexandria, VA
played live poker yesterday, and man there were some bad players... even with one bad beat, I still made $100.
Thanks Libbie. I'm happy that my #art inspires you. Much appreciate.
know anyone looking for a Madone? I got one to sell. :)
I was just.tryin to.get your attention
.i like blocking people {;
Nope! I'm open to suggestions, though. “: is there a name for when you go 0 for 5 with the win? #OriolesMagic”
It is 11:30pm. I should not be so hungry!! Or maybe I should.
denying sex<<<<
Bout to work less go!!!
Meatloaf balls? That's a new one for me... sounds good
audio file this week, for sho.
now I have a reason to finish packing early so I can watch it!
we're so honored that you recommend us so highly!
looking forward to reading it -- another reason to celebrate the new year!
Go my bad
he'll be back alright, this cpmong winter meetings should be interesting.
Any tips and tricks for choosing your perfect wedding dress? How did YOU know when you found "the one?" ;)
Hey everyone! Be sure to follow to see our other updates and maybe we will find you in #Columbus! We look forward to it!
I like the fact that used #turkishbath in its commercial. I think the concept fits with
Operations Support - Brooklyn, NEW YORK –Start date 03/15/2012 End date 06/15/2012 Support client service associates and operational perso…
I know it's hard to keep up with a blog. But if your last post was in July 2010, maybe don't have a link to it in your email signature?
Have you gotten your copy yet?
About to go on stage, very excited!
Congrats to Marques Maybin & DeJuan Wheat, 2Card greats getting their UofL degrees yrs after leaving for the pros
I think some man time is needed here in the near future.
Shout outs to and thanks for following us!
Speaking today at GM on fraud, ethics, and moral/ethical over-confidence.
Me2! but im Here! slide Thur
My son and I had an extend argument about this when he was in the first grade. They look like resentment and indignant rage.
I took a chance, I took a shot. And you might think i'm bulletproof, but i'm not.
I love that one
Tired for PROM ;/
Best CRAFT beer and fine cuisine pairings in entire country is happening tonite at Lodge/Torrey Pines. No hype needed. Treat yourself.
That sounds like more fun ;)
Okay, this girl is going to bed. Goodnight all!
The value of relationship hav went to 0 without a value of something theres no love not jus bf gf famil or God theres no love or commitment
Your program is a rip off
Chocolate Rain
#WeWontWork if you cant make me laugh.
hey Marc -- I just saw you poke your head into the back room at Maddy's. Come on back and hang out, if free.
I'm gonna wear christmas clothes tomorrow and look like an idiot. wow, look at all the fuscos I give....NONE<3
Just found out that will be performing at SXSW. Looking forward to checking out his show.
let's hope Savannah doesn't get it this year because of this trivia answer.
Plus FREE AUDIT for Monday and Wednesday On-camera audition and scene study class with founder Anthony Grasso this week!
Holy Crap! Watchin #mycrazyobsession on TLC & this 31 yr old guy sleeps in a crib, acts like a baby, wears an adult onesie & has pacifier..?
#spriteslam... talk about proving stereotypes wrong, white men CAN jump!
Ask the coach after the gm, at press! RT : How do you play 2 must win home games against the Jazz and Suns, and lose both? How?
My pleasure, it was great!
Tillett explains that "crime rings" are focused on stealing identifies of "young adults" - most serious threat to ED FSA community
C'mon #Bulls Finish this!
What the hell :'(
RT : Hands down my Favorite Singer of all time is "BRIAN MCKNIGHT!"...No 1 can sing like that dude
thank you so much for the #FF !
I want to photograph something. Stat! And instead, I am stuck in bed on percoset :(
One more fucking love song, I'll be sick.
party monster on Netflix hoe!
haha love you girlie :) I'm so looking forward to this Summer!
#FirstDateRules don't ask job interview style questions. If I hear. "Where do you see yourself in 5 yrs" I'll walk out. done it before.
he should totally be the next james bond!
I save taxpayers tens of thousands a dollars a year by treating new-onset AFib and DVTs as an outpatient. Beat that, Barack.
I love you.
The fact that it doesnt really bother me that much .. Is a problem ... #maybetheywerefakefeelings ??
we should have ram every day.
Watching my twitter feed blow up re: #madmen. I have to say, never seen an episode.
maybe if you'd text me back? yknowwww
Shout out to in article about his tweets in Va. House of Delegates to #spreadtheword!
Me :D
How did it turn out??
Hello , it was nice to hear your thoughts at #newmedia #bootcamp hopefully next week we will get a chance to talk more
With all my heart<3
yeah, i saw this and was like, "she's still doing things?"
Hey Mr. Dorsey, how about a Who am I... wednesdays. We pick a scene from a movie and say who am i? Can you start that.
Eff your frozen yogurt. What we need more of are ice cream parlors.
The tournament buy-in will be $150, with an additional $50 for breakfast buffet prior to the Tournament, cocktails & silent auction follow.
Done with this semester!
#AskBieber do you still brush your teeth when ur in the shower?
Fun with Melinda Nelson
Shower then bed
Bring it!
im afraid if that mountain was removed you would go into withdrawals...
Aaron Rodgers got a camaro, David Freese gets a Corvette. Id take the vette.
Good morning
Latest reading of TINK! the musical was awesome! We're flying! Thank you talented actors...you pack a real punch!!!
What do you think? Coincidence or crafted that popular #successful #socialmedia sites are varying shades of blue?
Come on Knicks beat Miami today ! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
“: I like how my mom yells at me to hurry up & when I'm finally ready to go, she finds something she has to do before we leave ..”
Beautiful day in Washington DC, needed. Yesterday was a sad day, our thoughts and prayers are with the families of those lost in the Metro.
If these 9000 people live downtown that would solve and change everything. Instead bigger the downtown become worst it will get.
#postseason 17 times
How's everyone's #NaPoWriMo going? My last three poems were about Facebook, Jersey Shore, and Jewel songs. It's NaPo -- get crazy, y'all!
seems like the coverage of the cheerleaders was longer than the Padres coverage hm wonder why?:-)
Thanks we appreciate that and for the follow!
Suicide circle in Des Plaines. God save us.
HOW DOES IT GET IN!?!? Magic cat?
Are you serious? I just finished that puzzle again, what can't you find?
RT : I'm in bed now....Lmao goodnight
Dear Girl Scout Cookie fairy -- my undying appreciation for box of Do-Si-Dos on my desk.
Enchiladas Verdes, Roasted Winter Vegetable Salad, and Mulligatawny Soup!
Lauren Hutton is a girls role model. And no one knows better than she.
deborer isn't coaching that team. It's all Larry Robinson.
Everyone please welcome the one & only Bay 101 June to Twitter! RT My feet hurt but I love time !
#MetsWinMegaMillions That's a lot of Gee's.
#WHAT'S GOOD TO EAT BEFORE YOU GO TO THE GYM
thanks for live tweeting the #NAEH12 Conference to #endhomelessness. sounded like a great conference.
Respect for kids' skills is often lacking in educational settings
Here's to the Mahomies who are dating Austin Mahone, but are keeping it a secret because they don't want to get death threats(;
Let's check your symptoms. How many hours until you're done at PSBJ?
Looked like his knee was down just a bit short
With ME! ": Headed to the good old #252"
RT : More than 1.4 million people are diagnosed with cancer annually - Teresa Woodruff
While I'm waiting: name three movies made in the 80s that have a Kenny Loggins song in the opening credits?
Two travel notes. Man in a wool blend suit got off the plane in Helena Mt.
Don't compromise with your health. always go for genuine treatment
I hear ya. Me too.
Nobody else matters girl
So, your birthday is tomorrow(: my card (as usual) will probably get there the day after:/ i hope thats ok(:
I love how u can tweet but not text me back....
Great lunch at Craft & Commerce w/ girls, & Sarah of ! Loved chatting all things SD w/ gals in the know!
I juggled tampons today. One landed in the coffee of an ornery man at the next table. I am a horrendous juggler, but hilarious company.
#ilove getn lost in the #music. esp that #myalterego gets to come out & play!
Help us get to 500! Only a few more to go.
Guys have no idea how long something they said can stay in a girls mind.
Are you all watching the coverage on the #WhitneyHomegoing service...this is a sad day in music.
can't help but love him i must be outta my mind....
Woman who heads HISD/CofH SPARK Parks program says there's no money for architect contracts for some projects.
first prize will be $250,000 good luck to you
thanks. I did very little and now I'm in bed. Sigh...
TJ, Carla always says things that are meaningful, when she talks, Tough to talk over and I
The biscuits at bojangles get bigger everytime!
People who dismiss your right to an opinion aren't really worth talking with. Don't let them get you down!
Please note: OpenSpace will be closed on Monday, July 4th.
nope >.< still wrong.
Almost can't contain my Ghostbusters excitement! I feel like a kid again!
Butta Love ... It's been a while since I really heard that song.... Wow ... The memories, good and bad ... Lol
this is so funny.
I like that. Me too.
The best #RelationshipsAre the ones you didn't expect to be in; the ones you never saw coming.
Need a weekend away from the hustle and bustle of small town life and social business. Come stay with me, ur bro, and sleep in!
Wish I could take back what I saw
Catherine Camus controls Albert Camus estate in FR. Racer Rodriguez, 8.Y.O. author, lives in TX w/ dad ROB’T. WGAW hides their money in L.A.
im still in the lab... but we got one!!!!
The Great Land is just that.
adult pics? Like posing paying bills, going to work, grocery shopping & parent-teacher meetings?
My dad just came into my room and said " THIS WOULD MAKE A GREAT OFFICE" thanks dad
fortifying my eLife now like never before.
We'll see how the recording goes.
Wow! $15 Trillion in National Debt.
Yesterday I was in a sundress biking on the waterfront... today I'm curled up with hot-coco and a blanket. Gotta love #Portland weather!
Think i'll go shoot sum hoops with #oomf tomaro!
isnt turning 16 tomorrow. sorry. not yet.
Im at the hospital now boo waiting to see the doctor :/
Let me know about those drawings I'll hook u up! www.leocortesstuidios.com
Ortiz breaks up no-hitter in 1st inning with double. Oh well.
Oh no! Missed opportunities. Did you make up with Dave yet?
COMFIRMED: Ryan Mathews don't want none.
Hey! I can explain it to you if you email me:
RT “ Relationships end because once the person has you, they stop doing the things it took to get you.”
What a BEAUTIFUL day!
PHI Quote: "The real winners in life are the people who look at every situation with an expectation that they can make it work or make it b…
“: Church has me so alive and awake and in live with an amazing God. I'm feeling so refreshed. I'm blessed!”
thank you for your presence, comments and support!!
love it!
Laptop is wierd and I can't login or cant open my graphic tools
Are you in the USA right now?
Damn. I didn't know I exceeded 3,000 tweets already. I talk a lot.
Nap time #upinhour . I need to catch up on
there's a thin line between an independent woman and a brat doe...
I knew it!!! Hahahah
Does anybody actually tip $1 for a $2 can of beer?
;) shhh. I watch everyone .
#ThoughtsDuringSchool damn I'm hungry AF
imma get this essay out the way but afterwards imma enjoy myself tehehehe
Kelly's/Kincaids!
great meeting you ! looking forward to the event and learning from experienced entrepreneurs like you!
Stars of get many of their fashions in Portland. Where to get that "Grimm look" on #KGWNightTeam 11pm.
I think I'm also limited because I have a cheap cell 'phone. I suspect I would tweet more if I had an iPhone.
are you serious right now?
Global law firm seeks an IP Transactional Associate for NYC or CA office. Please submit resume to Wendy Oliveras at .
YAY! :D lol and watch this i wont be mean to you againn!!(: for the rest of the week!
I love how bipolar Texas is
My card finalllyyyy came in
Bill HB-2127 for Arizona Film tax incentives is in danger of not passing. Show your support and let Gov. Brewer know what you think.
Flirt with your girlfriend in your dms not on my timeline.
I agree !
lets watch movies together
Blood in the Tears and The World Is A Thorn. Blood in the Tears is such a beautiful, exquisite song.
nice! Can you shoot me your email address? Thank yo!
#Quotes You can catch more flies with honey than you can with vinegar !
~Watching "African Cats".. Amazing!
The new MKX also features a new six-speed SelectShift automatic transmission
Special props to #Pittsburgh police, EMS, SWAT, dispatch, 1st responders, #upmc communications, #Pitt & leadership for actions.
one of my fav SF stories back in the day was leading a city bus in a singalong of "wheels on the bus" after a couple.
i know!!! I Stuck in this house for the past two days im about to go kray
It's official - you are Kohl's with a new sale every day to drive us insane.
some would say there's a double standard. They would be right.
Great question to staffers by Brian Snyder, including comment that the term "specialty crops" doesn't do our cause any good.
im speechless! I assumed TK was not mortal. yeah his paintings are gonna skyrocket. Now scholars might take him seriously...
Hate crying in front of friends.
If you start in one of our Challenge Groups on May 1, I wonder if you would be bikini ready by the official start of Summer... Hm...
What's up Facebook and Twitter big dream luvs yall
Is e-mail to slow??
Took a nice little nap, watched a 30 for 30 on Fernando Valenzuela, now to my friend's graduation party.
Keep an eye out for Hotelier Finvarb Company, they have done great projects in Florida and just starting to turn their attention to NYC.
Great picture! Thanks for sharing!
sadly feel the same way about meeting an attractive guy near 40 who isn't also dating 20 year old girls.
SAVE THE DATE - COME NETWORK WITH US - WEDNESDAY MAY 26 - NBMBAA MILWAUKEE CHAPTER social/professional networking event,more details to come
I've accepted the fact and moved on to change it
When r u coming to LA? Just was playing "who's laughing now!" Love u!
are you alive????
I feel bad being mean to the mice, but I am so afraid of them. The dog wagged his tail & I jumped a mile. Plus I thought Jerry was a punk.
this season IS rigged.
Need ideas...huhu.
AJ announces that Bolts intend 2 take a close look @ T-Blazer, Greg Oden. No concern about Oden's history of injury-
I'm sick of checking my phone and not seeing your name.
See faith u have hoes
Seriously, I take shits prettier than your face
ReTweet if You know for a fact that one day you'll meet face to face
Today's Quote: "It's not easy being a mother. If it were easy, fathers would do it." - The Golden Girls
Act of Valor
Great! Glad that you guys will be hacking on our API!
That was probably the saddest and most emotional funeral I have ever been to.
agree http:www.infatuationclothing.com
lol yeah okay
To be called into work on Saturday, what joy! Today's mission: To be positive at all costs.
Everyone go follow my sister !
grab a another and turn up the -
Damn it hot.
Cannot believe some of the political dreck coming from the candidates and their minions. But wait ... this is free speech and fact free.
The thing is..It might rain... Jnndjsnn I love rain and all, but If it rains today I'm fucked.
is rehearsing tonight after taking class at YogaChai.
Let's brainstorm, library parody ideas anyone? #CatalogsystemthatIusedtoknow?
1. Many colleges offer tuition waivers for older adults. There's access to continuing edu, assess to the arts, and opps for volunteering.
Wonder if the is drinking beer today ? Because, you know, he doesn't always drink beer, but when he does...
Awesome to see Semin and Ovechkin go play in a tournament that nobody gives two fucks about as opposed to, ya know, winning a Cup.
The New Christy Minstrels perform at The Neel Performing Arts Center in beautiful Bradenton, FL. Dec. 11th @ 2pm.
Who is ready for a Hopes High TV show!? Would YOU watch??
Save on your Senior Portraits, sign up to be one of our models and free session, earn $ print credit
UN-followed me .... :( i guess she not fucking w/me
omg!! I just saw your bio on twitter. We are meant to be friends
oh and the Phillies will kick the CUBS butt the year:))xoxo
Sad to miss tonight's event. Sounds great however, congrats & team! Keep it going!
Our New Year A to Z continues. Between now and 10a "F" songs from Paula Abdul, Sweet, Edgar Winter Group, En Vogue. Enjoy!
On my "to be read" list for too long. RT An argument made in more detail about Google by
So I think im going to Sea world after school? :D
Colony tonight was super cracking
see this is why I Love you !
completely re-doing my "evaluating websites" tutorial using Captivate and incorporated active, problem-based learning,,,
Sorry 3.75 RT : Gas prices going down from 3.77 to 3.85 as we refill the production vehicle. We are no longer overbudget.
RANGERS all the way baby
Chase has alerted me that my acct may have been compromised so they're sending me a new card. AKA I go hard shopping for the Kentucky Derby.
hahahaha u saw the comercial ah?
you wrong... Lol
superstition is the best.
I wish my leg would stop hurting..ugh...the muscles are building..but still this shit hurts like hell.ugh..
I think there is inherent quality, not sure if it can be measured. Focus on re-use as a proxy.
Ian Curtis and Joy Division are trending. Whaaaa????
Stein and ESPN say Raja Bell to Utah is a done deal
Today's #joejaneswisdom from LIS520: "Every time you search, you should learn something." Like that WorldCat sorts results by # of holdings
Join the competition at the Save Point tournament being held at the Main Library on February 11th at 10am.
OMG. I SPOKE TOO SOON HALLELUJAH AMEN THE WORLD IS A BEAUTIFUL PLACE
Perfect opportunity to set the record straight Ending speculation would bring down prices. Kapstone not immediate
I might be quiet around ppl I don't know but Ima whole different person round friends.. I hate thy friendly shit
Thanks for the opportunity! Keep it up. To all our followers: please nominate Cover the Kids.
quality players they signed other than OLs, it's news to me
Denim has always been an everyday symbol for style." ~ Ritu Kumar
In looking for people to hire, you look for three qualities: integrity, intelligence, and energy. And if they don't have the first,
absolutely. You guys came up a while ago when evaluating social monitoring tools.
make a girl smile, 24 four hours a day. and you'll get back 100% of her heart <3
Now that the Caps have won, it's into the writing cave I go. . . .
We did, we did! Souvlaki, tiropites and loukoumades were DELISH! RT : Have any of you stopped by the Greek Food Festival yet?
RT You are hysterical! Thanks for the belly laugh at your expense.//Um, what did I do?!
I wish Google Maps had an "Avoid Ghetto" routing option!
Just tell will hold the car for you. ;)
#fallformal Re:Love love is spontaneous dancing!
my mom thinks I've never had a girlfriend and she's right
School, race, then work sounds like a good day tomorrow
We will be doing our weekly #BANDSHOUTOUT in a few hours if you havent get your band to follow us!!
#IWillAlwaysLove my mom and dad<U+2665>
Congratulations again! I'm seriously stoked for you. :)
#FF Great places to take your kids:
shyt idk im tryin to find something to do .. A lil kickback or something
Aw I have your ticket was it just u coming
Cardinals just missed on a great opportunity.
thanks! Have a great day and weekend! Hope u do something fun!
everyone follow me
#Tiger side action claims he never tipped-read about it here www.ussportspages.com
It's the mountain from How the Grinch Stole Christmas!
you're such an ass lol
we all need a lil shot in the arm from time to time! Glad you enjoyed!
Why am I not on the Vineyard right now?
Busy, busy, busy... The season starts in less than three days on
I'm starting the rumor
Beautiful day for some bocce and some natty bo's in
Hierarchy seems an odd choice of terms in a networked space : RT
I just need someone who'll love me the way I know I need to be loved, not the way they think I wanna be loved.
just look at your favourites nd just look at all the tweets from him i understnd if u don't want to ad sorry for bothering u
just putting some units into UbD format-
Duke researchers have proved long term exercise can improve the body's ability to control blood sugar levels and forestall diabetes
I actually liked it....srsly... #don'tjudgeme
the ghost adventurer. <3
#YEE LISTENING TO 11:11!! I LOVE THIS SONG ITS MY TOP 111
its ok I'm used to it by now from you lol but u have a blessed day
Mommys birthday today!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>
Hehe and omg i hate you. not fair. it's alrighhttt
Rest In Peace Girl. How I Wish I Could Be In Heaven! U Will Be Missed On Earth But We All Kno U Are In The BESTEST place EVER!
my sister NEEDS to stop moving our bedroom
Academic Moms get to celebrate Mother's Day, too. Give yourself a nice day today. Happy Mother's Day!
“ Can it be end of May beginning of June 2013 already.”
no i didnt! how many females you got on twitter? oh okay *flips hair* so why you mad honey
Alright, time to read.
Left is Right | Left-Wing Group Attacks Home of EU Task Force Head Horst Reichenbach - Der Spiegel
Today doesn't feel like Friday.
I read b/c I can imagine what the scenes and the characters look like - and the men always look like Clive Owen. ;)
have jugs of Fountain of Youth water for sale. Only $999.99. Supplies limited.
Game 2 underway.
“: just curious on your thoughts of Blink 182. Would you ever produce their album if the offer came.” PLEASE!!!
Motivate - He who hesitates is lost.
that's so awesome!! I have to go to a B show with u one day! And you gotta come with me to a G show!!
u a rude mofo
2012 Goal #9: Complete the Marine Corps Historic Half Marathon without knee injury. Ahhyaaaaawwt!
We could not agree more!
Lazy by Deep Purple on the old Machine Head album is a gas. Very killer Organ and clean clean guitar riffs.
Nicki, a mother of 2 beautiful girls & the wife of her high school sweetheart. This shouldn't happen. Hug your partner/kids
Mango peach smoothies at Bourgeois Pig rocked! Heading to yoga ! #GoLocalChicago!
#stupidquestion "Did you get a haircut..?" "No...It grew shorter."
omg over the top.. y do i have to shut up
REMINDER: There is NO SATURDAY ACADEMY this week (2/18/12). MICP is back in session the following Saturday, 2/25/12.
People in Milwaukee would never allow that to happen! Sometimes the Sausage Race is bigger than the game! Lol
Smiles hide the true pain.
I know =) nice to finally meet u!!
that is awesome.
What me Erica and Brad just told that teacher...>>>
This is the most fun. Im glad we have both a wine pro & a booze pro offering classes in this town. #MoveToPittsburgh now.
There aren't as many rich people to see at night, but it is a better view. How's your day?
IMO, don't get political or personal, stick with the humor.
Digging the 8:00pm bedtime. Do you know how many people are at the grocery store at 6:30am on a Saturday? Awesome.
403rd, right? “: On #JohnMilton's 404th birthday, #ParadiseLost - Awake, arise or be for ever fall’n.”
patience. Jogging. Lunges. Clean diet. You got this
#youneedtositdown and realize what u got sitn right next u on ur side!!!!!!!
Word of advice for human beings. Do NOT go to a toddler park and sit on a bench near the toddler area and smoke a cigar. Idiot. Amazing.
we'll see if phil has it in him again. Wish your family a happy easter for me!
I want to do a cookie exchange this year! As I kid, I loved it when my mom returned from those! Cookie haul!
S/o my girl I love her she stay looking out for me! She know how to keep me happy and I love that!
(ugh. I just set off the twitter spambots mentioning the I-word. Cue spam mentions in 3..2..)
I thought Alexis was a musician. I tend to listen to more and read articles, but maybe I need to listen to them.
Happy Mothers Day to My Mom Sherlee Norman! The Clippers #1 Fan. This Win was Best Mother's Day Gift besides having Me.
GL tomorrow. Keep getting it in good. Variance will pan out.
our president #obama is among the 1% of people worldwide that have eaten DOG Meat.
Groove 2 tunes from world famous at ’s
Where they find these young ass dudes always talking about swag!?? You ain't no wild boy
um im hungry what should i eat i think breakfast
Francis Bacon~ Nothing is more damaging to a state than that cunning men pass for wise.
I'm sorry for all the RTs everyone. I can't enough of #underwater90spunkbands my work day is literally over b/c of it.
Still up watching movies with my parents c: yea buddie!!
I wasn't aware Los Angeles had a monsoon season. Somehow, this must be Portlandia's fault...
#nowplaying Salt-n-Pepa - None of your business
I have sleepless nights too. Sometimes you just can't avoid them. Don't worry, it's just normal, haha. Take care :)
Waz up people
RT : #Tallahassee Florida Commerce Credit Union is title sponsor for next month's Celebrity TiesTies Auction and Gala to...
1. Money 2. Time 3. Ineptitude What I can the previous 3 months was a blank page. What I have now is better, but never complete.
Would u rather lick my azz or kiss it? Both options are available so feel free to do it anytime!
CROSS ME I PUT A BRICK ON YA HEAD BITCH!!
Cuffington, no lie I was almost raped by one at age 16z the big bitch threw me over her shoulder up stairs to her bed...
lmao thats the same thing I said.
Orlando tomorrow to present the RUSK Gobal Collection with the team!
1 of 2: “False friends are like our shadow, keeping close to us while we walk in the sunshine...
and I r having so much fun texting each other! I hate being sick and she is making this the best day ever
These new niggas talkin bout they sendin em... Nigga u couldn't pimp ur way outta wet paper bag wit scissors n ur hand
Holy Modric! What a boot.
Gen Next students have a very sensitive 'fluff-meter'
I wish sleep wasn't a necessary thing. Hello 5am. I didn't really miss you, but I've seen you too often.
turned out amazing!
Nice error message: "406 Not Acceptable Privacy was enable now, rquest can't acceptable.Please try again later."
#Redsox Management - you think the fans are stupid? We don't believe a word of this being a #Francona decision
. That's awesome. Jesus IS the coolest cat of all time.
Very cool, my client is very non-tech, so this will be great. I use Fetch on Mac. Used it for years, but I'll check out Filezilla.
Hungry mothers = underweight infants = slower growth & more trouble learning = reduced long-term ability to overcome hunger
What happened? Is there a company statement that I can access?
The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet. Oppenheim, James
is that a Phantom of the Paradise poster I see?
Last night tried your rib eye steaks. Best we've ever tasted!
Hahahahaha! RT : You think I'm sassypants now? You shoulda met me when I was that short.
NO!!!! Jimmy protested
you know they do free yoga classes there sometimes (maybe monthly)? I think that would be incredible, but haven't made it yet
Douglas Crockford dropped a Lost reference in Javascript: The Good Parts. Maybe I'm late to this party, but that's freaking awesome.
lol it's cool. I'm surprised you wanted ' music since you're always judging me for it. Lol.
I know that my minds near the end, God, I hurt myself and fell I wont cry it'll be fine, I'll take my last breath Push it out my chest
Whoa! Should be fascinating. Looking forward to your dispatches.
Off topic, who can I get in contact with to assure I'll be seated with you in DC? I'll be driving up from VA.
People are funny and life is craaazzzyyy
is this the kid's band or is this an establish band from Japan?
Doormats are a gateway rug.
2 of the worst haircuts in #epl football on display now, Agger & Meireles pretty sure they can afford a decent barnet...
<U+200E>We aren't culturally relevant when we become like the world around us.We are relevant when we model what they long to become.-Bill Johnson
S/O to stay in the gym bro bring ur game to a whole different level for next season
thats like saying if the Brewers pitchers would let batters hit the ball, Yuni wouldn't make errors.
What he want
I'm excited u favourite-ed my tweet. That's never happened to me before! Hahaa
hes so creepy
- we missed you. Have you seen the video yet?
hey hun check me on YouTube sometime - juliusvevo
I almost drove into a light pole when I saw it. I wonder what the rejected names were?
UK sucks! :P
The confidence it takes to relinquish vanity is nearly unparalleled, but the reward is renewed self-respect we hadn't seen was gone.
who consumed "in quantities which would astonish the nerves of a cast-iron lamp-post, and... destroy the digestive organs of the ostrich."
Lost again :( softball just isn't my sport and Haley make everything better lol
Exploring the Moon on tonight!
Am ithe only one who jus eats the marshmallows out of the lucky charms ? o.O
Raymond Myles crosses my mind often. We went to junior high together. I hope Leo can finish the movie.
Foul-mouthed satellite DJ forced to share space w/ a perky #NPR feminist. That's the new Dane Cook NBC sitcom.
One of our girls shot a COVER today. INDUSTRY MODELS. Yes.
Today, approved a $350M loan to two #Pittsburgh exporters. Today, the #Senate decides whether to help more American
The only time I watch tv is
is having a teachers' conference to discuss and create school packages for shows. Weds 16 Feb, 4.30pm DM for details
Damn cookies.
Thurs. prob. best for me. Let's see what says.
Same voice too
Thx! RT Dined again on Thursday nite in Fountain Square. Great Thai, great time. Get there.
PSN is back up!!
North Country Brewing. Enough tweeted
Would have thought point of holding event at City Hall was making it accessible to Boston's small business community, not just VIPs
My friend said, "I'm so fat! I am the definition of obesity!" I replied, "Don't be upset, come, grab two chairs and we will talk about it."
If a hurricane leaves one good thing in it's wake, it'll be good writing. Tweet or e-mail us with your best natural disaster stories.
Think things through before you act upon them.
What a geography lesson I have learned helping to promote #iOS game! 59th country to join, do you know where Mauritius is?
Long, Long Day!!! I can't stop! Work, the gym, now music all night!
Pajama jeans... Just awesome
I guess being married for 72 days can be very stressful. Really Kim??? lol
Good morning! You're up early. :) What's up today?
breaking crayons was like my job in preschool.
hello stranger!
I wish I can drive already,so that my mom can stop being mad at me for missing my bus by accident -.- things don't always go perfect!
Thanks to all the men & women who gave their lives to protect us & provide us with the freedoms that we enjoy every day! Happy Memorial Day!
I feel the same way..
It's time again for the High Rollers Scooter Rally. Let the drunk dialing begin.
Thanks guys!
Who thinks we should print some new merch?
i play Long Sleeve Rashguard Light Blue 18 mo.
Jon Snow, baby, all the way.
I feel like we aren't succeeding, but I am enthusiastic!
Thanks so much for the retweet, Jessica!
Any progress on your move?
you did. Bonnie Raitt and Alicia Keys played "Sunday Kind of Love" as a tribute at the beginning of the show. Very nice!
I would miss my banchan too! LA has the largest Korean population outside of Korea. #krazyforkimchi Enjoy...
too busy reading, no time for tv
you took everything I've evert felt and put it on a track and it felt good to listen to. To share your pain because we
We are in need of office supplies. Is anyone getting rid of a filing cabinet, small loveseat, standing lamp, mini fridge, bookshelf, etc?
At the The Box Factory with
PROGRAM NOTE: The train carrying 'Abdu'l-Bahá crosses into Indiana. We’re back on Eastern Time.
SJ Jazz 09 press party yesterday..Spanish Harlem+Pete Escovedo All Star Band on Main Stage...Many great local artists www.sanjosejazz.org
58 days 7 hours 7 minutes until St. Patty's day!!!
Wow those temps are amazing. Enjoy.
We love #Adele too! She's gorgeous, real and amazingly talented!
(lack of selection the product of a wholesale system that is controlled by too few players, freezing out small wineries)
#transverse Perfect biergarten weather!
The price of greatness is responsibility. ~ W. Churchill
How long should you wait before you move in with someone new you are dating?
Chocolate Chip. (delicious) Thanks, dude. :)
Well, it's 1 a.m. Better go home and spend some quality time with the kids.
lol. Just had to get one more Changs deuce moment in!
We had a great event in the Statehouse celebrating teachers for National Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks for all you do, teachers!
OH man this NY GB game is crazy close, we know its going into overtime with 58sec..
Welcome to December. Wasn't in just January the other day?
"I don't pretend to be captain weird. I just do what I do." (Johnny Depp) That explains a lot.
going hard on your tweet game bro
I'm a journalist interested in learning more about Coney Island businesses. Would you be willing to talk?
Take nothing but pictures. Leave nothing but footprints. Kill nothing but time. ~Motto of the Baltimore Grotto, a caving society
halfway through the year, it's crazy. Almost break!
I'm a proud 4!
“My health may fail, and my spirit may grow weak, but God remains the strength of my heart; he is mine forever.” Psalms 73:26
I can hook you guys up if you still need a camera
President Obama’s 51st birthday is coming up. If you’re thinking about getting him something, he could use about $14 trillion.,
he wrote it down
Pick 27: My Full Moon is Square by Elinor Pinczes - Topic: Simple Math Equations
This is ridiculous. Come on grizz!
Good morning twitter<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
To be a great leader and so always master of the situation, one must of necessity have been a great thinker in action
I'll probably stick to comedy for the time being
Stan continued: since Cup the only truly good move was Stalberg. Maybe, the Hayes trade. I know salary dumping was the main goal, but. . .
it's all good fam
I just voted in New York for the French elections. And you should too, if you can.
You haz choice between hipster music festival or x convention.
Happy Monday everybody. Make sure you are on the correct week in your agenda and have a great week.
I have it through cable. Best part is that they show replays. It still goes back through November.
Thanks for the RT Crystal! Have a great week
A parking ticket, a receipt, a label, anything that will tie down a particular date in our history is valuable to me. Sam.
damn I wuz @ MotorCity Friday!!Dice wasn't nice doe....broke even!!
gang we've been haked... and i don't have the time or funds to find a fix. Anyone who can help with wordpress, contact ! plz!
Lol Thank u, I speak the truth :)
Know where the Lend- Lease Monument in Fairbanks, Alaska is? Good, 'cause it's the site of 1 of the Museum Day (May 28th) Trivia Questions.
If they blow this off, I will leave the Democrat Party, and become an Independent!!!!
Gave talk about ethical consumption @ girls' prep school & touring classes thru exhibit of Haitian metal art in gallery. This is fun part.
Got my pigs in a blanket early this morning & woke up satisfied. Yum!
Sammy found an awesome local band check out the sweeps
Tired of having dry, frizzy, dull, and/or damaged hair? A Keratin Treatment can be a GREAT solution for your hair. Ask one of our stylists!!
what was the last movie you saw in theatres?
I wish would tweet me... I haven't talked to him in a while
Before retiring from USN I lived behind the Cherryville shop on Old Post Lane
I'm sure that's against some sort of international arms control treaty.
Tomorrow you are invited to my live chat on Taoist Herbs.
happy birthday to the best bro I know!!!
YES....By the way, You need to bring the squirrel back from your tampa days!!
Listening to one less lonely girl
After this long i still get butterflys when i talk to you .
Oh baby you got what I need but you say im just a friend
Here's a tough question for ya -- Which do you prefer: White American, Provolone or Jalapeno Nacho Cheese for your Cheesesteak?
You hungry? We're open for delivery!
Wednesday & it's Taste of a Grape&Groove $5.00 Wine by the glass from 4-7pm. & VALERIE ADAMS & THE DIMENSION BAND from 6-10pm
haha she likes the one with the cast
W T F games tho ?
#onlyskinnyppl sag tight ass Levi's
Busy day here at work, can't wait to get out and enjoy the #MLBPlayoffs and some $1 #bartab drinks!
Very happy you got your letter evanna!! Pottermore has yet to give me mine. Oh pottermore...
Man, MN ticket holders have been thro a lot with the Vikes and #Twins cancelled games due to weather.
Add will ferral he's funny
the more that you read, the more you will know / the more that u learn, the more places you'll go! --Dr. Seuss
Please let me know if you have an artwork for digitizing or vector arts. Special prices for Left chest and cap logos available.
Other religions claim Jesus passed out on the cross. Study the history of crucifixion you will see there is no way you can survive it.
Spring break!
I'm totally in the market for a tasty milkshake. the only question is from where? there's a sonic close.. but there's also UDF.
"My memory is so bad" "How bad is it" "How bad is what?"
thanks for the tweet ^_^
I knew you would appreciate the look.
but none for the BDC meetings
i have non-obvious dimples on my cheeks. hais, whats the pint?haha ;p
Man She Boring Im Bout To Kick Her Ass Out.
Thunder rattling windows
enjoying #HawaiianDinner dance
Yo find a way and contact me asap
followed you turn
aw wee cutie!
Laying down just made my men dinner....
RT : VIDEO: Today's preview re: new #Downtown Business Incubator that will help bring new biz to SD & create jobs....
In 10 minutes, a hurricane releases more energy than all of the world's nuclear weapons combined.
I want to get sunburned today. Like an infant.
Hey, the least he can do at this point is entertain you.
you 2 look alike.
support me and my team Propane gang album release Friday! First 100 free!!!!!
just because you didn't mean to do it ,doesn't mean it doesn't hurt it ....
i miss you too :c
Thank you so much for posting this valuable information which is helping us make some travel decisions.
I'd have to agree! RT : A #Cancer is an amazing cooker. So definately expect delicious home cooked meals!
“Character is made by many acts, but it can be destroyed by a single one
Sleep is running so far ahead of me
11 S. Fla. Arrests In Largest Pharmaceutical Heist In History
physics lab last semester with your best friends from pi phi. Just thought about it and crackin up. Move along haha
Taylor F. Invited Me But. Idkk
i wasnt in school yesturday an i left an 9:45 today
Tweeting from Caltrain! Ooh how I've missed u!
I just found a box of American made Dixon Ticonderogas (1388-2 5/10 F) in the office!
Sounds amazing! Gotta check it out.
Your greatest asset is yourself. Treat it like a billion dollar investment.
well them girls kept taking my shirt off - right....it was the girls
Steve Jobs' legacy includes:
guessin u wanna c mines ;) lol u name it shotta
I LOVE YOU!!!!!!<U+2764><U+2764> I HOPE YOU SEE THIS AND KNOW THAT I LOVE YOU!!<U+2764><U+2764><U+263A>
Please welcome Joey_cuba to the Max life
lol. Former player, coach, amateur historian.
Lil Niqo television love 106 n park go check that out now
im great just here in twitter tired
They hit Africa, Italy, Normandy, Nijmegen, the Bulge, the Hurtgen and liberated Wobbelin. My dad was a corporal in the unit, too.
OMG i am listening to #backseat by so freaking awesome
There is truly nothing like a Huey burger.
We hope so too!
Bobby Valentine is allowed to talk about Fight Club.
yep. 2 back to back ko's
sure! In up for planning!
incredibly jealous better see some pics when I wake up!
Just because you can filter a picture doesn't mean you have to.
Exactly. I'm looking for a theatre or dance rehearsal space that's lovely & would love to hear recommendations.
they wouldn't would they??
Bartender loves me and she keeps taking shots with us!
Great new Google+ feature: Makes mac & cheese for the kids and runs out for Primos in time for the ballgame.
Clocked out of work just in time to see my clock spring forward. Sunday morning is going to hurt a little at
Anybody want my tickets? First pitch, 1:05 p.m..
ah right yes sorry :p. And what that sucks x
$alute,thank you bro! You helped add wings to my dream.
Avenger casting call in Cleveland this past Saturday was interesting- love cattle call madness, always entertaining :)
Yeah I think about you from time to time... but that's only because my mind... wonders... ^_^ - Kiera C
Sour gummy worms
Hi FeNa! It was great to meet you in Jan as well. Loving the colors on the new spring spring/summer collection!
<U+200E>"That's the kinda FOOD I was lookin' FO' - & yes it'll get SNACKED if you COOKIN' - HO !!" *Nicki Minaj voice*
The meetings are the first Thursdays of the month-- next one is in April
I agree. It's just his family trying to get media attention and blame cops for him running from them.
hEY mARCY - WE WERE TALKING ABOUT U LAST NIGHT!
The new iPad has a better screen resolution than any TV at NASA
beauty isn't everything sorry.
We had a great meeting with Rep. Mark White. We are so glad to have him as a supporter of Voices for Memphis' Children.
To whoever just stole my 4-year-olds skis - you suck.
This show is so shallow it belongs on MTV
Last night I made 's Top 5 list of girls that are good at drinking. Not sure if I should be proud or on my way to an AA meeting...
I like her..not too hard in adam
dang! just saw this. Thanks for the invite!
Nah, jean jacket with the sleeves cut. Put the pressure on 'em just when they think that I eased up.
Yo, Amrit! Did you ever go to the dandh-doctor?
": Some #women need to learn dat some niggas just want to hit #TRUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU"
I miss ya too
Happy #GoodFriday everyone! So grateful for this Easter weekend.
Anyone going to seminar K: The OCLC Research Survey, please tweet up or blog and let me know where to find it! I'm going to Germantown # ...
I had the best do-nothing birthday ever. I did lots of stuff but none of it was anything
r u da official chloe?
Hey Melissa, could you DM me your email address? The all-girl team has a pitch for you! Thanks for all you do.
*happy snoopy dance*
Sad to see the Silver Dragon shut down, a family tradition to eat there pre thanksgiving.
You don't have to signal at a roundabout but you should always yield.
Water main break in Bernalillo forcing schools to close at 10am. Busses will run to p/u kids
I struck out Austin Jackson.
You are the fakest girl I have ever met!! #subtweet #hetoldme <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
It's great to be in my current company's employ
yes its very possible you saw him.. I need to see the movie again to gather my thoughts..so different from the book
This time before you bail me out, make sure you handcuff me.
thank you so much!!
Don't worry- all you're losing is a little mascara...
Anybody follow anyone funny and worth following??
Happy hump day
"Ross, a 34-year old real estate agent is suspected to be searching the private property of another woman" God, I love Cheaters. LOL!
my mom just told me she was going to her boyfriends.. aka her chiropractor
Have a great day luv! Love you much!
Im mad people walk through the train with no shoes on. Disgusting
the last place I had in Boston had a real FUSE BOX instead of a circuit breaker. Those old glass ones!!
It's #WineWednesday! What #NZ wine is everyone drinking today?
and that Chancellor must have never spent time at a serious liberal arts institution where teaching really matters
Hello , I'll be watching #Raw wouldn't miss it. :-)
Woof me too.... lol txt me bruh(:
If you rlly love me heres what ill doo ill take care of u.. No -.- if you RESPECCTTT me heres wut ill doo ill take care youu my words!
Amazing performance by at the Guthrie concert.
The Silk Tie likes Corrie!
Hahah that was a close call...more like callS cause for some reason we didn't stop after the first time?!!?! ahha
Damn!! I miss Field Mob. Dem dudes had sum classic records.
Good point, but surely there are many instances of that given the scope of mismanagement.
Purse Chronicles tonight! Come see what she carries in HER purse, sip on some wine and enjoy this FUN movie! See you tonight!
I'm samoan. I don't lose fights ever. Don't care if she's got a fleet of tanks
Don't forget to make your appt for Spa Week !
": Drivers ed...." Aww ur finally growing up
i was there to the left !!! ^.^ my first time i saw you in person iLove you! <U+2665><U+2665>'
A human system only supports conclusions that it arrives at. Participatory is initially harder, but ultimately more effective.
Stay tuned for julissacarmona.com website and see a photo of director Julissa Carmona with Guillermo Del Toro.
Michael O'Malley just used plain language to explain how eugenics was so prevalent and whiteness was so ambiguous.
nice tool
First I missed selena gomez and now im going to miss cody simpson... This just isnt my week..
You fucking creeper!!!!
CRISP is the place to be!
i am serious <U+2665>
I'd have to concur. Ann is a lady of simple tastes, simple moves. Maybe she needs a partner?RT : Ann keeps it simple!
whose making a big trade up tonight in the
I just fixed the garage door opener all by myself! WooHoo! How great is that?
Omg, I love old films. They bring so many memories and you can see how technology has evolved in the past years.
#NP OKC vs LAL game 1 by Twenty Nine Points RT #NP Born and Raised by John Mayer
lemme hear dem words ever come out that mouf again
If you can't convince them, confuse them. -- Harry S. Truman
#SaySomethingNiceAboutObama: He kind of looks like Herman Cain.
Just caught call of Humber's perfecto. Young b'casters take note - great balance of info and then let pic do the talking.
im out
We are AmeriCANS, not AmeriCAN'TS RT everything fails until it succeeds = stay active encouraging
Bands like Skillet are for dudes that will never be metal. You can't kill the metal. The metal will live on.
Highly pissed & irritated
J, you've got to sell me on Great World Spin. Sure I'd love it, I loved everything I read about it, but I lost steam about 50 pgs in
Feel really sick :/
Hey you! Didn't realize you were on. How r u?
Thank you for all the sweet notes, Lynda bird! x
The Home-Based Business Show January 7, 2011...How to Name Your Home-Based Business so it Works For You! 9:00am pst Variety Channel www.…
Today was pretty good
YEAH!!! RT : Promotions Without Raises? What's Up With That?
hope ur having a blessed day
chris Jericho needs to retire or better yet fired cause he sucks
Just landed in Tampa, family and all, for Sensemakers Seminar 2010. Temp is 90!
When my boyfriend plays with my hair until I fall asleep >>>>>>>
Portland woman wrangles wayward ducklings near 10th & Morrison. New on the #KGWNightTeam 11pm
i LOVE public transportation.
Michigan with a pair of insurance runs in the seventh now lead UW 7-4 with 1 out. Pitching change. Starter Amanda Najdek now back in.
The only thing worse than today's 90-minute sexual harrassment training is whatever that poor lawyer must have done to be assigned to run it
Thanks for the RT! Glad you like the newsletter!
joravben will be live-tweeting the snowball fight. Try telling him not to.
Having #mothersday dinner at Chai Asian Bistro. First time we've been here in a long time. The dudes love it! So do my #mom & I.
definitely know how that goes. Well, even being the single rep from Chicago is pretty Dang cool. Good work dudes.
I can use a back rub. My back hurt
'burning your chooka in da hot tub, #meatballproblem ' I just love me some #jerseyshore :)
ik me smart (;
Whoa... take it easy there. No need to kill yourself in the first week.
LOL. Some of you gays...smh.
This Saturday we invade to film our Out and About segment for July 20th taping. Brush up on your fun summer songs!
Hi Keegan, it's Peter :) We'd love for you to be a sponsor! Perhaps the firkin tasting tent....
Hey just letting you know your account is hacked because I keep getting spam DMs from you
. Hey, congrats on your forthcoming AN UNEXPECTED GUEST (April 2012, y'all)
General Strike tomorrow, Wednesday November 2nd - Take back your Democracy, end Corporate control.
RT : Is everyone awake and ready for day two of #gpacacmoacac12?
Thanks for a beautiful performance at the this afternoon! Bravo!
Not really looking forward to mothers day. Cause really, how is it about the mom. It is just another ordinary day to me, with my kids.
Why are hosts and announcers always a male-female pair? #equality?
This also works: so much is happening and so little is going on.
Get your TAN ON and BE PARTY READY! *SPECIAL TODAY for EVERYONE* Buy 5 Mystic Tans, and get 5 FREE!!!
ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND? . . . Oh, ok never mind.
Milestone! We just gaveaway our 10,000th free bumper sticker!
like in your sleep or something?
I hope you guys are enjoying your February vacation! x
you're too good to me. Super violent bear hug to your head. Thank you.
Me and Kevin are a lost cause LOL. On my one day off his ass is going to sleep when I'm waking up.
We should see the assignment that God gives us like food. We get energized and power when we live out our purpose.
Dane County Coalition to Reduce #alcoholabuse is TONIGHT! Join us as we prioritize new goals - event hashtag:
I bet she makes good enchalidas
i dont care how white/elitist/privileged it makes me sound, but when Best Buy puts stickers on blu-ray sleeves & the glue ruins it
In his spare time, Patrick Dempsey is a sports car racer and has participated in both the Indianapolis and Daytona Beach races.
I'm scared of everything. I'm scared of what I saw. I'm scared of what I did, of who I am.
just noticed that last post.. Jealous!! Haha..
Yeah but I dont think I would pay 30 bucks to be grinded on by 16 year olds haha
Who's ready for a summer road trip ???
ugh about time <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Fuck!!!!(I love u honey)
What if it's a salesperson? Or Jehovah's Witness?
Hahahahaha!!! Omg I wanted too! You have no idea!
Education is what U get from reading the fine print. Experience is what U get from not reading it.
We are most satisfied when God is most glorified in the exercise of what we were made to do.
I can give you 25 reasons why im really in love with you..
I'm with you on a lot of issues, but you're way off the mark with #PIPA. The vitality of the Internet is too important to risk.
very interested in your speaking workshops. any in Southern California?
-he deserve me; he been putting in time; he deserve me..
#nowfollowing How many teens love #shoes???
Cowboy vs. Aliens day hail yay!!!!!
and I'm talking bout a professional job, not cutting grass or some other landscaping job
what ever maby i should unfallow you if you keep talking to me like that faggot
When love is not just a few years, according to minutes of the meeting.
My tl won't load! :(
Senate Dems' bill? It passed 89-10. Mr. Speaker, pls quit spouting partisan political pablum & put country 1st.
It's fall at The — leather and suede booties galore.
That would be awkward! Lmao. *slowly turn and walk away*
Umm hello? Can we get the party started (:
Great day, had a barbecue at Devon's. Listened to sublime the whole time too.
- Yo Tony! Thanks, man! I look forward to making more cool stuff with you.
Now just moments away from the start for race 2. Let's see how our guys do this round.
RT You know we smoking on KESHIA !!
Servicemembers Committing Tax Refunds To Improve Family Finances, First Command Reports
I really had faith in the cavs tonight
obsessed. Good remix though.
Hey more week!!! You ready for #GirlsWeekend !!!
“: good morning! make it a great day!” good morning early riser!
Remember spending our 2010 Ides of March touring the Globe theater?
ask how big it is, she loved it ;)
I was expecting to see one person I know
Im kinda flattered that haters are spending their time making TT's for us. It makes me feel special :D
Today we're visiting Artists Repertory Theatre in downtown Portland to plan for summer event there.... Woohooop! More details soon...
probably! They sound amazing.
Ok if you see this tweet,RT it(:
If you have not checked out #TheFab5, you really need to see it! One of the best #ESPNFilms ever!
hey what up
You dont have to pick one... you ca pick more than 1
Calling historians! Look for Joel Wurl and other officers this weekend @ NEH Table @ #AHA2011. Pick up info at NEH table.
Does Internet Explorer fail to display your JPEG and you're going crazy? Check: is it in CMKY color space?!!
dude you are too hilarious...
Proud Mom moment...son Hunter scores 2 goals and had 2 assists today!
evening Marc
Thanks dear! Same to you! Allergies killing me out here.
Given the Caps' recent history with Game 7s, you should be fine!
la vie est un art
Sort of like Mitt saying he saved Detroit is designed to get votes?
happy mothers day!<U+2665>
Cupcake and #food #vendors...want great exposure at a high profile #American #Heart #Association #fundraiser fashion show?
If I correctly, you went to see the DADT SCOUT hearing, right? Any chance you could give me pointers on *actually* getting in?
what does that mean? btw a little jealous over here.
happy late/early birthday
YOUTUBE AFFICIAL GORILLA POSSE SUBSCRIBE TO OUR PAGE
lol...she 's famous ...if i had game like Chris Brown then yea...but mt game wouldn't get her to budge
oh man! he should have! But that couple paid hundreds to mug down while jokes..let them be. :)
im a aunt my little neice was just born her name Olivia
I still would like to go to NMMI. Who wants to give me $11,000 for tuition?
RT Note to restauranteurs: girls carry lots clutches these days. hook on the stall door doesn't hold said clutch
Hey! :) I just met you! And this is crazy! But here's my number! So call me maybe?
Warm up with a bottle of red wine! All bottles of wine are $20 TONIGHT!
Our office will be closed Monday, May 30th. Those off to #NAFSA11 we'll see you there! Everyone else have a wonderful Memorial Day weekend.
Of course, big lips need a big schtick ;) RT : Revlon Chubby Stick? WTH? Because size matters for lipstick?
Who's got their #NYE Tickets? We are Selling OUT! Get tickets gift shop. #StaceyQ and #MJ Star will be here live!
Sorry we have been a little MIA working on getting our new site launched! www.worldchampionfans.com w/ blogs, contests coming soon!
Hello Zayd, yes we are near New York City. Where are you little rider?
why isn't Phillip Phillps in any music videos?!?!?! :3
so frickin tired. but happy new years!! :) i hope you enjoyed your 2011
Feel like im winnin right now cause i got following me, good mornin ladies
YOLO.......... GAY. Shut the fuck up and die. I'm glad you only live once. Some people deserve less than once. #truth day
I bought CDs today. In a record store. It was like the 90s again. Good times.
Drop everything now , Meet me in the pouring rain , Kiss Me on the sidewalk take away the pain<U+2665>
i just followed u will u follow me back? :)
To all my clients: THX for a great year! Best wishes for greater success in 2012. See you on the flip.
especially if you come correct with one of those aftermarket giant hood ornaments
Why is it every time I sign in, I forget my password. -__- It's not even complicated! >_<
Up Early dog walking, fell back to sleep, had weirdest dream. Walking PolkaSpot and my Yorkie was holding leash.
Publishers today moan ebooks are killing them, but what killed the ones 90 years ago when Hemmingway was writing? (1/2)
Hi there - thanks for following Better Wine Guide! I hope your harvest went (or will go) well!
Adele has the cutest British accent of all time..
RT : Appreciate your help with annual meeting yesterday! You provided some great products!
nope. I won't be at buff state next semester, but if have any English class crisis, let me know, and I'll see if I can help.
Living life. That's why I love her
not sure.. What her name was
I don't relive in signs, but I do believe in fuck me eyes
Still in a daze after seeing #radiohead have dinner at Uchi in Austin last night!
woop woop!! I'm so ready for this weekend!!! were gonna have so much fun
Thank you!
You were awesome man. Shake the museum world up!
cookies and twitter always make it better.my day is going smoother cuz of twitter.its been a rough 2 days.monday will b worse
check my YouTube!
“: : : Dmac then traded to another family for draft picks” they only got a 6th in return .... Shhhh poor Dmac
Acting class went well last night at GJC Talent.
you aren't the only one.
What's good twitter mofos. My phone has been retarded 4 a bit
Good morning folks! :)
Sketch the idea on a bar napkin then choose the stock using a Neenah Cabinet app from Handy!
Fine, eat your pizza...smile all you want fucker, I'm not dancing with you when you'r done.
Mama dearest and brother bear heading out to the homeland for a month! Have a good vacay, you deserve it. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00BA><U+2708>
Sittin outside watchin the storm come in with the bestfriend! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+270C><U+263A>
yes ma'am =) so I'll be in orlando a lot more
The Alan Parsons Science Project
F yeah!
NP thanks for offering it up
Our pleasure.
Does Trent Richardson's pops have braids and a grill? Wow!
England's gardening shows got me through 2003.
I'm mostly one of 'those ppl' normally but having ears covered while eating just weirds me out, I dunno why exactly?
ive been trying to do this take home test for over an hour.. but twitter and tumblr are way better than history
Q5: I'm more a last minute creator unless I know I have company coming over.
#thatawkwardmoment when your sitting next to and listening to Sexy and I know it and humping the air!
Q2 I hope to be smiling more about my discipline and health
Most Welcome Lady MarciMichelle ..
(cont.) or if people could order delivery from concession stand right to their seat. It's an amenity that's worth an extra fee
But I'm only 31!
LeBron woulda ran him outta town RT Mike Brown benching Laker every game; where was tough love approach few yrs ago (in CLE)?
Please RT today is my cuzins bday and u will make it her best bday ever if u RT so RT?
yezh u r n yes i do
'Limelight' - From the creators of Cocaine Cowboys - In Theatres September 23rd ...Interesting
Just sent an invitation to my closest face-friends to Thursday's party at Harrison's.
you wish
what's ur email or contact? I need someway to get in contact with you where u will answer fast?
MORNING TWEETS
Happy International Women's Day :)
now, no tech, does that also include no TV? gluck!
Kevin, can I bring a stroller into Coors Field? #newdad #RockiesTweet20, BTW, I like the new purple crosswalks at 20th and Blake
On my way to #semtech expo. Looking forward to running into old colleagues and friends!
what did they say? I won't judge u !! Ever..
You're allowed to travel if you're name starts with a K...and ends with an OBE.
I am hoping for a miracle but I have a feeling that I may be helping you end your losing streak.
I'm way too nice to people
Hey Michael we know security shield is a nasty virus. If you need some expert tweeps who can remove security shield give us a call.
I think he is the one who see the problem and says something.
Man, let me put this bong away.
Creativity = Previously Unrelated Idea 01 + Previously Unrelated Idea 02
"A sure way to lose happiness, I found, is to want it at the expense of everything else." - Bette Davis.
Thank you, !
Good to be back on Twitter. I appreciate everyone still following me and mentioning me. I am in the process of catching up on my follows.
I eye itch so bad
#Incollege people change
Let me know if you do. Would be a perfect post for Insider. :-)
Yes!Exciting."The marquee is visible for 1/2mi in many directions"=serious exposure for artists.I'll be @ the recept next Weds!
If you're a film fan, esp. if you have ties to the Detroit area, please follow my friend Joyce Wu, Please RT.
is it wrong I'm in class learning about eating disorders and all I can think about is how hungry I am?
Friday Night PARTY! Ashlynn Brooke signing X DVDs! Come join the fun!
Meeting 2 labor attorneys Monday. Thinking I should represent myself, as they first told me I didn't have a case until I cited law to them.
Apologies in advance to followers -- I'm tuning in to the chat on health blogging. Starts in a few min. at 3.
Good workout to get my mind off of things... working out at 7 tomorrow morning then hitting the links.
holy crap I just saw Jordan came over for your birthday that's freaking amazing! I don't know how youre handling it all hehe :)
Yannis Pantazis, a flautist from Santorini, Greece arrives today for recording in the studio and kick starting the launch of iHanuman Music!
They say time is money, i guess im spending minutes.
Can't believe my baseball season is almost over #<U+E403>
Shabazz wants to be a superstar, and he already is. He'll just do it on a very mediocre stage in college.
Happy Friday!
I like skittles cause they make me shit rainbows...
“: Cross the line if you hate texting people first.”
I just want to let her kno
#UFC break. No way Garcia makes it to round 3.
Wordpress101 If you don't know what you're doing stay away from the editor
Two little girls asking their Dad which of their American Girl Dolls is prettier. Hes saying they are equally pretty. Ties are for punks.
Awh! Got a twitter!!!it's about time (: #FollowHer #bffauobbooaw haha :p
I dont know man, wangsters arent that cool in my opinion.. O.o
please #FollowMeAlexConsancio . I love you ! (: Your amazing
Just broke a sweat trying to buy my über-sophisticated 8-year-old sister some jewelry. I worry my tastes are not haute enough for her...
Just reading "involves whale noises" made me laugh.
Then tonight another friend has shotgun cocked & aimed @ his head smh
sometimes i send my brothers letters in the mail written entirely in spanish and then sign w/ "crack the code. love, sar" heh heh heh :)
Come visit us for lunch today! We have delicious burgers, salads, all your favorites!
She isn't in town after Wensday. :(
Half way done with the career conference & will be back in school for about half a class
For you...I won't be moved.
“And my God will meet all your needs according to His glorious riches in Christ Jesus.” Phil 4:19
It's a day for all things #Irish and #Green. Thanks Patrick for your help with twitter. A toast to you & all lucky enough to be Irish.
each rotation will burn approx 1/4 of a calorie. Times two eyes that is a half calorie per rotation.
PSC’s cost-benefit test unfairly penalizes renewables
Jesus I hate George Lopez.
This Celtics and 76ers game is getting to intense
I want to hear Phil and Ray for every game, let alone every final
Didn't realize how much I missed painting for fun
Tune in to a new season #INSIDETHENFL to get exclusive coverage and hard-hitting action, TONIGHT at 9 PM ET only on
Say somethin' if your feeling the vibe Say somethin' baby don't be so shy Say somethin' cause youre all in my head like Oh oh oh yeah
With my bitch
Find happiness in chaos.
Did my homework.Well,enough of my homework.And I didn't finish my essay. NOW IM CLEAN!!! I used an awesome body wash, going to sleep later.
Keep it real..
Therefore, I took time out of my day, to take a selfie of myself chucking the deuces up.
i lovd nutella! in italy you can buy a 10 pound jar :B
#ff DAT DUDE who is gonna welcome Andrew Luck to the NFL
thug life!
Crazy Mary will be in the stuidio today making music history
": Thanks for watching #60Minutes. Join us next Sunday for a special tribute to Mike Wallace." RIP Mike. What a guy.
Biking,running,boot camp,monkey bars,catch,walking, perhaps
please tell some to follow
Succeeding is not really a life experience that does that much good. Failing is a much more... enlightening experience. - Michael Eisner
You're welcome - hope you're having a good weekend so far :-)
This Seattle rain got you down? Come indoors for books, beer and talented writers APRIL#rectoverso festival today, 10-4. $5.
Dental Care: No snacks less than one hour before bedtime.
UPCOMING SHOWS: JULY 1 MAKING A APPEARANCE AT FORT HAMILTON IN BROOKLYN NY
sorry! Didn't realize. Life is very good. How about yours?
"Daddy, DJ Lance is a big deal." —My 5yo
The opposite of the religious fanatic is not the fanatical atheist but the gentle cynic who cares not whether there is a god or not.
Strong lives are motivated by dynamic purposes. Kenneth Hildebrand
"This is what I never allow myself o need. And of course I've been needing it all along."
they are getting married?
They who know others is wise; they who know themselves are enlightened. ~ LAO-TZU
#LMSunSIG will be holding week long hybrid training for faculty. Get a new computer and stipend.
maybe more so late January? I don't know- no pressure.
James Cameron. Rolling in the deep.
should follow me cause like... Cowbells was my favorite back then and I still love it and both of you!
Bunch of new followers over the weekend! Just want to welcome all of you to the Halfcut Family. Enjoy our always good 10% off code- "hcc10"
That is so amazing. I'm jealous right now...
give it to me baby;)
San Francisco, you are so bi-polar. Choose one type of weather and stick to it!
no problem
1ce u lose the capacity 2 be afraid of [what] held u from going after ur dreams than fear becomes finite..hope becomes infinite. -S.Pishevar
they sound amazing;)
don't make me smack you I am a grown ass man !
It's one topic about which MANY people believe the ostrich mentality works best. NOT so!!!
Lyrical prose - The Hindu
New songs on a new EP coming your way soon. We ain't no Pinocchios.
interesting. I'll have to check out their website. Thanks for the link.
i should have done homework... instead i made dinner and got on twitter...
Tonight is Island NIght.. Come in For $4.50 Margaritas and $3 Coronas all night long.
We have finished recording all the tracks on our Christmas CD! Will go on sale soon!
Foo What you doing?
It's a good stage!
Is that standard markup for David Caruso? I was unaware.
outTa ALL THe things i can call u right now i choose not to cause I dont WANNA hurt you hahaahaaa
o I love the google doodle for #Muybridge today!
yea well I love u wish the girls good luck for me and ill be cheering u guys on
Why hasn't the Net found your amazing words of wisdom? Your mind is the best kept secret! Thx 4 everything. Proud 2 no you.
Hey Dj Kris
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you run into "the one that got away" and you are no longer single :(
A5 Stay current.Read business news.Stay alert to changes in the external market in your field. Social media can help with this.
Wow. Hot potato!
Im So Fukin Irritated
for some reason The Replacements is my crappy movie of choice. keanu reeves at his finest?!
Cal will destroy O So Sad State...
Oh, sure!
*giggle* That's awesome!
Shoulda Seen The Looks On They Faces When I Pulled Up Flexing!
The fact that shutterstock.com still doesn't work in Google Chrome amazes me. If someone can give a good reason I'm all ears.
I'm w the man I luv and there is nothing like it n this universe!!!
. picked up a beer from Atwater Brewery in Detroit. She singlehandedly improved their economy by 23%.
. & I have (between us) 6 degrees; that's also the amt. of separation between us & the ability to put the WaHo menu in the holder.
thanks! pretty fun job...and cool transformation.
NBC's Today show announced UNC Chapel Hill as the Best Value (based on quality for the price) public university in the country! UVA was
“: I just talked to Kelly and he said they comein on about nine, you going homie?”yessuhhh! I want to!
Honestly so pisssed off.
if you can't beat them, join them... i LOVE game of thrones. and i feel like a big big hypocrite.
Visualising memory in digital media
Happy Birthday to you Fabulous Lady!!!!!
Come on down to in the #FireStoneDistrict for lunch, our special is mini gyros with fries and a fountain drink for $9.99!
Longshot here, come on internet work your magic. I'm looking for photos of the FORUM 303 arcade & movie mural(s) in Arlington, TX pre 1998.
Cavemen probably werent worried about kissing! RT : How'd people ever kiss each other before they invented toothpaste &brushes?
If you don't give a 100% effort, why bother
And I'm proud to be an American, where at least I know I'm free. And I won't forget the men who died, who gave that right to me. ~Lee...
My students did the wave when I walked into class today. Jealous? Yes. You are.
where is your tie Sam? Is it at thesilktie.com?
my quote <3
Not sure I follow your question.. you can DM me if you like..
Hawaii Pacific Solar Installs Conergy Solar Modules and Mounting Systems for Department of Education at Aeia High ...
bring your busted behind vehicles!! Let's get it.
hank you my followers :)
English is one of my chillest class this year . .
YOUR PHONE BETTER BLINK!
I know right..
I think I might have by a hair.. in losing my temper in sports lol
I was marinating in someone else's BO and farts. Love the treadmill. I just finished a 5.50 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
See that's why I stay to myself these kids at norcross
i like embedding universal, meaningful stdnrds in #pbl; we need systms that don't rely on hierarchy/principals to enable this work
Touchdown Warriors!!
Man, tits are awesome.
Did anyone else hear about the dude wielding a knife at Staples Center? Guess that's what happens when you force fans to watch Cavs/Clips!!
A man without ethics is a wild beast loosed upon this world. - Albert Camus
I don't let it bother me but it does make me a little sad that people have no manners or patience anymore.
Idk what to do im bored sippin on tea on my back patio. Anyone wanna txt or play draw something?
Thanks for the mention!
Someone Like you
The BodyMedia team now in B-U-tiful Santa Clara #demo12. Practicing their "6 min" pitch.Muy difficult 2explain us in 6 min.
Justin is my everything. He saved me. Im staying strong for him, no matter how hard it is. I can't Imagine myself living without that boy.
It was actually 7.3%. Still a great number! “: Over 70% of undergrads have grandparents who graduated from #uwgrad”
For politics in these times, it may be best to be a Progressive Populist with a stromg agenda for 'Buy American' & a strong national defense
Heading to the post office to mail out the final songs to be mixed for the new album! Time to start setting up release details!
As I was just saying...wait, what was I saying?
haha except its over Twitter
Just saw dude on street surprise his lady with flowers. She's got that "damn, now I gotta carry this shit around all day" look in her eyes.
holy ship!!!! I'm so bummed I'm not your partner on this one!!! #inthe90s!!!
Please check out my friend - she has a new coming-of-age novel called "Ednor Scardens" out at Amazon
"I don't consider myself wealthy." -Ann Romney, wealthy person
RT : Beer Here: Eternal Flame by Capital Brewery: Eternal Flame, a new anniversary brew from Capital Brewery and one ......
Want an electric guitar or headshots signed by ? We have what you seek!
Happy birthday and :3
I'm so anxious to start my grown up life, but I know that dream isn't going to come into light for a long time :(
I go ham at therapy but then I regret it after
Would LOVE to see him shirtless...
RIP Dick Clark.
of course! Only because its PAY DAY!!!!!!!
Much better showing on Indy's 2nd possession.
Makes sense. I'm only here to help.
:(( I wish I could have been in there with you for moral support. Like an obnoxious pageant/soccer mom :)
Wanna party with havarti?
I Cried When Jack died in Titanic! D':
okay I'll wait for the new one
LOL Bristol Palin
We'll miss u!“: After 3 great years, I am moving on from & heading back to DC. Thx to the team & our amazing clients!”
I think I want to go through the brewery tour again. It's been a few years...
Rep. wraps closing stadium arguments in House, Now Rep. Lanning up -- pitches Minn. tradition of investing in quality
Nothing better on a wed nite than and !
Its so funny watching scooter fight flies....This Guy be so focused and determined like he really fast enough to beat them up
I wish I had some bubbles n bath beads to put in this water. I So need this
Jam session on the drums tonight!
hahaha you crazy bro
Children's Earth Day Essay contest. Guidelines available inside Burgerville. good luck
haha gotcha. *waves back*
I don't want hot pockets, but I guess I'll have to settle smh
If you have a beer gut you shouldn't be walking around in a bikini top in general, but you REALLY need to leave the mall
I hits what I wanna hit!!
At work starting to feel sick. Hope I'm better for vacation
WHY MUST I BE SO YOUNG
This ol slow ol receiving a message hella late ol phone... smh
Fantastic! Thank you. We look forward to having you.
RT : Watch #Chargers take on #Raiders tonight here Extended Happy Hour Specials from 4-7pm
He's not looking good...
I miss your blog tvs :( if you didn't know already you kinds pretty amazing.. Just saying :)
I miss you so much! & letting you go was the best but stupidest decision ever. Hope your doing good(:
so I have silicone poisoning. it is affecting my heart among other things. outlook not great. dr.s r scared 2 take out the implants.
Choosing DBRD over M/S or M/M repli?
Tonight is the first night w/o his ass <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Do I really need to holler??
Klout - it is helpful as a reference, not as an authority ~
Finished up keyboard musicianship and music history. Countdown to Tuesday.
Hold it after hours at an existing auto repair shop.. and get a great instructor (that's key)!! Come on, let's do it!!
' Give me time, help me to understand yu gone be there thru watever.
Speaking of that some of those twitter acct with black folks as the icon aren't really black folks, saw a few change to real faces last year
“: I need to get Direct Tv #TimeWarner blows balls” I luv my direct tv. Packer games at home, phone, cpu
South By South West in Austin is one the most exciting festivals for up and coming bands to get discovered.
(3/3) you too do things. might even be impaired in your head.
thanks so much for the follow!!! Thanks ;-)
"Don't start nothing', won't BE nothing'." - Will Smith, MIB
eyyy.... it's #PrettyLittleLiars day today! :)) I need to watch last week's rerun
expect a loss, won't ruin mojo. I've come to learn winning on the road in the big ten is virtualy impossible against top teams
loves being single and not having to answer to anybody, doing what ya want, who ya want, when ya want!!!
suuurrrreee. Whatever you say
#20ThingsAboutMe I'm not gonna finish these because I'm lazy and need to go take a shower. <U+270C>
We have a winner! A sexy nerdy winner! Went to a BBQ last night: first question: "explain genetic determinism & free will" :)
had a little drink did we!
Jordy Hulls is the man.
Having trouble sleeping tonight?? Stop in and see us tomorrow- We have a cure for that!! ;) 17th Federal tell us you were up on twitter! :)
Finally getting to see Where the Wild Things Are. Stoked.
Exploring new heights and it feels so right #makinmoves!
's talk was a beautifully elegant and heartfelt conclusion to my #gdc. Thank you.
Where do you think the most unusual place for a tattoo is??
Try modeling, because you honestly can't "sing" without auto-tune.
Aiming to kick ass on a test = missing the point of the test. Don't want to be #1 on a test but not on what it measures
#edshow RACHEL at MSNBC comes down with the MADDOW DISEASE for which there IS NO known cure.
don't be sad, be happy kiddo.
The #dollarcostaveraging strategy helps you buy more shares of #stocks and #mutualfunds when prices fall, and fewer shares as prices rise
you are adorable!
1-800-Printing is in New York& Looking for Printing Salespeople to sell our Amazing Quality Printing Marketing Material! HELP WANTED
brushing the boys teeth as they get ready to leave and hunt for easter eggs at their school...
weird how we aren't friends anymore
really don't want to go to a 3 hour long practice at school today. it's gonna suck cuz i feel like crap
So you just go be cheatin on me our whole marriage ?? !!!! lol
Give Jordan any Kobe Center or Pf in his career and Jordan would have more than 6 Rings thats all im sayin
Competed in The Super Spartan Race in Temecula yesterday in the Elite 9am Heat. Most challenging race yet.
Just went to see an old school Chinese herbalist doctor in Flushing. On a hot, sticky Korean bus back to Chinatown.
From the death of Jesus on the Cross to the failings of man, the devil always celebrates too early.
Thx for all those who came out on Friday. Augie had some great insights to share about fundraising. We'll be posting a blog recap soon!
your welcome! :)
hate does not blind you, but i know you dont see the bigger picture, but wait, you will someday.
You better! :-) RT Rt "I'm taking the day off." Can I join?
Hi to all the new followers! excited to follow you and learn from you!
just to tell u i have a GF (so please dont flirt with me, not trying to be mean just saying ) :)
My consciousness is very very very very bad right now. It's a place! A Merilu Henner place where my son is in a boot and has to poop!
Attending Mayor Villaraigosa's 2012 State of the City Address at Paramount Studios.
maybe next time ;)
Check out ! They have an awesome project that they are working on setting up!
expect an email soon thanks!
i want a slushie from sonic.
wait that was so weird I literally jsut logged back on a sec ago bc i finished my hw and than u tweeted mee haha and sure
New school year is a perfect time to share your favorite music. Tell your friends to check us out at myspace.com/morelikethemovies
Bring it on, sister!
Ah, okay. Unfriend her NOW! ;)
Name dropping by sales people is my favorite thing
loved seeing you too. What can I say, we are geeky, but at least we are pretty geeks. :)
Wait, I thought we had real journalists on the xffl beat. Like finding out there's no santa.
You can be my super boo <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB>
Cannot wait to help out with the CHS Fashion Show tomorrow :)
While all you guys are listening to #IWillAlwaysLoveYou I'm getting my underwear dance on to I Wanna Dance With Somebody.
Seriously. If I were more coordinated, there would be backflips.
Thursday @ #ECHELON3000 #HouseParty live!! Ladies [FREE all night]
“: Packers fans.... Best fans in the league...Period” <--can't wait to celebrate when 85 put the whole team on his back, doe!!
On the whole, my impression is that mercy bears richer fruits than any other attribute. p 62 of Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches
What an awful possession. Is it "Meta World Black Hole" tonight?
Then walking around chinatown and north beach, sf... What a day!!
I wanna piercing...again!
Had a great time at last week...6 sessions in 5 days! Great job , Dennis Gruenling and Michael Bram...stay tuned!
Hill is my sleeper pick. Love his potential
Even though I know, I don't wanna know. Yea I guess I know.. I just hate how it sounds.
Likewise! Looking forward to getting to know you!
He'll be fine then, except for the fact that he's napping with FAKE STUFFED ANIMALS!!
#IGetJealousOf pretty girls.
you're my EVERYTHING.
- Hello!..I'm back with a new name!
Looking for a READY PLAYER ONE readalike? Check out EREBOS. Perfect for gamer teens.
baby seal
If you’re just tuning in, we’re giving away 5 books today! RT relevant tweets from and you’ll be entered to win
All access controls are predicated on identity
Nope sorry its false :))
send me bitch send me lol
Covered. Protected. Secured.
hell nah i love it in the heights. i went to florida durring winter break and that shit sucks as
thanks for the. Update!!!!! You are awesome keep making bmore proud!!
we disagree. Still love ya though!
I followed you
Amazingly cruel. Human beings---have we learned yet?
Tigers are VERY desperate for more arms in the 'pen.
it wouldn't :L you can if you want tho
So glad to see 's tweets from #womencycling at #NBS12, AND our own Marla Streb is on the panel!
Yes mommy I will LOL. Just hopefully trains will show up whne I'm not driving because if driving it could be a problem
Beautiful day, Ron!
Social Media is all about connecting with people.
#SugarShane is so old & slow live feed looks like instant replay!
just want at share a joke from my 9 year old. What soccer play would you not want to play with? Jimmy Fouling.
Peanut Butter Multi-grain Cheerios... Where have you been all my life?! No, seriously. Leave me and you'll have a stalker ex.
I'm sorry to any Kanye west fans. But his part in mercy is garbage.
you won't be disappointed. They are definitely two gems on the May schedule.
no doubt no doubt
Oh man...sorry! I should have said an anonymous IndyCar source close to the situation is makin' jokes. My bad.
If Scott Fujita's 3-game suspension is upheld, Chris Gocong would likely move to SLB, with Kaluka Maiava a likely option at WLB.
Need art supplies? Venus Studio Art Supply(Palm Desert) now on board offering 15% OFF!
I couldn't do it without the help of !
I love you,good morning my love<U+2665>
dang... Busted! Lol .. It's one of two books I bought while in Redding. The weekend I told you abt my "freeze!"
I've met him. Cool cat...
I can help. My Assistant is in school Tues, til 130p. Difficult til we get more help. In the meantime, stop by, we'll chat.
any desire I ever had to take a cruise is now gone.
just made s'mores for, what was supposed to be, 2 coworkers... and you all better keep it quiet next time...
The new Ressee's Puffs commercial tries WAY too hard..
stuff they want to work on via forms or whatever. Others have their managers speak directly to them on a weekly or monthly basis
Sweet! Or when I'm in LA!
loves princeton!
Rise and shine!
oh i see im doing some hw right now. ill hit u up later
is at work in the studio of Estereo Latino 102.9 with the live broadcast from Rodeo Disco in Houston, Tx!
Superior dance skills?
Aww got an email from a college admissions director saying my essay made her cry because it reminded her of something she went through<//3
Handbook of Social Media Marketing: Five Principles of Online and Social Network Interactivity Reviews
RT : I am incredibly honored to announce that I'm about to launch a project with ! Starts Friday. Stay tuned! RT?
Shhh I'm watching the Pacers do work.
Tip for the day: Unless otherwise agreed, the maximum deposit a landlord can only charge is 1.5 times the rent as a deposit.
hey #NewOrleans I know its S Louisiana and its summer and rain is expected but come on, I'd like to move around a bit today.
lol. I'm gonna go sleep it off
When people randomly stop texting you<<<< 1StepAtATime<3
mono makes me tired
"the real world really has it's up and down"...
Stand apart from the crowd
RT : Superman wears Dos Equis pajamas to bed
Can you put butt on unrated perez? In case you missed Joan knows best: *Thong *bubble *wowsa!
Just remember that your not my girl.
Nearly one in five U.S. Internet users ages 25 to 34 use Twitter. Why do you use Twitter?
might just be my anti-Barca bias, but it looked soft to me. No sound in bar & for a sec had slight hope Messi saw yellow for dive
LUCIANA Performing LIVE at WET NIGHTCLUB this Saturday for info call or text 915-449-2066 performing her hit song I LIKE THAT
Preparing for 3 Events this week! 15 Year Anniversary, Wedding Reception and a Baby Shower! We're Excited!!
Is this a live stream? or a clip?
I only follow my friends lol. And they're all boring as fuck LOL.
I leave on saturday Morning, will be around Friday Night.
Fuck. Got my tag reported fully again. >>
Love how I got 9 hours of sleep
You are our go-to pizza from now on! admitted to losing our order after 1hr 30min.
It's supposeda thunderstorm everyday this week.. Hopefully it's in the middle of the night doee
Oddly, I tried to switch to OTA last night, and couldn't get any channels. Should be able to get something w/out an antenna, right?
Officially in the studio.
Apple store getting the IPhone 4s as my upgrade :)
Arrived to mildly flooded JJQ offices. Some paper issues lost, but looks like we'll survive. Believe this is JJQ's third flooding.
Memorizing lines with a bad cold!!!life's tough.
and where might that be in the wall?
great game. U picked up sooner and cowboy nation today. Made us proud
Gotta love ravioli with extra cheese and that Tabasco sauce!
#GymFlow pretty soon.... gotta pump up the muscles for the
Rangel as victim. It's laughable. Committee should prosecute him, for the sake of both justice and the Democratic party. he's a disgrace
Follow me!! I love you!!
#sschat, I share letters I had my students write BinLaden the week after 911, primarysource for former kids in our school.
Thank you!!
thanks! i'm like obsessed with the welding heart hahaha
Spot a blocked storm drain in Midtown? Let us know.
Yeah lunch time!!!
I made the beat n murdered it casey anthony
Practiced iaido on a beach on Orcas Island. Used a stick for my bokken and the sand was too soft, but fun all the same.
Jon Gruden just said if you give Russell Wilson a legitimate chance to win starting QB job in Seattle, he'll win it.
#Bestrappersalive THE EARLY MAN
chillin in this warm weather. Don't even need a jacket here... Went to the beach last weekend!
Artistic BEASTS right here! RT : #FF to these amazing artists
Hi twitter's BFF lol :)
I LOVE NEW YORK CITY
Not sure if I'm missing something, but I don't see links to PDFs of Viking designs on your website. Where can I find 'em?
that's a cool tree behind them! :]
I think that trend is unnecessary and its stupid. Dont make him feel bad this is what HE WANTS we cant be selfish. Be happy for him.
let me know when your back so we can link. Tell Keisha thanks again!
yup just calm each one individually or use a class instead of an id to call all the slides in one go.
I'm awkward :$
sitting on the powerchair playing on my powerphone... Happy New Year!
well goodnight everybody
Why was my textbook in my fridge?
I've been dying to get a reply from you ! I'm your Boston covergirl ! I love youu !
hi John. Following along so change my life!
email - we could meet up tomorrow or this week?
& shared marcel, wise words, and jokes with Collegiate kids today. Awesome visit!
waiing to board red-eye. 30 min delayed and counting. Prep for cranky. you have been warned.
This guy is a complete bigot and idiot. He has had his 15 minutes, lets not give him anymore!
- Can't miss today's CL action! I hope that your eyes are okay? Long time since your Richmond Kickers days, huh!
RT : Just got word that former Yankee Mike Mussina was elected to the Orioles Hall of Fame.
- hold in to it like you hold on to the clubface at impact. :)
Robert Smith- simply one of the best songwriters of all time.
Haha. Gotta love the dogs! It's always so much fun at the shows- isn't it?
Buy - Sell - Lease - Refinance in CA
Just made an account for the brit just to vote for you! Americans 8)
which ones? Ratings > quality with nets. e.g. 2.5 Men exists.
Leaving for Florida today for the United Methodist General Conference and a one month tour of Orlando and Tampa.May this be the best tour
. Charlottetown perhaps? We deserve cred, we ARE the birthplace of confederation.
Finally watched DETOUR per your recommendation. Solid movie. Love the line where he asks the waitress for "change for a dime."
Have you begun to think about your business plan for 2011. It less than 7 weeks away.
that is wrong, guys don't get it easy. Women don't give it up that easy. :-( women control it.
The only tech "bubble" is the insular world most of these people live in
Sold out for the pre-sale? Or are you guys selling more during the general sale on the 21st?
Thanks, Shannon! :)
I keep overthinking; I hate my anxiety. I always have to remind myself
RT : Completion by Design colleges look at student pathways through programs of study and face hard truths about completion rates
times square yehaa! ;D
Come on Preds!
we do volume pricing for .edu's (and others) but no discounts for individual sites yet. The $25 "personal" level might help?
I have crazy hair! But I still can't direct.
Carolina hot cakes piled high with maple syrup, and a side of scrambled eggs and a couple slices of bacon. Does that sound good?
sounds like a VIBRANT opportunity!!!
hah That was me yesterday -_- It took about 15 minutes and a lot of cursing to get it on right!
Are you requiring compliance or inspiring committment?
Tell to buy you a beer and let you get a "redo" on that Hefe!
Home with my babie finally .. best feeling !
q3 a good book? i agree with !
true. But that is the role of parents not schools.
Faith healing judge says thinks of couple each am when wakes up. Thought case a stretch but no more.
excellent and you! I see you are back and running with these deals =) Wouldnt it be nice to have someone else do it 4U??? =)
I'm all alone in this big ole world.
Surgery went well
When I get home to you girl I'm gone do you right <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
maybe... Extra time is hard for me right now.
galaxy shorts ? :)
>Implying you even cared about Ghost Recon.
#AskAlexConstancio Will Follow me??????
Everyone follow He's an awesome fellow actor that you should know!
Thank you for the follow, Marci Happy new year!
The Evolving Blog: Generating Increased Sales Through Strategic Online and Social Advertising Plans!
Wtf!! Where Is My Boyfriend??
Thank you so much. Help us out by finding us on facebook and sharing our songs with your friends! Keep in touch!!
Niggas is ya friends today and maybe tomorrow, but only a RARE few of them can hold true due too the lack of mental strength to fight gossip
Education versus entertainment: how do we balance the news to reflect the "truth" of the community?
WOW, it's almost 80 outside! We've added our "Jammin' In the Summertime" jingle to the rotation today to help with the spirit. :)
love your propiccc <U+2764>
No I forgot my lunch at home!!!! Let's see how much $ I have in my account
Do you get complaints about language?
pander, pander, fake outrage, yadda yadda.... same ol' same ol'
I'm so sorry. Got to the station a little too late. Such a shame, just missed the train.
you don't know you're beautiful
YAY! RT : Due to popular demand, we're leaving Les Paul #googledoodle up in the U.S. for an extra day. Thanks for jamming with us!
is very pleased with his new schedule.
RT : RT IF YOU'RE PLANNING TO PEEP SOME CHERRY BLOSSOMS THIS WEEKEND
well that's good
aight lets try this again
They cut my hours , wtf..
Johnsburg library to hold appraisal - Northwest Herald
is it just me or is everyone on dancing with the stars sucking ass tonight? it's not just me. right?! RIGHT?!
Ball night!
thank you for following us, what did you think of our video?
Night 2 of waking up at 2am for no reason.
GO NOW..MIGHT NOT HAVE TO WAIT LONG....:(
I gotta go too Sarah.
These past two weeks have been rough health wise, now I'm battling an ear infection, geez mcnellies
Tryin to relax for a second before Sunday
If you were to buy someone special a Ford for Christmas, what model would it be, and who would it be for? Have a Happy Friday!!!
Breaking in to the Ultimate Dk Choc bar 2 make it thru rest of my day...
: Thanks for the love Charles!
.man, I feel so fucked up! I shouldn't have made him go..
Margin is actually 20.25...I'm up past my bedtime
quit being a retard and finish it. It's the best thing that have EVER been on tv
Word, thats good to hear! RT : he said he's ok. Tryin to stay outta trouble
#BobKnightJackAss that's all!
I hate that word he pissed me off lol
Havnt been golfing in forever
the fact that everyone has an anecdote about the "against type" player means not the same!
Ye u r right
wow cuss at me that's mature. You know I'm reporting your account right now. Cyberbullying isn't funny.
goOD MorNIng EVERY1 2day is going 2 be a good day, iM staying POSITIVE...!!
if you say so, lol
you're fine with either. I'm a big fan of the orange myself
Crazy weeks. Finding new apt, production, work, festival, and now moving. All good things but looking forward to a bit more routine in July.
two more days!!! way to effin stoked :D
we should go Brockers. Think he'll be the best in a few years.
There's a whole little universe here on Twitter, isn't there? How does one keep up with it w/out resigning to live in it?
ok I can't even tweet
My nose and my lips are chapped....
Link? RT “: The team that wins Game 7 of a seven-game series in the NBA goes on to win 100 percent of the time.”
Wrote a song back in March, working on a demo sort of the song is called "Be Strong Courtney (Baby Give It Up)"
Hello there! May i get a follow! :-D
Promoting our next live seminar - "Integrated Thinking" for CFOs, risk mgrs, HR execs, etc. www.hni.com/Safety/Workshops/workshops.asp
does law cover Stun Guns as well? Not to keen on gun carry but vunerable disabled person.
.: we need to rewrite definition for library in OED, etc
Know your roots.
Just subscribed to blog at tanveernaseer.com. Some really interesting discussion about leadership
On Wed., & will visit to present a check & serve lunch to our clients. Press conference at 1:30.
here we go \m/
ah, I was mistaken. setTimeout is delayed in inactive tabs, requestAnimationFrame halts. I was using rAF. sT + diff works.
Doing well. Cranking out a few summer classes then I'm done!
need to be doing so many other things, why am i here on my computer instead?
We picked the lucky winner already!
how much weed do you smoke s day #socurious :)
RT : One day at a time
I always listen to The Wretched when I'm upset
If you get a chance check out the Vendetta cover. That was very tough song to learn.
Nm, about to murder Because clearly he has no taste in women ! Wbu ?
What should a corp do after they have responded to a flub and the story still has legs? i.e. we're still talking about papa johns
South beach call a cab bumpin j.cole
#CelebsThatLookLikeTheyStink Newt #Gingrich- he looks like a pig one can assume he must smell like one as well
Just broke 1000 followers! Yay, and it's my birthday! Sweet present from my tweeps! Thanky:D
shout out to the kids of . ALWAYS WORKING HARD
Hey guys im so bored rite now i mite just fall alsleep of boredness *SabastianBabe*
of course it's glorious
Can't get into my old account. Tried for a new one, still waiting to get my blog "approved", lol. Tony might not let us come back!
“: Can we just go ahead and make "ruined" a relationship status option on Facebook?” -- bang bang ()
Were the homies...
Yugoslav Proverb~ Complain to one who can help you.
OF COURSE YOU ARE. Jealous!!!!!!
Glad to have you at our hotel! Feel free to follow/comment back during your visit.
only you! And how much?
Getting pierced tomorrow
Citi dropping 9.78% is reminder they're still in race to 0 despite 10 to 1 reverse split. Financial czars desperate to find rescue for banks
Kinda misleading to say Chris Bosh "was traded" to Miami.
Well next time- you should just drop on in for a surprise visit! Is your New Years off to a good start?
make it happen. Help me get on the voice
FOB. That was so long ago, my gosh
I see you have figured out my evil master plan. :-)
they can export portfolio if its tied to that
lol too funny
I love it when Seattle is actually warm like this
View from Aurora bridge tonight before sunset was postcard perfect
I'd Like to Know Info About Them Also! LOL. I'm Looking to Have a Ballroom Teacher Hired.
How dat phrase goes ??? He want his cake and to eat it too ??? Y'all know what im trying to say..Lol
Henry J. Tillman~ Oregano is the spice of life.
Lee re Weisblatt, who the Japanese treated as POW: "Tokyo decided that throwing hand grenades deprived him of his nonprofessional status..."
FUCK.... ion feel like gettin up
I do indeed! Hit me w/private tweet or email to make the arrangements, my friend.
Did I tell you what the Pope had to say, ?
Just did! Its the BCBG yellow clutch, searched all over the net but no one has your deal. Thx for responding!
Dustin brown!! #kings are sweeping!
In high school I hated my algebra teacher, Sister Mary, but that didn't stop me from lettin' her gimme head in the band room after school.
we do them too! Just different!
Court-ney Up-shaw clap clap clap clap clap!
I like calling everyone a Guru. Because after your tips we are gurus. You would just be the Grand Guru. Or "The Big Giant Head"
That time I went to work on a Saturday and discovered an error in a book that's already at the printer.
RT : Dark Shadows was a GREAT movie.... honestly i flat out liked it better than the Avengers....
I learn from you everyday. Thank you! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090>
the first time through the demo I hopped on the griffin and it was totally awesome, 'til my pawns shot it down.
working from home today, errands and some shopping. dont want sheldon to leave!!
Just heard a Pastor refer to families as "giving units." And, I get reprimanded for using marketing language?
don't forget to clear out the cache as part of that process, or your custom view won't take
It's crazy, but there have been more exciting finishes to WIAA state semifinal high school games the past 2 days as compared to games.
A.B.C D.E.F.G = A Boy Can Do Everything For Girl <U+2665>
haha. We're all a little crazy! Lol
Im getting sick of tweets like RT if your sad this girl died. Like no. RT if you Just want attention. Bullshit!
My texting bubby feel asleep on me...#hoe'd
Ah I can't stop playing Fruit Ninja!
Its pretty sad how my first account is so cool but the second is better
rock on Blake! RT : I wanted to formally welcome Chicago Bears DE Thaddeus Gibson to the Family. I
When are you gonna update your twitter? Jeez!
but I don't have a saggy pussy
Really looking forward to playing with and tonight at Lilly's 9:30-12:30pm.
Let's go #BREWERS *grin*
Drank mucho cider. I like good, old fashioned, illegal warehouse parties
happy anniversary to me & Love at it's best.
Leaving off the obvious (Twitter/FB), it'd be Instagram, Reeder (for blogs), Camera+, FitBit and Pinterest. You?
Can you follow me back?:)
Please pray for our friend Brandon Byerley today. He is 16 and undergoing brain surgery. Pray for his Dr., his strength, and his family.
Love them kudos. Today: "You have a gifted eye for the craft." I don't know how I came by my knack for editing, but there it is.
The brave new world I'm looking at has fewer toothpicks, sure, but the airfood we inhale is just out of this world.
Great enjoy the conference and keep tweeting
Can we pray for you today?
A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing. - Albert Camus
:-) “: Looking forward to trying out when they head over to Capitol Hill! Just started following them!”
Feel good to be in the bed!!!!!(MISSIN HIM) *DaKota MERCINARIES VP*
hey Ben, don't worry I may be only 12 but I'm smart enough not to answer email that asks for a password.
Right after i watch nikita and read my new kindle and do all of my work :P I have excuses too lol
Study hall(:
Agreed! RT: Probably baby incubators and artificial heart vales have their use but the best invention ever? Air conditioning
follow for the opening day Rockies tickets!
Like Insidious. Or Homeroom. c;
There's a rumor going around that all the brass bands in Nola are threatening to strike until returns
Deleting someone's Pokemon game should be punishable by death.
I'll gladly pay you Tuesday for a steak picado burrito today. Food truck guy at AET campus was super nice and let me eat on credit!
I think from now on I'm going to paint houses in that chain mail dress that Tina Tuner wears.
its us vs the system Always a constant battle If it was for them, they would send us to homeschool all #autistic children :(
can blow me...
I read Delirium could be made a movie, do you know if there might be an open casting call? Would love to audition at some point
I miss him already, Haha I stole his shirt:). Cross-Country tommorrow morning.362 more days!!
Looking to buy, sell or invest in properties in the Orlando area? Contact our new friends at
I sold my E-P1. Good concept, bad execution. Horrible controls and cheap/plasticky body that was scuffed and dented within a week.
We have a funny feeling that we might be seeing #TheDarkSide as a hashtag on many of your future tweets.
Get on board NOW! What have you got to lose, it's free! And when you upgrade for 25$ if you no like, 100% money back guarantee for 30 days!
oh man!! #ifthegovernmentshutsdown - people might actually have to take responsibility for themselves!
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 20
Happily, murderous rage is short-lived when you can distract yourself with a bit of tea.
You've always had style, class, and a sense of humor.
Entertaining Race. RT James Buescher wins #DRIVE4COPD300, and by wins, I mean, manages not to crash like 90 percent of the field
“: I know, it's like I'm in Cats or something!”>>>haha memory
thts a must see picture :)
I just wanna tan all day
RT I kind of hope Obama shocks everyone by declaring marriage to be a bourgeois institution and calling for its total abolition.
Come see Peter Pan/ Up The Down Staircase this weekend at the Athenaeum Theatre ticket info at www.yatkids.org or call 317-614-5057
Rookie ref, not surprised at all. Has to establish himself.
also that donors want proof that you're using their dollars effectively, maybe a change in the level of trust?
The bus from Portland to Bangor was full, so they put the 6 of us on a separate bus all by ourselves!
Congratulations to Alyson Abercrombie on her exceptionally fine reading last night.
Billy, so far you haven't done a thing I didn't expect you to do.
what's twss? Lol and yeah,I failed in previous relationships... Lol... But ima keep trying..! Lol
i hate my life.
Binaural microphone/earphones = the shit.
idk im trying to find out!!
"We must recognize that we're all part of a web of life around the world." Gaylord Nelson, Earth Day founder
TIP OF THE DAY: There is nothing wrong with folding. You are not weak when folding. If you dont have the best hand or cant bluff, let it go!
Manischevitz is delicious.
Describe what you think Matt Ryan needs to do next Season to be Considered an "Elite" QB for the Falcons?
Rad! I'll keep that in mind! Happy Thursday!
I signed up a while ago, but really haven't found it to be useful at all. Is withering on the vine.
where you take that. at
Anyone else so pissed today they avoided twitter and anything #pens related? I know I did. #gameface back tomorrow.
Yes it is, thanks! I'm going to draw a winner in May.
but u look like a swagless pimp
Are you coming to Portland, OR to talk about your book? Powell's is awesome bookstore for venue.
Finished a great run through
How can #colleges translate broad state goals to campus-level strategies? Bensimon of CUE & Prescott of discuss at SHEEO/NCES conf
Endangering national or public security
When life slips you a Jeffrey, stroke the furry wall.
When im mad I can't sleep
Eating popcorn chicken and drinking orange soda
I'm following you but you're not following me. gives me reason to unfollow you for real. lol
ATTN producers!!!...please send links to purchase YOUR beats!!!
I'm a ride or die bitch!!
Oracle highlights Big Data’s benefits
Going to hutch tom. With the Bro. We will see how that works
Monday-Wednesday, Yanceyville St will have multiple lane closures from 9am-4pm due to water line rehab. Expect delays and take alt. routes.
#delta. Get your act together. SD to Atlanta. Still stuck on tarmac in atlanta.
#np all the things you said - tatu
"Next time I see you, giving you a high five cause hugs are overated just FYI" (:
O - look at the moon!
Wait... is Jessica Simpson STILL pregnant?
This guy right next to me is feeling on himself D:
I've been eating about 300 calories a day since wmc. Just shows where my priorities lie lol.
Follow Back :)
what a show.
awesome track man! SO EXCITED to see you at EDC Las Vegas!
what happen to your Facebook?
No problem, kind sir! Im really enjoying the great insight u provide on your website! thanks for the
Why is so good.
Come see Spurs players and at Express Lube at 8318 Broadway on Tuesday, March 8 between 4:30pm-5:30pm!
Super easy, I got a 95.. Just know the graphs and you'll be fine!
its hard to tell if someone follows when usinp phone. I thought I got a notification that he followed. Thanks though! ~~~~rich
Damn they got u feelin like dat « I dnt wanna follow anymore Pittsburgh niggas <U+270B><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096>»
"Every charity started with One." - big takeaway from Northland Community Foundation breakfast
told you!
wait, every girl deserves a ?
I feel terrible today, but bills know no excuses so to work I go!
sky mall is amazing.
not as bad as you I'm very nice :)
follow me! but noo boys like girls love drunk is a good one :']
Amir makes bad choices and women i see.
Getting ready for 2nd day at #structureconf on the #dreamface booth
Watching the movie "Trading Places" w/ Eddie Murphy and Dan Aykroid never gets old.
Amen! Esp educators- isn't SM just a virtual form of outreach?
Happy Birthday (:
Staying home with my girls today. will be closed. Record Store Day kicked my ass.
Salute to all yall brothers, Happy New Year!
my fault, I left out the details.
how the did you survive when you first got your lip piercing. im afraid to eat because i think ill get it stuck on my tooth
Just taught a great kickboxing class ! Way to get sweaty people!
North Scottsdale...how spread out can this be???
Good day tweeps..make it an amazing one!!
So what happened with Punxsutawney Phil? Well, either way, free drip coffee Re-Phils at GA! (with proof of purchase)
Niggas trying tweet from a females point of view , that's some gay ass shit.
We believe in Clarity, Credibility, and Encouragement for effective coaching.
Congrats! (& while I'm no expert, I think that tweet constitutes an instance of the most refined twitter-genre: #humblebrag.)
not that you can't afford no redbottoms withcyo ugly white boy lookin a hot ass mess fed ex them bitches
Came stop by Sandalwood Spa at Ayres open everyday at 11am- 8pm or call and make an appointment at (951)571-7792 see you soon.
XP Mode For Windows 7 Released Add-on utility helps ensure programs written for Microsoft's older OS can be used on new PCs.
Umpire discipline is not made public, as per their contract. So I'm sure they are disciplined. We just don't know it.
Had too much fun with with my homies tonight.
come down to tonight and catch the duo (Al & Erik) with and Melly Frances & the Distilled Spirits
can't even say in the same league as those two. He has no rings to show for it
Almost a colossal collapse by #spurs. But champions win those games. Take note
Just watched your battle on Hulu, wanted to let you know that you are AWESOME. My wife and I will buy what you put out! :)
#ThatAkwardMomentWhen U catch the guy standing next to U at the urinal sneaking a peek at ur Meat.
They already started. Reports that Zimmerman had a bloody nose. Besides, JEB is looking out for his political future.
Wait, when 's book hits the NYT, he's buying us the shoes? That's awesome! :D
of course! So glad a friend showed me your new spot, can't wait for the rooftop to open.. I'll be here all summer :)
I get my first check and they mess up my name. Thanks guys.
We are open til 5pm today. Come grab a panini 4 a late lunch, cut into bite sized pieces for cocktail snacks, or 4 dinner
Try to pull together interdisciplinary unit on cycling. Pro bike race in town at the start of school and prologue is 5 miles from school!
I love you more then anything in the world.<3
when the sex-in-the-office is occurring it's all sunshine and unicorns; it's when it ends that we in HR get the headache...
SILENT lips avoid many problems, but SMILING lips solves many problems, so always hve a smile on ur face n the beautiful journey called LIFE
Money Saving Tip #24: Challenge yourself to try making your own things.
Y'all should bring Noah's Arc back
Early morning for us...Watch live show this morning to see one of our centerpieces and some bouquets being featured!
What were they thinking? Can u imagine Vegas show: guy throwing frisbee 2 dog?
KING ME!!!
How can I get my hands on your jazz musican list?
#HighSchoolMemories ..... Ohh ya wait I don't have any:(
#icsf Who's talking on the MLS Track?
Sunday Still: "It's intolerable to be stopped by a frames edge." - Clyfford Still, 1976
LOUD session one!......Commence!
Goal: find new dry cleaners, which brings up the question- what is the average life of these shops?
Patterson is angry his pants do not seem to fit!
In need of someone to create a professional quality 90 second video, any takers out there?
It's from Blackmill's 20 minute mix.
LADIES GET FREE CIROC & WE GOT FREE WRAPS #RITZ2 FRIDAY **PLUS ITS FREE ALL NITE* #tonefide x6
we'll check it out!
Wait, up ahead -- arable land! Oh, never mind.
Happy Friday everyone! What coaster do you wish you could be riding this weekend? Let us know! -Vince
watching tv... Hbu
Follow Foreverfly RT this A$ap
Totally understand. I think I tend to work more hours at home than I do at work!
SHIT. I LOCKED MYSELF OUT OF MY HOUSE
Good Monday Morning! Where do the weekends go? I think people would function better with 3 day weekends every week. What do u think?
It's National Wear Red Day! Thanks to everyone helping to uncover the truths about women and heart disease, our No. 1 killer!
#mirrorsedge you are not alone my friend;).
Happy Mother's Day <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
You just made my Tuesday Tom! Yummy in my tummy!
That keening you hear is that of Ken Starr being hoist on his own petard.
Nice! Well good luck and we'll talk soon!
that's the way to go!
Haven't done one in a while. Some of my favorites. .
I feel about Kevin Durant the way many Americans feel about money. I'm very Durant greedy.
not sure where we are going yet but should know in a couple days. U might as well just stay there til after my wedding
So... I work as a researcher for film & tv. It's 11 am, and I've already run into 4 things I needed Wikipedia for.
Congrats to the front desk staff for their big win in the pumpkin carving contest! Thank you to all the guests who voted!
Is there some freak of nature possibility that I might be able to wear shorts tomorrow????
Never be afraid to be kicked in the teeth. Let the blood and the bruises define your legacy.
i love his glasses too! He's so hot and a great teacher ;)
Always man! If we could somehow throwback to MTV summer in San Diego 2000, thatd be great son! haha
RT“ she said she hate how much she need him turn around, and say she don’t need him .”
But I'm hungry on the lowest of keys
., and are on the media panel.
Our new Mineral Skin Care line is now available on our website. Time to pamper yourself.
tell your sister she's in trouble if i ever meet her
Excited about the growing momentum to resist corporate control of our food system
my twitter family, My daughter was to start college yesterday, The cost $2500.00, Assist us with help, my Alertpay:
Let me guess, markets will rise and fall again in the middle of Feb.
i wana dye ma hair back to Black :)
right? It was a Kelis budget
yes we can talk on here. I'm fine, how u doing?
Happy Monday from ! Why not start your day off with a sweet crepe from FliP Crepes!
hahahhah I just saw that lol
that peppermint hot chocolate sounds amazing!!
R.I.P. Ken Russell.
Gonna be a great night!
this shit boring and im going to prom and need get shit done lol
Buying real estate is not only the best way, the quickest way, the safest way, but the only way to become wealthy.” -Marshall Field
We love our boys in and A year for you! Great job last night! Thank you all who came out and made the show awesome! :)
Realistically, could also simply absorb other depts into blob-like English Dept, anglicizing everything (so to speak)
dont put me on a pedistool , ill take myself off in a hot second . lol
The greatest danger for most of us is not that we aim too high & we miss it, but we aim too low and reach it. Michelangelo
hope the event went well tonight! Email me back with dates xo
OK u can send me the colour club nail polish and kerastase samples :)
Got soul surfer movie!!!
I would not have been surprised to wake up today to find out that Greece had left the euro. (maybe taking Portugal with her).
I have a feeling I'll be telling my kids about dial-up one day and they are just going to give me funny looks
Field (cont.): On one hand, authors can't deploy specialized acad. lang.; on the other, they can't deploy specialized acad. lang.
Let's go pacers last quarter lets finish these magic off got a magic stick lol ;)
Snowballing Into Happiness and Success #ThankYouMorePlease - XavierLT.com
Im bout bored right now, someone mention mhe
Happy 19th B-day to daughter #1 Sorry we're not there with u to celebrate.
really though there is a time when using #postgres isn't like getting punched in the face, right?
FOLLOWED<U+2764> TO
Good Morning :)
Weekend #2 full schedule day. This Saturday. Flag football till 11AM. Then tackle football till 9PM @ Clackamas High School! Come see us!
*clearly it is officially spring, after March 21st... also clearly the champagne is still getting to me. Ahem.
idgaf it's 50 cent time
Dear intelligent -cough- person who decides to ride bike at night in a 2 lane ave.. you're asking for trouble, or you just hate your life.
MY BIKE IS HERE. :'D <3333
You're seriously the biggest bitch I know
Too many cutaways while the game is going on. Drives mie nuts as a fan.
Likewise! So nice to put a face and voice to the person I know online. Excited to collaborate!
how much does the $84.99 increase when you start adding HD boxes & DVR?
I actually enjoy everyone being away at college because every time they come home the drama seems to start.
thx, that's a good idea!
Do you check and see who's viewed your Linked In profile? Could be a new client source.
Rethinking the Unthinkable At #TEDx Evergreen
View problems as opportunities to rely more fully on God, as doorways to deep dependence on Him+increasing intimacy w/ God
Time for some paper kick ass time...at least the weather sucks
LA here I come..
#miroboday I think it's important to remember the FUN aspect of robotics as a draw for kids into #stem. Teamwork, fun, creativity
I'm broke! Buy my plane ticket!!!
Everyone's kissing...and im just playing with my bobs
Anyone wanna go to the movies?(:
I never do my math homework . -___- ' fuckfuckfuck,
Exactly. Don't think any of us are. But sure hate to see ppl pay the ultimate price for ignorance.
#mighty and #mightytaco are trending in #ROC today... something is wrong with this place
Ha, what a perfectly logical explanation! I’m going to start leaving random things in the freezer just to further confuse people.
I miss you guys too! Can we get rich so we can fly to each other every weekend?!
#castle very possible, but has good taste in views!
St Paul farmers market, Black Dog cafe, art, life is good.
but i expect we will have in nc some time soon!
Well thank you, that's very kind of you ": well of course! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>"
#RETWEET 2 WIN TICKETS: #YoGotti Performing Live... W/ at #BoDi It'S gOnNa Be #KrAzY $2 DrInKs, FrEe #FoOd, #THURSDAY #BETHERE!
We know you will be.we'll pop in next time I'm in London, which should be soon.
Summer's just around the corner and United Synagogue Youth's summer programs are filling up fast. Apply now for 1 of 8 incredible...
Can't we all just get along?
Only way to make the #RedSox fans even more pissed? Sending #Middlebrooks down when #Youkilis is off the DL
Don't kill it
You have enemies? Good! That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. - Winston Churchill
Free ice cream between 5-8 at Ben and Jerry's if you tell 'em you voted... same for 12oz coffee at Starbucks!
Who would even think of a univ. named Western in Ontario? It would be like an Ohio univ. named Case Western..er..never mind.
In 1922, a 20-ton meteor crashed near Blackstone, Va. In 1930, Chicago's Adler Planetarium first opened to the public.
lmao yall both have a laugh that i end up laughing at
true that :{D
Don't you understand? you mean more to me than anything in this entire world
just like to emphasize the positive, call it an early
indentured servitude.
I've thought that before but come back to the state wanting stability in relationships that yield kids.
I am thrilled to be on the list!
happy hour has passed.
So when are you going to take me in your Dad's seats?
When making your first feature many people may say no, treat you like a dreamer or make you doubt. If you stop, you will fail.
O.K. iTunes.....why don't you have the season finale of Hawaii Five 0 online? WTF?????
Are you looking for an original gift our store will be a great place to start.
happy to see gave you a #FF shoutout! glad to follow you! :-)
lol that's awesome
So man how ya been?
hey buddy!
Answer to both of your questions: BANANA WRANGLER!
RT : Don't deal with anyone who doesn't respect you!
Ok my tyrant is done. For now.
I am jack's complete frustration
On This Day in History: In 1971 Muhammad Ali battles Joe Frazier for the heavyweight boxing championship, the first of 3 such fights.
what type of shell do you use for the rum cake ball that sounds delic!!
#Common makes me WET!!!!!
BUT HE LOOKS LIKE ZAC EFRON . And thanks olivia . Your sweet (: Do you know jenny quanhkldhtubg . idk her last name , haha
Thanks for ur RTs. Appreciate it. Keep tweeting & gain lots of followers.
T.G.I.F.! Follow some of our awesome fans! You won't regret it :)
sorry to hear that! Karma will get them and if you're lucky you'll get to watch it happen
Showing a client how to use twitter
Also, with pennies! It cost the US more than change to make these two little coins.
At this point people may have heard the name of the brand or product but not know much more
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. Theodore Roosevelt
Haters gonna hate!
Bent like a pretzel
Cleaning Covers with Dry Cleaning pad
-.- I left my Beats headphones on all night...and I am all out of batteries
Yiddish-speaking Jews, like his family. And happy Jews, who spoke Italian. (3/3)
Never lie to someone who trusts you. Never trust someone who lies to you.
FANTASTIC! Perfect travel toy from Thanks 4 sharing. She's getting SO big...
Online Meeting tonight 'The Savvy Actor, Presented By Kevin Cox
RT : Headed to the city in my #SportingKC shirt! <I travel in a car. Is this shirt like a magic carpet? If so, where do I get 1
It's on our band page on our facebook! www.facebook.com/armisticemaine
3 hour show on the #NFL schedule...the power of the NFL. wow!
RT : Lets start by introducing our incredible Biz Tips Experts --> , , &
thank you so much for the blog post. What size shirt u wear
don say that man
what's up punk lol
.: Every time I go to 2 Amys I literally want to bury my face in the Margherita DOC pie
Let's introduce CAUSES of CAUSES in med school curriculum. MAKE Policy, Public Hl, Nutrition, Exercise, Poverty, Social Justice mandatory
thats just a stereotype, i love 1D
RT : Always have hardcore porn open in case someone walks in on you live-streaming the People's Choice Awards.
Avatar 2 pushed back to 2016. Oh no! I guess I'll have to continue not to care
People who complain about people saying yolo are even more annoying then people who say yolo
things i've learned at #lssc12 so far: understand risk that an unexpected dependancy adds thru cost, track record, & initial risk level
That is the most bad ass Aries Ram ive ever seen
Home from the gym gonna eat than relax for little than work !
Dear man playing 'Alive' in the subway with the sleeping pitbull curled up inside your guitar case: You just made my day on so many levels.
what a nice day to go vote!
Sal Sunseri is a character. Glad he wants to win. Go Vols!
ha! something about him just says "after a few beers I'm a major dbag"
oh god it's so, so good. From the "Invite Them Up" album.
yeah...they came out kinda bigger then i wanted though...O.O
BREAKING NEWS: Gadhafi overthrows Kim Jong Il, becomes world's silliest-looking dictator.
Had a fun night at youth with (:
it was amazing!
just watched the Teen Wolf Trailer! i cant wait!
Barry IL home of George Nicol Baseball player from the 1800s
no, not at all in this case!
94 calories per tablespoon of peanut butter. Carrots are negligible.
when is it? Friday right?
We didn't get a chance to go out.
Thanks to my family, friends, and supporters. The Mayor's race is over, but the work to rebuild Baltimore continues.
Congrats Brian! Great news. How I miss playing
"replacing the tyrany of the expert with the tyrany of the crowd" problems of crowdsourcing geoweb
Tribute to Michael Jackson the King of Pop! Love, respect and eternal memory!..
Maybe it was ment to be....fuck that
100 followers thx guys :D <3 <3 love you !! keep on following help me reach my goal of 500 followers <3
I'd like to call it a Spring Swing but it's more like a roller coaster!
Aw, I got my first troll on Twitter!
Are u naked yet?
Hanging with the famous and awesome
If you have five dollars and Chuck Norris has five dollars, Chuck Norris still has more money than you.
Lie to me? What happened to that alien show?
is so scummy. The price of round trip ticket is $70... And then you get to the airport and get charged $80 for one carryon!
3 hours of sleep, cool. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Btw , Shoutout to that screaming #Grizzlies fan kid in the Zach Randolph jersey
Don't forget to listen to #HoneyBadger himself on 4:15p with & ME! What do you want me to ask?
the speech from '08?
How does the local news model even survive? I'm puzzled
thanks for the follow... Keep up the good work!!!!
Thanks for the menion :)
There is none left in the cooler at work. I drank it all. Where can I get some more?!?
Tonight trumpeter/powerhouse VICTOR GARCIA will be featured w/my group Allerton Hotel 7-11pm.Half priced wines, free admission. Stop in
Police command staff to meet this afternoon with Capital and State police, Sheriff's and others to plan for tomorrow: Joel DeSpain
RT : Again, one anchor is acceptable, but twin anchors is preferred. Yes, I'm fat & hungry. What's it to you? TheHussle...oot!
Just got tix to your show in Chi. I want my money back.
Turning points in times of trouble required us to decide which way. Follow the Lord and He will see you thru.
HAPPY TUESDAY WARRIORS!!!!
dat b joe puffin dem shits
a cocky twat? Hermaphrodite?
Thunder outside, lights out....
never thought my track to a master's degree would lead me to debate sex work with a former miss teen usa contestant @ huff post
April is Child Abuse Prevention month. How will you be kind, caring, and good to children?
where is
Fuck it. I WILL put out.
Moody ass teenagers. Ugh
iamtheleopard Keith Henry Brown #Jazz #Graphicnovel on Eric Dolphy nearing end of #Kickstarter campaign! kickstarter.com/projects/keith…
No Lube
dede tellin bitches off. Good for u sir
Happy mother's day :)
Ok, give it up. What is your usual?
": "We don't live in a world of abstinence and unicorns!" "
When people think im talking about them >>> <<< A hit dog will holla .
#hannathemovie Great #German accents by Saorise Ronan & Eric Bana. Notice how they use S, D and F.
we all trry
Tour de France!
Our 2 newest franchises Jacksonville, FL. and Macon, GA opening soon. Welcome to the Money Mizer family.
If you are looking for Official Monumental Gear, please make sure you visit the Booth at the IMM Expo!
and I cannot wait to hear what he puts together for his impending compilation series!
Pretty train....oh shit its getting closer
http:/www.stephanieishere.com is what's happening and lots of swimming to prepare!
In making crepes, you can indulge your creativity - The News Journal
The real deal is that I'm not actively searching for my The One. It's been 32 years worth of learning, but life happens when it happens.
Get your applications in! AYA Spring 2012 #studyabroad awaits... and you don't want to miss out. Learn a language, live a dream!
Need to #MakeMoney? Call (559) 546-1147 Earn $3k to $4k a month! Put your wallet away! It's #Free!
thanks, love
Two hours of singing & dancing in already and just met the director of a very popular tv show who will be the director!
is registration still open?
Did the Sharks get the memo?! There are THREE periods in a hockey game!
Still playing around on the internet.
very nice
Silver lining we guess.....happy birthday in advance from The Prado. We'll be thinking of you!
My fiancé just ordered my wedding ring. I love it
a spectator at mile 4 of my leg complimented the Blue Ink shirt.
Tie game celtics vs hawks
Good Morning Albuquerque!! Let's Get Printing! We are busy with this Labor Day weekend approaching.
I guess you not talking to me today
#WeWontWork; if you let the microwave hit 0:00.
Cool, Jonas maybe ? :D
boom boom boom
The rain is really cooling this off! Nice!
It takes special equipment to be able to machine the ring, so this is why jewellers have not produced them in the past
#Problem all you Conservative NRA card carrying members probably have health insurance. I hope you don't catch something from the uninsured.
- We do offer couples massages. Great way to relax and enjoy the moment with someone.
Number one, even on Twitter.
So pumped to hear about the Dumb & Dumber sequel!
At times I look at my current achievements & give myself a pat on the back but I'm never satisfied.
Thank You for the #Fibromyalgia info. Been thru hell & back trying to get help for 7 yrs.
#Dodgers for $2bn? Amazed at the escalating value of sports franchises year after year. Monopolies + truly original content = $$$
I think u should follow me
ha ha! :) Start coming up with the names now - it was hard/took me forever. Poor Flossy was nameless for like 3 weeks!
yeah that's me minus 25lbs bahahaha :)
i have the same one.
On raising globally minded kids via : Investigate the world. Seek diverse perspectives & audiences. Take action.
Wish upon a shooting star...<U+2665> (:
Can't. Mothers Day with the fam
Help us help the month, by a Valentine toffee box, and proceeds benefit the organization!
“: Jordan McNeil 2014 6'4 G Mount St. Joes(Team Sizzle 16).Long body.Can play 1-3.a chance to be a talent at the next level.”
I missed you kids on Sunday :(
We are doing wonderful. Excited to finally get our website up and running. Money for our furry babies.
Billboard awards. Success
Sounds interesting I never took one of those before.
Get to go see the inside of our new place tomorrow=) and if I like get that paperwork rolling (((crossing fingers))) SO excited!
im feelin like drake right now lol
Said the same thing. What a crook!
Wants to partayyyyyy :).
That old, bad joke gave Santorum such a headache he needs an aspirin!
Them legs they're lookin sp damn good..
I just like to give people a dose of reality :)
Any thing I ever do is never good enough..
I do! See what dates are open and we'll work something out!
I keep thinkin today Thursday..
We just updated the site. Check out the Campagnolo Record bike that was created for Art on the homepage www.spcarbon.com
Cision is so slow today, killing me...
I have the worst kink in my neck right now. I think I might need to put some heat on it.
no not at the gay bar I was thinking more along the lines or patrick romans, five guys, or some where else lol
Just had some of our #memory lovebread, I feel smarter already!
do you guys have any advice to get likes on a facebook page? (: thanks for any tips.
omfg, I wish I still had a FB to curse this bitch out wtfff?!
Went with the turkey sandwich today...excellent!
I have a friend who did one in Cincy last year... looks like fun!
once your up so high the stars seem to align<21
aaawwww :-) btw, Brent is still laughing over the bday card y'all gave him :-)
Bea Ar-turk: a grilled pressed wrap with turkey, bacon, swiss, onion, and a honey mustard mayo sauce. Served with fries.
I made an instagram & I already forgot my username
concert with you tonight, concert tomorrow night with the family, movies on Sunday, all while trying to raise $4K by Tuesday. LOL
Indeed! MT : Great to see my pals and at the #PlutoDay rally at ... next yr join in
RT : Takeaways: Leverage everything. Always Ask. Work Together. Do something remarkable.
Skipping lines at #Disneyworld www.inlinewaiting.com/2010/11/a-whole-new-line-no-one-to-tell-you-no-just-where-to-go-at-walt-disney-world/
have you seen any real estate over the summer?
Happy Birthday Joseph :)
Dow down, who would have seen this? No not the geniouses in Washington.
Thank you Tyler!
would you be interested in doing an interview either on the web or skype ?
<----- #mustfollow NEW STUFF UP IN MOJO'S WORLD!
It was so sweet when justin thanked us at the end <3
heard you were coming to Milwaukee? I figured since you weren't answering the phone you were tweeting lol
Goodnight my followers & tweeters. ! Have a blessed night sleep ! God bless you! (=
did he finish it or just do the outline
cool stuff. Love the drums on that track
has great desserts! Since they're so great, #TallyCardz holders get 1 FREE when they purchase 2.
Proud member of the He-Man Woman Haters Club
“: That awkard moment when a sentence doesn't end the way you think it testicles.” hahaaaa
we used to pay for Opera here at SE/A, but stopped at some time. I didn't have it reinstalled when I got my last new machine.
Sittin here thinkin, bout all the shit you said to me. Even though we just made it, you got me drinkin heavily
It's time to stop allowing the enemy to have his way & take this generation back! Having Godly character & walking in holiness IS cool!
I need to slow down
why did you delete your tweets with Seth? and for what it's worth, i was 100% on your side
Anytime and btw your my favorite!!!;)
Thank goodness this is a 4 day week. IU bound with on Friday! (:
that awkward moment when a whale won't stop following you
Pisses me off how I keep gettin spam messages on here and some how sending them. If you get one from me then I'm sorry.
Looking for four female #Models who want to make some #Model for #birthday bash . Hit me I need a team of 4
We always ignore the ones who adore us, and adore the ones who ignore us.
Have 42 books to read and write analysis on for the summer... 15 of them I haven't purchased yet. gotta say, university publishers kill me
Me, too. But at least it's my birthday! lol
+1 RT : Are older metrics stifling innovation asks the future lab? Probably...
Scott Pilgrim at my place with everyone and their mamas.
I always forget this dress has pockets.
Join us Sun 1-5pm on the patio. Free music from Julian Sizemore & $5 beef tenderloin small plates from BS Sauce includes glass Grove Merlot.
If Texas A&M makes it to the will you be in #Omaha to cheer the Aggies on? Gig 'em
Lifter Fails To Gain Olympics - Manila Bulletin
#GoTribe Indians going to pick up Damon from free agency. Hope this helps the bats
And with an antitrust suit going on now with Apple and the big six (and in the news) right now?!
Awesome Joba doesn't forget his roots": getting the 1st win for the fans and state of Nebraska against Arizona State"
RT Confidence is the feeling you have before you understand the situation.
Love all people except Democrats and non Christians. Cautiously like all of those from like a safe distance and make sure they're sanitary.
I will be there! I can't wait to see you!!!
good good , Hbu
RT : RT : If Gaga Was To Lose Album Of The Year . We're Gonna Trend " We Love You Gaga " Okay Monsters . RT
#GeorgeKottaras with the clutch rip!
Friends, please be careful w/ #credit. This #economy is too fragile for taking on #debt. One thing we've learned is danger of over extention
Grateful for remarkable friends with whom there are benign and good similarities.
Great mw2012 conference. Thanks Nancy and Titus (and Pearl)
I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today :)
anything to support someone who is paving a path where few have traveled on!
Just offered a 4 night stay @ the Natty Shack in PCB, perhaps I need to class up my act & start being SMOOTH!
haha oh. I feel stupid
Thanks, Tamara. How was the movie?
I sense ret-con RT : But... then why did the other fellow support their gesture with a badge, rather than by doing it with them?
NEW! School Lunch Fraud Investigation: Watch #CBS 6pm Sun. Eve News (unless there is a golf overrun). Who's cheating taxpayers??
Wow golfing is way harder then it looks! <U+26F3>
Lexie I liake that! However family must come first always! Then God and Country!
Be encouraged...we go through NOT stay in! You can make it!!
#theyneedToBringBack the old mtv man
Our #Spurs #socialnetwork is growing rapidly! Join today with your Twitter account...takes 30s - Go to >>> www.SpursConnect.com #GoSpursGo!
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways, Love you always , stay at your side , be your best friend , and cherish the moments you spend together.
I dont have a phone anymore so twitter is slowly fading from my social network priority list lol
The way you walk that's me, the way you talk that's me, the way you got your hair did you forget that's me?
I hate when skinny people call themselves fat just to get compliments
RT : last night was great David! thank you so much!
Teacher literally just told us to google her playboy spread from the 70s
Color correction at today!
Morning world <U+263A>
Remember those walls I built? Well baby there tumbling dowwn.and they didn't even put up a fight, they didn't even make a sound.. <3
Thanks for the follow! Hope your weekend goes well!
what's good my dude.
My soul faint after you... Seeking your glory!
I was really worried about what this picture was going to be of. #Seewhatididthere?
That I just drove a teal blue bus to my house in the middle of the night is nothing less than absurd. But totally awesome.
ED FSA session on Two-Factor Authentication announces plans to issue physical tokens to 90,000 privileged users to address security
what's going on...you in town
the best person ever I love him and always will support him he's amazing! I wish he would follow me !!(:
blog post I saw going around recently that seemed very much a rehashing of Serano's work.
All #CES #celeb spotting, sponsorships w/ on the floor in Las Vegas #OFC. US #1 voice Ted Williams make an appearance yet?
K-Rod getting loose. Kottaras on-deck. Looks like Greinke's day is done.
Wondering who is still serving food on Las Olas?!?! WE ARE!!! Late Night Menu till 1am!! Come on in!!! ;-))
HEY I made a new 1D Twitter and it's called , will you please follow it for me? It's really funny!!!
why is being naked in public against the law? anyone?
hooray erin! see you soon!
i didnt get my hair wet at all when it airdrys it looks like a dogs tail.
sounds but no visual. Only at AMC
Thx! I will!
Very cool to meet you all there
You're so vain, you probably think this song is about you.
Happy to be waking up at the beach-- even if it is at Toddler o clock.
Where is everybody lately?
Getting ready to head to yosemite to checkout tenaya lodge for #waml13. Never been, excited to see the grandeur and get outside a bunch.
where are you going?
Whats a good app for the iphone if you're training for a 5k #idontwanttodie ?
Now tell me how u love it u know at the top, and on the heavens right above it
I know you all too well!
": bahaha you are wildin' on twitter." Help me shes drunk & Im sober :(
The Question of Palestine!
this is insane. let's see if they can get Jones sent off in the FA Cup vs. Everton to go for the hat trick.
Now following
Mosquito bites <<<< But at least that means summers coming! :D
# InterviewQuestion How does a good boss act? #Jobs Always say a great manager uses a cross between task and people skills!
needs 2 realize What kesha said & how she said it WAS NOT the same way she took it. I hope viewing how it was said T feels diff
was talking about positive psych and #3goodthings with friends, then saw your tweet. Thanks for inspiring!
Thanks for all the great recommendations you guys!
lee starting to get crazy smh!
Its always a GREAT day in my book when that faggot lebron takes the L.
that video was crazy!
Positive thinking
No more blackberry. R.i.P. I miss you greatly. best phone I've ever had.
chef, is it true the darker the berry, the sweeter the juice?
I'm looking forward to fellowshipping and speaking with the Brothers in St. Louis tonight.
- I'm honored - thank you!
thx4 the offer, man. I'm trying to balance a heavy workload with a lil' time to chill a bit. Gym-time w' my Marines!
hey hey hey! Pleasant surprise!
250 lbs of sexy
Donating plasma and they are playing Bayonetwork by over the speakers....this old dude next to me looks pissed haha
Nice! I'll get those next. First time here, and the food is amazing! Thanks for the heads-up!
WOW!!! not looking like a team with a chance to CLINCH home field thru the playoffs!! #purplecitybirdgang need a miracle !!!
yeah.lmao he was like "you focus more on them than me.." &i said "lemme guess you wanna break up?" & he was like "yeah..ithink"
Why do I feel like it's going to be this way all year long? Lots of 1 run games for the Brewers I like to call the after-Prince factor.
praying for them “: About 75 percent of tiny Thurman, Iowa, destroyed by possible tornado, officials say - ”
If there was a zombie outbreak we would be too distracted by Obamacare & Trayvon shooting to notice. Im sure other news is going on? No?
ok, i'm back from school :) funny day.
As We say Goodbye August...:-) We say A Big Hello September!
Bern u good in time
Message me/Hit me up when you come through and we'll make it happen for sure.
countered ur offer, which was fair but hate trading bat for arm
if I had I wish it would be to meet you :) 6
thanks for coming out honey. When's the next adventure?
“: I don't leave much room in my future for people who left me in their past.”
Gottlieb: Asked Rizzo how much he makes. Rizzo coughs out, $700k. whispers "Jesus Christ." Gottlieb says, "how much?"...
The Kills? Killing me. Where are the Raconteurs?
considering hunkering down and getting a real job some day.
Anyone who has played can participate in the exit symposium.
I'm wishing for a trip to the UK... have a dear friend in London and I never visit. But I'd take SLC too! Happy travels,
Davis, Jones, Gilchrist, Lamb & Teague enter NBA Draft. We'll file that under least surprising news in history.
It's always great to have a good art reason to go back someplace!
Hey....that means something....right?
From publisher to Gensisus Book of World Records to now a State Dinner in Australia. I am so busy since my media in PDX in Jan
your photo might give it away.
Why double? Based on what?
Matti rode 7.5 miles beside me while I ran. Great father/daughter time.
It takes two to have an argument.
sorry about that! We're looking into it!
DISGUSTING!`` Use your power 2 boycott the rag that did this
She got the scholarship? YAY!!! :))))
Im confused.. Is Hurricane being sarcastic about the senior prank, or wad it seriously good?
RT “: smh at u....*runs away and cry* lol” | I promise I'll keep in touch lol
it's not me is it ?
Praise & Worship at home is soothing to the spirit. Tonight let the spirit of God into your home.
iM PROTECTED BY THE SPiRiT SO DEATH iiON FEAR iT<U+2665>
: nah.. I'm good on that.. Keep in touch on your first coaching gig!
right bc i dont want you over the balcony...
Honestly i want my own Son/Daughter
what are the boxes? I have an Android so I don't see it.
I don't think this worked right, man.
you need an otterbox for your phone...
I hear that man. All about perspective
Closing for the summer, open one day a week next school year. This hardly supports my rock and roll lifestyle.
shoot, you've got it made if you have a humidifier and vicks. Love that stuff. It's 5am over here. Sleep would be nice :(
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summer time <U+263A>
you'll be glad to know I am awake for #shehechat at least at the moment.
All of the Shen Yun musician's voices are all very wonderful.
Come on #Devils! Lets make this a 2 - 0 series!
T-ball pratice!
do a twitcam!!!!
Libraries with fortified walls. Not everyone can enter. May need to take An exam. Anyone can enter even if they need help.
random people will give you funds to build things, especially if offered something cool in return :)
thanks for the follow as well! I'm working tonight... but did get to do some golfing this morning, so that was great!
Great set during SOYA live show last night! Awesome job!
#happythanksgiving to all my fam & friends..to all the military, service workers & thiers..we r thankful 4 your service..God Bless!
It's a chilly, but gorgeous day out there! Happy #LundiGras everyone!
This terrible indigestion is my body's way of telling me that I shouldn't have eaten an entire buffet.
we can have a talent show.....where everyone does The Kailee. WE WOULD MAKE SO MUCH TEHEH
I'll sleep when I'm dead
It's okay to go to bed with slippers, right?
I have a feeling he might have taken the cash. Never trust a man in a dumpster.
The accordion adds a lot to a band! Of Monsters & Men doing it right!!
I feel sad.
Where are you? All you piggies ready for tomorrow?
Let's become professors. Women's studies? I say yes. Become heroes of our generation? Sounds like a plan.
True. Having kids to save a bad marriage is *bad.* But having kids can make a good marriage better.
They are memories on my feet, and my canvas to make a statement.
attempting to learn the thief from the hugo score on piano. it sucks not to have sheet music. Shit! i finally did one chord! (fail)
Jerry ;D yes, I might be late but oh well
- tired: tired of state budgets. tired of politicians. tired of democrats. tired of republicans.
is it me or is #Refworks clunky today?
Chick Video Converter download - Download Chick Video ...
DENVER, I'm still recovering. Thanks for a great First Waltz and Uke Fest.
Fruit beats robots if you're human & enjoy living.
I don't wanna think I just wanna drink
do u look at or consider submissions w/o a referral? If so, what makes u decide to bring them in for an interview?
Home form jewlery party! Now sleepover with the cuz!
The Colors Blue and Red
Players can be manually added to the player pool.
Thanks for the follow<<33
And you guys were right! I like it!
#youknowyoubrokewhen your momma put a piece of paper on the tv and call it paper view
Remembering all of those who were lost 10 years ago today.
My early birthday wish would be for to RT this, reply to me or follow me(: either would be great you know since my bday is on wed.
Thanks for the #ff!
Tiger loses Tour Championship to Michelson and wins $10,000,000 and Fed Ex Cup.. www.pgatour.com
what's the first thing we both do in the morning? Check our selves out...
4 NEW FANS SWEET!!!!
Our new single is done and ALMOST ready for release...
well dont be lazy you dont need to be active you can just sit up or something just stand straight
You name the day/time and we'll be there!! :)
America is the most powerful nation and we have the most debt. We are the wealthiest, so what does that make debt.
To my Dallas peeps, be safe and take cover!!
but , i'm in other kind of fog.
i got to meet his parents yesterday lol it was worth the wait, i had the chance last month but it was my fault :(
A daily dilemma of my own!
Good Morning! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2600>
the is your place to watch all the playoff action. 52 LCD screens and 12 HD projectors. Every game!!
[Campus Bulletin] Don't know about you, but we sure are ready for a long weekend after that exhausting week of classes.
Hwk and talking about ! :)
Miley who?
9pm is my new bedtime. loving my little delaney ruth.
You're definitely right about that!
I love 90's music videos
we hope everyone starts playing racquetball. where do you guys play at?
I want to. My husband has a manual but he doesn't really want me to learn on his. :)
My mom said she was proud of me yesterday that made me feel so gud :-)
- you're right. Plus w/capital gains taxed @ 15%, those wealthy enough to have a fair amount of income from investments pay even less
O.o i have a guess who xD but good luck!!
Or, you could use 's plugin and save yourself the torture. Have the drink anyway, 'cause encoding is better w/Scotch
RT : Jerry Kramer can lead a horse to water AND make it drink.
Bra bullies! hahahah Lucky for me, I can't fit into any of that shit.
awe so sweet! Travel safe and God bless u and the family. Listened to your testimony last nite and am rejoicing with u...GBU
What a great eve with the 6:13 Men at JFBC. Hearing from many who shared they have a similar story. Comforting to know we battle together.
Iight!!! I been here since Thursday..
yes @/olivia_holt take out the slash.
wahhhh have fun!!! Can't be there :( at the hawks game! Next time fo sho!
Paul Newman is such a badass in Color of Money. Need to watch Cool Hand Luke again.
REMEMBER - the good bowlers and the bad bowlers UNITE - FEBRUARY 19th!!!
We are glad to have your back!
Mark your calendars! The 29th Annual Chuy's Hot to Trot 5K & Kid K benefiting Special Olympics Texas, is May 5th... CINCO DE MAYO....
NEW DEMO WILL BE UPLOADED TODAY >:]
Thanks for the MT re alum
it was me!
I'm a sucker for a baseball player
Through the use of socialmedia I plan to track my progress w/ diet & lifestyle changes. I'm only competing w/ MYSELF to be the best me!
Apparently you got to be a negative black stereotype to be on TV. Or the worst example of a role model. Or Lebron James. Or Kobe Bryant.
They certainly speak their own language. :)
3 mini music beatmixes just got added!
#NC: I tweeted earlier that Maurice #Sendak was with his partner for 50 years. Almost glad he didn't have to see what you've done today.
You're funny with the kale cupcakes. Working off those extra holiday lbs., cutting back on the sweets, even the #gf ones. <3
great ? that keeps on coming up. I think no, to curate you have to value add, not simply aggregate.
Hahaha ok thx, deal. that would be funny haha
"Lady Gaga has incredible brand strength, the most Twitter followers."- Lynn Zettler
What, is that the Elephant Man's mitten?
It was the most entertaining play of the game.
A nice cold shower sounds good right now especially after a workout Ah
Picked up my dress, now off to make my makeup appointment.
Interviewed guy to replace me at my job. Here's a tip for interviewees- take off your Patagonia fleece beforehand!
We are SO excited and can't wait to see pictures! RTThe are here!
Hope our MVP's enjoy their special gifts.
Can't went to have a birthday fiesta for my BFF tomorrow! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>
Lmfao what?! stop being all serious! (: im fucking with you, stop PMS ing!!(:
Hi Jeets. Greetings from DR! :)
We need to catch up! Hit me back and let's chat. Miss seeing you make things "vanish":-)
#PoorMansBand is sounding sick!
I see Devon Still up there and all I can do is Pray Phils knows our History with Penn State.
i got money on my mind
Great Locals
daenerys the mother of dragons !!!
Congrats to all! RT: san diego music award nominees anncd! leads w four nods, followed by /
Hold up. Wait a minute, wait a minute. Jesus Christ.
Wednesday lunch special - Sea Bass "Hong Kong Style."
every time i watch the a walk to remember i get so emotional :'(
Burnstein advises teaching more of an overview at early grades: modeling from atoms to planets.
how can you see my outfit from there?
Have an awesome evening sir.
did u hear about dad's car?
Thank you to all the heroes who participated in yesterday's blood drive!
pretty good yourself? I think you pulled into the neighborhood behind me the other night haha
But Luc put the 1 sign down then hit the bottom of his catchers mask to indicate he wanted hi-fastball again. Molina struck out to set up DP
- that's four more than I know :-)
#theverge event was pretty hilarious - look for more Sigrid clones in 2012
Was just told I should work in fashion due to my great sense of style :-)
good evening Chris,,all good today,,gr8 sign for the week!
Lols Today Was Chilling !
Watching the #masters - love to watch #bubba grip it n' rip it!
Is anyone even going?
i cant believe carefree little nialler smokes wtf! This is the cause of the stress and pressure these boys are under!
WATCH: iamwhoiam 'play' official music video
Happy Saturday folks. Do something fun today, like go outside and play. :)
a kid I went to high school is zenons third cousin. Haha small world
good night and happy cinco de mayo
me to
at #LsmChicago listening to team pitches right now
ATTN: Who wants to go to the Cornbread eating contest with me and tomorrow at ???
I know right!
The art of Lady Envie is showing at until the end of the month in room 15. % of any purchases goes to charity.
Fiction winner: Salvage the Bones by Jesmyn Ward
So just used 'being overwhelmed by tacos' as an excuse for being late to work the merch table. Should I fire her?
Congratulations to Benny The Beaver from Oregon State University, the 2010 Capital One Mascot Challenge Write-In Winner.
#hahaha I am still Learning just having fun. No #concerts as of now. Just working on
#9RoundMinute: 20 Speed skaters followed with a 30-second Plank! Lets go, #Madison!!
I will eventually go cold turkey and I will expect as much moral support as you do 'stalking'. :)
Out of $1500 HORSE. Ran awful Disappointing cause that's the event I was looking forward to the most. Out of $330 super w 10s vs As 22 BB
This Clippers/Grizzles game is cool but not really. The Spurs are going to run through whichever team that makes it.
I can't believe I slept on the fact that is playing in the Bay tonight. FACK FACK FACK FACK *FACK*!!!
Heading to #Denver to #coach a great company and see wonderful friends.
I would totally go to a #warof1812 documentary watching party!
Tagged is proud to be a sponsor for 's San Francisco Mixer on May 26th. See you there! j.mp/mtWEiF
will read Lizza & agree legislative accomplishments exist. But, GOP obstruction not responsible 4 Geitner, Summers, & Immelt.
-- Yea Him Too
there is a person named Travis porter lol
#4famouswords I am so done !
It's #ChocolateChipDay everyone! What chocolate chip ice cream will you be getting at Sebastian Joe's?
Gluten free pancakes at Key's cafe #minneapolis. Life is great!
Cant believe school starts Thursday gonna be going to the big kid school
Tom: What did the banana say to the elephant? Nick: I don't know. Tom: Nothing. Bananas can't talk.
So I was watching WMYB music video just to see the girl in the background and SHE REALLY IS THERE :O so flackin creepy!!!
Does Koby play for the NO Saints? Seriously!!! Lay off hacker.
Listening now, I kind of like it, actually. Who's hating?
Marlins playing like shit. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
We FALL, for Fall every year. What's your favorite Fall activity?
Tax Day is no fun, but these freebies can make it better!
Im at BW3's
u kno my bday next month I'm talking bout coming to the h
Thanks for the follow
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal. -Earl Nightingale
I never have any idea what you're talking about
i miss
"Don't Hate. Accelerate." :
I'm getting paid to 'promote', it's business. ;) (& it's working)
#healthtip: Thin-skinned fruits and vegetables have higher levels of pesticides in them
HEY I FEEL U ON DAT I ROCK WIDD IT NO LIE LET EM KNOW WAT IT IS
Looking forward to a great meeting tonight. We're talking #Israel & ice cream
Listening to and there music is amazing defiantly addicted!!!!!!
Ack!! Come dress me.
#AGirlDeserves The truth.
OMG That is so.. cute :) RT if u think so ... and if u can follow me please!!
is stoked my "internship" was officially extended six more months. Time to find out just how much change I can affect.
can you send me more info on your blog ad rates? DM or email. Thx!
Lol what makes you say that? Are we matchmaking today, Mr. Anton?! :p
thank you so much for the birthday wish :) your an amazing friend to :) love u <3
That's too funny
Reading the book "Healing the hardware of the soul" by Daniel G Amen
Yay home, I can finally eat <U+263A>
I'm such an awkward person
2 hour nap is what i needed ^______^
Disregard my last tweets. My brother took over...
I know what your favorite country song is though
S/O to DOCTOR'S who tell's em how you FEEL???
Thanks for the pointers when I was trying to figure out shp files
“: Missouri would be the first team to win 30 games from a power conference and not receive a 1 seed!”
LOL. Justin admits to having a beer before but says he never went out of control. I'm waiting for bitches to rage.
I'm giving up on these bg-images. I stripped the html & css down, and I still couldn't get it work. :/
Just found out I have acid reflux from the Doc due to stress! Need to stay away from Chocolate,caffeine & alcohol ,WTH!! Life sucks then!LOL
Rondo wtf did you just do...
*You've Been Through Some Things? :( Wanna Talk About It Twitter Buddy?
Will be recording new music with a Seattle legend soon! Yay!
we don't have practice
<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> GOD for blessing me I'm getting closer to my DREAMS
Everybody keep up with Asrar Sweets7365 she is just to sweet :))
Just got off work ^.^ Getting paid Tuesday. Yaaaaay.
good luck girl !! I have my fav though, but good luck to you all.
Let's go!
I miss you to man!
Judge urges new trial in 1990 Missouri farm death
Omg did y'all just see #russSmith break lil buddies ankles?
I'm gonna regret staying up this late :s
During ur story u should ask 1-800-Flowers y charge $5 and $15 4 delivery on Fri & Sat in addition to Std Delivery cost.
oh darling...
just getting up yikes I missed everything .....
so ready for friday and the weekend
At ariake sushi in Sunnyvale. Spicy tuna yum!
Funny. I threw it raw footage from 2 cams on half day shoot and it did great.
When I feel the urge 2 complain abt how tired I am the Lord reminds me how blessed I am that I have so much 2 be tired ABOUT.
can we?
We can fly to never never land.
GM to all!
all is good
i have been california dreaming so much lately
Going to the land sunshine and fake blondes for a few days. See you L8ER fogtown.
thanks so much for the follow! You now have a Mattrezzz Guy!
make sure to get a before you throw out your pitch!!
$5k isn't a lot for a website, but we don't have to hire motorcycle stuntmen, so our overhead is lower.
Yeah, I thought so too. Definitely something to add to our DVD collection at the Jefferson Library.
omg can people like learn how to spell.....?
ok. need an outfit. need train ticket. need to buy a hard copy of blown away tomorrow morning. need to get ready to maybe possibly MEET CU!!
I think #thatcamp #se tried to kill me (well, the extracurricular parts). Met some smart, excellent folks. Great conversations. Thx, peepz.
looking good dude!!
Watching 1st episode of Walking Dead. Okay, now I get all the hubbub about it. Brutal. Excellent.
GRE practice time- just shoot me
thanks for the recommend Blood, Bones & Butter
What of I don't?
Congrats 2 who won the ticket & art giveaway 4 's show tomorrow! We DMed u the deets! Enjoy!
#Socialmediatip: A company wanting to leverage social media must already be SOCIAL. Don't invite everyone to a conversation + then spin it
burned 673 calories doing 45 minutes of "Elliptical Trainer"
Yup , Vanessa got game c:
I'm going to go again this weekend, too! :D
[You look like you taste like apple-cinnamon cider... Yes, that was a 'not-strange' sexually referenced compliment.]
Glad you like it! Thanks for watching. :)
Twitter proving to be a subpar forum for the Uthoff transfer debate.
I honestly just saw ur tweets right now. My bad..I got u next time. Its not false advertisement. Promise. Ha2
"you can have ten Attaboys* but one Ohshit* and youre back in the hole"
Meetings are indispensable when you don't want to do anything.
#WBWednesday Work began on Bmore Women Build, here's your fun Wednesday fact: Victoria Woodhull (1838-1927) First woman to run for President
Stupid True Headlines - "Safety Experts Say School Bus Passengers Should Be Belted"
Great post, B!
indeed it does -.-
but the Bieber
chapter9 is up:) TWEET ME YOUR THOUGHTS RT IT, PLEASE <3
#Spurs and the 76ers tonight in San Antonio.
keeping my head up helps me forget about the bullshit im steppin onn
nah u saw that italian hoe commercial??
i want to hear Jamez Anthony
I don't think I can handle another year of this shyt seriously. I'm tired of this shyt
Wow, that's just wrong. RT 'Are all fringe venues this small? #theatregeekbaiting'
Just delivered that Seattle Sorbets to Sandpoint Metropolitan Market.
#FF He'll corrupt the hell out of you
Once I get frustrated it just sticks to my face. No matter how hard I try to not be aggravated it just takes a while to come off my face
Gotta a lot of women but I'm way too choosy!
Man my body I sore! Hurts so good! Going on a trail run after work...anyone wanna join?
Can't sleep....
Killing these weak ass niggas out here, that's why yo bitches be gettn at me on the side ! :-)
- next time you're in SF I'll take you on a Dim Sum Show Down!
Good Morning World Don't forget to stop by Super Impact Super specials going on check it out
#Ladies My shoulders are really sore. A good massage is just what I need. Any takers?
I love eating champagne grapes...they're like fruity caviar
I need a 5 hour energy shot directly injected into my bloodstream
"your mellow! You little.....mellow, yellow fellow'."
By the way the estate market is hotter than...stated, interest only arms
So once again its ON Baby
Fuck u Robert. Leave my homeboys name out ya mouth! Or ima get these Cali boys to fuck u up!
So if the government shuts down do we still owe them taxes? The obvious answer is yes, the logical answer is obviously no
Thank you
Bored to death in law school and not lookin forward to citing ugggggggggghhh!!!!
sometimes i wish i did act like a boy lol Gotta love ciara :)
come pimp my cubicle. That is all. Carry on.
You've had a million and one chances. Too bad my limit is one million.
OK. Sorry about that.
still don't think he deserves it. the dude obviously sucks first half, but he's heating up a little bit...
Baby u put the smile on my face!
Washing My Clothes and Blasting Depressing Music Cause Im Just Not In The Mood.........................!
RT Starting in 1 min. here , 25 ppl will be sworn in as naturalized American citizens. A truly moving ceremony.
they are not getting a divorce. i have the inside scoop lady :-)
good morning everyone. i hope you have some fun activities planned for today.
i soo want to follow!!!!
here's hoping they play the third with more urgency.
Attending webinar on best practices for faculty-led programs.
morse code? Ha
down to the wire like kaynes album doe
Awesome, thanks!
Why does Rick Santorum always looks confused/disoriented at these debates when he's not speaking?
Remodels and new updates are something I can help you with.
that sums it up..=)
i like the pics you posted. I feel like you should post more:)
Where's the pic of ?
“: I just cussed loud af kuz oomf entered my mentions ahaha” just mention me, it's not hard :)
im in harris right now
That's great! Wonderful people at Costco.
Time to move on, time to get going. What lies ahead I have no way of knowing. But under my feet, baby, grass is growing. -
Ron Gizzle! Everything good w/ me bro. Decided to hang up the cleats and took an executive team leader position w/ Target. You?
fantastic you?
if you don't hold the door open for people theres a 95% chance I will punch you in the face
And Obama wants it RT : If you end your day with more than 1 dollar in change in your pocket you Failed at some point today.
Want to talk about bubbles? How about a Detroit Documentary bubble.
Determined to perch On the porch, drenched mocking bird Shivers off spring rain.
#1Dforme gotta love them no matter what there just amazayn ;)haha
i will probably pass..show last night and then shows for the next 3 nights. i do love though!
why isn't there a REAL Hip-Hop police? like the ones that don't allow tennis players and socialites to rap and record songs?
": . Thanks for handing us the 2012 elections. Much love, Democrats <3 <3. Opposite is true. Gop just solidified.
Does this deafening silence meam nothing to no one but me?
Oh yeah Geraldo, know who else wears a hoodie? Mark Zcukerberg
On to the 9th, Mets still lead 5-4.
Show me a person who succeeded in a vacuum and I will show you hubris at it's best.
Just drove a stranger home from the gas station at 2:00AM. I don't know weather to be proud or ashamed.
Kentucky with their best field-goal percentage defense for a single season (37.4%) since 1961-1962 (36.8%).
24 hours in a day, 24 beers in a case. Coincidence? I think not.
WHY DON'T PEOPLE LIKE SPORTS? UGH.
I just paid $5.75 for 1 hour street parking. If I left it there 24 hrs, 30 days, I'd pay $4120 WTF Chicago?
can you please follow my other twitter :)
And mullets too! (I've never been, but I'm guessing so)
Am so enthused about U of A neuron repair research by Dr. Sherman, Dr. Falk etc.+ Dr D. Mender/Yale r'srch-neuro phase NeuroQuantology
This tweet's 4 any1 who's lost any connection in my life: love y'all the same-Despite differences-U were meant to touch my life for a reason
The Masters has consumed the Yeager/Walker household.
its "inevitable"
Own 2 diff shades of #blush: 1. totally natural & is the color of naturally flushed cheeks 2. one that's a bit brighter for a pop of color.
i smile because i love being one of your angels :) <3
Free Antivirus You Can Trust
Having a wonderful time! ;)
When would you sit the Big 3 for the rest of the season?
T- sizzle
I will keep you in the loop, we will be having a one day tournament July 1st, keep the date open It will be fun
i have an addiction to collecting plastic fast food utensils.. never know when you'll need a spork
RT Urbanism:intellectual movement that celebrates the pwr of cities 2 reduce our enviro. footprint & increase our quality of life
Goin to the US :)<U+2665>
glory? ahah not sure that is the word for it #pain ?
Good morning, sunshine!
yeah. We did. Didnt care. Just another team 2 beat (or lose to). Glad u guys are still around! I'm all 4 the right to play
We would love to help you out with old copiers and printers, please let us know how we can help. 303-778-0600
don't let him hear you call him a fatty. It could hurt his self-esteem.
found an original monogrammed Andy Kaufman tux jacket that I want to wear at the show at Pyramid Eclipse Gather in a few weeks
got this party turnt up to the max!!!
Neat! I think I will give the George Washington one a try.
wow Paul McCartney still has it
From all of us we like to wish you all a Happy Thanksgiving!! Thanks everyone for their support! Time to kick back, max & relax
Remember the 52 poor Jews who were deported 8/9/1942 after the Jewish Council of Zwierzyniec, Poland, ransomed its community with gold
hello twitterverse. it was about time to kick off a professional twitter account. here we go!
I don't get those tweets anymore <~ peep the name change. breaking a 100 is easy when youre playing at muni.
Our kind of app! RT Fried banana and coconut ice cream made a great appetizer! Thank you:) delicious as always!
ugh. . . smart phones and stupid people
u tryin to smoke some
yeah boy NINERS gonna knock Gayton out in pre season!
finally back inside my original TWITTER account, now gotta go add new followers...oh well...im back to the ORIGINAL..whooohooo
I am totally a self-proclaimed expert on menus. Just never before in a professional sense.
D soon, heck ya!!!!! Then off to bed have Bingo in tha ma
Nice little 3.6 mi #run on the GVG out of Mt. Morris... Keepin' it easy after banging out a 20 mile trail run on the FLT yesterday!
I feel the same way RT : CSS is easy enough that I don't feel like SASS or LESS is necessary to learn.
Nothing quite as romantic as the humane society. Wouldn't want to spend Valentines any other way! Http://twitpic.com/3zz06a
Today is the first day of summer hours...which means i can either start drinking earlier.
hey there, you wouldn't happen to know any good 2d animators in the area would you?
Just delivered a box for a home remodel in the woodlands. We do work all over the greater Houston area!!
You think those your friend u really d I can't wait til u find out the truth
Traffic is so bad my GPS asked if I wanted to switch to pedestrian mode! No joke!
Damn u #knicks. Goodnight Twitter
This chick ain't wash her hands coming out the bathroom tf public restrooms r the worse
lol you rapist hahh im gonna do that to kendall an MORE!!!!
they are so totally the best band!
Loving pandora
Your lips, my ass, they should meet.
we'll be back after Christmas! What's your holiday plan?
Titus, you're in!
I miss tanning...
I have learned that me + the dark + lots of set pieces = injuries. What can I say? I'm clumsy xD
Is it my imagination or R there more commercials with black males and white females as couples on TV?
Also, Tom Cruise may be batpoo insane IRL, but damn is he an amazing actor!
and it'll bring your tolerance down too lol
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. ~ Albert Einstein
Thanks for the request...all the best!
Great times on the cruise!! Hope you had a wonderful Birthday!! Many pics coming soon!
We just arrived back in the U.S. We're in New York and I'm very, very tired! #JetLagHasn'tHit
If we have the time and supplies, suren no problem.
did I ever send you my address?
Online flashcards and cupcakes too at the tutor desk. Come hang out with some StudyBlue reps and let's do this.
Bored as hell.
- Thanks for the shout out!
parked my car outside while the moon was waxing. My car is no shinier.
Hey guys we are happy to announce we are releasing a five song EP within the next four months. New music baby!!
I'm not a Pastor. I'm a Match in the grace of God, born in the fire, and I won't settle for the smoke.
amazing mexican places al over so cal but this sushi place will change your life!
Earthquakes, an tornados in November.
Don't understand what I mean when I say KEEP IT IN THE ROAD? Well keep on goin south & somewhere in a small town you'll get the answer!
I'm eating like a fool already out here lol
Disney Channel >>> MTV's phone sex commercials . #LateNightTV .
Probably not gonna be traveling just yet. need to get a few shows under our belt locally then figure out what to do! :]
I love you
so u hit peoples in the face wit sticks now ?
Finished taxonomy for soil & land, agronomy, crops & plants.
AYE HE LOOK JUST LIKE U BRA
sorry to hear that. similar happened to me, realized a key got stuck upon a spill on the keyboard
What you do speaks so loud that I cannot hear what you say - Emerson
RT going to sleep pissed off <
it's not okay
Watch This Incredible 3D Light Show Over Water That Jordan Brand Used To Hype Carmelo Anthony's New Shoe via
Thanks for the like, Toni Benton Perez!
Happy Holiday’s! Enjoy your day with friends, families & neighbors.
Mornnnnninnnnn!!! Today is #movingday for the uranium universe!
We have heard a lot of demand for Jackson Potts II in Texas!
Don't ever hold your applause for me -Wale
#ChevyChase RT : "Humor is emotional chaos remembered in tranquility." - James Thurber
I have loved you for a thousand years...
My mom bought me tickets to the wiz khalifa and Mac miller concert today! #happygirl<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> now I just need to find people to go with me..
Got Out Early Today =) Boutta Go Take A Shower
this is VERY true okay and yay okay
quality is hard to find
wink wink
If I give what i have up ill be STUPID
The Ga Dep of Juv Justice reports that 4 Atlanta's Fulton County, Black youth made up over 93% of total intake 4 criminal offenses
That is never too often repeated, which is never sufficiently learned. ~ Seneca
Besides eating a bunch of CURRY...What are your plans for this weekend?
Indiana Jones 4 = stupidest movie ever. Aliens? Srsly? lame.
RT : Candid interview with IPS Superintedent tonight...says he's fed up with the media! 'cuz they hold him accountable?
I know! This is the most badass book I've read in years!
scandal is my new favorite show. Kerry Washington is electrifying in this show how do I audition for a role
Goodnight to see you tomorrow ^.<333 !
We heard a rumor the little guy came out this am blowin' his horn and swingin' somethin' fierce. What does THAT mean?
didn't text back so I guess she dont wanna go to dairy queen
Get out and enjoy this amazing weather! We've got live music at 5 with Kyle Giauque:)
I love you, Lu!
will do ;)
well, we take orders over the phone & are quite capable running payment info through our POS system.
thanks hot chocolate!
blowing your nose is so awkward!!
You will always have problems come your way in life bcuz it's just how it is but it's your choice on how u wanna take it
But it's probably impossible because to her parents I'm evil -_____-
People expecting way too much out of that kid.
#WeWontWork if you're a pussy
Can't Wait, its going to be Amazing!!! Let the count down begin <AB
god it's gorgeous today!
I feel a sense of relief now that murder charges have finally been brought in the case of
I believe after my travels I will relax for atleast 2 hours till I have to do something beneficial. I guess I will take a nap
#ThankYouNKOTBSB You helped get me thru a rough year. Especially you Mr.
Lines are shortening at track 7, they'll be ope until 8. Belgian IPA is really good.
I heard is having a BIRTHDAY!!!! :D :D :D
Snooki reminds me of Minnie Mouse.
Food Fact of the Day: May 10, 1850 Sir Thomas Johnston Lipton, grocer and tea merchant, was born.
Ume is on now. Come see us at The Grackle 8pm. Free show
I'm thinking Jon Hammer, personally.
its more like my mom is the loser. So haha
yea Forsure man
JUST fell asleep and woke up to the biggest spider ever crawling on my neck. He's lucky i love spiders or i wouldve flipped and murdered it.
Thanks for sharing. We'll look into it for sure!
Yes if its Thursday, it must be time for JazzCast.
RT Hot tip: Gordon Dunsire addressing CC:DA/SAC at 10:30 am, Hilton Riverside Grand Salon C. Subjects at int'l level
45 degrees on February 15th. Suck it, Winter
Now Rosemary Clooney, maybe.
too many people tweetin at once!!!!!!
Not yet. She's still in her box at the moment. Hoping to make space for her tomorrow!
George Clooney always looks lovely!
if we make it im buying a ticket though man
And just about every non-traditional teaching method I used had some fans and some haters.
#AmericanIdol is a great place to learn a little humility & grace
"Let he who is without influence pay the first tax."
my nose hates me. :(
That was painful seeing you.... I missed you...
Joshua (welcome 2 America).
you use #salesforce to manage some of your data. We also manage provider data with certified SF admins if we can help.
Maybe? Just call me..
I can't accept your follow from my phone, but next time Im online I will. hope life is treating you decently
Having had no issues with patrons for the longest time, I just got my first creepy dude complete with heart pounding and prickly sensation.
I forgot to put that cockblocker no2 'IS' my BestFuckinFriendForLife.....hands down!
both of course!
Good or bad point in your life when Activia commercials turn you on?
#FF Journos who fear no tiger.
At the point in my project where I can say I "feel for the Jews". Now my paper is flowing because I don't have to bullshit how I feel.
waiting for my little rockstar to be born!
We're just a distributor of the brands we carry, we don't import them.
Woohoo! We just reached our 1,000th Twitter follower! Thank you all for following and for your support of the Puget Sound arts community! :)
Went with S to sell some car parts to some Craigslist guy. Of course he ends up talking hondas with this dude for 5 hours.
Fight fight fight #nbcfbdebate someone give Sununu his Prozac
Can anyone at actors equity put my name on the ecc list for gypsy?? Gratzie!
check out the new site. www.bestpractice-llc.com
Ya know... i was singing that all day long. Just that line... no others. Just thought i'd tell you.
At the half, leads Trinity 39-37.
we used to be friends too! how are you?!
Apple or Android trendin again. Choosing a smartphone is a 1st world problem. 3rd world countries dont know they exist. Just be grateful.
Legitimacy questions resulted in the creation of the United States
it's a touch-ey subject lol...but he better watch his back tomorrow. I may have bought a nerf gun....
We KNOW you're following us. I mean, we are your favorite window company... Love the cowbell.
Did u find any Karen Kingsbury books after the garage sale yesterday?!
If you give in to one trend, you might as well give in to them all, then you will end up with a bunch of unless clothing! Blaze your own!
you're an angel! Needed that!!!
My friend was on 'COPS' twice. And the dumb fuck is proud of it! SMFH! (loser)
Glass tile is the hottest trend in today’s design trick bag. Glass tile plays with light, adds liquid sheen and brings any room to life.
I cannot believe how some of the #bbn is treating It's very embarrassing for the program.
Your wife is right--including that push off to hit that trey at the end of the half...
no Nathan, that was Mikil -.-
three hours and counting till vacation :-)
Happy Easter!
I love the feeling of new contacts.
my mom said she can take me over around 2ish...but call me right noww!
Nice to meet you last night event:
uh huh. "late"
Although the papers eventually corrected the story, the melodramatic headlines of the initial stories had done their work.
my brodiee lamar get out tomorrow on tha Lord
Right by my Side - Nicki Minaj >
Great! Hope to meet you and others from the area. Any tips for a #SXSW newbie?
But trololollll omg
It's the best! Can't wait to start taking classes in #SF! I'd love to go through the whole series and teach it someday :D
« « Fuck the Lakers & Kobe bitch ass.»»
Ughh so sore but whatever I gotta workout now then shower then sleep! Night yall! Love you :) <3
Math, science, history, unraveling the mysteries, that all started with a big bang!
God Gives Me Strength...and He Did So This Evening...Loving My Lord Jesus Christ...
Good day, Take this with you - Imagination is a force that can actually manifest a reality. Failure is an option, but fear is not...
Ohh, I love fast cars, slow kisses...
why do i have to clean my room before school. thats the dumbest thing ive ever heard.
To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides... Somehow its cold in here. :-/
baby daddy! Haha.
Reaching for the stars... <U+2728><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><U+2728>
That should cover just about everyone. :)
#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly lol lets see u, ugly an u need to change that asap
But I gotta come back for the art show for extra credit :/
very cool!
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
Sock it to em'
Zombie Run Organizer Wins 7th Annual Cupid&#39;s Cup Business Competition
The last time I did laundry at Smileys at this time a homeless guy asked if he could a pair of shorts while he washed his.
Yeah, it's awesome! :D
I don't know the key to success but I know the key to failure is trying to please everybody. Bill Cosby
#LINKUS - per a TMobile survey: 22% of would give up brushing teeth & 33% would give up sex before giving up their mobile phone
Last trip down to LA! Only 2 more weeks until I'm an SFer again! Can't wait!!
Do you know we keep all VSU yearbooks & catalogs? Come visit Lindsay-Montague & remember college memories, friends & family!
it must be
Apparently dougie ing is hard... Pfft bring it
(That is so wonderful. Thank you.)
I really don't like when someone tells me I can't do something. Makes me want to punch them in the face even if they are my friend. Hmm...
something just not right about people talking on the phone while using a public restroom.
We are at the Relay for Life of Beach Cities event at the Alta Vista Elementary School. Stop by. It's a great cause and you can get ZICO!
Lamb with lemon seasoning and white rice.
The Capital Grille is always a solid set up for a chain deal. #steaks #drinks #party $DRI
You just tweetn random stuff?
Three months of live grinding begins today with a WPT prelim at Bellagio. Nothing interesting to say about it. Nothing interesting expected.
My mom's freaking out because wrote on her Facebook wall. LOL! :P
This letter from the son could be enough to make Mr Single Dad lose custody. Who uses their child like that?!
Your lips move but i cant hear what you're saying.
Not really what that post is about, but it's a good line.
great to hang last night. I'm not sure what I like more, your beer obsession or your colorful scarf. You wear both well.
Let your kids Feed the Woozle. Note: 5-second rule doesn't apply. How cute is this? From & Gina Manola; review
rise n shine people!
are u on MM? i don't do much tfp honestly
It is the creative potential itself in human beings that is the image of God. - Mary Daly
I Hate When Im Tryna Tell Somebody Some && they Got they attention towards some else but claim they listenin -_-
Well now their are no excuses, you have the number so why you ain't used it text me yet lol
lol hell to the no...
#mymomwouldbeatmyassif i got pregnant
Nice, Time Warner's new bill pay site doesn't support Chrome, which is only the browser with the highest market share.
“: New twitter picture :) What do you guys think of my new red hair?” I love it! It looks gorgeous!<3
As I gaze into the depths of your eyes, I wonder and dream of all the ways I wanna fuck you.
Whats up w my goons today
Couldn't be happier to have drafted Iona player with 5th Rd Pick in my March Madness draft. Can't wait 'til they drop 3 digits on Marquette
My phone just got back on ima call u around 9, cause im typing a paper right now!
Ugh where the fuck is the buss! It's coolllddd
Tornado crossing I-35 south of Wichita
Early evening films: Made in India, The Lie, Louder than a Bomb
Ya, slowed a little last week... I gotta pick the pace back up!!
whats your favorite Bible verse!
I been waiting on that for a minute
A beautiful day in NYC (finally!) Going offline and spending the day in sunshine.
Ah poor Jordo!! I hate to see her cry too!!
we will, I told billups to go to 106 on Friday we mite meet up then if u wanna come
I done did some fucked up shit, but ima good nigga overall.
Hand me another Tequiza, bro.
This time of the night + music>
I think Billy Mintz's solo on "Relaxin at Camarillo" tonight may have been the best drums solo I've heard in 2012 so far.
so, you ever read a book and have one of those moments when the clouds part and the angels sing over your epiphany? Yea.
I like tonight's hard fought win over Miami even more than last Sunday's blowout.
i'm booking for Omaha's BOB at The Waiting Room on 5/6! 216-240-7582 or for more info :)
Roaches good unit
Congrats go out to #Loyno's Bateman team as they make another return trip to the national finals! Go Pack!
Today I'm not shaking, but I am moving forward and thinking about lots of things!
For the record I do consider drumsticks to be a completely reasonable breakfast.
a lot of game left to go. Go Ducks!!!
Today, I think I'm going to just be happy for everyone.
it's turtle time every episode, she is a complete lush, rude, and condescending, motto mention psycho!!!
Great series Atlanta, as always
as pointed out, almost 39k more votes cast in '12 primary than '08 primary, but lower turnout % b/c NC has more voters now
It's Moorseville's prom night! Have fun, !
freaking hilarious!!!
Loving Today's Post On - Check it Out!!!
What to my wandering eyes should appear, but Philly fans with class & respect as they cheer as Flyers leave ice in defeat? #BizarroWorld!
You're welcome! :)
Lmao! That's funny.
I can, it's cooled off here in Wisconsin
hard to believe a plane that large could be so full when ticket bought 45 days out. Frustrating.
thank you for the mention
I'll try and keep my eyes open!
“: Time is our most valuable resource. It's the only thing in life that's not possible to get back.” // Can't get words back, either.
wow that's awesome. I love that ep. It's a pretty great. Oh yeah! I forgot he played at warped. I was there too!
for reals... but totally worth it
hey its not my music its ! Follow him!
5... Guys that play soccer ;P
Sounds like your Neighborhood Watch lady has earned the nickname "The Enforcer."
Thanks love! It's a pretty fun little addition to the line up. We're excited. Hope you're having a wonderfully sunny day!
Sisters soccer game tonight.
There's a story at the bottom of this bottle.
You should get an Airport sandwich! JFK's are the best.
Next up: a 4 hour meeting! , are you serving cupcakes?
I always wonder if we just landed another commitment every time James Franklin tweets.
RT Interested in a career in broadcasting? Don't miss the #NABEFCareerFair in Vegas on April 18
Prime Time
come over (old videos!) whenever you'd like samrica, just txt me. all week is good, & we can go to Vince's.
I'm at Jen ehr farms, plucking 20 pounds of u pick tomatoes. www.wisconsingrown.com
Cinco de Mayo in a few hours and I'm already blitzed. I swear to christ if I drink tomorrow I'd better wake up next to Michelle Rodriguez.
On lunch with Elmer Sam chowder mobile
Ah, how I miss Texas!!! Bluebonnets should be on the way too.
Looks like my google calendar date is off just a bit: "Beekeeping Events" Ridge Beekeeper Association
And its completed... That's my #TwitterBreak *back to work .. logs off*
Just woke up out the best dream ever....#fukk mad now...nite of a pisces
"just wait till calc II. you'll want to kick baby ferrets." great, can't wait haha
RT : #quote via : Can he who is not at peace himself bring peace unto others? Buddha
HA! I'm sure things were a lot different a year ago. Just sayin'.
To build tourism, Konya should be marketed as a bucket list experience. The City's links to Sufism should considered be unmissable.
Just discussed our Zero Energy House with a Realtor who wants to sell them in a high end market! Thinks they are a great product!
You cannot consistently perform in a manner which is inconsistent with the way you see yourself. -Zig Ziglar
PLEASE DON'T DISAPPOINT YOUR FANS LIKE THAT... I WAS LOOKING FOR YOU TO REALLY DELIVERY GOOD HARD CORE RAP MUSIC ...LOVE YOU LIL KIM
Get to know teller Beth Horner before her Saturday night show Read her blog post, www.storytellingarts.org/blog - House Renovation and Love
Had a great time w/ my buddy at Applebees
They ended it already, but im sure they did say bye, it was just cut off :( Please help us trend #voteforMeganandLiz? :)
Sweet Christ, pretty sure Randy Wolf would have had a better AB there....
Today's blog: An Interview With Four Agents--article in Poets & Writers
not that hard lol
so I've heard! I have a love affair with the city - so I'll be back for good by June 1. Wanna grab a cuppa joe sometime? :)
Shout out coming back your way! Great to see you at #2012MOSTLS. Thanks for all your work to increase OST for youth!
ive held one in my hand
I don't think they make those in any other color besides black at least I haven't seen any!!!
oh wow! sure to be a stand out exhibit!
Headed to #RidetheDucks for #Cincinnati! Should be a beautiful ride today! All in the name of product research!!
if you read all your tweets only escape than mine: p
im doing "Automatic" in drag soon i think im gonna use a cute red wig to really bring out my inner O'day!
Lebron had no legs. Couldn't give the Heat that offense they needed.
will you please fly out to me.
#1 pick in '06. Never really lived up to the hype...
firstrowsports.tv, a bootleg feed to go with your bootleg Lin jersey.
Mudbugs in March is TODAY. So what are you going to do? It's Saturday, if you don't have to work tomorrow, what's your excuse? Come on!
We are really excited to be here! Make sure you tell everyone to swing by Booth #4660 for a chance to win a free iPad!!!
SafeNet has some of the best SharePoint developers and .Net Developers in the Milwaukee Area
Just woke up and panicked, wracking my brain trying to figure out what time I have to be at work... HA! I'm off today.
Yep I live Seattle's FGI I am excited to go to the two events this month and I'm hopefully I'll get my application approval within the mont…
“We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same.” Carlos Castaneda
I'm about to see the 1st screener ... IT'S IN THE BLOOD ... U?
thanks doll ;) happy new year!
thank you! She is very sweet. I love her to death!
Hm RT : BREAKING: The Razorback Foundation has approved a new contract for a new head football coach at the U of Arkansas.
If only ALL people could be this awesome
hahaha on Merlin! :) I missed you! How's school?
Why not develop your own and not depend on signing so many FA????
I really think the Kings could win it all if the continue like this.
I. HATE. SCHOOL. GRRRRRRRRRRRR
I either need you to respond to my DM or DM me your number, PUHlease :]
Good morning world! time to get up get out and get something
Btw, there's not a coincidence why pitchfests occur in Summertime. | In #TV things get ordered:
LIL JON live @ WET ULTRA LOUNGE TONGIHT call SARAH for info at 915-449-2066 tonight LIL JON LIVE AT WET in DOWNTOWN!!!!!
Cant sleep... ->KimBeezy<-
What up? #FLYERS loss still has me down :(
Summer mines I said it bout a 100 time on my drake shit
Hanging out at Starbucks in Harlingen with some dudes from Syria
I dunno. Unless you've read the ruling _itself_, I'm not sure you can claim #copyrightgeek status. :)
Dayan D. Jeremiah, Malaysia, on LiveWebAssist: "It took me less and 1 hour to get everything setup! AMAZING!"
Yeah, we're now! Come get your lunch, amigo.
Mhmmm(: that's what I thought! How was yours?!
I am about to go speak to our #library board.. Should be good times..
lol. i just all together hate it. like people say nobody is perfect --> some people are perfect.
is stirring it up with talking about a frustrating Game 2 loss by the
I still don't think anyone has accomplished more with less in a music video than Janet Jackson did in "Pleasure Principle"
Lost all 3 NBA games last night ATS. At least it is Friday though.
I asked if he old put the extra seasoning on the side so. Could make Dre I got my extra seasoning the man said no!
yikes! are people not happy about OLTL characters on GH? I love it. :) I always had a disturbing crush on Todd Manning :)
Every town that I passed in minnesota so far had a sister city in sweden.
love the new pics on facebook im doing good just been a lil down the last couple days
anything and everything track. and the marathon.
Rule: If one misses #TacoTuesday one must then eat tacos on #TacoThursday. Looks like tomorrow!
Congratulations!!! RT : I am so grateful. 6 grammy nominations little monsters
It's #WorldAIDSDay. Wear red to state your support for a cure by 2015. Get inspiRED. #oneLove #(Red)
Len called a "rough and tough cream puff." That sounds about right!
The battle for last heats up! ties
Another missed layup.
What do kids of two gay moms do every Mother's Day? Maybe what my girls do for me, their stepmom, & grandmothers.
I'm call you hoe !!
you could do it, you find strength you didn't know you had once you have kids because the feelings you have for them are unmatched.
yea can u follow the group n watch our ustream... N we gonna call ray ray
Up an at every single morning
You're all welcome for the #ThingsLongerThanNorthKoreasMissileLaunch hashtag.
Even gets racially profiled. I was profiled in Louisiana last year by a white officer while on a business trip.
I need a new ps3 officially. buy me a new one :D
Just don't go double or nothing.
Just shot 80 A&R's my latest 3 tracks.. feeling lucky...
_~.!~! TWO DANCE FLOORS...HIP HOP..DJ KHAOTIC IN THE MIXX....DJ CHUCO ON THE MIC $2 DRINKS.....SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Follow me. <3
Not sure about Boston Coolers, but Mudgie's makes floats with Calder ice cream and Faygo. Maybe they have ginger ale?
#NAEP Science report shows 8th graders that do science outside the classroom got higher scale scores in science.
I will miss you. Pierre is going to Korea to teach! So proud.
*whispers in you ear* TOBYY!!!
We have Deandre Liggins on the court with Nazi Mohammed
Get in and try our Bistec a la Mexicana Torta Grilled ribeye w/sautéed bell peppers, onions, topped w fresh avocado!
Mobile apps and future mobile behavioral services for the smart grid market will not be used as monitoring tools but as an ENGAGEMENT tool..
done and done! Please share my music and fun news and I will share yours! #hotcountrymusic Best-JP
I want that picture I kno that
everybody on their shit in here lol
It's uncanny!
lol honestly i thought they were the actual Allison Group in Atlanta :x but i just looked em up a lil n its still duper cool
To get me started on Monday and any day... "Beggin'"
even a point from Chicago is going in the right direction, 3 is much better but we are in a great spot need results
yall need to calm down. im SURE at most concerts the OLLG will be random as usual. these tickets in the album are pry just for special shows
#IAlwaysWonderIf the boys have ever seen my tweet when they go through their mentions..
I need a drink!
Happy Valentine's Day! I should have bought everyone in the office a card, that would have been so nice of me. Things I should have done.
Your comin off as dumb: Im so inpatient. I want to buy my babys crib, etc this weekend... but I know my room wont be ready for it
The place Im moving to soon for 2-3 months, you cannot install standard landlines so my wife & I will not be able to talk to each other...
Let me see what I can find. =)
a degenerate with admirable hopes & dreams! Lolol
if you don't want to be great at whatever you're doing, you're doing it wrong.
these aren't drunk words...
Thanks for sharing this article with your followers! Glad you found it useful.
Him: I'm late because I let other people go ahead of me. Her: Well, you screwed yourself. We're closing. Now.
Hey #EBUS118 students... there was a siting on campus... They're in the parking lot getting ready. I hope you're hungry!
Just like I do and thanks alot for that!
yo! What up?
I'm hungry!!! Gonna fire up the grill!
Anyone seen my sunglasses?
hahah I can't wait to hear about Cowboys! Mike texted me today telling me that I need to come to Round Up tomorrow night haha
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!110
Can't wait til next Tuesday
There's no place I'd rather be at 8 in the morning on my break than jury duty -_-
Tacky Christmas sweater found:)
I miss your face like whoa!! How the heck are you?!
Many thanks for the kind #FF!
You can measure spinny bars via count, rpm, income, cost.. anything "intangible" just hasn't had enough maths thrown at it yet
What happened to Alex Presley? Did he really just turn into a pumpkin right before our eyes?
That was the best thing ever lol
Our neighbors are opening today. Come try their awesome food.
Ed Red
Approach every situation with wisdom
holy crap. You, girl, have been blessed with an amazing spiritual gift. Jennifer Hudson in the house for real
Easy going night at work but im on my way home for a nice hot shower jammin some old school
It is clear my avatar here on Twitter is of Brian McCann and not me, right? I'm offended for McCann.
even barnes knew it was
lol you can't possibly be starving
Really, I thought it was mainstream GOP officials who made the GOP look bad.
destination workplace for staff, mgmt & top physicians creating the highest value of safe,quality & affordable care
im good. i am in the car on my way to oklahoma city to go to the lake you?
Heading to Dallas for 3 hr layover on way to Seattle
I had to take 2 shots cuz I bobbed my head... Smh these drinking games....
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. Harold R. McAlindon
I enjoyed the one showing the hidden release date.
is it classic material???
Getting irritated...
Hong Kong shares to open down 2 pct, growth-sensitive names bleed
I just noticed that was like the first time I replied okay....
I CAN be a #nerdburger and get my shit done.
I want to speak french!
drinking and he made a joke ab it. He is lucky this is twitter
you welcome
Transportation to NYC: you get what you pay for.
,hi taylor,I love you song Safe and Sound, #LoveSwiftiest,please Followback Me
I'm so happy because today I found my friends - they're in my head. - Kurt Cobain
niigga da money is only for grocery datz I got and didn't leave it...
Poor Gma.. You should give it to her for Christmas this year
M , 7up, and sherbet!
sitting across my favorite man eating chips and salsa.
Barenaked Ambition: the Mark Huntsman Story
That was perfect! Now get Hawkins out of there!
as soon as he returns the Soul Glow
means person experiences not only double-consciousness but also suffers impostor syndrome
yea me too last week when dre first showed it to me, now, its just old and stupid,
I'm not creating myself to be a perfect person, but a person you can't find in someone else.
What is 1% in the Iowa Caucuses
HCM2020.com going 2 focus on the bldg of a new HC org in my upcoming posts.How to build an HC org in 90 days.Going to be a crazy fall
Spooning leads to forking
Records Supervisor Position in Oil/Gas Company in Dallas! Incredible growth potential, great salary and benefits! Email me if interested!
" Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. " - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Sorry, I can’t hangout. My uncle’s cousin’s sister in law’s best friend’s insurance agent’s roommate’s pet goldfish died. Maybe next time.
thanks for the retweet
Congrats Coach!
haha i can't wait to see you all again!!!
Where you going Jalen?..
I was holding out hope that the CU field wouldn't develop across nrn. WI this aftn. It has, meaning cooler temps in srn. WI.
#MyFavoriteTheweekendsongs : De La Soul- A Roller Skating Jam "Saturday"
Amazing how people acquire degrees in design just from buying adobe software.
Thrift store scavenging for a wedding... I love this too much!
nobody cares. Getouttahere. Fb misses you.
& the islands of plastic waste are still floating in the oceans whether you can see them or not; some Humans r pathetic examples of goodness
"Twitter is stupid!" *one month later* "DUDE, I can't stop tweeting!" Who remembers saying this?
I don't think I can make it this year...
don't hurt yourself
I wish it wasn't true! “: that spank story was hilarious!!”
So I'm at #Sears in the loop to buy a mop and bucket. They have mops. But no bucket.
YES! Thanks guys, we will inform the masses. Watched the re-cut again tonight. Thinking about watching it everyday.
Thank you Brandie. Enjoy Mothers Day as well.
I hate hearing people ask for smaller government, countries with small government tend to suck for everybody except the rich.
I'm pretty sure Fury was a red-headed caucasian until after the first IronMan film and Jackson's casting.
Of course! Let me know the details
always address sustainability YES
have you ever shot pics in the infrared range? They render very striking black and white images.
Time to start a Favre to Chicago rumor?
Thanks fam, more on the way
Scheduled my drivers license appt.(:
but Darth Vader must have been monitoring her twitter feed, don't you think?
city council, bitchez!!!!
Hey #NorthCarolinians, check out #DETROPIA at #RiverRun International Film Festival at 3pm TONIGHT!
So does your proxy bypass Fedora for actual datastream delivery?
I think this is the most extraordinary collection of talent, of human knowledge, that has ever been gathered at the White House-
That's right, my rights were snagged on a suitcase. Makes total sense.
Very exciting news! MT It's going to be ! On the first floor at 10th/H.
A5: You cannot solely rely on putting your head down, doing your work well, and going home. Monica Mandelli
Thanks for the mention, Freda!
I need a math tudor. :/
and Chase and Logan. Damn those boys are fine
true statement
Good luck to all the seniors presenting graduation projects today! Class of 2012, we're almost done! (:
Bruno mars hot hot hot at grammys
If you follow you should also follow us.
Wanna come to our Sex Worker social next Saturday? Want details of the next ones? Send us your email here or
HA DOUGHTY
. Love the pic. I just pulled my "Loonies" envelope out. Euros & Pesos etc. stay in drawer. For now.
Up high girlfriend! Good for you!
- that would be Stephens...
Damn wat i do my nig cant take a joke
you dont remember anything that happened with lilly or anything?
I want to talk to God but I'm afraid because we haven't talked in so long.
#Baltimore Bound in a few hours
After shopping this weekend get out & support live music somewhere. Music makes the holidays brighter!
Fuck bitches get money
Thank you both.
Watch Mom Advocate on FOX tomorrow; TOY GUN Danger 8:15amMNT/FOXKDVR Denver
I now officially waddle. T-minus 2 weeks and counting!!!
I Hate It When Jelly Girls Hate One Direction And Call Their Fans 'Sluts' or 'Whores'
IS BEING SIGNED TO A LABLE IN THE NEAR FUTURE?:)
Social media is a way to gain valuable insight on a museum's audience- info that can be used to sustain relationships
Thanks for the tweet my sweet.
- Do you know of anyone who does non-dairy cupcakes and will ship (US)? Lactose intolerance sucks for cupcake fans, wah - waaah
That's an alright day RT : 2014 Buckeye LB target Raekwon McMillan tells me Florida, Florida State, and Georgia State offered
Thanks for the RT
Hulk hogan is coming out with midget wrestling
Remembering old times </3
Yup. And broke-ass me was considering buying full-price tickets, and encouraging everyone I know to do the same. OH WELL.
I found out a reason for me to change who I used to be, a reason to start over new & the reason is you.
Plums. Got sweet sweet plums from the farmers market.
I am getting familiar with it and it is very nice. Thank you.
Head ache <<
One should not spend the entire weekend indoors! Time to stop sending out applications and enjoy #funemployment while it lasts.
appreciate the shout out :-)
Hey K:), How are you?
Obviously a new one would be awesome, but would it create lag?
Star Wars set to expand into Disneyland
chose simple nooks in order to get the most ereaders into students' hands as possible.
please follow she is you biggest fan!7
Iritis is inflammation of the iris, the circular, colored curtain of the eye with an opening (pupil) in the center.
Go Big Blue
Belated thx to these great friends for the #FF last week :)
wait i don't get it
Wow! Milestone for Stanton's & Twitter. Our 1500th tweet. Unfortunately, not many characters left...so Happy 1500th tweet to us! Wha!Hoo!
Hey everyone, if you aren't aware of yet go ahead and check them out. They're doing great stuff for Indy's impoverished.
ok..youre on my list for when im back from this Peru thing
score 1 for
in like a month or two ..& thats good how is the baby ..
Lady Gaga Reveals One Question 'Changed My Life' In MTV Special
Cerberus closes German property deal
Did you see The Secret of Kells at Spark ? It was nominated for Best Animated Feature!
"Safari 5.0.2 came out." - BIG DIFFERENCE, iTunes10 works, Sarari 5.0.2 crashed. Who cares about icon if app does not work?
Where's the patience we normally see from the #Yankees?
thank you ;) come over one day !
Rip Steve Jobs, thank you for your great inventions at APPLE! You will be missed!
Twitter search is a better, more effective tool than Google when it comes to something happening in the last 12 hours.
My mom is obsessed with watching say yes to the dress hahaha lil cutie
ump has a hot date after the game. Everything is strike!
I cried to this morning..
Beautiful morning in pdx. Can't believe Watson is in the lead in the British!
When you stop chasing the wrongs things you give the right things a chance to catch you.
Brand new song drops tomorrow... Links will be posted!
MAN IM INVESTING MONEY INTO DAT MAN DUDE
I just want school to end!!
#myweakness: <- biggest weakness ever.if you want me to do something intense offer me austin mahone tickets or something <3 :]
Good morning.
Something or someone might pop out.....or a kitty
Haha Japan scored
g about me.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
awww yeah!! It's my Country bubba!!!
At the "Love Life Music Arts Festival" At Tempo Live In Hollywood, FL!!
If you haven't tried, you haven't lived
Thanks for the FAV to and
HEY, don't be mad<3
your tumblr almost killed us last night. HYSTERICAL.
Today's guest is Chuck Cote who will help us to learn how to tell and sell a message!
Oomf took the name I wanted
Wow, you weren't kidding about loving arugala....
Which link? Do you need the screenshot of the ham page again because I do have it.
AS USUAL! I Woke up in the middle of the BEST LIFE EVER! (thank you Father God for whom all blessings flow) Jennyta Glenn LOVE YOURSELF!!
strange..i want to play golf.
Follow my tweets...you'll find it here ;)
school tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
FOLLOW BACK! :3
Hunneh, I love you! I always will. Never forget, because this is how I truly feel.
Tonight's Foreign Film "INVICTUS" (S. Africa/US 2009). Starts at 7:30pm
Complaining without action is whining.
#ux idea for + When a song plays in the video, show the title, artist + link to buy it online.
I miss being a guy who runs a pub very much, but appreciate the additional time and love not being as stressed.
but then my OCD side takes over and I have to get rid of the light
thanks haha i'm about to upload a new one in a few :)
Tonight , and I balled so hard that mother fuckers wanted to fine us.
I like it!
The power outage has thrown my day out of whack. Can we try for Scratch Deli another day?
RT : New #quickservice healthy #restaurant on the rise. One to Watch: Roti Mediterranean Grill
Yep thats KVAstainless, still testing it out.
i endorse this hashtag.
JUSTIN BIEBER SHOULD GO PERFORM IN ETHIOPIA IF HE GOES TO AFRICA.
Agreed. No knock on Kris, but there a hundred guys like him in the NBA already. How does he stand out?
Ya know, sometimes I just don't feel the love
Yea, the mound is the reason Pettitte got shelled on Sun... Not the fact that he's 40 and not cycling anymore.
#youknowyou'reasucker when you can't lie in bed because the dogs already took over
Sophia Grace and Rosie are too freaking cute!
How old were you when you started drinking Tampico? #Tampico4Life!!!
One relax day before we pack everything up and move. We're in Washington for the summer then down to LA, USA.
So excited to finally hit tonight with the girls!
Yo party at crib!!!
Colts remove Peyton Manning&#39;s banner at stadium
Mitchell telling story of being part of first black rookie-lt. Firefighter pair in Milwaukee.
#IllTradeBoozerFor in "Like Mike" before he got the magical J's
I think you have him confused with someone else. His name is Roger Murdoch. He's a co-pilot.
scratch and sniff bacon cards would be tempting.
I'm not doing taco just for cinco de mayo. I made some on Monday and they were banging!!
fine I'll admit YOU wanna be in my dreams
RT So much potential for tackling lots of QA and #digitalpreservation challenges MT 'QA for Digital Books...
Damn I'm missing ESPN first take
the price is right drinking game: every time you see a commercial for liberty medical or vagisil, take a shot
“: We all have that one friend who makes us laugh with their stupidity.”
I find this game boring
go to workshops that have "hands on", get models from Model Mayhem. Most models will work for Time For Prints.
Baby praying mantis, you are adorable the way all things in miniature can be w/poss. exception of computers the size of blood cells.
Best YOLO ever! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I don't plan2do any covers of songs w/my astounding6+octave singing maybe sum obscure4charity.I don't feel da need2own someone else's legacy
are we still on for tomorrow?
Q2. From how to assemble my Ikea furniture to how an organization works
"Tradition is the life of the Holy Spirit in the church." Vladimir Lossky
everyone's doing a btw ball diet xD
Quote of the Day: "In software systems it is often the early bird that makes the worm." -Alan Perlis. cirqa- connect with your world!!
aren't there elves that cobble shoes? Was I misled as a child?
You watching the #CoachellaLive feeds?
!!! RT : RT : Hello Barbara. This is Shirley. woman to woman
Great band playing at the uptown sports bar in Albuquerque. They're playing everything out of the "late90's rock" section of my iPod.
I’m waiting for you! Let’s go Milwaukee!!
I should've known something was up when he said his name was Josiah. Who the fuck is called Josiah?
yeah, I know the feeling! That's so exciting though!! When is the wedding?
didn't you once sing the praises of Schlitz?
Follow for updates on what’s happening across the sports world.
it's ok if you're doing it because u can't help it, but don't do it with the kind of small-minded fear that reminds u of your mom.
Me, in CQ Weekly: An in-depth look at the $80.1 bil intelligence budget's place in the deficit fight, and how the secrecy of it factors in.
haha thank you(;
Hail in nyc??? Already skipped spring, why not skipped summer and go right to winter
When am I gonna c the first funny, branded, animated gif from a brand/corp.? Animated gifs so trendy- can't believe it hasn't happened yet
s/0 my sister CRICKET doin' her thaaang today JV Champs today ! LET'S GET IT ! SAVAGE is a bloodline !
when are you back in Atlanta?
Debut album coming soon, keep watching, keep listening, you can experience the magic & inspiration of
Should I download The Wanted's EP? Is it any good?
All iwanna know is, sexy can I ? <U+E20C>
we are sorry you can't make it to #AFT. Hope you have a great birthday though!
:D YAAAAAAAAAAAY!! I'm so happy for u and thanks!!:) I'm so fucking worried I won't get tickets for believe
Yup. And this is why we can't have nice things.
My little sisters friend got a python. Lucky -.-
I am gonna have a talkin' to him tomorrow!!! No joke no lie, TRUTH! he shouldn't make you feel like that!
Making recruiting calls to find the future of the Pioneer Nation.
Imagine you throw a party - you invite your guests, but dont' give them a map. How are they going to find you? Let all roads lead to you!
no she sucks...
Nothing like a day of airports and middle seats to renew my hatred of the human race.
Setting the school up for my kids as I wait for their school books to arrive. Give ma babes the best education without the extras.
Planning your relationship vision takes time; how much time have you spent? People spend more on their wedding and the divorce rate is 50%+
How you do you do it like that..
if i spam you with how much i love you will you follow me back? :3
Will do!
I guess this the time when I go to sleep
Boredd, who wants a follow? Or a shout out? Rt this and ill do itt :)
Happy Monday! All our lucky #LichiChews winners keep us posted on how you like the new chews....
If Diablo I were a Ubisoft game, games press would be flipping their shit right now.
I'm about to smash myself against a wall. ITS MY OPINION. Do I look like a priest that has the power to marry Kendall + Malese? No.
Good to have you in Holidays on the Hill
MLK SUNDAY::THE CELEBRATION OF LIFE::AT EDENS::HOSTED BY FREE::10P-3A::LADIES FREE B4 11P::
Love never has a recession.
My mom snores so weird -_-
Great first night !
Now i had to walk all the way to the other bus stop cause my mom didnt tell me the 460 ughh at least theres shade
Walking around my room half-naked, eating Goldfish crackers is my particular way of pre-gaming before I head to my favorite bar.
oh no! Harlequinn!
“: not answering my texts, you better not be sleep YOLO bitch”lol I was
check the Sarasota film fest website for screening times!
It's National Grilled Cheese Day!! Too bad I started eating Paleo again.
Yes GOPers. Obama the child eating a delicacy in a foreign country is the same as Romney the grown man putting the family dog on the roof.
The essence of being human is being able to direct your own life. – Stephen R. Covey
"I am Patton's pickled liver'
Anyone care that the Wizards are playing Chicago??? Didnt think so #
Heading to University of Georgia tomorrow. Performing with the St. Anthony Gospel Choir.
not sure those stats are very relevant. How much has twitter grown over that time?
This wk I launched blog #201. Awesome milestone thx to everyone esp. key contributors
That's weird. Usually being veg is good for your skin.
ACTUAL ALERT: RT : Suspicious package found on the grass between Birnkrant and New North.
Watching Red Riding Hood with Viggle Thu | 9:45 | MoreMAX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Memphis Grizzlies in town tomorrow vs. Blazers... a pair of tickets to a lucky follower of
I told ya you Guys were going to be divas champion ahh I'm so proud of you Nikki!
NO YOUR NOT ALONE
Nobody cant tell me nothing about Jenerra that I dont already know!
what y'all fools talkin about lol?
I figured it was something like that. But Google Music sells MP3 for all uses. It's their mistake to tie it to Android at all.
check superduper's website.
About 21% of those infected with HIV/AIDS in the US are unaware of their infection. Be sure to protect yourself and always practice
...and then finally got a PS3, and we never saw him again.
just listened to today's lil show, happy to hear your shingles are better!
Cali here I come...I love shootin music videos....
You can be first to market, but "best to market" may be more valuable.
I can't believe I'm going to say this but maybe Howard Shnellenberger doesn't belong in the college hall of fame.
You're most welcome! Anything for you guys!
Chia seeds in greek yogurt with honey and flax seed meal, rich earthy green tea CROSSFIT photos last night got me motivated.
You can't depend on your judgement when your imagination is out of focus ~ Mark Twain
Just bc they make it in that size don't mean YOU can wear it
Ha! Miss you too! Guess I better got on that!
I cry during most movies, family oriented tv commercials, and any morning edition about dead soldiers if I haven't had coffee
The works of a talented and special artist : )
WAIT THERES GONNA BE A NEW ALBUM!?
Hey dude you ever tried scuba? We dive lake mead every weekend. We are huge fans
Friday night still in #springfever recovery. I will take two Benadryl and hope again for the best.
Space is cool.
We booking girls for parties, got models for flyers, topnotch females get at us
See if we can get Osi on the line for some 3-way virtual naughtiness!!! Lmaooooooo
Lunch : Awesome, as always. (Get the tuna)
H-Town One Night Gigolo#
Hope you two enjoyed tonight! RT “: Thanks for the food! Till next time.”
Thank you honey. RT : Very. Red hot when you're around. :)
Taking my little girl to get her hair cut off. Wish me luck.
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! IS STILL GOING ON !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
5 names were chosen at random, CONGRATS to the #USAinNYC contest winners:
Call of duty....I voted.
Where's the Theory outlet? Carlsbad? They make such great quality stuff.
Seize the carp.
Don't allow the PAST to destroy your FUTURE.......
RT“ Having A Girlfriend = No other females, No hoes, Quality time, Patience, and Trust. =)”
THAT ASS my gawd, and it's not even a back shot
sorry brett I had to head over to the UW-Whitewater game. Last score I saw was Oregon lead by 4 in the 2nd.
Thanks, John. Appreciate the support.
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.- Albert Einstein
don't forget to vote!
I picked a very cold and windy day to wander aimlessly through the streets of Baltimore.
avoiding my book club book 4 the month by re-reading 's amazing #SLY! Happy it's up. Wish there was a book club 4 this story!
Couldn't agree more. Pathetic.
web developer pals: where do you look when you're trying to find a new job?
thanks for the follow! have you heard about our twitter contest? tag us with #luvuplatoscloset for a chance to win a $25 GC!
#OnceUponATime I bit this chick at Starbucks, turned her. Now I just have to convince her this red cross blood I stole is ethically sourced.
NOW HOW CAN YOU THINK OF SOMETHING FUNNY WITH A VIEW LIKE THAT?...HMM...YOU'D HAVE TO BE A GENIUS...HEY WAIT...MAYHAP U R..F/S
trust me I feel ya. -_- call jacob! I'm pretty sure he has nothing to do, lmao
"All men are equal before fish." - Herbert Hoover
Just made it from Holmby Hills to Atwater Village in 25 minutes AND I took a canyon.
Tomorrow I'm driving my younger brothers to our vacation house in Maine :) ...our parents won't be there for another 3 whole days!! :)
If I was to wait I'll be waiting forever.. Prove me wrong, because I hate being right.
Abby Lee Miller is going to be at our competition today! #Dancemoms Akron Nexstar!
Real men rock beards.
•_• I'm so serious you make me laugh :D
RT ": Us Miami girls are well rounded <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>" Including in the waist for some.
Atlanta Friday!:D yessir!:)
long time no talk how are you:)
I'm under the impression IP address management is one of the many tools of the devil. I'm thinking a holy crusade right about now....
's poll of 210,000+ people only has 27% of people picking #Ku okay you haters,
Yes we do..I know I do my part everyday..LOL
Coffee! Then maybe a red bull! =p
-___- Sneaky Sneaky Boy #ICONicBoyzVSICONiacz Let The Games Begin
Watching a movie called Phone Booth from 2002 and who pops up as a cop?
Huh? NLPers sure do know about Tipster... That program or its offshoots are where many of us cut our teeth! :)
havent found it yet, but found some cool huts and fountains
The soundtrack to Drive is only $5 on Amazon this month. Some fun stuff on there.
Played a little over 5hrs today at my two shows. I've earned a little chill time.
no but you ask if they wanna fight
Do bald people get Dandruff?
Finally going to bed!!! Good Night!
Saw I is over.. There're boring classes tomorrow morning. Off to sleep
Could this be a bug in reporting? We saw the same type of thing yesterday in the UK?
But thats okay!! Be relaxing in Arizona by Friday night!!
Just Pray Hun, Im Sure She Is Fine.. All We Can Do Is Pray God Will Protect Her!!
What's up Tyler? My name is Antoine and I am a big fan of Everybody Hates Chris. My favorite show! I wanna meet you one day!
If girls with big boobs work at hooters should girls with one leg work at Ihop?
So if you enjoy playing the Nintendo Wii and are pro Super Mario then apply now to get paid for it by becoming a wii game tester
Anyone adding FB stock to their portfolio today?
And Tapes n' Tapes. Jealous. What a great setting for a concert!
I have everything to do today!!!
Try having someone tell you, you can't be with who you love because they disagree.
The advantage being?
I just saw John Carter...my goodness does Disney know how to make movies..it was awesome.
BEEF NOODLES.....YEAH BOI!!!!
Man, this guy's strike zone is tighter than a sheltered freshman.
Summer is here! Like my page to read my article on protecting your skin from sun-related aging!
I'm ready to chat up my bucket list over a cup of tea and pretzels! lol
big time, a rookie not afraid of the big stage.
Puddles are things kids splash in. Ponds are things you keep coy in. Big difference.
wtf? twitter has a search limit? whats the point in that?
Awe thank you for the nice compliment!
#ThingsYouDONTDoIn2012 START DRAMA
Thanks to all of our friends and followers on Facebook and Twitter! We are now over the 2,000 mark!
OH Lord help me i have a assesment exam on tuesday and I've only been in school for only nearly 3 WEEKS !!! i NEED 2 STUDY
oops *watched
It's more realistic for Phineas and Ferb to have 12,000 adventures in a 10 week summer than The game to have 400 viewers lol
OMG! I'm so bored. I am just chillin. On facebook twitter. And man am I bored. ;D
#ConfessionNight- I don't like darkskin females but i like mexican females though
have you ever needed someone so bad?? I just wanna be on the show
sorry to see u leave Bloomberg. it was ur show that got me watching. Wish u well & hope to see u on-air again soon. ~michael
why are some wrestling sites saying your a racist?? :( I call b.s.
#SaySomethin SONG OF SUMMER 2012 anyone else agree!! OMG I AM DEAD!
I'm going to die in the library. Die.
#Contest! One more follower to 100! Next person to follow us - and DM - gets a #free CodeSquare PRO account! #smallbusiness this is for you!
thought i saw the garbage truck go by. scraps was totally faked out by the recycling truck. which scraps has no problem with.
Treat everyone with politeness, even those who are rude to you - not because they are nice, but because YOU are. - unknown
this coffee is savin my life
eating good in the neighborhood
Oh! I'm sorry I forgot. I only exist when you need something
As a parent, I see homework for our 8yr old (overall) as practice for gr8 study habits. Bonus: Good family bonding
Check ya gmail!
Brad Pitt is the new face of Chanel No. 5...pretty genius.
OK I GOT A CHECK WAITING SIGNED AND DELIVERED FUCK OVER ME U CANT BUY MY SOLE THO
cmon: who possibly believes B&N is going to win the content war w/Amazon? If you're going to buy DRM'd content, buy it from the victor IMHO
So I take it you'll concede that point to Heller in turn for the excitement of Braun being cleared?
I am to lol
Multiply is the devil’s filter.
you better not!
In the nail salon with my daddy lol
RT #BOOM. RT“: Never saw Jordan get thumped like this...”
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 14
Just got word is headed to the hospital, it's baby time!
Wonderful chandelier, wonderful photo! :)
Keep forgetting how long my hair is and flinging it on the girl next to me.... Oops
of course! Can't wait to meet you at #ICNY!
Hello...is it me you're looking for?...
Listening to McShay rip V.Burfict: selfish, undisciplined, trash talker, loves big hits & 15yd flags. Sounds like my kinda guy!
reading is always exciting! Depends on the read though. :)
Lost some chips, guy called me dwn w A hi & got there...
Hey, we need to talk about the bake sale. It's this Sunday.
Happy Birthday, !
says 2 things for strong chapters: 1. sell the stories 2. focus on the goals.
These sports fanatics are getting rowdy on my TL <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
Sporting the purple tomorrow for :) <3
Apple is going to make laptop with Intel?
please follow me <3 I love you.(:
the one and only!
if you say "" really fast it sounds like "make me a sandwich"
David if your computer is that bad, then you need to call us :) Our tech guys can handle any computer problem.
i wass :p and i still will !
So Dunked again and I missed it AGAIN. Well at least they won, so happy.
It should be illegal to go to work this early.
Follow she's amazing and follows back!15
Just added Jack White's new solo single "Love Interruption."
True. Lots of diabetics in that area also.
look at me now....... yea yea fresher that a mu
when you become the internet's golden girl, you have to deal with fraudulence like this!
and they have a profile pic of a cute 23 year old girl and have no history of tweets whatsoever. why be suspicious!
Puck looks god. Just saying.
I never get retweeted anymore. you know what it's probably because of all my tumblr posts...
Changing password. Hack alert. Fake message confirmed from known friend @ musicafter50.
you're Flawless! Follow Me Justin c;
Waiting for the upgrade to install. *z*
#3WordsOfAdvice Live Your Dreams
for your info there's 10 in of snow
today is my birthday!!!!:)
Hey Rated N. I'm with you in all. I'm going to see it at a movie theatre. Hopefully there's more Rock fans than Cena.
Shipping Buddy Bikes to Kansas, Texas and the UK!
I see
That sonq all my life && Yes the day you are mad at me you finally stay past 11:30 ! Nice -__- Lol
May the fleas of a thousand camels infest the crotch of the people that irritate me today, and may their arms be too short to scratch!
Back in SD! Happy New Year to all of our friends, fans, and family!
rooting for #Valpraiso tonight.
Julien on Capitals: "I don't believe they're a 7th place team."
Ha :It's really annoying when people don't get the social cues indicating that u r busy and don't want to talk...guh
We know who it is alreay, but thank you :) I think a lot of the fan know now from the preview and sneak peek :)
I agree. Sure he will hit a couple game winners against us!
call him elite
RT : What meaningful goal would you try to accomplish if you had 1 million dollars?
I haven't had a normal conversation with my dad in like a month..
We would like all of it - bonding, jobs now tax credit, the whole jobs plan. That's why we proposed it going back to last fall.
Thanks for the mention
Mel Gibson rear ended someone Monday in Phoenix. The cops say he was a perfect gentleman about it. Cool.
All Neva Dinova fans report to Good Hurt, Venice, CA on Oct 30th, 8PM for a Jake Bellows set, Costume Contest, Burlesque&bands!
what's the #'s on a feature
okay. ill tell you what he says.
LOL! See what had happened was.. My bf was i was on the phone caking all night !
dude we gotta collab! I want some killer clown in my songs!
say it isn't so!
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. ~Wayne Gretzky
Today's Apple predictions... iPad HD, retina display, same size as iPad 2, 1GB ram, better cameras, home button, new smart over colors.
“: Aw just gave a lil shout out on #MiamiLiveMusic” - nice thx jacob
Good morning all, Sunshine state not so suuny today!
looks great!
I haven't heard anything. The Indians are scheduled to face a weeks worth of RH pitching so doubt its Lappy
I'm off on weekend :)
Welcome to our new ACC tweeps, and !
@ bfosler, jealous, they have the best buffalo chicken sandwich! geo, introduce your friend brian to a good mechanic
Could the Lone Star State have been a home for the abolition of private property? Hm.
i sent you your searchfest quote. can you please approve? Thanks.
So, my foot is still sore, but I can live with it. Slept great!
it looks God is bringing an upgrade to you guys. One person's riot is another's reward. Blessings man of God!
Who got dat HOT SAUCE? Korver bro
I like men in a sexual way.
The problem with going to sleep at 9:30 and waking up at 4:30 is that by 8:30 in the morning I need a nap.
Thanks! Shared!
is a good performer. Not just brings music to the stage but also projecting it through dancing
Blacks in LA vs Blacks everywhere else was on point!
Feature story on Seth McClung.
I still remember doing "research" projects as a kid and relying on one source alone (usually a book). Hard to believe.
Aww man someone's #IRS check came in my mail and the #Devil inside me wants out but ima do wats rite
To say that Im nervous would be like calling mt everest a bump
must happen all the time. Silly humans.
What does oppa want to do? ^^
recovering from an excellent stevie wonder/john legend concert at summerfest
Our elleven #imprinted backpacks & bags are hot this year! www.BNoticed.com
TY Misty RT #FF for a very important cause! If you are related to a World War II vet you must follow!
And with that, we're out of time! Thanks so much for joining us today! I look forward to hearing back from you on the survey.
getting this off the ground son!!!! I've seen and I heard... and they got no idea what's about to hit em...
The first #laughinpeace guests are arriving. Remember, valet parking is free at tonight!
Now playing Adele- Someone Like You
She want to take a Dick ride we slide str8 to the Telly shaking her jelly with mi Dick in side
#MLB injury news direct #Marlins RT : All is good, Ready to go! No worries my people
944 april issue is OUT and all over town! www.944.com/magazine
Hey, The Unsigned Tour - 2012 are looking for fresh Talent. It's a great opportunity for Singers, Models, Song writers, Face Models,...
its sold out :'( i was going to travel to see you guys worst nightmare
I watched basketballwives lastnite and it was a disaster... but really is the realest on there...
May all of our Twitter friends have a blessed holiday season filled with joy, peace and love. And May your new year be filled with
Frank Bardacke wins Book Prize, a book about Cesar Chavez and the UFW.
Rt ": Good night beautiful Tweeps! Sweet marshmallow dreams <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><U+2728><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><U+2728><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>" Yum =) Night E!! xo
Awww thank you! that means a lot! When have you seen us?
Google Chrome. Seems to happen more when I try and reply to a tweet or follow. Not when I just click Compose. Weird.
***This week only, 250 FREE Business Cards with any order of $50 or more! Call today! 720-542-6105, make sure you mention this ad***
finally got our keyboard and headset for the xbox and ma babychu got his year live gold membership! <3 cuz i bub him.(:
How do you expect to get new customers if all you do is pitch all day? Create rapport, build trust and harness relationships.
IM READY<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00A5>
tear, does that mean you are lonely?
Day 2 - songwriting panel. Getting my boots and hat on ;)
Today's just not my day.
Watching Celebrity Apprentice...I am so impressed with the man Penn Gilette is...bravo
Two new business development managers starting this week! Things are looking good for 2010!
Thought id share my fortune, first one i get that actually makes sense.
At one point, Prince was also the most important Gnostic gospel artist ever, too!
Lose 1-2lbs a day without starving, without excersize, no injections, no prescription AND FREE support www.lasvegashcg.com 702.979.4HCG
Happy Good Friday! Saying that always seems weird...
can this concussion just go away now? it's pissing me off.
trust me hun i did. ctfu
They have to be trying to figure out how to get out of this mess. NC has been bad news for weeks on multiple levels.
as a huge admirer of your work, I cant wait to see , congratulations sir. Looks great.
Social Media coordinator needed for Detroit based company!! Send resumes to !!
#BasicEconomics - Capitalism is by its very nature a system of interdependence.
Congrats to the WISCONSIN SORORZ for winning 1st place in Minnesota!
Background credit - :)
"Sex, Drugs and the American Way" opens NEXT Friday May 21! See emerging artists perform everything from comedies to dramas! 278-0765 for t…
I have a dream that my 4 lil children will 1 day live in a nation where they wont be judged by the color of their skin
Relax night
yeah, we use goto also, looking at other options....
How "Nasty" will the Pres General Election be in terms of Campaign Ads/ Surrogates on Cable Talk Shows/Debates, etc?
I'll text you back(:
was HILARIOUS tonight! Blake's face at the end had me #LMFAO !!
my bitch say im her trendin topic
“: Life happens. Adapt. Embrace change, and make the most of everything that comes your way. Goodnight.” I want to fck u
lmao jk u have no father ;)
America, meet Ty Lawson. He's gonna be around for awhile
I want to clown workshop with you!
Let's Connect!
BIG BLOCK OF CHEESE DAY: SEASON 2!!!!!.
My stomach hurts so bad fuck:/
<U+FFFD>There are no foreign lands. It is the traveler only who is foreign.<U+FFFD> by Robert Louis Stevenson
Your right.You always are:) Will you come live with me?
Baby put on heart shaped sunglasses cause we're gonna take a ride, I'm not gonna listen to what the past says,I been waitin' up all night.
I think this summer I'm actually going to make videos for the Youtube.
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "What defines US is how well we rise after falling." ~ Iceberg Slim Jay
Mexico 3 Canada 1 - Game over. Guess I can go watch some Basketball before the MLS Game. Love all this soccer on TV.
Lmaoo oomf text me and ask was she crazy... hell yea but ladies us men will rarely admit it but we adore crazy chicks
Aww damn , coach is gonna get mad at me if I dont suit out ! oh well ..
Thanks for checking in on !
Some chatter at the Madison Barrett party: People want the rematch, think moderates want a do-over.
Hello to the twitter world, this is our first tweet.
Walker thinks 30 seconds of lies can talk you out of the pain you have experienced. How condescending. How contemptuous.
Gotcha. You just want one to meet him at the airport with? Or do you just need one by Sat?
OMG finally u r here !!!! Did u get my e-mail ?? Love u more !!!
I miss ashley <U+E022><U+E022><U+E022><U+E022>
Congratulations to designer + clothier to the coolest girls in the room (and SD native!) on the birth of her baby boy!
Thanks so much man! I just got a box of vinyl copies, but my record player is broken. Bo.
Today I celebrate four years with my lovely bride. My life has never been better. I love you Stephanie.
Ladies come preparty this FRI w/ for a night of
And there you have it...my 100th follower, and therefore a song on my next album, is called !
close - Garland symphony.
My Cheeto intake today has been abnormally high. But I had salad for lunch, so it's ok. Right?
Orenco Station Grill in Hillsboro has added LIVE MUSIC this SUNDAY April 29th - Stop in & hear the Malea Duo from 5:30 - 8:30 pm
OK... getting my day started, a little late it's true. more T shirt designs.
How do I get in contact with you guys?
1st outside run of the season. Jamming out to and preparing for
#Racist RT : Limbaugh bugging out, believes Obama went above and beyond to hide the fact that his ex-girlfriend was white.
I feel delicious
Test text
Xing K. the official twitter. >< () >< () xoxo >< () >< () JOHN CENA CENATION~ MEXICANS DESERVE A HUG
Lmbo on my profile, under similar to you; mardy profile is always the first one; I love him to death man.
i dated a guy once who asked me what i wanted for my bday, i told him i loved toiletries. I wasn't expecting a plunger & a book of matches.
Yea, if I end up getting the one I'm looking at it'll run about $430. Oy.
So he drove out the man; and he placed at the east of the garden of Eden Cherubims,
I think for many it's more complex than that, emotionally, but I see the point the piece is making.
Damage Control.
The police are on our street. Second day.. Already hahaha
we need to go see the lucky one!! It looks soo good! Hopefully I won't cry like I did during courageous! Haha
WHY DOES THIS HOUSE SMELL SO BAD? Can't we just eat normal food tonight? Like, uh, I dunno, lasagna? :|
i got a cinderella ring today. i felt awesome
My Boyfriends adorable <3
KENNY POWERS IS BACK. TONIGHT.
Typography exist to represent content
Tony Allen offensive rating cant possibly be higher than a 37
Just ordered some tickets for the Crew's first game at Wrigley. Seriously excited for baseball to start.
Starting to watch the show Switched at Birth. Thank you netflix for having the first season available. Taking notes to review for my class.
Merry Christmas!!!! :)
prepared for the worst but still praying for the best.
No, I don't stop the microwave at 0:01 to feel like a bomb defuser...I stop it because I hate the f*cking beeping noise.
Who else would like to see a vs. #B1Gtourney championship game?
exciting and stressful to move to NYC in an Olympic year plus the start of MLB,NHL and NBA playoffs. Ugh
they said i aint frm the streets they gota lot of nurves
we will see you this weekend with the folks..... :)
true story. year four teaching a class on venture capital investing. i learn something new every time!
1/24: Jennifer Mercede shared her steps 2 success in becoming a self sustained visual artist in 3.5 yrs @ a WAN Round Table. Was VALUABLE!
good luck!
We hope you find your baking mojo... ...it is in there somewhere!
I say "SUCK. MY. DICK." way too much.
Victory is won not in miles but in inches. Win a little now, hold your ground, and later, win a little more. – Louis L'Amour
Mikecurtisfootball.com completely down for server migration, back online soon. Will update asap.
I hear that. Word, ya might say.
mine just here now starting to bud some with hormone use Dr.
Chillaxin this early afternoon! Waitin to watch Mania later tonight!!
follow me on #instagram at amon20
Diversity of thought: "Surround yourself with people who think differently than you. Otherwise, you get too comfortable."
Thanks for the mention, have a great weekend!
RT : America's biggest Italian festival, Festival Italiana, opens today at Milwaukee's Lakefront.
Hour 2... "BT got a base tan"
He will, most likely, kiss you back! Come on over and give him a snuggle!
don't forget to mention that Kevin Mazur has made tons of money off James Devaney shooting Aniston for Wireimage...
Sometimes I hate Arlington... Black hole sun? Really? This bar blows... But is a block from my apt...
At least I think :P
is this a real fight? I hope so.
I'm sorry Alex but i would rather be #TEAMTURQUOISE get it trending!!!!!!! RT to get it trending!!!!!
10 sec in microwave FTW
Have a great session cc: RT : Excited for a big day in Minneapolis with ! Beautiful day here!
Thanks for following and much appreciation for the wonderful services that you provide to so many. Best wishes to all.
Just saw 'The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel.' Touching, sweet and inspiring. Some of the best actors Britain has to offer. Watch it!
I agree with you. Borderlands was so overlooked but the game is awesome and fun.
Can anyone remember a stretch of nicer weather here in #Portland?
anybody wanna kik and spam each other with 1D pics anybody anybody
Use data as the basis for productive conversations when making collections decisions and policies
Animations: How to use fadeout and slideToggle functions in jQuery
thanks Matt!
jealousy, #ThatsWhatIHate bout me.
Why you got to be so ugly?
what should i do for my birthday ? it's in may .... ideas are needed ! tweet me !
It's been a rough weekend...
How much snow did you get over the weekend?
Drinking an Idle Hands DIPA
"Keep your eyes open & your legs close" .
looking forward to a long night of homework.... not.
Once a Jersey girl, always a Jersey girl! Glad you had fun Hilary. Love me some Bruce.
Let's do this!! St. Louis - Louisville - Lexington - Tulsa - Dallas - Los Angeles.
Nothing like wildflowers given on a gloomy day! Thanks #NLC DC for showing me true commraderie, new skills, & allowing me to BE productive.
Guy who lives next door to me is now singing in the shower. Again. And this time it sounds like Lady Gaga.
sorry, we've been watching McLeod recently.
Voting is open from 9:00 AM on Wednesday, October 19 through 9:00 PM on Thursday, October 20. Each SAC organization gets one vote.
Thanks for the follow! Hope to see you at our next #Cashmob, April 21st. Meeting @ noon, NW Corner of Rainbow/Charleston
Don't really know what to do with twitter, but will try to use it as a way to practice saying complex things in 140 characters.
Happy Birthday boo! I tried to call u.
I'm happy you going to. #Howard , you got me all excited for you lol :)
20 Likes We'll Drop New Music.
Safe travels, hope your #uxlx preso goes well.
Beautiful news! That is exactly what we like to hear! Are you having some stuff developed!?
Taking a stab at the #OreoPinata. ¡Arriba!
It’s #FF – here are some great #builders to follow:
#CERAWEEK Bahrain more important than Libya says Kissinger
lol I look hungry but I didn't even finish
Outside looking in I dont expect you to understand me.. It will take you a life time of configuration to understand the true Tiearra.
Be a good boy and give granny's gash a moisten with that cream
without a doubt agreed!
Seeing all these ppl go on prom making me can't wait until mines.
Dear men: Still looking for that magical love? "Inspiration, not desperation, is what attracts. Develop a sturdy spine and women will...
Hey love are u a true Belieber ?!
Is that a job? I would like to apply for it.
Even the sun sets in paradise
oh jesus. Be gentle with me...and buy the penis pasta please.
Band practice! Working on Coldplay covers.. Ah Amazing!
You are truly beautiful. I never met you but I believe that you are that beautiful on the inside too. #YourNumberOneFan ILY <U+2665>
Rest in Peace Steve Jobs.
Congrats on the nod!
#writing my #novel on #OfficeSuite for #Android at
whether or not a person is a religious believer does not matter much. far more important is that they be a good human being. - Dalai Lama
indeed. I'd be totally happy anyway if he walked up to me a took one of my french fries.
Futurama is hilarious.
Camping trip next week with the family! Finally getting to spend time with and my dad! also joining the trip!
Playing clue dvd... This shall be interesting :-)
Sitting on a sunny bench in meridian hill park, reading, petting puppies and watching people play soccer. Can't beat it.
Jesus created Josh Hutcherson with both hands perfectly
I'll be speaking this morning at 10AM during the Socially Selling Real Estate panel for Social Media Week Miami
no because I don't lie. I just wasn't sure what I wanted..
Had some whisky to cool the nerves, but alls I got was the whisky shivas.
yeah your right n especially cuz this year is going by so quick :)
Checking on mu twitter peeps
#ItsHardTo - look right, at cha baby! .. But here's my number, so Call Me Maybe?
Glad it lived up to the hype! I'm planning on catching it next week.
Twitter SUX tonight!!! I am not being notified of my mentions. I accidentally FIND em in my TL. Smh
beautiful meeting at Renaissance Resort courtyard. The team Coyotes beat last night are here and not happy. ;(
this is grillmaster steve sorry about not puting the location on where ill be tonight I will be at stoneys
For the Thanksgiving menu? I can definitely check and see what we can do!
JUST 50 MORE!!!! C'MON GUYS!!! IF YOU LOVE ME YOU'D HELP ME! Ohh wait... nevermind
Make sure you follow In the Studio right Now killing this Beat
yep you're a model
Yes! Let me know when and where.
Are you doing that hi faluttin' glamorous camping aka glamping?
#show this new pose barriers folk testing the limits has #pop culture fan Japan Australia crossed back
Awesome. I just got press release spam on financial astrology.
music videos
A girl is nice to have with you when your riding on the range..
#LT so inappropriate
Good luck at your last club tournament tomorrow ! Love you guys :)
The White Sox win again! I am so much happier with this team. My expectations are not real high this year, but the chemistry seems better!
Thirsty Thursday's Dinner Special: Avocado Bacon Burger w/ Chipotle Ranch and Choice of Side....GETSOME!
That's pretty cool. Thanks, Sharon!
sure, we've all got something to sell, some folks just feel more legit.
I mean math lol
-- has nothing to do with transparency or ease of adoption, all about how companies want to spend $$
Mi Tyme and Potency King of Rap will perform Wednesday June 22nd at 10:00 p.m. No Cover Privilege Cafe 540 Main St. West Chicago, IL 60185
Make money management a priority not a choice.
I think it might be a 'desert island' pick for me. So good.
I'm not even drunk! Just lured in by this not-available-in-Chicago franchise. Okay...tipsy.
U fuck wit me ? I fuck wit you too ! Oh ....so its fuck me ? Fuck you too !
so you never told me if you likes what you seen lol
The C Language became a true revolution. You could make the IBM PC realistic even with 512K main memory! You know the rest of the story.
My life is OVER!
All #fabrics are not created equal.That's why our technicians are trained to know which cleaning method best fits your upholstery.
is big-name art done by assistants a lasting trend? Where does the "hand of the artist" come into play or end?
it was actually 210 people in the vid hahaa ^.^
. would love to. who is your audience and do you have recordings of past interviews?
Yard work isn't nearly as enjoyable when you know you'll be moved out in 3 wks. I hope the new owner appreciates a garden ready to pick.
With out penalty that's not fair. Super surprised that no one has challenge this successfully in the courts...
And thank you so much for producing my play "Three Minute Hamlet"! Really, all your work is sensational!
Welcome to Twitter! Happy tweeting! Cleveland loves you!
good morning Mr Sharp How's your day so far
early 30s is middle aged??? Making me feel like I should be put out to pasture. Or shot like ol' yeller. Jeez
You can take the boy out of Wisconsin ....
when is the untether jailbreak coming out for iOS 5 iPod touch?
It's bring your dog to work day -
Relatives are due Elsewhere and far away by 6:30, which means I'm free starting mid-afternoon probably.
Online #Salon marketing has two goals: engage and convert.
From my inbox: Possible Cougar Sighting - employees should exercise caution
The term Social Media Expert is out- but I'm dubbing these women at #sdsms Shoe Experts. Spotted: leopard, ,
Great actor weekend! Fri: The Lost Coast Tapes shoot & Never Sang play. Sat: assist prod for PR & Producing seminar & Never Sang play. :)
Cinco de Mayo in Vegas is officially booked!!!!!!!
Such short-sightedness and in LA - of all places!
blow that kush like a candle <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
Amazing, thank you Nikole!
I want to be loved by you.
...and, good monsieur, bring me the honey-bag. --Bottom bossing around fairies, A Midsummer Night's Dream (Act 4, Scene 1)
You should try LA|Fitness if they have one near you.. They're amazing honestly!
Rocker Kristen Falconer to attend Reverbnation's 2012 Indie Music Channel Awards at House of Blues 2012 -Best Rock Artist- nominee Kriste
Sh*t Obama Says: "...do some nation-building right here at home." i can dig that.
thank you(:
are we seeing you tonight?
Carol King is in the house!
epic complaint….
Woke up to this news... Bin Laden is dead.. its about time they found his ass!
ack! 2001. That's right. That's a heck of a 1st event!
Got a callback for #Disney's Get Connected!!! Also received interview invitations at #RKO, #E!Entertainment, and #Mandate!!!
So tired of paying more for shipping than I do for a product.... Just don't have any alternatives.
Come on, aren't we better than that! It's like hanging an "Atlantic Division Title" banner
In class, phone is on 'LeBron mode' (no ring)
That elbow to the face looked pretty advertant to me.
Happy New Year! 2012 is gonna be a grreatt year:))
just hoopin . What team do you play for?
When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second
So what's been happening with the NFL draft?
#Legwarmers make for the perfect pockets when running!
In what sense? If it's that odd, I'd be tempted to ignore it.
Peeled the last of my red talons from the weekend. Oh stars, do I feel timid and vulnerable
Thanks, Amazon!
talking about his beloved grandmother to the Friends of Warren Village -- never heard a room of 500 people so quiet.
3:32 should I be rocking right now ?? Miss you.
Double OT in Memphis. Griz up! wow!
As long as it's red, I don't know the difference.
What did thy last comment mean? Ha
i Love Your Stories! There So God.(: Chapter 20 Was Really Good!
I choose you & you make me wait? I'm not gonna be waiting on the sidelines forever...
Gotta love when I get cash back from my debit card & then I lose it immediately. #Dumb #Hopeitgoesto someonewhoneedsit
I loved Red Couch if you need convincing!
Honored that will be speaking at our Ambassadors Luncheon tomorrow
Headed to #BMAengage in Chicago anyone want to tweet up Thursday night?
"MAKE EM SAY AW"- Master Puppy & the No Limit Shnauzers
lol yeah & probably thts y u LOVE her:)
RT : Treat your failures as practice steps.
On a mystery trip with my oldest.
Who makes Tumblr layouts?? Contact me PLEASE..
word what up player
Twitter flipped to old twitter, now back to new twitter. I haven't seen Inception. Is this it?
hey saw ur email, that sounds good. I will be as nonanxious as possible.
i wanna go. Lol
i miss you. When we will hang again?! Some crazy party?!:)
Loved poutine in Quebec cant wait for the SJ ver. MT : Poutine! Cheese curds provided by local cheese producers
we need to realize the "privacy vs openness" conversation is taking place "in a context of widespread mistrust of large institutions."
Big thanks to and #flames #socialmedia rockstars: for having us today!
now following this man " I'm Leavin" best betrayal line ever
It feels so good to be able to see far away now
On days like today, I hate that rain makes me sleepy.
OH SNAP!
you forgot West Virginia, the place that got you started....come on...that should've been 2nd after Kentucky...
Lightening storms & tornado warnings. Foiled by nonsensical east coast weather patterns.
I wish they could make cute interracial babies, but they can't.
Hearing stories of people who find missing rings years later makes me wonder if I'll get my SLU ring back in 2033.
Movie night! Having a beer and watching sixteen candles.~
I haven't told you specifics of my issue. Why did you tell me to DM ? What should I expect now?
Watching last night's #Dbacks #Dodgers game ~ hilarious how trashy #LA fans are. Cheering when an ump gets hurt. Those "people" are garbage.
Higher education in Brazil has undergone a huge expansion and the government says it wants to open up opportunit..
Newspapers are practically dead! But PR has faded to
toenails are freakishly long
Best part of the day? Seeing that radiant smile from Enjoy those DC meatballs, Gorgeous! ( )
saturday Donna and Joey will be passing out pet treat bags for christmas, and please sign up for our weekly raffle!
Tip on winning Pulitzer Prize: If your photographs do not offend old people &/or scare children Retake
May is Small Business month!!! What are some of the #smallbiz your support??
The Belden-Stratford would like to wish Nancy a great farewell and we wish you the best of luck for your future. You will be greatly missed!
curled up in bed with #ramona and importing stuff into
Looks like Carl & Rus' little internet venture is down this morning.
Good morning socialmedialites! I have an opening for a mid-level C#/.NET developer in South Jersey with a fantastic company that has a team…
I found out why I was setting off store alarms. The idiot at VS left the security tag on my sports bra...grrrrr....
I am sure will tell me bout it!!!
Thanks :D
Goodnite everybody need more followers u follow and me and I will follow u back
almost mayor.
NO . It's okay...this time. o_O
Have forgotten how much i love
definitely the GOAT
me too I'm from over there by that tree lol c:
sounds good to me too - .01% transaction tax will shut down European markets and drive people to US financial markets
why does there have to be a wreck?!
Wars r won or lost by their supply chains most of which is fossil fuels
Aww I miss you :)
yeah same :( where do you live? :)
You're just somebody I used to know
Need followers please
well my feet are actually cold .... brrrrrr x
Purple Haze; Six Feet Under; Jimi Hendrix
fine I won't ugh.
I'm so turnt up in dis bitch!!
Today? Yes! We keep changing our mind but I think this is it :)
Ready to destroy at Knob today! 4 running medals here i come!
I hate being on a diet. I only lost 1 pound this week. :( I wish it was easier. Gonna start running this week!
Hi! To find your 20% off coupon for grab the gold: log into your twitter acct, go to home tab. It will be in Direct Messages. Thx!
because its fun in this class.....and you would complete the group
Who will be this week's Kenny freaking Britt???
on tha xbox 4 a lil bit. just gonna b lazy cuz work killed me 2day....
About to check out this Avenger movie...... Ready to see the #HULK put in some work!
RT I just want to be with you.
Looking forward to a talk by presidential historian Michael Beschloss.
tx for the retweet. I like how we have our own story exchange!
*watching freshi film* me: so is he gonna cheat on her?!:o granny: yes me: what a slut. granny: innit LOOOOL.
": Drinking wine through veggie sticks.That makes it healthy right?" hahaha yes. Instant transformation into v8
Competency model essential to future leadership. Crtiical to investing in and growing emerging leaders
yes alot of it...
I love love love this weather. <3
I like Maybach music starting to like trap music a little bit more and bay music is always playin'
This food made me sleepy af, Goodnite Twitter :)
I need to stop #pinning and start paying attention!
I tell my dad "It's easy to shoplift." then he looks in my bag LOL
I wanna be the best I won't be satisfied till I am
Thanks very much.
Thanks aha im gonna be in dallas tonight! Is nick still there? RT : Glad you agree! And your icon is SO cute! :D
they should give Diaz an extra 1/3rd of his purse and two title shots for fighting so well with a weed handicap.
The butcher backed into the meat grinder and got a little behind in his work.
Because you got a Fatback
You make me smile, Mel. :-D RT : T4: Courier pigeon
Just wrote a song I may never be able to release.... *sigh*
probably only of there are enough unique users.
So I can go have a beer on the river in a non-disposable container right now? Whoopie!
YOU COVETETH MY ICE CREAM BAR!
As much as I still want to deck him in the face, etc. I'm going to stick to being an adult about things & not waste my time on bs.
Spotify or rhapsody?
Can y'all tell me about some new music that's out cuz I'm riding to 03 CDs still lol
I have information that leads me to believe Pokerstars was behind Tapie all along. The info sent to me by FTP months ago.
9/30 Dessert Special: Lemon Ice Box Pie with Raspberry Sorbet, Whipped Cream & Raspberry Coulis
There are a lot of air fists involved.
"In the course of completing this exam, I even surprised myself by what I knew." -- comment from one of my grad students. :)))))))))))
when the world says give up, hope whispers...try it one more time!!
I thought Adderall was a BBC tv show..
Thanks Davide! Keep building building great apps in Miami! cc/
Does EVERYBODY know Katie? :)
"snapping hicks necks" <U+2665><U+2665>
Had a blast at the 2nd annual golf tournament! Thanks to the board and volunteers for putting on a great event.
via : So glad CUA 742 has had long-term value/re-use of resources. Revamped a bit & getting psyched for spring 2010.
I'd love to see a remake of the blue 1988 Swell HOF cards...25th anniversary set since you can produce Philadelphia products.
So I say one tiny ass word in the library and this idiot got the nerve to tell me shush....You fuckin shush. Lol
Watching "Airplane!" streaming on Netflix. Thanks
i love you~ can't wait for abdc tomorrow!<U+E415><U+E418>
Blessings Lion!Jah Guide.
Post your questions using hashtag
Yes, I changed my PW so I hope that this nonsense will cease soon. Thank you. Cheers!
where the hell did your blonde hair go?????
uh oh... i'm scared
great another offseason talking mike Richards and Jeff Carter.
Tamari, Commie, Illusion, and Katie. (The last one is my favorite)
Jamming with ..follow them... Better then the radio..
Custom T-shirts: The Easy Way to Style!
Easton’s Natural Resources Trust holds family fun day
freezing my bottom off-- it is freaking cold in cheeseland. !
if you are already here for #sxsw interactive, come by and say hello at our booth at today or tomorrow!
“: Anybody go to brew city?” everybody did.
The special effects on this show are epic.
my milk mustache > your milk mustash
OK! The judges better not be trippin' tonight! & , #wisn12 #GOPACKGO!!!
DEDICATED TO ALL THE PRETTY GIRLS....ALL THE PRETTY GIRLS OF THE WORLD
Crawling into my bed might now be the best idea
Goodmorning my Facebook & Twitter Friends.... Let's get this money. J-Shin The Bail Bonds Man yes that's me. Need me Call 7864452171 ASAP...
Today is gonna be a god awful day.
Chill? I think so!
When I search & I look where it says Top images... My picture of him I put on there is under Top images... YAAAY...
try using games as reason to drink beer w/the guys RT : Every Royals season: excited for opening day... downhill from there.
#nw joe dirt. nah im cool...no you're not.....you wanna play bumper pool?
Today is national stalking awarness day?
Here is what #spirit told me today: #Love is all there is! Look beyond words into your #relationships and with #yourself. Is this truth?
This hoe here
in my mama room laying down watching Hair Spray
At the #SABEW fall workshop at #CUNY Grad School of Journalism. Right off the bat, Kenneth Rogoff talking why economists "got it wrong."
You can never quit. Winners never quit, and quitters never win.
Watching This Is It... Love MJ!
I cannot count how many people gushed about pumpkinhead today! The hat is magic. Thanks again!
LMFAO. ~DEAD. I can't rn.
Breakfast & coffee date
hard to take that twitter name seriously
What we put into our bodies impacts EVERYTHING!!!! food should be our medicine for prevention, treatment, and cure for a healthy body.
Thx for the SXSW cats (hilarious), the back-o-napkin drawing and API inspiration. Look forward to rest of the 10 trends!
PPL r stoopehd
Avoid the temptation to spend, mind over matter.
Where can I find these?
Emily is adorable - why whould they do this to her?
hell yeah dawg!!!
I hate it how people tell me to follow THESE ppl when THOSE ppl dont follow me back
so tired
just finished laying down vocals for unconditional...
you going to grandmas tomorrow?
to say. That's why social media policies are so important these days. Companies need to spell out how it will address employee
I think so ;)
Used my #casino comp to try foie gras for the first time. Weird sh**! Just a steak next time, kthx.
so painful
disagree. No one cares about MI now other than couple of pundits. Public paying no attention and could care less
I need more garlic bread in my life
There wasnt a dry eye in the house after watching a documentary on the life changing power of Ivy Prep (all girls charter) in ATL
Spring break <3
There's a reason no one talks to me.
Where's my candy though
why isn't it good?):
We are going Furniture shopping this weekend. We are thinking either Hickory or High Point NC. Any suggestions & recomendation?
Me : im bout to go see what in yo fridge cuz whats yours is mine , ... Except herpes u can keep dat sht
I want at least one suit wears on #30rock. You wanna hook me up with one? Haha
come to the downstairs patio... My name is on the list girl love u
thank you for the follow
Amazing is the only word that can describe tonight. Thanks for demonstrating family is not just biological
Think I swallowed a bottomless fat kid...
Is it wrong to be blasting & singing (Ok trying to sing)? – Please Remember Me by I obsessed w/this song.
This stupid bitch is living my life.
what kind of surgery did you have?
Where has been? I miss her! :(
I mean dm me
Thanks to Baba Art and for making a memorable morning for Connor and me. The little man was enamored with his #staching!!
Lil & Shy Cute
You don’t need a letter giving our latest doings. What you need is a quart of iodine in your thyroid gland.
Special Collections at the Center #nwaohc12: the "sage on the stage" age is over - special collections support active learning.
#Job Seach Resource/Site of the day: www.USAJobs.com <--- home 2 hundreds of federal aganecies arnd the country looking 4 U, happy hunting!
Presley i guess i could understand, but in no way was Nate a better option than McGehee. No chance
or a cuse team with fabmelo
Excited for Thursday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>; court observations <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A8>
I hate when people do stupid stuff , just 4 attention !!
Thx for following! My hubby played LA Noire, and I found the Irish boss amusing, too.
I love you too!(:
A chipotle pepper is a smoked jalapeño pepper.
Rick Pitino just called me, apparently he wants me to do the post game press conference.
Will be riding bikes at Golden Gate Park next weekend.. what will you be doing ?
Special shoutouts to VOiB TV for working on this project for Pristine Empire! Stay tuned for more info...
my parents crushed my dreams of meeting , they won't drive me to the radio station... my one and only chance</3 :(
Some people come out in just anything. Smh. What were you thinkin?
GM...will do...n make sure u seize the day...make it it ur lil bitch ...lol
Alright, I'm climbing my 5 foot nuthin' self off this soap box. Oh, and happy mothers day. :P
Lt. Stanko says there is "only so much space."
School then to dr appt.
RT : Forbidden Mind is now #19 OVERALL in AMAZON! Have you downloaded your FREE copy of my award-winning YA......
Today's NYTimes article re: communicable diseases in NYC says cases of "babesiosis" are on the rise--but only attractive women are at risk.
I'd turn lesbian for Melanie Iglesias.
yeah! i'm drinking water hahaha
Nice :) We already have Crush, so the baby will probably Squirt. lol :) Finding Nemo turtles! :D
follow be biootch(:
Im taking a break from laying in bed to take some medicine XD #sicklife hahaha
My Dad just asked me to check flights to Istanbul next week for the Championship. Bought. Apparently crazy runs in the family.
Stop being so judgmental. Make sure you fix what's wrong in your life before you start judging others.
insane!Had 2cut down my list to9 RT Is there a such thing as too many sample sales? So far there are 21on the agenda 4this week
After I was so kind to bring this niqka lunch
RT : RT : training...training...training then again
I don't have the energy to care #whatever<U+270C>
What's the point in lying if you're just going to tweet the truth?
follow me please? :)
they should do it
Are you spinning at any super bowl events?
adventures in babysitting? Favorite opening credits sequence ever.
should let you two host the show together when Kevin leaves!
It's chili weather! Anybody got a favorite recipe they'd like to share?
YES!!!!! FOLLOW ME DOOD!
Earning online MBA program, will be able to apply what you’re learning-right away.
carry me home tonight <3
yeah man, is a serious drain. I bet that was most of your problem. Totally killed my phone daily at
thank you for the RT.
what you up too
Haha maybe someday.
So Matt Weiters is the best catcher in baseball
I was. I just got home. Were you there too? I was at the outside bar.
I was at work at 6:30am. Chasing papers.
#IWishPeopleWouldJust Shut The F*#k Up Stop Being Ungrateful Keep Positive Energy Aroun You An Live Out Your Dreams -Breeze DTA-
4 my nxt trick I'll do "The Carlton!" “: Just sang entire theme song to Fresh Prince of Bel-Air with !! #good times”
Officially an iPad owner. Typing is a little harder than I expected.
Creating a local setting for your book lets local readers feel like part of the story and others curious to see where your story took place.
I will b rockin the mic 2nite at Bankers Life Fieldhouse for the Indiana Ice! Come out and support the team at 6:05pm!
good just working my way back up to the big league
Sad to see one of our best moderate allies not seek reelection.
I was thinking of a really good tweet, but I forgot it.
look for me. I was glad to be there that night and to see and hear too!!
what's wrong? :(
just watched your documentary - amazing work exposing how it all went down.
RT : RT : Almost time for dinner!
Missy Elliott, come back, please?
How do I keep getting sick like this?
KEEP FOLLOWING
Avoid 205 north. It's horrible.
Who really cares about fatal mistakes, trailer park dreams don't carry much weight
I love the Mos Wanted Crew & of course Brian Puspos ^.^
The next season already sounds boring. The Salvatore brothers are going to fight about Elena, Elena is going to be all "confused", and Damon
Are you going to steinert's prom tonight??
Awesome! Apparently is was just played so thanks everyone! Keep requesting us so we can make it into the top played songs!
Being aware of what u eat is the key to longevity! Is saving a buck worth sabotaging your health?
Also it's the glorious reunion of DJs Dirtnap, Johnny Bubonic & Tiger Lily! Kiss kiss, bang bang, $2 pbrs, $4 stolis, only at !
Hi!! I saw you answering questions on tumblr and wanted to ask: If you could be a zombie, would you be a runner or a slow zombie?
Um I'll give you a hint from experience -- DOES NOT WORK.
That's what I thought!
We ain't gotta rush let's take it slow
What have people been doing at #THATCamp? Going to my first one in a couple of weeks.
Sad we will not be at #edtech11, especially because we are a groundbreaking
So, 's little sister Anyfern can play "What Makes You Beautiful" & "Call Me Maybe" on the flute.
Good night! (:
Yay!!! The monkey in a wig won the dog show
S/O to our new follower
Intrigued by mention of Adam Drewnowski's research on food pricing by nutrient density, serving, and volume
I know the feeling I know...
Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets.
yo yall playing some outdoor tomorrow
I'm going to act like I didnt see what I saw!!!
Thanks for all the kind words regarding the Dolphins Draft Keys. I'll be tweeting during Thursday's draft...cheaper than seeing psychiatrist
": I'm not gonna stop till u scream my name"lol oh yeah
i dont think i have your number! lol
ah snapper you are the best!
RT : You'll only get offended by the TRUTH when you're living a lie!
Doing following dump, I discovered I'd been following penis-enlarging Life Coaches who loved Jesus, web marketing, and Polish cooking.
it was a awesome show So random it will always be in our hearts and I still watch ever chances I get love always :)
im so tired yet, i cant fall asleep
bet you'll need some comfort food tomorrow. Fancy a Big Mac then preach about healthily habits?
Casino Royale With Cheese
Lmao, stfu! Dying! “ I'm not fucking no girls wit no kids today. It's all about u mothers today. who want the dick?”
#RachelsAudition noo, I love Rachel too much for her not to get into NYADA
hmm thats ez, just turn on the garbage disposal, as for the car, well I think the keys are safe let em stay right in the car
I hate when people mess up my snow. I didn't walk in it for a reason. it doesn't mean you can go walk in it and ruin it.. it's ugly now. -.-
what time
look slimmer. pound for pound, muscle takes up less space than fat. boost muscle and you'll appear thinner
needles scattered in the grass, sharper than the broken glass.
Me and three other guys have a sports talk show on the student radio here. God, it's like you never read my twitter profile.
New healthcare law if u live in or move to Cincinnati u get your allergy meds free. Jeebus this is nuts 34 years old & never had 'em til now
got it
They don't have a good bathroom to do coke in.
Spending the day with James Cameron & Bob Ballard...on our monitors.
yes! sad i didn't make it to asheville last week.
Street hockey later today for the first time in a little while between the pipes. Let's hope I'm not too rusty.
It doesn't matter how often I travel, I always over-pack. I pack for every situation and in last 10 years 99% of them have never happened
Wife comments, "so ray rice has scored twice already " good point, Yar.
Time to find a new adventure. Create it. Pursue it.
If I could have a man that love me as much as I love myself I keep him forever that's a +
has a jam-packed day. Meeting with teachers, residents and a reporter -- I will find time to get in some door to door between meetings.
I'm not even watching this movie. >.<
Thanks Heather! You as well!
#Charlie'sAngels, #TheOffice, #Grey'sAnatomy, #BigBangTheory... all premiered for the season TONIGHT! Which ones were you guys watching?
Tweeting is my INTERNET Life
Lawsuit Against California Attorney General Kamala Harris Continues; The Battle Against Ms. Harris will Protect Homeowners Nationwide.
Question for you all regarding race day! Would you rather: 1. Have a longer day with more cats racing alone? OR...
yep sho do! Search "Mr. Number" on android, might have one 4 iPhone. Perfect app!
you shouldnt be allowed to foul some1 intentionally to send them to the line so they cant shoot a 3 - dumb
Honolulu, it's got everything. Sand for the children, sun for the wife, sharks for the wife's mother. - Ken Dodd
I ADORE when artists just pop in to say hi <3 <3 Thanks Silverflower Jewelry Designs ;)
What is wrong with me, I'm fucking freezing all the time
because we forgot to explain. #christmas??Nah-sunday.
still love it XD
The ego has kept you living in survival mode and now it is the time to move into living. True living is done through the heart.
Got some sun today<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
<U+FFFD> Before we can have a successful relationship with anyone, we first need a perfect personal relationship. <U+FFFD> Russ Von Hoelscher
I don't think that any artist or band could come even as close to covering Adele as well as One of my favorite covers, by far. :'3
February 29th is such a high pressure day.
thanks for following me
We'll begin our Countdown to The Knot Cocktails & Connections later this week! Look for info on all of the great participating vendors soon!
Driver/car/team was awesome tonight! Glad to see us move forward after a rocky start!!
DailyHookahTip#114: To clean the pipes, stay natural. Run warm salt water down the pipes, plug the ends, shake and drain.
jake's mom you fucking weirdo. RT : When I tell a joke wrong
Thats Also The One of The BIGGEST reasons i watch it... lol
Found a midcentury Siamese cat table lamp. My mom enjoying her moms day found beautiful Vaseline glass & antique lamps
Camel dick is the name of my perfume. Awkward. #swag hahaha love you too butthead.
I think James Taylor is going to have to rewrite Carolina.
Nice to meet you , and Thanks for following!
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: Want to see your blog grow? Then always solicit comments and suggestions at the end of each blog post.
Europe in suspension between idealism and real politiks. Nation vs union. Strong emotions and call for a populist is that the solution?
Just like that awkward moment when the ticket taker at the airport says, "Enjoy your flight," and you say, "You too."
My friend asked what she should said for what she liked. I said being abusive. What did she do. Pinched me in the arm. Wow!
Studying for my psych test :P
All winning website interviews are complete. ALA Annual here we come.
Sioure Technologies is fully #PCI Compliant
Tweens! Katherine Tyra / Bear Creek Lib has a program just for you. Come make a 20 minute kite. Today! 5 - 5:45PM
ok so my laptop finally died (again)...not sure whats better: cheap then brake or expensive then break later...
THURS 6/9 Sustainable Seafood at the Biopark! I love the fishes cuz they're so delicious - and not endangered!
thats not even funny.......
Boy is now home after rescuing umpteenmillion dumb hikers who didn't pack enough water. It's HOT out there, people. Stop hiking and relax.
Typical of Spurs to give away a goal like that after having two great chances just a few minutes before. Need to do better 2nd half.
I dnt miss her I miss who I thought she was...
how are you
- just started a GAE & twython project in fact.
Maybe Spotify exists to solve the problem that nobody should *ever* buy live albums or "Deluxe Reissues With Extra Disc Of Bonus Rarities"
"Hi my name is *your name*. Remember that. You'll be screaming it later.
Okay, SERIOUSLY?????? Who calls in a phony bomb scare to a school for BLIND PEOPLE??? Sick jerk.
That awkward moment when I'm moving my legs together because I'm cold and some worked guy says "I like the way you shake that booty"..
lol yep. It blows.
i can not let these few things holld me back, when they are fixable
Plus you can easily extend them as much as you wish, and then reuse them in all your other articles
Lol yes it does lolRT And a wonderful morning to you, too! Every day opens with new possibilities. Enjoy!
should I turn spin cycle into a one man musical show on broadway? Songs like, " we don't wear sweaters"
oh, well then, bs away!
Oh, yeah. This is right up your alley, John.
I've been up for way too long now. Need to be rested for Cinco de Maxo tomorrow, and the best way to start it off is with The Price is Right
Man or Muppet? Yes!
Ald. Fioretti: Please address the racist graffiti issue promptly! It should be cleaned off immediately.
hey thanks! I was looking for this!
any one else please ship me use my icon please <3 ;)
Am I one of the only ones who is overjoyed when Chris Berman is doing Sportscenter?
#thunderup don't let me down!
Next stop WORK at Submercer tonight and Night People Saturday where we celebrate the births of and
Glad I didn't call in sick for this!
Enjaquecada...but I found my birthday dress <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Today we finished the second comprehensive round of edits for Justin Sirois's amazing novel, Falcons on the Floor, about Fallujah.
Maybe he means a professional golfer.
ugh *gasp* don't b rude
Oh man it was great catching up with who knows more about #wireless than anyone in the biZ!
new "Mythic Fitness" discount chain sends you an email about how hard your workout was, but you never have to show up
Ok can we be real for a seconded -__-
Make it a habit to do something each day that you would prefer not to do.
Cingratulations my friend! Something tells me you grade somewhere around an A+ as a dad.
I loved it even more that Lane was the one that kicked his ass. <f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00AC><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>lolol
My new technique: Use the #Star TV show trick... Use my smile to hide my bad cooking! (my husband will TOTALLY fall for it)
but glad you got to go to the m&g though ^_^
Hi Craig, you can sideload an audiobook from your laptop to your iPad, but not eBooks as of right now.
harder then a fag wit a dick in his butt...onika said that :)
"If things get any better, we may have to hire someone to help us enjoy it."
i really need you in my life no matter whati have to do ill wait for you
You will do well -
Grind time baby gonna kill some verses today
just did.
I just got home from downtown. Can't wait for 6am!
Its gonna rain.
It's sad when #abestfriend becomes a stranger and it feels like the distance is growing bigger and bigger each day
there a practice today? still working on eval. for JT? is he still taking contact?
Who went to the Super Bowl (I didin't ) :(
Don't Just RESPECT the DJ Support them. Quit expecting ppl 2 help u make money w/o U helping them do the same.
Splawns are the sickest amps out there. You got to know how to tweak it the right way, especially the QR. Some people use a eq.
is poised for movement.
as hot, more hot, or less hot as the first one?...
Some guy brought an adorable pitbull puppy into the gym this morning. It was the best.
say yeah bro
Yess!!! Ride Swag is ALIVE!!!!
I want to, but I know I shouldn't... Fetish for white girls!
Learn about Accelerated Video Creation and Streaming with and today at our booth #1117 at 12:30!
Friday Humor: "Never invest your money in anything that eats or needs painting," -- Billy Rose
Miss my Ace!!! Wanna get a good night sleep. So im vout to start now!!
So you'd rather have GOP making decisions if this third party fails to gather any momentum? U believe Obama's choices are whim?
good point ! Lol
Welcome back! ": Another great tap workshop. It feels great to be back in those shoes!"
looks like you are VERY nosey. ;.)
chek it out ..
"why is everyone randomly honking for no reason?" "anyone coming from downtown right now is mentally ill"
Former Kenosha County DA Bob Jambois is representing Assembly Minority Leader Peter Barca, who is also from Kenosha, here in Dane Co court.
I'v been away so long because my blood pressure couldn't take anymore bullshit GOP talking points But after tonight I'm Back!
oh okay :)
Metta world peace is a stupid ass bitch for that hoe ass elbow!!!!
ugh you need ta calm down ok and f nobody got it
That annoying moment when you're behind a slow walker & there`s no way around them."
veterinary Hospital with a good friend of mines as she puts down one of her dogs :-( but in the end we will have joy :-)
Seventy percent of success in life is showing up. ~ Woody Allen
this song reminds me when that women sang to justin on ellen on his birthday
It's totally obvious--we're always surprised when we talk w/orgs and they aren't doing it. The info capture especially.
morning morning!!!
Potential to have review posted on book's website and social media pages. If interested, DM me and will get you more info.
I like that attitude!
Thanks for the follow, ! Great to see you on Twitter!
VERY good album.
Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass... It's about learning how to dance in the rain. Vivian Greene
Good morning everyone <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
yeah, got them in august. i can still support the team; they aren't responsible. it'll be joepa's last game
Tell them about the cost of living....
You Say Tomato, I Say F*** You
ruffles feathers or makes fish uncomfortable. Is there a way to get position on a fishy without making things uncomfortable?
some was unfinished. Whats funny is the tattoo artist charged him double lol
miss you too sweetie!!
If you truly <3 someone u <3 who they r & who they'r not fully!
you should so come to prom with me :) jk u probley wouldn't but anyways what's the oldest girl u would date
so u really got out the car to take that pic
Bahahahahaha ! Oh Teddy you're the best!
QT : My love filled my gas tank yesterday. Well, I know it's real. LOL( lol !! Thats as real as it gets
loving "The Good and Beautiful God." God shows me something new every time I open it.
thanks so much would love for u 2 see the trailer for my new film
CA ISO at SDGE summer energy outlook brief: SD has problem- lot of energy demand, not enough local generation. Vulnerable to energy imports
good compromise!
that's a great pic of y'all & I'm guessing that's without the makeup too .... gotta love it!!!
#WhatHurtsTheMost is knowing that one day will get a girlfriend.
Shout out to Janet, Jenna and Matt for having me as a cohost today-Staten Island's Matty K show! Can't wait to see how it turned out!
I wish I can have a relationship like Desiree and Gonzo <3
rocked Generations Hall last night. Thanks
face value of $27 each for sect 115, row a, seats 11 and 12. would prefer to keep them in pair if possible rather than singles.
Zomg that bannana creme pie was amazing. Happy birthday and thanks to whomever in SAB brought it in :D
It's a long hard road out of hell.
Bam RT : Joy, play and love are key elements of your true nature.
I Miss You- Go Radio
Girls night! RT : On our way to see Jason Alexander's show! We're so excited!
I think Z-Bo is the type of player Bo really likes to have; not sure yet where he'll fit into rotation.
it's okay! I gotcha! I'd be mad if I was working with joe.
S/o To Just For THe Fuck Of It...
a hater on facebook left a comment on a wall post i left u saying some mean stuff to me & told me to go kill myself ): it hurts.
Shawn Estes...is that bad red dye?
Nice job! RT : Just got the photos for the august feature, totally freaking amazing!
Be sure to follow , Atlanta Dog Spa’s spokesdog for some more doggie facts and info!
You have no idea what you're just done...You've awakened a blue storm
Eh, didn't get accepted for either of the Disney internships I applied for. Screw you Disney. I am more than qualified! -_-
Thanks for the RT
American Legion Post 142 on Peaks Island
Massage time!
I use , and sometimes
That person in the office who insists on having crazy loud phone conversations.
Listening to corporate-paid stooges is not one of them. If Ratigan were doing much damage, he would't be on their payroll.
I am a #Spartan at heart! Go State!
Have a wonderful Sunday everyone. Writing day for me.
All of us here at French Pharmacie want to say THANK YOU x100000 to all of you lovelies for supporting our business. It means so much!
Alas, it's overcast here in Portland as well RT Vancouver is not a big town for watching solstice eclipses.
Never underestimate what a little expression of gratitude or kind words can do for a person. Might change their world. Opposite is also true
Parenthood, its not a job. It's an adventure!
Athletic Republic-Albany () brings a science-based approach to performance sports training in Georgia. Watch as Melanie from...
Everyone please follow me i always follow back! <3 :))
They need to call me about this job already because I am in anxiety nausea hell. About to vom on my cubicle.
can u pick me up some? Thanks!
Last day in Vietnam! Gonna miss it! :'(
if she wins I'm gonna kill myself..
my mom said i could get highlights! ;D i'm psyched. but i want blue ones.. xD
is taking the long way home, day after day, moment by moment.
foster I love that lip balm! Well done, girl!!!!
If you wear glasses without a lense (like not even a fake clear glass) then I probably will have a hard time communicating with you.
what's so funny!
Can't first up be the people whose headphones are so loud they release tinny beats you hear ACROSS THE STREET? #prettyplease?
6-16-84 last of era, final JYD Superdome show for Mid South, beats hated rival Reed in Ghetto Street Fight
This comes just in time for those family get togethers and best of all HOLIDAY parties!
Thank you for your support!
Eyeshadow without glitter? Why bother?
I like that place.
98.1 in Philly is my all time favorite radio station.
i kinda like his new look
She wants to fall in love with you but she's afraid of getting hurt, afraid of lies, and afraid she'll end up with only tears in her eyes.
“: LETS GO CINCINNATI - TOMORROW NIGHT we are playing at BSL Sound Stage (1520 Tremont St). be there” Whos comin out??
I heard that if I don't watch Fringe tonight on Fox that the show is going to be cancelled. True? What about ?
10 hour Hypnotoad video is already 2 hours in on the TV.
Following the #Padres, I am so glad I don't live on the East Coast. Make that just glad period.
$1 doppios til 5pm! Come try our famous espresso for just a buck!
I would rather be fat and ugly than be skinny and pretty and be an ass like you.
It's ridiculous!!!!
Same to you!
Lmao Nah bro Twitter on bullshit I got you
Who has their 2012 resolutions in order? How about a whiter smile? We can get most patients 4-6 shades whiter in 2 hrs or less!
Thank u! MT : Thank u both! the Democrat half & the GOP side. Fair & balanced baby.
can u pls me
Heck just shoot me…
Yo Yvonne gonna get wet while reading my final essay. I went IN!!!!!!!
Good luck with the ABC appearance this morning!
Hate giving rides to people especially grocery stores..
TransitChatter Launch Party is on Fire!
Just had a fab talk with Dallas Hudgens. If you reviewish and would like a copy of Wake Up, We're Here, lemme know; I'm walkin' to the P.O.
nice! did you use the faqs on ifixit.com? they are very good!
Good Observation.
Gotta love how this class is now a film analysis class
I get weak i dnt no one but theres somthing we cant deny
but at least the hype pushes ppl to think about convergence. RT : SoLoMo just a buzzword puts tactics before strategy.
What has our world come to?
It won't happen overnight. A total paradigm shift in education is required.
I'm watching the woman in black with some friends. That's why I'm up haha.
That is how bad Blaine Gabbert was.
Because. I've xperienced being a caged bird, I don't mind flying Alone as an eagle.
Horror movie marathon at my house... I'm not gonna be able to sleep, tonight. ._.
You can make a ton of money renting rooms out to these clients!
$GACFQ watch out below
T NASTY SO BAD WHEN HE WAKES UP IN THE MORNING HE GO TO THE ZOO AND PUNCHES BEARS IN THE FACE JUST TO LET EM KNOW WHAT UP!!!
Went walking to the store
No way! I'm clumsy, don't worry
"... Wait, what heritage is homosexual?"
i'd love to see a pic of this! so rad.
google molly
League team trivia starts back up Wednesday May 2nd at 8pm. 8 weeks of play. Winner gets Packer tickets. Teams of 1 to 4 people
Vendors of machines sell you machines that cannot be easily managed by non-dummies. Compaq had a restore CD so you are in good shape.
#Celtics lead #Sixers, 38-36, after Paul Pierce three near buzzer at halftime. Boston is shooting 38%. Rondo has 8 assists. Holiday:13 pts.
Do u know when #EVO3d gets its #ICS update?
I'll see you soon, enjoy dessert
This week has shown how mean and thoughtless people can be,but I am still in the best mood!
Tomorrow night! I'm there! 2nd row behind the Nuggets bench. Epic!
I can!! That was so awesome!!!
lol well its late at night and you talk bout some damn seasoned goldfish
woo hoo! can't wait to check it out. Thanks for offering such a neat blog giveaway. You rock, milady!
Full house plus some!!! Great to see the support! RT : RT “: Line wrapped around City Hall. #5votes” this is insane!
A Tornado Warning destroying your entire sportscast is like walking in to a Sub on exam day. ”Wait...it's not today...but I didn't sleep!”
it's the worst and I do it all the time
I hope everyone is having a wonderful Wednesday. Going to see Titanic 3D at the IMAX tonight.
:] I'm so nervous for HS. I can't believe we only have 50 more days till graduation :(
Shady Ass
Hello is on now??? I'm deffinitally gonna Watch it more often
Men meating men, this is my current TL
next week video girl the movie amc detroit, stl,chicago, amc theaters
Congrats! See you in the fall!
#ItsAdamsFault MY ASS ITS EVES FAULT GIRLS PMS!!!!!!! ://
Yes. I designed 6 items but I been tryna get Illustrator on laptop since I just graduated
lol sounds like fun! :)
two words: pirate jazz. or three words: pirate jazz fusion. or two words: pirate soul
i told you how great of a job you did on a david wu story and i heard nothing from you. what???!!
the really great make you believe that you too can become great. - Mark Twain
I take back everything I said, and I sit in dust and ashes to show my repentance. Job 42:6, NLT
Is this #MadMen episode dedicated to the memory of Steve Jobs?
@ the rate we're goin...we need 3 turnovers from D!!
I can sell that... but no more than like 4-5
Twinkle twinkle little whore yur at school not jersey shore
such as?
Great to see you. The weather is great here today! Wishing you a pleasant day too. More music coming up!
that is how it usually works!
It's only Thursday... shit.
is this a test i swear it is
very minor updates. Pro Combat pieces added, custom collars, and some minor piping/striping alterations.
There has never been a cuter, sweeter woman with a name sounding so, so much like a comic book villain.
Hi Mel, Blonde Roast iced coffee is in addition to Ice Coffee Blend ;)
Our summer newsletter comes out tomorrow! If you're not already on our mailing list email !
Great Morning everyone -- the week begins again and to-do list start to pile up, better get the coffee :-)
Right now we're just knocking on GOP and Conservative Party doors. Going after indies and Reagan Dems starts on June 27th!
I swear everyone that works at target smokes cigarettes! #smh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
“: Weird that a race track would have no ATMs???” Crazy, right? It's illegal in MA to have one at the track.
in people or dog years? Also I laughed out loud lol
Psychopomp needs hula hoop, God needs her christmas lights, Satyr-Angel needs paper legs, angel wings, & cloven hooves.
Closed SHORT $GBPUSD for +24 pips profit; 15% of the community volume is trading the GBPUSD with sentiment 37% SHORT
thanks kris! you too! RT : And you have both fabulous hair and fabulous shoes.
I could tell how buddy cocked the shotty it was rwal LMAO
I hate being sick o;
You guys are funny.
Earth day with the family spent working on the yard ohh yah love coming home!
Time is passing by extremely slow...
haha like always.
Sometimes there are no words or quotes to ease the heavy heart. Goodbye, #8. You've touched many, and your spirit will live on.
Gate agent swapped me into a row that doesn't recline without telling me. :-/
I still prefer a team to win with a bunch of seniors
fuck yea #xpartysuppliesx fucken rules, just listened to some original tracks, fell in love all over again
Contemplating... RT : I love Jenga & Juice, but seriously...Scrabble & Sap...I'm tellin ya, it'd blow minds.
nice picture! ;-)
Thanks for the follow! I've enjoyed reading your articles, and was excited to see you on Iron Chef the other night. Cheers!
Blessed 2 have friends who call you talk & give solutions 2 all the things that were troubling you without you even telling them
#Why Do We Always Argue Bout The Same Thing ???
Biggest upset of the night was no corny Jim Nantz description of the winning team
it's not right and it's not okay
Mothers day shouldn't be the only day your mom feels special. I love you mom!
RT : You can have anything you want in life if you just help enough other people get what they want.~Zig Ziglar
haha I know!
RACE: random acts of continuing education.
At RFK stadium, DC United leading 1-0 against AC Milan. Beer cups flying...
n/m just thinking bout ya..u?
I think its funny how my phone charger grew legs in walked away. Smh. I'm starting to get real pissed how my stuff is mysteriously missing.
I think that @ tweet was meant to go to RT : wat u doin tomorrow night?
Great post-thanks for sending me the link. I will definitely include it in Teaching Carnival.
Blake Griffin. Wow.
True that, I didn't take any chances so I saw it this morning.
correct sir.
Turkey sandwich for
GoodNight Bitches ! And One Last Happy Mothers Day " Mothers " .
My office feels like it's 40 degrees in here. I can't imagine how high their electric bill is. It's so cold that it's Jamaican me crazy.
Oh my god I was just watching this video! :P
I wann a be happy but there are some road blocks preventing that
Share the wealth... Pay it forward America
I have the right to keep bear arms, right?
A book should serve as the ax for the frozen sea within us. Franz Kafka
I think just snored
I have to park on the street. $40 is beyond what I'm willing to pay, CBs fall fest is much cheaper.
Watching car chases at work makes the time FLY by
I ain't fukked nothing in long time I'm gone put my bread up and fine something to or one to get into
I'm at work tho. I'm bout to txt yu.
I know right. Hope the same on your end :) have a great weekend :D
watching Sleeping with the Enemy.
Um...that's hilarious! Woah, that reminds me of 5th grade when that album was super popular! :)
Missed you last night on the musicians' video conference. Should've logged on! Much to prep for, Sir.
May... Last month of vacation... *stretches* *starts doing jumping jacks*
RT : ESPN Classic will air yesterday's #EPL Man City vs. QPR match as an "Instant Classic" at 9:30pm ET tonight
I remember now. It's been a while since I saw that movie. It was pretty cute, if I recall.
Good afternoon tweeps!
i know i'm having a bad day when even my dreams are shitty.
RT : RT : Gratitude is living in simplicity, thankfully noticing life
juevbebes!! thursday night, boys and girls. where we goin"??
Compromise has never worked. It only advantages the uber rich, so fuck you.
Jewelry store commercials are uncomfortably cheesy
Paul Pierce the best player on the Celtics
you won't win at lambeau this year sir. Sorry.
#RandomFact December 20 tweeted me and I was so happy for about 5 days :)
Birthday on Wednesday <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082> Gonna be 15 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
wats up my nigga how you been
Today's writing tip: if you keep insisting you don 't know where to start, you'll never get started.
Babydaddy, Babydaddy I'm tired of u.
If you've been craving a lecture on the Ghent Altarpiece (and who hasn't?), I'll be giving one at the MAG 10-12, 10-13.
Thanks, Phil! I always enjoy ethics debates.
idea for a bit.. "Scott's Got Talent" Where we try to find a talent for Scott at the "Block Party Shows"
Formula for success: rise early, work hard, strike oil.
How You Gona Ride A Bike , But You Saggin Tho ?
Vandy will SLAUGHTER Harvard today! They are only favored by 5.
What's new over there? Follow our founders at and :-)
if I leave the house I got you but If I don't it's over
S/O 2 MC's that aren't afraid to tell another MC they're #DOPE. Its very rare in this Business. Some people were just born HATERS.
I hope so!
i FUCKING hate being sick...
Just powered through a way to early ACC-Big Ten challenge preview. Look for the link up later tonight!
is totes mgoats
thank you
It's getting dark and we out here in the boondocks.
NFL Draft talk right now with Eric and John. What are the Lions going to do tonight in the first round? 248-848-1130
As they say one life can be enough if u make the most of it.Whats on ur must do list? I want to travel to undiscovered areas.
Thanks for following, ZGlobal!
High Tide is going to SXSW in Austin the week of March 12...Can't wait to see our fans in Texas!
Thanks for the tweet and the email. Will be giving your plugin a workout on techwarped and diycomputing. Appreciate the heads up.
you're human and it's hard to forget. That's not a flaw at all. :)
We encourage that kind of obsession.
lucky you, wish I could do some shopping right now. Stuck at work all day.
Just because you claim to be "Fair & Balanced" doesn't mean you are".Lean Forward" doesn't mean you do,U could be leaning backward.OK
I HATE for kicking off! NEVER watching it again!!!
than why didn't favorite it? Lol jk love you more than words can say i can't imagine even lovin you less <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Some fun looking longboard waves in NY today. Can't wait to get home in a few weeks and get back in the water.
see now that's a tweet that says something.
Great idea, thanks! But looks like this good weather may pass, to thunderstorms tomorrow :-(
Hi! Could you please follow me back for a bit so I can DM you? Thanks!
Less than 24 hours on Twitter and already 3 followers peddling sex. Isn't technology great??!
Good evening ;)
Agreed, but thats why we have a free version. You should check it out
absurd! We've been teaching our young since civilization began! It doesn't have to b so complicated!
Thanks so much, both of you! The internship coordinator/check universities suggestions are brilliant. Sent 'em on
Ugh.um im, so confused !...u got me extra frustrated
I want our relationship to be like Tom and Jerry. No matter how many times we fight, we won’t be apart.
HE'S following me! is he following you? he followed me on April 3rd..hahah AHH i feel so special..along with 43K other ppl
new interview tonight at 1standvine.tumblr.com. a very inspiring company, to say the least! check it out at 9 EST.
Mike Smith makes me cry more than Litter!!
Yes. In fact, just take the tv....and the contents of my fridge!
What better way to show how sorry you are than being 98 percent dead?
thx so much!!
We let go of being princesses when we realized that there were no princes to come save us.
Spoelstra's "it wasn't that serious" is a joke rt? That fool's gonna get shown the door faster than a hooker after an orgasm if they lose it
year there will be alot of concert i wanna go ! super junior , 2pm , girls generation , LADY GAGA !!!! omg. cant wait !
I think they are detailed enough to help! Will lay them out to check. Thanks!
do you even have my number?!
Come on out tomorrow night we take on West
lol She did!!!! :) She also appreciated the Sconnie team effort. She thought that was funny. :)
Tickets are selling fast to The ToyMaker, purchase now to see this Premiere new musical with fantastic stars and a winning score!
Having your brother home to proofread your essays >>>
I did, but the batteries were very low when it went missing. Didn't seem to work with no power. Cabbie just found it tho!
Thanks greatly to , , , , for karaoke good times. ^_^
: & ur absolutely right :) *holds head up high* lol
Have had a horrible week so far. Hope tomorrow and Friday will make it up.
Rant! Rant! Rant! Rant! Rant! O...that feels better
FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT ITZ I FOLLOW BACK!!(:
I actually wish I was going to school tomorrow.
"You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals." George S. Patton
If it was the weekend, I'd say TMLMTBGB
no problem
- greta coment on Forbes, and great post on your blog. Love to connect: what's the best way?
Baseball and softball season is upon us.
I miss my ex...but I honestly dont know why....
Prayers for Joplin
p.s. I love u
It took me forever to find my contacts in Gmail... it turns out the word Mail is a drop-down that can switch between "Contacts" and "Tasks."
oh my.. I have hakuna matata stuck in my head haha good thing I like that song (:
I expected a low scoring affair tonight, honestly. Joe's been pitching great until now. Good thing it only counts as one
not alot publicly available. Traveling will try to get some out this evening.
You want to hang out in a skybox on the strip with me and attend the CCDP Convention this Saturday? DM this account.
Better days are ahead...it's a long season.
No! What are you going to do? Im double checking my coffee reserves just in case.
- My friend is heading the event at , so I'll be there!
So. I'm orange..
Yes, ma'am. I think I like the ANTICIPATION of reading almost as much as actually doing it, lol.
Oh God I just found out I share my birthday with Justin Bieber today. God I feel old!
ps. See you tonight. Love,
DID YOU FIND WALEEE!?
the fact that i have to stay home tonight <<
turn it into the biggest planetarium ever and find some way to raise money for NASA
someone doesn't know how to text me back, so they just leave me hanging.. >:\
I've been trying to locate the source of this quote...is this from a play?
Had an avocolada smoothie for dinner. Prepared a great salad for tomorrow's lunch. Got daughter working on her book report. Night night.
Poor Theo. RT Theo #Epstein was not extended an invitation to the 100th anniversary celebration at #Fenway Park
I'm eating sushi now.
so much for the no call list, huh?
good on ya! When's the 2nd?
I'm sure you're glad for this. Almost done.
Oh it's strt as long as you get high off life. ~Stay Zooted
Monday, womp womp wompppp. We hope you all had a great weekend!
Just kidding. Forcing my kids to watch Jem with me. They're mocking it, as expected, but it's fabulous.
Lol, we try! Thanks for the shout out!
Sorry everyone, were working on making our website better. It should be back up momentarily.
Third attempt at getting this VO Audish out! Why is my equipment failing me?
oh it's torture are they even open at this time
Disengaged employees are stealing from the company, but the burden of their engagement is shared by both employees and leadership.
Happy to be going to class tonight.
the Bearcats are in the den with their moma bear this bowl season....
Lmao RT ": I don't have a short temper, I just have a quick reaction to bullshit."
do you have your phone?
my new mixtape is gonna be crazy
With a little help from Joel Ward, Caps have #ComeOutToPlay for another day,
MT : #wvdoconf12 good stuff - #DougStamm of encouraged us to thrive on the fundraiser's key asset, ability to empathize
omg that just made my life
There is power in the CEC but we are waiting to be sure the power returns.
Hmm what to do today?
RT : Scotch is a drink, not a nationality.
<U+2606>A New Day, A New Beginning<U+2606> -A
James Cameron returns from the deep after discovering January Jones marbles, Alicia Silverstone's sanity and Octomom's dignity.
i would bieber bitch slap him .
through the magic of Twitter!
all the bitches love to sing and dance to call me maybe
Have a great weekend and remember to stay safe!
Sept 2 Rem TIX on sale for $10 until 2am. VIP tickets are still $20 so it says the average ticket price of $15 but just pick section GA
I'm so sorry. I was sleeping >.< hit me up a little earlier next time.
The switch to Bartab 2.0 will officially be happening today!! The site will be down temporarily during the change. Get excited!!
A man who won't die for something is not fit to live.
I had 1 girl ask to be reunited with her family. Tough night for Santa. I'm asking you to perform a #randomActofkindness 4 some 1.
Oh, Lml Word.
Today is my dad's birthday! Wish I could home to celebrate.
Well that was predictable
It's amazing how one comment can fuck up your whole mood....
where are you? Is there a theater in between we can meet at?
It's not a 'good-bye', only a long 'I'll see you later.
pandora hook up to the car. Pick a station, can't go wrong. Safe travels.
Where are you ? Taking dayzzzz!
iced is nice, but hot hits the spot!
What better way to show mom that your care?? Hire a Denver Limousine to take your mom out for the day!! www.denverlimousine.com
Seriously? Holy hell.
I'm not sure that we'll make it... I'm in grad school, travel costs from TN, etc... But it looks like fun! Can I see your film?
“Be thankful and feel blessed of the treasures you have today because tommorrow they maybe gone. ”
Yeah, the price of a very popular twitter chat. #ideachat #ideachats Hope filters improve :)
Just imagine Romney as Joe Pesci in that grit scene in "My Cousin Vinny."
On another note..."Lotus Flower Bomb" is one hot track.
We must find a way, or we will make one.
im thinking...
Absolute power does not corrupt; it reveals... What is hidden when we are powerless is exposed when we are empowered-EM
Today? Because I wouldn't NOT be jealous.
great piece on Gleason.
I didn't have any on me. Which begs the question why do you always seem to have them around?
#Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning.,
Pattie is Our Beautiful Mama :)
Maybe people will start respecting Chris Bosh more if the Heat get beat in this series.
Out with lower back pain since Tuesday. Hurts like hell. Needs to get better soon, I want to run!! Missing nice WI weather.
no its healthy lol
thanks for the invite pussyclot
it'll give me an opportunity to pack tho.
Thoughts on SUPER 8. Give them to me. Now.
...and you can bet that the drawers and cabinet on that desk are going to be adorned with knobs/pulls. Whee!
in my sweet tea? Yes, please!
Hello everybody!
Today's Quote: "Parents often talk about the younger generation as if they didn't have anything to do with it." - Haim Ginott
It's cause I came home.
Lmfao my oldest little sister is watching Yo Gaba Gaba and she gets so angry... Riley relax, this show is for babies.
Chiana:What's my favorite -- steak or hot dogs? That's a tough one. I better sleep on it.
Storage Wars.
Looking fwd to seeing you at
My neighbor has created a venue for her dog's poop spot on Foursquare. (Never cleans up after her dog, either.) X now marks the spot!
o...waiting outside of work for someone to open the door
is gonna have me out buying that book TODAY
I love how is so close to his friends from australia still :)
life time movie: what street do u live on that d mother fukin ice cream truck come @ NIGHT TIME ! #A PREV
I am thinking that I need to pick you up a Starbucks on my way in :) hang in there, lovely
I think I might have to go to Ft Sam to see LT Volkening.
Tim McCarver "We didn't have Facebook back in 1932."
Playing at Le Maison De Musique (formerly Ray's Boom Boom Room) on Frenchmen St tonight late night! Happy Halloween!
I feel like I'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe.
Taco soup: awesome. Burnt tongue from taco soup: not so awesome.
Loving spring break at Pier 60!
Don't forget tickets go on sale at 10 am tomorrow for Legends game.
Blah. I have very little love for Detroit. On the positive side, I'm now on EST. I can buy #cruise one hour earlier! :)
I just hate 2 things, stupid people and negative people, so you lol.
Congrats to former Sabres and current champs danny pallie
I keep tweeting the same thing to you and it would mean a lot if you followed me so you could help my bff's dreams come true.
strippers? During the day? What's wrong with this picture...
Eating a Triple Stack Peanut Butter & Blueberry Jelly Sandwich. Going to watch a movie after and knock out! Sweet Dreams!
I'd rather have more heart than talent any day. ~ Allen Iverson
Had the craziest dream last night. was there. :)
True that. But seems we ignore sports-related concussions.
have you tried prune purée and a little oil?
probably a bit to spontaneous. You should start with something smaller
Sent you guys a message via another social networking site ;)
the Blazers are playing for the draft? The only franchise that's always in rebuild mode!
Respec ya bro RT : Ever have the same exact conversation with the same person within a 3 week period.
well done Bean :) nice job!
Oh it's on. I'm gonna bejewel my playa hatin all over every last hoodie. Or take a nap.
How great is
That works just as well. You could even combine the two if you want.
Thanks for the share! what a fun slideshow
Many people live for the approval of others. This will always lead to great disappointment. You must come to know that you are worthy.
where is a good black friday or before special for a lap top?? anyone?
This day just keeps gettin better and better!
Just finished watching my cooking shows. I love Hell's Kitchen and anything Top Chef :-)
It's #FridayReads - what are you reading?
Got the new printer hooked up finally & the color printing looks pretty good. Things are looking a bit slovenly around here.
Just got done bbq-ing for Mothers dayy
What? K2 and the Titantic in ? Is it sweeps month or something?
Nice to meet you, too. Look forward to it!
Thanks for the RT!
I don't wanna talk to him . l0l so stfuu :))
Gay/straight alliances are powerful #followfriday , , !
Headin' to the gym with my friend Sarah in a few. yeah buddy!
Nice little selection of punk 45s just priced and put out for sale! Check 'em out!
Just cause you're not in highschool doesn't mean your life isn't drama filled. Stop blaming drama on highschool. Its your whole life.
You can't hashtag EVERYTHING !
The groundhog is just a lie perpetuated by the liberal media to argue for or against 6-week global warming trends.
sounds good...I just got off work...Imma go clean up...hit the dispense n head ur way...coo?
maybe you should be following me too? :p
happy hump day! <3
You don't really wanna fall in love.
thank you so much!! Heading to panera now.
Me too! Except whales, swim & Malibu = crackheads, stagger & Milwaukee. RT Watching whales swim past my house in Malibu
alex was trying not to laugh omg. <3
and the rain begins....
": I never leave to school without a scrungie on my wrist. #icantbetheonlyone"
Under the U.S. Supreme Court: Getting naked down at the jail
[Charlie Sheen] got a million followers in one day on Twitter.... Plus he's got tiger blood and he's always winning." -- Justin Bieber
Everyday for me ..
I'm like super focused today<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Jordan I told you to stop eating that crap! I vomitted in my mouth just thinking about it. YUCK
Oh you wanna flip me off cuz you drifted into my lane and I didn't slow down?
Scumbags at Google have now hidden the Sign Out link on all Gmail email accounts.
Thank you Italian women, the generation of men with misogynism of the sort displayed by the PM needs to end
I'd almost forgotten how much I like being able to sit out on the deck and work on blog stuff.
Shopping online tomorrow or monday? (black friday/cyber monday) Install this app right now! Donations made with every purchase. pungle.me
to sleep per chance to dream of a happy Tuesday! Xx
He Said I made him cry.. I wonder if he just playing games
Ready for a new life? REALLY ready? Give it ALL to Jesus & don't look back. Stop carrying the past around and learn from it.
So glad Tina is speaking up for herself on #Glee!
I'm still depressed I can't go to teen hoot and see and all my loves </3
Omg im bout to die!
i wanna come :( but i live in germany:) do u promise that u'll have fun and that you'll give everything? <3
New favorite pizza joint..NY Pie at Nashville West on Charlotte Ave..Kriket and the whole crew were awesome..Give it a try..
oh well. His loss:-P that means more people for us to eat!!!:-D
My dad randomly bought me an awesome laptop! Epic
u r so hot
Fatass obese scum think they are something in this world. How cute.
I see that 's cow jacket has matching pants... Adam plz, do not EVER wear them together! LOL!
Where are you?
Yikes! Hope everyone is feeling better soon.
#UnderratedEP is gonna be amazing. I can't wait! <21
Amy will be home for Easter Break!!!!
This will be magical!
Ryan: Trade & cosmopolitanism caused creation of communities formed around common identities.
Chicago wouldn't mind having you!
has officially deleted her Twitter page...the fans went crazy on her for bullying Kesha. They ran her off Twitter.
traffic MESS later this week in Chicago.
Get updates on #enviro legislation in Maryland by following I'm presenting next week!
good 4 u! Lots of advice! Stick w/ it, do ur best, modify as u need and follow the nutrition. How u staying accountable?
It's hard. (#DRUNKandMEDICATED took off head phones)
and Scott Shipley will be guests on #Charlotte Talks this morning at 9 am discussing 2012 US Olympic Trials this week
You cant eat a salad everyday, or you can just eat some pussy. clean pussy mind you, cuz some pussy is the equivalent of 6 mcdonalds burgers
thanks baabee (: ill try..
and only 10 library staff for a 6000 person school?
thanks for stopping by today David, How was it?
Actually Stotan! was more about my life in college. Ironman comes from later.
Smiling until your cheeks ache(:
kk, looking forward to seeing it then. I'm also just still bummed that they didn't do more with James Callis last season :(
Only in my sick, twisted mind hve I witnessed that. If you only knew... ;-)
"Daddy I want to listen to Radiohead" = Raising them right.
Bwahaha Doubt. I'm attacking the logic of bias. Take a Logic Course my good man. Descarte would be on Martin's side.
Hello you know where to find the awesomeness!
ended on a 30 footer for par to end with 5 strait pars...can't complain lol
I hate bigbangtheory and howimetyourmother. Two horrible shows, I have mental protests and fall asleep for any bad show
Celebrating the sacrifices of our founding fathers, veterans and freedom. America isn't perfect but we are blessed. Have a patriotic 4th!
Were sorry
Looking forward to start of a busy & productive week!
There must be more to life than sitting wondering if there is more to life.
Vikings need to fire fraizor. I mean seriously... Where are you guys goin with him
Stop the hate against Ellen. Either that or change your name because most moms don't support your efforts. I suggest: HaterMoms
If only I knew that at PMF Jobs Fair! RT I love my work at HUD, but I'm really just here for $0.99 2-scoop ice cream sundaes...
yes sir give me a minute
Welcome Jess..Enjoy your weekend...
“: Kate Upton has weird tits..”
police to Hurricane Tourists along Hudson River: "if you're still here when i get out of my car you're getting a summons."
Schools out 4 summer!!!!
Happy Birthday Fatso's Pizza!!! 17 Years & Counting...
hey stupid jerk.
I love nancy botwin.
": l wonder if anyone thinks of me when they can't fall asleep at night" Me!! Watching you beat everyone up on TV! Lol
Late night walks and frosty runs with my sisters are more important that final essays any night #neverwantoleavebtown <U+E022><U+E022><U+E022>
teaching myself to use photoshop, ok not photoshop...the free generic version Gimp.
Perhaps. But you'll have to wait 3 years for me to graduate high school, plus the 7 years of medical school.
To put it another way, writing something to completeness always takes place in the context of an audience and a marketplace.
Ha well you're asking big important questions, so I don't think so. But IF so, know you're not alone ; )
lol yes i did
Gorgeous outside. Must go find something to do. What are you doing today?
They're minerals.
Just read a nice blurb, praising a book as a meditation on "what Louis MacNeice calls ‘the drunkenness of things being various.’ "
I know. No rest for the wicked. :)
…and we're live. here goes nothing.
I just got an anger birds hat it's BEAST
Grieving is a necessary passage and a difficult transition to finally letting go of sorrow - it is not a permanent rest stop ~ Dodinsky
Ever dream of having coffee with a #Pittsburgh leader? Our new video series will make it possible. More details coming soon.
Hey, Obama's pretty funny! He's no John McCain, but he's got some chops!
watching bad girls club!
ringringring!! HI luis! Thanks for following! Talk soon!
happy birthday your chicago ICONiacz love you!!
ah, don't worry -- i already know i'm going to miss mexican food, so i'm eating as much as i can this summer!
Wish me a happy bday!
A beauty is a woman you notice; a charmer is one who notices you. - Adlai E. Stevenson
um lunch ASAP!!!!
If you like them, coach. If its too much hassle, ax. Besides, if they are getting paid they should know what they are doing :(
Boston iko boss. I see u came out of retirement...LoL
Today has just felt like a why bother kind of day. Nothing bad, just blah...
Love the Siamese cat pictures. My favorite cat breed!
Cooking some French Onion soup. yum
Good morning!:) didn't sleep very well last night...but no matter the sleepyness- the show must go on!
Clippers they be clippin
I wish I was that talented! Alas, no. I have to leave it up to you experts :)
I thought that was youu!
good morning all
Whatever makes you feel like a rockstar. <U+270C>
15 minutes until lunch
Happy birthday to my sista <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>oh dude I love you!
HEY LADIES WE HAVE DRESSES FOR YOU FOR DERBY COME CHECK THEM OUT!!!!
Missed 30 min of the Voice, god damhjkdhfjksfjks
PICK IT UP! WTF IS GOING ON?
I should probably force myself to study tonight, but I'm exhausted...so I'm going to exercise & zone out in front of the tv instead.
We would like to be able to help you with your medication needs. How can we help?
I can tell todays not gonna be a good day....
Rain! I want it to rain harder! Hail! Tornado! Cyclone!
Floating forms are also very annoying pop ups and also can cause alarm as many viruses give pop ups.
good thanks
If i ever saw play mouth to mouth live... holy fuck id be the happiest boy ever! Scream it .. wink wink hint hint
Come take a listen to deep end and hot shot mixed by producer chuck alkazian( Elton John, Christina aguilara, 50 cent)
As someone who sells Custom Printed Golf Tees, it would be a shame not to have personalized ones...now what to say. Ideas?
y'all anywhere near bourbon street?
Count on it! RT : You in? RT : #Thrillertruths Real friends help you hide the bodies. REALLY good friends...
Ima Wild Boy, Strapped Down Like A Cow-Boy.
awesome show tonight, woth the wait; thoughts going out to all of you on what I'm sure was a tough day
Rehearsal break-through! Can't wait to share with !
Always in a rush <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
congratulations -- can't wait to see great things with you at the helm!
Only I would be 25 minutes late to my own birthday dinner lol
hang in there. These guys just tied Union a week ago. Not pushovers.
EXACTLY how I feel. EXACTLY.
most 311 app request deny a problem exists, even with photo proof.
Hey do you play football?......... glad I could make you laugh!
yea I see im on yo page all these ugly pics of yhu jk
probably not a good sign when the student reference asst walks into my office and goes "wow. you look tired."
Where is the #Gopher hockey team because they certainly didn't show up to play tonight?!
i was at Loren's all day.
Huge Selection of Quality Cars.Trade-Ins and Financing. Call Us!(503) 789-2075
Was expecting brains & tshirt for #mlanet12 to be delivered Fri/Sat. No dice. They're still sitting Middleburg Heights, OH. Back to worrying
Found you via the blog. I agree w/ your list. Will be spending some quality time w/ your site today!
It's not what you got.... It's what you give.
Her Mom Passed Away Tonite!? :( How? :"(
MD House passes posthumous donor egg and sperm bill 95-38.
yay! i didn't know you were going to DC... should be fun!
Somebody's making a statement!!!
If you are weight training regularly make sure that you are allowing those muscles to grow by getting enough protein...and from the right...
I every day write to you "Please Follow Me" You can follow me? please it will mean so much to me<3
"Ask qualifying questions geared towards the result your seeking"
Knockout! "K" instead of S. Backwards "K" is caught looking.
Morning Sexy! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
LandLord Refused to Come.FD even called him. TV Room,Kitchen.DiningRoom ALL Ruined Ceilings/Floorboards Falling.
lls im not gettimg freaky thats him im just cracking up
Heading out to watch and LO varsity golf team at WVCC today - good luck Lakers!
The only thing sweeter than the world not ending is our donuts.
The drum video session went great yesterday. Will hopefully have videos posted for Retro Hymns in the next 2 weeks.
I can't even move
Whenever Zayn Says "tell me i'm a screwed up mess" in Tell Me A Lie, i'm like "no baby don't say that"
RT In reality girls AND guys are the SAME shit.
#TimberviewMemories when we all used MySpace
147 BILLION dollars was spent last year on obesity related health problems. Will you be at on April 14 to help us reverse that?
Talking Twitter w/ health teachers. showing how he shares resources
I bet you'd find fourier's "passional attractions" more useful than sade's passions, but the le brun book on sade is excellent
hahaha you could of deleted it by then ... But I did cause I'm a genius . ^___^
You know they would!Let's do the project-combines my social science degree and JD.Looking for career change to Booz-like contractor
I asked him to play Young Forever and he said yes but he didn't. Fucking cheated man. :-(
Good luck with this little gem when you hit the pearly gates. *looks up* (Hey, u know me and u are like this "X")
haha no y'all know what I have to deal with smh
my.space.bar.isn't.working.-_-.
Back in the A for Valentine's Day. Can't wait to capture the interview footage. Dc and New York on deck.
man... this is going to be a long week Waking up at 2 a.m. to coordinate these volunteers working to #endhomelessness in
Keurig brewer raffle, DD mug giveaway, free samples, Mayor Magnussen & more at 2morrow's grand opening of #Hampshire DD, 1000 S. State, 5pm.
TweetDeck is cool!
im addicted to skateboard fashion and jordan retros and somedays i hate that i am...
One should always be in love. That is the reason one should never marry. Oscar Wilde
I swear, the hot weather brings out all of the craziest, loudest people (and their tiny dogs!)
Exhale. ": McCarthy - Jennings expected to be out 2 to 3 weeks.”
Just preformed a legal wedding at
good news:-)
Today is another awesome day for interviews!!! Wooohoo!!!
& be sure to say hi to your Mixtape Meltdown stand-in bartender, Julian! Melissa is out preparing for Record Store Day at , 4/17!
Pondering the effects of current China-Google relations on New Social Media ...
Can you please give me a shout out pleasee?
how he hugs. <U+2665>
Ok I'm fried. Thanks to the <U+2600>
Columbus mom tries to stop a carjacker...hear how she risked her life coming up at 11
I have quite a graveyard of bananas in my freezer. All the better to make (lots) of banana bread with.
Got email March 2 accepting me as #appsct - 25 days & 3 emails later still not allowed access to site or group. Suggestions?
are you excited for summer? :D
OMG maybe you should let her know all of this lol
Never lie to someone who trusts you and never trust someone who lies to you.
i have an idea! :) must write this down...
Oomf said he txt slow cuz he want our convo to last all nite...LOL!!!!! Dats a good one.. (If we was in high school) gtfoh
Is amazed by how RUDE people are!!
Oh I'm not talking about you. I just refreshed my timeline and saw you said something about mixing.
SALMON. Apparently I am influential. Yippee. I don't even really like salmon. Go figure.
Not sure if this is good news or bad. :) “: #Brewers hitters are not big fans of live BP. The pitchers are mowing them down”
RT : Crystal Ball new Sen ratings: IN-Sen LEANS R (from likely); WV-Sen SAFE D (from likely); NM-Sen LEANS D (from toss)
really? Because I picture him in his garage reading books about gnomes and bleeding from the anus.
Jesus people We're not even going out. Stop spreading rumors!
I miss you too Sis !!!
oh Zobel...always the last one to a party
follow me;)
One of the best ways to support independent music is attend local concerts.
Whitney Houston's funeral reflected her life's work and accomplishments. It was an iconic farewell for a woman who was an icon.
Joke's on them, I suppose? :)
Free screenings tonight: Joyful Noise at AMC Northpark, Act of Valor at Studio Movie Grill Dallas, Pickup on South Street at the Angelika.
I'm ashley :p
Hope you enjoyed the OBP!
Really going for a NEW Iphone at the moment!! Wish me Good Luck ;)
Come on! RT glad to have you here:) Let me know when we can grab breakfast. Can't wait to show you
Cher Lloyd is epic. HELL YEAH, SHE IS! <3
Getting ready for two broker events this week!
Congrats to Barry Newell on his pilot presentation booking today. Forgot the name, it's late-sorry but it's about Barry. on the move!
Happy Cinco de Mayo! (yay Mexico, boo France)
Free ground shipping on all purchases over $100.00. Call (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code 7135
Keep up with the latest news about herbal medicine. Follow us !
I totally get it! When do you head back?
Tomorrow is Nate's 21st birthday.... Remember. The band back then.
RIP Adam Yauch :'(
Working on cover letters and taxes all day. Best Saturday ever!
SORRY! what should i do to it? cant leave it open
hey I'm down! Let me know when is good for you. I'm starting back up tonight. First run of the year. Pray for me!
RT I make moves you'll eventually learn about!
It's official the whole crew will be attending ! are excited for
Jeff Hirsch, debut author of The Eleventh Plague... something dystopically different? David Levithan says so!
try battery Dr and task killer.
Sounds interesting. I wonder how it tastes?
how do your consultants handle legal questions from their clients? A solution: www.prepaidlegal.com/biz/walshjp.
So windy downtown I feel like I'm in a white snack video
Room service = my favorite part of work travel.
up chllin with airess and chelsea..
i cant wait to hear 's #christmasalbum <33
Have a great, safe Mardi Gras!!!
RT : It's hoodie weather I'm wearing my hoodie today ;)
Aw! Thank you kindly!
Bailey is just AMAZING.Please move to florida!
"F<U+0336>r<U+0336>a<U+0336>n<U+0336>k<U+0336> <U+0336>O<U+0336>g<U+0336>a<U+0336>w<U+0336>a<U+0336> Oscar Grant Plaza is open for free speech activities between 6 am and 10 pm."
Brother in law is moving to Burlington, VT for a new job - anyone have suggestions on the best means to look for an apt up there?
Tonight's entertainment is The Androids of Tara, enjoyed with hard cider and for dinner.
Get your head out of the clouds boy~
That's exactly why we have no progress in this country. Ignorance and greed are killing us.
make money..make money..this chico right here gotta eat baby. ;)
Feeling Forgotten Feels Great Doesn't It? -.-
#20ThingsAboutMe I don't trust very many people, usually the ones I do trust end up messing up somehow.
Thanks for sharing! Very interesting. Love the concept of social media equalling social harmony. So true!
Happy Easter. If ur in Fresno, or anywhere really, go to church sometime today and celebrate what this day is all about
mite hit up the city tonite
Life is what we make it n like a picture when u get the Chance u should jus take it!
There's no classy way to eat pistachios
I can't wait to get rite im time for me to move .I miss my brother can't wait to live
stocking up on ice. Freezer full of food.
Submit your sustainability-related questions for EPA Administrator, Lisa Jackson using #AUEPA. We're accepting ?'s until 10 a.m. on Friday!
I understand that, I'm asking why you have that limit.
dude no problem. Help us spread the word if you can! We'll hook you up in the future, promise!
RT : Shouts out to all the youth from the bay area making a positive way and eing the future - Lil B
thats how southern people laugh, no lie :L awful isn't it hahahaha
On the bus to DC! I'm looking forward to some fun filled adventures this weekend.
u kno i got u. ;-] <3 but, 2 hours is too long for ya or what?
insomnia. filling up the water compartment in the vaporizer in hopes of fixing the too dry, can't breathe, problem.
my doc always tells me "no news is good news"
RT - Miami #Dolphins claim RB Steve Slaton off waivers today. Slaton was released by #Texans yesterday.
one more week of summer class to go.....
i am not ntertained
Intros day two at
Thanks for putting the call out to developers. I have a fun geo-social project for a developer.
Spotify is down; no music for me.
you've not tweeted for a day :O that is so not you! where are you baby? everything okay love? I miss you :'( <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Drawing WOW shots for your film idea may inspire scene ideas. Get a feel for the visual parts of your film while writing and researching.
A glass house with walls and roof filled with water.
Just finished the context of A Raisin In The Sun to high school students in #Alaska -- they were great!
Can someone please tell me the difference between a HAIR PIN and a BOBBY PIN!?
my fault homie, i gotcha invite next time k lol
Thanks for entering!
Why is so damn cute?
Just learned today is National Buttermilk Biscuit Day. had i only known that fact this mornin Id have celebrated this holiday approriately
Or rather, 2 generations from now won't understand what the OPPOSITION was fighting for! :)
love this song!!!!
I wish I could've hid myself and gone to Paris. LOL!!! Yes, I am a plane nerd! :)
Have you VOTED? Help Carlsbad Educational Foundation win an ADDITIONAL $10K grant from ! VOTE for Anna thru 12/11! bit.ly/uRM4aG
text me again.
Homework been coming n like money LOL smh
"Work from pithy middle eye out, swimming in language sea." Happy Birthday Jack Kerouac! We are lucky for the words you gave us.
Be man enough to take care and be there for your children despite what you now feel for their mother...
It's the first day of summer reading sign ups and my job is to convince every kid that they are a reader.
Happiness is the triple 7 entertainment sys, Hangover was so great I was LOLing as my co-passengers looked at me like I was drunk, I wasn't!
Oh, but it's not, apparently. He started yelling, "AW IT'S NOT THIS PARK!!!" But he's over it.
Peter Gabriel - Red Rain - 01:52 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Ah! Your bio is cute!! I like that. Can I steal it?!?
Glad you liked it. What a gorgeous & also v romantic cover for Seven Nights in a Rogue's Bed! Can't wait to read it.
those are SUPER cute? Where are they from. I may need... ;-)
Blow jobs>>>
In-person absentee ballots available at Zeidler Municipal Building starting at 830am for
Yesterday service was amazing!!! I'm shooked that my CD hasn't skipped! :)
could they get more crazy on that panel
Already had my coffee. Got a Redbull. Grabbing some Noahs Bagels and heading to my final.
likewise. Welcome to you as well, man!
Lyrics and Riddims here...
I got mines :-)
Chapter 2012 Page 106 of 366 "Trying to make a dollar out of 15 cents"
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours. -
Fuck I'm so tired and I took a nap earlier today -_-
": HOT 15 YEAR OLD GIRLS Y U NO 18?" i dunno :3
At the #SoCalProphecy conference. Getting ready to hear . Many more great speakers coming tomorrow.
ugghhh tired jus wanna lay down nd rest for at least an hour.
But by all means, please continue your antagonistic behavior towards us, I’m sure it will help all the players we serve...
so I'm trying to think of something clever and cute to say so you will notice me.. you will follow me someday(: I'm determined
Textbooks need a Ctrl+F option
OH MY GOD I DIDNT EVEN SEE THAT I LEFT MY PHONE AT HOME HOLY CRAP AJSHSNAISNAJ
Nobody lives forever, but especially not that homeless person I just ran over
#TEAMRETWEET YOUTUBE AFFICIAL GORILLA POSSE & SUBSCRIBE 2 OUR VIDEOS OF OUR ONGOING MUSIC CAREER, MUSIC VIDEOS, SHOWS & US HAVING FUN THANKS
Well I should write maybe, select 5 beats and pay only for 3 beats.
looking to book a party? email us today at
#ijustwannaknowwhy people start college and give up - education is the key to your future success.
Trapped in Indiana tonight by DH's unfortunate life choices
GAO investigator identifies the colleges: UoPh, Everest, Kaplan among them. Also Westech, Potomac Bennett Medvance Argosy, and others
Wish we knew about it - Us entrepreneurs would of loved to attend! Hope to be there next year!
if you sign, welcome to the Greatest organization with the greatest fans in all of pro sports
I can't wait for you to come up!
the LOTR soundtrack Is being forced upon me
Can't stop playing with the new keyboard controls on 's website. Sorry for destroying your analytics, dude.
Sally realness being served by the pound.
5 is a risk. Even the other networks have some that will fail. How they schedule will be first step
thanks for sharing!
Customer #loyalty is no longer reserved for the Fortune 500. has leveled the playing field. Contact us today!
I need to go to the zoo this summer, always a good time!
Im only human.
i Hate Facebook !* JS Twitta is WAY better (:
**ZUMBA** starts in 30 minutes! Get down here and dance with us.
yeah I promise ill post a pic soon
content curation- determining what info is relevant for your audience & presenting it with your added value & expertise via
Up Up Up Up Up Up and Up
Good meeting you on here...
Good morning, tweeters! "Tweet, Tweet, tweetly-tweet!"
Follow me on youtube thebiglongdong
In English ((: Watching A Christmas Carol <3
home cooking
Hope everyone's Holiday was amazing! Happy Belated Christmas ;)
there is no way big lar is getting that. but that car is fucking sick tho
woops, fell asleep at my dads
Sacha Baren Cohen just spilled Kim Jong Il's ashes all over Ryan Seacrest. Real or fake?
MAN!!!!! DAMN THAT WAS A GOOD ASS GAME.
whats your GP for tonight
#iF Heaven was a mile away. . .
When do you think a senior should go into a nursing home? Let's talk
Oh, sweet Jesus!!
: We are a proud supporter of locally brewed beer! Now serving Feildhouse Wheat! #drinklocal #cheers $5 Drafts
Oh hey guys.
follow me please ? That would make me SO beyond happy <U+263A>
#library101 flexibilty, ethics, searchability: all good points. Using tech apps...does that make a librarian? Focus needed
Thanks Bethany! (You're telling me.)
watching almost heroes did not know ti was a christopher guest movie
If I won the lottery, I'd buy you a ticket. But instead some Maryland trash stole my dreams. ;)
Whenever I delete an app on my iPhone/iPod, the shaking icons make me feel like they’re panicking over who’s next to go.
Time to see what's wrong with my neck :'( hurts.
I do everything backwards. I am driving the convertible in November!
btw I have a new number n no contacts DM yours n I'll text you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I have to take my paycheck to the bank. It's too little to go by itself.
Need a new phone :(
I guess good luck today, I dont really want you to win, but I want a good match so, good luck and have fun.
ur the best thing that ever happened..... Wish you could see this!!!!
Yep. And Gottlieb went with UK now but likes UNC in the tourney.
Sleep is not a friend
jonathan cook what's your favorite song to play live?
you can tweet all positive and we will be cool
oh hay girl :)
I'm so season one Serena that it blows my mind
listening....good work homie...
my page got hacked. sorry everyone
She learnin how to French braid on me~
Miami-bound tomorrow! Gotta get away from the cold weather in Chicago!
Check out the automated property management software we use: all offered for free!
AWESOME! Love the tweet. How'd it go? RT : Yup! is dropping in new windows today - whole house baby!
is recovering from a lawn mowing marathon, and getting ready for some fiyaaah.
whaaaa??? I am always around
You're totally in 2 of my pics from a GoldenLife event! So funny -- I didn't know you then but it's a huge group shot.
: Rangel's up and ... it's kind of making me sad<<I feel you, seems an ignominious response to ignominious acts :/
i have my own wave thank you very much
wants to know what the high school classroom of 2017 looks like.
My fucking stomach hurts.
Back in Dallas!!!! Excited to see my Mavs Play!!!!!
Interesting discush in the room re: aesthetics/design in tech. "Beautiful" Macs and how some ppl love it, others suspicious.
#subwayfitchat thanks so much for this chance! I'd give the gift card to my son for his 5th Birthday! He loves Subway!
POSTGAME on certain aspects off the game... "A lot of stuff didn't go our way, I'll leave it at that"
#Kyle whats going on bud?
Rampant arrogance that is the hallmark of #iubb fans. You know, the reason that everyone hates IU is not the coach or the players.
Life can't always be sunshine, gotta have a little rain!
Apologies as I haven't been the best tweeter lately. Have my head down working on a new iPad project. Planning an announcement for April.
Diron and zay and Stephen being drunk >>>>> funny shit
she's too cute <3
I don't follow it that much, just the poatseason. A lot of injuries this year?
Hitler bout you free booze!?!!?? Bitch...
This morning of NBC's Grimm is with at 7:10am. Also #MissedConnections and tix to NYE... Listen.
i am truly thankful for my family and friends, they have always been there for me and i will always be there for them!
Happy Birthday! Any plans for the big day?
thanks for the retweet and helping us get the word out :)
Thx for the shootouts! Happy weekend!
Or shall I say up paper chasin
Goo morning!! I'm back!!
it turned out very nice! Ground Turkey w. Veggies &pasta shells, but I used ur same sauce. :-) was a hit w/ the picky eater
On NCIS set today waiting in holding... But the weather is beautiful out here in LA- a cool 72 degrees!
That sad moment when you walk over to your roommates room to tell her something and shes not there haha wahh
all this talk about college? I should probably get to it also
#read Psalm 145:21 My mouth shall speak the praise of the Lord,And all flesh shall bless His holy name Forever and ever.
Do you actually mix the songs together?
For condoms? Or tampons? Gotta be one of the two with that face.
My ass Finna go to sleep
unfortunate because often the little mom & pop hotels often the best value and authentic experiences over big brand.
i've been hearing tygas music more than usual lately ... hm
Goodnight everyone.x
I've been waiting for this day for so long!
Help a guy out RT Trying to find tickets for DRose and the Bulls game tonight. Who wants to help me find tickets?
Appreciate it. And we'll be around when you need us.
A new green roof project for a home in Laguna Hills is signing. With a spectacular view of the Ocean, it might be my new spot for a picnic!
Tx, Bill! 1 vote per IP address to prevent dupes. Possible that Bernie or Jeff voted on your IP already? Could try iPhone, home
Frank Spaziani is not the worst coach in the history of the world, he is just a tribute.
:( MT : Leaving work early despite a big problem bc I'm fighting a cold & it's already 12hrs. It'll have to wait.
Hard to believe we're done with manned space flight, at least for now. Some of my first memories are of watching the Apollos with my dad.
Broad Ripple! I've missed you!
“: If you are going to be in Vegas this weekend, be sure and stop by my Valentine party" - that means you!
If you love Scouting for Girls, don't miss them at the Lincolnshire Showground on 3 Sept with Lulu and Glee inspired G*Mania!
Good afternoon ladies :) dont be afraid to say it back :P..
Ruth Bader Ginsburg tells Egypt to NOT consider the US Constitution as a guide to writing their own. Extolls S. Africa, Canada & EU.
Do you all have it recorded?
Police widen perimeter at standoff location. Activity going on near house where man barricaded himself near Vassar and Tennyson.
early bird reg is ending!!! has subsidies still available...vegas, baby!! www.tribefest.org
Tornado warning has passed for the Plano, TX area. Lock down at Barnes and Noble is over. Lots of rain here but no damage around us.
Need a female to sub on my JCC coed softball team tomorrow in Owings Mills. DM me if interested.
I'm doing me and there ain't shit you can do to change it (:
Miyar for Mayor of Miami Dade County. Clean up Time
How to get rid of fruit flies using home made traps that WORK! http//www.howtoeliminatefruitflies.com
Who is your team? The Giants or the A's?
If you discover that your partner is talking negatively outside home, realize something is very wrong. Usually at home.
oh boy. Team BroccoliClassic over here
I'm the JavaCat and I'm always here at the Cafe 24/7, so I'll keep you posted on what's going on around here, right now I'm having some milk
What if we healed people. Profit wasn't God? Some European countries have virtually eliminated prisons. No Need for Them.
I would really rather have had something else at Seattle Center. But tourist money talks carries massive clout.
Book project done! Now I just gotta finish the book...
crumbs (cupcakes) and the standard beer garden give me anxiety.
whats good fool
Adios! Im on one:)
ISDlocksmith has 7 years' experience in the Locksmiths line of work, and provides locksmith services to clients throughout pacific beach.
how did you get pantsed and nobody took a pic your caught slippen
happily broken :)
will take a look. Dude when are we catching up? It's been too long...
Shout Out To Ya !!!
What kind of features are you looking to use with your class?
they won't tell me.
4 real everybody going off on them,they had a ustream and only 95 people was watchin!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I need you like water
Off to this hell hole called school.
Why did I wake up with "it's gonna be me" by N'Sync stuck in my head?
I am not "emotional" because I am a woman..I have Emotions because I am human.
Three weeks until my birthday! I hope I'll get a tweet from Cody!
why????? of all the times for my van not to start, it picks now. after working 1 to 10....
Well I am going to bed finally. I had a late night. I worked until ten and then went to a club in old town, partied with some chicks now bed
me too!! can't wait to see it!
at My Creative Dept planning TriStyle Girls Magic!!!
The new commandment: thou shall not hate, kid
Balancing fiscal responsibility with the needs of the people of the 44th District will be my ultimate goal.
I am trying to figure out how to twit, or tweet, or twitter...........
You blame Korn for EVERYTHING.
hurry up with my lunch
Great show tonight!
I GOT MY FIRST A IN ENGLISH IN A GRADUATE-LEVEL CLASS.
There's a rumor going around that Mikey got a girl pregnant??
Anyone with a righteous abrasive attitude works for me as host.
you should follow/reply . cause when you smile/we smile.& we love you/ just like you love us <U+2665>
good night my beautiful future mwah love talking to u xoxo
We have 2 brand new songs for you guys! One is heavier and the other is a soft one. Can't wait till you guys can hear.
Burn outs :D
Don't assume everything I post or tweet is about you. If it bothers you, then you are guilty of something.
You can target Facebook so much more. However I do want to experiment w YouTube AdWords
who's your favorite team?
I prayed 2 the point my knees should have been bleeding... & I remember the day I got my first response "water" continued next tweet
You must begin to think of yourself as becoming the person you want to be. -David Viscott
ah derek eyes were turning blue i hope hes alright *heart pounds*
Rock on!
just because she slapped you doesn't mean you can talk shit on other people or fucking keep calling me 24/7 you know I have a life to live
Why was there a different Carol on Friends for like five minutes?
Me and are planning tattoo ideas........
Contact our customer service dept. They will be happy to take care of you
Many biz brands e.g. Kodak which are part of our lives are going away because they're no longer creative says at
we are very please that you are happy with us & are so grateful for your tweets about us. Thank you.
Well that interview was a waste of time.. guess I'm stuck at kfc
YES! RT : Sometimes, people hold onto & control small things to feel powerful. Little do they know, power is cultivated w/in
We are in Muncie at the Cornerstone Center for the Arts for the Region 5 Regional Initiative Grant panel today.
This was a great conversation. Can't wait to review it for all the great tips. Thank you!
YW! Thx4 connecting me to new people & ideas on Twitter!
chad and brig are going for sure!
I'm watching a penguin movie in Chem class and I thought of my penguin <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A7>
Student's stolen is replaced by Pabst...Now how can I get them to sponser our comedy shows?
Can't wait until my brother's back in the US
hey there
Why do I feel like you are my Jedi Master right now? "I...I cannot teach this one."
My brother, Dr. Daniel Begel, is the founder of the Sports Psychiatry Section of the AMA. .
Hey fellow museum folk! What do you think is the most effective way to connect with your community?
The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on.
trip to Puerto Rico was fab! Thx for asking!
You a lame ass nigga if u hav2 BEG for Sex and get mad when you cant Get it.! You get zero hoes n u wack af.
Please email me at . Looking for Robert N. & Mary Bruckstein
Studies show that coffee may help prevent type 2 diabetes, heart disease and Alzheimer's disease.
“: Pop an ambien so you can do both #sleepyhawkers” always 20mg too little or 20mg too much, happy medium is fiction
i can imagine changing his baby in the bathroom at mcdonalds haha
we all remember the Social media coverage of British royal wedding coming in at
Hello. I'm whoorli. The digital content marketplace.
just got up from my 20 minute disco nap - I feel mighty!
Love how 3rd base coach Tim Flannery leads the runners home, but eventually he's gonna get the 'out of bounds' call and cost u ...
Omg my first mention in MONTHS sucked! Tf? <U+E40D>
I love how it's so hard for to say something bad about a crew on ABDC
Just finished creating the trailer for my new film - I Will Find You.
fear the fuzzy cuteness.
One revealing contrast to the leaflets posted on poles, which are always disappearing, is grafitti.
I retweeted two, so s my d Josh.
I dunno if I should thank you or slap your face, LOL
BBL. love all <U+2665>
Go ahead & start making Sunday brunch plans! RT For cajun brunch and all you can drink (srsly)...I like Nawlins in
Superintendent Sherman names John C. Baker as lead psychologist.
you are sexi baby, you are exelent t.k.m. baby
likewise, and thank you for your kind words.
Atlanta bound! Let's go Hoosiers! Where is ?
Us, too! So happy you're making the journey to Chicago for the show.
LOL ROB RUINED IT!
Thank you so much for coming to see The Miser! :)
I love music :)
Best quote from reporting on the City Creek fire... "those shoes, they are going to be OK."
All my prayers go unanswered because there is no God. TOP DOWN, TUNES UP!!!
Ah its a celebration.
. nice response. who took the jam out of your donut?
according to the attendent, he doesn't "give a damn."
your welcome <U+E056>
Appetite for dystopia: Gary Ross creates a ruthless world in eagerly awaited 'Hunger Games'
the only cure for too much coffee is more coffee. Or does that only work with booze and hangovers?
can't wait...CP is gonna get live tonight - national tv & new uni's - Gametime = 11 hours...WE READY!
Your book is wild and funny. Anytime you're in Portland, OR, we'll TV interview you, great job wild woman!
Boston shows how they can close our games against a run and gun offense like Philly... At the end experience wins
sounds perfect
Hoarders just made code enforcement guy throw up...lol
I work there, its on Emerson & County Line in GWood. How the fuck are we not fat? This whole conversation is about deserts!
You are greater than your ability to buy stuff.
yessir thnx bro im anxious to see.wat he has in store
lmfbo I'm seriously cracking up hahaha
I should be paying attention..
thanks for the mention!
Hows the fam!? Thanks for following me Cynthia. I appreciate it. Can't wait for new music D!
where at?
"get on my job and I hope that my work is done...by nighTime..." www.MCmikal.bandcamp.com - peep the "nighTime" ep by me, the MC (mikal)
Boston Witnesses to Hunger at Congressman Jim #McGovern offices.
You'll just have to wait for another season of the Two Coreys.
That's bc you're the most interesting Baltimorean that lives in Philly.
Attn RT : Fugazi will release all the shows they played that were taped (850 of 1100) for download at a sliding scale fee.
You are the second person to claim these as yours :-p To be fair, there were 2 teams that had large crawfish.
Poll: What is an acceptable age gap between an older woman dating a younger man? 45% 0-5 years; 38% 5-10 years; 17% 10+years
No running here…spending the day outside though! Enjoy it!
S/O , H-Town for life boy!
Rap-just like back in the day
when your fav uncle comes to say hi to you at work :D
I'm hungry but it's too late to eat
Some young hipster at the coffee shop is 'sore today cause he went snowboarding'. #HTFU son! I just did 27 innings of hand held & I'm fine.
I LOVE YOU<3
I'm bored anyone want to ask me any questions?! If not then this is a waste of a tweet!! :(
sik designs by the way
had my first latte last week, my girl made me get it ....felt old as hell....smh
Italian Pasta, zucchini, canellini beans, tomato, onion, hot pepper and garlic....I am the sous chef.
"I'm having a vacation, and it's so beautiful, and maybe I'll never get another film idea in my life." -Lars von Trier
Very Welcome :)
Cooperation is what happens with a positive-sum game: competition. Conflict is what you get with a zero-sum game: politics.
not here
I'd rather have you leave then me, because I don't deserve to leave if anyone it's you. #Yourproblem I'm not fixing it.
“Good business leaders create a vision, articulate the vision, passionately own the vision, and relentlessly drive it to completion.” -...
apparently now it's mr worldwide...
So I'm wayy to mad how they ended desperate housewives...
Wtf I'm talking all sloooowww.
I got so much candy its crazy
My hair is looking very very ginger today.
doing that bitch work.... Lol.
sending prayers up for you!
IM JUST FANTASTIC! But no I'm okay
In bozeman montana right now.. Last night I saw this drunk guy fall over and shit himself.
networks working together. WOW! Hi to little brother
Didn't you guys post a video for the project where you sing "True Colors" or am I thinking of a different cali group?
WE are back open and hard to work
have you seen The Manchurian Candidate ? Same thing there
Sorry I would have gone with Angie. just my opinion.
They had these cops on tap beating and stomping this 15 year old. Then the woman who turned the tap in got fired and lost her job.
Experienced Sales Person wanted ASAP!!! Fax resumes to 678-377-0003. Only highly motivated apply.
Your swag don't exist in the building with Grammer!
Home!!!! Love. America.
Just had a pumpkin spice frappuccino for the first time, I thought it was just ok. I'll have to try it hot.
imma try to come next week
Today is school-ending ceremony..93line~GO!GO!.
Enter a Backwell postcode, BS48, thinks, wrongly, that I'm in Chelvey, a nearby hamlet. Admittedly, I'm really in San Francisco.
It will still be playing!
You eat whatever you want. I've got enough trouble keeping track of myself.
What do you call a chubby girl on the phone? A teletubby.
Awesome! Look forward to tweeting with you
Check out our website for up to date classes and 4th of July cancelations!
Thx! It was a pleasure having w/us! RT : Last days of #JMS internships, & a final thx to sponsors...
Ugh I hate going here :c
Right now they are filming ABRAHAM LINCOLN VS ZOMBIES. Maybe they'd like an ORIGINAL pitch idea - nah.
Compund training of shoulders today. Muscle growth taking place. Follow up with a yummy TeamVic Matrix shake!
I want like a steak or something [:
So cold.
glad we could be of assistance!
ok done!
today has been pretty good... for a monday. :].
Survival kit for the #newsroom or #magazine team includes a bandaid & a mint. Can you guess the #symbolism?
Yes locally. By my coworker actually. He bought a letterpress a few months ago.
Causing problems for myself
“: "I'm on 'till the crack of dawn / Mowing down MC's like I'm mowing a lawn" #ripmca”
Jon Ippolito: films like Toy Story aren't sequences, but digital bits; to make a copy, re-export; convert to 3D, re-render
Jones Falls Trail is my beloved "pastoral" commute to AIABaltimore chapter house. Thankful for BMore "hidden gem" esp.during I-83 work.
saw goon recently, really funny, but would be 10x funnier in library setting
Howw does it go from straight 80s to 50 s and 60s?
I begged and begged for a relationship now that i have it i dont want it anymore its too much arguing and stress for me
got a paper and study guide to finish! so much to do so little time.
I adore cupcakes!
#utdgsa meeting at 12noon today in the graduate lounge AND here on Twitter! We recommend using Tweetchat, hashtag
Josh Hamilton is a baseball player
couldn't sleep last night. my sinuses kept making weird clicking noises and then john's phone started chirping. ah, joys of being sick.
Oh dear, a mug is NOT just a mug. Come have coffee with us in the library sometime and you can pick one of our favorites...
just won an Epson Stylus 4880 at this convention.
'Bout to power walk to the gament district Downtown with my super arms weights on! Yee haw! Let the sweatin' and bargainin' begin.
you #mm and #ff us just so we can tell you just how much we love you, don't you? :)
Looking at throwback pictures on my laptop <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
thanks, my 1st in the dis curriculum, part of a mini-proj w/dimrc
CMON #Panthers!! Really?? All the help we need at DT and CB u pick a LB?
I will give the best entry a free bottle of OPC-3 as a reward and incentive. Visit www.laskohealthsolutions.com for more details!
Friday night I'm at El Farol & Sunday it's the Sunday Jam at Evangelo's. I may even break out some new songs I just wrote!
"eliminate something else" love that guy. happy anniversary babe.
seems more realistic, no?
Priming our web caches for the annual Rock The Garden traffic onslaught. Ticket sales out of my hands this year, thankfully.
1/11/11,7pm PKI rm 279 = binary clock, jacob's ladder, audio-drawer interface & newly created andriod apps & whatever you want to bring! OMG
Justin Morneau, will he ever truly be back to his pre-concussion self?
are you allowed to wear those colors???
#AncientAliens marathon. YES!
don't be fooled. He fought off that coat hanger like a pit bull.
Blessed with another day of life.
Long Live Random.
You have to admit, it's still quite funny! :) I won't tell anyone you like that secret word.
awe congrats! :) I'm happy for u
Continuing the A-Z, one letter today: R. Start with S on Monday. #supportlocalmusic - Follow us on Twitter
“: curious about ? call the hotline and chat with one of the students now! (877) 817-4190” I just met !
I love where I've been in my career and where I am going. I love the surprises along the way. I am enjoying the journey and its magic.
Making deliveries to the hospital.
Ah! Bonnie Raitt performed "Right Down the Line" on The Colbert Report recently. Wonderful! Must buy Slipstream!
Going to start tweeting more music and band related stuff. I wanna keep everyone informed!
Have fun in NY! Post pics!!
lmao.. he was chi bear before me, but there is only one MONSTER in this piece lol
. Vote for jobs, schools, and small businesses—vote for the American Jobs Act.
On an Ems run. Just a transfer from our hospital to a larger hospital in erie :)
Lifetimes/in thoughts/mind is clean/no birth or death/windowless soul
"What kind of coward was I to marry her and not wait for you to show up?" So many men singing that sad song. Woo woo, POTUS.
Our Great President will always lead... From the side lines to stay out of the way of those that actually know what they are doing...
wanna....what?
Just so you know Cindy and George are NOT on twitter. Plz RT.
can't sleep.
RT : Watch the premiere of #TheConversation Tonight on /10c to hear intimate interviews with......
Wtf your home depot doesn't have a hot dog vendor all year around? #ShitChicagoansSay what a let down MA
Blogging/tweeting/eating break over. Back to the #readathon and CHU JU'S HOUSE.
Peeps partnership today !
that's that makes Portland special, seeing Mike b bearhug Kaleb after asking him a post game question...grats
People need a way to plug into good things.
OMG I love AMC Im going to come right out & say it! I sit & watch Star Trek Nemesis as a Stripes preview airs...Happiness is the AMC lineup!
lol I like the song...the VIDEO..AHH!!
It's all about the angle of the dangle.
you have my whole heart as well. Forever and ever. <3
#TideFlag for the prize! T Red white & blue = freedom! The choice to be able to do what your heart desires!
Nice article. I even have some college friends who are now in the work force switching trains of thought as well.
didn't Madonna say that? lol
#RealTalk RT “: What's the point of stressing stuff? It doesn't change anything.”
hey girl. Hope all is well. Let's chat soon about promotion of your jewelry!!
Hugs to you too! Goodnight!
Did you know it is National Grapefruit Month? Are these citrus fruits part of your diet?
Ebadi: our enemy is not males our enemy is the patriarchal culture
I would like you to realize my full support <3
that shot croooy
Big news for Baltimore--more soon!
Five dead in Oklahoma tornado as wild weather batters US heartland
isn't a computer more likely to know greek than a person? (unless it's a greek person.)
no rest for the weary:))
About to eat this chicken my honey bun cook #dopeness :)
“ Smokin on purp ease my mind”
Waiting in a super long line at Ted and Wally's for some ice cream with :)
think you are early buying financials that I just heard on CNBC. We are in the season of the bear.
Love bring sex! Sex doesn't bring love!
Exercise of the day: Ball Bottoms-Up - The Ball Bottoms-Up is your answer to develop a tight and toned bottom with the help of your...
Rich Hill!
Cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile
Actually looking forward to getting myself back into the routine of working out when I get home.
Brewers magic number: 2.
lol that's true. He pulled off the highway and left me at Jim's!! Ask him
Hairston had to leave his game with a hamstring injury today
On the show today Bobby and ozzy Plus name the song under the 405 sound of the day and win $300 dr.Bizer vision world gift certificate
": Devin the Dude >>>"ok he the shit
Never accepts compliments, but believes every insult.
When does the game re-air? :)
you kinda just made my day lol
Strollers, Slings or Both: Transporting Babies at Disney Theme Parks
My only agenda in a meeting is to see how soon we can end the meeting.
Wait, what? The Spurs are on? Nobody cares...
I love it when Amazon tells me that there is a newer version of the product or that I already purchased it. Awesome!
colored my hair back to it's natural color today, I missed it(:
If you haven't checked out our new $7.95 Lunch Fare menu, you should! Great food for a great price.
It hump day!!
yup. Went to see the chiropractor to see if she can fix my hip.
'Human cannonball' killed in Kent stunt show
Good one. Hope the Russian-learner saved you some muffins this morning.
Wishes #undercoverboss would come to my job!
totally seems like to type who sent I still love you texts to Kim when she was wifed up. me and him have a lot in common lol
All dolled up and ready for girl's night out with , , &
forget the cropping....post more regular pics like this
Love Coldplay and Rihanna.
Life is a trip sometimes but if your honest with wat you want it will save you from falling on our ass.
This new jacket rule is absolutely
thank you very much for the follow
Oh, Glenda. I am so very sorry for your loss. Please accept my condolences.
Who's in town that wants to hang? I'm bored!
Bored still in the bed!!!! Somebody give me something fun to do
Atlantic city tonight!!!!
Roger Goodell "strongly considering" speeding penalties.
probably never
#DailyRebellion: Just because you've always done it that way doesn't mean that's the only way to do it.
It's the first day of the tournament and I already hate this "hopper" thing
Darling, dont lie to me<3
CanNOT believe I've not tweeted this week--great week in Bali. Adventures galore: surfed in Indian Ocean, monkey peed on me, ate pig heart.
All great names! They were actually seriously considering Lafawnda, Rhoda and Helen. You know how Karla gets...
ahh memorial day weekend.
Already started next year's library budget...wow....
Listen to your competition!
Auditioned and booked the job! Yay!
RT : Q2: Online has to be used in order to accommodate tourists. Locals may not use it, but the tourists will.
In case there is a sand bag attached
Be praying for the situation in Japan
Not to make jealous, but dinner at was delicious. :)
I get home and my bf goes to work :(
Need Hot Beats? Zoe Beats Is Your Mans! $20 Leases Purchase Your Tracks Today! SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat
You don't rap do you??
we'll be up to our balls in crusty jugglers.
Legs are on fire
I haven't sext in forev
i love my big black clock. ;)
just fell down the stairs
You're very welcome!
Anyone feel like getting our HC logo tattooed on them? Could be something in it for you
You don't have to be rich to be fashionable and just because you're rich doesn't mean you're fashionable.
As their new Foursquare mayor I'll put that on the agenda.
#icc2012:LARC/ROTC workshop Q: How do you quantify 'culture' in program development/assessment? Def. of inter/cross cultural dialogue=?
The revolution in deved has begun. Learn more at my session w/ at 11am in grand ballrm I
A great writing day! Hit my midpoint and got to write a sequence I've been thinking about for about a year now. Turned out really well.
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.
glad to. Not a romance fan myself, but the panel was interesting, and useful to librarians.
Bored in skool
Floors To Go for all your flooring needs. Carpet - Hardwood - Tile - Laminate and more. 817-909-6832
Mfs pressing my shit, I fucking hate liars, that's the worse thing you can do.
all i hear is bow
I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty
When life gives you lemons just say fuck the lemons and bail
- Congrats! Proud of Kristi, she's 7 1/2 mo pregers, and still hitting the gym with me in the am!
Picking at someones flaws makes you the coolest person in the world. Jk. It makes you the lowest kind of person in the world. Go die.
2-step for when your scientologist tax-man thinks you're sick: 1 - dont get sukked in; 2 - shave as soon as you can.
Just saw a cop chase!
Me: Wanna know a good birthday present?(: Mom: What. :/ Me: Austin Mahone tickets!!!!(: <3 Mom: No. She'll change her mind.(;
Getting sick - Js My Luck >=O !
You'll love following Gonzalez! He's a great reporter. We call him Johnny G!
Yeah. No doubt. Drinking an Immortal now, firkin of Huberus IPA on deck
Are those balloons? would love it!
"Ann Romney: 'I Love' That Some Women Have To Work And Raise Kids" #huffpost And I -really- love that it's not me!!
is damning the rain!! Was going to go golfing today on my day off. Now I have to stay home and do laundry and dishes maybe vacuum. ^SB
SEE U SUNDAY NIGHT
loved Ruth Clarke's certificate program, learned a lot and can't wait to get back and create some scenario-based e-learning courses
so y u say goodnighht and ur name??? im lost
's for lunch today!
Holy crap...have you seen all our new stone plugs? Check out the photos in our album. Look at all those colors!!
That's a cool idea! I need to find someone who's been gone or in a coma. #hospitaltrip!
We don't want to say "it's going to be one of those nights" again because we said that last weekend, but.......
i hope one day we start revoking licenses and require retesting for those 65 an older.
Long day ahead of me!
Who are these people??
Even though I've been n the hospital, bad things have happened, been talked about, and lied to.....I still thank God I'm alive!
They say your penis is related to your shoe size. Well that makes the fear of getting raped by a clown much scarier.
im not changin my profile pic until we get that coward GEORGE ZIMMERMAN incarcerated where "he will receive some real justice"
It's only Tuesday...
Cable company wants to sell me 20Mbps Internet. That's more than my entire university, UEA, had when I studied there a decade ago.
Well she's my God LOL But seriously tho I can see why they should Pay Demi a little more. But she got
I always have time for you love even if I have to make it.
Thanks, Gabe! That's awesome to hear.
Busy in the lab today on the silkscreen press.
Ugh now I feel sick.
WHAT? Haha was he mad bout it? “: ..Asked him if he was related to u & he just sighed, guess he gets it a lot! lol”
because im amazayn(;
As my girl Wanda Sykes said: Be a little conservative w/your ____. And u won't have these kinds of problems.
BIG NEWS COMING FOR DIVERSITY PLATINUM MEMBERS>>> STAY TUNED!!!
The Disability Forum: Causes of Behavior – Internal Events | The ...
decent hotel by the airport? we have an early flight out of FAR next month & don't want to drive 80 miles in the morning
great lunch today brother. Thx for kicking it!
yo you just went HAM on the Simmons
Oh no! Not yet! I'm not ready for them! ;-)
sounds good to me
I cannot wait for this weekend. I have SAT but i also get to see Lorax
What are gas prices around your neck of the woods? Rumor around town is that gas prices are going up!
On a sex-ed note: I gave a friend some HIV education. Taught them how to reduce their risk and maintain their sexual health.
Yeah its a tough one. I remember buying Pauls Boutique on cassette like it was yesterday.
Now I know what Chewbacca probably looked like as a pup.
Dude look like reggie bush
: People never change. They just become more of who they really are.
is truly an amazing artist... I have so much respect for him
Oh, and im comin back school today!
Sad to be leaving #thatcamppenn early. Looking forward to following the rest of this via tweet!
To the #Knicks celebration-haters: Yeah, was a bit much, but how would YOU react to your 1st playoff win in a generation?
“: That awkward moment when Kim Kardashian realizes Kanye West doesn't play in the NFL or NBA. #mediawhores” ha! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Twitter people> people that go to my school.
True! A terminal is a terminal. :). (and I meant avr-gcc in the last tweet, not fucking FCC, haha)
#FF Reader, writer, thinker, lecturer. And #GoatCurseWinner :)
I never get to see y'all on tinychat! :(
On the way to New Bedford to see a whaling museum.
Because I'm awesome son!!
Can't keep living with a feeling that I'm giving up everything for you
awesome, thanks!
Celebrate #EarthDay early with a Green Team Tour. Saturday at either 12:30 or 2:30 p.m. take a 30 minute tour of the Nature Museum facility!
thanks a bunch! :)
. Or maybe it wasn't a black guy but was that "Tan Mom" on a dark day! Orange u glad I didn't say Octo Mom : )
i hate taking pills.
It is and will be a fun season. =)
Maturity is the slow acceptance of all the things you will never be.
I'm embarrassed of myself. I look so Asian.
Relieved to hear it.
STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS STEELERS :)
u never seen a real gun tef RT : I can shoot a gun tho RT tef cant even do a roundhouse... shit gone look like a sweep
Got it in at the gym today. Lost 8 lbs. Gotta get a move on. Have to lose 20 by the end of June. 12 more lbs to go!!
Just posted new song "For Sale". I wanted to capture the intensity and sexiness that is jingle writing. I'm pretty sure I did both.
post what?
did you check it out? Let us know what you think.
Thanks diva! Miss ya! #werk #business #marketing #publicity RT : go getta lady!!
We open in 26 DC area hotels on June 1st. Contact us to find out how you can advertise to 900k+ guests/yr or contact us to become a venue.
#thoughtsduringschool I Cant Wait Till I Graduate
Thanks so much for the play-by-play. Really hated missing this session.
RT : I feel like the rest of the country forgets about Maine. North Dakota knows what I'm talking about.
not to spicy for you?
The paddle spanks both ways...._con_
You know news has changed as we knew it when someone draws their last breath & you're reading @ the death on twitter. RIP E. Edwards ~
Sad my apartment viewing coincides with "Gertrude Stein's The Making of Americans" at the SFMOMA today.
Not feeling to great .
Fatso's will be closed on Thanksgiving but will have normal hours Wednesday Nov 24 and Friday Nov 26.
This is cool program. Interesting article.
Putting brand new sheets on my bed!
chortling over the #minecraft/robot mayhem coming out of #THATCampVA; i shld be in the junior campers group next time
Cleavage may open doors for you but if you don't perform the job, or have the necessary skills then cleavage doesn't matter.
Lesson for me today: don't retweet so fast. Komen news may not be what it seemed: t.co/GKJMJ0My
Just 2 days left till our 1st event of the year. We hope to see you at #merrickpark this Weds with ,
Writing about life at a standstill.
Tomorrow is Thai Festival, Science Festival and Kids Mix ... what to do? LDCM will see you at all three!
Woo, at my table for #NASATweetup... I'm such a noob
Team Lindsay
RT : I WILL FOLLOW now on Netflix, KINYARWANDA @ EbertFest this wk, MIDDLE OF NOWHERE selected LA FF gala, RESTLESS CITY opens 4/27.
IS YOUR BMI A ‘BALONEY MASS INDEX? Has your BMI classified you as obese when you’re a few pounds overweight? Or is it not including enough …
hmm. It must be a different package causing this issue then.
jeez your are so right. It's fun and a clever way to divert attention from day to day shit, but some peeps need a life
. Pplez REGRET iin Life EveryDay Nah of Wht Dey Did cuss it Affected Dhat Person !
If all single women decided to abstain until marriage, what would men do? Hm. There would be a huge shift in the universe.
The wheels are strapped ready 2 roll west side!!!
Congrats Lady on your 5th straight Final Four.
wow...who knew that there were so many different types of juicers out there...! Anyone have a juicer they love?
Fantastic interview on NPR today. As an actress climbing the indie film ladder, thanks for the inspiration and candid insights.
Haha, aww. <3 I'm starting to go back on it more.
Is that right after the tender love scene between R2D2 and Lando deep within a Sarlacc?
haha that's a pretty good tip!
Thanks Steve!
shut up
ima take care of all of that i just need the money
So excited to meet Dinosaur Bar-B-Que and tell them I think their wings are the best in the city! I'm drooling....
Your taste buds will have the chance to experience amazing brews on 5/20 at #NorthPark Festival of Arts' Craft Beer Block!...
Stand up 4 women's health issues.Svcs provided by orgs like Planned Parenthood R essential 4 many -mamograms, pap smears, etc!
AMAZING RACE: I see Rach's red hair.
tell summer I said hi
They're "utterly" frustrated about cows in Crozet. More on how the bovines are bombarding the community. Details on 19News Nightcast at 11.
Saw more than a couple shirts at Ring of Honor last night. Kind of cool to see people wearing their stuff.
heard a professor say it in college, and had quite a laugh - didn't learn about the different spelling until later.
Representatives... please shut down and his SOPA and PIPA... These democrats are looney.
so sorry!! I'm pimple free!!!
amen -- thinking we all need about a week of recovery time.
Happy to see is joining us for MiniMeet!
Watching Road House for like 30 minutes, waiting for Dalt to punch someone in the face. WTF. When was Judge Reinhold in this movie?
alright we need to stop tweeting I don't want Brian to yell at me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
:) RT : Shout out to my favs at : miss you guys have a great weekend.
I thought he was hitting the spider with his gun
Dolly Madison was hot....
looking forward to quasi-real food tonight! meatloaf, mashed potatoes, peas, rolls. yes, I still have to eat soft food
go to bed! I remember when we would be in the office working this tine of the morning... Good ole days! :-)
wish I could be there! I have a baby sprinkling to attend though.
Desperately Seeking Evangelical Christians
Happy Birthday yesterday to & Happy Birthday today to <U+E418><U+E328><U+E30E><U+E041><U+E13B><U+E112><U+E312><U+E313> Two of my favorite people.
I saved almost $50 on my rental, and we’re talking after-tax free money that only took me a few minutes to save!
talk to me baby, tell me what your feeling
Thanks David Kilroy for getting us a step closer to the goal!
Thanks for the RT! Have a great evening!
I'm on the grind to 400
great meeting you at mla! am so interested in your work, both on experimental lit and dh theory.
hahaha dude I was seriously talking about that. I asked people if they remembered it
Just ate 1.5 high-potency weed macaroons. Let's get silly.
Contemplating the charged language used by females wanting Chris Brown to "beat" them/Supporting domestic violence or misunderstood context?
I'm the designated driver so it's mini bottles in the restroom for me
Tonight's show features Jay Z presenting The Body Magic
#3WordsOfAdvice trust very few...
Huntsman: Government can signal to marketplace that things will get better
:) thx alot m8 and I thought u had to receive an email inviting u lol thxs again :)
Light earthquake I think. Anyone else just feel that?
RT RT : ZZ Top covered 25 lighters song. never been done in Hip hop.
drank in my cup <3 great song
There's a new cosmo out and its taunting me..its like it knows I have a ton of work to do.
Excited about the new book I am working on. Haven't been social mediaing much. Would appreciate your prayers. Now back to the keyboard!
At my aunts beach house in Rosemary... sounds fun right? No.
slim chance, but a stray snow shower can't be ruled out. Nothing like we saw earlier this afternoon. Hope you got your snow fix
Just saw Wicked in New York. It's amazing!!!
was it how's ur mothers day going and did u save my #?
Thanks for following! Please try us out & tell us what you think =)
This is a car crash
#BackStageRush its now :)
beach day with my little bro and aunt jackie
Dinner time and the game I was streaming on Apple TV at the office is here with me on my iPad as I enjoy my meal. I love the future!
In another life I would make you stay, so I couldn't say you were the one that got away
I highly support the examination and any possible development of Ecstasy
picked out a cute dress to wear tomorrow, gotta look hot...maybe you will notice me :P
Woot! Rock and roll always is, ain't it? Xxxooo
sitting alone in the atrium. fetch.
a sparkly blue sweater, bright red bell bottoms, and black stilettos. #ftw you?
Each year there is a player in the B1G on another team that I dont dislike as much as the rest. This year I think that guy is Draymond Green
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> in other words kill yoself what's good ten a key
how is the rehab going?
"swag swag swag on you, chillen' in the sand Niall's surfin' with Lou" made my day. (:
This too shall past....but it will not stop my praise!
Sorry forgot this was the championship game in NCAA hoops the way their treating this at MSG #itsnovemberright??
I AM SO GREAT AT PROCRASTINATING.
A century ago, there was a "Tamale King" in SF. Learn more about your Mexican food in Taco USA. Book reading at Brava Theater. April 13. 7pm
I have a brand new android app that will now allow me to stay more up to date with this facebook now. So kick ass ZOMBIES!!!!!
i swear my friends and i have the weirdest conversations ever.. we had a conversation on The Hunger Games then on ABC family shows.. aha <3
might be a red flag when someone lists something on Craigslist as "cheep." maybe.
Guys are all just a soul patch away from leading a completely different existence. For ladies it's a tattoo on one of your titties.
Few friendships would survive if each one knew what his friend says of him behind his back." - Blaise Pascal
we might be playing either April 6 or April 30th. 30th will be with bowling for soup!
Bangin week ahead....
I'm not an anon but I'll #FF you :D
smoking on that reefer got me higher than the tree top..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
& it feels so bad, but it feels so god. <3
Picking out new paint and thinking feng shui.
"I'm not doing this shyt for nothing. I pay the car note, light bill, house note...."
Just want to say hi to my fave radio person. Peace from one sexy night owl to another! Keep up the great work!
I got the rudder
As I go through my TL I see the people who are going to be successful in life.
I like your new blog.
Check out the new Cow spotters album from XLVI week!
Going to see Hunger Games later. (:
#Irene's coming! -.-
game is on! Come & watch the game! Dinner special starts at 5 but our drink prices r always happy. $3dom/$4import
well said. good luck this season.
Thousands protest the extreme women hating Right wing
#Random Travie McCoy's album was really good… I don't know why I decided to turn it on
awesome i'm very happy #excited :D
If I'm you, I'm rooting for Phoenix all the way in the other series.
Oh snap!!! Are we gonna' get this or what?!? C'mon ! Is there a Shark Attack in out future?
Unfortunately tonight we didn't have any female comedians. But we had some yesterday and we will have a couple tomorrow.Sorry
hey man how are you doing? its been awhile
Count down to the Relato conference in Valencia– getting ready to leave for Spain tomorrow! I'll be tweeting from Valencia all week.
how do politicians/government officials lie/hide truths as much as they do and still sleep at night? Maybe I should buy some ambien stock
my fingure is red from dipping it in koolaid and sugar
THE EDGE OF GLORY!
DNT MAKE ME REPEAT MYSELF
Wow, really? I love it!
I am making a clean break/running alongside black stallions/self-entitlement/earthly powers/in my wake/next stop/eternity/freedom/realized.
Pretty sure you've been allowed to since draft day. Now you can be downright giggly.
- I believe the most widely accepted nomenclature is "cat-cupuncture"...
sorry about the long wait!
last night musta been pretty calm eh ? u didn't do much damage to the orange whip cream i see
Lodging. A leaky or infested outpost is preventable, but there is no guarantee on fishing.
Westlaw folks are excited about new product! I will tell you more as it is shown to a small group of bloggers and writers.
Hungry., but I dont have an appetite.
Whne people say "Freshman>>>Sophomores", what happens when we become Sophomores?
The archives sent us their CDX files, but majority aren't available online, just in library reading room :(
Need a weed wacker to complete your weekend yard work? You are in luck! We have some in the warehouse, get them next week on DealShow!
this should be your look everyday
": The SPURS are a team you do NOT want to mess with!!! #GoSpursGo"
Auditioned at Passport 2 Discovery in VA today...not sure how I feel about paying ~$2K for to enter a cruise competition if selected!
i can always feel those butterflies in my stomach right before i know im going to see him <3
Heard you on 710. Very informative.
Enjoying your tweets. Big Bruce fan in Raleigh NC. Last at Rock Hall earlier this summer. Bruce exhibit amazing. Writing table A++!
so what u been up too?
I knew that. They've been digging those out for a while.
Taurus Full Moon Madness @ 12:17pm opp. Scorpio Sun-Financial matters imminent Best to slowly consider options vs. taking any drastic action
Thanks for sharing!
your welcome(: and good
just a merriment of these pills that do wonders for ailing back muscle
what show choir were you in?!
Nice seeing you too man! Thanks for the kind words last night and don't worry, I will!
“: I feel it u won any meets” not really
Goodnite you! Say hi tomorrow if your around! Sleep tite:)
According to the letter I got, it amounts to a 30% rate increase for me. I will be cancelling entirely. /cc
“: Ice cream never asks silly questions. Ice cream understands. #GirlFacts”
Hell's Kitchen: Life of the Irish tour planned for March 12! Celebrate St. Patty's Day w/ a little history before the parade!
Thanks so much for the RT and the mention!
Follow Me ?
Celine Hung: migrants resort to mestizoness to rectify alienness of ethnic Chinese. Mestizoness as heart of Filipino nationhood
Try to get interviews with some of the real "believers," they're very interesting...or crazy. haha
Thanks for the RT!
I am recovering nicely from being Pepper-Sprayed at Walmart. I would have let her skip in line if she had just asked.
One week to shoot. Great rehearsal yesterday. Lots to do on the set. Thank God for Sophia's help on the set!
I hate it when I get hacked. Sorry to those who got spoofed. I hope I have fixed this.
Yeah, I'm not sure I like the new page - hard to say if that's just because it's a change, though!
Would not be at TCU if I hadn't lol
When you think it's cute that someone is flirting with you only to find out they're flirting with someone else at the same time. BYE
traditional #astrology it would be interesting to iterate same associations for the benefics to see what their dual house associations are
When we r in the creative zone we can do amazing things
I could obliterate a chorizo and egg taco right about now.
*BANDS* need shows?
there was a tornado warning -.-
Right, so much pork, nothing really gets accomplished...
any of the incoming players plan into our future or are they just trade filler/contracts?
Happy Easter World
Finally found something my preg belly could stomach, however I still want s.p. fries from #burgerville , you've ruined me!
Took a Schick Hydro to my face and head; good-bye 2011, clean slate 2012.
“: I just want back in your head #TeganAndSara” love that song!
needs to start looking at connecting w/ foreign governments for student sponsorship. Embassies in DC, get ready for a visit!
Follow Friday! Some projects I'm working on
are you at b&n this summer? big plans? Perform on the road, maybe? Job as "Philosopher King?"
i won't tell anyone you got herpes
#LoveThatMoment when you go to bed without needing to set the alarm for the next morning
Hey, we still need to get together. Maybe you can give me social media tips? Trying to hype up the book. You around this wkd?
Here we go
I used to just sit in waiting rooms and stare at the wall...
Just done watching Runnin' man ep 50. and then went bk on twitter, and 183 tweets. jfksjdklsjf O:<
Is Hyde Park on your app?
NO NO NO ..lmao
Unfortunately, I think a childless adult male handing out stickers at kids' events might come across as creepy.
Re Arranging this song i produced.. #productive in
I like jane austen so much I even like the kiera knightley pride and prejudice
Sometimes you get called nicole in an email, even when your name is in the address...
Half naked in march and loving it. Happy Sunday! Wear sunscreen.
The Avengers in 3D!
concerts > life
He Growing Up Too Fast ;(
And I found you and followed back! Interesting app.
Do you want anything from Coffee Tree? I'm going to get dressed and walk up.
how am i going to get any work done today? i can't stop looking at the #biggestweek stream.
...The 4s will be mine.
You have to combine all four elements (air, earth, fire and water). Mud and Blazing worked for me both times. :)
Just got spammed by text message.
Like. Have a fun week at the big dance. RT : And I am done with work! Let the best vacation ever begin.
Starting a band that ONLY plays "Freebird"// Add Sweet Home Alabama and I'll dance all night long!
And by D-Day I mean Dad's day. Not 6/6 - tho thats coming up too, so what the heck - order him a MagneticPix for 6/6 too! Stick a flag on it
What's going on in commercial world y'all busy or slow?
I like my girl with ambition!!!!
My job is my only hobby :(
its some girls that cant stand us, but its because when we met we fucked and everytime you called i dont ansa, in my kirko voice.
Just to be clear.. We did not break-up on twitter.. We talked about it, then let or followers know.. Then we joked with each other (coping).
If I were in Miami, I'd start the "We want a Battier, not a broken laddier..." chant. Go #Cavs!
Everything with the EP is planned to be finished in mid March
celebrity sex tape is on the Netflix chart!
#AlliWant is for you to text me!
Yeah, that one looks good! Adding to my to-read list
can u work in the u.s.a?
I know we're about to sin but your body is a blessing.
Laugh at the tragic crisis and build a much better story.
Sinuses should be clear when you exercise to regulate air temp. You may need to take a nasal allergy medication.
Some guy was playing COUNTER-TOP the other day. In EDH. I took great pleasure in murdering him with Birthing Pod guys
Sending a big hug and holiday cheer to my friend Note to self: Don't email or DM Paul the 2nd week of each month.
ewwwwww ritas has a new flavor of italian ice thats peanut butter!!
Why do bitches think that they should not get knocked the fuck out if they put there self in a mans position
It's officially summer in Omaha. This 90s crazy.
Welcome to twitter. About time!
I guess if she leaves I'm still in one of the most beautiful places there is ...it'll break my heart to pieces but
At the rec center
Is Randall Cobb, who probably won't play much this year, worth a first round pick in rookie drafts?
Headed to Tokyo to hit at the Cotton Club 2morrow w/ & Looking forward 2 it
I am "a bit of a prat" so think Rimmer from Red Dwarf... I can live with that. :)
Just heard the news on WWHL! Congrats! Wishing you all the best!
Hate when it's big trash pickup day and I have no big trash. Such a missed opportunity :(
Im wondering: What it takes 2 make a #Leader ? or are #WE born like this?!
I don't really have a type, but #countryguys are where it's at. ;)
We would love to tour the UK! Sometime soon hopefully!
did I hear something about a comic strip in the works for you ??
Who knows, maybe we'll even work together on a project at some point in the future :)
lol you cute
dessert is good, but not when stacked up against your duck fat fries & lamb burgers. #justsayin cc
So, I pretty much adore and his mom. Check him out if you have a chance!!
It's Friday!!
do you have outdoor seating yet? Hoping to bring my dog to the happy hour.
we had a wonderful time at the fall gala & loved the great arts scene in Kansas City - esp the Petah Coyne installation!
Thanks, Claudia! Good luck on your cool project!!
I got some shit to do lol
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime <3
Already making plans for drinks in a month. haha
So what's the scoop on the wooly pig shoulder dinner :-) Got pic?
Nothing finer!
Have a party of 10 or more? can accommodate just about any party size! Call us to book your reservation 512.320.8883
New year, same goal.
Special S/O to & for making an appearance at on Friday!
Check it out! facebook.com/artistehebrew
"The Something Opens."
Action is truth. Words R no more than projected wishes without action.
Right, and heck, I'd even rather use that than the library/Overdrive, because it'll be easy to use!
I'm ready to go back there myself. Have fun!
I may be bad but I'm perfectly good at it!!!!
good luck!
Learn to set limits and strategically work fitness and health into my workday. Keeps me energized and focused.
Working on tethering my Verizon Blackberry Curve to my MacBook Pro. Anyone done this?
Retweeting everyone of tweets because I know exactly how she's feeling right now too. We'll get through it girlie.
Happy Mommys Day to my Mommy! Words can't explain how much I love this ol lady.
Back from vacation. My week off was too short ...
"It teaches us that 'nothing which we have once psychically possessed is ever entirely lost." (2/2) Freud quoting Scholz
Ob-La-Di Ob-La-Da: John, Ringo and George disliked this song and all three of them vetoed Paul's wish that this be released as a single.
Friday is what's happening.
Other then sneezing ooc.. Just Fabulous! hope you are as well!!
Still waiting, but what did you guys get?
RT : How to feed one's family in modern times? and I Fremont Sun for 3 course demo and find out!
I have a paper due, a midterm, a press release to write & a meeting with a client the day after St. Pattys.
You're in my hood- hope it's treating you well- can't wait to see what you're filming
Woke up and had like 30 pokes on FB this morning....(sigh) oh beautiful women lol
Getting my hair did
RT : The power of social media is truly amazing
Wont happen that way 2 ,50 yard average rushers,We need better.
VIP sold out in less then a minutes in every show.. You might be able to get some on ebay. I wasnt able to get VIP. But ...
Drove by a trailer park called Journey's End. You can't make this stuff up.
hahaha RT “: If you walk in your heels like you're a new born baby giraffe #YouAintDoinItRight”
Gay Marriage: Pretty ambitious for a guy who doesn't extend even Domestic Partnership benefits to employees of the fed govt.
F.I.S.H. = Fuck It Shit Happens ;) forget YOLO
YES they did.
I'm the person Iam for a reason ...raised in the hard knocks..gone die a real man ..
lol. The story was horrible the action was ard.
Finally read that tweet. I have a few deal breakers on that list. #2 is not one of them.
I not giving up on delena
I often call people "L-sevens". In a silly kind of way, of course and only in the context that "It takes one to know one." :D
Advertisements contain the only truths to be relied on in a newspaper.
it was the worst experience if my young life. I looked like David Bowie.
RT : Traits that will help us become great: Humility, discipline, teamwork.
It could be really, really bad. On the other hand, there is probably 1/100 chance that it could be good, too.
Reading about Thrace and Marmara in my Turkey tour book. I must go there!
"There's something about a trainwreck I can't just turn away from watching." - on why he's watching Jersey Shore
I know its disgusting!
not for me!
Thanks. It was fun looking back at it.
if u want me to be your managr hmu 9104947955
"The Road of a Superstar That Not Famous"
BEAUTY TIP: Dry shampoo can make your style work an extra day, check them out!
Was about to write an alias to find and open #LaTeX package documentation by name, but apparently it's already there: texdoc
Dinner for Gavin's grandma's birthday in
Ok...phone bout to go dead,that's just technology and its limitations,...I have none, RECOGNIZE(RE COG NIZE)
Happy Easter!
That's the response I'm getting from everyone. I haven't heard one positive thing about it.
Monday April 9 *racks n red bottoms* bday bash. Dont miss out. U think u tired of hearing about. O boi wait til April 10 lol
Showing to the press our social media listening command center
there's the wet n wild casting call in Kapoi , Hawaii listed! Lol!
People would b shaking like crazy if they were in the position i was in, idc anymore they wanna slam me on the ground and cuff me.. smh cops
wow - we're getting ready for a wonderful performance tonight - come by - free - DIW & NSO - 5:30pm 3400 14th St, NW
I can't believe Tony Sopranos wife just killed little Billy whatshisname from Greenday
woah there. no need for hate.
CRASH: I-84 EB- west of 53rd- right lane blocked
So proud of you!
Friday ! $2 Any Beer! $4 Any mixed drink or shot all Nite!
YOUR DATING AUSTIN!!!
Delta Launches New York LaGuardia fare sale with tickets as low as $49 to celebrate airline's New York expansion.
Alex, don't know what happened to FNM turnout last Friday. Maybe because it was 4/20??
craving so many things but if i have them ill probably be sick
Something ain't right but if I ask I'd probably get yelled at.
Being in the car w driving <<<<<<
I like your new pic!
its a great idea to go NUDE thru the cemetery tonight screaming "Get away you Horny Ghost!!" tehehe yea u wanna do dat wit me?
TODAY&FRI ONLY 50%OFF YOUR ENTIRE HAIR SERVICE W/KELLY,BRITTANY OR MICHAEL JR. CALL ASAP TO BOOK AN APPT 256-3490 50% OFF!!!!! 2 DAYS ONLY!!
The Army put me in another leadership role. I am now Squad Leader for 5th Squad.
I got everything on deck excep that darn candle. #igottagetone asap!
“: "Tread lightly." That line is still terrible. #Bachelor” That was a big sign.
": Call in with ur questions - 888-News12-NJ" "Live right now!
Off to ! Will we see you there?
Ilya won't win ya a cup.
": I'm Not Calling You.... Having Trust Issues With Marvin In His Room"
hell yea! At the Junction on the 21st!! Ya'll better be there!!!!
Will have to draw up some cat-diaper designs made of bed sheets and laundry, the materials most popular in the feline urination scene.
Mtg with intellectual property attorneys this morning. I have a 1/2 hour - asking trademarking and disclaimers - any other suggestions?
way to tell us you got the job. Congrats! I'm buying you a drink this week
haha mine too. Sound bleeding through the walls.
I know haha just don't send me hearts at all! Hahah
Time to grind some minds! RT : Ditto!
Jim Poole from from the 47th Ward team will be at the CAPS meeting tonight and tomorrow.
lmfao I hope so :) & nahh see now you are asking for too much -__- lmfao
so so true
tn? As in Tennessee?
Cole Adkins must of an IQ of 900! He's our strategic accountant!!!
me: I got a boyfriend. Mom: what's his name?! me: austin. mom: omg I can't wait to meet him!!! me: me either
Thank you so much for tonight's Q&A, Bonnie, it was awesome and I'd love to see you again!
Love it!
Hey guys, I just wanted to tell u guys to tell ur friends on facebook to FOLLOW ME!!!!!!
"Don't half-ass anything! Whatever you do, use your full ass."
I say that these girls like me only when I click the button BELOW twitter them now they do not talk to me :(
i was satisfies as long as i could hear the music. i wasnt complaining
I accepted the job that was offered to me on Friday. It was an offer i couldn't refuse. In two weeks i start a new job. I can hardly waite.
Baking & cooking frenzy! Great stress relief.
fucking hate trying my eyebrows done and I've been putting it off for so long but I gotta do them now before Europe -.-
Hey Keith, we're coming to Milwaukee this summer on our Tour! Any recs of venues to play at or bands to play with? :)
gorgeous lighting! thank you
won't be so darn lonely....
Very cool avatar!
Chillin in the park eating a hamburger with leslie <3
Go bucks
sure does seem like it would work. Probably a great strategy for your business.
no doubt
not yet. Probably won't be doing them for a while.
Totally. With a "K" even! ;)
They probably do have an Asian Barbie.
That was super fun!
That song which reminds you of the very first encounter with the love of your life
enjoy! What are you getting at ?
100 m'f can't tell me nothing
I try not to be a food snob, or impose certain eating on folks, but geez louise...enough is enough.
yo, i need some followers.
Just left the mall
Are you a displaced Texan in Florida like me?
ARE YOU A BIG RAYS FAN. YOU MUST ALSO LIVE NEAR TAMPA. RIGHT
Definitely, I'd love to spread my Recollectionitis *cough* I mean, Viewshareitis! I'll be in touch soon.
#PlansForTheSummer is to fuck like crazy
is it a phone or is it a tablet? I think it has an identity crisis.
Stop in at the LaSalle Branch for Legos at LaSalle on May 12th at 2 p.m. For ages 5 and up. Call 282-4633 for more information.
I wish I had my own Defiant Class Starship.
Did they find out your *TERRIBLE SECRET*???
Dr. Purvis will speak in Dallas at GTCP on Tues, Feb 1, at 12:00. Check our website, www.child.tcu.edu, under News & Events for more info.
1/2 I think I am going to watch wizards of waverly place all day today if I can I can't believe it don't come on nothing will ever compare
Hollywood Bowl season is here-- a great place to enjoy great food this summer, and not kill your whole dietary week! [Post coming soon]- SB
When I run I think sweat is fat crying!! WooHoo!!
If u live in S Florida, St Louis or SoCal – don’t miss ‘s up-coming Cutting Edge Clinic. Email for info!
renato, go away.
Gettin ripped b4 practice, wondering why no one has given his own TV show yet???
Fav Toy Story movie is Toy Story 3, but fav PIXAR movie is definitely UP! :D
sorry, i have not. I did see griffin landy tho. He came to see our performance
and it feel so good to love like that music in my ears saying baby its long way down falling from heaven
Geno done asked what my twitter name is lol
at me?
omg me too , mad people are going so I'm excited too :)
yep, no flash is partly why I'm not buying the ipad2 and am going with an adroid tablet instead (most likely the galaxy tab).
im awake till my wake every dolla up for stake
Congrats! Happy bachelor weekend!
this has went downhill since Eloy ugh
There's a toothless beaver out there because Jessica Sanchez stole his teeth!
it's a beautiful mane of masculinity not to be ridiculed but respected.
September 17th 2011. i will be 17 and im going to see cody simpson. ahh!!
Beckett, on why he wrote: I could not have gone through the awful wretched mess of life without having left a stain upon the silence.
thanks for the RTs - happy Friday!
Q7 Sounds like fun! Give it a shot. If it goes horribly awry, magnets are easy to take away.
Family cried as three teenage defendants appeared in court on arson charge. Blamed for fire at Woodburn HS.
Have you made an appointment yet? Call (904) 636-0787.
<---- One of a Kind #NoFlex cause really, where you gonna find another 6'1 Fijian mix like this?!
thank you for the kind words! I'll be sure to let my father know!
unfortunately, yes
that youtube video is hilarious!!! goodness
are 1st in the Western Conference right now… Awesome!
Rewriting my frikken book for my final paper. This shot better be a worthy because this is the most effort I have put towards this class
I&#39;m glad my bf loves real sport Football. Basketball is wack..like baseball.
I feel like I'm dreaming
Shots? Bars?
hello glad we are connected!
I get more ass than a toilet seat
Me too! RT : Ready for & in MKE! ! Hoping for some Bon Iver tunes & an SVE cover
i do my speech on school about you.. I can tell my classmates how you RT me!
Do you have any fun recyclable craft ideas for our upcoming "ReMake Your Own" Late Night? Share them with us!
thanks for the shout
"Joe Campbell never metaphor he didn't like," attests
Attorney for Sugarland's management company says most of band's press releases were issued in response to Allen's statements
I knew you would succumb to the quince method. It is especially for those with difficult lives, you know...
Let's go
Getting the tree today. Decorating. Then to a sold out Beirut show tonight.
50%off premium rolls are available in the house! Please come in and check them out!
onion blossoms <3
hey Kate! I hope you're doing okay :) Stay strong girl, and always smile!
Great clients inspire the stylist/artist to do personalized works of art
Incredible day out. So lucky! :D
Kettlebell, abs then a run.
It's hard to find a good lamp for my desk so I can work at night. Maybe I'll just get a lava lamp!
Well, I hope I give you " nervous energy" ;-)
did you get the LEYE gift card i sent you via email? I just want to make sure it didn't go into your spam or something. Let me know!
Horrible news about Mo Rivera. Class act and one of the most dominant pitchers ever. Hope this isn't the end of the line for him.
#GoTribe Beautiful day to head on up to cleveland for some tribe baseball!
Same here! Haha
YO ERIN MARTIN IS A CLOWN
Is there anyone in the Mac Company who can lead the company the way Steve Jobs did? Is there a group of people in the company who can?
happiest place on earth! : )
It's Monday yet again :-/ What are you sippin' on tonight to cure the Monday blues?
Up Late Tonight Thinking Of Some Music Ideas..Beat Concepts,Social Promotions,etc..
That is awesome, you should bring those skills over to our OFA PA office in Philly some time!
i like a bad bitch who keep her bad bitches with her ;)
Mega Tron is a beast!!!
lol trying to unwind so i can sleep
We want the Imposter Kane to come out in this match.
easy does it. Lol. Not all of them in the county but 90%
My pleasure, Holly. :)
Who is going to THRASH AND BURN tonight!?!?
PROVE IT!
I guess I have some creativity deep inside me. I jar bent found it yet. I may never find t! Lol jk ;)
Second to last presentation of this EP Leadership Residency...Cyrus Koushestani says...the obesity rate in some wards of DC is 47%.
yes! Looking forward to the post, good luck!
Muir Hugh's fabulist fantastical animals at the bookstore as long as they last...
JUST GET MARRIED ALREADY!
#nowplaying Missing You by Brandy, Gladys Knight, Chaka Khan, & Tamia </3 crying like hell.
celebrates the birthdays of Amy Beach (1867) and John Cage (1912).
know feeling n those small buyins. Guy set mined on FT w 15 BBs. Got there 22 vs my KK as chip ldr. Not near as bad as 89 tho
well that person just plain sucks!
Dangg she serious too
San Francisco Auto Insurance Agency Offers Free Membership to Good Hands Roadside Assistance from Allstate
Cant wait till comes to Miami (: hope You enjoy living here like i do (:
-_|~!! TWO DANCE FLOORS...HIP HOP..DJ KHAOTIC IN THE MIXX....DJ CHUCO ON THE MIC $2 DRINKS.....SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Sure thing!
don't forget to check out our personal accounts if you fancy getting to know us a little better!
good afternoon lovies! whewww im just waking up for the 2nd time today...i was on sleep over drive
Today's writing tip: Often time, the writing process does not involve writing. Embrace the process.
Heard I made the senior slideshow...love ya sista
sat. morning cartoon flow.....
RT if you are still going strong with your New Years Resolution - what was it?
I'm clever and I'm a lefty but you'll have to claim the fascist label for yourself.
At the comic book store >.<
“: Face your deficiencies and acknowledge them. But do not let them master you. -Hellen Keller”
that was yesterday FYI
No prob! Hope to see you soon.
#PacerNation LETS GO!!!! I'm so going to the game thursday! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Who's got the best crab legs in Jacksonville, anyone?
: "Winter always turns into spring." - Nichiren"
What up Ro how is your day going
It was a dark and stormy night...and we here at HIBF would like to remind you that the fest will happen rain or shine! Bring an umbrella!
yeah lost the gay vote and those of us ind that support gay marriage. Don't be afraid paranoid and delusional.
Not much just been up to the same ole thing!!!!! WBU?
You seem like a really down to earth person. That was cool. :)
RT : #12ntcgomo mentioned as a good resource for responsive design #12NTC - websites by nfp for nfp
So, non-COS tweeps, to explain -- we're having invasion here that makes biblical plague of locusts look like Sat. in the park.
who's your favorite NFL team?
I hate lil girls especially the ones who claim they grown in doing dis in dat but still act like a child.
At #sharesf w/ An elixir of inspiration & innovation.
Cole Hamels says he qualifies for maintaining "old school" mentality cause he uses antique white for his frosted tip color
thank u Zach! are u visiting or are u local?
In love with Jay Z <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Birthdays are good for you. Statistics show that the people who have the most live the longest.
.: Slaves voices are not visible in 18th-c archive. Is absence presence? Shadows. Ghosts. Technology can reduce silences.
Best Movie Poster Ever !
How do you us timeouts
The Pentagon gave Russia a 1 BILLION dollar no bid contract.. We bought 3 VIP helos for Afghan Pres. This is fraud ladies and gentleman...
if you follow twisst, you can get alerts for your area as well.
Excited to see & Gladys Knight!
Thank you, Magic
It's official. I'm fuckin 30.
7" with the title track off new album, Always, split with a Dirty Beaches cover of Francoise Hardy. Can't wait to listen!
We're kicking off Nov w/ Tip Tuesdays! Tune in this wk & every Tues for insider tips on training, nutrition & other interesting topics.
justin my life my best friend had an accident yesterday Carolina thanks for listening: '(
If Loyola and Dominican really work together, then why are their classes and meetings held on the same nights in conflict?
2012 Phenom Camper ° Jr Phenom: Isaish Amato °Rising 6th °Vancouver, WA °Travel Team: Inner City Players ICP °Point Guard 5’4
THE PRINCE IS HERE.... PRINCE ADIUM
Alabama needs a dependable FG kicker!
shout to Compton
Tell me why all the Repub candidates seem compelled to kneel and pay homage to Trump. Call me crazy, but just seems hair-brained act to me.
This day can end already... I'm cold. Yuck.
Are you heading out to Eugene, Oregon on Septemer 4th to support Locksley's Lobos? This is a big game for our school.
Has anyone done H2O Bootcamp @ Princeton Club? Is it a workout or water ballet?
you too! Thanks for the interest in
Often start w/ "which tool do you prefer for research" (general) or "which tool would be most helpful when researching __"1/2
that happened to me this semester with an engineering class but I still did aight. You'll make it.
Thanks Emily! RT Great piece by on what insolvency meant in Oakland Unified.
Wait MARIANO got injured?!
Paul #answer on Military spending. Look at who is backing him! Active military members.
I told you they would hurt!! It feels like weights on your teeth!!
its sad how i look on facebook and guys are starting to do that duck face pose.
Wpt main event- started with 30k, at 37.3 at first break
are you with her? Hoping she could cover my shift tonight
This is a whole new team. If u couldn't tell by how we closed out Dallas. Laker fans know wassup. I don't even gotta say shit. SWEEP
Happy Birthday to my BFF's little brother Hope you've had a great day!
my room is the perfect temperature right now.
I wish I had something to do tonight :(
Early going 107 cappers with picks on today's NFL championship games with 3 consensus from these pks so far with more to come
i dont even know why im excited for summer. got nothing to do!?
Interested in buying a house?
an entire article on not liking Silicon Beach. What is the world coming to
'bout to watch me some
Government is still main participant in the delivery service of petroleum products. - Mofe Boyo of
I totally agree! I'm too scared of red lipstick, but I am wearing some red tinted lip balm. :)
Hey, Do I know you ? ;D Anyways idrcc , thats twitter . Lol
2 trips to Jamba today. it's kinda like heaven in my mouth.
Sunny day in p-town, just got off the river...
It's a celebration at Auditorium shores to kick off Rodeo Austin. Coffee, biscuits, pancake--ALL FREE
RT : This I'd pay for! RT : The eLearning Experience, by Cirque du Soleil. #FakeDevLearn (I'd pay too!)
Sometimes I feel like more I try the less I accomplish.
New York,.NY- need females for body parts modeling. No nudity. Pay is 100 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
Baseball is 90% mental and the other half is physical. --Yogi Berra
10 days left of school!
yea so whats up!
Happy Easter!
Ooh. I might be in town then. Keep me informed!
Confusing Bruce Springsteen with Buffalo Springfield
Using, going out on, risking life and, or other? RT Writing about limbs.
Jalen Rose needs money? “: u n and skip better leave my man jrose a loan, he getting down n dirty on the show
You're the one doin it!
#NYPD arresting people for quietly sitting down on a sidewalk, this is absurd.
going to walk my new puppy
Hey girll, you going to be at school tomorrow? Btww i have somee really god news! :D
who stole our domain name? that wasn't nice
I was trying to click on someone else's name!
LOL HAHA RT There's no reason why I should be able to see the imprint of your knees through your pants. You're a man.
“:Iam goin 2 miss every moment about this program #tears I'll always remember this program” This is how we want everyone 2 feel
android? RT : My phone has converted into a remote thanks to the AT&T u-verse app, it's the little things folks!
oh okay i did see that on the news....yeah im cancelling my account and going with a credit union
thanks for the RT! It's important for ppl to remember magnesium. Leafy greens & whole grains are good sources.
I am thinking about getting a BMW 325i Coupe for a new car!
U guys are crazy over me!:))
have you been hacked?
You only need to hear one side of it!
There are usually interesting discussions on Andrews blog.
I understand. It would be neat for fans to donate to their local blood bank and feel like part of the #SabresBloodDrive too.
In dc cab and radio jockey is plugging the national human trafficking hotline! 888-3737-888
thank you!!! I needed that lol
The polar bears have made an entrance on screen reacting to the speaker. I think Tupac is about to show up.
I believe that!
I love it, I love it, i love it when you eat it ®
The opening night party was hoppin'!!!
All you have is yourself when providers aren't avail until the next business day. HA!
At least Axford still has his save streak... *rolls eyes*
Why is is that that speech leaves me covered in goose bumps, tears flowing no matter how many times I hear "I Have a Dream?"
If I like u when I first meet u , I'll love u like I've known u forever. But if u do me wrong , imma be on tht FUCK U BITCH shidd.
Irony: Taking your Prilosec with Red Bull. Yes, it's dumb and YES...I just did.
Hmm. I don't think I have anything anyone would want... How about a bottle of Jim Beam Me Up?
hopper you are the biz.
Sweet sour album by Band of Skulls, YOU need to check it out. MySpace or Pandora them lol
I know one thing if an when I do ever have kids I want them to have the same father
im just a shy guy dey dont like ey can sue me m d way u do me i <3 u
ha. Progress.
Merry Chinese food and a movie day!
What? Why? :O My parets would take me everywhere i want! I mean, It's cheap! Ask your parents! ;) xoxo
Seattle, our first Twitter contest: Free panini to our 100th follower. Please RT thanks
New Louisiana health Care Quality Forum website! www.lhcqf.org Great job Louisiana!
I'm sure Tsingtao would sponsor it but everyone would end up pounding Miller Lite. Just like every other holiday.
Last real week of high school. This is too weird.
CONCERTS ARE MAKING ME BROKE... But at the same time they're giving me the best experiences of life and keeping me happy. Gahd.
Leonard pretends to be a friend then acts like a two-faced bitch.
Class warfare amongst republican candidates is just priceless.
thanks for the RT!
Happy Birthday Andy! Ur an inspiration to us all bro
still so hard to even get in the overflow classes!
hey u member me :D
please pick me :-) it would mean the world to me and my daughters.
Oh, ok... at least it's Friday
Still picking up the edits on the new novel and waiting for the cover design.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. Buddha
Don't ever get " I want you" confused with " I need you" cause I don't need anyone
Had Lunch with Chris La, the newest edition to 15four.
New topic - Weekend MONOCHROME #77 |20-22 April| Post yours!
Get your free video send us an email.
...if they vote Obama out of the office, we're going to be #chopped&screwed
Janet Burroway's definition & explanation of poetry (p. 310 of IW 2nd ed) is the best I've read.
I got 9 tickets left. Get at me!!!
In the vein of Friday hugs, perhaps you should dedicate a day of the week to Bob Ross favorite paintings....?!
#WestCoast is the place to be!!
you could be the grimm ima be the reapa
Japan's DJ Krush is grooving at the Empty Bottle on Jan. 27th. Who's coming with me?
I wish we had some type of food in this house.
RT it completely boggles my mind how lazy some people are
Been ridin around for the past hour trin to get my son to fall asleep in the car. Shits didnt work.
Wow! Your server is so...slow!
ya kinda disappointed w the vol au vent tbh butt looking fwd to French toast! :)
I hear ya. I need a break too. But I don't get my vacation days back until end of June.
I do not want Peyton in the
About to put something together that explains specifically why a major gifts program. Concentration of wealth is one factor.
. this is getting weird.
also, from a [semi-new] iPhone convert - OPEN THE BOX! gamechanger, I promise.
Catching up on parade work while watching On Wisconsin!
Randi Korn: Continual focus on producing more programs for larger attendance is unsustainable.
Good for you! Even on my least motivated days I'd be a bit happier after :)
Another turnover? #Steelers your killing me!
And the noose keeps getting tighter and tighter.
Hope everyone had a great Spring Break! :) what did everyone do this last week?!
#oomf got what I want
will you hold me
follow back please
Operation: Sound Off! And OSO artist Dustin Wilkes will be featured on Inside Music Row on March 19th, 8:30pm central. Check local listing
We have had a few calls tonight from davis from party guests who have drank too much-glad they made the right decision!
Hi Stereogum Team! We sent a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! We would love your feedback! www.twintapes.com
We all go through our own situations, but when you got your support system >>> <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
does this mean you'll be at mr. smith's tonight?
Jury duty 2day.Im an actress & planned on wearing a bikini, u never know who u might meet,but wz told pants&shirt r a MUST. Dammit!
Yaaaay, excited for another day!!
looks dope as fook.
Go right ahead with putting My Inspiration in rotation. Thanks for exposing us to so much more people!
not yet but will ASAP! Such a fantastic book and movie complemented it well!
A wise girl kisses, but doesn't love, listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left.
We're actively developing Bright Funds for Enterprises. Does your company have a commitment to sustainability? Community? Join us!
lesson building & sharing - would love to hear how you do this & what pain points u have (because I'm trying to make it easier!)
#YouKnowYourHigh When you been floating over and hour.
Thanks all for voting us 2011 #eecms Plug-In of the Year Runner-Up, great honor! We have a few things up our sleeves for 2012!
they were just getting mad because I said I didn't have anything to change into
Caved in and bought Lottery tickets for the MegaMillions. Pie-in-sky dreaming, sure. But the lottery seems a surer bet than this economy.
Missing some Austreams was definitely worth this Amazing song #SaySomethin .<3 He has come so far! ^__^
please tweet some more brilliance. Tweet tweet!
Subject is contraband insignia
And the fellas droppin it low tho
Good Luck today!!! You deserve it!
What is that? That's Kevin Tran ... So, Kevin, you can, ah, read the chicken scratch on the God rock, huh?
I tell you I'm playing keys on a Gaga song? Solo! It's awesome.
i want to follow me on this account. :P
Elephant says to camel:why do u have 2 breasts on your back?Camel says:that's very inappropriate for someone w/ a penis on his face to ask!
Despite your past and regardless of your current circumstances, your future can exceed your expectations
I saw a jordan wizards jersey yesterday
lol if I ever come I'll give u a tweet
Check out Bartab - This will spark interest throughout the bars and restaurants at no cost to the venues!
That's great Lisa! Congratulations!
"I secretly fist pump"! Hahaha! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
i'm actually way too hyper right now
the time.......she is a changing
#Johnson: Heurist = an academic social network "database of everything" ... one-stop shop for most kinds of data we deal with.
Let the excuses begin...
thanks! it was great! fun fun fun! wish you could have been there!
Trinh T. Minh-Ha's Surname Viet, Given Name Nam at the Walker Art Center
( April / 19 / 2012 ] Is Almost Here BabyGirl <3 One Year , ( With Some Childish Break Ups ) ONE YEAR <3 #TeamCOMMITTED (:
Not true. You need to search within specific databases and select "black" for race. Hang in there.
It's true
i would like someone to bring me macncheese/mashed potatoes from wood, clean my room, and give me a massage. all without speaking. thanks.
RT : If you're interested in the , Serving or served in the #peacecorps...join us for #rpcvchat today at 12pm EST!
awww. love you too honey.
.. :[ (actually, we get to refer those questions to a different desk!)
thankyou too :P and your always welcome love<U+2665> cool you from Germany?
going to the midnight premiere of #theluckyone hopefully is there <3 <3
We had a great weekend in South Texas! Ready to play in Tyler, TX this weekend!
Anyone read Down Detour Road: an architect in search of practice? Any recommendations on good architectural reads?
When does the Chicken Salad Sub return??
TRUST is the base of all relations. A small mistake can change the whole thing. Like missing T can RUST the relationship. :-)
Tears for the umpteenth time today. Just so proud of #teampablove in the #LAmarathon. Couldn't have had a finer group.
is on!! SHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH :)
Oh no! :( So sorry to hear it, please leave feedback, I'll touch base.
its rain outside bo
Thanks, glad you like them! More than a hobby, less than a profession?
#19MillionMonsters One big family
Experience - the wisdom that enables us to recognise in an undesirable old acquaintance the folly that we have already embraced
LFO syncing up nicely. Wobble, Wobble!
Approx how many hours/week spend walking around your schools? Important to find balance between desk time & MBWA
let's see about scheduling that! ;)
it makes me wonder what page they landed on :)
I would love to have just a chilled #MovieNight right about now.
a lot of teams run it, nobody runs it full time. Not suggesting that either but the way Jets run it will make Tebow successful
I don't have many followers!
Looking forward to "In Perfect Harmony," salute to vocal groups from early 30s to mid-'70s at 92nd Street Y's Lyrics & Lyricists.
I hate my old stuff, it's beyond cheesy and it's so freshman year
how the hell did it get to be Sunday already? this weekend totally robbed me. I am owed at least half a Friday.
Thank you for the #FF, Mike! (Sorry for the late reply!)
To all Americans who have served their country, today we officially give thanks, but know you are always in our thoughts.
My ugg mug haven't been texting me..
ok came back online for a bit.. still not finished with homework :( but I needed a break! so did I miss anything? :P
I feel so bad for the family of the victims of hazing. Frat/Soro have been sued and suspended. FAMU should set a higher standard. Thoughts?
The clock is ticking.
give me a call lets talk about your seo needs,623-255-4088 ext1 mst ask for Dean
maybe. :x
Fuck those niggas that say; swag is annoying . Haha
Only pundits think u have to stake claim on politics of the decision. Parents know children thrive in lots of diff situations.
Aww thanks!!! You, too. Our hairstyles were both the opposite of our usual dos! :)
There's been a booze ban on the L.I.R.R. What are you going to do?
you got it! We're big supporters of our military - thanks for all you do!
Have tickets to the cataracs tonight in Tahoe im not going to make it. You can try to convince will call to give them to you
Yes, this is our moment, this is The Year of Boulevard!
Attend the July 19th School Board meeting -- stand up for PE. 7 pm. 501 N. Dixon St
Thirsty for that new iPad announcement in less than 3 hours.
Good Afternoon! Jus was pondering on I'm so Bless<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> To God Be the Glory....
I am not very patient when waiting for an email to arrive.
its a girl thing wouldn't understand
wonderful hash tag, sir.
Marc of Forever The Sickest Kids band wearing a Project 143 wristband during their show! Thanks Marc! www.facebook.com/project143
Today already sucks! Work calls after only 4 hrs sleep. 3rd 16hr day starts now.
Join our fan page facebook.com/workforbooks
roll down your windows and crank up the
You're asking too much. RT : dear white "allies": please come correct or don't come at all.
We think too alike when it comes to baseball.
Hotter than fish grease outside!
So, day 4 of 2012 is as good as day 3...#Albuquerque #Nonprofit #Fundraising TBA as to which #NM #Soccer club is going to partner with us!
come on get higher.
pre-draft would make sense though for Kimmel to promo draft night before. Only 1 guest booked for Weds...rg3?
Just two more weeks....
thanks Surgery went great and I'm home now getting pampered by my kids :-)
he's PrettyDamnTough
edit edit edit
oh that makes a lot more sense now!!
21 Jump Street here i come
You guys try the maple syrup/bacon sundae from the WI products pavillion? Good stuff! Hitting me some dueling pianos now.
i feel you bra, im on the same level, ya boy missin florida badly lol
So pissed, packed up my baby to go to to see and and was told only execs and VIPs were allowed in.
Thank you much for the RT. Your thoughtful input on all aspects of volunteering is always much respected and appreciated.
I'm searching YouTube right now for "How to make a social media startup worth $1 billion"
My last RT>
MTV MOBB THRU NWC & TAPE DA SHOP & R DUDE BRELAND, PEEP MTV"s MADE & FEEL DA HEAT WE POUR N OUT, WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
Justin Bieber playlist c:
Thinking of celebrating my birthday with you this Saturday, do you have vegan options? Thanks!
Lit circles are a great example of flipping the classroom.
For programming and Animation positions in the games industry contact either .uk or .uk
you were right. It is not an illusion. :) Love you Spesh!
I like Jaylor but I like Taylorsquared better.
Who's going to the SPIKE Video Game Awards with me?
Jessmyn Ward, Salvage the Bones
“: is a damn pro at these dorm beds” amen
can't wait for next fri
Best part of filling in for Travis and getting done early? Catching the last hour of & on - Fun w/ Wunderlic!
I think this the first time me and had a conversation .
got chu sorry I haven't been online in a while
RT now to win: "I wanna win dinner for 2 on you, #RestaurantWeek"
did anyone watch Pey's Ustream ? how was it !?
no it did not wark out who is the real soncara
Excited to finish some business at the PCT 50M tomorrow. Have a great weekend everyone!
tell them to stop following
I had vacation last week so I'm going back tomorrow but I don't want to :(
Celine Hung: Hokkein used in Filipino film as an anachronistic relic – as escape from the nation or as return only as tourist.
yeah, I landed about a hour or so ago. In in Nashville till Monday :)
I wonder if "SweatBox" by Wiz Khalifa x Disco Biscuits is tied up in legal litigation or if they just decided it wasn't dope enough...
im glad :)
Amen we need more people to believe because God is being taken out of almost everything.
#exponential2012 thanks Brandon!! Safe travels home after the conference!
thank you thank you thank you!
RT : ROMNEY THERE ONE YEAR LONGER: RT : Harvard alum #Romney says #Obama may have spent too much time at Harvard
Well, I didn't have my Malaysian translator today.
Studying music videos , blogs, webisodes ... Listening to beats! Never been so focused in my life...
In other news: just started rolling out coupon codes, direct deposit tests are passing, & hard at work on interface updates
3. #Zombies want to devour human flesh not other Zombies, cuz that's just gross.
Black women in general are just beautiful
I want some breakfast.
Hi follow me back?? :)
haha I actually came to mine, nice crowd here but this is worthless
Never thought I'd hear somebody wanting Inge and that .200 batting average to come back.
i hope you feel better and I'll take care of as soon as i get home
My new part-time job: gallery attendant at Worcester Art Museum. The real challenge? Tracking down comfy clogs like I had as an undergrad.
15 films with $1M+ in box office earnings this weekend. Going into 'Avengers' weekend and the summer smash start, a very impressive take!
why wouldn't bleachers open up next weekend??
Doesn't matter how it happens as long as it ends up in the W column!
Everything falling today for the Bulldogs now. Ron Nored hits a deep three to give them a 22-18 lead with 5:30 to go.
Get a taste of the weekend this Wednesday at #Fridays! Join us for our #HappyHour specials from 4-7pm, including $4 & #highballs!
you know we got yo back cuz.
Debating whether humanities data curator should be one person, or distributed skills.
Kick some ass!
he legit has 2000 pictures!
I have family in the UK but mostly in Ireland
yea that's true but some guys think wit they dick head
email me or text that weird number I've been using
thanks for the #sxswedu tweets! Catching up now.
You're too special! I never ever wanna lose our friendship <3
Nice suggestion!
Gonna watch bros bro'ing out in Shadyside for the Big Brother auditions.
Thanks for watching!
I just love how most people think I'm straight lol XD makes me feel manly and what not
I hate being sick:/
#OneThingImSureOf Two chickens, beer, fat girls and a dog name chi chi do not mix
David Ortiz is smackin the hell outta baseballs this year.. Lehh go
RT : Join me for this Friday's #followreader, 4-5 p.m. EDT w/special guest 'll be talking Summer Reads 2012!
ha. ok hop on a plane.
Burger King. RT : LAST QUESTION: Name of the tattoo center where Gaga got her Born This Way tattoo.
seems like the Aussies r pursuing real price discovery rather than just fiddling while DC burns.
I stayed up FAR too late talking amazing opportunities with the crew and it was worth it 200%.
fire Thanks for following. Enjoy the weekend!
watchin the same thing
Bad girls club (: <3
RT : oh wait and the last minute of the purdue game... gah so many
Thanks for the RT!
thanks for helping a sister out, just got to 100 - woohoo!
true, but the checklist is on the SPEA website. I kinda expected better. Haha
I want a caramel sundae from Mickey D's..
hey, no bad attitudes allowed in ny
Baker's One Bowl Brownies in the oven and a yummy quesadilla for lunch.
“: Outlaw aka has been working on his round kick. I think he's just about perfected the move. #kickboxing #pregancy"
Lemme go ahead and drop some light work
Romantic Tip #2: Give your lover a dozen roses - make 11 roses red and make 1 white - attach a note that says "In every bunch there's one...
Missed the start to my event and now I don't get my varsity letter -____-
tweeted 99 times and a bitch ain't one.
Key word here is "I"
The Awdkward moment when your crush doesn't reply to your messages, but update their Facebook status
Thanks. Appreciate it. I think it will all work out.
Just RT'ed a couple of links to watch the HOF announcement. Air Force's Scott Thomas among the finalists today.
Thank you for reviewing louequi3 & yueyue! We are now Top 1 at 6months range! Top 4 in 1 Month range! Top 2 in all times!
It's crazy people day at Kroger. The lady dressed like a clown? She also has a dog in a sling. It's white with a hot pink strip in it's fur.
": I hope Obama doesn't get re-elected. America would be doomed" You must not keep up in politics to be making this statement
Mitch farmer how could I have forgot you...miss ya mate.
yeah. One day I went to get gas for the mower and just kept driving to the gravel stop.
so that means you won't be wanting to join me October 21 when #americasteam comes to town.
Perfect day for $10 buckets and free pool!!
get it done!
is tuned in to you and
About to use the deep drier for the first time. Hopefully watching mom does me some good... Lol
Woah, I need more gay followers.
If (insert appropriate religious figure here) had meant for us to block the streets. They wouldn't have invented treadmills.
Shiiaatt! Power just went out
thanks so much :)
Telling stat: Since 2009, top-eight seeds in boys lax playoffs are 22-2 in the second round.
Now watch them pour on ten runs
I guess ill try to sleep.
kinda like last year. Losing stat and Chauncey
I'm glad I'm not a hockey fan bc y'all make it seem awful!!!
Off to get then to Brooklyn. Am I missing any pattern in my get-up? Polka dots? Plaid? Pin-stripe? Ah, Paisley!
Downloaded the Selena Gomez album for my daughter and I cant stop listening to the club remixes
you going to tower?
#OTR day one in the books....so much fun! Looking forward to day 2 in HR!
Wesley Snipes must surrender to do his time by Dec. 9th. Hard to believe.
on #startups: it has become a culture!
I would have been fine with the heavy handed cycle foreshadowing if they just explained the Gods motivations better.
It's all about Customer Service thank you for helping out #TeamTigerblood last minute!!!
free throws are just as good as the store-bought kind
nah. They not.
So weird whenever I drive by there every once and a while, cuz it hasn't changed Lol
We all hunger to be affirmed -- to be seen, to be heard, to be reflected back to ourselves in a positive way.
I feel your pain
help i'm alive
Doing a snoozer of a project. Is this REALLY why I spent 10 years in college?
Audi, thanks for the add!
good morning!!
Just did "Insanity" for PE 101..... just want to pass out and call it a day...
Well at least there was one good game on today.
I try so hard not to fall apart in front of you but once yout gone i fall apart and cry till i cant anymore with my heart still broken </3
rich ppl are nutty
Our live interactive auction show starts at 6pm at www.dealshow.com tonight and every weekday, monday - friday
Search the internet for some new ideas, energy saving gadgets & the likes.
Morning my love!<U+2764> I know I don't tweet much but I just thought I should start!
Only God can judge me. Who the f**k is you? Good Morning freeworld. S/O to the homies and fam on lock. Too many to name. Sad but true.
been in LA for 2 months, finally heading to Venice Beach!
We seem to make this stock market so complicated. Basically, the season of the BEAR is now upon us regardless I the bullish news.
YEESSSS!! ": turns out it's National Cleavage Day!!! haha!!!"
Lol my mom just ask me if Trey songz was gay ...
I prefer an interesting vice to a virtue that bores. (Molière)
Completed a 12 hour drive through NorCal and Nevada. Realized today just how much I love road trips. Feels great to be back in Vegas.
"When you're a Jet, you're a Jet all the way! from you first cigarette your last dyin' days." -Riff, West Side Story
info at totsonthego dot com
We had a little "come to Jesus" meeting. She now appreciates her license & the use of the car. ;)
you can cry in the shower. Why not underwater?
#WhyDoIAlways screw myself over. No matter what. Doesn't cease to fail. At least I have consistency.
If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
Well at least they played it(: and TWICE!!
I'm Good! RT : we out here tryin' a function!
Keep talking bout "Jobless" recovery. Reason? US keeps exporting thousands of "free trade" jobs on daily basis!
Come On !
That didn't take long
RT If being a Little Monster gives you freedom
Do not fill out checks with eyebrow pencil. Very important rule to remember.
if a man doesnt want U & only U, m0ve the fuck on! dont use KiDs as an excuse 4 STUPiDiTy! It just makes u look desperate!
Looking for that special toys visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have what your looking for!
Watching this I realize I have zero emotional attachment to this #Coyotes team. If I did I'd be pretty excited.
spring is here...soccer season is in full swing for my kids. got out on the golf course 2 weeks ago.
3 more days of school...
get that insurance in case u crack that shit
good luck today
I think even more than that it's not always the best path to change. Chances are there's an existing org tackling the problem!
Follow on twitter
ive seen all the way up to dax so you gotta catch up haha
If it wasn't for bassnectar I would not be getting hype right now @ the gym.
Thanks for the feedback! RT : Just had my daily gummy vitamins, they are so good!! I wish I could eat em' all :)
#ImagineQue was on stage during his #BelieveTour and sang One Less Lonely Girl as a flashback, then chose you to be his OLLG.
And that's all folks.
Future replacement? MT: : Big news. Hubert Davis is leaving ESPN & will be an asst coach at North Carolina under Roy Williams.
Band concert night for Jessica!
GOOD LOOKIN 2 JAMMIN 983 FOR JUST PLAYING MY TRACK MOTHERS DAY (EVERYDAY) LOVE MY MAMA!!
I cant believe i aint doin shit for spring break,, AGAIN! i this school is super
come see my band play in the marina tonight at 9PM. good old rock and roll
U know now u can donate human organs through Facebook not pianos. organs and I don't mean the organ that's in church ok good
Love all the acceptance letter retweets! I remember when I got my letter :)
You love rain, but you open an umbrella. You love sun, but you find a shadow spot. This is why I'm afraid, you say you love me too.
hahahha. That made my night
My wife is like Grampa on the Simpons; she b like we gon do this, tht, an this; 5 min later "z"
Tough first game for our 14u #ssbaseball team this morning. Great recovery in game 2. We r ready for bracket play on Thursday!
Yea and ya don't stop!
i know rite...wit his twatchin azzh
If ur seeing some and hanging out, but not in a relationship what's the protocol on going out with other people if asked?.
Like, is it a personality thing? Is it how they behave at home & it just translates to public? Someone enlighten me.
It's beautiful out there this afternoon! And inside the gallery, too. Stand by for some photos from this month's exhibition.
# Earthday Good4life care: 100% recycled bottles, made in USA within 20 miles, low waste shipping, gravity fed machines, and skylights e.t.c
Jus got out the shower.....grindmode time
NO!!!! Leave Mc'ds fries alone!!!!
found out student rate is 10 percent off.
Make Kony famous!
I try and stop it all but if I can't I will stop the hard
It's 8pm on a Thursday, why are there so many drunk people out?
Every relationship has problems. Don't let something that can be fixed, break your relationship....
yes, duh i am still interested in the role.
only if there's a billing code for that
Being lost in downtown Baltimore...kinda funny..... Kinda sketch. I'll check in with yall in the morning to see how it goes... Hopefully
oh so this is what a steaming pile of monkey ass feels like... ._.
You can't expect me to be fine. I don't expect you to care.
my sister Tay says u were were makin her die with all them jokes from the concert night
Wow, excellent news! Can't wait to get on your level :)
for sure. Heat makes my curls sad! It's so hard to get them back to their defined selves after too long! Try to resist :D
Bur, it's cold outside! Stop by for a heart warming breakfast! We'll even let you play with our wifi,
happy mothers day
what do I have to do to get in on this round table?
I deleted my tweet, but did I say it was?
yep. lol. Im going to go so i can get enough sleep for school tomorrow :\ goodnite (:
her name is Lupita. She's a diesel.
OUR BOYS goddammit! Show you balls!
So we ignore each other, and pretend the other person doesn't exist, but deep down, we both know it wasn't supposed to end like this.
Can't wait to get out of work tonight...
For those CIOs who leave, perhaps. But often they leave for reason
boys are always talkin to me y not girls i mean i would like new friends :D
STILL thinking about the Trader Joe's chocolate croissant I had for breakfast. Not a good sign, not good at all.
its okay Linde doesn't love me.
Nice have fun RT : LAS VEGAS
Losing a friend forver is the most hurtful thing, I never thought I would go through this again. Nobody is immortal even when you feel i ...
So happy to have you join us! Hope you are enjoying Singapore...without me...
I will never understand why people even bother speaking when all that comes out their mouths are lies?!!? Makes me sick <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
lmfao uh , no thank you mom (:
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 17
duh, this is easy. I would take your call first as you are the gate keeper!
Not doubting #Anon claim of access to every classified database. Just that big claims require big proof.
hope all is well with
Paid advertising is so much smaller than the organic search of unpaid traffic. We are investing in the wrong segments.
ah but you know exactly what it means though I bet!
if Lady Gaga and Justin Beiber got into a fight, who would win? lol
From your blog post I'm not sure if you joined amazon select. Did you?
GRIN YOURSELF THIN: Brazilian research found that serotonin, the “happy hormone,” reduces appetite. -- Dave Zinczenko ()
Someone help me find shoes for prom my dress is turquoise
share all you want. I don't mind
new server from is online! finally moving #OpenSim, #OSGrid + web projects to a new home. happy friday :)
seriously rocked their set! These kids know how to get a crowd moving!
?Thursday tunes?
fantastic! Congrats sir
Shirts are ordered and will be ready for bamboozle! Super excited for their debut!
names #Northeastern catcher Jon Leroux as Player of the Week. Auburn, MA junior was 9-for-16 w/ 3 HR in 4 games.
Good plan! RT : with lots of SPF and a lawn chair
There's no certainty – only opportunity.
I love it when that happens too. A lot of times those are the strongest melodies. The refining process is so much fun.
#nh12 is going great! We will be presenting at 3 in the Washington Rm. Stop by and learn how to integrate digital media into classrooms!
BOTH our boys & Isaac Diaz made final round of Bartender Battle at #HardRockABQ! Will be Cosmo Tapas vs. Jazzbah next!
So is catcher for the #Nats the new drummer for Spinal Tap?
It drives me bonkers...LOL! I asked him, do I speak too slow...LOL!
Just fucked my day all up
Dont Wanna Hurt Nobody, Just Tryna Find That Pot Of Gold At The End Of The Rainbow.
oh my ! thank you love ! and hushh you are beautiful yourself ! <3
Why did you bump us from a CONFIRMED flight tomorrow AM to Saturday AM?!
Getting my hair cut tomorrow.. And relaxing
RT : New UN report shows maternal deaths halved over last 20 years. Deaths in childbirth still far too common.
I can't believe I just called a thermostat gorgeous.
to be joking that's crazy three weeks to get all that homework done :( By the way I did tell you that I can help you if U need
I wrote down the exact results of airplay for these tracks u did, we even have s strong presence in the mid east
Was going to buy a new set of sheets, but decided on a bottle of bleach instead.
Visiting a Past Master in the hospital. Good to see brothers watching out for each other... /G\
It amazes me how most guys will always end up downgrading when they had the best right in front of them
Just got back from San Francisco and got to see dear friends, Sacheen Littlefeather, Jim Baldocchi and Rebecca and Judy Ets-Hokin. Way hot!
Happy Halloween Freaks! Check out our video for "Creepy Love" live at Hot Topic! It's in our blog!
someone is bored here i'll help you with your boredom follow me
just took 5 days for me.
sorry :/ i unfollowed you cuz u told me you'll follow me if i get you 10 followers and i did then u followed me and unfollowed.
I miss you pretty much pal
keep Mogulmediatv updated on all future events #PinkKisses!!!
Stand by for incoming NLT Video.... while you're waiting, get caught up on the last few videos!
This made me laugh. ;D lmao
Gap Internet Marketing Consulting – 5 Powerful Benefits To Use ...
Thanks for the follow iSpeakYouListen™<U+2665> (KUnlimited23)! :)
Round 1 of Torches music video shoot is about to happen... Yes!
- We're just launching this week, so it's not in any stores just yet. But we'll list new places to buy on the web site, FB, etc.
Thank you! I really am looking forward to my first "flight" :-)
Reef Commandment #1. NEVER anchor on a Reef. Use mooring balls and if you do anchor do so in the sand.
basics are a bore.
Sushi is what I need.
5 hr delay on - I'm not buying tickets from them again!
I miss him so much!
School starts in one week! We have a meeting today with all the teachers to finalize everything for next week. Who is excited? WE ARE!!!!!
If we could only have some rain to help put out the fires and stop encroachment on Bandelier and Los Alamos!
400 plus hits today. So incredibly thankful. No greater gift than to touch people with your talents.
Dr. Darm and Aesthetic Medicine Announce Charity Event to Benefit the Oregon Humane Society
Apple Set To Release Subscription-Focused iOS 4.3 eweekeurope.co.uk/news/apple-set… via
I might have just stumbled upon the prettiest Black Girl ever
home is the Delt house/Muncie bro. You're just on vacation now...
The recap is often better than the show itself.
Do you need to set up your record label? Contact MEA
"we've heard of all this 'big data' but want to learn more"
#DuckDynasty = new favorite show :-)
Now watching Bridesmaids . Funniest movie ever !
Bitch named brittney, big ass titties
#Highfives things i nnever see in Zambia
Survive and advance. Good win last night Buckeyes. Now its time to rise and grind.
My mom is the queen of introducing me to people I should know but I don't cause I don't really want to.
now Scott, you don't want this happen.
America's brightest CEO hard at work, doing something to support US economy and grow business profits once again...jump in and support the …
According to that Teen Mom show, fake nails lead to teen pregnancy.
what's god
I'm developing a weird mancrush on Kid's legit.
I hate your life lol.
i-i've been feeling lonely
This "issue"...I was a crazy activist back then too!
just juiced some kale of my own, beets, ginger, apple . . . supa cleanse!
What's your primary trigger? RT : Power. Passion. Mystique. Prestige. Alarm. Rebellion. Trust. 7 triggers of fascination
Rumble Young Man Rumble...don't let these circumstances beat you out....Survive. Win. BREATHE LIFE.
I want to go home and shower. Holy shit.
is getting his swimmers tested today. He's worried he won't be able to perform bc every1 knows what you're doing in that room.
We need mass participation from people wanting to dance on 6th street to the WOBBLE dance after the choir performs!
Oaklanders! What music are *you* listening to to drown out the sound of police choppers hovering above #mayday #oo marchers? Me:
love yor icon and background
Who will PNoy send to Beijing?
Thanks for the mention! It should be a great event and exhibit!
Turned my phone bk on. It's acting stupid. I need a new one. <U+E40E>
Thanks!! We have a good time. Whenever you want to book a show again, yell!!
“: thanks for the tours and locations! #marac”//My pleasure!
damn I wanted to see him play! But no Derek's game isn't until 3:30. You and John should come!!
Just chatted up #phoenixjones ! Why didnt i take a picture?
have a safe flight!
Tre from The O.C. Is on Dawson's Creek!
I'm awaiting a call from someone in NYC named Patrick who might have a job for me.
looking for make up artist ,fashion designer or Wardrobe stylist , Photographer etc. to network work with. hit me you if you interested !
Matt, are you here in Austin? Can we meet?Let me know.
A lot of work needs to be done with the dancers.
White sox play at noon today. Day games are the best.
Don't get me wrong I still like watching EPL but competitive balance is never a bad thing.
Any #jquery ninjas here ? are hiring - come talk to me, , or
Kenny Cooper!!!
"What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight, but the size of the fight in the dog." – Dwight D. Eisenhower
it all depends on how I feel musically lol
i hope u lost $
Can't wait to watch the new
I love cover bands.
Can't wait to see you either! Safe travels getting here.
Boasted chicken. Hrumph.
RT if you're not Austin's fan because instead you're a Mahomie.
so sorry!
Not getting to spend anytime with my mom today makes me sad :(
Due to inclement weather conditions, the OVS B’nai Mitzvah Prep Program on January 12 & the OU4U dinner on January 13 have been cancelled.
RIP Donna Summer
My first love
JUST HAVIN SO MUCH FUN SINGING
We should be promoting social on air, not just home page.
The attractive face you pull just before a sneeze..
thanks again for that tasty lunch w/chef robert. Ill come see you soon. Happy holidays!
You know you work with Nerds when you get company wide emails about Magic the Gathering.
Unhappy manifestation of spring: black sugar ants swarming inside the top of the honey container. Blergh.
Lol that shit was the funniest RT : I'm bout to put sumn on you so cold
MY dad looks like his car they are both big and fat and have an evil GRIN xD
by youth, do you mean 9 yr olds who don't know what a car payment is yet?
God is sending someone into your life that says "do all that is in your heart, I am with you" (1 Sam 14:7)
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst and consultant! His work is unparalleled!
You knew,bitch,I was a snake
All tax paying, law abiding U.S. CITIZENS should be entitled to the same civil rights, regardless of who they choose to love.
#OneThingYouShouldntDo Is Sleep Down Stairs Alone Wit The Window Open lol
come to omaha!
RT : ITS TAKES TWO TO ARGUE SO SHUT UP AND LET PEOPLE YELL WITH THEM SELF U WILL GET MUCH FURTHER THAT WAY TRUST ME
Did you see him review the 3 pt'r with CJ? He's happy for his teammates.
lol could be hot then
Rad! We raised $750 in the raffle!!! Thank you to all the ticket buyers and businesses that donated! You rock!
Reminder to drink just enough, but not too much. You will know it when you feel it.
you dont know me but thanks for being so sweet and kind, God Bless you sweet purple ninja <3
what up with that? Hate it,they tried that at rupp couple years ago
The color purple never gets old
What's good on tv
wow really that's F'd up lol
would love to - back in town next week if you are around
THANKS! Gonna be huge!
I'll follow only because you asked like that.
Chick in my twitter feed jus posted her gps. I'm two blocks down from it and I randomly added her. Haha
Hey, thanks for listing me!
They have the power to get the folks to groove! RT : Black Joe Lewis and the Honeybears are making a bunch of white people dance.
“I get high, I gravitate, Weezy F. Baby, b-tch, the F is for Fascinate.” -LilWayne #RacksFreeStyle (=
Let me know if you want to do dinner or lunch one day!
Was @ Meat Market on SoBe watching Ludacris being good-natured as parents harassed him seeking pix of the rapper with kids. Bad form Miami!
what section are you!?
BEFORE SEX; u help each other get naked. AFTER sex; u only dress yourself. Moral of the story, in life, no one helps u once ur fucked!!!
Clearly, the officials have been bribed.
Dear radio, is it necessary for you to play a song I like when I arrive at my destination?
Free screenings this week: Act of Valor, Wanderlust, 21 Jumpstreet, Gone and Dr. Seuss The Lorax
That's about what I was hoping for, too.
You know when your expecting something to pass by so fast, it actually goes by so slow.. /:
Happy Belated birthday !!! #TeamBreezy I love you hope you had an amazing birthday <3Cant wait for your next tour to come to NY!
Got to sit behind the camera today... I learned so much
Thought f time he wasted doing unimportant things with important people
Who likes fantasy Baseball? huh, huh? Cause we do!
Feelings fluctuate! But today and tomorrow and everyday after that; just know you are a winner!
I Love My New Math Class., The Kid Next To Me Gets So Excited About Math. Yeah Love Ya Mark.
THANKS FOR ANSWERING MY CALL ..I NEEDED HELP ON MY PAPER
maybe u need to stop dating women without their own careers.. S/O to ladies with GOALS
Not just sort by brand/price (brand centric).How about user centric options:sustainability #sortbysustainability or cause involvement
Unfortunately not :(
Who eats scrambled eggs with cheese and tuna?
getting ready to post the Twitter lesson tonight...
Twitter Contest for our LCC Members tonight! STAY TUNED....
Who's ready to #ThunderUp? No tickets? We know of a few places....
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter i hated it. then i became a mahomie, & met cool people. now, i'm addicted.....
wtfru ? dstmmd. (I'm not crazy, just in love)
duhh! Get on my level. I want to be her!
In case you didn't know, Lewis Black is doing Hilarities Dec 21-23. Tix unavailable online, but I was able to order them by calling.
Heard on Steve is the man
No wonder why the Koch-Heads are so hated! If that idiot has the personality of them, we can see why! Condescending troll.
I didn't realize that 65 degrees is considered boiling hot in an office. Guess thats why GayJesus has his personal fan on full blast
I like how he just called me w/ a whole fickin attitude
Have you been calling me ??
Open late! Sandwich Emporium Clairemont will open till 10:00pm on Fridays and Saturdays starting on March 2.
overwhelming myself with way too many things at once
If your gonna tweet the exact same thing he tweeted yesterday, then just retweet...
Expect the worst. Hope for the best.
thanks so much for following! :-)
I swear it feel like I haven't seen my Cha Boobie in years smh. I'm sad
Lol. It's my favorite face. That's how I look when I smile. Lol.
Online & Offline organizers must think like entrepreneurs to navigate obstacles & maximize resources in order to create change. Blackroots11
Want a creative way to fundraise for a cause or a nonprofit? Contact us about our "pay-for-performance" fundraisers!
still a possibility
See I do it everyday but don't want to become obsessed with the number, if that makes sense.
that's definitely not true! You know about all those housewives...
I definitely will!
Wish you were in #STL to join us for #CitizenBiotech for some #DIYbio and
thick voltage
Completely agree, surprised by failure to include Family Tree DNA (probably bigger database than most of the others combined)
oh, yay! congrats to the whole family!
At #SWDet everyone was all amped about the Social Network soundtrack song, I'm trying to code to the soundtrack today, we'll see wuthaps.
well i wont be first thats forsure.
Thanks for the #TT follows. Have a great week.
Anyone willing to be a station captain for #nopantsaz on Jan 9th? Also need some photo and video help. Yell if interested!
so tight I'm gonna use some #3d printing in my effects. Mark me
Good morning (: & have a fantastic day!
Go back to where you came from
thanks for the RT
#DidYouKnow?: "U.S. adults ranked 12th among 20 high income countries in composite #literacy."- #Edu Testing Services
TREE INFO-Trees have real monetary value based on appraisal process used by realtors, jewelers, ect. Of course they give us oxygen too!
I think you mistook me for someone who is legitimately upset that they canceled a shitty TV show.
My email got hacked. Fucking assholes -.-
what are potential expotential possibilities of sharing systems thinking dimensions more widely?
I feel like I'm working inside of a skill saw.
#WickerPark / #Bucktown art nerds likely spotted tonight for their opening, then flat iron artists building for First Friday!
This feels like Game 3, #Celtics should be up by more than 6. #Hawks lurking
. Rep King looked very uncomfortable talking about prostitutes & saying "men will be men"
ya and of course in stuck at monticello for work an cant do ramp class. This sucks!
What is going on out there...why are my ears ringing??!?!? I had nothing to do with any of it!!!
These lips can't wait to taste your skin
awesome - three percent is still a lot - and it'll only grow - good to be on the front end of that
Here's hoping Baton Rouge experiences a huge spike in gas prices very soon!
": I'm finna snuggle with my bb dawl tonight" why do I hangout with lesbians...
One of the best features of this HTC Wildfire case is the fact that it has been designed keeping in mind the phone with great precision.
Dear chocolate commercials nobody eats chocolate in slow motion, their eyes close then making a big yum at the end Sincerly Normal People
Yes. Ill Be Gone By 10:30.
The only person who wouldn't consider trading melo after this is James Dolan.
happy thanksgiving....
I got you homie,thanks.
ha ha ha ha its my birthday
An open mind leaves a chance for someone to drop a worthwhile thought in it--author unknown
I've tried to not curse as much lately, but Penn State, fuck you for letting McQueary keep his job.
cause they aint men!
LMAO Ebony is so mean to Kaylad, poor english pastrie.
You didn't get four candy canes like glenn coco?
Art Show Tonight @ 7pm featuring local artist, Angie Gagnon. $1 off drinks from 7 to close.
I'm waving at you right now!!!
Every finish line is the beginning of a new race.....
you had a heart attack?
Toys for Tots donations accepted in Albuquerque and Santa Fe through Dec. 17
#FF the best young talent in the wld
Shutterfly is looking for Director of search marketing to lead a team and PPC efforts! Let me know if you are interested. Based in redwood…
You are not as fat as you think. The video I'm listening to is making me laugh. I really needed this.
I'm in my house. :D
you guys are great
"And bones of woven skeletons wrapped around us like arms of our lovers."
Well, it's quite possible I won't be able to wait to watch Mad Men. I may cheat a bit!
Like I'm trying to concentrate . And I can't.
I entered the SUPERFAN Sweepstakes to meet the because #IMASUPERFAN ! www.discovery.com/mythbusters
R.I.P Blair... 5 whole years smh...
Yes I am! I aged out in 2004!
Hon Veasey: Public thinks judges know their campaign contributors; blind committee is anachronism
Happy Mother's Day to one of my favorite Lady Vols
When we educate and empower women, we help to eliminate poverty.
MT “: signed The Kathleen A Mathias Chemotherapy Parity Act into law today! Making Maryland Number 18!”
We start serving Mother's Day Brunch in about 45 minutes...just enough time to shave, shower, pick Mom up and head this way!
Too bad :( If all goes well, I'm sure we'll have more!
Ladies and Gentlebeards, my dreams have come true. performed with Jack Black.
and don't forget to follow me!!! :)
Had a great conversation with even tho it was really embarrising. :D
So there is no golf being shown on TV from the Masters until this afternoon?
Why am i dying to live if im just living to die?
I need to get a REAL job soon.
So many out-of-towners whining on FB about #acllotto. It's AUSTIN City Limits people. The lotto is free. And we support local businesses!
why do you care? Oh yeah, Tebow beat your Steelers. Best game I've ever been to. I take TT over elway, manning anyday
rad! the key to public music is to keep it chill without rolling too far into elevator "muzak"
why are you in such a hurry? It's not like you are working or anything. :) j/k (kisses)
never :) but text me cause im gettin off twitter
Dayum shame...some females dont have nothing to do but hate #geturswaggup cause im not gone lose no sleep over u lmbo
Are you being serious?! Lol (: I wish I was /:
the man on the ledge was great so unexpected
Ride the Roosevelt island sky tram at 59th street. It flies over the river and is scary.
just go for it! Ranel the security guy is nice half of the time lol
An off day for the #Brewers today-talking concerns at the top of the lineup and the middle man in the rotation.
Maroon 5 type of day
“: I may start a drinking game with hw involved to keep myself motivated”
Uecker would do about as well as the entire #Brewers offense these last three games.
it was unreal i'm so depressed to be back :'(
Thanks for following
Welcome Let's come together here and make South Florida a nation of titles. It is our time.
Oh no way, Jose! I'll turn right back around...NEED music to keep my feet movin'
I know she can use the business, and I prefer that store to nearby "Ocean Garden," which I call the "organs in buckets" grocer.
MC Scouting's NYC model apartment is now open! Pictures coming soon!!
Old people budged in line making my carry-on the first to be checked at the gate.
All Porsche Show at Triple X Rootbeer Drive-In - The Seattle Times
Its funny how in san antonio, lakers fans run there mouth over 1 win. then the spurs turn around & whoop there ass & they get all butt hurt
yeah it was upsetting he didn't make it back home even after he was ready to go back...
Hawaii is the only coffee producing state.
I'm watching and crying with <3
CPD is not in the pocket of Rahm like Bloombergs army. Rahm is in the doghouse w CPD.
I was just looking at that. Just trying to get my .com from some real estate dude. Who knew there were that many Jason Burns?
Ok, now everyone go home and watch my fellow UD ACC alum on Jeopardy Tournament of Champions tonight.
Dang! We are out of sync!
R.I.P Heavy D!! His Last Tweet "Be Inspired", WOW!!!
think more and more about the crazies who see the earth and world as we know it ending in one day. really?
I understand importance of census since im in TVadv but just thought it was a waste of paper send 2 say it will b coming.
I can
aww feel better. back pain sucks. I need to start reading again. I love it.
really?? That'd ridiculous wats it saying?
oh they are most definitely not kosher!
going to sephora to buy a proper pink eyeshadow thank you very much.
Hi there. *Smiles sweetly.*
Look at how many unborn children are being blown all over tramp stamps
It's officially time for
Very cool! You'll be the laser expert in class. ;-)
lol yea I kno like wat else do I have to do with my life
old #theoffice on netflix. S/O to damon for getting me hooked on it again
Went ice skating with the homies now sleep over with the besties.
Haha! That's amazing. Sounds like a cool mom.
“: Yoyo u all have to download this app Qwips. Its awesome. They are sponsoring the espn mag party in Indy. Check it out yo”
Wow, the Rangers absolutely destroyed the Red Sox tonight, 18 to 3!
We have a WINNER! The lucky guy is Tony Askin! Tony, please come by the restaurant with an ID and we'll gladly give you the prize!
SPRING HAS ARRIVED! Contact us so your dog can have a Spring Break Escape/Adventure too! Contact us today to guarantee a reservation.
The only time i ever put clothes in my hamper in when they get tomato sauce on them
looks like much more than an injury from the spikes. saw the knee buckle inward a bit.
I believe that is correct!!
Tell em' steve dave is coming to cruces! Road trip!!!
on video games
Audition went great !!!
thank you for following, God Bless you, and thank you for your service to this GREAT country<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8>
“: Hahah has a 7 hour layover in houston going to mexico #coldworld” hey mane idgaf <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Just voted for People's Choice projects #AIA-Oregon - impressive work
I need another shot of you on the rocks, cuz I'm down to my last drop!
very true just picked up the sample from
It is difficult to know at what moment love begins; it is less difficult to know that it has begun
I despise my classes tomorrow. GOD IT'S TAKING FOREVER TO BE MAY 24TH
A Fuck bitches get Money. Pandora juken.
how do you watch a 87 mph fastball go by without swinging??
It's Friday - Happy Friday to all
The state fair is over. Balloon fiesta starts next weekend. I am ready!
Me too!!
we could only agree it has to be big and has to be HD
Finally an explanation for at least one of my six seat changes care of #Delta: different plane. All new seats for everybody. From 20A to 38D
RT The Jets have officially signed 6th round pick, Guard, Robert Griffin. / We're calling him RGGreen, alright guys?! ... Hello?
“: sounds good! I like campbell's creamy tomato!!
I'm out
everrytime im home alone... i think of insidious....
I went on a cool field trip with yesterday to HQ. Thx for the DigiDOC tour and info, and !
Watching the dodger game and I see in the back (: wave hi!
I'm honestly suprised I made junior prom royalty
thanks everyone for the support! Tomorrow Brno, Prague. Hope to see you there!
Sent! Looking fwd to it!
A woman after my own heart.. “: The way to my heart is through breakfast burritos & sushi. Just not at the same time.”
it was good to see you again! We should go to the diner more often! Hahah
thank you and wishing you a wonderful weekend!
Some people just can't accept the fact that you're better off without them.
i need a break!!
Excited to have the lovely Sarah Smith from host this week's #SaturdaySips with free cheese tasting! 12:30-2:30pm Sat.
This morning could be going better. High-stakes presentations? Sure, says the computer, I'll go unresponsive 1st thing in the morning!
are you coaching this year and if so, me and better be team captains. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
My tech crapped out yesterday so I wasn't able to tweet about my little trip to Melrose & Culver city but hoping to play catch-up tomorrow
I have such a bad headache. #timetosleep <U+E13C>
I am thanks. Always here to help if you need me.
As long as there is dope hip hop, there will always be ! Peace all our new followers and constant supporters!
Sometimes I think dumpster divers are the hardest workers. They get up super early, fight off competitors, and work 7 days/wk.
has landed a role....stay tuned
Home tip of the week: Stray ends of nylon rope can be joined by melting the strands together into one rope end.
"A cobra snake entered the children’s house. [With my Nokero] I went inside and killed the snake." Reggina Kasera, Nokero user in Namibia
awesome! RT : The house went back on the market today. Already had one showing.
That's so five years ago of you.
my wife had a 3g, now has a 4s, & my current android has a touchscreen but none compare to even my worst QWERTY for typing
Teen Mom could do a whole season just on the girls in the 315
wats good how u
So, business calls:) #CEO has work to do! :)
God. Why can't all of summer feel like this? I can even see the stars. What a perfect night.
How many people can you actually trust? About 2 huh.
he told me to ask u
Not that it matters, but I don't see how you look at the new logo and think Jay-Z just wants to thug out the team? Ignorance is scary.
follow and please :D x32
Why did you RT that........... did you pick the wrong one? LMAO 8'D
Great Sunday going to bed! Did some work
Come on down to the Rio All-Suites Hotel today for the Vegas Woman 's Expo from 10-5 It's gonna be HUGE and fun!! Come see us!
Check out The Cheer Ambassadors. Great story about Thailand's 1st place finish @ the 2011 Cheerleading World Championships
Guess I should make sure my calendar is free...I'd really like to see more "craft beer" events here :)
yes!!! and I just signed up the family for summer reading :) Gotta pick out some books for them today!
Welp, I have learned to never book a 6:15am flight again. Also I want to throw my phone out the window. See you at 10pm, NYC.
Robin Hood: Men In Hartmut's Face
That was a good ball game! :)
So all of a sudden JaVale McGee can play basketball? Where was this when he played for the #Wizards?
#JDaddyFact Justin Bieber doesn't like girls who wear Uggs RT if you don't wear uggs.
what we do?... what you did. thank you
amen bro
“: Thank you! Have a great one!” always!!!
I really wish we could kill everyone's souls. Then life would be Easy! Existing seems so much simpler.
Happy new year to everyone now it's time for football come on
"There's no I in team, and neither is there a U"
There are people who think that everything one does with a serious face is sensible. Georg Christoph Lichtenberg (1742 - 1799)
bummer :/ did he replay any interviews last night?
“: is that new?”. Always on the upswing in the land of Martin!
I don't want to follow Ryan Seacrest twitter! Talking dildos don't impress me.
well as long as you like it ;) so what do you like to do for fun? When your not working and on the social media websites lol!
I wanna travel to the motherland of africa and run with the lions, then fly to cambodia and pray with the most annointed monks
A good nap changes my entire perspective on life! Love being stuck somewhere between #realism and an #optimism. Life is good today!
Well, Valentine's Day is over, so we're no longer allowed to express our affection for one another. Instead, come register to win an iPad.
A passion of nerds? Wish I could be there!
How do the professors who use laser pointers resist pointing them at the students? ...Maybe that's why I'll never be a professor.
Sigh* Apartment searches lead to awkward texts this evening with shady agencies. Cc
New pretty hair! Thanks !
I can't stop smiling
don't forget to DM us your address today for your FREE tshirt
I've stopped working on the theme and have put more effort into creating a usable architecture for LMS plugins.
And I love it <3
Earn income by sharing a product everyone can use. You’re not selling SKINNY. You’re creating HEALTHY LIFESTYLES each day. ‘Go Green’ at...
got to make that money
FOLLOW ME PLEASE(: x3
There is truly something magical about children's laughter!
There should be a moment where #MeAndYou just be alone....
well, arent you just adorable
pic or it didn't happen :)
Program session on How the Humanities Help Us Understand Economic Behavior begins #ACLS2012 (1/3)
Feels like earthquake weather...
Can you pleasee come make me some soup? Im home sickk from school & I dont feel like it:)
I also want to live in Plainfield </3
Can anyone explain to me what the big deal is with Instagram? What is it for?
They didn't check my Jesus credentials ;-)
In class on time for the first time and ready lol
Today was the first day of spring 2012...it's been/going to be a great year
wait ... You mean that tweet didn't get published? Great time for a fail whale! GT will miss Leeann and Katy v. much!!
I would love it. We have like no free time though haha
Same goes for Walker. No track record of anything. He wouldn't even get hired at most jobs without college degree.
99% of the time I'm sarcastic. This was not one of them.
I want to see Avengers, Batman, Skyfall (huge Bond fan and the Craig ones have been so good!), Hobbit, and Gatsby. You?
damn you got swag! Fresh
Wishes All branches of the Collective a Happy New Year!
any details?
Dude, make that happen and pour a little for your homeys at DEV.
goal by Richardino and we are tied again at 8-8 in #MISLChampionship game
hey don b mean im 1 of them (bu it will b krazy all da girls in our school r not nature welcome)
Music at the Market this Saturday at 9 am!!! Can't wait to hear Shannon Branch!!!
could have been better for me...but I'm glad you had a great day!
Customer service is education
So excited to be writing new material!
which video did you see the one of them in the club dancing
banana sticker 2 you!
The most exhausting thing in life is being insincere.-- Anne Morrow Lindbergh
#143143 Q-if u had to choose between Minny or Nickey(Nick n Mikey) which one would u chose?
I <U+2665> the hunger games canz't wait 2 watch it with
Love that Cate Blanchett's cover of the Economist is NOT photoshopped. What a breath of fresh air. I hope this will start a trend!
Veterans Champion endorses in #CA52 over Shows Lori is no USMC Brat, just plain 'ol brat.
Thanks for the RT!
Former Bedford County officer convicted of eluding - Roanoke Times
I love working on same project as 3 other people and being the last to push my changes. And by that I mean, I hate my life
Worst day of my life. he just killed me i swear .
Hm indeed!
Figured. Seems like there is net coverage even in the Himalayas these days, lol.
We're settled in for the long haul. Knitting a scarf for one of our Rescuers.
Trust me, that money will get blown. Jessica will pull an Anna-Nicole Smith, and the kid will be left with nada. Sweet justice.
Spent 3 hours yesterday helping Maddy and friend with Rube Goldberg machine. Current prob: mousetraps make it go too fast.
Dr. Annulis speaking at 9 AM at MS Society of Certified Public Managers Conference at the IP casino in Biloxi, MS. Topic: Change Leadership.
Happy Mother's Day! ~Natasha
yea! Here till 4
Who are the geniuses that designed the I-94 "detour?" It was like being stuck in one of Dante's Circles of Hell.
it really is! Im just curious to know how in the hell that came up tho, like its bling bling baby, wait what? Bling, bling?
Yes she has.
I've been good just doing me You?
thnx chinkarino i actually look good in a pic for once
Exactly one week from yours: Feb. 8! Heading down to New Orleans to celebrate!
she's wonderful! Thank u for asking dangerous!
Watching men walk on frozen water while using sticks to put black cylinders into a sideways basketball hoop. Interesting.
Sometimes it's a form of love just to talk to somebody that you have nothing in common with and still be fascinated by their presence
"NCAA basketball fans are the most digitally connected, followed by NBA fans." Bret Werner (Catalyst) discussing 2011 Fan Engagement Study
Come on heat !
Just out here in the playoffs .. You finished in Venezuela ??
"Man that guy got major neck in his day"
they're amazing for that! What band's do you usually see?
Ever wonder what a day in the life of Midtown Detroit, Inc President, Susan Mosey is like? 'sDetroit is going to show you at the...
No matter how famous you get, there will always be somebody who doesn't have a clue who you are. And why should they?
- Tottaly agree with you there, Robinson was the wrong pick, that's why he stole Castell from WVU for Ariz..
Llegar de mal humor y que estén dando #Friends me la subió!
Wishbone is my lifeblood, man.
pumped for the screening of Bernie with Jack Black. Hopefully, i won't sleep through this one.
*When the boys come to Pittsburgh next year* Liam: Pittsburgh, you were wonderful.." Louis:Pittsburgh fans talk funny" Zayn: Pittsburgh (c)
Odds that a team trades up to get RG3 at 2 spot so Vikes can get Kalil?
Awww now that is love, A mans best friend for sure ;)
can't get enough strawberry cheesecake
Already checked in. Boom
Really/: well at least I can talk to you on Twitter <3 :)
omg duh its akward wth was she thinking it was supposed to be like? Enjoyable?!?! lol
yahh..for 2 weeks with my family..In Boracay..:)) i heard that place is so beautiful..
everything i said in that song was real.
Sitting with and Emily, playing funbrain. Oh, time for math.
too bad the #DMV doesn't produce lovers lol
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY! Maybe a good day to go buy a better water filter. Whether you have an inbuilt one in your fridge; on your tap; or sta…
Good morning! Have a blessed day!
I hate everything about today...it's okay though because tomorrow I'm going to see , , and !
The most feared words in baseball: Here's Jim Knox.
Why aren't you following me? :(
Told my wife-to-be that I'm marrying her out of irony.
Should I continue watching Judge Dredd?
If anyone knows anyone renting a room in Fort Collins for this summer/maybe longer. Hit me up!
Hi Nick, long time but I definitely agree with your concept of time with wine. Great wines evolve as you well know!
Love to serve clients with another long night of fun projects. Work hard weekdays so play hard weekends. ;-)
Got a demo of the new product, running all on AWS. UI, the back end, all coming together nicely. exciting times ..
the cabin in the woods.lol.its insane&hella creepy.omg.WATCH EEEET.
True. But the world also needs more artists. Period.
And UK set a new NCAA men's Division I record for most wins in a single season with 38.
love you!!!
Please go brown at home!//RT : #Browns spoksmn said team still discussing 2012 home jersey color
Great idea=) Do you live in Colorado Springs?
lol...its your fault
That's the most excited I've gotten in a long time! GO HUSKIES! #VAB2011 Wow!
Well this just ruined my day.
I'm about halfway through CLASH OF KINGS by and the suspense is killing me. This series is so freaking good.
I'm thinkin maybe I can't have relationships.
Collecting toys for Stuff A Bus, I'm at Nino Salvaggio Hall rd Clinton Twp, SO FUN-come help the kids www.963wdvd.com
never said i was a fan? i'm not into short ugly puppy dogs, just sayin =)
Just because my brother's girlfriend is missing a leg, she gets to board the plane first. It's like, life is so unfair.
Annoying - I need something from the Apple store that has noting to do with an iPad. Wonder when the crowds will die down...
hi girl
a whole group of teen patrons just told me they love me, in a non snarky/sarcastic way. must be doing something right!
Hey everyone - our full length, "Keeping Time" has just been released in Australia by Fuse Music!
Open your eyes and look around you. Be thankful for what you have, and not angry for what you don't have. You are more fortunate than u know
Just think how buff you'll be when #winter is over though!
iPhone tweet. Boom
you know steve's got the whip dawg.
She's old. She and Uncle Louis don't have much money, so she takes things from around the house and gives them away as presents..great movie
consume that bottle of wine and get your booty over to our apartment!
14 years we known each other and there is never a day I regret it , I love you bestfriend (:
I keep multiple lists so that I can enjoy making check marks next to & cross items off my list more than once #ocd anyone?
your welcome.
Abdul-Jaleel's lawyer says victim's family wants Youthful Offender status but probation didn't consult them.
: awh want me to make you a big o bowl of homemade soup buddy?
Who the FUCK are you thoughhhg
Way too hot in here for me to go to sleep. It would help if I got rid of my winter comforters -.-
Ugh!!! Uon know nun bout me!! !CHARLIE!
Hope u are having a great week x
Drinkin' wine and smoking hookah like a boss.
A true inspiration.
proud of my girl!
"A Merry Christmas to us all. God bless us, every one." - Tiny Tim
Suuuuuuuuuuuuppppppeeerrrrrrr.. #sonics Very impressed with Chris Hansen and we better not screw up a sweet deal like this
Sipping on some cranberry and vodka.
On this Good Friday, envision the Savior on the cross, bloodied and cast in shadows. Listen as heaven whispers: For you, my child. For you.
are you or are you not going to be a EyeCon???
Heard somebody knocking on my window
It's going to be a little while. Drummer got hired away by an airline, so we're getting our new one ready. March 10th at Dans
Join Paul Teller, executive director of the U.S. House of Representatives Republican Study Committee (RSC) at SPA drop-in advising today.
Appreciate the follow! Thanks.
Congrats! That is awesome!
can u even go one day without nutella? Haha lol have a good day vinny! Plz follow
I hear that. I love the app & have been using it since it came out. Still using boxcar for push notifications though
#FF Detroit insiders
Milwaukee is stuck in 82
Thanks for the recommendations!
Saw on facebook that you're going to be reading some Sowell books. I've read and own both Black Libs and Intellectuals. Good stuff!
#ireallymiss my daddy.... tears
I need to hire an interior designer. Anyone available to lend their services?
ok just making sure ;)
I live 3 blocks away, so I use the office when I need serious focus. Keeps me sane.
Liberty is useless if you're not healthy enough to exercise it.
That was a Fab line lol n my rap bag “: Wow that was harsh RT : Niggas sleepin on me hope u die n ya sleep”
From afar, as someone completely removed, he admired the sheer audacity of Bennett's takeover.
Wacky ending to the #Brewers game, but they manage to pull out a win!
Uh, wow : #didyouknow Chicago's concierge make almost 5 million referrals/year?
is OFFICIALLY in Business come down and get your waxing, manicure/pedicure service 50% off.
Thank you to for having me on the show tonight
hahaha y'all are some triflin goons
hm I might have to! I go home Thursday, so I'll see what I can do!!
About to eat then hit the gym! Don't forget to check me out opening for K-Jon 1/16/11 @ Mr. G's in Chicago!
omg. pigs. they should never be in the "food i like to eat" section. not nice. EAT GRASS. NOT PIGS.
i thought they both compromised that way
Discovered a great tool this week to create and capture valuable information on relationships... www.gist.com
It feels like a summer morning outside!!
Damn bro, People send me their videos all the time... They're normally wack AF, But this is dope..
if your awake... tweet me..baby I'm sorry..
He Want That Cake !
in my 8 years, I have yet to see anybody sick because of motion sickness
I've been really starting to love me the
I'm watching Cabin in the Woods. Shit better live up to the hype.
We are choosing another winner.
He does. I wish I could have made it to your place :(
Damn it. Did a really cute waiter from Saint Mark's actually show his interest in me while I am leaving in 2 days?? FUCK MY LIFE.
Great! Thanks for confirming back. I will be sure to bring this to the attn of our engineers! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
i hope you know I'm not jokingg. Hahaha.
yes you were at Bellas sitting by the window
awww thanks! I feel very honored.
I been watching gdla for a while, this is the most embarrassing show this show is horrible, Is Really Murdock? are you watching this
I had only been 1 time before - what a huge park! I think it might be free this time of year, too. We just paid for a canoe permit.
Yeah. Mackenzie's game is at six = I'll be there at six
Of course not. Everything starts in NY. We all know this.
Thanks for the warm welcome. Little known fact: insanity is my home state. We'll get along fine. ;)
just fine mam, thanks :-) and yourself?
The best things to hold on to in life is each other. ~ Audrey Hepburn
Thank you for the RT sir. I really appreciate it.
Thanks ... send me a link to the info!
We've had a great time at Educause this year. We look fwd to implementing the feedback we received about ripple. Big news soon!!!
DM me :p
So it's not actually "scheduled maintenance"?
I have to fake a laugh, I have to fake everything is okay, when its not, I sit and wonder everyday what I did wrong
Y'all here Americans better tune in about #STUPID IN AMERICA.... better wake up people this is so true... :))
Where I'd like to be right now...
Ready to create real success in your business and your life? Find out what everybody else is doing and do the opposite.
THANKS YUP ALL MY FOLLOWERS MAKING #NUELIPHE AS BIG AS IT NEEDS TO BE!
wasn't that awesome? :) TGI...Thursday
I want to take a sexy picture of you... Then meme it.
ok I'm losing count of how many times i've met LOL
Until you've known what I've been through, you have no right to judge me...
“: yea bro it goes hard! Are u in the city? I want the track in hand. Working on this mixtape” I'm on my way to the top
Matt Damon said he would kiss George W Bush (on the mouth 3 seconds, no tongue) for his efforts on AIDS relief. No reaction from GWB...yet
One of and I's favorite things to do is get nachos from Target. Weird huh?
I'm going to assume this is not in reference to my father. Ha was it Mark?
LOL that's us
wat u up too
You know what song doesn't get enough respect? "Don't go breaking my heart," that's what. woo-hooo nobody knows it
Just sent you a party invite via Linkedin...
hey Spike I just wanted to stop by and say thanks for everything this past weekend. It was very much appreciated. God bless
RT : If you think you're too small to have an impact, try going to bed with a mosquito in the room. - Anita Koddick
I know what you mean on school nights I get like 2-3 hours of sleep if that! It sucks:(
The wave of democratic protest in the ME is soon to rock Pakistan and Kashmir: that's when we will see a truly new geography of democracy!
Are you a little blue about your green? The folks can fit fun into your budget! See our newest link www.bayareaonthecheap.com/
Losing sleep because your spouse is #snoring? Call us today - we can help! 412-681-6400
Hey girll (; I wanna play tennis or pickle ball today <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00BE>
i am too! :) what will you study?
Even though the word "Trill" makes me wana shoot myself in the face, Trilla by Asap is pretty dope <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
can't wait to hear it Z.
Finalizing revisions to a research paper manuscript. Do no disturb sign is on. Be back in a few hours.
Open please
Perhaps instead of trying rename by way of predicate nominative, "Standardized tests are nonsense," we move to "nonsensical."
speaking abt empathy & great branding of Match Book's work w/ turnaround schools
now also might be a good time to mention that I have a plushie, knit beanie, and a t-shirt for squints.
My internet is up and down... why can't it just be up?
Don't forget that you can also play WPT Texas Hold 'Em on Nintendo DSi! Download it now at the Nintendo DSi shop!!
Physical fitness is not only one of the most important keys to a healthy body, it is the basis of dynamic & creative intellectual...
it's apparent how he died, but the idea of her presence being gone is just heartbreaking
I wonder what he doing lol yea I miss him but I'm not telling him
I've been in such a good mood today. #CouldGetUsedToThis :)
Know what I like lately? Crullers.
when you tryna to do this tomorrow
Although apps may be eventual, a phone conversation prevents "Lost In Translation"
Huge Hudson Valley Lax rivalry. RT Final. Yorktown has the Murphy Cup for another year 14-10 final.
snow...melting...kinda...
World Class goal by Llorente..
Back in Cincinnati until New Year's Eve. Looking forward to another extended weekend. Playing some EQ2 and chillin w/family.
When You Show Love You Get Your Heart Broke...
Hello, sir. My name is Jake. I would like to know who is: Totes?
I am the only LA based Armenian promoter that is doing weekly events. Hard to be Armenian in this business, but I am doing it
you could go around singing "Johnny Verbeck" at them. That might scare them off. and would remind you of sausage making.
DJ Johnny D says "Hello" The Party Zone is on 101.3 KDWB
Nice to meet you yesterday. I imagine I'll be seeing you around and good luck on your application for graduate school!
No, no it is not good. Hopefully can recover the data needed. Game data is safe, but blog data may not be.
Yes to that! Hope we can collaborate on a super event sometime soon.
Shout out to , , , Thanks for for following! :D
There's a difference between being two faced and not liking someone, yet respecting them.
Bottom of the 14th inning here at the McKethan Stadium in #Gainesville. #Gators and #Bulldogs tied at 2 each.
are the going to be sold?
#MagicCity looks awesome.
looking for a Cognos Developer with BI and EP experience
on a scale of 1 to 10 how much do you think you fans support me ... & will u follow me
It's funny when ppl are drunk the truth really does come out.
any thoughts on being built on the zend framework regarding it's unacceptably slow performance?
ahahahaha ur funny . im so gonna kill u in that water balloon fight . u asked for it . never say that again , ewwww !
we will be Grand Prix Body Building, fitness, figure & Bikini Championship Oct 29 @ Douglas High School Contact 918.9
Looking forward to your concert tonight - my last tweet gave credit to an Oregon Symphony. Ops. Play on!
Definitely a foul. Need 1 TA
You know what else is a rad show? The River!
I wasn't talking about regional accents- Nevadans get to choose the correct pronunciation of their state.
Feeling a little jealous of the east coast heat wave. It's a bit chilly in Milwaukee for an outdoor event.
tomorrow is HAFCDEBG fellas
enjoy your run.
ugh my phone is being ghetto and died! i just emailed your UofA account. EMAIL ME BACK! we were mid convo!
TY for following! Hope u enjoy our tweets.
Your site went down right at midnight. 2am EST here.
ugh that sucks
wow,,,,what is the cheesiest pick-up line I've ever heard? Damn...where do I begin...ahh
I'm doing well. How are you, Ben? Anything exciting going on?
Ace ventura > lol this movie is so funny
Wood/Castillo the only two I see. And Chulk for the Brewers
I know right it looks so reall... and sadly I have not this is going to suck :-(
It's a win win for me.
Truer words.
A BIG THANKS to #LPGA Pros , , and for yesterdays great clinic for the First Tee of Portland!
A picture speaks a thousand words. A photoshoped picture speaks a thousand lies.
ok , so u can add me , its ammylove26
Hi, Riptide!!RT : Start your weekend off right by catching the Tides the their homestand finale! First pitch vs.Indy is @ 7:15
miss u come over I gotta go buy shoes!
Thanks so much Eric. Hope you are doing great!
You know I've never actually watched this series. I'll give it a try this season.
The whole foods taco bar is of the chain!
I wonder how RAS practices when no coaches are around. Based on this article, they probably go hard, push each other, and play D.
Happy Friday!
showing you some twitter love, since clearly I fail at texting. found your postcard today, thx again for the thoughtful note
All is absolutely Marvy here. ^_^ How are you doing, Sweetie?
found it! It slipped under my seat. ...
three times today! 10 hour workday + 3.5 hour rehearsal will do that to you. Thanks for the pick me ups!
Good news! Thanks
When you fall for personality, everything about them becomes beautiful too <3
uh-uh. My trap be open. Don't like it, don't listen to it
Getting my day started early today. Excited for a good day after a great morning!
Spotify seems to have a better 'platform' and dev community, but rdio works in a web browser (which has its advantages)
Some very big shows coming up here very soon! Be ready for announcements!!!!!!
Gentlemen ~ & ~ Thank you for your kindness.
so grade 1 is equivalent to our kindergarten?
I freaking love derek ! Oh my god . Sexy <3
I wonder if I could be famous for doing absolutely nothing? Hmm.. I'll try. Wanna help?(; <3
i love logic!
Dark Knight Rises AND The Hobbit trailer in the same week?!? Thanks Santa, I don't need anything else for Christmas this year.
Thanks to all who came to tonight's opening of 's SAD VAMPIRE COMEDY HOUR, you were a great audience!
awesome! Some of my ideas were to get a company to sponsor some type of gifts.for
Tomorrow im going to be studying biology a whole bunch on my free time.!
must go read description :D
Lamar Odom dated a girl with harry nipples. Eww
Don't forget to download the latest copy of the server to go with Remote Conductor 1.1 - the keyboard won't work without it.
no i didn't have to say it....besdies if your followers hated you they wouldn't be following you...and i've been good hbu?
' check out an audio book from the library
it wont lemme follow the person i cnt find the profile
Anything can become an "addiction".
EEk! Don't remind me. I've gotten to run once since I've been here.
Where will YOU be on Saturday 4/21 for ?
Tonight we have open mic from 6-9:30 - we have been seeing some great new talent every week!
#nowplaying Captain Blood - Chunk! No Captain, Chunk!
Speaking engagement tonight...a pocket full of cough drops and I was good to go.
I just think consoles need bigger HDDs before we can take full advantage of it. Then I'd use it a lot more.
Kista Tucker Dance, Inc. is seeking 8 dancers to perform “Snow” Fri 5/4 For info email .
Life is like a box of condoms. no matter which one you pick you're gonna get fucked ;]
where ave u been this series? Did u take a potty break when he scored 20secs on clock? Cuttin the lead to 2?
We love you too! RT : I love you guys! Your bands ROCK! And it's the best on town! Kick ass!
His view of gov't sounds like a market conservative when rhetoric is removed. Extreme left meets the extreme right?
yes!! Sounds like a plan!!
Wealth is the ability to fully experience life. -Henry David Thoreau
Its ok ill keep waitin makes me want more
Things I learned at : the one-on-one conversation is the greatest evangelical tool the church has.
U didnt reply my text ,but i saw u online yesterday ! Hahaha . K fml .
I'm listening to "I'm Yours" by Jason Mraz on #pandora Love this #song one of my favorites.
alrightxD I'll buy you one from the swap meet xD
Don't let him have the satisfaction of Knowing you'll always be there waiting
Back in #Miami-Dade after campaigning across Florida in our 5 Day 5 County Tour: #Leon, #Duval, #Orange, #Osceola and #Manatee Counties.
Im watching the newest Ghost Adv. From friday...crying. RIP Melissa <3PINK<3
My outlook on things are changing, but for the better
11:11 wish every. single. day: I wish will follow<U+2665>.
If you're gonna continuously run your mouth about me make sure a.) your facts are correct b.) be prepared for me to have something to say...
If the Texans had Mario Williams and Matt Schaub healthy they'd be Super Bowl favorites...
I'm missing something in my heart!
totally had that convo yesterday at the booth...but I'm too superstitious!!
sounds cool!
W.mwishartpi.com, W.mwishartinvestigations.com is working hard to find the truth for all our clients. Sometimes the truth is hard.
": Met Bill Walton (SD native) at #SCEDC Summit. What an amazing speaker! A Nat'l City native to b precise.
3 am...still not tired with paintball all day tomorrow. Sadly no monster
you're so welcome.
I'm glad he's doing better this morning. <hug> How are you holding up?
Why can't the homeless be more complimentary? If a homeless person held up a sign that said "You're Pretty" I would totally give 5 em bucks.
One of the greatest #TheOffice intros of all-time.
Lit. PhDs wrack up twice as much debt as those in science and engineering, and we don't even need particle accelerators.
RT : I expect other social networks AND aggregators that mine groups of social networks to enter the healthcare fray.
*needs a beer*
“: dew*” actually, we're both wrong. It's hairdo. ;)
If she's bummy tho it's only one reason, I haven't done laundry.
Man, I've been waiting for this. Hagadone is nails. Hope they keep him up.
Just need to start hitting shots. Not even that many RT Sixers play winner of Celtics-ATL. Could see them winning that series
it's like Melrose Place here, except we only interact by blasting music, and there's no pool. So not really like Melrose Place...
I'm loving #Teenwolf just started watching it on
Why is emily stalking my tweets -_-
Sorry to hear you're leaving #MWRC12 - was good to meet you in person. Safe travels!
“: i invented a chicken carbonara canneloni the other day. BS I gave my Italian sausage cannelloni last week!!
"Sometimes you just have to let them win, because losing the argument is better than losing them."
aw! haha glad it was a good dream
Love playing cards with my 4 y/o before bed. War is surprisingly fun.
I know this nigga got my message
have you heard anything on the angel montoya case?
Great looking page tomorrow from thanks to our writers and And Wednesday is looking good too...
(1) I think answering a phone interview question about being familiar with something in Firebug by saying "yes actually I have your site
RT : "Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle." ~Plato
I love you & we need to hang out.
(BTW, passing out in the can, is passing out in the "fecal" position)
On a bus and really starting to appreciate the beauty of all the mad, mad citizens of this city.
Really ?! Cee Lo Green
"WARNING" exposure to the SON will prevent you from burning!
I will not settle for peace based on outward circumstances or a particular arrangement in my life.
If you're better today than you were yesterday, you got a pretty good chance of being good tomorrow!
thanks for the follow ;-)
Welcome, Tim! RT : Follow my homie
Yahhhhhh. Sorry. I feel bad.
i would fangurl it would be even better if a started singing call me maybe asdfghjkl
First pre season thrashers game so can't wait goodnight once again
"are you there, vodka?" is seriously one of my favorite books of all time.
I love MW3..
Oh, I've fallen for that one before! RT: Yeah, but we'll make up for that loss with our extreme handsomeness!
now you sound stupid they are bench players for a reason we could survive w/o rose but no deng
So barbers just paint now?
hey, u remember me? i saw u at the cody simpson thing at orland and at austins meet and greet in chicago! :D
i wish it would stop raining on my breakfast -_-
Hm.... nothing better then... Baked turkey meatballs... with Cheese... On toast! :)
RT : What would it be like to spend the amount of money on your food that an average food stamp recipient gets: $1.86 per meal?
To dare is to lose one's footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself. ~Soren Kierkegaard
Vikings should trade back to 5. Bucs move ahead of Cleveland to get Richardson, and Vikings can still get their guy Claiborne at 5.
Hey! Its KC. You should tweet stuff. You get more followers by hashtaging stuff and sending people messages #twitter like tha
Come on my show Lamar!! NWSportsTonight
#barstar yet again; pace VIP :)
#sfGiants game woohoo! Who's going??
How they managed to film the More Than This video without us knowing, i will never know.
Oh they just grow up so fast!! [As you can see, I am currently obsessed with researching dogs. :-)]
Edits for second novel just submitted.
next Thursday lol
Never hide your talent would you hide a gift from God, let it out and show it to all, for the world to see .
Praying this phone works
2 dunks today in practice and a sprained ankle.
NO IM SO SERIOUS
say Uighars (WEE-gurs) out loud and I think you have your answer.
#bracket busted
Life is really good today. Having faith to get to the Wisdom Course this weekend. Cynthia Harris
@ me so I know it's real .
I bought it yesterday :-p When are we playing?!?!
Home again, Home again, jiggity jig. Thank you! See next Market Day!! (Saturday from 8:30 AM to 12:30 PM) Woo!
Is it me or does PA announcer at the Coliseum sound exactly like Bob Sheppard?
watch it
"People work but layoffs don't"
Chopping mall?
He's hurt in the crash
I laughed & don't act like the prude we all know youre not. Also we did pop our St J cherry last night.
brought me a leftover brownie treat you made,after trying it,my coworker is frustrated you aren't selling them.
Who texts people before 8am on Sunday? Who has two thumbs? This guy.
Had a great lunch with today. Mojito is awesome!
add Ball to the list of fantastic L's
shut ya mouth and enjoy my pizza.
Fuck You allergy season!!!.
Thanks for the Follow.
Going to try and get 1000 followers by the end of may
I'm already knowing but you ain't the only one !
Stay strong brother. Sending positive thoughts your way.
I see 20,000 followers in our future. anyone wanna help us get there :-)
WWE Cookies: Fresh From the Oven!
Ok so ima try to make a fan video .. So send ur pic of you in ur mahomie gear lookin fly to
Your food was redistributed to people hungrier than you.
Amost took out 's trash can with my golfcart!! And to think, only three more years until I can drive legally ;)
no problem
only if it was a really good answer!!
Obama won in 2008 because people thought hope & change meant leadership, reaching across the aisle, post-racial politics, & a moderate Pres.
Bumping Love lost by Ms.Amber Cole <3
We've also started our next #ReynoldsburgOH #EstateSale (on location). It will be held March 30-31. Lots of great furniture, household+
hey now...the guys in be brave are our buddies. They are good guys.
Read the preview - this is such an interesting topic Meghan.Excited to hear experts weigh in.
Big brova just pulled up luv dis nigga man he looks out
Any word on the baseball game yet?
8pm in the main room
Let me know when you have an idea of what time you'd like us to arrive!
#DuringSummerIWill have the best fucking time of my life.. #YOLO (;
Thanks for the RTs, and Much appreciated.
I saw the Hopscotch Boys again and lived! Still scared of Blowdog after all these years. Thankfully the Cops were there
on the 950- Sting was so nice! And Great questions guys. Superstars can be people too. Who Knew?
Hey I don't want to see "another angle" of a player nearly breaking their ankle.
Arts Notes, Walnut Creek Journal and Lamorinda Sun
Life is all about ass, You're either covering it, Laughing it off, Kicking it, Kissing it, Busting it, Or trying to get a piece of it.
C-Lo from is on the air now, 7straight hours of nothing but
soo jealous of anyone that has an iphone :( thats one thing I want so bad
no prob bob! Let me know what you think!
Man..... RT : Joel Anthony out scored wade
because i hate the kings???
Thanks! MT I enjoy the posts on your website - as a member of #sportsbiz industry I think it's very insightful!
wow what an amateur
Shove it where the sun don't shine lmao
Thanks alot! See you soon.
Hulkster,ive been a hulkamaniac from your Hollywood Hogan days, nWo days,Mr. America, ect. WWE will never be same w/out u brother
Wise words ... appreciate that.
Thats right.... WE LOVE HIM !!! ": Cause no one likes you ": No Goodnight messages whatevs""
might want to upgrade that email client ;) & should prolly start including a text version...
cause I've got three little words that I've always been dying to tell you.. <U+2665>
That phone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> haha The person im texting <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><U+263A>haha Deep inside <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A> in need of a slushy.
Carinn, you rock my world LOL!! Wanna buy me a present?! LOL!
#Spurs or #Clippers?
I wear weight lifting gloves when I rub my dong.
getting this mohawk hacked
Great for any occasion! Our new #gift #bags make gift giving easier than ever! Over 20 #designs available now
thanks ladies!!!
wait there's more? please be more. we'll give you the $1 for figure twice
lol sure am :)
he should have a puncher's chance in the race. Bejarano is a good fit.
Hope everyone had a great weekend! Off to catch some Z's!
I'm trucking along. Launched a website genrebuds.com still working on it. How have you been? Find a job yet?
Are you available for a long time contract?
sorry I'm not that type of dude
Go to to get some great moccasins & moccasin booties! Wear the booties with shorts, skirt, or dress...So cute :)
Advisory Board meeting today at !
See you next year Lake Powell
I need more followers!
ha I wish!!! I seem to be persona non grata with the male population of the Bus.
What did everyone think of The Oscars last night? Looks like it’s time to watch Hugo and The Artist!
Got in the mail today. Gonna watch it tomorrow but not sure I'll be able to get a review done before TFW.
I think this weekend i will stay in and cuddle <3
you go Glen Coco
Great agency meet & greet today with 90210 Talent. Lovely to meet some of my fellow actors and brainstorm with the team!
Honk if you want to see my finger.
#fridayreads Boy Meets Boy by // beautiful and odd, a treat of a novel as a YA lit class assignment.
Holy sickness. Bleh.
Allergies got me lookin high as a kite
get to Concrete.
Did you meet Kevin Spacey backstage #hhawards ? Ask him to come to the ballroom to meet us little people. ;-)
“Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." Steve Jobs
consider yourself having sex as your daily routine :-)
Guilty as charged with the stories.
Living xl coupon codes
you're jomos girlfriend right?
Its at times like this that really make me miss show choir a whole lot.
Psych is killing me right now
are you a stripper?
Have you hear my music yet...? Check out 5Fold
Do your thing Evan va faire ton workout aux Nets. C'est plus important.
Perfect ending... got in my car at the airport Biggie's "One More Chance" blasting.. Thx u 101.1 for taking me back!
I THINK HE NEEDS TO COME IN MY BED LIKE NOW !
@ jackie cooper nissan
I'm a huge fan! Just wanted to day hi.
#Avis: We Try Harder to make travel even more of a clustercuss for families.
#top100lies me and you its forever
my new background>>>
...uh idk who that is, but i like so thats cool! is that a character from the 2nd book, that i still haven't read?
I had been really been looking forward to your patent editorial and it definitely didn't disappoint. Well done.
I know!! He really is. I want to hug him too! Lol
I would've eaten your steaks Tom and I would bring the beer too. :)
I wish Face Off focused more on working and less on drama
Adam Jones with the game winner. Mammoth win in OT 16-15.
thrashers were incredible but did not win, we need to step up, season starts next week, 3 to 4 uggghh, it was too close
Ohio has gotten rough with Mich before, but I think you'll be okay. After all, you invented the
unfortunately Im no longer doing apartment locating can send referrals know some great agents! :)
No joke, we talk thru fb.
I just watched 'My Date With ' and it was so weird to me, like they are not famous to me, they are friends, ya know? 0_o
Impromptu office yoga to the rescue!
who picked the nasty colors lol hope it wasn't
Trouble is U don't know how a person will play when they reach #Survivior and how producers chose to portray them.
F.I.S.H is the new Y.O.L.O
I am sort of freaking out right now with Top Chef finale - on the edge of my seat. Major major major respect for both competitors.
You're amazing. c:
“: Would you believe that I can't find a Hawaiian shirt horrible enough at Walmart. #fml” if it's the one Tom shops at, I believe it
noo , steph works but I'll probably be down there to tan . !
Hair gurus... what can I use for my hair with a strong hold but with a dry look.
Not hiring Ryno = Chicago Snubs
90 percent of Fortune 500 companies used online video in 2011 (Source: U of Mass/Dartmouth Study)
Haha, I just can't shut up about this anymore. Some of these people just kill me. :)
you should always be dressed for the end of the world!
You done well!
Finally a break;
Last session for the week then Sunday, time to spend with my family. Good end to a good week.
i cried.
Casually sitting here crying watching old videos of Cody.
In the hectic world today, we rarely take time to enjoy real beauty.
to the mall then prolly out to eat
what it is is what it aint?
ok thanks holla at me on Facebook hakim coombs
If only my last tweet was true
Wonder If dos Equis is any good lol
My ex has dated 2 other girls since we broke up. While I'm sitting here, pigging out on chocolate, thinking about him, being heartbroken.</3
Cutting through a titanium ring is just as easy as cutting through any metal ring
Hey I cant complain though!
Who wants to sponsor a boxing match between #ChrisBrown and I? Somebody needs to stand for the honor of women everywhere.
#ShoutOutToo I don't know her but we should change that. She's pretty also :) follow her.
Hoping what I read comes truee (:
- You should probably come and meet me for lunch. I hear the Smoke Shack has KC ribs. :)
well thats too bad about johnny depp and vanessa after fourteen years, you could work through just about anything
Morn'in Motivation: Just know that everything messed up in the world and in your life will pass; Like a meal that didn't agree with you!
#ThingsICantLiveWithout the gym and peanut butter!
Think I'm in love with ; how can I get this in my car?
I'm not trying to defend her but u don't know her or know no1 that does... so u let the media tell u how to make decisions ?
Agreed. Hart should be option #1, get Aoki more time in right. Gotta get the best players on the field.
Cutest super pug I have ever seen!
Trump just wants att.. he is so not happy!!
Good morning or GM. Remember, you are the GM (General Manager) of your own life and destination.
Get well soon!!!!!
Aww, i hope you feel better
do u have a voxer??
Ambition is putting a ladder against the sky.
Great! Hope you like it :)
FOLLOW ME AND I FOLLOW THEE
yeah. Dude even has an ugly wife...
Think it's actually spelled birthday.
Darn you Netflix! I want to watch Mad Men, not Mad ABOUT Men!
you still have to win the whole thing... But you can rub it in a little
. its curious... why you would care who I love/sleep with/have kids with.... it makes me sad to share the same faith.
And right before I turned to leave, she said "You don't know what you mean to me."
Just disappointed the "nerdist" podcast has become the comedian interview show.
GO BABY PENS!!!
why all the fucking SCREAMING at me when i walk into a sushi bar it's NOT like there WON'T be ample opportunity to LAUGH at me soon enough
Nobody wants to help me out with my favor?! ):
I failed a spelling test because they told me to write BITCH but instead i wrote your name (:
I wanna move away.
Male sea horses are the ones that get impregnated rather than the females
Iran Promotes Its Candidate for Next Shiite Leader Ayatollah Mahmoud Hashemi Shahroudi would extend Iran x2019;s influence over the Iraqi
I know ! I just be kidding
Working in Mount Vernon, today.......Have a Fabulous Fantastic Friday! SPREAD LOVE
My hair is dark blue... I don't kno how I should feel about this.
what is the best, most durable, with many options & user friendly BLENDER for a Fitness Professional?!!
great video!
Thanks for the kind words!
RT : is it coming along well? << it is! been hectic & busy, but i'm on task. are we confirmed for Fri/18?
Ah lol bob ya head ragtop, I want to fing those videos
Just fell back in love with A&W Root Beer Barrels.
Great visit with the -psyched to follow the great work that they have in store for their first class!
#ImThatLittleHiltonWho loves having fun
Hittin up the dirty 6th. If you live in Austin, might as well enjoy it!
Please ask Arianna why W could use a flag-draped coffin from 9/11 in his ads, but POTUS can't mention that he got Bin Laden
dnt beat urself up about it.... :)
Bront Bird has a moped! can you say coolest football player ever?!
Me and the homie got them Drake tickets for May. I finally get to see Waka Flocka Flame perform...my life is complete lol
Want a beta invite to ? Let us know & we'll let you start #Spooning with us Wednesday night!
Thank you for reading and sharing Miguel! Following now!
What come on Mavericks
yes it is!! Good job!! :D
no add me pls?
There's a #BigBlackSquirrel in our neighborHood..... I don't know what he's up to , but I'm sure its no good!
yeah but ur things are more important than ur brother! Haha :P and don't worry about it!! As long as you asked or cared! :)
Nice little celebration at work today to celebrate 25 year anniversary of the company's first employee! Way to go Marcia
hey baby u gone met us at the casino
If you're in Charlestown & don't have a thermometer, remember you can always tell the temperature by the # of teenagers on Main Street.
thanks for stopping by!
Dreamt about not deciding what to wear to the race and and therefore I missed it. Oh boy
tote jeal, get your self a cowboy!
<U+27A0><U+27A0><U+27A0> skipping treatments on the weekends is like skipping your antibiotics on the weekends - not very clever
There are multiple overlapping twitterverses of discourse. That tweet or hash that really got to you? Relax, it was written by a 14yr old.
I guess that Israel will destroy Iranian warships.
Dropping my website late this month and will gain lots if new friends and following
": can i get an interview next week?" Contact GM of
hey(: how old is peyton?(:
I say this every day, but I DO NOT want to get out of bed. :(
30 pages edited today. Brain is mushy
LOL I hope not! Ugh! He's the least entertaining to me!
Happy Birthday!
If you're taking photos, send them to -- we'll display them on the big screen at the afterparty!
I hope that was in ur Brooklyn accent ...
Please don't be stupid and make any personal threats to Steve Blake or his family on Twitter. You're making us Lakers fans look very bad.
Average low in Hong Kong in July = 81F and highly humid
Ready for the #SuperBowl...should be a good one!
I'm at school :/
- Thanks for the many, many laughs you have given us! Pure comic genius! P.S. Love your dog's name!
I know u do JBB :)Whats up with the Bday???? are u doing anything???
do you remember that one night when you ate 5 out 6 koldike bars in 3 hours!
No just finally started using "product". :)
Pair them with some roasted peanuts and a schooner and it's a meal
Sign in South Carolina: "Get your emu oil and magic Jesus water here."
Happy birthday! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
i aint sa bye to nobody... i diddnt wnna leave... i was kinda down dat day
Ok, today's Google doodle is pretty adorable.
The final day of the Walk for Children's Health is about to begin. We will travel 23.5 miles today.
This weather <U+2665>
I gotta take a shower!! once I've been outside I will NOT lay in my bed without a shower an change of clothes
I'm a sucker for light skinned women..and if u got dreads FAGETIT!!! It's a wrap <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
In The Cut Rollin Doobies Up!
happy mothers day mothers!
I just heard we're going to be at STEIM at the same time in the next week!
Sure. I'll go with yes. But don't ask me to explain why, because I'm clueless.
Had to clear up something's between me and #oomf no hard feelings my way hopefully they feel the same way
If you work hard on your job you can make a living. If you work harder on yourself than you do on your job you can make a fortune. J. Rohn
I love pay day! I'm one happy girl :)
Success is always in the person who succeeds.
you get an exemption, skip day, and 100 on a test if you get a green sheet
Yeah, that's true.
My hand hurts. Literally applying everywhere. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D>
Get on my GUESTLIST for free entry by sending full names to 202-200-7627
Eat vegan and healthy when you can. Be more than good to yourself. Let the feeling of natural energy be a friend.
May the Good Lord take a liking to ya!
Thought he was supposed to be out a few more weeks?
Im Done Arguing...Shit Pointless
What I suggest depends, always, on the person and their situation. Possibilities=yellow dock/molasses syrup, bivalves
all summer?!
Today is the day: all IU printed matter will be recycled.
Don't know which I like best but those colors will look fine in thread. They will figure cool way to overlap elements too.
i.am.freezing.
He wants to play all the time, especially during quiet time. I thought putting him into a play-based curriculum would help.
Hi Iggy! How are you this Friday?
I think it makes you appear a bit childish. :}
now they are highlighting a Madonna death threat! Click click bang.
any plans for this weekend
no question! Good look my man!
hey #houston friends! make an appointment to get a pair of Guie #fairtrade #handmade #shoes perfect gift for xmas!
Hahahahahaha this is the best EVER
Thanks guys! stoked to hear your new stuff.
I've been anxious to blog -- purchasing my new URL today, announce tomorrow.
uh , yess do you not see the score board !
Does anyone know which Wal-Mart MC Snow is greeting at these days?
don't get sensitive because it took you 8 years to graduate
UP , side down
Thank you new followers Happy Thursday!
Miss you!! ": Smh RT : Hello Cocoa Beach!"
#SignsAFightBout2Breakout people start to pull out phone and yell "WORLDSTARHIPHOP"
Just made my crappy work PC a little snazzier with a Neptune wallpaper!
no i'm not... You are <33
Congrats on your Outer Critics Circle nomination for My Life as a Sitcom!!
Good afternoon tweeties! <U+2600>
Thanks for the RT!
I'm happy healthy & blessed beyond measure
Only 7 mins my heart is really pounding now
Just got in the house from bible study..It was wonderful.. Hows everyone doin
Road Quote of the Day: “A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving.” - Lao Tzu
Sometimes you have to forget what’s gone, appreciate what still remains, and look forward to what’s coming next
Lol, is this a soccer match or a basketball game?
Who ever win the Ring , is coming out the west ..
On a bumper sticker: "those who abandon their dreams will discourage yours." That's good stuff.
Told Eli what exactly?
Fannie Mae is auctioning off a $30 million pool of bulk real estate-owned properties,
this hasn't been the best morning. hopefully something turns it around :(
tons of people tweeted you today thought it was lol sry
I don't know why I own lipstick if i always forget to put it on
Love Fridays during lent. I've eaten more fish today than an eager college boy at a sorority full of fat chicks.
Thank you my sweet friend. I wish the same to you!!!
it really brings me down..
Walking to a school. -.-
Old McDonald's had a farm? RT : Has anyone seen these McDonald's Farming commercials? Are they serious?
Exclusive: Rancho Sante Fe thief caught on surveillance, victim has last laugh.
“: Now aint' that something Asian ppl own Baja Fresh” ur killin me Charles!
Good morning, sunshine!
Congenital cooties.
Thank you so much!
I like the feedback feature on your iPhone app. How many people worked on the app?
me to follow please
Forrest Gump. And the trailer for the new Adam Sandler film.
#SometimesIJustWant to belt a power ballad with all my freekin might... until I'm crying and shaking and totally gone. So gratifying.
Today Isz My Birthday(:
Whats good were in RVA and we need tracks mastered as well as studio time....who do we need to talk to?
"DON'T BE SHY GIRL GO BANANZA JUST MOVE YO BODY LIKE A BELLY DANCA!!!!!!!!!"
What do you think...does Tim Tebow's digital brand become stronger now that he's with the Jets? NY is largest media market in N. America
Just be glad you woke up this morning
not one fuck was given when I got dressed this morning. not one.
CyberStationUSA.com is internet radio, the first and largest
Strangers always seemed to baffled when they ask, "Can I use your phone?" and I respond, simply, "No." A blunt ? is gonna get a blunt ans
Great lunch w/ mom dukes now omw back home
What is your reason for living?
I'm probably on some IU "watch for suspicious behavior" list of alumni/employees. ;-)
tell Peter I say hello!
In Berkeley at least!
“: This boy juss keep making hit after hit -”
Alright, I'm officially late. Awesome. Only my 45th time this school year. -.-'
Haha yay!! Welcome!! yesterday i got my hair did by WOO HOOOO!!! GRACIASsss!!
Good catch Tuinei!!!
did Nick change his twitter name or sumthing? cuz its not showing him! sum one help me im confused!
Big bag of peanut buttr m&ms sound amazing right now!
“: Do y'all think Usher ever got to make love in that club, in that club, in that club?”
You can do it! This is a great time before the holidays hit. It is tough to be good around this time but you can;)
WUPV Always Sunny in Philly...lol
Fashions have done more harm than revolutions
Can you ask your wife to sing a where did all the good ol' girls song? because the good ones are all hidden too man!
Are u familiar with the study of energetic colors?
just like the chiefs
i bet it's a lot of both
HAPPY CANADA DAY!
lol...ok, ok...fine, khakis and a button down shirt, lol
Thank you for speaking today. Your presentation was fantastic and really made me think.
Can't wait to move out of Memphis!!
We are what we repeatedly do, excellence then is not an act, but a habit - Aristotle // Make #SocialExcellence a habit
who made you so right ?
you're right. I don't even think I have any pics of you on my instagram account. jeeze you're so boring.
What a sweet surprise - balloons and chocolate dipped strawberries!!!
out with my friends =] how i missed them <3
Worst nap ever #wah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I want some mcdonalds breakfast
Enjoying the best vacation in a long time. Reality will sit soon. But for now, enjoying the moment :-)...
Scouts honor
btw even with the new grading system it would only affect the bottom 6% of schools ie 200 schools
What can I say? Some days you're the dog, some days you're the hydrant.
Oh no - these are city folk, too.
thank you :) ...when can I see you again on ?!
Photography let us remember the good moments in life. Check out website, such a great idea!
Passin out money the way!
Congrats to former Miss World Aishwarya Rai Bachchan on the birth of her first child, a girl!
when your boss walks by, one of you holds the other over her head. Your boss will then respectfully bow.
If this team could still do last April plus last summer minus September, I'd take it.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other - Abraham Lincoln.
correct, I can dm you what i've been told & can't stop thinking (don't want to spoil it if it's true)
I'm telling Howy B that you know nothing about cars!
Phenomenal food. I have so many recommendations. You really can't go wrong, part. in Center City.
i <3 u baby girl!!
The Spring 2012 season of begins tonight! See you at at 7:00pm!
look forward to your review! Enjoy!
At school with my dad
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X26
Today 1969: A 7-day protest began on the campus of University of Wisconsin with over 10,000 students demanding a Black Studies Department.
dance moms is so ridiculous.
Made it to #alise2011!
Ever had a headache it made your face and eyes hurt...? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
A dime a dozen holds true for most things in this world but when but loses meaning when applied to true love -Kiera Condon
Correction: type "thankyou" with no space at checkout online and receivve 25% off your online order.
All packed up and ready to get out of Holbrook, AZ and into the field. Getting ice - out of blocks means 2 days of cold vs 4.
I need a washcloth
Right now has the only one. We'd need to work out agreement with him before selling.
I think my brain may be broken...
no problem!
love your designs on Dribble. Would love to talk about a small project. plz DM me. Thx
ALL SMILES!!
Dear automatic flushing toilet, I appreciate the enthusiasm... but I wasn't done yet.
Thanks, Lynne....good site
"No man's error becomes his own Law; nor obliges him to persist in it".Thomas Hobbes -- Tell it to North Carolina.
I used EasyChair for the iPRES 2009 conference, to manage paper submission and approval process. Worked great.
Sounds great :)
How about "I don't lie convincingly enough to bother lying"?
You had fun filming this week ? (:
Trying to get the hot doctor's digits is a lot harder when Isaac is here. Plus, he just told me he can't believe I'm over 20.
Hey guys just wanted to make sure as is well with my followers from indonieisa??? Lemme know please
U did what? How incredible! I hope to visit with you someday and taste the wonderfulness. Luv u much! Auntie Niecy
yea I guess thanx love
RT : S/O TO IM ON THE SAME THING (MADE MYSELF A BOSS) #SELFMADE <--- #SaluteRespect my G
follow me :)
My mother in law is giving 60 scarves to the elderly residents of Overland Park Nursing and Rehab and is looking for donations. Hit me up.
Needs a waaahmbulance
The name of my memoir: RT I shouldn't be watching TV. But I am.
Errrthing black today
I'd like to ask for a moment of silence. If you need to know why, forget about it. (cc: )
OMG!!!!!! im so pumped for tomorrow!!!!
Come on Tigers, you're better than this.
Dear John AND A Walk to Remember is on?! Which do I choose!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Tomic is one of my favorite players. not just because he just won me some money but winning with slow balls is a lost art
saw "Nobody Walks" at ... I loved it. I need to own it! You and Ry Russo Young
Thank you so much Alan! The same to you my lovely friend!
I mustache you a question Eyebrows google for answers ahah
tomorrow is another opprotunity God gives me.
finally made the celebrity game interesting
Sorry all are gone now... had to find me :)
I can't find muy Misfits shirt.
Trust them more than BOA “: And Fed approved Agricultural Bank of China to establish a branch in NYC”
I'm not sure if this is the same for other musicians but as a drummer when you sit down behind your kit there's no other feeling like it!
awake + ready to guzzle some strong coffee!
walk down the street and getchusum :D
Enjoyed reading the blog post! Wishing you an educational AND fun
Thanks. We're aware about that. Is on the shortlist to be resolved.
CAN I HAVE YOU TEE HEE HEE
Back in the office and ready to apply the many things I learned at an amazing
This has been one of my fav nites for sure! We def killed it in #neworleans #louisiana #love our #hustle #turbo #piyo mix! #iGoHard :) YEP!
My family is absolutely
I don't know if "could you please just find a normal woman?" is good advice...
“The most memorable gift you can give your kids is to teach them to give back.”
hey(: but i havent talked to you before so..
I just had to try :)
thank you! Hope u have a wonderful Monday!
one week! EEk!
is so glad tomorrow is Friday!
can you believe that the fans were booing Troy Brown?!!!
I just want a job so I can start buying myself presents again. Is that so much to ask!?
RT going to miss seeing everyone at #mw2011. have fun y'all, and will see you next year, for sure.
rough start because Verizon sent me a bad 4G card, but yes. Falling in love w/ it
4th grade teacher and parent Michelle Harvey: 'discipline policies can have unintended consequences'
#lunch with my sis
Whoa blood sugar has been high since Sunday but right now it's 361
Thanks for tweet. See you tomorrow?
Winners drink milk! The Indianapolis Monumental Marathon is proud to have Deans Chocolate Milk Chugs at our race November 6, 2010
would you like to model for us?? Let us know...:)
Going to try something new today. I am going to relax and take in a parade. Go Labor Day!
New show: 3 hours and 24 minutes
this is going to be a long summer if the fuckin sox suck this bad
Fuck homework, omg.
Lol @ my sister pics.. Idon't want to upload it bcouz' she's already mad :))
I have made some changes to my website @ gyframing.com let me know what you think thanks
haha, but they are good calories!
there's nothing funnier than being THE black girl at a kenny chesney concert
Not positive. Looking into it!
I have no respect for myself? Well.duh
for all you know it could be a 40 year old man behind the screen so your choice to take the risk of adding me
This Friday at the Courtyard Cafe, we will be performing at 11:15PM for the Midpoint Music Festival. See you there!!
oh so you answer me on twitter but not when I txt you eh??? Hahaha
Going for the extra hot wings at wild wings tonight!
Beach tomorrow with the team ! :D #tanning sesh (y)
I dunno...Uhm...Does 5 sound good.?
Lol no RT : Being a parent means enthusiastically clapping for a lot of mediocre stuff. It's like being a Coldplay fan.
To the library.
Rumor has it, you're on a new workout routine to fit well in that tux @ the Premiere of "H2O." (Nudge) You're not the only one.
NYC restaurant week extended through Sept 5th. Various locations, All Boroughs.
Legs = smooth = feels so good.
uhhg I don't what to think about it :(
Absolutely devastated. No words can explain.
Um bitch u wasn't with me eating out the trash
RT : In honor of Tu B'shvat a tweet like this has been planted in Israel.
I hadn't heard! If you are looking for DC chefs to participate or judge pls e-mail me
Trying out seesmic for android. Way fewer buttons to press. Actually makes sense.
i wish i could change everything about me. i'm fucking disgusting.
To be fair, I "think" we were just suggesting an unorthodox approach to design rather than inviting madness.
NME Pub Challenge broke me. Find out who won in the Xmas issue. Two contestants drank eight shots of Jaegermeister at once. Repulsive.
It's five o'clock somewhere!
in case you missed it there were 2 #NHL game 7's on so nobody cares about this meaningless web jem
He will place you in a genre to reach those who cant be reached with Gospel Music why? They like Smooth Jazz....
End users are now choosers no longer depending on the institution. - Tim Chester
What's that smell? Did someone fluffy?
Nice too meet you Mindy!!!! I'm from new York!!
The high temperature was 113 degrees here today. Went ice skating and enjoyed the cool contrast.
I still have mine from (was it) last year? I'm bringing it!
I just finished a 3.17 mi run with a time of 36:28 with Nike+ GPS.
I don't think your friends put stuff in their butt
how can your guy Lunardi have Northwestern in and Miami and NC State out? Doesn't pass the eye test at all.
I've been playing with GAE in my spare time. Initial signs are good - but I haven't done anything real yet.
I just want to be in Mexico right now, on the beach looking up at the stars..
I'm bored wit u, u not keeping my interest....
Rogers, Arkansas
That throw
I'm watching Prom (don't judge, all I do I study I need mindless tv). Emily from 90210 is the mom of a senior. Wow!!
Quote of the day: "That's why people hire our firm and pay our high fees, they want special service and they are demanding clients".
3/4 ..or by eating young. Also a way for birds to become more familiar with and increase their ability to recognize predators.
#CUSE BABY....ORANGES FOR ALL!
“: That awkward moment when you get a little too emotional while watching A Walk to Remember.” did u write this?!?
why you think that?
U would think ppk got paid to have followers as much as they beg ppl to follow them
thank you
so so true;)
Nothing like a Paris Flea market! Love all your finds!
Music > homework
OMG! My neighbor's son Luka is so annoying! Stop leaving me these notes, you clumsy brat!!
Feeling sick tonight so had to skip the training session.
Cu got boat raced tonight, too bad Klatt
okay "fuck dick,I eat PUSSY wit a Passion !!!"
who do the very same thing b get no penalty. Bottom line, kids get 1 yr scholarships; if coaches can move on freely so should they
if you can rewind your tv...rewind it...he threw it where there was the most Lakers..better chance of a shot with .3 seconds.
wow, what has the world come to. Must be time to get serious haha
Good morning !!!
my mum is gonna kill me! ah. asdfghjkl
genius and lunacy go hand in hand. <3
havent tweeted in so long! sorry about that, i'm a
Also, if you have any favorite photos you've taken that are framed or printed, feel free to bring them with for visuals.
I wanna b an angler fish!!!! Guobble Guobble!
And crap, I hope that didn't sound snarky! I just happen to have friends on both sides of the aisle.
Mike Bibby #Knicks just like the old times !!!!!
: Great meeting you!
Cut back and delegate? We all have the same 1,440 minutes in a day and the right to say "no" to people. You first, always.
#OOMF Ant ever going to be shit in life
#Huguely atty:"it wouldn't be fair to his client not to have proper representation".Co-counsel ill. Proceeding w/other witnesses.
It's not offically the holidays until you go on the Annual Luminaria Tour through Old Town.So grab some hot cocoa and check it out!
Congrats to client and friend on 3 year deal with San Diego!
Saludos a Relentless agency, Juan, Angela my regards to all, please check out that Press kit from my new artist "Vanelis" Thanks
My boobs been feeling heavy & they look bigger >>>> must be eating good
At Los Ranchos (:
Since we are amazing we wanted to give two other pastry girls some amazing Iphone Cases Congratz
great isn't it!! crazy!
Identify internal people/departments to form partnerships and pilot some ideas. - #pubcampwest Again, "go rogue."
you should've given Sean Rouse credit when you stole his joke. & the title of a cd is the name of your show?
" Evan Bayh? *chuckle* I'll be pushing Elizabeth Warren for the 2016 POTUS nomination.
I hate peeing with boners in the morning pee never goes where I want it too! can u hand me a mop :)
I got told twice today that I was "glowing"...so, basically, I guess I had an oily, sweaty face all day.
Looking forward to popping up & experiencing your wine program first hand. Cheers from SF!
What should I go eat today for lunch?
I think my fish is gonna die !stay up !
lol i mean kiding me lol i even get my every own stylist yea me!!!!!!!!!!!!!
How is that?! I always see the infomercial
Are delegates elected to be on "lockdown" for over 12 hrs?
Green Bay Baby!
HEY YOU DON"T SAY THAT EITHER.
what it do boss
Sad I missed it. Come Back to Texas probably isn't the same now that I'm back in Texas. ;) but I'm sure Emily is still the same :/
Have you heard Ascension?
Congrats! You won the gift card to Barbarella! Email me at & put your name in the subject line 4 directions.
Just popped into the recently-installed Hammer Contemporary Collection show--getting to know/falling in love w/ the collection all at once.
NYC is a funny place. Creative people make money. This is counterintuitive to everything I learned growing up asian.
Wow. Thanks Andy! We really appreciate it!
At least you were alive for it. Mine was five years before I was born.
Avicii tonight! Were making soup in your honor!!
Had an awesome day today at the Botanic Gardens with four wonderful people - looking forward to sharing some of the photos soon.
Finally got that jersey. I can mail it 2 the @ u sent or ill be in miami next week w/ my dad 4 work if u mite want 2 meet up
I'm also sickk, hope we can be sick buddiess togetherr! <3 But, I hope we bothh get better(: Feel Better Austin!Lovee yuhh <3
so awesome!
#RVA great #restaurant secret? Chicken Fiesta on Midlo Tnpk, by State Police Hqtrs. Affordable and really good!
No one I want ever wants me back.
will be acknowledging its top PartnerAdvantage partners this afternoon. Stay tuned for updates on winners.
Thanks guys and gals finally hit 3000 followers!!! Now on to 5k, lets do it!
When I updated my #droid software yesterday, it messed up the battery life and charging ability. Anyone else run into this?
Finally off work :)
“: Dexter McCluster is here. So there's that.” That's fitting all the KU slot back go down on first contact as well!
Q: how will you use open data and other technologies to increase transparency & accountability in development decisions?
She ran away in her sleep and dreamed of paradise
This Tweet marks my 100th Tweet! Wow! I honestly did not know I had that much to say.
21st birthday tonight!
RT he's adorable. he's cute. he's funny. he's smart. he's amazing. he's talented. he has the best personality. (cont.)
I feel like I'm on a roller coaster on my bus ... Crazy ass bus driver .
Foxtrax pitch tracker shows it just caught the inside corner.
Just talked to Becca at the event details have been confirmed. Super excited!
Call me #oldfashion but some #titties make any movie better
re: Kitchen Table coders. Interesting concept. JS and ruby meetups have some similarities. Certainly a place for HTML & CSS too
Uh oh, power is out.
Just cause you got a ass and boobs docent mean you the most sexy bitch alive like yeah right LMAO!!!!!!
he's the NBA Peyton Manning lol
Good shit last night
I will not!!
Life sucks I wish people would go die right now
Only spend quality time with quality people
Nia Abandoned Me As Her BestFriend ITs All Good I Still Got Takietha & Charles
story of my life. Maybe we'll get more life than we expect, too?
That's awesome! I know what it's like to pine for a dream doll! :D
Get Austin Mahone Verified keep tweeting itt!! every mahomie should be trying to get this to trend!!
is not only a person but he is my hero<3
gosh , who cares ?!
hey all check out and start SAVING today! tell all your friends and retweet about it! Thanks!
We are hiring a full time grant writer and a full time case worker!
CORRECTION: Newark Public School's Meeting to discuss MLK Closing will be at 5:30 at MLK Elementary on S. 9th and Central Avenue in Newark!
Happy Sunday :) What is everyone up too?
Frank C here at WQED used to have a pizza shop in Penn Hills. Very picky, he swears by Napoli in Monroeville. Miracle Mile.
no cuz I am white so it looks different and I didn't dye it. ;)
Amy wish that did not happen to you !!
“: Don't hate masturbate”
IN CHANCERY, Pt.2 of Galsworthy's THE FORSYTE SAGA now on CD. TO LET is champing at the bit!
We'll be open this Saturday from 9am - 3pm for Move-In!
There's something about these 62 degree crystal clear crisp winter days that must be something of a benefit to living in California.
is feeling excruciatingly human.
oh boy is it awesome to be a ambassador right now- special event on Thursday park and I'm there!
First day of the spring semester! LEGGO
RT Watching the MLS All Star Game vs Manchester United. <<--- not fakin during World Cup!
hey vee follow back
Great idea! I wonder why nothing's moved in there before?
"refusal to sell Taiwan new military jets" "caving to Chinese pressure" we all caved 2 chinese when we started eating egg rolls
Time for a new beginning and this time I am in charge not you anymore :)
2nite 7-9 Bryant Park Myron Walden Momentum features on trumpet in lineage of masters but unmistakably himself
Looks like I'm moving to Vermont....
don't talk about Whitney!!
So very grateful 4 my girls the Lord has placed in my life JocelynCrawford. Thank u all
When a person asks you a question they already know the answer to.
Glad made it through a T-Bone and I don't mean at Mortons.
ALL OF MY CHANGE I SPEENNTT ON YOU!
Ok back 2 LL. he can lick them lips all he wants ...
haha the video of u gettin taken out by Kobe made the sports center intro!!!
omg you're gonna faint!!!! Hahaha
Enjoyed your SXSW presentation... doing a training for our newsroom on SEO/breaking news next wk, could I borrow Whitey slide?
streets are even flooded. It's a storm. Not just rain.
Bahahaha well summer is right around the corner, so we can make it happen haha <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I just converted my sweet tea lovin' bf to the most amazing tea ever - Publix Pomegranate & Orange red tea. This is a very big deal, people.
Beware of what you feed your mind, for it is the doorway between the physical and spiritual world
Just Manny being Manny
I have yet to see a win at Fenway this year. That needs to change.
NEVER GIVE UP IN LIFE IT'S ALWAYS WORTH IT !!
Thanks! yeah, and then I'd have to make the thing one coherent piece and remove half of the useful advice…
The 9-song CD is currently being mixed & Mastered...
I love me some fireworks. the kind you light the fuse on!
what?!? Are you serious right now
I guess I have to in 140 characters ;)
: CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 56
Bahahahahaha! Amazeballs. You win. You always do.
Have a great weekend!
Heading back to LA from a great weekend with the Inlaws in Dayton OH.
almost feel bad for Guerra...almost...glad to get the lead in the 9th...glad Chippers been a part of it...lets go braves!!
you are using my photo and yet you are not me...
Who wants to walk the red carpet and mingle with the artists at Premio Lo Nuestro 2012??? I DDDDOOOOOO!!! Time to get to work!
Morning! : Hi Laura : happy Saturday!
Highly recommends Stefanie's Afro-Caribbean class at Atlas Joy of Motion Mondays from 7:30-8:30!
When I get bored I get mad lol
Hallelujah.. this one word, crumbled walls, broke down cell doors, brought the enemy to their knees... What could it do for you?
Watching Giants vs Eagles. Giants stink today!
Shout out to single moms, being the pert plus of the family
Just visited link to an / Oregonian story- it had a pop-up ad!! C'mon Oregonian, not cool.
person 1: I dont love cake. -__- me: :O WHAT?! lol Person 1: I don't like or love cake! me: screw you! >:/ hahaha. :D
Wow, what a great compliment! Really appreciate it, Todd.
Welcome to Destination India - Kashmir the Most Excellent Place for ...
If ur mate is bisexual does that make u bicurious? Ijs
Haha, damn...that sucks, I guess? Lol.
Great day! Thanks to AJ/Student Board, Betty & John, Gary, Christine Sneed, Nami Mun, Bonnie Jo Campbell, Samuel Park, and Patricia McNair!
yes i remember.
I don't wish the shit I go through on my worst enemy.
RT : Colts Want PK Adam Vinatieri To Be Their Kicker: All indications during organized team activities are that Colts p......
Cool just got told 3 times lol I'm leaves *wipes tears*
besides 12 yrs trying to reach #Survivior ! I'd kick my Ass if I had the chance and didn't go
there's a whole lotta publics going on at UC :-)
Unprecedented: David Bearman spotted actually attending a session at #MW2012 -- that's a luxury he never offered himself before!
“: "You do the right thing then the right thing will happen." Paul Teutel, Jr. #radicalgrace”
Can i get dat fulltime position
In so doing, they objectify women; women are used as objects for the sexual entertainment of men.
#MAY FRIGGIN FAIR HERE I COME :'D!
True. Speaks to having a mid-course course eval...but, ugh, who has the time!
I love how all the 'new' cardio machines my gym gets look gently worn. Wonder which NYSC is the hand-me-down source?
we did get the candy back ($3,000 worth) but it was dirty and we couldn't reuse it (had been put in emptied sawdust barrels)
My fucking finger hurtin rite now. Fuckd around and slamed it in the door
Can I get a happy b day :P
Newt is neutered stop diluting the field
u are actually coming to norway for real... i thought i was dreaming!
this is why you are the best. You truly love every single one of us and you remind us of that all the time
I had not see this, but it's very cool. Thanks!
where you at homie!! Stop running I think you can win!! YOU CAN DO IT
Woot! Show tonight in ann arbor @ blind pig with pop project! 9pm
The first guy since my ex and my parents lose their fucking minds.
thanks for following! Have a great weekend!
We're here to awaken from the illusion of separateness” <U+2015> Ram Dass,
can I join? I hate Monday's too! I am angry at the world :(
laziness its my middle name.
Thank you, Suzie! Glad to have you with us. Cozette, the CCP mas-cat.
#Mom's-advice-of-the-day-good-for-a-lifetime: When you come to right decision, it won't be difficult choice. You'll know & it will be easy!
with Ean's lame ass[:
Didn't know what we were doing but we didnt care We were to damn young to know any better
Even on our worse days, we are still blessed to be living and enjoying life in a free country with all the benefits.
What if we had Twitter in '92? will be livetweeting the LA Riots as they happened on this date & time in 1992. Powerful.
is there a sweet spot between "event still happening" and "cultural conclusion reached" where the #newplay is most potent?
haha ok I did it twice last year.
We had a wonderful time at our employee holiday party yesterday! We're so thankful to have such an amazing staff! Happy Holidays everyone!
if you weren't you, I'd say that statement is a little creepy
I'm a nerd.
Yes we are...WOOHOO...LETS FINISH RACIN BOYS!!!! 40 laps to go...LETS GET IT BOYS!!!!
that sucks
New Menu day! Come check out one of the three specials, grassfed beef True Blue, brown butter rabbit "Mayflower", or B veggie "MAYDAY!"
dudes sitting next to me at #blacksheeplodge ripping into crazy jesus never died, illuminatti, conspiracy nonsense.
I have visions this morning of quitting my job to become a dope rapper.
“: A 2nd student has died following school shooting earlier today in Ohio”
Congrats to several people in the #kforce #milw office for reaching milestones. Too many to list here, but you know who you are!
Yes we do Nate!
Katy Perry/SnoopDogg to be sued 4 Copyright Infringement & theft of the Simon Thunder 2008 song "Cali(fornia) Girl" Stay tuned 4 details
Yes im like a twin of Zayn hes my hero
There was a drive by grey pouponing just now.
#Phillyhunt winners will be notified, check back next week for more chances to win & keep on reading The Inquirer, Daily News, & philly.com.
the piracy has been a chat amongst librarians lately... Kids are getting books free online thinking its ok.! No! (cont)
I miss you .
Amen brother!
Listening to TLC has made me reevaluate my life and set my priorities straight. I'm currently contemplating titles for my first rap album.
Shooting new photos for the next audio zine!! Are you writing new work? #submit #new #work to the next issue! www.instereopress.com.
I'm watching the smurfs <U+30C4>
Those who make peaceful revolution impossible, make violent revolution inevitable. - We are with you Egypt!
#DeMar DeRozan is going to win the Dunk Contest tonight. Fantasy Sports Today host Anita Marks thinks Blake Griffin will take it
Is anyone in space community jazzed by the prospect announced last fall that DoD could build an X-37C for astronaut and cargo ops to LEO?
lol girl to fast
ten more minutes of professor mouse
Thanks for the love!
what's your fave body part on u? what's your fave sex position? r u great in bed? do u watch x movies? do u think im hot?
You are very powerful, provided you know how powerful you are. ~Yogi Bhajan
This is first day in 6 months with no meetings, shoots, kids, printing, writing, openings, or other deadlines. #FinallyGetSomethingDoneDay!
WHO SUPER GLUED THE *^&%8>& TOP OF THE PICKLE LID ON???? I freaking want one and I can't get the top off.
It's lunch time in Dallas...Fuse is ready for you and your "complicated" order. Bring it on Dallas! :-))
Delta highways and its 1994 again
May the peace of God rule in your hearts, and the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom. Amen.-Col.3:15, 16.
you're telling me... we may run out of bathroom break passes.
Hot Buttered Rum busting into a bluegrass version of Paul Simon's Late In The Evening
Watching ESPN's the Legend of Jimmy the Greek, talk about a blast from the past, definitely dating myself!
At trivia night they don't ask questions, the read encyclopedias. :/
Awesome! Congrats guys. Brin it to the States!
not in public
hahaha i love how both of us are on
thx dude, yeah after living in nyc I started to enjoy the idea of steppn fashion game up. As long as its comfotable.
WHAT A PASS!
RT I don't think you want me just as bad as I want you.
I love love love drinks with
Than I dust all the smurks, off me shirt..
blog post this week?
When you aren't the only one for him, than he isn't the one for you.
Koh, former Yale Law dean, is keynote for today's JB Moore Symposium on conflicts in global legal norms. Open to public, Caplin Pav
it is. So I still look the same?
man, I wanted tony to win.
Great video. Thanks Matt! Any chance for HTML5 so we can watch on iPad? I get around it by using Puffin but it's slow
A Happy St. Patty's day to you too!
good point about how as writing instructors we've forgotten the value of group feedback related to peer review
Is The Avengers any good?
Sorry, only check my Twitter account periodically. How long are you in town for? Do you still have the 990 phone number?
Vineyard Vines' spring window display screams, "Father didn't give me enough attention so now you have to."
good day D hope all is well.
noseplug? Anti-fungal ointment? Mustard?
Karma: getting annoyed at someone for not spending time with me because they were busy, now I'm too busy and behind to do anything
Here's to the shit we talk, the guys we stalk, the way we shop, the laughs we can't stop, the gossip we spill & the looks that could kill <3
It's not sticking, and should be clear/no precipitation all weekend. How long are you in town?
Creative juices running low? Unplug from your device and step outside, there's inspiration for a #NewIdea everywhere you look. Find yours!
Omgg and is on #GleeNationals too!! Good judges this year!!!
ohh yah, for sure! Hmu with your first video when you get it up<3
because hes probably just so upset that he cant find Naughty Puppet II little know fact, is a fan of
hello! I live in Philly now.
Thanks so much for waiting!
haven't spoken to you in a while. Hope all is well! :)
not today though.
Thank you for the follow! Amazing how people don't want any creeks in floors nowadays. My 1919 house disagrees ;)
Trying to decide where to watch the Mayweather vs. Cotto fight in Lansing, MI.
RT : Hooray! It looks like the UT campus will have a chance to be represented in the US Congress by again
Cancer free is the way to be! Biopsy came back negative--thank goodness!!!
Where's the gov bailout for books? RT : Our hearts go out to all of the hard-working Borders employees who love books. =(
Link for where can i download Id Magazine from?
Liver Detox with food: Did you know that Apples protect liver antioxidant enzymes?
Yogi Bera said: "It's deja vu all over again!" Same problem on KLM that caused 28 hour delay last week-we're stuck now in Kuala Lumpur.
That was an amazing back and forth that you just had; should have been televised!
Hahahah!! Same here :) I want to be a good influance on lexi so i don't curse anymore.
oops ! sorry !
We interviewed an inspirational management team last week. Producing their product launch video - due Wednesday... crunch crunch
RT The Lord didn't come get me and fix me to leave me lonely and diss me
aren't they all inept!?! Good luck!
Junk is the ideal product... No sales talk necessary. The client will crawl through a sewer and beg to buy. William S. Burroughs
""Some nights he had the stars of North Carolina shooting from his fingertips" gave me chills when I read that f/
Changed The Name!!!
Common courtesy alert: self checkout lanes aren't for you if you have a full cart! Thanks for wasting 15 minutes for me
RT “: so whose going to demo day tomorrow?”
Rondo looked like someone who has never had the ball in his hands at the end of a game. All over the place there.
Check out our Facebook page! We started our Beach Body Contest today and will showcase a new contestant and their story each day this week!
I am not understanding. Drop me a note at to explain.
Arrived in Vienna for EuropeanaTech
Dentist said I might have 4 cavities on 4 molars. Must be all that sugary sports drink, bars, and gels wreaking havoc.
thanks so much!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
um that is def the new nickname for the ravens, i really hope that sticks
OMG GUESS WHAT ANYONE WANT TO KNOW I CANT BELIVE THIS???:)!$
A-ha moment of the day... #Acting is knowing your comfort zone, extending beyond it, and taking risks to experience a different part of you.
knock em dead
oh huge burn
I must be really sexy... hot women of the porn industry follow me left and right.
I beat it up up up up up up.
staying up late to watch on letterman. gotta be at work at 5am.
#IKnewItWasOverWhen ... well, I'm thinking it is.
Evaluate your corporate culture. It should dictate the level of performance so they're no surprises at review time.
#yanks HOF closer hits wall shaggin flys in bp and hurts leg looks ugly
O.o
Since when did 2pm #asheville traffic get so bad?
He closed his government office so everyone could go campaign...? How is he working for you? Sincerely, a CV graduate
yeah but you don't have to sit here and listen to it across the desk. we've proofed it and it looks good2go. need anything else?
“: "As a father, you must have the mind-set that being a dad is your most important job." ”
Glad you liked the film! My advice? Grab an aisle seat, and bring three friends to sit next to, behind, and in front of! :)
thanks man!!!
great quote! Love it!!! We should all manage ourselves accordingly.
On my way to cape cod for the day
say what now?
Ok, Jonathon Kerr & his book, A Most Dangerous Method, r coming to my rescue. Thanks, dude. I heart scholarship.
just saw i can upload more than just a default pic... im down
It's that and annotated bibliographies which are the scourge of the Earth.
try it tonight from 5pm-close.
Apple Event in 7 Minutes! Hopefully new iPad!
I'll lay odds your sweats are still #fashion forward.
Thanks bub! There was just some concern that all of the new features wouldn't work. Backed up and ready for it!!!
nathan throws his own diapers away. lol
what up doe big sexy! Hope u been good...
Respect. ": Fuck weight watchers. I know how Jennifer Hudson lost the weight. She sang her ass off!!!!"
All of a sudden I'm a charity case. #howdidthishappen?!
#Artists #Actors...fear or faith...how do you choose to approach your life, your art, your choices?
Today's Red Color Deal: Warren Jewelers - GIFT CARD. Pay $10 now + $40 later. Save $50. Discount 50% http:Yubit.com
yess ik im so excited were gonna have fun and I won't be surrounded as much so ill be able to spend equal time with everyone
I Hate When Ppl Ask U 2 Help Then Out But When U Need Help They Be Like Fuck U Motherfucker Like That Gone Die Along
Have to maintain that celebrity status
Hey hottie with a body
#ThingsThatGuysLike T&A
Can't wait :P
is going to laugh at me tomorrow when i tell her my embarassing story! :( wahh lmao
Every #guy is amazing.......for a little while.
stop the presses! are you really saying you can't believe everything u read on twitter?? (or Forbes)
Thank you for following!! ( :
....annd this flight's takeoff just got delayed 20 mins. Looks like im going to be spending tonight living it up in the SFO terminal.
Remember the lyrics 4 "Beautiful"? I'm all 4 reinventing,but pls leave ur beautiful face alone-I miss ur expressions
Happy Friday Facebook family! Send us some fun pics to get us in a weekend mood.
interesting, I had heard the company that acquired myspace was just going to sell the user data off and let it basically die.
I would guess mike turner
#ShoutOut to all my new followers
Some people are just fucking worthless
I was definitely inspired! Thanks for the retweet
Working at Children's hospital In Dayton Ohio. Need someone to talk to to stay awake.will talk to me so I can stay awake :)
welcome to Twitter. Are you going to Tweet for #RandomAccessories?
where did you get your umbrella light in your room tour video?
because mostly everyone on here grew up or got more involved with the game when he became closer. And he's the GOAT
QOTD from today's IT training: "If you think it's a bad thing to do, it's probably a federal crime."
Bonjour helene, can you tell me-do you know if there are any english speaking psychoanalytic groups in Paris?I visit the 8th
read shade vogue
Ah. Totally understood. I thought it might be the sheer number of administrators and bureaucrats per square foot.
"'cause nothing is as it appears in the funhouse mirrors of your fears" - Thanks for a lovely evening of soul-cleansing music.
I come up with so much stuff that people say but nobody knows it :(
People can't drive thru round abouts for shit
I've called radio disney like 6 times so I could talk to but he didnt pick up. Theres just this sound that goes BEEP BEEP BEEP
I'm unabashedly addicted.
Big Oil, pumped for answers on Capitol Hill. Lawmakers consider lifting the oil companies' tax breaks. More at 5:30 on
Positioning is very important in a garden
nigga sounding like saved by the bell with lets get the gang together
Im at 3 points gettin faded
Tell Sam I say Hello! Miss you guys!
i always get my mom to kill them but i didnt wanna wake anyone up, so i had to do it myselff.0; wahh!!
uh, what? oh, i just got it.
yeah, that's some serious OCD there. Lol
Ppl rocks wit me cuz im simple and im me..i dont front bout what i aint got. I just do me. I kick it, dance in the clubs and its simple.
This weather reminds me of cleveland :)
Debating on being late to work so a visitor here can breed me and piss down my throat.
A great book, a good film, even a birthday card, I weep! #TheHoliday <3
Really miss you, You and the family have been on my mind. Sending lots of hugs and prayers!
lol! U need the stars? I will star u for a question marks. Lol
#StreetLife's name comes from his breeding, as he is a son of 2007 Kentucky Derby winner Street Sense
As newspaper subscriptions continue to decline, #twitter becomes more essential for #news distribution.
say hello to the little tdf drawings that are apparently there (drawn by me!)
what you're saying is isn't the only accident prone Stoli in the house.
Yay!!!! I finally have internet at home (after over a month without it)
Home sweet home
Have u tried our all natural smoothies! Mention this tweet today for 50% off... Real fruit, no high fructose additives.
DM us your email address so we can discuss
May 17 is my b-day right? Well could you say happy birthday if u cn? Ur my idol! ILy;)
Is it bad that I forgot the Kentucky Derby was today?
but not you cause your to good for that
I love researching for projects... so many great ideas out there
Lmfao! Luly and I do really weird things, like if we've known each other for a long ass fime. I haven't even known her for a year.
I just got retweeted by who gave a great preso at Pretty sure the rest of the day is downhill.
This is a good thing you're doing. I just tried to use the card and it said account not found. Is it still active?
Haha yup! You got me. But when it concerns Seinfeld the funniest show on tv I'm willing to tweet about far away news.
and yes I'm doin better than ever, thank you! Hope the same for you :)
#dirtyjokethursday [What's the difference between a tire and 365 condoms? ] One's a Goodyear and the other is a fucking goodyear!
I need a haircut dude
just come back to Portland but I doubt they cut him.
I'm fantastical, just looking for some big boy jobs! Graduation is this Sunday!
Want to send a big thank you to all the patrons who supported Vintage Reggae Winter Fest
Did you know that I kept that for a year? And all this time I figured you'd be here.
: RT if you want believe album now!
I agree completely. Never smelled it in movie theaters though.
#GOPACKGO let's get this job done
Sounds like something mom would love!
Ray Lewis scares me..... A lot
that's the first video I ever watched. :o
<U+200E>"Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever"
Thank you twilert for watching out. To all my followers, check out twilert
You can take the hoe out the hood, but.......I don't even have to say it most real niggas know this one
haha. Yes yes(:
#Northwestern you want to #letusdance ? Then you have to win these games. Quit bitching when youre NIT bound, and beat someone!! #B1G O..H.
I dreamt we did a duet together and my friend said I was singing in my sleep
I'm getting tired of guys saying that they want real luv but wanna be assholes when they get it. Better be careful what you do
Fashion will deliver us from Evil
BREAKING: serious crash in Livonia. We have a crew en route. More info as it becomes available.
Just got the go-ahead on a project that needs to be CRAZY creative - I like when this happens...
Ideal 4 skin & a wonderful conditioner 4 hair! Contains sweet almond oil, hydrogenated vegetable oil, & Tiare blossoms macerated coconut oil
Urban Tour Host attended the swearing in ceremony, this afternoon, of the new mayor of Miami Dade County, Mayor Carlos Gimenez.
This makes my heart warm )
guys, what's a good movie to watch?
you mean in FF 10? Yeah he does have that. It is annoying honesty, the only three redeemable things are Kimari, Jecht & Auron.
Thanks for stopping by last night! First time with us? What did you think?
Daring South African Rescue Features Motorcycles and a Cow [VIDEO]
For me, though, the issue is not whether it's fiction (which it clearly is), but the ways that people watch these films +
Never love a man more than yourself and never put him on higher pedestle than you put your family that's the easiest way to to get
I said don't ask no question, I said DON'T ASK, just give the money!!
Yea I was busy working ...U forgive me :(
#MittRomney doesn't remember it. But John Lauber clearly did. Scissor attacks are not funny or cute.
So tired, but I have to finish this project...
CUE co-director Dr. Dowd is at the STEP Grantees Meeting in D.C. today to keynote about how #STEM educators can act as agents for equity.
hey love <U+2665><U+2665> love your pic
BRO nice play on words. Plans?
I would guess not but I don't know for sure.
Step 7: Setting up Personal Learning Env. #PLE Now creating bookmark folders for blogs without RSS feeds, also using for product catalogs
you want me to worry that's funny lol
Love Petr Sykora, but please don't ever interview him again
I'd rather think it's a cat.
So sad there was not a new Castle last night. It's the only thing I look forward to on Mondays.
Columbia heights homecoming was sick, fun seeing all my old friends (:
playing more with twitter
Prepping for total immersion in the world of info pros at #sla2009. Stop by AIIP Booth #1547 Sunday between 12:30 and 2:45 and say hi.
Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed 3 times out of 10 & be considered a good performer.....Ted Williams
“: queens, ny”whoa!!! U all the way north. Cold up there.... Well here in Miami it's nice all year and a nice place to visit
“: Mike Brown's description of Bryant's one-legged 3: "Kobe-esque"” Great description!
Barack Obama's support of gay marriage is yet another attempt to impose Sharia law on the United States.
Come by the Balloon Museum tomorrow 9am-1pm Dr. Tom Crouch from the Smithsonian will be here signing his new book "Lighter Than AIr"
Heading to Vegas for the Pumps Event
I miss
To be upset over what you don’t have, is a waste of what you do have. Be grateful!
well isn't he just Johnny on the spot. Cool.
Take red Sour Patch Kids & put them in a Sprite.
Hello how are you?
So...done calling me a jerk and the Bulls are down 3-1 to a 8th seed. Thibs is to blame for D Rose - period.
Life is too short to be unhappy.
“: One day you'll come across a man who will prove why all the other jerks never worked out. #diamonddiploma”
Women at American University are standing with women at Georgetown University - - solitude.
#CozyCatPress was featured in the November issue of #TheIndependent, the magazine of #IBPA (Independent Book Publishers' Association), p. 23
Back home from #MYAFestival2012 and now I'm depressed :(
Much satisfaction from client who complimented me on the intuitive connection during therapeutic change process 2day. #LifeIsGrand!
A true man does not need to romance a different girl every night, a true man romances the same girl for the rest of her life.
Has anyone ever eaten at The Blue Oval room? What did you think?
Ya but i forgot mz username and stuff so i gotta make a new 1
My son just became the first one in our family to graduate from kindergarten
its either over manage or don't manage for him
Lovin' you whether times are good or bad happy or sad
Every winter from now on I'm heading south. I have learned my lesson and I am enjoying this florida weather!
I hate company that stays TOO long...
Don't have sex, cause you will get pregnant and die.
thanks sweetheart
I hope you're having a great weekend, Colette! Thanks for the RT, as always. Be well, Ryan.
S/O to & representing at the Rémy Martin event in Chicago!
That's wassup! Still grinding. :)
but you walk and talk like a jerk.
Find the girl with the broken smile. <3
#ff miss you
Wasn't prepared for all the banging, jumping, general noise making my sons would do now that we have a second story on our house.
I love that the Streamline grand prize winner wanted a Hot Topic gift card. Go YA!
nah ima go to medoglen mall
Badger game meets all day Milwaukee Hour specials today! I love when awesome things like that happen! ;)
RT if you love JESUS.
He's a married man now. His raping days are far behind him.
i guess he isnt thats where i got you how old are you?
Follow my girl
ill DM you.
#lessambitiousmovies Geriatric Park
Sushi for dinner
my new music video "Drifter" has almost 700 plays :D
picked up by 2 networks. After the summer I can release videos
i will when i get my phone cut back on today lol
Handstands in the living room
My 100th tweet goes to my hard working team #Patriots. I still love you. Neighbors, sorry for all the swears.
Ssooo mad that got out of american idol, he's honestly the best one on the show + the stupid judges saved jessica last week ughh
Nice to meet you this morning. Thanks for doing business with us!
#YouGettinPunchedIf you make fun of cody simpson or greyson chance in front of me
Target practice with the M-4 today went great! Practice throwing a tomahawk is going to need more work. Open to anyone's helpful tips. :)
I have NEVER, EVER in almost 8 years living in Boston heard someone say "wicked pissah" - why do ppl think we say that? -_-
Work monney till its tired,,<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>wait money never gets tired ,only ppl who strive for it
Teaching is an instinctual art, mindful of potential, craving of realizations, a pausing, seamless process. -A. Bartlett Giamatti
Emmy awards tonight & we wish Sofia Vergara and her fellow cast the best! Shop her newline at www.kmart.com/sofia
Thank you for last night! You are super cool!
Listening to Disney songs in German because, well, DISNEY SONGS IN GERMAN. Damn.
the fuck u mean what I want ? I want to talk ?? Text??? Catch up ?? Duh
Are we talking shit list?
Did you see the video
showtime job starz
Is #following back : Thanks. Do you like to prepare food? I've got crock pot on for pulled pork tomorrow ;)
l st where we can house and cloth and feed and make sure they get all medical help and medications. Well we wish Mr Miller good luck .
1/23 & all of my Christmas decorations are finally put away. I'm starting to think that my many white trash-y tendencies compound annually.
I finish my last big paper for the semester and my shirt comes in the mail on the same day. COINCIDENCE?!? Probably.
Closed in NYC, but I'm going to see it in Rochester in 10 days! Listening to the soundtrack now. Love it.
n u know this man!!!
The Right Stuff reference on Community. Awesome.
Olive got lucky tonight and got a jump from a Jimmy.
During a ten mile run I developed an idea that saved a client about $60,000. Does that make running become billable hours?
Attack life. It's gonna kill you anyways.
"Though we travel the world over to find beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
He sed turn round n face da audience lol
The grounds have been prepped by #brewersfantasycamp RT : #Brewers #SpringTrainingCountdown #13 days until P and C's report!
#ItsAmazingHow someone can lie about you when everybody knows that person is lying.
It's a Joshua Ledet world.
JULY 15TH I DIE HARRY POTTER DEATHLY HALLOWS PART 2 AH
where are you heading today?
It's playoff week! Specials thru out the playoffs, trivia tonight, Bingo tomorrow!!
Wish my internet was workin so I could follow his friends..
Pizza Mart's soup of the day: Whiskey!
Agreed! lol I love it when it's cloudy and windy. Screw the heat!
your BF as you'd want to call him always has to try stop me even though is just a plain old conversation
You're not going to tweet the entire article, are you? :-p
#CNN North Carolina voters approve a referendum to constitutionally ban same-sex marriage, CNN projects.
Siri is so mean I don't like her at all
William Shatner's The Captains comes on EPIX tonight. I've got your ticket, HD DVR from DISH Network. Call me: 350-6428
Idk how I got caught up wit these characters smh RT : Lmao at the fb foolishness w/ !
RT : OH: "coding without testing is like sex without protection. U pay the price later" only in Palo Alto u hear stuff like that
my darling...I would follow you anywhere..even if its only to spoon
Listening to my brother & dad's conversation through a vent
Feeling urban with on the DC Metro.
Recommends the Tavern in Brentwood for lunch. Going back to sample the wine list soon!
Dear National Media friends: please don't make Virginia the Ohio/Florida of this upcoming election. I live there and just can't handle it!
Thank you for following me!
RT : was amazing tonight. Go to her show in Conroe tomorrow of you missed out. You won't be disappointed!
:) Awesome! How you feeling?
DS: I don't think the Ravens will sign Ray Rice to a long-term deal. Keep him franchised this year, franchise him again next year.
Great meeting you as well! Think I'm going to your Clearspring lunch this Friday so hope we can catchup then!
*runs to window* HEY. RT : Can you see us waving? [stretches arm out the window]
#NP Birdman - Y.U. Mad ft. ("this pussy squeaky", haha) and Lil Wayne.
good for you, crazy girl. happy hour tonight?
Rock, Chalk, Jayhawk!
" cute chicka" Thanks Beautiful!
HELP! Looking for a recipe I think on D, corned beef & mashed potato stuffed cabbage rolls! Can't find & my kids want it tom!
yeah I was gonna go SeeTools, but it wouldn't be spring if I didn't get a cease and desist.
Hey there, (jleung81), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Getting excited for tonight's Brooklyn Cyclones game with
nice to meet you this morning, loved your energy! Thanks for your positive words
and that was supposed to say Thank You!! Haha. So yes thanks very much
I want a new job
he will realize when yuh juss dgaf anymore nd its gunna be too late, that's guys for yuh! :/
could be wrong name... Your Facebook pal w/ the dynamite quotes. :)
The follow, not the flow
Make sure to enter Damon's contest!
When people are getting into my bus they fight to be the first one's in line, Just to try and get a seat for themselves.
Join us for the Local Author Series Friday 12-1pm in Meeting Room 5. Layne Witherell discusses his book Wine Maniacs: Life in the Wine Biz.
It's beginning to look a lot like the set of Waterworld in this town!
Hurry it's hot out get a sweet pic of your dashboard thermometer.... nice brah.
haha I just found out yesterday when someone put up a picture on instagram lol. There's supposed to be 2 more bridges I think
We've tried tommytippee, breastflow, and ventaire so far. She won't have hardly anything to do with any of them. :( boo
Hollywood also isn't happy to see this "...the notion that digital is cheaper is a myth." One e.g. is the near deletion of Toy Story
Who tryin to chill man?
Hate to brake it to ya sweetie, but no one likes you.
Way to represent christ bro!
lol. Ok hooker!! I forgot.
Name one Sunbelt Bakery cereal.
Without the K sisters there would be a lot of magazines in the checkout lines with blank covers.
They tried to hang wit us to steal game from us.
It's wonderful material. It's every kid's fantasy of wanting to be in the movies - Paul Binder
lmao my last couple of RTs so true
Nighty night. Another round of Insanity bright & early tomorrow morning.
that's good news! I've been wanting to see it since I found out about it. must see it this weekend!
no no i dont but we will find one :)
yeah it was!!! I missed you trevelle!
This day can suck it.
She pulls the printed sheets out of the tray and sticks her little paw in to get at the creature inside. It's quite cute.
I want to know how many people who do NOT follow see a given tweet via retweets.
Is it a self-fulfilling prophecy that the crazyass dangerous driver in front of us is in a KIA?
Love ya
nah bitch ass deserved it ;)
I just stuck the RBJ in my ear and lit it on fire
RT : RT : Calling UK crafts people: Want to sell your work at great trade fair in US? extende...
Word of the Day: Vision
I think we should all thank GLAM outreach, both formal & informal, for the improved perception of Wikipedia worldwide
thanks! :P
Hey Stacy! Thx 4 adding me to your list. Hope you're having a great week! Keep mkg quality connections, #RockStar #Recruiting :)
Yea! Definitely my darling!! What are you doing today?
Teaching 2 classes and 1 workshop this weekend and couldn't be happier about it...
Its over for Dallad Mavericks tha Champs have been knocked off tha thron
This is my first time having a 3.0 GPA after 4 years of high school . Hopefully it stays up there .
wow looks yummy!
I'm drinking coffee for the first time in a while and now I think I know what cocaine feels like
were going on a kony hunt were gonna catch a big one hoo haa hoo haa
ya I graduated in October
sup twitter
So.....what's the best thing happening in your day today????
Its Sunday and im out showing properties in my #2chains voice I am riding around and getting it
Dear Lucky Charms, Please stop putting cereal in my box of marshmallows ~Thanks Bridget
Found myself falling for another jerk....
somebody better get me some Starbucks or else I'll go crazy, I NEED MY VANILLA FRAPPUCCINO NOW!
Chag pesach sameach to the people of the book.
The Fratellis escape sequence that opens The Goonies is all kinds of awesome.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else the way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed !Xx
So grateful for all the hits, likes, downloads and msgs/comments. Working on new CD this summer!
Dear student: You really have no idea what this question is asking, do you. Honestly.
NEED MORE FOLLOWERS FOLLOW ME
#JX has arrived
Luna: "As long as the federal government spends tax dollars on education, there have to be standards of accountability."
come in June. Club will be brand new. Keep in touch!
Needing to present Board reports on high-level institutional metrics as impetus to development of IT dashboard at G'town
How do you done hit rock bottom?
"Something for the fuck of it...I ain't with the sucker shit | All the bad strippers got to greet me with they government"
Maybe I have a friend for you, but they tend to prefer jerks.
Tim Pawlenty, pulling for straws America, no cutting it brother, time to drop out of the race www.bruzzesiforpres.com
stoked for fridays show! bout to tear it up!
The thought that comes to mind when you watch a movie that came out when you were a child but still feels new.
standing on concourse-friend just txtd 15-30 mins. Can u confirm? Or deny
wonderful! Just getting ready to lay it down. Long day at the old office today! :-)
Welcome to all my new followers!
RIGHT?!? I would but I haven't a thing to wear
Beth is staying over :)
not to mention talking really fucking loud on the bus. I can hear him over my movie. Is he talking to himself??
I do not disagree!!
why u gotta be hatin !!!
I would tell you, but I don't want his name getting added to any lists..
#Music is forever; music should #grow and #mature with you, following you right on up until you die. ~Paul Simon
Never leave someone you love for someone you like.
sorry It's only Mario Bros I never beat part 3 I'm deeply still saddened lol
#move2virtual excellent session! I'm looking forward to reading your book.
happy thanksgiving!<3333
Might do some theater
O's playing hard!
#808PRIDE here! Its about 11:33pm and were up waiting on the ICONIC BOYZ haha crazy crazy crazy TWEET US:)
thank u, i will be w. my little cousin and she takes my mind off things. and your typist? who might that be? ;)
I'm Not sleepy Not upset Not happy Not sad I'm just blank -___-
#FNF gave pretty good previews of tomorrows fights though
DS: Orioles fans, how many of you hope (1) Peter Angelos will sell the O's & how many of you hope (2) he dies. #WeNeedAnswers. Respond w/ #
thanks man! I see your from Austin. You doing a Tejas wedding?
Do you have a spare cave i could hide in? I'm not really up for today.
When glass breaks, the cracks move faster than 3,000 miles per hour. To photograph the event, a camera must shoot at a millionth of a 2nd.
LA Labor representing hundreds of thousands wrking ppl voted unanimously to support janitors if they strike against 1%.
cheers buddy. Can't wait for a proper munch
SWAMP COOLER FACT: Plaster paintings from about 2500 B.C. show slaves fanning jars of water to cool rooms for royalty. ABQ 719-217-8546
Best quote from the St Louis Art Fair: "It's not a good idea to blow glass with a parrot on your shoulder." www.karenwoodwardstudios.com
I have enough voices in my head without adding more.
Hmm. I personally think poor UX can immediately impact demand for the content of an app. Even if it's a well know site / brand
I smell like men and booze!
Saw 'Hunger Games' movie this weekend, though. Really neat. But don't interrupt your current read for it.
Just saw a
Call that a hoe a football , the way they pass her round !
your icon get me every time.
Summer Rocks! But its not sunny in Hawaii! Still have the tramopline
next time I'm in the UK we are definitely hanging out!
What a beautiful day in Baltimore, we're open for some god afternoon drinks, lunch, and snacks, like a cool smoothie or JoeChino (
Kindness will get u Further in this life then Cruelty ever will
morning my friend
Socialnomics video playing right now... Kinda...
#networking who wit me!!!
Why is there a yapping dog (Heidi Harris) on my TV? Please spay and neuter your pets.
that's pretty catchy and would probably be way better then eight of the csi's and probably the firm
Ha! Happy Friday, everyone. RT Should I worry if my Indian food smells like cum? Need a quick answer.
I dont know why, but that sounds really gross. A black bean burger.... >.< Does it actually taste good?
#TheTroubleWithGirls is that they just keep going back to their ex bfs and they dont understand we have feelings too.
#nowlistening to Can't Say No :)
Wow, just saw the #Sony presentation for their upcoming #F65. The data looks a little annoying to deal with but 8K!? I'm pretty impressed.
Holy crap, 100 days til the Olympics! So excited!! Anyone else??
I need the orange jellyfish! What? I don't even know what that means! Dinner with my man and then were watching Yes Dear!! ...No...
Writing a presentation about prebiotics, probiotics, bacteria, and health. Thanks to the google.
I sure hope the president's speech doesn't go into the 8:00 hour. I hope he's a CT fan!
Nothing like a little Red, White, and Blaine before bed!
hay :D
GRRRRRR....... I AM SO MAD AT MY BROTHERS FOR THE CUPCAKE ASSAULT!!!!! how should I get revenge???
get your fatass up and come get some ! Na I'm in AZ
thnx for the bday well wishes!!
I find my work goes faster if I make it a song… "An-no-ta-ting WI-re-FRAmes!"
Do I ever have a surprise for you!
The fuckery on my TL this early in the morning <<<<<
Thinking about trying it out this weekend. Hopefully I can run better on there than I do against
Thank you so much for coming out to our event! It meant a lot to us.
Yes, I will my Namasteh.
I miss talking to you all! #TheTamTeam #MJFam (I have not forgotten you)
I know I will be seeing it. Madagascar 3 and then Brave as well.
love #Thebachelor hate your mushroom cut.
HAHAHA WUT dammit.. I've been pregnant in so many peoples dreams...
Loved Le Reve, I need to go back now. :D
Thanks for the follow Ed!
crazy how dion waiters comes off the bench for cuse. he might be there best player.
Can't wait for live poker at Delaware Park on Friday!!!
*yawn* and even if it's not over there is no reason why the series should be tied right now
Can wait till I get off....#cookout yes lol
u just better be there b4 me
New car had to go back something is wrong with it
have sitch and ronnie do their voices and now we're onto something
another one for you: When someone sends me a text that says,"call me." I think to myself, "Why didn't you just call me?!"
LoL I BET U HAD A BADASS PARTY FOR YOUR B-DAY HUH BIEBER?
Nice work - what'd you think of the course?
What to do, what to do today.
yeah! WeHeartMahone's Friend told him/Her he is only going for 3 months and comine back(:
what's his twitter name, not sure if I follow him or not.
So to all yal who thought the Pacers were gettin swept think again cuz Naptown aint goin out like that.
When is the next International Congress, please?
Pandora saved my schoolday! Thanks
that's mean!!!!
is it friday yet
my future husband will go to every concert, get in every pit, and listen to with me every hour of the day. ok.
I worked at Circuit City in HS. We used to burn, then explain digital cameras to old people. Fun times.
"Running through that p*ssy like a crash dummy" that line is still astonishing to me lmao!
Everyone was professional! My car turned out beautiful!
work where u?
I'm laying down FaceTime?
The awkward moment when wikipedia has copied your homework.
My day would be made if wished me luck for my bike race!
haha mary i no i meant everyone else in the world lln
Loved having you on the show yesterday bro. Listening to it tonight and I'll have it ready tomorrow. Congrats on your Caps
Thanks. I got fancy and almost messed everything up. Where was my production assistant then!?
hahaha slick, I miss you too text me
god evening!!
and hopefully and too! Yes?? Dude, you wanna pick up from work on my break?
John Erskine won't play for #Capitals. Jeff Schultz in the lineup.
no, that wouldn't be news, that's every minute of every day. He has the annoyance level of Steve Urkle on speed.
And then once you're hooked the more you'll want to do it, and you'll naturally get faster and go farther.
Thanks for the RT - usually has good stuff to share! :)
When in doubt, brand it!
we leave the base out to charge but the brushes are covered in a cabinet. #youwannafuckonme?"
Going To Bed With My Girlfriend iN Mind <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B> iLove Her
Mayweather's woman looks like a ho....whereas Cotto's little Ginger GF is much more conservative & sexy
Excellent kid's show on Saturday put on by Storytelling Arts of Indiana. We'll be checking out more of their kid's shows.
lick ;p
Library digital dashboards on mobile. Compelling mobile web project results from student workers guided by clear vision.
can I lick the candy canes dangling from your branches???? I promise no blue balls allowed on your trunk... :D
So many donations coming in from #amexaustin10 with AmEx Sync - keep them going today and make a donation to ACS!
successful date nite with !! ;) ;)
amen & hallelujah RT : #HappyRecordStoreDay. Many of life's little problems have
oh ok that's cool
#RestlessRascals clothing line is officially in #FunkyTown holla at ya boy, We bout to make history
Boston Lager
yes,yes! gone to NYC this week! back next..after that? even girls and drinks? mwah!
I really like your song!
. I thought we all grew up learing that you pay a hooker then kill her to get your money back. Use a bat to save ammo.
Thank you to all who viewed my poster and to those who wrote their own 6 word library memoirs!
haha nice. I'm sure it will be quite interesting since it has to do with my profession of choice!
Well. Theres fish and other Mexican food. Lol.
hello there! thank you so much for the shoutout my friend~ have a great day :)
A smart friend shared a life philosophy with us at dinner tonight. "If three or more people have a problem with u, then they r not problem"
Follow the incredibly talented and handsome members of at you wont regret it :)
Friday Reading: Student Loan Debate Becomes Election-Year Fight
already got itt
Some of us are quiet because we're worried our thoughts might come out
everyone checkout its for sure the best auto collision center in the south east..new to twitter so follow it
that's the scary part we haven't, & were renting a house (idontlike) but yup get ready it'll be next week
well im in my bedroom lol
what do you mean??
if you have a choice go with the iPhone.... Unless you're really accident prone haha! :)
is jb nice?
Okay you give wade that exact same call.. but not jones...
don't tell me what to do.
i made it like 3 years ago haha i was weird :P
I told you -- I'M NOT EATING MY FEELINGS!!
lol y'all crazy
Morning everyone...check out my new website. www.calixtrostudios.com
ohh ok. lol I post a lot of petitions and not sure if you see them or not
Good Luck..! in the 4G Tweet Race
Dibs! :) RT : 2 word obituary: Game over.
HELLO....TWITTER WORLD....IM WORKIN ...NO SLEEP 4 Me...CHICAGO ON MY MIND !
no new brushes but a NEW COACH PURSE :)
RT encouraged at the Tampa Bay Leadership Breakfast. Heard from Tampa Mayor, Bay News 9 sr. anchor &golf pro Wally Armstrong
So my friend tried to buy tickets to the Nicki Minaj concert today when they went on sale on the 4th -_____-
Those few very loyal fans aren't going to make the team money the way a large fan base would. Gotta go where the money is.
I need to get on that right away
Don't know what's gonna happen here but good or bad it's gonna be Russ see TV
I dunno, the crew didn't seem to be enjoying their shawarma...
At open forum on future of Public Historian. Sizeable crowd here for the conversation.
If I did not already have plans for that weekend it looks fun.
OMG YES
ReSharper->Options->Languages->C#->NamespaceImports->Add using directive to the deepest scope
Thanks for the follow I look forward to your tweets
Check out our online specials. Make an appointment today for a better smile or order our teeth whitening kit for home use.
I never finished my Diet Coke, :(
Just 10 minutes until today's #KidsLiveWell Twitter Party! See you there? is a #kidslivewell partner
Your net worth to the world is usually determined by what remains after your bad habits are subtracted from your good ones.~Ben Franklin
Idgaf if I'm putting too much info on twitter its my shit, Let me vent
lmao you know im joking broseph :-P
RT : #chat2lrn Put your money where your mouth is and be transparent.
hey love how are you?
Thanks for the RT sir!
I can't be the only person in the world that wakes up every single Morning with a stuffy nose.. Right? I hate it so much
Apparently I can't understand things
Is it time yet? Can't sleep!
Christine russell. Splintering of media prompts silos of political polarization.
Oh dear. LOL!
Tough to easily quantify how much MCA and the Beastie Boys shaped my taste over the years. For starters, they made music fun.
Wheres jason when you need him....i swear...
haha I know... I miss her when she's gone, the problem comes when she visits!
ur definition of dumb rachet girls?
What to do when you’re wrong: a) admit you’re wrong, b) make adjustments, c) move along. |
Finally watching Sherlock: A Scandal in Belgravia on PBS! I freaking love this series.
Really? Chicago feed?
Bright perfect!
also I'm not the other
I enjoy that show as well. O you got ur pickle. :-)
that was funny
what do you think about this Joe Paterno situation?
>when the lady in line at hollister spends $300 & doesnt understand english...
that's so true. Just a little push on the comfort zone makes a big difference. That discomfort must be the change zone ;-)
Miss ethiopia didn't get her visa so she won't be competing for #missworld 2011!
Have you ever loved someone so much you would do anything for them in life? I love someone this much
We like to showcase creative teaching: Alexandra discussing her service-learning QR code proj w/ the 5th grade. Used to get others involved!
Uh, I failed tonight's lesson in pain management. Only beer can flush the lactic acid out of my legs.
That should be game right there.
blah blah blah
Christian Bale, you're laying on the accent pretty thick. Can't you just act American, like, always?
well good for you!(:
aren't i jus behind in updates. busy, busy, busy!! but... doing very well, today is a GREAT DAY... Visit http:/www.pinkpages2go.com Today!
you have cat to be kitten me right meow -_-
Boy, you my temporary high.
No twitter from work allowed
still hungover from friday....ugh!!!
Nice costumes #Chargers, I almost thought you were football players for Halloween.
On 3/14 (10% off day), from 9 am to 3 pm, Borlind's Gloria Frankie will be at the Co-op for skin care consulations. Plus, all Borlind...
Seahawks got a win!!
#NP In the Morning by J. Cole ft. Drake
yeah yeah I'm comin
P.S......bring granny with you LOL
Thank you ! We miss you in Chicago!
well..it makez me sorta sad that i <3 him so much and i sent him my link to check it out and he didnt even look at it ..):
If the #Bills really want to sign a Vince, they'd be better off with the Sham-Wow guy.
Happy Fathers Day to all the Dads out there! I'm going to dinner with my oldest son and his lady tonight! Chicago has SO many restaurants!
hey can u dm me ur # pls need some things from u
Trust.... is like a piece of paper... Once it's crushed, it cant be perfect again.
ha! It's warm enough to run suga!! LOL I am soo glad you are at Community Covenant! Pastor Luke is amped about that!
you rock Kevin!
I know this is odd but... can everyone that sees this take a second and pray for my bff Liz's mom who is having surgery on May 18th...
Fells point ghost tour - scary!
Thinking of starting a blog documenting suspicious movement/displacements of abandoned plastic baby stroller outside. That's just spooky..
"Ben Handelman followed you." Wise choice.
Favorite beauty secret is drinking enough water. Keeping yourself hydrated inside and out keeps you looking and feeling young.
WOO!! ima be on channel 15 news!! but thts cuz i passed by the cam as they were recording.lmao :P
Thank you both! We're working on setting up some shows, so keep an eye out. Details coming soon.
False. Mayo free.
Joseph Graham from American Chemical Society Publications, just introduced grid view to mimic browsing print pubs
Sounds delicious RT : My favorite summer recipe is Chips w/ Quacamole, Salsa & Camarones (Shrimp) ceviche
Now its going to be a long week.
yeah!! Well my parents lived there & that's where they met & my brother was born there too. :)
Except chess.
thank you Butch!
A bad combination. Sounds like pregnancy symptoms.
I hope you get feeling better soon. You sounded terrible on
amen! I'm counting down the hours, too! Can't wait for some sunshine ad warm weather!
Thank you so much! Don't get sick of it :P
I love my music scene - jamming to if you don't live in Portland, you are really missing out.
Thanks 2 everybody that support my music, I really appreciate yal I wiill keep it coming an, I also will keep yal up on all the latest music
I'm asking what am I doing here here here
Three words: Constant Growing Audience
CAL offered to play EVERY year at Lucas Oil... 50,000 fans 50/50 How is that not great? Large venues =
It is amazing to me to come from Park City, Utah w sub freezing temps to California where I camped out last 2 nights in redwoods & Mount Tam
Night Club Singer and Recording Artist (Frank Tony style) send you some free recordings mp3. just message me your e mail address. ENJOY J
Such a pleasure meeting F2F in Charlottesville at today's World Peace screening
The worst part about being lied to is knowing you weren't worth the truth at all to that person.
You will count my toilet over my cold, dead ass cheeks!
the AB Causeway and I now have a love/hate relationship.
Nice to meet you, Kirk.
My sister just went into labor!! Can't wait to meet my nephew.. come on justin william!! I'm going to be an auntie!! :p
Well, that was a huge improvement; I thought I had bricked this server. At least it's back to failing more successfully.
The Abelisaurus, glancing up from its bloody meal toward the massive incoming meteor, roared might'ly to the skies: TENURE.
Thank you for the RT
Thanks for the follow Sara. If you want any promotional help (such as an interview) let me know.
so your vote is for duo?
hard haha mmhmm we go exercise
Everybody Yeah Rock your body Yeah Everybody Rock your body right Backstreet's back, alright Alright
Saw and Barry working out on the Lakeshore trail over the lunch hour. Made me excited for Big Ten Football this weekend!
Now I know why. #Ihatewinniethepooh RT : "He has poor worth ethic" -Will about Winnie the Pooh
Finally found a jicama!
Dont give me a hug if I dont know you, makes me uncomfortable.
Movie recommendation is Irene Cara in "Fame"
dunnoo, been a while since I used it :c
Sally Ferreira receiving business cards from GSEA Group - she's currently a contestant on Model Latina :)
but shit man its been a LOT o' shit goin on ima hit you up tomorrow to fill you in completely
I'm not a Literalist, I believe the story has a deeper meaning to complex to discuss here, but in the end..cont
i wish i could finish everything with eh?
o, that's a tough one! I err on the keep side because I have a small inclination toward hoarding. So don't listen to me.
Any other day I would be highly upset that its 6 and I'm up but nope that rain does wonders had the best sleep
This Movie<<<<<
no, this wasn't about you. it was about almost everyone, in general.
Tina Fey SNL verdict: better than avg SNL, but wasn't very Tina-centric at all. There was Tina-riffic bit in Weekend Update though.
Aw. my poor auzzie. Whats up? Well you know its good and then its good. so. no complaints.
Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act. ~ Truman Capote
... my Tweetdeck columns and start over, so I resist. :-) Did you catch any of the USA P C Challenge?
Thanks for sharing your near death experience with me, from now on you should listen to my advice about the ghetto.
i honestly love you to death! you are like my twin & bestfriend! i couldn't do this without you qirly! you're amazinq! <3
Another 9am start again tomorrow. Let's just open already LoL
Instead of kicking ass and taking names it's "I want some soup" any other pathetic idiots too?
There is some action in our November issue - they are hot off the press, we will head over this afternoon with some copies!
no its not.
Did you try the link and were you able to go directly to the funny part?
love Restoration Hardware- you're the sweetest! Thanks for sharing!
She gets the guys I like, she gets the part I want in shows, she gets into choirs I don't get into, and she can go fuck herself.
Just tapped, Black Diamond Brewing Jagged Edge IPA (replaces Single Wide IPA)
So proud of you ! First show of many more to come! Can't wait to see you in New York!
i only just finished setting up the bed... Looks like this is going to be a long night.
Why don't sheep shrink when it rains?
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 30
Dear God, please help me to recognize the truth about myself, no matter how beautiful it is. ~Alan Cohen
#schoolmemories the balloon hat guy and MySpace . Only will understand
And if you love the song, make sure to stop by our stickam tonight at 5:30 for an exclusive acoustic performance!
The award for Most Amazing Eyebrows goes to Jean Dujardin!
Bball Team Camp Registration is going strong! Over 150 teams and 11 states currently represented!
From THE genius of advertising, Fairfax Cone, "Advertising is what you do when you can't go see someone."
Wish I were able to do that more often.
He's Spiderman.
Thank You! <3 RT : Follow , and , they are awesome and I'll give you a shout-out!!
#ThingsEminemTaughtMe that I'm not alone, and I can holla if I feel like I've been down the same ROAD c':
My life is never dull. I'm actually living my dreams tho. I wish this for everyone. We're meant to live like this.......maybe
Reading The Hunger Games series. Definitely lives up to the hype.
#Awkward when someone right infront of you is walking the same speed, and going the same way. =O
good maybe just feeling sick idk if i'm really sick or something else
& poof your gone! Where did u go?
thanks for the follow :) hope you are well!
Eating a delicious birthday cupcake from Swedish Bakery - thanks TK!
Time to spend those new Raven Dollars. How about warming up with a Andes Mountain Hot Chocolate? Hurry before it's gone!
yep, the thing rips out and drags behind you for miles while you wonder 'what the hell is that noise'
Heh. Me too. First lawn I've mowed in years. Actually, I taught Sarah how to mow. Good skill for a 12-year-old. :-)
whoo hoo, good deal! I was late turning the game on, rewarded with scoring instead of free beers.
Can't stop laughing
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho lie, steal, act like assholes after 1 drink and generally suck. I know far too many o these ppl
And seriously, Kuechly top ten? Everything else is just icing
Cute Kid(s) Alert! Kingston & Zuma Rossdale Have Family Fun Day at the Zoo (PHOTOS) Instead of visiting Santa, the Stefani-Rossdale famil
<3 Chinese Room. Inspiration to all gamers and designers who aren't impressed with the current status quo of games.
A lot of articles about Python on ycombinator lately. That's encouraging.
much better.
LOL. I know what you mean. I'm fairly private online when it comes to my deep thoughts, but this needed to be written
'Austin is a 16 year old singer who lives in Miami' Thats going to take a while for getting used to <3
Saw the new pictures and you look very stunning! :)
You can just go ahead and count on me tweeting exclusively about cheese curds for the rest of the day.
Promoters, I'm currently taking bookings for November & December in TX, NM & CO. Still free for New Year's Eve, get at me!
Thanks Craig. Wild Cards are coupons in the Bucky Book. Pg 561 if you have one.
The lawyer n Florida who "won" a $500,000 settlement from the irs was NOT subjected to gun threats or check forgery, we were, we got nothing
Never forget 9.11.2001. Remember all those who died. Innocent people
wait your 44 too?
they were so good..
Gregory Issacs or DIE!!!
Agreed. Nothing goes better with food than Winos RT : I think and should join forces.
My first mothers day wuss the best.! Thank you two everyone who called n text me today I appreciate it.! :)
The Derby? Watched but didn't bet!
Can't wait to be a travelling employee just when I start to hate people, I get to leave
Why do you type like that...?
#Team Follow Back !! Follow my Cousin Dezzie-Muslim-Swaqq
go away.
No shave November
survived AWP. now to survive the transition back into reality where asking "are you a poet?" is somehow an insult.
Having one of those weird days where literally everyone I look at seems familiar
The breath you inhaled to speak the words that broke my heart; is the same breath when you exhaled God used to mend it. >truevoice
Just got 6 seasons of LOST explained to me in 5 min. You people got screwed.
When did you get on here?! Work is cool. How's everything? Miss you amigo!!!
I will take on the new week with a smile on my face and a great attitude!!!!!!!!!
grateful to announce my client, West End Press, has a new homepage (shock! awe!) 2-year-old content now vaporized http//www.westendpress.org
Minimum wage for servers in MO is $3.63/hr, not $7.25... Tips pay the bills...
If the implication is that he didn't look like he was headed to a job, it may well have been LenDale White.
Only in Tennessee can you find goats behind a BBQ restaurant.
Did you ever imagine what it would be like if your cooling system allow you to control temperature and air quality? Check out our website
Yep! Love it. That .one is Sundays
All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height
This is wicked exciting guys....now I gotta do my hair
just ate. Had friend in town from MN. what looks good this week?
Going to sleep state test in the morning wish me luck goodnight
What is all this about the UK running out of petrol?
Writing about in a paper on #SacredHarp singing and the folk revival.
can I get a follow back?
thats for sure!!
Plan school not school planning
Chick asks me if I could move/change places for her study group ....
... the money you spent on KS projects wasn't going to go into savings or the landfill otherwise. It changed how you decided.
is signing timesheets.
RT : A star wants to see himself rise to the top. A leader wants to see those around him rise to the top. - Simon Sinek
just turned it on, thanks for the reminder.
Cincinnati bound. My first time there. Can't wait!
I think the world is just jealous of google because they are smarter than everyone
Los Angeles - DowntownMajor law firm; 3 to 6 years.
oh yeah I'm a balla at football!
side note look at the pic I was tagged on fb.... #shade! It's me first years in drag!!!! Lmao!
Bennett just sympathized w the board's decision to hire back 300 teachers: vosd.org/pVIV1J As policy decision, that risk maybe worth it
RT : 2 seperate issues, In the US, a book title, for example, isn't protected; perhaps it is diff. elsewhere, but I hope not.
“ "opponents of #MadisonPrep will clearly consider last night a victory." I'm an opponent&don't think it a victory. No one won.”
No! Bought the beautiful leather cafe bag back in stock & on sale. told it was delivered, days later told it's not in stock. :(
If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?
Yum, their woodfired pizza sounds really good. :)
LMAO nobody noticed either huh???
#Oomf She only gave me notes on some lessons in precalculus not all of them, she is really trying to grind my gears
Tomorrow! Watch for updates from guest tweeter Shaun Smith, our Tournament Mgr & arbiter of the G-STAR RAW Chess Challenge! rwcc.g-star.com
: It's #MondayMood check in time. What does your "b" t-shirt say today? Mine: b clear.
preview of 3m cloud library set to roll out in 3/12. Sign up early for 3 yr commitment and get discount off $15k base price. Hm ..
cause they are innovators, game changers. I want to be them one day. I would want to be like Justin but I don't have the looks.
Yes, w/ good injury luck. Tho also depends on whether/how Utd/City/Chel strengthen.
Who wants to hangout downtown Portland tomorrow?
DIET: Add spice to your food. Spice helps us eat less.
Justin is always off when we trend something about him...
awesome! Im watching Downton. Totally in love with Matthew. :) Can't want for next season.
: chilling in yo lobby waiting to get this tech on...
I'm so weird.
Nobody has ever measured, even poets, how much a heart can hold.
I'M SO READY.
Yup I'm gonna get old now :(
"Get that Chrysler off my lawn!"
I knew us say that! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
It's so nice our today!
Showers throughout the night, good for my garden. Cool cloudy morning. . . a very different summer this year. . .
please don't...
Thx! Give our meat & veggies a try--u might be surprised. Our produce ratings help u find the best of what's in season right now
t-__- RT“: Even when in dead serious, I make people laugh. That's my life. A joke.”
I'm sleepy but I can't sleep... Wtf?!
WTF are you talking about? You have 3 followers?
Cleaning up room ready for vlogging soon
Haha! For those who are friends with my on Facebook, please keep in mind that Nate doesn't hold back.
Listening to Oak Hills Schools talk about their BYOD eLearning initiative at the FSN K-12 Education Seminar
The home plate in a baseball game is 17 inches wide!
When I experience lack in my life, it is because I am giving my attention to the absence of what I want. Today, I focus on finding my joy.
that was two pretty evenly matched teams. Nice year.
Johnny Griffin, "Live in Cologne 1973" w/ Kenny Drew and Art Taylor. First time on CD. Where are they findings these gems? ?
AJ suited all in, guy waits till 1 sec left on clock to call with 10's it's only 5% of his stack...asshole! flop 7 9 J and of course 8 comes
Just borrowed that from my stepmom today. not too excited to read it anymore.
EMAIL HEADSHOTS AND RESUMES ONLINE INSTEAD OF WAITING UNTIL JULY 11TH. EMAIL TO: attn: casting dept.
hi Austin. How are you?<3
Thank you. I am folowing you.
Watching HBO movie "To Big to Fail" about the banking crisis ... really well done IMO
LEARNING SHOULD BE SOMETHING THAT OUR KIDS ARE ADDICTED TO: If they dread education then we are to blame not them
Man my left top of my wrist is all scarred. Eh
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (813) 352 3275 Tampa Weekend Special. Call NOW
i'm going to forward you precise lastest joint "shot's fired" off of the shots fired soundtrack.
"You can marry a turtle." -Bill O'Reilly
When coach says meet at the track, something dies inside me
remember like yesterday when that anon told me i'm too annoying to you and i should shut up and i just laughed for five minutes
Ahh! I love House Hunters and guessing which house they picked haha
oh okay:)
People must start feeding the poor hungry Walmart parking lot birds.
So much fresh music for #HurricaneOReillys tonight..one of the best Bar Scenes in #Boston.. - you already know
Keratin Straightening Treatment starting at $150 in October!!!!
In digital age, Reptar puts live show first - Online Athens
thanks for the retweet! have a great weekend
THANK YOU. I didn't recall seeing that there before.
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePricelessInMyLife my best friends!
Back on my feet after being knocked out by the flu. Need to take better care of my health, apparently.
Never know when Google will crawl resources - this can be an issue if you switch link resolver providers - Herrera
I doooont know.. ill have to ask my father.
Time to do the easiest thing in the world, a 500 word essay On why I wanna go to a college class(:
I am 6.. my mom runs my page... LOL.. Thanks so much.. I really appreciate it!!!
Crazy travel day but wonderful day.
didnt even know you were on til I saw your tweets on LinkedIn.
kinda wish Harris English's tee shot had hit that volunteer in the family jewels so I could've made the obligatory Al Czervik joke
let the hatters hate!!! Stay strong!!!
We'll be serving Pinkberry poolside at Franco's in #Mandeville today for Ladies Day Out!
The White Stripes on a good way to start a cold morning
that sucks, hope he's ok
Well I'm finally here
what's up Boogie? Watching that game today?
Alright. I gotta go now. I'll talk to you later. Love you. (:
I always knew Adele was gorgeous, but I had no idea she was silly and hilarious! Haha, you learn something new everyday. :D
it was awful
peaches & cream from
thanks for the followback! Check out my Tats in the future :D
-I never been so alone in my life...where did everyone go? :(
YOU MAKE THE CALL! Boston Celtics in the Playoffs 2012?
I got shampoo in my eye -_o
I'm scrapping everything I've been working on. Back to the drawing board for me!
More than you
Need new people to hang with
Expecting a bigger crowd for the FREE BINGO tomorrow -- the more the merrier -- excellent prizes plus community-based fun & games.
Crying at everything. Obama's speech, cheering people in Chicago, McCain's speech... everything.
Already following :¬) Go video!
I had a lot of texts when I woke up. I feel loved a little. :)
Coming together is a beginning.Keeping together is progress.Working together is success. - Henry Ford
#FF and there are donuts in the office. Jackpot! Enjoy your weekend!
Are you going to make time for a Yankees game or Rangers playoff game??
hahaha I will! How much y'all running?
#Imagine A was listening to bedrock. Austin:"I would make (ur name)'s bed rock anyday ;)" Michele:"WHAT?" Austin: "Err..ur hairs pretty."
Soon my sweet Billy. :) And we need to record together!
follow back? c:
switched to chrome a few months ago. Great browser. I have a list of some good extensions. Maybe a #dc407 talk.
Haha I WISH! I have a midterm in 22 fenway from 2-4... Cool. YOU have fun! haha
15 EMS units are in service in Cleveland.
If BF & CD go through, think we'll see CD's a little more challenged by reg pattern in Nov election. You going on record? ;)
Apologies, our website is currently down due to routine maintenance. We should be up and running soon. Thank You for your patience.
"Guns don't kill people. People with mustaches do."
There are no rules of architecture for a castle in the clouds
Dentist appts. Are never fun =\
And it should be nice and cool in SLC! RT : the conference looks really interesting.
Remember, there is no argument that cannot be won by screaming "Socialism!"
Value the people who sacrifice their something for you, because maybe that something was their everything..
Just implemented our cross Canada shipping for rentals with FedEx. New toll free number now available 1-866-GOLF(4653)-231.
please have one sooner, your parties are too much fun to wait till next yr. Rms in my 1938 house too tiny for our gang! HNY
is offering free shipping this week on their egg-, dairy- and nut-free baked goods!
Yes. I heard they were always late to the set in that Hitchcock film.
I follow both u two lovely ladies..
If you press me to say why I loved him, I can say no more than because he was he, and I was I.
Lmao who remembers that club GRHAMS by hanks that shit was tight!!
still no #11nb 8:32 Fleet/Boston, please report
while relevant, not sure "365 things to do in Seattle before you die" is the most appropriate ad on a memorial Facebook page
RT : Looking forward to launch of Dell's Social Media Listening Command Center today at HQ. Thx to our SM team and
The #Flyers changed their line literally two seconds into the game, but it didn't work. We'll see if the #Pens have learned anything.
it's here via How are you my friend? So wonderful to follow your good work. namaste.
booth = #1503 demos on 1) value benefits of #HANA from Dell & 2) services 4 SAP environ transformation to the cloud
Playing the "will I need this in the field" game
it's a frisco thing.
Last time was not an attempt! It was a perfectly executed gastronomic masterpiece! And don't forget chocolaty
thanks... I'll check him out.
More work to put in.
For some reason, your RSS feed for SUACI is giving me unprocessed markdown rather than HTML. Also it's stripping line breaks.
i want u to take over control take take over control lock it in an turn me on
it's weird how often I dream that I'm in Family Guy.
3.2. From The Hard Collection –(vol. I).
your family rocks! Where the hell were you? ;)
Anybody need wine storage? I might know a guy...
I hate when I get comfortable in my bed then all of sudden I have to use the bathroom lol
I'm working on your mothers day gift right now! :)
good look bro bro
Teachers = heroes making a positive impact every day! Tell us the name of a teacher that inspired you!
#Chulavista council agrees there's no need to reactivate the city's Economic Development Commission.
Merciiiiiiii bien chere Rachel! I've just taken a look at "Carnival Stranger". Very nice!! Love the song!
Reading Stephen Hawkins's biography....awesome
SYSIT (signs your story's in trouble): You get back from assignment, your notes are gibberish and you can't remember anything significant.
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” <U+2015> Oscar Wilde
Stacks of deliverables going out the door...meetings scheduled....and yes #TopSecretProject is closer to being announced.
Live not to see through each other but to see each other through...
this maybe one of the stupidest games I've ever seen. win or lose they should be ashamed of themselves
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont black high nike socks with sandals...
Don't sit here & say I don't text you when everytime we start texting you stop replying ! Just saying.
when we talk about ourselves parts of brain light up - same parts that light up when we eat.
Ion forget nudan
I had so much fun whit the family today and tonight we all had fun plus I went swimming that was fun I am blessed ..
what's up with this Noel guy. Enlighten us sports knowledge moderates
of course i'm referring to shoes.
RT <U+279E><U+279E> #TEAMINSTANTFOLLOW RETWEET THIS TWEET FOR LOADS MORE FOLLOWERS x
Ice cube in coors light commercial... #Howlowdoyougo #wtf #really?
I'm right up front, third row. Young crowd than most CHF events I'd say.
im in the studio mixing my new mixtape. i dont sleep...
dude I want food cuz I'm fat
It's Friday and you know what that means.... Farragut square!!!!!! come get your tacos. Al pastor, pollo sofrito, vegan potato and barbacoa
KickAss hithirl rescue made me better at cod i am like playing and now i think of strobe lightgo to robins revenge Yeh
Arnold is an idiot!!
it's in mine too :D or my best friends!
RT : I saw children in a Fort Atkinson community-based 4K program enjoy story time & learn more about their public...
I'll break your heart,like I break the laws.
Look for San Diego in Michael Bay's Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen!
Great program about the Titanic currently airing on the History Channel.
Ridiculous. We play by the rules and the RNC whines.Romney team cheats and we hear crickets
lmfao I am good Hun how bout you? Where u from?
i feel like shit, thanks to you.
I need some major dick right now
Said it before, I'll say it again - you are BEYOND awesome, dude. Give Alice my home number. :)
GCLL is paying the money. Let's see if it works out.
Completed a draft marketing plan for review by Hidden Garden Steps organizing committee members at their next meeting;
Its the last day of the #sweetauburnfest after the festival shuts down party continues Come 2 #palsloungeatl 4 a drink!
finally done with WHAP stuff...
Storms are hitting a line from Menomonee Falls to Brookfield to Muskego right now.
I wish #oomf was w me right now
unhappily i must brave the grocery store, again. for the sake of hummus and Grolsch beer for my dad. but, i get to drive my mom's car!
did you go to gym. I forgot
I'm taking a sommelier class--started this past week with the Wine Academy in Crystal City--already familiar with AOC but learning ITALY!!!!
I still think Eminem came up with YOLO in Bad Influence.. lol
hey, one of my aunts in the Philippines had an extension built onto her house for her husband since divorce isn't legal there.
Being a "Sender" 2day..Hooked my unsaved friend up with a church in FT. Myers FL..Praying 4 a Christmas Salvation!
That's probably a good working theory.
Just stop & respect my relationship already . -.-
To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich. ~ Muhammad Ali
Thanks to for the RT
hey bill what's going on? long time no see.
there r child labor laws! Is dante geettin one for his bday?
After a long fun weekend reality sets in.
I try to open to the forum or approach that is most useful for them. I've answered emails, posts at the Ning, Google Doc invites.
I'm so glad the mall has WiFi :))
Brandon Phillips sucks too.
Enjoying the feeling of a great #acting class followed by a great #audition, on a gorgeous day in one of my favorite parks.
Another day, another fellowship application. Washington State writers, the Artist Trust Literary Arts Fellowship App. is due Feb. 29th.
Give me a shockabra
EVERYBODY on my TL'S battery is dying ... Lol NOT MINE THO
Shut up Bachmann!
Where's my daaddy ? Im hungryy ;(
Yes actually it is... It is against the TOS which is very clear on the subject. You should delete any requests for clicks
if i get to go to the beach again Sunday I'm gonna shit
nothing like an RFP to school you on roman numerals.
Np find a place I love him so much giving us this wonderful music
Great talk on Spatial Epidemiology by UIUC's Marilyn Ruiz here at
The race toward smartphone sale supremacy is such an intriguing contest. Reports broke last week that Apple took the lead from Nokia in Jun…
do you have an instagram? I'm posting pics up there
Heaven! I love Corn Pops!
most entertaining #ignitedmc of the day -- way to bring it home! # pdxdmc
although my use case is really simple, redis is working out to be a great solution
Circles, we're going in circles Dizzy's all it makes us We know where it takes us We've been before Aw such a great song <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
At a mexican party...damm this ppl do love to dance!
“: You rarely get a convincing lecture on "playing to your strength" from a bald guy with a ponytail.”
don't say things like that. There's always hope
So, seriously this past two years in Miami, I have learned a hell of alot.
Mom is dangerously depressed. Dad is in ICU from a surgery went wrong. Brothers don't even talk to me anymore. Damn...
finish it! Lol #WalkingDead so much to talk about!!
That looks like just another day of practice for us!
Philadelphia Eagles Add Some Promising Undrafted Free Agents: A Fan's Take - Yahoo! Sports
close the deal today.....
No, thank you. I had a good time & you cats came to play! RT : thanks for coming by last week !
Gossip Girl TONIGHT!
Walk into Front Page randomly w friends from Athens and decide to play trivia on a whim. Win. Awesome night
Hey did you get my request for Words With Friends?
We would love to. So far we have Germany and Italy in June but would love to play in the UK.
I Wonder If She Maybe Is Just Taking A Break From The Internet?
I'll be sure to do that. Thanks for your FB link. :)
Too much pride to say sorry !
It's still gorgeous!!!! A bunch of us went for the new "lob" and already want extensions! It looks gorgeous and healthy;)
Thank You for a great race day!! You were such a rock star!
Chewing on a cup full of ice. I'm turing into you, !
Congrats on discrimination NC : BREAKING: NC voters approve constitutional amendment defining marriage as union between a man and woman
wtf how cute you bitch! :P
you're so sweet :). Show your friends!!
I could use a little vitamin C in my life... The actual vitamin not the artist. However, I haven't heard that graduation song in a minute
I told you i had to go to church lol
Oh wait. New iPhone comes out this summer? So 4S will be even cheaper? Wonder how much the 5 will cost?
I want it to snow MORE so badly!! I want lots of snow!!
I'd thank you for the RT, but it goes without saying. ;-)
How many of you were an hour early for whatever it was you were doing today?
so how was ur days
Still writing this song about you. I need verses and a bridge...really like how it's going. Thanks for the influence. :)
Nah, dude. We'll be away for the ThanksTakin'. You in town?
Lol at the sixth graders who think they're better than everyone else.
Cindy using a case study on change to demonstrate how participants can maintain engagement thru the use of polling & chatting
can't wait for this week to be over; only gonna take five 5 minute breaks for the rest of the night then goin to sleep at 2 am
spotify is a gift from god
Lots of new likes in the past few days. Thank you to the Lionesses of LinkedIn! :)
Heading home after a great weekend and successful leadership training.
you have an awesome sister! She is such an inspiration to me i love #teamcaitlin forever!
Yes!! Iced Vanilla Soy Latte! cheers my friend :) Iced Coffee? Latte?
Thank you - we will get on it right away!
Who likes Inna? She's pretty good!
Life is uncertain. Eat dessert first...Stop in @ Firehook Bakery and Coffee House!!
I would like to present to you a break through in technology, "3D Without Glasses"You have to see it to believe it! Darren
Good morning.
You weigh as much as I do fatty looks like someone needs to stop benching..
Death by shark or death by Courtney? Same thing.
We do. They've been getting a lot of good attention. You should check them out. : )
you better feed that man and treat him right tonight cause he was clutch & put on for the city.
that's all we can do.
Anyone know of a local printer (Carmel, Fishers, Noblesville) that can do a 24 hr turn around?
First day one this thing, still trying to figure it out. Lousy day out, don't want to work later, still working on school stuff.
10 Best Inanimate Objects on Twitter
Im your last resort
your book is making my life really happy.
MT You live 7 years longer (on average) if you live with a strong sense of purpose.
Yep she def does cause she was just bitching at me for losing so much in poker lately.
I need to step my tweetin game up
Sorry Cubbies, not your day.
your profile is creeping me out.
I love
People w/ stress or depression are prone to gum disease & inflection. Get superior oral care & take charge of your health. www.closys.com
Leaving the house in my dad's Monterey jazz fest sweatshirt, raggedy yoga pants, chucks w/ crazy hippie hair = major stares in Bev Hills
Legs are stiff ass hell to Damn big fa da seat
Best quote today "does Newt Gingrich suddenly have an electability argument to make?" - made me laugh.
that is a HUGE #citesFail. too bad that level of fail is also totally unsurprising...
Okay girl. I think you figured it out. A family is about love and forgiveness. Way to be
I'd love to hear the story behind that one. How close are we to taking some new field trips??
Well im not really watching it, just listening
He will never love u, ur in denial , u were dumped, please move on!! Lol
: Adams' Hallelujah Junction?
haha quite a late response. I was all about updating. Haven't noticed a difference yet
amazing cool bags & stuff. must check them out. support local rochester creatives
she always wins
i love......... #TheyKnowWhoTheyAre ....it's only 2 of dem <3
Also new right now is the Lemon Caramel Truffle, lots of melty caramel with a suprising real lemon burst.
Can't think of a better place to be on St. Patrick's Day than Boston! Happy St. Patrick's Day.. Be safe.
YEAH BUDDY! haha
Watch this end up like Gifboom. Cool for a day or two.
Hope this day gets better .
first night at 680.
Not just any slippers, stylish ones with like diamonds and shit on them <3
Is today like sub teacher day?
thanks for the mention. The bread ninja is not on twitter. She is just that underground.
if you still like Frank S, Tony B NatK And dean type music Say yes!
Dang our electricity went out
that is terrible!!!
: Yes, I made a wish
We have just over a month till the March screening!
Watching New York Undercover.
RT - Suicide is never the answer. Never, ever, ever.
oh my god is that an reference
That awkward moment when a guy is blasting 'Boyfriend' in his truck...
The "Job Opportunities" board = 1980s Craigslist.
Stoked about "Ramp It Up" exhibit opening. First EVER traveling exhibit about
HATE is such a strong word. Ugh
I guess that makes us even since you made mine. Great post! You should be tweeting the heck out of it.
what do your rates look like man? We are looking at recording a two song demo soon.
Awesome~ keep releasing & allow our father 2 elevate u :) #Godsgotu!!!
yes I do
Happy Friday Fans! Post some pics of your gigs this weekend to win a Snark tuner next week! Details on Monday... See ya on the flip side!
*shakes head*
#ILTA11 has been another fantastic event. Thanks to all the team for all the hard work that goes into it.
GAH! My hype for #Avengers is so high right now. I can't wait 8 more days. :(
I'll try my best not to. I just can't take it at times. Thanks<3
Thank you!!
Cool man!
Next ArtSounds performance: 7:30 p.m. Feb. 14 in Epperson Auditorium. David Overholt, Tyler Galloway, Andrew Cole in "Absence and Presence."
Dear whoever you might be...I'm still waiting patiently-The Civil Wars
Just had a great conversation with about Interactive Books for the iPad. This lady is a leader in this field.
Wow! 4,200 Thanks! We love you little rockstars!
hahaha, no im not.
S/O to for holding that tattoo ish down...
Or -8..I'm bad at math.
dang. Was hoping I was wrong :) back to the drawing board I go. Thank you!
nice! thanks! do they hand motions to songs? bc that's my favorite part of church camp
Just watched Michelle Williams's "Blue Valentine"
dear hugo. it felt right.
Aww, thanks love! RT Great pics! Looked all the different looks :) xx
about to Frozen Waffle so hard
thanks mama!
Just made some chocolate Chip pancakes
I need more followers
I should try that next year. Running long indoors on a treadmill is boring like hell. This sounds much better
EVOs are shit. There I said it. Sue me.
Happy Holidays from the staff at Cycle City Promotions....
Wake up, wake up, wake up it's the 1st of the month To get up, get up, get up so cash your checks and get up U DAm RiGht!
and that "I Am The Man" joint by Spade is great!
Focus and empower your actions with your thoughts.
you did some good ballin with that bat!
Agreed. Those were pretty much the greatest 10 minutes of my life. He was so on that day!
sad I'll miss it, post pics!!
WELCOME to the Karma Cafe. There are no menus you get served what you deserve.
mine too. Hey, what does posh totty mean? I know a few of your words like "wanker" and "skint" but not that.
He's Able
ooh, watch I Am Sam. The movie. Not Sam aka who is now out of incarceration.
Shoot I hear thunder
well, that's another option! Bastards!
What's with all the empty seats at Bristol!!
I just picked up BETWEEN THE ACTS the other day to locate a quote and I couldn't put it down. Magnetizing.
amen and AMEN.
Lapse of judgement: went to a shopping mall today. Still in recovery.
i work to hard to let it effect my glory the lord has a plan for me!
Didn't make it into the "Wish the VAN would drive itself session"? Come see us at 2 in Room C for our social organizing discussion
So often time it happens, we all live our life in chains, and we never even know we have the key
Thank you for RTs and mentions!
WHY IS EVERYONE OBSESSED WITH COUNTRY?
I'm a Cal fan because I have no idea what a 'buckeye' is or where you might find one. Cleveland?
pussy cats?
“: u #googleballin yet?” Lmao! No not yet!
i dont think u ever called at my work
mr.stewart marked me tardy for goin to the bathroom <<<<<
Just got back the CD cover for my new EP, "Temporary Sanity". Pretty cool, eh? Thanks so much to Misisipi Mike for his fab job. I'll...
#usbankarena i remember that concert for ever
lol a few still holdin on lol I'm here in el paso til April or may of next year so yay
Hanging out with the tonight. Love what God is doing in this ministry!
can u tell us what you're doing? i haven't worked with teens in many years and i often miss it!
Smoky! Let's bar b cue!
Thank you! RT : Follow ! Best local ale!
Violence at a dice game in DC. Three people shot including a teen. reports on News4
pretty much. And they grabbed some nuts and bolts from the hardware store to fasten them down.
Please talk about how Viola Davis acted circles around you in 'Doubt'--please.
It was great! Now I'm looking for details on putting together a budget for an accessibility initiative that includes travel!
I need to do a vocal warm up before ordering at chipotle.
hahaha I know someone who says that!! Now u know that look I always give her. Hahaha
didnt finish a big project due today in 1st period...im fucked t('-'t)
thanks, apparently I need to be invited to be a part of the cool crowd making it less likely that will even use + to begin with :)
RT : Gorgeous! MT : Check out the artistry behind Bellevue shop, Amore Chocolates...
wait! I'm coming with. But... we can't leave the E THAT empty over here
#AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay "Hahaha" Umm what are you laughing at? Nothing? So stupid.
thanks for following any friend of the Blazers is a friend of ours.
Love: A temporary insanity curable by marriage. - Ambrose Bierce
Holy shit my salon is playing Robbie William's Angels right now. I feel like I'm a senior in high school right now singing along to it.
Ha “: Born ready RT Beyonce will be on today. Not entirely certain is ready for this jelly.
NBC: The plane is a Cessna 421, a small twin-engine propeller aircraft.
That is only the beginning. Next up, "Create Hero" repeatedly resulting in Error 300008.
kind of feels weird saying im single : since iv'e been in a relationship since 2009
follow to dig then build
YEAH BITCH! YEAH BITCH ! CALL ME STEVE-O !
in need of reggae beats...
Looking forward to the first Gone Fishing' of the #NBA postseason.
OMG THE ICE CREAM MAN JUST DROVE BY !
m...peach moonshine, I wish! Just headingtp Maxon for meetings tmrw.
Never Say Never
you don't love someone because they're perfect you love them in spite of the fact that they're not <U+2665> xx
The walls we build around us to keep sadness out also keeps out the joy - Jim Rohn
Kickball season and iPad announcement all in one day. This must be how Andy Dufresne felt...
Just watched a special on a group of 4 kids that killed a homeless guy and got 35 years. Idiots!
good morning
Aw I love ya back mamaz:)! I'll be back... let's go!
Surgery went well. Hoping to be back on my feet in a few days.
great music shoes inside is prolly my fav- but great textures on all of them!
yeah, if they stayed together 3 yrs, they could go deep into the NBA playoffs.
Thanks for the mic. Much better. Kudos for
I'm spreading the word homie! Everyone I show loves yer music. It is incredible, all around! God bless brother
You are most welcome!!
Matt Cooke got the gate for not going Marty McSorley all over Wayne Simmonds.
Do any music shows produce breakout talent anymore?
love you :)
I love that new song by Wale, Jeremih and Rick Ross "That Way" it has a nice groove to it. I should have been in that video with Jeremih
Love listening to black people argue about soccer when they know nothing about it. Things you hear at IUPUI
Bunch of Italians poolside at ocean manor
As far as I'm concerned if my wife doesn't participate in her Mother's Day planning she shouldn't be disappointed when nothing happens!
Yes tonight i do
Power outage in Back Bay.
My favorite part of Beauty and the Beast was when Bella was impressed with the Beast library. I knew a girl like that once.
Tropical smoothie with
RT : #Innovation #news Kapta Systems Selected as One of the Five Innovative HR/Recruiting Technology ...: Boulder, CO......
I guess I'm supposed to go to church *sigh*
Top of the mornin to all you early bird listeners... You're here with Jackie and Carolyn bright and early, call us with any requests!
The reality is if you don’t water your trees now, you could be giving us a call for removal this winter or next spring.
hell yeah son we're only getting better me n you are gonna wreck shit next year bro just wait!!:)
Can't blame the BCS for this lame rematch.
The nastyest thing i ever heard was deep fried butter .
did not go unnoticed in Castle Kay-Skull
Are you having fun on your day off?
In the end, it was the iPhone that saved me
OMG 20 MILLION STRONG!
Logic Pro 9 and a small midi keyboard
“: Everything happens for a reason, or it's because your stupid & your decisions are just terrible.”
Tonight and every Weds night we have #allyoucaneatwings 6-9 and #bartrivia starting at 7.
Let us prove our love for Him by doing what is right, what is holy, doing something which Jesus Himself might do if He were here....
Hello from the Advanced Web Design class at the #IAJGS Conference on #Jewish #Genealogy!
That's only the start. A new ordinance in the CITY of SD will close down every collective and be a de facto ban on them reopening!
in about two weeks, hopefully! :)
IS NOT dropping any bands from the tour (yet)! this is a rumor , grow up children.
tweet!(: hi twitter.
U Welcome ;)
Getting to hear the heart of while interviews him
Good morning!
You know, once you get a little #lacquered up, the #paint job will look great!
Blah well that sucks, >.> they are jerks JS
We hope so too! RT So excited to be heading to the #CNARelaunch !!! Hope to see you there!
where's the bottom of this damn twitter page? can't...stop...scrolling...down......why...won't...it...end?
Also, pick up a brochure on the building at the Info Desk in Suzzallo/Allen. And let us know if you have other questions!
(Director, Writer, & Producer)
when I hold you I hold it all: )
don't worry about it
Testing all this week :/
Ate taquitos with guacamole for lunch. It's a great way to eat gluten and diary free in a Mexican restaurant!
I hope everyone is enjoying their weekend! It is our wish to see our community flourish and grow stronger. Vote for CHANGE!” – Monestime...
Kid makes me not even wanna text or talk to any other guy anymore. Mad weird.
RT : David Day, 's Tech Director: Graduate school is a great training ground to be an entrepreneur.
Gotta love ppl's #youtube comments. Guess they get some kind of pleasure being a keyboard thug in their mom's basement. #losers,
Trying to google Annie Lennox's “No More I Love You's” is really tricky when all you know is the beginning.
Waiting for Mike Sanford press conference to begin
Sitting at home singing kumbaya.
BEST. COMEDY NIGHT DONE RIGHT. EVER.
thats why. fuckin state patrol is a bunch of goons
Who is that ketchup bottle ?
uploading youtube vid, please stay seated
Can't get enough of the fresh cut grass smell.
Thanks for the Altzheimer's RT!
Happy Easter from CPMG! We hope you're enjoying this beautiful San Diego day!
where r u at
Psyched to take some stuff to "Treasure Hunters Roadshow" tomorrow to see what it's worth$$$ Visit Comfort Inn-Monticello. Details CBS19
Lot of programs showing interest in former W. Michigan Bronco Matt Stainbrook - phone has been blowing up with coaches - great player!
Josh Hamilton is a monster! #Rangers what a great story, one of the best performances in #MLB history.
had a great night at church with Shelby &
Watching the Christmas morning sunrise on my way to Washington DC. Merry Christmas everyone! May you all have a blessed, funfilled day.
Mine cancelled. So happy...lol“: I got lazy: scheduled a mtg at the same time as champion's league matches! Oof! #bushleague”
less insectee that way.
On Sat. asked if they sell alcohol on Sun. They do. I bought some. They responded on Tues.
My turn ass.
Swear ion want her to say nun 2 me !
like ships in the night <3
2011 was a year like no other for Diverse Mobile. We created , , and the . More to come in 2012!
I was cleaning my room and I found you YEARBOOK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Going to bed on that NOTE -ImaPrettyThuq)
Retin-A? Did u know that it takes down your PH balance leaving your skin vulnerable to the environment Use DNA’s all natural Super Vitamin A
at least you had your back up!
got an invite early on.. Didn't use it. Now I'm waiting to sign up again
I will do that, thanks
Yep, Joe Biden wrote the original bill.
A man loves his sweetheart the most, his wife the best, but his mother the longest. ~Irish Proverb
no but really, what am I supposed to be doing on this?
This isn't even half of my dreams.
Shouldn't have taken a nap smh
had to turn the nerds off
Senior sunrise is like 6 hours ! Excited !
truesay. Too bad my Revolution doesn't have ICS...
Where are you subbing? Can you play hangman with them!? lmao
Thank you so much for watching my rap! Keep reading my blog at letsclaireify.blogspot.com --Claire!!
I have to take my little guy to the doctor today and early Wed morning for tests with specialists. Please pray for him. Thanks.
And yes we caught the typo in "alter ego."
I crack myself up!!!
Take the AYS poll question, follow us on Twitter , and find out how to become involved! Your support is
“: Sluts are like bubble gum to boys. They chew a piece and when it loses its flavor, they get a new one.”
I love that kind of people to ! And you are one of them(;
RT “: Its going down tonight drinks specials sexy ladies no cover charge what so ever!!!!!!!!1”
Haha, that's great, except that doesn't explain me. Mine="grew up in a town of 600 ppl & not used to locking her door"
planning a night of poorly-disciplined writing, pataphysics, and strolling in the splendor of the void
This episode of #Jeopardy is really depressing. Are we getting that dumb as a society?
Congrats to our trustees Mitchell black and James smith on being named patriot league all academic team
Heads-up, bball fans! “: In case you...missed it...the NBA tentatively reached a labor deal - es.pn/vrYolV”
I am weak in the presence of a coconut cake donut :)
The fact that I can't get to at 9 am yet is driving me nuts. Could you folks host a tweetup or something? Please?
So....what is MAN ON A LEDGE about, exactly?
we stopped on m is for manatees..it's leeman's turn I'm gonna remember this
Hey Gloo <3 how can i put the same logo of your icon? :)
Explain To Me Whats Your "Fair Share" Of My Money?
Hm, I'm following 93 people and only have 23 followers what's up with that?
The best relationships are the ones that start off as friendships.
You #also know its a good night when you forget to wash your hands after that teeth-brush & then get toothpaste in your eyes.
does Spotify allow us to do that? I have no idea how if yes.
TGIF followers come out and join island frydays for some great food thats good for the soul
hi Denny--- how are you tonight? and you're welcome- happy twitter tuesday! :)
Had a fabulous day at #lakshmi salon! Models , clients and extension!
Oh Boy! Oh Boy! The Season Finale of
hey man that's a good word...the children should not have 2 pay for their own bread
We will contact you on 12/7 if we have any problems with your mailing address confirmation and you are selected as a winner!
YES! My favorite :)
Off to breakfast...
Bruce Raynor of kicks off
"she isn't that pretty" haha c:
Did u unfollow me?
thanks for the follow... Then upon #fb u unfollow.. Smh..
Guess what...? We're all naked underneath our clothes;)
into the realm of educated guess. someone may post a guess and note it as such and someone else will pick it up as fact.
A woman's guess is much more accurate than a man's certainty. - Rudyard Kipling
We have an entire office (albeit a small one) of folks ready to jump ship from AT&T to Verizon, so yes, AT&T should be very afraid.
A big congratulations to our raffle winners from the Women's Expo this weekend! Jule & Barb each won an iPod Shuffle!!
A great morning in sunny California. Agricultural activities all day.
This dude. #bitter RT Are you also outraged Buzz Williams cut another player to make room for a transfer?
Come on Marquette, let's finish this, just need TO knock down free throws
Suggestion: Include video in first-year seminar and faces and diversity training at orientation
Also I didnt win ur entry to main event but it was very col ya did that man.. God luck and I hope I get to deal to ya.no mistakes lol
I get so emotional when i see justin on t.v
If golf was easy you wouldn't need 14 clubs, a dozen balls, and 3 other people to see where the hell your ball goes-Anonymous
The Next 8 People That Follow Meh Will Get A S/O ! :)
<U+E414>....What are we doing tonight?
We should hang out. Just saying. LOVE YOUU
No I just started following though. Not sure why it took me so long. "Where My Girls At" is brillant
You mean he isn't already? :)
ArtistWorks Drum Academy Looks bad ass. Can't wait to check it out.
Everyone follow !!!!!
good luck at Indy!!!!
more to see
not in the fucking mood. leave me alone. bye!
A Fan's Notes is up there with End Zone (if anything is).
Just got invited to a meeting to discuss putting street cars on Colfax Ave. in Denver. Interesting! Meeting is tomorrow, fyi.
Damn this whole time ive been watching the game and half sleeping i forgot to do my algebra homework
have a fabgear time in NOLA! i'll think of YOU!
When I was doing trademark originally my atty knew about this and assured me mine is a different situation - time will tell ;) !
RT : Silence is a sign of great strength.
We find out on Monday if we made it to the #edgefest cross your fingers
But country just came on after my Gotti fucked me ALL THEE way up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I'm coming- just not speaking...
let them know that chi town pizza is no where near ny pizza ny pizza is king
In three words, describe your spirituality.
Saturday shouldn't feel this much like a marathon.
...and nope, none of the the arrested by was a banker. So, careful, #raza, you are still in risk.
Greetings! Actually, just started the daily swimming routine this month (water took a while to warm up after a long 'spring')
You win a lifetime supply of Depends adult undergarments
Plz follow I love u dale!!!:)8
What are some things you just CAN'T do without during the week? Coffee is top on our list + cell phone is a very close 2nd.
Just make sure you leave my heart how you found it...
The only thing I can't stand more than people who dislike are liars.
I thnk a mosquito just bit me on my ass
Man oh man oh man do I love him! mi amor por mi esposo!
nope someone has to hold down the fort at home so the good luck charm will be watching from afar! =) R u & there?
Perfect love casts out fear...
#PSU thirsty Thursday was 2 Hurricane 40oz. Now it's all Diet Coke and turkey meatballs.
I'd like to revisit what I tweeted earlier about not being able to fill the void in your soul with stuff. It's true... UNLESS it's food. :D
Hooray! I'm glad you enjoyed it!
Why you should eat apples: bc they are delicious!! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+008E>
happy birthday. Cheers!!
Same2U! I am very flattered by your mention &amp; RT my dear friend, have a nice day and a happy &amp; exciting weekend!
Missing these people today
I'm not gonna do that "OMG HE'LL GET YOU 900 FOLLOWS" and not follow through, but follow my bro
MJ Immortal World Tour...#frickingamazing! Thank you!
Hahaha yes! RT : the funny thing about work happy hour outings is you find out how much everyone hates their job. o_O
Parks and Rec IS the best comedy on network television right now. Last night's episode...brilliant!
so great! How are you brother? Ran into another Jimbo Wood fan last weekend at a Kids B-Day party. She grew up outside HuntsVegas
The worst way to leave someone is without an explanation. -- TheseDamnQuote™ ()
ED's #TitleIX letter has #highered seeking prevention tools. NACUA & VirtualSeminar on Sexual Misconduct Risk Mgmt is tomrrw!
Thanks, i hope your dad is doing well.
they are a Texas team. And I absolutely cannot stand LeBron James.
Can't wait to look at that Pinterest!
i cnt hold grudges....i can be mad at ppl for so long.....at a point u will miss someone dats very close to ur heart wen ur mad at them
#randomtweet: I'm in the cooking/#baking mood today, thinking i should try new #recipes tonight, recommendations? Main ingredient,
Not immediately but it would be very cool.
#WAPA Protest calls for solar -- we are here to help 1.888.462.5005 located on St. Thomas
Great Coaching Event at AFTRA tonight! Highlights: "It's always now, it's never too late"
I kinda love getting "fan mail" from people who find me on the internet and want to know how to take care of their books and documents.
Nookies on Brwn Mawr has a back room they'll let you reserve. Not sure how many it will hold, but they've been great to me.
I'm came on his balls.
shoot I can't wait till tomorrow Adam Lamberts new album comes out an I pre-ordered it :P
Social Studies Teachers: stop by booth 649 to visit the C-SPAN Digital Bus at #NCSS for lesson ideas and other free resources..
mixtape #HatersMotivation releases April 8, 2012 . Be sure to check it out .
was talking about an app on iphone that goes crazy when there's a warning. Get that! $10
My hubby has never seen my real hair before. I'm transitioning, with frizzy twistouts, he thinks it's beautiful!
Proof people are good and decent...got my wallet back with $19 in cash still in it!!!! Sweet!
Just met & prayed 4 a girl I saw crying in the food court. Found out she was asking God to show her He loved her. God's ministry is 24-7.
Thunder are gonna sweep the Lakers
thanks for letting me borrow your jeans, you life saver :D.
I'm blowing up the interstate to make it back home tomorrow after my class. For real.
hmm. He sounds like an ass.
Thank you!
I'll try to pop in...computer updates right now! Ugh
Do you have recommendations for guidelines/best practices for digitization of historic #maps? Thanks! cc
"But the other two pilots... they're just fine. They're at the controls flying the plane... free to pursue a life of religious fulfillment."
I knew I was forgetting something.
haha see now aren't you counting your blessings that you got a season ticket before you ran into this problem!?
Now to scarf some food & then dash off to the Tech Expo!
Stay Tuned:: #scavengerhunt for a #freesextoy today at 3-4PM CST the early bird gets the worm, possibly literally
I am guessing where is Fiesta? S conkling and Fleet!
Big shout out to my new friends. Yes, my twitter name is my office line that forwards to my cell, don't hesitate to use it!
Justin bieber on
On Caltrain. 6'2, hefty black guy just ran down the aisle wearing a red nylon jacket, gold chain, earrings, and a fro-hawk. Mr. T? Is it ...
with the best person ever!!!! love u <3
Repeat after me: threadbare leggings are NOT workout appropriate pants.
10 sets of 25 dips, 25 pull ups, and 25 push ups... Damn I love the burn.
ah, i like LOVED his longer hair:(
Note to self: "You look like a softball player” isn't an appropriate response to a girl saying “I used to be a softball player.”
A mouse once chewed its way through a pair of my pants, got stuck & died. Thankfully I was not wearing the pants at that time.
your cool.
Just had a wonderful casting! Gives hope for the future!
RT A big "Thank you" for the #follow You can also follow my other feed #Thanks again!
Janett's comin to get me at 2 which means I have to start getting ready at 1. She's cutting into my Maury time. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
hey, does the cast album have a release date yet?
Funny, it's like these guys don't know yet!
this is not real life. I repeat this is not real life!
The premiere of 's doulespeak--every emotion all at once.
Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely
thanks Herman!
Great day in Owensboro--Church Alive a.m. Fountain Downtown p.m. Moonlight BarBQ for lunch--family throughout the day--I am very blessed!
last season the finale was on my birthday May 17 this season WAY earlier what's up with that?
Ladies, in need of a dress for that big event this weekend? Check out for great deals on dress rentals. 25% off on Thursdays!
Striving to be a better me each and everyday. Good night, folks!
#libmade will be archived! And follow the hashtag for some amazing convos!
Driving my moms yukon! I feel like I'm driving a trailer!
Is #cancelrush a thing yet? Cuz....its about to be.
I've been carrying the 1GB model for a couple of years now. Really comes in handy!
I need a good night sleep before this weekend..... I'm so sleep deprived
Hate when a mf tell me what I can do !
If you are working on something exciting that you really care about, you don't have to be pushed. The vision pulls you ~Steve Jobs
RT : I've found that the best way to reduce time wasted in meetings is to keep conference room temperatures below freezing.
thank God! Kill Fuck Marry? Cee-Lo, Carrot Top or Mr. T?
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL YOU #HOMEBREWERS AND #CRAFTBEER DRINKERS!!! What kind of #beer are you drinking tonight?
was it my hipster doppelgänger?
you ians dad?
I'm so bored! Nothing to do tonight! :(
Got a toothbrush from the 99¢ store, but I got a million dollar smile.. That shit don't make sense, doe.
Diablo Valley College wants to link the pockets of equity that are succeeding.
ya it's true. We lost Phil Jackson, Derek fisher, Lamar odom. We have no point gaurd, man Kobe can't do it all
Lmao": When a #Leo gets ignored... smh... you dont want to know what happens."
So tired! Been NON-STOP and traveling for 3 weeks now! It is so nice to be home and sleeping in my own bed! #justonethingmissing :/
hey love yes I'm here! And I want to see you before I leave
boyfriend?!?! Spill the beans young lady?!?
Jub Jub thinks she's queen.
Recovering from the Hyattsville Arts Fest. Thanks to everyone who came out! So happy the rain held off until last night/today!
Human Centipede is the SICKEST movie ever.! My tummy turning upside down.!
My bad out weight my good
bahaha can someone say blackmail???
Woof Gang Bakery and
When do we find out whether #Parenthood has been renewed?
It's not whether you win or lose, it's how your mascara holds up.
I would have rather chosen Southwest, but the lack of non-stops to SFO sent me to United.
Q2: What's the best-kept local secret site that should be better known?
It definitely takes time & effort. Social media plan/ calendar + scheduling ahead helps.
We all know that you are a good girl !!!!!
3 minute Mac & cheese, what would I do without you.
Awake? So are we. Serving our full menu 24/7 as always. Come join us for some awesome late night food, convo, wifi, tv, what have you...
Exactly...the real 85
Gotta stay on my p's & q's
BOLD STATEMENT SIR.
Rhapsody would be my best guess
Team dress up day(:
Ugh what a frustrating morning so far, mimosa and roof top please...
Girl you dont need to be stressin over nothing... keep ya head up
1. She's way too pretty to be an actual human...
Nope - me too. Conflicted. "Am I the only person that is ambivalent about #arena? #JustWatchingForTheDrama "
your addicted and have a problem with these things
Thanks, fellow archivists, for sharing interesting points of the talks for those of us who can't be at the conference!
not as happy as I am my dear!!! Love u so much. I don't have much time :( but we can talk for a Short while and it's +
of course that is the biggest waste of my limited brain space but, I don't care. Soy un pedador
Why can't I be from England so I can put those "xx" at the end of things without getting the typical "wtf is this" response
Wendy's Frosties>>>
:) you right but I'm right aha
Good point. Likely not?
. Your twitter picture needs updating!
#Blackparentsquotes "GO GET ME A SWITCH OFF DA TREE SO I CAN BEAT YO ASS NIGGA!!" and they be foreal too
not me. And i know he definitely is...
16 years old and I've been watching some Mexican 4yr old travel more places than me today.
Thanks for following
Well I found an article about it on Facebook n thot it was intersting n I thot about Fate.So I thot I'd let criss kno
Flippin, you're next....and King and maybe even
And for anyone who wondered if the Celtics can challenge the Bulls should they reach Round 2, the answer after today is an emphatic yes.
Vegan place by work offers "native bacon", neither bacon nor native. Appeals to recent/hopeful vegans, I'd imagine. Effective strategy?
You're right. I'm tired of reading about someone eating a bagel. Rather, give me some real insight I can use!
Jennifer Lopez Married in Mexico to Casper Smart – Photo
OH! YES!
IM SICK OF FEMALES TELLING ME THEY DNT DO RED DUDES CUZ THEY STUCK UP... ESPECIALLY WEN IM NOT STOCK UP IM REAL COOL
Having a love/hate relationship with #giltgroup. Love when the box arrives, hate when the bill arrives.
Get er done
i am gonna have to get use to writing the date differently :) 2012:)
great stuff! Food always. Company definitely. Thanks for both of you taking some time in our amazing schedules!!
like to thank our starting 17 followers. if you want your videos get more views, we need more followers.
NFL Pittsburgh steelers versus Truman Posted because of Saints ...
Accident blocking a lane on the Charleston on-ramp to southbound I-15. Add a minute or two to access the freeway here
YOU R AMAZING!!!
Do you work for a living? Or just trade time for $$$$
finally the sounds of snow plows again! Was worried its was time to start biking again!
well for supporting indie games :)
Actin like a WHORE, who me? No never
baby ur so handsome y do u always use that damn filter that makes the picture look dirty! lol love u the original 1 is better!
I don't play stupid little games.
My #RaspberryPi order got pushed back two weeks. Better late than never, I guess. :(
Intel&#39;s first server chips with 3D transistors coming this quarter ...
biscuit coffee! yeah
Hole shit I haven't gone shopping in months <U+E107>
Is there any dates where I can fit in.
awww wow! does it look like i give a shit? :)))) xoxo
Stop looking at what you don't have and start being thankful for what you do have. #I Need Money
I'd be up for some good debate. Anyone up for a debate? You pick the topic...
theres gonna be a paranormal activity 4 geez why so may!!!
wishing you a wonderful birthday!
Nothing beats a father dancing with his daughter @ her wedding.
is in the building for the 3 year anniversary of Closet Sundays! Place is packed.
Going through old photos. P:
I was more fascinated by the core dump as hairball metaphor.
RT : Love wildflowers? The US Forest Service put together a great online resource called Celebrating Wildflowers. Check it out..
sorry for your loss your family is in my prayers!
A1 Done this a few times. I'm honest, but not brutally, about why it's not working. It's tough, but I feel I've always left on good terms.
Watching the sitter :)
I LOVE PEOPLE MAGAZINE.
Kick off your 4th of July weekend with great jazz at 1st & Hope: Friday, July 1st
ha.yeah i hear u.how u doin
RT Missing you for all the wrong reasons... ;)
": haha then quit running your mouth to loni (: &, i see you cant.reply on fb ha
We SHOULD room together in Pasadena. Lunch, yes. :) Out upcoming weekend and 1st April weekend, but work Sat/Sun otherwise.
"Marge, it's the golden rule: treat others the way they mess with you."- Homer
No prob boys, Scotty insisted on writing to you guys when I told him about your Nana. He's a real class act
Alr I'm really going to sleep now lol goodnight!
What do you think of spring football Nighthawk fans?
That's it! Vengeance is over! I guess John Cena nor Alberto del Rio can wrAstle.
ok im new so whats a shout out?
I think she will too! Mini lit musings - hehe :)
oh I didnt even kno it was snowing
You are so Special with your adorable smile! :)
Hella pissed my dad just got my sister a black on black range rover as her graduation gift. But this nigga won't get me my Lamborghini.
THAT SOUNDS LIKE THE BEST IDEA I EVER DID SEE!! We can go to ur shabeen on the vern afterwards to celebrate and get all hipster.
really? I would have assumed you were into bubs
its crazy...if married couples are cheating on one another...what makes you think your boyfriend/girlfriend is faithful?
S/o To my New Follower
5/13/1776->W. Gordon:It is but too common for Men under accusation to endeavour to exculpate themselves by charging others
Do U luv all the fresh prepared foods ? Good news the Carmel Winter Market will open Saturday Nov 19th thru May at the New City Center
Some douchebags at school -.- That would be lovely <3
Yup. I'm definitely sore. I feel like laying down & crying. x
Oh, good question. Love to know what people rec to you!
Final day for Blue Chip Award applications. Good luck to everyone who has applied so far!
Don't give up guys!
I told you like you told me
Happy late mothers day!
one wine glass is NOT enough for this class.
Thanks for the compliment! We also have extremely talented alums.
*Sliding into the car after * I see.*Pulling the door shut*
Last day at one of my part-time jobs. Looking forward to entering the world of full-time employment on Wednesday. Exciting times!
I wonder who they get to manage some of these chain restaurants... Well corner bar for me, they will smoke in front of you
#2010memories truth in art became more obsolete with the continuing rise of corporate sponsored exhibitions
I hope the next video is unforgivable blackness
I was absent from school last week because I was bitten by a snake and died, but luckily I was reincarnated this morning.
My twitter keeps making me unfollow people!! Ughh
at least its a way to give away phones to tecchies without just dropping prices to zero (which people would say was being desperate)
if youre still home get mine...i doubt you are tho
mangoritas and bombay clay oven lunch with family, patio coffee, talking bout dosa, mycology, martin scorcese, grandmas, farms..happy day!
Looks like Josh Hamilton ate his wheaties today. 4 home runs? Isn't that illegal? Damn. lol
I JUST got back.
Listening to put some really great marketing lessons into really plain English. Very inspiring.
who run the world?! GAYS!
The choir set it off at both services...it was crazy! Maybe I need to go away and come back more often...LOL
That's a great one! Thanks for sharing!
College career day(: got to get out of class for a little bit plus I got free stuff so I'm happy lol.
Mean Mr. Bernazard
wth is that?
Tell me how you did!
Enjoying the smooth tunes of
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 9
We've been forced into a triumphant return to the social networks under penalty of The Judas Cradle! So Let's do this. Lots to talk about.
lol, just an awesome store.. So there a lot!
That doesn't sound like you...
Not as annoying as the one where you have a great idea while trying to sleep, but forget it upon waking up.
Lol, when u send a dm saying ur gonna get married. I regret nothing;p haha oh gosh<3
what up
Be Your Own Bank: Bitcoin Wallet for Apple
#SinceWeBeingHonest I only put up with you because u pretty much don't have any real friends that are honest n reliable
WE NEED TO BUILD MORE STEREOTYPES FOR BLACK PEOPLE.
At cracker barrel with the family (:
yeah that too
wow. Patenting fail
Linking Twitter to facebook so we can actually start using this page!
Just saw
Isn't that the best feeling? It's what makes music so awesome.
awh poor Alex :( take some Excedrin that might help i have a bad headache to..hmm mayb a nap will do? Feel Better Alex ily.
Wow! Was that 40K live, or 40K on a stream? (combined?)
Anyone up for DMing ?
Love it!! What a great site :D you 2 seem to b very passionate about your subject matter.. <3 it!
Idk what to eat and im hungry as fuck!.
I got a "somewhat ambivalent score," but am not discouraged.
indeed it does
So on a scale of 1 to Rebecca Black how pumped are you that it's Friday?
TOMORROW ONLY! on Friday, 11/11/11, gift cards are 10% off!
Summer session of #libraryschool starts tomorrow. I wanted to accomplish so much more in my 10 day break.
the border
I don't care how crappy my morning has been... Coming in and seeing those spotted faces makes everything better.
I did have fun calling him a dipshit though...wow his logic is convoluted..
I saw the first two episode kerri washington plays one badass female
back to work_Ciao
--- you'd look fantastic in a TuesdayTee. Buy one, you rich bastard! We know that beet farm has you makin' bank.
“ Government bond, James Bond.”
back at you! Making me work for the words!
We are always running for the thrill of it
Got u
not all girls like football. Some of them ask questions about whats going on. Thats annoying.
thanks for the warm welcome, and the follow! We look forward to seeing you in May
Great workshop last night!
be kind: meet someone where they're at. The only thing you have to loose is your false perception of having separate interests from another
big test today wish me luck?
I want to fast forward through these years and onto the point where I have my own family and my career.
those cars are poop.. but, how much does dhe have to work with?
Yes. I got your text, email and tweet. RT : yo are you still doing the guest list for the mix?
Huge THANKS of BaileyHIll Media for agreeing to donate website development services to the Xstream Makeover!
Cherish everyday!
Minus the cabs making no sense here, might be hooked, such a pretty city knew it would happen!
What the fuck is up with these walks???
these fucktards are comparing Atletico's style to Chelsea..what the fuck is wrong with this world.
We arent doing much anyways :b
John was just told he didn't get a job with #KingSoopers. Gave him some BS line. I'm back to calling them King Stupids.
Ugh , school ._.
errors, embarrassing losses, horrible pitching- I hope we can all
wtf i was browsing scholastics old book order forms and they had everything i wanted ! Uglies, Maze Runner, and Shadow Children!
Ribbon cutting this morning at Florida Ave Park, 10am, 1st & FL NW, across the southern border from #BloomingdaleDC. Bring the kids
Jeeze they don't even have this much shit outside when #30Rock is filming lol
Am I ever going to sleep like a normal human #tired <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
awesome! we want pics from the big show!
Why won't 87.7 work for me dammit!
“ “ Between Women QT : #TeamLesbian What's your favorite LGBT shows?””
gettin to work on time.lol you?
When you try your best but you don't succeed.
srsly stop what..
my pajamas have pockets, now i can hold things in my sleep! You jelly?? Hah
I think you certainly need to visit the campus. For professional development and whatnot.
Tweeting for today at New Horizons, a Glaucoma Research Fdn event
Shout Out to the people who been living in the hood all their life but didn't let the streets distract them or suck them in I
Thanks for the FB... Stay tuned for more details :)
Jealousy is just love and hate at the same time.
omg me and my little sisters kitten are really fighting right now! lol it keeps jumping onto the laptop right on top of my hands when typing
lmfao! Tends to happen to me also smh. Hope it's a fast trip home >_>
We're celebrating the #1 Gospel single n the country! 's 'Let the Church Say Amen' thank u 2 all radio announcers 4 the support
hmm will have to think but jcrew and club monaco offer 15 perc off with NYU card
thanks uncle Michael!!! Love you!!!
ROTFLMAO! Now I want Cheesecake Factory
At airport. Ahh I miss Midwest Airlines :(
Studied, organized room, clothes, school folders, hung out with my babes,
Follow my brother
YOU KNOW WE'RE GONNA BE ON #RHOA TONIGHT, RIGHT?? LAUNCH PARTY (when we were still Danae's Creations) HOT PINK CUPCAKE BATH BOMBS
yeah girl!
i'm working to get my first book out and then i'll climb the the stardom to be a star
Tallahasee mall...where the cute guys with diamond studds stare at you while you chow down on subway.... haha
#SignsThatYouUgly when you only got 2 facebook pics and none of them pics are you lol
A Team that can't win without Koivu is no playoff Team! 1st in Dec, now 9th; with three Teams at our heels. Depressing...
Day 2 at Silverdale & my 5yo is convinced the kids zone is a new "all-recess all the time" school. And he calls it the "A" vs."Y".
no doubt, it is everyone's problem
Snoop Dogg should walk around in public with an umbrella. Fo' drizzle.
Eyes all sticky like honey on bees look lookin how they look at me
Who's seen the ads for Easy Trip...."If its not EASY, its not CONVENIENT" Who the hell came up with this?
u one of da hottest chick I follow! Cute face slim waist ass so phat baby u all that holla back....... DAMN!!!!!!!!!
The Bible is the Wikipedia of (whenever that shit was written by a million dudes who wrote what they wanted that day)
burned 413 calories doing 41 minutes of "Elliptical Trainer"
that so beautiful
It's Thursday! Fam from NC coming in, getting my hair done tonight, celebrating my G'ma's 75th birthday... good stuff!
haha yeah i realized that right after i sent the update because i was already following u an i saw the winners posted
What fn morons are still driving Hummers these days??
I like when you call me Chris: It humanizes me.
oh get out of town. Next thing ur going to say is ur not stressed, you actually get to eat lunch at a restaurant....whatever!:)
Schreder or however you spell it
TWITTER DRAMA!!!!
Aubrey is eating her cereal with a fork.
Long ass day. 8 hrs of wrk, birthday in encinetas, birthday in downtown and lastly birthday in pb. Dead exhausted.
Eattin dinner with the family cuz its my mommas. B-Day
When it comes to the pinch, human beings are heroic
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 23
Idk if this lady think she cute cause she look foul .
#IThankGod for #forgiving me of all my sins. People, you need to think about that! God loves us that much! #thankyouJesus John 3:16
I can never seem to put into words the way I feel.
well u could if u follow !”)
#2PeopleThatBelongTogether nobody i dont believe in love anymore
Looking forward to the next celebration of awesomeness with 's album!!!
Leaving for JAMAICA!!!
of course! hmu anytime :)
That's 17k tweets.
@ RansfordAsare have got something important to tell ya
ha thats good logic but i think dylan just didnt care to say bye.
Try a Water Buffalo Sausage! Also Double Chocolate Brownies w Mexican Chocolate
I absolutely need a drink right now
Is this the period of the year for the Boston Bruins? 6-3 now...5-1 they are outscoring the Lightning in the 2nd.
has ever reviewed the $15 Oxford reference apps? Etymology, literary terms etc. for ios
Light a candle, it's a scandal.
agreed! Wow!
tee hee...i LOVES you
lol true. Drink up!
Yeah baby!
good times, next time well pick a better spot!
willing to bet not a single one of you won a damn thing.
I want to try to stay away from spoilers for House and Grey's Anatomy...
YES! We are! They are a huge inspiration for our music
You are welcome... Thank U for your business!
cleaning up after an Arab party at your house.
imma drop this new track next weekend i guess
First song of the second cycle of "The 365.52.12 Project," now called "DaysMonthsWeeks" instead, will be posted on April 1st. No joke!
See you later!
same here!
Prince English and Spanish Check can u spell I love Kimmi .. my phone 1-973-756-2288 idk how to answer so PLZ just text!!
looks like a caliber
Have been working on designs recently...
Thanks Ben!! Adidas is the way to go. :)
GREAT leaders ask what others think and aspire to be the dumbest person in the room. HUMILITY AND WILL
im short but my hearts huge
what is the name of that adventure time song?
And on the endorsements of and
We have some great news to share later this week...stay tuned!
bo cancers are awesome!
did you cry?
Seen this scene b4. No wonder iLay in bed & hold me head smh
love klatch, highly recommend it
I will say I had to pick my Jaw off the floor by the end. Great summer finale. I can't wait for it to start up again.
Ostrich eggs are about the size of 20 chicken eggs!
You Smile, I Smile <3 <3
#CountryIsBetterThanRap because country music videos are so much better than rap.
Yes! RT I look forward to 's next release of that will include users/influencers 4 each museum
#WOW all the Kings of Comedy r Game Show Hosts..#wth all u need is DL Hugely hosting Jeopardy & we're set!
I think tribute bands cover one artist only, trying to replicate seeing that band.
-_- of course he picks Finland. Nyet, Russia going to win.
Number 2: Her support shield, she got to be that Michelle Obama. Must support me on everything I do.
Haha. Surely that's the Sudafed & NyQuil talking. Or, should ask, how's that fever, god-man?
What's up twitter
Observation: The words "suddenly and unexpectedly" almost never appear after something good.
Thanks to #socialfresh the jet blue and America's test kitchen non-optimized mobile sites and emails now look super annoying
hope you're feeling better, kimon. you, too, miriam. I heard you were a little under the weather on sat.
“: pretty busy wednesday ahead of me.. all good tho, im feelin right” get it lil bro.
Every time I have something nice, you make me feel like shit.
Are you kidding me? Its snowing!
yes! Here we go! This will be an amazing day! Is going?
My doggy has to have surgery again.. :( The hardware that they put in her leg broke! So sad for her....
there any where to get season one and everyone hates Connor ? Can't find them any where.
AH. Playing Final Fantasy 1 on NES with sound down, listening to Brewers/Royals. All the windows open, 78 degrees. Life is GOD.
they could just put tiny yarmulkes on them and they'd be good to go!
there are a few of us deviants in LA still who think nothing of walking a mile...
“Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.”° — Samuel Johnson
Thx hopefully one day! RT love you guys so much! Can you open a d'lish in San Francisco?? Sad to be leaving
When Cameo sets the place off though...
I had no idea that you can donate books to local libraries! Thanks
When your pen runs out: 5% calmly gets up and gets a new one, 95% SCRIBBLE SCRIBBLE SCRIBBLE
This is all it takes to lose up to 20lbs in 1 month. 1 person got started on the Skinny Body Challenge Today. My goal is to help 4 more...
WANT YOU TO LOVE ME LIKE ITS OUR LAST DAY BABY LOVE ME LIKE ITS OUR LAST DAY GIRL.... LOVE ME LIKE ITS THE END OF THE WORLD NA NA NA NA NA
About to head to bed.
Lol lol my BOYFRIEND LOVE ME.... -G.Kirkland)
You doing your thang Girl that wassup...
Feeling great after a restful weekend! Miles and quintet are helping me kick off the morning.
Custom widgets in Desire2Learn are boss.
www.kingoffitteds.com......
Carry On; Fun. <3
6 miles later, the new kicks felt like I was running on clouds...
I'll partake in that test!
have the browns ever given hilllis 33 carries in a game just wonder not tring to stir the pot
he's in your head, Kate !
The person who designs the unboxing experience for iPhone, iPad and MacBook is NOT the same person who does the accessories.
Stone/Barber wedding today! Congrats and Dana
Las Vegas!!! Reinventing itself? Could this be the place where spirituality and Sin come together??? (Check back to find out)
Right now your doing this :o and I need you to do this :]
Today is the LAST DAY to register to canvass with Planned Parenthood on Sunday in #Fairmont. Email for more info.
100% agree. .. dem want mi and u fi run Jamaica. ...di place woulda nice! :-) lol
Way to go! : Lisa Firestone represents WIPP at White House "Champions of Change" Program
omg pink u back? I thought u left YouTube and twitter world forever! I feel like I've been living under a rock so glad ur back!
Rabbit Rabbit! (Not the first thing I said, but the first thing I tweeted. Still count for good luck?)
ur welcome blessings :)
good luck Kappa! From one of your favorite Omicrons... Aka me...
Tis the season to be jolly fa la lla la la la la la la don we now our gay apparel fa lala la la la la la la Merry Christmas
Yeah, it's a lot different. They have 10 players on their roster they drafted, I'm not sure how that compares to other teams.
I imagine its difficult to write properly when you're hugging a keyboard and muttering "I'm a good journalist..." over, & o
Since you think that it's ok for you to smoke in my face, I'll surely fart in yours jackass.
RT : Q3) Social allows more sharing, more relationships, more context.
#robart crossed legs creates feel of unbalance. Pretty good eye contact. LIked big extended arm gestures.
Can't wait Dee! So proud to see you on the grind and always on the up & up! Go get it mama
Gonna go to sleep early today because I have to wake up early tomorrow. Probably at 10:00, thats early enough. Right?
Most advisory neighborhood commissioners in DC get more votes than Rick Perry did in the
Either really old...or really young. Man times have changed.
Get in touch with
Happy Easter to you too! Hope the Easter" lapin" has brought you "beaucoup chocolat" :)
Also very excited to see "The Dictator" this week! The advance reviews have been positive which is a relief considering the bad trailers.
One question I have to ask is why do Rs attack unions that aren't even in most states? VA teachers are not unionized.
exactly, its not even fair to say anything harmful like that. i joke around and never seriously wish hurtful things on anyone
if I could like your tweet I would, but I can't because twitter doesn't do that
love this!
Camera Fun Time: the Quick Draw. Practice how fast it takes you to get a shot off. Use the phone that's with you the most. Goal: 5 seconds!
I am lookin for female dancers thats willing to travel and love attention n don't mind having safe fun contact me at @ g-mail fire904
very cool! : Do a self-guided tour with a borrowed iPad and QR codes from the Free Library of Philly.
forget about it troy..it's over
just playing NYC, where I'll be that week. But it's a ticket APOCALYPSE.
Irresponsible parent! Put a seatbelt on your child! Also, Busch?
Aw, Dan thinks I'm a social media influencer! RT : #FF Social Media Influencers:
Excited for girls weekend and Launch!!
ah... I say it's high time we that we meet half way... It's only neighborly... Track 7? Next weekend?
Finding great solace in simply weeding at Ronald McDonald House this afternoon.
Did you get a job with the people I referred you to? And where are you moving?
That's awesome! Congrats!
Come tailgate with the surge squad before the game! East lot across from Verizon gate.
Totally. And I own it. RT : Same here... RT if you are a
you know what it's 30 days? Yea that's right a week before I get out of school
Change starts at the moment of pain and moment of need. True for orgs, economies, and nations
ugh so tired.
Thanks Jeremy!
Car being towed < car being towed during finals week <<<
I was caught off guard! At least the fare was free. Metro card thingie is broken.
Just in case : )
lets not forget the sorest loser Jeff! DANI & KALIA just voted for their teammate!
haha yes. Looks like bobby knight and the lisp guy are doin em
#YEE Listening To To Hear You (;
looking forward to seeing your tweets from in March!
Pine tree sex all over my car. Hello, spring.
Deanna's good, but I don't know about Sean. He's never home. Well I never see him. :/
The costumes look great!
When there's room in a tweet add #finecraft + it will reach more people. Just a thought...
car is packed and loaded & I'm homebound! summer 2012 begins officially!
What do you think about your husband's laptop? What makes it useful or not so much?
I always understood the bible is up for you own interpretation, but the more I read it, the more I realize that is very wrong. It's blatant.
Never a dull moment... yep, that's right. Love me some Rod Stewart #cleaningkitchen&jammin
not tired, god damn
I can't wait too meet you either Vic. RT : I can't wait to meet Scarlett at Warped Tour!
Babies are so cute when they sneeze
look at us. I mean creating #LLVL is #LLVL. We are trendsetters:)
I'm finally cleaning out my followers list. I know, I know, Bad Penny!
this is so true!
Come on Jordan Jefferson..the whole team is giving up...we got 8 min..do they even watch the Saints?
Please follow our cause Dan we would love to have you on board.
The-One-With-Child has discovered non-alcoholic beer. Now we just have to find wine and sushi substitutes and all will be right.
RT : AMAZING video in our story of passengers using the emergency slides to get off a plane at TIA.
Drop hightower and pick up hardesty and start him for sure
Using the Bible to try to justify your hatred and ignorance is simple-minded.
he had 6 misses of century! And what did Joe have to put out to get a 52" plasma?
Afternoon family, chilling enjoying my sunday..then it back to school for me. Is it me or is the year going by real fast..
And soon you're my age!
Here we go with the sleeping issues
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape one hundred days of sorrow.
do you guys have an archive of last night's 1st Wednesday service?
When is your birthday?!? Mine is June 2!?(:
What you gonna put in all those stacks?
Consciousness: That annoying time between naps.
He's just straight gushing blood. And no, I DO NOT have to feel for Doan.
Looking for curb appeal on your new listing ?Call Mr.D's painting.A fresh coat of paint WILL catch some bodies eye before you can say SOLD !
My question is how does he stay so skinny
"Our goalie is a head case therefore we have no chance at winning the cup. Let's just quit and hurt people" -The Flyers
can you please follow back...... Please?<33 I will be your bestfriend(: & I will love you forever<33 :D
It has been working, going to continue once a week.
Wish I could be there for this screening. I am looking forward to seeing the film.
thanks for the tweet. You'll be getting an invite soon.
thanks so much for joining us :) a nice crowd throughout the day.
RIP Junior Seau
Happy Thanksgiving. Are you going to be on the Team for London? Your awesome. I Hope You win Gold. :)
Dis Shit Gne B On My Mind All Night!
Sleeper pick: LHP Grayson Garvin will join teammate Sonny Gray in 1st round and Vandy goes to Omaha in 2011..
thanks for the VIA... really got us coding this morning!
Boston Restaurant Week ENTREES!
Agree! > says flying coach on is like flying 1st class on any other airline. Yes he still flies coach
whoop whoop.
Happy birthday to the best pg in the state of NY
Spaghetti legged
Appreciate those who love you. Help those who need you. Forgive those who hurt you. Forget those who leave you.
Photoshoot for all the new Night Owl clothes tomorrow! Woohoo!
Going with & 2 go get their bellybuttons pierced..... I want 1 !):
No Jabberwocky for Kitty
Off work kinda tired but feelin good
i'm not a bot... Identify yourselves if you're not a bot. We want to follow you back!!! For realsie ~
#artsummit Ciudad Juarez, how to create new narratives in same social space?
I can't tho
what a great idea - here we come
Guinness World Records is acknowledging a 44-year-old Hawaii pro surfer for catching a 78-foot wave off the coast of Portugal
Please teach my Prof. that marketing is a PROCESS of which advertising is part of, they are NOT the same thing!
no one did I am just being funny - u my girl
k I got it!
Before you give up, think of the reason why you held on so long.
Liquid Peace Revolution wins New Orleans round of Hard Rock Cafe&#39;s battle of the bands
Somebody tweet me! I'm bored! :P
I understand. My daughter as sr year could not get up. asked her what would she do in college, she said get a wake up call? smh
I am maried ya kno jus cuz i aint always happy with my hubby dont mean i fuk off on him
How did the Charlotte Bobcats not make the playoffs? They looked solid all year.
Feeling a lil optimistic about tonight I'm already in a bitchy mood but let me put on my happy face like I always do!
Got a couple followers but ain't nobody hearin me... SMDH
White Girls >>
How can these grown women let other women talk to them crazy on
I am thinking about getting a 1998 Fiat Multipla for a new car!
Sorry. I'm speaking at a business mtg in Woodland Park
getting some rest, tomorrow should be good!
can definitely do that!
carmel corn in the sun <<<
The Pearl Hotel
RT Where live on from inside yall come out!!!
Off to L,M,N,O streets and 10th-ish for a night on the town :)
nice tattoo hella gay but nice tattoo.. love the show shout out the 559
We need fire extinguishers for Emergency Kinship Support. Please let us know if you/your church/group can help.
the #brewers should go on the stand-up circuit. I'd laugh.
what do you mean then.
“: My prediction for tonight's BCS game: Alabama 3, LSU 0 in double OT”. SEC football ...it's not fan-tastic. Z
loved your review of Derby bar!
Free period in geometry (y)
AGREED! :D
you better! Can I bring Grumpster to the pub too? He's part of the family now.
nope. Pay wall. I can email. (thought I did...)
Just went to visit my kids father. Hard to find words to express how sorry I am for his loss.
Vocal inflection
better watch out for Andy Dalton n AJ!!
I snapped a few last nite I am going to upload pics soon I promise!
Yaaay, just bought a cute as dress from asos and it was half price!
Thank you!
That's it. I need to get there.
Such a pretty day!
The general will and common good of the people cannot be accurately defined without a proper education of and in the truth
OMG almost forgot to take off my heels b4 seeing my podiatrist. Don't want to get another lecture! Glad I keep a pair of mocasins in the car
They say love is like a bar of soap. Why? Because once you think you got it, it slips away..
Nah. We don't need Sean Marshall. Or cashner.
Thank you so much to everyone who came to a show and saw us on tour! We'll be going back into studio very soon! Who wants new music?! ;)
you're beautiful. I don't care what the media says, you're awesome!
We are just announcing the date, the live chat isn't tonight!
The 4 common sense proposals was a very interesting article! Thanks for the post!
With a lot of success, Comes a lot of negativity.
Out of all my years did anyone ever shit together in the 2 toliet stall?
We might be biased but we feel like we're the best in Nashville! Stop in and see us or go to kustomthrills.com :)
Hey there! I'm here to aid the careers of talented indie artists and get them the exposure they deserve.
ya I brought 6 pairs
Saturday holy smokes! So surreal- we have to all sit together!!!
Going to niosa Thursday and Friday, hell yeah \^.^/
Wilson Phillips just came on the radio!!!!!
I get around!
Hot Cheetos and mayo put together. M :)
RSRA reports are a great way to research a property before performing a Phase I. We offer them to you using knowledgable environmental pros!
Five things to watch for in Illinois: 1. Can Mitt break 50? 2. How big does Romney win "The Collar Counties."
Looking for a way to beg my mom to take me to New york...Dang greyson you're killin me!
Cajuns pull off the double steal to score Murphy and extend ULL's lead to 9-0.
I hate seeing females with a million niggas tatted on her
I'll send a tweet when I post it this evening.
Love to see the #nonprofit support on
Thanks for following (:
Poised Creation is wrapping some great projects that will benefit our artists in the near future!
Just saw it...yea it went to spam. Glad to connect with you!
OMG 7 days to my B-day
WOW U Just Got In High School... SMDH
Great Morning. Be my friend on Facebook. :-)
Will definitely be there! RT: Instead of our semi annual Sample Sale, we will be participating in this wkend!
Bleh! I always do that! Haha sorry
I wish there was a faster way to execute an intentional walk in baseball
Hi Natalie! What neighborhoods are you looking for apartments in? Near DePaul? We're free & would love to help! :)
we have power...no candles tomorrow ;)
my friend and I were at the PNC show on Aug. 5th. She caught all your solos on video. I just wanted to say that you sir = amazing.
As soon as I got salad I spent it all on dressing.
RT Agree: YouTube is a gift to dance; it's a powerful tool & non-dance world is starting to get the power of dance via video
Hey what's your thoughts on vs ?
im usually hard to hold on too
I have CNNS phone number where you can leave a comment or story suggestion: 404-827-1500. I suggested a story on why the media is corrupt!
Weeks is having one of the worst starts of his career...with Fielder gone, him and Ramirez need to figure it out.
“ ugh I hate her too”/ A lil ghetto riot.
(oops) Are you in for #edcampCincy this year? October 15th!
RT : Harvard Study says tweeting and Facebook release hormones similar to having sex! Feel free to tweet me. Multiple times
Hey! Are there any more bday packages left for tonight?
All da systems fukd up at wrk so its stupid slow..
By the way, do you have my bongos?
So there's this boy and like I really like him. & i don't know what to do about it, lol.
Yes it is, but any day I can ride is just as beautiful...
Ah, such sentiments of post-vacay energy warm the cockles of an editor's heart ...
you're gonna go see your girlyfriend today?! ;)
Easter plans ? wait what ? Easter is a pain ? lmfao
Fuck it just about to watch porn & beat my meat ^_^
Really? A gay slur? would be so proud..
Unsigned. International. Status.
Great to see that our past NAGGL contacts will be attending the conference this year.
#99conf fashion bingo card also includes: iPads, raw denim, crossbody bags.
thanks boo im fina dm you the number
At the Graduate Flash session room 201AB. Smart folks! presents his work soon, you've gotta get up here
lol Bob your name rhymes with Job ;D
Stress is a huge factor in weight gain...and disease. Emotional/mental factors are just as important as exercise & diet.
i made you check your messages for no reason at all because this is a very point less tweet just for you (:
Imma go 2 bed night night sweet dreams love you sis peace out Bmore !!!
“: And the Lakers will play the Thunder on Monday” GAME TIME!!
Can I get a follow
Booty Calls? Really?
My cat, and my asthma are driving me crazy!
ATTN: all unsigned dancers,singers,rappers join our #Team send an email if you're TALENTED "WE GOT WORK!"
If that was my mustang in that wreck I would be pissed
America was not built on the labors of cynics nor critics- Col Steve Russell
awesome, glad your swim did the trick! Now, will you be playing with the puppies later?....
Cut the bullshit out... I'm effin with the scissors. Life is a choice and death is a decision.
There goes my baby!
sounds awesome I will check it out
Im mad af right now. Lemme hit this kush. Imma cough up a lung since im still sick but I need some fuckit in my system right now
social media networks, WordPress, business, etc. #shehechat you should stop by tonight!
Great Weekend at El Pastor. Red Bulls Fans energized Saturday and the Fado delighted everyone on Friday. Happy Birthday Gloria de Mello!
very welcome.
“: Why don't you shut the fuck up before I knock out all your teeth” hahaha
7 miles + speed work getting ready 4 only 6 weeks from Sat. Who's ready ?
What are you up to Mr.?
Man these bitches tht wrk at McDonald's can't do thy job! I was the shit whn I worked here broke all the records taking orders in drive thru
Life is much more enriching when surrounded by other perspectives. I'm wiser, more observant & compassionate, happier.
Love the moment, and the energy of that moment will spread beyond all boundaries.
Thats the same line I use to pick up guys.
It's officially in my calendar as the "Gotter bday party extravaganza"
VS's new scent Love Spell Blush>>>
Never understood rationale behind that timing. RT: Every cab in NYC seemingly off duty. Must be rush hour! Cc
Can somebody tell me again why using social media is a good thing?
Ciao belli pick up the phone and call for pick up . We will be open at 7 ....keeping an eye on the weather ..ciao
? there's plenty of minimal techno in seattle, both in terms of shows and in terms of producers
Thanks for the shout out! re:
Send Flowers to ya #Workplace!, like its yo birthday !! Just to just to put a smile on ya face!
Drown me in your love...
Fun to look at, and funner to eat!!!
Stand on your own. I'm not saying the Saints shouldn't be punished, but this is over the top.
HEY SOUL SISTER. AIN'T THAT MISTER, MISTER.
Done! MT : Plz RT & help twitter feed reach 1,000 followers! Giving away Dragons & prize packs!
Remove digital media and us startups are down 23%.
Someone should study the effect of NOT writing on writers. I swear if I don't write I get insomnia. Anyone else?
About to have an emotional breakdown and killed everyone in the state of Wisconsin. WHERE IS THE MEDICINE?
Yes! Admin lunch with
I donno if anyone else noticed, but, unicorns are horses with hard dicks on their heads! :/
Dallas ramada! We are finally here!
Big game for WSU this Saturday vs. the Huskies. Should be a good one. #GoCougs!
RT : "I'm sexy and I know it." No bitch, "You're ugly and you show it."/// lol
follow me kidd:)
johnnies sister got hit by car tonight.
Friends....don't let your friends tweet while tipsy.
Tornadoes are like terrorists. This is exhausting. Why are tornadoes attacking america?
hey we kept up with the other team! and we made it just as far as you guys! But yes we suck...
hey Alex, thanks for the follow. Stay tuned, we are making great music
It's ok
i know! especially in black & white!! i can't imagine French New Wave films without those scenes.
omg mka? Where when? Where do I have to fly? - playing to w1n
Happy 175th birthday, #Michigan! Great lakes, great times.
asthma help
Trigger, pulled. :)
Wheres the pic of you and Bieber?!
don't do my tweet fucker!!
reading this made me cry, u actually made me think differently about things, love u :)
giving guys the wrong number when they ask for your number LOL
McIntire's grandson is struck by how history is edited.
Thanks for getting back to me. Sorry to bother u but Ive tried everything frm waxing to chemical hair removers and I
Enjoyment, engagement and success is what 21sters genealogist want says Wichter @
#Shoutout to all of our new #followers! Don't be shy, say hi.
Basically you have to suppress your own ambitions in order to be who you need to be.
go wake up and get movin'!!!
RT : She's here! My goddess- ! I'd marry her if it was legal.
"There may be no greater tribute to Steve’s success than the fact that much of the world learned of his passing on a device he invented."
W.brandguyblog.com #audi has the lead
Your guy??
Reminds me of UK riots in a way. Hopefully it doesn't spread
Had a great time at First Thursday tonight! Thanks for stopping by!
new spokes"person" for Double Mint Gum?
Last paper of the semester? Submitted. #Done! Time to do laundry...
I LOVE your dedication to your children. I LOVE YOUR ENERGY EVEN MORE!
Maybe watching Drive for the second time will be better lol
OKC. we have the depth to really get into them. Dallas got a swagger to them now plus they are underdogs..
I've got one little friend who came in with a serious shiner today. He says he got hit by a rock. Poor little guy.
Saw it and saw you jump too! LOL
hagerup chocked on his 2 attempts. Hasn't been the same punter as he was last year
the track is old now dame son I see where I rate homie can't save an email neither dame lol jk
Cishek will now try to save his own win; sadly, he would only get credit for the W...
Yep. It was great! Can't wait for next Saturday.
happy birthday! U share your birthday with a pretty awesome lady, my mom.
Welcome to Twitter! (Historian and director of a digital humanities lab at University of North Texas).
So fed up. Not with anyone but myself. I just keep telling myself it is all your fault.
right? You'll understand then why I did stop to talk.
because.....no
hahaha you are so gracious! Thanks man, appreciate the love!
yeah, i'm thinking August, that way I have to motivate myself to shed a few pounds, lol
if he gets 10mil a year he better take it. One more good contract left. Invest Invest Invest!!!!
Love a #nude discount vacation 4 nights $399 visit us
1 billion smartphones in 2012. This will be the "first screen" for kids growing up today.
Always be lookin fresh
If it's not sold out, I might be able to.
You're obviously the reason why it didn't work out with anyone else. :)
Friends are the siblings God forgot to give us.
I Need My Nails Redone !!
Thank you for celebrating Easter at Balsan--come back anytime.
I think we are lost...
“: Today's the inaugural Mark the occasion." Sounds like something for you
Happy Airline employees! youtu.be/K89UzRdeBNg Delta Employees Flash Mob Across The U.S.
My stud gov interview sucked.
There's a surprise on your door knob :) its a thank you for being one of my seniors,
Happy Birthday to it's her 16th show her some love!!!
Oh, #Apple. Was it hubris? In surpassing Microsoft, you also seem to have followed them in over-reaching for the next big thing.
I'm watching the Hellboy cartoons. They're the bee's knees.
lmao at struggle cake! I miss you too woman!
got a mobile link guey?
Got to meet and tonight :) I had such a great time!
Light @ the end of the tunnel. Exhaustion @ the end of the week. Signing the last 1040s today! Been hellish the last two weeks. Almost done!
Philly weird = Kentucky Incredible
Facebook = You realize how different you are from people. Twitter = You realize there are people who know exactly how you feel.
DM for a feature >>> need u for a hook >> let me know yo price
Spending the day with Don Soderquist, former Vice Chairman & COO Walmart. Thankful for the opportunity!
Morning geek discussion: Star Trek cons, Sir Patrick Stewart, and Brent Spiner.
For sure. April best.
Thanks for a great presentation!
119 seconds. (the appropriate time delay between pouring and drinking a Guiness)
I definitely am! Giants peaked like Packers did last year. It's all in timing!!
EBSCO on The Hispanic Historical Collection
the officer said no note was found
I prefer to get what I need and head home to the family and get the photos published
Ahaha you getting them cool points!
#LOVE ! Indian food is my fave!
finally finished the Philippines Mall Tours, Mall of Asia was to crazy. Onto the concert!! -JetLi
WAT DOES A GIRL HAVE TO DO ON TWITTER TO GET to follow her............. RT or reply for any tips
Heading to Tonight for the Event! Along with many more events
My grandma lost her pants and is singing The Beatles. Drunk? apparently so..
thinks his residency is settled, but what do Floridians think of a Congressman who rarely visits his FL condo?
It's been 3 years since the guy i thought I was going to spend the rest of my life with part from me, & even though I let go
It's a harsh reality when you realize that you can't please everyone.
Fact:Copper is the standard benchmark for electrical conductivity. It conducts electrical current better than any other metal except silver.
pshhh i wish!!! i have i wake up early tomorrow fml /:
Giving a phatty is like giving rondo a jump shot it won't be fair
Anyone here who wanna chat via Skype ? :D
Had a great time at the Viper last night! Thanks everyone!
I was thinking the same thing. Blast from the past for sure!
Na mate he's just in shorts and t-shirt now lol
: I may have to resort to that. Say hi to the sheep.
All articles+websites were also reviewed qualitatively to spot outliers & to make sure #s were reflective of actual content.
I saw a look a like of you at Starbucks tonight.
Heading back up to Capitol Hill today and tomorrow to talk about the importance of early detection of
is this making fun of Cole's nose or something
Pretty pissed off right now
I know right. I am too, but no matter what I'll keep myself in check because of his age. I respect that.
I agree, They've just abused some infrequently played songs.
Why would you miss the ones who diss you and diss the ones who miss you?
aww... cute office! And happy bday!
OMG you scared me I thought you ment you and !!!!
Georgetown shooting 13% from field. Not going to win many games shooting so bad. Have to step it up in 2nd half.
#1 option trading system.
Hope everyone is enjoying the weekend. We're 50 minutes away from announcing the first winner of a free race entry, can't wait!
Uh yeah you real weird....
Everyday on my grind
I watch you spin around in your highest heels, you are the best one of the best ones. We all look like we feel. You have stolen my heart.
I love meeting/talking to new people that I have a lot in common with :)
Testing, debugging, tuning interactive parameters, rehearsing, and resisting the temptation to refactor. And... maybe a bit of rocking out.
If a guy tells you he's different, he is just like all the others. If he really is different. He'll show you, not tell you.
that's amazing. I want one!
Excited for #tedxlansing to start!
Not exactly sure of the specific person you're trying to target but I would do searches for ppl trying to increase their klout
it's knowing where & to whom to sell to of course
Will be watching from the US. It's 6 a.m. here on the east coast!
Immigration and Customs are busting a house next to our practice spot. Over a dozen cops in bullet proof vests! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AE>
Happy birthday, ! Hope you're having a great day!
Thinking about how friends can consider them such when no purposeful effort is shown towards the relationship. Hello!?
I freaking love
Your house needs Jesus... <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
WORDS HURT!
Hey Twitter! We can't wait to provide Louisville with more new and great music! Follow us in our journey to revolutionize music!
Overheard: A:"once they start talking about organic and cage free and all that shit, BEWARE.". B:"oh my God they all have small penises."
Happy New Year! In 2010, our users crawled 12.75 billion URLs and processed 118 CPU-years!!
Excited to have you at our chapter mtg! RT Excited about giving a talk about worldbuilding tomorrow to #EVA in Azuza, CA!
smack thompson 'bout 2 lay down 2nd set 's in boulder...played some new and some classics i.e. jerry and simon garfunk...$1 cvr.
"...make more #friends in two months becoming interested in other people than trying to get #people #interested in #You!” #DaleCarnegie,
I am not. I am pretty certain I need to buy new shoes before I am ready for #AWP. And boots.
Heard Kubo Cafe is very good (butter ramen!) dinner only. SOMA is also supposed to have good ramen!
GMT International has acquired Quick Fleet Trucking. We are looking to get to $1,000,000.00 in next 12 months
"Raisins are zombie grapes" -
Lets pace ourselves.
Do u think there celebrating in Times Square now lol!
Met a bulldog on the way to work this morning. It's going to be a good day.
Haha not at all I do it all the time
Youk will be taking at bats tonight?!
"Increasingly, the world around us looks as if we hated it. "
#ThingsThatBotherMe loud laughs -.-
Today's Los Angeles weather dictates a playlist full of
Wow my aunt alice just used SMH
whenever you'd like!
CH.9 LWOP in AL is higher than the federal percentage of 2.2
i feel like a part of the Yankees. I once controlled a Johnny Damon hot streak. Picked him up and he went cold. Im magic.
carmel eifs companies, indiana stucco repair, indiana eifs repair, indiana stucco repair, indianapolis dryvit contractors, indianapolis eifs
You will never know how much it has cost my generation to preserve your freedom. I hope you will make good use of it. ~ John Q Adams
RT : are there any places that cast babies?
me to
- A Gulen Cosmos Harmony Charter School opened 2011 N Austin teaching K-8 political science and communications
lol now i don;t know what to say .:P missu ;s <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
So many Mittsteps/Mittstakes, so little time.
This wknd: African Queen at Old Redford Theater, Dally in the Alley, KISS concert, Old Car Fest at #GV. Crazy range of fun in Detroit!
The time is now....
#KerryWood = Todd Van Poppel. Both were supposed to = Ryan & Clemens. #Natinals enjoy Strasburg could end any time.
100% man over here =own house 20% -make money 20% -take care of kids 20% - protect mine 20% real nuccas 20%
See! Name of the Wind is TOTALLY "Harry Potter but awesomer!"
how can you still be in business when you are hijacking domain names and ignoring emails and requests to provide an EPP code
There are no words. They go crazy at sounds. We freak out furry critters are going to invade while mama coon trots across roof.
(Yet another of my minor obsessions! Bookmarking now. Thanks!)
I have just created a new list titled 'Global Classroom' using TweetDeck, follow it here: /global-Classroom
Just randomly received two packs of tripple blade razors for free. Is god saying he doesn't like my beard?
Now that I am adequately caffeinated let's get this party started!
I have no idea why ducks fans were voted the most annoying in the pac-10
hey you didn't know you were on twitter.
you can't dance though ......
Seriously my Trouble hoodie is awesome but old ladies @ work have started saying "here comes trouble" when I walk up
All gas still?
Crazy talk crazy talk!!!!
Casting people: Please don't ask us to "note something" when you've disabled the notes section.
"Too bad the only people who know how to run the country are busy driving cabs and cutting hair."
Welcome to our newest follower, who We hope will extend their clean-green bmore mantra to improved hygenics on all routes.
I just read this.LOL. 9mm..no. i use nothing short of a S&W .44 for Bear hunting. 9mm will just make a bear angry. Good luck
Oh god I didn't think today through at all...my skirt and shoes are definitely going to fall off when I'm running through the halls
No comment.
Oh? I'm just the opposite. I'm actually most productive between 6 and 8am. After that, I trail off, but I can get 5k words
are you doing good
Good question... you should ask him!
Its my motherfucking mouth, I can say what i want? ISSUE? PROBLEM? um idgaf.
I just met Richard Stamm and thanked him for writing an awesome book about Smithsonian history and I cite his work on
Kelly Clarkson inspires me, glad they chose it. "Just because I'm lonely doesn't mean I'm alone." I'm stronger, live for you, I chose life
This week in England I had a lot of positive feedback on our newest BeerTap designs
he probably wouldn't reply !
I was gonna do that but I thought youd get mad or something./:
all of Chevys line up is fuel friendly now. They have the Eco line up.
Living sustainably in Reference Universe: The Green Kitchen Handbook: practical advice for transforming your home from
I appreciate the follow back. Hope to connect with you further.
I think the dog is dead!!
Lmaooo!! It's all good... Just yell next time
ha too funny!! How r u?
No one believes when you say how old you are, might as well not tell them your age esp in this business!:)
Some sophmores are simply P-A-T-H-E-T-I-C :) some not all
libraries and keeping up with social tech- challenging but every step can help
The Industrial Sounds Of Electro Pop & Autotunes Sound Is Destroying Hip Hop's Core From The Inside Out
At the Pinball Hall of Fame on Tropicana. This place makes me happy.
If you have to forecast, forecast often. - Edgar R. Fiedler
Indecision is a symptom of not wanting to make a commitment.
Dig the article! Sounds like on a Friday night but with Gruppo Pizza and Ariston Fils!
I've been down and out pretty much all day with a stomach bug. My wife let me rest all day. She's amazing. Thank you honey!
I guess nothing then
No. Not yet. But I'm trying to get my mom too get me tickets for the one in Georgia.
r we getting together Friday?
Big thank you!! RT :
"The people in the New Media Center are my HEROES. I seriously love you guys." From Eagle Rants--library loves this!
lazy sunday adventures
I mourn the loss of reason. Debate has been replaced by 30 second talking points designed to consolidate the power of a few.
Alrite I need something to do seriously
MAN!!!! that's some nice music you got there ! And you've got a nice website !
Five cars deep at the Walmart oil change line at 7am! Whodathunkit? Trying Jiffy Lube.
I've survived it but gosh it was painful!!!
Thanks for following us!
RT : Gr8 companies support communities RT : Raymond James is title sponsor of April 27-28 open house!
i cannot wait until #hungergames comes out!!
spent the day playing with the photos for the new album cover
Thanks for your help!!!
That was the gayest thing ever
Our panel is back and ready to answer your questions! Tweet us your questions.
55.5 #ghcc bike miles this week. Yay! Also, I'm tired.
Not like you tried
A special #FF to His tweets are informative and reviews well written. Cheerio chap! Keep up the great work.
RT : People... Please figure out the difference between "to" and "too"....
ISF & late payment fees, reposessions, cheap real estate 4 new investments: Easy $$! 1%ers love a down economy 2 much to create jobs.
work hard for what you want in life the harder you work the better life will be Hard work pays off so we takes no days off
Well, it might be raining out, but we're having an awesome day.We've got Breakfast Casserole & Koeksisters(African donuts)to die for.See ya
Conservative pundit strategy: when you have no case, bring up New Black Panther Party.
I love when #event sessions give you time for reflection. #ECV11 did this and I even took the opportunity to do this at home.
Hello Grady Sizemore...Good to see you back!
Neither would some ones....
so im just me being.me and this chick says im a really cool guy
On my list of worst band names, this one is most likely in the single digits: Neon Indian. (Also, kind of related, Indian Jewelry sucks, 2).
well do that now cause your shower will be an hour long
See a pool of water under your car? Don<U+7A1A> worry, as long as it is just water, it is normal.
that awkward moment when you start to feel replaced..
How old r u?
#WordsGirlsLoveToHear you're beautiful
Do ya know someone lookin for a new #job in #indy? Are they creative? Do they design stuff? Send'em my way. We have openings at all levels!
hey just wanted to say hi before you go ;-&#41;
How long have u been at it? The hardest part for me is usually the 1st 2 wks. My prob is, as soon as easy, I slack off :p.
when part one makes enough to pay for it! ;)
Best priced private pilates classes: $45 per class or $400 for 10 sessions. Certified, experienced instructors.
hahaha interesting definition, but i like it!
Thank you for letting us have fun today! You guys are amazing!!
Got two huge projects at the end of this month, really need to tie loose ends on lingering projects to really immerse in these new works.
- Oooohhhh! Fantastic! Woulda?! I'm doin' it! :) Or something similar... Plenty of time next week to play with Photoshop! :)
lol :) RT : Our car is covered in we love TNS and everyone keeps looking at us. Lol
Awesome Power! Click...send.
idk yet u trying to chil with me marisa julia and analiese
Portrait of the Artest as a Young Man
Mets win 3-2 with two outs in the bottom of the ninth. What an exciting finish!!!
Thanks - she's quite photogenic (and knows it).
Take your kids to the Drive-in! Did you know that Dependable Drive-in in Moon Township plays great movies all year long?...
now i just need a super smutty novel to get me through my hibernation binge...
Hate when no one else shares your excitment.
Cocktail receptions, social gatherings, corporate events, weddings, private dinners, etc ~
Crazy how someone says they want to be with you..... But apparently not at the moment.....
our application has to be accepted still...but yes it looks like we are going!!!
this casey anthony shit is irritating
Doing some heavy lifting.
you probably don't wanna hear this then.. who's nick nolte?!
Wilson & Baker neighbors joining in schools initiative spring clean. elementary
I can't hear you, I'm having too much fun watching the VCU Kansas game.
suffering can show God's power to fix/heal as well as training us James style
I wish he was dead. You'd be better off.
There will be moments where you know you're right about something, but still have to go through the bank's hoop anyway.
Great night in philly! We solved the cheesesteak debate between genos and pats...pat wins!
the 29 th !!!Happy Leap Day all!!
Ugh i feel like if i fucked up my car already!:'(
that must have been awesome! :)
hey sis follow my new page
right! I would probably only pay 20, and that's pushing it
we had a death in the family so we had to drive back asap
Yes - that sounds like a plan!
Durianrider - what a maroon! Although he is the perfect example of a context dropper.
- walk the freedom trail. Great way to see the city!
She don't know how to discipline them either. That's why they scared of me, I'm quick to bust they ass and put em in timeout lol
hey you guys how you doing
Wait!!!! Ben too?! Oh jezz, this is gonna be awesome man. Thanks!
It's birthday!
Rachael: "That is bullshit. That is a shit of bull." <U+E415>
a rare dubspecie, inhabiting urban dubsystems
Jims Carrey's daughter on American Idol!!!! Thats awesome!!!
It's been great to see you bring your twitter game up. Keep up the good work. Hope California is treating you well.
fun fact! Giraffes are the tallest animal in the world.Males stand 16-18 feet; Females 14-16 feet. Graceful, limber, beautiful
Anybody remember the Winnipeg Jets? Wearing my jersey today.
I don't want it to be the walking dead season finale.
At the Padres game again tonight thanks to Kevin Leap! Go pads! It's not going well so far though.
that sucks!!!
Sweet dreams, all.
Well sorry!!! nigguh this week someday? after school? or something?
I agree xo
More like a boring one, imo.
Love - Getty Images for the Instagram generation. Very sharp.
yeah i'm a high roller with those gift cards ;)
i'm starting to worry that if by some stroke of luck i get really rich, i'll end up spending a bunch of money on
Gorgeous! I wish I was outside! :)
oh what the hell cena why are you teaming up with the rock say u wont do it you cant fight with him he dont like u dont do it cena
Sounds like a #ripcity whitout tomorrow. EVERYONE wears white, this means YOU!
Fellas tell the truth in your whole life you never heard a woman say OHH INTERCOURSE ME!!!
I like Gemologist in the #KentuckyDerby. But then again, I like them all.
#Arizonawildcats trashed the Huskers in the bowl game before that
I hope me & will be good friends since me & are together. <U+270C><U+2764>
next weekend the 19th
been following you guys. Indie fantasy epic here in Oregon, USA, retweet indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film.
the time goes by so fast.
You evil little maniac
Did we mention that we're buying the drinks on Thursday for Chatham Baroque: Live at Olive or Twist?
my mother has gone to bed for the night, but i shall ask her in the morning! what time would you suggest?
He is walking just ahead of the others with his arms behind his back. In his fingers he is holding a rosary. #239DaysLive [2/2]
cruisin' through the afternoon listenin' to some
Re: Pandora mention in today's MMQB. Recommend checking out Spotify. Amazed to have a collection of everything basically.
“It is the Lord who goes before you. He will be with you; He will not fail you or forsake you. Do not fear or be dismayed.” Deuteronomy 31:8
Just arrived in Charlotte for NATS musical theater summer workshop! On-campus housing at UNC is pretty nice.
Good god, man! You need help. I'm sending over the interventionists! :)
Hey , want to work on not having a bot spam text me everytime I post to your site....
lol luv ya for that shot out! U know I gotta stay relevant! Wanna talk to u about Doin a tv show soon.
Thank you, God, for love and forgiveness without limits
Frederico Mussini for the White team is killing it. 6-12 from FG, 2 steals, and a rebound.
DAMN RIGHT KATIE BUG
definitely did something to my right wrist. It hurts soo bad :(
the Target shopping cart tweet...my thoughts exactly!!
#replacebandsnameswithboobs boob city
1st youth music scholarship awarded!!! Many to come!
just wanted to thank you & ask what got you started on your mission?
Suck it up the Lakera lost i dont want to read your sorry ass tweets all night!
Long-term #sales success requires effective relationship building. Get to work.
like fruit in his beer
Any suggestions on what sites to see? We have kind of a free day tomorrow. Can we do something cool and free?
This song makes me want to dance
Across the board with and its instagram. For it's twitter
: let me know when the record.comes out.
Chandler can't sit with the flu. Not acceptable.
I just took a power nap with my eyes open, no joke. I. Need. Sleep.
The internet is not a place to sour grape your employee. It will come back to hurt companies in ways they are not aware of yet. HR beware.
we're going w a Facebook app to get people to know about & make their own go-bags. Interested?
Prudential Financial. Resume gap was getting a bit out of hand, needed to put my degree to use. It's an entry-level finance job.
nobama #evict44 As we have witnessed during the last 3.5 years, "All change is not growth, as all movement is NOT #forward." Ellen Glasgow
"Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration" --Thomas A. Edison ... Enjoy a Greatly Perspiring Week Everyone !
grrr.. Comcast is making me mad. About 2 seconds from shipping the box back
Skeehan on the demographics of empire. Thinking about paper money and credit as tools for exploiting dislocated people.
Happy April to all! No April Fools :0)
#dbwmetadata at some of the best BISACs we got were done by an EiC. For monographs, content knowledge does help.
Summoning spirits isn't 'Button, button, Who's got the button,' I would have you know.
omfg why didn't these show up in my mentions? i had to check my email to see that you replied to me :'( well anyways i am proud!
RIP Steve Jobs. The world has lost a true visionary and brilliant man.
the lime green isn't bright? what kind of lime green isnt bright! lol hold on ill think of a diff color
Just inverted a 6 and a 9 on a product key, pretty sure that is some dyslexia. In other news running licensed Dreamweaver CS6 now!
Way to Go Texans!!!!!!! Time now to rough up the Ravens.
Let's get you running this morning! ": Up and on my way to work. I am so exhausted. Need dunkin"
Funny you should ask. He is sitting in my office right now!
GUESS WHO GOT AUZ10 TO FOLLOW US.~ you better get on MCC and celebrate with me<3
just tried to write popular and i wrote poopular
try cheers
Welcome to Twitter and thanks for the follow :)
a normal sleep schedule would be nice
Trying to kill a spider but missed, then thinking: "It's gonna kill me in my sleep."
The voice of your eyes is deeper than all roses. - EE Cummings
"She looks like a shark"
ah haha funny....come wrestlemania its on! #TEAMCENATION is the man!
Putting finishing touches on my chair remarks for #newacc session at #nwaohc12 complete with Peter Venkman line:
You may not be where you want to be, but the great news is that you still have time... Everyone have a blessed day...
Dont regret that got me out the house
hahaha, yes ;) i guess i should close the vent in my room but im not gettin up my head hurts from stress lol.
I definitely booed Heath Bell. He's not on our team anymore. I'm not going to cheer for the man who is trying to make us lose the game.
APD has their batmobile at the Lighter Than Air Fair today! Plus: US Navy, NM Forestry fire truck and ABQ Fire dept. are here!
D magazine shop talk showed our top picks for fall and our proenza bag were the best!
I got 17 followers, so far
haven't had any problems before, and it was a legit reason to change servers.
Titanic Belfast opens just in time for OAA's EuroTour 2012!
Airplane maintenance is investigating a strange fluid that is on the right wing. Reminds me of why ASPCA took my pet penguin away.
What's your cuisine of choice? (I work on radio show that has weekly restaurant reviews from Journal Sentinel writer)
Hey there !
So true.RT : is a classy man.
We hope you had a great Labor Day Weekend! Don't forget, LDCM is back to general hours: Tue-Fri 9-4, Sat 10-5, Sun 12-5, closed Mondays.
Thanks for following. Be sure to stop by our Fenway store when you go to The Red Sox, we're at across from Fenway Cinema
Cleaning my garage... yeah.. I'm thrilled.
i got a new strapless orange shirt today. so cute!
The Encore of Tony Duran lead actor Gene Pietragallo honored in #Pittsburgh 11/10-10am City Council to proclaim "Tony Duran Day"
RT : Tell us (NPR's All Songs Considered) your favorite music of the year so far
Will try to check it out when I come back, will be the last day.
Ogden on fallacious Apple story: data can be center of discourse but corp. data < good data
hope you get your size homie
Thanks Sid! : Media Production Movers
Peyton should go to the jets! Get Sanchez outta there
As you go through your day, remember that while you may only be one out of billions in the world, to someone else, you may be the world.
Why am I up?
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Gino's East - Pizza (live updates)
#6. Only white people have mustaches. Seriously, when was the last time you saw a Korean with a mustache? Or an African American?
*laugh* oh, and btw, that character who is sweet and innocent kicks ass, but now may die!
Can't WAIT Til , I Goo Home im Going to see him ;)))
Hey fam what's going on in Detroit today???????
haha remember when the haircut song came on!! Hahahaha! I DIED OF LAUGHTER !!
I'm tweeting for class again. Get ready to read my intelligent tweets
hahaha I'm sure they were... But if I could go back id keep it the same.. those were good memories pissing teachers off
what's up brother?
I am seriously in complete love with
Braun was born superhuman, it ain't his fault.
Oh wait...I think I just got it lol.
There is no safety in numbers, or in anything else.
Wearing my daraja tee today to support arriving for fall tour today
If we aren t supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat?
Played my, boyfren, and Justin Timberlakes bdays in the lottery so like, prolly gonna win?
i bet barks nonstop!
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!22
Bring Mom Out For A Beer today! Free brewery tours for moms today.
1 Peter 5:7 Cast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you. (NIV)
having to sell cookies at Wal-Mart today...what are we girl scouts??
I witness a baby being birth in class
Said Waldershare, 'Sensible men are all of the same religion.' 'And pray what is that' ... 'Sensible men never tell.'
hey Bill! How r u?
10:30pm on a Sunday is so much easier to embrace when you've had a four day weekend. Those really are amazing.
If I just lay here, would you lie with me and just forget the world?
seen you at shoney's
Steak n Shake Downtown :)
BlatantBerry in 5/18 LJ: "A Rebirth in Pittsburgh" re Mary Frances Cooper & CLP--new services, expanded hours, renewed role in city.
sounds great! have a good day - with LOTS of cocktails!
Went to our fav local bar to find they're hosting an #AdultProm. Its going to be a good night.
Well guys you have waited long enough, bet you want to know what all the fuss is about huh. singles will be on my space and my official site
lucky bitch
It was SO much fun hanging out! You are in good hands with and the crew! Looking forward to Thursday!
Glad tomorrow Friday
check out her resume, its better than rihanna's. But everybody has an opinion
it is hot as fuck out here
Well, now I can relax..
Yovani pitching a gem today, let&#39;s keep it going
Back at'cha. RT Very thankful for colleagues like and —and thanks to all at Northwestern for a great day around DH.
ruh roh.... Still have some puppy in there huh???
Just entered the #BreakingBad sweepstakes I think I should win!
What blocks your entry way? A locked door...... but for every door that there's a lock, you just have to find the right key!
watching pa2 waiting for pa3 # scary movies the best
Checked into Latina Leadership conference hotel, Crown-Plaza OP. Wow, looking @ great give away items! Hands off !
I feel like I lost part of myself. I need you, and you're gone
lol text me. Maybe I will :-)
And if the Euro collapses, I could soon have 7 billion stories to tell!
han, is this like what happend last time?
Thanks for the re-tweet! We thought it was pretty epic as well!
I hope your parents find out you have twitter
Would *LOVE* to. Email me. mmurray - at - madsecinc dot com
your cute .. Hahah this is random ;)
is working with the UN food program and will donate a meal for simply liking the Street King page. Take 2 seconds to feed someone.
That SUCKS! I've had it happen to me many MANY times...
Rolling with CORS right now rather than frustrate myself with JSONP. CORS not supported in IE7.
text ke bro
Good evening and how did things go???
we've never really talkd in person! even though we were in the same school 2gether.lets change that..lets Party!
- I will check out the track when I get to the house, give me a day or two
When the roles are reversed sox fans can talk all the shit they want. When it's O's fans, says we need to grow up. Lol.
Wedding magazines are a good source of ideas for wedding gowns
Thx, ! I should follow U around for plot ideas, LOL! Just sayin'. ')
My industrial strength umbrella bit the dust today due to torential winds. It was almost 1 year old.
it's worse :( with all the construction now too
how u been
The #Yankees need a big win today in order to tie the series and to gain momentum before the upcoming series against 1st place
Every time I get paid and see how much I made it makes me want to go get another tattoo.. Someone design me a half sleeve! #please&thankyou
Goodmorning tweethearts!:) its Monday...and I wish I could sleep- but there is so much #sierrajoyness to do!
I still fire up Google in an anonymous window sometimes for stuff like that, but DDG for the rest. It's decent.
DeVante Designz Inc. - Australia to open Feb 2012, hiring now for jobs in Australia market... Designers / Marketing job
Congrats to Governor Earl Ray Tomblin, WV is in good hands!! Thanks for all the work young dems!
Arby's. Judge me.
#lagondmusicstudents performing tonight featuring our Slow Jam Band, Songwriter Sessions, and BW3!
Nothing is better than the office christmas party and watching people cause a scene. They're going to feel dumb tomorrow...
You know. I think it's a fair usage of the member dollars to be spent on my plastic surgery. My public appearance IS important.
Tmr to do construction!
I'll pass that scenario over to He can help a lot more than I can. Ah, Chicago, I need to go back.
#np "It All Belongs to Me." On repeat. All day.
I thought a thought but the thought I thought was not the thought I thought I though, I thought.
"Don't look down, it's an impossible view"
I don't hate everyone but I do hate some people. Ahah
Run 13 miles this Sunday, nice and smooth. Love when the temp warms up.
cool to see two of my favorite musicians together.
Hey now.
lol, that feel more pre-mw than mw, the only community where the fights stop when we break out the booze!
I do that in cat puke way too often.
Do u ever wana to figure out peoples tweets ?
^ When the king of Egypt was told that the people had fled, Pharaoh and his officials changed their minds about them and said, “What have...
True, but I question her choice to ride it in lingerie.
Still in the studio with and 4:23am probably got 1 more hour in here almost 15 hours today grindin foreal......
Hey followers!
Bout to take the stage at the alley. Crowd is looking riled up.
Security Tip: Be aware of what your child is doing online. Teach them about cyber-bullying, and to come to you if they ever feel scared.
No one at my school eats fish for some reason
Whoa, that's awesome!!
lol that's a gd thing
Hi everyone, our C2 website is having "issues." Our crack team is working on it, and we apologize for any inconvenience. Please stand by!
Not 50. That doesn't even exist.
Lol, I'm a teenager. The more you tell me not to do something, I'm gonna do it.
Licenses are sent immediately -- did yours get through okay? Let us know at if not.
Hope you enjoyed it!
Just realized that super troopers is almost the same cast of beerfest
got that ASS in her AVI
The only thing that got me out of bed this morning was the thought of a Bold Spanish Latte from Urth Cafe. Hey, whatever works.
Sometimes, people put up walls. Not to keep others out, But to see who cares enough to break em down.
has been desiring to perform on stage more and more. . .
HEY :) Craig we missed you on Friday - hope ur well! and Tweet - YOU Killed it at Carnival! :) XOXO
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!
Big game day today! Go LOBOS!
I absolutely love it! Will have to tweet a pic of it. :-)
Fuck Bitches ... Get Money .. MISSION COMPLETE
im crying because i cant find a ride to the june 1st show :( i need comfort :(
Also for : Joe Willis needs to experience an Olympic collapse for Hamid to retake No. 1 job. Willis looks better with every game.
Thanks for good conversation today. Look forward to working with you on upcoming #Fulbright social media projects.
"Gotye Nose" is a fun game to play with creepy effete babies
Still tweaking the site before unveiling it
i hate my piano IT FREAKING TURNS ON AND OFF !!!! i cant find my sax hhhhhmmmm were are you saxophone :>
like fureal doe y u spam me with porn link?
This weather sucks... So let's drink!!! Keys Lounge in Ft Worth tonight! Sounds like a plan...
#ThingsDatPissMeOff generic ass txts like I just wanted to say hello or hey how you
gwen just said this ice tea is flat wtf is she talking about
And so night falls on another great night at #AAPA2012. Friday: my talk @ 4:45, #anthrobandit reception @ 6, and AAPA business meeting @ 8!
Probably doesn't mean much coming from me but... don't hold out. We need you on the field. You'll get your pay regardless
So many questions & NO answers, shit drives me crazy!!
Members Card Magic +10 (25 units)
I just don't have the heart to do it any more, nor do I have it the heart to be a singer/songwriter.
they will
That's great! We love to hear visitors' stories about how the Project made them feel. Thank you!
1st game likely 2 weeks from today boys!
Be careful of scams while online #holiday #shopping. Be sure the url is https, check privacy policies, and report unauthorized transactions.
At , we've got sports activities for the whole family! Celebrate Nat'l Physical Fitness & Sports Month w/ us on #MissionBay!
up on the phone wit my mama... love talking to her :)
u aint bout that stop showin out for twitter
Haha I told you it was true! :p
9 lives sci-fi story concept has been green lit. 18 episodes . Will be casting soon I will keep everyone posted
Bulgarian weightlifter convicted of drug smuggling
Yay for passing/exceeding all my OAKS tests so I basically get a free period. Too bad I don't have a car to go anywhere.
"90% of #records filed after the completion of a transaction are never referred to again."
Nothing guaranteed until announced... Remember was told the 49ers were gunna draft him...
I actually am. You jealous? :p
RT : It's nice to have someone in your life who can make you smile even when they're not around.
Lay it on me. How was it in that moment of time? ;) x
You always know when it's time to lock your car doors, just by looking at the street number.
Honestly . . . I'm tired of running & holding on . I'm tired of constantly worrying . . .
That's my professor. #myschooliscoolerthanyours “: "I think they're something we should weaponize." - on bedbugs”
please stop direct messaging my other twitter account please. thank you
re: LA weather, the reason why cost of living is so high, I presume? Lol
Have any of you seen the displays of "Chocolate Shop" wine? Tread delicately.
Okay Knicks. That's what we've been waiting for.
Mapped out 2012, Jan-June including projects in development, classes, goals, and family time.
Sad times. Rest in Paradise MCA!!!
Haven't tweeted in a while...been looking for Webb and Badds but I think they're hiding somewhere.
Merry Christmas to all my east coast ppl! I'm there in spirit! Being grateful for all my blessings! The gift of LIFE is the best gift of all
Thanks! Just sent it to Matlea RT : Thanks for an enlightening and entertaining session at #SREBSYM. Can you post your slide deck?
Can't wait!! He's a beautiful, beautiful boy ... and looks so much like his mama. :)
Tebow...sticking it to Atlanta's fans basically the same thing
Zumiez is officially my favorite store now.
Wow, George provides too much value to this team to give him up with Green for that deal to make even slight sense.
Great reactions from future authors during the self-publishing session. Thanks #ritread for putting together a great mashup of pub. topics!
“Hey, thanks for putting my groceries in my bag. Yeah I could help, but I’ll just watch. I’m exhausted from picking that crap out. Jim G.
Maybe they really wanted that potential Vandy - UW matchup and figured it would be insane to place it in Nashville.
my pops woke
My kingdom for a king cake!
Congrats on ur acceptance into .#SistersDoNBigThings. One of the best decisions I've ever made!
In legit tears right now. Best performance this season
taco Santa has suited up and is ready for the marathon
Yeah RT“: The eldest children in families tend to develop higher IQs than their siblings.”
My juniper is flowering. :)
The Vigil all-night music fest up next! Sat 4/28 on the Cohen Plaza at #MICA - experimental, nu jazz, post-rock, trip-hop, ambient...
old teacher of mine, rat and monkey lookalike
lets get it
Hi! We're working pro bono to help TX Scottish Rite promote Access Lux event. Looking for bloggers to attend. Any interest?
Barback Olympics gave me an idea for bay area record labels- INTERN OLYMPICS! Events include coffee races, packaging trials, and tweet-offs.
Um, we're outta Internet at "You could not be logged in, max number of users reached."
thanks for the follow!
Well thank you. :)
I have a good feeling about tonights show!!
Just a reminder... learn about some great, yet undiscovered bands, by following twitter at www.twitter.com/sunislandmusic
Congrats to UW-Whitewater Rugby. D2 National Champions. Making Wisco proud!
Any updates on those New Years resolutions FB?
Do u guys kno how to post videos to facebook?
Just woke up from my nap
Thank you Dan and Amy at North Olmsted Denny's for todays breakfast!
RT if you'll support justin bieber no matter what!
#FF Follow these ladies for serious entertainment
- Thx! Pleasure to meet you too! :) PA/Loc Scout/ Coordinator? Multi-organizer! Yourself? Looking at May 8th, all day.
When u troll on Allstar weekend...they acknowledge ur troll
lol yeahh my daddy home! Time to eat and watch movies haha
I'll crush you if you ever say anything that dumb
Great game RT : Whew! Another tight HS game between Montrose and Marcus (TX) on #ESPN now! 2 point game w 48 secs!
Just a little over a week to go until the new season starts on January 26th!
would love to chat in more details, in SF anytime soon?
Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you! Happy birthday dear Laura, happy birthday to you!!!!
it's not half empty?
thanks for the heads up. i will check out your article next week.
happy mothers day to my mommy, i love her soo much :*
hey! am I gonna be seeing you on Saturday at the partay?
Impressive. RT : Beaches, huh? I didn't even sit down and I've got sand in my crotch.
...when my phone is at 80%
Swag RT : the video preciate that
T minus 6 hours and counting. Polls close at 6PM today. Make sure your voice is heard and vote! Find your polling place - call 327-VOTE.
Taking a day off my normal activities and going to enjoy a kinda-cloudy-it-might-rain day outside!
I'm trying to not think about how nice it may or may not be outside.
Just designed some new "Madison, WI" cards and they sure are swell! They'll be up in the Etsy shop tomorrow!
Despite the rain & the fact that it's a Monday, everything is going flawlessly today.
I have been meaning to watch Breaking Bad for a while. Already watched Arrested Development.
So, Valverde needs to go work his magic for another team. Thanks for dicking up a solid pitching performance by JV.
I know is tired when I can "out math" her.
I'm drafting an email (at last!) as we tweet! ;)
It is sprinkling rain in Campbell. WOW!
I should be able to hear meek mill and brother ali in the same radio rotation
My background is justin Bieber and he is so hoot <3
That is true. Bill Gates is doing fine without his degree. Maybe I just need a mentor?
#icantdeal with mary j blige giving vocal coaching. Anyway, let me text my vote in for Jessica Sanchez, she killed that
This girl just had that toilet bowl breathe #dodo for real
Rosie O'Donnell's show got cancelled this week by Oprah, the ONLY other lesbian that scares Rosie O'Donnell.
Our pleasure! When can we connect?
No problem at all! Thanks so much for taking a second to check us out!
Far as I know, you were the best candidate and the reason I didn't apply because I assumed it would go to you. now I wonder
Good weekend! The hunger games and new game of thrones! Aside from the atrocious #lfc game, pretty solid.
no I disagree fam, you know the tv show the Game on BET. The big chick Malik was dating.....she was bad.
All caught up on Walking Dead comics... Now I have to wait like everybody else.
GET MONEY FUCK BITCHES BALL WIT YOUR NIGGAS !!!!
Hi! Are you Greek Orthodox? Would would like to give out some Orthodox bookmarks to customers for free?
sorry , mentioned the wrong Chloie !
You can't bring back the past. It's gone. All you can do is let go, move on, and make better memories for the future.
hahaha, oh well..
#sanantoniospurs take it once again!!:D
: There were a few skype contacts that I couldn't load. haven't figured the prob yet. just was going to try again.
"Everybody Wanna Ride When You In Limosines"
Mike Gospel is 21 today. We wish him a very Happy Birthday :-D SWEET!
Takes one to know one!
So much for Kyle Orton always making "good" decisions
Henn night sorry Tang
Not if LA wins. Van 1. StL 2. Lowest seed plays highest seed. LA win means NASH.
Waking up ready to get today over
it's 7:30 where i am and im awake
CWF! is making a HUGE ANNOUNCEMENT MAY 12TH!
Got you don't worry jus hit me when u back
How would I go about sending you a press release regarding the upcoming 2012 Glasgow Council Elections? Thank you!
we love you too, Taylor! Thanks for the compliment
i just tweeted you x)
Today, my friend showed me that the word OK looks like a sideways person. Then I pointed out that QK looks like a ninja. I win.
Was your New Years Resolution to read more? We can help!!
Keepin it real is how we roll :o)
Booze is for blokes, Coke is for folks!
Merch downloads and all the latest on #throughyou at www.throughyou.com
haha. ok i can deal with that
Would follow more people, but not sure how I get some extra follows!
the game was so flat. missed scholes (which is sad). why can't berbatov get a game?
I love that one! Isn't it charming?
Done! Thanks for telling me :)
go Ian!
I stay on trac like a box of pumas
::maniacal laugh:: ::lightning strike:: "oh hahaha, your chickens have finally come home to roost Todorovich!"
me either.
I just don't feel the same about life anymore.
I love that idea!
I'm reading #FiftyShadesofGrey series (I'm on book 3).
44 percent of young adults plan to send phone texts while watching the Super Bowl - smart brands can leverage mobile buys.
Are they coming to New York? I will so go with you!!
me too. its not just VA/MD.
is laughing at Seattle weather forecasters and heading out to shovel snow.
she took away my computer for no apparent reason and like she shouts out at me anytime. which is EVERY stinkin time!
You 'ol Earthy ass, whole grain for the soul ass nigga lol.
Opening day, and valley over granville
A protest/anti-protest doesn't seem like the place to express your open carry rights. Police not contacting, but monitoring.
I've watched it like once or twice
EXCITING NEWS FOR SAC SPORTS FANS! prelim #arena #ESC deal reached & make long-term commitment to
Auntie Anne's Free pretzel day today until 3pm
I'm pretty good at wasting a shit ton of money.
NEW TO THE CITY - Volume 0[THE PREQUEL]available for FREE download this Sunday night, 8.17.09(12am)at www.DatPiff.com!Support the movement
of course! so happy to! will definitely come in to meet you soon! xo
I kissed a girl and I liked it (; I didn't really like it. but yeah.
I personally see Dr. Rau at Riverside. He has been in practice for many years and has a great reputation.
Language is a machine for making falsehoods -Iris Murdoch
ok I have no problem with that. Yippie. When's the big day.
woohoo! That would be so fun I'm excited y'all will be here!
Playing battlefield bad company 3 on ps3 with and add me robbimac
I feel the same way steven, but just try to keep your head up =] good things will come after the storm i promise =D
Saw a lot of happy people last night. It's amazing what our community can do.
That feeling you get when his name shows up on your phone. <3 <3 <3
RT The world needs metros to become fluent in sustainability.
Morning Babe :* <3
Sloppy Pelican, St. Pete Beach: Nachos, fish tacos, roastbeef wraps, great views, cheap drinks
I just watched the movie The Zookeeper...I love talking animals...The animals singing at the end is adorable!
Definitely am! :)
Its true, there are some wired people out-there.
Just told a guy who doesn't have a coat or tie to go to Brooks Brothers. I know they'll have both in stock, even if it won't be
The mission of the museum is behind all of that so it helps to stick to it
maintaining. U?
What's up with this new show (Shaq vs)
same, things couldn't be better in my world. Looking forward to Tigers
My room is trashed just from trying to find the perfect outfit to wear to my interview tomorrow.
“: I am anti hair product but LOVE blowout spray!” it's impossible NOT to love!
Had about 7 last night, but still exhausted ... not a day off in three weeks..
It's trending in Pittsburgh..
Thank you sir!
You better not die xD or i'm gonna kick your butt Mr. Novelli
yeah... wife talks always hit a man's soft spot. i want one! i wanna be someone's soft spot in their heart!!
haha it was great. She's like an insane competitor. Tiago is a very complex man...idk
Not there, but that was actually a very good suggestion, lol
JaVale, do you have any earthly idea how to care for a platypus?
Go on google and type in askew and if the screen tilts...Reetweet !
Hey What's the best thing to do on the drive to spring training? Watch moneyball of course!
So does that mean Kyle Miller is still with the team or is this his second stint?
Dean Spanos keeps GM A.J. Smith and coach Norv Turner; says they are the "best men" to lead the Chargers, despite their "quirks and faults".
It's tonight!!! Waking Dreams CD Release !!! This only happens once people!! :)
performing at Drom tomorrow with BrownRiceFamily opening up for Dub,Inc. Its going to be a Crazy Reggae party. come thru.
I'd love to know how they think it's a good idea?
i miss you !
I agree. We should. We're going to meet you guys at st X. According to libb and Christine.
Have you tried Sports Betting as a way to financial opportunity? www. BestSportsBettingSecrets.com reveals the pros betting systems.
To me, nearly every subject has the p0tential t0 reference a sex j0ke. & N0 time's inappr0priate t0 stare @ a chick's ass. Hello October
Congratulations Katy Seltzer! Katy was the first to correctly guess Auntie Mame, The Searchers, Ran and Scarface.
100 years ago the Titanic sank. The boat was 882 ft. 9 in. long, had a maximum breadth of 92 ft. 6 in. and was 104 ft. tall!
Saw that you were looking for a graphic designer. What sort of Designs were you looking for? We can help you out.
I told myself you were right for me, but felt so lonely in your company.
"This is Granny G and this is to all of you horny boys out there!" Wat is this.
Damn do u know u sexy
that's the best typo I've ever seen!
Although, not knowing meant I made the effort to get dressed and leave the apartment today!
fancy seeing you here! Hope you're well lovely! Come to NYC for a catch up!
Since Jacky Has My Ipod Does That Mean She Gets All My Notifications?! Even If She Replies To Them Herself? Lol
watching the talk. I love this.
At work early in the A.M, feels like its gonna be a good day!
dang, that makes me feel guilty for feeling like 2006 was a disappointment... i'm duke '06 so it hurt, prob not as much as you
Since you're here, what are the chances you'd like to meet up with Symbian co-founders, and current creators of flook? flook.it
i just wanna take my finals/ecas and leave already
just a fan:) lol
Could today be any more gorgeous?
hey tom.. i dealt a lot of plo to ya at wsop. i also runn aa2daypokernews.com and live here .would love to interview u and chill
Bored @ work.....I need something to do!
T. Jefferson.
Alas, work time. Tomorrow is Friday and payday. Motivation!
You can derail initiatives for change by blaming the library's woes solely on sytemic issues
Some of us can gifted lay the pipe, for all other relationships there is
K-Rod single.
false RT Women like the crying type RT Men are so sensitive nowadays. Imma need y'all to pull your skirts down.
thanks for the Internet 2011 report link
Why haven't I seen a chugging Mio energy challenge yet?
Just ready for a drama-free, lowkey summer !
We are very lucky. Buying a home did not work out yet again, but I am blessed with my two boys.
Watched chris mccormack race an olympic tri today. Made me want race today too
Reminder: 5:15-5:30 wrap-up session in 1100 (the lunch lecture hall)! Debriefing, announcements + planning.
We love you, Chante!
So Eagles get the best left tackle option for their emergency situation and have an option to keep him long-term if they are impressed.
Progressed to 2008 Cabernet with filet and spicy tuna. Cafe continues to be one of my all times faves
Whose stoked for some new music?!
Thank you for getting my Toto reference! Sometimes I think I write this stuff just for you!
bad bitches on deck we got the same damn likes!
I'm a birth defect with the scars to prove it.
Obama makes Hunger Games reference but hasn't seen it. Maybe he can learn something about big government and big media.
what's the story/reason for the yellow slash across the profile pic?
Marlin's game tonight <U+26BE>
“Being an ugly woman is like being a man. You have to work.”— Daniel Tosh - Yeah, he can be offensive but c'mon in a very very funny way.
idk why i like that song. i feel a lil gay liking that song, lol.
Fake friends: the ones who don't offer you a ride but say hi when you're sitting on the front benches 2 hrs after school ended
We are looking for an Administrative Assistant at the Madison Ave. office. If you or someone know is interested, please DM us for more info!
nice tackle too!
Last night I .... Who knows ?
": I'm in Florida. Got my hoodie.....UNDER MY ARM. #neverknowwhensomeneighborhoodwatchguywillgooff"
The things Men do!!
SEE!!!? Mind=blown everytime!!
Bahaha Happy Birthday Justin Bieber!!!(:
#KSsynapse Zoghbi: Some neurons more vulnerable to partial MeCP2 dysfunction; decades later, others fail (insights from A140V mutation.)
Would be so awesome if they released Up All Night tour DVD 3fuckingD!!
Data Center Jobs: Thomson Reuters - Data Center Knowledge
7 hour train to DC:)
That is fantastic news! What an honor.
Need more followers! I'll follow back. Thanks.
lol legit we dont talk anymore :(
I am so tired of the terrible things being written about me :)
thanks so much!!!
I think it's twitter. I'm experiencing the same thing on multiple accounts.
yup fixed!
what are they protesting?
he only beat like 5 guys! Whoopsie!
yes, this is fun talking and tweeting at the same time!
"Pop the Pig? Doggie Doo? Oh, Come on!" --my 9 year old. He is one tough toy critic.
i thought i was sleep when you said that shit **shrugs** hope that turns out well
If u have no other reason to go to work than to make $, odds are your company's missing its Why , Mission statements r essential!
Phew! People are always coming up with new and creative ways to insult me, so I had to ask.
#OWS | 1st you fund dictatorship's & maintain funded w/ annual foreign aid, & keep them well stocked w/ the latest weapons & call it defense
Interesting, thanks.
that you did!! we'll have to have a movie night sometime!
county lets u on ur phone during working hours. Haha
Can't sleep. Fuck.
oh i'm horrible....
That goal should've been disallowed for copyright infringement.
I'm sick of us unfollowing eachother, && you deleting me off of Facebook .. it's immature.
grandmom sent a invitation on facebook but send her my love
Lazy thursday I did yoga once may do it again in a few hours we shall see...Happiness is having to decide whether to Yoga or not to Yoga!
At the CO house show puppies will be provided.
family swim? No, no!!!! Adult swim!
Playing with Aaron Carter and Ryan Cabrera May 31st at the CrockRock In Allentown Pennsylvania! Stoked ha
Fall Preview Day for Invention Programs - 9/17 from 10-3! Free with Admission, come check out what Invention Programs have to offer!
We love restaurants!
The tech gadget on my wishlist is ___________________
We used to organize data in linked tables. But increasing computational power allows network model, w/ links going in all directions
last night was crazy bra
Keep those interview requests for Pack Expo coming!
Yeah #mubb!! 12/13 in the polls is sweet. Keep it up boys!!
Jinx. MT: Between Handel resignation, blow back to contraceptive coverage, might have hit peak reproductive health controversy.
Your source for Brazilian Hardwood Floors * Decking * Lumber
getting work done until a little after 4 hopefully then flyers game and #ogilvycraftsmen tomorrow, hopefully a great birthday gift waiting
When you rise in life, your friends know who you are. When you fall down, you know who are your friends!!
Happiness is not an accident, nor is it something you wish for. Happines is something you design.~Jim Rohn
Thanks & for the RTs.
This might be first year that #Milwaukee officials sweat over room in the budget for gas in lawnmowers as opposed to salt for snow plies.
Successful workout indeed
Yay! I didn't realize you were doing it this year....I donated to a friend for the one at the J in Atlanta!
I usually drink when I'm bored.
If elected President, I'm gonna have Chuck D write a new national anthem and have Sean Hannity sing it every time he starts his show.
Join us in the City Room at 8pm for a great night of worshipping God.
Thank you so much for your tweet, really appreciate it
lol you already know
Is it true that Paris Hilton is now going to become a dj? This is getting to be too much. I get it its a draw but she can just host parties!
I can't help it.
Congratulations ! Now our daytime beer drinking parties can commence!
For Sowj we had to hand in our time sheets and journals? Was there a final reflection paper
movie later :))
you know someone loves you when they run to get you ice + they wait with you at the DMV for 3.5 hours- thank you
that's totally okay!
No problem. Thank you for providing great blogs and tips for the garden!
Fun to see #storyteller Bethany that tells at Riley Hospital thru at Syd Lieberman intermission, too.
#lifehack if swallowing pills is hard: 1. put H2O in mouth. 2. put pill in 3. hold cup up to mouth **as if you were about to** take a sip
Couldn't sleep, its time for the Gronk soon !!
Victims find victims-Victors find victors -We are the result of our thoughts -Choose them well
T minus 4 days to Chicago. Can't wait!
Who will be the first to get a QR Code tattoo?
: Never let reality interfere with the search for a perfect metaphor.
seriously? Dang. I think it's because I made up a nickname for him <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Anyone else headed out to the game ?
1s for the money 2 for the bitches ;)
homeschooling is a great thing, but you get picked on by a lot of people for being homeschooled actually. Crazy. :P
I don't strive for perfection...I strive to be just like my daddy...
I am going to scream.
Badly. I filed a complaint with the FTC today. I'm actually AHEAD on my payments but they refuse to budge.
That was then. I'm sick of convention center now. I agree it's important to look back on midnight deal.
Over the line smokey
We'll be riding in good old Milwaukee, WI on Friday!
: Thanks, Karen! I wondered if I'd be getting any birthday greetings through Twitter.
why? Hope your day gets better!
which picture ?
Thank god I didn't take my annual trip up to Arlington to see the Red Sox this year.
RT : It can take 2-3 weeks to identify source of a food pathogen outbreak, says CDC expert.
Done deal, chief.
Very true (the auction, certainly)! Congrats on the job, btw, I hadn't seen that yet. Look forward to the book.
no from LA, and you?
International students, i may not know a lot of French, know enough to understand what your saying about me. Your mother would be ashamed.
i voted so many times for and they still dont see me oh well #muchlove #cryinginthebathroom :'(:'(
If I were to be brutally honest about our situation, I'd say we were in "quite a pickle." Excuse my French.
its all about the east. Bron, Wade, Rose?
I'm reading An Available Man by Hilma Wolitzer
Last nights episode was off the chain ;)
Hint: Kindle users purchase more affiliate products right now than other mediums-so start promoting!
dallasdrj, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Why'd I invite you. Fuck.
After you wake up, everything is wonderful, You can overcome anything you undergo
RT : NO LINE right now! Go see #TheClock & then come eat donuts w/us @ 6020 Wilshire Blvd
you and me both brother. Keep it real tomorrow.
hey! I was shooting the same meso near Belmont harbor. Where were you? Great shot!
Yeeeesssss he is. He's everything a hero should be, imo.
$DNAD no volume yet.. that's ok, there will be soon!
I refused to watch that movie the first time. I still haven't seen it. I wonder if the ship will sink in this one....
In my experience, yes, but the only way to be sure of the sort order of a collection is to sort it by the criteria you like :)
Does the track trend more to the west? That could spell big trouble for NYC -- better for Boston though?
Thanks For The Follow Brendan :D
So, how is you're day going? Mine...not so well...
SPOTLIGHT: Glass-plate negatives show city's past - Green Bay Press Gazette
Exotic Collision Center , Revere , MA , call today for a free estimate (339) 224-3771 John
Its 's birthday,so lets help her to get Justins atention,and wish her a happy sweet 16.
yes. I will have that diet coke with breakfast now.
I got 99 problems and they all bitches
Sure thing ! Anything else? ;-)
My younger sister and her three beautiful children are here, in my house, and my heart is singing.
"[the MD anti pit bull law] makes clear, if it wasn't already, that pit bulls are four-legged time bombs." statement?
"who want to sex up mutumbo?"?
Just found out I can run a mile in 6 minutes and 13 seconds!!!
Things I am looking forward to #ACBW - Seeing and others tomorrow , - Monthly Beer Fest - Wed
I hate mondays
Me too Trey, me too. RT : I love people that do what they say they're gon do...
Bad timing for parole hearing | Iowa City Press Citizen | press-citizen.com
hahaha! Love that!
/They still can't hold a candle to the career of Paul Rodgers or Justin Hayward. #I'mBitter
Do tell.....:D I won't lie, obviously I can't keep a secret!
sunshine came to LA to welcome MLAers. Don't miss the public library downtown. Gorgeous!
i know right- it's a long trip bro!! How things?
dinner and hillbilly poker with friends tonight. The ladies call the game washboard poker.
I think too much.
I just illegally downloaded your Science DVD after looking at that mong article! cheers.
RT : Come out and see us tomorrow night! The new #kreweofnyx makes its debut rain or shine! #i can't wait!
haha i like the pacers, nuggets and KD
real specific
Roger Goodell. The Bounty Hunter.
Not looking forward to the post resolution gym crowd
Didn't want to wake up this early but can't go back to sleep now. :/
perhaps a question of capacity? Opted for mimosas in the morn and coffee later this afternoon. I want it all!
I wish rappers would include more subject matter in their lyrics involving: money, women, and material goods.
Woo hoo ! Nice to see you!
i just been grinding out. Ya know doing me....how have you been didnt realize nobody would see i was M.i.A!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
lol Thursday just got even better!
Yes, flying tweets, flying emails, flying photos. Should be napping. And thanks! <3
Spent $600 this weekend. I'm ready for Monday.
#whosaiditwasok for women to grow beards n look like men but still have babies
Thanks so much!
I don't appreciate it when people take out their big wad of cash just to count out a few dollars. Somehow it seems rude to me.
Fuck im broke ! :/
Um, yea. My bags are still in the car, along with my sanity. And I haven't left my bed thanks to the severe leg cramps.
I love it so much, that its really upsetting when it doesn't work! I had to use TweetDeck this morning... blech.
Haa!!!!I just had a freakn kick-ass day!!!
best response from student coming off elevator into Campus Reading Room on 11th floor-"Holy Sh*t!" The views ARE amazing-come and see!
Whatever. You (and I) have been rooting for the Flyers since Wednesday. We were already through the looking glass.
At Gloria's in Downey, some great Mexican food. The fajitas were great.
he makes me. How wanted and loved I feel because of him.
Slim shady is at the wild horse saloon. Lol
#harrypotter was great, but now what am I supposed to do with my life? that took ten years out of me!
Omg im going to be an aunty today (:
BTW, what are your thoughts on it?
: “And now I'm drunk and overdressed at brunch. #WASPGirlProblems” made me think of something you'd say
lol i do go
#AskMcShay Do the Jags need to draft another QB or they OK with what they have?
So about these pictures of last night's ratchetry...
YES! Just miss your flight, I'll meet you at the bar...
That would be awesome if you do Will!!
It isn't somebodys body you should be interested in, it's their personality.
hi! We have six locations the original where they joined us today is 2260 Larimer st Denver!
No lack in scoring here tonight. #Gator Jamie Reeg scores bring the #Gators up to 8-0 leading
I just heard a police car dispersing people, I hope this has to do with you
So delish always! Fresh seafood as much as possible this summer!!
Made me laugh. Could start an annual Rear Window Christmas tradition. Less depressing than the other one.
Don't even try to front. Everyone has a favorite, even if they won't admit it.
Indiana librarians, would there be any interest in a job list compiled from multiple sources?
My good mood has been torpedoed and is taking on water at an alarming rate.
Life isn't always easy, but when you have God, everything is okay. Smile. Be thankful. Be happy!
That would be your title. Did come up with that one? haha
I can't stop thinking about you !! ^.<3 hehehe hope you see it the same way (:
I got it bad really need to get this person out my head. I kinda feel like god won't let me huuuuuuuhhhh.
#WhenIWasYoung we listened to r&b all day long.
Forgot to mention that I was using my phone's GPS. I guess "using" a phone while driving is illegal, but are there loopholes?
Thank you, i didn't see it till now, jeez. Ok ok he's hot. happy?
All of them lol!:)
Thank you! Live for swimming, Enjoy your week! :)
no kidding.
do you need help finding an apartment or house? We have plenty of listings for you to chose from!
I predict the Falcons will win tonight. The score will be 24-10.
Apparently the "Hug a Dad" shirt is a big hit at Tire Kingdom. Happy Fathers Day to me. Seriously, it's been my pleasure greasy old man.
Wish I were there! Enjoy the game and bring us home a W!
#Ohioprimary a toss-up b/w #Romney and #Santorum as expected.
haha! You and me both! Just talked to my partner, he just won a motion and is going out for a beer right now. I'm so jealous!
Youre a warrior
I officially revoke your #Chicago card. There is plenty of room for you up here!
Gracias, will do!
Drove 15 mins to swimming lessons. Forgot suits.
#NewTwitter, I gave up... imma have to stick with the old shit...
I don't think there is snow anywhere....we will be laughing at ourselves if not. :)
Let's go. Imma DM you a little in a few.
And a copy of Castro's military auto-biography inscribed to Che Guevara's son...also some nice golden age of illustration material.
It's like all the good things they fall apart like... Like Marilyn Monroe <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
I miss you :)
RT : Proposed Resolution: Do Something Every Day.: One of my Secrets of Adulthood–perhaps counter-intuitively–is “It’......
Oh, the games that plays! It's #GenderBenders night at - score him at tonight!
Is he on Twitter?
are you driving the #salt truck?
5 #RT's and I'll post a pic of me and my bunny <3
You can breathe now ! Wow! Congrats Cards
I wish he'd actually talk to me! I'm tired of this one syllabel crap..
I use the word precious to describe things that are cute on the daily.
I hope that made sense. I find the sleepiness is setting in now. Any who, hope you're doing well! How are the comics going?
but you'll see that most come back
is in solidarity with the 9/24 UC walkout, and I am against the further privatization of the public university system
what blend of coffee did you use? I'm always experimenting!
I still haven't seen Titanic in 3D. You?
good advice hon
Today is just #oneofthosedays >.<
Yes, I like ceral. The WuShockers harvest wheat...lots of wheat in cereal...hence the choice!
haha well your welcome :)
Always amazed W hotel
This is the weather I like
get at me for the production
Trying to find ways to entertain myself....
there's a Blair witch 2?
For those of you going to Spectrum Fantastic Live, which hotel are you staying at - Aladdin, Crown Plaza or President Hotel?
My ancestors kept chickens and cows in Milwaukee back in the 1800s
The unexamined life is not worth living to a human.
Or you could take me. Also, I miss you.
Happy Mothers Day Mama (: -Ally
What's up Felons? Run like you stole something to keep the holiday weight off.
Drop us an email at . We'd love to talk!
“: A poor leader will tell you how many people work for them. A great leader will tell you how many people they work for.” true!
I miss u like crazy :l
Great choice... is so good
Thank you for the shout-out on Friday, Su! I really appreciate it. How was your weekend?
Follow me on instagram ((:
you the man sent you some info use ur creative flow lol
Guiding question for any mobile device in classroom: How are you using it for learning? It's about learning, not control.
Thanks for RTs, we appreciate that very much!\
hello on the Twitter, Mr. O'Quinn.
got your wish. Ah....whew!
I heard about the show The Choice! It is real right?
sounds great! you should do it. hope all is well with you alela.
I wish that you guys were around to witness last night's craziness. Very few woke up sober...
Thanks for the #warriors love. Where's ? You comin?!
She ain't pretty, she just looks that way
Reading Acoustic Rooster at Booktopia in Bethesda tomorrow at 2pm. Bring the kids, come meet Mules Davis and Bee Holiday.
If the #Yankees really want to show that they are very concerned for Mariano Rivera. They will win big tonight in honor of him.
Happy Lunar New Year 2012. The year of the Dragon.
Lord knows i'm happy right now.
are they worth reading?
If you see a man approaching with the obvious intent of doing you good, run for your life.
Obedience to Jesus Christ has a cost....and I am glad to pay it.
nothing!! Sorry:P
Thanks for the mention!
“The ark was built by amateurs, but professionals built the Titanic.”
Best Happy Hour in East County is from 3-7 today! Come have a margarita or two and join us for dinner. We're in the Grossmont Center.
Hello Linda and gang. Have a wonderful day. Ms. Niecy
Downing ginger tea to stave off illness and remain energized. Threw in some real smashed ginger root lest I be mistaken for a teabagger.
That may be the case for some, but many like me are adherents to their software and hardware philosophy.
last day of school(:
Twas a fantastic show.
I just have to say...you are a true gem!!! Seriously. Thank you so very much for today!
Same building different views, One body different functions.
thank you! So wonderful to meet you yesterday!
Tuesday morning works. 9?
have you told about the design theft? They're pretty good about mobilizing the fat jealous loser army.
Oh how I wish would follow me. Lol :|
had fun with him today <3
Honked at in crosswalk by left turning car.
I'm well no complaints
looks super amazing! I'm thinking about it :)
D: that's fucking awful. envy. I'd pass out. HYPERSENSITIVITY.
Nope, according to the calendar, we're open at 1p :)
what are you studying?
is back from Yosemite.
Chris bosh was laughing at da Knicks diz who we gotta play lmao
It feels so weird being on the west coast!
Breaking news, great video, exceptional storytelling-what sets you apart? Enter your work
TAYLOR ANGEL SWIFT BRUH. I love Taylor's so genuine. Ahh, I'd cry if I met her face to face.<3
I think I'm ready! I've been getting ready since I first saw you! You're so much like eminem
FOUND JA PUNK! You changed ur screen + real name so i was, where is she?! lol
So happy is on Twitter!
Orchestra center, 15 rows from the stage, just house right enough to have a perfect view of that gorgeous face...
yes I did .. Is there an embargo date on it?
what are you up to today?
i don't always rap but when i do i always spit hot fire
Good luck in Orioles Camp Matt!
hello world
My favorite fan and friend drove 4 and a half hours to see me tonight. So lucky to have fans like her!!
So this guy Lary the computer guy has a shop in town and he fixes laptops so I'm gonna go see if he can fix mine..
Join us 2nite #JENNandELLIOT live at #theNationalUnderground NO COVER, original #soul tunes by me! 10-11!
good! Glad you guys have been coming. It's encouraging having you all there
I am 4 followers away from 2,300, Please help me get there. #TeamFollowBack <U+2714>
Lott puts Karen Carpenter next to Theodore Adorno as denizens of LA... OK?!
A very ethnically diverse crowd. I see many different shades of blue ties.
When My Days Look Low Pull Me In Close And Dont Let Me Go!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just finished shooting a Funny or Die video with Kris Humphries!!! So much fun!!!
Night twitter
Producing tweets = way more productive than reading the same paragraph on archival authority files 100x!
When the family went to lunch for Mother's Day, every1 was @ the table on their phones-tweeting & texting. No convo! Haha!
#MakeAToast to all the people that have been there and those who haven't, those who pissed me off and who made me smile your why I'm me!
Yes sir
Follow me! is a Awsome account related to Watch porn online!:*
My friend & I once twittered quotes from our favorite teacher RT "He liked his chow, ol' Thomas Aquinas..."
Hi Lisa
Sorta wish they did it vs a different opponent but proud of former players and for scoring 1000 career pts good job
You're so lucky Sam! I wish I was in TX right about now :) Have fun!
No press allowed; local residents locked down; subways, buses, and bridges closed. Bloomberg thinks this is a Michael Bay movie.
sherman sherman sherman
wht kinda project is it?
Stop watching college #football and go buy an awesome tee shirt; then go back to football.
It's almost my birthday!
Great image. Perfect relief from Oscar tweets.
lmao u know tht go b cold this year, they racked up on players
#boxing #quote Boxing is the only sport you can get your brain shook, your money took and your name in the undertaker book. Joe Frazier
The inks ARE a fortune. They've always been that way. I have a 410 and a 1400.
sounds more like
It *is* later -- you're on Eastern time. ;-)
Pics of puppy, or it didn't happen!
OH NO!
I know a DJ who may be good for this event. What are you looking for?
What city are you from?
I'm an old, lazy, jet-lagged man tonight :( Facebooking has me beat!
I would love more then anything to be yours . <33333
great thinking. Where do all these people come up with the money to buy movie tickets??
what sports? I'll see what I can get for you?
Famous last words: "Don't let this IPO ruin you"
"I'm your dog, but not your pet"
I loved Anne of Green Gables as a child. I read the books and watched the PBS tv special all the time.
RT : ah nice. get the app, add and get an instant reward for a free basket of fries.
Apparently Vermont passed a #fracking ban. How'd I miss this? Waiting for the Governor signature to become the 1st state to do so.
Love that my Rangers made it to the WS, hate that some people are such fucking bitches.
I like frosting (buttercream) by the trough-load
try rebooting while holding eject
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Crest Infant Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
this video might be my best<U+2665>
w no rooting interest I can sit back & relax watching Smith vs Rinne & appreciate the great goaltending & D
thank you, awesome song!
“ Gemini will enjoy your company better if you're flirtatious too. It's more fun this way!”
great hangout on unbundling in education with and friends! Great insight, ideas, and ponderings...
Oh great, the power is out
Need some food ; /
I LOVE the special things you send me ;-) FYI I'm your balla lil lady :-)
Some say Love ain't worth a buck but I'd give every dime I have left to have what I've only been dreaming about. I Love Rihanna <U+2665>
Check-out on YouTube.
I just had to explain to a student that, she couldn't use a sample paper from the web as a reference.
My sister sounds like a chainsaw on steroids when she sleeps... I'm SO glad sharing a room is temporary!
Packers winning... Bears losing... All is right with the world. ;)
Now that i actually have a life things i used to do out of boredom just seem weird now
Can't stop thinking about all the mothers who have lost a child...
still thinking about the lakers loss
Watching #thewood , I love this movie.
Jolly Pumpkin La Roja is off the hook!
Working on the start of the rest of my life. I can't wait to graduate and get my life started.
Us Dads get all kinds of undeserved credit....
I have been wondering when Bare Conductive was going to get their product out! Very excitig, too bad it can't be used on skin.
What, exactly, don't you know about her positions on key issues? Her public statements and voting record are available to all.
i just texted you. :)
"We have a dream that... all work will be valued equally" Domestic Workers write for fair labor standards today 3pm
I'm at montwood too!
Thanking god for allowing me to wake up this morning
wait what..
definitely think you should :)x
Protect yourself at all times
wow aint gonna lie looks bang'n now good job girl u look incredible!
#EMAs is now over so next up is #HALOAwards tonite @ 8pm (Pacific Time) be sure to watch
oh god!! it's okay boo ugh I wanna die too
If you can write an intelligent book about an otherwise dumb series of life decisions than you deserve to be called an Artist.
All I ask 4 is context.They act like 20 berated him. He said what Flacco and team could have done better.They need clicks that bad?
go enjoy ur teen tears and stop bein a fanatic! Nicki not goin to even notice u!
Favorite perfume Pink Sugar
since we're over the cap. Why don't we get rid of Luke Walton? That's gotta free op some money somehow
could you tell them to hurry up and start already :)
Waiting to board Honor Flight with 100 WWII vets. "Boy, there are a lot of old guys here," one of them says.
Very sad to share the loss of our dear colleague & friend, Mr. Carl Williams. He will be greatly missed in the #SEEK department & at
it's always something , i swear .
When I was 12, I broke into Brick Church Middle School and stole a frisbee, a basketball and lots of glue and expo markers.
Bryz is finally standing on his head! Flyers could easily be down 5 goals.
RT : Welcome to new followers!
is ready to get LOST.
Hi Leah
I just realized that lol people already took te name that I wanted. Imma change it again lol
"We should acknowledge differences, we should greet differences, until difference makes no difference anymore."-- Dr. Adela Allen
My super power is wasting time. Time actually disappears in my presence. Super hero name? The Daudler.
well done hiring innovator and visionary Significant potential for him to have broad global impact
There's a drive to left and deep! HEY, Get up! Get outta here GONE! A booming 2-run homer for Braggs, and it's 5-4 Brewers!
hi esme!!! how are u?
Christopher just asked me if it would be ok if he showed up this weekend... umm, dude, YES please! I need my man. (:
#itsalwaystheuglypeople that call people out for being ugly
It's the weekend baby.....
Sick of sentimental #CivilWar stories? Read GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan. $2.99 AmazonKindle. Gritty tale of women in Hooker's camp.
DAMMIT! Why did I click on that link!?
Arm and hand: numb hand
Thanks for the follow new friend!
On the air right NOW - with Shirim - Jewish music - featuring the music and chants as Shefa Gold, Kirtan Rabbi, Temple, Rakia Shamaya, more
who won the game & how much did you bet Will? (kidding) but seriously, who won.
monica garcia. u 4 are powerhouses. Smart, successful, and fabulous
Looking back 1 year ago in DC+ (MD + VA) and WOW have things changed a ton in #StartupLand - it is truly awesome!
thanks so much for the support and looking forward to meeting you as well :) please be sure to find me!
HOW MANY TIMES MUST I KILL GNATS IN MY ROOM?!!? I FEEL LIKE I HAVE KILLED 5 TODAY!
congrats Brazil. even though I live in america. THey worked hard at it.. congratz!
Working on new children's collection and enjoying every minute of it. :)
Remember when you used to be on Glad commercials and were in the film Shorts as Nose Noseworthy?
Facing foreclosure? Get information from the Capital Area Foreclosure Network by texting HOME or CASA to 877-877 (Please tell others)
25 million users and you guys still have to charge 1200 msp for DLC. come on man!!!!!! where is Infinity Wards Heart?
states could PAY for #highered. Problem solved.
Cinco de mayo breeds DCS, otherwise known as 'day club situation'
Movie recommendation is the original "Dawn of the Dead"
so you liking the new gig?????
: Hope all is well
lmao mong! eyyy I finally have one now btw! It's my desk but still
well, its nice. yes. I am into flash animation you want see my portfolio if you don't mind
Thank you for the retweet ! - Mark
I hope you're coming back to DC :-)
Duchess Kate is probably in the middle of her fourth doggy position at the moment...
RT Probably....RT Am I the only one that doesn't find Idris Elba particularly sexy? *crickets*
I was can
Waffle Happy Hour! Proclaim to the cashier (and the world): “Behold the Power of Waffles!” for a discount.
So many unforunate distractions during my speech <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Hee hee Happy Momster's Day You give the best advice! <3
Cut Burnett loose after this? Same old AJ?
Good luck! Remember to stretch every now and then
It's going to be a good day - cupcakes from and cheesecake from - Happy Birthday Gail!
If you can get a following!!! “: Revenge viewing party tonight? and I may be interested...”
Thanks for the mention!
I fucking hate classes when I just sit here and stare at the clock. I got shit to do muffukka!
I'm spending my last night in Vietnam sleeping outside in a hammock with a nice breeze. Not looking forward to freezing temps again!
Yes I don't have to go to the other shop! Thank goodness. I just can't handle the madnesses there.
good thing I got to my spring cleaning today ...
There is a special on itunes. If you buy "Centerfold" and" Don't Do Me Like That" you get one song for the price of two.
u did
Trade info for was first reported by "the man" No one is closer to that team.
Sonny Stitt born in Boston (#AcousticRooster knows his daughter Katea); Also, Modern Jazz Quartet records "Lonely Woman"
Hey, not sure yet? And you? Def taking it all in.. Love San Diego;)
big day for the #NFLCombine ...QBs and Wide-Outs #RG3 and #KendallWright are gonna rock it today.
LOL SMH what did you get?
why was it soo easy to let go of Cynthia ?!.. besides the fact she lived in Brooklyn
Obama wants to be the great appeaser, he needs to know the truth will win. Go with the facts dude.
poppin Melatonin like it's skittles..!! ps: this new layout is weird
Very intriguing.... Our new exhibit coming in Nov will have a connection to relaxation. Thanks for the link!
Mhmm what is it called!!!! :O Or is it just dyed?..
Taddeo: "Information Warfare redefines the concept of war as...transversal...the way it is waged and the ontological...status of its agents"
lmfbo you are so silly i swear.
pfft. Aint nobody going to church at five in the morning lol. Maybe around ten.
i feel so nauseous but I dont wanna feel nauseous 'cause I wanna go jogging :(
The smores. : What is/was everyone’s favorite part of camp?
and I'll be more sad if they get all disrespectful and that causes him to not wanna meet fans anymore...but I doubt it
A invite in a pull requests. Hadn't seen that one before…
Car discussion about music choices: Matt: "Do you have anything dark and heavy?" Mike: "You mean like Miley Cyrus?"
She's gonna be the Queen of House. It's all right there in the creative brief and the SOW.
One week from today......the journey begins!
omg I wanna where did you order them from??
I guess I should be happy about how terrible Facebook has become. One less timesuck in my life. Freedom!
Do you have any problem with your skin. If you have any problem find us here
have not - strange twist on the style, if it has a smoked malt.
(i like) MANY #homeless people have been victims of #abuse. NO we CANT go home!!
Live fast die young, go all in<3
Gentry Lee - chief engineer NASA "2075 our body's will be filled with nano sensors and we will go to doctors only when something is wrong"
This witness is citing Dr. Guttmacher's testimony from 1970. How long before he brings up: MLK? Hitler? Civil War? Jesus?
lol...two weeks away, don't worry
Our Warehouse Sale Starts Tomorrow. 40 Engelhard Dr Aurora, On L4G 6X6 @ 10am. Up to 70% OFF name brand health&beauty.
me to I don't know who calls me
I can't imagine even fitting in that tiny tub, let alone taking a bath
4 more tweets till the new picture. Who should it be? Clubhouse leader right now is Eddie
RT : 5 themes #gigabitcity library grp: digital divide, cultivating reading, library as datacenter, civic engagement, local content
thank you!
Lmfao now if someone asks what your wearing you can say kim jon Ill!!!
indeed! hope you're enjoying the iPad ;)
when Drew Carey moving to Seattle?
Gosling here, call me
Who would read a blog about cleaning anyways?
we will be coming to visit earlier that week!
My mind went there too.
ME ME ME ARIANA PLEASE! I'm from IRELAND ;) hehee love you so much x
#IWantBTRAutograph & that lucky winner is ME, yeah :)!!! i wish
Back on Cali soil. What a relief.
Happy Mother's Day to my lover
Takes 1 man to make you realize the rest were all boys.
Hell Yeah!!! Loll
Shes a doppelgänger her new dude look like her old dude c'mon now
Honestly loving you didn't do anything but hurt me in the end.
who knows someone that can do a promo video for me!
you still working at BB? stay warm my friend!
Your teeth look REALLY white.
#EmailMarketing Tip 31: 36% of consumers say email marketing has become more relevant in last 12 months. (e-Dialog 2011)...
I love twitter during #PHILLIES afternoon games.
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. – Dwight Eisenhower
Forecast for Wednesday Night: Partly cloudy. Lows in the mid 50s. West winds 5 to 10 mph. Becoming northwest after...
Life is about moving forward one two-year contract to the next.
yeah now its HEY GET UP GO SLEEP IN YOUR BED\!!1
im following tellman
Dear Ms Riter: yes they are, and the space vast. there is Christmas with my family, some shows coming...
Yeah! The week is half over. Go on with your bad self, week.
I'll be at chance's house if you need me.
never let 2 teenage girls stay home alone
YOU GO BOY!!! RT": Barbosa knocks down a deep three as the shot clock expires to give the Pacers a 2pt lead."
Thanks for the #FF!
S/o to my newest, ultimate instagram follower.... #SarcasticSmile <U+E056><U+E402>
In all, we have secured about $800 million in financing for dozens of hotel and resort projects ranging from $1 million to $136 million.
BORN, not boring
Yes. Guy giving me a funny look, I was checking my hair in my phones camera.
Aight. I'll send them ASAP
Off to Fargo, ND for 3 days of kick-off fun.
check out my last post! :)
Yo they suck
Yinz get ready!!! Our new salad dressings are divine... You'll want a spoon just for them!
you are BEAUTIFUL! i love you Lil Mama! <3!
I just was reading about it today. Need to look further into it. Thanks for all of your help!
Never saw a raincoat that exposed so much leg and cleavage. Whimper.
LOVED this week's Castle :)
MERRY CHRISTMAS!(:
Yeah, the link I tweeted contained that information (which is why I shared it).
NOLA is going to be the best. Parade #2 just like 2006!
Am I the only one that didn't buy a lottery ticket? First Hunger Games, now this.
Are you still considering bands to play?
On my way to College Station for my cousin's commencement. :) : whoa, SO close, but SO far. lol
Well, that deserved an Academy Award.
roll it up, light it up, have a puff. let's take a plane.
I'd be scared of too!!!
Like a Ban roll-on? Bwahaha!
Today's intention: Consciously live by the Golden Rule (treat others the way I'd like to be treated). Inspired by Colleen Barrett &
lol..pic coming in a few. Had to wash n condition it first
you don't love a god, you love your comfort
chill gurl...let tht boy become a man
I lost all of them thanks to surprise surprise my ex
Need more followers :( show some love
If you have the Fan Cost X app on your iPhone, take a screenshot of your favorite team's prices and tweet us w/it.
Slideshow: ‘Springtime Life on the Farm’ at Hallockville
I came into this world black, naked and ugly. And no matter how much I amass here, it is a short journey. I will go back bare and ugly.
We gots a boom boom stick guitfiddle and guitfiddle 2.0 some cans and those talking guy peoples
YOU ARE NOT FAT OR UGLY. OMG IM UGLY. and im losing my abs. IM eating to much fatty food
"He's a Yankee talkin' guy."-- Dad. This man is made of solid gold.
Love the sunshine :)
I was really hoping you were going to tell me that her cellulite was really bad or something great like that! Damn her perfection!
FORGET Michael Redd! 55 games played in the last 3 years. Got paid 18.3 mil/Year yet didn't even come to games. But he wants to "move on"
is at the office late working on the website
Was his first name "meta" by any chance?
That's what I was thinking! RT : Geez! Thx twitter for confirming that I'm not crazy - that was an
it was American Airlines. Kind of scary. You're probably right, "high speed tape." Haha.
what we on tonight bro
- I love you and your twit-pimping of my photos! Keep up the good work babe!
awhhhh i wanted a message from you on mine, but i ordered it before they said that you could get a message on it );
It is scary to see how bad the Bulls offense can be when Rose isn't on the floor...
Michele Mattia says What do u stand for? What are your passions? How can u use your passion to create?
I just don't understand how its a drug! I mean someone gets cought its a drug charge. I don't get it. Make it legal
RT "All women become like their mothers. That is their tragedy. No man does. That's his." ~Oscar Wilde, [...] 1895
engage new audiences, affect visitors' perception of museum, share info not appropriate for other channels.
Excited to collaborate and bring together digital media and learning!
And those eyes are amazing. :-)
Would like to wish a happy belated birthday to my friend , an amazing woman of social media who is destined for great things!
Cheers to a prosperous 2012!
RT : Teen pregnancy in the 90's: "Shit, my life is OVER." Teen pregnancy today: "LOL MTV here I come!"
If your life path arrived at being a parking checker, i hope that path continues on to an unending series suffering. #getarealjoba@$hole
I have the best dad <U+E327>
Have a great run today! Can't wait to hear all about it.
I kinda feel like calling someone
Jamming to Stevie Wonder might be the best way to start your day
Whatever honestly... I'm tired of all this bullshit
When in doubt, blow it the hell up - Words to live by, man... If you're a terrorist.
please follow back so i can dm you about the boys in nyc!
My dad is so silly xd
WHAT A BABE!!
The devil didn't create anything he's a chump....pastor Ron
Thanks for the RT.
who has the most effective means (idea) for ending child abuse, spouse abuse, substance abuse or something of the like...
no! We just heard about it recently and have been trying to make a trip.
I'm really uncomfortable and frustrated with something. But I just don't know what the hell it is.
Let yourself be drawn by the stronger pull of that which you truly love.” <U+2015> Rumi
#FollowFriday #Bicycle Tour Operators
We just launched a new bulletin board feature on the clipboard...check it out!
no #lol I'd go down to 998 and I'll know
of is now Vice-President of the !
Not strangers, just future friends.
Waffle Wednesday! Eric Von Blon in the house!!!
Would be so awesome if they released Up All Night tour DVD 3fuckingD!!
thanks William!
I have never been more attracted to a 60 year old man
me too I just started watching this year. I went to England when I was 12 and got a Liverpool jersey Gonna follow them for now
Find his own way but shared it with the world
Keynote is interesting but has similar issue as Good to Great which is drawing big conclusions from small sample size.
DAM RIGHT >>RT There's a little truth behind every just kidding.
sorry to see you unfollowed me..hope that makes you feel better about yourself
keeping positive thoughts for you and hour dad.
RT My dude jus jumped on the tables.
"God can dream a bigger dream for you than you can dream for yourself" -Oprah God, I'm ready whenever you are. :-)
Why thank you! Hope our paths cross there or here or elsewhere!
Well, the last chapter was a flashback, so you could always start from the beginning over and over.
woohoo!!!! :D i hope you can come!!
Look at that subtle off-white coloring. The tasteful thickness of it. Oh my God, it even has a watermark!
Let us know if you need any help! We have a ton of scholarships on our website that need homes ;)
Thanks to , every Monday is Theater Night at us at for #karaoke!
So grateful I got 9 hours of sleep last night
prayers go to heaven when you close your eyes
okay, ready!
Yea murder the interview so bad that instead of a regular position they want me to be the manager. #Tuh #team_phenomenal #
Actually excited to go to class today in the hopes the feeling in my toes and fingers will return
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours. - Richard Bach
Haha is rolling around on the floor. Eating an uncrustable. Wtf!
Funniest thing I heard this wknd was telling me his band Tourism sounds like New Pornographers. BAH! May 19th they play SodaBar.
kinda pissed this morning.. pretty sure i got ripped off yesterday. >.<
yeah he still has pictures, :) I actually have a England jumper, its nice! And I watched #KOL in Tulsa, OK last April..
(English Proverb) It is better to begin in the evening than not at all.
Woot woot! What do you and Gladys have planned for your #Vegas trip?
Nate Robinson in 12 hrs-- RT : Who wins in HORSE, Dooling or Tony Allen? Tough call. Game would last 8 hours.
what a horrible day
Ion kno if shes the best ive ever had but shes the best ive had yet
Vitamins or medicines can be use as a treatment for hairloss but herbs are the best treatment
RT : Anyone attending care to share a hotel room? I'm a decent, clean fella.
oh! Well you can still be my friend even if you don't cheerlead haha.
Crowd-source question for the foodies: what are some must-read baking blogs? Either local or afar.
there may have been some days when I lived in BC. Maybe I'm just excited about a nice day without wind.
Saturday's salsa experimentation went well for the most part. We cooked the salsa to compare the shelf-stable and fresh product.
Would u ever let a big girl ride u .. Me: #OverMyDeadBodyBoi!
Jennifer Aniston Network: Jessica Simpson Vs. Jennifer Aniston ...
have fun in LA! Had so much fun meeting you and your both are so nice! It was crazy seeing you guys in person!!!
Great post, Melissa!
TGIF!!!! great weekend ahead, playin in Nashville and treating my mom to a BIG! surprise for Mothers Day!! I love my mom...
first person that comments gets a Mahomie I.D. All I Need It This Info: Member Since: Birthday:
You should watch Cabin. It's such a good movie. Sure. it has it's scary moments, but then you'll laugh your ass off. Lol
RT : Time for a saucy date with ;)
On my way to alcatraz!
I wish I was going to Belle Glade this year :'(
- buuaahhh!!! gotta love the way you think on that one! I almost took that to Facebook and acted as if it were mine.(NOT!)
Fight the good fight, brother.
what was the original name of your acc.? :)
It's official<3
it's 6am and I'm just going to bed now...see you at 4:30, you'll be waking me up...ps not going to sanjivi. Need sleep :-/ :-/
lmao but it still happened rightt? Like the bj part
Got my push-pop biiittcchheesss <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008B>
Did you know that Kangarros can't jump backwards? ...Australia's got some strange laws
#Hoedown is 24 hours away!! What sings do you want to hear?!?!
We've got events coming up if you're interested in supporting the film! Tweet or message us to find out more!
aslong as 59.69% of them are , I'm ok with that.
you're gorgeous!
Mom and gma! Peds onc RN. Love music, theatre, encouraging my bratz to pursue their dreams. CA survivor-grateful for life. <3U
I can't believe how well I restrained myself at Fabric Depot yesterday. So many pretties!
What!!!! Yes! Hopefully! It's been too long since I missed you when you were in LA. SF or bust!
who else is wide awake ?
where do i spend most my life now a days? TWITTER!(: FB just bores me(:
that's a pussy beard. Grow a real one.
: did you know that I am now always running towards you?
The ladies love when you hug them from the back.
Omg!?!?! is so sweet, I love him and with all my heart, nothing will change that… <3
Geeking, not geeing. :)
It bothers me that Clinton can't quit....um, yeah, that's all. Follow up: have you ever been addicted to cigarettes?
yes love
I'm about to flip a table. I believe most of the room is over 18. No need to talk to us, oh casting assistant with disdain and venom.
#ChiCultural2012 #Northside needs to share with #southside. Maybe #Pilsen murals need to come north to have a stronger latino flavor
Next up- Deep Blue Sea... and like every shark movie, must start with horny college age people getting drunk on the water.
big things a-brewin'
Excited to hear today that Luke Bryan's album Tailgates & Tanlines has been certified platinum!
if dallas loses at atlanta.....nugs need only one win.
Girls who wear clothes not to tight or to revealing are still beautiful For the girls who do wear clothes like that, you may learn something
They have very inspired lyrics, that's for sure.
Mapping out the Big Blue Ticker Tape parade. Go
sounds good ! Is it just me or does the pic look like a pig-dog?
Hey hood rat im tryin to be #1 on this twitter tho
Coaching Sessions Available www.actorsintensive.com Sign up now to receive 1-on-1 coaching. In-person, Phone, & Online. (323) 620-6951
they say online on many sites sony flagship player to come out around april may june the latest is it?
I've been ok y tu
Any #sf folks know a good tennis instructor?
Well you were showing your collarbones and wrists. You were asking for it. *sigh*
a lot of people are still tweeting about #NFL football. Isn't it over? I mean, I miss it, but can we do something else?
Pleasant #SWISS #LX8 flight back on Sunday from #ZRH to #ORD. It's nice to be back in #Chicago, but I'll miss
The only Vampires I fear are of the Christian Zombie variety.
Ended up running for an hour... I'll rest later!
#ThatsSoraven oh snap.
Hi - I remember you! I am not at HAL any longer. I got my dream job elsewhere.
Facebook places is revitalizing deals for brand pages. Seems like a possibly great retention/revenue tool so far.
People talking about the 3DS being the first time Nintendo ever lost money on a console are likely forgetting the Virtual Boy.
thank god. I was wondering where he went
soo good to see you this weekend!! Love you honey!! ;-) I need to make an AZ trip ASAP!! ;-)
Soggy Tuesday. Good morning!
Thanks for placing me in such august company in you Jan 6 mention
that wouldn't be a problem. Let me know when you need me. 267-702-4613.
love teachers. love the 80s. Glad you brought both together.
I second that!
Never thought I'd say this, but we're getting some much needed rain!
Is 2+2 still coming back this week?
murder suicide =/= the hood
my guy! whats up?
They heard I rap now... They look at me n think $$.... I look at dem n think Broke bytchz smh
Can it please just be Friday? I want to see the video
You are so right! Yet they are out there, and they know they are right.
sweet tea and ravioli, what could be better..? maybe the fact that im leaving for florida in 13 hours
u know how i do
": < this gay ass Nigga gona add his name at the end of my tweet ... #TakeYoGayAssSomeWhere"again a cock sucker
There is a difference, I am like V Guy Fulkes, but this time I don't have to die.
im in a good mood today. YEE.
rhapsodielle on eastern !
Holy Mount Zion -jammin' in the name of the Lord
I really hate Serena van der Woodsen. Team Blair Waldorf all the way!!
My dear friend Holly. Amazing! MT There is no question it was #Gaddafi. Every time the ambulance stopped, mobbed by rebels.
Hi! Thank you for the RT :-)
Quote of the night "I don't need a new husband. I need a new vegetable." In regards to the #7yritch. Nice.
I'll give you that crown in advance
absolutely. they're both great FPSs. Visuals on R2 are better, more and newer enemies, etc, etc
Why do I use a photo that's nearly 10 years old? Silly question. Because I looked a lot better then.
Why do I not get that joke? Is it because I'm old?
i am
In Da Tub Seating Bored af
Want a laugh? Google "Happy Feet Two gay krill." I was almost in tears at sweetness, wanted to see commentary. Instead, I found FauxNews.
dang I'm barely 30 so now I'm a cougar! I just look very well!! Hello Darius!
That's just as much work to reupload them. I just want to copy and paste. Maybe it's not possible.
make it tangerine!
1983 Flashback: The King Holiday was signed into law today. House passed the bill 338-90 on August 2. Senate passed October 19: 78-22.
Than you!! she's been around awhile, too.
thanks brother!!!!!!
Really love it when I go to the bio tutor center for help with homework and they lead me to the wrong answers.....
What kind of goods. I'm going in April. I'm good friends with a shipper from China
Gingrich appeals to the worst in Americans in the name of what makes us exceptional.
If you stop wearing black shirts, jeans, sneakers and a hat no one would recognize you.
I'm sorry to hear that about your dog. :-/
Anybody can accomplish anything with determination
wtf i go to make a quesadilla and come to that
If you love life then life will love you back
lol just tellin the truth you and Roc will be bumping and grinding and then BOOM 9 months later baby Roc jr is born!
Oh yah....... Now it's time for the after party!!!!
A Macon Co. jury convicts Bill Richter of murder after deliberating for less than an hour. I'll have more tonight on WAND @ 6 & 10pm.
Oh yeah if the post was too weird let me know. Re: Demi.....Hon there are folks who are saying the same about the main band I
oh god theres a lot when i saw u in chicago, when u said my name on tinychat & MANY more (:
The love of learning, the sequestered nooks, And all the sweet serenity of books
My background is lime green ^__^ it blends too much w/ one pic tho =\ oh well. I threw a random summer pic in it since it was unequal LOL
ah I wanted to turn it in tomorrow. Thanks anyway!
I will be at the Brew Fest in Winter Haven Florida on April 9th! Come out and enjoy some craft beers and a new line of beer truffles!
always fond of Futurama's "Where the Buggalo Roam" episode.
Horry county... Aynor high school is there!!!! I miss myrtle beach...<U+2600><U+2600><U+2600><U+2600><U+2600>
Pity, we have been looking forward to this all Winter! What was the result of your game #3?
Nothing she just has to do some pet interview where they'll find out that she's the nicest dog in the world.
I dreamed of the day when I could watch the Timbers on regional cable over a glass of wine...at the beach.
best toothbrush is what? Please help me w/ this.
Pweddyyy pweeze wish my best friend Rosie a happy birthday?
58% of teens have sex before 16, RT if you like donuts.
lol fair enough I'll figure another proposal idea ;) and I wot play or keep them on our home ok
by : The SR 520 east and westbound off ramps to Montlake Blvd have reopened following memorial procession for Seattle polic...
S/O2 BGI-BOYS I C YA #YUGOTTA$ME CHECK US OUT YOUTUBE MYKUCCIENT
And don't get me started on my family. But I have known off the above it all became clear to me today
Not only has our managing editor been here 40 years, she brought her own cake!
I hate that clothes in bigger sizes tend to be less fashionable compared to the smaller sizes. Big girls deserve to dress good, too.
At te bar with my bro
i wont give up on you :)
Big thanks to for letting us cater their event last night! Looking forward to more caterings with you all!
you should have punch dat hoe in da mouth
bahahahahah it was a damn good bite.
We need Kanye West to go on tv and say something like: "Amazon hates book people." (from Aimee Jackson)
Why is the "Ah sh!*" message always playing? Wish the schedule was back on track so my DVR recordings weren't ruined.
RT : Spread the #mittenlove! We're officially teaming up with to collect mittens for charity. Learn more:...
And just like that, inspired.
It's bipolar you dumb bitch
You might be a runner if... Gatorade is your drug of choice.
Know any visualization or game designers available? Looking to hire.
First & foremost I'm jealous. Secondly, you may never grow a mustache the same way again.
You think you know someone....
Somewhere tonight, a nice young man is going to bed & doesn't know that the #Jaguars will draft him in 1st rd, guaranteeing he'll be a bust
I'm ready for my Saturday night!! R u?
RT : As a predicate nominative: He is six-FEET-two? Or six-FOOT-two?
Google has handed us the paints and the canvas, but the work’s not done. -
Sitting, waiting, wishing. Blue skies are making this Monday a bit more palatable. Thanks for that!
Thanks for the shout out!
Brilliant Ariel, ! :)
Sign up with Petloop.com and create your free acount today!
My pleasure! Quick question- I just started this and am trying to get it seen- any recs for stores in chi-town I could ask?
the devils sled involves death and murder. illuminat serious damage.
Read a great one: Progress has little to do with speed, but much to do with direction.
You have not Tweeted since Friday. I'ma steal your phone and unfollow the free shoes place if you don't start Tweetin'!
A 5th puppy was just born with the umbilical cord around her neck. Luckily, my sister was able to unwrap it before it died.
I work all day bum
It's so precious!! Congrats!!!
any chance they let William Shatner intro him "Khan"?
My dad "the collective IQ for the jersey show cast is an 80"
Aahhh I've never had luck in love !! </3333
sounds like a good time ! You should try to find a hot wheels club in your area and get him into racing ! Its a great time !
ya okay riley
When is magic aids gon kick in ... LOl
HAHAH. and they made cute little faces at each other,it was true love for sure.. such a tragedy they didn't make it...(;
Bye-bye computer and smartphone. I shall think of you fondly from the African Bush. Next stop, Senegal.
Really good guess! But no.
Pretty sure everybody loves you RT : I am sad nobody loves me
RT : A2: You can achieve a ton without being passionate about it. You can also be passionate w/out achieving success
Wouldn't it be nice if I fell asleep beside you every night and wake up in your arms every morning?
Got my oil change on!...finally...thanks to Andy & the boys at Good Year in Champlin!!
It's very hard to eat food and watch #TheWalkingDead all that gore!
"over weighted" THATS TWO WORDS. LMFAO
Just something to think of next time someone asks you about clearing a volume...:)
Oh wait, I still have to feed myself. (at Bemis Center for Contemporary Arts)
I think an intimate table for 2 @ #Cascabel = a feast for the senses & one of the best damn date nights ever!
What Eric said RT : you've yet to name one thing you're good at Javi
You look gorgeous lady!!
keep an eye on me twitters at noon today! <3 <3
Hahahaha oh my, Michaela told you(x
High & Thanks for the shout-out! Wanna a cookie?
watzzz up 2 i like ur photo rlly cute,awww is tht a baby or a 2 years old boy/girl
Dirksen LOCKS of the night. 1 for 1 so far with Pistons over 183. Goin for 2 for 2. LETS GET IT FLORIDA!
Hi Raquel! I checked with our Program Director and there is no GRE requirement for admission. If you have any q's about...
advance auto checks FO free I think
Love will not betray you, dismay or enslave you, it will set you free
Today: Drumline practice was just cleaning. Stole an owl for Emily. Watched Stepbrothers with Doug.
When are you going to post your first tweet? :)
I love this firdaay :)
“: Beautiful day for the NFL conf champ games. Best part? Only 2 weeks left of this horse shit.” For once, I agree with you.
TR's mother died the same day as his wife.
Hey, hey NBA, help UK avoid a GPA.
Are you even old enough to get in youngster?
tomorrow at 10 your time!!! I have an alarm set for mine!
I always wanted to be the dude that drove the back wheels of a long fire truck.
A flag-of-truce steamer conveyed me to Sumter. A beleaguered, half-finished place it was, where 127 men had taken a desperate stand.
Definitely. RT : If I was Houston, I'd probably have Rodriguez pitch the 9th
I think they are hurting the republicans, the debates and all the infighting shows just how desperate the republicans are
Your welcome! Thanks for the RT! Yay for good people being good!
To kill a mockingbird and then laugh about it with my bros over beers.
dude's a joke. it's like being at a (bad) karaoke bar.
The Artist will undoubtedly win best picture
is the carnival there tommrow too?
im sorry i couldn't reply earlier, i was on Oahu and couldn't get on twitter
Mr.Triple-Double The Assist man!
Would u kiss someone da same sex for 2,000$? YES
haha just to you ;)
!!!!! “: There's a lot of real niggas tourin with Drizzy. Amen.”
Tonite we play at The Beach House in metry!!!
The CW speaks to adults 18-34, but is should also "talk" to other viewers.
Less than 24 hours left in our current BUZhunt #SWAG Round contest! Can regain the lead from ? Oh, the #drama!
RT of you're
you A bound?
I know, major bummer. I'm planning to come visit CU sometime in mid to late summer. I have to take a "forced break" from work
You're sexy. Let me buy you drinks tonight at Saddle Ranch. Or anywhere in LA homie
Kate Grace Physical Therapy is now ready to tweet!
Nothing more attractive then a girl who drinks beer <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
OAH RT North Korean study says North Korea is one of the happiest places on Earth
Greatness lies not in being strong, but in the right use of strength.
Lebron is such a beast... Nobody makes this many and one plays
Here I go, here I go, here I go again Girls, what's my weakness? (puppies)
Sad that I didn't get to see my Cuz graduate but we fa sure have to go out and celebrate!!!
This is how the Singularity starts.
RT #iranelection #iran9 #gr88 using separate hashtags for in and out tweets only tells them whose inside iran. suspicious.
Funny... my Mom just pointed out that is asleep in my bed while I'm sprawled out on the living room floor. #HappyMothersDay Mom!
Not yet. Did you?
oh snap
s/o #NF can gain some #followers pls
Buy local - support madeinnewark.net
Appreciate the mention guys! Thx for the guitar! ;)
Likewise. Exciting times ahead for us both, I predict. :)
You're welcome! You should really let Temara come to Atlanta to hang out with Me and :]
Another great win!! Good job lady's love you
Amazon bestsellers: 1. Going Rogue, Sarah Palin 2. Arguing with Idiots, Glenn Beck 3. The Lost Symbol, Dan Brown
Another sleepless night alone <<<<
PEOPLE - not restaurants - need to be responsible for what they eat. Better education & affordable healty choices!
why. Are. You. At. A. Hospital. .14
Fried Chicken, Mac && Cheese && Corm!
Santa Monica is getting new smart parking meters. More ways to make $ and rip off the community.
im out here by sea world though.
RT - In #planning, collaboration trumps compromise and results in big ideas, team building and actionable buy-in!
had to cavities filled without Novocaine; feeling like a bad-ass
please. Tongue was firmly planted in cheek
Life is too short to sit around miserable. Get your ass up and enjoy life to the fullest
Failure is meaningless if you don't learn something from it.
No Donna Summer past away. R.I.P.
Well, you just proved learning is a lifelong process. Thanks for sharing. Todd
enterprise development == databases + crappy products
Chris: What did you guys name your baby? Nick: Blue Ivy
Two down, two and a half to go, hello Mississippi
#CincodeMayo lunch with best friends ;*
Aw your so sweet: ) I wish we could too!!
Doors open Thursday night at 9:30 but tix are sold out.
Andy Van Slyke's kid is at bat for the Dodgers, you are old.
I think this is a great move by Acta to bring in Sipp #thingsnobodysays lol
Quite tempted to give Dialog a series of four-letter commands, as the basis for an article that would generate millions of citations…
I'm guessing sleep isn't an option today ._.
is it true??
cheesecake is def a sometimes food. It magically makes everything disappear
I'll grant you soup. But you can't roast kale...
"Jake the Snake, hanging in the weeds . . ." - Jim Jackson, PHI 3 - 2 PIT
I agree (also I'm sorry if some of that was mine). And enjoy the freedom :)
I'm in Stoke. Didn't realise they were playing Man U today. Anyone hook me up with 2 tickets? rioferg8rc.
Why wouldn't they want the Muppets on stage? Because we'd actually enjoy the performance?
good lookin' laptop stickers ya got there.
Im super addicted to this oil from my school O_o
im sleepy NOW. but then again I said that last night and didn't go to sleep til 9am
Elvis Martinez Concert at Malaya's Night Club, that shyt was Fuqcking Live!
Thank you for making Lois Lane so incredibly heroic tonight. You reminded me why she's my hero.
is addicting
425mm people using FB on mobile!!
Elizabeth Warren is my hero.
An IBM? For home use back in '82?
Hey Vanessa! Are you free next Thursday the 12th at 2 p.m.? I don't want to interfere w/your classes. What works best?
perfect. Think it's going to sell out. We'll cover the 7 places you can go to work on to become the person others buy into!
Fun day I had, School tomorrow, Kinda Sucks!
cool vids dude.
James is out at 38. Allen is out at 27. 4 challengers left.
Surfers, surfers, surfers!
like two days ago
why what did u do??
Anything that the Dems do was tested a year ago in Wisconsin. #LtGovKleefisch #SlythePig ": Democrats' war on mothers:
Luging in #Queenstown today with my discount!!!
agreed. i found it most entertaining. (the use of my punctuation counters my sole use of lowercase) :)
That is why I just get a digest version. :)
txt me real quick 4349188
the flowers are beautiful!!!
A lot red out on the streets of Madtown tonight. Represent!
thank you! :D
we did! Great turnout and great wines :) we missed u!
If you try to achieve at something that your heart isn't really into, and that your body doesn't respond to, you won't get very far.
follow back please? X
yes, you can download the source. It's a little wonky in some ways ... you have to download it (right now) folio
Think im gonna have to child proof my cabinets to keep my dogs out of them.
good what happened up all night ?
yeah he said he almost got sent to the office!
With help from just ordered Uni buttons to be handed out when Uni is first put into service in NYC. Hint: I used expedited shipping.
Twitter is a great place to babble your thoughts.
I think I just woke up my entire neighborhood after that goal.
listening to and hear my friend and his rocking violin intro come on. awh.sad miss him.
Ill pay mother nature just so we can get on with summer
Last Monday up until today >>>>>>>
Goss: Young people need quality education available in their neighborhoods. We are failing them.
She's still sleep as usual
Why do people love their attempts to steal your joy?
Don't get confused between my personality and my attitude. My personality is who I am, my attitude depends on who you are - 2Pac
BITCH U WASNT WITH ME SHOOTING IN THE GYM !!!!!!!!!!
I really like the Christmas lights in my room!
glad you weren't stuck too long!
Let me get this straight Stephen Hawking left 2 wives and know has been seen frequenting a sex club, who knew that ALS makes U a dick.
Got that # off of GAB site. 2010 I think. Was surprised to see 11,782.
Let's unwrite these pages, and replace them with our own words.
Nope, you're not on crack. Sadly, the show was cancelled. Come see another show with us!
I'll work on it over the weekend to get it right it may take the place of the Reuben as a special next week to see how it goes :)
I skipped first period . hahahahhha.
I KNOW ME TOO
Even in the terrors of the night, there is a tendency toward grace that does not fail us. - Robert Goolrick
NO way 2 kelly kanes!!!! :) AWESOME! U both rock and thx for the love, & IA will keep matching people w/ cancer!!:)
Beautiful Sunday morning!
Yeah, thanks everyone. It was a much needed break.
. - Illuminate/Agresti & Ghost Flower/Jaffe (scary/spooky) & Croak/Damico (scary/funny) - can't choose just 1!
We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone to...
Oh man, 's latest podcast opens with the scrapped prototype to their Factory Showroom song, "Spiraling Shape!" This song is so good.
Things happen for a reason.
Hopefully going shopping this weekend.
Hope friends and colleagues in DC can enjoy the beauty of the snow w/out 2 much frustration; 3 inches closed down the city when I was a kid.
Damn this momentum is crazy!!! Dont stop get it get it let's go!!! Working on the fly on the way to Vegas
You do both, of course! RT So...do I drink some cervesa or get a free comic book?
I think every1 under estimated the Yotes
your face
I like wieners.
mea culpa. I considred the UK part of Europe. Didn't mean to step on toes. I just miss her.
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER!<U+2764> HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME! I LOVE HIM SO MUCH! FOLLOW HIM!
i can be so mean sometimes, but whatever, if you're too nice people take advantage of you.
I feel ya
when the hell dont you! comon man put that shit away lol
I'm *such* a sucker for curated collections of finely made items, ala
"Joshua said unto them, Fear not, nor be dismayed, be strong and of good courage."~Joshua 10:25
Hiring for an embedded C++ Android developer to work in
not really, but ill be fine. Hopefully :/
The smell of your skin lingers on me now.
very nice
Terraphobia: The fear that the world is getting too small and it's time to get off.
Hi There! How's your day going so far?
women are like basketballs.. if you catch them on the rebound. it's alot easier to slam them.. hah
GOSH MAKE UP YOUR MIND...JK.
The Rock got pretty intense didn't he? :x
Memphis Bleek rides out over this smooth joint produced by Knoxx...
What a long night of cleaning out the garage. So many good things of mine had to go
What would happen if nothin happened for just one day?
working on a Arabian style beat!!!!
We saw Hugo tonight on DVD. Long and drawn out. To dramatic for my taste.
my hand writing is freakin beautiful ......
in business for 10 years and still make "rookie" mistakes sometimes.
On the day after my winter break from school a friend not saying who and I are saying something that was ment to be said a long time ago!
not even! My playlists is on point right now! Lmao
Thank God for another day.
no doubnt bra, just chillin, takin a break from a long day ya dig
Bored bout to entertain myself
just #yolo it woman
hey guy
(continued) that stinks :( At least they may have gotten ur letters :)
Thanks for #FF!
I'm working on a couple of projects; mobile-device-friendly webpages and an online image workshop addressing summer image
THAT makes sense. Thank you!!! :)
"It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else." -Erma Bombeck via
Ahaha mee too!! You cant beat a good bargain! :D
no plans except dinner!!!!!
Ask me how many fucks I give ^_^
Off to meet up with Jed Carlson - Co-Founder of - Find out when he took his pants off!
sure(: thank you.(:
RT“: i'm following the first 100 people to follow :) RT this if you followed”
Join #engchat right now if you need grammar lesson ideas
Not the Wii contollerzz !!!!!
follow back nigga
We've got some nice Roberto Bolaño books at the store! Do yourself a favor and get your copies.
Keep focused & keep it moving
hahah ok, i'll take your word for it!
The Master regenerated as a newspaper man?
I missed the Genesis Awards! Anyone know when they will replay it? On the Animal Planet?
U Ready? RT R
Okay I know the sound of the rain is normally relaxing and helps me fall asleep but tonight that shit aint working. Stupid loud water drops
April Fools shenanigans with the crew!
This is the day I made a twitter, since this day I have been trying to get noticed by and I wanna get noticed TODAY! #leggo 7
If you find that I'm m.i.a. In the next couple weeks, just assume I won the $640 million and I'm traveling in Europe for a while.
. left here for work ~10 hours ago and it still smells like beautiful woman.
"I don't want to keep any of it. Anything of importance, I took with me the day I moved out." - "Beautifully Bound Failures" by
I'm bout to go to my car at ingles I'm in east side right now.
I want BALLS in my FACE. There as few movies I am still entertained with by the thirtieth time I see them.
Good Morning (: can you please follow me? It'll make my day .c: I love you <U+E32A>
Want to go back to Kindergarten, you had a nap time, only fights were over crayons, and the only drama was if Jimmy really ate glue or not.
Looking forward to the Kohmen Race for the Cure this weekend in Des Moines...I hope the weather is ok.
i'm sorry.
All of these lil buddies
u.u i been so busy,but i promise that i come back soon! :) g night to all!
We truly believe justice for Trayvon is the first step to justice for all of us!
Peace to you and as well! Thx 4 following
I can't wait to get a car, just so I can get out of this hell hole.
Yes! Love you guys!!!! RT : Just wait till you see us!
#NP Wish I Stayed By Ellie Goulding... my favorite song from ellie
Thanks for the FF!!!
lmfao! CEO! The sister you met has NO kids! But I'll tell the other two! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Keep it trilla.
WHY, Johnny Handsome Of Course!!! BOL
Degrassi was awesome tonight :)
I have had just about enough of your jip. Pipe down and hush your gums. Go fight something and be uselfull with your life
Everything felt like it was going so fast at a certain point. I had to rewind to watch the Klaus-related stuff again.
Daughtry, "Over You"
Yup. And if one is not sure if it's appropriate, the violinist waving his hand in a "shushing" motion should be the first clue.
Vulcans are a deeply spiritual people. :)
Thanks. What time are you thinking?
I'm under contract with mike
what u get, u can tell us!!! XOXO
I got a shit load of belly button rings for 20 bucks. They're so fucking cute. Anybody know where I can get a sparrow?
Just got the word on Donald "Duck" Dunn's passing. Don was an original-a great teacher, friend, player, performer and person. RIP my friend.
Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano all I know is I love you too much to walk away though.
Didn't mean it as a shot at Walter.
Good morning! Good morning! Nothing to do, it's up to youI've got noting to say but it's O.K.
how beautiful! Where did you go?
WHAT?!? Where were you
Upgraded the page to the new FB format :)
Spoke to soon
Wake n Brew -_____- (Wake up and make Coffee like a BOSS)
I use Picasa, Google desktop photo organization/editing.
you are going to have soo much fun at rodeo. #sojealous have a BLAST!
Bumping to my new CD waiting for Damon. He can take all the time he wants, I could listen to this shit all day
AMEN! Hey, we need to catch up! How u doing?
just created a pain for social media experts. If a yardstick changes its length, how can it keep its authority as a measuring stick?
Come on Giants Defense stand up!!!
So the claim is that an omniscient monopolist is as efficient as a competitive market? Pretty sure Comcast isn't omniscient
I'm emailing the before pics to him then destroying the evidence. lol Weeds looking like trees for days!
will be having its next PREPUMP ALERT get ready this is one you wont wanna miss!!!
David Foster Wallace is a brilliant and boring writer, maybe intentionally. I can't find my way through Infinite Jest, but I see genius.
thanks for the follow much appreciated!
Skip Bayless is such a douche
Come watch the Blackhawks beat the Coyotes in Game 6 @ 8pm tonight. We'll have the sound on & $5 grey goose cocktails & $10 sangria pitchers
"I wasn't THAT drunk." ... "Dude, you took my parakeet, threw it at my piggy bank and yelled ANGRY BIRDS!"
Anyone go to TMT last night? How was it?
Back down to LA to hopefully secure a position on a feature. Also researching solutions for using iPads as wireless monitors.
you're blind
Locksmiths can cut to the code given when supplying a lost key or making a new restricted key copy.
I can't wait to swim in the ocean again
Lol Cause I Wanna Know
Ok #CelebrityApprentice seems kinda sexist because first the 2 women got fired and then when they bring celebs back it's only 4 women. Hmm
I already had your number :)
good did it hurt?! Hahaha
Weeks!!! I was on bed rest in the hospital starting my 26th week!!!
I wish Shumpert a speedy recovery.
absolutley i hope they sweep them...prob unlikely but if we can & get some rest....that would b perfect!
spready macc please go away now. i don't play in the mud
today in 1955...1st franchised McDonald’s opened in Des Plaines, Illinois, by Ray Kroc. a burger was 15 cents and fries were 10 cents!
# follow now NEED BEATZ ? WE GOT U FOR THE LOW ,,NEED HOOKS / DROPS / WATEVER ...
Was trying to figure out how to store values for a bar chart in a for loop so they could be printed upon exiting the loop. Can't use arrays
When you cry yourself to sleep<<<<<
stay out of my town
Xmas Tweets: Mom just won the argument. The stuffed Sully from Monsters Inc will go in the closet.
Oops I read that wrong, my apologies.
Investment types: any indication how quickly broad based index funds will be taking a stake in Facebook?
yes very true
Very excited for Market Week at the showroom!
I got a really bad sunburn in North Carolina once...
Planted my first edible type plant yesterday, raspberries! I can't wait until they have fruit! cc:
its at 7 and at the hotel by naaman
RT : Yous a big fine woman, won't you back dat thang up?
If a reincarnated person has no memory of her past life, then in what sense is she the same person?
ahh I know how that feels. but that's the perks of wearing a uniform I suppose haha xD
I'd rather be a failure in something that I love than a success in something that I hate. -George Burns
Thanks for following me
Thanks Newman
great 2 have u following. We'd love 2 get u involved at Ted e Bear Hollow.
Not really feeling this Chobani Strawberry Banana yogurt. Going to continue to stick with Yoplait!!!
answers: 15 of Wired posts sparked by Twitter. Replaced ProfNet/HARO. Put Qs on Twitter and get expert As.
Happy Holidays!
We just hit someone
... is this rain for real right now?
So glad you like it! RT I don't know you but this is one fantastic image.
I can't wait to be with tomorrow. She is my favorite girlfriend. Well she's tied with but I love them bot <U+E414>
Ha! I actually gave up cursive writing a few years ago. My writing looks like a primary schooler's, but it is legible!
Ran out of books, so I bought another: 'State of Wonder.'
Thanks so much for our chat! You are idea fuel, for sure, CA!
what a great start to
Stop by the UW-Madison Day set up at , pick up a coupon for a FREE hat at our stand located inside the Expo Center-TODAY ONLY!
If you talk about next year, devils will laugh at you. <U+6765><U+5E74><U+306E><U+3053><U+3068><U+3092><U+8A00><U+3048><U+3070><U+9B3C><U+304C><U+7B11><U+3046>
Thanks so much for the RT Andrew
Crazy how you develop feelings for a person.
Are you a college student that would like to contribute to the #youngsocialite team? Let us know!!!
lol. so you know next time to not mess with his food. lmao
Aww is so sweet, it's nearly 3 in the morning and she's up giving me advice!
Coming Up in about 10 minutes> Betty White's "Off Their Rockers". On NBC, Tune In !!!
on bus to bannanna creek viewing area all looks good for launch
": wet pussy, with no smell, a mothafucka."
The sky was clear and displayed its stars majestically like millions of diamonds sparkling against a black velvet drop cloth.
haha yes! I was poking fun at you:)
Dont Talk About It Be About It ,Let Me See
RT : I'd like to see a #zombie movie where they eat brains and shortly after contract horrible #prion diseases. - Agreed!
It's all a matter of opinion! I don't personally like them, and they don't impress me. But by all means, like em. (:
Have you ever seen #joyluckclub? Watching it again... and this joint is crazy!
You must never give your heart to a wild thing.
I'm good like that. (: lololol, nah your icon. nobody else has that icon that's how I know.
Someone come over tonight
You love to hate the one who loves to hate the one you love
finally got the go-ahead for a seven-session comedy series workshop: Ricky Gervais, Mike Leigh, Tina Fey scripts next to new Atlanta work.
Lessons of mobile site design - ironically, sites designed in the 90s are more mobile optimized than sites designed now
I can't think of a better use for a FunNoodle.
don't you dare! Lol Kelly won't be very happy besides that's his way of showing you love <U+E022>
Student speaks to the BOS in Spanish and also states that Spanish is important for your job in the future.
will we have exclusivity again? <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1>
watching online & being inundated by crazy Americans For Prosperity ads. not your target audience, but keep wasting your $.
Overworked? Capps (4 days rest) Burton (2 days rest). Haven't had leads. He's Scott Diamond not Nolan Ryan!
Looks like it will be up to the Badgers to save face for the Big Ten.
#WhenImBored I keep reloading my timeline
that is awesome~
Oh me? Mayweather.
how's your toe?
We create nonsense in order to make sense.
I have come to the realization , i DO pull of androgyny , and I couldn't be happier.!
#MyCostume for halloween will be spooky one
baby, are you online? x
I'm responsible for only what say.As for how you understand my words is beyond my responsibility.
If you don't like an exercise, start doing it. You're probably avoiding it because you're weak at it.
My kitty has a fractured tail. :(
CASTING! Know a couple that are in a bad relationship? Do they need a love intervention? Email at
I past my final exam
Will be performing with the MidCoast Swing Orchestra at the Indianapolis Jazz Kitchen on Tuesday Night!
It's on my "bucket list" to take my boys there! ;)
Klay Oven Kitchen will be opening soon! We can’t wait for the wonderful aromas of India to fill the
1password. Hands down.
So the person sitting next to me on the bus smells like chicken.
Contest Time: Give us a score and outcome of the Wisconsin game today and you could win a car decal!
if you forgot dont worry ill post it on facebook so you can see it
It's Friday;)
Gets to play poker tonight, yay me!!!!
Thanks so much.My long locks are not always popular for all...:) Have a great weekend
Rise & Shine; Good Morning
Can turn off Gary's mic for every non football topic? Drew Gooden hasn't made any team he's played for better.
thanks for blog mention!
my dad met a guy who owns a trophy making company in India. They make the NFC and AFC champion trophies as well for the NFL
Well, I now have not one but TWO articles under review. Fingers double-crossed!
Exactly seven days from this moment to Gator kickoff 2010 and the beginning of the John Brantley era.
Two auditions down & two more to go! Busy Monday! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Lee: Neither did we. Thanks brother!
We just call it summer vacation:) Omg. I would die if I got out in July! LOL That seems so long. Well I started school at the
i want to just live for a living
this boy that I went out with
Ik exactly how to handle me!
since when are Truck Driver and Surgery Trauma Physicians the same as art director jobs?
If you know someone is already taken, respect their relationship. Don’t be the reason why they end up single.
's stripper boots <3333333
Gonna go see Breaking Dawn at 9:50 leggo
We still have tickets for sale for our show on the 21st with Hurt! If you need tickets, let us know, we'll deliver! (within reason)
Give and it will be given to you.
HElp me get 50 ! followers on tumblr
Thanks for the RT!
wouldn't have it any other way.
I called you, hoping you would care about my day. But you just care about looking for more wrong things....
that is cool. Ive only been in the new venue once but it might have been one of the best venues I've ever been in.
I'm not attractive & I'm lame :P
I doubled as Chuckles the clown for Halloween one year, I can also juggle. Let me know
hahaha im mentally unstable
She don't believe in shooting star but she believe in shoes and cars.
I am so missing my baby!!!! Sure hope she is having a great day!!
much appreciated!
what are you doing up?
Drinking a Port Wipeout IPA as I type!
you lied to me!!! The One Thing video doesn't come out for three more days! :( You better be glad I love you. :) lol.
RT : In B'ham right now, there is a debate going on about whether democracy is a good thing. Elected representatives are saying no.
Damn! So wanted to submit for a "midget wrestler" role just now! Cursed ethics.
ah, but what about saying it and not hearing it back?
Stop loosing leads, appts, bookings, customers, revenue! Let customers text your business instead - text me to learn more: 916-420-6020
Good workouts this evening..between our 3 locations today we had over 96 players in the gym. Good is NOT good enough! And they realize it!
your test worked
Don't try to be serious at my second job. Please. It's not becoming of you.
I'm just sorry 'Vengeance for Beginners' wasn't available when I was an undergrad at TCD...
deep breath
Ha, with wit like that, I'm still waiting for you to write a humor article for The DA
New York Times Reviews MTV2&#39;s &quot;Hip Hop Squares&quot; [VIDEO]
I need a drink after work After work who's with me
Flux capacitor...fluxing.
Happy 2yr anniversary with baebae!! I love him so much!!:)
barcode one gone already can decipher the fez one I mean I did but not working
Google wallet?
Happy Christmas Eve!
Weekly Special!!! Tell us you found us on Twitter and receive 20% of your rate for the evening!!
Nothing wrong with that! Always great to learn more about our history.
Off to an awesome start here for our second game: Steel Hurtin' 53, 9 with 18 min left to go in first half. YINZ!!!
All the best to your grandfather!
HA! Oh man, that sounds like fun
Another screening is scheduled for Digifest April 20th at 7pm. More info to come.
looking forward to the next show! Not well loves you and so do I!!
I have just pinpointed the exact moment in which a deal becomes a steal.
“Let the Good Times Roll”: A Ray Charles Tribute comes to The Hillman in 3 more days. Don’t miss Roger Humphries, Ray’s former drummer.
Without doubt, my mother. She taught to love books, to study, and to reach for the stars.
I thought this only happens in the movies
dont you like when your in a good mode then someone just kill it
Along Came Polly :)
I really want to try that cookie crumble frapp from Starbucks.
Weird seeing dudes drafted in the nfl that I went up against some yrs ago in HS.
thank you.
Set up my parents' Wii. Now to upload months-old pics from their camera.
#IfICouldGetAwayWithIt I wouldn't hesitate for a portion of a split second.
I agree, really depends on the judges mood and personality, i think
MIKEY I KNOW YOU WILL PROBABLY NEVER SEE THIS BUT PLEASE FOLLOW IT WOULD MAKE HER LIFE! <3
Thanks Jason! Just taking an amazing opportunity and making the best of it. Trying to be a good influence to younger drivers
Disappointed the The Hunger Games isn't a show on Food Network where Paula Dean throws butter at people
today, me: "how's it going?" them: "good morning!" me: "good." LOL
I'm getting ready to dj @ Yotel's Club Terrace tonight in honor of an old living legend ! I'm not worthy!!!!!
on diet as of now.
Hi! It was nice to meet you too! See you next Saturday??
What is your New Years Resolution? Leave us a comment and let us know what it is!
Register Today we set draft soon!
Haha! I'm sorry. But thank you for bringing back that deliciousness.
It's happening now All White Party at Capris Lounge 1880 N Congress at Gateway. Grown folks doing it big!
Inter won the treble in 2010, currently 16th after 8 games, up against Juventus who are dun dun dun 1st... how the times have changed
Is loving the run production by
try right clicking on the desktop, clicking on the menu for your video card (maybe Nvidia) and look for a rotate option.
Going to be on the road 16 of the next 21 days
Did you see the Lowriders on FOX5's Throttle Thursday show? You can see them all weekend at the Fiesta Old Town Cinco de Mayo!...
I have a stye in my eye, makes me look Asian (The other kind) o_-
we'll be happy to help. Please provide your location, time and direction that you want to travel.
Please don't tell my kids! RT : Wow. “: 15% of kids under 11 have mobile phones
it doesn't rhyme with "romney" or "mitt". People like derogatory names that rhyme. It won't stick.
Thanks for the follow back :)
Yay! And my mommy is going to pay for your ticket to my show. :)
Maybe not!
outreach team: dropping off a laptop at the storehouse
Yeh i think he deleted me now i do not know my email says it does not exist o it wont work i needed to make a new 1
#YourSexIsWEAK If she don't need her hair done again...
I wish you could also but are seats are pretty high up. And we cannot change our seats
RT : Looking good, modeling some of the handbags that were featured on The Morning Blend earlier!...
Booked my first trip through and just got the hotel confirmation. Excited!
Only have one life to live... Not going to spend it by being taken for granted..
follow me on instagram
Never assume that someone likes you by their sweetness. Sometimes you're just an option when they're bored :/
"The surest route to breeding jealousy is to compare. Since jealousy comes from feeling less than another, comparisons only fan the fires."
Wise man. RT : Somebody told me "you're either the passenger or the pilot" - um, I'll go with Air Traffic Control. Thank you.
The Rock starred in a new trailer Journey 2: The Mysterious Island, translated into Russian film called Journey 2: The Mysterious Island
Jason Wu collection sold out fast!!
I don't understand how Madison can see my tweets but Bailey doesnt......
Begrudgingly went to the gym today to work off everything I'm about to eat and drink!
true. But other than that
No i dont' LOVE Justin Bieber, i havent even met him, i do love what he stands for
unless you been with every dude on the planet , you CANNOT say all dudes are the same , cause that shit ain't true.
Day 100 of 100: (Yee-haa!!) I am SO thankful for finishing this assignment that I gave to myself. Thanks you guys too, for bearing with me:)
*snaps neck* SHE RATCHET
ugh long day at work!
Bradshaw: telling of his happy amazement learning about how humanists work, what they want to do with data and tech.
yep I'm a BX chick-love my neighborhood
;) now and forever!
I'm hoping I'll wake up soon
Big Quakes Pacific Rim Countries in Indian Ocean-- 8.6, aftershock 8.2. Tsunami worries continue.
Heading to the #Pens game w/ my brother
Yes, that's me playing 's 'Eye's Open' on LA's #1 country station You like it??
Co-sign. RT that Sendak obit is probably my favorite I've ever read from them. so great.
haters gonn' hate
sure did! I even got to nap. Lol
Happy Homecoming Spelhouse family!
When did non-Apple and Window's users start acting like they are the socially responsible contrarians.
Happy to talk about using DALN blog to talk up your plagiarism stories project. This is actually (5 seats to left!)
Dawning of a new era! Maybe things will turn around when I get out there, too.
Needs to catch up with him.
Haha yes! We ran out of everything every weekend. Poor planning. Not when I was in charge, of course :)
my mom taped it I can record and send to you.
I meant possible to make safely at home. Not safe to make safely. I'm a writer.
Didn't get to see my Ma today.
Well genuine people are hard to find in many places. Not just there in Orlando.
why is #bustybabswindsor making that dolphin noise in the jackpot joy advert?
The team wouldn't be able to IMAGINE how many people we look up to. That list would go across the states - Zaona
. She chews off her mom's breast first - #1 reason not to have cannibal babies.
oh. has discovered facebook video chat. life just got real.
I get to thinking about fate. That crazy concept that we're not really responsible for the course our lives take.
Got a non-paywall link? I'd love to read it.
Can't wait for the weekend to start.
Yeah! We survived the REALLY strong wind...not as windy today! :-)
thanks - that does help; checking with my wife
crazy, I hear they are tough animals
#ThingsAboutMe I defend both of my nationalities
Thanks--looks good.
Mardi Gras was Tuesday, although some of us are still recovering!
Super excited for a lunch meeting I have today!
Fortune favors the brave.
Thank you! :)
no..... I'm pretty sure your just crazy....
Navy should trend #GetWellRihanna!
:) RT Alright, and I are responsible for selecting tonight's #AskATwin questions for Gardy. Hoping for some good ones!
Oh hey Paul Pierce!
Cant think of anymore
love the new name!!! how's the jetlag???
Thanks dahlin! I'm DYING over your new profile pic!
Be a happier person this week: (1) Call your family, (2) sit down & say hello to someone, (3) have people over to visit.
Online shopping with my mother!
Class prep & #grading under control for the moment -- now must whip into dervish mode to get place ready for MIL's arrival next week.
Savage Garden needs to reunite
1950 I believe. The picture I just sent you was taken on Main St. Just outside Olvera St. In 1950. I have a VHS of the film of
Beautiful day beautiful ppl... Today iz a good day :)
You're willing to cut the right agent a bigger percentage.
go to school fruit ;)
Guitar and keyboard tracking today... and plans begin on something special
I'm getting old haha
Amazing service tonight with Chip Lusko at
Good thing that history outline only took me an hour
Just finished a walk around The Pearl in Doha with … now heading for a final farewell dinner w/ and !
Dude jealous!! RT : Did anyone catch that Fatman Scoop acoustic set at the fort? BEST SHOW OF
Sorry you're missing the swap! Have you read any books by Tana French? She's great!
Have you seen our app? Would love to get your opinion! -Jack (founder)
Another new database for students! WISERTRADE has extensive U.S. & world trade statistics, including EU, Canada, China, etc.
Just like the railroad failures of the 19th century "great corporate failures still produce immense individual rewards."
Danny Garcia walks out to Nice.
Wtf. Why am I still awake?
is in Bloomington Indiana for roller derby instead of punk rock. Weird!
RT : sad trombone in response to the Vogue suggestion was perfect.
“: I'm really FRUSTRATED” why r u frustrated love?
Justin wrote a song for Pattie to raise money for charity. Now tell me that he doesnt care?! Justin Is The Best Son And Idol.
thank you!
Almost half the households of PR receive food assistance says Collado-Schwarz
how'd we cross paths?
that's easy to say when you're the president ;)
*listens, not saying anything, rubs 's back*
Fine then, I don't care anymore lol I'm done
Viewing Google source code, appears there is no HTML. Only compressed obfuscated script with iframes for asynchronous dynamic communication.
YES I AM ON TWITTER NOW!!!
I will be singing at the Fairmont Pittsburgh this Friday 8-12midnight. Will we see you? Hope so.
i don't now , you know Turkey channel ? RT And Tweet ;)
I can't wait till "Boyfriend" comes out ......March 26 better get here fast
Also, doing my part to help the economy! I don't feel complete if I don't make at least one wild rationalization a day.
…and to not voice my opinions about the games they force you to play.
And I got a new shower curtain
Well tell me woman!!!
lol im new to twitter me n my sis wendy r competeing for the most followers but shes winnin follow jacky n wendy pleaze:)
"why don't you go back out with him" "he cheated on me" "po-tat-o, po-tot-o" lmfao
RT: "There are no rules in filmmaking. Only sins. And the cardinal sin is dullness." Frank Capra via
That's a shocker. RT RT : BREAKING: Dominique Strauss-Kahn resigns as International Monetary Fund chief. -MM
You mock, but when I hear you died from a spider attack, I will have the last laugh.. :)
***ATTENTION*** Desperate man lookin for a quick cut/lining... My barber playin me right now... Suggestions anyone?
Terrible grammar in last tweet but that's what O's frustration does to me brain is fried.
In 2010 , others stayed in Mende post-stage 12. Stage 13 start 110K away in Rodez. But Boulder doesn't have enough rooms.
The most valuable of all talents is that of never using two words when one will do. ~Thomas Jefferson
when your in a relationship "you" becomes us, "I" becomes We , && "they" become haters . <U+2665>
~ They should have named the HC the Bob Hope Humana Challenge. How dare they drop Bob's name!!!
What are the limits of acceptability? If someone is murdered and tortured, but not raped, can I make those jokes?
on point. Similar in PH imo, who I heard you had a great discussion with. Where can I hear that if you don't mind?
Gridlock alert Monday: "Obama spends all day in NYC tomorrow: Barnard commencement, "The View" taping and two campaign fundraisers"
did you run into the Fresh Prince?
Hey #Boston, come one come all to join at 9pm for a Game Watch as the Huskies beat Iowa St.
do you think commentary about negative portrayals of children the media?
New assistant professor on the demands on his time: 40% teaching, 40% research, 40% service.
...it's not the first time I've shirked a social responsibility. And not the last either.
thank you! :)
:/ I'm trying to learn how to play that on my guitar
Thanks for the RT's!
How many wins do you predict for the IU men's basketball team this season? How about the Butler basketball team?
Indiana messed with the bull and got the horns. Really tough to beat UK regardless, but I wouldn't play at that pace without equal talent
#Derby or #CincodeMayo ? How will you define your Saturday #DC?
Heck yes!
What is Andrea's name on twitter have searched for her but can not find her
Thanks for the follow! Love your guys' music and sound.
Do you believe I live by Crystal lake? There is no camp at this one though.
In the M300, totes riding back towards
Ready to watch Kansas get smacked
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. - Steve Jobs
do mine? Haahah
My u verse keep acting up
#DAMN out here looking like a young Ron Jeremy with the killer stash..#WTH the stash needs its own column
Alex is stupid lmao
I HAVE ALWAYS BEEN MORE TO YOU DEN I SHOULD HAVE
Is everyone having a lovely sunday? After our bjj open mat was a roaring success #combatcompany huge thanks to benny sootho and
For those who dont know the "Yung" in my name is pronounced Young ,lol
Really good turnout at the Horseshoe Hammond for the monthly $500, around 300 with a lot of freerollers
Three hour coding binge get it!
ahhaha i hey i need to tell u some thing
Thank you so much for the RT of the locations.We truly appreciate all the support we can get.May God bless you all!!!!
lucky but soon me you and will all be friends you'll see very soon
ooh, do you all know each other?
Drummer's surgery is Wednesday, send beer and whiskey.
Yes. we are working on additional functionality. Search, Messaging, etc. Should start rolling out very soon.
precisely the point!
-- no I'm not the REAL , we have same amazing talent though ;D
#PEACEFULFUL PROJECT #NETWORKING IN ACTION
i'm following because she and rule.
Hey, congratulations! Well deserved!
Happy mother's day, Mom = )
80 cappers posted so far and count is KY 34-19 with a few more possible by game time
Love the new song "That Wasn't Me" by ! So good!
cool have fun up there
she had me nervous for no damn reason....
lol but its a lot more work in high school...i was a little surprised at how different it was
omg yes! My two faves, passion roll and mango combined!
That suny life dawg RT : Finals got my days all fucked up..feels like a weekday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Escape the fate or three days grace?
Not tired
I think I started getting ready a bit too late time to speed things up<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
i do not like you
lol she didn't do anything.. maybe its you. Just maybe.
baby don't be so shy(;
No no no! You slow cook it in a cast iron skillet. This deep frying everything shit has got to GO!
...maybe i'll find the right guy someday. just not today. probably not tomorrow either.
Visit us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/allerent today!
Cool!! Thanks for the tip!
head shoulders knees and toes, knees and toes, knees and toes
Awesome gaming site - a lot of great info.
Glad my happy birthday tweet to never sent & has been in my drafts all day:( hope your bday was FAB!! Love you beebs!
Really people r to fucking pussys to say shit to ppls faces instead they hide behind texts
RT no work tmw. WTF to do tonight >stay in and chill out drink something
#thingsineedtostopdoing eating popcorn in bed
I love you Troy G.I fell in love with Montgomery Gentry when I was watching the video something to be proud of.(: so good!:))
Bumping in my 2012 New Whip..Ya this feels Good!
YOU ARE SO RIGHT!
i think i have yet to hear of a report where an electronic device caused a plane to even come close to crashing
Life is a brilliant big canvas, and you ought to throw all the paint on it you can.
The 4-year-old really enjoys playmates. At this stage the toddler will begin to play cooperatively with others.
wish I had time for NaNoWriMo but November is the work month from hell :-(
I have a Shih-Tzu his name is Charlie and mine is so smart. Yours is still a puppy you can teach it all kinds of stuff still.
What are you doing for Earth Day? OB Denver will be in Boulder with celebrating and leading a hike!!
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
Goodmorning! Thanks for following us :) We look forward to serving all your Coffee and Tea needs! Have an Awesome Day!
so far so good. We've made some good connects, so things should be fine.
So exciting! Congrats!
sweet costume kornstein!
she is to ugly to be all up on him like that. He can do better than that for sure. Wow that was just a bitter moment in my life.
Im at the library, whats a good book to get ?
oh it does buddy. Just be careful because it's right next door to knock-em-up alley. Don't turn too soon;-)
Marketing our staged reading. Lots of work. No time to work on craft. Off to stock nuts and fruit!
Headed to boys lacrosse, Round 2 today: Castle View-Monarch.
Whether you like tacos or pickles (or both), we've got you covered tonight
LAST DAY to submit your screenplay to the Steeltown Film Factory! Submit today at www.steeltownfilmfactory.org! See you in 2010!
So which team will the World Series postponment help?
Life is generous, and always offers second chances if you are willing to trust.
Cafe 300 has turkey panini's, cheddar broccoli soup and lentil soup for you to enjoy on this rainy day!
Having my office party yankee swap gift of a bottle of wine on my desk was a bad idea
no, you're not allowed to have a break. I forbid it.
can u please follow me
Because you see for me, I know you, but you don't know me 'cause you're just my unfound prince charming <3
um I'm in. Why don't you ever include me! God!
#DanceAudition tip: Ladies, pull your hair back. The auditors want to see your face. Bring hairspray and extra bobby pins!
Great day for a White Wedding, yeah!
you should move here then you could see them for yourself :D
I waved to you today and you ignored me.
11 days till my move!!!! bye bye yay area
Good question...does being with certain family members count?! ;)
Dennis just told me Sam Seaborn doesn't come back after Will Bailey takes his place for the SOTU. Full. On. Tears.
I would finish this tweet, but Kanye stole my keyboard
We utilize tweets 4 advertising our clients services and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it ineffective.
Late night at karl denson was prob my fav show so far, been watchin almost every show from backstage, amazingness!
Keep in mind that these aren't excuses and don't excuse the lie-if there was one
Someone needs to tell Petros Papadakis that guys over 200 lbs shouldn't be wearing cardigans.
The Dove chocolate I opened had a message that told me to "exercise my heart today." That's what ALL exercise does, fool.
Small earthquake just hit dc _ evacuating from 9th floor downtown
: I remember when i was your 40th follower!
more like <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B3> with a beard or <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0085>
Accept you?
Half of that sounds good! :) Drink American and Shine Responsibly!
Demolition Man for the sega genesis is the most underrated movie game ever
My 7 year old sister just asked me what the word "circumcision" means. how do I even explain that? #ouch?
when we hittin the tattoo shop fam??
This #celtics game is going great!! I love my team!!
i did my twitter, now what?
Good thing it's almost spring break 'cause I am burnt OUT.
Proud of you!!
Come on Irish! Let's finish this!
How to raise your metabolism? The dreaded word is EXERCISE. But what is exercise? In reality you are exercising whenever you are moving.
I need to get a helmet. Today it was just seeing how I like it, but I probably will before the end of the summer.
A flying poptart cat that meows in space and shits rainbows is awsome :D
aw, what a good photo! Hope you had fun! I'm praying you guys get to Chicago in one piece!
#UTBlackademics is getting ready to start - I'm hype lol
how does one "cut off their wrist?"
One of the nation's premier #publishers of tried & proven training & development materials,TAP offers high quality products at lowest cost
Was surprised to find out last September that my brother has not read any Harry Potter book. Guess what he is getting for Christmas . . .
More than 10 people a year are killed by vending machines...always knew those things were evil
just saw your easter egg/short on BLOOM, you should be very proud. Except the wardrobe, we are all apologizing for those choices:)
That's real
thank you!! Idk where I have been but there songs make me so happy, or the two that I have on my iPod anyways lol
if you ain't nervous then you'll pass it
Justin is 18 and his voice has never changed. What a sad story. :P
Bach sold used cars on the side.
Um Just wanted to say that your hot.. and that i would cuff even though you 6 years older than me lmaoo <3
Just made something really beautiful. Thank you , , , & for playing music w/ me!
nothing much remember u from da hood
This aria is almost connected together ... there is a light at the end of the tunnel ...
a commenter on the post said it's "rau ram" or Vietnamese Cilantro.
It's always going to be a man of faith vs a man of science.
I want some Cookies and Milk
I don't want to fight....
Admittedly I don't have much to say - but have been stuck at 99 followers for a month or so. Help a brother out.
I think I found a new truth..
my mama really had the nerve to blame me for the SHIT my siblings do...correction i never smoked weed OR skipped class in high school.
buy me one tonight :)
I say our starters don’t shake his hand
get it together!! ;)
Pedro homeruns and open mic. Great combo
Everyone, let's just leave Ashleigh Banfield alone.
Donate $200 or $2,000 to some worthy literacy related cause, or someone's favorite library.
Hanging out at the north ave bar crawl with a bunch of people and Jenna Avers, my scramble nemesis!
From what you say and do everyday, can people truly believe you love and care for others? Actions speaks louder than words.
i hear that. dont want to think about that either. im glad Jordan Hill is playing tonight too.
T-minus 8 minutes till my work day is over.
Congrats Meredith-nominee of 17th annual Woman Who Mean Business Award. We'll be cheering you on today-JIT is who it is because of you
Thanks for the feedback, glad you like it!
already!:D
RESEARCH PAPER DONE HOLY HELL THANKS GOD
Triple D'in
Shout out to for literally shooting a three in my face
Hello, GOP! The point of the election was to get to work on our country's problems NOW, not to get your a$$es re-elected in 2012!
Happy Easter Cody! When are you going to make it back out here again? Great job this weekend!
We're all taught to write exactly like everyone else. Harder for teachers to slap a grade on a unique style. Do your thing.
Lol!!! Derek Gordon has a fan
Astrology is a language of symbols and archetypes. If you look for concrete correlation with science, then you miss the whole point
Wrapping up at #CIL - we had such a great conference! Today only: all books at booth 430 are 50% off!
We're back at Hayes Valley every Saturday. 11:30-4pm. Octavia/Linden
Two designers fighting over a font. You KNOW this will come to blows.
dale :D
I wonder how many followers I can get by just mentioning stuff like: coca cola, iPhone, weight loss, hooters, mcdonalds, Microsoft, etc!
I did good(:
Texas would be more of an "embarrassment"
Can you change your party affiliation at the polls in NC? I am unaffilliated & i was afraid i could only vote on the amendment.
good! hope he plays.
Awww. Thanks, Margot. You picked a winner in Breaking and Entering. Loved it.
thanks for following me!
No way! Neat! We meet in cyberspace again! Lumpy!
researching twitter
#NF good music keep yp the good work fam
I know you stay by the krogers and I'm near by the krogers , can i come by, I dnt have to come in ....just get a hug o_0
Thanks for retweeting.
The weather is perfect in #Miami!!
and for uk haters like you and that is somehow the story of the game. Live a little.
Yes, I'm pretty sure they're set up over there.
Woo manhunt!
well all I know is that I don't have practice and that's all I care about! Lol
should have stayed
"... And that's why I don't like putting OFF switches on Apple devices." - Steve Jobs
I guess this is the end of the Pats-Colts rivalry..After all it was mostly Brady-Manning..
God, Plz give the Bain sisters, Alexandria and Kyliyah, strength as they go through the long process of healing that lies ahead!!
Elevate a little higher <3
: "Okay, this will be the last question, if only b/c we have lost the population of itinerant laborers that run this space."
Why is RG3 wearing a zoot suit?
Can't believe I'm missing the ScreenBurn party. And #sxsw in general.
RT : Oh shit! Other people can read what I type here?
- just me.
follow back please? :)
I wished they'd finished them off in the 3rd...but this is a lot of fun.
So i cant wait till i start my pastel drawing in 2D art
Alfisjbsan this guy gets plane tickets for free!!! Omfg Miami<33333(: I'm coming for you Austin...
Need some opinions, pls. Besides MinettaTavern (like, but was just there) whats the bar w/the best cocktails AND best burger. Downtown NYC.
In related news, I have never been to a concert by myself. Dance party of one.
Good morning Sunday, so bittersweet! Wish I could get the weekends to slow down, especially around the holidays
That's too bad she's one of my favorite actresses. Movies looks like cheesy fun, I'll see it but I won't run.
I love my ring tone it's an new boyz also vote 4 on MTV 4 artist of the year luv ya xD =] =)
from the time we get there till the time we leave. Never fails
What makes him dangerous is romney is a follower instead of a leader.Will always go with big money does know anything else.
RT RT featured in today's article giving the inside scoop and practical tips on commercial auditions http ...
Fuck u too jorge! I dont need u in my fucken life! Ugh I should have never went out with u! Fucken player </3
Good game,49ers
Guess if it ain't that serious to u, let's jus downplay it. LOL Not even worth no more tweets.
what's an eaglebrooker?
likewise dude!
never say never ; ) brandys speaking to me this morning.
Can't help it, #SNL will always be my favorite show. is genius!
RT“ Ain't nothing wrong with being single. It just means you're waiting for the right one.”
yea I don't really like doing laundry -.-
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 11
Gertrude Bell is one of my heroes! RT "Female Lawrence of Arabia" archaeologist biopic bit.ly/fVZTgk via Obsessed with Film
Lots of good ones, which lead to AWESOME ideas... take notes
follow me? (:
Your logo your name @ www.varsityjackets09.com
#cookie crisp
Dont worry ill catch that gernade for u, i dunno what the hell that is, but ill catch it, it better be no disease, lol
Also, please remember to wear your yellow shirts at the rally at the LAUSD headquarters tomorrow!
Music business can make a very big tycoon like P
#Badgera in position for win!
Late Auburn Chautauqua 2012 addition: October can't get here fast enough.
"though eBay sold other items of caricatures of Blackness, they were not interested in selling my conceptual Blackness."
is it Mikey again
thanks i will check those out!
It really wouldnt surprise me if Farve has a heart attack on the field....
follow the new star to help out #charity every follower counts! please!
What concerns me is your fine knowledge of Full House.
Just getting out of a great studio session. Good start to 2012.
I know that what everyone said
Thanks for recommending our products!
On possible Tim Tebow trade - nicely put by John Elway: "In my heart I know the Broncos fans are in love with the Denver Broncos."
Is Mr Potato Head to blame for 'pester power' ads? - BBC News
Cops broke up the 48 screening! Haha! Thanks everyone for coming, and great work :)
why don't you just give them some money
Tell me thats not the best finish ever to a high school game!
aww next time! and i wanna meet u too! =)
Sergio Marchionne tells that can now "afford" one bad car to be produced. Only one. #comeback leader.
next thing, we will be a bellwether state too
Redneck yacht club (;
so excited for the day. its gonna be fun.
Tweetage… hm…. sounds dirty. Enjoy your evening. ;-)
Can't wait to be there tonight.
Love this Jamie :) "don’t look for your job look for your calling!" via , partner at
it's now becoming a race to see which case the prosecution can self-destruct faster: this or the Clemens case. Sickening
Thanks for sharing. :)
yea but this time for good
just saw a outtake of 21 jump street the movie and they didn't ask u to be in it Is it going to be like the series ?
it's debatable...it may be the nicest day of the year
I don't know, Billy Wilder and Samuel Fuller were some pretty badass dudes.
how do you document in quickbooks? I realize it might not be a twitter answer...
Come in for $2 Tuesdays!! And don't forget live music tomorrow starting at 9pm
Out early again today, locked & loaded... with petitions. You can't outwork me in this campaign. House to house - to THE HOUSE.
this week went by so fast <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I think that every soul is eternal - whether its of a bird or a human.
Got to the end of that tweet, and really hoped it started out, "You know, ..."
I'm such a baker :)
follow b-zaack..!
Only tweets we send are approved by the user. (Account registration, Twitter List creation & sharing a profile). Hope that helps!
Oh i see now :o
I'm feeling so great today! I don't know if its this beautiful weather, or finding out my jobs givin me a bonus, or the #Adderall I snorted.
Madonna's still got it!
Bucs lose 2 of 3 games to Cards, get outscored 18-9 & outhomered 6-0 over the weekend but remain percentage points ahead in 1st place! Wow!
Capitol city
RT Great post : 89% hiring failures due to poor cultural fit. Problem stems from undefined+not reinforced~Thanks!
Bailey from RNG?
yes of course y wouldnt we tell u we love u!:)and ur awesome follow me plz
No sleep for me
JAMES! COME TO THE SHOW ON WEDNESDAY!
Offering some amazingly good summer deals for last minute brides (15% off!)! Socialconstructevents.com for contact info. Happy Monday!
RT Walt Disney was once fired by a newspaper editor for "lack of creativity."
Blaring The Replacements, cruising down rt 2, windows down. Perfect! Thanks
Really seriously digging britney's new video Criminal.. I keep singing it over and over again :)
Want something cool & refreshing? Try our Red & Yellow Watermelon Salad with Orange Supremes, Toasted Pistachios & Basil Mint Vinaigrette!
email me a pic
well it's fight week! I'm pretty big into ufc so I'm all about this bones jones-Evans fight on sat. Bout it, lady.
good article. this is a constant top-of-mind issue for twitter pms. solution is not that simple, but we can do a lot better.
welcome, welcome!
Well goodnight. I swear to wish this day never even exsised I hate yuh -_-
Thanks man much appreciated. I always enjoy the mEEt ups.
I miss my nieces :/
U mess up my whole schedule Jules ! LMAO
Are free range meatballs hard to catch? LOL
Please email us at if you have an affiliate scheme that you would like to recommend
my boobies have been itchy lately lol
The geometric sublime was contrasted against what other sublime?
5 days off!!
Golfed a 93 today! Relaxing now with champagne, bourbon, and family. HNY!
Thad, that's not gonna work for me.
I'll stop by on some Wednesday in the future and we can discuss further.
Let's hope McDonald's step today is the first of many, many steps.
We at MVP would like thank everyone for all the support driving business to the Las Vegas economy keep checking back for more updates
watching the match again?
Love meh love meh say that u love me
I want to move to Florida.
Awesome! Thank you so much. Folow and befriend us on all our other sites if you haven't yet:)
Wow. Michael Jordan will interview Patrick Ewing for the head coaching vacancy.
haha thanks<3 exactly exactly I don't know who she or he&i did nothing at all!So yes I don't need her opinion!
Brodie sent me over
Cant wait for Ghost Adventures and Paranormal Challenge :D SWEET!
so, uhm wanna take us innocent girls to drake? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Join us tonight as Roger Rumba celebrates his 22nd birthday! (Yeah, I know it's a lie, but he signs the checks.)
Gettin' my groove back
yes!! it's so god!
I hope Katherine is okay! I got a phone call during her dance so I didn't see it.
Going to the vet today for a followup visit. I feel GREAT! Woof!
oh - you are wtop. There was a story saying that the text of all of the speeches are available online now. Do you know the url?
not all ways true i am a marine there is a zero tollorance policy but if they want to keep you they will seen it many time
up early for meetings with the dean and the head of our department.
Vote for my funny friend! RT "Dumbass Comments" is currently featured on the front page of funnyordie.com Vote Funny!
wack :c we can talk on here. or on tumblr ,tumblr buddy (:
my step mom is a cunt sometimes "Stop losing weight your face is sunken in and you look gross" lolk love you too.
Prostitutes are way better than marriage. Why buy a whole cow, when you only want a glass of milk?
Tune in to at 7:15. and I are talking about the newest council committee: Economic Development and Strategies
My nephew is great at naming things. He named the little bottom feeder fish Mug and Motor. The snail, Roots. The goldfish Mabel Steve & Soda
"Success is my only mother fuckin' option; failure's not."
i have be wakein up to love
Badger hockey fans—recruit Grant Besse (He of the 5 goal performance in the MN state title game) is now on Twitter:
Spending half an hour trying to open a can of soup
time to roll down the hill to the "feast". Hard choices. Gelato or cannoli? Uphill may not be pretty.
Usually u plan your class before class starts and not when class a has begun
#ucda johanna says don't just accept things as they are, figure out how they should be
Wishing you best of luck with #burnnotice! See you on #Thursday!
Ok lol .... Have a good day!RT nope
Yes! We can go gluten free at Cafe Japengo! (Or have your pick of healthy options!) DM me with dates that work for you.
Hi Kaira! Thanks so much for the retweet. Very much appreciated. :)
Strickler Knob hike + dinner at Peter Chang's + chocolate cake and lovely conversation w/ friends = one perfect, blissful day.
Whoever put that fake picture of big time rush last season. Thanks for a heart attack and crying excessively
#TheWorstFeeling When You Feel like You're Not Good Enough..
oh like whoo?! :P
its gorgeous out -- enjoy and take lots of pics. :)
Having nicki minaj on a track is the new autotune
hey - how many of your students would you estimate are currently high? IF you say less than 50% I'm calling BS y'all
Looks like you've got good Beckham instincts
that's not our conversation.. Awk
I wanna play some soccer already damnit! Arrrrrg
what's this about a boehner reach around?
hugs & kisses xoxo
I had an amazing week thank you tyrese and John hope Bryant for all of the amazing things you both said to me and thanks to Susan g komen
Dusty is aggravated
Thanks for following me!!
He loves his hookers I guess! ha
up early getting ready for this graduation!!
And then I had another random dream that involved people I havent seen since the 2nd grade lol
But were you buying -- or just kicking the tires, so to speak?
In an interesting twist, Descoings was French as was Francois Mitterand who was once president of the country.
Now, that's what I'm talking about.. It's all about positive thinking and anticipating what's ahead. Opportunities abound!
C U there! RT : Yeah, Southern Comfort 4 everyone!!:P
Sure, Carroll had no idea what was going on - pure coincidence he left before the Fit hit the San.......
oh lucky im about to go to work in a while -.-
I will be putting it out there
“Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.” Benjamin Franklin -
did you know ytour youtube account was killed :(
Said I've been needin you Wantin you Wonderin if you're the same and Who's been with you Is your heart still mine ?
yea that may be
e_o won't even say anything I'm just going to walk away.
Happy Friday all! I hope that you all thoroughly enjoy your Easter weekend!
Being a PWA guest blog editor reduces the risk of cancer and mean-person syndrome. Sign on today! It's what all the cool writers are doing.
#20ThingsAboutMe ; I try my best to text a couple people every morning to tell them they're beautiful.
RT : My heart aches. Christina Taylor Green (9) was taken 2 event, was just elected 2 Student Council, was interested in Politics
" He called his style the “iceberg theory,” and I would agree that in his writing there is a lot going on under that apparently spartan sur…
Sound check!... Concert tonight gon be live yaw!...L's Up!
*raises hand jumps up and down* Yes!
CODY WILL YOU TWEET ME SINCE I WILL BE MISSING YOUR SHOW TONIGHT? IM SO CLOSE TO ATLANTA BUT SO FAR AWAY! 143
Phew these last two days have been. Hm weird to say the least. I have figured out I'm extremely happy I don't go to CCHS anymore lol.
Catching up on "celebrity apprentice"
I once slashed him in the hands two handed because he received a nifty pass through the zone. he didn't have gloves on. That's intimidation.
Whenever you see a succesful buisness, someone made a courageous decision
#Moore, Lamb, The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal. Jesus age 6-30. h/t , who says this was a big hit in seminary.
Country Diva Sara Evans looked glam in her glittery gold top, painted-on jeans, sky-high heels and plenty of attitude.
Kobe is great and all but adding another ring won't make him like Jordan.
Expanding a volume in Win 7 is easy and just made my life much simpler , yay something final was easy.
Open Mic with Joe Wray, Stop in and play a tune or just enjoy the music.... Just Come!!!
I know I passed that test forsure
i'm difficult. i'm complicated. i'm hard to love. i know that...but if you try, i'll try.
Why does 'wholesome mommy' sound dirty to me?
The Titans just drafted a super star. Kendall Wright.
Having a good weekend so far.
It's a larger file than usual (higher audio quality), so may take a bit longer to download. Let us know your thoughts!
RT “: I really hate when you can hear someone slurp their soup or cereal when they are eating .”
Thanks, Tom!
Excited to for my first Happy Hour tonight!
It's 2 Buck Tuesday! Join us for $2.50 PBR tall boys, Schlitz drafts & Highlife bottles and $2 bowling today
alrighty then. I will as soon as I know it's up.
Many thanks to my guests and listeners #CommunityVoices this morning.
Matilda is on ... It's been too long <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
First thing on my bucket list: make a bucket list
Nice man! Awesome school. Always wanted to go there.
": Me: Mom, can I buy this? Mom: No. Me: I have my own money though. Mom: No."
I responded to your first email but did not see a question in your second.
I haven't even tried work on it, though lots love it for writing on account of the unitasking. Only consumption here.
Merry Christmas
Was hoping Anisimov would do the machine gun mime thing again, but no luck!
this will be the best OF in the majors when Crawford and Ells come back. Two all-star caliber players with Sweeney and Ross
Happy Birthday Ellen!! Do you have a special birthday dance?
Glad to hear! RT : Yoga flow with Kira was great once again! And so nice to run into an old friend
better then having school
Smoke a blunt, fuck a bitch... in the butt. Im bossin!
#Bachmann has endorsed #Romney. But only so her husband can hug him.
Yeah it's cause I have 40+ hours of overtime they decided to let me off for a few days which I don't mind haha
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #AUBREYCROWNE im shaking so bad i love you al!!!
The Pulse is live. Tune in! Power 98.3 or www.power983fm.com
I love you so much! You so amazingly beautiful and talented! It would be so awesome if you could tweet me back!
my first Kansas City Wiz game in the inaugural season. Amazing how far the league has come since then!
I found my new babies daddy at Kona grill !
Your tax money is going to be used to pay for public schools even if you don't have kids? Yup
I'm so ready for what the future holds in store for me! Got rid of my anchors so should very smooth sailing from here! Halaluah!!
Melissa McCarthy and Jenny McCarthy are cousins?! Poor Melissa.
Word of warning...it looks like my account has been hacked into...please disregard and delete any 'questionable' messages from my account!!
i think its awesome that you like austin mahomie and justin bieber :)
Andrew Luck #1Pick I still think RG3 gonna be a better qb, but they both gonna be great
thanks :D
Megan Fox pregnant with first child
How are you going to tell me what i can buy and can't buy? Its my money. if i wanna blow it all then let me.
is showing us examples of the semantic web
: It might be interesting to see some stats on who has appeared most number of times, who has appeared for 3-5-7 years in a row, etc.
- enjoyed your presentation this morning on social media; thx for your time.
I am updating the DNS on my site to move to a new server. If I am down today that is why. That and spite.
Calcium is a must. U don't need it from dairy and u don't want it from dairy - Sarah Taylor. My POV: need 2 create broadcast campaign to edu
I'm good wedding planning is going good just a bit less than 6mos away now. Almost there
After Broussard spelled 'Memphis' as 'Mempis', I completely disregard any of his sports analysis.
plus I don't allow n e 1 to gt hym I'm always wit hym he's always wit me however u wanna put it but dnt disrespect me n hang
wth are we watching??
I'm off the Manning band wagon. If he isn't going to play no better than this he needs to be second string. Paynter could have done better
I wish my old spice body wash didn't say "gel douche" on the front.
HEY LIL BRO.I NEED TO START CONTACTING ME MORE OFTEN. LOVE YA
Johnny 5 Dance Party at Crystal Pistol - win 2 free tickets to 80's Prom!!!
A good PR friend got laid off last week. Non-profit arts + agency experience. Pls RT and send me any leads...thx
"You two obviously like each other...just go out already! >.<"
“: I can't stop thinking about you.. #whatsmyproblem #helprick” I miss you too
happy green beer day fellow miamians!!!!
"Loyalty brings forth royalty." AZ
I'm only 12 but I've experienced romeo and juliet. The one you love so much, just dies
has way too many catalog record maintenance projects to accomplish!
Some couples are so damn annoying. I hope Thomas and I aren't like that.
All my pockets want is
he was wide open, but SHIT...should've just took the drive-in.
“Given the choice between a Republican and someone who acts like(one), people will vote for the real Republican all the time.” HARRY TRUMAN
Lebron put up 30pt while sitting the whole 3rd quarter
Video Record the pages :D
#FF All speakers at the 2010 Yale Publishing Course!
I think I found my new favorite show!
I love how I am getting ignored by :(
I have no idea what I'm doing!
69withcody i like your username a lot. your dp is cute. I'm so happy you got to meet cody! && your tweets are so funny
39 N. 6th Ave tonight! with Free coffee, tea, soday first 50! Hope you come and hang out!
STEFAN! WHY U NO GO TO BED AT A REASONABLE TIME? YOU HAVE TO GET UP WITH YOUR SON IN 4 HOURS!
there's actually a story behind this guy. i'm working on a blog post to tell it. :)
Everything happens for a reason, but sometimes the reason is that you're stupid and make bad decisions.
It looks like the Kickstarter will not succeed. You can never predict what will and will not succeed.
#BOYFRIEND is my most played song on my ipad! Love it! Follow?!X3
So excited to see my sissy tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
If an American citizen murdered raped and tortured another citizen he would face the #deathPenalty in FederalCourt
MAHOMIES of course(;
Finna go make this money
Jr Smith to the Knicks!!
The $20 he promised to pay you for doing so >>“: Blind trust n. - what you need to vote for Mitt Romney”
Some great instructional strategies for online courses in week one from #bonkopen and #coursesites from #blackboard. All about connection, …
I'm dressing like a huge jerk today. Khakis, gingham shirt, blue blazer and wing tips. Now I know what it feels like to be
AWESOME NITE WITH GROOVE JUNKIES PLEASE FOLLW BACK
Life is a trip sometimes but if your upfront and honest it will keep you from falling on yo ass
It's hot as hell in this house! Geez!
how was Tanner for acg 2071?
thanks!!!! hope to have you book an experience!!! RT : new deal site to check out
Goodnight...peace & love
H&R Block cuts 350 jobs, begins search for new CFO
you always help me pull through :)
I took out my tongue piercing, I had it in for over 6 years. My Tongue feels weird now.
Aaaawwwwwww look at 2 cutie pies
Fake people talk about other people being Fake. Real people worry about their business and nobody else's.
Dang, I'm going to bed! RT : Getting less sleep is associated with a 200% rise in cancer, 100% rise in <3 disease & 20% rise in...
my students never peed on me ;)
fear of repetition. again.
You're totally going to make me listen to a bunch of podcasts I haven't yet, aren't ya? :P
computer crash :'(
So what I can't walk, my vagina ain't handicapped
omg! Which one is this?!
I hate when the bus is packed
There is something scary about everyone believing the same things about themselves and 'God'. If you seek kindness look to the 'lost' folks.
this girl has had a bad ass hangover for 2 days straight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
awesome following them both! Yeah its gonna be exciting!!
8 hrs earlier than NYC time, can send youtube or Skype early in our day
Justs Get ICONiacz To Email Ellen!! So We can Make It Possible!!
Dude. This may require an intervention.
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Crest Tongue Scrapers and most oral care products.
Phoenix, Az :-) RT : You must be in Florida RT : 79 Degrees today - you can't beat this weather!!!
A tail, huh? I always suspected :)
with Ersan becoming a FA and possibly wanting to head to Europe, his value could likely be negative next year
Still not done setting up
Miss haven't seen her since like 8th grade by House haha
oh my GOD yes! But ...ALL ur pics r sexy!
“: I wish applications were short” hell yeah
Hello everyone, happy Friday!
Cape Cod 4 weekend.Chapin's Fish & Chips Sunday night at 7. Then back to NYC Monday for first starring role in new movie The Long Farewell.
haha I got your back Kyla!
Just installed MicroMod's Gingerbread v14 on my Nexus One and it is AWESOME!
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0086>off im not at work and <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080> need to <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B2> him
#NYC what happened with the weather today? #TeamFollowBack Just #Follow ---> and I will #FollowBack without being asked.
we're excited for Saturday! Next time you'll have to tell us sooner- out readers would love this!!
not a good day at Ohio State, being a Michigan fan I am saddened and always want to beat the best
Taking Josh's #anchorman virginity.. OWWW OWWWW!!
Fine don't talk to me.
At an inter-agency marketing meeting and I'm playing a new game with myself: spot the #MarketingBuzzWords. First one: dashboard.
Today isn't my day <U+E403>
take from past experience. That has a weird way of dropping the pieces where you don't want them to fall :/
something's wrong with my twitter. i keep on refreshing & refreshing the page but there's still a "Sorry! We did something wrong" thing. hmm
I was there too! What did you think?
workin all night no breaks no recess.
bet that dude is stunned he lost a hand for the first time since 'nam
says I have a jumping bean growing! Go figure I will now have 2 little jumping beans!
“: Anthony davis is number one pick in the nba draft #lock” Bobcats need all the help they can get. He's a stud
no, that's not it. It's the combination of the stakes & the historic rivalry coming together. Astros don't have an equivalent.
Iz- Somewhere Over the Rainbow
Can't help but smile. (:
Bet you this local train ride home is going to feel longer than the work day.
is that a real intersection?
Congrats rangers my ass... They fucking suck
Forget that we exist... I wish I could.
Twilight is Our Life
Almost 2,000 COM followers! How should we celebrate when it happens? Give away t-shirts with reckless abandon? Yes, that sounds appropriate.
Half of my cares about handing in homework & doing it and the other half doesn't give a crap.
Went to this weekend and LOVED their Thin Mint frozen yogurt! Check them out!
WE NEED MORE COFFEE!!!!!!
oh man, that sounds heavenly! One day.
Heading back to Milwaukee. Thank you San Diego for another great week.
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
Good Morning World...
YOU CAN DO THIS!!! YOU CAN DO THIS!!!!
#FF - heartfelt thanks for your outstanding work in the DC region.
#blackfriday here it is!! Need a break from shopping? Grab ur friends & head to and let's have some cocktails! #MVP at door
#Its2012WhyYouStill got a vcr?
they're so good. Grapefruit is the best with them.
Nice work !RT Great positive comments-'highly designed' re:IHPC! Congrats 5855 moves forward!
Charlotte Beers' advice to women: Learn what you have 2 offer & articulate it well. Also, u don't hv to b the person u r at home, at work.
Pre MLS party for the poway flip. Monday 5-730 get together photo shoot for marketing pictures. Come by and check out what we did
The adreneline RUSH you get when you set the hook & know you are in for a fight!!!
Made it to the 3rd round lol...Yay me!!!
Eating some gator during my conference break (hopefully I'm not allergic)
in staying far away from Riley I hear she has a good arm
Bargains Galore happening all around at your Favorite Flea!
love the sweatshirt<3333
My perception of futurism was dramatically heightened/enhanced human intelligence too. Pity it turned out just the opposite.
swimming, blasting music, evening out my softball tan&being w/my bestfriend? So excited 4 this week
not sure if your wife has a twitter account, but great great voice!
"Daddy, I have to go potty" x7. We're never going to get to sleep tonight...
Haha! Well, that is a good age to start learning about sharing with the other kids in the sandbox
Sentences to ponder: "Exaggeration, inexactitude and mendacity are the currency of politics."
i think im going to sleep! no cake for me :(
it's great but there's usually a line. Maybe send someone up a half hour early to put name on the list.
Dos Santos is fucking up Big Country! haha
“How you spend your time is more important than how you spend your money. Money mistakes can be corrected, but time is gone forever.”
LOL I would have done the same thing
Just for fun...for a dear family friend...ice cream cake with a brownie crust. Wish me luck!
#Greece's extremist Golden Dawn party swears it's not neo-Nazi. Hope not, dumb-asses, considering Nazis slaughtered Greece.
yes, it is my birthday. Thank you for the wishes. Send the same to your niece.
received the CD!! Thanks. Have not had a chance to listen uet
Were most responses to Ottoman sijils as brief as one or two words? Muftis didnt need to justify rulings? Or maybe petitions were formulaic?
LOL! RT : A8: I recommend a good bourbon to start
Finally read that article in depth, so which one are you battling now so I can help? :)
follow back..
Anyone else love that "get back to work" now means "check your Twitter stream"?
please let us accrue more energy at one time or let us collect energy separate.
Wish I had the ingredients to make brownies.
Say dat! RT : A part time friend is a full time hater!
Laying around sick all day watching hbo go. Some conclusions...
He's a total coward.
Hi Christa! We hope you and your friends had a lot of fun! Come back and see us soon! =)
Don't forget that we will follow anyone who tweets about us telling people to check us out! :)
Happy Birthday!
when your new song comes out i will deff get it
I want to win a #SnackAttack from this afternoon!
not sure if im seeing cody on saturday /:
It's my own personal LOCKSS system. I back stuff up all over the frickin' place.
I never learn anything talking. I only learn things when I ask questions.
nope she called me back! Haha :p im doing something right here haha :p
#upnorth, drinks and water
So glad to hear it. Thanks for supporting
happy holidays my bitch!!!
omg! Such a GOOD show. It's trashy and lots of fun haha.
im pretty sure i just witnessed a murder.
Go spurs go ! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>, i have a feeling there Goin to be in the finals
REMINDER: will begin airing "Ball Boys" tomorrow at 3pm! It follows the #Lutherville #Maryland store, "Robbie's First Base"
I know. I tried everything but you halve to do what works for u and never sacrifice beauty.
Me:Could you be a dear and get me some water? Little brother:I'm full... Me:I didn't ask you to go eat. I asked if you could get ME water...
Anyone have a preference in webinar services out there? One better than the other?
are there special rules about where you can fly it around DC?
Ok Megan go work at off broadway, sick of you
Sounds fun. Count me in!
No worries mate, the more people that follow you the better. Clint
Btw you might as well tag me .
#ESM client Mike Haywood is the best available football coach right now
thanks for the follow. Let's keep fighting the fight.
Yes it is good sir
It seems as if you don't care if you loose me . . .
": Who the fuck said I sleep upside down? I'm not a fucking bat" You just look like it. Black dracula mudasucka!
thanks so much, but i don't have any kids.... know a lot of great moms, though...lol
Appreciate that homie! Thanks!
i needa get more followers aha uhh
Austin City Limits Show turned me into a fan. "Evolution" tune brings back memories of my hard rock chick singing days....
yup Ms. International <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Bars would be more pleasant if people weren't all shouting.
taught smthing like Middlebrow TV at USC. Read "nobrow," used lots of non-legitimizing ex.
#BOYZAREBACK, i cant even control my emotions.
It walked on my pillow!
i would kill myself
oh, I didn't get to see it because I jumped off...but cops and stuff galore ahead of me...
Put another way, Constitution doesn't compel government to act on petitions. It gives citizens right to ask.
Followed by lunch and a good massage somewhere now that would be clutch
": Shoutout to my boy, !! Happy Birthday homie! Have a great one!" Its a pleasure knowing you, sir! Thanks!
yes, yes i do. i actually watched two episodes.. about to be on my third. no big deal. finals can wait, hahahah.
how about that win
I use it... Don't think I have had any recent problems like that.
AW, come on! The paternity suit against #Bieber was dropped? I was really looking forward to more 'assurances' he was the baby daddy.
is there ever a day that I don't have so much homework wahhh -_-
"Obama pledges to cut deficit in half at fiscal summit"... LOL. Is he preparing to raise our taxes in his first term, or just lying?
What best friends are for. #Boom. >> RT ", sass Bri one more time and see what happens
about to watch house of anubis. i was on punishment and my mom said no t.v so i just recorded everything. so i have a lot of catching up
I love That 70's Show. It always has me laughing.
GREAT JOB !!!! Totally dominated!!!
thunderstorms and watching the new movie limitless work tomorrow as well
Dominos, making a square pizza and throwing some spices on it doesn't make it Artesian. Its still good ole american made dominos.
are you considering doing Reason Extensions at all? I would kill for a Stutter Edit make my friends buy it too
RT : That is the last time I buy a rocket on eBay. (thanks for the Friday laugh.)
Happy Wednesday! Do something good just because and thank a teacher while you're at it.
i am looking for statistics on the volume (or estimated economic value) of user generated digital content. any ideas?
nice Opinion piece. I learned on a recent trip to the UK that residents can attend any university for only £9,000/yr: admirable.
i need a new bf
989 members on AAUW: American Association of University Women Facebook group. Going for 1000.
So true, Badger hockey (Men's and Women's) stacks up with any program in the nation.
": I rode a camel today." No Way! Was it a Bactrian (humps/plural)? lp
Oh, live in lavender!
Excited to be learning from commercial CD Jeff Gerrard at The Actors Network!
I like your av
The ultimate aim of the ego is not to see something, but to be something
la vida a muy bien in baltimore. Small city with a lot to do. 3hour drive to the beach :) what does ur tattoo say? I love tats!
Good morning.
If you are looking for some mouth watering BBQ, look no further. If you need some late night BBQ, Ashley's in open until Midnight Fri & Sat
School is cool!!! Lol.
When is gonna have an after-work cocktail at the King of Happy Hour?!? Come 2 the East side, beautiful! Y'll love !
Oh, I see. I guess I'm looking at it from a different perspective, and at access/ease of use of programs.
No twitter I do not wanna follow All Time Low..
"Whatever you're reaching for better be a sammich because you're gonna have to eat it"
C'mon, NC, stand up for justice & equality for all people, like you did on Feb. 1, 1960.
I'll just start out Friday by never finishing Thursday. Hot damn, I am exhausted.
I LOVE Thanksgiving!
So exhausted... Grace get me through 12 hour shift #3 in a row...
On a lighter note, OT in
Tryouts with for Five Star Motha Fuckas
I can't wait to get my car I miss having girls night out with my cuzin and sitting around drinking tripping about all the bullshit
it won't let me send a message...
#uxchat this thursday 7/9 at 10am pst. post w/ the hashtag, and jump in the convo. issues/Qs you'd like to discuss? all ideas welcome.
oh hahaha okay
Ooh! Where did you guys go?
that was pretty suspect
Ah RT!! : I'm Thirsty ): Lemonade Sounds Good :S
LOVE it!! Wait till you catch up to season 2 of
Yep, I feel like I wasted a whole Saturday night. RT : Rough night for Portland sports...
No matter where u go...its thirsty nigga everywhere smh
Ron fucking loves a flashback.
give me any instrumental, I got the lyrical metaphors.
#FollowMeMTV & say they are following everyone who tweets with that hashtag... I guess we'll see :)
FORGIVE THE PERSON YOU WERE,ACCEPT WHO YOU ARE AND BELIEVE IN THE PERSON YOU WILL BECOME. ****AMEN***
BTW if you want to follow my personal tweets, please do, I'm all about game design, and wise ass remarks.
Thanks my man appreciate it
Keep 's million.
Thank You Glendy, i can be quite controversial, & i appreciate being comprehended
you are funny! Can't wait to see your act
What to Expect When You Are Expecting Avery Jessup
Working in music for my Mixtape
The video conferencing service and the video conferencing equipments are slowly improving the business.
Love you! B/C of you I got the chance to be a mom!!!
Sad that one of the gluten-free diet kids had NEVER been Trick or Treating!!! This was their first :)
Headed 2 shaker
I like knowing you 2 are just sucking down nicotine edibles @ any given time of day.
ABOUT TO GO H.A.M….at Orange Julius.
iacobellihvqdd9 Thanks for following...
Paradoxically, the more knowledgeable you are the more doubtful you are that there can ever be certainty.
1st ever pro postseason game for me tonite as Devils attempt to stave off elimination.
. Best of luck!
Nice Warm & Breezy Orlando Day!
The expendables: and Austin Sexton.
That last RT ( )was nothin but the truth. Saadiq is killin the music biz.
Anyone remember R Kelly lol
How many roberies are there gonna be in boxing its sickning!
Yesterday: got my copy of Inter/vention by Jan Holmevik. Tonight: reading Ch.1-2 after kids go to sleep. Ah, the anticipation...
#FF some radio friends
i was really tired today....
Def poetry Jam artist i'm featuring on Knotty Librarian via Facebook Sarah Jones, "your revolution"
what briefing mod do you use?
#theraid was amazing!
Still up
Awesome use of a document camera to show apps on devices at the Mobile Apps session.
Thanks for watching! Hopefully we'll have some new videos along with our new album later this year. Cheers!
"Peace Hoe!" -'Bruce Bruce' from Julius Ceasar
lol you thought that too? :)
For there is no question but a just fear of an imminent danger, though there be no blow given, is a lawful cause of war.
Well I will be going to work Monday. Darn it. Glad to see their were multiple winners----spread the wealth.
Nate Spencer <
Kid goes for a world record..the most snails attached to his face..yup, snails...video you can't miss...join us for all the day's news at 5!
"Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint." - Mark Twain
As of 1:30 pm today the majority of buses are running on time, with possible minor delays due to weather and traffic conditions.
RT if you find Alex attractive. :)
Mom said Dad told her I quit my job at DOTmed. I was let go from there over 4 months *after* he died.
Just watched your smackdown match...damn it was good to happy to see you back
We're excited too!!
did you get your deal yet? You went in on the X-Factor the people didn't get it but I did!
Tomorrow is TWOSday! Two piercings (including basic jewelry) for the price of one! questions? call 206-329-8274!!!
BSU vs. CSU = GAME DAY BABY! :)
RT : Following #ebksmt, also follow for great Twitter coverage! (TY!)
If you are going to do something do it right the first time
So Joss *did* answer questions today. Did you ask one? What was it?
Damn it caps! We tie it up, then we're back in the hole. we need to win the next one.
when are you gonna send me another box of goodies?
what happened?!
You talk to everyone in my family but me.
That's what I hate about team projects and presentations; you can never count on anybody but yourself. It's stupid.
i hope they take a snag at CJ Wilson cuz all we need is a real #2 pitcher.
$$ Learn how to take control of your finances TONIGHT in the Boise Library. Space is limited. Call now to RSVP 503.916.6139
want some bbq fritos in Dallas county. How come we cant get them here and the plant is in Plano??
It is #FF and are asking our followers to help us get 110,000 followers! One for every DC resident living in poverty. #teamchange the stats
Good morning Seattle and Happy St Patrick's Day!
why do niggas think because ja is jail they can diss behind his back
Where will #Wade & the #Heat go from here? WWW.ussportspages.com
Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway.
Please check out all of the fantastic work on auction. You can bid on line or join us in person on Tuesday night. Friends of Anton - A...
headed to board BBQ and volleyball
P.S. is totally gonna disown me w/ the original reply. Talk about bad grammar! You're NOT your!
Too hungover to tweet
Parking for tonights' public input hearing is free at CSU San Marcos. Enter Lot B off of Craven.
yea!!! Thank you!
Where are you today ?? sort them out over at the beeb!!
Life isn't easy, nore is it an open book. U learn from it though. Each test given to you by fate makes U a little smarter & stronger B4. ¦-)
You are very Talented, I noticed you Speak with a Vision, ? where do you Aventure OFF 2, when in PAIN, yo boy H
that is the understatement of the decade.
Created a product shopping cart, to finalize, I have to build the checkout process and focus on usability in order for it to be functional.
Good point. With context, your statement makes a lot more sense.
I'm following
come back into my life!!!
Where is the love for #Syracuse Dickie v? RT My Final 4 picks are Kansas -Kansas St- Villanova-Kentucky!
nice! Good call. I'll ask Duq tomorrow if he's seen it
Thanks for following: +
#ConfessionTime i hate these pointless trends.
dear diary, a while ago a boy stole my heart & now he won't give it back <3
I've nearly got the perfect liquid line down!
oh my gosh Thankyouu please could you sign it for me it would mean alot!
where you at baby?!?! yea buddy
Hey Baylor, Oregon called and they want their uniforms back
I'm pretty multi-cultural. Or were you objecting to the gendered noun? ;p
Gym flow
Yes I know. That simply means we are getting old. Lol
I can check the GPS logs. :) I'll make sure it's fair, I promise!
i hope you can breathe soon!
Wow, 500 tweets!!! :O this is 501st! Holy cow! HEHE
Pretty awesome day. We raised a four-figure record for Spectrum that year, too.
humidity: 1) it's good for the skin. 2) your clothes don't have to be ironed. 3) your hair always has body and curl.
UW linebacker Chris Borland had shoulder surgery yesterday, 6 month recovery time. Then surgery on other shoulder. He'll be ready for fall
Sorry! have been sick for 4 days and decided to go the emergency room in New Rochelle hospital Sound Shores
yep, we have to upload them; but i remember posters being due earlier for posting online the year I gave a paper. :)
Hate when I can't fall asleep :/
If you don't have a heart. Than you don't have anything
Bailey ^^ (me). She really wants to skype tomorrow on #SkypeSunday <3
We get in at 11 on Thursday morn & leave on Monday around noon. You?
I'm Not Feeling It Today Lbvs
#ogw Ramsey Ramerman city of Everett: "As a govt empl I see the benefit of our open govt laws to build public trust."
At the Indianapolis colts game :)
#askellen what's your favorite ice cream?
i want to introduce you to a trainee working w/ me now who's on elective from UK
gotta be Julie:) only Julie :)
Oh and so happy to have my wheels back =D
"All I see is fireworks, every night is fireworks"
they was about to fight ctfu
RT : Any day is a great day to be amazing...or me. Therms are fairly interchangeable.
Trust me, it ends. I wear a 16. The current, stylish choices are gone within 2-3 days & for 2-3 months lesser shoes sit.
The future is now!
Me too! :) RT : I'm now going to drink myself into unconsciousness...
This Day in History: Kennedy proposed a joint mission to the moon in 1963. What dreams do your kids have that could become a reality!?
Home! Hungry!
this is true. I may still be a little drunk
yup wish I could have 400 followers now !!!
(catayst vs.enabling) I think it is more of a question of personality and individual style.
You would think that this is common sense...however, not everyone gets it!
Sending love to the family…
After seeing The King's Speech, I'm convinced we need to change the #slpeeps hashtag to #sl_uhpeeps. "Just bounce to it."
One Direction & Latinas <U+2665>
Good day for the park then gym.
Thanks for the retweet, Steve. :)
Thanks for having us!!!
I trust AJ to get into the endzone go with green
No i never knew love would feel like a heart attack
Rocking out to Parenthetical Girl's "Safe As Houses" on my bikeride home. That album never ceases to amaze me!
going to sleep because of my headache
Our seniors have one more day next week. Can't believe the year is already over.
Spring is here, Summer is at hand, and I will not be intimidated.
I hope people tweet funny things today
I'll give you a damn cookie if you follow me. hehe.
Love the quote. Wish everyone at Sac State a happy and productive 2012!
But I'm sure there's really rad, posi, not sad/disturbing people on there, too! Any recommendations on who to follow? :-)
4-20/2102 Boston Globe's Reflection for the day: "Mistakes, errors, false starts -- accept them all. The basis of #creativity." R. Foreman
Red Wings beat Nashville, 4-1. Perfect end to my weekend. Bedtime, and then back at it again tomorrow. Good night!
Can we have 1 Friday without Fortune Cookie relationship Advice?
Learn to express yourself fully ----enlivened by who you are. Happy, satisfied and fulfilled. Cynthia Harris
yes, what times good for you?
please lets not "blame the system" I think a lot of great teachers are now overwhelmed with the other stuff - cant teach
Indiana very lucky.
Okay Minnesota, I'm escaping to Europe for a couple weeks. I promise to think of you in the snow while I'm sipping Chianti in sunny Tuscany!
loved your touchdown dance tonight!
I'm not the type of person who starts anything, but i have no problem finishing it.
good nightly<3
Ppl hated that I was such a jerk so I changed up & became more personable. Nope I was wrong! Welcome back
Morning dollies n genties
Make sure to check the music out!
Boston, Massachusetts- Need females for music video. No nudity. Pay is 1,000 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
"You can either get rich or die tryin'. But just know you can't take that money with you."-Jay Rock
happy thanksgiving to you and family. At this tough time may this thanksgiving be the best one yet
that'd be cool. He gave me some stuff for the water, but anything to make a cleaner bowl I'm down for.
except i know nothing about cosmetology. i only know how to shave my sisters hair when shes sleeping
I can handle that.
Hope everyone is enjoying this incredible weather. Get outside!
Gr8 time @ St Johns Tech HS. Great group. Message to folks 25 & up: don't dismiss middle & high schoolers. They have a lot 2 offer. ArmorUp!
don't come to me asking for something in a rude ass way & expect me to be all nice about it
Watch Poisoned Pen Press publisher Jessica on Channel 15 Wed, 3/7 at 9am discussing elements of a great mystery.
We'd love to decorate your home, fresh flowers always make a house feel like a home
Yes he won!
“Be careful what you wish for. –A”
Just made it official for That medal looks awesome !
Tym, give us a call at 503.823.2116 or email me at ! :)
"People too weak to follow their own dreams will always find a way to discourage yours."
Rand Paul: Complains about the 1000 pages of #ESEA amendments. Doesn't mention that most of those pages of amendments are HIS!
Just saw Lilly tomlin and it made me miss my nana mom and sis - Big Business forever
I've completed the first class...will get caught up this weekend. Looking forward to it.
i feel sick and tired,i cant wait till march comes and i will relax in some nice place
: Do you think it would be worth getting someone to create Wikipedia entries for #neutrois and #agender to increase visibility?
We are saints... Never thought id say that #ff first team all-GNAC RT : lmao and #FollowFriday my tag team partner
Spring is in the air!
no problem but you asked ithink
No sophomore slump here. Hi second season of Jersey Shore. You are just as ridiculous in Miami as you were in Jersey, and I appreciate it.
today my siblings are celebrating my birthday, tomorrow is when i was born yay
First experience in a public records request #WTF moment. I'm sure it won't be the last.
Great piece, Drew. Time to start an Occupy The Multiplex movement.
seed of chucky:) it's funny but I'm still gonna have nightmares.
sucks to wanna get with a 10 when you're a 5...
Come join at next friday and help support Toys for Tots
correction "DIMPLE"(: but it's still cute(: I have a tiny dimple:D On my right cheek I just noticed it a week ago:D #Yaay(:
lol pound it <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Thank you! Appreciate the love :) I've listened to some of your songs, love the beat! You have a great voice!
This is my 404th tweet!! The number's going up!!! :D
can i have alink?? thank uu
#1DNewEnglandContest LET'S DO THIS POOOO
A Cracker Barrel in walking distance from my hotel...awesomely dangerous? Or dangerously awesome?
Fingers are rolling so bear with them.
Wonder who will get the last tweet of 2011 and what will it be? I think Twitter should have a countdown.
I just saw this commercial for "The Game" coming on tonight and Derwin is starting to piss me off! He's a jerk
So the guy who made disturbed big contacted us today and wants four song and needs a bass!
And sound recordings are even more fucked. Sigh.
You are very welcome! Glad you like them! RT : ran my first mile in my new inov8s tonight. Felt awesome! Thank you!
Polish Hill Earth Day Clean up Saturday 11 till 2pm Meet at the PHCA Office
Agreed, Dog piles need to go away like Neon did! #PassingFad RT : High 5s/no dogpiles.
shut up! I didn't mean to put a "q". Hobo
I am jealous that you are going! Have a great time!
When will fictional characters learn, that when there is a killer about, they shouldn't go off on their own?
Why do all good things come to an end?! Lovers to friends
WOO! MT #SXSW today! 1st session "Popping Your Bubble: Stories of the Digital Divide"
Eavesdropped on Girl coding: "yr templates were gorgeous- never worked w/ them before so it was neat to look at yr code”
She was in the booth behind Cosgrove.
I take your job “ I WISH MY JOB HURRY UP AND FIRE ME”
recording later day... tweet me some song ideas for me to cover! :)
what are you gonna do tmr?
APD preparing for Halloween early this year in order to crack down on all the women trying to pass themselves off as sexy cops.
Shock to the NFL: Rip JRS...
Please rollover
Yeah, I have friends who put that on.
one should always be posative
's s&m is on RITE NOW I LOVE this SONG 'sticks and stones may break my bones' but I'll always love Rihanna and KIISFM
Nahh you'll be fine:) Hey ill be right back I'm gonna take a nice refreshing shower lol
I agree with those 84.8%
thank you for the RT! Hope you are well this Sunday is another contest.. hope to see you there
In every interview I've heard of Trent Richardson, he begins every answer with 'Most Definitely'. I think he's earned the nickname Mos Def.
Looking forward to using the service!
I pull it out ya girl....she tell me put it back in !!
"If you don't run your own life, somebody else will."
Being able to trust someone 100% really makes it that much better. thank the person for that
ya... Sounds like taped #Rangers was a much better choice than live Mavs!!!
We are selling out of these Playoff shirts faster than we thought. You Guys are the best. New shipment coming Friday!
Big horror fan, so loving october...
Say that it's love, but to me it's looking counterfeit.
#hallway photo
I can sing the song if you want :) : A3. Anyone remember the flying car from Chitty Chitty Bang Bang w/ Dick Van Dyke?
Tip of the day: if youre out of milk then just have eggs for breakfast.
's Brew Free or Die IPA: Like Wu-Tang Clan's sick beats, this ale has head-noddin, glass frothing style. This shit is the jam.
Love this #phoenix morning weather :)
no worries. You around on Monday for a quick chat? unrelated to the desert...
What's up, sniffly nose? How about you, itchy eyes? Let's be done with this if you don't mind.
is there no telling what good eats r to be had with that vessel?
I'll be the cash u be the rubba band
Um, definitely back your iphone up before updating guys. It erases everything. I lost some videos I really wanted.
Will 1D ever come in Russia, btw? (;
you and are fucking killing it tonight!! I am gonna piss myself!!
Just busted a move in my room. All hot and sweaty now.
RT : Kelli W just came up with a pretty good name for the Broadz' experience here; " Beignets & Hair Spray".
can i pretty please get a follow it would mean the world to me u have no idea how much i think your amazing!!! Love u! <3 :)))
So funny. RT : #10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when people look like oompa loompas in the middle of winter.
#HappyBirthdayCody hope u have a good birthday both today and tomorrow!
VAMPIRE DIARIES!
Damn Sun!
And that's by far, my favorite song on #MauSe. That shit gets me hype! I'm genuinely excited, yo!
Funny, I feel the same way.
“: If I made the next album $1, with all proceeds going to charity, would you pay?” yes
Do you think they're on their way to extinction?
is AMAZEBALLS on the mainstage at Ultra Music Festival
Is numb, although no more cavity!
out w. my bby :) .. he always put a smile on my face
Mild temps make shopping on Small Business Saturday easier. Shop Local!
Doing a mini photo shoot with some ZTA girls.. It's always fun to take pictures of pretty people :)
oh my god what a game go nugs
We will only send tweets between sessions. No phones on during actual investigation as a rule! More like live tweet updates.
Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action. Peter Drucker
Walking out of the science department and a bunch of teachers who are eating lunch stare at you like your stupid =
....if you'll pardon the expression...
So overpowered by the moma who went to take there last pic. of stillborn baby!!! And AMAZING She Grasped Momas finger! IMPOSSIBLE Is NOT!
#ThingsIGetAlot "You're so tall." "How do you say your name?" "It's cause you're Serbian!" haha.
They say all I need is some MucinexD! <U+E40C>
FIRST "sex abuse norm:" DON'T!!!!
For your birthday, you can suck my dick (;
Have you guys seen #Google today? They are doing a great tribute to Gideon Sundback!
absolutely will do! And remember, be one with the editorial calendar ;-)
#surprise, memphis is classless!
Thank you all!
welcome to the family! hahahah
in response, new topic ** how to get more teachers on board with twitter and tech in general?
TOMORROW IS MY BIRTHDAY
There Is A Difference Between Being Obsessive&Territorial And Being Jealous Or Caring.
Prepare for the Sweet Pickle route this weekend, Ravens fans. Can't tell you what it entails but you'll know it when you see it.
Imma check you out tomorrow (Business)
For somebody to be so fucked up towards you then just rub it in your face... shits crazy... then cry when they ass get left..
Watched The Violin by Francisco Vargas ....beautiful Mexican film
So glad it moved you! RT : Basically I started crying five minutes into Pitmen Painters & didn't stop until intermission.
You're gorgeous. Never forget it. And Im going to be reminding you this al day :)
"I bang bang til that neck bruised" yea my nig
Okay people enuff with the personalized license plates "erigant" really douchebag
They are already made. Each tee is limited edition.
best dog picture i've seen lately. *wink back* cutie!
I am even more excited than you :) I love working with other like professionals!! Looking forward to learning more about you!
yep - should we assume casuals or avids are aware? Minor in grand scheme but for in those brief moments could cause confusion
Hoping I can fly into KC before the storms unleash what could be tornadic activity in the Heartland this late afternoon.
More info: iPhone 4S on Cellcom will be available 4/20, beginning at $149. The iPhone 4 will be available for $49.
Getting my snack ready for 's ustream in 15 minutes(:
Starting new classes in Acting for Film Tuesdays nights. Please let your friends know. Classes are on Film for children and Adults. Go to…
#koolandthegang is BRINGING IT, prior to #vanhalen in St. Louis.
I can't wait until September. I will be there! Thank you for being such a nice person. :)
maybe you could add another person to your following list?? i would suggest me...
had an amazing time in San Francisco this weekend!
dude Bell signed with Philly last week!
yep. Yet another reason to flee corporate America. ;)
Hey there! Do you do Interior design or more graphic design?
I haven't heard any explanation for why it's not name indexed. Have you? Seems hard to use without names. Also, woo!
uh....adorable wasn't the word I was thinking... ;)
Connecting with new friends from the
...I'm very flexible. But would love it to be an island in the Med
Was that a troll to get more @ replies? Woo! Madonna!
The president uses the power of narrative while describing the raid on Bin Laden as a metaphor for the country working together.
Johnson Co IN sheriff; U need 2 learn the difference between male & female bodies, verify that the state stole my BEES, admit your stupidity
Thanks to scare tactics, if something freaky ever happens to me, i'm automatically going to think it's a joke.
No school for me tomorrow (:
hey! Where are you we have presents for you!
Just found one of paintings listed on Amazon.com. Love the free advertising I mysteriously seem to get through them.
our day is made. new cross country speed record: "I placed an order on Friday and I just got my shirt in today. You guys are badass!Thanks."
I live in a state where the weather is bi polar gotta love Texas lol :D <3
See SILENCE! The Musical if you can. You'd love it!
Being strong is not an action, but rather a presence. Being loving is not a way of speaking, but rather a state of being.
Why? ;p lol
Missing terribly on this beautiful Friday.
i don't care , lol why are you asking me for
Father's Day Is Not Until Next Month Here
o thaa wife (mom) made beans (:
I gotta admit, are great dancers!
THIS WEEKEND: in Duncannon, PA (Harrisburg Area) tomorrow night at The Rock Kat and on Sunday in Clifton, NJ at Dingbatz!
Thank you Brent for following
hey hun gotta talk to your send me a text I dont have your cell #! 414-467-7243
Congrats on your new role as President!
NO! It Was The Bestt!! Excuse Me, I'm Going To Go Cry Now):
got you
Watching up on drama!
D-156 deans target behavior - Northwest Herald
Freemium: A promotional model that offers basic services for free, while charging a premium for advanced or special features. One example...
isn't that always the way ;) we still have time!
I love u so much, god blees u and i love how u sing your like the secong beyonce!(: tweet back! i love u!
Tonight could be the last #redsox game at Fenway this year..
It's been a 10-hours-at-the-library sort of day, but mostly pleasant. I think I have one more hour left in me.
Our office will close at 4 PM on Friday and will be closed on Monday, Feb 20 for Presidents' Day.
i just love stalkers <3
thanks for stopping. Saw a bunch of folks running around for art all night. Seems like fun.
#thx u 4 mt have a good day
About 50% of men masturbate at least once a day, 75% at least once a week, and 99% at least once a month.
fuck you x10000000000000000000 just because i said so
Good Morning .
Riding down I-77 blastin T.R.O.Y. (They Reminisce Over You)
would I like them? They're gonna be at #Lollapalooza and I was just curious
Sometimes flowers can go a long way
I would so read Amish teen fiction! That sounds awesome!
I hope federal employees get home safely in this drizzle
Great! RT Note: No 'L' reroutes related to NATO events are planned. In fact, we’re adding service and/or capacity, at certain times.
My company just hired a new graphics girl. Walking around the office with a boner is going to be hard to hide.
#IGotNoRespectForYou , If You Kill Somebody .
Would love to come down...May 24th is my birthday as well. Call time?
that's an interesting running log you've got there. Thanks for sharing!
That wasn't really a pop fly. Caught in front of the track.
glad you liked it, rare when my brain works that quickly Cheers and happy Tuesday!
Well my bagels ready so maybe I will...
HEY EVERYBODY! WHEN YOU GET A CHANCE PLEASE FOLLOW ONE OF OUR TOP DJS HERE ON XRADIO.BIZ MR
Magic Johnson's "The Announcement" was freaking incredible...I'm also never having sex again.
I'm going be at basic in a few hours!!! You should join!
Are you at Coachella? If yes - very jealous...
How lazy can u be when u rather have that thing sitting inside your vagina than taking one pill everyday....?
Virgins rush past to London liaison on glorious spring day washed clean by yesterdays rain; yellow fields demonstrate fertility renewed.
o/u Running Backs taken in 1st round : 1.5. Your boy Doug Martin going to slide in there?
YOUR LOVE NEVER FAILS! It never gives up! It never runs out on me!
enlighten us
#fridayreads time: I'm working on Speaker for the Dead, book two of the Ender series by
I'd like to know some of the foods she'll be enjoying while on the course!
Sounds like you need one. Tired last night around 820 also
Crazy buzy workin at almost 2am like usual, sorry if ive missed gettn back to anyone
RT : High Heat ADVISORY- stay hydrated - what you TODAY & this eve will help later this week - hydrate, hydrate, hydrate
No its not?
I love waking up and has cooked me some bacon. We both love it so much I am surprised no one has lost a finger.
so creepy. Slight GC.
Back in NYC we're enjoying hoops on TV & #SXSW coverage from &
lol for thug to be like "what you on boo" is gay tho
1 Lg 2-topping pizza, cheese sticks, and a 2-liter for only $14.95 from Lee's Pizza this week on BrewCityBites!
Just waiting for Rafa to serve
Not meant to be a tease. It's coming to the US soon. We have customers all over the world who want the Streak.
wife were u at
Um, buy alarm clock! RT : So sick of this phone. Cant wait to get a new one monday. Woke up late beccause of it
They say u can tell how a man will treat his woman by the way he treats his mom!! Ha ain't that some BULLSHIT!!!
We have POSTPONED our video premiere due to studio delays. :( Looking forward to rescheduling and making it a stellar soiree!!
Z gets 1st ski letter! Nate says only positive things! Roth points out Z was recipient of Most Annoying Freshman Award last year
"Stealth health can be a good thing" - We don't want to announce to the world that seniors need help
In that case, I'll throw Mastodon in there.
Aw, am not home but I will check mail this afternoon. I am eating, don't worry! Thanks buddy!
baby i got swagger
I love Backwards Down the Number Line and Friday. I don't love Run Like an Antelope or Piper. So sue me.
We Gotta Do Sumthin As Well!
graduation outfit/Dino's attire/pajamas
RT : Flying back to DC after a fabulous Sessions kickoff event in Cambridge last night!
So, does anyone know when the "Divide and Conquer" video was shot? Month and year would suffice.
Got odd look from the better half after I chuckled at the Pearle Vision "naughty librarian" ad. #PokerFace me for the rest of the evening--
Today in India: I saw a man in a three piece suit on the side of a busy road urinating. He smiled and waved with his free hand.
I had the best time @ Livestrong Sporting Park last Night with Sporting KC getting a draw in the last minute of regulation time.
yo' mama wants to know- what are your plans for this valentine's day?
Happy birthday Brian
bundle still not sorted after 3 mnths. Call disconnected today trying to sort it. Just what I've come to expect
wow more of your MISTRESSES are coming forward to prove that you are a LIAR @ RepWiener STEP DOWN WEINER ....
hang someone on a cross
the funny thing is i'm actually listening to Diggy right now....it sounds so funny cause it's on the TV 'nd playin' on my Ipod!!! lol
So sweet<3
is the man
LOVED that show. Did I really just publicly admit that?
If you want something in this life, then work for it. We can't always depend upon someone else making things happen. Be responsible for you.
STAY TUNED FOR WARREN LEE ( CONGRESS OR COUNCIL)
Parents have no idea what it's like to be a teenager in our generation.
Wanna fade myself up before the scrimmage
I'm a proud lesbian!
Best part of the #Grammys tonight was Jennifer Hudson's tribute to Whitney, really moving.. we miss you
networking is an adventure
As about the only agency in Chicago accepting for residential TX adults with non-stabilized psychiatric conditions, shame if DMH won't fund.
that's wassup young blood.. We good building branding as usual
Ugh I'm so done
racial profiling is some bs. thank god for watermelon twizzlers..
My family will always be there.
many insecurities too count. But there is going to be someone in the world who truly loves you for you. Don't ever think that you've got
81 degrees in the Mil today...where are we drinking?
Haha, that's awesome. That's tomorrow's avatar. Thanks Carter.
I'm at this point where I'm getting tired of ppl always worrying about me.I'm grown now so if I make a mistake it will be my mistake.
Not gonna lie I'm startin to like country music a little more
just found out I can record at my crib again !!!! I'll have new shyt by Monday
I'm a JESUS FREAK....Twitter That. Faith abiding citizen.... Believe That...
"Yes, I sometimes fail, but at least I'm willing to experiment." - Bono via
Ringing the bell for the salvation army at Kroger in Novi at Beck and Grand River with till 2! Come on out and donate!
Bakersfield, thank you for showing us such a good time. Sorry for bleeding on you!
James Blake's cover of Limit to Your Love is bad ass.
2nd verse of new song is starting to gel! On the piano working kinks out of the bridge.
planning to get there early, i hear you're buying drinks for the band
#mmauncensored Bonnar should be a coach and Nate should fight again,but your show sucks!!!!
What Brahms are you singing?
Teague has yet to show it in the regular season. Very inconsistent, both in his play and his playing time.
Merry Christmas everyone!! #GoPackGo!!
keep in touch !
Whatup homie! Did you finish the joint?
"Another day, another way...for me to open up to you." ::jamie lidell::another day::
Watch out for the HOA There is an evil lurking in many neighborhoods. It is the bane of every homeowner’s and real estate investors’ exis
We second that! Have a great weekend as well!
best wishes to you & fam! &thanks for the drum rec this year, always lookin to record/gig more,appreciate ya passin myinfo along
Happy Easter!
I love when my phone weather app reads 1 degrees. Wish it wasn't right.
*Changes name to Kaydee*
It is Saturday, May 5! You're no longer in Greensboro, you're now in "Comic Book City USA!" Enjoy International Free Comic Book Day!
Let me see u wobble :) excited to see the video today!! Thank u
When you make a vow to God, do not delay in fulfilling it
is @ UWS (WSCC) listening to brilliant Vern Saboe D.C. & the Gatti lawyers learning how to help those who are injured at work!
get ur ambition, get yourself, that's all you need, we are ready for the in www.nxtarrow.com
Princess Bride!
Question of the Day! Which band, dead or alive, together or broken up, would you move mountains to see perform live today?
no problem. 10pm she can sleep in bed. She sleeps in mine.
thanks for the suggestion!
Another gloomy day here in O-Town ,, I wonder if its gonna #hail like it did yesterday ?
Get ALL UP IN THAT MUG!
Wow, that is veering into some dangerous territory
there's an app for that, and it's fairly idiot-proof
#NBA legend #GusWilliams of the #SeatleSupersonics now is playing #FantasyFootball win a signed Gus ball
Three shitty songs in a row.. Pandora you're slacking..
EPP will be at the Frankfurt Book Fair October 12-16. Stop by our booth!
check out cafeworkr.com. don't forget to add a couple of places that you know about
Long Island, New York Loves You!!
I am actually a really mean person... Wow.
pretty much anything with "ole" in front of it is a good call.
Why do all pits think they are lap dogs?? GET YOUR BIG ASS OFF ME!!!
So is this where those disposable uniforms come in handy?
Sleep... Where art thou?
#Curious? Why do people change once they gain power? Power measured by #Materialism Why?
my best girlfriend has an iPhone 4S now, #jealous, haha noo, i'm so glad she has :) i love you <3 :)
Can of corn into left field equals a double right now.
Gonna lay in bed and think about life. Yup. That's what I'll do. Goodnight Twitter.
Best coaches out there tonight had to be and !!
Yeah, they kinda creeped me out when they'd come toward me... and even more so when they came after me. Made me scream!
Romans 8:31b If GOD Is For Us, Who Can Be Against Us? For CHRIST'S Sake LIVE!!!
Q: How many Sound Recordists does it take to screw in a light bulb?A: WHAT?
Ahh! I love it! I want one! They're adorable! :]
Quality of Life Outcomes for Torture Survivors lecture @ Lohrfink Auditorium NOW.
What should I ask Wendy?
Colts get 2 TEs, filling a serious need. Have to think they pursue help for defensive secondary next.
Saw a great reading last night...great writing and acting...and sat near Jesse Eisenberg to boot.
That thing got turned around in a hurry, it was like he knew what pitch was coming!
whose gonna be our 400th follower?!
Chris N Teeb are in the house making new HITS!!!
World historu sucks.
Thank you :)
following you now
Another day in L.A. I get to drive on the 405 south this morning. UGH! At least I get to do it in a new 328i BMW.
“: are tickets still being sold” no there are still some left
I'm an ORIGINAL VALLEY NIGGA , NOT NO WANNA BE
rick perry's use of the word "gong" made me have flashbacks to the unknown comic, maybe he was ron paul?
We're in business you slob you!!!
The most important things in social media - Connection, Commitment & Consistency - Sandi Krakowski
tee shirts, gift certificates.
Day by day, I am taking chances... Loving you is a chance I take every day.
Just hit by a beach ball at
Use your head!!
I'm officially starting the #OccupyDogPark movement! Who's in?
i need to take a quick vacation somewhere real kinda soon maybe miami
Damn! i would've done it if you paid travel expenses.
not at all!
I will follow you Follow you wherever you may go.
Did I seriously see a tweet that said 'RT if you were a directioner before the avocados' omg whut.
YES! RT : I want to hold your ham
Once my head isnt pounding I'm going to five guys by myself with my head held high
Mr. Balloons. Mr. Balloon hands. <U+E310><U+E41F> Yeah Right.
haha, we'll try our best! right ?! do u have any dairy/meat free yums for vegan freaks like me & ?
need moar red bull and foods
How do females work in Love Culture and they swagg still be SHITTY......
THIS…IS…JEOPARDY!!!
"Like. Comment. Share." is an #art & #socialmedia experiment by the Curatorial Practices students in AU #ArtsManagement. Join us
you're welcome. :) I love it!
Thanks Kay! See Jason- stop making fun! :)
Tell everyone, These twitter videos work! check my link out on my profile!
All need to be in lockstep! RT : successful biz must align their core goals & objectives in cross-enterprise collaboration
Capstone is gonna be a bitch without my boy . Oh well at least I'm done
I'm still laughing at what you said today......you need help.
I can't go downstairs quietly without it sounding like a traffic jam in New York. .-.
To quote on fixing her flat tire: "...and then this crackhead came to help, and by crackhead I mean he was black."
True that!
The Lobos have looked just awful since Gordon went out. He's back in but they haven't looked any better.
@[kinG Em.JAY] damn # fucked up
he went to granny house
Is Lionel Messi indeed the greatest soccer player of all time?
Embassy Row! Ready for #PassportDC tomorrow :)
dm thanks for the following. Love the bio too!
Roll Dons Roll.
Where do you stand on ? Do you see it as a way to recognize people who influence you or do you see it another way?
Thanks Hun, And Your Welcome!!!!
I need someone to come do jumping jacks on my back! #SoMuchTension :(
#HackedByMamaMahone should stay trending till Austin goes on his next break so he can see it(:
Yes! Love that Gus Johnson. Enthusiasm! RT via the Gonzaga montage?
Luckily - reading/posting on Reddit is part of my job description.
.005 hours RT : How many hours of bongos before I can legally set fire to the three jerkoffs in the park?
Planning to attend "Billion $ Programs Underway in SD"? Pt1 in am feat NAVFAC, , and cont.
Your music kept me alive through all of these years and you continue to inspire me. Your story gives me courage. Peace!
I'm just grateful I don't have a vomit story. Knock wood, Harper has only vomited once and it wasn't even at home.
yo my man! Does JR swish have a twitter? I know he used to
Worth following-KGW producer producing Live at 7 right now. We'll be doing our "It's Friday" dance soon.
When? Tomorrow : Fan of ? Listen for comedian Drew Hastings on the morning show at 6:50 and 8:50 a.m. #Ohio #comedy”
Travel tease. ;)
My father doesnt collect anything but guns.... and money. -
Always nice to talk with Mark Parabicoli of about home, auto insurance. Look for story in the June issue
Red hair dye fades out too quickly :(
bring out & !! w/ waiting for the fun to start!!!
too funny ;) had a blast. Thanks for laughs & Happy Birthday Jess!
My auto correct is buggin out in these text messages lol
Thirty and Seven!!!
how fast do you think the warped tour presales will sell?
Thanks for the #followfriday!
M a Cadbury's Cream Egg shake would be amazing.
high of 67f
It totally is a thing--Riding along, feeling tired, someone of the preferred gender passes you--Instant motivation
Ah... College football... Let's go Boise State!!!!
can we do lunch in Norcross? I know somewhere that has fabulous bloody marys!
Portland is awesome!!!
With the 24th pick in the 2012 NFL Draft, the Pittsburgh Steelers select David Decastro!!!!!!!!!!! Official!
Great idea! RT : I love the Jennieo turkey loafs with gravy
Thanks for sharing RT 90% of consumers trust what their peer said and <15% trust what brands says
Never allow yourself to imagine that magical transformation is just a purchase away.
I want to get a legitimate diagnosis of narcolepsy so that my friends stop making fun of me for falling asleep everywhere, all the time
Woman can be described in four things: how he decides to conflict issues, looks at the child, is calculated to part with the girl.
Aint got a napkin so I'm eatin Sunflower Seeds off my chest lol
Absolutely love getting my Yoga on at the beach. Starts in 15, who’s with me?
Who ever had the moldey cheesse in the halls i h8 you
U may not get much that far back, as most baptismal records were burned during potato famine..but try never know
Kk what's up?
There's a video. I'll share it tomorrow :)
That would be the hitters fault for not adjusting to it then wouldn't it?
Bring in a dish for the potluck tonight at 6 and you've got yourself a free pint my friend. Then stick around for Trivia at 7!
Merry Christmas to you and your family, G!
Yes lord!! “ #Aries gets irritated easily.”
Those would both be pretty sick.
EDUCAUSE Policy staff participating today in National Data Summit in DC hosted by Data Quality Campaign
Hi Rocky! When is the next time you'll be in Detroit? Love your charisma!
Checking out the new data base sergio just created it's bad ass!!!!
Because beauty isn't enough, there must be something more
It kills you to see them grow up. But I guess it would kill you quicker if they didn't. -Barbara Kingsolver
17 Jan 1775 Res. of Fairfax County Committee: This comm. do concur...that a well regulated militia…is the natural strength...of a free gov’t
what's good bro.
Congratulations to our iPad winner, David Hawes, an alumni from the School of Computing and Engineering!
Wait, that was all vegetables last night?! Uh-mazing, wifey.
hell yes.. I could use a blizzard
We got a Dwight Howard-less magic team 2nite , should be an easy w.
Free My Nig Brian
Dog, you have me dying right now.
It's double the fun with John McG. tonight! The Burlington episode of Around the Corner is at 7:30 and Brady Street is at 8:15. On MPTV 10.
Text me when you ready..if your not, why bother?
Probably gonna delete my twitter . It's so boring now D:
I wanna go to the movies but it ain't really shit to see.
we should do the fish city thing on Monday! I can't tuesday : (
yes! That's my DLo!
I'd never have guessed that an Illinois alumnus fail would decide the game.
How many as a fan, how many as an employee? RT : I think attending 11 brewer games this month is a high for me.
¡Thanks for being a part of our Taco Martes!
I was listening to the radio & I just noticed Austin doesn't come on till 9. Haha.
hah. Did that message you? I was just being an ass.
RT : 's new tactic on the pay roll tax cut: Asking what $40 can buy. Interesting to watch the #40dollars feed
Grr... Got the hiccups :L
it's all good! And I'm proud of you!!!
#monstersowntwitter duh we win cuz theres almost 12million of us!!! all hail mommy monster! woo! :) (''')(''')
Feel free to use #prsawis for today's meeting.
In Buff till tomorrow..Then heading back to Boston on Saturday..
On Friday, I'm going back to Spaulding/Grand.
Hurtin my feelings
I keep pushing myself even though I can't take it at all.
what happened?
you're mean.
Hah! That's great!
Congratulations on the movie and all your success! Haters r gonna hate but u desrve all the success you've earned!
Just when genre looked like it was taking over...:(
week of #hell commence....#gahhhh!!!
cherish what you have while you have it, before you know it.. he'll forget about you and be on to one of your close friends. #backstabber /:
Told hubby the term "Hot" came because of me...He is still laughing!
THANKFUL 2 BE HERE
American Power Yoga in Dallas,TX I love your studio and miss it very much (I moved away). The teachers and students are all so nice!
went to the batting cages this morning...with suellen; that was an interesting experience...
Hmm yep that sounds about right. Hope you're doing well, lady! :)
What's your strategy to tackle a cold summer morning?
That green glow from the west side of the city is me, jealous of your new phone.
I'm so funny man
I lost 30 followers from not tweaking for like 2 weeks smh it's good doe
Just got off work back to work in 2hrs
is enjoying the weather in L.A., finally 89F!!!
so cold in my house right now.
Now understands how video goes viral
RT 5 Thought Provoking #TED Videos About Social Media
me too! Oh, wait. I meant white polo... player.
YEAH DO IT
My major accomplishment today was unfollowing
CHI city is stupid crazy at - We need you here!
how many other colors do I have how can I kno which one to pick
Prepare. “: I invest because I want to ______.”
Noel Gallagher playing a great acoustic version of "If I Had A Gun," - bit.ly/zCTOnS. Catch him live on 3/28! Tickets at bit.ly/zWyRJp
I think you are so right
-__________- kick me if you can!!
Yum. Thank goodness they're coming to Fremont so I can sneak away for lunch now and then!
Just the way i am !!! Hahahhaha
good man. You? Is aha or jhs in the tourney?
you know you've been on Facebook too much when you want to "like" an e-mail
It depends on if I get anything or the value of what I get (related to future terms based off of inflation)
excited for packers softball game!
Bend it over, touch your toes
I'm not opposed
Celebrate life, today!
- this is cute! My daughter would love it!
Supposedly The Pokemon video games are bringing families together. So after 14 years, Japan's plan to take over The USA is finally working.
Mayor Reardon is touting our Cerner Scholars program, which gives high school students opportunities for real-world work experience.
If it turns out to be pretty much universal, then I will feel both more compassion and more hopelessness, I think. :\
Mentally I'll people are spontaneous...it's all about context!
RT : making little fixes and adjustments to the site -- making life easier for our next batch of alpha testers Woot!
how could your mum not <3 you?! youre AWESOME!! :o
This is going to be fun.
Rob Wilson checks in for the
I have a bad habit of texting back o;
Lol thats good. Mother's day is also my dad's bday so we had a big thing with the family for both :] But every1 had a nice time
Who's got a good recommendation for an iPhone/iPad stylus for sketching?
UNREAL brawl in the pittsburgh penguins/philadelphia flyers game right now.. coaches standing on the boards in a screaming match.
that happened to me at half price books the other day. chatted for 20 min with stranger about books. Fun! :)
Cocktail Museum at So glad I'm in town for this.
Thanks for supporting Fat Fancy!! Keep rockin sister!! Fat Solidarity!!
Random men telling me to smile is so annoying. I truly can't think of anything that is less effective in getting me to smile.
Enjoying Shiner Winter Cheer for
Call for real estate investors to adapt to rise of emerging markets
#NOW RIP Quint mac u will b missed so po out some liquor!!
i like this
Haha, I refuse to fax anything. I'd rather use snail mail than a fax.
Okay, off you cog.
Best wishes to you and your family - you are a mighty fine man and deserve the best.
Beyond tired and starting to feel a little sick. My bed is calling my name
Thanks for all your support Teri!!
Lemme get my azz and start this laundry and clean this damn house...
I don't care if Monday's blue; Tuesday's grey & Wednesday too. Thursday I don't care about you... It's Friday I'm in love. With
“: God knows everything about u! He's involved & cares! (The Lord will make perfect that which concerns me.) Psalm 138:8” yes!!
From my friends at UT, I hear Bruce had a heck of a social life while he was a coach. I'd kick it with him.
I'm sorry my dear. But you're up for elimination.
I had to tell u bcuz it seems like we the ones that gotta have them
dear , thank you for saving my life in class today when my hard drive crashed. forever yours, liz
I hope Gaga was worth it Montreal...I hope Gaga was worth it.
Hi, I cannot send you a direct message unless you are following me.
Psa 110:4 The LORD hath sworn, and will not repent, Thou [art] a priest for ever after the order of Melchizedek.
Sign of a true asshole? Someone who, when you follow them and you know them in real life, doesnt follow you back. Like really?
Yea, bad news is I can't even eat hardly at all right now. D:
freshman year. running away from my gym teacher. she prob still threw the dodgeball at me.
If I make a wish at 11:11 on 11/11/11 with my fingers crossed whilst knocking on wood will I win the lottery even though I don't play?
LOVE the HUMP...day! w00t
sweet just got it
tell um what to who?!
thanks for the retweet, keep up the great work
Yeah, I missed that whole rain thing.
Now following back
Congrats to KJ--WVU's Kevin Jones for winning the Big East regular season scoring and rebounding titles--a real double double!
Wow! Like all the probs caused by dental fillings!
#teamnobody is going to take over!!
I bet you are too. I can't lie
Who inspires you the most?
this day just needs to end..
He can't make his anti-gay bigotry any more clear. [-]
Never use a stovetop or an oven as a supplemental heating device. That's a big safely hazard and can be a source of toxic fumes.
We still have a couple of "key dates" available for Corporate State Fair events! Book your State Fair event today and get a great deal!!
NEWSFLASH: Bishop Harry Jackson. Fine with screwing the elderly, poor & middle class and NOT fine with equality for all? NOT Christian!
Health Coaching Opportunity: Still looking for 5 Individuals interested in becoming Health Coaches. Supplying the largest demand in the Co…
Ah, yes, the limits of Twitter seem to have skewed my message. The study guide uses art and creativity as a window into...
Environments for women offenders should be safe, supportive, and dignified.
It's over! My first midnight screening. The escalator broke down as the crowd descended. Felt dystopically fitting. Goodnight.
happy thursday!
sometimes i feel like i be asking for too much
Berkeley Cities jam
No #drunktweets tonight sorry :( tired as shit and going to bed #letsgotowork in the AM #iamthe1percent lol
Hi Lindsay, thank you for the mention, so happy you had a great time! Look forward to seeing you soon!!
TESTIMONIAL: “I enjoy your daily meals, they are varied and tasty. I recommend it to everyone. Thank you for providing this service. Your...
that's what happens when u forget ur tube sox
good job Hoya go pacers !!!
that...is...amazing! Lol
Lmao! Boy u a fool. I feel u tho. On anotha note, deez harmonies is crazy! Hit me on da cell when u get a min. Check ya DM.
Ppl are so violent today !
I'll carry you home tonight.
oh he did? I'm just sad because he will be missed on Glee you know? but either way I approve xD
I have grilled most everything - but never a carrot! Will have to try :) RT : Grilled carrots are fantastic!
our universities won't win on the EdX model: it's an int'l brand game. need to think openness beyond that zero sum.
RT : "flaymo, how many children you got?" "...I'm claimin four"
don't know about soft. But definitely not good enuf.
It's getting real
Can you handle the heat? Try our Horseradish Cocktail Sauce!
like samba?
Aww! You're very welcome! And thank you so much! I can't tell you how much I appreciate it!<U+2665>
D: really?!
Don't let a slow day get you down. If you come back empty handed in your quest for success, get up the next day and keep working.
s music
Your job is not your provision. Its just a vessel. God is still the provider!
Sunset grill is on oldies but goodies station uh...#apparentlyiamOld yikes
Heading off to the Association of Threat Assessment Professionals monthy meeting... San Diego.. see you there!!
Watch tv is not as interesting as it used to be
i finally figured out what you're talking about...who will you vote for?
Ew next year I'll be taking the AP economic tests.
R.I.P aunt Jackie !!!! I love you always!!!
She ratchet.
Late mothers day gift for myself. RT : Did you forget mom on Mother's Day? Get a last minute deal on a women's shirt
I've been told by a few people recently that I rarely Tweet anymore. I actually Tweet more, but for 18 other accounts.
In an ironic way, Facebook feels more ephemeral. It's a shame, our "better" photos are sequestered away from people
28k right now;)
#wisots moments away. Getting ready for some vague statements and lots of misinformation.
contest: I will give a stadium baseball of your choice to 1 of the first 100 people to sign up on my new facebook page: 'unforgettaballs'
Hey I don't speak french LoL. Wish I did though.
Biz op in Fort Worth! We are expanding our network of sponsors! Contact us!
Mt. Desert or Beals!
glad u made it ;)
How does what we think about poor people affect programs like food stamps,TANF or cash assistance?
Desiderata says it best - "do not compare yourself to those who are greater or lesser than yourself, for you will either be vain or bitter."
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity, not on other people.
Thank you! I really need a trim.
I used to watch him every weekend as he hosted 'American Bandstand': Rest In Peace, Dick Clark.
thanks for the follow interior and architectural design
-- said it was a good Madmen tonight.
I am trying to figure out how to use Twitter
Do websites really still need me to pick my region on a map before loading? Can they not figure out my language/shopping prefs by now?
Lucroy had a chance to really run Volquez's pitch count right there. #Brewers v
Taking a moment of silence for Alexander mcqueen at fashion week... With
Sure. Why not? RT : Any of my Bay Area Followers want to go to ERA on Saturday just because, and have a few drinks just because?
Steve "Snapper" Jones told me tonight that his health is improving, and he'd like to return to broadcasting.
good ur alive i was worried but i gtg for the rest of the day talk to u tomorrow(:
I am an avid fan of the Fap, which is a family nap, no matter what the Internet says
Wouldn't miss it.
haha what's the design??
tomorrow = breaking dawn = awesome
The Noah ankle tweets remind us of the chatter about a different ankle ahead of another Game 6--Curt Schilling for the Red Sox in the Bronx.
One way or another, we'll figure it out. Either option yields plenty of mischief!
Alkaline diet tip: iodized salt is highly acid forming, while sea salt is highly alkaline
When will poverty end in the US? What are you doing to end it?
Nope. Just better commercials.
Haha (: I know! Hey girl text me real quick! I have awesome news(:
You can have the good doctor, someone's gonna have to fix Jayne :-)
The final show of Hairspray is tonight :( I'm really sad it's ending :(
100:1 odds my dad ever touched a stroller RT : Father of the year nom to dude pushing his little girl in stroller with cig in hand.
always happy to meet more funk brothers!
that's old to me hahaha. Remember when I deleted it by accident and like cried? And our late night steak and shake?
Today is April Fool’s Day! What is the worst trick someone played on you on this day?
Note to Chris Satullo: I've yet to see a pitchfork-wielding condo owner at one of #PhillyCouncil's budget hearings.
RT overwhelmed right now...so excited for the fall. lots of work to come and lots to look forward to with
I love that barber shops in west Philly are open until midnight. I'm having an emergency situation on top of my head.
I just love your publication, the idea of the Inhale Man is great
is washing her teeth ;) ahahaha
Americas Got Talent has a lot of the same shit some of it is pretty cray tho
has Linkin Park blown your mind yet?
Hated it. Well brewed but I can not stand hoppy Belgian beers.
Huge win for tonight over OU!
-- I am need of a haircut!! Lookin like #Wolverine up in hurrrr
thanks for the follow
$5 Box Lunch Today: OFFICE FAVORITE - Ham, Turkey and Roast Beef. Delish!
GoodMorning starshine the earth says hello!
Just got home from shooting the new #libertytax commercial in time square.
ew sounds awful. Well if you wanna see my suite or whatever just let me know!
A/b testing dev. That's hot. But post assumes everything is properly instrumented. That would be position *really* needs
USA Today says Police Chief in Trayvon Martin case is resigning
Had PLENTY this weekend! Be careful - It's addicting! “: This Garrett's popcorn in Chicago is no joke... A great snack”
Bad dreams are overrated.
I wish my hair was longer . :c
lol good morning!
STUDIO STUDIO STUDIO.....MY HOME, MY LIFE, MY EVERYTHING AFTER GOD!
When are you gonna make your first tweet, Tot?
I should be sleep -.-
Epic dinner becomes epic lunch.
hahaha awesome movie man
life - is the most beautiful thing that God has given us. (CP)
2011.08.22 game 2 #Pirates 9 #Brewers 2 | Reversing the trend / Greinke's ERA goes up / Let's forget this one.
they were great. Very long line, many people were unable to get in
Draft day!!!
HAVE ALOT OF THESE LIL BOYS PLAYS AROUND TO MUCH
E-Rate 471 filed. The USAC server fought me, but I won.
Which rabbit was a famous female aviator? Amelia Harehart.
What you know about the Willy Bounce!?..
men on horses, bet on horses. Men on skates, bet on skates. That's why it's not the same. You don bet on the jockey
Crazy how one thing someone does can put me in a bad mood just like that.
Just had a great audition... Quick celebration and back to work!! ;-)
Yeah I put Harper on my fantasy teams. Doesn't mean I like the cocky punk.
Oh, love the Howie Day version of Africa!
Man I thought I just lost my life! (my phone)
Oops! one thing though, the link has a typo (it has a "z" instead of an "x")
you have experience with this?
You know just posting random things with hashtags so that people RT is the closest thing to arrogance and pride.
Sinatra’s record label, Reprise Records, is now owned by what major company?
I need more memory! Rendering and exporting is taking FOREVER!!!
ActiveRain is down. If you're having problems getting on, you're not alone.
we are so excited for our big night! tweet us your favorites!
I had dance practice all day so my legs are bothering me,& I think I'm over tired so I don't have the energy to get ready haha
MY SWAG IS SWAG,IS YOUR SWAG SWAG ? ;)
Making some 'Sloe Comfortable Screws' for my bro.
Thank you!!! I love printing new editions of this one - so many gorgeous color possibilities!
I'm high and drunk..goodnight..it's 5:18am (:
It's Friday evening and we've got some openings for tattoos and piercings so come by and get one and get 10% off too!
#Truth. I thought was 55 until
We are here at the Friars Club mingling at Power Play!
Gave a homeless guy some french fries at lunchtime, I didn't need them...
Is anyone using Bento for anything of any real inherent value? I'd like to know of a use for it that might apply to what I need.
Wow...that was great. Couldn't help tears for my champions.
As Boulder velodrome closes, Erie becomes heart of track cycling
#fridayreads John Byrd's pick: The Hunger Games
Keep your ears open to KTFM for Try Out's new commercial. Wed. now Drag night! club open to 18 & up crowd. BYOB
The "Contagion" soundtrack makes me wanna build spaceships.
Had a great weekend, but now I'm worn out & no chance of sleeping in til saturday.
It was good whT about yours
I believe it is a four-legged beast that gallops in a rapid manner.
Was not expecting a Clooney/Crystal kiss or a moment. This is promising... #Oscars"
Thanks for a tremendous #API conference and speakers, I'm always so impressed with the incredibly smart/talented team
"All cruelty springs from weakness." ~ Seneca
Scripting-heavy project; PHP is driving me crazy. Anyone have an opinion on Python vs. Ruby?
How's that for DC stupidity-prohibit drilling to drive cost of gas up to encourage us to use electric cars, then hit us with a tax.
directing,writing, & producing..Hey Jerry I'm from Motown too.
Except for not seeing oomf.
Hey Bianca! If you rebloged this , I swear I'd cry. Stay Beautiful! :) x
#DodgeballTournament. I'm not promising I will catch the ball, but I will be the first to run and pick up the ball. I hope we win!
Withey finally finishes without trying to bounce it first!
We're getting a lot of gluten-free Mother's Day orders. Especially Red Velvet.
There are other things, but that was all I could fit in 140 characters!
dude idk what happened twitter just randomly deleted some of the people I was following its so weird
Sometimes you have to push the reset button and start over. Don't let your history stop your destiny!
stomach extremelies hurts but ma bout to eat..believe that much...yum yum...lol
Rick Steves marathon on PBS. Beware!
PH&#39;s to Canada from orbitnutrition
So I think Destiny Fulfilled album is my summer music....I love that music!!!!
“: such a talented chef and wonderful person!”you rock Florida girl thanks your pretty good yourself
That shows how much she knows.
does krugman practice for charlie rose by talking to his cats about the central bank and pawsterity
Election was pretty brilliant too
i love you so much
waking up to an empty house though <<
#inlove she just doesn't know how much i really love her
For me to take time outta my day to aknowledge you you've gotta earn it otherwise ..keep it moving !
Damn Russell Westbrook jus dunked on Jason Terry!!!!
Thank you babygirl! We just sat down in the theater. :)
saw Elizabeth Taylor in the 70s when she was Mrs. John Warner. She was a special guest speaker at a local scifi convention down in Roanoke.
thank you so much. But I don't think I'm "beautiful". I think I'm worthless, and loving myself is something I shouldn't do
whats up bro?
had a blast today.. that was so much fun..
agree :) happy mothers day!!
I guess people do have the power to manipulate people, AGAIN & AGAIN! They never realize it to the end. I'm done with that crap.
Thinking that the #Office has
Well I wonder what other "wonderful" crap people can throw at me now! Bring it! I have delt with it for years go on and test me some more!!
havnt made any in a bit...
which one the one that doesnt understand no
Yay, having a #sisterday wit Haven't seen my sis in so long wit all the jobs...can't wait!!! :)
They need to get rid of the sparkles table.. I keep buying jewelry
We appreciate it! RT : just finished my responses for their new brochures! Just have to find some photos.
Pulling for Dullihan & Hanson in #kyderby today
lol watch the titanic backwards it look like a magical ship that save people.
“: Shout outs to !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Started latin weekend of with a blast!!!” Look forward for more events to rock out!
thats old news though
We have a couple of very nice beer pairing dinners coming up this week...Pairings aren't for just wine anymore (at least not in Milwaukee)!
Don't come into my life if you're not going to be a positive influence.
choosing songs to work on next week in LA I think we've narrowed things down to the top five, ready to roll.
ha! does this mean you want to learn to hack the intarwebs?
can you follow me
thanks. You can email me at caferrara at ipresent.net
Ken are you involved with the Burn Center?
Goodnight Tweeters!! <3
Woo my bed is calling me!
omg no way ahaha
very beautiful, Emma. Can't wait to read.
I live here?
next time mo bailing at 530. I had to drink thru 3 rounds of people last night ;)
I saw August and immediately thought August Burns Red.
Just heard TV report that #ericmcclure has talked to the emergency workers, so that's great news!
Is there a retail location in Raleigh where your wine can be purchased?
I just want to be alone. Understand that.
I don't disagree about Webb. But who is a better option right now?
In The Car With My Sister <3
Quick Old Update: We are now #USC Talent Management, from USC Employee Recruitment Services. You like the new name?
i biff everything i eat. #carlproblems . let's trend it.
I, for one, have been pure ever since.
10-0 run and Saras is killing them, sorry make that 17-0 run now and what was Burstein doing starting this game
Thank you to for sponsoring the delicious lunch at the MAGNET winter meeting.
Good morning everyone LoooL
it's hiding really well!!! It's exausting, but I'm not giving up!
BBQ: Famous Dave's. Every other BBQ place in Omaha is better.
Wow, thanks! Honored to be put alongside &
#SAForum2012 innovation is key in solving public health problem in African countries
This hoe is a cornball
Stoudemire is ASS <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
u know Jennifer Hudson has a hit song out "I Got This" same as your title this coming Sunday. Have u heard it?
this haha the commercial where the guy goes "house hold bleach" i died cause i would do it for perfect bright white teeth
Dr. Hodes's movie is about his work doing spinal surgery that saves children from lives of exile - and he has adopted several of them.
Haha no worries see you soon. It's the one that's next to the ex Ultimate Electronics store.
we should plan it for next Sunday, noonish
Sitting on my bed about to do my homework :/
I sure could go for an burger right now...
you got my hopes up Cody, lol. But I'll be watching you next week. ;)
I think a mutiny is about to form at this post office
#aam2012 Moth presentation intro by soulful cello. Changed whole vibe of conference for me
Yo ! Are you at the game?
Well, that is good news!
One question about the Time porn cover; Is that kid wearing moonboots?
Confession #4: When I'm on Facebook, I only go there to read everything on my News Feed
Idaho: Boise State is still exploring its options for a 13th football game in 2012, but the Broncos are unlikely to play Arkansas in...
Glad to be home this week for episode
On Halloween, the parents sent their kids out looking like me.
Emily is trained in French & Japanese floral design and is well-versed in the Victorian Language of Flowers. Expect dramatic centerpieces!
When people fuck up over and over then whine about the consequences
Spurs are the definition of unselfish basketball.
Thanks a lot man. We have a few things on the business side of things to tie up and than we will talk. I really...
How did it go? If I had seen this earlier I would have said good luck. Retroactive good luck!
headed out to shoot interview with miss kathryn willis on history of joan glancy/gwinnett medical center Foundation
I just realized the last dance the boyz dance to on season6 was pitbull, and so was the song they came back to!
The answer to life, the universe and everything else?
lol isn't that the truth, how's mufasa?
I was driving to
“: your pic look like u miss Kim kardasina” really
Computer World Party!
Omw to work
Don't be afraid to take a big step when one is indicated
new it:)
The climax <3
Fashion isn't something that exists in dresses only. Fashion is in sky; in street, fashion has to do with ideas-way we live, what happens-CC
3,000th tweet is dedicated to myself. Cause that's all I have in life...well,and god.
and got a good thing going on here every Thursday....just sayin
THE TOWN WAS THE WORST MOVIE/ACTING
When all else fails, admit I was right.
wait, why not?
Overtime.... hm another 1-2hrs would be awesome
Dominating//RT : #okstate has completed conference play in 4 sports in 2011-12, and what does it have? 3 Big 12 titles.
Things Get Harder And Harder By TheDay ..
I only like the chorus of Bella Thorne's TTYLXOX. Everything else is stupid & doesn't rhyme.
I'm becoming quite the little crafter these days <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Follow Me On Twitter Follow Me On Twitter Follow Me On Twitter Follow Me On Twitter
past about others.
While I was concerned about changes, it looks like I'll be teaching the same thing next year. Only better, of course.
jcwestern is having a HUGE SALE in both stores 50%OFF SALE please call for more info at 561-748-8801
that's really my uncle
If patience is a virtue then I should be voted most virtuous.
#FF #FollowFriday RT : If the detective says "She was last seen on Google+...," you're never seeing your daughter again.
welcome home ;)
Real accounts with original tweets: Fake accounts that cut-n-paste from them: #BLAST :P
That's the best internal giggle I have ever had.
Man da #empire gone be dumb tonight ....I got people coming from out of town
Shopping at Ross on a Saturday is like free birth control.
It was SO nice to have a drink with Elaine & Stephanie at an "Irish pub" tonight! We ordered fries, they drizzled top ramen sauce on them!
Trivia Time - How many vehicles in the KIA line-up have MPG ratings over 30MPG? What do you think? Can you name them all?
1st cousins right
It's Tank Time!!!!!!!!!!!!! It's an In Studio Jam with r&b singer Tank right now on the TJMS!
not if you're blitzed out of your mind...
you better be wide awake come game time!!!
That awkward moment when u get out of the shower walk outside with only a towel on and there's some random ass kid der. Smfh.
Hopefully himself...
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there! Enjoy this day!
I love the omg girls cause of style
whats good! What have you been working on?
Seriously everyone needs to shut the fuck up before I snap
Ugh... I so enjoy being at work today. Looking forward to having lunch with though :)
Tonight's GOP Debate, tomorrow's State of the Union Address and Willard releasing his tax returns. A great 24 hrs. for political junkies.
- Obama's jobs package includes some long-term implications to consider
their sexy and they know it!
Not trying to go to work today but need the money can't wait til #payday and it's on
it's okay! Thanks tho love:)
NO i just went on your profile and happened to see that xD...and oh okay....and well go on son! xD
Zimmerman's Lawyers Just Quit they lost contact with him
": RT #grateful my health / my children / my strength // my friend " I <3 u
aw thank you Julie! I'll leave style blogging to the pros like you :)
We Are Fearless!
I'm convinced Romney's candidacy is performance art. There's simply no way a person can be that dense.
Radio personality for the Brazilian hour radio , is telling us about his work, centered around parternships. Any questions?
Anyone going anywhere fun for lunch today? Mind if I join?
Just wanted to say hey!:-) Hope u & Eddie r havin a great week. :-)
maybe he is a magician?
why do ygaf I don't
who's wanting to get a group to go down to sauvies next weekend? :)
"Now The Old King Is Dead, Long Live The King" - Viva La Vida (Coldplay)
Forgot I had this thing!
#SAGAWARDS Outstanding Ensemble in a Drama Series is the cast of... Boardwalk Empire... meh
;) otherwise known as sideways smiley face wink
Guys, always maintain eye contact when you're talking to her. It let's her know that you are only paying attention to her.
What is good about having many qualities and skills if you lost hope in succeeding after failing once or twice?
ppl hate because of those things...explain why? thats a reason to hate him?? its not like he is not trying?
Going to the bottom of the 9th, it's still Blinn 1 Galveston 1. Galveston coming to the bat
haha thanks! I hope I love it too!!
grr! Can't read it from my cell phone. Doesn't support mobile phones yet.
It's a mad house in here!!!
an hd kind lol its pretty nice lollol
I don't claim to know what's happening, but I know people who do. Oliver Stone couldn't cook up the shit that's happening.
I feel the pressure cause I'm already 26 but I couldn't have done this any earlier.
you'd be perfect. <33
My first thought after finishing those bean & cheese tacos at lunch: "I wish I had more bean & cheese tacos." Stupid delicious tacos.
The flight control app game is addictive!
That cast changed thr dynamic of our D late in the season. Glad it's off.
Yep. In a few hours it will just get even more awesomer.
Starcraft would be perfect on a tablet. I'm surprised Blizzard hasn't released it for iPad.
Happy Mothers Day Keda!
RIP DAD I LOVE YOU SO MUCH ILL SEE U AGAIN SOMEDAY
why didn't anyone ask his dogs name and what kind it is?
The #LaCorte marinara recipe from Sicily is on the stove. In 8 hours there will be sauce and meatballs for a Father's Day feast.
There are 300 million people in the US and 130 million of them have at least one chronic health condition.
Friends: quality not quantity. While trying to make the world love you, the most important people are usually brushed to the side.
Booked a role on a Disney pilot!! 2nd booking of 2012.
also, saw some people from church camp and a guy who reminded me we knew each other from a weekend a few years ago coined "no pants padre"
its not even a wee bit sad that's what we get excited about these days
In an effort to make Fantasy Basketball more realistic, the NBA now allows owners a 2 day voting period on whether or not to Veto a trade!
yep. We have a current lit section with rentals plus stuff we buy (usu contemp lit like murakami).
Webbie - like that.
I know it is early, but I am HAMMERED! Time to pick my bets for Sunday!
Thanks Dave. Maybe you can leave the key under the flower pot when you get a chance
Being a man sounds difficult. (Other than having greater professional mobility and control of your own reproductive rights).
Guess what my grandma just said about Nutella: "Those flippin' hazelnuts are a pain in the ass!"
I WANT TO SHOP. O:
If hes hand-making my pizza, I'm going to demand another pizza MT : The guy in these Papa Johns commercials is really f'in creepy
Audio is working great
Happy Spring Equinox! Great time 4 setting intention 4 spring. What do u really want 2 accomplish by summer? See it happening.
Time to de-paste my legs. Slapped on SPF 30 and I'm reading in my kindle outside. And no, it's not 50 Shades, you perv!
We're mentioned in #TheInformationDiet on pg 145. Awesome! Go buy the book. Thx .
Photoshoot Update: Your photos look amazing! We can't wait for you to see the catalog! We all miss you!
"He was a wise man who invented beer." -Plato
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery.
Today, trade in coffee has a large economic value. Coffee is 1 of the world's most crucial primary goods.
you are the man ;-)
Quote of the Day: No man is a failure who is enjoying life. - -- William Feather
follow back?
My cousins are here...too much movement going on for me...gotta check shit out
If you really want to know about mistakes you should ask your parents
“: Watching Friends =]” best show ever!!!
“: What #bike was the star of last night.
Glen is making me drink Bud Light Lime-A-Rita. It tastes worse with every sip
May 26th show in San Jose at nickel city RT if u wanna go :) tickets are 10 bucks. Come on people support local music :)
S/O to my new follower.FOLLOW HIM!! DM me for my music
Why does Gale look like Evgeni Malkin
Hey #SeaMonkeys I have arrived safely in my home. Thank you et al for an amazing
2012 Goal #1: Finish the Louisville Ironman in under 10.5 hours. Conceive, believe, achieve. #ironmantri Registration still open
We should get some Hulk hands.
Well I do. I want flowers. Today, dammit. Or tomorrow. Or the next day. Or whenever, you know.
Excited! #elbulli tonight! Never made it to the original, but trust will do an incredible job!
"This is like a Prince video." LMAO
still livid about the #squealoffortune. Subscription officially ran its course and I'm out. Thanks for the good times. cya rs.
...decided on a movie with a ballerina...
U suck quit acting like ur good
OK - Thanks, I didn't see it and wondered about her. I heard some of his Dad on the news.
thanks for that wonderful tweet!
Zomg a dinner break with a lot chips... Everyone in my house playing today also still in
Police are massing at Northwest Community Mental Health Center at 2354 N Milwaukee Ave in Logan Square.
Where's Lola At!? happy easta sexy bitches!
according to the official "Am i singing handbook"
There is a direct relationship btwn the # of ball reversals and the resulting # of defensive breakdowns...so many young plyrs dnt get this
I'm glad I have a best friend like ! Idk what I'd do without herr!!
day 4 of squatting at my sisters apt... soo why not run to the liquor store again?
heading to the printing house. guys if you want to sample your designs call me.
Just a few chocolate cupcakes left. More carrot Get yours. Corner of 13th and Hott.
would love to see you tweet your plans
Ok sue me for being an asshole-_-
Thanks for the follow!
- Great work promoting our film :D Kudos, kiddo!
Writing A Big Word ,Then Wondering If You Spelled It Right ...
Rob, you're my idol growing up! im never gnna give up skating(:
Repeating a falsehood loudly does not turn it into
haha yea there all about chillin
I have so much planned for summer
Pay us the cost and we'll be gone. Now they shut my eyes and I can't see... It's plain to see who the winner and loser will be
I think we should have NAP time in High School ..., I mean they might as well because over half my class sleep lol
Girl lets get high i hope u not afraid of heights!
Bama vs LSU here we go
What is with the fireworks on the beach every single Thursday night? The bulldog is NOT amused.
for the coat check at prom.
How does 43% among men, 42% among women add up to 48% overall?
#TwoThingsThatDontMix #fags and religion
People that get all hype about these parties promoted on twitter are usually ppl who dont get out the house much.
I'm scard
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 for your chance to win a free pizza weekly! Normal messaging rates apply.
- My favorite thing to do on vacation is eat good food, buy local and take pretty pictures!
Wrapping up product meeting at Lynnwood, then lunch at Woodinville Panera Bread!
This years #xgames is quite the delicious visual treat indeed, we miss you
Where are you?
Damn straight.
Just realized my mom was born on the same day and year as Bill Belichick. Let's just say my Mom has aged better. Happy Birthday Mom!
first of all: have you read it?
didn't mean i couldn't eat, and i said thank you in that tweet for cooking, if you read it all....
Good Morning
THERE IS A PANDA IN THE WOODS.
Don't worry too much about what potential employers might see on Facebook. Have a life.
Wow d rose just dunked somthin stupid! Lol
Would watch #Terriers tonight, if I had a teevee. Might buy it from iTunes tomorrow. Hear that #FX? - I'll *pay* for this show.
hey, where is now?
already did ;)
Late night #workout. Legs, back, shoulders, core. Starting the week off the right way!
Of the work I saw this week (& it was a good week), I wish I could say I was shocked that the lowest budgeted piece made the biggest impact.
living the dream, I see
graduation 1, check..go mohi. graduation 2, check.. go ou! (and csu;) so so proud of youu congrats to my !!!
ITs Kettle Corn Time at Tivoli Village! Kelli's Kettle Corn will be serving up some fresh to go! Stop by and say Hello!
RT : Watching The Casey Anthony Jury Widd My Lil Brother <==== Follow thanx big bro
Website relaunch is happening soon- we will announce events very soon!
This girl is so rude I don't know how they're friends
Ergo "childish/naive" readings of as a genuine news source are common, uninfluenced by obvious cues for "correct" interpretation.
With Boston's finest and truly most upscale crowd, Blu is the only place to be on that night.
Any other members/users within the reach of my tweets? Curious what you've thought (and what you've bought) of the service so far
hey girl
. Thanks for the #FF love! Back atcha! ^dr
I saw you at the interview platform at Wango!! I was trying to wave to you but a group of girls got in the way..:(
And all directors accounted for! RT Sound mix completion with countless thanks to Craig Mann and Todd AO crew
just stay away from the bottled violence.
Good morning! Hope everyone is having a great Tuesday!
Can't stand it!!!! Your idea of 50/50 is more like 75/25 me with the quarter! Save it! Fricken jerk.
. love this concept. so happy to hear a voice challenging the nfp industrial complex at
At 8pm tonight, will play
June 12th will hopefully be my first day back in softball :) I miss swinging my bat so much
I've always found Guérin an interesting thinker on this subject.
don't call me kid...
Strongly agree!
I got more rhymes then I got grey hairs and that's a lot because j got my share
Just got paid from my Isagenix business. Residual income ftw! www.seanspencer.isagenix.com
Play FREE online brain-jump.com (broadband only)
ayee bro sup:)
That's the best time for open mic! :o)
#win RT: #Getoveritlifegoeson... or you die alone. Either.
Poets are interested mostly in death and commas.
Is it weird that I'm wearing LUGz boots in my night gown? (to lazy to take em off after my ciggy)
Wishing you the best in wrapping up your finals! Hope everyone has a great spring break!
damn some shady ass shit i dont even know what to think or where i fucked up fuck it ima let it be
RBI double by Alvin's Nate Lyons makes it 6-4 in the bottom of the 7th. Pitching change for Paris
but then you might die and that would suck.
hell yeah! Get that red carpet!!!
CUPCAKE CHAMPIONS! \m/
Think I'm going to have a drink then go to bed. Have another long day a head of me tomorrow... *sigh*
Good song, good band nice RT : #np breaking benjamin - the diary of jane
get some lunch?
Sad, but you speak the truth. Wish he would lose.
I was plannin on seeing and to all play tonight to get ideas for my song and now i cant because of the rain
Russell Wilson getting love from Gruden, gotta love it
10 days left in charity auction. Golf with Samuel Jackson...visit www.CharityBuzz.com
Great 8-miler Liz! Rockin' pace too! Good job!
Happy Mother's Day! What are you getting your mother? Flowers? Brunch? Let's honor all Moms--Creators of our lives!
Why you gotta jinx my NYG pick? NO and NE seem ok, but division games scare me. Back to drawing board.
Awesome! Any questions?
It wont change anythin
lol girl you know i be playing :-)
In Westerns you were permitted to kiss your horse but never your girl. Gary Cooper.
Desperate RT : If you miss him/her 3.5 min after they leave your side...your hella
Come out to and have some #free and listen to Jeff Bridges New Album!
same here:/
um I don't... But some do
I am dying laughing at this group chat between and xD x Love you two hhahahahah xD
I think your picture makes you look like a Terminator.
I fucked up my stocking for x-mas
If facebook ever shut down you'd see ppl roaming the streets shoving pictures in peoples faces screaming "Do you like this?! DO YOU?!" O_O
that means that 2 of the 3 major oil importers will face economic contraction thus demand less oil, so prices are coming down.
enough is enough
love you too babe! (:
send it to.the inbox bro..
hahahahah eeeew my butrhole is not the size of s car wheel ! Christian my butthole isn't like yours ok?
Colorado #Avalanche dynamic forward now tweeting.
please follow me-i am a huge fan
lol you're not
Ok #NBA refs, the are up 20pts over the late in the 4th, you no longer need to keep giving them favorable calls.
We need to get jg recorded today
kameron loe on inactive list for grandfathers funeral.
I think I'll spend the weekend hanging out in multiplex lobbies asking nerds why Batman wasn't in The Avengers.
i didnt get anything
isn't it a little early for bourbon?
"I ain't got time for a mofuckn penis, getting dirty money pockets just like in our dreams bitch."
Took the day off to work on music. Hyped as hell to be on the Paid Dues show. Finished Press Kit/Bio this morning.
We hope you convince her to take you!
Wishing everyone a safe and peaceful weekend as we remember the 10th anniversary of
Check us out on Facebook! #RT www.facebook.com/luxcreative like is, and we will like ya back!!
Yeah, you may talk to me, make me laugh, and say the sweetest things. But how many others girls do you do that to?
Thanks to and Shannon for an awesome dinner and even better conversation
You didn't wait for me to answer...NO RT : Want to know how me and many others became our own boss and made 6k a month...
A perfect example of what I find annoying about the Newbury Street mentality. Ridiculous.
I need an escape strategy from work. Ready..... GO!
RT : Hitting the town this weekend? Support your local independent restaurants, bars, cafes & pubs.
#WIUNION ..Who would trust anything a financial journal has to say?
Nolan's INCEPTION was amazing! A must see!!! Great acting, gorgeous effects and unparallelled storytelling - can't wait to see it again.
Baby boy you can't even keep up come on now .
thats the one...Aveeno. That will help balance out the yeast. Are u using any new laundry products or off brand products??
whats up bud? Ive been real good thanks
Getting my jQuery learnin' on at the end of
Its said when u enjoy hanging out with liberty and lib north debaters, more than your own squad.
Lol people seem so surprised that it actually rains in Florida. In the summer, there are daily thunderstorms... Not-so-Sunshine State, ahah.
Same here buddy! RT that's awesome!!!!!!! Wouldn't mind seeing that car in VL :)
Thanks guys for the up-to-the-second coverage of the #MPSE Golden Reel Awards! May 2012 continue to be fruitful for you all!
Baltimore Twestival have a new sponsor! Thanks to our friends for their generous donation.
Me too, you know how to make pancakes? :P
Last night
Spoil that sweet wife of yours today!! ;)
Being single for nearly 10 months, its torture
Thanks! I'm so *excited* to get it over with!
It ends with me buying 10 people on a bus McDonald's. You be the judge.
In this class I just realized now just how dirty i was done by somebody
I do:D
#Hannan to #America via #LPR2011 - I am living in your euro-socialism future -- you won't like it - take it from me.
Thanks for the mention back at you
Going to bed?
I am excited for the day I can wake up and make a healthy breakfast and watch morning talk shows
Have to say I'm really into the fact that letters of rec to Texas A&M are uploaded through something called the "Howdy! Portal"
MT : Over 700 educators from over 70 countries are coming together to celebrate innovative education via tech.
im out of town, too bad :(
Tonight's RockBand Drink: Pink's X-Rated Cocktail w/ Stoli Citrus and X-Rated Liqueur over ice topped w/ strawberry soda! Just like a pill!
#ICan'tStandPeople that ask for my advice and then don't even take it -_-
I guess you can call him.... Nomore Ghaddafi now.
Citywide, 547 properties sold during the first three months of the year, up 12% from the same time a year ago
I know but that just means that I can spend more time with you =)
I was living there this past summer
It's a caricature I'd rather not be associated with.
Presentations need to be more like rock concerts
Great, now my dad is in the ER. Just goes from bad to worse.
What a gorgeous night. What flavor is everyone enjoying?
yeah probably not.
sick movie..last hour of it is insane
Did you make it?
Just seen paranormal activity 3 last night it was okay but not that scary to me maybe you other scary suckas might get scared but not me...
Ew tomorrows Monday.
IKR can't it just come out already!! Do you watch any other tv shows or hanging out to see any movies?
Happy Eid to our Muslim students! Have a fantastic holiday!!!
1. Does eating 3 slices a day reduce it? 2. Is pancreatic cancer one of the bad or good ones? 3. Can I sign up for next study?
is it a testing day or a common event, Coach? If you don't mind me asking...
Im tired.. idgaf about the bull anymore I'm done !
I am so proud of you! <3
I love you lord jesus, thank you for this life of hell.
Baked Egg Rolls Recipe
RT I just started poppin it for and look back and tell him Baby it's real <<< LOLL AYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYEEE!!!
Nice swing, Donnie
RT : Thinking of all my friends who are doing #NaNoWriMo this year, and hopefully validating your word counts! Congradulations
you are right, I wouldn't want to fall in the water while im reading.
For all you #QuickBook users, the integration with Xactly will be available at the end of the month!
Bring it on down to Omeville!
Oh there's lightning and thunder outside! I love these storms... considering a bike ride. I wonder how bad of an idea it is...
thank you, love!<U+2665>
#ff , Hands down some of the best actor training in LA. Check 'em out!
I hate when I think I lost my phone and it turns out it was in my pants pocket the whole time #stupidity :P
Actually, don't worry about keeping people away. My police department does a great job of scaring people already.
no problem yo how are you
is empowering girls and impacting women at 6th Annual GirlTalk Conference in Anacostia, Washington, DC
Thanks to the sun powered Blue Farm Tortilla Chip farmer for the 35,151 kWh of emission free energy. Keep up the good work
FOLLOWED ME!!!!!!!!!!! *BAWLING MY EYES OUT* ... THANK YOU SO MUCH CODY!
My refrigerator is full of food I don't like.
Don't forget to join Las Hermanas at Health & Minority Youth today at 6:30PM in Marvin 402!!
Hubbard bound.....Aye
Drayton describes Jill Vialet's work promoting play as pathway to empathy. Tip America to create everyone a changemaker world.
Do I have inner anger just because I say, "crap" every once in a while and refer some people as "creeps?". CRAP!!!
Im so used to reacting,now when im upset,sad,or even excited i pray 1st then move
So many times I forget to turn off when I leave the room. Pretty sure my mind thinks there's a soundtrack playing to my life
I thought it was hilarious. Plus, I can't stand the Palin's so...
i totally meant though not thought.
WARNING: #Tebow may cause premature newsification "Jeremy Lin and Tim Tebow, two best bounce passers now in the same city"
Up there with USA v Algeria in the WC. But this had 30+ years of history and cross town rivals. Amazing.
Giving this race a grade of "P-U". Blech!
Y'all twitcon is too cute!!
UNC Bears lost the SDSU today. Congrats Bears for making it to the tourney! Us Alumni are proud.
Live jazz w/ The Interval Trio & friends #TONIGHT 1st set @ 9 PM
Broadcasting LIVE three hours of tech, progressive and house from Miami Beach, FL only on www.danceradio.ca and www.radio4by4.com .
Wow and have the exact same tweets sharing the exact same stories this am.
One of my friends just got hit by a car right in front of me...devastated
Niggaz just don't take NO for an answer...sorry
#Giggs signs one year extension! Only player to have scored every season since the #PremierLeague started in 92.
Get to watch the again today with it being an ESPN game. They should play teams from TX or ESPN games more often! Love watching them!
I went the whole day without my phone!
thank you! i was able to watch it right on twitter. that was beautiful. it was like listening to poetry. needed that tonight.
chill it's a joke lol and it says in ur ticket...
Packaging for "New Spirits" designed by almost finished as we inch closer to the theatrical run. Excited in our bones.
The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be taken seriously.
Congratulations Katherine Toms, winner of yesterdays game score challenge! Thanks to everyone who participated- what a high scoring game!
Each day comes with 86,400 seconds. Tick tock.
Baby girl will b here in July yay
Good News! RT : Share alumni scoop using #lcclassnotes & we'll get it in the Chronicle and elsewhere!
Hoqw the hell did I end up at the alderwood mall?
IT i meant IT omg ahhahaha
Victor Cruz needs to teach Salsa dancing at
honored & humbled to be at an amazing center for higher culinary education CIA greystone this week
Damn shawty you be subtweeting bout a nigga hard AF on these trending topics lol !
Thank you. :)
Feels like crying.
30 is the new 20, right?!
Our care should not be to have lived long as to have lived enough
Our says the game will come on Sunday but the lives that have changed as result of #SB46 legacy project will live on forever!
Awesome! You rock! See you guys on June 29th!
we are so there. miss you too. awesome.
you say...hey!! Watch the language around my kids!
late night gym sesh? i think yes.
Trying with you after you don't give a Fuck, yup i'm
#BlueRock #Studio went old school yesterday..prehistoric actually! The #Geico #Caveman made an appearance in the studio yesterday!
I love smiling. Smiling's my favorite.
I think these bitches are delusional!!! I'm starting to keep my distant, walking contradictions SMH. I love my Bestie though <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Whoa! A ref call in Saints favor?!?
The first think i'm going to do when I meet is hug him (:
If you'd like to be added to our "automotive" or "green" lists, let us know, just in case we don't catch up with everyone. Thanks.
Did you know that Mexico City is #shrinking by 4inches (10cm) a year?
I need to buy a graduation dress online but I keep freaking out and not buying because I'm worried I will look like a hooker...
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> cracking up like a fool!
This dude is a douche he deserves everything he gets..
please follow me Megan. U sing amazing. :)
Enjoying the earthquake song selection on JackFM. Listening to We Will Rock You, All Shook Up, and It's the End of the World as We Know it.
I want Taco Bueno !!
Tony larussa looks like an owl
coolin' bro! How's everything in Naija?
you are so talented i wish you can come see me in chicago plz follow me back
The Wartime Escape of Stephanie Marks - 2/28 2pm @ Main Library- learn about a local Holocaust survivor's daring flight across Europe!
Tim recommends setting Auto Save to 1 minute. Seems like overkill, unless you really need the info.
I miss working with you
Marshmellow fluff is in a plastic container not a plastic jar anymore,fml.
Discussing competence in the O&G industry with some of the top global competence professionals #O&G
Mesa made music in the buildin!
hahahha yeah I do alot LDBFS and rubbed off on u on who?
Hate having visions of my dad in that casket <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
If you keep twatting about the Twins, I'm going to stop following you
Wasn't that a Captain & Tennile song? "Bacon will keep us together"
At Christmas, all roads lead home.
RT It's time to STRETCH! Get up and move! It's a great way to break up the day and to get some exercise in!
Ok, that's all I can do. 78,162 pre-edit. I'm rarely one to need cuts - on the contrary, I often need to add more. To the editor it shall go
Blazers climbing in the west. It will prob go down till the final game of the season to see what spot but they should end up around 4 or 5th
Startup Showcase about to begin here at TSRB! Directly across the street from the hotel. Come check these awesome companies!
I Hate That I Have Asthma!
Received a strange message from you, hacked?
Hey sweet Charlie, I'm working on it Liver lips!
Thanks to all my new followers! <3
no official word yet :)
I admit it. Sometimes baby carrots & applesauce are the best I can do to cover the fruit & veg part of dinner.
My head hurt im not tryna run
Ilegales sold out again!!
If I lose you I'm afraid I'll lose who I gave my love to
#ifollow those who
Ah When the drums are just right..... my heart soars :D Hans Zimmer is doin it for me
I'm not as strong ad peoples think. Everytime I close my eyes I think of u papa and makes my tears never ending. Y did u have to leave us..
you said Garcia....i gotta save this tweet!
RT : Seems like twitter #TT just don't be poppin like they used to
Pirates leave them loaded & hope a one-run lead will hold.
Sudan: Avoidable New War Songs
At least there was some scoring and a down to the wire finish in the IU/EKU game. Still holdin ou hope for the Smurfs and Fowl
So what's up everyone? Somebody dm me I'm boted
that was a dirty trick bieber.
SUPER HOTNESS
I called the #Bruins with the Game 7 win but the later the game goes can u imagine if Wideman came back to haunt the fans that hated him!!
My favorites should go and follow
Hot mess in a bottle!
Vegas this weekend! Should be fun.
just a sec, unfortch - have meetings in DC tmw and flew out a day early just to see fam. Hopin for a more serious return in July!
True, but it was 78-75 when I wrote that, and I said "would," not "is."
you know, it was the first movie I've seen in a while that really was as good as the book.
damn 140 characters. Don't worry I got you. right now, right now, would you be willing to give it all up right now! (ray voice haha)
Np-A zip and a double cup
Installed Mac #OS X Lion last night; not really digging Mission Control. Snow Leopard's grid layout was perfect for coding... gotta go back
The #NRA #GOP #ALEC pushing guns into our people's lives reminds me of when the Brits shoved Opium down Chinese' throats.
WOWZERS, this weather is mint! BIG week this week! #MarchMadness #StPats2012 #IonaHoops Tonight #NYKnicks vs Bulls Half price Happy
LOL!! I just want to know which tech they were using to be so prompt w/the follow!?
Yeah, we have to find way to break the connection between digitization and deaccessioning of public domain library materials
my son?! You haven't seen him do his thing. Trust my boy can do the damn thang!
Sat evening/night then coming back for Ashley graduation Sun
And we defiantly need fun in our lives.
going to start a nudist colony, bye world
nice! Where are you interning?
So my body likes to wake up at 4am & go to sleep at 8pm. This does not agree with fiance's schedule...
Horrible news about Joba Chamberlain. Don't have to be #Yankees fan to feel awful for him and family. Feel worst for 5-year-old witness.
thanks to you & Matt for the beautiful card,
Yay! Ghost Boyfriend or Witch Girlfriend?
merry xmas ana, may ur day b joyful and blessed!
Battleship look tight lowkey
What's the most enthralling interactive web site you've ever seen?
I just found a brand #new #Debt #Settlement #Program that is 100% #FTC Compliant ! DM me for the next webinar time spots, they fill up fast
Kinda having FML moment......drained mentally physically and emotionally.
1st tweet from Tweed. Not sure why I don't use Twitter on mobile web, but I like it.
Smart move.
If I'm going to have this end of the school year rave I need to start planning
Make it happen.
I love you! <33
I'll make him love again<3
yeah I'd def never go infantry ! Lol
well, my panel didn't get into AHA, so that makes two of us who won't be presenting there
So tired....need sleep.... Damn sex class. Fuck
Hey, I've got 2 stellar.io invites... Holla if you want one.
Back to this studying..-____-
Naw, he's black
Next year's on its way real quick. TV channels I'll still click. But now I'll be raising my heartrate. A healthy lifestyle shall dictate.
Super stoked to be attending Veterans Writing Retreat this weekend!
Stockholm syndrome happens in relationships too
it says there are no updates available...oh.
lol I sent that one days ago. How's #djing?
call me im bored as hell 6317640140
I'm in Middletown!!
Any one with a iPhone having trouble with yahoo mail today?
I worry to damn much..
College bball!! Oh yeah!
But Château Lafite Rothschild is not closed so I'll be seeing them soon. Always a great place and a great wine!
I need a social mentor and a business mentor..
all I want is a pizza and a cuddle buddy
I got bieber fever, I am a believer and I love Justin bieber <33 RT if you agree ? Follow{:
If she will give her virginity up for a Justin Beiber ticket, she's too young for you bro.
Viola made us cry
back in business!
maybe thursday/Friday?
Happy Belated Birthday Twinkie!
I get there at 7, gets there after 9.
A man is never more truthful than when he acknowledges himself a duck. ~ Duck Twain
i need food beer food beer n everything that includes grand theft auto n chillin.
U need mental help if u expect me to cuff
I will be consolidating my Twitter accounts soon. Please follow me on my main account ZTAMS.
Expecting the world to treat you fairly is like expecting the bull not to charge because you're a vegetarian.
Get the latest hair dos/looks of your favorite stars! #Oakland 510 8321100 $75 Sewin #weave #braids #hairsalons 1738 Telegraph
nice ! What a punk -__-
be careful megabus drivers like to party. "MegaBus Driver Charged With Repeat DUI While On Duty" dlvr.it/s31dn
I've seen camo trucks, camo tshirts and even a camp prom dress, but that camo mini van well that was a first.
does it bring all the boys to the yard?
Watch out, Sean Michael Boozer steals lines. Sorry,
#OpenProblem: figuring out how to an institution of higher learning should deal with (perhaps rampant) academic dishonesty
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Love it. So addicting" by Veronica
Huge announcement at midnight!
Desperate Housewives is the most confusing show ever but i love it, omg.
I love it!! See someone else is stealing our ideas!!
S/O to everyone that held my head last night when I broke down #bruhs #hearts #friends I love all yall
If you spend all your money on yourselves tithe no portion of it for charities,colleges, churches, civic causes, your children won't either
I'll be back soon. But then I have to type an essay.
Shout Out to....... Go follow her she is amazingg!<3
Please should be sent off every game,he is a moron": Barton got sent off on purpose so his old team would win the league"
I envy people who look forward to writing. I already miss the students.....
S/o to my new follower>>> follow & gain...
Emma Watson Gets Wild New Bad-Girl Makeover
Sundays in may...
I have a nose for it Wally.
I saw Marvin Hamlisch play "The Way We Were" and "One" IN PERSON yesterday. If the Lord wanted to take me now, I'd understand.
Enjoy! How was comedy debut?
is looking for a torrent of etude aux casseroles by Pierre Schaeffer with no success thus far, g'dammnit.
shannon was a babe I got pissed when they killed her off
GOOD YOUNGGRASS HOPPER.
this is a true statement
its awesome. Means a lot!
to ur 'look' riddle.. My 1st thought was Chuck Norris. 2nd: Darkness. 3rd: Death 4th: DREAM. Last one seems most fitting.
#SometimesIGetSickOf Trap Music
Be jealous cause I'm watching football w/ Dallas!C: go Dallas Cowboys right?!{;<3
small home business ideas
BUILD clergy mtg begins with Yom HaShoah - Holocaust remembrance day. We recommit ourselves to opposing evil and working 4 good
respect should always be one of the main factors
There has to be a song in there somewhere.
thts just the dudes you attracted to tht think like tht
Welcome my friend Friday. So nice to see you.
If my days of the week had a soundtrack I would definitely select Rebecca Black for Friday, she has forever inspired to get down on Friday
Right back at ya!
Now just chillin at home with my friend Nikki watching
Another long night ....
Don't take my Kindness for Weakness!..
Its been a long day! Going to bed. Goodnight (:
Health Robotics Wins Public Tender at National Cancer Institute of Milan, Defeating Former Partner Loccioni
its my birthdayy! woo :)
"I'm not #crying. You smell like onions." -
what up berlin... later for now chi-town... see you soon Jenny boo and and my matty boo
I need more followers...haha (: I wish I could get a follow back from
#ndpl bound. Looking forward to the next two days.
Be sure to pick ip the May/June 2011 issie of Detroit Black Pages newspaper to hear some useful insight from Kurt Metzger.
So fucking mad my hand shaking
Johnson is an average fighter. Struggled in Strikeforce. He is on a nice two win streak though.
"My episode of My Strange Addiction airs in late June, and my episode of Hoarders airs in early August."
Somebody told me i fell off o i needed that.
Congrats ! I look forward to reading '100 Things #Lions Fans Should Know and Do Before They Die' for Triumph Books
Looking forward to having you come by this evening! Hope you are enjoying Baltimore!
Eco: humor is a medicine against hatred
Good Morning Beauties! Inner Quote: Laughter is a powerful way to tap positive emotions.-Norman Cousins Enjoy your day!
reports #BetterLivingThroughChemistry will be filming in #Annapolis, #Maryland today at #GalwayBay on #Maryland Avenue
I was going to suggest pairing Miller and Holmes, but couldn't think of a 3rd equally hi-energy dude. Good job reading my mind.
Daugher is impersonating an evil step-mother yelling, "Hurry! Don't be lazy!" I need to reevaluate my parenting skills cause that's my line.
Commission is back in session instructing line drawers for Congressional districts.
In the money... 12 players left in Omaha 8 or better :)
Business is ultimately a math problem. Don't loose sight of that fact.
Successful morning so far :)
“: here's to the kids who drive illegally.” S/O to
I feel so bad right now. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Biz partner wants me to talk about online video at a publishing seminar in Hawaii. Birth of our baby wins though. no hula for me. =/
I don't wanna be a whore, i wanna be your whore ahahahah oh good ole'
I'm going to buy the
Two Teisco pickups on the way for The Norma Project....
If you don't own Can You Still Feel by Jason Falkner, you need to get on that.
thank you lovies!!!
Shout out Rt?
NBA has is enough say so that they back WNBA because threatened the TV networks $$$$$ talks
What will happen when Ricky finds out why Phyllis and Christine don't like each other?
one way to stay happy is knowing when to say "fuck this"
I'll take a rooster any day over a peacock.
Thanks Jen!! Us too.
worst.movie.ever
Our website will soon be going interractive..... We are looking for avid Saints fans that blog! DM me if interested.
Hilar is not a word. When people dont spell shit it makes you look dumb
My favorite aunt is a nurse! Happy Nurse's Week to all the fabulous nurses who take care of us every day! xx
got it
So glad you asked! I'm working on this right now. Let me try to drum up some good examples at tweet back at ya this week.
yes, it was Ben Stiller
Making Christmas Candy all day with mi familia <U+E022><U+E033>
Glad you're on the follow. Rock out this week!
No one has a right to sit down and feel hopeless. There is too much work to do.-Dorothy Day
Prepping for my history classes, next up: Appeasement before WWII & the Scottsboro Trials!
Cinco de Mayo. In America we'll show our ignorance of culture by getting wasted. Good work Americans!
Just read: War, Parasite Rex, Psychopath Test, Bossypants. Thesis: the world is full of bad shit. Also, Tina Fey is funny.
Enjoying the possibilites of this beautiful new year. . .
TGIF! Free wknd to watch as many movies as i like! Yes!!!
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger ! (:
Just spent 5 mins trying to identify the Photoshop layer with the stray pixel before realizing that my monitor is just dirty.
RT : was a blast. Priate exhibit was engaging and educational. SO much 2C! Need days to explore
Is there a national swweat pants day. Well it is at my school lml
"Nothing great in the world has ever been accomplished without passion." - Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
Milwaukee! I am in you. (Your airport, anyway. [For an hour at most. {But still.}])
"Foxheads Stalk this Land" also got "What is there to Smile About" it's great stuff!
i wish you patience and hope love conquers all
Lindsey should have won but I think it's going to be Mann or Juliet
well lamitria is still there but we also have Ray now too :))
that's what i had for my breakfast!
No? RT : Does any team flop/wine/cry to the refs as much as the Clippers?
Thanks John. That means a lot to all of us.
i was, it was that jah article that I called the writer self promoting ayers said he used him as a source so it was good
haha i just had a mini spaz lookin at greyson with a beard
At a good talk on the intersection of info tech and humanities by WIDE researchers from Michigan State
The writer of Proverbs observed that sharp people sharpen one another, like iron sharpens iron. To be a Sharp Thnker, be around Sharp people
I wonder if Wellington ever found out that Alexandria died. If they didn't then that's okay I guess.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR AL YOUR HELP!!!!! First night in the new apt with :)
My phone is really upsetting me rite
Any suggestions for dinner in #Chicago?
linda's the same way - must be a Doane thing.
depends on if there is a cymbals solo.
hands down absolute best part of my day is seeing james for lunch, even if for only 15 minutes
Damn, they even have Drake's 1500 on draft at Mr. Pickles now. Go go!
I probably bought you your first beer..
i can share with you any kind of topics if you want!!!!
Admit it, we've all Googled ourselves at one point in our lives.<U+2665>
Once again, THAT SPINEBUSTER
yea i followed him from the beginning and he noticed me right away and we like started talking kinda lol
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 369
And it looks like my Scrivener project for my paper on .hack//Infection has been corrupted.
Check us out on the web @ www.rx2you.com We are a Patient Assistance Program and are here to lend a helping hand to those in need
A bounce is defined as a visit involving only one pageview
With this weather you better be OUTinCHI!
(I say that with love.)
always a pleasure discussing hockey and trains with you
i still want a white iphone...
Have you checked out www.sacvalleyheat.com yet? Now is the time...........
We're playing in a local music showcase at Fitzgerald's off the Oak Park Blue Line tomorrow night at 11! (insert witticisms here.)
Tweeting like calastetics
That awkward moment when you're at the store, you look at a text & reply it in 5 seconds... & BAAAAAM you lost your mom. >_<
man all the cameras are banana's, plus the waitress hate me, hope she don't spit in my sammich.
Thanks, man! Welcome to my bachelorette life.
Number of Gibson guitars available for purchase
Crabman in a zombie film ! Hell yeah!
have they said forsure?
Yo Seth when will you be there and how long? I'll be visiting early November. Wouldn't mind watch/playing some
How can I have an unread sent e-mail in my sent e-mails folder?
My co worker tryna fight her sleep lol
you're welcome! Thank you and hope you got what you needed.
Came out to see the founders at their
Why are all these tweets so relevant!? :O
it's all part of the mystery.
man I wish I had what you and Tyler have cause you could write a book on you guys lol
hello! I don't know about you, but I'm still tryin to catch up on z......
you and me both. “: Man, I used to love Ambulance LTD”
sometimes I read people tweets and all I do is shake my head....
I Support The Single Moms.
#bet if i went on 106th and park i'd kill it.....
As one of the 15.6% who voted in #DCision12 yesterday, I want to thank & for updates on all races. Appreciate it
ya twitter not your thing
Super honored to have you following us!
when dat nigga was doing my butterflys he went to far up on the middle yall cat notice it tho i would have to bend over
My friend just asked me Karina do u speak Mexican? Me: no stupid I speak Spanish.. Lol she was so confused lmao
iLove you your soo cute but sadly im 13 and your 11 you and the boyz all are amazing take care (: follow me please
#FF Throw on chicken on the bone, vegetables in Aluminum wrapper w/butter, corn on Cobb and wrap potato in foil 2!
hi everyone. just signed up for twitter. im a poker coach, player, and a poker dealer in las vegas nv. sin City bay bay
I'm one of the few, the proud, the stuck on the ramp in a turboprop crowd.
Ms. Hughes what page 15 on? ..nevermind i'll find it.
Hey now. That's pretty insulting to the rest of the universe ha.
I agree with you but when you have been hearing one thing for 14 months you don't expect something like that to happen either.
RT : bro your so raw!
The Bourbon Dynasty - Girl in the Checkout Line
haha did she see you ?
Where in Seattle will you be?
I can't remember the 3rd dream...
A2 #NUTS, of COURSE!! Also a big fan of #Foodiechats, #TNI &
I love when a stroke of genius hits, which is why I carry a notebook. Don't think you will remember your initial thoughts or emotions.
-Y do wen ppl tell sum one sum it cum out n tell another person dat how it be-!!
"Social media helps annoying people to become even more annoying than before." ~ at
InstaGram makes everything look better I swear lol
It really did!
Not a fan of the "Here's my paper, when can I get my grade & detailed comments?" all-in-the-same-sentence email.Makes me want to slap hands.
Terrible call right there. Bulls in the bonus.
No tweeting in bed. Leaves crumbs.
It was great seeing you too!!
Highlands Ranch.
I'LL CUT YOU FOO CUT YOU
That's pretty cool. Lots of applications for that tech I could see for online shopping. Thanks for passing that along.
Guess those knees are all better. The way you guys fall for that crap every year is pathetic
realest talk!
Gearing up for the first of Quick and Dirty Musicals shoot tomorrow
I knew about the script, but I didn't know about the contest! Thanks for the heads up! SO GREAT! :)
Getting ready for the shows in Vegas this weekend!! Hope to see you there!
hello everyone! :D
# aww thanks for the shotout that was very nice of you :)
Looking forward to hearing your good news tomorrow.
": what time do you workout?"- normally around 8pm when im just getting finished with work
Awesome! Thanks for including us! :)
The Giant Mechanical Man opens A romance develops between Janice, a woman in her 30's who has yet to learn how to navigate adulthood, and
100 day innovation challenge.
Thanks so much for everyones support. Nicki and Logan have been working hard on this the last few months and your support means the world.
I'm going to stalk him... Ahem " reach out" to him for a pint :)
We agree, that would be nice, literary danger and all.
The only *real* problem with NYC is an astonishing lack of Taco Bells.
Thank you
Looks like we're meeting Indiana in CATlanta! YEE
just got back from the mall with my girl
I am in love with 's tweets :)<33
customer walks up: "you have the most gorgeous eyes!" funny how one compliment can make the day better :)
LOL Girl it came on crackin too... thought dey was finna get freaky then her nigga get stabbed while they in the shower O_o
Oh, I did not look like that! Haha
congrats! Where are you headed?
RT : mary J. Blige she sampled "spend the night for her song "love is all we need" and didn't rj write "share...
glad you joined us for
“: Tomorrow we kick off Season Number 9! Thanks for all the love - it is mutual!" see you in the morning!
Eureka, season 4, watch instant!
Thanks for showing me and "Cowgirls N' Angels" the love!
Why is every speech at a wedding never about the bride and groom and always about the person speaking - which no one gives a shit about?
Thanks for the shout out about the event this evening. will do a great job!
im glad you find me funny!
I was 4yrs old when the #LAriots happened in my hometown of South Central.
Please join us this week - #DesignBizChat Wed. 5/9 10 am ET -All about Working on a Collaborative Team - dos/don'ts, upsides, downsides
You don't build up a brand and them tear it down on your first success. BC IS going to have another job, correct?
true. Its a hard subject since respect means something diffrnt to every1. Equality is static so maybe the word is easier 2 use.
I miss the calming sound of ou eating all day.. its like white noise
I just needa be straight forward with I need to say but I don't want to end it with 2 broken hearts.
Why get 3/4 of a lb of meat from the market man go the distance and get the lb!
JackHandey lives! RT Whenever ever someone rolls their eyes at me, I scoop them up and run away as fast as I can. Hey, free eyes.
Just left parent/teacher conf beaming. I could talk about my kids for a week straight to anyone that would listen.
"Let's begin this show by starting it."
aw love you and so much! Have a fabulous day in Chicago today!!! See you both soon!!
"No Roc Nation, No Good Music... Still I manage to rock the nation with good music"
No problem!
Always end the name of your child with a vowel, so that when you yell the name will carry. ~ Bill Cosby
Open house in August, everyone is invited
Tip: "use free and local resources such as the Foundation Center in SF"
so i wanna see a pic of you with straight hair js
I think I'm with Pat...veteran depth...good argument....good in locker room can never be overestimated
HELL YES I AM! Who are you, internet stranger?
Horrible day in school. Got f in maths
This is weird but I love having a busy schedule because I'm never bored.
LOVED IT !! It was amazing!!!! <333
Some things are just ment to be kept to yourself.
: Get amazing sushi without paying for it! 50% off select appetizers and sushi from 5-7pm till Friday! Best sushi in the city!
Stayed tuned to find out what happenes on the next episode of "Stalker: Texas Stranger."
I need as many sponsorships as I can get!!! Miss Manhattan Beach for Miss California USA!!!
wow ur so cynical
Squished animals always make me sad :(
Well thanks very much for the #ff !
Heading to Texas Spirit to see "You Hurt My Feelings" by Steve Collins.
C'mon #RENO! Last show of the tour tonight at St. James Infirmary w/
On fall break but not having fun:(
FOLLOWING SPREE!!!!!!!!!!! WHO WANTS A FOLLOW FROM ROMO? meow
A Non-Cinco De Mayo Find - Tonight at 7p - #MayweatherCoto Fight Party - $5 Cover
The difference between me and you. I just want you to be happy. You'd rather me be alone and feel like crap
Sad day for the city of Peabody and the Rice family. RIP FF Rice
i wanna be followed!!!! fo sure!!!! <3
Woohoo! RT working on filling out my application to study at in February.
wait.....are you talking about POTUS or one of the GOP candidates? :)
Best hitter on Giants squad= "pitcher" awesome
Drinking a café mocha from Make Your Mark Artspace & Coffeehouse in Point Breeze.
its a cold cold cold world
Actually, men have been raped in uniform longer than women have been allowed to serve. Recent MST hearings cast a harsh light.
I've finally found my passion: not doing laundry.
I respect that awesome tan in your profile pic. I'm guessing you didn't get that in Seattle?
Smart pussies or Totally retarded pussies?
yesterday was to funny though
RT : I think my beloved phone was dropped on its head a few times when it was a baby rotary phone.
Needed Orphaned Crochet DoiliesMark Lipinski39s Blog - doilies
Hi there.
All the ones before told they loved you, But I'm telling you, I really fuckin love you girl!
Just saw the funniest thing. Some guy driving a convertible mini with his big golden lab in back seat. Too funny
holly crap this dude is adorable but anyway everyone go follow him !!
dom :) guess what?! I won my first break dance battle today! :D lol just wanted to share
So, that ain't goin' up on the NCAA website. FINE.
love songs make me feel in love & sad songs make me feel sad and they all make me think only about you!?!?!?....hm
Happy Brithday John Tyler, 10th US President.
im alone here :( i have many friend but they are dont have twitter :( cant wait for this one will ma bestfriend :-0 X P
I was hoping for #vipnacac, but #yapc will do. ;)
Each year, there's less ice, and now, the Northwest Passage - the very same pathway traversed by dog sled in 1921 - is open to shipping.
You should be.
"Horizon is expressly “exempt from all statutes & rules relating to schools, governing boards & school districts"
Twitter keeps me entertained at times..
Mama Chick just finished teaching to Curtis & Luckeys "Eye Candy" at UCWDC Worlds. Great job to an awesome song....
Hello and thanks! W: grow egginabox.com: project to give unused takeout food to hungry people. O: distribution #W/O
Hand model casting!
RT To 5 of the greatest friends, teammates, and basketball players I've ever been a part of. we had a great run.
Recharged my geek batteries at #sqlsaturday SD today.
Eating Jamaican food!!
Wait what happened with Rapada I left the room??
im stoked <3 can't wait
Hey ! What's up with your WIFI! Don't you know I have to figure out pinterest "pin it" for !!
You have no idea how hard it is to make a yearbook in 6 months, nor do you have the authority to critique it. So, shut up with your comments
Is that the show with the guy from Firefly?
Yes, I don't know about "working profile" butwe do have a google place setup as well. Nice meet'n U 2!
Today the bus was playing The dead kenedys!
Have fun!
i know but it feels like its soo soon though
Waiting for Scott to get here then we're watching the game!
I want to swing by on Sunday though and get Max all ID'd up :)
#AppleBlossom2012 :: #NuffSaid --> Must rage this weekend...
Been grown for a long time now. :) RT : You grow up the day you have your first real laugh, at yourself. ~Ethel Barrymore
You look Russian???? Maybe.
On You Tube thats Alex in the brown t shirt
hey Sarah! I'm not sure what you're going through just #StayStrong You have inspired so many including me. Thank you so much.
Mother's Day is May 13th! Don't forget to do something special for mom!
What's up Anthony-thanks for checking out the TWC video! Hope all is well
Well just got back from the movies :D gotta say Dark Shadows wins my vote for one of my favorite movies I can say I wanna see it again i ...
Welcome to the twitter bandwagon!
thank you so much for coming.
Oh my gosh. Totally forgot about the time change. I'm going to be late for yoga!
The holidays are here! I'm thinkin everyone is going to need a lil Lush Confections for parties/gifts this year!
Favre.. Please come back..
super fun
"Aye Guhh" was never a effective way to get a girls attention.
Suggestion –Seventh, ask them how they are doing and put your hand to your ear so that they will respond verbally.
Welcome to twitter! We LOVE these! Def try them out!
lame! I know someone that would chew gum while singing onstage. Btw, we started Sean T insanity yesterday...
When people complain about being cold after practice<
Naturally. :) Look forward to following #Equity11!
good night people.. smile always!
I love you and nothings gonna change that.
good stuff
Love Robert Glasper's music. Not enough recognition.
Ok cool
creepers don't say hi lol
no, my fun is still good. You?
Hey Noll welcome back to the #ADD theatre, lets see a mugshot
Have you next lunch meeting at Taproom No.307
What would you do if this was your motto? "To injure no man, but to bless all mankind." Check & see what they do it w/ it & news.
Great news, 30 more case of Churchkey, $9.99 a 6pk or save 10% when you buy a case. Grab yours while you can.
Even the best theme EVAR becomes cliche when you see it in a hundred panel titles :)
I SAY FUCK YOU UNLESS IM WIT U.
thanks for tip..this is my first time and i'm trying so hard. thank you!
Thanks for the follow, Jennifer! Slow running is better than no running. :)
appreciate the kind words jonathan!
I’m still struggeling nwhich form to use in my blog
We have some amazing new flavors coming out this week! Delicious-Organic-Unique E-cig liquid. Cleanest ingredients available/ best prices!
um... nicki is really off the deep end....smh
if possible, please tweet the JC Ramirez article at us. Thanks.
Joe, Thanks for being a Razorback. I'll always remember your ability to take a big hit and your game changing returns.
#np Chris Brown - Deuces (Remix) ft. Drake
For those who have recently followed this page. Our sincerest thanks!
Before the pageant, I was finishing up my costume, brushing up on current events, & running 18 miles on aboouutt 400 calories. I WAS READY.
Jk! The bignews (already known by their fans)is that th cool LA clav rock band the Crash Kings r joining th tour. Welcome dudes!
The wonderful thing about this business are the close friends that have come from introducing them to boating. MarineMax is family fun!
Laundry, cleaning and rest for the day before my crazy 50 hour work weekend
You need to put some thought into your online personality. It's part you and part your company
I can't believe doesn't love NYC >> something about the subway car stench.
bro you and Josh went off just saying
that is funny cowards
About to go against my diet an eat dese nachos wtf well no more today I wanted a salad from noodles n co
wonderfully said!
It's fabulous Friday! which means #FF please RT and ask your followers to follow
"The sky is blue so God bless you". How many dolls remember that?
what ever you want is what is right !
Work is beyond annoying today, I can't stand the customers or employees...who's hirin? I got a degree lol
You may feel like you've lost everything, but what God leaves you with is truly what defines who you will be!
#HappyEaster 2 All My Followers... Hope You Enjoy Your Day Today.
#oomf is being missed dearly over here
Just came back from the Vanguard. Jeff Tain Watts and his band were killing!
I'm so happy #UK won #8 but its so bittersweet. Its all over & our boys are leaving. Wish you guys all the best though!
great job last night, gentlemen.
Just stood behind #Dereklowe in ATL to get brekkie. Then saw my first #Harley fanny pack. Which was weirder? Not sure.
I'm looking for effective IA education prof orgs to join that will be of importance for my PD and networking.
yeah I gt it
I feel a bit thirsty
Happy #EarthDay from #packrads in-home media!
yes if virtual memory can be made to not thrash, #cloud should be able to do it just as well...
IF YOU CAN'T YO PARTNA THE ATTENTION SOMEONE ELSE WILL
Even in the dark I'm going shine to bright
You know you are in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams(:
I do not want to get out of bed today i think im stuck lol
trying to decide if I keep banging my head against the wall to try to solve a work problem, or take off for the day & a clear head tmrw
aww! Thank you :)
I believe that may be the only thing that matters.
MALAYSIA PRESS-Malaysia's AMMB posts record profit for fifth consecutive year-Business Times
Did you turn the dorm into a magic school bus? Because I dont think he'll mind if you did that
Got back from Edwin's house :3 Now what? :P
NEW VIDEO IN 1 MINUTE!!!:D :D :D
Happy Good Friday ~ Fish and Chips- Beer Battered Cod, deep fried to a golden brown, served w/ Herb dressed Fries & Homemade Tartar Sauce
Summer summer summer time!
Have a great time! Safe trip!
10% discount on purchases for all UNM and CNM students, faculty and staff. All you have to do is present your ID!
Happy Cinco De Mayo, Bring on the tacos >.<
Phillip Phillips Phillipson moves on to the finale of Dave Matthews karaoke
I just want the first ten minutes of the movie, Drive, on perma-loop. The rest of it you can have back.
Just picked up a fabulous assortment of mini-desserts from #Simma's Bakery.
Starships by Niki Minaj just came on and it reminded me of some guy from school he is so funny
Nice! They'd be our first Aussie entry. Would love it! Make it happen, Jess!!!
unfortunately you are out numbered 'today'.
Mortgage markets are up despite Retail Sales data. Rate and fees may improve.
Happy Birthday Sarah!!
Thanks for this. Anything that tackles the confusing conceptual mess that is PsyA is helpful.
Hey, please tweet at me to remind me of next time! Want!
Know your plan AND EXECUTE. Everything else will take care of itself. Packer's talent much better! Huge game this week!
hey govwalker, so, you pass a tax cut that cost 140 million, and now you're coming for the middle class to pay up?
KUDOS to Obama's nom Jim Leach as NEH chairman! Art needs transdisciplinary direction & this administration understands art world lacks this
best song ever
Fancy Fun! I think I'm going to try to make an owl mask out of a t-shirt, paper mache and shower puffs.
This weather is crazy! It's 60 degrees at the moment and later tonight it's supposed to be 29 and snowing. Explain to me how that's possible
NY buddy You
“: Go online, got a ton of packages!”thanks Brendan I'll tell them you sent us. Now let's win a race SOON
Well that I knew. ;)
Not a Richard Perry fan, but whoa, great death penalty answer...
the SR-71 was also my favorite as a kid. Definitely still in my top 10
hell TG!! Enjoy this incredible weekend!!
follow back? :D
Hello twitter :)
All these people on Idol suck.
Thinking bout stepping out tonight
:( Yeah I know. I'm sad I missed them..I've been traveling for my 9-5 lately
I'm pretty sure I've never seen a single Pecan at the Pecan Street festival.
hey my tweet friends ..happy to announce i was just cast in modern family, shooting tomorrow
Dream Act, yes please!
This game is ugly. Steelers v Chiefs. You'd think the refs are throwing terrible towels around. Calls going in steelers favor
Pulling up awkwardly far from the drive thru window < *
Ladies, didn't get exactly what you were hoping for yesterday? We're having a sale this Tuesday, Feb. 21st! Come in & treat YOURSELF!
got my season tix to They are the real deal this year. Thad n Spencer r in beast mode.
Offer in on a listing...real estate is moving. _:)
Got some good seats to behind third base. Can't wait.
yea I knw .. Been trying all dang day
New York is great, enjoy it as much as you can! I grew up there and I miss it! I need to make some free time to visit. ^_^
that is so sweet!!!
Guess what...EVA LONGORIA IS ON EXTRA.
pretty wild to be sure!
no i wood cry
minecraft on deck
Absolutely! I am a huge #artsed advocate, and understand the long-term benefits of the arts in education. I hope they win!
"Barcamp is like Fight Club: If this is your first #barcamphbg, you *must* present. ;-)"
I wonder if people can see what circles the are in. So, can the person I put in my 'dislike' circle see that they are in that circle?
JR is still in the game,thats the knicks only problem
Clippers face uphill battle against Spurs' depth, experience
the mcdonalds commercial has good beats lol
Its not a party if pants are involved.
as soon as it's past midnight i love how twitter gets overloaded with tweets about on ! Props buddy! Let's do this!
The new ps3 slim is great!!!
your sexy.
Facebook is getting out of control like craigslist.com don't be nobody's fool people, I always look out for my FANS LOVE AND xoxoxox
"Here's the politically incorrect truth about teenage boys: Most young men will not follow a woman's leadership" David Murrow
great point about polling. example: my cell's area code is not where i live, which would thwart pollsters. but less telemarketers!
Anybody in the Painesville/440 area wanna make some money and Mike Vick some dogs for me?
Let me know how I can help!
Free tacos .. $3 coronas .. $4 margaritas w/ D Ryan 8pm
how did I not know about this show!! haven't seen them live in years!
Did you know: Dog's nose prints are as unique as a human's finger prints and can be used to accurately identify them.
THEY JUST KILLED WILL OH MY GOD NO. PLEASE TELL ME HE WAS WEARING A PROTECTIVE VEST OR SOME SHIT LIKE THAT&IS ACTUALLY ALIVE.
Everyone has to grow up eventually and only then do they realize all the mistakes they made and move on.
Healey: the judge that swore me in as an American citizen has a daughter
If It's Something Involving Someone Else "My Name Is Paul It's Between Y'all"
You're welcome! I'll do what I can!?
Your pretty !(:
Our Network of Urban Micro Aquaponic Farms will disrupt the current system and make fresh healthy food available to all.
Still looking for a hobby farm in New Hampshire. I would like to live near Dartmouth
I you haven't heard about Epidemic Chronicles film go to www.epidemicchronicles.com and order the DVD. You never see relationships the same
Incentives and competition are the keys to Medicare reform. More government bureaucracy through #IPAB won’t fix it.
Currently stopped on ramp to 66
I dont think Palmeiro ever rocked the soul patch
Bored as fuck
Yeah it close because they allow it to be but where the flagrant at
Lord bless me! In need of your favor!
A minute ago he said, "May I shoot your tippy toes, Mom?" Almost had to let him for asking so nicely!
I hate how I get nervous easy D:
I wasn't able to make the LA shows. Any cities on the east coast being added soon? Please keep making music...I need it!!
I hope your Bible study went well last night. I'm so enjoying this study! Prayers for you!
this mornings #GMA show is energetic and spirited. Love chef s dance moves. TGIF
Might have finally found a nice neighborhood saloon. Decent chance I'll become a regular.
#smwbloomberg Is Gamification the answer on how to engage and enable real user generated content?
who's down with JPP?
is AUDITIONING new voices 6/1. See fairfaxchoralsociety.org for details. Looking fwd to hearing from you!
thanx! “: Done. RT Can I ask a #FF favor? Could everyone come follow my other account ? It's better..."
*Void where prohibited (Minneapolis).
Fabulous poster sessions coming up in less than an hour
Gr8 win today!
Who here loves ?!
Creative people are curious, flexible, persistent, & independent with a tremendous spirit of adventure & a love of play.-Henri Matisse
I just got done doing that lol
Loving the warm weather!
Got me recording equipment been working on some awesome stuff. Gimme follows and shout outs!(:
this has been one #PRODUCTIVE weekend...gotta do more of these
To tell you the truth, a common cold would be welcome. Last couple times I've been sick they were infections.
Yep, my Twitter & FB feeds confirm that I'm likely the one person on the planet who hasn't seen #HungerGames yet.
Gee, everybody on Twitter adores Mindy Kaling. I must watch that show she's on.
wat it about
Tip 3: Compete for China’s talent. Many businesses expanding into China mistakenly believe they will have many employees to choose from.
Going to be a nice 93 2day. We wanna give away some free ice cream. Only 15 people away to our next winners. RT & U or UR friends might win!
Making French Onion Soup from scratch, fantastic fresh salsa, and we have Penne Carbonara on special until Sunday, get it while it's here!
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you love &
cavs NEED to re-sign gee
Robopocalypse by Daniel Wilson
just venting. I'll txt u
I have a painfully headache :c
1MillionForKevinJ and more <3 I love Kevin and as he has said many times before "I love the fans"
Twisting on Sunday(Mothers Day) For Make way for Ducklings! On the Boston Common from 10:30 Am-12 Noon!
Nice meeting you at Photo LA today!
just a heads up we retired #18 and peyton said he won't wear it wherever he goes
#ForcesOfNature Can't wait to see the new jacinto
so fun seeing you and learning alongside you!
I'm so excited the show is back...been eagerly waiting for my Dash dolls!
All these girls do is talk shit about people.
Whew! What a day...... busy, busy, but closed on the big house!
Maybe silly for now, also suggestive of scary, potential cultural shifts in terms of how ppl think about tech and making stuff
#SometimesYouHaveTo realize that u don't need to please everyone.
got your mail - chat Monday!
if happy ever after did exist, i would still be holding you like this.
Dad's cooking tonight: Cheese-puff, bacon, and egg sandwiches with double-chocolate chocolate milk on the side. Baths optional.
AH!!!!! JUSTIN BIEBER!!!!!! *FANGIRL MOMENT* HE LOOKS DELICIOUS O_O GOODBYE OVERIES.
Hear Atlanta's Marshall Chiles test his sketch-comedy chops on Baltimore's funniest #podcast, the
being at one is unreal man
Finally replacing the Nexus One with a Galaxy Nexus. Hungry for #ICS!
Working on some songs
*gets teary eyed* I MISS YOU GIROUX!!!!!!!!
Tell us your sick beat stories! we will post them!
I wanna go
RT : New Zodiac sign....Swagitarius ........ occurs 365 days of the year
that's usually a fine line, more often than not delineated by the man's physical appearance and financial resources...
where did u get that picture in your background from?
NOW broadcasting @ www.getrichradio.com our guest hosts David & Melina Montelongo Listen now and win the $1000 CASH prize!
Thanks for your support of "Food Fore Fans under $5" and I hope everyone enjoys the recipes!
O I forgot its Cinco de Mayo
My hair would look so much longer if it wasn't so dang thin.
I have a lot of long lost friends....
#WhiteSox win, #Cubs lose .... what a day
yes! my sister's going to do it for me on the 19th
Next time you're down here!!! Come back soon!!
Leadership is knowing that while hope is not a strategy, it better be in there somewhere.
hope everythings ok man
Where did y'all go?
Thx for sharing this helpful tip RT When ppl are exposed to content 6 times = 90% retention a week later
Challenge encountered: how do you ask a random stranger if they are one of the "hiking homos"
listen to the song. Light up the sky by Duncan. It makes me so happy(: Nighty night(: don't let the bed bugs bite!
Suhweet! Huge fan from Minneapolis now in Dallas! B/C of U I'm now a hardcore part of Vikings Nation!
is wanting to put a muzzle on a Co-Employee a bad thing?
let me know if you need some more recommendations!
On the brightside, i'm pretty sure my internet's back tomorrow! I can go back on tumblr, facebook, and twitter! I hate mobile versions!
Congratulations Ashley! May the best have yet to come!
Check it out in 2012. to a friend who needs everybodys help. Thank you!
thank you always!
Apple iPad2 announced: thinner, faster, lighter. Available Mar 11. Facetime; front-facing camera, cool magnetic cover/stand, new IOS 4.3
I knew my investment in Elvis action figures would eventually pay off.
RT : NEWSWIRE: Turkey Gobbles Just As Man On Hunting Trip Tells Father He's Gay
Watching the Brewers, wishing they were still winning 3-0.
Don't forget this Saturday May 12th the #cannabis freedom #march! Starting 11 am
Had a great service at champions center
It's baseball baseball baseball most of the weekend! First games start tomorrow.
Tom Brady has all the weapons he needs for another elite season
I wish there was such a thing as a microwave that makes things (#wine) instantly cold instead of hot
plz following me
Whats the hold up?!?
i love you<333
Rogue chocolate stout on the go. Housework finished. Spot of playstation then curry for dinner. Quality day off.
RT Sunday I will be a part of a very special charity golf tourn with . Can't wait Bro
I got the moves like Jagger!
cldn't Vitt just pass blame up-hill to GW like Hargrove did? make him ultimate fallguy for it?
Oh my goodness nicotine gum.
- cool! thanks for the invite!
Stoked to play this Saturday man
What is it about hometown musicians that makes us so proud? Keep fighting the good fight everyone. Never give up!
Anyone run out to today to see "the shoppes"?
Your welcome. Ok, that sounds good. I am willing to help you on your dissertation.
Depends on when you submitted. Give them a ring and see if they have updated info.
Ugh I hate it when you get woken up a couple minutes before youre alarm...GO AWAY
Driving at night...not for me
hahah the best out there!
so true! I have known some people like that.
too many fights are happening and being placed on over some shyt that happen over the computer GROW UP
UNLESS IT GETS TOO BAD
JAMAICAN FESTIVAL at YOYOGI today!! U ready?? Rastaaaafaaaaaraiiiiiiiiiiii pow
looking forward to NYC, Toronto, and Boston in the next two weeks, including working with the marvelous on February 23!
it figures
*chorus explosion*
Watching Austin City Limits. Aritst I'v never heard of before......Just got back from hearing some R& B with some friends. Music is my muse.
Do you love me? Tell me you love me.
It doesn't matter if someone joins YOUR club. It just matters that they join A club. Take them to other clubs to meet other people.
A new Below The Influence will be up next week, sorry for tha delay!
See, there are tiny plusses when you are sick! Poor gal, get better soon!
she play tennis
Turns out drinking for 17 consecutive hours yesterday was a horrible idea, how does Charlie Sheen do it?
Hi Larry. Please have your wife email our customer service team to explain the error with her reservation:
Oh, Aja, it's so cute how you think that L.A. has parking.
That Gwinnett traffic I could never!!!!
Our interns rock! RT : #fringey talk with getting excited.
Most of the time I don't text people first anymore is because I think i bother them.
somedays call for Merzbox ...today is one of those days...
What a surprise. Jesse Watters misrepresented #atheism and what went on at #reasonrally on O'Reilly.
Bottled water-skate board dude, just pack it up. She already has a kid, she doesn't need another one - meaning you. Grow up.
thanks!! Wish I could be there!
How long do I need to live before I can see TLC play Cochella with a Lisa "Left Eye" Lopez hologram?
Yes, today may be Thursday, but tomorrow is definitely FRIDAY!
I'd rather eat the cookie dough , than the actual baked cookie . <U+2665>
the Blue Devils should have 20 more FTAs if these refs would start calling this game correctly. Grabbing and holding galore
tough times for sure! Seems like they keep getting tougher in higher ed (and education more generally).
CSI Miami playing Britney Spears as someone is getting murdered. My kind of show.
AGREE. RT : Money can buy you everything except meaning. #socap11” yes, but it can buy you time while you search 4 meaning:)
i've completely lost my motivation to work out and it makes me feel terrible! Wish u lived close too! We'll motivate here :)
Happy weekend!!
killed it in the appetizer round!
Wishing I could be in the company of someone.
thanks! Epic is the perfect word...you have such a way with words my dear!
what your doing is incrediible for and Maci you inspire so many people icluding me :D
this pleases me lots! Did we decide where we are going?
Sending out new info on the changes to the STAT!Ref Medical titles. Email me (DeAnne) if you want that info & didn't get it.
Yay!!! Hit me up when you're officially here :)
My eye doctor must have a sense of humor they mislabeled my contacts so when I put them in I thought I was going blind.
Haha I'm jealous! RT ": have fun!" Oh I will <U+263A>
yea u do
That looks so good!
« A #Capricorn tends to be cynical, but they are never disappointed because they expect the least.»
Registered Process Server 916-509-0677. Serving the entire Sacramento community. Bank Levy, Unlawful Detainer, Small Claim, & summons.
Mobile commerce will be $670 billion by 2015
Just realized I left my art peice inspired by dr. Seuss in one of my classrooms. Awsome. Prolly in the garbage already.
Man Popeyes got to be breaking some FDA rules or something. Too many orders to be telling people to pull over. Parking lot be straight full.
how r ya
Reading a woman with a kite. The most powerful set up in the zodiac. But with kites come responsibility You have to embrace the power
Noli simul flare sobereque - Don't whistle and drink at the same time
Masculine bravado ego square-off
Thank you guys so much for coming!
More a result of viewing too many resumes that make me want to cry. ;-)
So ate the bulls cursed?! Not taj!
#praysforseankingston Get will soon! <3 ! my prayers are always with you
You and your love of NKOTB from back in the day :) RT RT Happy Birthday to in OZ!
Worked out too hard yesterday legs is all wobbledewopwopwobble
it's too bad it takes you at least a year to get around to my suggestions.
In the room for new Health IT ideas.
Video Marketing is a hot, not-so-new trend that can bring much desired traffic to your website.
Yo I know everybody had a good day...right?
I wish the work week ended for me on Thursday! :-(
Sending love n safe travels ur way Good night n Sweetdreams #LOVE :)
at the shop
yes very well said! I hear ya buddy!
Looking for more sources in branding identity. Any suggestions?
how are you stupid? Explain :p
OMFG I just got a call from someone in the 561 area .. I thought it was .. but it wasn't ._. </333
Happy Birthday to the most amazing friend in the world (:
Love that I'm hearing Manj of 's voice on ! just dropped Sadi Gali!
“: I'm emotional right now, but that crowd shot may be my favorite non-fight MMA moment ever.” incredible!
I've been hearing that from some people. I know they're working on it.
NEED A CAR. COÑO.
See you tonight at Game Day should be a great one.
i would do that hahaha
- No problem!
Creed!! I am 100% decided on this. They push religion in their songs. Nickleback just... sucks. Except that song i like lol.
The business is called Right Direction: College Services. Here 2 help students w/ getting accepted 2 college, scholarships & graduating!
lucky you. Wish Obama could stop by and smile at me someday. I'll probably blush, fall & roll.
Fun and games pickup a scanner from property and have it break after two items Arrrggg.
#NataliePortman is so charming, so girl-next-door and so demure. #1 celebrity crush.
Really went into hibernation this winter.
If you can accomplish all your dreams in your lifetime, your not setting your sights high enough.
wow, now you just have to get to the NFL & they'll give your top tier biz education for free...WTF? FML
The Ramon Sessions honeymoon ended many moons ago.
Thanks Joe! We will make sure it gets updated!
i luv u Guys so much ahh! I luv u I luv u
I love pitchers like Jason Hammel. Work fast and throw strikes...
is that place the place to be on a Saturday night?
well hey atleast they ain't calln her lil marv then u would really have to worry how much does phoenix weigh now
Finding a roommate is so awkward but I like this girl!
S/O to #TrippleD stand up!!
you seen our new instagram pics?
Nice pic of the ice cream helmet!
when aree u free, girl?!?!?
Under 2 hours until the begin their win of the SE Division!
Great win. Tell Otto hello from Sikeston Missouri. We will see u guys Jan 21st
...The sit-for-a-year restriction seems more onerous, but then the problem it prevents is more obvious and disruptive.
Sounds short, but as an average its not bad. Maybe I'm a bit jaded & expected a lower number b/c of exhibit sprinters. lol
Dress like a Dave and Andy's employee for only $10! Dave and Andy's t-shirts are now for sale!
did you see the picture on tumblr ?!
and you're going to the blogher conference? that is so rad!
True, u never know what to expect, ur best bet is to sit on the other couch so u can have a head start to run, lol
MT : Simile (like), alliteration (look like) & rhyme (son / #Trayvon) gave Obama's #trayvonmartin statement the feel of a poem
Anyone of our followers at Siggraph 2011 in Vancouver right now? How is it?
why are you sad my dear?
will you get a chance to post the "I am Nextgen" video this week? We'd love to see it on your great site!
you got your phone back?
Marriage boot camp 2nite... Gonna be dope!!
Coolness! Yes, by all means keep me and posted.
There Common Core, consider yourself rolled out. Looked at Academic Vocab and Text Based Ans for good measure too.
i am! Im ordering that hoe today.
So THERE! RT : #OccupyBurque 9AM University&Central- Join Us! Noon meeting, 5PM Central & San Mateo -
Overwhelmed Overwhelmed Overwhelmed Overwhelmed Overwhelmed Overwhelmed Overwhelmed Overwhelmed
Poor skip
I'm aware that it's a basketball team but there's too kinds so I was just wondering
Thanks! I'll pass it on to the team.
hahah i heard the song before i saw the video and i was kinda hoping....;P
RT : Re: Zimmerman. Was much more concerned about prospect of "no charges" than prospect of "no conviction." / Ditto
yea call her let her know a lot of people are getting it
Yes, Mom, the five year old is discussing compound eyes and exoskeletons with you. These are, in fact, the words coming out of his mouth.
Check out Zac Young on MySpace for dates, music and info, http:/MySpace.com/zacyoung.music
was legit tonight - Nu, not so much... Now #WeOutchea at #epicVegas Big Happy bday babe !!
I had a magical day. I am so lucky to be with such distinguished gentlemen as and :)
It's About to Go DOWN. Down Time Radio Show Up Next With & Starting at 2pm.
Appreciate the struggle cause it's all worth it in the end.
I haven't even started yet.
then shes like "david shit is awesome" okay if someones last name was 'shit' they'd look like total asses
who those 3 boy?
Pulitzer for from The Stranger. Wow and much deserved. Liked to read him when I lived in the 206.
I only do it for new people to talk to
This will make me more productive! MT : Go enable the "extra emoji" feature in Labs. You won't regret it.
Shooting a couple of Spokane Chiefs hockey games this weekend in case I am not named Moon Base Official Photographer by Newt.
Thanks for sharing, BFN. Have a great rest of your day!
Now i wana skate....slow and in a rink of 10 people lol
tell em how to do it!
Merry Christmas to all our Luxe Citizens! We wish you a day filled with love, joy and fabulous gifts! Indulge in the spirit!
someone come to the beach with mee
I hate smokers w/ a Passion
Your biggest strength is your true self, product branding is no different.
Steinem's wonderful sense of humor gives lie to all those jokes abt humorless feminists ("one, and it isn't funny.") She laughed all nite.
dont be like that
#Zimmerman I can't believe he actually took the stand!!!!
u aint no character from tv like #BEREAL Smh...
Loved your spot in the Skeechers commercial last night! Can't believe more people haven't mentioned it.
Awe, thanks! I'll try my best :)
loving the no coat november business
Notre Dame Poli Sci/Peace Studies just scored Gary Goertz and Patrick Regan in one fell swoop.
yeah :( I guess I trended 'Follow Haley Reinhart' too many times. I'm really sad.
Banners, Bookmarks, Bumper Stickers and More - MarketWatch (press release)
Catching up on new follows. Thx
No more pink flower
Looking for help to promote THE LAST DAYS movie on part time . Can be located anywhere... want to help, email:
Birkbeck is knocked around in the 4th. Jim Pressley leads off with a solo homer. Two other singles, but no further damage. 4-2 Seattle.
No advance just ten at the door
On the day I do, troubles there are few.
Just made tough call for most of my chips. Was down to 80k now at 131400
Having a blast at my small group! #lifegroups <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
would love to help drive 40K Austinites towards this years Cap 10K
Wu tang clan. Ain't nothing to fuck with
RT There's testing today at school so we have a messed up schedule! Yay I like when that happens :D
Highlight of mine too!!!!!
Total schedule change 4 me! Sleep is overrated. ;-) RT : (Denise here) Oh my 6am, that's super earlier! I'd have...
LOVE your Flower Pot Lighting Ideas! Thanks for sharing!
jet lag is still kicking my butt. While Ken sleeps, I join the 5am breakfast crowd. In Iceland a lot of people are awake at 5am!!
Do you have dry eye syndrome? Check out my boomer health and wellness blog: www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
Texting and calling me 100 times while im asleep <
Gwar.kylesa.fuck yes.I only wish i'd have caught ghoul
Thanks for the follow!
Closed my eur/ypy trade early for +470 pips, will most likely re-enter later on.
sad day for franklin. no new library :(
Not baked goods, Professor...baked BADS.
Nigga you must be crazy, whatchu gonna do with a bitch like me
Looks like I'm back up and running! Thanks!
LOL! ignorance is bliss..
Thank you for reading WD! We hope you enjoy our latest issue. Happy writing!
"Now go do, that vodoo, that you do-- SO WELL!" About to head in the booth. is from 7am-9am this morning. Check us out!
Trying to reprogram the satilite remote.....why are these so difficult.....UGH.
S/o to all the twitches and twoes!!!!
Amsterdam bound
Justin Bieber looks like a little white Usher on
Zro sanged that song tight lol fun is meant to be had.
yes, yes we are. Sadly. And it never fails to creep me out.
lemme guess who....
This puts us in the running for becoming October's Featured Artist!
Come to think of it, Best Actor is the strongest category this year. All of these films are well worth your time.
-- thank you :) I really appreciate it, it was a lot of fun to work on
what is it exactly? :)
We'll be at the WMSE Food Slam on Friday . It's from 6-9pm. We'll be serving a squash soup with homemade bread and our pork pies.
I won't disagree with you. There are certainly things to complain about, but I maintain that this isn't necessarily one.
going to try to be there to support! I'll prolly be there. Steal me a uniform.
Frank Doyle: The highest level of leadership is thinking about & cultivating ur successor as soon as u take on a leadership role
just cause :/
The Bear's Den is going to be popping this season I can already feel it
What's up homie!?!?
After a lot of requests I am FINALLY having my Jesus Is No Joke book made into an E-book! Any day now...it's a coming...uh...yep...soon...
this is fucking hysterical!!! I still have no idea what this "lecture" is about.
LMFAO at the white kids who "TRY" to act African American. Get a life. Your not cool. Hahahaha.
If when you finished your ACC exam, you walk up to the front and put it through the scan-tron yourself, and then left...
#truth RT : MATH: Mental Abuse To Humans.
Math is SO much scarier when it's not hypothetical.
Nicki Minaj is so weird, I LOVE IT
Happy Friday, e1! New acct--1st tweet. Librarian hoping to interact w/ others in the biz. Looking forward to your tweets.
Justin Bieber had certainly moved on from his scavenger-hunt-in-the-laundromat days...
What a weekend! Partied with , 's Art on Tap, #IUFB team's spring game, Lil5 Team Pursuit, Little Fifty.
me too, man. Me too.
[Psa103:3-4]Who forgives your iniquities+who heals all your diseases+who redeems your life+who crowns you with lovingkindness&tender mercies
In the midst of winter, I found there was within me an invincible summer.
Be sure to visit Oklahoma Ben's Indian Taco booth at the Lee Elementary International Fest, Friday, 4-8 p.m. I wont spit in your fry bread.
Forever jealous of the rest of the boys who've always seen Naked Harry walking around the house :3
Thanks Rebecca! I checked in with them but unfortunately they don't open until 9, looking to hold an 8 AM meeting.
Craving the hot butter cake from Mastros right about now...
3 Immature Pedophile comes across as strange victims are from their own neighborhoods they have a preferred age, but will deviate from it
"what we need now is a new way to be black" #1vsM this is a good documentary "Unstoppable: A Conversation"
You'll be rejected—it’s not personal. Every model get’s rejected, including “super models”. It’s the ones you do get - that counts.
Thank you , , , & Annabel Palma for joining me to stand up for kids & stop budget cuts
Thanks for the follow and
Why am I always so pissed off
Experiment with summer fruits-my fav is pluots, 1/2 plum & ½ apricot
The one time I actually want to stay on vacation I get fucked over. Like everything else in life. I'm so over this shit, fuck yourself!!
Ladies:before giving a guy head spray some of that throat spray it really help the hurting when you deep throat
Would love to have you on our show sometime, let's chat more
love the pages bro n site
got busted doing 63 in a 45 know the feeling.
???! Thanks for following!
at wr rb QB TE. With these he will be successful and he needs to keep bradley. he did a good job. Btw way to finish the year
Seriously? No wonder Yahoo! sent you back to local radio.
Much appreciated RT : both are very big influences on my personal work
no thank u:)
You San Diego bound?
Won't be the same without the Mayor in the house!
Honored to be following my bro
EVERY night.. why do we do this to ourselves ?
Can't help but smile when I think back on my year...amazing and mindblowing... No complaints!
Watchin Jersey shore !
I really need a beer. #Shiner would really hit the spot.
Bout to lay it down and get some rest. A lot on my mind but I'm about to pull my game plan together. goodnight world
RT : -I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being. Confucius
I can't... sorry
I GOT #NIKE LUNGS, BREATHE NOTHING LESS THAN #NIKEAIR!
But I just want someone to love me as much as Kanye loves Kanye tho... *Ye shrugs*
Back at the drawing board...
srsly, i gotta go now! brb (:
Gunna be a straight loner today. Not in a good mood.
just finished a fantastic shoot by the ocean with Liz...
GSP That was great screwing with his mind ! Respect!!!
I love you! Meet me half way and we can make this work!
me too yo!
A-Rod likes Journey and Ivan Nova can sing. The wonderful things you learn at the end of the fifth inning.
What can i do to make my self feel pretty? I feel ugly as hell :(
frozen yogurt instead? I don't do coffee. :)
I'm chillin tonite no plan but I know I'm not going out nowhere
You need to do a foundation examination to see what you need to fix.
oh damn.... im on twitter again
Obama stretches out SOTU into an online revival meeting.
There is no analogy that can properly express my love for Gabriel Brothers
good morning man.
I got you covered. :) there will be posts.
i may or may not be telling my mommy i'm a hang with you today .-. um.. yeah.. i love you
thank you!
Don't forget your flats for running!
You can get Sharpie off of skin in a single soap + water session.
And I'm off
I miss pokerstars :/.
I'm not supposed to do laundry after 9:00 in my building. Buts Friday night and I'm a rebel without a life.
i like deandre jordan, but he has horrible hands.
Hey Spartan Fan! Pleased to Tweet you.
Spotting newspaper articles over shoulders of fellow commuters. Old school, doesn't scale. Do you Like?
NP it happens to the best of us :-) Have a great weekend.
From strangers to lovers, & lovers to strangers.
probably not here yet!
If Seattle makes it to the NFC Championship game, they will be .500. And its amazing how many websites already have the highlights online
ightttt just text me when you're on yo way
HAPPY MOTHER"S DAY!!!!
um I am seeing it with both of you guys
This is really not the night for some bad news....
Fack you!!!! (Asian voice) #Alex quote
RT : RT : Know a 60+ adult changing their community? Nominate them 4 a Purpose Prize & they could win $100k....
ah! thats so awesome! is that all the original characters in it?
Wow it's really coming down out there! If you're heading out on the roads, please be careful.
I'm trying to figure out a easy way to let him down
The love from my dad I'm grateful for. He is a good man.
It doesnt have to be David.
WE JUST ADDED A NEW MEMBER TO OUR FAMILY****STAY TUNED*****
Ya boy back on his hustle ya know what I been up to....
hahhaha. you are so right, but still. soo gross.
I'm at a payphone trying to call home All of my change I spent on you... - Payphone by Maroon 5
wft? i only still follow bc u got paid.
happy easter! :))
Keep posting great content. Thanks for the RTs!
Will be back in Los Angeles April 2nd - 9th
Make today's great! I will be in beautiful downtown Albion! #sarcasm. Let me know how you do!!! #occupy gym!
Im just chilling, ion be feeling like doing shit!! im surprise i an't big ass shit...lol cuz i really don't do nun but eat, still look good
I long to alleviate the evil, but I cannot, And I too suffer
Thanks for the shout out! :)
I can't stand a liar
Couldn't they find a better Unisex person for that Domino's commercial?
Think I may be addicted to upside down margaritas
We're THE place to plan the perfect party! From a business social to a baby shower, your guests will dine on the tastiest food in Dallas!
This is totally obvious obviously
Thanks for the laughs this year. Looking forward to 2012!
We played the shit out of that show! Thanks to everyone for being there for us, we <3 you.
on the positive side, all this shit spewing out of the neighbor's sewer into our yard will be good for the plants.
Braun's situation was not a "technicality"; the test was compromised. Google Diane Modahl
is off to bed knuckle-heads, if you haven't already, send me your number again, because my phone got wet earlier this week!
This. <3. ": There are football, basketball, & hockey games almost every night for the next two weeks. Thank you, Sports Gods."
"This dick"
unbelievably adorable.
Group classes include mat pilates, cardiocore, yoga, and kickboxing! Open 7 days a week! $79 monthly membership! No contracts!
Mom will be part of Pikesville MD family soon. Filling out all the paperwork. thanks Bianca
Alright, i'm out twitter, gotta be up at 6 for work. Work is going to suck, but at least i get to see #battleship with her ^_^
"NC Governor On Gay Marriage Ban: 'We Look Like Mississippi'" #huffpost Only if that's a synonym for "idiots"
awe :) I like Christmas too. What do you want for christmas?
I hate commercials with a passion
mhhmm, all I'm hearing is excuses! :p
Nice slogan Mitt! Similar to when McConnell said this was the GOP's #1 goal. Same ol' song I guess.
Include QR code in printed reports. Interesting linking mechanism.
Ill check it out. Thanks. And sorry for cursing so much. I can't help it.
So far, most heartening thing abt GSU opinion: Judge Evans appreciates the distinction between non-profit and for-profit educational copying
Damn u save those text from 2011? Thristy!!!!
No fun being up all night with a migraine when I have two exams tomorrow:(
Idk Dee but we need to figure something out because i want those jeans and im in desperate need of new shirts
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 5
At Hospital w a sick baby :(
im there in spirit!
Been seein' "Pulp" up alot in Denver
HURRY UP AND GRADUATE REWARD.
so did Einstein, and how does that relate to evolution?
Outside cooking with representatives from the 7th Annual Rusyn Food Festival! Time for some tort and pizza!
way to go Coach Shaver!
#GhettoTranslations: "Ya feel me?" - Do you understand my position on the situation?
who was it by? I want one from
Nice. I'll be there tmrw night with my #Natitude you going?
Looking forward to seeing UF coach Billy Donovan coach the FIBA Amercias U18 Champ this summer. Mark Few and Shaka Smart also on his staff
Depends on the agreement reached btwn Freegal and the library.
My making it a little too close for comfort!
So many people favorite my tweets these days. It's crazy
:) lets do it, I wanna show you my "office" space too sometime
RT : "Where you choose to live is now the most important decision you make"...glad is working econ dev for NM
how can you say ick?! Two of the best live shows I've ever been to will be together!
Here we go..
Well tweeters, I AM BACK! After a 2 week vaca, is re-branded & rearing to launch! Stay posted for the new Brand Stand!
Dreary day, but energetic officea
RT 5 Steps to Make Lasting Connections With Recruiters on Twitter —> bit.ly/wUs7IO
The protest group in growing. Almost doubled in size.
Has anyone been to Teddys on Friday for KS1075 night? Is it ghetto?
I'm totally working on content right now.
Too funny!
Last tweet mssing "pl" in transanted. :). Chalk it up to soar hands. Too much gardening.
you watch it too love that show lol
Thanks to for their support of kids activities. $10,000 makes a big difference in our community.
Coming soon: Dr. Squicktopus, Squirth Vader, Luke Squiwalker, and maybe, just maybe Squinom (but Venom is super hard)
yay! Ray's pizza is sponsoring us too! Thirsty zombies can get free sodas & water w/purchase of pizza on October 24th! Thanks Ray's Pizza :)
I can't watch 5 minutes of Fargo without talking for the rest of the day like I'm from Fargo der aye. Yah.
wow, where comes this negative attitude? you were a happy young man! cheer up!
recommends posting a minimum of 1-2 times per week. Test how often your fans prefer to hear from you.
Definitely Schweinsteiger's. But I might be a bit biased. hehe
Thank You dear :)
yes let's meet up
Today, my amazing daughter, brought my favorite chocolates to my work and they were yummy :D
Hmu before i knock
What is your prioritization of task strategy?
OK just found out the next step in my fight with cancer got a few more test, and than sugery, WOW
who can resist 20 inches of new snow in the last 24 hours?
Electric Avenue.
#20ThingsAboutMe 20. i like cell biology. i'll be a scientist someday: biochemist? molecular biologist? geneticist?
UK advocates are divided; are British prisons safe or is there nationwide denial about the problem of sexual abuse in detention?
It's that time again folks ... the 4th Annual SEI GOSPEL BRUNCH is starting! Delicious food 4 the tummy & soul-stirring music 4 the heart
totally dont wanna be at school day
Cy at the De Maria exhibit - "Why would he waste an awesome car?"
Biology teacher from Long Beach, CA: I'm thinking he's unemployed. No teacher in Cal. would risk his job. Budget cuts trump
GraphOn Further Extends Cloud Computing Position with New Web Server Patent - MarketWatch (press release)
I'm ready to c my family n friends this weekend :-)
hahah okay I better. We should all make a road trip down to florida this summer
Tell me it's all my fault, you'll be sorry when I'm gone.
FOLLOW ME TOO BABE:))
I didn't get to meet you in person! BAH! Hope you had a great time! Did you get cotton candy?
I honestly hate school and most people in it.
Well, duh! Any hot French guys?
never let your prayin knees get lazy and love like crazy.
tried to wax herself..
vmwareoctopus, as you sell it, how do you compete with free #cloud storage software like openstack?
: Thanks for the follow!
Just because Ive never been a bitch to you don't mean it will never happen !!
Vote! Wisconsin primary this Tuesday, May 8. #RecallWalker and flip the senate June 5.
May my sister in laws mom rest in peace.
great meeting you too. I wish you the best. Contact me anytime.
Its Time for some big changes In my Life
thanks for the follow! Hope you enjoy the rest of the sessions at
what makes me insane with confusion is the whole "I'm wearing glasses even though I have 20/20 vision" thing. Ridiculous!
stop telling lies about the twelve year old me
lol oh aight. when you tryna lift and start on this project?
in fact be condemned, may in fact be a lessor father than the man who thinks of himself as a bad father.
Hi Martin: Hope all is well. You would think most leadership development offerings would focus on the individual and growth...
finished my first 1/2 marathon yesterday! and pretty darn proud that I accomplished that goal...considering another already.
Charles Simmons~ Ridicule is the first and last argument of fools.
Great Idea!
My friend ex girlfriend is awesome ^_^ I love the Taylor's tho! Ima always be there for them ... my get high niggas
Clarissa just suggested that #vinyl records be used as frisbees. Kids these (those?) days.
How exciting! That is the one I think I am most excited for.
I ended up changing route, but will head back through soon, more than likely-- and will let you know when I do!!
hey! Check up out. We're new to Vegas.
Does anyone else find it weird that the Mom from the Wonder Years is now on the Bold and Beautiful???
Girls, there's nothing like the pain of an illness to scare you into wanting to live healthier. Start today. You'll breathe easier.
seems like everything is working post-fix. congrats on the big system update!
Hoes gonna be hoes thats why u need a good veggie garden
Do not listen to those who weep and complain, for their disease is contagious. ~ Og Mandino
thanks for the follow!!!
Morning all. Have to work today but still spending this am at church with mum! Later all. :)
Harden pissin my life off
We've celebrated over 50 birthdays this month at #CowboysThursday!! Who has a birthday coming up in May?
Bout to go to work in a bit hate it there lmao
For B2B, SEO has the biggest impact on lead generation, more than social media and PPC ads combined. -2011 State of Digital Marketing Report
Yeah well, what are YOU going to do about it?!
Same website thats on your profile??
Oh, awesome. Thank you, Dr. Sha!
I think they have been here for centuries and never left. I think this is one of their planets . They have to be travelers with their speed.
did you ever get the answer to yesterday's Trivia question? Didn't see a winner. Is it Cream Puffs?
Seeing a lot of empty seats at Super Rugby games. Are tickets too expensive, or is there a rugby fatigue from the World Cup?
PLZ HELP ME OUT :(
"I'm standing right here!- Helicopter Guy
Is bored, still haven't gotten everything I need to go back to work Monday.
In the Zone!
Some girl on my bus..... or she just hit Super Puberty and went from an A cup to a D cup in a week.
Valeriana and the banana tree--16th century books & illustrations.
even worse...I'm an IU fan...lol, just can't stand Bo
Got dem tools for your body parts like O'Reilys
Was convinced it was a comedy acting bit or something. Unbelievable! Lolol
Charlie Sheen has announced that he is now 'sane'. Sigh. Who will kill Ashton Kutcher now??
L. Summers discussing the diminishing import of remembering when we have access to finely tuned data and the means to access it.
Back to NY and finality done unpacking!! :D
yes 4 day weekend #real (:
Follow me and ill follow you #teamfollowback good movies always
As if theres anything better than passing out to He Got Game
“: #MentionTo someone who knows exactly how to makes you smile.” def.
First impression is yea I'm getting a cold. Ugh.
LoL I get it - I just think it's more funny that you think it's funny. META.
needs to come back to hcomp i miss her being late lol
I missed it lol
NEW MUSIC VIDEOS COMING SOON!!!
After a week w/ the worst flue/ bronchitis ever. I'll sit out diving. But will be back exploring #lakemead next week with
Watching TV!
congrats to and team RT : So humbled to be advancing to round 3 at #di1. It's the social seating revolution!
This summer is going by so slow.
I'm a really good cutter of paper
shes already dating mark sanchez - just like Lin another guy who won't be a starter next year
be good to those who are good to you, andd fuck the restt!
I was going to write a new blog post, but instead I drank wine and watched the real housewives.
no, now f*ck off sloth
I have two military brothers, how about you? Have you shown your appreciation lately for a veteran?
"When it's late will you mind waiting here? Making up lost time. When it's late will you mind waiting here? Make it back together."
“Everything is changing. People are taking their comedians seriously and the politicians as a joke.”
you make me happier.
looking at HR Suite Prices.
fine how r u
Can't be so picky anymore!!
hello : ) how are you?
aha yee come visit me! :D n how did you like it will rain?? <333
Decorating the office for the holidays. It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas. Photos to follow!
love your shorts omg
That video has been taken down.
#AGuyShould treat every woman with respect
Well then... Can I ask for tips now? BEFORE you make 100gs?
Apparently 2/3 of those in UK suffer from nomophobia--fear of being without mobile phone!
I love 's website! Very much looking forward to meeting her at
no comment.....
I don't think there's any point in continuing this conversation. Some people just want to be obstinate.
We're on a densely wooded moon with no paved roads or clear paths. The preferred mode of travel? Suicidally fast floating speeder bikes.
I am booked tonight! Christmas miracle or something.
(Warrior's heart): Dad: "hey, wake up?" Conner: "uhh..what?? Is the house on fire?" LololXD I thought it was funny.
Getting drug to the movies tonight to watch the Titanic in 3D
Yes, be very careful. Been thinking of you. Don't stand up fast!
I had one this morning!
Well first of all I watch your videos on YT and they are Hilarious! And I talked to Asia on YT and I would like to talk to you :)
#iLoveWhenYou fill a spray bottle with vodka and try to get the plants in the garden drunk
When relationships feel to good,to be true women go looking for things and things end up goin downhill..just felt like sayin that..
Daredevil has to have the best sex ever!
In your opinion, what does "get it" mean?
No problem. Have a great Tuesday!
Mega! I'm off to Dublin Tomorrow Auditioning for an Irish version of #Robbiewilliams, If youre a Junkie who owns an armani suit Come along
Yo my bf is in the building
You were way off
You meant go SF, right?! :) Good luck to you and your Giants though. May the best team win!
haha ive def heard that one before! i dont see it.. But thanks girl!
bear down
Derek will fill you in later about our idea, let me know what your thoughts are
idk apparently shes moving TO atlanta for this... i hate that these shows are like casting calls now
Lol nicki and Chris head when she said I I I
Will definitely be in touch soon. We are looking to open downtown in Summer and would love to add some cbus imagery from u
Ya know...I almost said "no" because of all the things I didn't do. But I'm going to say "yes" because of all the things I did do
Headache, what a day...
#iwasthekid that had superglue on my hands and tried getting them off my hands
I thought CeCe was about to start the pentecostal version of "Yes!" They would have had to carry a few folks out ....
Seven buses of fans finally back in the states! What a great trip! We'll see you all Saturday when we play for the NLL Championship!!
Arsenal had about ten chances in final minutes of 3-3 draw w/Norwich City...
npr's first listen: SANTIGOLD. yes please.
Answered prayer a coincidence? Then, I notice that when I pray "coincidences" happen, when I don't they don't.
WHY IS BEEZ IN THE TRAP SO GOD DAMN GOOD...?
where you playing tonite
at the hill where you go sledding, come come. :)
Hanging out in old town abq!
#FACT RT : CPD is the biggest gang in Chicago.. Remember That
i highly recommend the aligator. Although, i would suggest getting them at Barney's Boathouse in Scottsdale
Cool! Do you play with any groups currently?
t mobile lmao
If You Retweet This Than I Will Follow You, Plus I Will Get You 100+ More Followers If You Want Me Too.(: #RetweetIfYouWantMoreFollowers(:
thanks for thinking of roots, call 414 374 8480. Let the manager know we are twitter friends. Happy to accomodate.
Thanks for retweeting for us. All help getting our information out there for others to read is appreciated.
Just finished 2nd reading on budget after 7 1/2 hours. Now onto Maintenance of Effort reform bill.
she so far gone she aint went that hard since she was hell never.lol anywhoooo.
when did you join the darkside!?!? #longhairtillitgreys !!!
Glad to make the connection with you Rob. I think we can collaborate on several projects if you're interested.
protesting is what make America, America.
Congrats bro! Very well deserved!
Great week this week! birthday today. Taylor graduation 2moro. sweet 16 Wednesday AND she preaches in youth also!
Priorities seem to be out of whack? Small Business; such as BE, need lenders & capital investment. In turn jobs wil be created
5 more days until we leace for san francisco
Southern Roots had a GREAT TIME at Chester Moose last ngiht. Thank you guys for making us feel so welcome and dancin' Your shoes off! lol
oh woops ; i mean life*
and i head bobin ;D !!<3
I want your face to be the last thing I see at night and the first thing I see in the morning when I wake up<U+E022>
50 degrees already this St. Patrick's Day morning! Grilled out last night. Noticed that plants & flowers are beginning to pop up. Spring! :)
I know you're a gifted writer and all, but have you ever considered your own reality show?
First hand I squeeze Deeb utg open/utg +1 call and bet 3 streets AI on A72cKc2c board.
Hon...? I can't stay much longer at the moment... I just wanted to say this while I was thinking about it.
yes please!! I'll msg you my number :)
Who dresses Craig Segar?
¤ Success is a journey, not a destination. Ben Sweetland
RT : ABAO today: Get your sweaters on as the Great Joe Tait will be In Studio from 4-6 taking calls & talking about his Book
Love is not a business. It’s not a transaction. It’s not an exchange or something you get for doing something it's not a trade. It’s a gift!
Middle aged men take an average of 5 times as long to get an erection than younger men do.
you should be a judge on #DWTS !!
Scott is right..you are a photographer!
finished picking my classes 4 world of flavors @ CIA Napa--gonna be amazing!
“If this situation is not addressed, and not addressed now with increased urgency, millions of children will continue to die...
Hey, you are so damn nice, Nick! Thanks for that. Your words seriously warm my heart.
already got her 2m followers and hasn't get them yet? NO-WAY. Spread the world.
First god created men.. then he had a better idea .
There's a thing everyone should have . Which is respect for themselves and others .
Portlanders shocked by the emergence of a warm yellow ball in the October sky.
Love those #SinatraMoments!
buy them!!!
Thanks to all who attended last night's forum debate, including , , Mike Aguirre, Michael Zucchet and Alan Gin!
They have the best gadgets... Check Samsung out!
Watch Today w/ & on NBC at 11.
Ah!!!!!!! thank you beyond stoked, celebration ASAP once I return to D.C.
I really hope Ok city to win the Nba final
they got to go
omg ask her. get da hook ups hahah
love Bucket Shop.. Minus loud people.. #YouNeedToShutUp. So glad were in atl :)
thank you for the RT yesterday! I appreciate it.
Am I the only one whos cold ..
I'm not using it. RT : Does anyone interact on #Google+ or do the people in my circles just do a poor job of engaging?
I'd love it if you visit us more.
my mom will kill me to but biology is not a good subject for me
getting your dick bit off by a rabid raccoon > Econ
Left the club and the after, drove around my old neighborhood and had a story for every corner... love being home, back to LA in a few hrs
Wanna trade seats?!? I'm really into loud Spanish men.
So I switch from the #KNICKS game to the #RANGERS game when they up by 11...now their up by 2.....great
This really is the smallest world. My life is beyond bizarre.
chocolate covered? Oh man that sounds good! Where'd you get them? A trip? Store? On-line?
WHo me yes u couldnt be den who
ha mm ya you do
thome and A-Rod
Busy day ahead. Life is good.
#WhyILoveTVD because is
Thank you to for teaching me so much about raw foods/healthy living. You inspire me daily.
Sounds good to us! RT Side ponytail is up and the sun roof is down. Good start to my weekend :)
Just one more week of classes left!
Gonna be running on 4 hour tomorow.
Who's upstairs screaming? We can hear you down here. (;
who going to birthday bash on june16
couldnt agree more!
Also IN. Can I manage your money too?
"A man's mind stretched by a new idea can never go back to its original dimensions." -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Monday after the kids #trickortreating goin to Diamond South (booby trap) for the costume party. N there is a $300 prize for best costume
Not much....Trying to think of a title for a short film I'm writing about teens in the zombie apocalypse...LOL ;)
it was pretty awesome. Days like this I wish we were all out here.
RT : Wow! Dirty Water tv looks like COPS but it features regional non-celebrities instead of meth dealers.
Happy Jazz Thursday Chicago! Happy Anniversary Mr. Mayor and Police Supt. Garry McCarthy... First year report card... B+
A good reputation is better than being rich.
Google+ is the fastest-growing website in history via Reuters. What is next in social media?
#bobandtom I used to have a problem with paranoia, until everyone suddenly lost interest.
"Take politics out of transportation" -
Easiest way to make money... Lol everyone drops them lol RT WHYVSTEVE JOBS WHY?!
hm, seems to be able to accept/store internet shortcuts? That's helpful.
Shout out to all who follow back.
My condolences go out to Don Cornelious family may God b with him
November is Lung Cancer Awareness Month. For every home we test for radon this month, we're donating $15 to the NC Lung Cancer Partnership!
Thanks for the RT. Can't believe I've made two chats in a row - these are great.
I love me some mexican food <3 its pretty much the best thing ever created !!
I love seeing my "best friends" out in public looking "cute"
hey did you get your pic taken with Cal and the trophy yesterday at work?
Self-advocates- I just got a veiled threat posted to my FB pg of Atty General signing "kill" order on me 4 exercising my Autism civil rights
so that's fucking banging lml give me those grades
:O you remember that?!
WHAT R U DOING DOWN THERE
And yes, the honeycrisp apples at Ralph's are really worth their almost $4 a pound price tag
Apparently I'm a tweetaholic :l
sMg= simply marvelous gang + we taking over biotches lol
Scored an appointment! By the skin of my teeth, but an appointment, none the less
The average person has been programmed to be a wage slave. I want you to be the master... an asset master. ~ Robert Kiyosaki
Anyone doing anytrhing?
And DJ Clue. Jay Z has been to his pool. Still showing pictures.
hmm! Wait until we get to international pe. It'll rock yer socks.
Why does Chicago have to be so damn difficult!
I feel like a bad monster, kinda.
When i think of my friend Victoria . And then i think of I get mad .
when does believe come out? (:
S/O to Kanye West for shouting the hardest working man in the Chi (you earn it and desevere more)
Right now: donuts, coffee, tea, hot chocolate, etc. courtesy of SJSU Associated Students. Outside of the King Library.
ISTE FEUD WAS A BLAST! Had a great time!
Today must be the day for epic customer service!
We need you to come to Polish Hill on the weekends or some time. When the pool opens you would be a huge hit !!
You guys are digging tunnels! Got Lady Liberty moaning! Someone's going to need to put a wallet in her mouth!
The pancakes sound good! RT : Now: pumpkin pancakes. Soon: making honey sage beer with Ryan. Then: drinking beer I made last month.
Earlier today, Ricky Williams told us he sees his statue as a celebration of the entire University. It will also include the dreads.
Not long enough
": did NCAA s'pend Miami guys based on how black they sound? Ray-Ray? Dyron Dye? S'picious." Adewale Ojomo busts this myth, lol
oh, because he's always tweeting you! You're so lucky. I'm jealouss
Is calipari still in envy of pitino? RT : Rick Bozich | Not time for U of L to panic, but it might not be far away
sadly I don't have a live setup yet, and I'm moving to Florida in 4 weeks D:
Got a health care question? Listen to #HealthyMatters Sunday at 7:30 am to call in and talk to the doctor!
still can't believe austin's moving to Miami. Austin & Alex won't be the same :'(
We are so bored that we are ripping out the grass from the ground.
I love Mondays with my girl
- no, but I thought about it. I seriously thought, is Tim in the office...
Another hit and run
Bull bars provide protection, beauty and value for
Hubert ... whan are you going to start keeping better company?
Cant wait to read it. I am on the same page
My Royals shirt keeps trying to impersonate my #SportingKC shirt because my SKC shirt is getting more wear lately.
Turn on #ComedyCentral RIGHT NOW!!!
Anyone heard the new Kanye West song ""Theraflu?" Fail or Cray?
Miracles never cease to amaze... RT : Wheres your hat? Were doing great - sunny in #Seattle!
Co-sign. And I actually LIKE this team. RT That's the Clipshow I wanted to see this year. More diving, no whining.
whats ur fav thing to get at olive garden?(: i like that soup and salads!(:
Went to mass & was jolted when gospel said Jesus was crucified btwn 2 revolutionaries. Seems Greek word is same for thief & revolutionary!
Playin' at the Maple Leaf tomorrow night! Come get funky with us, it's summer in NOLA, what else is there to do? (nothing else...)
Although I think I laughed more over the idea of the one guy measuring testicular volume for all participants
ugh i know how you feel! my mentions are dead lol
I never met Austin and i hope i can get an opertunety to time!(: Please Lord let my mom say Yes.(;
RT : US saying Chen will stay in China. Will be relocated. Can attend university. US officials can monitor his safety
YBP gets lots of RFPs from consortia "we want a dda program"
#1. There is no such thing as 'gay marriage' only marriage. #2. Same-gender marriage, not same-sex
that's unbelievable. Crazy how far mlg has come since the old halo2 days. 32nd floor office in nyc? Insane. Never woulda thought.
Pretty please don't let today be the beginning of a bad week. So far, I overslept by an hour because my phone has decided not to charge. :(
Your bio gave me a happy.
The gingerbread man strikes again with a episode to ruin a great run.
Welcome to C-Town u on one side and on the other
I lovee you!:D
Definitely Matt! He always looks like a million bucks.
by mail or in person?
Great #PBL learning this week with in Columbus, OH! Thanks for all of the ideas!
'You cannot negotiate with people who say ‘what’s mine is mine, and what’s yours is negotiable.' ~ President John Fitzgerald Kennedy
And No I Wont Never Ever Give You Up !
Murder by autoerotic asphyxiation
heard of ReSharper?
#UnderratedEP best album I've ever heard jut wish where I belong was on it
Isn't that the place where the Grateful Dead got busted? Alibi off Iberville and Bourbon is a must, closed 1 hour a year!
thx, Google Translate helped! :) But I'm looking specifically for tools #medlibs have used themselves, for outreach eval.
Best show ever, in my opinion.
Mark #Teixeira gave the #NYY fans of #Chasing800 a shoutout on his Twitter page for our $1,000 contribution to his charity! =)
The Desperate Housewives season premiere was top-notch to say the least. Holy cow!!
If you're in no big hurry to reach your goal, there's a much easier way to go
Nothing against nuns buh it ain't for me
RT @ iamKingLos Live to Love and maybe you would Love to Live.
yea bro I know smh. But now i just moved back from Az and tryna find a Job in stuff and maybe going back to school
Headed to Big S/O to !
Send us your music by youtube link only!
Thanks for the RT ! You know your Milwaukee Cuisine ;)
I'm so glad Ms. Baccam isn't going to be at school tomorrow that way me and could make our tragic love story our way :P
lalalalla, i sing your songs every day (;
Only God can Judge Me ...!!!
Hi Welcome to Twitter!
BEAUTIFUL day nyc!!!!
Good Night Miami! Yes, the #weekend is over, #bummer! But a least we have Hollywood Young #foodtrkinvasion tomorrow! Check it out 5:30-10pm.
Autodesk Animation Store Walkthrough Preview - Powered by Mixamo: via
There's pictures of him drunk with girls all around him.
Exercise is scientifically proven to be as effective as Zoloft in reducing depression. Exercise for your health and for feeling good!
Been livin in the gym! Panama in 2 days baby! Let's get it
A waist of mula
Truth: I got 1st & 3rd verses on that. But no hook or 2nd verse.
May the fourth be with you.
Its been a great morning. I can't let anything nor anyone ruin my day.
Football OFFICIALY starts TOMORROW ! Football>Any other sport>Soccer ;)
Had our first Fall Wedding Party today, so much fun helping some lovely #Pittsburgh couples register. RSVP for next weekend - 412.630.8001!
=) Thanks! I'm in the same boat with your latest post. I enjoyed it, but I just haven't commented yet.
Hey, how's it going?
Thank you! :)
cool. Atleast your have someone to hang out with. And stay busy.
Coming back from getting texture shots in Coney Island today. I may have eaten a corn dog while I was at it..
oh who doesn't including robbiee
Considering Color?? Try a new color service and get $20 off!
I will try it!! I absolutely love tequila. Thanks for the suggestion :)
Swap specials for tomorrow: Bring 5 friends and swap for free. Or if you're a student, show your ID at the door and get $5 off!
Come get your ass down here and get $2.50 Stella & $6.00 Jameson drinks and a Darling on your lap! We PARTY til 2am!
I bet so.. Where did you get it? “: #PumpkinCheesecake is pretty damn good!”
Heard you needed the help of an Angel? :)
Workin at a club live broadcast! Yep, peeps do go out on a Monday night!
Not played tennis in 2 weeks re this knee problem, so annoying for sure
I swear if I have a daughter and she ends up like half the girls I see on here, I'm locking her in a castle with no wifi.
I almost shed a tear when you ran through the "advice to " segment last night. Esp liked the one from
Hell yeah you are.
haha, well thank you! (:
Ain't Mad At Chu Support Yo Team But
#Apocalypse Necessity: tactical Canned #Bacon – stays good for 10 years.
how are you doing
Wonderful job Ted. Proud of you!
#beliebers , #real , #MISTLETOE ,
One of my favorite cuss words I refuse to give up is #BITCH !
Needed this kind of big night from Barmes. Now let's wait a few weeks till the next one.
i'm in love with the poison and wine video
I love Sarah Palin....wait I meant parasailin...my bad...
Sorry for the delay, but no, we didn't have the fight.
I know, and forget about finding any life coaches, artists who live for Christ, or a porn bot that's really desperate for a date.
shut up
"Omg, he is cute" "You think so? "Yeah, but don't tell him.." *Shouting* "HEY YOU! MY FRIEND THINKS YOU'RE CUTE!""
oh my god hahaha
You are welcome ma
For...president?! haha NICE!!!!
Told my mom I went to Oasis last night... Shd googled hookahs and told me how bad they are.
i cant believe its over :')
Talked to him now I'm off to bed.:-) even tho he gets on my last lol
o im in los angeles what happening? i cant wait to see it! Lucky u ahead out there
Check out the School of Music Faculty Publications poster in Suzzallo Library located on the first floor to the left of the reference desk.
hey! (: thanks so much for following, be sure to also follow ! (: have a fantastic day xoxo
burrito from Saturday night: still safe to eat?
is a winner #whymentor with
CC, Pettitte, Kuroda, Nova will be good enough for playoffs.
# u a stupid hoe
ugh i like seriously fucked up my arm playing air hockey. welp.
Thought we were friends Guess not....
i don't know
Time to really focus on baseball now.
My favorite Tracey Morgan Character is Meat Man from Head of State with Chris Rock. He was 2 Funny!
lmbo I know u did
LOL RT I can almost smell the Pappadeux's and Rudy's chicken TX is so close
where do you get your paint? I need to start painting my place and I'm looking for ideas!
We are playing 1st tonight! 10pmish
No. You are mocha. ;)
No one is texting me. That's cool. :(
Just had a little Pliny the Elder and now some Abrasive....work really sucks....
I certainly will take you up on that offer. Can I bring baked beans?
And Romney's dad raised a chameleon.
Life is a duty, complete it.Mother Teresa.
I love Christian Bale. So happy he won best supporting actor.
Hard Rock show is in Nashville, but There is a show at Trees on Dec. 1st with !!!
see you Sunday night.
MT : My video debut was a disaster ... #mifflin2012. Sorry if my tone wasn't right. I liked the remix! #dontgo <- well played!
": I personally think Kobe deserves it but that may seem biased lol"~Yes, "biased" is an understatement for you now.
I don't have no gas money! Lol
I haven't read Delaney in too long! Had a great conversation with him once...back in the 1970s.
Thanks for the FF!
converting to the woodwind/dark-side?
"one day when the sky..." "never thought it would hurt so much." i love us <U+E32D>
Love of my life #tweetmecody <3
“: The world is tough... You just have to be tougher #truestory”
HA sure sure ;)
erg! freazing my ass off and not feeling to good isnt that great:(
I wonder how long it will take for the Red Key NOT to smell smoky. There's 71 years of nicotine on those walls!
If the water's too shallow, get a bigger pool.
Better to sit in the parking lot and be ridiculously early.
How many Twitter apps can I have on my iPad. I think I'm up to 4.
so happy for you and your going to be awesome parents!
A good sign if you ask me!
Mom in the kitchen on the phone discussing w/neighbor which grocery store they're going to shop at while the #ClevelandPark Giant is closed.
Have fun! RT : Today YuppieRally races at the 24 hours of Lemons at #NHMS. One month from today- The Yuppie Rally heads south!
TOMORROW at FREE SHOW 9 PM feat New material by The Sugarhill Gang, Nelly, Wilson Pickett, The Doobie Brothers, Black Eyed Peas
Me too , it makes me cry .
I did the impossible - a Clerks movie review for my dear ol' Dad that had all the best and was still G rated. 0.1% Smith dialogue used
ahaha ikr oh n im just here talking to people n u
RT : ReTweet for a chance to win 2 #FREE VIP tickets to the event on May 11th - $350 value
My prediction for the end of the human race: Everyone shoots themselves from lack of humour because all jokes are deemed not PC.
<333333333333 there i helped u out !
Haha, you never know. Crazier things have happened!
need ability to copy text from post, without opening web version of articles.
You're fuckin ratchet -.-
very nice infographic!
That's no excuse. 2 top 5 players and only one gets blamed despite the other putting up way more duds? Weak.
Sophia Bergner earns her first All-SBC Singles honor and joins Steffi Rath on the All-SBC Doubles Team. Good luck this weekend
Thanks doll! Xo
A child's memories of internment camps during WWII. Resilience amidst barbed wire and machine guns. at
Follow some great 13News folks
Say ol mark ass nigga I have a new number
lol. It's the thought that counts !! Thanks a lot
I love sitting by the fire on cold days:)
Thank you!!!
At a Star Wars-themed surprise party for a friend... There's a homemade Death Star piñata & someone is dressed as Han Solo in carbonite, ha!
Just met with Google Mexico.A prime example of openness and innovation while having fun all the while.Great atmosphere, great energy
Blue or red this aftenoon doesn't matter. Tonight we're all blue
RT : First half of #Tedxdu is over, back in 10 mins with an amazing woman and her electric motorcycle, live www.tedxdu.com
And? Worth the watch?
The NNRC booth at #LegalTech is setup & ready to go for tomorrow! Visit NNRC at Booth 2618 & be entered in to win 1 of 2 Kindle Fire's.
I think it's just an extension of what might be American "received pronunciation" (standard) accent.
hm, still not getting it. can you give me another example?
Glad I was there for first downtown dirty dog!
Thanks for the follow. I would love to talk with you about your mission in life. Please DM or email me.
sounds good
I now
LOLOLOLOLOL I love you too.
Some people lose their day browsing Facebook, other people lose their day fighting its API and authentication insanity.
Pass the word on: IMS09 After party/dinner at Fuse. We love family..twitter fam! Try & stay for dinner too!
Sorry to hear that. What restaurant was this so we can check into things?
What out has a iphone =]
At work with it needs to hurry I'm ready for a vaction..lol
Apple tablet stylus patent filed years before iPad debut may boost education sales
My surgery was supposed to start 2.5 hours ago. I'm still in the waiting room.
Even though Aimee Teegarden could not be further from the America Singer I imagined...but anyone from FNL is okay in my book i guess
Club Vegas tonight get here
SharePoint Tip: Top of every page in SharePoint is a search box. It searches everything, click the drop-down next to it you can refine.
I think it would be cool to do it on like the first Saturday of every month-- what do you think?
These fresh baked Oatmeal Raisin Cookies are Heaven m
I know!
Most welcome! I had a lotta fun doing it. I think I would have rather been there with everyone, but this was a great substitute.
Mane i sweated out my curls
I had coffee too late at night! Still up.... good thing I had something of consequence to do.
sounds like laying the ground work for marriage to me! smooth...i guess!
Thinking about keeping a Swiffer in my car.
Heading to the shoot!!! #Excited!!!
whats going on tonight?
good Morning Tweeters, happy Friday! Ah just joking, but I can predict (with confidence) It is in our Future... I may be Psychic!
i got home.. that's all that matters... i still wanna tell that girl to shut it though HAHAH :-)
<U+200E>"Party till you pass out, drink till you're dead. Dance all night til you can't feel your legs" <U+2665>
-- interesting. Is the parent responsible or the salon?
Have u ever heard a grown man scream?...by far the worst sound in the world
I'm working on mine, too. Go, girl, go.
What Makes A Good Toy? The greatest benefits of a toy are the joy and self-esteem that children experience when they play with it.
hi. pls ask howard 2 stop by j.lindeberg. its right across three street from john varvatos. thanks!!!
I will see Spider Man if will go with.
Ricky goes yard in corner. Brewers! 2-2 tie! (Cubs suck!)
Life is overrated.
Last night tho >>>>
Starting off the new year with a lot of new projects: Good. Starting off the year with an e-mail virus: Not so Good.
Need more followers
I got a job AND a letter?! THE WORLD IS BEING SO GOOD TO ME TODAY :''')
I really hope Taylor Green plays well and earns a starting job the rest of the season.
Research paper complete. How bout them indians.
And then I'll tell you how I feel about you.
Blah blah blah
I wish I had somewhere to go or someone to talk to summer 2012 woo..
Knock KnockWho's there !Celeste !Celeste who ?Celeste time I lend you money !
Thanks to all of the enthusiastic attendees at #FOSE who stopped by our booth.
everyone should go follow he is really cute
I think u've been hacked.
Hell yeah
Heading to hollywood the 19 got to get ready to preform!
Last Computer Repair in Pittsburgh: HP Mini Screen change
walked through a taping of white collar this morning.
Ah, cool thanks! Lots of good stuff there.
and how some people think we should all be eating bugs since they are so full of protein and rich. but also gross to westerners.
oh it feels nice to get rid of those awful roots.
If maddox ever stops screaming maybe I will get some sleep...
Oh boy...steer clear of the c word. That could end the party. For you. hahaha
Don't forget, this Friday is the opening for my solo exhibition! 5-7pm at
Iceland's president: Social media turns government into a 'sideshow'...
What? I thought you had two brains and four arms. Thanks for visiting!
An inch deep pile of sketches and ten to fifteen wireframes to crank out.
Lady Gaga is an incredibly talented woman...She is killing it tonight!!
Sorry to hear that!! Hope you get to the next one!
lol you miss me?
The "Zero" Secret: How to Automate and Negotiate
#ThoughtsWhileRunning if I die do I have to run the other 39 40's???
in all the nasty ways haha
Omg lmao! alright man what ever floats your boat. aha
I'm done hoping we could work it out. I'm done with how it feels.
The Chicken Waldorf salad might be one of the best salads in the world
I wanna puke this shit out. Fuck me.
The problem with working from home is that you can get sucked into it on your day off. Must stop myself.
Apparently buying only one doughnut is not normal behavior but tasty regardless on a sunny WA day.
thanks! really excited... and sleepy
Another great effort by AJ wasted. :(
Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood
RT : Sketchers now says their new socks will not cure cancer.
Helped somebody get their key out of a drain that's my good deed of the day
Political expediency.
Guys. omg. its almost April 14th. asdfghjkjhgb
I tried to make my mom feel like shit, and again I ended up making myself feel like shit.
"common vibe of peace"
Just because you're on twitter doesn't mean you put a # after every damn word... -_-
lol. imma teach her to make oatmeal then.
"RDA will die of its weight. It's like an African rhino that just collapses and dies in the desert." -prof predictions
Where are you now? Its a rainy day. Where are you now? You've gone away
Headed off to hear defense begin in Werdesheim trial. Older brother, Eli, likely to testify, his attorney says,
True story
great then, we will meet him tonight at the wine tasting. I am currently discussing it with him
Your body is its own kind of machine that needs its own kind of fuel- learn to fuel it right at #NutritionWorkshop; tonight at 5:30!...
All the president's men is a fabulous flick! Woodstein for life
Yell Fucking Yes!
big changes afoot...!
What are you doing for Christmas?
I'm too hungry!!
I haven't Tweeted in a while.
you rock as usual
RT : tell Charles Barkley that comment about the Fan looking like a Fag, will come back ouch!
did you pay your aof dues?
That kid was sharp!
Wishes R always granted with enough faith and patience. Sometimes not the exact way we imagine but nevertheless granted.
BA is usually worth more in pts than retro leagues unless they don't have a mod for hit/ave. SB's are almost always less!
I guess I should go ain't nun else to do
I cant believe is having concerts worldwide now. I am so proud of you
i just tweeted like a bunch of niggerr jokess, nigaa(: hhaha,look at them.
aw , i ain't think you remembered me .
sporting some hip glasses. First time I've seen him in glasses.
I take being called sarcastic as a compliment.
lol it's crazy ate moms are a like
I was picturing someone big and burly for Haymitch, and I pictured Mr. Jay as Cinna.
oh I miss you two! I'll be home before you know it! I hope you guys are having a great holiday! :) miss you!
Spring break in marathon fl. Have seen dolphin, pelican, puffer fish, hermit crab, conch, iguana, all live in their habitat.
Also, have you ever questioned why Otay would pay #SMGFire $11,000 to bring on an employee for which that replicates duties...
saying "the Othello lived up to the hype" doesn't do the show justice. Wonderful evening! (Tragedy aside ;) ) Superb cast!
I love your sis-in-law...hope you and your daughter are safe.
MY PEEPS: let me know you survived the #earthquake though facebook, twitter, or whatever your preferred Social Media is - no cell service.
Michael brockers, Ron brooks, josh chapman, Lionel smith, mario Louis
I`m gonna miss all the seniors!!!!!): merhh !
#itsawkwardwhen you don't see you twitter posting on #106andPark :(
Merry Christmas. Have courage, follow your dreams
Our Edge of Collapse Ep will now be $5 at all of our shows. Make sure you pick one up!
Update Headed to NYC tomorrow to perform at the Gibson Showroom, do some radio interviews and visit !
Should twitter really be about #F4F? Just asking!
This also a fave >>> RT my mind is still blown by that FF he had on Big Ben. still blows my mind
#Stillwater Mayor says he's open to ideas about events that could replace Lumberjack days.
Not bad at all for someone who taught himself.
tell me baby girl cause i need to know!
can I get a follow please? I used the magic keyboard!!
Well there goes my night, wonder if we'll actually win on our own court. We better
well, sugar-tats, you need to get your ass to Berlin first. Then you get Peruvian numnums.
Joe Cunningham from UKansas held telecollaborative mentoring btw Americans learning German and German businesspeople. So, not peer-peer.
waiting on the ace to let me kno she made it home
Just wanted to thank you for all your support and help with Hollywood Youth Division. Love having you in class.
Canton bocce is cancelled tonight. Sorry everyone!
Save Me Some Loud! Nbs ....
I love that new #car smell.
RT Congrats on "Naked" Opening wknd - I vote Jennifer A. Skinner new #LAThtr poster girl
Ellen Dolgen: How to Meet Your Mother
More B.o.B. tickets for you! Listen at 5:42pm and be the 8th caller at 222-9800 to win! coming to Springfest 2012 at RIT!
My Monday already has me pinned.
that looks fun!
Seeing lots of tweets about the #goldenglobes tonight! Spikes up to 9,000 tweets per minute so far.
Passed all of my comprehensive exams!!! I'm graduating!
Thanks to everyone who came out to our first three town halls. The last of this series is next Tuesday, see www.VoteLoretta.com for info!
Genius = the person who first decided to put coarse sea salt on things like caramel and dark chocolate.
That's too cool. I like the idea of it just being slipped in the middle of a transcription, "While I have your attention...."
Let's follow 4 follow. Will help support eachother? Try the site on my profile for mass free promotion.
When Orlando tells the kids exactly what to do to annoy me haha<<<
We sell 100% Silk Dupioni fabrics Visit our website WWW.FABRICSNTHINGS.COM Best Wholesale Prices
*where near as they.....you know what I mean.
MT : FYI - We'll be providing free, confidential HIV tests on National Women & Girls HIV/AIDS Awareness Day
i feel so bad, i mean it was one joke and now he cant escape it lol
“To insure good health: Eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life.” - W. Londen
yup :) I'm excited I seriously can't wait haha
Ever wonder why private pilates classes are so expensive? $45 per class @ EVBS! Pay per class! Certified, experienced instructors!
Created a task flow for baking cupcakes. Didn't fully spell out "somehow turn your kitchen into a wreck in the process" though. Necessary?
or do men just need to go back to being gentlemen?
Friends of Something, we redistribute gently used to books to kids in LA who don't have any. If you had a drive, we'd be happy to...
Such a precious moment watching Dave Brubeck's face as he was honored, with help from his sons, at the Kennedy Center Honors.
...waiting for the sun to shine on me....-con-
Thanks... I enjoy sharing any inspiring thoughts, sayings, or advice I stumble upon (or think of!).
In 1642, the Canadian city of Montreal was founded by French colonists. In 1765, about one-fourth of Montreal was destroyed by a fire.
And I'm dead serious.
RICKS!!! There are a million stories within those walls, some bad, some good, all hilarious in hindsight!
Wednesday? Hey, lets go to the beach!
I can't help it. I don't like talking on the phone so I always just text.
yeah we should! But do what?
it was so good :)
I agreed!
I'm so glad we are finally going!
So Tia not returning to the game next season
JUSTIN BIEBER COMMERCIAL JUST CAME ON!!!! LOLZZZZZ
shake in those boots! ::Diddy bops::
Great #ish is gonna happen today!
no matter how hard situation is a smile can always make things better :D
#FF she has a great show that reminds us to embrace all things & she isn't afraid to share her female voice.
I did wonder if it was you!
there is a great independent record store in covington mainstrasse I also hear there is one in downtown Cincy now on main.
u better
Just had the opportunity to see this kid Sir Foster perform and he was off the chain. Must check him out!
New vids and stills in the next coming weeks!!!! Keep your eyes peeled at www.rlimaging.com in new work section.
Need Mother's Day Gift ideas? Join us with #ESGiftChat today @ 2p.m. CST - live with Earthsavers co-owner Jackie!
You would expect a premium WordPress theme to have the functionality it advertises. So disappointed in this purchase.
If I'd known today was I'd of baked a cake...or at least dressed myself and the boy up for work/school
we need to make a team trip to see the show!
#4thandForever is on TV every Thursday night at 9PM ET!
Tired of trying to decide between e-readers. New philosophy: Buy e-books now, decided on an e-reader later.
WALE album release party tonight at Opera!!!!
who was Jessica Chastain?
Weezy f. Baby and the f is for.... Wait hold on.... Is Weezy spelled wrong?
Twin Cities journos note #mnstorm hashtag that HiPat, MnDOT say they'll use for future winter storm events. News we can use.
As much as I sleep you think I would be awake. Actual I'm just really upset and tired.
(((TOMORROW NIGHT))) Calle 66 @ Salsa Under the Stars: 2000 Mountain Road NW. See ya there!
just told my mom D.E.R.P (drop everything an plank) and then told her if u not weird, u not grand girl lol im weird
O shoot, thanx. Forgot about the carpet. That is a sin.
Philly fans are the worst. (Actually tied with Red Sox and Yankee fans)
The day off still feels like I'm at work LOL
I yield to no one
the answer is no
already have done all those scrub
you deserve it! And I can't wait to see your cool new haircut.
Goodnight Moon by Margaret Wise Brown: Go to bed!
Sinatra’s first solo album, The Voice of Frank Sinatra, was released in 1946.
getting ready to start yodleing again
I don't believe I do? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
At the Badger game. Go Red!
What is up and coming for #NZwine in 2011? -- Viewer question
I heard that! ": The #HEAT are going 16-0 #2012Champs"
Anybody have connections to Comcast Foundations staff, or high ups in Comcast?
Thanks, Grace! Hope you can make it out :)
Now I remember why I avoid commuting home during after work rush hour.
whatever. Oh & you can't date mariah
He gets his own room at NYPL. Good for him and we benefit by his books. All in all a win win.
welcome to Maine brother! Best lobster there is!
my band Hellfire Revival is playing tomorrow at the Limelight for the Radio Free Nashville benefit...come by and check it out
YES BEST DAY EVER
They aren't perfect, but we continue to improve them and build out their functionality
No quit fighting! Its realy not worth it. I promise you
Gotta feeling dis Prom gone b dead
spending time with family
Welcome to all of our new ToG followers! Are you all ready to start a brand new, grace-filled week with us?
A. Bynum after last night's win: "Note to self, the more I play D the better we will be." Took him a triple-double to realize that?
#UMass cuts its to 6 with 1:00 to play. #Stanford to the line for 2
More #FF Fight for Air Climb friends
RT : It was great to see you this morning at #smbseattle [Jenni, I'm *jealous* I haven't seen Rod in ages!]
< Thx so much, I'm in great company!!
ICON Fridays! $50 Ciroc Bottles! One Night Only! Hit me up for Bottle Reservations ASAP. We will sell out on tables:
its in the micro
- certainly not the same swagger you bring to your events, but many devotees
my life,, ima be out next weekend
Inbox 24. Don't think it is going to get any better than that before 2012.
Dear #Books-A-Million, I love your wonderful Charlotte/Concord Mills store, & will do my part :) to make yr numbers...
I might try and fake that I'm sick in the morning just so I don't go to school......
Aw, that girl has a big black "X" on her hand, how adorable
Chuckie Cheese.. Shift Coordinator
I mean the classes she is in, can't you report her and get moved out of those classes or have her moved?
GM ppl
I'm that way whenever I wake up LOL!
and I have spotted our favorite HCMC doc out in the real world. We're playing it cool and not asking for his autograph.
Yep still ugly cried during the scene with the musicians playing till the end in Titanic.
"Amber loves ebony dicks" f(x) needs to make a comeback so the Amber tag can stop being 60% shit like this.
RT : Early sponsors include and Thanks for believing in the power of #bacon and
": I shine we all shine"I eat we all eat!!!!
Damn it's ten 30 I I still ain't did the shit I said I absolutely had to do
Youu got everything a woman want but I still wanna spoil ya!!
Converting a desktop-only site to mobile-aware (ie. #responsive) after-the-fact is a lot of trouble. ProTip: Design for mobile first!
Ghiz pulling the Stephen Harper fake smile during pol debate
do you have any hair care tips? I liked your facial recipes and I wondered if you had hair recipes.
working on some new summery flavors...watch out Austin! It's about to get delicious up in here
I'm going to keep this in mind!
If you live in North #Atlanta check out They just opened and the selection is awesome.
Wish I were there, but will watch the live stream. See you in June for Div IV!
thanks for the RT!
if i told you, you had a nice body would you hold it against me
hope he goes there (;
Thanks for your RTs! We have more presentations from #PCUS still to come!
Stay safe in the snow! Don’t do anything dumb, like a lick a light pole or slide belly first down a hill.
put in work at twerk and now eating with the fam yummy
: is such a lucky lady...
ice ice baby :) but that works too, iceyyy baby (;
no software man. It's about 500 hours and 10,000 lines of code from a talented developer and designer from scratch.
Me and goin on a moonlit drive jammin to Notorious B.I.G.
Dear CLT airport, please get rid of the bathroom attendants...now.
Going to be a long season
But you ain't really ready for that tho <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>...
#milwaukee Water originating in our national forests provide drinking water for over 3400 communities&approximately 60 million individuals.
I think I'm going to adopt "perspective matters" as my new mantra
It's technically a "caucus" though, not a debate.
Aint tryna be cocky, I got cho heart in my pocket
We just surpassed 2,000 scans! Keep on fooling your friends ;-)
thanks muchly for the RT, Mark! You rock!
Love yourself first before you can get anyone else to love you too
cant decide where to go to lunch
Whatever crap this is on HGTV is making me appreciate our realtor. You know, like her ability to listen to what we needed in a house.
Great to meet in person. conference was stellar.Having on stage = cherry on top. Can't wait for Summit.
You cannot fight everyone but you can make everyone die of laughter
if Hollins has KG's "vote of confidence", then im all on board! he must have something!
Afternoon Classes: Monday to Friday 1:00-5:00pm..Totally 20 hours course for per week.
Congrats, Lucia!
"Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice."
Phoenix, AZ- need females for nude photoshoot. Pay ranges from 100 to 500 dollars depending on your look. (Casting Code B3)
upload it!
hahaha ... you're right!!
praying for you, my friend.
I Ching~ The Creative knows the great beginnings. The Receptive completes the finished things.
"A person reveals his character by nothing so clearly as the joke he resents." ~G. C. Lichtenberg
/path/to/endpoint?message is no different than path.to.endpoint.message in an OO language
Yess you do (:
Still have 2 vip 2 day passes for sale to Bayou Country Fest! Asking face value $650 for the pair!
I can't wait. I missed last night but hope to catch up tonight :)
crap! i blamed my nephew. can i borrow to entertain my nephew so i can get in his good graces?
good luck BFF!
Who's watching the Thunder vs. Dallas game?
Do you like forums?
granted. Head home and have a nice beer.
Thanks for the suggestion. This has happened a few times now.
Pretty excited that long hair with one side shaved is back in style for hipster girls. Though I guess they weren't called hipster last time.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort. <-- The TRUTH !
Wonderful project! I love it when people dream BIG!
or perhaps those video folks jumped the shark?
bus intel, innovation, incomplete info. At SSP conf. and feel energized, like I am back at UofM SI Info Econ prog. inspiring.
Lmbo at these older guys talking in the weight room about using anabolic steroids? Really dude? Why?
Student quote: "I love chess because it has real nice moves. I love chess because it's the best game in the world!" - Jonathan, 8
Thanks girl !!! Miss you not being here also , hope you are good , and staying busy !!!
U & I may have different Pledge ideas, but I like your idea as well. Would certainly like pols pledging to support const.
but is was an American #craftbeer not a socialist wannabe.. But I do love belgians.. The ladies and the beer
Thank you lol already done
Rise N Grind who won last nite passed out thunder, or maverivks..
The total raised by Indiana AIDS Walk (drum roll, please...) $201,398.14!!!!!!
hey shay I am a huge fan ur amazing and I hope you have a beautiful awesome spectacular birthday!!!!!!!!
If u no me then u no my real hair long , but I wear weave just cs I can do that , cheap or expensive bitch I bought it with my money
do you believe in magic in a young girls heart
I was trying to surprise you!!!:)
thanks for RT
Nicole Scherzinger is adorable aw
Hi! Thanks for stopping by #TwSIG. I like sharing your work with others. What's your next paper on Twitter use? Let us know!
Reading where "popular" painter Thomas Kinkade died. Who? Am I that far outside the mainstream? Again!?
keep calling her a slut all of u watch yourselves
Dale Sveum a Cub / Theo Epstein makes his mark / will Prince soon follow?
hey girl :D. I might not answer right away im on the bus having staring/quiet contest xD
When the postmaster stopped riding his then necessary horse to bring you the mail: that's when postal services should have been privatized.
If Junior Seau said in his suicide letter to have his brain researched for the hits he took, it definitely makes bounty gate look even worse
A day in a life of an abused husband.
Hope to see all our FITzee mamas at #MamaFest tonight! Join us w/ for a night of fun at La Costa Resort & Spa!
What a beautiful Sunday!!!!
Thank you for following. Will you be at Llly Dale NY this summer?
too much drama. no one is focusing on Believe. logging off bye.
haven't tried it yet, but meeting burner looks interesting.
-`hate when a boy say I can be his Lowkey. :'That just Pisses me off!^_^
Good, busy of course. Going to sxsw this year? How are things with you?
haha hey no hard feelings man, best of luck to you guys this year, loyalty to a team is important, thru good and bad times
i'm always at work when my friends aren't and vice versa. so my life pretty much sucks.
"Life Has a Way" and " Broken Man."
Being afraid you'll hit the lifeguard chair when doing your windup for the relay start #WhoTheHeckDecidedToPutThatThere?
Spam DM from … Thanks.
This shit is stupid.
can't wait for the new season of Community!
Need some caffeine to get me through this week .. <U+2615> study study study..
OK, I'm in — and is officially out on the town!
Its all fun and games till someone gets hurt :) hahahaha ! So true !
Voices in the Clouds got into San Diego Asian Film Festival. Come to San Diego in Oct to hang out with us.
Fascinating - OBAMA jobs bill voted down in the SENATE tonight!
Tied with after day 1 of #MarchMadness ... great minds think alike
Kids in this town dead ass are just straight up losers. Nothing better to do with their lives
It shouldn't be an issue at all!!! It is 2012, isn't it???
Here we go 4 days, 4 nights, don't let us down.
Apparently, according to GOP voters #Liberty is an #UnpopularOpinion... so too is the Golden Rule.
Kvails is on draw something and bored in the car
Omg Nevada is dumb the cops in this state are dumb omg I've never heard such bitchassness b4 well welcome to Nevada
Just saw your mother's prayer, you are the best thing since sliced bread and moira kalman.
I definitely changed my tag name.
fontaines!! Love their fried seafood basket lol
Wouldn't it be nice if there was someone out there who would fund your dreams? ;)
Nice testimonial: "App in Seconds is the missing link in mobile app development" Sam Collins, Eventasaurus. Thanks Sam!!!
annoying my neighbors designing dance kick drums. sorry, neighbors!
noice!(: your a twitter freak... Hahaha
have you read 'The Lean Startup'?
Please no rough pavement
Thanks Jimmy!
When will that day come when i see the REPLY or FOLLOW from u my luv!!=D <3 <3...")
What is a Capiluto anyways?
yeah that sounds good! I don't have SL fridays so just let me know.
Shut Up
lol of course XP
Yo this bitch is annoying
: I license my tweets under a Creative Commons Public Domain Dedication license.
Resilient RedBirds. WorldSeries size wow!
Downhole Products Receive Prestigious Queen’s Award
George Karl lets do this
7-inch releases are fun, glad they're back in vogue, but I love 10-inch releases even more. Congrats on your 7s
I'm happier with #GH than I've been in years! It's not perfect, but it's good soap again.
There is EXCITEMENT in the air in Las Vegas. Too bad I am ready for bed. Saving up for tomorrow.
lol at "she didn't want you no way"
oh and Merry Christmas!:) im sorry im just looking at you're tweet now:P i haven't been on in forever well i love you a lot!
Am I seeing straight? Did Chris Davis really just strike out Adrian Gonzalez?!
I swear to God, if I get another ovarian cyst, I'll do my own hysterectomy. This one is so painful.
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 45
Will the Nerfs be available to the public?
Why did Ms Vavra make us turn our books in I need the equations and crap for this homework WE DIDNT TAKE NOTES
did you not smile #buttmunch ?
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed. - Michael Jordan
Happy Birthday Lady Gaga
thanks Mr.White I can't wait.
Chris Bosh would be outplayed by an Oompa Loompa right now.
oh, good joke. Just kidding, I will be a good sista & help you! Can't wait to see you. (:
I'm tweeting from underneath my desk, where I'm curled up in the fetal position. Soon I'll move on to eating a gallon tub of ice cream.
It's way to early for this
): iknw im not your type . for you , you will think that i cant changed . but im changing to a btter person .
Happy Holidays to all and Merry Christmas to my fellow Protestants kickin' it manger-style!
HAHA some photos are up. I'm actually SMILING in some! Haven't been that happy during a race in a while. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
@ Thanks for the follows!
Man, 74 degrees right now. Super nice. It's 4:20 some where!!!
is heading out to knock on doors! I will be interviewing with Sun Times Ed Board tommorow morning.
RT These years are essentially the waiting game
Hitting the bricks today to sell some Metro beer. Look out, all you accounts who don't carry us! I'M COMING FOR YOU.
I love playing guitar so much, therapeutic in such a beautiful way
hi, popping by the bar for a bit. Say hi if you're around & not slammed. Stripes. End of A side.
My father always used to say that when you die, if you've got five real friends, then you've had a great life.
I'm looking at your camera policy. Is my Canon DSLR considered a "professional" camera? I make no money with my hobby, btw.
Traffic silly in the city I should of stayed put
Need custom/personalized snapbacks ?? ---> OR <---
I cleaned my bookshelf this past weekend. luv them like children, but must let some of them go. too many!!!
Brewers won in an epic inning in walk off fashion!!!
I bet he was thinking, "Sweet. I think I got away with it." until he reads your tweets. "CRAP! I was caught! #embarrassed"
I can feel the suffering of the people I love
trying out
have you seen Jessica Simpson lately? We're getting close
that was fun! Did I tell you about the reanimated corpse police (mention) in Twain's The American Claimant? He's the best!
RT : we'll be there homies! RT“: Can't wait to play this week! We'll be on the stage by Theatre...
Is this thing on? (screech)
fried chicken person
Check out the Photos tab to view pictures of our booth at the LPL Financial conference in Boston.
With the Internet in my hotel out of commish, AT&T has become my savior. What a strange role reversal.
Beware the Ides of March
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
Welcome back to TX and keep George Washington in line.
Beating up people at a show doesn't make you cool. Get out of here.
"Please don't leavee me" - Pink
Goodnight my Tweethearts:)
Definitely! It was unreal! Pretty dramatic last inning!!
for the latest news coverage and videos on the Sept 19 vigil, go to www.fortheloveoflisa.com
:) that was exactly what I needed. Perfect ending to my day.
Everyone please pray for my baby cousin Isaac he goes into surgery tomorrow.
": It's hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember."
This sat. its going down best dressed couple contest and and mixing it up all night long
I have 4 things to do today: 1.Library 2.Run 3.Chicken Dinner 4.
When and where in Houston,tx are you'll doing auditions?
freaking out cause I got tickets to Austin's concert, nbd tho. What about you? :)
Pleased to be following you on Twitter...here's to future digital collaboration!
What is the chalkboard session?
my nephew lol
-_____- you're so nice lmao, I couldn't breathe I kept saying it!
It really depends on the type of meetings your running...
Lil Wayne Producer Bangladesh Plans Future Collaborations With Ke$ha
im saying everybody all like fuck the bulls
The silence overwhelms, upon the whispering wind it bends its malevolent will, and in its cold hands it crushes these violet souls.
spoiled brat
yeah my mavs and bulls not doing so hot either
hmm, you're obviously not doing that lol.
I'ma tell 'em to hit you up!! man I can't sleep for nothing & I got school in the mornin' >.<
Or students could chill out about the library.
Let's get #BurnDownWWEHQ trending, since it will be foreshadowing what I'll be doing in the next hour.
you can take the fan out of Philly...
is my real twitter!(:
heh RT : A little disappointed my Emperor Palpatine allusion during today's union executive committee meeting went unnoticed.
what why I see it all anyways
not as embarrassing as me walking into the wrong dormitory room today thinking it was my room
Ppl already know what it is when they drop your iphone..
...fun killer.
Happy 12th BIrthday!!!
Last day of the madness
get it, girl!
You SEE things differently when you THINK things differently! ~Rick Godwin
johnny's tavern, the place to be for 8-0 perfection!!!
Podstar up next, then The ACB's, and last, !
LOVING 6/29/11 guesting on Jay & Silent Bob Get Jobs podcast. Come hear the softer side of Ralph on Smodcast,com
john, have I told you lately that I love you? #serioustweet haha
Realization tonight: The past three times I've taken vacation, it was to go at least 500 miles north. Maybe I need to look into beaches.
Yo gabagabba is one of the creepiest kids shows
Hi Luce How's the movies :)
Thanks for the #PRFF shout out!
I am starting to think that #Apple really sucks as a company lately. Poor customer service, sweat shops & bad executive decisions
Looking forward to San Diego on April 15! Come ride w/ CAF Operation Rebound athletes...& join us for a drink in the beer garden
cap and trade yes, besides that everything else was necessary for long term stability. don't forget how we got to this point!
The #brewers went 16-2 over an 18 game stretch of NL Central only opponents
What if Lent is an ancient solution to shaping up for swimsuit season?
Oh I see what you meant...I misunderstood your meaning at first.
You have to come find me and I'll give you one!
addicted 2 following ppl on tumblr
Good morning everyone!!! Have a blessed day!!
Climax - Usher
RT : My Inspiration for the Pink Carpet Event Crave Restaurant Susan G. Komen Race for the Cure®......
Excited to meet our awesome dive captains at tonight's Lake Travis Underwater Cleanup Dive Meeting!
oh yeah :)
Agh, I suck. I was making a video for Liam's birthday, but there's no way I'm gonna finish it in time now.. -.-
Clearly. They can't hang with our stuff. I would have been there if the ice wasnt at 7 and I live an hour away
Thanks Rachel!!
Well, if you insist...
He should have never witnessed that .
Bitch you cant tell me nothing
cause of something that happened with the guy I like. Haha
Check out www.wagonwheelchronicles.com to learn more about us via our good friend Andy Frazier!
you and christopher are so cute together!!!!
for only $4.99 you can get my book 77 tried and true home based business @ www.createmoneyweb.com
Keith sweat will always remind me of Vegas. Always.
If never gave anything I'd quit trying, but it taunts me. I really wanted a Slo Poke or Sugar Daddy or something.
Party time niggas:D
After getting about 22" of snow here, this weekend has been a great time to do some writing to revise our Armor Your Self™ training seminar
heads up play by Santana! #goTribe!
happens when fantasy minute it supposed to start
tomorrow at Americas Food Show Miami Beach convention center ... come and see us
careful w/ your voice when you have an upper respiratory infection or sore throat. Don't push, rest and hydrate.
still a real nigga red coogi sweater dice roller
Frustrating day. Miss home on days like this. No, Minneapolis is not home. Milwaukee will always be home
Excuse me I just tweeted!
Appreciate the RT!
Found my phone. Thought I lost it last night. It was in my friends purse
Nothing is more fulfilling and energizing than sharing your gifts and talents!
Had a major butt wedgie this afternoon, no worries, Coach B got it for me...
Thank you for the RT's!
tha carter IV officially drops august 22nd!! tell everyone!!
- great job on yours, too! wonderful imagery.
wow i'm off twitter for 2 weeks and now i have 65 followers out of no where thanks guys ill follow back soon (:
RT : Mavs lead over at the half 44-43. Dirk and Bosh both lead their teams with 13 pts each.
Stand out, Get noticed and be Visible.
some people never learn
Saturday was fucking amazing
Say what? cmd-M doesn't minimize a Chrome window anymore?
Just got up
no jasons iron man cause hes got the robot suit. U captain merica.
when you leave
FOLLOW-----> SHES MY BFFL AND SHE TWEETS A LOT!
can u email that pic to us?
"My checks have baby farm animals on 'em" ... Awesome. Only show that makes me laugh in fits.
You were fake i was great nothing personal. Never get sick of that line.
Thank you! :)
I will represent any of the dreamers and supporters who were arrested today for free. I did not go to the protest for that very reason... I
the Mask
St Patty's Day celebrated by cutting another 5+ minutes out of Life Tracker, and about to drink with friends :)
well that just got to me...
missed you while you were in. Hope you had a good visit at Wex.
TGIF...Oh crap I forgot every day is Friday for me.
Big drive for #Tebow and the Great 2nd half so far!!!!
The Teen is Sweet Sixteen. How did THAT happen?
awww. thats sad,, i live close to the beach... but not that close.. alot of people got there houses messed up by there. its sad
RT : Very proud mommy tonight. The 11-year old participated in a public speaking competition and did an amazing job.
nice! Mine didnt come true yet -.-
ok I guess
I need 2 get my followers up so I can say "back n the day when I ain't have no followers dey wouldn't fux w me. Nw dey DM tryna suck on me"
you are right that is a sick song, Also the live video of Hurt on youtube is crazy. Reznor gives one of the best performances
it's cool, unfollow me then
Hungry, what should I get?
Pastrami Dip from The Hat for lunch...
Your steak aint no hipper than my pork chop.Your champagne aint no hipper than my soda pop. said it all when he said it.
#Ravens are in the playoffs for the 4th straight year now we just need to get a home game.
I'm punishing my brother. I won't let him use the elite maps in MW3.
Get em Matt Barnes!!!
The way Saul Alinsky keeps getting mentioned, he sounds like a Farmville character
- for buffalo wings on Superbowl Sunday :)
awesome to see you and glad to be a part of the upcoming DC event.
Happy Easter!
Our $6.50 special for today is a mouth-watering hot Italian sub served with chips! It'll make you forget the words "Penn Station."
Haha yes I have been putting together a tentative menu...send some recipes my way and we can always add, cannot wait!
need workout tanks for us ladies :-)
what a game! Henrique with the series winning goal in double overtime!!!
Those too are it they are my favorite especially Prince Royce!!!:)
RT : Casey Anthony guilty on providing false info to cops. Not guilty on murder, manslaughter and child abuse.
He's unemployed AND has time to fist-pump for 16 hours. What are the odds?
's would like to see staff trained/using analytics the same sense they're trained on Outlook, etc. Bravo!...
i acttually did.okay but i was trying to be funny, your dumb because you didnt get it dumbass! -_____________-
It's quiet in the library tonight. Maybe I'll slip over to the leisure reading and pick out a funny book to read until it's time to go home.
New phone! DM me if you want me to text you(:
have you ever taken some time to compare how david treats his fans and how 1d treat their fans? it's just sad.. :(
Other notable players from today's scrimmage: Isaiah Williams, Marcus Trotter, Dez Southward and Conor O'Neill.
see you in LA High Times!!!
Mail it to me
Make memories not mistakes.
Nice endorsement of on Cheers for Snapseed for #photography!
don't run over, lol
RT if you can't wait for ! Featuring the lovely & the handsome ! :) I know I can't! :)
Twitter lite.. For right now... Stay tuned for updates..=)
they score 3 points at a time?
hit some golf balls - my hand is hurting! But maybe that's because I hit it straight today!
whats not happening
Wow #oomf wow.
The fog had now buriedall heaven
Aww. Thanks hun for that you get a shoutout
thx adrea! academic and school librarians can't exist unless we have people to collaborate with on curriculum and collections.
Seller client gift purchased , wrapped and ready for delivery to her tomorrow along w/ settlement check & packet. Happy!
then again my she will
You know what i hate when the securitys rush the one celebrity you love & you want to take a picture & they have to leave D;
All I've been encountered today is Brazilian men <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
sweet! where are you on 18? I will try to swing by tmrw morning.
SMH babes its so difficult out here
The PhilmGuy Reviews: 'The Five Year Engagement' Starring Jason Segel and ... - OK! Magazine
OKC #Sweep Heat #WinInThe5th Bulls #DontEvenStartWitMe Western NBA Playoffs>Eastern NBA Playoffs. #RealTalk Thunder Better Take It All
Agreed. RT : Need guitar pickups? Have you talked to Pete Biltoft from Vintage Vibe Guitars, yet? You won't be disappointed
Emily on Sen. Snowe: I can't imagine giving up a senate seat b/c of the rancor in the chamber. Do we believe there's more to her decision?
I don't have it with me, what's on page 43?
#ravennation is ready so pumped
I'M GOING TO NY!! I'VE BUYED ONE.. BUT DIDN'T GET A MEET+GREET.... :'( PLEASE FOLLOW ME... THAT MAKES MY DAY A LITTLE BETTER
Suggestion from panel: Spend cash on Facebook ads instead of posters and fliers. I agree, but posters and fliers are important
..you still managing artist?
#kced says UDL is also a vodka drink in Australia.
This drive is sofa king long
i luv u so much wit all my heart prodigy
I'm not sure, if it still is then that's stupid. Wasn't interested in their horrible suggestions to begin with.
i dont press no chick, especially on twitter so plz relax my lady, im not the type to dine and dash im the type to count the cash
sorry again. I blame this all on ketterer.
If I'm late to class because of your ass, it's gonna be your ass
it depends when. I got therapy with ol Bryan again. But I'll ask
she works, at the desk maybe? IDK for sure. Her name is Anka!
Oh man sorry to hear that. Anything docs can do?!
Interesting! RT After using social collab regularly I now get frustrated using email. Anyone else? If so, why?
That's it, nothing else!!
Why can't this guy I like notice me!!!!!!! I wish he would like me back.....
I will fall asleep and go flying off the tredmill
Run up there and pull a on them. “Yo guys, ...Imma let you finish, but girls kick butt with #edtech too”
No problem! Have a great weekend!
When seasoning a salad, use coarse sea salt mixed with a little olive oil. It will stay crunchy when combined with the vinaigrette.
it would suck if justin was one of those celebrites that tweeted like once a month. i love how he comes on a few times a day to talk to us.
Just wrote a new song!
We SO miss you too!!
The mayans were right.
Saw Inside Job(.com) at DGA last night. Like most docu's it's frustrating yet informative. I'd make sure your investment/banker sees this!!
do you know how frustrating making a gif can be
thank you :0) going to try again on Thursday. We'll have to run together one of these days. :0)
Keep in mind that I actually had to lean over to roll down my window which made rolling it back up too awkward of an option.
I just picture you in your room crying by yourself. Am I right, or am I right?
You are welcome! Love the work you do!
FREE MY DUDE BOOSIE!!!!
If you can find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere ~ Frank A. Clark
yes Kyle you do! Seriously (:
Need to text me back b4 shit get real real
Many thanks for the RT! We appreciate the support.
watching Glee! So exited
you don't follow me? Lol
Daam im up now
Driving away from Schramm, I start crying. My dad looks back and goes "Are you crying?" And I go "I'm fine."
we'll heckle in her favor.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
I kno im finna sleep good its rainin too
Thanks for the heads up re: the hacking. Yooz guyz are good, right, kind and true.
Telling that Groupon not mentioned until the end of revenue chat. No longer as feared!
its hard to get into them .
That's the thing i don't do.
While in the UK, I visited the "grave" of King Arthur. Was his "Roundtable" another #leadership paradigm?
New myspace, New song, New tour dates go check it out!!!!
I think sometimes we give the devil way too much credit when a lot of the time the battle is really just with your flesh...
The prototypes of your new flip flops are sweet!!
I'll keep my pinterest reading board updated with books!
Yayy. My Godmother is heree. <3 I haven't seen her in like a year.. #MissedHer <U+2665>
A glass of wine makes it much easier to talk to my mom on the phone.
We feel the same way!
after a super long rough 2 years, I'm FINALLY not a freshman in college.
Thank you for joining us and helping to make it our biggest and best show ever.
“: #Boom. RT : When asked why came to #USC he said because "It's the best."” You know it!
LMAOOO!!! I am so happy RT Y'all I can't even flex. I got my ass played last night. Shit hurt my feelings
OMG! Who thought this was okay? bread in a can!?!?
is a nice haven from all the green people tonight
Great... had a blast in Hilton Head and kinda diggin' on having my Equity Card! Lots of auditions and opportunities!
I love when people looking for proof of god get cause and effect confused in their mental gymnastics.
+Yea, baby its just me... That's how it will always be+ Looking for a sense of self..
the first one will be on kindle soon. in a few weeks.
I don't care how this day goes. It's too beautiful not to pick up my 9 iron!
Stay tuned!!! I'm coming up!!! This show is pretty awesome!!!
sure, without the hot weather. anarchy could be a beautiful thing if "sold" right.
VA is 12th in percentage of students attending public schools(94%)—1,235,795 students attend our public schools. (Congressional Quarterly)
Drive is what I gotta Strive for first !
I am working today. I talked to and he is looking at hotels this week.
Agreed- They are all over our thread! RT what is with the 'I've lost over a stone in just 2 weeks all thanks to HCG! ...
no recipe- he says he is still perfecting it but I thought it was perfect! Bacon,eggs,onions, leftover Ha Long Bay rice.
sounding like a seasoned vet already.
I am about to make another glorious meal for dinner!
wonderful. so excited for you guys. Can't wait to watch it progress
#ThanksJustin for everything . He still teaches me to #nsn and #JustDreamBig . I love him , he's my hero . And 1 day i'll meet him , I know.
Yes, good group of coaches just bad luck this year with injuries
Huh, on the one hand surprise Jensen where you least expect him! on the other, I wonder if he knows they're using his pic?
No thank you!! Can't wait to serve with you guys tomorrow for RED day!
No doubt about it, homie. Not hating on his game, only the players of his game.
Felt 3: A tribute to Rosie Perez. Slug&Murs produced by Aesop Rock. I like.
This is the first time I've flown without an infant/toddler since 2007. Actually looking forward to 6 hours of uninterrupted reading.
and again..out till 1am..wtf..
I'm pretty sure they are ok with their cup
Not with that ass issue you've got goin on!!
Thanks for the RT. Sorry I didn't know about the conference sooner!
"does awareness matter when considering change?"- dr.barner's question to us during our workshop
Holding it down in Chi town!
- Dumb and Dumber is on. Watch it so that you can laugh.
Joe, I just favorited a tweet for the first time ever. And it 'twas yee tweet.
OIG recommend reduce cost of attendance for dist ed, require verification of identity for dist ed students, and retain IP addresses
what u doiin now ???
have you seen the fucking prices on stubhub? FUCKING ASININE.
I don't got it easy, but I don't think anyone really does.
#OKC wish they could have James Harden back and #OrlandoMagic wish they could have Dwight Howard back lol
I want to write a play about libraries.
Thank you, Marsha! Glad you enjoyed the Infographic!
Public Radio achievement unlocked! I was compared to Carl Kassel! Thanks, CC:
Truly. Who thought that was a good idea? RT : Don't care what Tim Wise has to say if he hasn't watched the show...
My nickname is Isabelle the Killer.
RT : It's National Tourist Appreciation Day! Thank you to all who visit Milwaukee. We're always happy to have you!
I need to write a new blog entry
It's a date :) Enjoy the rest of your travels!
Love it how Europeans prefer to call their right wing scumbags "populists"
Holding too tightly to the pain of the past is unhealthy. I'll never forget those pains, but I must be willing to let them go. Let it go...
The most well spoken and intelligent celebrity. You made the team name.
How do you feel about Pac-12 bowl lineup? I was hoping to see better bowls and an annual matchup against SEC w/ realigment
Kind of cool, Google "zerg rush" and "tilt"
You correct me when i'm lookin wrong…
The bitterness of love is twin of its hope.
I bet most guys are this way
but should fan pages have family photos? The music you like? Religious and political affiliatipn? How much is too much?
Thanks , likewise!
Lovin' the pro-active spirit!
2nd job interview is
It's been a while since I felt butterflies. Do you feel the same way too?
Where does your foot traffic come from? Programs or exhibitions? Does this shpe the goals of your programs?
Thanks for the mentions
for someone who hates me, you sure love talking about me a lot.
I hate spoiled, ungrateful kids.
So the point of the "Kobe System" is Kobe is an arrogant prick? Got it. Thanks.
that awkward moment when you realize you've worn peach, black and green pants this week..but no bluejeans. workproblems
Going to be at the Rail Club in Ft Worth tonight to promote for the upcoming show. Come out for some free sampler cd's!
hah its cool my hands look like a disco ball
Thank you for your support last night! Wouldn't have been the same without you!
We are excited to hear from you, whether it is to find an employee or find employment.
Maybe march. Not sure though : /
Tired and jet lagged, can't wait to get home and sleep in my own bed.
reading Eisenhower: Soldier and President
These carrots would be better if they weren't carrots.
Waiting 4 Katherine Strewart 2 speak abt her book "The Good News Club"
Thank you and right back at you! And thanks for the best ever paper.li!
8 flavahz are great but not my favorite!! Sorry guys I only look up to and
no fatties or fems....
- Welcome Ajay! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
lol can I retweet like 39 times I need to emphasize it lol I Just on some ruthless money over all shit lol
In order to own a successful business you have to be comfortable with marketing and sales!
I like your way of thinking. :)
oh cool haha the only good part of massachusetts is boston like the city part :)
damm I want a plate lol
I'd like you to come, so I will be asking :)
Awww 11:11<3 i cant even imagine how upset he is
Airfares on busy routes go up by 10-25 per cent
RT “Because we don’t think about future generations, they will never forget us.” -Henrik Tikkanen
Great book. Read My Name is Sangoel about a Sudanese refugee (PB)
Still looking for the perfect Valetine's Day gift? Give your sweetheart the gift of health, and join the Y together!
Getting close to 1,000 :D
love yyou please follow me
Need to go shoping
Will finish a painting by Friday for my aunt & uncle's 50th wedding anniversary in June. Must finish before next class begins!
“: If you tickle me, I'm not responsible for your injuries.”
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! <33
if u r a filmmaker - this is a must to know about: www.MakeYourMovieNow.com
once again! Worry about your own Damn state for once!
Don't let the cold keep you away!! We'll be open all day! :)
Galileo's Dream, by Kim Stanley Robinson.
Later this month we'll be doing some give-aways on the Small Town Living Blog. If you want to get a jump on other potential winners take a m
Thanks! We greatly appreciate your support and love showcasing your beautiful products. Another photo shoot tomorrow!
We have 2 shows coming up with The Higher!!! Dec. 11th in San Diego @ Soma and Dec.12th at the Victorville Event Center in Victorville!!!
Ready for this #UFandLSUGame!
Of Course Lol You Don't Have To Ask (:
We paid for Iraq by spending Social Security surplus. where we're those opposing SS tax holiday then?
Dark story written tonight, looking forward to sharing tonight.
follow me so I can
SWAG SURFIN RIGHT NOW....OH YEAH!
Thanks for the words of encouragement! I'm 1/3 of the way there!
That sad moment when you're used to talking to someone every day, then they slowly start fading away.
#bieberfact Justin started drumming at age two RT if you can drum!
Inflation. Those shells were only worth $15 in 1958
New Armistice jams in the works! Demoed a new song last night, finishing another one tonight! Whose pumped for some jams?!
if i made a vid wud sponsor me?
So it looks like I just got a training gig
First swim of the summer!!!!!! Yeah
Beauty Bar on Saturday. Plan on it. :)
Hair dye attempt #2. :)
damn dude that sucks im hoping to get $10 so i can download war in the north its 50% off on gamestop pc games
we are defs goin bowling again! And very very soon. I think I'm in love
Guy who created Apple Retail store and Target is in charge of new JCP stores. Really hope he can turn that store 360 degrees.
buying me good beer will make the ride seem better
Anybody heading out tonight in the #SFBayArea for some good grub and tunes? Let us know where!
When ppl are talking shit about you there is something about you that they wish that they can have
Un-winged and naked, sorrow surrenders its crown to a throne called grace.” - Aberjhani
it seemed like a month LOL !
oops, my last msg cut off. My sympathies for you and thanks for extending the olive branch to actors. A great 2012 to you.
Definitely made me cringe just now.
Some girl just said "please stop taking to me" oh really!!!!! Oh my god Stevie is so good!!!
On my way downtown for #SxSW where should I go first?
Is gas really 4 dollars now. What's up LA? Really......
Why do people outside the Eastern time zone insist on using the expression "film at 11"?
Moving sucks. Come burn things in my yard :) I hear will be there too!
Just DO it! ~ Nike Advertising Slogan
love you from 10yrs younger!! Thanks for the support with Rain Cosmetics!! You're the BEST!!
It's hump day in H-Town. Let's make something happen, people!
Guess what's not nearly as much fun as I thought it would be? Wigmaking.
"Sometimes"? RT : The left is too gottdamn emotional sometimes. What point would moving the convention serve?
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one. - Albert Einstein
When setting-up a #donor visit, don't have the meeting on the phone! Focus on scheduling. Suggest dates & times.
Apparently I previously uninstalled Skype in a fit of rage. I don't remember that, but I certainly believe it.
AINT NO PUSSY LIKE NEW PUSSY.....IUNNO GIRL ITS SUMTIN IT DO TO ME
Well I just texted you about Christian so... LOVE YOU!!! xx
Lucky, man. I'm hugging the back wall because I need a plug. Also, beware the White Queen.
Not right now,I'm on my way to the school to turn in an assignment.
The market manipulators did pull off a meager win on the DOW today.
Dude you have been ridiculous on the hot corner lately....so happy to see you in
#youknowthatneed 2 stop and make very obvious "lost" expressions before u turn around when u realize you are walking in the wrong direction?
This substitute teacher has lost her mind!!! And I'm about to help her find it
I have to be at work at 6:30 is the only reason I don't . . . Lucky!
never seen a bio written third person! Like the difference!
RT Club Life been over for Me, unless i go out of Town..then ill definitely shake it.
Big Day RT : . backers take control of at cvn, elected 2/3rds exe board, dominating delegates.
Medieval mead and tripe will not be on my holiday menu. Some dishes need to be retired, no matter how retro chic (crispy or Creole spiced).
Dare to value your work, people!
Eve and John have fucked this show up.
Thanks & SHOUT OUT to all of the 417 people that like my music page on facebook. 1LUV
Drinking champagne and eating the best apple pie I've ever had at the White House. I love America!
We would love to play this! next year? crickets... RT Austin Psych Fest will blow your mind once again Apr 29 - May 1 2011.
leggings, happy feet, high socks, a tutu, my softball shirt & idk what else yet hbu?
I woke up this morning in a Chinese familys rec room and they would NOT stop screaming. Oh man. Good night.
#Fitness #exercise Excuse of the Day: I just don't have time. What's your excuse?
When your sleeping on the airplane and wake up jolting your whole body.
Free social service sells your data. There's no way to pay FB, tw, etc 4 greater privacy. Consumer shd b ABLE 2 pay 4 privacy
"Oh, I'm good, I'm talking to my computer-phone while wearing pajamas and a perfect face of make-up. *Ukelele sound*"
Do You guys Think I'm Ghetto?? (;
is moving to england??
Thanks for the RT and glad to intro you to audioboo!
gotta find stuff to do this weekend, I guess.
Right back at you Roxie!
keep a look out for our indie film The Paddy Lincoln Gang. The director and lead are brothers from England, Ben and Dean Jagger
teacher: "give me an example of foreshadowing" me: "when harry sang 'lying naked on the floor' because now hes naked all the time"
#YouDontBelongOnTwitterIf She gave you her HEART, but you gave her your LIES.
in pain
I really don't wanna go to school tomorrow. FML
La Jolla watch out here we come!! Can't wait!!! Let the celebration begin...
that really suxs!!!!!!
The #GrapefruitHusband chat (for men to discuss issues and share ideas on how to become better husbands) will be starting soon. More 2 come.
(: one more day lol well n a half(:
Stoked for the party tomorrow!
if u don't got bus fare that's 1 thing but some ppl choose to walk miles for ntn cause they feelin themselves at the moment lol
my hairs a mess, college life i tell you! i wish i had hair!<3 can you say BEAUTIFUL! :)
You love it. Get ready to get tweetified!
are you pregnant?
Audiovisual archivists consider format & equipment obsolescence more dangerous than carrier deterioration. Have a digital plan yet?
Good Morning Fans! TGIF!!!
yep...lil ole you!!! I'm STILL waitin on you to tell me yes!!! lol
Thanks to everyone for the #FF shoutouts! Have a great weekend!
the porch might replace our beloved couch tonight... so nice out, Dublin for sure.
You said "It's too late to make it." But is it too late to try?
See you in less than five hours! We're a bit excited too, if you couldn't tell.
That would be worse than snow.
Love the excitement when teachers discover great primary sources workshops. Favorite word today? Cool!
Nice drive in the snow over the ice is coming up shortly,wanted 2 see if it will melt a little but @ 13*F (-11*C) i do not really think so..
thanks Ernesto for kind mention- have a great weekend
#Nw Weekend at bernie's
but u wasn't saying that 4 months ago tho when u was hating on them? Now that don't me since
Has anyone seen the great deal that has put up for this Saturday's #CSImilwaukee?
With all that ass in that man thong?! Idk playa idk RT : lololol I think I could handle him
Happy Birthday !
Sure send it to
Okay, April's final has been set free! Now onto May and Stamp Out Hunger!
Swimming in the rain? Yes please <3
no I am not lucky I am blessed random
Marketing for means not only marketing to the city but in the city. Socially, environmentally, leadership.
ok! thats my next pay day -- thats why I choose the date :) I'll remind you.
Big ups to Leslie Mouton and for the shoutout this morning & the Komen support! Can't wait to host race with you again Sat.!
Too many coaches have lost their players, & subsequently their jobs, by not recognizing when they need to step back. -PJ on involving staff
yes, is truly a Springtime highlight in Atlanta.
just mybe they have twitter and know just what you think of them or is that the point of this?
4.19 pounds of grass-fed beef liver from the farmer's market: $12.57. Nutrition density doe not have to be expensive.
you go girl!! Congrats!!
yuppers RT : Music lovers, educate yourselves & cop Pet Sounds/Smile Boxset now!
Pink is my favorite color! I love it! :]
"Additionally, a 2/3" sensor is not big enough." - Jim
Hey Patrick - thanks for the follow. I will check out your site.
yeah you get to celebrate all weekend hope you have a lot of fun
that's last fucking mean ... I would stop traffic for a week and no one would be allowed to cross that road until I die
Wassup with these tweets with everybody swearing how they "REAL" if you ask me y'all seem insecure
Made in Milwaukee still rockin in the rain. Support the best dang event in Milwaukee and local business. Its worth the time, smilin all day
I'm never going to leave Austin but..You know..He is getting on my nerves:/
Congratulations on “One More Lie” being selected as an ITW Best Short Story.
Eddie Murphy should not have pulled out. He should hav figured out a way to plug in Ratner
I will be there! Cant wait to mtg u!
When all the cute songs play on your ipod...<3
I blame #Siri for missing my appt this am. I can tell this is the beginning of a what will be a tumultuous relationship
Very impressed with the way has handled the whole situation of getting cut the day before the
To be alone with you. <3
Everyone, Beer-Volleyball season starts tonight. CAN'T WAIT
In two days I have seen the following abbreviations on publication covers. MAR & JUN <--- No room for a CH or E? Will September now be SEP?
lol...aight..relax before u get ur twitter feelings
if u like someone let it run free n tell the person don't just bottle it up in Ur heart n not tell him cuz then he'll not Noe n ya will be_
Where is the coolest place to go to get something for free on your birthday?
I love you too!!!
hopefully! also tell Gavin I'm sorry I rushed out of the grocery without stopping to chat - had to run home!
You might like to check out our travel posts at lynfuchs.blogspot.com. Latest post about a visit with the Maasai in Kenya.
heh, and all this time I thought he was bitten between the eyes by that mutant spider!
Few are those who see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts. ~ Albert Einstein
drinks with jen in belltown =)
i saw you :D
Join us today, 5-8pm, as we tend bar Prize wheel with goodies to win! Sexy beardos getting you drunk!
Just saw a kid in some fresh Jordans on the pay phone. "Bro, get a cellphone before some kicks."
Why is it that they cannot temporarily remove River Blindness fly breeding habitat?
follow on instagram
scares D:
“: and me!!:)”no problem hahahhaha
guess what song's in my head. That's right.. Thanks... Thanks a lot!
These girls getting naasssttyyyy
Honestly some fights we have I don't even remember because it was not that serious to begin with. AMEN!!
I have seen the light shining in the darkness, bursting thru the shadows, delivering the sun.
watching american dad .
who is that??
Now THAT'S a slogan I can back!
you can alternate... dance, then leap, dance, leap... I want to see a lot of that tomorrow! :)
huh? I can't kick no one out
Very proud of
Reading The Star Garden: A Novel of Sarah Agnes Prine by Nancy E. Turner.
lmfao. trying so hard to get to tweet me.
Each family has a different need. Some might require a home visit just a few hours a week,others may need a more intense level of homecare
we'll be sure to add you to our private party list next month
RT : This just in: FounderCorps members to join Study Hall today.
hey Vicki. I won't be on here for a few days. My Grandad died today. :'( </3 hope you're well.
hell yea! #getbasted tonight son. Stuff that turkey!
Fuck my car got stolen last night .
Seems like I'm heading up to Portland this weekend! here I come! Tips for Portland adventures anyone?
Yea that was a lie I guess
crooning standards in traffic.
Do you need more napkins
I can feel the excitement. Did I win a #Lisagor Award? No, I helped judge them & argued passionately for certain entries. Congrats, winners.
#hth2012 Frank: good point! earlier data access / preservation effort leveraged with new
That's why we're cursed!
you might need some rookie wr to supplement at wr. Early season waiver wires ftw.
Denton named co-chair of Commonwealth Business Council
Celeste, it is like deja vu all over again, does this mean another summer of gridlock and scandal?
I will let you know if there's any danger to the blogs.
The Daytona 500 has become a 3 day race. Can they change it up & drive right on the last day?
Thank you to all Veterans!
Just launched our collector's club! Take a look @ the 1st baseball, it printed really nicely (it's a Tobacco card ball): unforgettaballs.com
Very nice Manarium, love hard hairy muscular bodies with nice cocks.
getting higher man
I love having Megatron and McCoy
I find the pain of a little censure, even when unfounded, more acute than the pleasure of much praise. Tom Jefferson Hear that, Wall Street?
the term Bum will now be referred as Lindsey.
11 11 1993 Vietnam Women's Memorial dedicated in Washington D C conceived by army combat nurse Diane Evans sculpted by Glenna Goodacre
#InTheMorningIMustHave a moment to myself to thank God.
Merry Christmas to all my friends and family!!! Love you all!! :-)
Good' Night I Love You too.!(;
Guess I'm not the only one who likes to look at printed comps
an existence of metaphysical comprehensions...
Come to Boston:(
Today I saw a yellow butterfly near me, ahh they're my favorite.
y'all boys talking after 1 loss?
Thinking about the 3 31 09 Spread the Word to end the World www.r-word.org and also how cute Ashton is when he gets waxed....
Day 1 1347: Good to be back.
. is pushing the JPM spin that they were just doing loss mitigation on MSNBC pretty hard right now.
I'm going to watch bleach on adultswim again them I'm z
I saw this quote today and it completely rings true: Common sense is so rare it should be considered a superpower.
i've heard uses ink as his defense mechanism... hopefully you weren't splashed!
Money aint a thang, but we all seem so in love with the fakeness it brings. #whyisthat ?
just saw ur post about color me rad. They offered me a giveaway too! Lol.
Music has charms to soothe the savage beast, to soften rocks or bend a knotted oak.
": Here's my number, so call me maybe." Funny music video! Lol
Making cake which Is new to me because I hate cooking but I'm hungry.
AND they are under no obligation to give it #seniorcitizens #scams #aging,
Hell yes! Me too. Great minds... flirt with insanity?!
hahaha, "Snakes and Lattes" is an awesome name. :D ...def give Hive a shot though, you will like it :)
RT : It's Match Day today at Drexel University College of Medicine. Good Luck everyone!
Like this , like that .. like in 3 seconds if you wanna get kicked in the FACE !
President Obama has ordered the chair from #TheVoice, feels it would go well in the Oval Office...
Day 5 of not winning duh. Want to be over this snot infestation and move on to better times . . .
heck yes! Come see us and we will hook you up with a Birthday present!
yah! We just finished a new song called blackout. It's a more alternative/piano type!
Heck yeah! I haven't even been in love once and I'm older than her. Ha.
Thx for the mention the RT and welcome new followers
nice thats where im at now
Can't wait to see win the Masters one day..He's almost as good as although I've never seen him play
the awkward moment when i have to take the holland exchange student to anatomy & we're dissecting rats
lol not really
Hey matt! Truth or Adair? *slaps knee*
Professional Fitness Instructor/Trainers wanted..: Professional Fitness Instructor/Trainers wanted.. Inbox me yo...
men and women.
you HAVE to. I'm making this a formal request. I've filled out the paperwork and all, madame.
My house is filled with both good friends and food. This is good.
The zappos app may be the catalyst for my future financial ruin. I bought 3 pairs of shoes while lying in bed! Before 7am!
Nice to be finally working dual monitors.
I honestly care I just never show it. I hide things well.
I love PRINCETON follow me If you re MINDLESS 24/7.
haha omg! Did you watch her?
I wish I was. Perhaps I should be.
so I can laugh :)
We are going on a dinner adventure Friday and are taking suggestions for places for red meat and non red meat eaters! Tweet us your picks!
could we get an interview with ya?(:
& a kiss Onna forehead. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Is it too early to say that Call Me Maybe is the best one hit wonder of 2012?
Apocalypse now at the Josephine... So psychedelic.
No. Not a Chinese heart attack. A sinus infection.
that actually makes sense, setting it free from institutional association and allowing it to become public?
You must share your learning...I am so interested in rethinking PD!
Oh good! Twitter said I couldn't DM you as you weren't following. A list/group follow is fine by me (if not by twitter).
Will happily welcome both.
IU needs a real point guard!!!
Dark ass music in the morning >>>>>>> and I'm not going to church tomorrow
Prolly the worst roadtrip ive ever been on. #thunderstorms #roadwork never getting home at this pace
I should start a blog on just round-the-world trip hacks.
hahaha I said tiger! I ment get a hotel
It's too hot to cook so we had Caprese salad, a cheese plate, bread and marinated artichokes for dinner
haha. A flavor of milkshake?! I dunno, maybe at Chick-Fil-A or something
I'm officially on the two week countdown for taking the ACE Fitness Instructor Exam. I'm nervously excited.
Bet they're just devastated.
Wow, beautiful!
Well I just found the hair product that ALL bugs are attracted to.
SECRET AGENT RA-RA tore the RIM OFF ALEX CASTELLANOS'S DRAWERS. Maybe we found out why NO REPUBLICANS want to come on her SHOW. NLD Mom
Just 2.99 since it's just the first part of a serial. :)
wanna give a shoutout to my friend she is a singer guys keep it real follow her
someone sponsor the special moments in my life. listing would read " this special moment brought to you by__your name___". It's that easy!
follow back
<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C> RT : disagree.... Always pays my g! Remember that when they forget that <U+270A>
DC drivers: run red light across 6 lanes of traffic to get stuck 30 feet ahead at the next light
I am looking for a custom home builder who might have a desire to assist 4-6 new home buyers to create in Valley Center.
Apple butter! Yum!
Wow. Best episode of #Scandal yet. The tension is palpable & the one liners here so good! New fav show
Horace~ Force without wisdom falls of its own weight.
Looking forward to seeing you all! RT : Can Not Wait!!
In Hollywood taking care of his bizz. Staying focused now, allows me to play harder later...
Thanks to Lisa Barr at Paws Whiskers and Wags for a great lunch today...Hickory House rocks.
GOOD MORNING! :)
#MBteamCL needs tweets
Reality in the United States of America = the control of brand image by fearfiul corporate marketeers.
Bobby's semi later :o
Just got back from 's amazing birthday shindig. Happy birthday, beautiful!
Same! :] so hows life, watcha been up to?? :D
Who&#39;s Hot, Who&#39;s Not? Wildest Weather Locales
wasnt on twitter since so much time
Online Help for Addiction | Pregnancy Health Guide
What a spectacularly beautiful day here at American River Park in Sacramento, CA - wildflowers are in abundance after all the recent rain
Brunch, brunch, brunch...I love brunch! Come get some!
great job on the iapp!
She there every time i need her
Went through hell im expecting heaven.
Tune in now to the #WGTBoard Show for good times, laughs, and of course, Carly Rae Jepsen!
must not have read the article about how you are losing money if you make text less than 16px
Hey, our cheerleaders aren't that fat anymore
what's up Katie? Long time no anything...hope all is well. Teach me how to twitter;-)
Congratulations to my coworker Susan Labhard our first winner of the DAISY award for outstanding nursing.
I stand corrected.
Some people don't want the Word of God, they want want you to agree with their mindset. Leave them be.
Good Morning!
Our first batch of invites will be emailed out in about 2 hours.
oh! good to know. Well, hello from Washington! :)
Maybe that Klein on nashville is a dolt, so what? Renne is the glue, eh?
#WeMissedOut! RT: state of the union drinking game (Check out my last tweet)
Head out to Urbanovsky Park tonight at 6PM for Ultimate, volleyball & more! Enjoy fellowship with other brothers!
just chilling :) u?
Been lured into staying in the living room for 3 hours by the unfulfilled promise of a movie. Good thing I like staring at walls.
Severe thunderstorm while waiting at the gate in LEX airport. Fingers crossed, no delays.
Tunnels RT : Tunnels or plugs.
Hope you're having a great time & can't wait to hear all about it!
Kobe doesn't cry about hard fouls. Isn't that why all you people love him? You all sound like Derrick Rose.
Data preservation protocols can be established but will also take funds for training staff and maintenance longterm.
bad girls club reunion...this is gonna be good !
Just had a conversation with someone who is skeptical humans evolved, but thinks we might have come from another planet. I was polite.
I've officially been accepted into stunt school!!
To the world you might be one person, but to one person you might be the world.
Thread through talks about finding our dreams and sharing that with the world to make the world a better place &quot;
Just working really
You were the only one. Sadly ):
TRAFFIC - Road Closed because of crash - WB I90/94 @ Camp Douglas. Watch for detour
#FF 'Cause he gives amazing compliments that will pick you up no matter how your feeling.
No easy baskets for #UMass, needing to make a ton of extra passes or acrobatic/long shots to come up with any points. Deficit should be more
At least it's Saturday? Although, not for much longer. :(
Anyone know who is responsible for the developing the online collection at the ?
Valor, it's crazy addictive.
I pity people who don't understand unconditional love.
Great idea! Instead of text or email, you can write me notes, scan them, and send via email.
Mad Men: YES! I'm all over these women
Rockin' after midnight new Wed Metal night. Hooray
ha! I'd like to see Google focus on making Plus the place to share articles.
mhmmmm sexy as HELL I want to bite em!!!!
Celtics line drops to +5 before the tip, yet everyone seems to be picking them, including me. Dangerous combination.
smile. Dont worry better dayz are coming :)
thank you for the follow! Cool show!
You're going down, Brody.
Shouldn't have assumed anyone there cared about the Hawks.
is that a promotion, carts to cleaning toilets? :P
Almost #Grizzlies almost
Now, got to pick up an attendee and get her to SEATAC
I am watching The Voice. I love this show. I definitely recommend it if you like music.
sloving a 1000 piece jigsaw puzzle with about the celestial planisphere :) lovelovelove
hey can u dm me ur pops number
Even tho austin is leaving we all know that he wont forget texas and the memories there.He is always going to be that 15 yr old i saw.
It is. Strange season too. Lots of injuries throughout the league.
These thunders in Denver are scaring the crap outta me! D:
text me. iMessage. :]
Today we have (malt) Whopper Candy cupcakes and Pinacolada cupcakes in addition to our regular flavors
67 and sunny...meet you on the #patio at 5!
librarians sometimes worked without cooperation of principals, sometimes in dire structures;
Ladies, we'll be at the this wkend with a mini-sanctuate experience - stop by and say hi!
If I make it through today without murdering someone it's going to be a miracle.
On his way to an EGOT.
got a shout out at the mid-career professional session at #region6 as a good resource 4 intl educators
LAKERS :) All day..
that's bizarre >> “: Couples, sharing a FB account doesn't make u appear loving and intimate...it screams disturbing trust issues.”
Tonight, I shall
No, you're the best!
Very excited! Just got my author copies for Zapato Power: Freddie Ramos Takes Off.
Wife tells me canola oil's not that healthy, but I dont know. Stick w/veg, not animal fat, ur better off.
#workwednesday need network #programmers for jobs in #texas and #seattle and more,
I love how i was tired this morning, but now i'm wide awake. Oh well. I'm not complaining :)
I stayed up until almost 4:30 this morning, rereading the first book and exploring Pottermore. *yawn* On to chap 4!
Spanish test was hard. Some girl walking by me outside was on the phone and asked is the radiers in the superbowl or something.
DailyHookahTip#133: To video tape #smoke tricks, position the lighting to be directly above the smoke, and turn off all other lights.
Prefer dogs? :3
Finishing gettin ready, wile Sam nd the girls get evrything rest for the party
thanks James, loved what you planned, I emailed back some comments, let's talk tomorrow.
thank you:)
I just made a chicken breast with fresh peppers, mushrooms, garlic, and broccoli!
I'm stuck with the Reds broadcast.
Good morning all. Class starts early today.
OT Poetry test in 6 hours and I'm just now filling out the study guide. Long night ahead.
Tonite is the legendary Cougars&Cubs Ball #women40+ men 21-29 get in for #FREE All nite! Happy Hunting ;)
People get tired. And just like anybody else, I get tired too.
Relationship Status: <U+2610> Single <U+2610> In a Relationship <U+2610> Married <U+2610> Engaged <U+2610> Divorced <U+2611> Imaginarily married to
Women don't want to hear what you think. Women want to hear what they think -- in a deeper voice. ~ Bill Cosby
.... It may also steal your wallet and your personal identity!
mix breed?
RT : Wish I changed my voter reg to vote for Would sacrifice Congressional representation to vote for someone I...
sure,let's do that!
Not sure how much of this SEC love fest I'm gonna be able to handle. Speed. Size. Talent. Speed. Skill. Defense. Speed. Puke.
that is a question I don't know the answer to. I will ask Charlie!
Hardest thing to do right now: trying not to pass pinky eye to my other eye.
Something so small can get that shit stuck in my head for the rest of the night. Lame!
RT ": The people that you love the most are the ones who can make you cry the hardest..."
said base and child theme is a parent and child theme. 2 different themes that link together...and then he lost me.
See you all at 5:30 in the Lyles Center!
I Still Don't See How The Lakers Let It Go To Game 7 Tho ?
I got Meconi's today, I was a happy girl. :)
You take the truth and you put a little curlicue at the end
Nothing in all the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidi
Welcome to Vermont, where chains aren't really welcome! BTV used to have only 4 gates.
Things r starting 2 heat up on SoYouThinkYouCanDance. The last 4 contestants need 2 give it their all tonite. See them 11/7
Now I want a pretzel! Hum....
Adele rules, man
Good Morning, All. Prayer is contemplation of facts of life from the highest point of view.
Road trip with my girls ::)
I've always been called "different" ;)
l do NOT wanna go to school tomorrow.
My Name Means Ima Girls Best-friend Funny Thing Is I really DNT Like Females Or I CANT Get Along Wid Dey Ass If My Life Depended On It !
DIY Tissue Paper Flowers: How to Make Paper Pompom Garland Great 4 ur #classroom or #home!
Hello. I'm a MLIS student @ SJSU, an academic lib intern & youth lib volunteer.
Interested in checking out the #OGStudio? Open Hours today from noon to 4, Monday 830-1130am and Wednesday 7-11pm. Stop by!
thanks! Never too many tips/ideas when it comes to social media
Thank god schools over omfg worst cramps
If you want to be happy, practice compassion. ~ Tenzin Gyatso (Dalai Lama)
Here we go again. People always saying what's not for him. Everything I'm not made me everything I am.
Always being on the bring? Or brink? Brink of what? Success?
Top of the morning!
At #limejungle with then off to a comedy show... Good first day in NYC!
I will it s these damn allergies
Its perhaps even more elementary than that: I think she was honest in titling her article, i.e. that she thinks reading [+]
hey, hit me up before you get here, dis is my neck of the woods...would love to see you guys.
Feel like a record time will be set for week 1 of
so great! unfortunately that is the kind of nurturing we need! a really upstanding business man!
#brokemyremote RT : We really did it this time
Do people atthe DMV have lives
We got in the studio w/ his buddy Sandy. Crazy!
thanks for follow.
Wendy's for 4 for dinner= $15. Chips out of the vending machine= $2. Spending the weekend with my cousins= Priceless.
Stop in tomorrow at the mocha lounge for one of delicious baked goods. Mention this tweet get 25% off any baked good
Detroit baby !
Together???? Really?
That last picture looked so hipstergrammed. WHY THO.
Follow me!
Tonight! I'm happy to be Single for VDay : P
Thanks for sharing - it's very cute.
All I do is play 2k lol
what position do you play and where does it hurt on your arm, and how long has it been hurting for?
wish I could /: I don't have my car yet. So I have no transportation. But the good thing is, I might get a car this week (:
yeah, we did tweet just a little bit about you, didn't we... that will teach you to sleep!
--> RT : Who was a rebel once in their life? Lol come on. No shame
the king of old world 3rd leaving his throne tonight?
Jesus Christ: untied and undefeated.
6-year anniversary beers at Pub Dog!
good to know . . .I was going to see it but will buy a book instead
leftover for breakfast at 1 pm? yep. good day
It's in the neighborhood, yeah.
yea I think I got that :) so wucha doin?
then heck yes I'm excited!
There's a bunch of crappy neighborhood pubs in our neighborhood, but my wife has no interest in visiting them all. Help
me what? Ha.
Our plans miscarry because they have no aim. When a man does not know what harbor he making for, no wind is the right wind. Seneca
LMAO. seeing my sisters wake up late and having to rush to make it to the bus stop was so funny lol I remember those days
thanks, Lucas! Nor I Jackson's! Congratulations brother!
When we are playing with the cat, one more question to anyone who plays, I with her, or she with me.:D:)
Ever been treated like you don't exist? Never existed? Feels rotten, but #RonPaul keeps plugging along, collecting delegates.
Huge shout out to for throwing me a bday party at her house!! #bestfriendever #loveyou <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Text me details of your travels. Thanks!
Will Mac's value decrease now that Steve Jobs has passed?
THAT IS SO TRUE
Now we just need Mo to do what he does best. I really give Mosely and Gardner a lot of the credit...they were huge.
Get ya tatts at fab ink !!! The waviest tattoo parlor in the 413 #ju heard!!!
Good job! I need to get back to that.
Enjoyed listening to Bruce Hagevik getting some time in the sun on WCCO's midday air as he wraps up 39 years ... what a pro.
His last two tweets are about chainsaws and Spain - seems pretty right on to me. Good thing he's not an analyst!
You guys were rediculously awesome today, just thought I should let you know :).
I dont ask for much but I do thank too much!
Your products have allowed our son to enjoy the simple treats...cookies and chocolate. Thanks EnjoyLife
St. John's lured me from a university in New England with a 60 percent raise. It really a great place.
These home made moon pies>>>
everyone changed so much this year.
what a wimp next he will want nerf baseballs pitched to him
For the next month, the answer to all questions asked to me will be Vegas.Let the countdown to a weekend of mayhem at begin
honestly curious, what else could cause so high of a result? Injecting right before a test? Any real chance it is overturned
you are a strange one riley mcdonough...
Good morning Bruce. Mom's are special. Hope you have a good weekend!
then I'm there! :p
Hi, MaryAnn. Hope you had a good day.
Remind me never to be drunk with Mexican food and a cell phone at my disposal. Sent a blog as a text. And fessed to watching Just Wright.
Ownership is everything for kids as are expectations
Spending the day at Epcot and then riding whatever I I didn't get to ride before
Just because ur waring a fuckin wig and lip singing the music dont mean ur a fan of nicki u have to no all about her to be a true barb
the name is a surprise though;-)
can't believe you're awake
Buffalo is a blizzard. All wheel drive...YUP! Im being that guy that flies by you when you are trying to be careful...oops
Coming Soon! Classes on: Skype,Blackboard 9.1,Glogster,LiveMocha,Voice Thread! Earn your Continuing Ed. credits here! http:// goo.gl/eYoNT
I suppose it could be used for protection. :) Its a "sport" ankle brace from Fred Meyer.
I'm so inspired by your story and how you're working to end domestic violence - wanted to ask you some Q's if I could...
Chrysler, Jeep, Dodge, Ram, Mitsu, Ford, Lincoln - Open this Sunday April 1 noon to 4pm....not foolin'
OK just spent about 10 minutes trying to figure out what "saved" classification meant in my queue. Had to FAQ it. BAD
Good morning Matt! R u going to do a tweet spree this am again? I'm still listening to Mistletoe!!!!
dude you should follow me. I post about Dynasty Warriors/Samurai Warriors and other games as well. Been a longtime fan of KOEI
SWAG= "Someone Who Appreciates God"
Where's the last place you visited in the Caribbean or Hawaii region? (Cariloha's name is part Caribbean, part Hawaiian!)
greatness. achieved.
Then stop watching Dolphin games RT : I don't wanna huuuuurrrttttt anymore
#ThankYouGleeCastAndCrew for your embarrassing and pretentious contribution to popular music. May you be canceled in due time.
happy birthday beautiful! ??
Current Season Ticket Holders-Contact your Ticket Rep to find out how you can lock in your current per game prices for next season!
Lunch at Desta.. yes.
"Social Media is about creating a brand." Erica Hartfield (Can we just say she's AMAZING!!) DMIS
thanks! i didnt think about that! I'll keep that in mind when planning things.
Welcome to the May #SmallBizPgh #TweetChat!. We want to welcome our featured guest Give her a warm #Pittsburgh welcome!
It finally feels (sort of) like fall in San Diego--60 degrees and rain.
Preparing to watch the Lost series finale, I am going to riot if the conclusion isn't satisfying.
thanks for helping us spread the word! it's going to be a great event!
Asking the (speaker) how he has overcome a mistake makes me heart the smart even more.
Middle age is that difficult period between adolescence and retirement when you have to take care of yourself
Just tell me when!
#cil2010 simple problem that usability must try to solve: Libraries used to be the only place to go for information. Not anymore.
Excellent! Thanks
Blink/My Chem show with and the plumer family was fucking amazing!! Greatest show ive ever been to!
I get it: I'm the only one not excited about the #Prometheus trailer. Fine. I'll just stay home and watch Alien. Slime ain't nothing in CG
When you see Vin Scully talking on TV, that just means baseball season has officially begun! GO Dodgers!!!!!!
Hi Austin Reviews - thanks for following Better WIne Guide, now following you too. You provide a great service!
This: RT : I hope everyone is having a great night no matter where you are or what you're watching! :)
A great talent has passed. We'll miss you
Ok, can I just say your forums are what I've been looking for since I had DD! Thank you!
I'll be driving up from Norfolk, VA. Hopefully the blue #SportingKC section is big enough for me to spot so I know where to sit.
53 tweets to 15,000. Because I had a twitter before it was cool. Anyways, who wants to be a part of it? Besides the obvious.
Lincoln followed the path of righteousness to free a captive people. He didn't claim the power to change everyone's minds.
is it 8-9? I can call in a little after 8:30
“Stop being afraid of what could go wrong and think of what could go right.”
I thought a tablet WAS a hybrid?
got a mean ass swagger, my bitches do too
Patient urges implant recall
Just tried to visit AP twice via Twitter links. Before the site could load, I was redirected to MySpace.
just got back from nice run and now some more juice! Keep it up People!
Spilled boiling hot coffee all over my hand on the way to work. Then found out I'm scheduled NEXT Thursday. It balances out.
"The so-called salt of the earth, Waffle House aficionados who hate us more than they love Jesus can kiss our ass." ~Me
RT : Is hands down the best server at !!!
i started @ everett and jones...where did you start your DREAM!!! the sister&#39;s started MINES with d wiggins!!!just want 2 say THANKS!!
had a darn good ride today with Lego! *boogie* Also discovered that most horses don't like fresh mint leaves..LOL
#JPMorgan's #JamieDimon has the financial acumen & conscience of a rock. Set him in a park & unleash puppies w/ full bladders.
Life's a succession of times and to live each, would be to succeed.
what songs are you working on?
If you give me your shirt sizes I can pick up your race shirts Thursday night or you can pick them up at the race. Let me know
sure thing
Every team always bitches when they lose to the Heat. They just can't accept the Heat are better than them.
Hahaha ahh nice! That's awesome. Well let me know if you find anything good. I'll be hunting too!
idont like my family ..
Good job by Tommy breaking down J. Smooth's "help" defense
Oral hist's remind that individuals hold powerful stories about the past -look to challenge mvmt narratives that distort.
My mom has mac miller as her ringtone :)
Perfect day for one of those!
Out to go see #Avengers with the boo!!
Visit the Art Institute on October 5th and 12th for #free! Close to nothing beats a day, hour or minute of free awe-inspiring art.
On the set of WRITERS today with writer/dir Joshua Boone and the cast! Yay!!
Is anyone else super excited about the new iPad today???
We don't need 140 characters to tell you that it's FREE Friday at LBMA!
Great fun @ MCG in Pittsburgh singing w the wonderful Five Play!And playing w the great Roger Humphries was a thrill.Thank you Pittsburgh!!
Sad we lost today :(
have a great one, its hot over here in Tx. Maybe you can send some of that coolness next day air.. ;-)
yeah man! The National Ave lofts!
Jonsi for bedtime.
thanks for schoolin' me in #F1. I just read that #Vettel got poll, now I'm pumped!
Micro brews and blues, um yes!
u r very welcome & u can count on us to help u. We r happy 2 have u here. If u need a taste of Nigeria my family can help :-)
Yay! Happy Birthday, Brett! RT : Happy Birthday to #SocialFabric member !
Check out "The Fat Kid's Wolfy Revenge" by now available on Amazon.com & BN.com. A must read for #horror fans!
and when the male thinks they've attracted the female they actually mate and then she eats them
OMG this Jimmy Kimmel montage is LOL @&$$)@$
Miss piggy one of the #bestdressed #oscars ??
of course not.
Hey guys, if you don't want me staring at your tattoos, maybe you should lock your front door before showering
mormon temple?
Love you back sexy!!!
stop your mom is the cutest person ever
#SCNotTop10 always classic
do u have any book recommendations for parenting especially in regards to discipline in a godly, gospel-centered way?
4th of July in Golden Gate Park!
I had no idea!
can't wait to see
Awesome!!! We're so glad people are enjoying the experience and the end result!
Oh totally! :)
girl...don't play!! I'm here for about 6 more hours
Damn is it raining again!
Sometimes I feel like I'm trapped in a Luis Bunuel film.
So exciting!! I already pre-ordered my signed copy!
O lord! I cant believe i almost lost one of my sisters.
LoL it ain't really free if you payed to get in.. Lol just sayin.
in zero-sum games that lend themselves to game theory (like the Spanish Prisoner), you depend on the opponent...
Miss twist is at Baltimore & Greene with GrrChee truck. Awesome day for a Shake and a Reuben. !!!!!!!!
Putting out a new album on tuesday called Landscapes, hope I can get everyone's support by checking it out!!!!
well I got a baton so watch ya litte bitch ass
Thank you, Nina!
yep that confirms ur last words to me were a lie. U said u met Austin and he gave u a kiss on the cheek your a liar! Jerk!
"Name one living thing that doesn't somehow bloom. None of them get to choose the right conditions." ~ Catie Rosemurgy
I'm chillin at home w/ my dad, havin some beers and watchin soccer :)
Now that I was retarded and ran outside....allergies are going crazy
So...Dis Random #OOMF DM'd Me His Name And Numberr. No Thanks Love !
Dear world: I'll see you in a few days.
Come thru the gates 2 his Temple givng thanks to him. Enter his courtyards with songs of praise. Honor him & bless his name. Ps.100:4 (ERV)
I'm right here
New shirts just arrived. Patiently waiting for the CD's so I can send out all of these preorder packages!
RT this if you see it and you love your fans :) <3
Tigers bats better wake up!
The best "technique" I can think of is to find a man who is happy having an independent woman; then there won't be a problem.
we just martinis
Monkeyland's Stage B is still rocking with the final mix for #Jewtopia. It's sounding great! Thanks for trusting the Monkeys!
A 2 or 3 year old child can do fantastic things, such as count, read, play music, etc. because of his/her past life activities.
why not? That why there are so many chubby kids now my kids school has a salad bar (k-5) and the hot lunch menu is fairly healthy.
Oh, yes. A lot of us found classical music through Leonard Bernstein (God bless him), plus our parents & good public schools.
thank you for being Miss USA. Proud of you. Great mushrooms on the Food Network btw lol ;)
Happy Chinese New Year&Lunar New Year2those that celebrate it!Remember what u do/act today is an indication4da fate of ur year,if u believe
no y? It just posted a highscore off this app lol.
just don't let find it
: Congrats! Well done!
if amps only had a number greater than 10
When a guy knows what your favorite color power ranger is, that's love :)
and Ruffalo's Banner was really sympathetic. He looked like he'd been through hell but was still holding together
there's alot of them but Dions has held it down for awhile....
Another perfect day with you will lead to forever. I just know it.
MT": Hey, don't be a truth teller might accuse u of slander. There aren't 2 sides, apparently, only the media side."
It always looks perfect, as long as you are looking from a distance.
I forgot about Couch Paterno. Getting giggly (with it) over here.
RT - Lofpre & will be accepting music submissions of all genres for The Shuffled Hustle II by soundtrack, get ready.
As I prepare for tomorrow, I just realized that I have the dress uniform of a #USNavy officer laying on my bed. Such a proud moment.
Aha is so epic!! C:
Our layer cakes of the month for May are Chocolate-Chocolate-Chocolate and Lemon Raspberry
guess what now I know where hubby gets ocd from,his dad...watching his dad has made me dizzy...damn sit down & relax
power out in some areas of fresh meadows queens, family reported outage
then move! Lol.
give me more details on this one please
Still waiting on to Streak in Nashville! Who do u want to see Streak next Saturday?
To my family & friends on the East Coast. Take care and please be safe. XoXoXo.
Looking to buy property? Check with the Postal Service
God doesn't just call the people he equipped, he equips the people he calls
we are working on opening up more tickets for tonight at The Ritz. Hang tight, we'll keep you posted!
Shout out to all our fans! Thanks for following us! Remember to check our Facebook for #coupons, we have one posted right now...
highlight of baby gift thing & the only thing I added: 3 pack of brewers onesies.Best one was"I maybe little, but I'm a HUGE brewers fan"
Sure you can, you can always say, "you have bad taste." That's a challenge.
Same shit ? Change up your diet fam..
Like this.
check your phone bro.
:'/ Josue, I fucking <3 ya and im sorry about your past birthday BUT next time around I promise to make it fckin' amazzazing<33
I can't believe this is my life...
honestly nothing big just hoping to have a great time with my family & friends ; time of the year where we all get to cooking(;
m yum
I can't believe Thomas still has those tweets up on his tl! Lmfaooo !!
hahaha me too!! And yeah I'll be there tomorrow:)
Is your next cd ready?! Let us help build your Fan Base! MusicalStop.com
First audition of the year--2010 off to a great start!
yea am better bro thanks for askin....
Did I mention that I LOVE MISS ROSS!!!!
Awesome - thanks! /cc
script(s)
vote for pop artist!
The pattern was less than 2 dollars. I bet the labor is priceless.
At 4 p.m. the infamous 'lighting round' will begin where journalists will have short-segments to get across their main points.
Thanks for the contact related to blogging. Perhaps in the future I can consider. Good luck!
true and true. Just trying to pick your brain a bit. Good stuff.
Spooks now. Xfactor was a waste of time.
thanks bro
the theater of the self happens in the brain
Ima blow up eating all this mcdonalds.
Email about #Marrakesh is sent Erika! GO #BRUINS!
Fill in the blank! I <3 #SocialMedia because ____________ .
RT : But still... RT niggas that watch anime do roundhouse kicks in street fights and wake up with no wallet.
Thanks for the retweet!
Hey! It's Cleveland! You'd leave too!
GIVE ME NUMBER MY PHONE LOST ALL MY CONTACTS
did you just make one?
o thats sucks drive safely just got from work its shitty out
#Fear wist not to evade as #Love wist to pursue.
Sorry. Understand the frustration but this discount is not available on previously purchased tickets and we don't offer refunds.
."By the look in your down-turned eyes, you've had enough of these angry skies." ::tired pony::point me at lost islands::
7 of the the top 10 grossing movies of all time were in the science fiction and/or fantasy genres. Is that what you write? Contact us.
It will Rain
Just buy the damn card, sign it and give it to her! It's not that complicated
Trying not to be jealous :-)
Have given up on hotel/conference wifi. Verizon 3G is screaming in comparison.
Hello ! We are so happy to have you stay with us! We'll look into your internet question right away.
#artpolitics where are the better genres?
": Thats Good Though , Thats How Im Doing It Too , Celibate , Marriage , Kids ."your celibate dammit lol jp yea
Train engineer said it was a "fatality". So sad.
OH GOD. WHY ARE PEOPLE SO FUCKING STUPID
#iLoveWhenYou talk to me about your day
Agreed RT : sidenote...that kid has to be a least six
it was beautiful. Loads of things to do
awesome! and I are in town until Sun, filming some winefolly episodes for
The Republican Primary race is turning into a big joke. What a shame for the Republican Party.
Kristen almost dropped the hookah and coals on my face.
#TGIF!! How SWEET it is!! ..lol
I want some coffee <U+E045>
I got pulled over for texting the other day. I told the officer I was actually playing Angry Birds. I still got a ticket.
I've stopped asking what the meaning of life is. My question now is: "Why do only technologically-challenged people use self-check-outs?"
- I worked in a hospital when I was 16. A surgeon once mistook me for a med student & taught me how to remove a tumor.
BOTD: Sierra Nevada Pale Ale "Who cares how time advances? I'm drinking ale today." -Edgar Allan Poe. Full beer list here...
#BlameItOnNolan #NeverSayNever today is the 100th time i have watched it and i counted how many times i have watched it :D
If we have 6 more weeks of this, as roofing and solar guy, I'd like to thank Mother Nature!
You only kno what I tell u
When we get to the hotel I'm ktfo.
thank you so much! <3
New tshirts and hoodies!
sister wives.
give you a call round 1pm. Want to do some marketing with u at our event.
I hope next time we don't have to wait for SXSW next year.
Are we really making "progress" in a world where there's insufficient nudie magazines of Ryan Goslin?
rite here aha;p
thanks for the follow! Let us know if you need an opener!
With the Skyrim playgroup, sharing their relief at finding a horse in the mountains.
#PURPLE RAIN. Only want to see u walking in the purple rain
Brandy suck mad dick when her mans is not around ;)
Seriously? Why do people talk behind your back and not say something to your face? And the funny thing is that it's mostly your friends!
I wonder what model boy is doing????
Excited for keynote lecture tomorrow! 4-5 p.m. Harrison Auditorium -- Don't miss it!
Heading to bed early - Need sleep.
I know its gospel, but this lady cannot sing!
well some people take it offensively .
too scene to function <3
Hoole fun fact! Our oldest rare book was printed in 1483! It's an "incunable" which is any book printed before 1501 in Europe! Cool indeed!
Hey #CTIAW12...in need of a tasty refreshing treat? We are in Hall G convention!
Like, that's a website? I'm trying to figure out what site you're talking about.
dont tell me the lakers are seriously gonna turn this into a game 7 :-|
Harriet Fulbright College is very excited to welcome all our Summer Program students from Mongolia, South Korea and Turkey!
unfollow button is on my page;)
if you let me...here's what i'll do...nothing.
Announcing a Wolf Camera Coupon for 20% Off Scrapbooking Materials Scrapbookers of the world can rejoice in an impressive Wolf Camera cou
Who knew that LeBron was an even better actor than basketball player?
If someone really loves you, they'll take you as you are. There's no need to change.
absolutely, same here only I did throw my phone against a wall once and broke it lol
Deadly crash in Sacramento near HWY 5 & 50. 2 Mile backup on South bound 5
The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time.
Hey dude, is a monthly performance night I put on with some of my friends. You should stop by on Saturday.
HEY... its cold...to me...here in Dallas right now....brrrrr (people in the Chi are like man up)
Nice to meet you!
seriously?! you guys are too sweet. it was so good to see you!
": I wonder how police on bikes arrest people. “Alright, get in the basket.”"
Whoa Tigers. Big bats much?
the mom of the stalker who ran on the court last night?
Welcome New #Creative #Leadership #Coaching #FF:
why you say that?
C'mon Twitter loves(: Follow me so I can beat out 's 184 follow count. #TeamFollowBack #FollowBack Go!(:
The worst part is that I'm certainly tired--just fighting it subconsciously I s'pose.
May 22nd next project! Who's coming?
LinkedIn is instrumental to professional networking online, thesite is also seeing upward of 60 million unique visitors per month
Thanks for posting a link to a Mellen Press book. Arthur Scholar
Have been in Container Store for nearly 3 hours designing a closet. Wife is happy, I need a beer.
Our new shirt artwork is finally finished. I'll post a picture in a few. Should be a week or so before it gets on our apparel.
Thanks. Was fun to work on.
Highlight of my day- 2 prospective students stopped into & to spec. coll. I believe the words "Wow" were uttered!
que tal todo? how are you projects coming along?
Laker fans where are thou lol
thanks Jess! You guys were wonderful and asked such great questions. I thoroughly enjoyed meeting y'all!
This weekend I made time for the people that I put up with! It was AWESOME!!! What did y'all do?
True that RT : cheat day
marketing should have a belief in metrics…engineering might have too much influence over constraints
follow back :D?
SAT word of the day: fetid (adj.) having a foul odor
yay! North Central Counterpoints
I may not be the best, but Ill be my best for you...wait fuck it! nevermind.
ur a boy in disguise I'm sorry
‘Abdu’l-Bahá is meeting with visitors at the Lake Mohonk Peace Conference. He answers questions about the Bahá’í movement.
Housewarming party for & myself sometime in the near (yet somewhat far) future.....please wait as we create a gift list. Haha.
Great weekend.
Dude, have you SEEN Mike Adams' beard?
Yep, originally. Haven't lived there since I was a little kid. Still feels like my home, though.
There is a balance doing TV as a chef-you don't want guests to devalue your talent.
You know you had fun, when you can't tell your parents what you did
Are you attempting to tweet again little egg????
Of course. My husband calls himself "snarky" all the time.
Im overjoyed with gladness because the Lord is so good! #GODISTHEGREATEST!!!
Good morning everyone, enjoy your Wednesday!
if by 'beneral' you mean general, venerable, or be'n real, then yes. Was meant to express appreciation rather than to blanket!
I can still count to ten on my finger tips.
At least the Packers and the Ravens won today, yesterday was very bad for me if football and poker. Today breaking even at the tables.
multiple choice men
Cynthia: my sister lacked the 9 digit magical number she needed to go to college
The term "best friend" actually means something to me. I don't like to throw it around and call everyone that, just doesn't seem right.
Thank you guys for being so patient. Please send my regards to your whole class.
im never gunna forget that vid so dope
YW, how was the movie?
Thanks #God for #mountains to climb. See ya at the top, but of course here too. Look How You Roll-Everywhere! #ilovethat #relieved U got it.
claude giroux (referring to Pgh) "we don't like the fans and we like to show we're better than them"...is that right? Now we have u right...
Cena taking way too much in past month
I was being a smart ass. ;-)
why would you need cold thermogenesis for the a... nevermind. i don't even wanna know...
iight is it a cover page and shit?
On set for HBO's The Good Wife this beautiful Sunday am!!
#NDSA Bob Horton to be speaking later at / NDSA partners meeting, and BTW the Minnesota government is open for business again
Merry Christmas :)
not having to have podsednik anymore
"If you can dream it, you can do it" Nancy Kramer from Go girl!
#Top10Lies 1 I will be right back. 2. Hold on one second. I might have more so I will stop there!
you want my sock monkey hat :'))()
pacing. pacing and more pacing.
Phil's Custom Bindery is still kicking it. Not a printer, but only a very rare printer does that kind of binding in-house.
RT Wanted: US Proven Top-Gun Salespeople $3500 Commission Per Sale - Call Me for Details 1 888 901 8558
Let me amend that last remark. Howard: I promise: you have never ever shown up in one of my dreams.
So a Twitter search for Rockstar Racing brings up as a result. Umm... no?
I know... I just wanna like sleep till thursday! :P
Her hair was flawless <3
Its a room fulla bitches, what you followin' me for?
ADELE YALL!!! #I SO LOVE HER
To see a frog in your dream represents a potential for change or the unexpected.
so i dont know where to go or what to do for
I'M GONNA LIVE MAH LIIIIFEEE, NO MATTER WHAT, WE PARTY TONIIIIIGHTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!!
Hoping for stable weather. God is with us.
Nasdaq tests IPO auction system ahead of Facebook offering
"Truth is always available and must be followed in the presence of error even when the truth is harsh and the error is what we want to hear"
This Girl Is Really Makin Me Crazy Like WTF
thx for the love!
: switching over from #MNF to #thesingoff. >> I'm more of an X-Factor kind of guy. I haven't seen #th ...
This man on the stage & he is funny forreal
Thanks for the RT
Who wants to buy my Kaskade ticket?
Cool, thanks for the info!
Alan won't stop showing me the inside of his mouth on Skype.
cuz u know how i would get annoyed how he was treatin u? well now im startin to see that hes acting better
SHOWER TIME!
frozen yogurt!
Other then me
I could NOT AGREE MORE about let the right one in. a fascinating, unusual movie.
What's everyone working on today?
The Boston Celtics are hosting the LA Lakers tonight at the TD Garden (Fleet Center). Game tickets available with us, call now: 888-493-0004
Craig James creeps out.
Last time that was a prob was 2001 - Big Dog, Allen, Cassell all wanted the last shot. Big Dog got it vs. Philly in Game 5. Missed
Passed 400 followers! Need to Get to 500, and then 1000!
#tldrconf Siri-like features in all my devices and objects.. Finally I can get my own real Kitt from Knight Rider
So far so good Mr. Obama.. I like the clean energy sources & electric cars :)
I think I've seen a ghost!
#BothOfUs comes out this weekend!! :)
about 6 or 8 months ago lol. I was one of the actors
No niece of mine will EVER be a poodle in the making. EVER. Nothing wrong with poodles, but that ish ain't for her. SMH
Gah! I knew I forgot something. I'll try to post it tomorrow.
Kincade seriously how does ur brain conjure this humor up? stuff s funny as can be! glad i follow..even the nonhumor!!Peace
My concern is that implementation of a Java runtime is encumbered by Oracle's patents.
Thanks Always! Hope you have a good weekend!
I didn't know they were weed heads on sex in the city
Mom - physical medical Sister - Mental/diagnostic medical me - emotional because you can't tell what a person is saying if they're crying.
Busy Wed: meeting two painters and waiting for Sears to figure out my washer. My max ROI repair cost is $250. After that, no go!
put it in the header and tab over to make it go to the right ... There's a button you can push to put the page numbers in :)
Vegetarians enjoy fake meat products of all kinds -- but why no fake mutton? I give you my latest, greatest idea: Nutton.
T-minus 24 hours to the Reindl family invades Drake
only four episodes left. Can't wait until Arya ...
Heyy nice last name.
no problem. video/mixtape is dope
"Take a moment to live Take a moment to cry Take a moment to love And don't ask why" <3
We are trying to, slowly...
This class gets boring
What's in your ongoing series, "Things I've Accidentally Mailed"?
duh. I got you. I'll lay it down this weekend.
I called ya today lol. I see that #WorkEthic in full effect!
` been layin down all day & im still tired
I don't want to wait till summer for suits put it in now hahaha.
Yes! Superfine? Text me!
94 degrees right now in NYC...going to wait till the evening to be sportaneous today. jealous of our users in San Diego!
uh yeah....and I called you back a little while ago, Mary!
Nice one Brother! I like that track. Got any more of that you want to share?
Happy #MKEDay! Need to get through this homework so I can enjoy it!
I just "liked" you, Amos! Good stuff!
A man without ethics is a wild beast loosed upon this world. - Albert Camus
People's are real jealous !! No worries, they can't have much of a life!!! Hey, get some sleep
Grrrrr!!! Allergy go away!! Hopefully tomorrow I will get shot tomorrow morning.
Our company will be at #SBA jobs act tour in #Atlanta today to hear about small biz opportunities. We are 8(A) and soon
For those of us who want to start our own small business, is awesome and it's getting even better.
The Joint Commission defines a 'disaster' as 'an unexpected or sudden event.'
Wonderful! Thanks Lola!!!!!
I'm definitely going to go to the next TechMeetup. It looks like a great time!
Josh Smith the happiest man in that building
haha. At least this time it's not about crazy people
Hah!! RT No force on Earth is more irresistible than cuteness. If Mussolini were a puppy you'd all be speaking Italian now.
Sorry Rainn I couldn't resist
Imperfections of the once flawless picture are clearer. Time to shake bad habits, drop past due balances, and let go of old acquaintances.
With my belly all happy now, I'm gonna pack for tonight! Party!
aww so cute! Have fun! :D
Its friday! :D gonna get down of friday.
#Beer Lovers Question of the Day: What is your favorite Wisconsin craft brew?
The trouble with the girls is they're so dang pretty....
You can also create ppt presentations with docs to go on the iPad.
What an effort by that ball girl.
Monday Tweetcast - highs in the low to mid 80s, scat'd storms develop later today. Some strong with wind/hail issues.
my fone died... nd wont turn on
As long as we got each other. We got the world spinnin right in our hands.
same here on the unfollow
#Boloco April Fools fail.
The "man of steel" went by the name #Stalin because it was catchier than Ioseb Besarionis dze Jughashvili.
A1 If you have a specialized skill, such as knowledge of a certain software, note its relation to salary ranges.
Coming downstairs and my parents telling me I made a boat load of money off my stocks.
Can't sleep!! Looks like another sleepless night for me :(
why no comment on Eli?
Thank you for heartfelt love who says, "It takes an enormous amount of willingness to love yourself and stay the course."
Any advice for my high school small group I lead? Discussing James.
Wow that's pretty cool. Where did you get that one?
Maybe they can duke it out.
Each argument is up to 90 minutes -- gov't rebuttal is about 20 minutes
When are Nicole and Austin getting back together?:( imma cry,,
Day five -still smoke free!
Great WHCD Photos Greg, Good Work!
like the technique used at the time was not rlly protected but I contact say anything as of now cause I haven't listened
Much of our stress is rooted in the level of thought. Drumming helps us focus attention towards other areas of our selves and experiences.
Tonight's GQ Reply all topics: How cheap is DeRusha? And what's your time worth?
“: A candidate for county commissioner just knocked on our door. Straight to the people. Kind of refreshing. #whatyearisit”/LOVE THIS
I told her to leave it alone !
its there!
I'm always late
GLEE Live at the Staples center!!!
I ALWAYS dream about meeting Austin. I just hope one day it will happen.
#ncph2012 #oah2012 “: RT : It's time for #GalleryNight and #GalleryDay in MKE. Lots to see all around town!”
The refs must be getting paid by the Miami Heat the NY Knicks playing 2 teams the Refs and the Heat
this jackass thinks me and you are trying to mess with her
are we hanging out tomorrow?
Also, I can come to your gym in the gold coast, if anyone needs a personal trainer. me and I'll get you a good deal
I love you so much. You are such a big inspiration to me! My 11:11 wish is to be noticed by you one day!
Bad kisser or bad dresser?
Think Like A Man made me hella optimistic.
Come use your Groupon at the B today (we will not be accepting them the weekend of HampdenFest (9/9-9/11) !!!!
awww I'm sorry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>girl I was on long inland next time u can come<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Oh, wrkng rltnshp just means being interviewed, submitting an article, speaking on a panel, helping us organize
i reaaaalllyyy want you to come to WISCONSIN again.. i miss you.. meeting you was the best day in the world
Ha! It's an offer worth going back for! :) Nice to meet you too.
uh-oh. what are you supposed to do when you have a bloody nose?
you can on the one online
press my follow button please,? It would mean the world to me <3 xx.
LOL. So True. Heard it so many times-> "I have a great idea for an app"
having earphones on and randomly go to a blog/site that contains music...man, it just really hurts my ears >(O_O)<
U BETTER NOT BE TALKING ABOUT MY MANN!!!!!! lol and Thanks but I took tht like 7 weeks ago lol
In 2010, 1,200 exabytes of data were created, and it’s doubling every 14 months.
I love metaphor the way some people love junk food.
Nm relaxing doing some work u??
RT if u wanna be in scooter's tinychat?
Yep. Told you we were "working on it". Baahahaha! Nother reason sayin goodbye to my El Cam. Won't take 4 campin w/trailer...sad...
BIG week coming up so another late Friday.
thanks for the favorite....hope you enjoy them.
ok....... when are you going to ring me?
Your smile
It Feels Beautiful Outside But It's Hot Af In Here .
I bet Osama Bin Laden accidentally hit the 'add your location' button during his last tweets.
WTF are "YOOman Rights"? Biden can't pronounce his "H"'s. More ramrod talk. #MTP #evict44 nobama #NoRamRod #noBigStick Can't Watch.
i know just let him live his life
what about yo?
hehe glow sticks and flashlight tag :) blind makeovers boas and tiaras ;) sound great or what?
#OnTheWay2Brooklyn Lets go bro DM ya info.
RT : RT : MYTH: a teacher must be an expert in using Technology to use it with kids.
So did you hit up the strip last night? Where did you go?
thanks for following me:)
Black Keys: Big band in small times Given the expansive economies of the ‘90s, it was no wonder that stripped-down, gutbucket guitar-and-
At my brothers house going to finish my blog tomorrow x then im going to my friend house x probably take Tink w/ me
#popcorn #fact- Americans consume 16 billion quarts of popcorn. That’s 51 quarts per man, woman, & child. - Courtesy of The Popcorn Board
Today's gift card winner is ELIZABETH GONZALEZ! Congratulations!
Hey twitter world. Go follow my boy cus he's a beast!!! And he follows back. And he owns a green bow tie.
If justin moces to miami he is taking everyone with hiim.
attempting to put together some sort of schedule for #ala11 ...let's see how this goes!
I got a package from Australia today! How fun is that!
Choose your life's mate carefully. From this one decision will come 90% of all your happiness or misery.
DBAA. Don't Be An Asshole.
malachi 2:2-3 (god threatening to spread feces on those who dont honor him. lovely. and totally unworthy of worship if he did exist.)
Wintry roads are said to be "slicker than otter snot."
lol apparently it means one of my followers
Nordic skiing at the Gold Run Nordic Center tomorrow! Come celebrate the winter with the Summit Nordic Club and Team Summit Colorado
it would make my day if you followed me!!
when/where/what/who??? PJ on keys?
Cleaning my room to the Les Mis soundtrack
So good seeing my buddy tonight!
That was a beautiful first catch, Bryce.
Theres guy on the bus thats just so freaking cute. His Eyes <3^.^
agreed! Just bc he is a likable university pastor does not mean he is qualified to lead an academic institution
Where did you all go?
Very true RT : Don't fuck with someone's feelings just because you're unsure of yours.
thanks for the forward!
Saturday I'm going to be at Keller's, 2912 Eubank NE, from 1-4. Come by and get some sauce!
Seriously if u want 100,000 followers follow !
Search terms that led people to my website: Trump's unethical business practices; more money for us fuck you; duke coach angry; broken piano
You're not quite satan. But I reall think I hate you.
#TuesdayThrowdown kiddies! What's the Best Drink Name? Send your suggestions our way for your chance to win!
People are gathering at the temple site in Wilmette, north of Chicago, under a big white tent.
Some people on dancing with the stars need to seriously leave.
#bestintheworld is Chris Jericho, let's be honest, he's been there longer, had a much bigger impact than cm punk back than, champion
I guess it's ok. I personally have a hard time with it.
Get me back down south
Rainy weather is perfect for sleeping
No one want's to look at you unless your famous, and you can't get famous unless a lot of people look at you. Now what are you going to do?
People are so annoying. Keep your mouth shut and mind your own business.
Maybe that's why my relationships don't work,I force it too much.
I have lethal fingers. I turn on my tablet computer. Nada. I try to install a graphics tablet so I can draw. Not recognized.
Thank you, Jesus, for salvation and forgiveness! Getting ready for Easter sunrise service.
Playing on
Promises mean everything. But, after they are broken, sorry means nothing
hello guys :)
good to meet u too. Good to find another at #smdaydc for the same, right reasons.
mixing the colors.
Good morning swag
: Getting ready for your slate of seminars on Wine 101 & the Wines of Portugal? We can't wait!
No #snow here in sunny Miami.
awesome. Sandy to follow is perfect lineup.
All of the NIKE throwbacks that will be worn in 2012 will be in
It would be nice if you actually cared about my feelings, and didn't just play with them
thx for tweet love. What did you have and your bottomless beverage of choice was?
My favorite #dadquotes is 'You gotta pay the piper' Why does he get compensated for my good times?
#Stapleton CrossFit has 3 relay teams running to support the Colfax Community Network!
Hey there right back :) Nice to meet you Edsel :D
haha Jacobs spam
Im gonna hold you to that!
Oh yes, its Tebow Time!
hey can you please follow me back? It would mean a lot to me! :)
That's a beautiful one. Love Rumi.
Just saw you on Entertainment Tonight. 100 pounds and 10 dress sizes! Gorgeous on the catwalk. Will miss you on Dancing...
Got me some Wayne Shorter on the Jam box, finished my morning rehearsal, thinking about either making some art or cleaning the house.
Alright, you've convinced me. Stick your arm out...lemme see.
What? RT : tell Mike TO GO TO HELL!
A bitch gone be a bitch.. A hoe gone be a hoe..
Curled my hair like victoria:-) I did a pretty good job!
But after that game, they should pay him whatever he wants
The awkward moment when you see a picture of a radio personality and they look nothing like the image in your head. #showbizshellyiswhite?
Got a finals week reference shift coming up in a bit. PLEASE let me answer the dorkiest citation questions! It's my favorite thing!
right! It's so unbelievable!
#BKhavemeyourway going home tomorrow! i can't wait! hello
“: Announcers: "Just a lazy game all around" for UWRF. #Edgewood up 62-40 with just over 5 min to go #d3h” glad I turned vol off!
This Saturday at Tumbleweed Connection (454 E. Main. St., Dayton, OH), 9:45pm.
"He knows Bibby's game" - Harlan...Meaning he knows Bibby has been washed up for 5 years & buried him on the bench
I enjoyed going to the home opener, but put on a much better show. I love going to
so in the mood for a conference of some sort, preferably involving beer. or wine
i can haz presentation?
well shay got a car now so imma b there for sure. u need to cum wid us (:
We need to get over adding "female" before "leader." Stuller: And also lose "male" before "nurse" or "prostitute."
hope Spurs win on the road at Utah, and Thunder ends Mavs' season.
i had a good bday yesterday
smh watch the damn game!
thanks for your youtube videos - - finding v useful. is there a resource u rec detailing attaching Frosts Ext. to hotend?
I am so tired of dumbassFeds hacking as a tool of introduction I asked a tutor privately; crazies come out of the woodwork trying2talk to me
Want to win a private catering for you and 20 of your friends? Next time you come in ask about how to get started on your !
I miis my boo
what did you want to talk to me about yesterday? Call me after 11:50 if you can
Follow me back babe
This is the second consecutive year w/o an eastern division team in the
#BackInElementarySchool the bf and gf were saying hi to each other and maybe getting to hug her after a month.
Sunday night at the movies in langhorne
Not half as tragic as your career.
You know i was just kidding. -.- Im not even a hype beast.
I don't get why ppl don't know that they smell like shit. They have bad friends
you on my twitter???.....lol
hahahaha I cant deal with you now. Im taking a nap. Night Night twitter
I love me
are your two oldest sons twins? I wish I could see you and help you with accomplishing your goals.
RT : "If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door."~ Milton Berle
How many weapons are there?
I want instrumental versions of all Bullet For My Valetine's songs pls
The winner has already been selected. You're in luck -- we're starting another one of these contests soon for the new year.
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho You secretly want to kill but it's family so you can't.......
Ackee n sawfish cornbeef n corn meal porridge wit fried dumplings.... Good Morning
Sunglasses, neon tank top, leggings. Pretty much describes every female on campus right now
My mommy just said she wants to bite idris elba lips off his face lol
so I'm not the only 1 with a countdown! Biggest manny fan at spring training though!
I have 34 followers, I'm fucking popular, ya heard?!
Mark Belinsky presents Handheld Human Rights, a project that aggregates text messages to visualize and construct a narrative timeline
Happy New Year for those who are celebrating Rosh Hashanah!!
great metaphor. MT : I've found curators are often kind of first-responder scholars.
Verizon. But first try a complaint via the AG. Also worth raising on Verizon's FB page. Both are free. :)
haha I know!! We were like I'm gonna get drunk and dance with Cody onstage!! Haa
like the new logo! Fresh!
drove right thru the thick fire smoke on 440. Couldn't see a thing.
Barbara's is one of those amazing minds...
Why is the album "Give you the Ghost" by Policia so good? How have I not found them before? Why are they playing turner hall right now?!
This is SO DC! Love it! "English Basement." Anacostia! Blah-blah-blah! : ) Hope you are enjoying every quarter of it!
Cracker Barrel?
everything had a number...a car was 414, a pipe that leaked was 562..and 527 could mean lucky 7 (5+2) or a murderess..interestin huh?
i still and always will own you in john madden though
We've got a great vibe and high energy in the office! Our #OpenSource Team just placed another candidate!
it was great seeing you as always and thank you for dinner.
First day not shooting in three weeks and looking forward to READING A BOOK!
Shout out to my boys bring home another ship to SC
OMG!! i can't wait untill it comes out JB i love you!!!!!!!!!! <3333
is that criminal justice majors make sense?
That awkward moment when you put a lot of pressure on coal and it doesnt turn into pearls. &
Apple can replicate the problem in their lab - some sort of network error. "Be patient and try again later."
"If you can't excel with talent, triumph with effort." --Dave Weinbaum
Enjoy your holiday weekend!
First phase, yes.
just missed u man! Let's get up tomorrow.
“Meanwhile, in Shanghai … (berlin)” « Resonance – European ...
”When the power of Love Over comes the Love of power , the world Will know Peace.” - Jimi Hendrix
The democratic process does not work when moral issues & those dealing with the fundamental structure of society are crowded forward.
KC Beans on stage now at The Paige Haas Benefit
I've been putting off going to Target for about a month now and I'm not really sure why.
A barrell of monkeys doesnt sound fun at all
BELIEBER FOR LIFE I WILL ALWAYS HAVE BIEBER FEVER
yes. He was hired yesterday.
list me
Predictive analytics can predict future behavior but only accurate in aggregate like for community, not for individuals
I'm jealous.
nice maybe we'll run into you one of these Saturdays! Thanks for sporting the shirt!
C'mon Utah, you can beat Washington.
Web 2.0 Keith Rabois at square - NFC payments - hardware of the transaction matter due to card present
I passed four ogts
yeah just keep trying. I still need Tyler, Sarah, and Andrew
IDK why I just listened to Whip It by Devo....
Wish today was friday!
I've [told] the NYPD, [when] a child is found in a bar, grill or cabaret, to arrest the party responsible, preferably the proprietor. [1944]
Just dandy. How are you, young lady?
RT "This new poverty is not who you think it is, its families, ppl w/degrees who can't get out from under it" -
and at the same location this time!
Vinny, a tweet from you is like a tweet from Michael Jackson, impossible :(
Your physically match an angel, but your personality matches a demon.
Purchase a 10 pack of single private pilates classes for $350. Reg. $450. Offer good until noon today. 620 Eighth Ave. 92101
is not an advice column. it's a place where i share MY opinions. if you have issue with that- start your own blog.
Hey Jill! Will we see you at our May 18th event? Look forward to catching up!
Finished my extra credit :)
Seattle Book Summit June 1st more info soon
Follow up doctors visit after goin 2 the ER on tuesday
I failed...
Madre no hay más que una / Mom, there is only you.
miss you more babygirl...cant wait til im not super ill so I can see you lol
Um they better lol Imma talk to them early so there wont be no problems
About to make lunch for my baby, GM everyone :-)
maybe can you send me a resume
I could prob pull that off. Btw wife out of town - no designated driver. You in Tom. Afternoon?
Yay - Congrats! RT : I'll literally be done with grad school in a matter of minutes. Thanks !!
I agree, most people dont even know what hes about they just think its cool to get on the bandwagon. get a clue first.
winter is coming
RT if you saw the Teen Choice Awards
Best tip-drill ever.
How do they get a deer to cross at that yellow road sign?
It is estimated that 30% of adults and 40% of children suffer from nasal
I don't feel good bleh;(
1121-You Have A Pretty Smilee! :D I'll ship yuu with Louis T. !
We have a new office space in a fantastic open office in SoHo. Very excited about the space and the people in it!
thought so <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I am good. I love your pic.
pop starlet parody on college humor gave me a braingasm in my cerebral-erotic zone's feelings pouch & Weird Al' bar is raised
I love a good thunder and lightning storm. #GoodVsEvil having a slight argument
then you tell me when
LOL...Will u accept change and monopoly money???
Who's seen Thor? What did you think?
I can give her both. She'll play it so others can hear it
I would want to play
There's nothing like watching a group of 5th graders pose for their author photos.
OTL saying Kobe isn't really clutch he's 7-27 in the 4th in the playoffs all time
Peer to peer youth coalition
9News tonight doing a story on male manopause? Really? Or is this new hype to jumpstart another drug?
because there was a leper to con on the other side.
lol yes please!
with no assistance from management!
In a world where everyone has an opinion& i'd be the first to admit i'm no different, cool reading the thoughts of guys whove been here b4
RT : Coming up at 9 on on WBXH ch 16 or cox cable ch 9-meet "Da Future." u may hear their song soon in Tiger Stadium.
You know what maybe just go tweet your boy Patrick play grab ass with him !!!
It's looking like the fashion show is a go! Excited to be creating new body chains for it!! Thanks again !
FCC releases study arguing against AT&T's acquisition of T-Mobile The FCC agreed to allow AT&T ( NYSE:T ) to pull its application for
Passion alone will not change your world.
on sale now
Can't wait to Eat!
Mega-nutrients, Augmentation Therapy-sometimes known as Orthomolecular Medicine uses supplemental minerals, vitamins & etc from your Vet
No Problem, here to help!
i used to have a roleplay account on fb :)
Tue Oct 18th 7P Metuchen Friends of the Library Annual Meeting-Guest Lecturer Walter Stochel Jr on "More Secrets of the Grimstead Room"
when will we meet again?
wish I could have joined u at sip serve and celebrate. On the board but out of town....thanks for the support
I was quietly optimistic about my Lions. Now Im thinking they could take GB.
Common intellectual experiences allow students to communicate with one another outside of class more easily
Mahomies love and support Austin unconditionally, unquestionably, indefinitely, and infinitely, with no strings attached, beyond doubt. <U+2665>
Like I almost passed out omg lol!
go look in the mirror. did it break? no, cuz ur beautiful.
ndependent artists can now afford to have your music mixed by a top major label mixing engineer - Mix Engineer...
waiting for my invite but the concept seems great, lots of people I know need this & would use it
Anyone can have a waffle once in a while, but it takes a real hero to ONLY EAT WAFFLES! (jk - please don’t eat only waffles)
aye yo I am at worko
thank you for making me almost throw up in my mouth. I love me some croque but don't think I can eat anything for the next week.
Ready to start this Bucks/Heat game, hope we can get the sweep!
#NationalBurgerMonth + #FF = Burger Follow! CHICAGO: Earn rewards by checking with #Belly at
they look like there all jammed up on that show!!!
WHITNEY HOUSTON TRIBUTE??? WE HOPE SO.......
Hi. nice to meet you too.
That's good to hear.
The only reason I think it will is because the selection committee pulled the same thing with Michigan back in '06
How do you choose just one?!
You provide the most inappropriate conversations for the office.
Tonight on #CriminalMinds blondes don't have more fun!
BITCH..IM #UVE TILL DA DEAF OF ME!
Three women in their 20's got moved FARTHER from the airport gate b/c a marine is being greeted...something doesn't fit...
Eating delicious birria tacos at Our Lady's festival.
Thorny question of physical appearance in casting elicits varied responses from panelists in academic vs. professional settings.
Leaving work to only realize you have to be back in less then 12 hours.
let our string quartet serenade your special event!
Im sexy and i know it. Dont hate, I need the self-esteem.
welcome to twitter!
Decorated my christmas tree =}
A: Pay attention to #trends, take something popular and apply it -
aw, it's Lake Winnie! :)
I'm feeling decent....
“: Looks like a book I would like to read!” // I highly recommend it.
Happy Mothers Day to all the mommies out there! So glad mine made me open minded, empathetic and color-blind!
#DontTalkNoMore if you can't use proper grammar.
What a garbage flagrant foul call!!!
Drawing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing
Makeup? Nowadays, it's more like cake-up. -_-
yes, which was news to me until a few minutes ago, so I'm running out to get something for my ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT
where the heck are you?
have a good day!
Ltf is coming up
So I reversed the question then they wanna read a script from the Bible. I'm sorry man I don't have time for that
Is there an app 2 find girl scout cookies? They're not at my bank or the super market. Mama needs a box...or 2.
Cody Simpson and Shane Harper follow me, love these guys:)
This school day is way too long :/ I need to relax tonight..
lol my She She being real lol I miss you babes
Twisted tea and softball. <U+26BE><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
....all of my childhood dreams have just been crushed.
The are straight frightening.
Happy Easter, Philly!
glad to see ur pic back to normal
So excited for the ESPN Pre-draft party tonight!!
Take charge and mean it .
what's up
oh damn that's wassup. Get at me later if your going out
hell yea
RT RT "may the odds be ever in your favor"
- thanks for the props!
had a blast with Brenda and my new friend at Kids Help CHOC :D
back from an awesome weekend and a monday consisting of 1 class :p i need to catch back up with twitter
y wuz austin sad on ustream??
Wind Farm Plan For Bronte&#39;s Wuthering Heights
studying for a big test during packing breaks. crazy busy in the Faber house w/ this move! house going on the market this week.
And a special thanks to for making me laugh harder than I have in a really long time
it's okay. It happens to every guy...
Add me on faceebook!! Angelica Grand Martinez.
FaceTime why must you disconnect from wifi! was just about to show me her boobs!
Thanks of Devil's Hand fame for the
Thank you very much! We appreciate you taking the time to check it out! Keep in touch! <3
I'm going spinning Thursday morning at 9:30!
3 days (a daily ritual) #JanesAddiction you seduce me like a vampire w/your playing-suck me in and leave me wanting more!
He's on the list...
#phdadvice #musicology conference wear in US: suits. In UK & pop music or grad confs: smart casual.
I just put a worm to death by way of the garbage disposal. I'm a terrible person.
Go to iTunes and get ya a copy of the hit single "WOP" by
Interesting discovery while using VMware Labs Onyx Fling to capture SOAP calls: The VI client's VM console needs httpS (it's VNC)
My hometown of Rosendale is on TV tonight, and it's not speed trap related, it's the other thing, farming. Only in America at 8 on History.
it's ok, thanks for coming :)
Read Josh Hamiltons book a few months ago. An amazing story that shows that God and family always perserverse.
Tweeting nonstop when your supposed to be doing algebra hw..
"artist publishing" a more encompassing view of "artist books" -Tony White
<U+30C4> o wee baby!
got that right! #Sacrifice and #Endanger for the cause! Lol
The #EmbassyofSA African Heritage Celebrations features entertainment from across the globe now on stage #Rwandan dancers!
hello lovely lady wishing you a great rest of the week!
Whats your must have styling tool?
Sick of having this needle in my arm.... I've had a needle in my arm since about 8am. Twelve hours. -_-
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass ... it's learning to dance in the rain.
Happy Friday from the show! We're talking NBA playoffs, NFL Draft class signees, baseball and more. 888-640-9385 to get in.
test tweet
You should open the jeraboam -- you'll enjoy it!
Dan Arkush always gets good value. Has never had a bad team in the 20+ drafts we've done in all the years I've been at PFW
DM the contact
B2B vs. B2C is not as different as 1 might think. All about building relationships w/PEOPLE who your company can help.
#shoutout is gorgeous...hope she will #follow me back...
Thanks for the birthday wishes!! I love you all oh so much!!! <3
Gonna march w/the Occupy PSU folks for my story today. Naturally it's frackin' cold and rainy. Frickety frack.
maybe tonight ill call you after my blood turns into alcohol..
what kind of face is that? ahaha
I'd feel much better if were up, say, 6-0. And if there were 54 seconds left.
Waiting on Texas Gov. Rick Perry's press conference in less than 15 min. Will be tweeting. Stay tuned.
Whats up man, can we get a follow... Orphanz™
Hey where are your favorite places to EAT?!
Man us girls go through so much
Michael Douglas should be a perfect reminder why she should.
haha , don't get to carried away tho, you won't het anymore points ;D
The Vanilla Raspberry Wheat is less than a day away. Sweet!
Hell yeah. A fine ass girl like u following me makes my night. To celebrate, Ill "research" your work online...
Day 4 Daniel 21 day fast and feel great!
also, the original version Kindle--you'll probably want that for your eyes, not the Fire--is just $79 these days. Such a steal.
But I can see now that ImmortalTech was the more aggressive in that exchange, so my apologies for suggesting otherwise.
let's get drunk when you are back in Chicago. South side !!!
Hey there, darlin'!
Poppin in da hood with homie g d. We got too much swagger here
my head has been in the cloud so long, I almost forgot 'apt-get upgrade' brought along kernel updates...
a man of my own heart.
We're coming back with giveaways this week, stay tuned!
That was only the hardest exam ever. For easy material? Thanks professor
Howlin Wolf... so much soul.
Goo Punch! Alright now! Goo Punch! All the ladies! Goo Punch! Everybody!
gotta get on this basketball ref stuff really hard. . its not a game
CJ pulls the finest hoes... he's been taking notes from blake
I didn't see anything suspect. It just suddenly picked up out of nowhere
nah but thankss:)
it looks awesome from the otherside of the window...
Thank YOU, Chef Mike! You are an inspiration to us. Keep those delicious recipes comin'!
took a mixtape...turnt it to a mansion (tru)
Yes. It is. You have a good point to make but have been left on your own to make it. My jab wasn't really about you.
I literally screamed with happiness for Chloe she's so talented. Love her! (:
Yo my arms are mad vascular I feel like the hulk
well good luck !
truth in advertising, how refreshing :) big fan of that brewery. cheers!
Thanks :)! hope you'll have an Awesome weekend too :)!
RIP Manute Bol, Golden State Warrior Great!
Thx for the follow! Love your salads! Looking to get some buzz going on ? I've got great deals for them!
I want it so badly for my office chair, but it looks like they only come in a set of two! :(
*hugs u tighter*
God, you?!
When I hear somebody sigh, Life is hard, I am always tempted to ask, Compared to what?
nice I might be there in Oct actually (used to live there so visiting friends) ...have fun! that's the prettiest time
lmao She ain't got no nipples!!!
The car has become an article of dress without which we feel uncertain, unclad, and incomplete. -Marshall McLuhan
I want to feed her sexy dark chocolate cake.
yahoo! Congratulations
that's the sweetest thing ever.
If an official looks forward & works hard on big things he becomes immune to the political cooties. It doesn't harm you in the least. [1945]
Damn. That's some work. You deserve some sort of an award. But 25! Jesus.
Great explanation from of revision of introductory bio courses at Chicago Math and Science Symposium
#oomf Is just too hilarious!!!
Hi, welcome to Abercrombie. Our sizes are: Small, X Small, Anorexic, Bulimic, and Malnourished.
M smells like $3 tacos and $3 Coronas down here at Lincoln's, come on by for a great Taco Tuesday deal!
Dont see too many pucks go through the net!
EVERYTHING. ALSO I MISSED YOU.
What you crazy.. he cant hold jeff teague, rondo or jrue holiday
You were not kidding about not being able to sleep. What are you doing up?
&park #wheniwasyoung iuse to jump on my bed cause iwas mad at my parents and the next day i come home to cold milk n cookies
thank you and good night.
sorry it was accidentally saved in an old twitter app. I deleted it within a couple of seconds...
Tech City doesn't offer enough incentives for tech entrepreneurs - please provide opportunity.
It's Grammy night! 3 yrs ago, Coldplay's "Viva La Vida" won Best Rock Album, which featured a famous Delacroix painting on the cover
Two tryout slots open for tomorrow? Any takers?
Matthew Hartnett "By Roman Hands", now in a second edition from Focus. Worth your time.
Rawr! Hope you're doing well! :)
“: Hey Andi do you do write ups on artist?” sometimes
THE BOND by Wayne Pacelle (head of USHS) was featured on Oprah last Friday, animal welfare books continue to expand in popularity.
what's a Jingle Ball, Carlos?
Thanks for the thanks! Hope you can help us spread the word on helping kids with cancer!
I am so sorry! I didn't mean to kill you! At least... you'll feel better now :)
Michelle O: No one should have to choose between going bankrupt or providing health care for a loved one.
Thanks to everyone at the / speakers and attendees for another great event #lscon !
"It's really nice how some people can make you smile, just by thinking about them"
Very proud of this.
ebony, I love you.
so about me googling that...
now you're just somebody that i used to know.
I'll be watching for tweets from you and others at #lea2011 #lea11 Have fun and learn a lot!
Take care of the little things, the big things fall into place.
dear lord above! Hallelujah!
That's Jamal... Darned auto correct...
Okay. Then don't listen to that. Lol. Listen to MikeyWhiskeyHands- Sex, Drugs and Whiskey Hands.
part I oops forgot put mix in a saute pan with 1 tbsp olive oil and slightly brown the mixture for about 5 minutes,then use
Let's go Pacers
Making Paul McCartney's spinach tart for dinner tonight, courtesy of Somehow I doubt he's making Joanne Lessner's tacos.
oh wow! :-D non-profit and what other one? I wish we could be there. Were going2 J&Beyond next week & couldn't do both
Finish freelance work-chk. Go to gym-chk. Record some basslines-chk. Drink a bloody mary-dble chk.
I love to dream :(
Romney gets two big endorsements
So do Business students!! ...any student!! Awesome companies
I can be reached via email at
Panama city
where the fuck is global warming?
can u come by our radio station CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO IN ATLANTA,WHEN U COME TO ATLANTA,WE ARE STATION AM1100,
It's neither right, nor wrong...it just IS.
i think the better question is why DOESN'T he need a laser.
line up needs to come out NOW! :)
the antlers are brilliant. By far one of the most underrated bands.
Knowledge is power and enthusiasm pulls the switch.
Thanks for the follow !
I'm ready for my weekend to be here now
.'s quit wit, "You're losing votes, Bob," always plays well. NF smart, quick, and a friendly leader.
#MyCelebCrushIs but she's a Kansas fan, so unfortunately things would never work out
haha don't say that
I've had the same nightmare before.
sold out of girls medium in the LOVE tee! will be printing more for the Art Star Craft Bazaar in May
: How are you enjoying Paris?
it sucks when the one person you want to talk to you can't...i seriously hate people
it always does
Truly blessed.
That's funny! Thanks! I think other people probably thought the world would end more than the Mayans ever did! :-)
needa rap name.!! V-Man? Maybe?
I know I know! I was thinking the exact same thing this morning, but the flax keeps me regular
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
Evangelical neighbors: Why do the bios of your "pastors" always mention their favorite football teams?
amen!!!!! This probably won't help my coffee addiction but oh well! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
end of term stress? cold weather? Seems like more people are suddenly ignoring the smoke-free campus rule.
I know. But we have to start with even those we think are on our side.
Answer to Monday’s trivia question: The Spice Girls.
yess i think its my turn. dmx has only one volume and it is the maximum. inside voice means NOTHING to this dude
HAPPY NEW YEAR BIG FELLA! GOOD LOOK!
WHAT!!!!!!!!!!! thats awesome! best decision ever haha
The pants of just called me without his knowledge again. I yelled a few times, but his pants muffled my screams.
Day is going gud
thanks for keeping people up to date with Indy Jazz Fest 2011
Lol, Mitchell just called himself the school slut.
Klout believes I am influential in "Titanic". Well, I did watch almost every Wizards game this year, so, yeah I guess I am.
Long-time Bonita Springs rec center teacher nancy Ranke retires
Damn I'm miss NY <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
lol FINE! I'll try to incorporate it in there (x
god damn my sisters are so fucking annoying
Who dark chocolate man, yummy
Not fair! Will you be spooning with it? RT : I got to keep one!
Thanks for the RT!
I kept seeing people on canal st at 11pm still wearing their badges. Let it go....,
My mom was supposed to be home at 6 and it's almost 8 she's at a rave
I'm loving Jokers.The setup of the show of improv in real world situations, really brings a lot of freshness to hidden cam shows
Making music w/ MonicaBehan, ClarencePenn, JamesGenus RussTittleman. Side Project w/ a Different Flavor #goodmorning everyone
Getting our ass's wrecked 4 real smh
hey, are you guys down? I've been having problems accessing your website? I can ping it, but can't see it in browser.
There's a lookalike at the #m83 show.
thanks for the follow!
Whats your favorite time to hang out at Spanish Fly...pool parties or nightlife?
Ok done with English class time to work on something fun.
...dude found out we're cousins....Caroline America Hanks is my great Grandma.......sister to Nancy I believe......
Bring a knife to a fist fight, a gun to a knife fight, and a M134 to anything else
T-minus 30 mins to crabcake ... salivating glands on stand-by <over>
After "k" I don't respond
nice... Any cuts with any artists, tv or film?
hey grow a pair! RT : "Do what you know in your heart to be right—for you'll be criticized anyway." Eleanor Roosevelt
Good seein' u last night man!
lmfaoo you would(:
hahah I'm 2 hours early to even go to the airport. Once I get here I'll still have an hour. Hahah
I wish you could apply for jobs on behalf of people because I found the most perfect thing ever for my top lady
I'd have never thought you to be a nerd. :o :D
Im just glad Trump picked them because the played with honor
Very sad. RT Living near a schoolyard is sometimes sad. Saw three episodes of bullying today.
I have four, 22oz Prime, Bone-in Ribeyes in the freezer...That number will be reduced to three in approximately 72 hours. That is all.
Getting ready for a productive day!
remember: marriage is the number one cause of divorce.
I thought I should let you know that someone is using your picture and pretending to be you >.>
i havent even been on it lately
I'm getting the same thing with firefox lately... it is odd
MATHE: mental abuse to human
Giving us a bad name :(.
so damn true.
no problem :)
Love Demi Lovatos new song and ist stuck in my head.
alittle :p but the game had helped alot with answering the questions
Darth Maul's noncombatant cousin, Shopping
When the ball gets rolling, the only one who can stop it is you...haters can't stop what's meant to be...but u can steer ur own destiny
Ryan Braun first hits one to the opposite field power ally at Petco. Now he smokes a line drive to the third deck of the Supply Co. building
Perfect. MT : we can make a trilogy of names: The Ivy Joe Hunter Games, Catching Irving Fryar, Mocking Jay Schroeder. Boom. Done.
what'd he do?
We talk about food at dinner.
Eating Reeses Puffs 10 minutes before my first exam for the win.
Yes, I do know that! Thank you ladies, you're very sweet!! xoxo
Holy shit there's a bird tornado! There's thousands of birds!
I just wanna fucking sleep man..
Have you scheduled your workouts for the week? Very important appts to make, health is not an option, it's a priority!
Every time I see a reference to the movie 'The Dictator' I assume at first they're talking about the Charlie Chaplin film.
they are pathetic. But that doesn't take away from their entertainment value haha they piss me off but I always watch!! Shame lol
I think I've stumped him.
Milwaukee's online news sites are pretty bad. Only WISN has anything about the Tosa shooting posted.
I am very satisfied with Lenovo computers. I recently purchased two thinkpads for my grandchildren for Christmas. Sharon -Lee Washington
We're eager to provide financing for your new car, or we can assist in used car financing.
Big Q from partners/shareholders: How do you know what is being said about our firm? How do we know it's our clients? cc'
A car alarm is really going off right now??? The sound is fading... omg I think someone just stole a car lol =/
Operation #GetTheFuckOuttaBeebe is a success. We are clear to return to base. Over.
Yay new adventure time!
good to see & at #netstorming today!
We are here!!! Kings dominion
lol Gosh u love to compliment ppl? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
The Bypass Lane is going LIVE tonight at the University of Georgia's Stegeman Coliseum!
hah actually that's me. Surprised it garnered so much attention.
My babe wasn't at school today /: I had no one to talk to in class today. I was a loner ):
You do good work, sir!
Funny! My little guy has discovered that the best way to wake up his mom in the morning is giving her many wet kisses on the face.
We're looking to put 1,000 Entertainers back to work by 2013'
An old friend will help you move. A good friend will help you move a dead body. - Jim Hayes
UR Hollywood's doing a massive following because we're looking for new talent to put on our new blog underway! Lookout April!!!
Meek mill
So Wright goes 2 for 5 in this game and his average goes down. Step it up.
How did Bosh make the all star team?
: too busy is always a great problem to have
We wone in the boxing game
I asked T to take out the trash. He turned and said, "But I don't WANT to take out the trash" and went back to playing.
True love does not come by finding the perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly and that is
& Somebody Give Me The Tea On This Gadsden County Inmate Thing
meh. Not one for replicas, lol. I always wait til the real thing is available to me.
iknowwe he's adorable
dear breakfast: Please stay where you belong, in my stomach! love,
WOAH! haven't been on twitter for a long time :O !
Within each one of us a genius is trying to reach out into expression. Tom Johnson
Hears "take this job and shove it" at 745 am... Must be time for the WTJU Rock fundraising marathon!
“: got me up in publix trying to get some crab legs steamed lol” lmfaooo! It's only right!
We agree! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>": I need my friends to start listening to so we can have singalongs in my car."
What l love most about ski resorts is the music.
Illuminate the skin for a more radiant tone with Mary Kay® Mineral Highlighting Powder in Pink Stardust. It also can be used as an eye color
Going too see
All this time I thought Blue Oyster Cult had a staunch anti-drug message. Turns out their afraid of farm equipment.
Madly finishing my Drupal talk for #il2011 next week... mad, I tell you! MAD!
I do!!! Just if he says he's not coming back then I doubt he will!
thanks! Pushing onward
Instead of the death penalty they should have the Laundry penalty- where u have do wash n fold everyones clothing n da County.
Huge day for my teams in red. LET'S DO THIS! #MUFC #49ers #PLEASEDON'TBREAKMYHEART
hey you misspelled my name on your tat. It's spelled Ashley, not me
lol ya pushing it..just a friendly hug..is all :-)
asks why put your tongue on the roof of your mouth while doing #sit-ups?
hahaha. Too funny.
"Homer no function beer well without." ~ Homer Simpson
that would be epic. If you streak through mine, I will return the favor
sorry not gay
They say good things come to those who wait...
soon young jedi...
When you enter a password and you know its not incorrect.
Already stocking up for big little Never too early
Tell your promoter there's money waiting on you in Louisville, KY... don't miss it.
are you feeling a little overly emotional tonight?
In case you missed it earlier... RT : A few Drake tickets were just released for tonight's show!
and strikes, and outs, and pretty much everything else that has to do with the game
Verlander embarrassing Nelson Cruz.
It feels good to finish and record a new song. I will sleep well tonight.
Watching . Story. Of. My. Life.
just ones that keep my erectile dysfunction away. lol
So excited about this. If I were in town this weekend I would be first in line to buy these!
“: This is all amazing!!!!!!”did you go to TMC?
We're bringing #DebraDean to #ROC in March for #IfAllofRochesterReadtheSameBook. Does she have a twitter?
setting up fb
I love ! I love and even more! I want you guys to win! So inspiring :)
Became friends with people I used to hate.
Life is good when you can live in your pajamas.
UK with absolute domination. I saw it coming.
The Magic City - MIA :)
I love you more.
I'm pretty sure I'm Val Chmerkovskiy's biggest fan. Not sure how I feel about that though. Haha.
The trouble with most of us is that we would rather be ruined by praise than saved by criticism. -Norman Vincent Peale
Wake up and smell the #flowers! Stay tuned to see what we have in store for you...
By The Way! It's Day 15 BABY!
Never re-use disinfecting solution or top it off. It must be discarded and replaced with fresh solution each time the lenses are stored.
not if it results in a job!
Aww! Cheer yourself up by remembering that scene on GOT when aqswde totally told that guy off and your were like ONSD!
haha ... You're merely time-zone tough, sucka.
GS silver 5 series black on black
Here and now
Hey #EMAC! We're hosting a graduate student social Sept. 30th at 6 pm in MobileLab. Meet other EMAC grads & hear from faculty! Food aplenty!
shot w/ miss this afternoon...gurl always be askin me bout love
RT : i learned to sing listening to ...now i get to sing with them. alot to be thankful for.
I actually have keynote already.
dont bother i wont die.
TWO reports of white powder are being investigated right now... one at the Port of Portland office and the other at the Hilton downtown.
baha, that's an adorable name. Lucky Guinness. He's living the good life
We also submitted our song "I'm sorry" for the
People who smoke in front of gyms deserve to have their Kools replaced with those exploding cigarettes that you see in cartoons!
White Chicks is on omg :')
How long will you be there? RT Mb3's balls are rolling to Hubbard & Wells... our truck is on its way too!!
drink water , stop laying down too much and get active
excellent opport RT : part time Internship open in Customer Support send your resume/cl to jobs at mindtouch dot com
That seatbelt enforcement trap that got me 2 months ago? 4 cars pass by, only I don't get pulled over a block later. Cue FF victory music.
God is good. db
HAHAH. i just peed a little.
THANK YOU to for that more music/commercial free hour!!
You guys opened in April of 1927. I can't remember the day off the top of my head. Did anyone else guess?
Now at Winghouse in Orlando, getting ready for
cake. definitely!
Sorry to hear, RIP to your Father. =)
RT : Come join Perlick and Lakefront Brewery for an ice cold beer (seriously! It's 32 degrees!) at Saturday!
Silent Nights uses nanotechnology developed by LifeWave communicates with the body’s energy meridians similarly to how acupuncture works.
Going Green? Our new affiliate www.GreenGrocerBags.com is waiting to hear from you. Save on shipping with your order and membership number!
RT : I love that is following What a weird world we live in.
what's that?
Great ID touches the mind and the heart. Via
headed to WinStar see to bring in the New Year and celebrate my 2nd anniversary with #winstar!
Make it nasty
Is this Chicago or Charlotte??? Damn #okc is good
So tired.
I can't get any sound :(
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Dallas County until 12:15 PM
Don't know what took so long but finally hopped on the #glee bandwagon thanks to
i sent u my # cuz
You guys should definitely cover "Can't Stop" or "I Swear" by !! Id be in love:D
Rooftop parties. Empire State Building is Columbia Blue. Nights I might not remember with classmates I'll never forget
We're experiencing some technical difficulties -- if you can't access the site please check back soon! Sorry for the inconvenience.
Wow! Yum!!
If you love something, let it go. If it comes back to you, its yours forever. If it dosent, then it was never meant to be."PicPerPic:)Text?
oh followers you should follow ! meet your new favorite band!! ;)
I am honest and sincere, what I am is what u see, what u see is what u get. No more no less. TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT
“: I used to be a huge Orton fan..”me too now he almost seems like John Cena. Always getting the whc.
Kentucky Derby, first round of Triple Crown! You? RT : Happy #Friday. Do you have any weekend #travel plans?
shoe hook up?
you were 100% right on everything you wrote! Advertisers DON'T understand women! We are not all the same!!
": When your to busy living your life to the fullest! You rarely can find time to Hate on other peoples action #JustSaying"
No! Please No!!
Thank you, man! You ate awesome!
be reppin the
My (uninformed) sense is that University services for the visually-impared could benefit from a little creative brainstorming. Thoughts?
Seth has a cold, napping on the couch + I'm SUPER HUNGRY x (don't want to wake him) = milk jug, cereal, spoon components now in the bedroom.
Today's the day
hey have u ever herd of the VanDeusen castel?
#FF Austin locals -
it may take courage to give up crutches in your industry/company, e.g. a certification that conflicts with your values
Gotta head up to this mall. Before all the rats come out. If they haven't beat me there already.
I am finally heading home... it was great to hear #marymountu student presentations on c18 novels, but I am tuckered!
I'm not racist at all. I fucking hate everybody.
I was experiencing connection problems the other day on #888Poker #888support and my wife #Roxxy6 got an invite to the 15k 5FR
It seems that the cycle from "no way is Greece leaving the Euro" to "start printing new drachmas" is about 7 minutes.
A big thanks to everyone that came out to last night! It was a lot of fun! More shows to be announced soon
Sister-in-law: How can kids learn words like "Decepticon" but they can't form full sentences?
so grateful to & !RT : Ecstatic to see featured on this evening.
What does FDR and Terrell Carter have in common? They both need a New Deal. Too bad FDR couldn't go on X Factor for it too.
how did i miss that lucien freud died? now i really need a breakfast taco.
What are you doing tonight? Going to the #IUSUW meeting? That's right! 6:30 in BH233!! #LiveUnited See you there!!
thanks for the intro. feel free to call me anytime!
Lets Go Cano!!
The Cards beat the Rangers 3-2 in the first WS game last night. Go Cards.
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.
Okay, this RP is screwing with my head. Every Tike moment I see is "aww my parents are cute" -_-
Well, not really lol (about the previous tweet)
Eating at Chauncers in Addison, TX.
Love the friends who make your whole insides fill up with joy simply by being who they are....amazing!
Looking forward to seeing Aoki own later
AM - M16 said we learned how to add and subtract fractions with like denominators.
go to the Queen Victoria Pub and say "I Love the Queen Vic" and get a free Queen Vic larger
well nice try Texas but my boys from Bama represented tonight.. good game but all in the end. ROLLTIDE!! hell yeah BAMA!!
it's 7 CDs of the same. No filler, just 4 nights of incredible music. I read an article about it. Didn't have the other.
Helping out at AA/PG library today. Great to see familiar faces and books after a 10+ year absence!
HEY WAKE UP
Great weekend of racing. School just ruins everything
It may amaze some people at how many people go into making concerts and shows take place.
I love it best when my house smells like summer. 75 degrees in NYC!
22 more days :O
The only I know of in South Florida are in Fort Lauderdale & Boynton Beach. They're all over the place up here.
Doing algebra... Mathematical! :)
The old running around for a reporter who needs a photo ASAP then doesn't use it bit. Never gets old.
Haha, the few I've scanned have only taken me to horribly mobile-disabled sites void of engaging content. Maybe I'm unlucky?
is building.... thoughts?
and right now, I'm mad at Don Draper. SERIOUSLY?
We're super excited too! RT : #Oliolove Our CEO's speaking engagement at Seattle ! She's looking forward to it in June!
Cool Fact Shaun!All I want is 1 hetero, monogamous gentleman w/chemistry.Time to start lookn outside r Galaxy?Hope not
#UNC....really? You're prob just like a chick, like the baby blue. Haha
The jacket to hold your tags & tokens should have had a pocket to store poems in, too. Best place to keep poem is in yr heart!
The lack of mention for that ridiculous church on the news made my night.
The translation of that statement for dog people is "I woke up with a headache." Try that, works every time for me!
Anti Bully Show times coming up!
Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
you can not just have a 45 minute documentary on #Messi and expect me to get anything done today.
I am making a commitment to myself. Life is too short not to pursue my largest, grandest dreams.
don't let a few bad apples spoil the bunch, man.
>>hangin with fam..hittin Long boat key for a few days
missin my big girl ! wishin i was at hilton head with her instead of saying all these goodbyes :(
Who is coming to Knock Out Addiction tonight?!
that was one wild fuckin ride!
heyy little red :D
Ready go night night nigga
not bad... need a few things to work.. and you ?
! and what is wrong with it? Seems very bitchy
I liked them. Remind me a bit of the Hunger Games. I have Graceling if you'd like to borrow...but it's old fashioned pprbck.
I better get an A on this take-home final. this shit is hard.
IM JUST KIDDING
Penske remains perfect in 2012! It's with his 3rd straight win overall and 3rd in Sao Paulo as well. #awesome #detroitgp!
But this way you can be home when they come to fix it. ;-)
It's finally the holidays!
Welcome! Have a great day!!
Hm, interesting.
This is getting me all excited now!! Only 24 more days :D hdfgadfsjchakdbgr
you already know I hit that note!
can i be part of the lyric video please? :)
almost #friday ? any big plans? So Lake Union block party??
First gig of 2010. Forgot my new reeds at home, but my old one from last year :) should do just fine. Here we go...
hm OH DARLING!
The Derby is today....
OH NOTHING JUST CREEPING ON MY IDOLS(; & YOU!<21 RT : What's everyone up to??(:
What do you think about my website as an avid book-reader?
^_^ I had left. Bro I didn't know I was leaving g
Today is going to be busy. Make this dress and getting ready for #MissKitty's
Early to #B2Bexpo - well, early as always. Bring on the festivities!
Eli time?
Damn rite! B's gonna look at her mentions n be like wtf!?! Lol! We luv ya b!
Just finished Exit Through he Gift Shop... So good!
with no need for a label, why do you use the language of capitalism in your name Mr. Trademark?
Happiness sailing with the Captain and my in-laws!
for skilled maint. positions....yup....warehousing and other positions nope
"A Valediction Forbidding Mourning" was one of the first poems I got a kick out of ripping apart into mini analytical chunks. RIP Rich.
The patient person grants everyone the right to free will. They may not agree with an individual, but they do NOT impose THEIR will on them
Day 2 of cleaning...
All right, bring on the ninth
You know what is the opposite of awesome? That the trash from *a week ago Tuesday* is still in our #emac classroom.
shoulda come to blcc you woulda heard all about that r kelly shit.
I literally jumped out of my seat for New Directions!
RT : At Center for Fine Arts at UBuffalo for last big conference for New Woman International book, Fri 9/16,10-4
Watching Mission Impossible & way excited the Swedish(& best) mikael blomqvist is in it. All I need is somebody from #thewire to show up
Who score better Lebron or Carmelo ?
Take control of your night life
anyway bout to go eat fried chicken. #FAT and HUNGRY LATER *high fives*
God damn pats
Any #highered or #comm_college tweeps I should be following for #SOTU commentary?
How do they get a deer to cross at that yellow road sign?
HOT coffee. Like really, really hot.
"No one should come to [THE INTERNET] to live unless he is willing to be lucky."
there has been a lot a crap this year; but we should not be hoping for incidents. Every1 waiting so they can say "told ya so"
I have accomplished a huge deal today. None of it what I originally set out to do, but still.
Sounds like you are #winning on this business trip!
I would it it if u follow me back
Chasing the magic.
You did the right thing, you didn't miss any sort of scoop. One article you just won't have on your resume.
DCIS is a sea of purple in honor of Serena. May comfort be found at this time of loss.
I miss acting like a child with you (:
only thing shipping might be a problem because its in the UK and the conversion rate might kill hah
it's gonna be a tallywhacker parade, HOLLA AT YO BIG MOMMA
:) ya ya baaayyybaaayyy!!! I'll be seein yoouuu. Except... We might have to go to a park.. I need to spend time with wrigley
Is so bored right now. I kinda wish i was somewhere else right now.
Shout out to
Dang bro, you had me, then you took a left turn on the one way street
I love the mason jar recipe's!
Chipolte just ruined my crumb
": It's Monday in case you didn't know." Unfortunately I do.
Clooney was robbed.
God I hope Mourinho comes out in the Popemobile.
hey guys follow my new twitter ! my old account has gotten hacked. go unfollow that one.
Thanks for the shout out!
we love green smoothies & offer some delicious ones!
oh Jo, I had too much retail therapy today I got some color blocking essentials!
Much appreciated Mike. Hope u are enjoying ur wkend!
sure! I'd love to be a #TWInsider !! :)
Bummer! U ready for baby's first Christmas?
Alight Planning Unveils ROI Calculator to Quantify Value of Planning Software
I really think it would be good use of model minority & stress process - thanks for the tip
ew, i see how it is, wife. i message you and you go offline.
I don't do house parties no more
thanks for joining the bears!
Thanks for the follow. Back at you... you've got a wide selection of information running through your tweets. Keep up the watch.
Red velvet hash cupcakes coming soon!! Who's excited?!
uh thanks for the newsflash sherlock. I realized that a year ago.
Just presented a lock of Douglass's hair yesterday to a group- didn't touch it though- not for me!
To all veterans, those who protect and serve today, and their families for their sacrifices and selfless devotion to the USA-thank you.
have you seen the despecialized editions?
Ur good,ur bad,ur annoying,it's sad.Just go away!I luv u n I hate u u stupid voice in my head!at times ur good other times ur evil.Help me?!
we're not sure what's going on, but it sounds awesome
thanks girl! :)
It's time for Newt to get out of this race.
Dick Clark & great memories!
#odd arcane laws: In Michigan, it is against the law for a lady to lift her skirt more than 6 inches while walking through a mud puddle.
Olathe South Wind Ensamle got all 1's at State Contest! :D
just thinks the process of voting in Congress is a Joke
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle journey to the center of the titties
hee hee. Keep guessing, I wont tell. :)
I can see why! We need to get with it over in America. How is business doing?
Because eff you that's why.
SpiritofChicago Pier is holding auditions! Looking for Wait Staff who sing&have dynamic personalities&ability to capture audiences.
I have a lot to say about the alcohol one. Actually, more about people bitching and never doing. Back up yo' shit-that's all I ask :)
Scouting for Girls, Lulu and Glee inspired G*Mania are just some of the performances you can look forward to for the Co-op's Birthday Bash!
Our Eggs Benedict is the best around! Show up this morning and take the hollandaise challenge. We'll beat all takers!
Going to 's class in the cit!!! So excited<3
just followed everyone back who followed sorry for tha wait guys :) !! -anna
True believers scare me on both wings of the spectrm. Like the dentist: no q we need them but I want 2 spend as little time w/ them as I can
Happy birthday to Ketil Bjørnstad, 60 years old today.
Only thing out here is a bunch of fucking coyotes and shit
15 minutes and I'm out of here! One step closer to the weekend.
At for the Indy wedding ideas!
After an argument I always think Of awesome things I could have said
Hey , I can't get your app to work on my Macbook. Help!
its the little things :).
What is your biggest worry? Why?
Ppl play too much at d wrong time....
there used to be but it was discontinued I believe
YAY glad you had fun bday love! we did too!!!!
is at Hilton New York they have tons of gveaways and sponsors will send you stuff to review
he's the Knicks' AJ Burnett. Punching things and having an albatross contract
When you are lying in bed, almost asleep and your leg jerks it is called hypnagogic myoclonus
Thanks for the kind #FF mentions!
We're open at 11!
have u seen "The Artist" yet?
I think we could debate the "upgrade" aspect, but....
Wow, hard to believe.“: Tennessee's Pat Summitt Named Head Coach Emeritus, Holly Warlick Named Head Women's Basketball Coach”
in da house
hey thanks for your tweet I showed my audience how Twitter worked! It was a great "live" illustration :)
is the official this is an unofficial I just try to keep it as accurate as possible ;)
And I'm so sick of love songs. So tired of tears. So done with wishing, you were still here! Love this song<3
The perks of being bipolar: you're left with online friends. Nobody else. Since you pushed everyone away with your negativity.
Why Not Slut
Congrats to Bon Iver from Eau Claire WI for winning a Grammy!
loved seeing you too! Your friends are really cool :)
Ugh Omg someone come save me.
When I grow up I wanna be a Dallas Cowboys Cheerleader. And by up, I mean lose 50 lbs, get some fake boobs, & learn to do the splits.
Please join us at Tropical Smoothie/Westchester Commons on 12/7 from 4-8 for our fundraiser. Details: www.midatlanticvolleyball.com
I'm finally a licensed driver. Went to Starbucks and Price Chopper by myself today. No big deal.
The aspect of out-of-fashion clothing/grooming that looks silliest is always the manner/degree to which they obscure the shape of the body.
#dontactlikeyounever secretly envied me for having such a sweet deal. $170k salary, company car, gas paid for, even clothing allowance!
Just got convienced to step out. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> dont try to get me drunk. But it is $1 Drinks.
At this point in time every Person in the world is Haitian. let's donate whatever we can to help our people.
The Central East Portland club is funding school furniture for Niger. Niger is one of the poorest countries in the world.
alright u do that ha
hry did u guyz hear that the president was on jimmy fallon last night? crazy!
McDonald's AA's have been announced; you might actually know some of these kids and have seen them around
You've taught me all the what not to do's.
How was everyone's New Year?
Wildfires in Arizona...I hope we don't get smoked out again. #NM I hated all that smoke last year.
I have a buddy for 's movies in the park this summer....also, it's gonna be a good one ;) #summer #summertime #Porgy&Bess <--opening #
I don't like when people try to control my music volume, bitch I'm wearing headphones already.
Yes I just let that 18 wheeler cut me off in this dan ryan parking lot. I need the good karma.
Sometimes it does feel like Barkeeper's Friend has genuine affection for me.
yay! That will never happen for me at this job :(
we needs hit the studio today!
Nothing worse than when you pay to go to the game and get a six year old screaming SHOOT! in you ear the whole game
Just submitted my talk proposal for SpringOne/2GX on Roo add-on development. Keeping fingers crossed…
LMAO I'm surprised Future even knows how its spelled. An exec probably had to tell him
wtf duc shut up ;( that's so not fair
Rochester is white like Tony Montana's nose
Thinking the Fates might be meaning my library career to lead to one in writing. I wouldn't mind that a bit.
Hey thanks so much, Derek! I really appreciate all of your support! :)
I had to temp. take down my 10 pg. web site. Remember: "Without the Silence the abuse can not go on! It will be brought back up shortly.
Gotta get STAT back in the groove, but without a doubt it's
Went for a walk on my break, the wind gusted and then the temperature dropped about 10 degrees. Yep, stormy weather...
replied to me!! That's really a good day! :)
What is the #iPad cover you guys use? Any recs? I want to make sure she is warm & cozy
That is sharp. Nice work from the people in costume/wardrobe.
Ah, Groundhog Day, the day I always watch one of my favorite movies over and over and over. I'm talking about Police Academy 4 of course.
Call me ;D
Just don't feel like doing any work anymore...no lie
Hello all you snow bums. Want to be a part of our shows? Email us at Sales @ SkiFever.org and we will get you information.
Am stopping by Keste party tonight and UPK prod mgmt dinner. Will prob be at OOW sometime Monday too if anyone wants to catch up...
You can afford to bundle up with 50% savings on ALL SWEATERS this Saturday!
Ready to uninstall #McAfee. 30 min w/ tech support 2 wks ago assured me problem was solved. NOT! Still changing my Chrome settings randomly
Paradise Buffet for first time wit and Ahhmeeed
Glad it worked out! :)
You know my name, not my story. You’ve heard what I’ve done, not what I’ve been through. Stop judging me.
Droppin a new joint very soon. "Be There" Live. JazzThugs x Decent Men =
In spite of the sleepy telecast on , this v tilt is good stuff!
Vote for Project Tomorrow for Cox Cares Nonprofit of the Year! www.cox-cares.org/grants/finalists
Labor costs are diminishing in emerging markets. Africa, South America and North America are resources to look at.
Hopefully Ill hang with my nigger best friend tomorrow.
#liber2001 Farewell to LIBER tweeps! It's been loads of fun all week. -Jackie
I really wanna wake up early so I can get a haircut
Doing well - trying to close out a big print sale, Friday is my marketing day. Hope to get back up in the mountains soon!
That awkward moment when 4Cars approach intersection @ same time & some1w/ natural leadership qualities raises hand!! Occurs ea. Day4 me!!
- I would likely GAIN sleep over it...
Save the date and get ready for one of the largest Gourmet Expos in Southern California! Perfect for all you who love the Gourmet lifestyle!
since ISTE i joined twitter n made my qr code!Proud girl!
Trinity Hall?
Ah haha! Yes my man! Thanks for the Bat Signal...ill be calling for details soon...Congrats!
We have more in common than we do apart, so fuck all that hating on bullshit.
Tyler the Creator sounds like Sticky Fingaz (Onyx) when he goes into his alter ego.
Hi Alan, Looks like order placed on the 25th did not ship. Asking for order to be replaced. Will keep you posted. Thanks, LM
yo this Joel holla at me
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results. - Willie Nelson
Phew. I am not familiar with his work, but I remember the accident.
Now the thing to remember boys... Flies spread disease, so keep yours closed! ~ Band of Brothers
lmao right really though wore my shit out
i mean, WHO still carries cash?
I record at my crib bro
i want to forward that one to chris... this mod is a criminal...
RT : Tonite, childhood dreams come true, all the sacrifices pay off & a new journey begins for 32 guys. It's a special day.
Thinking about skipping work to build my arc. #thisrainiscrazy Stay safe everyone!
#5ThingsICantStand arrogance insecurity jealousy dishonesty & brussel sprouts
I said to a fat girl today, "You're a big girl!" She replied, "Tell me something I don't know." I said, "Salad tastes nice"
Why is it called 'after dark' when it really is 'after light'?
In all seriousness please let Hossa be ok
Oh!!! Lol, my bad! U mean breakfast! Im talking bout church! ;) RT : I will take you all there
I already got a hot black/indian woman nah im good...
Yes, we lost to The Cartel in 's Harold competition. So sad. But on a positive note we lost to one of our favorite teams! #lose/win
Make your home the best looking house on the block, not to mention more energy efficient, with premium windows from Statewide!
All i ever think about is how to make you think of me and everything that we could be<3
dude i have to find a internship fast!!....
Is that the 5th ST:TOS movie?
Mos wanted crew >>>> any other crew on this season.
I respectfully disagree. I found Hoptimum a little cloying actually.
I think i'm just gonna fling myself off a building idk
Thanks so much! So glad you could visit us last week!
no kidding, we need to get something planned soon. Maybe revolving around special drink so we can win
With the Hollywood cap park, Caltrans laid claim to any air rights money, so it'd have to be built with grants and bonds.
Stay getting Thanks for da follow
You really need to differentiate how you handle shit.
thank you! You too Sarah!
I'm paying dearly with my nerves for this island painting commission...very tough revisions...hope to please my client with her new concept
": If you don't know who you are .. You leave yourself OPEN for someone to create who they think you should be .."
Exeutive Catering hand made pizzas---$10-$12 All pizzas are 16”thin crust U-bake --Get your order for the superbowl in Today!!!
this just broke my heart..
Love doesn<U+0092>t need reason. It speaks from the irrational wisdom of the heart.
We all know talk like this is just positioning you for a VP nod!
:D that would be amazing!!!
You can send us an email and we'll get back to you ASAP.
That makes my day a bit better. :) Now if we could only get the 70+ degree weather. I'm done with this cold.
I am getting sick of people not letting do what I want to do
you look sexier with dark locks :)
What a beautiful day to move into my apt. Hopefully I can move everything before I catch a cold from being wet
will you be live-tracking signatories? Would love to call with thanks
My new goal n da office is 2 quote Dolly Parton alot.. like “I have got lil feet b/c nothing grows n the shade”
Today is what we like to call #alfresco dining at its finest! Who's with us?!
There's always more to a picture than what is presented.
All report loud jets, lights above london what?
Apparently I'm Generation Y.
I'm pretty sure I met you last night..now I don't exactly remember. HOWEVER!... Ava is the cutest thing in the world.
Yay! reached our goal for the
Proportionally, if a flea were a person, that person could jump 1,000 feet high. How high can you jump?
When you do, just add me to a circle and I'll introduce you to folks like and
Who surfs the Net by pecking at the keyboard?www.oody www.oodpecker.
Uhm who is Ridge macking on in the background?
Great show this week!!! I love watching you in PLL! I wish my cousin would introduce us b/c ur friends with him!
lol, gotta save that for my transition to glutton-free
RIGHT :-) I think I might need to move you from my Pro Chefs list to Sports list with - loving it!
What is everyone doing for Fat Tuesday tomorrow night?!
I wish I could go but I live in Florida. :/
Chris must have been rapping with his grill on in Mercy remix..
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 14
Okay! OMG I LOVE YOU!
En route to lovely Sun valley, Idaho where tthe snow isn't falling and only 30% of the slopes are open :) xx
looking forward to my autographed copy and kudos to you for speaking out, it is badly needed in our community
Which rad #RockOfAges memory is YOUR fav?! The whole show! and Joel Hoekstra handing me a guitar pick during finale (i was frt row ctr)
well deserved - congrats!
Ok bro I'm out , talk to u tomorrow
that person should be me since I've been asking forever now.(:
AWESOME video! Its great that everyone gets to see the passion & love he has for baseball and his hometown.
Love it!!
I owe you lunch
* BRILLIANT! * RT "Condoms should change colors when they come in contact with STD's"
aw well I'm glad she had a happy life.
I can't with some of you
I will check it out. I'll go on your blog. My net is acting up for 3 days now. :(
story of my life at school. My mom always thinks I'm sick when I come home bc ill sleep hard for days and nothing else lol
If i dont get this early acces im just going to have to play gears anyway
BecauseICanHelp.com won a water station dedication at the 2011 LA Marathon for raising money via CrowdRise yesterday! Who hooo to us!!
Law & Order: FDA busted a company for a make believe clinical trial...tisk tisk.
I am always, always at the airport far too early.
Wow! Lol sorry you couldn't sleep in. It's a Saturday. Suppose to sleep in. Haha
Baker "About 30% of an #ISV expenses are often spent on customizing or maintaining their #software platform."
Who's the girl in your pic? I used to love her! Still do. #CHILDOFTHE 80'S
You NEVER eat at home. RT As I do often, I say Both ;-) “: Turkey Noodle Soup or Big Chunk Chicken Noodle Soup?”
HA! #legallyblonde -- you need to come out with and I sometime!!! :)
FOLLOW ME PLEASE
Sunday nights are back! The Killing and Chinese food
Dad & I loved that tour! RT CAF tour "Modern Skyscrapers" not as popular as historic tours - esp among Americans.
I won Skullgirls! Hopefully I can climb back up from losers in marvel
follow too
That video was all that & a bag of chips <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
My suggestion for Romney veep? Kaiser Soze. As unbelieveable as the GOP.
rectal route often is useful when oral ingestion
pause a part, rewind over and over until memorized. RE-THE-FUCKIN-PEAT.
As funny as Brian Williams is in that video, doesn't it undercut his/#NBC News credibility a bit?
Baby you light up my world like nobody else.
Athletes are given money through scholarships and represent the school but if allowed could expand to others. Slippery slope for privacy
": that's funny. Sorry for bring #2 in one of those categories. We suck." I blame kelly
Those are just images then. And why DO they want to switch to Prezi. I'm back to all slides.
Unconfirmed reports that Junior Seau has committed suicide.
I owe lunch, so I'm in
watching Tyler Perry's I can do bad all by myself I love Tyler Perry's movie's..
. incorporates healthy lifestyle habits into its treatment program to help women sustain long-term, healthy recoveries.
haven't tweeted in some days
Spontaneous Oakcrest fish fry!
Ive made a million errors in my life, but if you're a professional baseball player.. Field the fucking ball. Nunez is embarrassing to watch
It's about time gonzaga hit a 3
Hello friends.I'm smoker. And you?Which cigarettes you like to smoke?
I really need to start reading my horoscope as soon as I wake up, not after I went through half my day.
So on my birthday I get crappy presents. But on mothers day momma gets nice expensive presents? But whatever atleast i got something.
YEAH3 MALAYSIA THE WINNER
a rapper lol
What the fudge?!?!
If You're going to stare, at least say something.
Joint resolution on local aid would help city in planning
ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE x6 *head to the sky* I guess nothing will ever top that lol.
Yeah! So I've (hopefully) got 2 years and 4 months (but who's counting).
Don't expect if you call DWU at 1pm after 4 days without water that you can make an appointment for 3. You'll have to call back after 2:30.
Can we join you?! #sprummer RT "Ice Cream time."
As a Baylor bear, I want to thank RG3 for pulling our program out of the toilet. Mark my words, NFL hall of famer. Vick with a brain.
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge.
Defensive battle ends with 5-4 Big 10 Pub victory vs Dexter's. Dexters led the majority of the way before 3 run A's rally in the 6th...
At this point in my life I'm so happy nothing an Noone can Change that God is blessing me everyday an I continue to smile;)
DePaul has left the door open. Raiders have the ball, down 3 with 27 seconds left. Drama at the #OSC11!
A #BFHistoryLesson - today in 1837 #Canada gave black men the right to vote.
ok so um that new rihanna and chris brown tune badddtuhrassss!!!!!
#ECET2 is Standing with you. Remind pols. that teachers dream of a revitalized and elevated profession.
"True courage is not the brutal force of vulgar heroes, but the firm resolve of virtue and reason." - Alfred North Whitehead
thank you for following me today.
I see #globalhistory or "Big History" as a destination instead of a path forward.
they should rename the block you live on to Cuffing ave
Why can't I stop eating small children??
Followed bbz! Glad I made your night :)
RT : "firms and individuals who are motivated to learn about different cultures can improve the bottom line."...
nah man im radiong this shit
Beautiful day in Dallas. I'll be back in LA tomorrow to select my headshots for printing!
This bitch just popped out some heelys
brisk sunny day in NOLA. Commanders palace for brunch and the Riverboat Natchez this evening....jazz is in the air.
No Chris Bosh? Yeah the Heat might be out.
Is it really that hard to find your seat on an airplane?
Working at 12:53AM = when goes away
hey..I love you :)..& now a little more..& now even more! This is the most Ive loved you,& the least ill ever love you again!! <3
RT to kill battery RT i'm fina put my cell phone in my pussy so i can keep my battery full.. yall be eeeezzzz..
Its been 1 month I haven't tweeting. O.O
lol at people who can get on twitter on their phone but not text you back. I find that hilarious.
no kidding! Very bizarre stuff in there in Clintonville.
A pair of socks..
Gah! You staying home?
Sweet! Jealous.
Considering a short sale? Get the answers to your questions at http:tinyurl.com/3rl4goz
Thanks for the retweet! You guys are awesome!
Can you follow back? Please!:)
I can't do that
Either way there's still always a back man aside :p but this is the best worst idea I've had.
That's funny. The next thing you know, you'll have to pay treble fines for overdue books at your local public library.
Well Mom is finally discharged from the hospital and doing well! She has been there since 10th Feb! Thanks for your prayers! God Bless!
crashing hard from too much caffeine
Luke: Are you alright in there? Me: Yeah, just rehearsing my lines for tomorrow. Luke: Fake crying again? Me: Uh, yeah. Luke: Just checking.
RT : “: Rally Falls Short - #SFGiants Fall 5-4 to the #Rockies and split this 2 game series”. Uh, understatement ...
Next Show this Sunday at 123 Pleasant Street in Morgantown, WV.. All ages!! Be there or Beheaded!
Never underestimate the power of the internet, a good or bad review can significantly influence your online reputation.
with closing remarks.
Yep RT : Anybody ever had this conversation before, "OK if we get caught, here's the story..."
Looking for a close place to lift? Look no further than ! Come in for a 10 day free pass!!
Senate Education Committee voting on bill making access to vacant district buildings to charter schools. Bill passes 7-0.
Watching on Icarly(:
How about it just closes and e-mails bookmarks to all the open tabs after half an hour of inactivity? PTNT PND!!!
I'm about to listen to brian mcknight b4 i watch my movie... Lololol
You got a fish?
Ball: "We know that the knowledge-practice gap exists." How will we bridge the divide in education?
Great rehearsal today for 'Gershwin' concert. Fresh, interesting arrangements and superb musicianship. Yeah!
I don't believe in jinxes, but wow.
reading #theseptemberissue of any fashion magazine gets me so excited for fall<3
I concur RT : Hahaha! I hate bridges!! BEST TYPO EVER!!
dear tech "journalists" arguing about instagram photo quality on iPhone vs. Android. a) get a life and b) no one cares. love max.
No sleeping for this girl tonight cause I'm voting for :D <3
Hey David, good to meet you! Cheers mate! How's filmmaking treating you?
hahahahahhaahahha jaykaay (: when am i ever going to use this?
Im sick,
What's happening on torch wood
what's ur Skype name there's three different Chloe maslows lol
IMMIGRATION!! You just keep talking about the subjects I love, Barack.
Nice job by #Rockies Alex White not walking a batter tonight. Bad job by the Rox bats.
you had a bad week coming back from DisneySMMoms?! #onlyalittlebitjealous ;) cc
Time is moving so slow.... I know what I want, I just don't know the right path to get it
I prefer a girl to tweet something like"I cant roll but I will pack you a nice bowl not only cause idk how to roll but its also healthier!"
that's why they invented Hulu. With college kids in mind.
lol. Pretty good source.
Watch out Watt kids: prediction of earliest and worst allergy season. Ever.
Good morning. Thunder chased the dog back in. :D
Omfg howard is terrible!.
“: Two goldfish are in a tank. One turns to the other and asks, "How the hell do you drive this?"”
#Isles and #Bruins under way 3rd period
CMS utilizes the MC65 to give our customers real time information
I'll talk to her pops
's bday party, prolly gonna be as lame as he is lol, happy bday bro
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live. - Jim Rohn
i got an A in ancient greek philosophy! whoop whoop! but i'm still highly upset about that B+ in texas archaeology.
Funny tweets at
Thanks for the RT!
a #healthysmile tip from Kravitz Dental: Replace your toothbrush every two to three months.
If you are grown af and you are excited for a regular day such as, 4/20 you need to grow up!
Absolutely HUGE game today for my #Bearcats ...can't lose at home to a fellow bubble team...let's go UC!
My mid-life crisis will probably involve alot of Funions and Cake Boss.
My guess: poorly. RT : Wonder how well its being promoted locally...
Details on how to see it coming soon scott RT : how can we see this? Can't find in theaters...
Lol, well played!
i just saw this.. How rude!
Have the kill bill theme stuck in my head... good times :P
February 18th Baby!! Can't wait...I have an idea but it's a secret so follow me and I'll dm it to you. #PrettyPlease :D
and the Mormon Walrus is a great talent evaluator. He could find a gem down there.
Glad I'm not having to deal with light rail after the game.
So am I the only one hooked on #Scandal ??
Ravens are going for it on 4th and 6..Wow gutsy call by Harbaugh..
plz follow me u are totally funny and cool and I think apple products rule hey that rhymes haha lol
Watching Ball State Commencement on WIPB TV!
Chillin here in the home office.
Bet the nation is bubbling with excitement for this Warriors vs, Blazers game on ESPN tonight
Great Lakes runners. We're having a #DNation info session for all local(ish) runners on Dec. 8th at 6:15-Follow us to learn more!
Build #SM profiles. Build your network. When writing online content, write for people, not search engines. on
Honored to have been the 1st Latin American host to cover the Behind The Scenes of #SleepNoMoreNYC Thanks to everyone who made it possible
yes I do and I know I can't wait
New crepe restaurant going in on Railroad near Gaines.
That awkward moment you have no clue if your follower is gay o____O
you should listen to www.gloryholeradio.com
writing an essay for english...my journalism instincts are kicking in :]
How many entrants? How many seats? Good luck..
yea. Being a writer im still stuck in the 18 century
I'm in need of a handsyman for various fixes around my house.
Playing Wii with the kids...... Rockband? Mariocart? What ever happend to pac-man?
With rumors of the Vikings coming to LA, Los Angelinos should be happy w/ the move they did today. Great talent coming in with those picks.
Feelin' Kinda Down All Of A Sudden. G'night
thought of the day part 4: i'd rather find that audience with investigations and analysis. the other stuff has very little future.
There is a devil in every berry of the grape.
May need to see Rango now. Best animated film.
Last night saw the Avengers, tonight going to see the Cirque show LOVE. What fun things are you doing this weekend?
Bless you :) RT : May u always be blessed in all u do:) Blessings always sweetie:)
Church really helped me realize how blessed I am
Just spoke to my Granny. I don't know what I'd do without her
OH MAN OH MAN im so tired gonna take a nap
M, I love that place!! Noms.
no problem! and seriously im crying of laughter rn
Awww, shucks. That IS pretty darn cute. Thanks, Alicia!
- Joss is so easy to love.
$10 buckets and free pool today!
besides the perfect one? I'd love to know too! subdued #style in
the world is spinning all to fast and i can hardly catch my breath I'm just hoping this can last
just finished rebuilding the booth... yall know whats next!!!!
If I wasn't going to the sixers game, we should've gone to WC on friday to meet Matt Smith.
My 5 year old daughter Skye loves Dance Moms and MacKenzie the best!! :)
I haven't tweeted in a while
Yes !!! Are you coming too ?
Jus Woke Up To A Lil Boy In My Face, Tf '. Accidently Hit Himm In His Face.. My Badd Kid , My Badd.
thxs for having mindless b on Sat I was there it Was the best day will u every have them cum for instore again plz do
that's part of what I loved about it!
There is something about listening to #JamesBrown on a Friday that is very enjoyable. It makes me want to "step back and kiss myself"
So THAT'S what it feels like.
I Love you tyler hoechlin i love yoe colton haynes i love you tyler posey and i love you dylan o'brien ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
could be
Humility and submission, the two prerequisites for true power, can never be separated. - Ruth Harvey, The Shelf of Life
sounds like a party! I'll try to stop by!
Everything being equal deadline wise, I prefer to get the heavy lifting out of the way first.
read that he was involved in headon collision in France while converting those heathens; in coma for a few days-new
Today was the last day of school.My kids are so happy.We are headed to the beach.They have never been before.
It's 2pm...and we've officially premiered our #newmenu! Join us tonight for a first look, and of course, cheese and wine.
If it wasn't for my Rock Boat playlist, it would be unbearable! I miss my friend The Rock Boat! K.I.T. JB
SPOIL yourself with THE moisturizing candle, that leaves your skin feeling and smelling wonderful. www.miajoycandles.etsy.com
I thought you signed off.
Locally, might be Sparky. :)
Hey you know what u should do I'm just giving u some Ideas? Can u please follow my Twitter sister please!<3
Meeting: what value does this buy us? 'It's like kissing a unicorn while sitting on a pot of gold'.
Still accepting resumes for an entry-level FT Marketing Assistant position in a FUN & growing company! Send resume to
I have a new addiction to Fresca sodas! Not for much longer.....bummer!
What happened to ?
It's a GOAL! It's a new-born baby GOAL! Let's go #Caps! Up 3-2, 5:48 left.
My sweatpants are super snug today.
Hey guys, it's Saturday! What's goin down?
thank you :]
Dam it!
Would follow us back? Our new Boston sports store is in Fenway. Come visit 186 Brookline Ave
that sounds exciting! Took my ma and pa to Oddfellows today for some breakfast. We had a great time. It was packed!
time?!? Cause you knows I gots stuff to do plus ESPN been getting on my damn nerves lately lol
One Word To Describe Your Day...
notice he not answering
I used to have Uverse. loved it! the only reason I have TWC now is because there was supposedly a deal through my apt complex.
MT : Talk Tiny Bubbles..Wine Spectator Taste Like a Pro-this Fri 6pm & Sat 12.30pm - start w
This old woman next to me on the bus is reading bible literature which I find ironic because I was just praying to God that she stop farting
Can't believe how fast march is going already
But I think this is an inherent part of the psychedelic experience for many people. The question is why?
Thank you :)
yeah thats what i thought BUB.,
New job combines my passions for entrepreneurship and networking. If you're into startups,check out and plz spread the word!
ahhaha never give up on someone you care about... wat type of shit is that... LOL
#Pet Safety Tip: Always keep an identification file for your pet, which includes recent photos and a detailed description.
All you need is love :) Kickin' it at the office until you get here!!! Woot!
Good Afternoon! Twitterers ..
Thanks for sharing!
I think those suggestions are meant to be ironic. They never make any sense.
Most definitely agree!
Wis. elections board unanimously says recall election against GOP Sen. Scott Fitzgerald can proceed
It's been a sad and painful day for me on all fronts.
love the shirts! see ya there!
..bet you think my tweets be about you, i say i bet you think my tweets be about you.. lmbo
That's me!
I'm doing my natural science project it about biodiversity
Happy New Yr recommended I get in touch with you. Looking for some short #Drupal training assistance on a project.
Gasol thought he won the game with his first bucket
y u so cute
I Have MCAS for the next 2 days please wish me luck <3
#NB Violin to viola is so bad because it transcribes a 5th down aka INTO THE WRONG KEY. You're talking a new level of awful.
The bigger the bullet the more that bitch go bang!
Senior is on the top prospect list for todays Supplemental draft
Good luck with that (and your Phillies). Happy birthday.
Today, come and meet us for Jazz Brunch at Oro Pomodoro at Rockville Town Square. Kids eat for free all Sunday.
All these Ferrari cars flying right now.
Fighting the urge to celebrate too early. Less than a minute to go....
Sweet, just won some bucks @ #sactweetup! If only I had them on the Qponomics app...
My friend of nearly 20 years tried to insult my wife! Not a friend anymore.
Jimmy Kimmel: "There's a term for guys like President Obama. Probably not two terms." Hope he's right.
- I'm embarrassed to say how emotionally invested I was in that game. You are the Kathryn Bigalow to my James Cameron.
Good luck Stanley!
RT : GREAT! I love being a Marketing major at #FIU!! :)
Hahah yeah, i am. Just like a ninja (which i love) or Batman C: and nope, guess i aint. Score.
What do guys notice first on a woman, hair or boobs? Reply to us with #hair or #boobs to vote!
can you feel the party coming on?...humm, by this time tomorrow...you should be day-dreaming of the ruckus we'll be causing 9pm++
A confused orange is a happy orange. C:
Oh my goodness! That sounds like fun. I love horses..I've never ridden on one before, Well, I did once but it was a pony ride!
Yeah :/ he's had that dog forever
haha I'm saying bro! I took a picture of it but it won't upload on twitter for some reason
"this looks like a sharks game". Wtf #Flyers looking awful
Date Night with + 1
I think I might just bike to work this whole summer instead of drive. Cos I really do NOT wanna be out of shape by the time August comes...
OMG i don't wanna go back to school but i miss my frands love you guys
Ok, I have to work on app design! ;)
Hey all how have u been pimp me.
Sorry to be so late, but thanks for including us!
What's worse on stage: a burp coming up when you're singing, or dropping your guitar pick in the sound hole?
do you say that #ouch lmao
Mobile swiftly moves to core of all brand communications. www.zesmo.com
happy travels!
"business orientation, expectations, political connection, cultural adaptation." and in midst of all that, get some work done!
#TeamGod Every day & every night <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
#sla2010 in politics today, we're self-validtng our beliefs: Carville
really liking the Jerel Worthy pick
RT - Go Brady!Go Patriots!Go New England! I've come back to twitter
Watching Shattered Glass. Love this movie.
Disappointment: being favored in every game but one and going 6-6. Leadership problem, not a playmaker or officiating problem
the best Bento has to offer from Portugal, or does he only want men who will say yes and march to his tune?
THEN IMMA START RAPPING SOME DRAKE SINGING SUM C.BROWN && SINGING SUM NIRVANA!!!
<U+2752> Single <U+2752> Taken <U+2714> Missing Somebody.
I'm originally from western NY, south of Buffalo. Good luck w/ your stateside move.
I remember working All Hearts! Are you nominated for any student awards?
The Dream Talks Cheating on Christina Milian, Writing Hit Songs, Working with Kim Kardashian and More with “The Breakfast Club” [VIDEO]
I never realized it, but since I have a finger mustache I'm part French now...
I've been hating Drake long before it was cool. Just another r&b singer
Do you mean when our score projections differ by more than 10 pts from the game spread and total?
Sigh... I'm so far behind on blogging and other social stuff. Busy stinks sometimes =/
MT : I less than three for bringing me an italian sub from all the way to my work on his day off.
you love me, so hush.
is playing softball. :D
how deep is ur love for me druhill
lol sounds good to me
I've had Jameson antithesis a pickle back! Let's go it's Friday cheers!
The best way to avoid arguments with your children is by talking with them in age-appropriate ways. Use words they understand.
Week 3 and Latisse eyelashes are finally showing...longer, darker and curling up! It works !
libraries as trust (or distrust?) institutions -- can we lead DH for the people? weighs in.
Hmm… It's 2012, and I still think Office 2003 was the best Office release they ever had. Not exactly progress.
Treat your girl with respect and she might do the same lol
Exams going on in my outer office...trapped!!!
YES RT : Words can't describe how excited I am to see everyone in Chicago tomorrow! :D
Anna Chich Jewelry will be worn in the Snow fashion show tonight in SF! We are so excited!
Congrats to on her prize! Signing off of
I know Facebook is hella whack but people need to make their own, instead of going on mine.
I'm so ready to be successful!My own CAREER!My own condominium! My own BMW! My own 6 figure plus salary! Ready to start the rest of my life!
aw thanks so much hun!! It was a lot of fun to make, though I wish I Nessie was in it...looked weird though when I tried
This is my day for walking (for about an hour) in Central Park.The low temps and wind chill have nothing to do with it.I need sunglasses,tho
thanks Nancy! Have a great weekend yourself.
I'm in section 209 !
Getting some beach time in after our Sunday night Rehoboth beach show
Its fun Going to random weddings and yelling "Don't marry him, I still love you!"
Spring Green General Store!
Happy Mother's Day to all of the mothers, aunts, sisters & the rest of the village who have stepped up & understood the call to mother.
aw, man. THAT is busy.
That's where I've been for almost 11 hours now.
Wishing I was heading to Paris...
I guess were going to go into Yemeni now. Troops fired on protesters there.
There's an Ikea opening in Centennial in Fall 2011! Hallelujah!
I know!! I'm sorry. That was an example of why one should read before she tweets! , when r y'all coming to Austin?!
Saving Gotham City from Dr. Hugo Strange.
hah, 'constellation prize'. i see what you did there.
I type like SUCH a girl >__<
Getting a few good #blackfriday chaos pics. If you got em send em. Showcase is tomorrow.
I gotta admit, my wife cooks very well and it is a big +. However, maybe he'll cook for you instead? ;)
We are one of the few places that still have #Hopslam. Tonight is our wet bar. 3.95 gets you steamed shrimp, oysters or mussels!
I was told to stay away. Those 2 words I can't obey. So now I dance in the flames. I love you crying & screaming my name.
more missions to come
im doing good just chillin at home we suppose to be gettin more snow how u doing
and the Five Heels love the pink soccer ball!
congrats!! We're excited to have you!
SWEET! Were doing pretty well for a couple of girls, hey? #hnh2012!!
Thank U! Yea jus a lil dwn but I'm shakin it.
“ “ Time to take down the tree, because every year should start with a menial, depressing chore.””
Ran into an old friend and the first thing that came out of my mouth was "my birthday is in a week!" i get my smoothest skills from
hey plz tell them to give me a shoutout !!!!! Lol if u can u don't hve to if u don't hve time!! Lol
Are you looking to buy/sell a home?
Summerfest booklets are now available at the City Center Concierge desk!
In your opinion, what is the worst/messiest dish you could order on a first date? Ribs? Saucy spaghetti? What do you think??
I think rob and tosh just need to team up and create ridiculousness.0
Our main business is not to see what lies dimly at a distance, but to do what lies clearly at hand. Thomas Carlyle
I just wanna be up north, laying on my dock, and looking up at the stars.
And if you're there to see #art, check out Buff Elting's new work at Space Gallery. RT Santa Fe District in
Yep! My Jomadado shop is where the shirt is from. Made it in 2009 & it took off in Dec 2011 thanks to Kidd Kraddick.
#Ignite- for daily thought leader nuggets www.smartbrief.com
Crap, Flying Colors is only doing one east coast show in NYC during the middle of the week. Tough for a college student! :(
I love talking to him<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
#winning RT Pantsless driver arrested for alleged 6th drunken driving offense, police say
No matter what you've done, you are still the apple of God's eye, Fantasia. Repent, forgive, love yourself and move forward!
how does the instant replay CONFIRM a clear path foul?? Barnes clearly tripped!!
i know omg i'm so worried like what if
Glad I have at least one person excited about my live tweeting! Follow my Newborn Class thoughts at #BabiesAreScary :)
watching kick ass lol :)
Well I've seen you suffer, I've seen you cry for days and days So I'll be your liquor, demons will drown and float away...
been busy but doing pretty good. I have a new boyfriend and am so much happier
Thanks Astrid for the great tweet!!!
Share with me your data! i.e Apple,and it's decision to hire slav labr n China And get Tx brks.2 chg $500 4 a 40$ tool.
weekends shouldn't be so short..
This Saturday at the Columbus Civic Center. Lost On LeMans and Ice skating + food and drinks. ONLY $5 :)
I back Lars if such a throw down were to happen :)
study session tmwr same place as last time?
Who else has pink eye double time? (both eyes) Oh ya, no one! Cuz everything always happens to me! #Pain Like people say #NoPainNoGain :(
Steal ideas from other libraries as well as people outside of libraries.
I thought this was the bulls year, hopefully Derek Rose has a speedy recovery.
You don't understand me, The way I keep us here.
I just did a search for #Downton, and saw that you posted something. How weird. Love that show...
I'M SAD MY DREAM DIDN'T COME TRUE YOUR NEVER GONNA FOLLOW ME BUT YOUR STILL AMAZING AND I STILL <33333333333333333 YOY SO MUCH
#oregon band looks like pizza delivery guys
Hey I ment to tell you that you looked cute in you dress tha other day:)
Quote from new PatD song: "ever since we met/I only shoot up with your perfume/it's the only thing/that makes me feel as good as you do" wow
Mandatory overtime just killed my weekend trying to come up with plan B some people will be upset
Caged Wisdom
hello weirdo :p im bored so i decided to twitter
Go USA Soccer!
Wouldnt it be awesome if followed me that wouldnt happen though:( but ill always keep believing maybe one day it will(:
in honor of #FF, please welcome my first graduate student to join twitter:
yep, i am new here :D
THEY COULD SING DREAMER AND HAVE FLOATING TACOS ABOVE THEM LIKE THEY DREAMIN ABOUT TACO BELL TACOS!
You got it.
the force be with you, it may.
I agree but a lot of fans hv acted to me like he's the second coming (to which I reply: "Do U even WATCH basketball? LOL")
Thank you so much. <3would you please tell your followers to vote for Germany too? It's our biggest dream. And you've a big acc.
Thank god for blessing me to see 21 a lot niggas don't make it this far
RT : #1 barrier to get mobile implemented at the SMB level is automation. Interesting point from So-Lo-Mo panel
Just let the Orioles savor one sweet moment at the top, alright? I'm sure it's fleeting... :P
Avoid John Nolen Inbound, Dane Co dispatch tells me there is a multi-vehicle crash causing delays.
we're definitely getting ready, lots of new shows in the works! #cancersucks indeed.
Sometimes times u end up losing yourself trying to hold on to someone that doesn't care about losing you
Kathleen Jones, Kindezi school founder: Beauty of charter schools is you can try out different things.
Thanks for the follow
I just realized that I have 2 wisdom teeth coming in...kill me now.
no prob at all. You should come out sometime we have good food and horny hour is a great deal
ima take him to your moms early that ok?
Texture. Something that crayons can cling to.
is back
and or glitter may i ad ;)
i think i need a chocolate stash in my desk.
RT : My wife said she wanted to "do it in public." Why would she want other people to see her cook?
2 presentations, 2 papers and an exam just before finals just isn't fair
is this real life
Just saw a guy on a Harley with a yoga mat on his back.
in the last pic, im the girl in the white skirt(:
for those keeping score it is Whitlock-1 and The World-0
That's a hidden gem of a wine. The regular Grignolino is a terrific spaghetti wine, too.
Having a little issue with the server, hopefully the site will be back up and running in no time!
Alert the press! Fritz has two working tail lights now!
Best head shrinkers in town!
I failed my German test and Now is singing.... oh German class hahaha
That's crazy. Whoever is doing this needs to be caught and severely punished. That stuff isn't funny at all.
my staff just told me dropped out of the prez race y'all. Good thing he did it before he made a FOOL of himself
goodnight jessica
THIS DAMN GAME IS NOT OVER\
we r always there!! :-) come stop by
puppy party play dates?!?!?
Looking forward to the Tequila Dinner during Jan 2010!
wtf you doing
why do you constantly tease my hair? You must be jealous.
yea "Taking pictures wit the president..told em for health care my music is the medicine" GET EM BABY!!!!
Gregg popovich might be the best coach in sports.
true but what are y'all chance at winning this series? Y'all in trouble lol
happy Pi Day all!
#FantasyFootball fans... Week 9 sleeper picks are up at www.hottubsleeperpicks.com
One thing I will NOT tolerate is a thief.
I noticed whenever i take a nap, I always wake up to my sister doing -____- something always has to REALLY bright or REALLY loud >.>
You try to be cool, you look like a fool to me....
More first reactions: Watching derby with someone who’s skated and reffed raises fascinating discussions of strategy and tactics.
The first Chen Award goes to & for "Apps for Kids & Parents". Congrats!
You are the BADESS bitch on the block!!!!! :)
gonna be in lex this weekend skidz?!
thank you for the quick response.
ahahah! I go to matt whats up, he goes in the shower u ? i go texting in the shower?! lmfaoo
2012, supposed to be end of the world, maybe we all get eaten by the giant earthworms
I tweet my feelings because I'm scared to tell you how I'm feeling .
Totally in love with all the huge dangly statement earrings that wears on she def has personal style!!
oh cool! next up get you out west :)
U.S. appeals court overturns a 2010 decision that absolved from having to police for media content that violated copyrights
Finally getting the hang of driving in Chicago
Congrats, Kevin!
is it ok if I make a band called "Mitch Canada" from last weeks game scoop?
#Design enables conversations and ideas that can solve the world's most pressing issues.
Flogging Pancake
It was probably me. Good memories!
we are in! #statebeer. when I am in sf next weekend, I wasn't planning on drinking any non-Cali beers anyway!
I learned it by watching you, Kate. I learned it by watching you.
and my dad said "No honey, that's a BOY lion. It has a mane. See?" So I said, "Then HIS name is JENNY."
Burnt to a crisp.
i goto take a shower i feel like i am nasty!! lol
Leveraging the market&#39;s new normal
ha nope! new album is just great. not like their old stuff...i'm sure there's legions of (still) melancholy fans who hate it.
o hai Jeff carter
and Religious Extremists he criticizes have much in common.
Outrageous! I am perfectly qualified to teach #DH or medieval lit with DH. I use Twitter, Hootsuite, and Zotero with Worldcat
First taste of real sunlight in a very long time.
thanks, yep May. But I'll keep trying, it's a great deal! #LOVE Alaska Air
Having trouble getting #organic traffic? Try using a high key word density domain name for your business (i.e. citynameindustry.com).
For one day let everyone say exactly what they want to say
You're welcome lil one :))
ng. ~ALBERT¦EINSTEIN~
You never know how people feel
Very very busy day!
Happy Hour @ 4 Aces Grill w/music by Dj Cruz from 3 to 7! Start your weekend off with us here at 4 Aces Grill!
#IReallyWant you here with me right now .. It's hard
First Bonus Crossword Clue for May is more like a correction... okay, it is a correction: 33-Down should read "TWO ens make one."
go on Facebook!
Yes, I'm lame for bringing & to starbucks. Throw tomatoes.
much thanks
And now you just wanna go home and listen to Drake, text her at like 4 saying "hope you having fun with that new nigga"
I disagree with this entire tweet except the spring > winter part.
Hurricane Katrina Five Years Later: Hope For New Orleans
Nigga don't front with me,remember I know you...
there's always that one "arms folded" pose that guys do to make them selfs look more buff hahahaha.
the one with John Oliver? No.
The worst frozen pizza tastes better than the freshest salad.
please!!! I have 24 hours to give some amazing excuse..
Safe to say I'm not having a good day =/
Hope I don't confuse anyone ... changed my User name to ChatToText_Guru ... alrighty then ...
#finally. That 6-month TV non compete has expired --- I hope you'll tune in to see Jeff, Brian and me on KOIN TV at 4pm
hey justin plz follow me i begg u
IU bound this weekend.
Grateful to and for sharing the power of #glamwiki - can't wait for Weds 9am Wikipedia sesh!
tell u tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
thanks man!
I'm not sure I understand what happened. Can you email me?
Spaghetti, with or without meatballs?
An elder at my church brought me a caramel macchiato today!!! Day=MADE! #MyLuvCanBeBought haha Jkjk...but really :)))
what's up with mtu error? ref# is 1170840779
OK Siri was able to tell me that it is not raining. But I asked for tomato soup & she goes, "I don't understand CZN Buddism Melissa"
y did you steal my phone that day >,< lol
So, We want to know who your favorite artist/bands are that aren't well known? Let us know who they are! :)
dam Craig bout to pass u up in followers ALREADY lmao #HowDoThatMakeYouFeel ?
The object of the superior man is truth. Confucius
Don't look now, Bar Louie Water St is the place to be for Patio fun! Get your tix for the May 21st Katio Kick Off Luau, Open Bar 9pm - 10pm!
I'm bad at guessing age..the only one who looked at me was late 30s I'd guess
" Why do I have a q-tip in my pants? "
I was lucky enough to see him in concert. What a show. What a performer and what a legend he will always be. Truly the king of pop
DID YOU KNOW?! "Hippos can open their mouth 180 degrees" YOU'RE WELCOME!
Scott's homemade Chessecake tonight in honor of National Cheesecake Day . Looks yummy!
He wasn't there.
OMG THE NEW JERSEY SHORE TONIGHT AMAZING!!! RAMMIE BACK ON OMG I LOVE YOU
I don't get it
Anybody who thinks this was the best halftime show is crazy. How can you forget Prince singing Purple Rain.. in the rain?
Anyone who is anyone in #Journalism is here at the NYU Arthur L. Carter Journalism Institute, 20 Cooper Square, 6th Floor in NYC!!
still up and on kush
Good night world
beers with the Felsenator, Happy Birthday
#lifeistooshort to NOT wear what YOU are comfortable in!
Alameda Sheriff Bus on fire-complete with prisoners on board. Couldn't believe my eyes! Finally they started unloading as we passed slowly.
Funniest tweets ever, lol love them.
Who would like to win FREE tickets to the Indiana State Fair? LIKE our Facebook page or follow us on Twitter for a chance to win!
no not at all.
“: we have tickets to Interpol+Blonde Redhead at terminal 5 on Sunday. Follow + RT with "I LOVE " to enter”
“: Gwars "America Must Be Destroyed" is quite possibly their best album.”. Seeing Gwar for tmrw! Gotta record Raw
#EdUSAForum - Discussion on creating linkages with local governments in other countries to promote more international students coming to US
Today was funny #mcdonalds run
We're actually just distracting you with our shiny #FFs so can steal your bike when you're not looking.
RT : RT [client]: I'll be on today at noon in Seattle (local NPR station) w/ a #CES wrap-up for
When you get up in the middle of the night & have to pee.
Hi Sarah, FIERCE eye makeup!
give the gift of music. touches the soul, lifts up the spirit...
Solana Beach votes overwhelmingly to ban single-use plastic bags!
Cannot wait to reunite with the birds this weekend
The Hulk > everyone else.
Playing at tonight with Jake Vinsel and Jeremy Cunningham, 9:30-12!
Fife Flowers and Gifts wants to know what your favorite flower is...
This essay sucks
Oh, dear. Big lightning. Now I feel safe.
HDone for lunch then back at the design game!
PRETTY LITTLE LIARS. <3
Why do bears get recognition for honey? Shouldn't bees?!!!
looks delicious! & whatever is on the plate looks good too ;)
#SUCCESSBABY! RT : let's do it!
calling my bank tomorrow... have some questionable charges on my bank statement!! #TF!!!
So, bitter-tasting sunflower falafel was the first strike on the food front. Otherwise, great food throughout - well done,
TOMORROW 10:30-1 Hot Chocolate will be in Spring Valley at Rancho San Diego plaza! Address is 2700 Via Orange way (look for the flagpole)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!!!!!!!!!! YOUR THE BEST :) Tell Jeff he better do something special 4 ya!
tell Toronto I miss them. Xoxo
mentioning guinea pigs is one of the top 5 ways to lose twitter follows
Freedom is like a hit of acid: Some people can handle it and some people lose thier shit and attack an embassy.
Highlight student work in digital course content at start of class to create incentive to participate in blogs, wikis, tweets.
LIVE: Congressional #French Caucus: Amb. Delattre opens by thanking Sen.s #Landrieu and #Boozman for organizing mtg on #nuclear waste
ya'll staying at the Tropicana
#battlefield3 is amazing! Anyone on x box live add me wezlucas
All this contraception silliness just reminds me that this is the dying throes of an irrelevant breed: the Wild American Jackass.
pretty good!
Character may be manifested in the great moments, but it is made in the small ones. -Les Brown
... with QR tag to scan for link to our Facebook memorial page, GPS coordinates of demise, and links to our best tweets/diggs
True RT : It's only years later that we appreciate the importance of family photos.
Found: Birth place of the internet. FAKE! That is NOT Al Gore's basement…
that's quite a workout for the morning. How long did it take you?
those aren't nails they are freaking claws
hypocritical bitch
And most importantly, lifelong friendships have been created because of PJ. And of course, I can't forget my #PJFam. Thanks for the support.
Another "GREEN" COMPANY, CheapGreenPrinting.com soy NOT Oil based inks & Recycled Paper n Card stocks at the same traditionnal prices
Happy Valentine's Day everyone !
why you love me really so so much im just kidding u know i feel the same she gigglez wen she kiss me like...
my wife is couponing and planning a grocery store trip, #ohmygod someone please help me!
My mornings are not complete without the news. Suki & Francis are THE best. Hands down.
Where r u in this pic?
When my nephew was asked to go to bed he said " no mama YOLO", yes I taught him that
I better go find my truck keys.
I wish that person I see looking back in the mirror wasn't me.
I just registered for the Columbia University Reference Symposium for Friday March 16
apparently a lot of people "know" me... ask me who they are and i'd have no clue...
Thanks, Mary!
Looking for Turk Muro. Anyone have any info?
I know! We've been denied her Facebook friendship! Word is that she might be her next weekend.
Jenny these chicks r killing me. Need a real lady over here.
Dropbox Strikes Back: Adds Auto-Uploading, More Capacity - Tom's Guide
own one, and now purchasing other... can be a pricey obsession, this hitchcock thang.
If I could punch an Excel formula in the face I would.
i love you to!!!! <3 follow me someday please.
Oh nos! And is in Ohio now, you can wave at each other from across the state!
Love Scott. Such an ass.
i do find it heartening that the sites where peers contribute content (reddit, wikipedia) stood up for their audiences.
Life is annoying the hell out of me right about now.
no problem! :) thanks for telling(asking) me to send a pic!
Justin is so sexy eixnwodbs
I wish I couldve saw Mike Tyson in his prime
Need a place near Mechanicsburg PA for a benefit dinner for #PediatricCancer. Msg if you know of anything affordable!
Everybody follow & #bang!!!
Fruit tastes so much better in Jamaica...and so does everything else!!
Because we are all older than at #AAUP10! I don't know why ... but I'm more tired than I usually am after conferences.
I dont believe you to be honest.
Why do people with bad breath always have to tell me secrets???
Bulls are going to get put out by the 76ers.. Damn
Yeah, raising money for Eppi's org. $5/ tweet up to 20 tweets today and 26th.
gold digger by Kanye West. <3
at the KCA's!!!!!! He kept sticking his tongue out!?!! Ahh too cute :)
The Bums of Morgantown???
Shenmue was my shit (except when it wouldn't save right). Dreamcast was killin it for awhile. Soul caliber!
Summer summer time I can't wait
Not sure how I feel about RT so often. Do you think Oprah's Tweets will start showing up in fortune cookies?
You DO realize that madras plaid never really went out of style, right?
come out here today man!
thanks for making my dad's valentines day so special! He hearts you!
hey Cakes, don't pussy-out and stop hating Lebron just because you met him tonight.
My bangs are feathering like it's 1990. I need a haircut.
sweet. I'll try to be there!
If u don't know the half, then u don't know shit.
Cheers to a great week. Thankful that this weekend reminded me of the best of me!
I'm a night owl.. Plus I studied tonight. Im listening to slash play blues with bb king. Its the best music ever.
Hello world! Welcome to the official twitter of the American Studies program at Georgetown. Check back often and tell your friends!
Thank you so much ! Hope those students are treating you well!
Steve Raleigh, do you really need to be surrounded that many computers?
“I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.” <U+2015> Mark Twain
do you know if these will b brosdcast in Us or just US team games?
My hairs weird looking i need to go bak to my original color
I is so sad. Chwistmas twee goes away today. Don't do it & don't do it
RT Thank you for the Professional Fellowship. I highly recommend NABEF's Executive Development Seminar www.nabef.org
Easy the most exciting final four I have ever watched
Thanks do much for coming out to my event.
No, be quiet and listen to your
good choice<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I can understand that. I am pleased we have this in WI though because few places do & it helps remind people to think critically
Wtf is up with people? You stink! take a shower!
I love the confidence. After KGs performance last night I'll believe anything #vintage I say bring on the Heat baby
Best 1 in a long time! Madonna killed it! RT : What did you guys think of the halftime show?
My sister's babies are now 1 week old!
there are a lot of us who want to read your stories, but do it on your own time. Real fans will be there when YOU are ready :)
Willie McCovey #44 1973 San Francisco Giants Authentic Throwback Mitchell and Ness MLB Baseball Jersey (Grey)
have you done your picture yet? remember the thing were doin for the ___________ ? (:
yeah kinda not tht long if you thnk about it
love this new cassette 4-track! hope it lasts a long time.
I'm in the mood to go see a moviee.
So he's definitely calling little spoon?
Bristol for the dayy.
#FF because Mr. Measures is a funny, smart gentleman.
Totally into it. We're not Santo and Johnny. We're Cento and Randy.
theres always that bunch of fake people in high school and even after high school. things never change. should i put them on blast? fun!
Belly button piercings is the most annoying, uncomfortable healing process.
i'm on the verge of landing my first corporate client! Final meeting is set for Wednesday. YAOW!!
The acid trip scene from Mad Men is making me have flashbacks. My arm looks so weird right now.
I think I'll be playing a majority of my online games with Dallas this year...I like Dez Bryant as their 3rd reciever
Perry plays Morman card, then demands Romney reputidiate Romney care, then says revolutionary war was in 16th Century.Love it!
...Sure! I'll Tweet you my exact location when I get there, but you can't tell anyone else where I am ;-)
Thank you so much!!!!!
moisturize your hands
: trying to determine how to save face. Guess I'm going to Donuts w Dads and challenging the ninja to a fight.
I hate myself so effing much right now. ... in other news, my phone is about to die. Goodnight.
If you haven't heard, the game isn't going to start until 6:40 because it isn't raining.
""Never Mind." Definition: You should've listened the first 3 times b*tch."
I hear your as obsessed with the Manson family / murders as well :)
Dear dissertation: You're welcome to stop inducing migraines whenever you'd like. Sooner, rather than later.
miss you to my love. I'm headed to pick u up now.
wow! I didn't kno that! She good. She's grown as a hell
I'm sick of being the piece of crap I am. It's time for some serious change...time for actions
watching him in titanic 3-D again wasn't bad either....!
If you get shafted by any tests this semester, don't make it a drug test.
There is nothing but a bunch of lonely people talking about what they want on fb, oh yeah and drama. smfh
Well I think I found the reason why I'm always the dumpy My heart will always belong to (,= Mood:INLOVED
Tipped our waitress $0. Don't think I ever did that before. Awesome food. Awful service.
Thanks for eating with us yesterday! Love seeing the checkins! How was your pizza?
Gotta hang dry wall in the morning
Bad timing for great smells
I grew up in NC a UNC fan.But, I have been exposed to the bulldog madness for 12 years and it as grown on me.I bet the games r nuts
I'm sorry, but migraines and church aren't plausible reason to miss practice or a performance.
Thanks, I sent him a note :)
Is it bleacher and boogs night at the yard? Someone help us out with this intel
Finish this: The competition was stiffer than _______.
im making a documentry about whats the meaning of l.i.f.e (living in fearless enjoyment) coming soon
Does anyone remember the show "Static Shock" that was on WB? I just discovered there was an episode that discussed racism. Incredible.
please follow, i'd love u forever if you did! ..
Audience member asks what role fear plays in our need to work at the cost to happiness. De Graaf says polls show it's stress and anxiety...
Yur All I Want. Everything I Need.
Good news! My friend's black lab often eats things she shouldn't.
: Attending #SALT2012 in Vegas where #BDO is a sponsor.
Nice! I'm going to the gym and then watching the NHL All-Star Game at 1pm!
Jennifer Hudson Brings the Diva at VH1 's Soul Event When Jennifer Hudson was invited to perform at VH1 's Divas Celebrate Soul event, we
Whitney's Muni Forecast Is Short on Specifics
well dude.. It matters. I don't fuck around with that colby jack shit.
Obama’s faith-based failure
Everyday that I don't see blood in my urine? That's a good day. Except when I also don't eat pizza.
Watching TVOne. "Black Iron Chef" is actually called, "My Momma Throws Down".
Wow, you are just shopping up a storm today, aren't you? ;-)
Yes, it will! When do you here back from social security?
i was so excited to wear it... Glad u liked it!
O_o What I Do???
I just don't think you could be ignored. You are a power house. Claim it. Remember, some times, its good to be ignored :)
I'm trying get back in the gym
Seriously people. It's game one. Chill. #Lakers Maybe needs an account...
Be sure to follow
Your are not enjoying the holiday if you are not listening to Christmas music on
I live in denver with my husband of six years this sat. And my 31/2 yr old daughter hayley. I love the avs.
(AP) -- Mount Rainier park official says Washington state snowshoer missing since Saturday found alive
Peach mango green tea is honestly the greatest thing ever
Strong start! Let's do this.
Obama needs to invoke the 14th Amendment. Pls vote against the debt ceiling deal. We can’t afford this “compromise”.
I invited 3 kids and a dog to spend the night and just rolls with it. That's hawt.
By far the hardest thing I've ever done
ppl have some stanky ass attitudes today
hey gorgeous...
Wait, whose keys were those?
Thanks lady! We have fun for sure ;) thanks for watching us! It means a lot!
Putting together my grammas printer... (: RT : What a nice sunday(: Is anyone doing anything cool today?
RT - Eagles and the jacksonville jaguars going to the superbowl
Xmas Tweets: my favorite moments- NYE at Wildfire, listening to mom recount scenes from Bridesmaids every day, and dad's OCD.
Your girlfriend should be your best friend. It's not just a title
i know its a joke. Apparently they are made extremely well tho
Windows open, apartment filled with the sound of frogs. Yay Spring!
wants me to make water for her! can vouch for that.
it was so weird hahaah
join today for free post your highlight tapes and photos show off your talent today for free help college coaches find you
Looking for #TechKaraoke #TwonkyTK pics & video? They are in editing now & will be up on Techkaraoke dot com VERY soon! :)
Just childish
May the odds be ever in your favor... great movie! Now I HAVE TO read the books :/ Such a fate... :p
Just ate some Indian curry over Jasmine rice. Yummy!
s beard kill 99.1% of germs. The other .1% is submitted to cleaning and grooming his beard.
nothing better than 30 degree weather, sitting at home in zionsville.
Seriously, is there anyone on this planet Earth that hasn't talked shit about me behind my back?
Imagine if you accidently dialed the wrong number and it ended up being a guy from BTR...
Well I guess im going slacker today (:
Omgz I <3 my gaugez RT : I like having friends who aren't bragging about their plugs all the time like most people in this city.
Passion and drama and some really comfy cushions somewhere in the mix. Looking forward to talking to you soon.
5/16/1785->F Hopkins:..to touches of the Painters pencil..I sit like patience on a Monument whilst they are delineating the lines of my face
Very cool, is kinda like Prezi, could be useful for iPad/wkshps (totally in like with the )
Need good book for 8th grade, foster youth in juvenile justice system. He wanted #IfTheseChainsCouldTalk. Can't find it. Suggestions?
smart move
No prettier #valentine could be presented to her than a pair of handsome slippers or walking shoes.
One day I imagine Frances Townsend will just shrivel down to a well-tanned human prune— a skeleton held together by skin.
#Don'tBeScared To Stand Up To A Bully.
conducted via their website and not thru Twitter. I am VERY upset with their decision but it is totally out of my hands.
Complete vehicle detailing services now available at our Sellwood location!
Bad intentions, bad decisions, worse regrets
Congrats! RT : With Dolly as our 150th adoption & several others finalizing now, we've now exceeded our goal!
I just saw the BIGGEST spider I have ever seen in my life. I thought it was a scorpion or some shit at 1st. NOT here for it, Richmond! -___-
Cool beans.
absolutely. Just finished a quick write up. Great news.
Hanging with my sis
Gotta go, as says. Late and I have many rows to hoe. Go ahead. Make something obscene from that statement.
from "No matter how good a musician you are, if you diss other bands, I care about your band less." Can you say #kingsofleon ?
There's a time to think of nobody but yourself; that time is not when you've made a commitment and others are depending on you to follow up.
Never let yesterday use up too much of today.
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset Jerry Angelo, #Bears OLs, #FantasyFootball . . . it is not a short list today.
I should have clarified... TF2= Team Fortress 2
keep emotions in check and apply the pressure. Keep playing for your teammates...smart, hard and have fun boys. Let's go Pens!
The action and acting however was MAGNIFICENT! Black widow, loved. Captain America loved even more. The Avengers.. I recommend seeing
operation Nap;success!Now if someone could kindly tell me the yr & who the president is. Oh and who guitarist of the yr is. That be super ;P
Lol i was asking myself same thing
Bed time then gym then work ... Soon all this working will come to an end and I'll work one job like a normal person .. Well two bc I <U+2764>$
please share if it works out.
wish i still had mine, gave it up for a woman that didnt share my views on the way a motorcycle improves your social life
and despite she extra nice.... If she start catchin feelings im a catch a flight.....
"Forbidden......more like deprived"
I liked what Lon Babby had to say today. Suns won't spend $$ aimlessly, won't be afraid to roll over cap space to next summer.
why do this to me :/ no thank you
thanks! I will text u as soon as I get back:).
Whoa, that's weird. I have the same dream but about a big pile of cash then waking up only to see nothing there.
#HappyMothers day to all the moms that have lost their children.
Yes... Originally Pittsburgh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> RT “: are you from PA originally?”
I think "Visible Margin" is going to be an amazing space -- honored to have it in the #Alt-Academy fold.
Now that's possible. Especially if the family came from PA.
let me know im gonna be there.
Thanks Eduard. Miss you guys, and give Mia a hug for me!
I think LF is to be expected, but Choo needs to step up.
I know! Reminds me if track practice... Grass smell... Rain evaporating off the the track and those dank high jump pits. :-)
Without self motivation, you're clueless.
Tell me your phone number! need to talk
Good luck on the FCAT y'al
Why does Va Tech always get love???
Listening to an informative Q&A with Maxine Waters at
Did you know? Dice have been around since before recorded history. Celebrate national dice day, today.
Lights please.
Excited to see if Nebraska comes to the big ten.
Great minds discuss ideas; Average minds discuss events; Small minds discuss people, thanks to Donna Highfill
yea man
can't wait to rock the Rhythm Music Festival stage at SF State today at 2:30pm! #rhythmmusicfestival!
The winner will be announced tomorrow, on Valentine's Day! Stay tuned...
Good morning!
No ones up and tweeting !
Thanks for showing some love! TGIF!
will do man.
you wrote it on you hand! PROVE IT. Yes, cell service @ comerica is better than usual, proving to be a distraction for me.
80+ degrees today!? What's everyone's summer playlist looking like?
Thks 4 following me back. I tweet back may take a minute but I'll hit u back. Have a good day.(thirsty thursday)
OMG that was a bomb “: Braun w/ another bomb! Number 6”
Fun. playlist!
dude...really? are you a n00b?
Been sleep all day
all you #mothers out there "Happy Mother's Day"!!!
I mean, if I'm being honest, I'm just ready for Jesus to come back already.
Very exciting!
Hi Heather, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
tell Richard pitino hello
Yes, I'm making cups to pee thru like a funnel!
Even though i complanined about higschool alot, i know it has been some of the best times of my life. #blessed EXACTLY
*I'M* the lucky one. You guys make me look god.
Happy Valentine's day...spread the love! Got a date tonight with the two prettiest girls I know, my daughters.
Looking for a fun and relaxing evening activity? Try tonight's 6PM Yoga PJ Party at Bright from the Heart. Details here:...
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance.
i am LMFAO
- Let's do this!
lol so u lookin forward to Friday then huh??
Crossing....crossing...and bored lol hope you win though!
You are moving into Marylee's and you get to paint the room?
Writing fight scenes is like imagining one in your head, playing it in slow motion and rewinding several times.
Done RT : 40 people follow ~~> for a shoutout ! Reply "DONE" !!!!!
So where in the world is home?
People of Illinois: Don't forget to get voting on your schedule tomorrow. (And vote for if you're able!)
Im happy as fuck right about now , dk why
I just used mine at a salon!
got more into the nostys as I got older. now i'd def let him spill paint in my garage
Hi Nico - thanks for the #FF mention. May your palate always be drenched with fine wine!
Cherry limeaids from sonic >
RT : Tribe in Oneida County says environment must out weigh jobs. Active discussion continues.
jonas bros? idk if we could pull that one off!
Your poor husband. RT PMS & waiting to hear if your show got picked up is a dangerous combo
Mine aren't as pretty but close...and I was able to pull pre-made code from some random Blogger Tips site.
Its giving time! Please click the giving tab at the bottom of the screen.
SO agree. Best part of my morning, easily: “: This rules.”
These close #spurs games are tough to watch.
thinking about it
Enjoying my first Prayer Breakfast with local African American faith leaders. The drug war is a war on people of color and must be stopped.
Is getting appliances for her new house!
Heavy sigh. Missing "2001" in 70mm at the Cinerama due to flu. At least some pals are using the tix. But couldn't I be sick NEXT week?
I'm not sure how you can be sure loan forgiveness will solve anything, except cost taxpayers or lenders.
Daddy Gorsk gets me a birthday card, doesn't sign it, just - "Happy Birthday Sarah." LOL & $25 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> I'm so lucky <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
- only if he shoots his TV too
Family Day NYC is only 3 days away & we have Family Four Packs to giveaway.RT with #readeveryday for a chance to win!
I gotta go to sleep! Imma try to get them to more tomorrow! I promise <3 Loveyou!
Ok, goodnight! Have a great Friday! Talk to you soon <33
Have you heard anything about the plans to break the record 4 longest soul train line on MG day?
Thank you to everyone that made it out to the Tiger Club Homecoming Tournament and to everyone who "took on the pros" to support Oxy Golf!
"If you have ideas...there isn't any limit to what you can do....Ideas are any man's greatest asset." ~H.S. Firestone
If that wasn't Draymond Green and MSU, but rather Terrence Jones and UK, it would've been AT LEAST a Flagrant 1, probably a Flagrant 2!
I just filed the last of my final grades and finished a year teaching a 6/6.
I just knew today wasn't gonna go well and I was right.
no open mic?
"protect lil b"
lol! Nah, she's half asleep and I'm trying not to be a weirdo. :)
the online website for tends to be buggy/difficult. Today-didnt work at all. when I called in, store mgr didn't care.
thursday is here -- about to have an egg white omelette (how to spell?) in the spirit of jack lalanne... no doughtnut and cigarette today.
Does Niall Horan have a twitter? -Maria
I'm liking the new Twitter homepage!
I'm over you and your actions
OK, re: Beijing, see my message.
Wow... Fresh celantro smells really good!
Thanks! Now to find the time to do it more often. *sigh*
Oh you nasty.
Don't forget to pick up your yellow coupon books at any participating store, and start saving today!
Freely you have received, freely give.
is deadly serious about live-tweeting #SOTU. Just read a minute by minute account. Who needs tv?
how much chuck could a wood chuck chuck?
Reading Game of Thrones on this
Mission tonight at 7! Humans at the CWells clock tower, Zombies at the bio lecture hall. Let's finish the day off well!
Niggas a pull put a band but gotta to spend 800 of that on product just to make it thru the next 2 weeks
Major Payne>>>
i'm not that awesome ;) hahaha
You are reckless.
Netball, Billiards, and Paintball were added to our sports list. If you have any new #recsports requests, just let us know!
I don't even know what McGill is talking about anymore
I can't help but be intimidated by the crowd in the student lounge before school..... no racism intended
Pour some sugar on me. C'mon, fire me up.
What? I can't tweet my pitch? Damn.
YOU KNOW WE'RE GOING TO BE ON #RHOA TONIGHT, RIGHT?? HOT PINK CUPCAKE BATH BOMBS (formerly as Danae's Creations).
Thank you my friend! I did. It was wonderful. Hope you had a very happy Thanksgiving as well!! Blessings
feel like writing
But I hate it when I'm out tryna do something
Aw, shucks. It came about because I was trying to suss out my own feelings about disciplinary defs, and realized +
Can't read a paper at 3am.. realizing its upside down... derp.. I'm a blonde..
Guess I jumped to conclusions
And for that matter retweet, post and share?
If they're shooting at you, you must be doing something right.
Love when a researcher asks for the impossible and less than an hour later, without trying, the impossible has been found!
follow me? Pleasee.
Baby daddy left me got another bitch , ain't workout now he want a second chance
Can't wait to go home & kick it w/ ; about to be a good day & gonna smoke some #Weed #yeahbuddy lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Haha you're officially awesome:)
I will diminish, and go into the West...where the cost of living is like, way cheaper.
LOL! They'd eat him alive up there. Only a mug would take that job right now. Expectations far outweigh the talent guv'ner.
Wants M&Ms really bad!
absolutely! Enjoyed the meeting and Miss Jones Looking forward to the events.
The #Patio is open! #People watching and our Lavish #Breakfast Buffet!
“I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it.” <U+2015> Maya Angelou
I wish I could be more optimistic that there would be one...
Come on Yovani. You have to be able to beat these guys too.
Motto: "We believe handmade tchotchkes are life inspiring"
M god lol RT : i love my thighs...esp wen someone has their face between them
Don't worry about it. If they never tweeted then you probably aren't missing out on anything.
Thanks Marina. It's good to be back. I think this one's going to be really good.
I'm sadded that you are playing in new Orleans tonight and you haven't told me in advance. What gives?
Thanks for sharing the new link! Let us know how the event goes.
M, do you make most of the stuff you tweet?
Nice to meet you. Where are you from?
& she kissed him!!!! U BITCH-in my hating voice
Just saw it! Its better than I imagined! Great dialog too and of course, Scarlett Johansson is breathtaking! Enjoy =)
Attending the Online ROI Summit by TechTarget about online convergence and technology. Expect marketing tweets today!
What's more important than the hour or so at the gym? The other 23 hours! What u eat, how u sleep, stress...keep it all in check!
.180 avg in A doesn't get him Bronx love, guess he wants to be a catcher's version of Strawberry & booze out
my wife is pregnant and has a dumb boss--she's stuck because of insurance. i hate being stuck and dumb bosses. not clever, just true
Why has no one purchased Iggy Pop a shirt yet?
Thanks for the RT! :) My first book so I appreciate all of the support tremendously.
lol..don't consider myself one of those. Just trying to serve. Congrats on Howard !! Have some great Frat brothers there
Wow! I'm still looking for hotel to sty during our trip to KL.Few days left & i still hvn't found any suitable hotel for us! recommand pls?
I just wanna love and treat you R I G H T T <3
FYI and are singing show tunes in the newsroom. That is all.
You have to love Twitter and the 140 character limit- it really forces people to get to the point.
you rocked worship at staff meeting Tuesday!
OMG IS COMING TO CULTURE BOX IN COPENHAGEN IN TWO DAYS AND IT'S SOLD OUT! FUUUUUCCKKKKKKKFEFJEOFNEFSNUIFNEUINCESU#$#!@&$(Y
Fine psquare! I like that better
Your Aunt needs to hear from you Hmu very soon:-)
Registration for GRCH, scheduled from Aug 9-13 on the campus of the UofH w/ a live showcase scheduled on Aug 15 @ a venue TBA, is NOW OPEN.
Come by tomorrow for Serenity Sunday, 10% off all concentrate donations. See you then!
FFX Co Pkwy, you may be officially SR 286, but I'm still gonna refer to you as 7100N/S.
#Toyota emotional appeal =
Today is ! And can we just say how much we love this crazy, quirky and beautiful town?
Started listening to Enrique instead. Thompson Square makes me too lovey dovey
We're not sleepy at all -_- thats what sux
All these classless fans need to go back to where they belong rooting for the lions and vikings
if Diaz loses, u have to make Diaz vs Koz. Easy $$$$. Dont let the people down. We will meet soon my friend.
My mom is telling everyone embarrassing stories about me when I was a baby. Slythering away now.
How do you defend a zombie invasion? Any ideas?
…See Orwell's Law: "Break any of these rules sooner than say anything outright barbarous."
Happy Birthday , Have a wonderful day with the persons you love and have fun !! :D
Happy Sunday!!
Going hotel hopping
Standing O for Craig Counsell & base hit. Nice.
I feel so good when I know I don't have homework when I go to school.
I'm miserable, at best. I miss you.
Did any of my philly area friends get a fun email from jambase today?
How was the show? #Fuerza Bruta
I never gave an #update. Got the script reading
Drinking in the weirdest beach house. Stealing beer. I think so!
bruh....this nigga got like 8 singles and they all get STUPID spins in atl
I am tired of people always asking what they can do to help and they catching an attitude because they have to help.
Second person POV in a query? o.O
LOL sleep tight and no hangover tomorrow AM out of you, lol.
Seek God first
I don't hate anybody <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
See my last tweet. Perfect score by Shaun White. Sick.
??? RT : Get an update on terrorist powder at iowa capitol
please follow me <3 :)
Americans prefer meat toppings to veggie toppings by a ratio of 62 to 100.
John if this is really you i just want l just want to let you know that you are really sweet and kind also !!
Buying the new maps this weekend but I don't have elite
. Great talking with you today. Always a pleasure. See you here in LA soon!
“: and what that mean, church girls be some of the freakiest hoes lmao” my brother is a virgin jst like u. No hoes!!!
Want to you know how much money you stand to make after college? Ask me!!! I can give you tools and tips to gauge your financial future.
Nice! Small world. And I love Nate.
#askcampbell do you own a boomerang?
The essence of love involves the presence of risk, the possibility of failure & the need for vulnerability.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms...enjoy your day!!
Bryce Harper hits the scoreboard for the second time in this game, now 3 for 4 for the night.
Always something to do. Not all of it has to get done.
Send me your electronic Press Kit to with your contact info. Cheers!
Beatrice and Heather like Richard Kern's definition of literacy. It's too long to tweet, which is either a comment on academia or Twitter...
Glad I come home and I get no texts from anyone. Like that's real fuckin cool
What's your favorite song right this very second?
$2.50 Sausage Wraps now till 7pm at the Sugar Shack on 24th and San Antonio St!
did vinny quite the show??
The #Pirates bats is still in Spring training so far
Saw u in Vegas a few years ago, froze up and didn't even say hello. So, "hello"! #happyholidays sarahsilverman
I haven't been tweeting lately
Noo. Not yet, but the weekend after this next one, I'm going over to the neighborhood that he lives in to meet him. c:
I dediced to drinnk this soda can today because I don't know if I will be still alive tomorrow !
Congrats! : Myla Skinner is named the Young Nonprofit of the Year! Congrats to Myla and her family. What a wonderful person....
Yup. Still waiting after an hour. Not sure what to do. did Active just die on you too while processing credit card?
Stayed up til 1:30 EST watching that game, totally worth it! If PHX loses our game on Sat is for the division.
Was most underrated moment in O's collapse,in June when Mark Conner took his marbles and went home? Adair is deserving of full-time gig
not new in my book. Established franchise, open over 30 days and over 18 minutes in line to ask a question. I was NEXT.
I dont care how sexy your ad is, buying that Fiat is grounds to have your man card revoked, mo questions asked.
Our Mr. Gasket Yellow and Green Powder coated Stainless Steel Radiator and Heater Hoses for only $5.00 each is almost gone.
I just finished a 3.49 mi run with a pace of 8'43"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
Just when I thought the bookstore in the Virgin terminal couldnt get any more awesome, they start busting out Mr Mister.
costco membership renewed online, sweet!
#mubb on the primetime stage tonight let's go
Don't let the sousaphone player rap. Ever. #life lessons
They were great.
yeah!!! Oh an you mean the lead you stole..never gave back..and lost! OH YEAH SCREW YOU
GOoD Morning!<U+2665> Its MondAY !
bring your workout gear and swimwear! I'm done with Facebook. I heart Twitter
Changed My name from to
well damn
About to lay down since I have a whole another 20 minutes before i leave
Lmfao.... It's been like forever!
WRIT .012s GOING!
Talent is God-given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful....
#Lakers say no. No guarantee Deron commits to them, plus Bynum playing best ball of his career.
Gearing up for the Media Preview ! Tune into and for a glimpse at the park before we open this Saturday!
Can't wait to write something up on the great work by students in #TRMA585 online identity #socialmedia course -I'm loving their finals
Performing tonight @ Djangofest NW in Whitbey Island, WA w/Hot Club of Hulaville. Party tonight Django Style
"All these fairy tales are full of sh**.. One more f*ckin love song, I'll be sick" -Maroon 5
Working on re-designing my website today using my favorite platform WordPress. I'll finally be able to blog & upload my art faster.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police
I like ... Well, more like LOVE ;)<33
Nice! A quality idea for future outing!
Haha fair enough RT : okay I'm being dramatic. I'm not dying but literally every muscle is sore. Just let me be!
It's okay to eat fish because they don't have any feelings. - Kurt Cobain
people can be so mean... bitches.
Tina: wonderful webinar today on the Whole Brain Child...very useful examples of working with kids and parents! Therese'
New blog posting, Type 2 Diabetes - Why One Diet Does Not Fit All - Error
I love you patty ! <3
What's the point in fixing our beds in the morning when were just gonna come home from school and nap?
not as awesome as the end of March, eh?
Sunday's are so boring
Every now and then I get a little bit lonely and you're never coming round #totaleclipseoftheheart <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
ey guh dont ever forget you'll always be apart of one of my closest group of friends. I'll always miss you and every1 else!
Lunch with a friend now to workout and make dinner
Wow Carl Anthony Payne (Cole from Martin) was the one who tricked Tasha... lol wow
I could really use a nice blunt right now... Who wants to fire your boy up !?
S/O to all the girls on my TL that have been or are going to hit the gym today!
Re-electing #Obama is worth it if only to keep Uncle Joe as Veep. !
hahahahahah DONK! he's drinking Foster's!
RT : Were closing out our #SmallBizUchat w Thx for participating -back next Wednesday!
productive day at work... now class... then LOST
#NP Jack White - Love Interruption
NOW NO SWIMS ON MON
positive vibrations
good morning dawg!!!
Wow, I made it this far into the day on only one cup of coffee...miracles do happen!
RT “: *Exits Twitter, closes laptop, crawls into bed, unlocks phone, gets back on Twitter*”
Art + Magician = Artician - now you know how to pronounce Artician. Magical :)
The awkward moment when wikipedia has copied your homework.
Anyone remember when Tom Gugliotta got his barbed wire bicep tattoo? #Bullets? #Timberwolves? #Suns?
maybe he isn't gay. he's heavily flirting with some random girl. but the guy beside him looks spree annoyed / possessive. lol.
Feeling very blessed to be in an Academy Award nominated film...hope we can take one home tonight!
If you ain’t bout them peace signs I don’t fuck witcha
Aw my boo boo :( ur gonna have to get to the doctor ASAP
I totally agree! I can't believe we have to wait til September for it to be back :/
Today is so boring!!!! -____-
this is getting a retweet
Actually, I wrote it! Thanks for linking :)
Thanks for sharing the article. Happy Nurses Week!
I hear, I forget, I see, I remember, I do, I understand!
Jerome Simpson&Perrish Cox prove yet again that U can take some1 out of the hood but U can't take the hood out of some1
S/o to What up with cha?
Thank you
Can someone with the flu cough in my mouth? I've got like 60 hours of sick time that I need to use.
Aw that's too sweet. Well my dog is adorable. :)
#ThingsIDislike the fact that we aren't together anymore..:/ #IStillLoveYou!
The refs want the 49ers to win giants is getting played
Lisa, just checking if you were able to place your order without too much of a hitch?
haha I totally just heard your voice in my head say that with that face you do haha. And noo way;P
yea cant wait for us to all hang out at the cookies again lol! okies doll i'll ttyl, Felton Hunnies for life :) : )
Cool use of twitter in the classroom: have students tweet as the characters from the novel they're reading
I just love how musical the holiday season is. :-} Oh yes, I do.
agh she didnt accept my request
Football has nothing to do with basketball, so it's not the same. Football has about 1/4 of the schedule. Every game means more
"..people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel." -maya angelou
and business leaders realize that we too have to do something. We can’t wait for Washington.
Dear I like you, I really do. But you just can't keep up with my heavy tab usage.
congrats on another pro bowl. I will always remember u as a member of "the peyton manning experience", great commercial.
Click on a YouTube video and a 15 sec add comes on and u think "well I did really need to see it"
follow back that would be like a dream come true
And not so easy either! RT : Juggling is fun.
It amazes me how many people take photos of ppt slides.
I WILL be getting coffee
Thanks for supporting the arts with all of the re-tweets!
yes, please!
Why do so many filmmakers paint the future as bleak? Come discuss at New Frontier on Thurs at noon. Free panel.
I don't want you to feel like you're the only girl in the world, I want you to feel there are plenty of girls, & you're the only one I want.
We couldn't agree more!
thanks 4 the follow
great game
I'm just gonna casually take random quizzes and post my results.... o.o
Are you seriously on twitter bro? Your profile is creepy! LOL
be careful driving!
back at ya
I dnt smk mid i dont like the taste
No more talking guest mix <3
So excited for Island Divine event tomorrow!
“Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not.” ~ Dr. Seuss
Happy Birthday your Shaqness! Dana White should let you fight in the UFC for your birthday!
Mammi water...powerless power.
why do i feel like rondo earns cheap triple doubles?
In MBA, the core topics you'll encounter include:Accounting,Quantitative analysis,Economics,Marketing & Organizational Behavior
Thanks to , I am in the Virgin Gaming NBA 2K12 Finals. LeBron, are you ready for a championship season?
I just got a track pad, so I have to start thinking about upgrading :)
... Supports them. Great START Tiger.
Dear Lord, if you can't make me SKINNY, please make my friends FAT!
We're recording a slew of Jean Gabin movies today from Turner Classic Movies, including a handful we haven't seen. Nice going, TCM!
Expired SSL certificate on my third-party application software sure does make it difficult to do my job.
sidetracked on the net again
Here come the Amy Senser / Twins should hire her to hit and run jokes.
. I can understand why the tutorials are fun...they're awesome!
So sad lax season is over
(...) But as somebody who was one of the earliest net neutrality supporters in the House, I also want to stay true to those traditions
good lord I agree! but! my mom made out OK, so...
Early Morning s/o 2 th North American A Basketball Lg. Western Conference Commissioner/Administrator I hear the sound
I agree! I'm sure she's an emotional rollercoaster at this moment!
You don't know who it's about? So your tweet was false.
WHO IS TAKING ME TO SCHOOL<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I'm at the game, sir.
Ugh i hate that i keep loosing weight
keep up the good work!
Thanks for the retweet!
Mine to :) RT : My favorite colors are green and white
staying home from school.apparentlly medicine doesntdo anything for the sniffles
The time when all your blood, sweat, tears, and energy used amounts to nothing. All your work is for naught.
First it's the flick, flick, flicker of crinkling plastic bags, and now a problem with the Lexus, nice on the quiet car-
We are having a great time at oktoberfest come visit our booth its a PARTY at DealShow
Happy Easter Monday to all celebrating! We hope you had a great weekend; now send us your #fiction!
Ah shoot, first day of the month=bills are due <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> <<<<
Still no sleep :)
I hate ppl at the grocery store that can't use self checkout
thanks! I love the solstice!
Did you know the Silver Spoon Award Party features 30 of #CLE's best restaurants & 8 international wineries? YUM.
Hell yeah, thanks! It really is a fantastic LP. You guys have done no wrong yet in 2012, far as I'm concerned.
BTW, David, I mean to email you every single day--I think I promised you a piece for the blog about 6 months ago!
u need knee pads that's one of your carrier requirements
It's All About the Panthers
Why must I feel like that! Why must I chase the cat!?
"What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?" Robert H. Schuller
Arbelogy provides amazing print & pattern inspiration! Check it out !
So like right now is like somewhere in Albuquerque :D
In which, he has been killing me lately!
2012 Advanced Seminar is full with a waiting list. Professors van Pelt, Browning, Kassow, and Dwork are presenting.
ppl who have 1 Cor "Love is...." read at their weddings ... off my favorite people list
That's Todd! See you soon!!
just hang on! You'll make it to SEATAC one way or another. (a tweet of #support for stranded airport traveling)
who are you and why are you talking to me. you go to dohs.
LET'S GO MAVS!!!
Do you know one city that solved it's traffic problems by building more roads?
Sorting out a very busy schedule for the week.
Still up can't sleep!!!!!! :/ #EpicNight lol
wishing i was all decked in snow gear and sledding in my back yard
Gotta Love School:) NOT! Ps: Love Ya
& good point. How do you not register high in everything? All yr twitter rambles? It's like klouchebag ain't even listening 2U.
Thanks for following me back man! Ill be watching for you during the draft
#Onewaytopissmeoff to fucking talk shit about my family Don't EVER do that >:(
I wonder what I would do if I had multiple kids at age 21...hm enter the #NFLdraft ?
Surprised & pleased 2 c Annie Philbin of on a commercial for UCLA last nite. Not often u c a museum dir. on TV like that.
<3 The Avalanches
RT America's most popular sports personality according to Reuters/Ipsos poll is Peyton Manning. As popular as Paul McCartney.
FOLLOW ME
congrats Jess, IMDB will be lucky to have you.
sounds like Denver
+ holiday party = fun RT : Enjoyed celebrating 5th anniversary of Andres with
So I'm taking there isn't much out there as far as #ux certifications?
It's for our upcoming podcast series with
how the baby doing I hope he sleeping though the night god bless you and your husband and the baby wish you well I love you
Mr. M. Shadows in a new interview: "We're going to be doing something that no other band has ever done. The fans will be very happy." :o
Go North Park!! on KUSI this morning; check www.sdhg.us website for replay
Humpday Happy Hour! $3 rail drinks, select draft beers, house wines til 7pm!
There's so many things I want people to buy me without asking, is that normal?
thank you SO much! im glad you like it, were working really hard on recording and getting a new song out on myspace!
Headed to YC this weekend. Snow supposed to be great. You going to be there?
It's cool to be a part of "generation-Y" sounds like a scientific social project.
i'll will talk to you ! but i have to go see my sister i'll tweet you soon
So Intel ($INTL) owns 2 million shares of $SYNC, huh?
Gee in the desolation row vid.. <3
I hear someone is messin' with my Vegas trip?
Delicious! RT : fact: Randy Sprecher began brewing Black Bavarian 41 years ago, back when he was a homebrewer.
I hear you. Want to go next year. But I may have to stop buying dolls to afford it! XD
i was on one Today tho ...
“: When Rick Perry talks during movies, the movie pauses to let him finish what he is saying”
u are off your rocker josh. You'll never see a story like Lin for as long as you live. Enjoy the moment
in town? Check out Camera Corner / Connecting Point on Main and Munroe. Ask for Rick Chernick he's the owner
So I heard Lakers are moving out of L.A. by 2012....lol....Global Warming...There will be no LA...hail Idaho Lakers....year
Hi Terry. How's publishing life?
Isn't the fight Mayweather/ Ortis fight this weekend? Who is your pick? Mine is Mayweather.
thank you Travis! I look forward to future queer conversation.
that's awesome, my friend works there. Really enjoyed your iu coverage! Good luck.
*yawn*... what-EVER! Don't worry tho, knew y'all were afraid you couldn't keep pace... #Lightweights *yawn*
I be dropping threes like its nothing lmao
had to bring up my boy....that hit me hard man. Pelzer is hilarious
This tweet is feeling forced
I can't stand when people sub tweet their ex. And the person they're talking to now. Get over it. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Trying to explain post-soul aesthetics to my students re: White Boy Shuffle & Caucasia. Harder than I thought. "reading for plot" prob
Lost your white Signa notepad at the #dlfforum? We have it at the registration desk!
If I could sing every moment of every day I would. That's just how much I love to sing.
The sun is shinning....the weather is sweet....
Hooray for car artistry! RT It's #artcarball day!
where are you located?
I know! I be been doin great! How bout u sis??
Getting ready for tonight ^_____^
Back at it after a long day of Valentine's Day Slugger Grams yesterday, thanks to all those who let me spread the love!
Watched Little Red Riding Hood tonight. It may be one of the few movies I like better than the book.
Royce got a good bf she betta keep him he is so sexy lol!
Fun story, Pacer connection (Knechtion!). I might be able air it again at 11 p.m. on KOIN Local 6.
Will you be listening to Ozzie presser?
Ice Cream for some people tastes better after it sits out for awhile. Don't wait anymore, just put it in the micro for abt 10-15 secs.. m.
I ordered the parts today. Our CC got compromised so I has to wait till new ones came in the mail.
IGNORANCE must be bliss. Actually, I was born in Africa and was named after my father's mother of the Temne Tribe, Idiot!
It's going to be a good day.
Happy Friday and National Wear Red Day! Are you rocking red today?
Haha! It ruins my life lol! I was being random when I said all that cause I was really Mad... Haha No bragging intended haha
Hey there, (h_healthy), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
haha thanks man... ill be there regardless though. Might have to have a trash can by my side haha
Man...life is so precious...truly be thankful for each and everyday God gives you...seriously
When I first got my Kindle Fire, I liked it. Now that I've hacked it (added Google Apps and ) I absolutely love it.
Thanks for the shout out Paul. Hornedon - happy to help out, just let me know whats up
OH: Why don't you escort him to the touchdown area?!
Is getting some much needed r & r with the hubby. Right here in ATL. Gotta love staycations this hotel is the bomb.
i don't know. i just remember how much impact zen garden had on designers when trying to get them to learn table-less design.
Yeah, no pushups yet
#HappyBirthdayMadison!!<3 lets get this trend going(:
I'm too busy for blog posts! *sob*
well, I'm sure they have your size:)
If #Lugar knew he was going to lose he should have started talking like this at dusk of his campaign
you know what. i should quit complaining about my weight and actually do something about it! ....starting... not now. i'm too busy eating.
just testing!!
like I have it wassup
not yet :)
even all the way out in the dub c?
RT Hey Mitch, your party doesn't want to "repair" the safety net. It wants to completely replace it with something else.
Are you guys at the game right now?
Just had to turn down and audition for the HBO show Hung because I'll be on set for The Big Bang tomorrow! DANG! When it rains it pours.
Yeah, I can't find the "pause" button on my google calendar. Time flies. :(
So many hot guys on twitter... So many ugly jerks in my reality.
oh no! Okay next time. Yup - best teams are now connected!
entrepreneurs of Allen are meeting at TopGolf Saturday at 8pm if interested DM me.
first day at work :)
#FF : #Gratitude is powerful!
I was tempted. She's way too good and I'd seem like a big jerk mocking her.
O's lead the majors with 53 home runs
Sitting in the doctor's office trying to breathe as little as possible.
who is signing new artist rapper inquiry landlord follows
Yeah........1 person said i shuld go blonde 3 said o should stay the eay i am now i said black and 1 person said hights
veryy... n aye i went ahead n put tht B on dumb for u lol
not necessarily ;)
It's National Teacher Day! Make sure you thank all of the amazing teachers in your life!
Ah, I don't wanna go to school! I never did my homework. :p
I love hangin with my pops. He always makes me feel better
What does this Supermoon mean?!?! My Chanel watch stopped working! I don't even think it has a battery! Its magnetic...
A Beastie Boys' marathon is being played by millions right now, including me.
Wonder why Dallas has a poor live music scene? How about #poordavidspub with $4.50 beers.
Excited for lunch with and an enormous steak salad!
Crap... now I have to "limit" my tweets to make it 1800 on Friday...
This season went way too fast!
GT Events is looking for talented in-store demonstrators in Arkansas and Missouri. Please DM your contact info to us ASAP!
I'm going with that one too!!
just got kicked out of the Zoo! How was I supposed to know that real hippos don't actually eat marbles?
I am choosing cloth for my next because my first had so many allergies to the chemicals in the diapers.
So now I gotta thing FA dreads <U+E402>
That ackward moment when me and a old lady realize that I am (male) dancing to supermarket playing Single Ladies
good luck!
no! This is so bad.
Studying up a storm.
Well look who likes to lie...
S/O To You For Following Me . By The Way Your Beautiful
get to steppin what are you gonna get
Ivy Carter was famous before she was born interesting
what the heck?!? :O
The world needs dreamers & the world needs doers. But, above all, the world needs dreamers who do.
why not
Today come by and welcome the new bartender, Dont forget happy hour 3-7 $1 domestic mugs and $3 Well drinks.
hey there I'm just getting home took me two hours. U lucky u work from home
Aye this is kinda random but are you going to the
Did you know that when you type the letter "F" into Amazon's search box, a terrifying thing happens?
stfu what is two stepping? I def wasn't!!
wrong holiday, bro
"STUPIDITY IS NOT A HANDICAP. Park elsewhere!"
blue is a mockery to all musicians everywhere.... I'm blue da ba dee da boo da... Seriously?!?
Congrats to fighter with a bright future!
Thanks to for the follow! Using text messages is a great way to remind clients of their appointments. 4 info 918-271-0062
your music is so good! i love the cello and the laughter in the right kind of dark.
ya same
-March 2 10am-3:30pm for another GREAT Estate Sale in Albuquerque!!!
Pandora do GTFO trying to diss Obama!
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
Fuck being 16 & pregnant, how about being 18 and graduating.
Homeward bound after a successful week, lucky to work with so many awesome people - I'm looking at you!
uh, I STILL haven't (about two-thirds done). And I've been too lazy to even look it up, too, ha!
You can get happiness from many things in the world, but real peace comes from God and God alone
happy bday boo
Many of these lessons are contradicted and opposed by institutions and government.
bord out of my mind
Thanks for following!
Back in Barcelona, thinking about Bruce Arkin. RIP Bruce.
Beware of geeks bearing GIFs!
What is going on this weekend for everyone?
how come i can't retweet this?
I just looked at this nigga Oscar Robertsons stats, why in the fuck is he not considered the greatest player ever
ESPN3 is being lame thanks to some balky internet 'round here. Thankfully, Twitter is telling me a (good) story thus far.
Kid Cudi has no genre, he's just Kid Cudi.
Pirates-Tigers also a sellout in Pittsburgh
Drove Jose all over today for a change :') PRO!
I'm writing a piece about patients' rights, and would be delighted to receive thoughts from you.
FOX 12 the first local news station, again, to call the Portland Mayoral Race.
the hot chick is on<3333
sometimes you just have to disengage. Hugs Snitch!
It going off at Brush Creek right now! Dance partay!
newsletter says will have on to discuss TV news' lack of coverage on PROTECT IP Act.
Fela! finally comes to Boston in all its kinetic power, political perspective and glory. See it! Feel it! Nigeria- na wa oh.
#Simpsons #treehouseofhorror had its moments. My favorite: vampire dad drives a Prius. Of course he would drive a Prius
I have a student interested in whales and environment. looking for a project to get involved with. any help?
“: I NEED YOU IN A NEW MOVIE ASAP!!<U+E337>” I second this motion.
forreal tho.. its the best song/beat ever made. ever. seriously.
justin bieber is flawless. idc what you say.
Thank all yaul were fine
My bad. Read way too fast. It was George "Goober" LIndsey, not Andy. Shout out to and
About to board a plane for another domestic Love Crunch delivery, this time in Las Vegas!
Got another 2 dollar bill as a tip. If I'm ever unemployed I can always fall back on my stash of 2 dollar bills. Prob got at least 20 bucks
how you feelin man, cant wait to see u back on the court next season. feel better soon bro
So let me get this straight. The whole season comes down to this afternoon's game? Awesome! Can't wait to watch with my boy!
Love this: Using tech to put us back in our bodies, enhance contemplation #mw2012 keynote
#FF #FollowFriday Follow these awesome ppl!
At a certain age you either get older or you get younger.If you get younger,you venture out & take risks.Robert Strozier. Start now- Mendell
Tbh, I really didn't do my hair. At all.
I <3 the midday classic MythBusters. Happy lunches! You guys rule. It's worth the super cable package :)
If the person sitting next to you is an obnoxious asshole just keep coughing on them. Totally gratifying.
that is amazing!!!
Terry tweets?!? Where's my follow? Haha go Yankees!
R.I.P to the little 5th grader who died in the brook for drowning today! :( God will take very good care of u!
Want to be involved in a production either in front of the camera or behind the camera. Let us know because we'd love to get you involved.
Awesome! Thanks for letting me know!
Almost to 1,600! Help us out and get that last 10 to get us there?!(:
It is not difficult to be grateful to God when you realize you are worthy of nothing and what you do have is by God's grace.
Downloaded too many apps and now I can't find the one I want.
Haters fuel me
Make sure you don't miss 'The Jungle' folks! Really great, interesting film.
says thank you and she loves you!
People suck and can be real jerks sometimes.
Nepal Unprepared for Tourism Boom
I can work on my novel, or I can clean house and get my life back in order. Just typing that made me think, "get a voice recorder."
love your head shot!!!
Honda Guy: Let me see that book. Is it a dictionary? Me: No. It's a computer in disguise. Honda Guy: You think you're slick. Me: I am slick
Good luck at your game today!!!
Never hurt da one u love because karma is a bitch!!...n her name is redbeauty.....I can be ur sweetest dream or ur worst nitemare....<3
january 25th...u wanna throw her a baby shower? Lol I was suppose to but I have seriously dropped that ball lol
<------ Fina Get WhiteBoy Wasted!
THANK YOU for retweeting! Will let you know if I get any leads...
On their way to 1000! Follow ----> nowww
today we had this like meeting thing at school & they had all the 8th grade girls pulled out of class for it. it was only about one person!
Hey what happened last night between you and ?
those dudes rule
Psych-out album of the new millennium available at www.nasoni-records.com for a taste listen to tracks at www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
yeah I remember being like "Hi. This is Star's mom. We found her dead in the computer chair." LOLOLOLOL
Is this Hardware Growler telling you that? It tells me about random devices/volumes (dis)connecting. I think it's a known bug.
No feelings no problems
Excited that the NBA is getting back into the swing of things. Checking out this outdoor game between the Mavs and Suns.
yay! RT : go ! RT : Rice's grad school of business ranked in US top ten by USNWR.
aye y'all finally home :D
This Monica goes!
l never watch tv anymore.
Pandora Life Synergy #2,347: it gives me The Pixies' "Where is My Mind?"
Dogzy Collars is setting up at the Pet Parade on Third Street South. Event starts at Noon. Naples, FL friends come visit us.
Awesome RT : RT : i can't wrap my head around why people think we all want to leave
Q1) metaphors are like spoken pictures. And a picture says 1000 words.
the future! I liked it.
I get paid today
she is so pretty. I haven't seen her today I'm in Nashville. It is driving me insane not seeing her!
My back hurts and I'm exhausted...but I wouldn't change a thing about the weekend!
do u watch it on ur iPad?
maybe because DC is preparing for my return at the end of the month. :+l
I'm cleaning out my filing cabinet- check it - Our Rinse and URB magazine reviews & label promos from Type-New!! Haha!
deleting out of FB feels pretty good! On with the new!!! Loving this new chapter!
Made cookies with oreos in the middle :)
Nicki Minaj be #DoinTooMuch. She beautiful just looking normal and regular
Maybe I'll go to Readercon this year.
Sometimes I'm stupid 4 what I does but the "what ifs" kill me & the "oh wells" I learn from & maybe the what ifs lead me to my treasure
Hey! it's been a while since I said hi.
Great q posed during webinar: "How do you make sure that you are hearing from the entire community and not just the loudest voices?"
Thanks! Off to investigate now.
Facebook is on sale..
Yooooo! New music videos invading your set very shortly. Stay tuned!
Dats y I stay sleep so dnt get mad If u Call n get da ignore button pressed
Women LOVE bathtubs
Campus Rec hopes everyone had a wonderful holiday season! What is everyone's new years resolution?
I miss playing loud geetar. Thank goodness we have some gigs this weekend.
aww thank you(: you just made my night :D
nothing like a 60-degree December night B-)
Fashion, Fashion, Fashion. -A
Questions about how Total Exhibit Solutions can help your brand? Email me:
Miss you guys too! Go Tribe
Follow me !
If you'd like to do that, it would be much appreciated.
Girl, when are we gonna glitt-ify Minneapolis together!?
The #Blazers will practice tomorrow at PCC Cascade Noon-2pm. Open to the public.
yeah Jovi I love at the airport. Makes sense
nouriel posts a lot does he really have a job
Teaching Power Blackboarding today at 1pm CT 106 at Bb can be awesome if you know the right tricks.
does Justin still care about jazzy...
keep making that treal music mmg
Monty Python Mosquito Hunting
i dont hate you cause youre annoying. youre ann-......actually no. i do hate you cause youre annoying.
Tell more People about !!
It's almost sad how fast I would leave my beloved Dropbox for Google drive, simply based on POSSIBLE Google App integration.
Montclair NJ. Go on their website! :')
Sold out. It's a best seller.
Bored o_O #NP take a bow -rihanna
I have work tomorrow at 10am-5 damn idk how I am going to be awake for those hours lol.
I love him and rikki lake :)
better get that lead back right now!
I can't wait to meet you for #Turbokick training on Feb 4th ! Made my day to get your email!
Woah; the crowd is gathering! Plenary session is about to start up on the 11th floor at
With O'Brien in fold and Ohio State banned, it will be (and should be) Big Ten Championship Game or bust for #Badgers in 2012.
Come to Cali and meet your biggest fan!!(: That's me!!<3
Yeah I'm hoping to make it out to the east coast later this year. Will be sure to let you know when!
Thanks for your support! Fair use is an author's right as much as (if not more than) anyone's. The Guild doesn't seem to get it.
If this world were mine-Luther Vandross :)
HUNT HUNT HUNT and don't stop Hunting TIL you got em hanging on your Wall !!
I don't even want to talk about it! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> : It's killing me to not be with you two during these intros!
cool possible song title: bonus rabbit-butt
Who's going to Jazz Fest on Saturday April 28th?
Reading blog. It's nice to know I'm not the only one out there that feels a certain way.
Seeking sales leaders in #Connecticut #NYC #Philadelphia - software sales or selling to HR preferred. resumes -
Hyfr RT : Hm should i go out?
Why is Chris Duhon still in the NBA?
MPD Chief Noble Wray said #badgers RB Montee Ball was "very cooperative." trespassing fine is $429
sharks have a week dedicated to chuck Norris
Man, I ain't high! I don't feel shit! (5min later) I told you I ain't high! I don't feel shit! (5min later) *snoring* smh
Love the cheese whips! I'll have to try that... Maybe right now :)
apparently the fates of last week have not quite let go of me. If only giving up made any sense whatsoever. Time to keep going.
Has anyone found a case for the 4th gen iPod Shuffle?
for a costume institute it makes perfect sense.
it's about bloody time we had an epic sunday roast in 3m...#MoistMakerLeftOvers for a tipsy
uhh, Mikey, i just wanted to Know when our Wedding is??
RT Does anyone have a quick and easy at-home remedy for man boobs?
I <3 beanies
curious...ur PLA slides used my library's pinterest pg that I have started - was that positive or slam? Wondern how we're doing
Good Morning Friends Hope you all have a great and productive Monday!
let me know when u there I have season tiks and can get extras
Long month of work, music, weddings, and travel ahead.
I'm at Shamrock Marine
aaaawww LOVE this!! But never am I crunchy lol
distributed 118 Thanksgiving Baskets to neighbors today with all the fixings for a fabulous Thanksgiving meals.
When I Get A New Job My Manager Will Be The First To Know That "I QUIT BITCH"!!
Going to sleeeppppppppp. :)
wait are you serious? Bc I kind of am...
the flavor rush is prolly only second to the first 5 seconds of fruit stripe gum or big league chew grape
Vince Young to address the media today around 1 p.m. Will it be a press conference? Will the AFC East have *two* back up QB pressers?
Thanks for spending time with us! Enjoy your week...
Looking forward to not only meeting some new Euro friends, but maybe talking some Rugby and business...
grim sleeper
I may have to use that as my new catchphrase!
Thinking positive
Celebs should support Streetcar Named Desire! Excellent cast
While waiting for 10GB of iTunes library to transfer to the new MBA, I popped open iPhoto and... all my photos were already there. Magic!
If alcohol is part of your diet, you sabotage your efforts with every drink. Eat clean. Drink clean. Try water.
Almost got taken out via a prius tonight on my motorcycle. How funny would that have been?
Teacher/Bully: How My Son Was Humiliated and Tormented by his Teacher an...: via
YOU DO?!?! I didn't know a writing group met at our church. Hope to meet you too--and hear about the group!
Where do Gale and Katniss sell the game they kill?
lots of sunshine today, right thru #Brewers opening day. Roof will be closed though with temps near 50° Just got the word from
before school?
At some point you have to realize that some people can stay in your heart, but not in your life...
If you're accommodating for a celtics larry bird to attend your ...
Golfing at Crooked Stick
Be as you wish to seem
good point. watching a boring lecture via video worse than in person
Dogs stop smelling My pants wtf
I don't have a strong feeling about the color, tho I tend to like to mix things up. Players in blue at risk of disappearing!
": heading home after a GREAT court run w| my team #LoveThem :D" keep working #LadySaints! I'm saving my gas money.
Excited to play music of Bobby Hutcherson tonight 7pm with and jochen ruckert
readi for a road trip. nex month atlanta. still wana go to cali this summer.
Are you serious? LAB GROWN HAMBURGERS? Thanks for ruining my lunch.
RT : Go out & spread the word Tuesdays are #ATUE it's the day when you can tweet about how great you & the antiques trade...
me too!!
Carving some pumpkins!
we love you too!
Braydon Mcnabb's skate cut Michael Grabowski's knee, bleeding.
Rise Up ! Get out and make today a good one !
Independent Stoner Bitches >>>>>>>>
I don't run with many girls cus they talk to much
I need help, what are the best Improv classes in LA or surrounding areas...
he mad. and homo RT : Weakest fucking quarter of basketball ever...should have took my ass to sleep smfh
lets see u say that to knucks dro n #TeamFlexxxx<U+E14C><U+E14C>
so let me get this straight...hitting hard it's worse than actually cheating. ie spygate
You don't know the value of a dollar until you've earned it yourself.
life is good.
He established #TackleCancer in 2006 as he recovered from a #stemcell transplant. He wanted to do something to benefit for patients like him
Today through Sunday the #houston #spca is adopting all #cats 8 months of age and older for eight #us dollars $8.00
great thank you.
I'm in a good mood today. :] time for church..
unless I skip the meeting and jus go to training camp...oh well we will see all I know is I am going for something!!!!lol
You forgot
HAPPY BIRYHDAY All best :)
AYYYYYYEEE RT : I got that swag for the next 2hrs
It's scary how much better Eddie and Davey were on the mic as the Wolves than they are now.
Me and Jasmine are making red velvet cupcakes on her easy bake oven
I'm pretty sure my own father is more mature than you and that's saying something.... -________-
You can do et!
Nice to hear from one of my Faves - Bernice Ross - on FB strategies @ Agent Reboot
with your friends
Cold coffee is FANTASTIC.
Everybody knows that you've been discreet and so many people you've had to meet without your clothes... and everybody knows...
Google is very handy lmfao ., U fb & twitter freak :p
saw your dad "Uncle Fred" at the coffee shop the other day. He looks great...& is such the socialite! The owner knows him by name!
Right off the very tope of the wall... and it's damn close. Borderline
Not going to be able to figure out who you are if you use your kids as your profile photo. Anywhere, ever.
sometimes I think u got more emotions than a female.
Is red licorice worth a trip to the market tonight?
listening to the roughs of my cd and getting more excited by the minute..
seems to be a MN thing haha. #Twins will be back to Oct ball end of decade. gophs were back to Frozen Four 7 years
R.I.P Whitney Houston<3
so glad to be done with all the high school shit
Cut out the wedding people & it will be a lot cleaner. Don't give up yet!
Trapped by Michael Northrop is really popular with my students right now.
“: The Nashville 420 was a Cup race in Nashville for many years, does anyone know why it was 420, why the extra 20 laps Because!
thanks about to go read it!!
Excellent! Be sure to give your new college a follow - They have great updates from campus.
hey how have you been long time no chat
REALLY JACKSON REALLY?!?!!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! OMFGGG IM CRAPPING IN MY PANTS RIGHT NOW and I hope Derek doesnt kill Jackson
Ready to be out of this class. -_-
Man.... RT TNT should replace Shaq w/ Steve Francis
Happy Holidays! Thanks for following. Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
Why won't my tweets post to Facebook?
": beets, yellow squash, kale, eggplant and carrots! #whatdidiwin?" That was fast!
Yeah, that's fuckin great, but wtf r we doing for NYE?!
Me no likey anyone (:
I'm gonna try to grow my bangs out
We have an Elk!!
In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different..
Peep it these guys have hella potential
bad girls club tonight!
Hm? RT Today's #traveltalk question: If you could spend the summer anywhere in the world, where would it be? Why?
Off to join alums from my alma mater as the Explorers take on Gdub in A10 play.
Good Eats, but sciencier!
thanks bro I'll check it
Do you believe in the Brewers...cause I DO!
say hi to jerry for me :)
So I talked to in awhile and I miss her. :/ I'm gonna bomb her with Happy Birthday messages and tweets on Monday though. <U+E32A>
I seriously believe that the NBA is owned by the lakers, every game the refs call everything in LA's favor it's ridiculous
This weather is insane!!!
So tomorrow I'm going for my permit and my ID. Wish me luck. If you have any tips...feel free!
Hot in pdx. 90 deg at the pool. Lots of tattooed parents. My fav: "playaz paradise" on the dude next to me across the gut.
thanks for the retweet!
Now that I have typed and color coded all of my notes, I guess it is time to start studying
Tomorrow is the #HolidayBowl Cal vs Texas (Go Bears). You probably want to take the Trolley. Our San Diego Trolley is great!
This is the year for miracles 2012.....
on the kimball bus lonely as hell lmao
out of control ! *xixia voice*.
SushiMadre is super good!
"Be best friends with a librarian"
- I guess #PhilHughes will have to wait until his next start to make that Cy Young bid
Okay, time for networking and self-promotion! Tell us what you do and share your links!
Taking those 5 minutes at night to put things back in their place, even when tired, soo helps in the morning with starting the day right
ya I'm not even that upset about those 9 minutes...bacon is totally worth it.
My weather buddy says chance for some wet weather towards the end of the weekend - but dry conditions will be here until Sat.
Haven't tweet that in a while
I really really really want to see UNC Asheville win this game.
anyways goodnight dream well =]
if you're trying to frame it pejoratively, I suggest 'videocaptured'. If you prefer humor, 'videobetamaxed'.
they can't just "create"shit lol.
playing last game of season tonight after working morning shift that started at 2am. This should be interesting...
I missed you at Cipriani on Saturday.
Guys who lead you on <<<<
im glad rushs BC comments have finally brought serious public scrutiny to him but im amazed hes gotten away with as much bullshit as he has.
I agree. I've converted to Chrome.
congrats to for opening their newest location in Fairfax, Virginia today!
lol yeah they were. Look I'll slide over to give y'all room to get on the band wagon
How can a young man keep his way pure? By living according to your word. (Psalm 119:9)
cubs game with the prima later
Same here gabby
Darlene and Jeff. Check the dropbox for a ROUGH draft of Destination Annapurna. Send me your thoughts. Eric
Good luck!
Will I am vs Perez Hilton...Round 1 Will.....apparantely being a professional douche does have its consequences.. wa wa
yeah we'll do it at the hotel at Prin RT“: Ill do it with you no doubt about it.”
Hey there check us out:) reverbnation.com/unseenbeast
I'm in love with mary jane! RT : #bud #weed #reefer #grass i love it all the same
What is your #FavoriteLyric?
I'll ask himRT : Sitting in milkboy and there's a guy sitting 2 tables away who looks like till lindeman of rammstein lolwut?
you came to me that day :)
My bratty little sister has not stopped talking this entire car ride. #annoyed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
I swear I throw game his whauy.
Thanks for the follow, girl! We still need to get that coffee! lol :) congrats on everything happening lately!
I'm absolutely wonderful. Getting excited about football season.
Do not miss Sebastian Maniscalco this weekend! 888-64-FUNNY for tickets.
Nation's longest streak of #NCAATournament first-round wins continues with #Purdue win over #SaintMarys. Now at 14 straight. #BoilerUp PROUD
Omg VCU let's go!!!
for all of my life. You and the sea were there to comfort me and my dreams and hopes of becoming a better human being in the end.
Stanford you had ranked #1.....Wow...Who will be your #2?
Going to be a great day for a hot dog...join us at the Main Street Public Parking Lot in Greenwood, Indiana today...see you there
ATrocious - and common, kids w ASD seek out water - and the results are usually catastrophic.
#FF follow her!!
Black Writers On Tour, general admission free, free parking. 9 Writer's seminars, register early for discount, www.blackwritersontour.com
sounds good! See you soon
Getting in the mode to get a bunch accomplished with my afternoon!
Go ahead enjoy a congratulatory slice of crack pie to celebrate Christina Tosi's win for Rising Star Chef!
hah! Would love an assistant for tomorrow!
- Glad you enjoyed it!
AND WHAT IS WRONG WITH BEING CHOOSY? oops, sorry, didn't mean to shout. But actually, I did... mean to shout.
I can't believe it's been 15 years...remember @ 9:02a
That video is hilarious #stayschemin absolutely funny as hell
sweet price. what's the bargain airline in europe these days?
thanks you are a twitter pro! :)
Metta World Peace? NPlease! Haven’t seen an elbow like that since someone came tween Kirtsie Alley and a plate of french fries.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> lol did you make it in time?!
She is adorable!
THIS SATURDAY @ CURRENT w/ SiNERGY!! Its gonna be crazy as always!!
sometimes when I have my lazy still-in-bed morning stretch session I pretend I'm an extra in a Cirque de Soleil show
Due to inclement weather, all Talmud Torah (Youth& Adult) classes on Sunday, February 14, have been cancelled!
Congrats, Carla! Happy Birthday!!!!
RT : #LTNY Anybody find my gauzy lt green long scarf? Reward: A $10 iTunes card !!! Drop it off at ALM booth! Make Monica's day!
The lilac flowers in & around smell good. Reminds me of my mom's lilac bushes growing up on the farm.
Free album for anyone willing to write a review/critique! Let us know
Girls basketball | Chicago Tribune 2012 All-State first team - Chicago Tribune
hahha., you keep putting dot dot dot.. Ahahah
The Archives will be closed on Monday, January 16th in observance of Martin Luther King, Jr. Day.
starting of with a yellow so soon? hand ball yes but no yellow.
I cringed at riri framing her vajayjay
Where are all my red carpet tweeps??
RT State Climatologist John Young: Record temps on 8 of the last 9 days in Madison. "That's extremely rare, historic."
Glad to hear it! Happy birthday RT Yum...pork shoulder at was delish, celebrated 's bday
Literally having my first mojito.
good morning
license plate - I'M RICH
We've plotted a 9 point itinerary for today's errands.
Paul Pierce "Tebowing" love it! Congrats to Doc Rivers and the C's!
Def not my article! It is 's! Congrats to her tho! She rocks!
I don't know where to send a letter too, so I've been tweeting but you never reply :( ! Lol
time to trade your coffee for agua, Vatis!!
The conference starts tomorrow. #webwise tweets will refer to convos about use of new technologies in libraries & museums
Hellz yes! Love me so B2ST crazy dancing shit!
i got to talk to you about some one !!! :)
swat a hoe when ya see one spreading her legs around, just like a fly when ya see it flying around.
attempt to control, but some attest differently..extending personal growth, all the while offering an opportunity for personal awareness
Headed to Memphis this weekend to see my long lost loves and miss you guys!!!
Thanks for the RT ! #FF We should organize another past posties happy hour soon!
I miss so much already :(
Okay Lucas I, Time to Step Up
Thanks for RTs, John!
My office-mate's decible level goes up 400% when speaking in Spanish on his mobile phone. I wish I was kidding.
Field FX will be SWEET. can get rid of the inaccurate UZR
<3 RT : I'm not a beautiful THING, I'm a person. Take me of that pedestal, buddy, or I'll jump off and use it as a weapon.
Somebody write it down, my husband noticed I had my hair differently this morning! Wonders never cease!!
hang in there Tom....the headaches slow down after you file that paperwork. You are almost there...you can do it :) Good luck
no coincidences ....ever. :)
somebody mistaken me and my fathers as brothers...
If you feel a bit anxious about not doing anything when resting, you still have long term stress to unwind.
Allergies suck so bad :l
successful night
#sljsummit The print vs digital debate in SL land is a bit like the information literacy vs transliteracy debate. Long live transliteracy
it was good. If that is so I will b waiting for that opportunity to get on the floor.
Jus ate a pretzel n a chilli dog great combo
i just strted randomly thinkin nd this came across my ming if me nd him was still together >.< smh
Good luck to all of those taking the ACT this morning. Bring a sweater, calculator, ID, and #2 Pencil. Have a good breakfast, too!
Why are you doing this ive done nothing to you!
Figured out how to play "Paint It Black" on my guitar in 5 minutes. Yes, I am patting myself on the back.
I been sick all day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
have u named her yet?
You know it's a good night when Vinny Chase walks by. What's up
Hmm. Punch Kayla out? Haha! That's funny. Don't worry, I've got you! Even though I know you can fight your own fights. :)
Is it just me or do you think, "I hate the F'ing Eagles!" every time the Eagles plays on the radio.
ok you said lunch with Plies and its lunch time im hungry so whats for lunch
Middle name is money for u haters check yo self hoe get some paper
Hello, Thanks for following me on Twitter
I ain't ratchet or a hoe, it's not my fault I got along with y'alls boyfriends. Haha
Amen bro! RT : I have learned more in the past 6 hrs following tweets from awesome participants then anywhere else.
Daily Muse: "Most of us are just about as happy as we make up our minds to be!" Abraham Lincoln
OMG! pringles and hummus! I'm in tasty heaven :)
Favorite baseball team?
I wish and were my best friends...
I'm all for Tra Carson doing what's best for him, etc... but why is he reminiscing about his time at Oregon?
which side of your parents is a filipino side :) Your mom or dad?
RT : Stanley Katz: #Highered in this country really is one of the most diverse arenas
Thanks for the BBQ Sauce and Gift Certificate to Buffalo Wild Wings. I know what's for dinner tonight!
Fuck, I'm sweating so much.
Chances for a sunny #orioles opening day could be improving. On the blog this morning.
when you do listen to it. Lemme know what you think!
Did Naked Girls Reading Friday in Chicago. I read from my dating diaries so I was doubly naked.
say somethin baby don't be so shy
omg I could not stop laughing!!!!
I HATE OLLIES. ITS AWFUL. The foods good but I'm so over a place that Might gey 50covers a night. *dies slowly*
your very welcome thank you for following me
Presenter is creating their own jargon?
looking at a pretty pair of $720 neon prada heels at saks. dawned on me that heels are female slavery
My arm still bruised up from when Xavier hit me
Why do the Blazers just look like they're not trying at times? Where's the dominant LMA? Run some Miller/Aldridge for a few possessions.
i want summer<U+2600>
Photographing a Gorgeous and Philanthropic couple for an upcoming issue!
the only problem with peaberries is they are way too tempting to munch on, hot out of the roast!
i just broke my mug ive been using everyday at work for years. tear.
“Our mind is our best friend and our worst enemy.”
Its so weird when your guy friends shave the same cologne as your dad.
What? You didn't go with the dangly thing-a-ma-bobbers? LOL!
Understood, but YOU are a grown woman WITH children, and this is Twitter babe. Block and move on
Getting ready to add churches to DC and following
Lol, no ... You have to read the post!
Andre Miller playing BIG.
we've got some turnips in the back yard, but nothing major this year.
Ok. I can accept that. Just didn't want find out u used as an ice cream topping as a kid.
Rochester, NY. Good = great expressway system Bad = the lack of public transportation for those who don't drive!
sad day lol
IM RACKED UP
Wish I could have gone to state for prep soccer tonight
she looks amazing
Congratualtions on the new position! Glad you were able to find something to your liking.
Today was like... a world record for people giving me a thumbs up as I drove by. So fucking weird.
You can tell who really doin this shit and who not.
we don't send ship notices currently, it has been shipped. Contact 858-259-0987 Thanks!
I chose as "the right answer". Other people can come to a different answer. I'm not trying to attack religion, just saying it made
never there overpriced materialized garbage! Go with Akg for some quality ear buds!
A friend is cooking me bulhao pato. I have no idea what this Portuguese dish is, but it's impressive to a non-chef like me.
TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1-tweet play that features SMOKE.
Great line by Charles, lehigh probably played on TruTV RT : Does Kenny Smith know that Duke probably had 10 films on Lehigh?
RT: Work out tonight, tomorrow morning, or both? >> Both!
Ramiressssss..against all Odds
My tummy hurt.
softball is my fav(:
Get a ova it bruh damn its a joke -___-
perfect day for it! Just walked by on my way to work.
<U+0093>It is possible to fail in many ways...while to succeed is possible only in one way.<U+0094> - Anna Quindlen
haha anytime! How would you teach me?
GOOD! (in seeing the show tonight.)
Samsung: Data Center projects in San Jose, CA -- senior IT professionals needed
gap sleep t-shirts can kiss my black ass.
Didn't have to go out of town, but I've been to ballstate 4x w/1x to go, and dwntwn 2x.
Huge game tonight for the ! Let's go :) Beat the Heat!
exactly! I dont understand how that was brought back to life. Hilarious that he's at Lambeau though...
I think it started at 8 - eek!
lol!! Will do! Get these #Sponsors lol
Lol why did they just play Nsync on this radio station.
Great panel of 9 WKKF anchors with host Fun and thought provoking.
U guys r awesome n it was proven today win well deserved i love u guys so munch #Rushersrproud of #Rusherspartyingworldwide ?
post one on instagram.
My first foray into the tweeting world...Gotta step into the present in order to get to the future...
RT : Help the Sal Army Sat-Sun; donate bottled water, cleaning supplies, etc. @ Caney Fork Rest 11 - 7...FREE appetizer
Just shut down the DINKlife #FounderShowcase demo table. Lots of great traffic but I am exhausted!!
Spring is back. Low 90s yesterday...low 70s today! Time to plant some flowers..and do some much needed spring cleaning.
#ZachWantsToTrend I love him he is so cool!! Funny too!
yeah. But not as much fun. Congrats on and good luck in your new place.
Things I like, sex, candy, smoke, being drunk an having fun I need more of all of these in my life, work is too fuckin old :(
It feels amazing to be off work! Too bad its only Monday... :/
be derrre soon
YAY! How did it go? Did they bring tomatos?
I think we are all programmed to multi-task now. I get more work done while watching podcasts.
That Pat Sajak situation is wild!
Congrats , , on the win over WKU tonight
do it!
So like a idiot I left my wallet at home...who wanna bring me lunch? Please!
Omar says he's "a bit floppy." We told him that the band left him here and he had to take the bus to Madison. He said "fuck off"
Stay tuned within the next hour or so for our Sean-opening podcast on tonight's exhibition game.
I love u
Fans! What would you do with 25 free Chick-fil-A sandwiches!
so happy to hear that!!
I'm Tebow's pastor.
I can't possibly imagine why I miss you, but some things you just don't understand, I guess.
Gallardo has been terrible vs the Cardinals since he began his career. He has 1 win and 9 losses.
RT Teaching LGBT #history & history of gender-based violence go hand in hand w/ combatting #streetharassment: bit.ly/qd9tTh
finalized 2 contracts today working on the 3rd. So many contracts for the production business.
would love to see in the NFL
Shout out go the old dude in dad shorts that just flashed his balls as he got out of the car. Happy Easter
Yes, I the 10th.
Oh. That's gonna sting in the morning.
Did you buy one? If so, thank you!!!
Dude, it's SO on! I get back to Miami from Toronto on Sunday - let's get together next week!
#Wegmans is legit one of my favorite places on Earth! S/O on the #awarenessinc webinar!!
Didn't know you were an astronomy guy too? I'm in the city with too much light pollution...
Vo-Ag is a very rewarding career w/ wonderful youth and families to meet that become lifelong friends.
why would they put
I love Eating Well magazine and find such great recipes and ideas in each issue.
So this is what 21st feels like... Waking up before 5am.... Mehhhhh <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
Got tons accomplished with my assistant! Now its time for a double workout. Getting my handstand on!
Heavy is gay THICK, THICKLY is better :)
School sucks <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Or don't text back. That's cool too.
My dog gone be crazy after these kids get thru with him
Just getting by was never your destiny. Take your power back. Don't wait for anyone to do for you what you can do for yourself. Take a risk.
step into prosthetics
All those fairy tales are full of shit #payphone<U+2665><U+2665>
Real teachers cheer when they hear April 1 does not fall on a school day.
uecker hands down.
finish with the final run through of edits. #excited but tired.
you just stop talkin sweetie?
When someone tweets but won't text you back.....<<<<
Would rather be at the boardwalk today instead of the museum
One day soon, reproductive freedom will be recognized as a basic human right. G. Steinem, Tufts '87
thanks for your compliments! We slowly but surely paid back most of what we put in. Been a crazy path since.
went to see the hunger gamess but i already seen it so we went to see it again then we saw war horse
Feeling confined might not be a bad thing, but that's a really good question about too hot. What a pain!
I feel it. It'll happen.
lmao she was all there's crazy grandpa
Classic post!
Merry Christmas
yeaa but we only seem to know weird ppl>_<
Severely sprained my ankle while cleaning out garage in preparation for moving van with parents' stuff ... at least it's not raining!
what did he say?! I definitely saw you on my tv making a surprised facial expersion when your friend hugged bieb
If you took all the veins from your body and laid them end to end you would die.
I hate when my buttcheeks burn -_-
I know the feeling =_<
Leaving work early to get fucked. Excuse is already in place.
I don't feel that way at all! That's amazing! :o
When your girlfriend/boyfriend say lets take a break <<<<<<<
Hey Debbie! I am recovering from fibroid surgery.
I'm a fan of people who try to derail other people's projects so they can take credit away from team actually doing it. Big. Fan.
i do
Thanks! Will let you know, asap. And, yes, would be nice to meet!
thankyouu baybeee*: i really want itt! im look at some thign weekend but im pretty sure im gonna order that one anyway :)
“: I prefer going 10x to the Doctor then the Dentist , the Dentist Scares me .”
i understand, Roger from American dad is my soul-mate
Is there anything Mark Reynolds isn't terrible at?
Yeah, I would've ref'd Michael & Page Design Group if they had Twitter - it's not on their B/Cs, site, FB. I did Thx on FB, tho
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: showed u how to stop Tebow
Damn i think my ass is getting sick
true. Maybe sit on your hand so it is numb. That way it feels like a stranger Is giving you a hand.
Today was a good day...
oh I see I see.
To the 9th: King 2, Churchill 2. King gets runner to 3rd, but Gurwitz gets his 3rd K of the inning to move the game to the 9th.
i couldn't log on to my old one, don't know why
no way!!! I want that so badly!!!
They didn't have it with hot dogs here. Just spaghetti.
It's SO hard!! Thanks for the kind words! MT I find it hard to just go with the flow, but it generally turns out much better
I can see why. Guys nowadays are such assholes.
3 and a half hours of sleep.... ugh, gonna be a long day.... =P
I don't think it's conscious. Racial notions are often ingrained to the pt of invisibility but still at work
it also implies that we all came from an accident. And we all came from pond scum...no fun. Lol
luckyy..its like 95 degrees over here
What video?
Everyone loves a versatile offensive linemen. If I didn't marry a doctor, versatile offensive linemen was next on my list
Omfg #grannyg on America's got talent I can't even. I'm fukin dying.
We've exhausted this, lets move on. will TREND!
ThaNK YoU DuDE!
you're the shit..
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen asks me for food... Then I buy some...... Then I eat it all <U+E404>
My friend never saw toy story !! :O ... she needs. a reality check
in Hawaii now. What is your favorite course, irrespective of island?
Just saw BEAST WISHES - The Fantastic World Of Bob And Kathy Burns. It IS fantastic! Congrats Amazing!
The Steelers get their DT, and an A+ for the NFL Draft.
Innovation panel: important for work cultures & granting cultures to allow for failure.
Keep an eye on your mail, And happy early birthday! ;-)
Do I need to guess who that co-worker is? LOL
Some crazy person wrote a book about his affair with Jessica Simpson.....but they've never met.
Tell me when I change, girl, but only when I change
no your not
loves watching Conan
I need more and more followers
Just had several brothers and friends support me in presenting my research project on masculinity within a fraternity
"our candy is fresh"
Sounds like you guys are having fun. Happy Birthday!!
woohoo it'll be so funn #highlightofmylife :p we're trying to have it earlier in the day
lol ok but I tell yah, it was so hilarious xD
You know who sux? #fail "Using > 3GB in future billing cycles will result in reduced speeds. You can use Wi-Fi..."
According to the American Association of Endodontists, more than 15 million root canals are performed every year.
Mother called me just to talk about them. Some people from the neighborhood came over this weekend and Petey sucked in all the attention
Boarding on time, bye bye Portland! See you in two weeks!
it would be easier to count the people who aren't pregnant in this town. don't drink the water.
In Bill Taylor's blog post, "Average is over. What's your Extra?" the focus is on organizational issues. What about personal "extras?"
Thank you! I'm definitely willing to sacrifice vacation time in the summer for something that pays off in the long term.
You fire a guy you create a rival, fire a girl you create a housewife.
Awready bro. Just grinding trying to get the world ready for "Oldies but Goodies" June 28th ya feel me
And Twitter Fans never play nice. Lol
HA! i like that :D
thanks girl!
Me too
Yes, yes it was. Haha. Maybe that slow day and its fateful crime piece were a weird omen of what was to come.
Just waiting for Steph and Billy to get home from their track meet and here the results.
Ready for this day to go by fast
half of them missed last year.
Snowing Very Heavy an hour North of New York City*** Beautiful!
Tough to beat! RT : we love local craft beer on a sunny November day!
So I don't forget, happy birthday hope you have a great day!!!!!
I feel like horoscopes are classes in the world of life. Whatever sign you are determines what skill boosts you'll have.
6.5 hours of class on Mondays sucks. I'm so tired.
That doesn't mean they like each other, dumb ass.
haha I'm the same way!
“: Good thing doesn't care what I look like when I eat. #notcute” of coursee
the last 3 letters in australia spell my name
Facebook doing to much!!!!
: Aye nigguh call me real fast.
It has just come out that my wife thought "orioles" in the song Rockin Robin was "Oreos". Until right now.
So you didn't win? I didn't buy a lottery ticket. I don't feel superior, since I bought a Snickers with the dollar instead. Love the peanuts
Headed down to depaul for a taize prayer.
Yes! Love it! Beautiful and appropriate. :)
#20ThingsAboutMe; 5. I spend way too much time thinking of what could have been.
Which reminds me I haven't done kellebrities in like a week omfg
we seriously need to reunite and all go out for Chinese lol
#SuperMoon doesn't look bigger but it does look brighter
LOL. Maybe using it for only the first letter. It's just has wayy too many swirls for me.
Follow back
Where are you vegan yacht?!?!
#shoutout to some great peeps
Women's Soccer start time looking at 7:50 p.m. ... Men's game to start 10 minutes after the conclusion of the women's game.
Thanks for the shout out! We love being part of the Leisure section :)
Working on an oil portrait of Alex, Jessica, and their dog, Murray! Can't wait to give it to them.
a miami heat hug ;) lol
What?! That is nuts somebody could have been killed or hospitalized. smdh
2-1 Verb. No debating but Ima fly out to New York And take some of them Bitches.
Aye Verb 2-1 no debating.....and they say Clips and Math Bodied you....smh big time hatin my dude....Midwest Stand Up.
I have to start posting unedited stuff cuz u know followers will unfollow you in a second if they don't feel you're worth their time.
We arent friends were stranger with memories.
have a fun taper marathon! :)
Ok. The new Beetle ad was cool.
The Hunger Game
Thanks for RT!
I'm one giant ball of excitement!
<U+2764>LETS PLAY THE AWESOME GAME (: Let's see if has the AWESOMENESS to Favorite this tweet!!!!!!!!!! (: <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
how did you use it? Because i use it and if the hair dye is not old i mean due date is not passed it works great.
I'm not trying to get caught up....
Correction...HILARIOUS
I am an atheist lover of Jesus. Jesus was SO good. SO worth following. If you are a Christian lover of Jesus, I am with you.
Three things: 1) How is your bro doing? 2) How are you doing? 3) Just found out my family will arrive the day after #SipOfMI :)
Make it a great Wednesday Lawrence. Jim
More like Friday dinner. Food Truck Friday is an evening event.
Where would I even go..? Fuckin... narnia.
that is a bad ass car. Wow.
I wish my cuzin was out to be at his son's funeral.
I know. wait what. pineapple. OMG SPONGEBOB.
Thank you for the follow, George (Jones) - it's been since 1980 that I saw you last.. And you still look great!!!
Or if you're Rush Limbaugh 1 man and 4 women. Talk about the sanctity of marriage.
if you can't beat'em join'em if you can't join'em then you'll get beat....but take as many with you as possible. Deep.
tell em bro!
my fone keeps goin on non stop
My chronic inability to think on my feet during chance encounters with women is truly pitiful.
“: hope you had a great day too!!!!”| thanks!
If for some strange reason you're not friends with me on FB yet. ADD ME! Or else I will search you down for eternity.
lmfao you makin fun of me cause I said bro?
I envy those who have time to lay down.
But now I have the Three's Company theme stuck in my head. And I want a beer.
I repeat - double u, tee, eff
hey girl! Haven't seen you in forever!
Getting annoyed. I hate dealing with people who have anxiety attacks. Relax
Be kind. Be courageous. The absolute best things in my life have come from that.
Football tomorrow!
#thingsthatgetmeupset - only nick follows me, none of the other boyz or vinny:(
Just calling it like we see it... RT : My friends and have no faith in me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Govt emply personality types r "the most willing to kill" TYPES, but they get even greater pleasure from having others do the killing 4 them
Final 10 laps with still in the lead on - fuel strategy in play at
why wouldn't I? And alright
Debating on if I should get out or chill out on this 2k.
Bloodshot eyes may be caused by eye strain, fatigue, alcohol, and lack of: B2 & B6 vitamins, lysine, histidine or phenylalanine aminos.
Who is going?! RT : Meeting up with at Elephant & Castle at 8pm. Woo hoo alumni.
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways make you feel loved and cared for <3
"What does not kill you makes you stronger," (Kelly Clarkson). Faith moves mountains.
you have a web site with your music that I can hear? what type of music do you play? :)
Super cute!
I hate not being in the mood to cook!
needs live/local/SATRAD opportunities throughout Baltimore/DC and/or voicetracked globally. or 410.790.3675.
secrets of a restaurant chef is on food network right now
Absolute truth! RT BD tip: don't disregard the potential value of ANY contact, regardless their title or pay grade.
I always get hyper at 11. Not helpful.
Would you consider getting a service animal to assist you with your daily activities if you ever became disabled? Let us know
Sometimes u think u like somebody until u spend time wit em
Up before 10.<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Twitter #FTW! RT: : Beckie is turning us into tweetmasters!
getting off my ass and going for a run!
This is the day that counts.
Never thought I'd say this, but I could really use a Snuggie right now. It's downright chilly in our living room.
Thanks for putting together your soc sci et al list. great compilation!
I miss ! And I'm a neighbor! We really need to hang soon...
Last regular season home game tonight. Let's get that win fellas! #blazers #ripcity #uprise!
Or actress :)
aw. that is very sweet. : )
my daughter and I have been addicted. It's pictionary in the go!
Thanks for following! If you mention that you follow us on twitter we will give you 20% off your sod order.... Offer expires February.
email me at
Stealing my things ? -______- I was gonna do that :o
lmao does everyone hate you according to you? And yes if mariah or a female is attending lol
IT AINT WHERE YOUR AT...IT'S WHERE YOUR GONNA BE. BE HEARD.
#teamfollowback #promo follow she is cool....#followsback and #promotes follow her and get mad followers mad #love to you girl
i think it's a personality thing. especially on the agency side. i think huggers thrive in an agency environment.
Onyx is a translucent stone that can be backlit and looks awesome!!!!
If you can't accept for me who I am then fuck you. I'm not changing for anybody.
Holy cows. Tonight was insane !!!
Merci Thanks for following
Am I in this because of the Android?!! The Nexus lives!!
Happy St. Patricks Day, Fans! How do y'all plan on celebrating this lucky holiday?
Canton strbux for a meeting, then heading to Golden West Cafe for lunch mtg...yummy
Cancer, of course ;)
Barrera: The solutions are obvious and have been available in DC and Sacramento for years.
happy houring with my parents
Hey gurl. You look real good today. But seriously talk to me. I'm bored and lonely. :(
Earplugs on. Pissed off.
Go back in time - New York Post
When you randomly l
My black phone, being lost in school, severe hunger, messy locker, and gross outfit today<<<<<<<
hahha im glad. Yeah i used to this he was the most perfect person on this planet..... Loll
Business owners in Charlotte, feeling isolated, frustrated and confused about the New Normal business environment, DM me or see Vistage:...
It's a good thing I was born a girl, otherwise I'd be a drag queen. - Dolly Parton
I hate this boho fucking look every girl tries to wear. Jeans and a hoodie all day everyday for me
i never did. honestly
ALASC is co-hosting an event with SCoSAA, this Wed Oct 5th at 4:30 PM in P-206. Amy Benson, from Harvard’s Schlesinger Library will be here!
wuld u snitch if u were facin 25 - life???
When you think of them &cant help but smile, do you ever wonder if its more then a crush? Like, there's more to it them "likeing" them?;*
That's probably Jimmy excited at his first mention in three months.
Thanks for the follow!
RT Monday Twitter Special: Buy 1 toy get 1 half off (both dog and cat)
Getting an ambulance ride from Kilroys counts as having a designated driver, right?
i know im at my bank right now
Name one song that describes your life best right now.
Trivia is about to start. still time to get down here. Parking on Bittner.
congratulations to our friend who made it through the sxsw battle of the bands last friday! (: we love you!
LostSpoiler: The shoot out with Jack-n-Kate was horrible. Unbelievable, and unnecessary. Afterwards, those two weren't even phased by it.
Zach Randolph is B.S.-ing, big time.
You go to Major Taylor a lot or at all?
The Armchair Economist-Revised Edition — Marginal Revolution
A1: It allows you to see your project grow from an idea to a business, but it's still a j-o-b; just one you actually love.
You heard RIGHT.
Did you know steve snyder has a book? why does no one tell me this crap?
Our union pays us a $300-$500 bonus every time we shoot somebody. Hey, we're upset too, most paid murderers make way more money than that.
New merchant now!!! Http://www.skellawear.com
People who wear snap backs backwards with hoods on over them
I got my business set up for the whole day tomorrow!
fair enough. We've only just met. Carry on. But say hi to if you see him.
follow me please! (:
I remember the pilot. It was darker, with at least one fantasy gone wrong. Always hoped it would go "Night Gallery".
Hopefully I get to see Joey today so I can slap him.
#hth2012 Carngal: downside (cosmopolitism, consumerism, individualism). Interesting that some are presented as downsides!
Do not develop in the open. Instead, make source code available after innovation is complete - Your friend, Google
“: Got my ring back!!! :D” I was wondering about that ring!! Yay!
Austin to unveil monument to Willie Nelson on counterculture day 4/20
You got it big guy. Good to see you jumping into the radio bus. Hope everything works out!!!
So do the Ducks get new uniforms every year, it sure seems like it.
this weather though...
talking #5 at work with guy bashing Flacco..brought up ATL game comback in 10'..he said #5 left too much time on the clock..
Its so funny the ways some girls present themselves yet call others hoes
he be chillen with Mike, Pauly D, and Vinny!!
Listening to and moved on to Siamese Twin Ale... Packing is going to have to wait...
Best Sunday EVER! Today is a warm 63°F; ride on friends!
I Was Musically Blessed! I Thank You Lord!
Listening to the new album by ! Sounds fabulous and proud to have been a kickstarter supporter!
Thanks for the retweet bro!
they should just have "AfuckingA clothing"
Absolutely amazing being able to see Alex again! I missed him SO much! #PrayForAlexRiegle #relayforlife <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
why is she telling me what to do. i wanted to talk to you, not her.
Stories are powerful.
Just got our 6 new flip cams we ordered through our fiscal sponsor. Excited about our upcoming filmmaking workshops for kids. #grateful!
Didn't know you believed in him. Surprising. But good.
exept you blanco your awsome tweet all you want you have fun doing it some reason:)))
it's so true
Church folks...need to get it together i feel sorry for them n they families..
I would laugh my ass off.
Good night people. Have fun.
As far as I can tell...yes!
are you going to the banquet?
oh, one last thing before I go to sleep.. don't be surprised if you don't get a goodmorning text from me.
We're looking for a D.C. photographer who will shoot an event for us tonight. Metro accessible, food provided! Interested?
Love seeing the construction moving along out here in brookfield!
doesn't have Brandied Cherries? Strange.
I want to write a letter to an old friend. I know his name & current city. Does anyone have a free site to find his address? He lives in NYC
Relaxing while preparing for the Toastmasters Meeting of the century...
Thanks, I'll be sure to let you know if I ever think of anything intelligent to say.
lol natural blonde? Means you's a freak? Haha
ya I hate that feeling, I don't want to eat anything late and then go to bed
I loathe the expression "going ham" with every proton of my being.
I love when tables walk in 15 mins before we close ! FYI read the hours on the door ! #getout !
This is why I love abc family <333
Just received the finished version of our newest track, Avaritia. We'll be posting it sometime this week.
If anybody wants to hang out with me today, I get out at ten 'til.
Violent sneezes are my favorite kind.
*nods* except a little less on that quiet part ;)
which bowlers do you think should be picked for the first south Africa test?
I know the rain is always needed, but 4 days is a long run!
My former intern had interns?! How quick they grow up!
i got 2 four day weeks in a row
That makes two of us! :)
haha I'm only in this for the food.
When Padme meets Jar Jar she says "You're a Gungan, right?" There's two sentient races on your planet - get an encyclopedia.
thank you honey <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
"My students be amongsts the rocks!"
Is there anything special you'll be looking for at the MOMS Spring 2012 sale? Tell us what's on your list!
Done. Just sent my interview w/Sathima Benjamin to Ellingtonia, She talks about being discovered by & recording w/Duke Ellington in 1963.
Tea Bagger's for Santorum might want to play with Google once in awhile.....
NYC to DC now in the ATL long week but we are making it happen
I am a recruiter with Third Screen Talent. We specialize in sw developers. Would love to see if could work together
Why is a food named chilli hot?
Sick, so doing my usual am-sick thing: watching Hitler documentaries.
Verizon adding $2 charge for online payment! ANOTHER REASON TO DITCH YOUR SERVICE
Little bits of retaliation are necessary at extreme times.
Yes I'm in Diego Garcia. What an awesome place!
The episode of the Mary Mary show when Erica fell out of the chair on the boat was so scary. My heart dropped.
at which part, there were many.
Glad to have you with us Liz! Reppin'
Okay now at menards and the worles are as always fine...but i'm shopping for flowers! not guys!(;
Oh yes. We will be back next year for sure. It looks like 10/10/12 next year. We'll continue to improve it!
Celebs in DC for A Capitol Fourth (next Monday) include: Steve Martin, Jimmy Smits, Matthew Morrison, Jordin Sparks, Little Richard + more!
not sure if that sosunds fun or not lol
I'm so excited! It better be good.
He is Risen! Happy Easter everyone!
but I always wonder why people ask me if I'll write something for their site when I didn't want to do it any more on my own.
Wearing knee brace :(
Hey john fox, I knew it was a bad idea to run up the middle on 4th and goal from the 2... Why didn't you?
No. Wish away.
Level of confidence in member CEOs have waining confidence across the board. 40% say uncertainty is their biggest business issue.
The base is really bumpin' in the airport bar.
About to go head into work and give my two week notice I am so nervous!
I see you're coming to the Cruzan Amphitheatre in March! Who else is playing with you? Will be there regardless!
Pastor: The assignment is to listen, to listen to people that you're uncomfortable with, as well as those you want to serve.
Girls, respect yourself. You're gorgeous and beautiful inside and out. Don't let a guy upset you. Always keep your head held high.
We have an ASStounding line up tonight! Make sure you get your drunk ASS here! Let's ROCK this FRIDAY GOLD CLUB STYLE!
looking forward to your talk 6/17 "How to get your kids into Films,TV, commercials #kidscasting 7-9 CST will rsvp
Do you guys ever sit around and watch 1D covers on youtube? Many of your fans are incredibly talented!
How many people will be part of your march? where will it start in Evanston?
Hi Robert. I love you. <3
Put my UW Madison liberal arts2good use but lost a philosophical argument to the Lawrence psyc/ed Major. #pridelost I feel like "shoot"
Happy Father's day too all the amazing dads out there. The appreciation you should receive is endless! :D love family.
thanx! hey lady, I want food and I haven't received an invite from you yet lol!!
I'm probably going to go tommorow when Lucas gets back, unless you wanna do something all together?
DePaul 46 Texas Tech 41 with 15:33 remaining. Another close one at the #OSC11. Gotta love college hoops.
Yall better learn to walk the walk
so irritating I don't get that channel. Haven't been able to watch any of the games
RT : is doing a great job announcing the DHF scholarship winners at the EdTechLink fundraiser!
New tunes from Radio 1 Mix are absurd good. Can't wait for the release of your album. #soonplease? #SonnySavesXmas?
Calvin is on the cover of Madden 13, looks like the Lions are drafting a WR in the first round tonight.
Dining in a dance club with at Made my own fish tacos using their Mexican fish fry. Yum!
Time 2 start acting like a housewife for the next few hours. I usually wait till she is on plane home b4 panic cleaning.
Crazy busy day, just leaving work and I am SO ready to go home!!!
I kno I'm trynna catch up..lol...I feel u tho
I have no desire to drink #jager but thanks for the shot glass necklace...u can never have enough of those (@ Fox Theater)
I can't wait for my Gossip Girl to arrive later this month!
until thay see me on t.v. or sumthing then they will be like hey i know her....!!!maybe im an undercover famous person
he balled up in his first game, and if he keeps playin like he did saturday he'll be back
hey! How are you?
You had me at "pub."
I fear this will not be a good game for our rainbow wahine. #hopeimwrong ricketts gives up single to first batter faced.
About to get kicked out this one soon too
thanks Alexis…that's mighty kind :)
Own or Rent? Owning a home is expensive.
we celebrate every day :) #HoagieLIfe rt “: how are you celebrating National Hoagie Day today?”
hey check us out mysoflo.com & follow ... Good to have u down n SoFlo!
Congratulations! That sounds and looks really cool.
"Don't confuse the people who are always around with the ones who are always there."
No problem ;) Hehe what do you wanna be when your older? A hollister model? (;
I scratched my arm on my binder today at school and now it looks like I cut my wrists..
It's Mrs. Buchanan's homework. Fuuuuuck.
i wish these shirts would dry already... and turn out.
it's all we need :D
same here. guys are jerks in they're own way. But sure they're that one guy that'll never do that.
They can't measure heart, when love isn't what I want.
Realized that insecurity kills, so Don't ever think for a moment that you aren't made perfect
Dreaming of you tonight <3
doubt it, cause I handled that. I mean what!? Caleb is a smart young man! He knows his maths!
awks lol! Hahah any big plans for this weekend?
Never let yesterday use up too much of today.
RT On my way to #NYC with headed to
I've been great, man! Good to hear from you. How're things going in milwaukee?
. True, just curious. So that means you believe in mccoy??
FRANKENSTEIN by Mary Shelley. #fridayreads What are you reading?
yea it does! Super boring!
Just announced! RED HOT CHILI PEPPERS on Nov1. Tix on sale March 9th Noon.
let them pay u for dumb penalties ..m..fun!!:-)
lol it's like a car crash.... Terrible but you can't take your eyes off it
I never claimed to be a leader, I just happen to have a lot of followers
Thank you to all of the greatest fans in the #MISL! We will see you next season. #2013Champs!
thats some bullshit where did you hear that?
yeah!! we shall have to keep this count down going lol. did he answer your email?!?!?
Thanks for following! Looking forward to learning more about B+L!
How are the boys today?
What do gay horses eat? HAY!
But aye it is true
not following you, who was the rapist?
aww thanks Ash! :)
And yes I'm talking a/b you don't need 10 xtra pitches for girls to check you out
My personal gmail is down and it's completely throwing me off. Damn you google for your super strong hold over me...
When I have nothing else to entertain me, my retainers are always there for me :)
yeah I did, maybe my phone fucked up cause it sucks il text u right now lol
#Chapman at 100 MPH...more than once. Yikes! Oops...101MPH. Bye bye Rickie.
thank you sweet heart. :)
I love sports, wrestling and video games. Bugs scare me. I cry at 80% of chick flicks/cartoon movies I see. And I love stuffed animals.
Big timpani and tasty percussion today!
#USWNT- Goalie Girl Power!
we did it! says we broke the old high temp record for today!! whoohoo.
w second fumble recovery in 3rd q -- and 2nd TD pass on next play. Garcia to Wilson for 41 yards, final play 3rd q. Up 47-38.
I don't blame favors. I would too. Where's horry when u need em *looks at Steve Nash*
I really do not see any thing intriguing tonight
Take the time to decide what living organism out of each species you most closely resemble. What insect are you? What reptile are you?
school for the blind I dont see these niggas doin it
They can't be that good or he would have been in on last play vs 'Cuse!
I B Taking Mad Random Piks When I'm Out lol
holy f*ck! over 1 million signatures on the petition to recall Scott Walker. Thank you Wisconsin. Thank you #wiunion. Much love to all!
Soaking cashews overnight for 's Banana, coconut and cashew-cream tart is worth the wait, but torturous nonetheless.
Sorry we did not get to chat longer at tonight's event!
Joint finance committee still hasn't approved additional funds to finish review check.
Sittin here with the family watching tomb raiders ice cream sounds good
or weird.
The mother's heart is the child's schoolroom.
Such passionate, creative librarians at Digital Literacy discussion group. Professional pride!
so...what is this about the ICONic boyz? theyre shutting down their twitters?????
#MyBiggestFlaw is Im flawless
the weirdest thing happened the other moring i woke up with tears inmy eyes onerolling down my cheek and knew imust have been dreaming you
p - so glad you're following! Welcome
ah someone text me! I'm bored as hell!
ain't no way that's true.
will end the day with three emails in the inbox
in St. Louis? Thats Houston weather for this time a year. Its unpredictable here always
What about Montero? He's an ex-Yankee so one would think even you would mention him. How many potential all-stars does it need
send it to contact ^ AL
Boston Massacre - Happy Valentine's Day. Drinking is back in the #redsox dugout. Go
lets you analyze who you follow on Twitter and who follows you. Or, search and assess others. Learn who has influence. Cool.
Bach or Mozart...really?
Keep it real please
I already pack my clothes just waiting for u to move on
can't wait!
Anyone notice how bad the #Flyers have been since JVR came back? Time to bench his butt
#WhenImBored I tweet about how bored Iam.
RT : Congrats to for being nominated Future Leader of Tomorrow award. << Thanks!
My balls are itching...is that a sign?
Ran I to my first-ever manager in the Hilton lobby. This is why I love conference!
At #RN pinning ceremony at Metro State for my Niece's graduation. All #women speakers here. Cheers to Molly and the graduates and faculty
Not gonna lie , I kinda wanted to .
I'll text u
Pioneer Introduces Its Most Powerful Internal BDXL/BD/DVD/CD Recordable Drive - EON: Enhanced Online News (press release)
I hope Everyone is having a Wonderful Thanksgiving!!!!!
if u in manteca this summer and u trying to get ur hoop game right get a 24 membership imma be in that bitch 24/7
Hope everyone is enjoying the weekend. Come by for some wine or spirits to end the weekend :)
Unfortunate hashtag there, Coach. Get it trending RT Great time on #Crystal Cruises with my friend #Dick Vermeil in Iceland today!
Lol, there is still a day or two to cultivate that magic!
Ah perfect fall weather...can't wait for the weekend - my hubby finally has a 2 day weekend because of Labor Day :-)
And the Academy Award for Sound Design goes to The Academy. For using random mic settings and that great digital sound.
Cheesey Tuesday People, it's Cheesey Tuesday!
Bustttooooo lots of dumb stuff happening in a row. Looking forward to PLO 2moro
RELATIONSHIP TIP: Listen + Faithful + Support her + Make love 2her + Lick& suck her x Treat her as a queen = Keeping her
Can i get a shoutout please?!
If Black is the new Green, Green must be truly be the new Black!
DSM Tweeps-anyone know someone locally who may have been on the Northwest Flight to Detroit, who would talk with us? DM me!!
We have had some of the same issues :(
sad Marc didnt write Katherines character 2 still be gay but U came back badass & i knew U were gonna B back & I still screamed
Christmas is the Disneyfication of Christianity ~ Don Cupitt
"A wise man makes his own decisions, an ignorant man follows public opinion.....POOF!!!!
They have plenty more for game 6 The Knicks shooting confetti was the NBA's version of "Mission Accomplished."
Our MiniSolos show is still going on. Catch it before it closes in two weeks.
tell em not to touch the kicker next time
In a business casual environment, you must still maintain a polished professional image. Choose classic over trendy.
Excellent! Thanks!
your welcome :)
Ok, and now I'm sleepy...
I hate that!
DeVante Designz Inc., CFO Kelly Lyall to participate in the J.P. Morgan Global Technology, Media and Telecom Conference on Aug 2nd.
Crazy things u see on the road #14: A 1992 Carolla carrying a full car engine in its trunk. Can't be legal.
RT : Tickets for the #ChocoTweetup still available at the door!
101 Things to Do in Burnaby and New Westminster (2012 Edition)
no who haven't lol, dejate de vaina! THERE'S TONS OF CELEBRITIES! You met MB, JDior & who else ? Lmfao!! Karma tho!
A person who works diligently toward a dream & keeps focus on the goal will wake up & realize that he has achieved what he has dreamed
I bet these penn state kids wouldn't flip a car over if one of their own parents got fired. they sure have their priorties figured out.
I Just hmmn Idk Its Complicated ?* :/
I agree!
Is dannymac still an employee of #thescore670 or what? Dont get me wrong all day every day works for me!
thanks for connecting me, you science guy, you! :)
Yeah Green Bay!!!
Lombardi: we have to allow for the possibility that some kids will fail.
#SecretService not only paid for sex they drug and rape you as a tool of intimidation..#Bloodtest me for proof.
Congratulations! Now try to get the music out of your head...
Having a blast so far here in Nashville for CRS! A few meetings today then it's Warner Wednedsay tonight. Holler if you're down here!
what was the score?
What if you're a super good detective? Like Sherlock Holmes!
when r u coming to GA
follow and let her know I sent yu! She opened for Cody in nov!
I expect a lot of all caps and twitter-tears.
I MEAN WE FROM THE SAME CITY WHAT YOUR REAL NAME
What's the contribution you can make? Fred Ali , , Carol Goss & Bob Ross
You had an anti-Mitt sign in 2004? lol
Sinners & Saints
"When I was a lad I ate 4 dozen eggs every morning to help me get large..."
RIP to the pussy cuz we only love ass
I'm done mixin now its time for my bot to take over and kill the club....
"Blackmail, felonies, political intrigue, a trip to the zoo, and family therapy." Reading on the Kindle again.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act. - Buddha
"Not very Fast, but plenty Furious: Walnut Street Drift"
I haven't really heard anything about the Nike watch but it seems nice & simply. I also got the Garmin to use on my bike+
The best closer ever will be back. So happy his 1st ballot HofF career doesn't end like that.
Waiting the arrival of our new 4ft Jib - nice and compact for indoor use, and much more portable!! Just the 2 weeks to wait!!!
lee I have great tunes for u from memphis. Home of wooly bully orig. home. But take a listen to our soul music!!
at ease. RT : is speaking military talk with his colonel dad: saying things like, "alpha-victor-alpha"
well played my friend, well played! Lol
No but he's still an upper echelon player capable of winning. He's already won against a good field this year.
RT : I'll be on the Charlie Rose Show tonight talking about our book The Gardens of Democracy with Eric. Tune in if you can!
what did you just say?
you're pretty quiet tonight 85
But Schottenheimer was the problem when he was there, right? Gets run out, team doesn't come close to that success.
hope your hand is okay
Thanks for the follow! Following you too!
Naw it ain't like that. Most Marines are great people to be around. We take care of them, like they take care of us.
Check out Wanda Colon on E Entertainment today. She will be a celebrity commentator on “Celebrity Transformations” at 1pm.
don't we do have this global myopia most of the time?
After news of open marriage talk, #Gingrich poll numbers spike in California and France.
Loved hanging with you last night. Wine food and talk were most excellent. Love your pugs paw position in this photo.
My life is non stop "making" (home renos, sculpture, web design) from the moment I wake up till I go to sleep. #ChaChing!
RT if u love twitter!
Proverbs 13 1A wise son heareth his father's instruction: but a scorner heareth not rebuke.
hey wats up srry to say this but be right back i hav to take a shower
school is going good! a lot of work and track is keeping me busy so i don't have much of a life during the season...hbu?!
i see how much you care -.-
What a great weekend! Friends and fun! Another busy week starts tomorrow morning! I'm thinking a sushi lunch tomorrow :)
Hey how are you
": Think She Tight w/ This Hat On In Her Avi lol" lol man I am :)
The cast of Glee broke The Beatles record for having the most number one hits on the Hot 100 chart?! this upsets me greatly. #EpicFAIL D'=
yes he is following her. She doesn't deserve to get followed by him!
Inspiring change through film keynote address on #globalwatercrisis @
I NEVER look to make sure the “L” and “R” headphones go in the correct ears lol
Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity. They seem to be more afraid of life than death
To clarify, this is not about 'best' but 'celebrity' pastry chef and how that really doesn't exist in Seattle.
If you live in Arizona you should probably bank with Arizona Central Credit Union.
My son won his annual easter egg hunt,, he has earned the title "Easter Boy of the Year"! Way to go Mekhi!
And something involving zelda
To all the new follower, thank you! I follow back.
Not riding in anything is driving!
Would much rather be in CRJ than in the urgent care "/
I'm not even gunna speak on it. Imma just get even on it.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME <3
"don't be something you aren't." -
Your so inlove that you acted insane.
not everything is about you... damn, you are not that special ( In my high pitched ghetto voice)
For drinks in lovely weather hit up patios at Aster Cafe, Happy Gnome, Common Roots, W.A. Frost, Cheeky Monkey, Riverview Cafe.
Follow your dreams, but just make sure you have fun too hehehehe
-well,then put up a puppet and pull the strings : you think that ain't being done now ? Maybe Putin...for sure Wall Streeters
omg thats how i used to feel, now im used to it unless it is a random ahaa.
would love to attend a conference like this one day. do you always go?
what's wrong man
Vikings' Chris Cook not guilty on all 4 counts. We'll have reaction tonight at 4,5 and 6.
much respect and love
The Detroit Tigers are going to be a marketing dream in 2012!
cool beans!!
yeah cause its hott
Cant wait till teen wolf.
We *are* on a budget.
Guilty until proven innocent.
In addition to HubSpot's top ranking in the small companies category, HubSpot also made it on a few of the Globe's Top 10 Lists:
Happy Bday, hope you enjoy it...
Reporting an research key items of #pr approach.
IT GET NICE OUTSIDE KIDS OR GROWN PPL DNT KNO HOW TO ACT THESE PPL MUST NOT KNO I WILL SLAP THE HELL OUT OF A KID
when your dreaming with a broken heart, the waking up is the hardest part.
Aren't #tmobile and #ATandT are historically the worst cell phone companies anyway?
haha dnt rush it so much
wow are you getting to the webcasts dont miss out be there they are free free...... ; }
just googled myself
ok I thought so lol wheres your picture of you ??
Yes! And great job on Maher tonight! RT The idea that language is living means it can change! (cc: )
why should it be aired?? It should be expected of schools to teach students the importance of education. So many schools do this.
So excited for for the WORLD PREMIER of TURKEY DAY tonight at the BARE BONES FESTIVAL!
cool do i want my number
at the #NABOB Awards w/ Soror Soledad O'Brien, Fantasia, Chrisette Michelle, Regina Belle, Dr. Bobby Jones, and Sherri Shepherd!
I think I would like 2 support U but I haven't heard a responce 2 the troubling Chinese client commercial.. Your thoughts?
One of my least favorite things to catalog: Hair.
by : I still don't understand the thinking by Danny here. Powe knew his role, hit the boards, played great D, solid guy(..)
called damn near everybody in ma phone y'all suck!!
Bowling today at the REACH outing on the team. Still cheering for the team!!
u damn rite
Welcome new followers and Nice to tweet you!
Wanna grab some dinner while you're here?
My band is playing at in SF tonight to celebrate the release of our first CD. Doors at 9 PM, $7.
Whitey's returned to Boston before since running from the FBI. What he told agents on #7News at 11.
love the way you use your voice, man! Keep up the good work!
Are you going to the NYU Summer Publishing Institute in June?
How does the waiter forget my food cuz his ahift is over.
you're 45 minutes late....... I've been trying to call you for 30 minutes....... -______-
#IfObamaWasARepublican the GOP would have no issue with him. They would admire how he continued Bush's wars & other mess
running the board for the game at the Abbotsford Heat on Game 3 of a 5 game series with Ads down 2-0.
its my bday
im bored...therefore i shall reactivate my facebook. lmao just for today though :)
Down at 4th and Townsend streets there is currently a yellow train car labeled Wonderland: A New York Eden Musee, full of strange wonders.
why cant my coffee be tequila?
hey, you're a jerk!
u must sleep a lot..
thinks it's sad she has to put on her glasses to look across a restaurant while waiting for her dinner date.
We're so close to 2,000 likes. Thank you everyone, please help us get there. Also, you can follow us on twitter if you like
spent the afternoon in the city council chambers at #Chicago City Hall for pre-proposal for Michael Reese redevelopment site
...50 million dollars and lost a twenty dollar bill. :S
If you're chasing $AAPL ask yourself, "What's the next totally new sub $500 device they can come up with?" ...... (crickets chirping)
Dreams are illustrations... from the book your soul is writing about you. - Marsha Norman
UC Building Rhode Island HRC YMCA St Matthews Cathedral Connecticut California Pizza Kitchen Men tossing dough en espanol Tortilla Soup Back
As a laid off photojournalist, I feel like the president of the buggy whip makers' guild.
I am not, nor have I ever been, Sarah Phillips.
Will the #Yankees make it? AccuScore Launches Beta for First Social Game SKL LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sports buffs can challenge the
Don't mistake my kindness for weakness.
NO MOLD to BAKE YOUR CAKE !!!!!!
going to check this book out!
Hope is a waking dream. And you are my dream :')
Happy Monday! How did you do over the weekend with the #HCG Diet and #weightloss???
she's your #1 fan
Hi! Cold? Or is that a phone ringing?
Thanks, Jeffrey :) End boredom, wonder ceaselessly.
Catalog shoot for the next two days.
Ugh. Oh well, can't complain ... 1st place last year, 3/4th this year. Decent ROI. Right, ?
we are a cat friendly profession.
#fridayreads Fallen (Karin Slaughter), very good so far. Lately I have not-finished more books than finished. Is it me or the books?
Quantifying marketing effort results is key! Feeling like something is working isn't really a good way to do business.
I just had beer go through my nose ;)
I want a freaking bike and insirt a seat for baby Bella! Oh yes...
This is actually gettin funny that this sub doesnt know how to NOT TALK!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Marilyn Monroe, Elvis Presley and John Lennon.
Eating an entire rack of babyback ribs >
sounds so much like me....
This game score just made me smile..I'm not an okc fan but I hate the lakers
At the Biltmore hotel Oklahoma city card show
I have guy problems-_-
I'm all for knowing how to survive something going wrong, but these people are asking for it.
Hi, ! Thanks for the kind words. If you're interested in the chambray button up, call 312 440 0720 and ask for Lela!
Pizza hit has a pizza that has a hotdog in the crust..
I was tryin to hurry and finish catching fire. And then me, and started talking.
A friend will decide today whether to look for greener pastures.
i just ate all your candy canes
Great time speaking last night at Univ. of West GA for King Day Celebration. The students, faculty and administrators were great.
Mall today >>
We are all #cheeseheads tonight.
Would you like your product/company highlighted through out social media? Email our social media rep for more information brandi
I also had run-ins with Aziz Ansari and Michael Cera.
I usually don't care what other fans say. Some people call them obnoxious, I just call them passionate.
You're so ugly when you lie.
Got to triple up the socks today!
Nothing like a little music to motivate and to move you. Who is on your playlist today??
ugh my phonw fell in water and we are the only family in the world that doesnt have rice to put it in so it can dry ugh im going crazy
What am i gonna do :(
In session by Laramie County CC on their online proctored testing env't built on Respondus LockDown Browser and Tegrity.
Oft used: Thank-yous
"Why do you still love me?" "Why is a madman mad?" - J. Massenet, 'Werther,' Act II
hey girl
I love the feeling of buying things for the people I care about <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>
It was! Tons of fun, I just wanted to make sure that I didn't walk past you and not say hi!
you should. First you forget my birthday, and then I'm not your best friend <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Ikr lol I don't get it....
RT : Nice. RT : The 49ers have agreed to terms with QB Alex Smith on a multi-year contract.
If there is a clown in there when I go to the bathroom, there will be a dead clown in there when I leave.
You Know The Truth So Don't Sweat Whatever. It's None Of Your Business What Anyone Thinks Or Feels About You.
Judicial discipline view: history of Code encouraged blind campaign comm; how will judge rebut presumption of knowing value of contributions
Connecticut tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764>
Read my harry pink lips
Wouldn't it be AMAZING???
Don't know how I missed this...but thanks! It was fun!!
Angrey tryna colab wit any and everybody get at us
Thanks for the follow, Giovanni!
Hey, thanks for coming today! :) Also to Azuah! I don't know her Twitter, but haaayyy.
All of my dreams are in a British accent.
nice! Well, if you're interested in playing some beer darts let me know.
This is true ": I must admit that Arizona has nothing to really do out there, but their women are sexy AF"
The Youthquake These Days Kisses!
Almost finished with THE ABSOLUTE AT LARGE, Karel Capek. Hilarious and oddly prescient social spec fic.
everyone is at a bonfire tonight... i want one!!
Wow Pedro being pretty candid about his decision to leave Boston
Play at your own risk!
Ima start being genuine with females more than usual
great idea!!
It's almost always sunny, but I still whine when it's occasionally overcast and cool.
so far so good. Thanks for asking. I'm loving the weather and the people have been great!
Show this Saturday at Swayze's with some awesome bands! Please come and see our brand new set and members!
if u are see this .. tell ur friends about us.. we love ppl.. thanks!
yeah I was jumping on it
#Madison bus was 15 min late. Still managed to get me to work only 5 min. behind schedule #nice! Hope the cyclist we hit is ok. ;)
I have to give a speech on monday
Hi! Did I just see you in a Swiffer commercial?? Or was it your look-a-like?
“: It is not my damn birthday you idiots I have said on air and on line that I was born on March 11th., 1975.” happy birthday
"I'm sorry i wasn't good enough but i'm the only person i know how to be"
Sitting here doing homework drink coffee... NBD... :D
“: Nah fam cant roll with the Spurs. watching them is like watching an episode of Murder she Wrote.” ~ lol
<U+FFFD> There is no more lovely, friendly and charming relationship, communion or company than a good marriage. <U+FFFD> Martin Luther
I can get professional color if you want me to do it. :)
Doing pretty good enjoying some down time and watching the Stanley cup :)
Jewish Culture Week @ SF Hillel launched today w/Abby Porth discussing circumcision debate. Events planned all week. Check www.sfhillel.org
need my cup of coffee. It's back to the studio. 20 days til fashion week- I may honestly have a panic attack this morning- or just a bagel
I've read our social media policies front to back. I'm not that paranoid.
OR come to Paseo Verde Lib tomorrow @ 10 for Create a Resume using NV Career Information System class. Make the most of this free resource!
If that doesn't tell us something...what will?
what the hell is going on there today?? looks like i missed an epic get together….
way to go. i have a good 25 to shed.
I hope someone puts This Is Spinal Tap on a loop all day tomorrow.
omg let me her number tho ! Aha ;D
Are you wanting to do 1 or 2 5-gallon batches. That will determine the amount of time needed.
#improvefilmtitlesbyaddinginmypants Rocky in my pants / Alien in my pants / Transformers in my pants
I'm shocked...there's no preacher or choir?
yeah, im changing my password after school..
i hate having to ignore sum1 because theyre talikn bout sumn im NOT interrested in...but i will!!!
One of these days Mike Carey is going to poke an eye out
I got called 'Jonathan' today by someone who got me confused with Jonathan Small. Maybe we are a post-racial society?
sympathy pains my behind! Hmf!
Steve Jobs built the world's first digital blue box! Did you know this, ?!
I love that , , and the sharks live tweet while watching the show.
NOW I understand why contract vehicles get to charge 10+% for priming the contract. All these certifications for gov procurement are nuts!
Peter lamb and the wolves raleigh
Yes! Mo is definitely the greatest closer of all time!
i got cd! #bumpin mrs.jetsetter
Why is Lydia so fucking amazing?
Do you know how to identify authentic chenille? It has lines of stitching visible on the underside of the fabric.
First you got Then Now is and Take care of my peeps in SD! :)
With running and taking requests and tweeting, when do you have time to have a pen pal?
Safe travel to all the athletes coming to Vegas today for the All-American JUCO Showcase! We'll see you soon!
>.< Am I the only person that owns every single Happy Potter movie? xD
i hate to say this, but the does a nice job on their april fools' issue
Strike 4. And only one called a strike. Cashner is too fast.
Anyone have a stat on how much more expensive children's e-books are in iBookstore versus as third-party e-book apps in iTunes?
Get your business noticed! is offering 10% first month SEO or social media campaign that starts by June 1.
RT Is there something you want said in particular? ": Say something" /// I like positive talk
I've neva been in twitter jail :).
So who has the better team for the Home Run Derby? The AL or the NL?
Dreams do come through. Most of mine have.
visual of open linked data sets which are linked to other linked data sets - 295 and growing!
Good luck with that. :-)
California here i come.. Oh how i have missed you so!
lets tan after school tomorrow
Umm guys I love Davy and all but we don't need him coming on and making this comeback any harder.
Note to self: next time the weather says "scattered showers" wear rainboots because apparently scattered showers means giant thunderstorm...
#TheBestThingAboutThanksgiving = stuffing! And having my family around my table, of course!
Now ex #Badgers PG Jordan Taylor on George Marshall: "George should be able to step right in and help [Wisconsin] not miss a beat next year"
Great interview with Gaga
Looking for some other solid sports sponsorship/sports digital folks to follow. Any suggestions?
My son, Black White Latino, Future
Well said, Michael RT : Thank a vet today and really anytime you run into one.
New video clip for "Steal A Car" is up. Next week's video is "What Would the DOOSH Do? (WWTDD??)
Neil, thanks for the RT on my sone in the navy!!!
It sucks more than anything when ur best Friend forever calls u a whore..
I like your new twitter pic chloe
Meditation is a muscle we develop for focus; it's enhanced by having people in environment who value focus, silence, peace, grace
a tallynackle .. She had a , IT'S A DICK ON DA PHONE SHE HAD A DICK ON DA PHONE
oh well what song did u sing
Captured parts of Bob Lucas's "Tapping the Brain for Learning" ASTD South Florida presentation on ;
Redding, CA is indeed the closest in-n-out to Seattle. 2 cheese burgers animal style. Solid. next tweet from Sac-town
I saw the compilation album at Starbucks this AM. I am curious yet hesitant. Mahna-Mahna by The Fray?
yeah I'm super stoked. I'll definitely let you know how it is!
OMG. Florida this is RE-DIC. High of 86 today and so humid my papers are soggy. Gimme some holiday weather would ya!?!?
I do love them a lot hahaha :)
Do you do Fitness exercises or like go to Zumba?
How many tweets does it take to get on somebody's nerves...?
Yo, my names Justin Bieber and I like it in the ass, give me a talent test, I will never pass
But incubus was dope!
you're the one that's supposed to be drying my tears; not the one causing them...
Hi ;D
You know what would make me really happy, if you said HAPPY BIRTHDAY to me on Friday,I just really want you to make it special
I honestly do not not know for sure. Call Dan Fox of the Pirates is my guess.
Thanks for a great weekend, and ! Awesome job by ! Looking forward to seeing you guys in Texas
#truestory RT : Always a good day when the ACC defeats the Big East, way to go Wolfpack.
#allergies...... I hate you.
I hate when blogs have links in them that don't open up a new window. Awful for your blog and for viewer.. Makes me not want to visit again.
President Obama doesn't mention "60 Minutes" at STOCK ACT signing ceremony. Reason why bill is on his desk: "60 Minutes" segment last yr.
How r ya?
...jaden? JADEN SMITH? you know him? you like him? follow & tweet his army ! <3
Baltimore Algebra Project: "Fund Education, not Youth Jails."
#FF Our fab Spring Opening supporters
Gonna have your next variety called "The Thelonious Monk"? ;)
You asked for 'em: Grenada Chocolate Company, Gotta Eat Sweets, 2 Chicks with Chocolate + Dina's Organic Chocolate are all in stock now!
I need a woman in the streets! porn star in bed! If you suck it ima eat it! now make them legs spread.. & give me room for head!!!
Happy Independence Day ~ Be Safe
I Hate You ! Seriously !
Need website building software. Using GoDaddy but don't want to use their templates. Suggestions?
Cathy Hughes was empowering and motivating, Loved the small bizness event sponsored by Verizon! I am more pumped than ever!
Who's coming to see " Once On This Island " at Papermill with me? That is my SHOW.
sing it lady- I'm ready to toss the whole thing.
New on tweet
Brew Dr. Kombucha is now available at Lillian's Natural Marketplace in Gresham!
Interesting ideas this morning on libraries, archives & museums collaborating.
As expected, rain picked up and went bye bye. At least they're consistent. Who needs tv when it's raining anyway?
that was a long inning
yes we do well 30 sandwich minimum to drive to you :)
Sorry, we are looking for a minimum length of 50 minutes. Good luck though!
yikes! That couldn't have been fun!
Clarksville, Tn tonight!!! The Warehouse, doors @ 8pm. Come show some love!!!
"No news is good news."
yes, pack for all of that. It's MN.
SO much going on this year! Global is just the tip of the ice berg - but an AWESOME tip!
That's my vision! I read that somewhere too. Can't remember either. I have some articles about it, might be in there.
Oh and my last tweet also applies to name droppers. Seriously shut up.
Pros and Cons... I'll never see that movie
no. but I'm nowhere near perfect.
: I'm starting In the Blood this weekend. Thanks for being inspirational to an aspiring author!
Yep, this is just me!
getting javy guerra's ass out of the closers role!
About to join the first Leadership Series Webinar. Looking forward to a great conversation!
Thanx, bud. Really appreciate it!
Mode of the Day! Scale from the 5th degree or Harmonic Major is a Mixolydian b9. Use over a Dom7 b9, 13
next time I'm back in the Bay area--we've had a great group of teachers we've been working with in Dinuba.
OH NO The Brewer's Art, MtVernon will b closed this Sun. 4 Super Bowl
HERES TO ALL Admit it, at least once in our life we have all tried to balance the light switch between the on and off position.
about to go get foodz lol. U?
how's everyone's #NaNoWriMo going so far? I wrote out a bunch of longhand and had to count the words manually :P
wander with me yoooooooooo, it's all for free
Pictures and video from todays pep rally is coming soon.
Durant would have NEVER passed that ball to Perkins/Ibaka,
Thanks, will do!
On train to nyc, in quiet car; woman in seat in front of mine is using _The Craft of Research_ as she sorts notecards and reads a 2nd book.
I'm so out of shape
We look forward to having you back RT : My boyfriend and I had a great time! We'll be bringing his mom back in...
Clay is wired for sound on NFLN replay of the game. .I could listen to that all damn day.
Yes. Unfortunately, our new gatekeepers Google and Amazon mean that this is not entirely under our control.
I mean ya he's hot bt I like thr songs ... And I'm nt scene or emo I just like that kind of music
Happy New Year to you as well!
happy birthday to you! It's a good day to be alive.
What about them Celtics baby ;-)
We're having our 6th rehearsal this sunday auditioning a second guitar player...should be interesting...We'll be taking photos...stay tuned
yep! Josh is kicking off round 2 singing Imagine.
Thanks. Added to wishlist. I learned a lot from The Power of Habit & The Willpower Instinct.
I feel pretty lucky in that way. With Jeff Tweedy at top of that list.
i cnt wait untill we go to yale next month !!
Rosetta Stone acquired. Let the learning begin!
well what's your favorite college team?
I ordered the club sandwich, I don't know how I got away with it because I'm not even a member.
agreed!! So many changes to deal with at once, otherwise
haha oh snap! I can't stand the mystery and suspense!!
no not personally. But I know who he is and I like his music :-)
Our Congresswomen Norton on hand promoting a safe DC and statehood.
um quick reminder... ITS FREAKKYY FRIDAY! you always be freak- A- leakin
Now heading to dance and I am herring ready to kill it #hardcore hehe u got that
wait so were they massive back then as well? Or they just fat when they had to swim?
amen to that
yes I will
Back atcha! Let's DO THIS!
thank you. Much appreciated.
oh God here comes the teasing! ;)
Me and Mayra would get so frustrated and stuff when we would mess up (x
Cutting off voucher programs is not the same as cutting welfare programs for poor people. Vouchers are mostly discounts for rich.
It's 11pm. Why am I watching a show about ice cream?
what are you majoring in?
I want to Skype call someone.
Congratulations to McKinley and Partners who finished their Phase I Salesforce build this week. McKinley is a company that buys distressed…
When I watch BET I feel like ah nigga
Tina Fey and Jimmy Fallon opening at the NBC Upfront. Now the network is saying 30 Rock may not end next season.
f u
I agree. It would force Wisconsin to schedule better opponents. Why go to Madison & pay for South Dakota and UTEP?
thanks Taylor!
And those secrets shall be exposed! When the time is right. Fuck whatcha heard.
lost my hard drive cable. perfect.
Like fireworks? This year, fireworks will be Friday and Saturday only at 10:30pm!
thx for taking him from texas
That high? : Mitt Romney approval rating at 6 percent with gay dogs.
'Cameroon is bigger than the government' Dr. Gerald Tanyi
I thought you weren't allowed within 200 yards of any primary school.
Yeah,! I saw the thing you posted about drinks at the planetarium or observatory (can't remember which), which sounds rad.
Real housewives of nj cracking me up.
'Dinosaurs Unearthed' offers stay-cation destination - Reminder Newspapers
after searching 78 pages in the #1940census and NOT finding my grandfather's family in Springfield, MO, i have to get back to grumping,
that's a lot of work. And it's fairly warm. I got Scotch too. Options are good.
okay you're right
Mall memo warning about gang activity unfounded in Rome, police say - Rome News Tribune
depends on where you're going. You look nice in a button up though!
Its time.
&#9828; Protect your Children
Really enjoy you color posts as I research the history of painting and pigments...I may have questions.
today is gonna be one of those days......sigh...
this class is super easy omg. is the study hall int he band room again?
feel you deo
It'd be cool if I could sleep...
hey baby
sent in my Trainwreck application last night! Hoping I get picked !
I'm going big bro! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> want me to sneak you
what up?, wanna get in touch to get some music for a new signee, u have a contact?
that shit was amazing.
So glad to be back to a routine. Snow days kept the kids at home with us, meaning nothing got done and everyone caught cabin fever.
Somehow, I got the day off work today which works out perfectly because now instead of Friday, it's Brewday.
It makes them not terrorists.
I love me some boxes.
Badass is the first thing that most people think of when they think of me.
-Thanks for following. The best of luck with Nipce!
please tell me Adaptation is in your top 10? (even if it's not)
Hang in there, you only have 8 more hours to go!
just wanna say that i feel you on converting, saw you last month supporting xoxo! muah!
As much as I love education teaching my adorable 2nd grdrs..wish I had a one day a week option to work from home!:/
Support homeless pets every time you search the web or shop online! Visit GoodSearch to learn more. It's super easy--and of course we'd...
that's actually a really good pic!
Haha. Maybe. I can do both. As long as its positive. Arguments and issues though should always be handled verbally though.
A man cant directly choose his circumstances but he can choose his thoughts & so indirectly yet surely shape his circumstances NHill
Was pulling hard for the Ravens. Their o-line looked pretty bad. NE got pressure rushing 3. Gotta go oline in draft, right?
We just said our ages in class... And I realized its me and 3 other people that are 20 years old in this class... I need to get outta dade!
"If I don't care, why can't I get him off my mind?" So many lyrics haunting me!
thanks, dude. :)
best song
Thanks to YOU, Heather!
Nice day outside... Now I know some of yall women finna bust it open
Off to see the #brewers from the AirTran Airways Landing Zone in right field. Perhaps will stop by to say hi!
Detroit lions requested he re-enlist in draft so they know who 2 draft : Ochocinco on Patriots chopping block?
right it took foreverr
makin some sweet bass lines !!!! :)
{ CALL STEVE CAUSE HE GONNA TELL YO LIL ASS SOME REAL SHIT YOU NEED A LIFE KIM CAN'T BELIEVE YOU....
I still can't to this day <U+2639> RT : Oh, you believe in equality? Please, demonstrate your independence by opening this pickle jar.
I helped make a robot automatically aim and shoot baskets, started a star trek parody, and temporarily had my hair braided.
Ted says no.
All of the food churches and charities provide to hungry and poor people in the U.S. amounts to only about 6% of what the fed gvmt...
I hate American idol now
I think knows of an $ assessment in FL, but its is heritage tourism as a whole
is still looking for experienced #Unix #Systems #Engineers for an exciting company in #Seattle. Strong #networking skills essential.
I just had a co-worker ask me how many grams are in a pound. I didn't ask why, I don't want to know.
my mom bought them for me and i didnt notice the brand til my aunt said she liked them lol
Working on quantum physics, photoelectric effect, photon and wave particle duality. :)
New Web Series Lets Black Women Talk The Harlow Project, a website dedicated to women and people of color, is slated to begin its latest,
I don't understand why teachers decide to pack all the homework and projects on when it's the last 2 weeks of school
This is exactly why I need a Wawa.
She want that already....
@ AAlcondez >> GREETING DEAR FRIEND
So because some people wanna hate on the jacuzzi pix of me thats up here on Facebook. Im going to start a smash or pass album.
the slippers would look hot in the calendar...but you gotta find a matching hat to go with them for a winter month.
I agree! I never want to do that!! I love basketball too much to stop it. The game must go on.
I hope to come to Brazil :-) <3
playing black ops :) gunna eat lunch pretty soon! Subscribe to my youtube!
I always have a little panic attack when it takes me more than thirty seconds to find my shoes in my dance bag.
You have to let people go. Everyone who’s in your life are meant to be in your journey, but not all of them are meant to stay.
Im ready to get this class done so I can meet with my group.
look for us! :)
Waking u up w/ overnight news, weather+traffic get u out the door on time NOW music to start ur day smiling:) let's start w/
Art Does Not Apologize!!!
30 minutes until show time ... get your last-minute mail in now #Indy:
"if you cant handle my worst, you aint gettin my best"
RT : What up man, good meeting ya. See ya in Aruba.// My dude!! Likewise fam!!, Man we're gonna clown out there!!
i don't like pink, I LOVE IT!
Must have been frustrating that everyone wanted to naturalize, essentialize & dehistoricize handwriting. You kept your cool!
one of the best movies of the year. Great drama, suspense, and mood.
so many people have said "you deserve better" to me that now, it just annoys me .
He's too sick dude ha
My life is boring
:) not his new stuff
I think #6 pretty much sums it up
Thank you so much beautiful. Still getting used to it ;-) : #NF Welcome to Twitter! :
Does anyone have a theology quizlet?!
It should be <DZ
Love your site. Not only is the content amazing but the yellow/black/white style is great. Let's chat sometime!
Is running on empty today....
Guys and Dolls... AWESOME!!!
Wow really Beno make the free throws
Drawing from Ancient Sumeria(Southern Iraq) and working it into my novel.
i didn't know what to expect and that album definitely changed how I approached my writing and to be abit "fun" with it.
Booyah! Google News Badge for Human Rights.
Wrote a new sing last night I believe it one of three fast tempo songs We have
We are anthesis of 21 century immediate pleasure at the pub we already forgot about twitter only 1 month since we began twitter. My bad. Hi!
-honey hate to break it to you but, the only reason you have so many likes on your facebook pictures is because your boobs are hanging out!
RT : Yay !! Successful & then some Kickstarter for 'I'll drown my book'! Thank you!!!
I've really got to find out who is on the Kardashian PR team bc they're media monsters! tv, twitter, magazines sheesh. well done
Dear #AppleCare extended warranty, you just saved me from buying a new hard drive. And time machine will save me time backing things up!
Can't Sleep : /
is it 5:30 yet? I need some La Tuna real bad. Also, I'm crazy jealous of my parents for taking off to Marfa for the weekend. Hip old people!
Don't forget statement lip for this holiday season!
Chicago sports radio is going to be a special treat today
Loving the balmy weather in the 40's-50's
“: . One for the history books #gaymarriage” AMEN Sister!
“: A #Sagittarius fear nothing & at times are attracted to danger”.
There are idiots on the left and the right and somewhere along the line they learned how to use a keyboard.
lol no one is sweeting anything special
Colton on american idol is everything I've ever wanted in a man! (:
Matthew knows exactly what im going thru right now. he knows this pain hurts, why cant you ? ;c
Hilarious. Just like undergrad.
Dear mom, if you give away one more thing about my dress to adam, I will glue your mouth shut.
I can't send you a direct message unless you are following me. Can I get you my email address another way? Thank you!
Thanks to everyone who tweeted about our food drive! Kicks off 2day, 3 non-perish items gets a free med iced or hot coffee!
Schwinn Tourist Hybrid Bike | Schwinn Road Bikes
i'll have to celebrate with a post workout pbj
Feeling close.. Hahah
Thank you for the recommendation. We'd love to host your stay. Let us know if you have any questions for us!
I'm coming within the first couple weeks now that I know that....
stop trying to cause conflict. u have a "Hey Lebron, how does my dirk taste?" t-shirt that u used to wear religiously.
I would, however, like to work at a place that would put me up in a $30 million London home. I think I deserve it. :)
YES! Drives me crazy! E and I discussed yesterday. Should get Restasis and switch all messaging to be a commercial for that!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY OF M.O.E. !!! TONIGHT WE CELEBRATE AT !!! COME BUY HIM A FEW SHOTS !!
come to our open house for prospective students this Saturday at 11AM, Room 610, Pratt Manhattan Campus (144 W. 14th St. NYC)
This week or next would be great - just give me a shout. Also, did you revamp your website recently?
so i'm actually not leaving Monday and will be here for a little while...we should do it up
- sitting at the kitchen table eating hella ice ! im addicted !
I have the weirdest dreams
she doesn't look TOO old. Maybe like 30 or something. Lowww thirties..
how do I get tickets
You know I like to share :) Odd time to be up on the coast. Allgood out there?
Fuckin hate Steve Blake now.
damn...I made sure to not wear protection...
lmao yeah, you kinda inspired that tweet even though your not my man. But dnt worry, I will never say that again lmfaooo
Just ate yummy breakfast Best cinnamon toast ever!
Have a #safeflight1D :) Coming to the US<3
I'm with small teams, intimate work environments, solving quirky, interesting problems-big or small.
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to your posts!
A lot can get held up by insurance - if you prospective buyers need home insurance, let us know. We'll get you squared away.
#BOYFRIENDReview 's voice sounds so amazing. It really is the kinda song that gets better every time u listen to is. I love it.
S/O To You For Loving Your JetSetters (:
Really? That's great! Follow up in what way?
i hate being ignored
Today we're talking about postmodern identities on the internet. My students have so many smart thoughts!
Before I believe in you and me, before I let my heart go free, tell me that you want me like I want you.
Give it to is raw and wiggling
Wow. That is amazing!! Blessings to you friend
This weeks Shout! Weekly will feature FURIOSITY in the music section. We are excited! Read it at your own discretion!!!
What a sad loss. RT : The #LaThtr community has suffered a tragic loss today. R.I.P. John Bisom
when u comin to peep my place out
I miss those days when you responded to my tweets. Your advice is always the gnarliest and I miss it.
Hey my love!!!! long time no talk! RT : yooooo homie
Wow, guess RS is out. Romney's campaign must be pulling all their adds as we speak.
yes sir! I am gonna give him a call this week. Thank you, very much appriciated!
2nd Best Selling Book of all time - Quotations Of Chairman Mao - The Little Red Book - The Bible is the Bestselling book in history
#sotellmewhy girls are so bitchy.
can't stand terrible grammar
harsh. the cavs are on the comeback trail. 2-3+ yrs of being really bad and they might be mediocre again!
Yeah right!! Loving the Mets and now a Hockey fan!!!
I have been ok, good to hear from u!
If you have a valid copy of Windows, you may want to go the dual boot (via boot camp) on the mac. More stable than virtual box.
Some people were dropped as baby's. But "you" were thrown in the air, smacked by the ceiling fan, and tossed out of a window."
when the E40 guy said E40 omg
I gotta fart
Happy New Year!
aye I really did Hirt my wrist and I need the cast..
what you doing down there?
#beefjerkygirl is what the sub called me. O.
cuz she'll kick anyones ass who tries to take it away. Williams SMASH!
Had a ridiculously great customer service experience with #ThePeoplesMOVMT Thanks guys.
good luck!!
provides incredible services for #LGBTQ youth -- excited to celebrate & raise $$ tonight to help continue the work we do!
Happy Birthday to my boy !!
Congratulations on your new role at the Jack Welch Management Institute as Dean
Our pleasure!
I just added you... tom at twittername dot net is what's showing on the screen
Thanks for the feature! Quick correction - photo is from our dig led by Dave Gadsby but the hand is archaeologist Adam Fracchia.
Anyone interested in a story about how geology affected the outcome of the bloodiest Civil War battles? I have a source.
My name sounds famously perfect?
Waxed my hockey stick with a scented candle. If you smell apple pomegranate coming at you, get ready.
Just got my Ashes
Yes I know it will go by fast.
“Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn’t.” <U+2015> Erica Jong
I might cut my bangs! But not brown.. Well not on me haha
that's not his name so maybe that's a different kid haha.
RT Looking for a VIP Host in Las Vegas? Check out
They fucking ruined my day, I'm so mad!
Called this from day one. JP was the most talented in the competition from start to end. Natural superstar. Props.
Just connected the dots. The random tall kids that come over every other weekend & on holidays are probably Tads.
Thanks for following
"I don't see why I should give my new music to iTunes or anyone else. They won't pay me an advance for it." ~ Prince, about his new album
Happy Earth Day! #EarthDay :)
We provide a wide range of communicating tools & publications developed by Dr. Paul Mok. He was inspired by the Swiss psychologist Carl Jung
Pulled their ads at halftime
I'm so glad Cher brought us together! She has done so much without even noticing. It's been great tweeting with you.
already at practice
If I were a man I would be scratching my balls right now
You know you in the library to long when you think its night time and when you step outside it's still sunny.
We are open Saturdays from 9 to 4! Come over for breakfast or lunch tomorrow.
So tired of fighting, I just wanna be happy. Lord please lead the way.
Not wanting to go back to school yet. Wanna live the #sc2 life always!
Nice. Apparently I need to proofread my tweets more carefully.
Politics is a team sport?! If you "took one fr the team" then shut up about it. Don't say it's a mistake now, Santorum!
Why am I even awake??
A specific class action website provides class members with all the details they want to know, and costs less than mailing all the details.
My REM sleeps have been hitting when I'm s'posed to be getting up, making actually getting out of bed extremely difficult
They're serving Stella Artois at tomorrow for SD premiere of Honestly I was expecting PBR tall boys in paper bags.
That's why I don't respect Pac. Stand by your junk if you're gonna feel that way. Right or wrong. Stand by it.
its crazy how outa all three of these pple im wit and only is following. dont even follow.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
if they haven't seen it, they should. Renoir's best
I got #brewers #packers and #dexter all in one day
i cant get in trouble for this, me and mateo did nothing wrong. we were doing detective work.
to be fair, their outside receivers were terrible each year. Rice and BMW will command the ball. And Carlson.
Long time no talk world...Some pretty exciting things are going on right now...To Be Continued
cook out with the family. compliments to the asian chef. nom nom
I hope to get this fix soon. Stop by and read todays story TRUTH BE TOLD__NLD EYE OPENER. NLD Mom/cancer survivor
once again thanks everyone who came to my cam on friday it was amazing if you missed it ill be recording my music on youtube videos
10th hour in the studio. feeling delirious.
I'm surprised the FAGfactory hasn't joined yet.
Gave my Mayer Hawthorne tickets to a friend tonight. Missing that fun show for a good reason though ;)
Mobile Meals
Turns out I may not be able to make #THOTCON this Friday. Anyone want to buy my ticket at face value ($95) ?
I'm so proud of you bubby! Never forget that! I love you!
I should of went to Mazies this morning & got me French Toast & all bacon.
I hear ya except I can't because we r here
The Cult Release For The Animals Video Recap
Good morning! What are you going to do for yourself today?
Ladies come see me this Sunday for all your facial and waxing needs
yeah so I'm pretty sure that I like your covers more than I like the original song. Haha
come to San Diego and visit me :( or do something in San Diego where we can see you <3
I think he can be an American Marine quite fine without one. Mummy = Freak or Unique? (w thanks to )
It's game time kids! O-H!
When is Apple going to buy Words with Friends? I'll then be able to put an i in front of any word to make a new word.
I seriously hate my sister, she hasnt eveen been home for a week and she is ticking me off, and shes not going back to school for another
Why do people get mad BC youre making new friends.
Overheard in NYC park: Guy telling friend about his "parallel journey."
When I say just kidding, I'm usually not
You can make your own happiness. It is a habit best practiced often
Joe superstar!!!!! So cool to see you guys doin your thing!! I'm back in Syd soon... Must see you!! :)
I need new music in my iPod
that's one of my favorites! right after blown away and black cadillacs.
no i just tweet about stuff that interests me, why?
Leaving for the Last Frontier in a few minutes here. Alaska, not space. Space is the Final Frontier.
Creating change.
Quick! Dude was having a seizure! Was that dancing?
you don't need me to have a heart to heart :(
So glad you were introduced to us! Thanks !! :)
Yes, globally competitive workforce. That's our buzzword at Ivy Tech!
Just landed in Dallas, TX... let the learning & some fun begin. B.A.M! Will be heading to San Fran shortly.
Welcome, and thanks for following us. Hope you'll find our historical tweets interesting!
The sweat shirt you wore last night, do you mind telling me where you got it?(:
I like to think that when Kelsey Grammer is frustrated, he angrily mutters "tossed salad and scrambled eggs!" That's for you,
Its bout to go down me and my husband be on some extra freaky ish wiw my mind and body stay gone I love it lol night tweeps!
We are looking for suggestions on where to host the Homework Help program for the Spring Semester... Please send me your suggestions
This school year went by oh so fast.
My sis is moving back in a month!
what the chance you get up and play a couple with Tool at River's Edge Music Fest!? I may pee myself a little if you do...
that's it ... Henry Rodriguez is the absolute worst. THE *WORST*
Tomorrow is my last voice lesson at AMDA!!!! waaaaahhh!!!!!!!
For sure!! : Entrepreneurs do The Shark Tank Shuffle every day. It's called analytics, metrics, and WIIFM answers.
thanks for listening, have a good weekend!
I be steady getting paper you can call me dunder mifflin
Look at this stuff, isn't it neat? Wouldn't you think my collection's complete? Wouldn't you think I'm the girl, the girl who has everything
what a quincidence ( I think that's how its spelled ?)
~Good morning! Sounds like a great day!:-)
This is the best birthday surprise!!! My dearest friend/roomie's sis/my sista from anotha mista/partner in crime haha is in LA!!
What are your favorite holistic remedies for treating a cold?
Can't say I told ya so.. Don't be too salty
Hi Terry, are you available for a chat, say around 9:30 AM
They seem to add breadth AND depth to the inhumanity.
Just waking up and headed to the studio. This should be my last day. I hope we finish everything. We have 1 song left to mix plus mastering.
No problem(:
Sitting here enjoying my tree. Happy to have some presents wrapped and underneath it. Finally feeling like Christmas.
- Welcome Jennifer! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
+ the Servant of God James. May his memory be eternal. Requiescat in pace, et lux perpetua luceat ei.
When you know a person you love isn't happy and can't do anything about it <<<<
please for my 2 daughters :-)
Absolutely! My family let me chillax.. Very nice!
Massive Attack is releasing another album in 2010, getting psyched!
Hi, interested in chatting with any of the 30 Israeli companies of economic dev. minister in for #SXSW?
have you tried
I can't make it to work today, my keys are locked in my car, my car is locked in the garage, and my husband is away for the week with th..."
11:08 I haven't cried like this in a long time.
She left the bathroom smelling sour.
I miss my charcoal grill. It's in storage with a good deal of the rest of my life.
Akron Zips, 2011 MAC Champions!
I think he was defeated by the source material on THE ROAD. But I'm usually encouraged by less-prolific directors.
then I got noticed 2 more times than you.
fsho I'm about to come
gotta crawl before you ball
#Small #organic #CSA #farm was place I could get #farming experience, since I wasn't born into #agriculture. - Mark Muller
Beat the Bank in Britain: Top 12 Tips for Saving in 2012
please tell me they at least got u in for canceling ur gig
Sorry for party rockin
thanks for the great write up let us know when your back in town. We start doing brunches soon. Probst!!
Can you do me a favor, Please? xP
Cereal box hat, shoelace necklace? DIY accessories
This has been a tough week. Grateful my wkend starts now. Need mental space & time for my research/writing.
do you not know? I thought you did. whoops! gee to the a to the why!
If I catch you with a "Condo round ur neck" ur not #CashinOut....ur getting robbed!
Damn I love Say Somethin <3 This is going to be my perfect song for summer :)
Started watching Downton Abbey on Netflix. Pretty awesome so far
i love you would you mind following me?:)) <3
Oh my goodness, I thought this was a joke... SIU = jilted lover who'll take back the man who scorned us?
I couldn't agree more.
Live streaming at SMC2012 w/ and the CEO of Edelman. A really great conversation.
Omg yea i'll listen to it later
Are fans still skeptical of the #Orioles. I feel like everyone is still waiting for them to fail. Not that I blame you guys
Fucking come over so we can watch movies and be fat as fuck together.
These dudes love white girls..
are u frech
just kidding :D
When is going to finally change its name to "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous"?
I loved it to be honest.
Did really put a #Cuban flag behind a #PUERTORICAN Fighter? Umm...hello? #Factcheck ? #Facepalm let the controversy begin
Can't smoke weed for 3months #Damn smh
Is everybody still "riding around with that Nina?"..I'll wait.
omg no not the cat
there was a brief moment in a workshop where they brought up pseudo-selectors. I had a quick flashback of you and Skittles ;)
Isn't that what the dimples are for?
RAPIDS TOMORROW WITH MY BROTHER!
my youngest brother always gets the best gifts. hmpf
Yes it did.
Thank you for being part of my life
cool video homie keep grinding
I dunno. Maybe in that fancy instagram border ;)
glad i'm not the only one who has that...
I may as well flush my phone down the toilet.
WOOT! IM READY (;
Your school?
RT : California Adventure is opening a new ride called "The 405" where u sit in a Prius & listen to NPR 4 an hour.
Telling someone how you feel is honestly the hardest shit ever.
Pats, Anything you can do, we can do better!!
Played some old 09 at the bar last night and it was great! :D
Thanks for featuring Baby Got Bock! E'rybody make sure you pick up MKE's top lifestyle mag and see our blurb!
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can can start from now and make a brand new ending
Its sad when u live in a world where #lying #stealing #cheating and #killing is the
THAT WAS SO HILARIOUS.
The rat in the bucket torture method. Straight out of Carter Verone's playbook
i appreciate you brother! Peace.
I wish they still had that "Answer a trivia question, get a nickel in credit" game - that was very useful :-)
"North Carolina Anti-Gay Marriage Amendment 1 Reportedly Written To Protect 'Caucasian Race' " #huffpost Oh, so THAT'S what it's about!
its about time
You better tell em Lena!!! You don't needa take this bullshit no more!!
Still learning life's lessons. I guess it it never stops, huh?
My sister told me what you said about me ...
California is great. Too bad it is bankrupt? How could such a vibrant state self destruct?
The way you cut your meat reflects the way you live. ~Confucius
What did the Yum Ctr give up in exchange for 88% of suite profits? Concession sales?Suites are the name of the gm! W/o those u got nothing!
Damn my mans badge at walgreens said "service member since 1980"..thats loyalty right there.. Wow
Read the original account in Miami Today. It's not any better.
you know it is!!
sweet dreams <3
come on Sori
happy birthday
will you ever follow me,i love you so much <333
Up early or late?
on the phone with my crazy bestie.
So our best friend in crime is working on something sick ! Can't wait to release it!
drop drop...
that is SO creepy
Watching ABC 20/20 on Celebrity Weddings and why some last so short. Interesting! Could be confused between reality and fantasy & money
Follow Me bro. THis Derryk
i DMd u
going to Rutgers for a conference
Is there something about your daily routine that is reinforcing bad habits? Why not create a new routine
peace out had a very good time with the doerfels love them
I used my Maypole Charm pack in a split 9 patch design. Still playing with the arrangement. . bright, beautiful colors!
Yes sir
We all know those are Wall's posts of Cy-Springs bball RT : Must follow if you coach -
#DailyQuote: "The dog represents all that is best in man." - Etienne Charlet
I evaluate the situation first. I don't just blindly support something because it fits my preconceived notions.
My grandmother would love it if I could cheapen her memory by using her death to beg athletes for free tickets
I just became one with my browser software.
#Intel keynote underway. #CES2011 Paul Otellini on stage now
Doesn't get much more beautiful than that...
:-( maybe someday. I'm assuming the timeline rollout is a to a select user group? Cuz I'm not seeing the option to convert
the backend already supports the ability to customize it...bigger changes are also easy. i just need to document it! :)
I should be sleeping...
good memories :)
We're all in the process of ordering our tickets for Portland, and boy is it a pain in the ass.
going on a tweeting rant right about now....
should i just stop?
i love you
San Diego last day to order a March Treasure Box is this Sun! Feeds family of 4 lunch & dinner 4 about a week -menus www.thetreasurebox.org
Thanks bro means a lot
RT : A3: Do your research and if they have a list, find who youre looking for. If youre new, ask someone for intros.
I had Bieber Fever but then i saw Vincent Castronovo and he cured it!:D But Know I have a bigger illnes i Vinny Virus!:D<3
this allergy medication says non-drowsy, but I can't keep my eyes open.
Tell a friend about us and receive $10.00 off
good morning music world. Imma make a front page video just to post on youtube right quick #topofthelineentertainment <TOP O ...
I need anger management
Enjoying the weekend!
": I'd love mornings more, if my mornings started with you."
Hungover in cubicle, at least i got to listen to and help my day go by...
Auditions for our summer show complete...now how to choose between some wonderful talent.
I've gotten SO bad about texting lately. If I've not responded to you or disappeared in the middle of a conversation, I'm sorry.
Love that #Adele is on #60Minutes interviewed by #andersoncooper. She's the
hope u have a happy birfday tomorrow!!! <3
Why do Boston towns have the same names as those in England? I keep thinking cool people are around here sigh
yes, favorite one. We see each other at all the family stuff, which frankly isn't enough! She rocks.
true....but maybe the girl wont let it till you call it off....duh! unless it was the women...then that guy is dumb.....
Is that against NCAA rule? They are basically boosters right?
that was one of the dumbest things i've ever read ever. but hey what can i say about NY it's filled with big dumb idiots
It seems inconsistent for you to say AVID/TAG which uses resources for "only a few" is "OK", but Madison Prep is not
Motivating my Monday to see beauty all around me- no matter what the situation. Its a choice to make everyday!
awe, you and Anthony are so cutee.
Baylor can't possibly win a championship in these HI-LITER jerseys, right?
I see where I am...but God see's where I shall be.
Welcome to da big twelve West Virginia
Woke up with an extraordinary sense of gratitude this morning...extraordinary!
late night bk on a wednesday again
researching for a webdesign project --
HA!!! I was really curious for those few minutes.
you should get him some money then. I could come up on Monday next week at the earliest
Would greatly appreciate an investigation and/or confirmation that this isn't the case!
I have the most wonderful family imaginable. Simply a very lucky girl.
Hashtag of the year
AaAaAawww so cute You're the best of all I love you beautiful MUAAAAAAAAAAAHHH ;)
I would add Fight Club to that list too. So-so book, incredible movie.
": Age is only important if you're cheese or wine!" And happy Friday everyone.
Barbecue today! :)
#ravens working out kyle boller... I like it!!
Surprisingly light turnout for midnight showing of #johncarter. Where are the fanboys? Could it be the $16.50 ticket price?
Don't forget you can record your own video at the #MCN2011 presentations and submit it to our archives for others to see!
Omg I could kiss your face for that second comment!!!
Dear America, Mitt won't detail plans because he'll throw the country on top of the car and roll it off a cliff. Love, Seamus
you will be forever my little kidrauhl!!
thanks David, I appreciate the dialogue and compliment
RT : Senate begins health care debate today & we want to hear your comments!
You only walk once that's the motto nigga YOWO
I heart Jimmy Kimmel!
Well, still in line for registration, so there went my first session!
If you survived the parades, join us and keep the party going until daylight. Who knows who will show up after last night!
My stage name should have a stage name.
Annoy A Yanks fan- Tell him you know why Marilyn Monroe was attracted to both JFK & JoeD - buck teeth. #redsox bit.ly/mightannoy
followed, follow back <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
I think all the lessons I learned from my father were taught by example rather than words.
I don't think i've ever seen an Indian person not wearing a golf polo, even at the gym.
I LOVE Dj A-Meezy <3 RT if you too.
When I was a little girl, I would read for hours & hours on our old wooden bridge over the spring-fed creek..
RIT also saying on John DiTullio Show that men's and women's hockey will start playing in the arena in Fall 2014.
#SomePeopleDont realize that life doesn't last forever
right, you got it.
does anybody even care??
Hey hey, happy Friday afternoon. Just clocked a record number of visitors to this month and hitting the thousands galore. Yay!
I got enough love for Ariana that could last an eternity. :)
There's a method to my madness, and the method is crazy.
dear lord
It's amazing how my "normal" has become driving 2 bodies to the crematorium and wanting to stop at the drive-thru for a drink.
I ran that stupid wheel so you guys had that power for the teen choice award lol
Amy Griffith from Uniontown went to buy some #CamoUndies but couldn't find any? Amy wins tickets from
I shut down my facebook and my twitter pages buy every one..
Beauty halts and freezes the melting flux of nature
Spending the evening sitting outside, eating fine food, sipping wine and talking with our girl, Regi and Yuya. Priceless.
": #ETHIOSOCCER will be held in WASHINGTON DC!!!! JULY 1st - JULY 7th, 2012!!!" Tnx for the love
Damn wade just f'd all them up
on Jeopardy it said on twitter what does this # mean & before I could say annnythinng, my dad screamed HASHTAG. it was great.
I just heard this ten year old lil white kid tell his parents it smells like shit outside wtf
You might be the only one there, Mark! 's is next Tuesday the 20th ;) If he's recovered from the heart-attack he just had.
I'm about to... I'm about to wreck her like how you wrecked that dude
While waiting for the right person, have fun with the wrong one.
There's nothing like a good animal planet session after a good tough day of training!
says the best thing she did in school was to get involved early. Get out there and start working -- prove what you can do
I'm speechless!! All I can do is laugh ...
I wish I could be strong without the scheiße, yeah.
It opportunity doesn't knock, build a door. -Milton Berle
I just got a phone call informing me that I should add Wordpress trainer/evangelist to my resume.
Heard at Labyrinth of Desire "I laughed so hard, I think I peed" LABYRINTH plays thru Sunday 10/3 theatre.sdsu.edu
cause i was bad but im good now
of the morning? Does love shine in your eyes?
<U+E42B><U+E42B>Heading to the Denver vs. Pittsburgh game. <U+E01A> GO BRONCOS!!<U+E42B><U+E42B>
Morning, you can't forget Kurt & Kyle Busch, # 88 Jr. and the Lady Danica
You could win 2 tickets to the First Round of the #NFLDraft this Thursday! Just follow and RT this to enter!
I was working on captions from hummingbird plates, mostly. Gorgeous books, glad they're online!
Power behind partnerships in your target market. Ability to leverage their eBlast list, networks.
Little kids REALLY need to stay off the TTs. Believe it or not, most people don't care who your favorite celeb is.
Vegas is part of the solution! haha
How much did that cost you? Man, now I want sushi.
Good question! I'll ask him.
lakers killing (: best team ever
This could work
i replied
On my way to the Beady Eye concert.
vegans ARE the reason (for all things awesome on this earth)!!
oh I missed that. Did she do it on the View? Maybe I can find it on youtube.
Egan: how to tell non-corporate stories in powerpoint?
Patch printer software? You mean a driver update? Which model?
thanks! love that city :)
Yes on bourbon in Boston, absolutely. That's the finest modification of one of my tweets I can imagine! :)
Tell the Winklevosses to stop giving me the stink eye.
"The truth is a poor competitor in the market place of ideas"...Albert Camus / scary thought that truth often can't compete w/marketing BS
Thank yous all around to our followers, we reached 400 because of you!! and to for featuring our news tweet!!
as long as Giants have a home field advantage in the super bowl I'm happy
Lake Metroparks Farmpark&#39;s to host annual Railroads in the Parks ...
Apparently forcibly poisoning someone isn't an example of
FOTF & ADF why they don't need Mags & Bri from NOM who are busy passing the discrimination plates in NC churches.
CNN Money reported that 43% of Americans have less than 10,000 saved for retirement. What's your financial Plan B?
With Time comes great Power you begin to master your craft. Depends though; #HowBadDoYouWantIt?
Have fun in #Manila. Wishing you guys a #Merry #Christmas & a #Happy #New #Year!
Tonight is jam packed with performances, art making, & Blink! Entire complex open til 10.
OMG!! You've GOT to hear this message! It's just 7 min, but u will love it. Call 800-394-6919. Text me after you hear it. So awesome!
Wednesday Special: 2 hard shell tacos w/ beans & rice. Served w/ drink & our famous chips & salsa:) All for just $7.40w/tax. Come & C us!
I know but people love it here
Came straight to my room & I have a mountain of clothes stacked on my bed. Great ~
Bad call
If reincarnation truly happens, when I die, I want to be reincarnated as one of the gay guys on
writing a story of how we first met and where we stand now in the present. its gonaa be sad :(
Leggings are not pants.
#Verizon 3rd tech visit discovers that the wiring outside has been devoured by squirrels.
damn it hit Houston already
Pierre Elliott Trudeau~ My life is one long curve full of turning points.
#Brewers just need to wake up a little bit. They really need to peak late this year save Marcum and get me a WS!!!
also a lot of IMPATIENT players who feel like they're entitled to play big minutes their first & second year
If you want to give teams home fields in semifinals, the regular seasons must force teams to play tough OOC road games. That must come first
Call all your anti-civ friends on their mom's cellphone to remind them that Tragedy is playing the Ottobar tomorrow.
New 21Jump ST Trailer is a TOTAL FKN embarassment to the original series. FACEPALM x10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
I totally agree. Summer days are here. Let's do a beer garden soon.
Hanging with my papaw :))) Really makes me miss granmommy though
It's not too late to order your 2012 #imprinted #custom calendars. www.BNoticed.com
her random british accent made me die ok
Thanks to everyone who came out for the silent auction & who helped put it together. Thanks
Just loungin' today. Gonna brick it later. Feelin it head to toe!
European banks kept a "most likely to get kicked out of the EU" over/under all this time? The payout must be huge!
Are you working tonight? LMK. We have a warehouse sale event at Long View tonight if you can make it!
she gave me that f me right now look
A great big thanks to all the artists that work with us. Without their music this would not be possible!
dude a 59 is by far way more rare!! Only has happened what 5-6 times ever in PGA history?
Took the kids to see "The Lorax" last night. Alan Cutler was wonderful in the title role.
Steve Jobs is a human being w/ family & friends; he's not just a news story. Think, then tweet.
A day after #BeattheDevil and I'm still under the spell of Gina Lollobrigida's décolletage in 35mm.
no, not a red head, some wigs sometimes
Welcome back to the Brewers organization !
#13Days and you can be our #BOYFRIEND !!!! So excited !!
Went through police check point. Good thing they didn't find the imaginary dead body in the trunk or smell the imaginary pot I just smoked.
Awesome! This week is getting a little nutty for me - any day next week would be awesome, if that works for you?
Gonna start hittin the gym 2mrro yeah buddy!
*crosses fingers*!!!
Surname of the day: Evilsizor.
Like they closed down clark street people can leave, no one can get in
Happy Thursday !! Miss you! Xoxo
Thank you! Hello to Scotland! “: now following cant wait to hear the album! Love from scotland :))”
Me. Nice mustache, dick.
Wow boarding plane w Leslie Chow!!!
sounds good! It's gonna be a long and busy day, but that would be a good way to end it :)
I like it when sounds vulnerable.
its cool bro the 76ers r too the got 1 on us so Wat Smitty we really no watsup
Key can you PM me your email or phone?
That's so freaking cool that packaging
Taking a break from #PealeBCLM to work on a large request. And my office continues to work on #Warof1812 digitization for the exhibit.
Happy Friday!
Did u get ice cream from on of those places?!
haha, thanks! I've just said it again and done a happy dance, because I too, am FINALLY done!
Living in Freemansburg is hell.
no i aint and no i dont
yay! So excited to see you on Wednesday! Looking forward to hearing your new music. I can really relate to some of it lately. :)
I need profile pictures....but self-portraits take so much time. I'll put it on my To-Do List.
21 days of school left then I am officially a senior!
Meeting my boyfriend's parents today. It's kind of scary, but exciting.
Thank you!! :) We're you in yesterday?
Happy #Thanksgiving to all!!
On this day in 1968, Rev Martin Luther King Jr was shot at the Lorraine Motel in Memphis, TN.
I love making people's daay... wish someone would do that for mee :)
If Barca can't score this half, they shouldn't advance anyway....
#Mcdstories was clearly not the Egg McMuffin of social media campaigns.
Re-organizing the project studio. I can't wait 'til it's completed!
I would have to say that you have the worlds record for the most shirts worn and ripped in a 45-hr span haha!
Marathon writing day today- I'm a few days behind on work. Wish I got paid for staring at my monitor and hitting my head on the keyboard.
I couldn't wait for the DVD to get here in the mail & called up the interview on Youtube to see THE NECKLACE.
Today's Quote: "I look back on my childhood and thank the stars above. For everything you gave me, but mostly for your love." - Wayne F. Win
xmas bonus !!!!
hi jus wanted to say im a big fan n merry x-mas :)
think what you want ;)
One thing most of us fail to do is recognize our flaws and work to improve them. Rather than appreciate when others tell us, we cut ties.
Watching a TLC show about a guy who has a sexual relationship with his car. Take that
Brought on Seinfeld and Gaffigan at Gotham last night. For a second there I swore I had health insurance.
So excited to have you! Thanks for joining us!
8 weeks left
Yes! I actually want to try that Big Dinner Box from Pizza Hut. Ah, gluttony.
I might be wild but I know I live every day to the fullest. #onelife!
Anyone in Lake O have windstorm pics or video? Please share them with us at
That awkward moment when you realize you've been saying a word wrong your whole life.
Relationships are for TWO people, but some people don't know how to count... like me;))
I really wish I could lay around and watch football all day. Oh well, so goes the retail world.
I was like really....there has to be more....Madagascar dvd case!
Carl Pierce is testifying: proposals go to heart of access to justice; must look at underemployed attys and underrepresented clients
Is part of Monday night raw nation
Still reeling from 's Daughter of Smoke & Bone. I pick up other books, read a chapter, & wish for that world back
Noble cause. MT : "One-man Occupy movement outside EnergySolutions Arena. His cause, via the sign? 'Play Favors More'"
"Bastian Schweinsteiger wins it for Bayern Munich, putting them into the final where they will play Chelsea with home advantage!"
The enemy of being great is just being good enough. Break past every limitation 2 become all God intended 4 u 2 be!
Omg almost time for teen wolf ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
this guy gets his own tweet.
Its great to be an American and have the freedom to pound shots at will!
check out "Face The Music" Internet Series based on GLEE. Eps (1-8). Share your thoughts...
Its a difference between beatmaking and producing. Im glad that makes that obvious.
being at school in pain all day is defiantly not fun :/
My parents still up
The recording academy's doing a event on January 27th. Word is, there is already no more seats available! Amazing year already!
We've Got the Cure!
We're pretty excited to have lunch at !
Man I only pay 8.41 to start
oh yea! I found you (:
Have a beer...on Pipers!
thanks for the shout out Kira, will we be seeing you at the went tonight?
Upcoming gig September 18th at Macken Park for North Kansas City's annual Neighborhood Day. Hope to see you there
“: So how are their stock prices and revenue going up?” Tax breaks. Still no jobs
A simple statement of love says love more than one text.
The higher that I climb the harder I'ma drop
For all student Urban Outfitters loverz!: Thursday 5pm-10pm they will have 10% off full price and 30% off sale priced items with college ID
In my version of MR. BELVEDERE, he's from Spain, and he's got martial arts training from a robot ex-wife
GRAND SLAM!!!
Rain Rain Go Away Come Back Sum Other Day.,!
Yea, problem is, that HDD represents several hundred hours of save games... that are inaccessible...
Spending the evening with my lovely lady!
Off at a listing appointment in Ballston!
Wasup bro ill see u Friday
#PDX! Prevent carpel tunnel syndrome and #neck #pain before it happens! #Oregon employees will function better with #chiropractic care.
About to go to work, glad I don't have to clock in or do something I hate! The life of a DJ has it's bad,but it certainly has its PERKS!
me too!
I can't sleep :(
Oh well that's good! :) It's always good to have a good attitude about it! ;)
lol nah I love Brooke, just still weird though
So its the Knicks vs Heat game tonight then the Lakers game....hmm Act of Valor starts after 12 nice
So glad I got 10min left this day went super slow
Busy busy busy busy
You couldn't handle me even if I came with instructions ;)
Thank you c:! And you are very welcome n.n!
Rooney Mara was insane!
what's your favorite type of food? o:
After only 2 projects we are already rated in the top 2% for our category on Elance.
My friend Noah calls his fiancé every night on his lunch break and talks to her the entire time. Maybe one day I'll find love like that.
Droid has cloud options too, like Google, among others.
don't you love me? i make you blush ;)
Someone sext me
good morning! happy #hump day.
2011 was good, here's to an even better 2012! Have a happy and safe NYE everyone.
lolol. Lord help us.
Thanks for the share! Happy Friday!
I forgot how much sour patch kids cut up your tongue...
"This is activist work, this is sacred work, this is also dangerous work." Julie Alvarez on writing.
Don't look at 2 weeks or 2 days of ur life & allow it to account for all of ur life -
well, I don't know about you, but I keep making the same mistakes.
I'm the girl with the worst intentions & your the boy who puts up with that(:
Not quite live
oh my god jake
hey I'm getting a late start but I'm at INTA in a few minutes ...where are you?
I need tto start going to bed earlier
Less than 10 days away from One Night Only on Friday, May 4, 2012! Are you ready?! We are! ^.^
Fuck me. Immediately if not sooner
No Pity Coast to Coast! It's time from to produce a win tonight!
I'm not even gonna try making any snide comments. I hope your luck improves.
Bought something from you this morning, Mark - waiting for it to download. I think you're my guy---
Belt broke on Jimmie Johnson's engine
OMG it's my grandmas first mothers day with us here in the US and I have totally forgotten to buy her mothers day gift!
lol its ok! graduation will def be a tear fest
dying to see fall collection sparkle is my favorite!
home can also be that.
I miss drinking Henny and redbull ! It was my fav
Toby Keith's I Love This Bar & Grill... oh... oh my.
Tasted soy milk for the first time today and i can honestly say it tastes like shit.
Got page proofs for my new book, "Interactive Visualization: Insight through inquiry," due out late summer. MIT Press is slow, but steady...
Robbie just ate 4 pieces of toast, an entire banana sliced and filled with peanut butter, and a cup of applesauce. Guess he was hungry ...
Good! We'll cross our fingers for you!
i emailed your quote to you. can you please approve it soon? thanks.
Watching the #winterclassic America's national anthem FTW
You know what's sad? Somebody listened to Jim Rome and said this is great. Nothing says "great" like monotone & fake "outrageous' opinions.
ugh i have to pee SO SO SO badly, but everyone's sleeping so it'll sound like freaking niagra falls if i do hdeflbwlaf
I will. Next week is production week for A Few Good Men. Energy is high.
Shockingly good customer service at AT&T tonight. I now don't hate myself for signing a 2 year contract.
Steam - I am in the same boat here. Hoping its just allergies.
^melissa, Hi! Will try my absolute best...single mom, tight budget. #evoconf would be great for my upcoming web/blog plans!
The #Giants defeat the #Cardinals 31-27. #Gmen improve to 3-1 on the season.
what pedals do you use on listen to your love. That tone is FIRE.
I think he still works there. I saw him around Christmas.
Dude, y'all are fine. Docs look for an excuse to diagnose mentally. Srsly..
ghana and bolivia are the only ones that come to mind w that color pattern. but i think im wrong???
Sure thing! Thanks for giving newbies some good things to think about.
Its raining! I love the rain <3
Even football players play COD. #notnerdy RT : CoD time.
Busted 9th place as short stack kk vs 99. Think I'm done with these mtts for a while. Just too draining and stressful. GG me.
Thanks for the follow
ready for this tourney this weekend
-facepalm- don't make me explain. XD it's #69 in the summaries.
Detroit Public TV - Special on education tonight 11pm. 3 stories - academic transformation - on literacy, physical and science education.
RT : When you don't seem to run on either side of the fence, people act like you don't make sense..
Looking for a job? We're hiring experienced servers to join both our restaurant staff & banquet staff!
omg that sounds awful!!
2 of three of the time zones we're in are in 2011 now. The future!!
It is an undoubted truth, that the less one has to do, the less time one finds to do it in. ~Earl of Chesterfield
First Katy and Russell and now Heidi and Seal *sigh*
that don't mean shit when a nigga money, father God my pockets been betrayed!!!
“ Hoes talk to much!”
yum. In cold blood, preferably
Great win y'all district is OURS! Way to put your heart in it and give it everything!
Proud of our RM comp member! RT : Tony nom Roxanne Hart's final wkend Death In Colombia www.ktctickets.com
i say two-er! and so does
HipHop night Tonight at Johnny G's with DJ Cyn! Come show some love! Dance Partay Holla!!
My Baby Pajamas May Freebie Friday will be announced tomorrow...stay tuned
you should follow and watch his videos!!!!!- youtube.com/tysonthibodeau
thanks for your understanding!
“: I imagine Heaven as Hobby Lobby with no budget. #CGP” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
You can't get too much done in life if you only work on the days when you feel good.
I've decided on Indiana U. They've got some great digital projects too & it's a bit less of a move. I'll advocate for dogs!
It's Mac-n-Cheese and Fried Chicken cook-off day at NGPVAN- It's the most delicious office contest since the great Chilli cookoff of 2010!
This "Gotham City" mixtape is fickin crazy yall best get ready. END OF OCTOBER
Like others I look forward to the liberty Street bridge completion. main reason are is for the businesses that have suffered.
Also re: Treme, no other show has even shown that much of our music tree from New Orleans as part of a narrative arc.
which one?
Who's at RollarJam going to meet the ICONic Boyz? =)
So sad to hear the news of Whitney Houston's passing. She was a major talent, her voice was amazing!
Best of luck to on all her future endeavors as our friendship withers and enemy-ship begins.
Drinking a Christmas Ale in May.
Yeah,I found my headphones in a trashcan and this kid is annoying <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>
stomach flus and taxes
Also: Fish Library. real. #fishlibrary #!!!!!!!!
i am love drunk
Junker at Fiesta Bowl?? RT : Never heard of non-prof exec w 7-figure salary w/ driver & armed security? NCAA Pres Mark Emmert
About to interview bassist Paul West for the Harlem Speaks series of the National Jazz Museum in Harlem.
No!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I can wake him up if u want and he's now single btw wink wink haha
This girl wants to go on the ride again while were all looking for her. No. Just no.
I dont wanna love you I just wanna touch you
Thanks It is an honor to support THE DONORS CIRCLE and show at the KRAMER GALLERY with
congrats and happy opening!!!!
hope my boys are having a good time in marion!
lol I know right
It's a house party tonight in pacific beach!
your welcome lol glad you appreciate it so much that means alot
#shoutout to all the AMDA students doing Hairspray @ CBS right now!!!
Whew, it is going to be >20 degrees cooler in Seattle for #mlanet12 than in Nashville. Yes, please.
buddy the elf whats your favorite color?
cute pup, he does look cozy.
A so called "directioner" at school just prounounced louis as lewis SMH
Men are like mascara. They usually run at the first sign of emotion.
Want a shout out for your little student? My "Roll Call" Forecast is coming up on ! Respond w/first name & school. Then tune in!
Damn tht was a tense round
"What is the purpose of a business?" was asked in class.
we got time... Let's take this city over... You know we can
Lol my boyfriend is so cute, I'm having the worst day and he's trying everything to make it better<3 ...I might keep this one
you're back where you always belong!
thanks for the TQO love, you two.
and you can obviously still be happy for someone even if you don't share their experience. Something about it just feels off to me.
Have a great Day and hope to catch you later on!!!xoxoxox
One surprise - how much I am loving the dictation. Especially when filling out forms. Works so well for names etc. Now I'll have to name it.
Stephen Kirkbride, 46, was convicted of theft in Kendal, England, in June after a clothing store clerk, on the witness stand, pointed out...
Would anyone donate any amount of money to a kickstarter if we started one?! We really need your help! :D
": our xbox is working if you need a place to watch a movie ;)" our xbox isn't blueray though, Kelly prob wants blueray
thanks for that RT
lol ill tell you what im doing for school, youll be happy asshole
Sitting in the Library, jacking their internet to check my tweets! Follow :
heading back out, soon to be followed by "The Cush." #OO P.S. I just got marching orders to (this part redacted)
it is raging out of control. How big is your #CATSboner ?
Whats the stats on NBA Teams who win the Finals one year, and get swept in the 1st round of the following year?
i like this guy named brett so i googled him on urban dictionary and it was so exact <33
"Insist on yourself. Never imitate."
lolz i can tell how old are u?
This is my account completely dedicated to music, follows go a long way and are VERY appreciated. x
I will never support a woman beater
Good morning! On our way to the gym! Have a productive day!
I'm in a new hood in the suburbs so trees are few and far between. At least Crepe Myrtles grow fast! That's all we got down here.
I sick of society telling us what we should look like >.> if we wanna dress this way we'll do it. If we wanna wear our makeup or (c)
RT RT : “: If your brew-of-choice has the word "light" in its name, you don't like beer.”
ill never forget wat my great grandma told me on her death bed never eat bananas after labor day
sincerely thanks all for their support. The crowd thanks him! Campaign manager Pho Palmer makes statement.
'Enjoy every sandwich.' -Warren Zevon
#becauseofhoes good girls like me get stuck with asshole dudes *thanks skank bitches* #imjustsayin *learn how to treat a man*
#SongofTheDay is up on our Facebook & of course it's by Adele after that phenomenal performance tonight as well as winning 4 Grammys so far!
Layin out on the beach :) it's absolutely gorgeous today
i slept when i got home from school today
i miss you!
for once the wine in me is making me acting responsible. oh this won't last
Yay! :) It seems like you're going for longer runs, no? I think you were tweeting 5 miles not that long ago. Go go go!!
Last we looked, we were #7 when voting ended. If that is so, we will play the Hard Rock. Regardless, thank you for all the support!
lol! That made me giggle
To love what you do and feel that it matters-- how could anything be more fun? ~ Katharine Graham
Thanks for the RTs!
You went away. How dare you. I miss you.
sounds amazing! I'm green with envy...
If you cant fly then run, if you cant run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward
OMG #LAKERS LOST AGAIN
and it fills my heart with even more love for you to know that we share something so special-Suzanne Heins
I LOVED THIS. When and where are you in NYC this week? I would love to bring some of my acting friends to your workshop.
As you open up to Self you will be more aware of the energy around you & can do more to help anchor light energy on the planet.
school: the place where too many things can happen at once
Come on country girl shake it for me
Well Clinton's was $200... Obama's was $300.00 and now Edward's $400.00 No biggies, just like GAS prices... Continues to go UP!
great im panicking!! why is it so hard to choose
You know it's been a rough day when you think "what the hell" and cook a whole pack of bacon.
#DemiLiveChatWithAcuvue Will you ever go back to black hair??
my birthday is sunday follow me to king of diamonds vip all the way tweet follow me to kod @ miamiblackkod
Great case study on your site. It was nice interacting and learning more about campaigns you work on
turkish figs.....
when ru guys going to have Mindless Behavior back on the show <3MB<3
#relationships It is not better to be right than to be close to your partner.
Nice to hear from you!! This week is fried. Next week looks good. I'll send you an email.
We r still offering 20-25% off all jewelry merchandise! Call us today at (602) 494-1088!
My little bro with the complete game shutout against St X Love you man, so proud of you
I highly recommend you watch ABC right this moment.
Lol I'm not rambling!! RT : what are u rambling about now?
Seriously, how do Raisens even make the tournament. They should be in the candybar NIT.
the story turned out so good! I love it.
Someone text me the address to the coliseum
YOU HAVE TO BE KIDDING ME!!!
Pretty sure I'm about to die.
HEHEHEEEEE I like the way this season finale is shaping up to end.
People who take more than 5 minutes at the atm deserve to be punched in the face
Hope everyone is enjoying their day! Happy Thanksgiving!
I officially give up on chemistry...
my last RT kind of made me smile. not a full small.. maybe a smirk. that was nice.
Not a good way to start the show, rock and shawn via SATELLITE?? Meh, much more looking for to TNA IMPACT!
thank you. :) they were my moms #mothersday present.
The more twitter posts I read the more afraid I am for the future of America!! WOW, there are some "Real Wack Jobs" !!!
it's like a super dark red /brown hair color
I'm glad you didn't send me any tweets about the #49ers loss! lol! Next time, they're really going to the Superbowl!
“: lets go! the time is now! keep #moswantedcrew trending! aye!” (:
Virtual standing ovation for Heck of a game kid!
Embrace the struggle ;-)
i made a pwetty lil turtle for briana :D
Anybody lists Perfume Seven on twitter will receive a coupon for FREE shipping to use anytime this year, please send a message to confirm
Yes! It looks great
Is now on-air the New FRESH 94.7 and online @ 947freshfm.com!
Everyone tag #MAKHANA in there tweet. Get it trending guys!!
you're not kidding there. He's a nice guy too, so I'm sure he'll oblige.
I wouldn't be surprised to see Jerry Sandusky at this dinner...
I got $50 running that #Obama won't do anything to back up his affirmation on gay marriage.
srry lol i call everyone dude. lol ok dudette. better? sorry bout that
Milk.. Wasn't that a dem policy?
where r u sitting?
Uhg! Just got an email that is raising my monthly fee 17% WTF!!!
I like the way you think. I'm not sure about the 3rd. What's up?
Anyone not in a professional position? I have library degree but am lib support staff - wondering about appropriate project for
Mark your calendars now for Graphics of the Americas 2012 March 1-3 in Miami Beach.
where the party at?
Turns out (by chance, honestly) we're following 666 people. Happy Halloween?? would be proud
RT : How dare they cancel 30 Rock, Community and “Parks and Rec but keep the disaster that is The Office >Thats crazy
Fast Convert MOD to iMovie
Operas I'm looking forward to: Tales of Hoffman, Rinaldo, Lucia
Second chances don't expire until midnight.
Giving out pocket money in Strand Books is obviously a good idea.
I traveled a lot and I saw the world's most beautiful landmarks!! thanks #allah because of my work !!
always keep to your self just like told you :) Damn you didn't say if you doing something for your birthday in FL :(
Love when we have those deep conversations about the following race day and about the future and how my talent is so similar to his. :-)
Tune in now to 93.7 wstw or wstw.com to hear STONE on hometown heroes, then see them make their debut at DOBBS 12/16 w/fat city Reprise
hw tf u gone say u eat azz/pussy and u DON'T GET NONE
lmao. I'm so tired :(
Terrible! RT : And yet, through it all, nobody mentions he ripped off his brother's ideas and didn't pay for his website.
.. how your grandma look lol...
What do you love most about your home?
All in a day's work for...the unsquickable reference librarian...
I'm tired!
yuppers. Gonna tale my little baby girl out for a stroll later.
I hope this time I have money to go to your concert thid time:( but can u follow me its my dream justin !<3
:: Observation from an I-Team stakeout... The UWM BOSS shuttle does more bar-time business than taxis.
It's raining :( I knew it would be though. But the need to re-schedule the crawfish boil
If these commentators miss out on using the "Crosby, Staal & Nash" reference, I'll be sorely disappointed. Or am I just old?
Good morning...wish the pollen away for us! Asthma is kicking our behind this AM....
reminds me of the Polk overturned TD at Notre Dame- camera wasn't on the goal line
Number of save20 followers right now: 747. Who is giving us a free plane?
Signs that things aren't going well - Father O'Neil's Christmas sermon consists solely of stolen tweets.
if she joined dream team my life would be complete
Eternal Flame ... For Our TweetHearts!
In the shadow of your wings I will take refuge, until the destroying storms pass
did my mix go up today for smashbroz?
My IB was better then your IB. I got to use ALL of the university resources and use their computers.
So looking forward to May2
Miami's a joke Thunders winnin it all
Know someone we could help? Retirement Planning Seminars coming soon! Call us @ 614-543-1350 to reserve a spot.
Wasn't Serenity Prayer allegedly written by Bill W., founder of AA?
NoteUtopia is at Chico, at the Brother Ali concert. Come through Chico!
dark skin by lil b is a classic
LOL, SA is the smallest big city ever. At least the BBQ is good, and the Missions games can't be beat. But I love baseball. ;)
a lil' soccer watching, a lil' cooking, a lil' vino, a lil' movie time, a lil' football watching, a lil' reading..can't wait! U?
girl get ready to destroy that dance floor with me
a hot shade of black! Like a latte!
Victory Bowl #FuckThaPolice! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B7>
BC high school A boys basketball: Gators and Ravens to tipoff in final - Vancouver Sun
Seeing people from the ball park makes these 34 days seem much longer. I JUST WANT MY BASEBALL BACK.
Frank Fairbanks and Christine Wilkinson named 2009 Valley Leadership Man & Woman of the Year
i taught her well
Thanks to im addicted to Twitter !
thanks love!!
well obviously you win on temp...but its been 80 here the past few days :)
keep a eye on twitter for the next few hours some autograph session info will come avail soon
Welcome ! Great to have , , , this morning
N just like that my weekend is over, back to work I go!
You guys, my little sister informed me I wasn't OLD OLD until I was 24. That day has arrived.
U.S. #Dow -183.45| following round 1 of presidential elections in France; & Netherlands teetered on brink of political and economic crisis.
so we're going to spot coffee tonight when I'm out of class tn? See ya there #youdontknowus ;)
I hope you do something fun then.
That fourth goal epitomized the 'guins effort after the first period.
No. You don't "get" art.
Student support rosters explained by MaryBeth Myers
Overtime on you niggas, Im going to Work!
i tried textin you, but i think i deleted your new number instead of your old. I had both xD
I dont know. I didnt get anything that daid that. Kinda scary. I would run a scan. Lol
Yes! force Game 5
but it's up to Taylor :(
He's full of holes and made out of cheese.
“: at the Parkrose Heights Neighborhood mtg. Karen Gray speaking about school budget/bond issues."
Huntsman is on Hannity...interesting interview...not sure about him.
By all indications, Hammond is being stripped of decision-making powers. Skiles+Hammond are lame ducks entering next season.
It makes me so happy to find a case directly on point. I'm such a nerd!
PPL ASK ME Y U DIDN'T FOLLOW ME I REPLY N SAY IMA LEADER NT A FOLLOWER
I only started appreciating it fairly recently. I hated it as a kid.
Always fab to get a shoutout on the show :) Howay the lads!
Super in love with my new #kindlefire!
TODAY! Ask your Representative to VOTE NO on H.R. 4970, the Adams VAWA Bill, which ignores the needs of Native women and LGBTQ communities.
Depends on if R.A. Dickey is starting.
Hola :)..and I've just been chilling, winning our poke war on Facebook.! Lol
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
The dream of the 90's is alive in Pointland.
Rondo looking nice
Hello & welcome to Twitter,
Winding down from all the celebrating. Voice is gone! You made the #BBN proud & we love you! Hate to see you go but best of
OK, virtual handshake ;)
lovely! You guys look awesome!
Must be a lot going on with Facebook fellow student who said "I can think of a better way to spend my time than practice my speech"
hope so
i do it. Boii.
LOLOL Now my son thinks HES ADOPTED LMAO IM ON AN APRIL FOOLS ROOOLLLL LOL
Should be pysching up for work but am looking for Balance Lady Design supplies online. My creative window will close as tax season begins.
LET'S GO LAKERS!!!!!
You do know you are asking Randizzle, who happens to be the biggest FRAUD there is, what he thinks, right?
Hey Dan, thanks for coming to the BBC last night and sharing your thoughts. Appreciate it!
Secrets & lies eat you from the inside.
As good as those people were & could possibly be, God's got much more nourishing relationships waiting for you to get #through to.
hey lets all new and older members lets get busy!here on peoplestring,,
Why is there never any pretty waitresses here? Only guys with greasy ponytails.
Homosexuality is found in over 450 species. Homophobia is found in only 1. Which one seems unnatural now?
oh good to know! thanks!
it's like being jumped in to a gang. We only sometimes make people cry in job interviews.
"This idea sounds pretty half-baked Ben." "No, it's completely baked." Lmao
Follow for news on great broadcast and web content!
"We just stayed in & watched a movie on cable." "It was LEGEN -wait for it- S OF THE FALL! Legends of the Fall!"
"Strive to fail." -Andrew Skwish
Arrange to go to the library at dawn,which is open all day long when would i sleep?? Going crazy ... coffee accelarating it
LOL i have a feeling the answer to that is terrifying.
will save you a plate, let me know when
Luke needs to wake up and make me some ramen noodles
Turning in early, got a lot to think about. Gonna give it all to the Lord because He'll know how to handle it....
oh you know..places! Haha. And yea I haven't talked to you in forever! How's life?
Snow! Everyone make a mad dash for home!
Congrats. Great time.
Flack you Harry Styles
Have a frisky friday...and stay frisky my friends.
I think I just threw up a little in my mouth.
Whenever I log on, I find nothing but your tweets. Do you tweet every few seconds or something? Not that I mind.
It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly. - Mabel Newcomber
RT : 2012 State/foreign ops bill markup tomorrow. Proposed hiring freeze 4 #USAID. How do reforms go fwd w/o new staff, major $ cuts?
thanks for the SO Scott. i think i died in every acting job i had ;-) i've had better luck staying alive as a writer.
Good Morning
CRASH: US 26 eastbound after the tunnel, right lane blocked, expect delays back to the Sylvan exit
dissed me so hard on the block after we won it
hungry hungry hippo
everyone has a screaming kid with Santa pic.. haven't done this year yet.(gulp) just another part of being a parent! enjoy!
That's quite the journey, the sun might have to take a RAIN CHECK on that one.
RT : Oregon friends: May is chock full of Wild events in cities and towns across the state. Forest Grove, Sisters,......
saw Amanda for the first time in months! missed her! :D
Looking for 2 women 18-24yrs for a free on location photo session in Philly area.
ohh did uu hear me play??
oh I didn't realize you considered an alligator a part of your family... and HOW DARE YOU. THIN MINTS ARE WAY BETTER.
u get on my time line u punkass bitch dont u call me fake u sorry lil bitcgass an ok if im fake prove it?
i'll try! i'm gonna miss all of you.
I'm going to break this chicks neck -__-
You can't help who you love :)
« Tweeting until I fall asleep..»
: got you cuzzzy.
Android's ICS version is so much better than everything before it.
Would have been nice to get at least one of these B-More games. Need to take two from Arizona.
Enjoying the view at the View at Marquis in SFO //
Chelsea Grin >>>>
Till Fellner plays the well-tempered clavier, with discordant spoken word performance by lady.
So I'm officially done with CFES tomorrow, just have to do the treasurer report and DONE
Having to pee every 2 seconds <<<<
I'm all right :) Thanks for askin.
... How u doin today.. Just wanted to let u know u have some sexy eyes<U+E418>
So I watched Real Time with Bill Maher tonight, was a prick; Mayor Fetterman should have kicked Mr. Gillespie's sorry ass.
Make sure you don't let anyone interrupt your sleep. Rest is good. Work is good, most importantly sleep, no interruptions.
If you are a girls juco coach near Las Vegas and you are not here, you are missing out! There are 112 girls here!
Tonight , Lollipop Mondays!!! Who's coming out?
if done right - w a stylish tunic-type top and cute flats or boots, actually can work!
I Like Sex But If I Think You Worth It I'll Wait
you all suck -____- i
You are not broken, there is nothing to fix except your false perceptions.
now i feel stupid haha
why thank you :)
Can't be there, but I'll have a Dogfish Head World Wide Stout in Memoriam.
Just put them all! Loll . It's all good, we won't caree(:!
#Fortune ranks #CBRE as 3rd most admired company!
Gas is too damned expensive!
winners f*** the prom queen!!
Reading, Writing, It's Exciting, Inc. is a nonprofit program designed to help 2nd graders read and write at grade level.
High tea here today -- impromptu (like everything else at Foster Indy Mart) -- everyone is welcome 7916 SE Foster from around 1 PM
People who stay crying and upset about mediocre shit <<<<
No, the playwriting course is part of MIT's totally free OpenCourseWare program -- you don't need to be a student.
What gas is goin down in The BAY
I love the weekend more than i love bitches...
IM SO COLD. I hate this weather. I want summer.
You all set up with the work we did last night? Just checking...
RT Marcel the Shell could be my best friend.
About to clean these greens and chicken because I love my mom:)
R U Ready for Some Football an Bombay?
if you wrote a book . What would you title it ?
Buenos Dias :)) Don't forget to have something for breakfast!
oh man, rocks
Crew Parties, the team behind Brisbane’s Masc events, are holding a gay men’s camping trip over the October long weekend. The three-day c
Last Night was nuts!!! to say the least
okay good lol cause I can't risk getting yelled at by my boss again. Haha
Happy birthday to Anna at , gracious hostess of our crew meetings & more intimate events.
DM me ya number
Happy Veterans Day. Show some gratitude to those you know who served our country for your freedom.
Ugh, don't feel good. /:
Had a good time and a little freaked put, but time to get some sleep finally.
good Lord it's only 7am!
No fucks are given!!!
We're playing a new years eve show with John The Conqueror at The Station in South Philly.
dude with the italy shirt needs to go grab a hotdog or something..move him
He made my day 1000x better. <U+2665>
We will have a silent auction for some Old Style swag as well to get some extra $$$ for the charity...come support us!
Awesome :) i saw sneak previews of new moon,it looks awesome! :) but it was my least favorite book though
Hehe I always will be <333
if i couild go back in time and prevent myself from initially playing such games... i would. wise choice.
I'm crying all the day. I just don't know will I survive or no :(
omg your awesome buck!
No music, no watch. Just a nice 5.5 mile run along the Rocky River in the Cleveland MetroPark on the shaded horse trails.
I've had great experiences with too. Frankly, one of the best AI conferences out there.
Count your blessings white girl.
I'm late...but I'm still getting coffee...
Haha! Good 1 ": Oh, you don't like my mix? Oh, cuz it doesn't have enough air horn samples? And I actually use some ori"
concerts are being rescheduled all over the place & Audition Week is a go! check back here for more info as we thaw out…
nah that's you.
I Just Wanna Ride Wit The Top Down N Smoke Weed Wit My Niggaz
sorry, we thought we'd hide in the cave, well leave soon.
*Walks into class late* Teacher: Why are u late? Me: I'm late? Teacher: You missed an entire period. Me: Are u telling me I'm pregnant? -LOL
Hey #Milwaukee! It's $5 Martini Day! All specialty and regular martinis included.
The SRO team is all pumped after the Allen Stone shows. Working furiously on making our Feb. 18th Muse show out of this world.
In Saipan, Flinders Univ pulls great support and integrates local accounts into WWII maritime heritage interp posters and online
thanks for the RT!
Kyle Anderson a very selfish player.
mama's making ribs tonight
Another amazing saturday night in #Boston ... <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
mm..ok...No, I would have to ask permission from my father to put on the pc(the PC belongs to my father)
I'm really missin my boyfriend right now. =/
they deserve each other!
sounds good br3h
If I wasn't in love, I could not be alive!!!
Busy day with 51 desks in use! Guess the sun comes out and Seattle folks are inspired to find community.
Remember Whitney Houston for the radiant spirit she is, ignore the neg. head press. A single thought of love is a eulogy. Love is a garland
does anyone know how to unplug ears? I'm sick and my ears are all plugged up :(
DeAndre Jordan can't score in an empty gym!!!
Thanks, Eric! How've you been, bud? I almost made it out to Dallas last month. When I do, I'm taking you and Joanne out!
Nothing like having a CHR in the building now so I can bang out some club spots! Look out C-W...here comes some Dead5aus & Skrillex!!!
Possibly, but Homan's isn't DO specific.
Thanks! Glad you will be back to visit us then.
Im sure billy crystal was killing it at the #Oscars. Did anyone hear him?
done deal..U bueno?
Vegas is for spineless pussies who think fun is douching around with a bunch of other like-mindedly braindead people
happy hour at Trinity!
I know my king is out there,I'm just waiting for him to come and swoop be off of my free.(fantasizing about when that day comes)
this is the future of hip hop come support me by clicking like on this page
muahhahaha you mad bro? :P
trinity of worthwhile (?) deceptions: JTLeroy, James Frey, Mike Daisey.
choose to be open to Success, you never know where it will lead you possibly to places you have always wanted to go but didn’t know how
omg, what are your dinner plans??? txt me!! & i'm SO happy and proud of you!! Yay for new living spaces!! :D
Friends are God's way of apologizing to us for our families. - Anonymous
Hey we're playing in Atlanta, GA on 1/04. Come check us out!
yeah. agreed. loving my AC tho.
awh hope you get better :(
Annie just picked up trash , stick , and paper from the yard. Wow we are gonna have a nice clean yard.
Thanks for reading California Northern magazine!
. CNBC Q1: why do you want to destroy America? Q2: how long have you been a communist terrorist?
RT : Brett Favre. So many teams. So little time.
Playing lots of guitar this week. Trying to pace to avoid blisters, but not minding the pain...
you going to A$AP the 29th?
Me: the lights out, if we could get an ELECTRICIAN in here, that'd be nice... Dad: yeah, yeah, yeah
Arizona executes killer convicted of Norwegian Anders Breivik Pending homes sales surge, but can promote.
Condolences to the family of Jesus Maria Gamez I (Jesse). Jesse was a great man,never forgot his humble roots,civil rights & RIP
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE FOLLOW ME ME PLEASE
you better be hot then
Testing out the #envolve chat #WordPress plugin. It's similar to Facebook's chat but too many chat boxes. Oh well...keeping it for now.
And the "we smoke together" ain't a good excuse either cause there's plenty of pothead females
at least i haven't fallen asleep TWICE on the phone..
Where art thou, North Park News?
it should be up to date, thanks
Thank you miss lady! Were super excited!
#whathurtsthemost is that you don't care how things ended
Hahahaaaa! Why do you say that? Lol
i'm not trying to make anyone out as badperson. i'm just trying to get clarification for myself on why is so hostile
What's a fun Sunday morning for you? Breakfast in bed?
Gardening is an active participation in the deepest mysteries of the universe. ~Thomas Berry via RT
Stop trying to change aspects of your life that live in history. Live in the present.
I'm better off this way.
Bo It's tatum please follow It's my new 1D twittaaa!
well there is open to things and there is just plain gross :) it's a fine line.
Biden wants to rename that operation "Obamaha Beach".
She was built with a brain and some swagger.
- Me too. People should consider others more often.
Thank you so much for spreading the love yesterday
Watching huge oak and poplar trees being hand hewn for a new potter's shed at Conner Prairie.
I didn't realize Jimmy Clausen was so unprepared for NFL football. I guess there was a significant gap between him and Sam Bradford.
Naw another party
I feel like I got beat up last night
Setting up for #hubwork! Can't wait to see you today (bers!!!)
Already tweeted that I made White Whine. Resolution is that they replaced the Nook. Only sent 1 Tweet to B&N.
Congrats....first of many - I hope!
People are starting to creep me out -_-
Can we trade 4 Reed Johnson just so he can never do anything bad against us again? Kills us offensively & defensively. & by tearing Yo's ACL
This is bullshit man!! >:o
Is kind of a nutty question to ask, huh?! Backlinks, SEO, etc...
Current reading list: Christopher Pike's Scavenger Hunt, Mircea Eliade's History of Religious Ideas Vol 2, Warren Ellis' Crooked Little Vein
True, but with Google's power one would think they could do more. They obviously thought so, projecting $1.5 billion.
add me and thank you doll face.
...wee sometimes we need a lil somethin for ourselves ;)
Life has no victims. There are no victims in this life
Six Flags tomorrow w/
MIAMI HEAT!!!! Just give us this series already
I love being 16<3 these are the best days.
FWD: : im trying to link myspace music app to my fan page GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
Delaware River Waterfront Corporation Transforming Delaware River Waterfront With Free Events Every Week
technically, both are grammatically correct :)
tell Greg to go find Benny Grebb in search of the "chit"
Any news on Nick Collins?
Enter M Building on Broadway. If you are a Quicken Loans team member, show badge to enter. Everyone else: Sign in at reception desk.
you got that, it's easy to be stoopid and overthrow with that arm, but lately, we'll take runs how we can get em,Stranding, no no
Oh, hey. It gets light at 5:30 now.
Yes, human.
It's about that time to call it a night.
I've hated them since I was 20, lol.
umm he is only follow like 40 out of his 14,000 followers!
looking for some behind the scenes?
It was so good! And we took pics of the White House like dorks :)
What are your ideas for creating more jobs in San Diego as part of your mayoral platform?
observed our first task. I really like the interaction style. Applause to our super dedicated students!!
That makes sense, it's going to vary by district. The unaffiliated ballot for me only had the amendment, wonder why no judges
tell me if it's as terrible as it looks
No!!! RT : Community is being pulled from NBC's mid-season schedule. Working on story now...
I hear ya! lonng day im bout to head to sleep
Tonight the #presconf visits home of the for a GALA celebration! Will we see YOU there?
I miss seeing u tweet! Plz tweet!
I love USA
yes tubas
2 month old top of the line corporate Elitebook and the wireless is fucked. HP deskside services are getting a call tomorrow.
I'm jealous. Its like -30 here. Ugh. Is it baseball season yet?
we drank from the cup of life, in exchange he drank the cup of our sins(poisin) and still defeated the grave! how great is our humble king!
Awesome! Let us know how it is, for sure.
me either .
I second that. New haven road trip soon!
Wow. "There is no military solution in Afghanistan." Education and empowering the elders to rebuild the society.
I am so ready for some Football
I do believe you gave it your best try, my hummingbird, sing to me
is live from Lake Waconia tonight with the #fishing opener forecast on KSTP-TV at 5pm & 6pm.
Does that make the #Predators a Stanley Cup frontrunner?
Reasons to be at the PISCES PARTY at Havana tonight? Dancing fish, the start of spring, Neptune, because I know you want to dance, booze!
“: We can throw stones, complain about them, stumble on them, climb over them, or build with them.” word
OMG! You are a sicko!
How dare they leave! RUDE!
everyone is such a creep now-a-days /: it's pissing me off
I will be at #dolorespark for the #supermoon. better stay away!
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT PUMP UP THE EXPLOSIVE DAMAGE ON DEAD MANS HAND ITS NOT FAIR FOR THE PEOPLE USING IT
Guys I only have 10 pictures for my fan video for so idk if I want to post it...
what are you smoking? Architects get 0 jobs. They have the highest unemp. Rate after graduation. I think you mean engineers
posted lots of city data for app developers to work with. Very cool! (although I might have removed the license plate #'s)
students raised $270,000 this year for the Special Olympics, one of the causes supported by Paternos ()
aka Irish dancing.
Dear , I think a lot of people would love to see , , , and back again!
Whats cookin' on your camping stove? Come spice it up with OB, , and Savory Spice on 6/22 for some culinary lessons...
The world's #population is 7 billion and growing, but the world's population of fish is about 5.1 trillion and rapidly depleting.
Chase Robert Scott Botts . <333 Oh my god I can't wait till this weekend .
Oh hey Ryan Hollins!
thanks for the FB,so will you be a regular nightowl on my timeline?
it's words with friends version of hang man
Anyone in my fantasy football league want to trade me a running back? I'll give you Fred Jackson for....
Week 12 of #P90X. Yesterday was chest, shoulders and arms plus #AbRipperX. Today was plyometrics.
There are about three dozen players who've declared early for the draft. Add in seniors, Europeans and I'm guessing a dozen made bad choice.
who will be the next that joins the family of The Big Blue Nation?? Go Cats!!
Good times w ol faces last night at Chi for Karen's Bday
i lost my piercing ball :c i hate going to get another
Cleaning out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
weird spot now where I'd be totally cool with someone breaking up the no-no, but I'd also kinda like to see it
I Seem To Wanna Be Single Now... Unless That One Special Person Asks Me...
Ha! RT It doesn't matter how old you are- if a balloon is about to hit the floor, you dive for that shit.
People I knew in high school are wait for it..... Getting divorced?? When did you get married? How old are you?
Hey thanks for the shoutout! RT away!
Went to go feed the goats and my feet were frozen... Somebody give me a heater damn it! :)
The story-workbook requires the reader to relate key issues and values-conflicts to her/his own life
i was bein sarcastic
Let us Plan Knights. Plan for a better future. Plan for a success. Plan to put love in everyones heart. Lets plan to always have a plan.
that was actually made for you.
damn that shit looks like ya'll in Narnia
laughing so hard 2 this RT Im pretty sure people get put in jail for the creepiness Im bestowing on <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0083>
At the mob scene that is the opening night of Death of a Salesman. !!
yes I am. And thank you so much! That really means so much to hear:) you yourself are a very true patriot as well!
everyone should check out <U+2665> they're really good. :3
Someone bring me starbucks. I'll love you forever.
This whole argument >>>>>>>>> lmfaoooo.. I'm laughing at this shit.
Music House & More Grand Opening Frday Dec,16,2011 Paris, Tx Artist hit me up with product
Where else can you earn 9-13% on your investment money? Learn more at www.littleoldladybuyshouses.com
text me fag
because the purse is probably damn heavy. most women do physical damage to themselves just because we carry them so often.
why are you offended I am using your own tactic against you?
Im getting this whole youtube video thing. come check out the vids i have so far. also will be making movies and commentary vids on cam.
you speak spain ?
that u care bitch duh
HAPPY #LILBOOSIE WAS FOUND NOT GUILTY WELL CNT WAIT 2 C HIM AROUND AGAIN
oh trust me. Ive told her (;
RT : Museum fans! How can museums be more social via social media? Follow #musesocial tmrw Noon-5pm EDT and join the chat
I thought reading 32 books was a lofty goal that deserved respect until my sister tweeted that she's reading 1 book each week.
When you really love someone, age, distance, height, && weight..is just a number. <U+2665> <3 <3
I know. Too bad. Haha
YepRT : An #Aquarius has an imagination so wide and complicated, it is hard for them to explain what they feel and see exactly
No doubt! A GreaterAid!
and Andes shouldn't have stole second nor reached third. But I'm not complainin<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
ann u suppose to b my close friend nd not b against me ur MEAN
watching the 2hour end of season 1 of #alcatraz "that's not what happened, not at all" miss that opening already!
wait a minute! how many times would they show #babyboy on #bet!
#NameYourFavoriteRapper EMINEM ALL THE WAY.
Think I'll go put the CD on now and listen to it! LOVE the whole CD. Love You Like A Love Song Baby! I Keep Hittin REPEAT :)
#sem2011 occupiers continue to occupy. Lots of tents still.
Huge Night on
counting down the days to see you guys at fantabuloso! ^.^ <3
Deodorant is not an option... U have to use it
Feeling cynical today
Thanks for attending the webinar!
Thank you Morgan!
It literally is T-shirt time outside.
#hategettingtold. I'm gonna have to write you a ticket.
Missing basketball practice for cornyval? #WINNNINGG (:
Things I ponder.... why did jay-z change the flow he had in the 90's?? It was so much better!
"What does it all mean?" Exactly what it meant from the start: Go find a banana.
"If you da best...take the test" - Mayweather to Pacquiao
I own this so take notes, I define this piece the piece doesn't define me
*grabs popcorn* RT : Ima take my shirt off
"We do not see the lens through which we look"
Writing more of this #script! Also make sure to follow my manager
A cynic is a man who knows the price of everything, and the value of nothing. - Oscar Wilde
On a bright and sunny summer day like today I'm glad I have a #Kindle since sitting in the sun and reading other eReaders is hard!
It's awesome to play King's Quest again! Thanks!
thanks for the shout out, not late at all :)
I agree!
Ahh! Thank you so much! :]
Having a productive day! *pats back*
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great
If you are curious about who I am & where I am from, read this to know: Http://gardenandgun/article/new-southern-belle
Sigh, another weekend of self-imposed exile. It's like I'm the town's hipster leper.
Thanks !! And I will miss DC and its inhabitants... I see some + alum happy hours in the near future :)
RT : I want a faithful relationship though..
my follower and 1d fan plz follow my freind she is new to twitter thanks it means allot to me
These projects are killing me. I guess this is what I get for not starting til the last day.
oops, make that !
Chicken fried rice.... M :)
Chipotle Cinamon Chicken, Zucchini Onion Roast, Tallegio Mushrooms, OMG!
any BEP updates?
wow ! this has been some night :)
Wednesday night! Lizard Lounge! 9-10:30 pm. brings the afrofunky fun to #Cambridge. Join us! Only $7!
I'm in school right now.
Good list. I think we play opposite Phil Keaggy on the Indie Stage. If you get bored there, come hang with us! :]
Lovely day in Melbourne. whats the weather like where you are ?
37 to 28 Scott Co at the half
Meeting with some Bay Area Pastors to talk about Antioch School.
Monthly Special : Hydrate your thirsty hair during your next salon visit with our hydration mask treatment and receive 50% off
but you'll still have a great time!! And maybe I'll see you after the show..possibly lol
Who wouldn't? But as I always say: To win the lotto, you have to play the lotto.
you's hating! Rage much?
Yes of course I stopped and helped. He had been dead for several hours. Once I stopped, others did too. Paramedics took him away.
coffee and cigs.
black straws make any drink taste better
Yes Sir! How's life????
Jacking it in San Diego RT : So this KONY2012 was a total scam huh... Yet to see a poster anywhere.
- I am glad I found you! I was just looking at your BC today on our Wall-o-Samples.
1st Panel: "How Rapid Technologies are Changing Our World and Work" {Topics: Education, Military, Medical, Museum, Construction}
Nobody wonna hang with a nobody but when they know that you are somebody,they wonna lend a hand to be your buddy because
Do you know any D.C.-area recently (or about to be) naturalized US citizens? For a story. please DM if you do. Thanks!
#singing Its 4 o clock in the morning & twitter got boring
and your God my God. 17Where you die, I will die, and there I will be buried. b-Thus and more may the LORD do to me-b if #Torah 19/99
Phx. Seeking caring people to work w/disabled adults & children in their homes. If interested
Just got online, does anyone have a clue of what big announcement is?
Sleep people. Going there so goodnight.
Being pulled in so many directions.. Holiday burnout.
When, where, why, and how can I get in?
Thanks for the follow, Ron. Been a big fan since he came up w/ the #Tigers in '04.
My Chumby is a conversation starter.
Jimmy Choo's I Know You Can't Afford Em
Monday is such a cruel day for #amwriting at times. Today it is requiring every form of motivation I can think of...
Im hungry as hell!
Let's be smart now,if your rude to me AS SOON as I get home for NO REASON that's gonna put me in a bad mood.
Features &amp; Features of Driving Mirror | Machines Design
Wait why did I do what? :P
Enjoy, Steve!
LET ME LOVE YOU
In Museum store now @ National Museum of American History looking at it. Buying 2 copies.
Giving away WWE Raw tickets around 4:53pm on The Zone @ 94.1 make sure you tune in to win.
thanks! How'd it go?
well there are good parties but I'm going with family so we'll see if I get to go to them but I know I'll be drinking all day
np :D stereo skyline is so awesome!:)
CMGO... GEAR... AAVG all on high alert this week
She Said My Lips Black , CTFU !
sade will ease the mind
Follow me back? :)
no matt wise or jose cappellan? Hahaha
I was going to do it this morning, but watched an episode of Once Upon A Time instead- I'm still behind though
I just testified. Now David Ries: security language impt: not a set it and forget it situation.
Internet issues kept us from tweeting a lot from the exhibits, but we had a fantastic time at #AWP12. Great to see everyone!
I do it to its worse when I put something in the oven and forget to turn it on... Hehe
So much #IB homework... at least its the
totally fine! Just taking some deep breaths! :)
Happy #Friday ya'll!
My dad stole my gummy worms UGH!!! I thought I hide em >.<
Something worth noting, this is the first race Honda has not won since 2005.
are the for real & do the need to go out and get some pitching to compete?
.. it dont matter how many steps u take into the woods... it only takes 12 to get out
Ima write you a cute ass text then you can post it on twitter; ? <33
Had to make some tough but necessary decisions today. How was your day tweets?
If only closed minds had closed mouths...
Single ! :D Even Though Tomorrow would have been our first anniversary we just feel better staying best friends <3 I still love you Andrew!
Suzi fake ass.
So as you ponder the future and your possible work in Lat. America, be encouraged by someone like David E. Davis. God bless
With 2 minutes to spare, it's #MellowMusicMonday ! Today's pick is Lucky - Jason Mraz Feat. Colby Callait
what song is this i like it i want it in my life
God I'm such a bore! All I did today was take the ACT go to my mom's and laid in my bed for 5 hours starting at the ceiling.
I know he does, but following me on twitter doesnt mean anything. And im sure he wouldnt want to be harrased by some crazy ass fan
“: Larry Bird>pat riley”RT
Busy folding programs for Wednesday!
got a couple bottles, but a couple ain't enough. BOTTOMS UP!
#askmaci what do you think of the song call me maybe
I hate the Insanity warmup, but I killed the workout. In the ZONE!
don't play with my emotions.
Stinging gas sends May Day protesters fleeing - The Seattle Times
Never hand an ill workman good tools.
Congratulations. Let's talk--happy to help you. On vacation next week..but looking forward to hearing more.
Get your TAN on STANDING UP! **Become a NEW member TODAY ONLY and tan the rest of this month for FREE** Instant Tans are on SPECIAL TOO!
So glad I got to know you
for all u haterz out there screw u!!!!!!!!!! From me nd meggie boo(:
what's up?
Harry potter was awesome!
Thank you so much :D It really really means a lot!
Head over to Green Valley Library tomorrow at 2 p.m. for the Docu-rama Film Series presenting historic Southwest US Films.
Any new faves?
#MyCostume raw meat
RT : "These hoes call me Melly baby" - do I smoke weed tell dem hoez 2 smell me baby
Go Redbirds
Ah 3 bottles of wine later and it's another successful 20% off Monday at
*In my voice* chilllllee!! I love her!!
no im not
I stumbled across some poetry/lyrics one day that I did not recall writing
Happy Presidents day
RT <U+266B> New House Music Mix 2011 vol. 6: Your Ad Here <U+266B> New House Music Mix 2011 vol. 6 FOLLOW ME ON: Facebook: www.fa....
You have lucky chickens! Beans!
This summer. Stay tuned for a date...as soon as it's set, we'll let you know!
Beautiful night at social networking event with & , Nicholas! Was great to hear about all of the amazing work!
Last night I couldn't sleep ... I was up til 5, woke up at 8:30, went on a morning jog, worked til 5 ... Why am I up ?
My dad was protesting having to trade out the burnt orange for crimson & cream. Mention of blue & gold = end of discussion.
and now he's ejected.
Shaking My Head
ghetto pasta!! :D
Night night I tired<U+E40A><U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E13C>
Thanks, Nancy!
Encounter with the RMV this morning has me rethinking my willingness to trade in my CA license & more officially join the Commonwealth.
I wish I had 10 Grand to get the gear I need!!! I need to finish this album!!
I wish this place had AC. Oy vey!
no need when you make 1000 dollars in 1's a night
Happy Spring! FYI: The vernal equinox arrived at 1:14 A.M. (ET) this morning, marking the earliest start to spring in 116 years.
you're not available in austin :(( .. thanks for the tease
Wow it's foggy out here
_-!!~~ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
My hairspray would leak in my gym bag and soak everything.
I wanted to see chris young so bad tonight.);
I called u RT : All that partying shit gets old after a while.
Pickling onions, making bread, shelling English peas. Just a few of the things we do around here.
Every thing gd wit u?
I like how you write about fashion in so many different languages..have you met
watching the house wives of Atlanta..man these women got to much money to be acting a fool on TV...
Well, it's the same techniques on both sides. Dem ads are just as bad but don't bother me in the same way.
Started my diet 2days ago & want a cheesesteak sub or some pizza hut!!
FREE car fluid checks, FREE hot dogs and a car show at Action Towing 275 Marketplace Drive in Henrietta June 19th 8-4pm
I feel united with fans given our joint disdain for #Lebron James. What a thug.
“: About to go to GameStop and get a Runescape membership card... Fun times ahead” that's my plans for after work...beer and rs
Wondering if and/or wear Vance Worley-like glasses when covering Philly sports?
And we know it's never simple, never easy..
Let's nip this in the bud then & stop telling people what to do
Thanks for the #FF! Have a creative week
It was a pink worksheet i believe. But i'm not gonna be in class tomorrow
Follow me:) We have the same birthdayy<33 April 24th!!
I wanna not dislike him, as a CFC fan, but when he does crap like that it's hard to support him.
getting drunk texts from somebody you used to like <
Love is a decision we make about how we treat other people.
my room is like a freaking oven...
Morning!!! Rise&shine<U+2600>
ik there freaking awesome I i heart u eyes brian
I've said too much already. My knee and thumb hurt.
Who's going to the Grizzlies game tonight?
you won me over last.week. #Teamyou!
its for a surprise birthday i just wanted to see if you and the guys could visit for an hour or two/cost
you look cute like always.(:
wonderful riff! love it, now I'm singing the whole album thanks for the ear worm.
Cool Springs with Mummy<U+E404>
what happened?!
Love was the best thing this week! And
Dang today's sunday school made me realize a lot of stuff
Overeem speaks! "Fighting is my business...it's my life...it's what I do best"
RT : Dear Vodka, you were supposed to make me funnier, smarter and a better dancer. I saw the video, we need to talk!!!
I don't go home enough either :/. Ah yes law school! I think I knew that! Good for u ;) how much longer?
You call me baby when you got other bitches sucking your dick :) #Priceless#
Poised Creation is committed to helping efficient non-profit organizations attach social welfare problems!
I don't know about you, but I ate like a bear getting ready to hibernate last night.
Stupid commercials ..
i got my phone taken away.
HAPPY BDAY TO ME ND YOU:)
My favorite song is a traditional folk song called, "The Hibiscus Highway".
Thank you for making this gloomy day much brighter so early in the morning.
lots of people are doing things at southern pacific brewing company now? haven't been there yet tho
Commercials suck.
Tell me what you stand for. Would you settle for less, or demand more?
WooHoo! We'll all be looking for it!
Loving "Thank You", super excited for your new album and happy for you! Get to Minnesota when you can! You are too close! Peace
starting is the hardest part...
stand for the silent, change this world and stop bullying !!!
Lelia F. Parker has officially been kicked out of my iMessages for the day...
it's a good pie but I rate it 5 out of 10 on a worldwide pizza scale #deepdish doesn't even rate a 2
It sounds like my upstairs neighbors are bowling with their dogs in high heels.
A5: The number of followers not as important as who those followers are.
leaving in a little over 2 hours.
Guess you're not on your way to Pebble.....
So...a little stress fracture in your foot will just heal itself eventually right? Yes? Good.
they go thru a lot on the show. Ima say some prayers.
Whiskey and Coke is barely calming my nerves... biggest half of the season coming up.
Thanks for the post - great read!
aww! thanks and agreed.. still your secret admirer :)
I'm drinking coffee now, what does that tell you? :)
Never save a hoe can't even get a lifesaver
I'm Not Even Trying To Think About School Tomorrow...
TY San Antonio! Awesome pic! From the way things look right now, the #RedSox need all the support they can get! ;)
Open auditions for Harry Masengale's film, Cancer Rising, 8/1/2010 1-4 PM. More info available at www.whitehairproductions.com
I miss you. So much<3 I try soo hard to see you always in my heart my love
What's your favourite HIM song?:3
can't i just have ladies and not "hoes?" haha
So pumped for tomorrow
Gold Card week is coming up! July 1 - 10! 20% off purchases!
watching the kca's orange carpet :)
Business in the front, party in the back.
DAMN COMMERCIALS!
show choir is awesome! Any idea about what to sing for high school showchoir tryouts?
Hi Rihanna, can I punch you in the face for old time sake?
If you're not in Nashville this weekend you're missing out ;)
Chiefin' like an Indian!!
I don't like you right now :)
It's raining really hard outside right now!!!
thanks! did you move yet?
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
BOO HOMEWORK! :S
That's right. I can't wait to see what our actors say when "hijinx" is the amount written on your checks.
PickUpLine: I had a wet dream about you last night. Help me make it a reality.
one would think they were s, but they are not. Just a buddy in need of
Well, I couldn't care less.
New twitter on the desktop.
Which Walmart?
Thats what you get for not coming to the gym with me
Listening to reminds me of January 2012. That was a confusing time in my life.
Great article! I have been studying Coach Knights philosophy, he preaches being simple and executing. Not big on surprise & chng.
Thanks for the #ff Niki! Right back at ya!
Who needs tofu when their are all these yummy little chickens YUM YUM!
Anyone having issues with RG&E? seems my only resolution is to switch companies.
Started smoking again. :( Bought the patch... again, and will put it on tomorrow.
"Communicate early, often, and honestly!" - #TweetAct #sls12 Credibility is a must.
Happy hour in the lower east side!
he says so much shit about you guys and i am going to care less from now
I JUST WOKE UP. I fell asleep doing a practice SAT.
just do it :-) You'll see. I already gave you an example
i mean do you actually have it somehow!??
And for a minimum of one year. I have to make sure our home habits are compatible.
i hate ron artest.
tonite at red room: NINJA - moderately progressive nu metal band that will REALLY get you going
"I did not ask for the life that I was given but it was given none the less, and with it I did my best." - Mr. Eko.... Lost!!
I Love meeting people that make me Smile!! :D
This is ugly: The share price of AMR down more than 30%.
That nightmare had me waking up late.
Penguins- Flyers has been entertaining but some really bad hockey. Looks like an All Star game but with fighting.
He's got 68 already! Your name should be
Going to see later today!
i dont know I'm watching it on Netflix
#nowwatching Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2
did you get my holiday card?
#fb mobile hack going into html5 session
Rovers Holiday Hangover w/everlast new found glory four year strong n some local talent, 4000+ fans, good times, beer n music
yeah neither do I but I got really confused when my mom said this was in PA because I'm pretty sure the BBC is British and all
LMAO!! AYE, AYE STOP THAT LOL": Oh Shit ! After 5 Years Dun Got A New Avi ! *claps hands*"
Just set up a staging server. For documentation. Uh....
We want your Holiday Stroll photos! submit your fave Old Town Holiday stroll pix 2 us and you could win a Sunday Brunch for 2!!
tornado warning in Princeton, IL!
Apparently, she would have no trouble getting cream for the coffee I'd buy her #Heyoooh!
rent is bad, and you should feel bad
Today's lunchtime walk has done wonders for my back. I may actually survive this week.
that'd be super fun if we all got to meet partied (:
its not a bad word!
It's 3 AM. The MLA server is no longer overwhelmed. There are 18-c lit jobs. All is well.
well.. You need to talk to Sean next time(: Just don't get all nervous and choke up. Haha
It's a great day so far! hope yours is awesome!
Sure. What do you want to know? I did a lot. Some of it is evidenced online.
did you find your keys?
Let's not get crazy. Solid young club but don't compare to Rays, Rangers, Yanks RT : nats world series champs
20 mile bike ride done listening to bob anderson
lady gaga is a role model. maybe not for you but for someone she is so #stfu and quit talking words that you cant even comprehend
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful moms out there whether your kuds are human or furry.
ALL DAY BRO. TRYING TO MAKE IT BACK DOWN THERE TO FUCK WIT U.
you would be awesome playing in Coach Cal's system.
whatever dude I miss those days. At least you could get away with being a crackhead back then. 2day we get shit for smoking shisha
check out www.saynplay.com for your son
haha im working on it. Maybe I'll just toss something up on band camp or something. :D
We don't mess around when it comes to good food and drinks either ; ) Hope you ladies have fun tonight!
We are happy to be a member!
Very helpful, thank you!
80 days 1941 hours 116463 minutes 6987806 seconds. History will be corrected!
Good luck to all the contestants competing in the Oklahoma & Tennessee International Pageants this weekend!
Awww (: <3 Thanks again for having me out! I'm down to help any day! (And by any, I mean really Sun, Mon, or Tues)
GAWD! These Anti Smoking Commercials Scare The Fuck Outta Me!
I thought you'd like it. :) mine better be of Niall.... ! Xx
Provost Pauly: Wow. After Dental students erupt with silly string and one inflatable monkey upon granting of their degrees.
Hope to see everyone at Collinfest on Saturday! De Queen, Arkansas here I come! :)
No, I guess they're policy/advocacy groups. But is there money enough to fund a PAC to the point it'd get anywhere?
I call it 'tough love'!
I Hope Austin is going 2 have a great time in Maimi !! :D I LOVE YOU AUSTYYY <U+2665><U+2665>
ill never understand why you past away when i was 12 but i always have my friends to be there for me #happymothersday mom i miss you
#aaasmtg Cornelia Dean,Nyt science reporter asks: What do journalists want from scientists? A good story. A narrative helps.
You're funny! Lol
Don't let one bad day kill your confidence and progress.
O_o I think i'm in love....okay, not really xD But I like this guy a lot.
Voting none stop for tonight <3
Live your life until love is found
I don't high five Girls, but ^5 Canadian super bball gal ;-} Smiles
Dinner isn't complete without describing what sperm looks like
I wonder how many people will think that tomorrow the Moon will be back at its regular distance from the Earth.
You know you have a good show ahead when Producer Brian Grazer is involved :)
what's your skype name?(:
RT : Ladies WISH i could LUV #Palin #Perry & bauch. But go by RECORDS not LINGO! MOMS look IN2 4 ur kids!
take me to mexico
LOL I didn't realize that
None of the people I saw with green frosted cupcakes were heading to my office.
yours is more current than Lenny Melnick's 1969 strategy!!!
Eh, rain again!
- I like the talking babies!
I'm tweeting now
Don't work so hard that the things you are working for get left behind.
everybody keep telling me they like my accent ...what accent? lol..cuz i dont hear it
We're looking forward to it!
IF U WERE AT MY KICKBACK TELL UP PARENTS NOT TO ANWSER THEIR PHONES FML NIGGAS
shut the fuck up Shol...ur just talking BS for no reason...I'm picking my shit up at 2 so have it ready lol
The attrition numbers make a case for the latter, but that should get better over time as the misperception is quashed.
Thank you! Great clients, great fans. RT : Great example, Patrick. did an awesome job for
#16 every time something really bad happens to me I say: it was bound to happen .
Loved 's modern interpretation of "Othello". How often to you get Metallica and Shakespeare in the same place?
go Vulcan, it's cool - sorry, thought you said shape your ears.
How dare you loop me in with these losers.
I Really want to see the
Hitler reference!
Stickers are going fast!
Speakers who talk about what life has taught them never fail to keep the attention of their listeners. Dale Carnegie
Thanks to our #slbootcamp partner, , for helping #gamify the boot camp per-work experience. Sharing 's use of gamification.
Waasssuppp ? Came back to New York . Omw to another flight to Chicago <333
If you can't reach the small goals you set for yourself (ex. Getting places on time), you have no chance with the big ones.
Agreed, that is too cute!
dude I'm really upset again
not my style but the wife love historical cook books
u at the park today?
#trueblood is like the new television crack. It has me itching for Sunday.
Donna Summer ... RIP ... Thanks 4 your brilliance & inspiration!
Mark Sanchez proves that he isn't a leader by claiming new deal shows he's a leader.
I need new toys.
Happy Charter Day to ; the Mu Nu Militia on the battlefield fighting for the betterment of society since 1976!
yum: 'Orbon' resulted from "pollination of the 'Lisbon' lemon by a variety of blood orange"
Haha. I certainly hope so!!
people are so shady.
Good artists copy, Great artists steal.
No problem is w/o solution. Some onus falls on MMA properties/athletes to find ways to add value for sponsors.
I'm bad because the good die young.
Sorry for my comment but, she's not a real mahomie. Because a real mahomie never stop supporting him. AND HE DIDN'T FORGET US !
Don't tweet what u can't fly
I bi polarly love you
Hi Jack. I was looking through my BlogSuccess affiliate links and some are not working. Going to CurationSoft 404. Any ideas?
Don't wanna go to school../:
Heading home to
Lost one follower :( <U+E058><U+E403> how can i gain it bac??? O.o thnx for all ur love and support and mahal ko kayong lahat!!!
No show until the new year. Be safe out there kids.
thank you so much! Its a begining. More info will me coming soon.
Mad Men always starts out slow. I'll catch up with the season about 3 or 4 more episodes in.
So what ya doin' the rest of the day?
So Cold, There is a winter scent outside. smells like slush and snow.
today i had to say good bye to my best friend for 3 months. honestly don't know where i'd be without her
TY! MT : Proud to be send copies of Georgetown house histories to rebuild the files at the Peabody Room Georgetown Library
RT : Never assume someone likes you for their sweetness. Sometimes, you’re just an option when they’re bored.
#SMH I'm wide awake @#$%%* lol good morning world !
Social networks are for optimistic expressions and opinions. They are not for negative illegitimate bullshit
It's been an interesting day. At least no one played a prank on me.
I know, my mom is always cussing them out lol. She would switch but she doesn't want to.
Key stakeholders - consider those for whom your win is their loss, what is a win for that group?
Crap the suns already coming up.
Is 22 years old a good age to have kids?
Hahaha, that would be awesome.
