love them both but Jenni's got nothing on Drita
I hope he got some up front
I love to see my ppl doing good things mane
Your welcome!!!
Must Follow!
#TheLumberGuy Orphaned a day after his birth, The Lumber Guy was raised by a special “nurse mare”...
My eyes burn
Out with a fellow writer tonight...Tweets are either going to be nonexistent or full of outlandish foolishness
In mere moments I have to walk into "that place" again. Oh such fun.
Poor neglected T. Will be back to normal by Sunday. ;)
hm so If we made a djent song would it be selling out?? lol or just awesome? x) weve done almost every other genre why not
Q6: Natl, state, and local leaders must hold elected official accountable (school board members, legislators)
hey,so how was your day? :)
All these sports spectators give me a fuckin headache STFU!!!! Nobody on my timeline is going to be in the NBA! #FUCKINIDIOTS lmao
Sure could use some Starbucks. Just need a sweet treat.
Well, heading back to gate. Ugh! Boys are doing well even with setback!
#FAD All wonderful people/biz to connect with!
i look like a 12-year-old wearing his dad's flip flops. like i need anything to make me look younger.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY MS. TISH!!!
LOL! Never touched the stuff in my life! #Justgoodtrivia! :-)
If love isn’t a game, then why are there so many players
You: "How do I look?" Friend: "You look pretty" Good Friend: "You look nice" Best Friend: "You look so horrible"
RT : IBM "building whisperer" system increases security & efficiency, decrease costs. Robo-museum?...
Follow us back please?:D
Still in shock that the Big Man Clarence Clemons is gone
nyssma solo today :X
different deals both days actually
is preparing for my trunk show at MoZaic Boutique in Bridgeville PA tomorrow.
Yo imma cut u for the next photo shoot. Already
PUPPIES AT MARSH!!!
who is that in your icon now?
People that cuss way to much... Watch YO mouF!!!
haha you are probably right. Pansy ass or not I got this ;)
Amazing how a band who "didn't have it" 6 months ago is taking the US by storm....Looks like the rest of the country actually has Ears
Ok, you can get certified, as an analyst now. Somehow my own heart would not be quite atwitter...Though I have quoted the Paul
I have 3 months to re-learn how to do math. I don't know if I'm up to the task.
"That's gotta be a base hit" - Steve Lyons. I guess he didn't see the bobble, followed by the throw bounced 5 ft. short.
Asian girls getting asses outta nowhere these days. Good bless asia. AIYA! Have mercy
is this you???
The Expendables 2 Trailer
I've been working on my Kurt Cobain Halloween costume since October 4 Finally get to put my greasy blond hair and scruffy face to use today
Thank you for having me on your show!! looking forward to next week's!!
“: I don't know where I am, or even if I'm moving.” Oh.
Let the destruction and reconstruction begin!
Movie posters..
hey everybody!! this is why i have been gone for a while!! i've been grounded!! so im back
Which location do you visit more? #Uptown or #LindenHills?
Am I the only one that thinks its freezing outside?
Currently experiencing server issues on our website. If you tried to register for #NCORE 2012 unsuccessfully, please try again on Monday.
Get in and get out with that W Paul!!!
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies. Mother Teresa
Q5 Provide opportunity to demonstrate learning in various ways, focus on learning not failure and allow chance to reassess.
Enjoy a #nudist special getaway 2 nights $200 visit us
Good to see you this morning! You better still wear that shirt in Florida!
I miss #myspace :O
haha maybe he was just sagging his pants too hard!
that could be more embarrassing than my ICP poster.
5 cadaver dogs hit and they won't dig I did my job now do yours Justice for Lindsay Wells Simi Ca
Excited about baseball for one main reason.. oh you know
Seeking a training developer - Chi area - web based training - Lectora & Captivate - 3 month contract. Interest:
oh wow. I thought that was in November
See you at the Earth Day Fair today. Find us at the booth in Balboa Park.
done and done! Good Luck!
oh okay:) I get it!!! And I meant okay instead of work day lol hahaha wow auto correct sucks monkey balls!!
Only a couple hours left to enter the raffle at the Frans Wildenhain exhibit preview booth.
#designbyfaith I like that!
on tv telemundo network .:D and you?
All of our homes include beautiful interior with hardwood floors, granite counter tops, stainless energy star appliances, and a bonus room!
Happy Birthday 2U sweety :) & God Bless!!
That one Where's Waldo page where everyone is a Waldo but the Waldos are all Freddy Mercury
I'm just a kid from the gutter makin my butter off these bloodsuckers cuz imma ma fuckin renegade
Great show at Humphries in SD tonight w/the Wheel! Always a treat to see you live & Steve Naive is one of my keyboard heroes!
You rang?
With big benefit dinner successfully wrapped up, now working on Lucie's 3rd birthday party!
Two years later and I realize it would have been a huge mistake. Thank you for looking out for me.
Had me a good sat. Ur. Day hbu
that mean you want to do that or run across Indiana with me?
Sickness from Hello day 5! Mercy
don't talk to me about it I hate you a little bit :(.
Thanks again for coming to share in our fun!!
I want to stop dreaming & live it.
When I first looked into ur eyes I seen more then a sexy body I seen a real ass person somebody I could be with n a bestfriend
very nice
Then they'll vote on , , and plans this afternoon.
that baby is huge!
#BEAUTY: Get your butt bikini ready and your legs lovely with these great exercises! goo.gl/v2rqB
good job? On what? For trying? Hahaha
Dear Seattle, your music history isn't as amazing as your music future. Take the blinders off.
+1 RT : Something about Monday really fires me up. Feels like a new beginning, a chance to build and create. Let's go.
was gonna share more corny ass jokes lol .... Actually, I got mad busy too tho so smh ... You're in the clear lol
good mighty (: grettings from BOLIVIA
going out in real world and getting info from real world opens conversations, democratic
I miss like hell..
. . . and like commodities they are practically fungible on the palate. there is still a scale of quality, but it’s monochromatic.
she said she only did that shit wit me, i could tell ur experienced u never once used ur teeth, .... Please.
Travel Channel ... watch out, you are about to launch a new superstar!
oh I know who he is I was just making a funny.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool half of these kids wouldnt last in the hood
About to check out the new renovated Madison Square Garden and the hottest show on Broadway
Thanks for following us, James!
Refs finally recognize an awful foul
“: Congrats to for being put on the front page of #SXSW today” Thank you!
I had a dream that Dr. and I used a time machine travel to the past to hangout with Isaac Newton. Both men continue to inspire me.
I really find it amazing that these people do theses things.
Done wit my tat. Wasn't as bad as I thought it would be
Ha ha ha. is a dumb fuck. He tweeted the wrong address for Zimmerman. Fucking moron.
cookie! what kind was that?
Valentine: Cards, flowers, candy will be in the trash a few days after, work on ur home priceless. 305-232-3344
Wow these people are chatty. How did they develop these incredible drawls?
I'll be at BlogWorld and hope to squeeze in some quality #BEA time! Perhaps we'll connect?
Tonight Come Join Me To Celebrate My Birthday 8PM The Dom Minasi Quintet:The University of the Streets www.universityofthestreets.org
Thanks for the good wishes!
What's up with LA police giving out a J walking tkt at 2am in the pouring rain and then the cop being a complete bioootch about it?
Don't look at me in that tone of voice!
My nephew
I know my room a mess, but can i fuck you on the sofa?
I utilize the twisosphere 4 advertising our services and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it wrong.
I'm not positive but I'm pretty sure it's spelled "losing"..
We hav a contest 4 a new snowboard. Head to our Facebook page. Details coming shortly. Contest wil start 5pm and run through Sun at 11:59pm.
you are so illegal it's rediculas!
“: GET IT” Definitely!
All teams are getting 50 minutes to practice on the game field today at Indiana Wesleyan University. First one at 12 pm, last one at 4 pm.
how come none of the services I use on my page seem to be updating? Some haven't updated in months? :(
hello flower all good with you
I love when I'm told what I'm doing by others. Shut the fuck up. You're not me so you obviously DON'T FUCKING KNOW
Will do. Thanks again!
RT if you have ever fallen asleep at school. :)
When you have given nothing, ask for nothing. - Albanian Proverb
There are a very select few of girls that can make me smile just by looking at me
Everytime I think of you I just want to be with you
Track 7 opening is busy, Wicked Wich is here and beers are being poured and drank. Nice sunny day for a brewery opening.
I seen a 17 yr old boy rockin uggz w/ the only gangsta grill on his face. Nigga u rockin' girl boots. U ain't killin nuffin but time son
my detective work begins tomorrow
the only risk is living next to Khajiits. Im not racist but ill be damned if im gonna let my daughter marry a feline humanoid.
you beat my hometown Packers & I still follow you. Congrats on a great game. Way to represent Central/South Florida.
I've shot the first challenge for Hassynyc--check it out!!
If I knew I wld never see you again I would have never let go, nEver got the chAnce to sAy goodbye HopE I put it out there that I 11x13
cant belive this nigga #DeionSanders got jumped by his ex n anutha broad in front of kids smh sumbody shulda least got choked or smacked ijs
Sounds like someone has a case of the MONDAYS! *giggle* *giggle* *giggle*RT : shrek asked me if it's "one of those days".
Nope! You just made my job easy.
You know what time it is? GAME DAY. & #Penguins, Game 1. STOKED.
We recommend sake bombs :) RT : Sushi and Kirin Ichiban at with and two fine ladies
#Top100Lies ...My Twitter app is working.
Voices Memphis Town hall meeting has started. We have guest panelists Tomeka Hart, Martavius Jones, Kenneth Whalum Jr. and Keith Williams.
start film in #nola middle may ..ill be at #alexbox to catch the #LSUbaseball #Vandy series may 11 hope to see ya
I am and you are the universe in motion!
Me too! It was so disappointing.
So glad I have two testicles. Did I say that out loud?
"Into paradise, may the angles lead you."
you're welcome! Hopefully that's it :)
I LOVE MOMMA!!!!! - water boy
$3.99 medium cheese pizzas from this week! get on brewcitybites and order some zaaaa!
Did you have a great birthday yesterday?
just got back from D.C. It was awesome.
Happy saturday #FF to you as well. :)
Doing the wave at lax
My sympathies! I didn't care for it much either. Got much further to go?
ur so lucky u get 2 work with <3 u must be VERY happy
so ready to fall asleep in the sun!
Audition #2 at University of Illinois. Wish me luck!
Positive thinking without positive action gets you positively nothing
he says still hasn't figured out women?
How is the Quickbooks Online integration coming?
From : The unbreakable wine glasses are definitely breakable. Me: WOOHOO!!! and it wasn't me!
I fuckin wish!
Thanks Shelley!
hope you're having fun! Ice cream date again soon, please. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I bet the Voice Acting for that series is incredible! I always get teary-eyed when I watch The Never Ending Story.
You are a great organization! Thanks for following us!
“: not if the guy does it right, we don't”. Very true!
What you know?
wow! I need to start traveling again.
you too Coral ;)
How can you not read Schwarzenegger's tweets with Arnold's voice?
you living it up in brip?
Mike Tuson.Cheers to u both.
Why is it always so cold in this office?! I need to bring some gloves.
good to know! Excited to try it
So who is the greatest country legend of all time?
So far, very speedy. Been on a couple of walks around the block, eating real food. Big progress! Also, Happy Mother's Day!!
You've created an 80 ft high border fence as a memorial. Doesn't work.
Have I missed a skype call?
Start with the brand, not with the influencer; build on those already interested in your brand - #dsum12 via
Profile: The Sudden Rise of Anthony Stolarz
Heard the only tx for #ATX left are at stubhub. Win some in the next 15 minutes by listening to !
haha no, I'm not a big drinker. My best friends just got home this week from college. So we all get to hang out tonight!
RT: "My best friend, , is a bad ass. #realtalk #proudofmuhhomegurl" Ha, thanks for the love!
well. that was sad.
MOM ALWAYS SAID I was special ;)
Anyone having luck finding decent tickets to the games in #Catlanta?
12:00 PM - Visit the for *free*
": One day.... I'm telling you... One day, I'm going to take a picture of tourist taking pictures.." And very soon it will be me :)
Lol so the Lakers lose by 30 and Kobe get a pass. Heat lose by 3 and wade missing lay ups....look at the LeBron hate.
BALLS DEEP
Thanks Molly! Now following all! :-)
Sad to hear about Earl Scruggs dying. remember like it was yesterday his performance at NC State Fair when I was a kid. Special memory.
Im On My Grind wit dis Rap shit wana callab just hit me up on da Book or on Twitter -or Off my Jakk - So Turn Up
Oh! I disovered pic monkey and sort of ran with that! But I'll def check out your suggestion. Thanks!
Late game scrum. Brad Ross picks up an extra two for being Brad Ross. He's been caught twice for that tonight.
Campaigning through deep WKY...Murray, Wingo, Hickman, Mayfield, now on to Paducah. Big crowds, big momentum!
Damn..he basically missed the free throw that ended they season
wow Craigslist is poppin with braiders. I am not about that high-end salon braids life so thanks!
Best offense vs a zone....ORB!
seriously? Is this all because of 'Creep?' “: RT : No. Really. They should put Carrie Manolakos on GIRLS....”
I voted! Now I'm preparing to work like hell for whichever Dem candidate wins tonight. Anybody with me?
What am I gonna do today? Not a thing.
After finding out that my local hospitals don't do non-directed lining donations, I'm really stumped to know where to go.
If you have pictures of you shirtless with a bow tie on we can't be friends
Pants on the ground, Pants on the ground, is looking like a fool with his pants on the ground.
Is at work waiting for my host of the party!
Austin Kiplinger speaking. Says that g
kudos to whoever made that jerry brown paper mache head. it's an incredible likeness.
Yes... Remember to clench really tight while hitch hiking...
Have a great weekend to my new tweeps:
hell yeah! It's TITTY TUESDAY!
Haven't been sleeping to well lately!My life is sad,I need a Band!
gah that is my favorite drive, favorite place, favorite everything. so jealous.
Mine too
#HIDEOUT 4.13.12 & PRESENTS GRAND OPENING OF / 20+ CONFIRMED NFL PLAYERS
thanks! I love trying new places when I go down, but we end up at the same places!
#librotraficante caravan has crossed into Alburquerque.
goodnight! :) x
Rain loves broccoli and cabbage and cucumbers and tomatoes.
. Haha. Always. I can pick up on the "what?" 'tude just by the body language.
you know how we do it!!! I wish I cld be there too! Trust me, our day is coming very soon! Love you BUNCHES!!!
#Santorum: #Romney and #Gingrich accept global warming. But I spoke up and said, this isn't climate science, this is political science.
I'm using Heidi Klum's trainer, David Kirsch, via his book - and I am SORE, but the jigglies are definitely toning up! :D
thanks! Did you book your day 2 stack?
& alum Kaya Henderson says, Don't be afraid 2 challenge status quo & question the norm
I'm an addict for dramatics, I confuse the two for love.
Once again the ticket inspector looked at me and walked away. Maybe they can sense my socially awkwardness and just let me go with assum ...
Yeah, but less malicious. Also, I'm disappointed in myself for ignoring the potential for a Fresh Prince joke in my last tweet.
go ron pual! i wish them made him president
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. -Mohandas Gandhi
I will when I get more time to play
Try more, failure is only an illusion.
Me too.
No, more like 90%.
what's up. I replied to your email the other day. Did you get it?
Good am to you do, whatks doing? I c how busy u are, like that.
You keep recreating what you need to learn until you are willing to feel and learn the lesson for your healing.
Aaachoooo! Sniffle, sniffle. Hack, hack, hack.
its sad how many hours you could be on Tumblr
I get so distracted with some people's reactions that I don't see my own faults.
LMBO ~!! ===> RT He is not gonna be breathing on me and one yawn or small cough he gonna have to move
human rights, stem cell research, gay rights, women in the global workplace--what will matter abt these issues is how they affect job growth
the waiting list takes a few weeks! excited to get my first one :)
I hate your twitter virus. What the hell you been doin over there
I wonder if any of my followers has had a dream about me tho and would they say they have before???? LOL
your welcome :)
aww that sucks. But we will have an episode to see what you missed! :D
Microsoft's new search engine Bing is now available at www.bing.com
Change, shit i guess change is good for any of us.
the sad thing is that my recollection is that hoch was the safe pick. Lincecum was high risk bc of his size. Hoch or miller
I have Two solo albums "Dekonstruktion of the Mind" and "Okai's Odyssey" find them both on OkaiMusik.com
haha nice one april ;)
I just adore Sandra Bullock
Try to pretend that I never even knew your name, cause everything you are disgusts me
Fake people need to go extinct
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job? Can you help?
Ohn ohh, the LeBrons might go down. Bron bron, you have got to hit those free throws.
Lakers fans are hung up on the idea that ppl dislike their team b/c they have rings. Not true at all. The Lakers are just not very like able
I love girls who play golf
I like a teacher who gives you something to take home to think about besides homework. - Edith Ann
Who's ready for the Super Bowl? For the super bowl ads? Who's your pick?
In response to a Q abt whether his native Germany is concerned abt US debt, Amb. Albrecht Conze says, "We are concerned abt all deficits."
I find problems with every home we look at! I just cannot decide! What is going to help me make up my mind?
Looks like it might be an old Century LekoLite -v and are those asbestos leads?
Phew! Because all that flying in Quidditch is a dangerous bit! My son plays baseball and soccer (but not goalie).
Thanks 4 the feedback. Kids' 123GoTV on sale- 50% off til Jan 2nd. Let your cycling fams know. Great in the cold.
The brewers are more frustrating on gamecast than on tv
hahhah! so uhh...since when does alex have a girlfriend..?
sounds fascinating. haha.
Damn life's a bitch
The Subversive Archaeologist: Well! It&#39;s About Time! Tom Higham ...
It's raining. -_-
Just like the town rapist
Wys ": Hope I get these cause lord knows Me need them"
RT : Hey pundit: Just 'cause you're bullying an adult doesn't make it ok.
I do corporate PR, but my main client is a smart grid T&D company. It's super cool, and I enjoy working with them!
Kayne Anderson MLP Investment Company Completes Private Placement of Senior Notes
ok sent an email while logged under the profile name squashcannons
You just dont know!!!! im freezing!!!
I'll be working too blah. Order lunch in, we did! (from - SO GOOD & my sis is offc mgr there).
Happy #FF to my newest followers!!
It's official. is the best music to listen to when driving in the summer.
Do you care about the planet? Us too thats why we use NO V.O.C. every chance we get. Help us save the planet by letting us paint your place.
Tweet me while I'm doing my homework! c:
Not even all big symphony orchestras have same model.
everyone in cudahy is already drunk :)
We haven't had a show in a week or two but we are still working! Business is a part of the industry #please dont forget about us!
Padres have been swept by the Marlins. Bo.
OH MY!! This is too good for people to know about!!
thank you so much to our sponsors for this amazing event!
hey i voxered you :(
I tuned in late and missed the lines...I see McIntyre is in, who's out?
Heard two radio interviews about Damien #Hirst retrospective at the #Tate. I still vividly remember his work at
good times O. I always gets so inspired and #pumped when I talk to you!
"as if" "it was his 50th birthday"
I'm so going!
yyeeaahhh man party hard this wknd buddy
In other news, check out Angels & Airwaves-Do it for me now. I will be listening to this on repeat today.
Today from 12-2 see #anhkc Brown Bag Lunch on Crossing the Line: Art and Design. The Professional Association for Design will lead the talk.
Holy crap, Quick!
really?! I didnt know you lived here!
Way to go America, you're #fat. At least no WI cities made the top ten, but there r still fatties here.
The minute-by-minute account of the Titanic disaster by is kind of freaking me out. Unfollow?
Come celebrate Cinco de Mayo with us here at Sandia Springs Lounge! See y'all!!
TY! I like that. Hope your day has been triumphant. ;-)
So it's damn near may and it's fuckin freezin, the fuck
I know that your not mine to miss, but that doesn't mean that I don't miss you still.
thank you!!
Very good. Cameo of the Ponds.
crazy talk indeed!
Breaking out the PS2.
I'm listening
Laughs come from my mouth when you tweet.
Relationships arent complicated just dat we make it complicated
ok lol I'm going sleep too xD
good thing I've just printed myself a pile of reading!
damn lol, we always come on Friday. Well me and jas are gonna have to plan spending the weekend up Rogers sometime.
Niggah Fame OuT With his Kevin Federline Ass Niggah
"Talent, if you have it, is a gift from God. Using it well is your gift to God."
Don't complain about being broke or not getting what ur worth if your not willing 2 go get what ur worth.
The only thing I enjoy about school is getting new school supplies! Pens and notebooks and post-its actually excite me. How sad, right?
I love your new blog redesign. Do you mind sharing the company? I am in my own blog predicament!
Well we will be doing auditions soon, try ur luck
He had a great life with plenty of money why I am busting my ass working 2 jobs and I fight everyday to stay Alive.
Got a new case for my iphone. BUMPER
If you didn't have a Modest Mouse phase then we'll probably never be friends
You're angry at me for that? That's cool, just let me know when you grow up.
Thank you for sharing the resources list.
We are on Facebook under - "Progress Lighting Discount" Please give us a like and follow us to save!!!!!
dude i have school tomorrow plus get redy to get yelled at tomorrow well goodnight
#HappyBdayKyleEven <33 :) hope you have a great birthday!!
Congrats to the Packers on a great win. You have done Wisconsin proud!
Here in San Diego it's just another ho hum day in paradise.
I'm loving my new Keurig! All this caffeine has got me running around today - first up, laundry!
Omfg I just saw a hot boy name brandon on dance moms and he is like super sexy lol
sea foam green (; follow back please
I'm glad you're back!
Thanks For supporting my Mom :) This is my Other ACcount i Followed you :)
can I just say it was amazing :) & in 3D...i felt like I could touch the Avengers! hahaha, you MUST see it!
I know, right? There are some bad mother truckers out there.
I'm more in love with you today than I was yesterday
indeed. I start tomorrow. Just moved back to SD from LA.
#musicmonday money to blow;wait your turn;hard.
a day off! just me, a dog, & a to-do list. one of the first items is to organize stack of unopened PMLAs in the living room.
True, but why penalize Thomas for flying instead of NFL then? RT a good point. but montana's exploits were football related.
Thank you Mr. President.
It's been a rough night but i got the answer I needed. Thanks
Thanks! RT : Happy anniversary!!
Why do I still get nervous every time I watch this movie and hope that they miss the iceberg? Lol
"I wasn't that drunk.", "Dude, you were asking my cat why he killed Mufasa"
Rock of ages is fun x)
I can't wait to hit you up when Miami gets beat, particularly if it's Boston. Go on record, if Bosh is out it won't matter? Title?
My fav part to teach!!! RT “: Today in 1607: Colony settled at Jamestown in present-day Virginia.
Starting a teacher YA book club. What book would you chose as the 1st to read? #tlchat Ideas so far: Wonder, Future of Us, Matched
looks good nigga
who's rich?
Living your Dream instead of your job is so amazing! It's time you follow your dreams.
Representing the #pack and wearing my green and gold to work!
Mike Woodson is going to be Knicks coach Dolan will not have Woody drop agent then hire Phil dats nots going 2 happen
Life's hard till you learn it's just a game.
Yes perfect! Photos around 4, so maybe after?
Accident westbound Tropicana heading toward I-15 south blocking a lane
If I was a rapper I would say things like I just got home from a show or I want to thank my followers or Im grinding or the world aint ready
When I need you the most, you're not there
take out the battery and put back in :)
Which insect didn't play well in goal?The fumble bee!
is a
what's good
yeah our place in Orlando we probally will have an hour left but we have been driving for 12 hours 2day and 5 yesterday
I wasn't trying to say you were literally crazy. I was just being playful
Sorry! You can have the next one.
I honestly think that THE BEST software implementers are those that have been Sales/Mktg VP's as well as IT Directors. They know all sides
Got vm message from Mike Huckabee: press 1 to add my name to petition to repeal Obama healthcare. I better not show up on that petition.
oh yeah! i do remember! lol! thats good!!!(:
There's a scholarship for people w/ 5 yr interruptions in their studies. Behold another reason not to come back in the fall.
need a new bathing suit..
i did, but then got hammered and forgot! Should be posted soon.
#LoudTour will definitely go unforgotten!
Im at my audtion with the bestfrann brittany and omg am i nervous :P
So im gonna watch grave encounters right now lol
When you decide to stop waiting for success and go after it, plan your work doing the important tasks.
Oh your funny Girls look like mom most of the time so you made out good :)
Congratulations on your launch of BrdsNBz Text Line! via
CHECK YOUR DM
Seeking a #System Administrator# with E-Discovery experience. Please contact
Only on a weekend or holiday do I wake up thinking about what to make for dinner. Pray the rain holds off so I can bbq.
I will, Hayden! haha
#ChasingTheSun Time to memorize some lyrics ...
Nebraska AD on Suh.... "When Ndamukong calls, I always listen. And if I don’t listen, he'll break my neck". Typical of Detroit players
new website will launch later than expected, but getting excited!
Something's need to stay buried; Coolio's "Gangster's Paradise" for instance.
I'm around, lets meetup! any day should work for me. Chad, now that you are a man, time for that #beard!
RT exercise and healthy eating are in,love is still out </3
Has a feelin that this will be a good day! :) gonna enjoy my last week at chs.
Before I would always log on Facebook before everything else. Now I get on Twitter every morning.
um.. well LETS DO IT THEN! (;
Sweet...Check out one of Cape Surf's shops, we'll give you 35% off clothes for dropping by...New shop right south of coconuts
Just looking forward to Beirut tonight at
What I think is weird is that she was a full lesbian, before meeting me, she said I made her feel different and she did not care if I was bi
I had a great day overall. Had to drop some friends to gain some good in return.
I got some new tatt designs that are fire and I'm itchin' to do em. Bout to 420 it up.
Next weekend better not go by so fast
Why am I so nice thou?
Come on Teal...you're way overdue.
Nope. maybe they'll send us free samples for tweeting it. lol!
You get a gold star. : )
Drop Dead Gorgeous is hilarious! Amy Adams killed it! :)
Life will always be filled with twists and turns and ups and downs... It is how we choose to handle them that makes us who we are...
Beautiful saturday !
Good morning y'all what's for breakfast ? Oo by the way happy birthday to the homie ron carrillo one of the flyone krew let's do this bro !
Okay, I will google the name later, but don't know which one is Jeffrey. I admit not watched in a long time
Hey del how your day
Got 3rd place last night at the battle of the bands at Keynote. cant complain =)
Lombardi has Drama Desk, Drama League & Outer Critics Circle noms. Sat. "Coach" called a pick at NFL Draft. The audience diversity continues
Happiness to you both and great and prosperous New Year!
I fall, I rise, I make mistakes, I live, I learn, I've been hurt but I'm alive. I'm human, I'm not perfect but I'm thankful <U+2665>
I love old-man sweaters and leg warmers.
cool with me!
Noted: Audience Partners: top magazine read by Democrats. #Targus interactive insight summit
Im a fool & i know it <3
you both smell nice!
Does #dancing count as #exercise? Get out, support local music & dance to some good tunes!
Agreed... decent prices, excellent popcorn, and serving sizes meant for humans, not small African villages.
Got a file not found error
Moving day is finally here!
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I don't put up with liars, cheaters, fakes, whores, assholes or douche bags. If thats you get the fuck out of my life.
hey and I are on our way
Why the fuck....never mind.
no thanks..anything that is related to you or your subs further exploiting Norma Jeane, I AM OUT.
Le michael hasn't been over, then i remembered what happened, oh whale
Absolutely. I'm looking forward to the symposium.
": Catching up with one of my favorite chicas !!!!" coffee and gossip
Foul on Moore. Complete BS
Someone please explain to me how people can hate in the name of God? It makes no sense to me at all!
Help! Our family is among the first victims of President Obama's war on traditional marriage. Need a support group NOW! Any leads?
In case you've missed it: We are live tweeting Jackie's Dyngus Day over here:
“The hottest places in hell are reserved for those who in times of great moral crises maintain their neutrality.” – Dante
Totally relaxing today. Thank you very much , cityglamevents.com welcome our new intern for the dedication and great work.
Finally gonna watch Avengers tonight
Up all last night untin noon thisafternoon #editing video with FCPx that program sucks! upgraded to Adobe Premier instead.
do somethingyou'llrememberbc we only get about 25 in our life, and 4of those I can't remember!
I unfortunately don't think my beard is going to get very thick
looking at apartments online in LA for fun and it just makes me so excited for after graduation and all the possibilities!
those we check out while swimming haha
#NFAIS12 Questions about China/US, language, translation and US researchers visiting China less than Chinese researchers visit the US.
Tell them, "god, I hate bigots!...oh, no offense."
weird...keep gaining followers but numbers don't go up!
{As long as there is people on earth, there will be imperfections. Relationships are worth going past uncomfortable imperfections.}
!!!! RT : Tigers blow it in the ninth. Indians have a season-high three-game lead in the AL Central.
(c) owners want most to avoid cost, need to be incented to be more findable
yeah I know baby I'll talk to u when u wake up
It's the kind of tired sleep can't fix.
I seriously need to be at
So hype. Going to game 5 between the flyers and devils thanks to the best girlfriend in the world!!
never a prob u the best lab in the bay hands dwn
Just stay with Jesus and He'll never let u down& never let u go and walk with through things&u won't believe what he can bring u thru+do4U!
Vote Justin bieber vma
everything I read says Jefferson to uk is a long shot at best.
FCTOA hasnt begun yet sit tight dont sale your train ticket just yet... editors words
umm. yes. you cant tell me you expected 7 runs in the 1st.
but your learning it though, so it won't surprise in the future
First ice cream truck of the year!
Can't what?
The United States, per year, holds roughly 300,000 illegal immigrants in immigration detention centers.
I'm always up for a chat. Hmu
just checked out your blog, very informative.
Last Computer Repair in #Pittsburgh: TOSHIBA SATELLITE L355D DC Jack Replacement........
Getting my house in order
What kind of content do you want to see from us? Tweet us and let us know!
omg haha. Thanks for telling me (:
Cause for celebration: I found a lost earring.
Unless your farm is stocked (ours is not), injuries (1) cost money; or (2) cost production. Can't see DM getting the OK to spend now.
:D made my day and I saw you at acoustic Christmas you were amazing!
Nets and Knicks game today:)
he needs a good woman like me that doesn't use him and has a life of her own
Everyone says we'd be cute together, but she'll always be in the way...
CHALE homie! Hahaha. That environment is not for me.
dude we could...i know dbz like the back of my hand lol
I seriously think of y'all every time I eat an omelet, too.
Settling in at a table up front for #murmuration. Spoon playing on the pa, what else? Come say hi :-)
Television enables you to be entertained in your home by people you wouldn't have in your home.
I think it's sold out
Have we been mistaken all along? Is the velociraptor known as Chris Bosh the real reason the Heat are so dominant?
I want to piss my pants and never take them off
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.<U+2764>
Abeachdude Orlando BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!! One very cold Teddy Bear here!
#harrypotter stole my heart!! 10 years since this series began, my heart is breaking now that it is finally over! What a epic end!
Lame! RT : lol I'm done with u
Vick will, of course! They didn't even use the one they have for Rick Pitino, so what's the point. But if he starts losing...
77Degrees out. Sun Shinning Blue sky's but i Still need a Hoodie On like im on the Block 10Feet Tall., SMFH
"No act of kindness, no matter how small is ever wasted." - Who's Aesop #Boston #DoGood #GiveBack For you to Please Retweet
Yall look like twins
I've been using that issue to wrap my glassware in for moving :)
We've got the perfect suggestion for anyone especially hungry today. Try #SUBWAY's Smokehouse BBQ Chicken sub. It's smokin!
“Education’s purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.” ~ Malcolm Forbes
Talk about jet lag -_-.......car lag
Great Easter ! :') Thankyou God for keeping me healthy and safe.
I hope my new fancy vibrator comes in the mail today!!
just filing papers since we at the new office
Another Beautiful day here in the studio. Making hits. Very blessed to be surrounded by good people
What if HIMYM ends with this story being told to the kids before their mothers funeral?
I guess the previews aren't up for the US store yet D::
Hearing a lot about Texas and Colorado economic development compared to CA today. What can CA learn from them?
Perish the thought! I'm wearing big girl pants and shoes for the 1st time in 10 years! Mostly no jeans and def. no flip flops.
Still eating turkey, so our thanksgiving is still going strong. LOL.
Other people may not have had high expectations for me... but I had high expectations for myself. - Shannon Miller
Hey how is everyone doing? We want to rock out for all of you very soon!
S/o to my boy for putting me on that Curren$y tip!!!!
New show! We'll be with Billy Otten (Bull Dancer) on March 14th - All Ages!
Confused but Proud.
ohana means never having to say you're sorry
And Kentucky wins, to the surprise of no one. My bracket didn't go so well this year.
2 baby bumps in 1 English class!!!!
How many open jumpers boozer gonna miss????
you aint doing nothing?
"Two week rule"...does absence really make the heart grow fonder?
HA! me too^.^ omg! #808Represent ^.^ go #8Flavahz ^.^
Revising Website for National Launch. #ContraAlliance is going DIGITAL.
Wow! So many thanks to corporate sponsor Market Genomics for supporting and #NYE2012!
Fantastic. I'll looking forward to it. I'll dm you :)
Love waking up to baby pictures posted on my wall by my gran at 2am. that's eight hours of pure humility. And they weren't even cute ones!
first amare, now bryce harper. players cant be injuring they damn self smh
whats good my dude this ya boy Solo Xquzit.
Is anybody listening? Radio listenership is up but not for news. The Internet is the news source of choice. #vocus #State of the Media
Happy Birthday... Joe Blanton on the hill tonight for a birthday bonanza victory
i wish you would see all my #imagine tweets.. it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites:) -anna (18)
I dare you to move.
lol now you know how shitty white people feel every election when its two white clowns. Jackass 1 or Jackass 2, hm.. lol
yes they are...polished up my writing, that's for sure
#TEAMVIRGO ALL DAY EVERYDAY
To the car dealer who told me not to bother getting all wheel drive b/c Indy NEVER gets that much ice/snow: Guess I made a good choice, huh?
I'm always nervous before meetings. Advice?
Don't count us out until the game is over....
It looks like a freakin night club outside my house! screw you lightning! D;
Definitive Guide to Display Ports. Good post about hooking your Mac up to different displays/projectors
February is national cherry month. Do you like a cherry on your Chick-fil-A Milkshake?
Crocheting and watching a Finnish movie about WWII after a day spent riding, prepping a Tufts presentation, and reading for YEPS.
can I get a RT from my favorite ESPN on air personality? Thx, you rock Beadle!
Gettin electric up in here at the fieldhouse
At least invest in a fat suit for me okay? This is my dream, Alex.
weird conversation #1 : *smack* "strange" *Smack* "strange-er" *SmacK* "strange-est" *SMACK* "OWWWW !"
Lipstick on a pig!
Zach tweeted me yesterday
It's a dreary November day, but beautiful in it's own way. Makes me want to read some Poe.
More specifically this idea is called "the Mars Consortium". Google it some time
Listening to Christmas songs that appeared on my iTunes. I feel more Christmassy now than I did at Christmas!
follow back ?
I hate when people walk out in front of you and walk all slow like wtf
youngin on his grind
Horrible day. Just bad...
hey beautiful! I know I was so sad! I just got a new internship in FL so couldn't get time off to fly back! :( xx
No one knows yet.
That good? Brandon Flowers was on top form tonight at Brum Academy. In fact it's one of the best gigs I've ever been to.
Craigslist should be a source of traffic, not for actually selling the home. via
See you at the iddba and try our crisps at our booth.
Went shopping on Friday and only bought shirts. Now time for shorts.
I have just created a new list titled 'Org Development' using TweetDeck, follow it here: /org-development
At 5 PM tonight the Spurs Five O'Clock Feeding Frenzy goes down! We're giving out all our tickets for the next playoff game at once!
SAG-AFTRA National Commercial callback today. Fingers crossed.
No internet so I use my wifi
I never tweet anymore that has to STOP!! lol
sometimes I need a night out of that city…
Morning tworld! Not really wanting to get up, but gotta be productive. Hope you all have a great day.
yea, i'll see what i can throw your way
#Trivia What year did Izod Center open?
Thx for being my life partner >"No measure of time with you will be long enough. But let's start with forever." - Ed Cullen.
We are closed today - hopefully everyone enjoying the 4th of July!
the party u left work at 5pm for?! DANA
You can call me Mr. 420 the Ghetto Maestro
yeah no one likes sleep....but even less people like meth heads lol
Lions show interest in Ryan grant.
I'm Emma Ross. Whos Peyton? ;)
Tell me you aren't trying this again? Tell me.
Agree-only time will tell! Tons of parents do things correctly & tons incorrectly -Both have lasting impact but which is which?
I'm the one that always has to squeeze btw the kiddos~! lol
That moment when I realize how much I actually miss doing tech :/
let's get a crew together so we can try out for
crack cupcakes>>>
Hi, this is Niuton Rodrigues. This is my Twitter account, just so you know who I am
Fuck that intern that's supposed to be my therapist. I have :-)
I had HORRIBLE service from #Clear. Sorry you've had the nightmare too. I RT tweets from #UnhappyClearCustomers to warn people.
Working on campus level implementation strategies for The Orange Grove.
happier than you will ever know. Every smile you give me, every sweet story. Every fact I learn from you. everything that you are i love
So tired but have so much work due tomorrow
When your little sister wakes up scared and comes to sleep with you for safety>
thanks for the #FF Have a great weekend!
Awww!!! Hahah!!! Lexi loves Louis. Omg. they'd be cute together! hahah!
Gud morning to all the mfs who didn't scare me with they face today....u look sexy when u wake up ;-)
in one if his interviews he said he was going back to Ohio to give gifts to his brothers for Christmas....?
You have a nice smile, I like yo haaaiir hahahaha
A1: Make smart decisions that fit within my lifestyle. Take the stairs, play with the kids, eat well.
Thanks for the follow, Ville
Oh ok. I met ppl like that but at the end day none of that shouldmatter because you achieved what you set out to do.
Yup those big C's are really lame.
You're awesome. Thanks so much for your time! I'll keep stalking your calendar in hopes of a face-to-face meet-up soon!
Do you see what happens Larry when you find a stranger in the Alps?
Best plays I've seen tonight have been blocks.
"What! No finger bowls!"
I agree on both and with jonathan Martin and Alshon jefferies still available look for some activity
D3 good luck wishes going out to: B.B., M.H. & T.O. today. Congrats to V.F.!
Hopefully its about time!!! GOCUBSGO!!
I don't know, but I use it for my GTD lists, my digital reference system, everything. It's wonderful.
Leave it to me to break the garage door -_-
we'll be back!
#ala11 lots of wine and chocolate flowing now in booth 3115!
That's words to live by
DSM tweeps; anyone know of a travel agent standing by to book tix for Iowa/ISU bowl games? DM me, working on story for 10
#thoughtsduringoralsex the human mouth has more bacteria than America and Canada combined still feels good tho
i know if doesnt walk upstairs and bring me something to drink we gon have some issues.
Thanks Love
Escape to Las Vegas and book your room through MVP choose from the many properties we represent take a tour @ www.myvegaspeople.com
I'll never say it. You know that
surprised.. Umm more like hurt smh.. Skylar should have been safe not holly sorry but hey...
The Facebook link isn't working.It would make my life to go to this!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091>
Breaking News: Harry Reid's reference to President Obama as "light skinned" discussed on cable news by countless light skinned commentators.
check out this web site for updates on what's sustainable and green in building and real estate. www.greenkeyrealestate.com
hopefully soon! we currently cover the east coast.
Nacho cheese!
I was born in the desert, raised in a lion's den
High stick put S. Fournier in the box...special teams critical for both sides here
twitter is a bad venue for this conversation.
My grandma's funeral was sad, yet beautiful. I miss her so much, but I know she's in good hands. <U+2764>
me too!! I never trust a dog to watch my food I like to use the word dude as a noun or an adverb or an adjective
7year old has been fighting cancer and his last wish is to trend #PrayForLewisMighty help make his wish come true.
Must. Stop. Working. But it's so fun building a *thing*
I'm praying in agreement with you, buddy!!
She claim team no ass shots ...but iiiiiddddonnuo lmao
Been up all nite man...n da studio...World finna change when ya boi release ds hits....#TeamGoodShit...Dats me lets go!!!!
“: Thanks for the 1st birthday shout out for Roman this morning! So fun!” so handsome!!
Haven't tweeted in a minute. Sup people?
Kelly, treasure hunt sounds fun! I'll be looking for u. My base camp will be booth #602 at
I hold the door until I see the hypocycloids on your Steelers hat.
Oof, my cold is just as stubborn as I am. GO AWAY, COUGH! kthxbai.
Is it safe to do a scrub like this to the face?
On the plus side, everyday I come to the gym a car pulls out and I get a front row spot. #conspiracy ?
ah she so relentless , body of a goddess and I gotta take her higher <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><U+2764>
Getting ready to launch our Kickstarter campaign!! Stay tuned....
500 days of summer > Hands down, best movie ever.
Putting the finishing touches on my poster today! Sending off to the printer tomorrow!
I wish we lived closer to each other!
Love is delusion that one woman differs from another
*<):0) have a great weekend
Yes, think positive.
Fell asleep at like 7 yet im tired as fuck.
Don't let the days of your lives pass by
All i could do was stand there and nod..
There's a lot of info out there. 75k is average for many novels (SF, mystery, etc.) 100-120k for fantasy, but longer than that...
Half day. The we go find out whats wrong with her knee.
Don't get me started on SC2. After a decade wait, my rig can't handle high settings. I refuse to play until i can do it right
Exactly! Friends would just be distracting me from the perfection.
Chilly? Come to for some soup: Corn Chowder * Moroccan Lentil 2day!
I'd drag his bald headed as around town, not giving a single fuck.
Yo mama's so dumb, she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
Woot woot pens win 8th game in a row! :D
hey Red :)
He actually texted me first, I'm kind of shocked. #yeeeee c:
It makes me sad when my friends are sad
yeah that's the only weird part about it so I'm prob not gonna do it lmfao
Game night at the Kilt starts at 9pm! Video games, shuffle board, pool, OH MY! And the best part? Reverse Happy Hour to wash it all down.
I enjoyed meeting you and learning the real peeps behind the twitter handles at #foodprt. Hope to see you again.
Gonna go cry myself to sleep now that my self esteem is basically gone. Lmao good lordy.
you're a bitch
what happened to it?
I'm following you bitches! X
im not a whore but i like to do it.
Tebow is not an NFL QB! #HOP Tim Tebow 95.4 QB rating and a W in OT...people who hate, need to look in the mirror.
Wow! Interesting RT : Kentucky Senate Majority Leader David Williams will be on KSR Radio with me
When school computers go slow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><U+27A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><U+27A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Gotta get a hair cut today and get ready to cross the stage tomorrow
I blew past that, but ok, if that's their point, then that's their point. Check their website if u want more info on that.
I find all my friends on omegle.
Arriving at the airport
I am (: please follow me or rt me! (;
I just successfully did nothing all period.
Oh Big Brother...Dani is done she dug her own grave!! I still love Jeff & Jordan!! Brenchel is still annoying!!
Congrats on a great season. You got guys into WNCAA bball, and not only cause of your looks, you got game.
Old men seriously make my life complete .. They are so sweet !
I KNOW IT WAS SO FUNNY and then her vocals she's like dickk in yoo face put my dick in yo face !! lmfao i love her !!!
shame on u.... lol
I may just buy a chevy sonic bc they produced one of my favorite car commercials of all time. And then donate it to charity. But still.
Grab your Ass and fly
I love you more than words could ever describe.
There's not a whole lot of new atoms out there. -Denny Mcdonough
Position players pitching < pitchers hitting but I'll take Chris Davis warming in the 'pen. Couldn't do it at the plate today...redemption?
I wish our hearts could come together as one.
first gisele sighting!
I don't know why but i looked at the stoopid picture from teh ica's stoopid party from the weekend. duck lips and spray tans everywhere.
Will somebody please give a shoutout to !? It would mean a lot. He is trying to reach 100 before Christmas
hope & yeah
3. JGillard will win the ballot on Monday (if there even is one)
Asshat Bigot it is, then!
I love how Naum says Twitter. He says it like, "tweeter" hahaha
In Germany .... not so much. Which is why my wife makes fun of me.
I don't think you do actually because then you're super brave! But with a dead husband.
Aubrey McClendon Must Be Stopped - Forbes
Need to study for this quiz tomoro
"Come Skate With Us" Demo and Best Trick on Nov. 19th at 6pm Desert West skate park. Skate with Phoenix Skateboards and enjoy free food also
The moment Justin Bieber follows you on
so cute!!
not too much, what are you up to?
(Mercatus Technologies Inc.) - Welcome to Boxwire!
I am starting to unfollowing all the people that follow me then UNFOLLOW me after I follow them!
There’s no point in trying to summarize Inferno, because it’s a book written against summaries. It’s an anti-summary. The author of
my face >>>> your ass
lol. Check it out and let me know what you think. :)
I know! And everything stays intact. It was literally the only thing I changed.
I want to visit our zoo soon! I haven't been for years. #echo&thebunnymen
How did Beck look? His numbers didn't appear to be too bad...
2 terrible balls called strikes in Luke Mailes AB. Gonna be a long night with a strike zone like that.
Thanks for the RT! Have a great Monday!
Was wondering if it was taped in Jan, but had a DVD in 2 rec. Looking 4ward 2 June shows. (the guy on the scooter ) Cheers
RT On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down. (Woody Allen)
Listening to Pandora radio: Janet Jackson's "Thats the way Love goes" while writing grant proposals.
they been askin about u on the set. 90033 hit me up.
Isn't Mac Dre's mom named "Mac Wanda?"
angeles convention center and #herworld helping girls realize their dreams today.
barley risotto for lunch.... and the sun came out. all is right with the world.
Hey there how are ya doing? What's new?
good times:)
MICHELLE DAVIS IS THE COOLEST SISTER EVER!
u r awful! i cant believe im sitting in a hospital bed bcus of u! :'( All bcus u wanted to meet Crimson Filet, the pop star...!
I broke my own heart by loving you.
RT": Did you know that the Seven Mile Bridge was built in 1982 – in pieces – then shipped to the #Keys to be assembled?"
Should have took a vote, lol j/k “: As I said yesterday, deserves Avatar of Day as much as
16 knock knocks!
Aw :c New Years isn't gonna be the same. R.I.P Dick Clark.
Wow! I want to take our friendship to that level someday!
- then I guess I'm Party Size! LOL
Thought I could be three places at once.
Thank you Bob! It's such a blessing to have friends who will walk through these challenges with us.
Awww, , MPD just showed up with a survey asking how the bar feels that they are doing on the street. Shouldn't you fill this out?
Every achiever that I have ever met says, 'My life turned around when I began to believe in me'. - Dr. Robert Schuller
If I don't get a Shamrock shake and cheeseburger soon I'm simply going to die.
Ready to start my day Lord. Feeling blessed. No Excuses on this day! Let's get it er'body.
Everyone go follow she's DTF and #moist. And listens to great music and FUNNY. K? K.
what's modernist style?
wat up bro
En route to Grand Rapids. is pretty stoked!!
I wish I had more than 140 characters to S/O all my homies...i love all of you guys :)
I like the Nick Perry pick, but I wish they would have taken Upshaw. Perry is explosive, but Upshaw engages, pursues better. I trust Ted tho
You smile CRY! :")
I didn't mean anything negative bro.
Next up, john does an interpretive dance about the importance of sleep. Join me wont you? Next on Circus Brain Theater
awesome, thank you. i like the one of d.de menil, the cowboys and magritte. i want to read and/or write a bio of her.
I no longer believe Big Ben is human. Still amazed he's back on the field! Ben is a Transformer.
30% of #lifevineworks web visitors use Android.
Watching katt williams by myself. Hoping he can put a smile on my face :(
the post was to see if anyone else got sick or if I'm asking to fly hermetically sealed the next time there's kids on a plane.
Electric Grid still fragile says SDG&E, so conserve power - no A/C unless necessary - instead, hit the beach or take in a movie.
is that a snake in ur twitcon with you??
WE ARE INDEED STILL FRIENDS. did tell you I'm coming down for an OCC lunch in the coming weeks??
cause i have no money my fathers an asshole so no waer to go :'( srry i tuck long
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
WebMatrix for simple projects.
I honestly don't understand what you're going through .. But make your mind up!
What's frustrating for me is that I am interested in fixing this system but that's taboo & hides behind student services.
“: Every day the world consumes 300 tons of caffeine.” I consume 299 of it. No worries world.
Looking for expert MySQL DBA & 2 mid-level PHP Programmers for a hot new startup. DM me for details, remote work is okay.
The person next to me would make a great super villain
me too!
yo, can someone make sure im performing at HARD SUMMER this year? cool. thx.
you going to be at truck this afternoon?
thank you sis
Well, well, well. What a beautiful day in #ROC. We worked here at the office, but hope those who had off enjoyed their Columbus day!!
I take full responsibility.
Residents of , if you've been to the dog park lately, you know--drainage probs are fixed. No mud puddles!
I like Mike Brown, but nights like these make me miss the Hell out of Phil Jackson.
Getting a data dump.
Jesus is a biscuit, let Em sap ya up! - Mother Latrice Royal
Term paper due by 7pm tonight, homework due at 9am, and another term paper due at 5pm tomorrow... today is suck
Thanks man! Glad you like the tunes! We'll be releasing our full album in July... 7.09.12 to be exact! Thanks for the shout out!
We first make our habits, and then our habits make us.- John Dryden
I got 5 days to make up my mind. Money wise.
We must do that which we think we cannot." - Eleanor Roosevelt, first lady
Our pleasure!
I have a plan. Just believe in me.
TWITTER is a heavily populated city, FACEBOOK is just a vacation spot, and MYSPACE is a ghost town
I do not like winter and I do not like snow, but I absolutely despise ice. Please everyone just stay home tonight if you can. :(
ugh gotta fuckin fever bro
Tip #81: A rising tide raises all ships. Surround yourself by 3-5 hungry players like yourself that deeply desire success & u will succeed.
Check out some new pics we posted at ifieverseeyououtoftown.blogspot.com
B/c we're all bored # IMiss90sTV
how are you ? im suprised you didnt say "E" lol
#10thingsifindattractive guys with big, white, pretty smiles
Full house today luncheon ft. Use #amapdx if you're there. will be live-tweeting from that account.
Love it when I am feeling productive. Business Cards printed. Resume updated, printed and attached to HS. Ready for Networking tonight.
That dude has the worst unibrow.
I would lick that shit out ya pussy 24/7 365 u my favored pornstar love u beautiful
How do you feel about the federal crackdown on the medical cannabis industry?
Bet those bama fans are not liking Landry Jones. haha
Thanks for all your submissions! SHdc top 100 grinders of 2012 list is coming out this month! Are you on the list?...
Help clean up your neighborhood in honor of Earth Day this Sunday. Stop by PS afterward for 4 free scoops of ice cream w/ any $20 order!
Talking to you on the phone >>>
Say you gotta go and then say something really weird
RT : #Bucks now with 30 ast for a 4th straight game. 1st time in the NBA since PHX did so in Dec of 2007.
your not a hipster, you're homeless !
Guys in cardigans.<3
Think so, but saw it at violet crown
We aim above the mark to hit the mark. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
5 minutes to Episode 4 "Atonement"...who's watch-tweeting with us? :)
Well have fun in Nashville Matt...glad you guys are getting a break!!
C'mon phone!! Work!!
"If you have integrity, nothing else matters. If you don't have integrity nothing else matters." - Alan K. Simpson
sand volleyball at 6? Talk about rushing out of the office today!
I DOnt No Wat To Do with PeoPle Sumtimez.Hey i Can try nd werk Round Them
no prob. Ahah. Is your music on itunes..?
I followed
well duh! That has to be our back drop. And night time with candles to make the white and pink look better.
<3 <3 <3 oh my god.. my favorite was her friend that was pregnant with that abusive boyfriend <3
2day was a goodday,interviews all day,doing a shoot tomorrow,waiting4my next youtube video upload.This company wants2make a website4me.
I'm still trying to figure out what a contrafibularity is. As soon as I do, I'll write you back.
jammin to Vanessa Carlton... Not hating lol
I honestly don't understand tumblr at all ...
Just ordered my copy. So excited!
Common Thread, a California common crafted by a bunch of #Madison-area brewers for Madison Craft Beer Week, is being delivered today.
Whose green with envy? (hand raised). Not much surpasses seeing a band at the zenith of their powers; surrounded by kindred souls!!
Dang it just turned 12 ..today felt long
Booty poppin' to Boyfriend because I'm a boss.
#cantwaitforvegas lets make this a trend bored can u tell?!
#FF the first Organic and Fair Trade certified freeze dried fruits.
I started talking and then my mom interrupted me and my little sister looks at me and says "yeah maryclaire no one cares.." love her
If you want a good laugh follow
I'm sorry!! :( but I'm sure they're going to come back again!
RT Tomorrow is World Press Freedom Day
I didn't know I was pregnant.... How the hell do you not know?!?!
lol it's alright
Dude man, A Minor Bird rocks! I just downloaded your noisetrade CD...who produced it?
Now just like that
...check ya inbox Homie!
It's on home, auto. I can direct msg or resend :)
We love our alumni too! RT : Just finished my survey and it made me remember how much I loved #RIT!
thank you darling!
I'm not taking anyone! Just talking to a pretty woman!
Great show last night.Your show is the best to hit late night TV Never seen anyone impersonize so many different people so fast
Still looking for a winner of our Robert Mondavi Winery give away! Keep those emails coming!
Submit your images of the U.S. for a chance to win Blanton Membership! Email them to sat15lop+.com !!!
I'm seriously in so let's plan on it. My sister might want to do it too. I call your couch.
So excited for 's fundraising event tonight to support HMI: Newark! Looking forward to supporting nationwide!
yea, I'm a wreck. And I don't have you're number.. Love you too.
U called me darling,, ** #blushing **
national Cookie day is Dec 4th, that's a great list, thanks for sharing.
quiet nights at home are underrated.
Low key relationships >>>
haha Ikr!! I'm lying in bed sick as a dog wanting that stuff!
galaxy sat.!!!! u guys comin???
Yes. This is my background. Self-branding FTW.
hell no!!!! Im up till 6 am!!!! Jk I can't fall asleep!! Lol
Stranger things have happened. :)
Oh I have so much left on my to do list this week...
Perfect! just a heads up in case your plans change: we're open from 5-9:30pm tomorrow (closing early for a private party).
A recent study found that most homophobic men are actually aroused by gay porn.
HEY BABY HAW ARE U ?
Watching Castle season finale with my parents. Awesome!
Would ever go out with me? I really wanna know!:)
Nah they don't do those things, but they do shag like bunnies.
I'm running out of words to say to you, wondering why i'm wasting my time..
I take offense to the pie chart. How do we know Santorum residue DOESN'T melt ice caps? And is "pie" chart fair to gays?
Thank you for your continued support!
yes at home
enjoying the music this AM!! Thanks!!
Paul Hoilman just tied a francise record with an 8th inning 1B to extend his hitting streak to 21 games
RT : Bill Clinton is the big news but we can't overlook that Don MacDonald is also a provocative speaker.
Wx radio transmitters are up and down for most of SE Ala - text county name to 41212 to sign up for our free alerts - great backup!
congrats Brandon
At the Puyallup Fair. Whispered in my ear by my 10-year-old son's friend: "Mr. Dever, the lady in front of us has a beard AND a mustache."
Facade on a house under construction on broadway fell. Debris everywhere.
I love your page mahomies fo life & I was wondering if your going to playlist live(weird question)
It's still pretty chilly out, but are you planning on taking advantage of the sun today?
Going fishing Kellogg lake.
There are a few crazy people in the world and they're making normal people's lives crazy too!
Was I imaging things or did I really pass Steven Seagal on the streets of Ashland, Oregon?
Congrats on your projects that are up for Webby Awards!
Are you guys playing at the Bottom Lounge in Chicago with June 9th?!
I don't think minds! lol
May 12th your favorite Nightmare is on stage at the Branded Saloon in NYC
I wish Leo cared more about his hair and less about his parents' marriage.
i've heard that place is good! it's the Indian restaurant behind Applebees off of Metcalf at College.
that awkward moment when one direction comes on in the car and your mom starts singing
Life is such a flippin' roller coaster.
I think the colts are crazy for getting rid of manning! Look at what happened to the team without him!
listening to sydney band Cameras, pretty cool. then its time to jam to some Brotherofman tunes!
Need to mend a hole in your linoleum floor? Melt a color-matched crayon in the microwave and fill it in!
We all have friends who make up wierd names for us!!!
Thanks for following, gorgeous! I can't wait to meet you in Chicago!
Uh oh. 6:30 until. RT : Going to the meeting tonight at Will try to infiltrate their ranks.
Stop. Who would cross the Bridge of Death must answer me these questions three, ere the other side he see.
Remember to change your clocks this weekend. The clock falls back 1 hr.
Seven kids in minivan nailed for street racing
Any recommendations on the best web crawler/web spider software?
RT : Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
"Wake me up on Christmas - Until Christmas, let me sleep." ::ashton allen::until christmas::
The USA looked so better in the second half of that game. USA 2 - Turkey 1. Great game guys!!!
haha I saw that that was trending. You are
The Muppets- Academy Award Winner for Best Song!!!!! Congratulations!!!
Can I bitchslap you or...?
you are the man!!
thanks for the #ff! We'll be tuning in all weekend and Monday morning!
I'm sure it will and definitely "Best Supporting Actor Canine"
Caffeine headache because I refuse to drink the office coffee.
wow, some things on that list seem like they'd get some opposition from some other core contributors. bdfl privilage?
What is success? Can you have tons of money and not be successful?
Today I learned what it means to lead with your heel as the principal ballerina of the Paris Opera Ballet does it perfectly!
Chris bosh hurt now
On a house :O
I'm currently reading up on the Viking expansions of the 8-10th centuries in an effort to fact-check old material.
#DesireThursdays sow the seeds of your budding desires, as we settle into spring...whatcha got for me??
ha,Miami and if that doesn't prove that they officially have gone all in on "suck for luck" sweepstakes, I don't know what is
Man just got done with my #london 2012 commercial! Me likey! Stay tuned for the release
get it from them and DM it to me.
What, you're like, a BEE apologist now? "Yummy veggies?" Here I thought I was one going all soft havin' the babies and whatnot. ;)
It's not letting me in. Did you web publish it?
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: stalled vehicle Northbound I-35 at 38 1/2 St
you know me too well Lauren :)
I had an appointment. With my bed. #sorryboutit :)
Just learned the word Condole -Express sympathy for (someone); grieve with.
lol. Come back to LA!!!!
5 year old asks me: what do you want to do when you grow up and get strong like the basketball players? I hope he isn't holding his breath..
are you really on a boat?? if soo please dont rock it.
That's one good lookin' rooster.
text me boo
Every single one of you are Indestructible... don't let anyone tell you differently.
BUDGET ROCK CONFIRMED!
How can an artificial brain be human???
You make me in love,but finally you make me disappointed.
Sounds like the severe weather sirens are going off in Marion county.
Trying to get back into the work groove after being away for more than a week is tough!
Hey, Mike! How's it going for you? Did you move yet?
The Celtics still have the best uniform in all of sports.
Its been a busy day… and now a busy night. I like to think preparing reports has become a bit of a specialty.
it's not what you look at the matters, it's what you see. Your tweets are hilarious!! :p
Everyone! She's online!
I hear ya brotha! Hang in their brotha you're not alone! www.mybizxchange.com
At a certain angle, in just the right light, the milwaukee skyline can actually look like a big important city.
hey send me your e-mail address. We should start on the value proposition for the idea for Pendleton.
ditto. ": If you send me a note about meeting up at SXSW it better contain the word "taco" or you can go fuck yourself."
Hey, who you calling old? Seriously, thanks for not calling me an amateur. ;)
": #Sagittarius signs are born explorers."
refresh it
I sure don't care for this FB time line thing. Are there any other options to this thing?
thank goodness!!
The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it. Henry David Thoreau
awww thank you! U da best! Xo
Good to hear. Thanks!
Yea, can't help it, I was born this way ;) lol
i am so
and wierdly his music is playing in my head ..and creeping me out ..like i wanna stop it ....but itz not stopping xD creepy
Now that's what's up.
"how bluegrass music destroyed my life" fuck yeah
Thx 4 delivering goodness every day -> "2 map out a course of action & follow it 2 an end requires courage." -Emerson
Thx for the follow
RT : "Love is my religion." ~ Ziggy Marley <U+2764><U+262E><U+262F>Amen! Love on...and on and on!!
‘Made’ casting call gives students opportunity to achieve goals
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you. <U+2665> <U+2665>
Have a great evening everyone. Hope your Tuesday rocks!
look who just followed me - is now following you - to teach me how to Kegel.. there is an skit in this tweet somewhere
why can't we fit into #jcrew #crewcuts? It is a) cheaper and b) cuter.
Have you checked out our market lately? Lots of good potential holiday presents.... and beer.... :)
Yes! I am not alone!
RT : Great line! RT All parents want is for the coach to play the 4 best kids & their kid & they'll all be happy.
Oh, we love football...I'm just always noticing these pastors leading with their NFL and NCAA preferences.
All terrible choices! Would be really disappointed if they choose a popular actor over a current cast member.
I need to get my name out more.
well ya know i try
Now who can the knicks trade for Rondo,i ll even take KG's old ass.
Thanks for coming out - glad you had a good time! #LALA cc
Jamal Lewis has got some stones - mangini's working the team too hard? Win some football games dude, then u can cry about getting days off
because they talk smack behind our backs
Music is going good :) About halfway done with the album. Gonna be awesome!
Need a gift for Mom? Stop in! Open late tonight, until at least 8!
isnt ur contract up next year w/ the nba or this year.
Thinking about tonight's delish dinner at Cleo. Never tire of their food. The noise level, though. Jeez. Someone think that's atmosphere?
just was wondering who i can follow from the wsj during the #badgers hockey season love bucky hockey
Whats good wit u
I want a baby with an afro! Soon
it is Stay At Home Because You Are Well Day! Today's quote - "It's show business. No show, no business."---Dick Wolf. Happy Hump Day!
yes haha! I put a video on YouTube so he must have seen it! how have you been?!
Thanks for following me, Marcia - and for having me on tonight! Now u can read my non-political rants on DC traffic&hockey!
Oh crap! Your memory is perfect! I was wondering why I had the urge to name it Boris or Ludmilla...
where do i sign up?
Someone just claimed that young people don't care about consuming information. Wrong. They don't care what YOU tell them to consume.
Gracias!! What kinds do you have?
Teens using vodka soaked tampons to get drunk TF? Why not just drink it!?
The bf was exhausted after dinner, so staying in. No drinks and dancing tonight. :T
Dude I would love to smoke with the dudes dwnstairs... But I don't know'em like that... (Stuck)
hello, friend! See you in the next couple of weeks! :) #GoBraves!!
That will work. I had a station wagon in high school. Could take the whole gang with me!!
you guys need to come to play in the new KFC Yum! Brands Center in Louisville!!
The Historian: Black walnuts in local culture - Boyertown Berk Montgomery Newspapers
Oh and also watch my fave soccer team's game at 4pm haha =)
got great takes!. & while in studio, met a filmmaker on the way to sundance, an engineering student relocating to nyc, and a go-go producer!
Love Philadelphia! Born and raised.
How many people have their marching boots on??!!!!!! We MUST get ready to stomp and trample on this EVIL nation!!!!
Hurry! 12 more to play.
*spits coffee everywhere*
906 fans and counting? Who's going to help us make it to 1,000?
Thankfully i'm one of tha lucky ones who doesn't have to test! :D
At the #Houston Heritage Society tent for the #artcar parade! Show kicks off in 30 min!
#SUPERTUESDAY special! call in and you'll get a free conversation with one of our dispatch girls!
we're working on it! any specific requests for where to place more cars?
We suck at driving! We miss every exit and end up in riverside...why?
how bout we do lunch and come up w/ a deal? I give u $10.. u give me.. hmm $476M
im good bored as hell. What are you up too?
2 Pomona is where I'm on my way. No more Los Angeles Probation as of 2 day!
Meme of the year = Standards are like toothbrushes; everyone has one but no one want to use anyone else's (heard over 3 times in 2 months)
#ThoughsDurringSchool cant wait to go home and talk to and ..
got your letter today!! :) xo
#Oscars how about fewer montages and lets not rush Octavia spencer off the stage at her big moment?
#donrickles thanks for the laughs.
Nine am, Lido Shuffle at a CVS. This was life.
hey, now. I can get down on some twister. #WatchTheThrone, Ashleigh!!! lol
Starting a new band NITE BREEZE look out world it gonna be on & popin we will not be denided fatt sam & T bone remember those names
AWKWARD MOMENTS WHEN YOU SEE YOUR OWN TWEETS IN YOUR NEWSFEED AND NO ONE ELSES.
Monday Night Football at Enoteca! Come in with Packers or Vikings Gear and get 15% off your bill!
“: Out on a Trip Tomorrow, South of Ohio. Man, I'm still not packed.” better git on it son!
ok imma wait and see what the tanks are lookin like. And ill prolly just make it into a belly shirt lol
God the Giants are bad on defense.
Sitting in on a Chinese language class. Or a Master Developer Training for Puppet. (Disclaimer: I'm just stupid, it's not a Puppet problem)
I meant bored
Can someone explain to me why the shuttle just skipped Slowe?
Weather like today's makes me excited to drink away the Cubs horrible upcoming season in the bleachers.
Lead, follow, or get out of the way. (I choose the 1st option)
U don't have to fall off to humble yourself BE THANKFUL everyday and GO out & give your best effort always! Thanks 4 da text fam!
At least, I don't think they would.
Sometimes you change a little thing, and the acting career see big changes! Diet, or exercise, or slightly different postcards.
Arctic Babies Rug | Mommy&#39;s To Be
This so true......... I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line. -Lucille Ball
Daddy nose best #mypick also kind of like union rags and the bodiemiester
LOL ur crazy! I miss u too. Oh yea I noticed something u wrote on Facebook so I lookd u up.
MY HEART SKIPS-SKIPS-SKIPS-SKIPS-SKIPS-SKIPS A BEAT.
Yet another day off from scho. I should probably be doing homework.........oh well! :)
haha. Yea I know the two founders. Good guys from London. Like 'em quite a bit. Thanks for the call too.
Happy Birthday, !! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
HA. Only good for the drag strip?
Bellies for Bellies at Richland raises money to fight hunger
#blackplaynames "watchtower my brother starrn prince an larry graham
It's warming up all over! That means more people are out & interacting with the abundance of outdoor #media available to advertisers.
You could have a fistful of brew by at Tap Haven... but only if you register!
Thank you so so much! We're thrilled to have fans like you.
We are SHARING one FREE referral....When you sign up MAKE $$$$ and NOW you pay for companies AUTO FILL process we are offerring for a fee
How I loathe e-mail!
Mind = Blown
Sometimes I worry if I were being chased by a bear, I would see a television and get lured in by its cheerful glow. Bear. Wins.
I have just installed the Constant Contact Labs Join My Mailing List application!
Great! Thank you!
btw, you basically called me retarded & it didn't phase me. I knew joe scarborough was a fraud I just didn't know he was a wimp
When you gone lemme meet him sis?
Ancient Greece ruled the world and provided the foundation of modern Western culture. Boy, they've come a long way...huh?
Sorry I had to hit you with the k boys. Haha
#WorkLifeBalance & crab cakes...
Ha homie jus rolled one.... Middle of the metro.
hahha thank you :)
A1 doing enewsletter for a few years, still do a print newsletter twice a year but looking at reformatting it this year
Saw some animal planet type stuff today
it said you were following me, but when I sent the message it said you stopped following... My email is
I just ate an INSANE amount of honey roasted peanuts. I'm kinda disgusted with myself.
Thanks for the RT! :)
if only it were like Xmas morning, where now we get bombed on mimosas... Sigh.
Hello Lets just start with #SHOCKED @ a Bill for $207$ for 13 days of Service.. PLUS Cancellation fees, Activation fees.. DISGUSTING
Please note the new fall/winter hours is now open at noon on weekends.
The way to stop repeating the cycle is to learn from it and then do differently. ~Natasha Caesar
Walk the Line is on.... how on earth am I going to get to bed at a decent hour??
tweet about Roderick D. Vereen for Congress 2010 --blogblackmiami He also said that some employers take advantage of undocumented aliens.
Succeeding its the only option.
on the corner of 6th and walnut.
I wish you Health, Wealth, and Happiness and a long life. youngevite.info It's a great day to start! Thxs for follow
When you make a difference with what you have, it expands.
In the Lab cooking up sum different creations #Double"A"Life
Ernest Hemingway on writing: Sometimes it comes easily & perfectly; sometimes it's like drilling rock & then blasting it out w/ charges.
Free Queso at ZUZU all Day !! Happy hour prices all day!! Spend a mininum of $5.00 andd enjoy our Handmade Queso. Merry Christmas
I'm sure if you let them know that they'd apologize :p
it's 11:11 you should follow me and make my wish come true!!
nah man I'm back at MT. Probably finishing the move into the frat house tomorrow night so you should drop by sometime
- thank you for the reminder to "wash myself with the love and beauty of Jesus" this morning.
I appreciate your passion, Kevin. That's what it is going to take to stop theses fascists...
just chilling before work...
It's better to take a small story and make it big in a feature screenplay, than it is to take a huge story and make it small.
Thanks for the RT! You know about our curatorial residency program, right? - Jess
I need to check out
I want to collab with , just saying! :D
Nice Dog #jaycutler and you wonder why no one like you!!!
AISD Elementary art teachers spend their Sat making/glazing bowls. Thank you to all of them & Nancy Hallmark for hosting the workshop.
I wrestled a bear once.
Note to self: purchase portable hard drive, 1tb is only a little over $100
When raps...
yeah so uhm, you should follow us on here. we're not that weird, we swear.
when we have 8 hockey features you've completed, we can launch the Hockey site for all hockey news media
I agree!!
Got my 3,000th Facebook fan yesterday. Now if they each sent me 10 bucks...
There is absolutely no excuse to still be playing at the Rave, or going there. Ever. No exceptions.
its been time girl!
well...goodnight
This is no time where the usual is acceptable. #DigDeeper!
my personal favorite d-bag self-descriptor is "visionary", but "wizard" takes it up a notch, surprised we don't see it more often
Tonight we are tracking vocals for our cover of "This Is Why I'm Hot".
Slicker Than Your Average :D
Happy Hump Day! Xo
haha that's what I'm sayin!
Just learned that George "Goober" Lindsay died yesterday...RIP Goober
naw but I know he yelling at JR Smith right now.
Hey Twitter! Thank you to all that are following me, I really appreciate it! I am apart of #teamfollowback!
Hoosiers regaining momentum, crowd picking up with #Badgers up 28-21.
Come on, North Carolina. I don't mess with your shit. Why mess with mine?
You will never know love unless you surrender to it!
i feel that!!!but the hell with them..lol lol
I wanna fall deep and truly in love with someone <3
I can't find it! Where on FB?
The greatest thing about being 28 years old instead of 5 is that now my mom can't give me shit when I have Pez and Vodka for breakfast.
Brain injuries start in Pop Warner and HS. Youngster are being needlessly injured due to a lack of leadership on the part of adults.
They should have shock collars that zappem when they get bitchy. yup
“: nope. Just a bold prediction... That was wrong.” // wrong, but I like the way you think
lol ugh, I really don't wanna go -___-
we barely see eachother anymore due to the IB hallway :/
i love talkin 2 my ol girl, she so real (y)
Woke up super blissed out this morning
Today is my last bagel Friday, I was just given a goody-bag full of loot, and my to-do list will never be completed. Bai summer!
Now Hiring... Customer & Channel Sales Promotions Manager - Louisville, KY www.brown-forman.com/careers
The meeting is @ U.S. Patent & Trademark Office<U+200E> 600 Dulany St # 1 Alexandria, Virginia 22314-5790
I'd be so much happier if the workers at McDonald's spent more time making me my fucking chocolate sundae. Fill it to the top. Assholes.
Hey I need that song! Call me Bro! love ya
I want to thank all my followers for being interested in my brand. cant wait to show you guys more.
Sgood Kane how u been? Follow me back puerto ricans unite! Lmao
Going to the store late night in pajamas.
nothing bad. Just the typical housing lifestyle. Also, if I were able to visit, when would be a good weekend to do it?
Spending the day running errands with my boyfraaaaaan <U+2764>
How many space ads do we need to buy to control the editorial content?
Smash had a horrible ending
Thanks for all the Twitterlove from my followers new and those who've been hanging with me for awhile!
I have a tool called Google that tells me you got Pipit from Jaws.
What's worse than getting a poster proposal rejected? Getting rejected, then un-rejected/accepted, & rejected again ;(
hey I have a gr8 story 4 U. I no a couple who will be married 69 years on Valentine's day next Tuesday :)
I wish you were in Seattle today!
omg what did he tell you ?
Just saw a before Hoes shirt
I miss Smallville :(
When you're offered a job as opposed to having to apply for one >>>>
Can finally have a lazy day and watch Full Metal Alchemist
“: The most boring class award goes to computers. -_____- ” <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Open Late Tonight.
Rhythm-and-blues musician O'Dell (Mint Condition) is 47. Actor Hill Harper is 46. TV personality/interior designer Thom Filicia is 43.
I followed em. Follow me?
MT : SO identifies himself as working for the #Arizonawildcats now. So, you know /Thanks for the info
At Rockfish with my wife enjoying drinks and food on the patio after yard work. 74F
Anyone else attending #smcsea tonight? Should be a good event.
they are discontinuing that service up here, but I haven't had a chance to try it yet
thanks brother!
finally went to the top of the Empire State Building
That moment when planks on the lunch table...
Hey, what does this mean for the continued development of stikki.me?
"Black stereotypes, black stereotypes".
lmaoo str8 upp I can listen to it for awhile but than that shit be gettin annoying af after awhile
. OF COURSE we were, silly nilly. #blackmail HAHAHA! ^JWo
good. Cause I wanted to like go over to her house. Then we could walk to your house and hopefully meet Ethan. c:
Hey, is The Barrens an adaptation of the story of the same name? We need more movies of FPW's stuff!
I do like ivy. I like all of them. Such great characters. I hope Karen gets it. Can u believe Dev? I'm thru with him.
First thing when moving a class online (or hybrid): think about pedagogy -- what *works* in the f2f class?
I throw my armour down and leave the battleground for the final time now. I'm running from a warzone.
workout then shower? starting NOW !
Trust is something earned over time it's not given to you right then and there... Ugh having trust problems right now :/
lol naaaaa I think I can handle it
Lamb tenderloin with White Bean hummus with Spiced Yogurt and Lemon Chutney....BACCHANAL, September 10th. More food to come!
Tomorrow geography Test :(
Whew! Had a great Accordion Kings & Queens show and finals
Just saw Captain EO for the first time. Super cheesy awesomeness
It's beautiful outside, i should have taken my little lady downtown today....i really should have, i think she would have liked it.
I can call into work with "the sickness" right? Thanks for the #ff. :)
Well done! I officially request more!
I root for #OKC because their basketball team is solely responsible for the black population in the state of Oklahoma.
Going with my buddy Adam to see 21 Jump Street this morning. No that is not a typo. We're going to a 10:20 am show.
Thanks! Have a great weekend.
Whoopee! Thank you. :)
tommorow i plan on doing nothing but my science project and sleep.
ah I can't wait! I love robert downey jr!!!
These kind of places are a little bit more styled and a little bit more personal - Tim Rice
what a horrible day. amount of times i excused myself from work to sob in the bathroom: five
So i'm just walking around in bikini bottoms and a hoodie. YO TO THE MOTHER FUCKIN LO.
No matter what I'm doing, in some way shape or form, you're always on my mind.
Rocking some side boob in honor of . I miss him.
I do not want to go to tumbling tonight. But I skipped the past 2 weeks.. #fuck #Ihavetogo ):
Okay, much better now.
Don't miss the guided tour on Saturday from our Master Gardeners! Free w/your $1 admission. Tour starts at 2:30!
thank you! Love this account <3
did I see you Monday night? I thought I may have.
PUBLISHING: Song & Catalogue Admin, Rights Tracking, Project Co-ordination & Engagement
That moment when you get the wrong calzone!!Like now!! Oh snap!! ;(
The #smashbrothers need a female r&b singer to sing a hook for 1 of our songs. #whocansing #sing #singer #r&b
RT : #Vision is less about what can be imagined and more about what can be delivered - execution matters.
I watched on Netflix. It is a great doc. it has 4.8 out of 5 Stars.
Thxs for the RT as well as your great advice, support and visibility over the first 5 years of Milwaukee Food Tours!
I woke up to find my roommate face down on the couch with no pants on, with a sticky note that said "was lost but now am found
My phone isn't a nightclub: having a private number just gets you to the end of the line.
Big Business and the Oil companies are not going to give us our country back we have to take it back by demanding REAL POLITICAL REFORM.
collection development homework & police women of broward county
I love hearing good news from colleagues who have won fellowships and students who have gotten into grad schools!
just make sure if you sneeze on the wall, you don't play connect the dots :)
missing you too sweetheart :c haven't talk for almost a week :c I gotta go to sleep. headache :c but remember this: I LOVE YOU <3
I don't trust em
Thank you for the ShoutOut! I appreciate the love. I'll return the love!
RT Gimme 140 characters or 4,000 words. In the middle doesn't do it. Yet that's where The Daily is.
How do you have lunch on the go in a garbage truck? Yuck
Try eating 6 small meals per day vs. three large meals. It helps keep blood sugar levels even & to keep energy levels more constant.
I past my state required final exam!:D I'm officially going to the 9th grade!:D so geeeked
UK looks scary good right now.
Rockshow needs to be released on DVD and Blueray. Paul at his rocking best.
Another awesome mission
NEVER LET YESTERDAY USE UP TOO MUCH OF TODAY - WILL ROGERS
Shots out to my new followers. TGIF! Hope y'all are having a good one today.
Luke and I should probs just never be allowed out in public together.
Rick Siskey It's one thing to claim responsibility when all is going well, it's another to take ownership when things are not going so well.
POTUS visit does not augur well
saw the other day, could've sworn he was going to attack me at my table, I mean he had already raped me with his eyes. ;)lol
we would destroy the hunger games. #truesurvivalexperts #tvrc Id volunteer no doubt.
Happy Birthday to my little cousin I love you!!!! ;)
YES! I do! RT : My latest : Do You Eat Certain Foods Beyond Satiety? A Look at 'Hedonic' Eating (& how to...
# of hours a day students spend on a digital device- 7 hrs 15 min, WOW! (Tony Wagner)
RT “: How dare reporters try to ask Mitt Romney question he doesn't have lies for yet?”
I'm lookin' to downsize my tripod to something that travels well. What do you recommend?
Pick me! Lol RT “: Dancing with that Stars season 14 premiers tonight!!! Who's going to be watching? #dwts”
Sadly, the PA simulcast failed, so I don't think most people across the city heard the song. But people sang anyway!
nothing... It's Detroit
People under estimate the amount of foot work that goes into creating something unstoppable ...
Former school board candid Steve Rosen: What would happen if we said to unions, sue us?
Good morning! If you missed our release Fri- We selected managed care organizations to service Ohioans in Medicaid beginning Jan 1, 2013
The next milestone is 50 flights in one day. I don't think that's going to happen for awhile, since I can't make 10k steps, yet. lol
i'm gunna say it- youtube worked way better when it was flash.
ya. my text made me feel better for... 2 scconds.
Well I am glad you made them B/C that is what I found first and then I followed the link.
DOES HE GO TO CRESTWOOD?
Going to get out and shoot some photography tomorrow! It's been far too long.
no it's fine it's actually not that difficult it will only take me about 1 minute to do.
I might cry :(
still a long way .. Take a break at the hotel with friends ..
Goodbye little piece of nature, they just cut down the wonderful tree in front of our house.
As much as I hate J. Noah, I would never wish an injury on him.
Birthday was pretty beast
Don't know what to do. #giving up
Caught a girl looking at my ass while I was going up the stairs xD..... Awkward!
that awkward moment when "cool" shit aint cool anymore... :/
congrats! Enjoy your time in Paris!
The Bourbon Street Grille, Dahlonega, Ga. 6pm show time! Muah!
Delay dont mean denied from the Lord. He's up to something. Have your way in our lives Jesus.
I just realized that every year is a transitional year.
why are WI women worth less in workplace than men? Now that you've repealed the Equal Pay Enforcement Act we have no recourse.
I need a nap right meow .
:have a great thursday!
lol well here I am:)
just got an email back from DOT. The markings there are temporary. Real ones will be in place in a few weeks.
#JDaddyFact The song " U smile " was dedicated to All Beliebers RT if you love Justin Bieber :)
Omg u guys!! I just barfed! Aghh! I have field day tomorrow! U know what that is? Competition!!! Omg help :C
Thank YOU! RT thank you for the hard work....the creativity and the willingness to let us all join in :)
Person you marry (and/or have children w/) <---most important decision of your life
Or was it, "I love Santorum.... AND Rick Santorum"
Ok, time to get off my ass and do some yoga.
- Looking forward to seeing you and the whole #Cytomax team Thursday! Going to be a great day, great event! #weloveoursponsorsbaby!
Ima send you somethin I need done asap, how fast can you do it?
so where do I get it?
You need to find a good cobbler! I've resuscitated many of my worn out favs. They can really make them look new again <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A2>
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend mine is love you
whatever , do what u do then hoe
- I had a AWESOME DAY :D
Coming soon! ... You'll wanna be checking this dude out. Awesome songwriter, my next release.
YES! Now that's a ticket I could really get behind. RT Totally cannot wait for Lane/McClain 2012!
Just drove passed the "Jeepers Creepers" truck
I appreciate the advice
Honetly #ireallywant to have a nice day,but my definition of a "nice" day is a bit different
Been up for a minute...ready 2go back 2sleep
okk!!! U will learn! I love making tie blankets!
Menus with prices printed in words.
Trying out this Twitter thing...what's this all about? Too much social media too fast...to understand it all at once...
Puerto Rico, semi finalist in Miss Universe Pageant!
You Better Take Good Care Of My Baby
#SDCC food recommendation: bubs at the ballpark off j st. Pittsburg sandwich "all the way".
I've perfected my NCAA bracket. Time to watch the end of the bulls heat game and eat reeses puffs.
I think I should find a better use for my sweaters than wearing them since it is 77 degrees in January...
oh there large,ha I wish someone would play with me my US tech asked if she could Grab my ass the other day I let her :)
ABD would be awesome! I would love to do one of the European tours!
patience u know it
u sound like a true hater
I suppose you mean yourself! I haven't ever dialed 911, from a rotary, mobile, or my backside. :)
Less than 30 mins to go on today's episode of the show. We're talking #Dolphins, #Heat and so much more. Call/text Troy now!
Off to #AHA2012. If you're there, stop by booth (325) and say hi.
Tell your friends,tell your enemies, tell everyone you know to follow me on twitter... peace, for now :-)
Thank you Miami and Carnaval on the Mile...we had a great time this year...and looking forward to next year!
“Never accept to be second to someone, when you can be first to someone else."
#PeanutButter filled #Pretzel bites plus #Nutella =
when's the next gtown game?
oh ok I was worried for a second lol
FInally put all my furniture together- I'm quite a genius with a screwdriver and hammer! VERY happy to get back to some singing tomorrow!
Yaaay excited for you :) I am gunna be praying for you sis! I know you will do well :)
Shout out to all the women who are happy with the hair they have...this weave s*** is out of control
Weird vibe in arco tonight
Had a similar experience with the water heater guy earlier this week. There's a dusting of snow, so he has a viable excuse.
You're so adorable I swear! I wish I could meet you. And just so you know, you're prettier than Rihanna.
Joanna do you even go here????
LOST MY PHONE. aw :(
I feel like someone's natural scent says a lot about a person
I've had every shred of wit beaten out of me. Drum circles are stupid.
want to join us at the Ram in Kent this afternoon?
Did 5 stage shows last year. I am looking foward to what this year has to bring. Maybe a replacement for my Day Job!! Please?!!?!??!
wondering if everyone hates me already, scratching face
Anytime!! RT : Let us know so we can propose you a time. "Nikki in #Nicaragua"
I think the show after you today will be talking about unicycles and the crazy things white people do.
Ready For #HaspinAcres this weekend
was hitting into my dad yesterday at Desert Forest. He was playing in the group in front. FYI Phil isn't on twitter
me too!
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 3
Relaxation ritual & Young & the Restless. Tomorrow's Thursday. Woosaaah.
... "I know, I'll leave a nasty comment in the comment section... that will show them!" ...
Jeopardy: Antidote
Follow me ;)P
IPhone 4 looks sweet, although the vidoe chat feature is only usable with WIFI. Still amazing, we are finally moving into the 21st century!
Today was the last day to register for spring semester internship for credit (classes). It's not too early to apply for summer and fall :)
Revival night tonight at 8pm
I know
When you rest, rest. Don't feel guilty. Rest with all your might.
Th IPA Pickup Band is starting! We need more musicians! Pop in and play pop in and listen!
Done with finals! C'mon #graduation!
where have You been! Haha jk
thx for the follow, God Bless ^_^
it depends on if your just "laying there" or not?
Eight legged freaks on G4! :)
looking for research related to strengths of color printing in education. i now need to provide a rationale to order a color printer. geesh!
Playing this 2k till I fall asleep
Inaugural Tweet! Real life is now over.
Happy Friday Twitter Pals!!!
#Mistletoe Monday
are you using the twitter app??
most definitely!
Miami beast of the east....
me too
New shots. Check it out. Http::/www.williamcallan.tumblr.com
#mlearnclinic , how to decide between mlearning or elearning? Activity,project, and content dependent.
Are you a U.D. Alumni?
Now and then I think of all the times you screwed me over
Haha, thanks Kate.
NYC looks and feels like a police state today. How many command posts are there anyway?
pre-cocktail matinee w/ Bridesmaids....yes, yes, yes!!!! ;)
omg i just love your tweets so much <3
#LarryCrowne gets bad reviews from the WSJ and elsewhere. I still will see it.
Wow, "Love the Way You Lie (Part II)" is so much better than the "original"/radio version.
Thanks for sharing! We are so excited about our Guest Bloggers.
#true almost as bad as Karl
Sant... Needs to just get out of the race now!
#pla12 homeless families...libraries should be a consistent and natural presence
If you join the mailing list we'll notify you personally :D
I think I need a guitar all the cool dudes on tv have one
Pretty sure you have to sprinkle greatness. I tried passing greatness once, but it was a mess.
Sometimes life kicks your ass - just gotta make sure you get back up fighting -
But now I've caused this to spiral off into a complicated area that we could go on about for days.
Thanks for the shout out Adam :)
lies and deception.
Not a fan of the storyline #TheGame RT : Is it me or has "The Game" gone too far?
I'm gunna slap my boyfriend <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8> his ass better wake up !
hey mama mahone! (: follow back? <3
are you okay? :/
how tall are u?
New year new you, come in for a new set of frames, change your look change your life
state tests done for the week!
Watch the pens kick islander butt with a $2 blue moon draft and a green chile enchilada! Go Pens!
this is just sad. disgusts me
Philly got a squad tho
Me, making a trip to Poughkeepsie on July 6th with my best friend and some other friends :D
... I'll show ya tomorrow “: who Edward? What was said...”
Thanks for the new follow! Hope to connect with you further!
Thanks for the shout out!
Never take #success for granted. It's hard to attain & even harder to maintain.
Wants a glass of wine.
Good Morning ! ;0] tag ur it...
No matter how bad things may be now, we ALL know they would be A LOT WORSE if Romney were seated in the Oval Office!
Making the right choice & enjoying life like never before!!! #Beautiful Blessings ;)
WANNA LOL??? FAT ALBERT TUESDAYS ON THE #bounce CHANNEL... VERIZON 459 #lifelessons IN THE HOOD...
that's why I said us aiming at anyone reading it lol go to your bed dwl
Cleaning my room only to find soap on the floor
I have so much to do tonight, more than usual. It's gonna be a good productive feeling when I'm done though.
RT I get a good laugh every time I leave out the house// i know u do dem mfs shot da hell out!! Lol
do you recommend any of these apps?
A little late, but thanks for the #ff!
: what was the selection for #comm604 ? #comm605 =
Thanks for a great party. Congrats to all the winners!
Good Morning 2 All! Now Time 2 Make dis $Money$
I'm sorry bluh. I called Cynthia but her phone was tripping. I text saying that baby girl wants to go my casa. Sorry
They r hot! Happy Birthday2ya!!! ;))
WILL BE PERFORMING LIVE AT THE ROPER THEATRE...MAY 5, 2012!!!!! On the TCC Campus in NORFOLK, VA! Hope to see some fans there...New and Old!
Hey Sabrina...Curious if you guys are experimenting more with in-show easter eggs using Shazam?
The thing I love and hate about Haskell is there's no faking it, either you do understand something or it just doesn't work
i'm running tomorrow. i need to break these new shoes in :)
nice getting to know you, am saying cause I like to ask questions to keep a conversation cause others don't say much =-O :-D
yea u did
Getting a haircut!
All BSA AAU Tryouts and Elite workouts for today, Saturday 2/11 are postponed due to weather. As of now, all Sunday Tryouts are on!
Scary movie haha. So funny
Some of my followers are doin some drinkin and tweetin tonight. not a felony in 50 states by the way
Wish I was going to the #MegaTweetUp tonight
Omg im so proud of you superstars
I wish I would of paid more attention in this class :/
Spotted, Lo Bosworth while having brunch in Soho #onlyinnyc cc:
Awesome! Let me know if you need any help/tips. First things first though, you gotta get a picture up! :)
Lol a strict school. Where all the teachers are just plain out stupid.
Practical lessons from #alamw12 If you don't get a response from your first inquiry try again, just don't be a stalker
"Never miss an opportunity to make others happy, even if you have to leave them alone in order to do it."
RT : copy of 's new Decision Management Systems book is on its way here to the woods <- Suprised u didnt get kindle vers
"A chin on a worn out wrist. A magnet with grocery list says 'my oh my, my toes get tired. But I don't let on, or let go I just sing along'"
Traveling for the holiday? A warning about parking your car at 10.
i'm very shy
If I were a hairstylist, I'd offer to style/cut your hair for you, free. Unfortunately, I'm not.
To all my follower I didn't send that message I don't know what is doing that please discard it till I find out
Page is under construction right now!! Thanks for your continued support over the years!!!
s/o for putting me on juicy j, mac & damnnear everyone else i listen to now ! & for being anti social af ! lol ! uhh ..
You can't be the best even if you got rid of me, riddle me this, how many rappers gonna exist?
Just got myself a Happy Meal! Wanted to see if it still makes me giddy.
I hate FORGETTING usernames and passwords! ;)
Exactly!!! LOL RT : Poking me on Twitter can be interpreted as sexual assault. Lol. RT : , POKE!!! ;)
My add was so controversial I didn't even bother to start a company.
Extremely weak Flagrant Foul against Purdue. Smith played the ball and tried to hold him up after the play.
spoiler alert? Haha jokes! Lol! I'm just waiting for the movies!._.
Then i will follow to get the latest news.
In a very Disney mood... Princess and the Frog, Tangled, and Enchanted to keep my spirits high while studying biology!
They roll up the streets in the Amish country on Sunday. You'll have to go to Kroger for that pie lol
What is VC firm's rate in picking winners & losers? Compare that to green energy loans by Obama admin using the same timeframe?
Watching Vicky trying to get water, completely spilled everything cx
I found a Polish grocer with fifty cent pierogis. Life=Complete. How's your pruno coming along?
WHERE ARE YOU GUYS?????
Anyone know what that #helicopter was looking for in the #AU / cathedral area?
Good evening fam
WHEN ARE YOU COMMING TO CHICAGO?<3
About 220 in attendance of this inaugural event. Great turn-out!
they offered me a balloon.
I have had my share of blown up servers as well. I feel your pain.
the weather was so nice today. I am so glad that it is not dark at 5:00pm on the dot anymore.
Listen to your patrons honestly. Sometimes they're doing something different bc our tools don't work.
Kicking Dandelions
A wonderful morning.
Bob Bain's talk this morning at TAH conference was both inspiring and pragmatic about history teaching. Link to come once it's posted.
Molitor not in the lineup. Not a good sign, folks.
because hundreds of troops, in formation, criticizing the Obama regime isn't "news"
Yes Sir!
Indonesians seem more conscious now about wellness in this modern, fast world
I still love Mike Tyson!
season finally next week!!?? NO! That's too early!
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways bring flowers for his girlfriend when she's mad :)
The L didn't do the Lakers any favors, that's for sure. I can see them stealing one in OKC though.
One day, it'll be my turn.
Don't forget to vote EVERY DAY and SHARE! This round we're all voting for Justice Great Dane Rescue (also in New Mexico)...
I want Future to disappear. His music is horrible and itz agonizing to my ears.....another embarrassment to black people as a race.
hell ya first time I'm glad there having tests that I'm not taking
Nanoparticles mediate drug delivery into injured brain tissue PBCA nanoparticles facilitate the transport of the large molecules across t
Little girls like bad guys..women want a grown ass man
or floating on an air mattress
Combined a candle, lots of lighter fluid & a match in my dorm bathroom. Best student film ever.
And then another $20 to <U+E42D>in it....<U+E409>
Torn between setting up early for a show and waiting around to see if UPS delivers the new stickers first... hmm!
Happy Birthday Steve who? RT : Can't help this....
USA USA USA!
www.freekshsowradio.com Radio filth.
who r u pissed at??? ;E grrrrr!!!
I don't deny tebows winning ability. The broncos WERE out of the game. The bears had the game in the bag then blew it
#idol - Skylar's performance was subtle yet powerful. Well done.
How about this rain?
what comes before part b? PARTAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! be here at a 11 to get your party on people! its gonna be da bomb
Yeah buddy - incredible comeback win.
lololol you weirdo;)
This is my final goodbye, to that person inside me who always told me I would never be worth marrying. I can wait for happiness and I will.
Forgive Me by #MissyHiggins is lyrical blessedness.
well said. Thank you
Marilyn Monroe was a size 10 n she was hot... Today that's obese WTF
Nigerian driver at the end of the night recommends Vee Vee's African Restaurant. Says he gets the goat head. (At least I think.)
Things will get easier
says: "Bashing gays is fun; you should try it some time."
Wait til I get my money right...
That might work if your team is only one gender! Otherwise, I don't want to be that close with my coworkers ;)
well this kinda ruins our plans to move into our own flat in London. I kinda needed a roommate
Watching "21 Jump Street" for the first time. 10 minutes into the movie & I'm already laughing way too much.
Everyone is so full of shit Born and raised by hypocrites
Jury duty!
ps - who is your icon of? could always read a new manga and the look of perplexed disgust on his face is highly entertaining. :)
I love Obama even more for supportin Gay marriage :D That man is defintely gettin my vote this yr
great to find you on twitter, Mr. March! Still one of my fave bucks (even in a visitor uni)
The only problem with finding a bed.... is figuring out how to get it to my house... boo... looks like it'll be another air mattress.
Yep I'm sure some day she'll get her own Hollywood Star with the fact she's done that many legendary voices
I will FIGHT you do not disrespect Cisus on my line! RT : ciara No...that's just her sales count finally going up...
well find a bridesmaid and make her do it i already got my men picked out
"A willing helper does not wait until he is asked."
u at mixx? What's cover?
What a lovely way to start the evening..
“: "It's like you're my own drug" ... "Aww because you're addicted to me? ;)" ... "Ha..No because you're ruining my life.."”//LMAO
Going with #DaddyNoseBest in the Kentucky Derby today. 12-1...
Thank you, Elizabeth! I hope you're having an amazing day! :)
MT Don Cornelius & Dick Clark channeled the voice of youth in their day. Can't say Seacrest does the same today via
P.S - those last 2 characters in that last tweet were an accident. my dog stepped on the keyboard :|
great to meet you! Let us know when we could help you with some local design content!!!
I'm kind of excited for this supposed shaving cream fight. ^_^
Will I tweet more since I got an iPhone? Let's see...
Boylan is supposed to get liquor license back next week so should be fine for top of the hops!
yea I hear ya
We just wanna thank everyone who came out to see us the other night at Murhpy's in NC! We had a blast and will def be back to see you all!!
No nicca no!
do u know who this is
Eric Doversberger explains how to use Google autosuggest to gauge societal consciousness, to see folks wants and needs
Prove himself that they're not all the same because we're not all the same as well
T3 Real time access to our own information combined with structural payment reform would be a good start.
lol iknow. Its annoying me too! <U+E40E>
Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?
Well good morning everyone!! Rough nite last nite!!
Happy Tuesday indeed!
bring em out
10 minute away from birds and YOUR DOLPHINS!!! Arena is filling up!!! LETS GO FINS!!!
idk about all of that im guessing they do it for attention (* shrugs shoulders *) i dont do shit like that lol
or even better are the bots with 2 followers telling you how they can get you more followers instantly. LoL
How do you set up a mini league for the Euro 2012 Bracket Challenge? It is listed in the rules but does not state how to set up.
Thanks for a reason other than "cuz it's Tuesday" to drink Tully's!
They say all black people carry knives. I'm gonna tell you the truth. It's a lie cause I've been carrying an ice pick for thirty-two years.
The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, Citigroup, Wells Fargo and Costco Wholesale
#FF hey drew cant wait for your visit to Houston! looking forward to meeting you!
Q: When was the longest day in the Bible? A: The day Adam was created because there was no Eve.
A little late to the Toy Story party. So Sideshow Bob and Newman are both in TS2?
congrats on your NYC trip. Do what ya gotta, but I think you would look damn good w/your home state boys in the black/gold. MIZ
Just heard wonderful talks from and Uri Treisman at the Chicago Math & Science Symposium
Everyone enjoy your last Friday of summer! We'll see you Monday bright n' early at 8:00 AM!
it's war with the metaphor \m/
hi all what do you want me to twitter about
If the author of the first dictionary misspelled a word we would never really know... would we...
#Extremes work.
right, you were so drunk that you fell out of the car :o
Standing in a REALLY long line to get my university ID card makes me feel like I'm in college all over again!
: Follow she follows back :)
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man. - Elbert Hubbard
Vinny Follows Other People But Not Us.!(: Haha
Watching NFL Inside Training Camp Right Now.....
I'm gonna do what I do and do a damn good job..being single hm..what a concept
Smile. Have you ever noticed how easily puppies make human friends? Yet all they do is wag their tails and fall over. ~ Walter Anderson
Haha nope. Just wanted to shine in her brightest and most "respectful" outfit.
Beckett GOLFING when he misses a START due to an INJURY? IT'S ENTITLEMENT, he knows we NEED him. Dock him his 500K!
“Some people think music education is a privilege, but I think it’s essential to being human.” - Jewel
Jamming out to some (: RT if your a fan of Tyler and his crew(:
I must be boring you to tears then....cuz I haven't tweeted in weeks! LOL
yeah yeah ! I saw you too .
Tea Party Tax Protest at the Ga state capitol today at 7pm!
its on tv WMAR Channel 2 ABC
Yo, didn't he jus get locked up? Heard it on the radio the other day.
Jamaica need to find a way to take back our airline from t&t... I will never travel with them. Ever! :-(
I'm now creeped out by the distorted Obama face scarf. Not sure that's the best look.
Agree, building financial literacy before graduation is very important.
Having errors all day.
Awkwardly standing there while your friend talks to someone you don't know.
some people. i swear.
Not lardy-beautifully brutish :)
Got To Be Grateful For What I Have Cause Some Ppl Dont Have Moms To Celebrate With.
M, carrots <3
Love zoes and their sports cups too!!! RT : Trying ZOËS Kitchen for the first time!
Lol switching from honors to regular makes your new teacher love you. Haha
Dexter informs me that people from Florida basically live on key lime pie.
so. college. RT this is not real life
The funny is going down tonight in Oakland, CA Abyssinian Baptist Church, 528 33rd St. I will be opening for 7PM.
Amen RT : When I let go of what's not meant to be, I clear a path for good stuff to find me!
you are my favorite
Stoked on that bulldog design
we'll race ya...hope you packed some short sleeves!
everything that's BIG and RED!!!
well thats good! At least it wasnt one of your irish ones!
great, how about you?
New levels in Angry Birds Seasons! Huzzah!
I need to learn to crash to the expensive conferences ;)
David Krejci wins the game in OT and caps off his amazing night with a Hat Trick!!! Couldn't be more awesome!
Thank you 4 the RT! Create a beautiful day!
Sex toys.
RT : Galison: "It's naive to think we're Leonardo di Vinci with our experiments...we don't do everything."
Do you think they'll sell out!?!
Thank you!
Favorite compliment: "I wouldn't have guessed that you used to be shy."
Car hit by #Caltrain near Menlo Park. Coincidence? Or the work of #Fridaythe13?
RT : so, w/skeptical/difficult SMEs OR biz ldrs, connect with them to build trust - HELP them, you get what you give
can't retweet anything u post it says your acct its protected....classic pic tho
Have not been on tweeter for the longest WOW !!!!!
4 classes down, 3 to go
Do #agender and #genderqueer people see their identities as related or different?
where exactly y'all at?!
Ppl can smell rain right? Dnt make me feel odd. It smells good, clean, n fresh.
you find you a ride?
yea so now wat oh yea u still mad at that person
I'm happy to see you landed a good job fast! We'll miss reading your stuff on vosd, but looking forward to your articles.
Learning through rejection.
There's an MLS team named Chicago Fire? That just seems wrong somehow. Like Galveston Hurricanes or San Fran Earthquake?
he has told me stories about girls i wish i could erase from memory. no thank you
Yeah, I just had a grilled cheese for breakfast.
We do use butter in our rice, but for our vegan patrons we are more than happy to plain boil our Basmati rice!
Oh my Grande I saw it to ! What was your favorite partt ??
guess that put an end to that conversation, lol. ;)
Everyone please flood your radio stations with music. You won't regret it!
I just had this cold. Skip the running and rest--you'll need it later!
Oh hush. ;) maybe tomorrow afternoon? Just text me tomorrow! :)
Great dinner at in the Heights
RACHEL BBY, YOU'RE A STAR.
Susan Hildreth kicks off the Partners in Workforce Investment panel
Everyday I am forgetting my travel mug full of coffee at home.
Monday is on its way. :-/ The weekend flew by too fast for me.
"We're all individuals... we're all different!"
I am also opposed to using the term "child-less". "Childless" connotates something sad...
Going in hard
Not this season. We aren't allowed to pop the canopies until the morning. Pros and cons of the new reserved spot rules.
if that's the case then I'm going to add "wow mahn look at what I wrote" for every article going forward
I'm an archives paraprof in a uni, but I skim CHE headlines several times a week to keep my finger on pulse of higher edu trends
GoingOn Networks named a finalist in SIIA CODiE award, Best Education Community Solution!
courtney and I are cheersing in your honor. woo!
Ted Nugent was apparently a big draw at the NRA convention, where Romney spoke. His rant was borderline treasonous.
Using Wiffiti to post messages for everyone on the wall
Updated TweetDeck on new comp, 1 of those cases where some great things about it & of course they take away things I really liked.
Relationships are meant for two. But there's always that one hoe who doesn't know how to count.
Bears are done without a QB.
We Go To NY
actually contends The Eagles are not a California band. Tell him what YOU think!
Most sodas have around 35 mg in a can but the notorious Mountain Dew has 46-55 mg of caffeine.
is that all u can tweet bout?
RT : Can we all discuss the fact that took his shirt off? Not exactly what it sounds like but whatever. HE TOOK ...
thank you for the door to door service much appreciated
Doing the Season Preview Talk this evening with lovely fellow artists and audience !
Donald Driver's got moves like Jagger! #Packers represent
We agree- putting it lightly, yes. We tell she's like a bourbon.... taste grows on you after its been around awhile.
But the soul patch threw me off. And I have a nose too.
Kenny, I fucking made it!
What song makes you get up and dance?
they don't figure times out until later tonight.
": Missing THE WALKING DEAD on Sunday night... :(" its such a damn fine show
Wish I knew why Comcast internet in my house was always so sporadic. They say there is nothing they can do....hm, so like a blow off to me
So many amazing new followers! Thank you all!!
Went to Advance Auto Parts store, spent $100. Went to #amazon bought same for half. Went back to the store, returned all. I'm a web man!
Who's available/tough enough to b my bodyguard for tonight's festivities? You should be in Baltimore. Just like this. Ok? Kthnxbaibaiskees!
that'll be one for the storybooks haha
Go to the Dr, before I kick your arse
close....RT : Guinness?
Look at me I'm tattooed like a bitch with a case on my arm and some cash on my dick...pretty boys Ima smash with m clique
You should check out if you haven't already
exactly....if it were 60 degrees here today I'm pretty sure almost everyone would be walking around naked.
Omw to the doctors. Then later I be omw to get fitted for my dress
I've just been freakishly busy even after school. W/ friends and family stuff 8_8
trying out this thing called "green tea"... let's see how this goes
Happy Nearer-To-Death Day, Dan!
how about a magnificent Monday!!!
Come to a free show tonight at Skylark Cafe in w Seattle!! Playing with Noddy and Press on Randy. And we're slowly getting drunk.
Treating Pain and Painkiller alternative: Sealogix Fish Oil www.5StarFishOil.com
We're going to be bigger and better than ever!
Yeah, those Guillen boys are no good...RT : Delivering toys at different hospitals with the OzzieGuillen foundation today
OMG!!! Gary Neal is COLD!
I guess we count as the US Directioners...
The cool part is if she doesn't raise the full amount she needs...your card isn't charged your donation.
wuddup pint size lady?? How's eveything going in ga??
I'm reading A Prayer for Owen Meany by John Irving. Don't know how I let this one wait for so long! --Shirley Reva Vernick's
I've changed, I know. I've been growing up. That does involve finding who I really am and being that person.
I hate that stupid old pickup truck you never let me drive. <\3
490 Square feet of meeting space available. Great half-day and full-day rates!
#music PC is writing some more today
Thx for the follow Josh, looking forward to your posts!
Goal in life: own a house near the Lynn Fells Parkway in Saugus that has completely out of place marble-like columns.
weird - right now mine says i have 20GB. maybe bc of amazon prime?
I seriously can't watch basketball anymore. What do non-sports people do in March?
and like smashing a plate in the dinner hall? And telling mrs Bradley's to fuck off :D x
lol , a little bit . it wont take me long to master it though . probably like a week or so .
My drs appt. Was an hour ago.. Still haven't been seen. D:
why are you so dressed up today ..
OMG ITS PROM DAY! so much to do!
Bring it home, tomorrow, Abby! Don't underestimate Japan!!!!
I LOVE YOU<3
The notebook<3
Of course! Would love to meet in person one day. RT : thank you so much.
In total freak out mode right now...
Passing up a lucrative job offer... regret is something I try not to acknowledge but it is slowly seeping in... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Free munchies never hurt.
"I liken owning a gun to owning a tiger," Commissioner Frederick Bealefeld, I
thx for the RT. that vid made me smile, cringe, laugh, cry all at the same time
RT : Moving along...Our next prize is a Mini Kick Scooter from
823 pictures of One Direction out of all 842 picture on my iPod! So....yeah thats how much I LOVE them <3
Master of the House is one of them.
he had seen y which was nothing unusual.
CNN Grill rocks!!! Sippin' on champagne and socializing
thank you!!!
Love the glasses. Very...posh. :) Enjoy the movie!
lmao well I heard target is running a special<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>reliable and affordable
- Off topic, but my father-in-law worked on the Hubble, too. Ron Farris. Robotic arm, if I remember.
Algorithms are social constructions that are embedded with values...Shared by
A community means the students trust each other enough to write & share their experiences w/o fear
Congrats to on winning the Honda Classic!
RT RT : Teachers: "Turn off your cell phones." Students: *sets cellphone on vibrate*. Retweet if you do this.
to #speak on #campus this fall about & his journey. DM us to bring Adam to your
yo kid I Cnt make it tonight, but I'm deff down for nxt Sunday brotha, let's talk at school
I love doing comedy - I get a laugh out of it, it's not so serious
Thanks for keeping us informed and up to date on what is going on!
flyers' fans beating rangers' fans?!? you fracking idiots. the game unites-- we don't beat one another. go away.
When something bad happens you have three choices. You can either let it define you, let it destroy you, or you can let it strengthen you.
Dear #Wordpress, I am on the verge to break up with you. Thank you. Me
this is really bothering you. Ha
See you there!
Get em next time BULLS
Q1 A local library has a keyword explosion on the left-hand side of the website. You do a search and then BOOM. Keywords.
coming son...very soon!
I love it that #MLB is celebrating Scott Karl day today #Brewers everyone has #42 on
Yeah man, felt strange not being there. Gonna miss all of you at !
sorry havent been on all day !
Right on! Always nice to be on set. Love filmmaking! Hope all goes well.
So JP Morgan has managed to lose over 2 billion dollars in bad investments. Listed as one of their top buys was the Brooklyn Bridge.
LoL - I had the same thought earlier. I was uncomfortably warm at midnight for the first time this year.
Ben, that is why you are awesome!
My whole body ache :/
Heads up! If you aspire to build a coworking space and want to visit, let me know! I want more of us to exist and more of us to do it right!
for Sammi to take care of Ronnie when he was drunk was a good girlfriend (:
Thanks for #ff! Hope you have a great weekend! It's supposed to get up to 80 - I don't know what I'm going to do with myself!
Anytime! Glad I could help in some way.
thanks for teaching me to tweet on my phone!
whoops didn't see previous tweet... 100
yeah “: I'm gonna give it a shot this weekend!! So here I come Houston!!”
Rochester has made the 100 smuttiest cities list. Find out where we rank & how we made the list on News10NBC Today at 6:30
New Brush Set is ordered!
Watch your email for the Friends Fall Newsletter!
Fake friends who use you then accuse you of shit...not worth the effort. F eM' ALL!!!!!!
Jane Lynch + = too much awesome on my TV!
I had great crowds and great shows tonight at the Wiregrass Concert Series, I can't wait to do it again. Now I have to go home and unpack
The 80 year old Chinese woman put an extra eggroll in our takeout. Yea, I still got it.
Appreciating Bobby Bare Jr.s generosity in giving Carrie Kolionis solo time. Gorgeous songs & voice. BBJ's harmonizing is icing on the cake
Season TWO of #TEENWOLF starts .. JUNE 3rd. Just saw the official commercial on #MTV #SUPEREXCITED! RT!! <--- Let People Know!!
What's your favorite way to relieve stress?
I'm used to being the object of your ifyctions.
Lies nothin ion know what u heard
NADDA. IT'S SNOWING
you already know that tho... lol
PhillyTweeps: Today's the LAST DAY to check out the Henry Ossawa Tanner exhibit at PA Academy of Fine Arts Broad & Cherry Streets. 5pm close
the poker media (minus SP) is a complete joke in and of itself.
simply amazing you can't support taxing a product that's designed to kill, impose intolerable suffering & reduce healthcare cost
I am way too tired and excited to sleep. The obnoxious white noise in my head is overpowering the obnoxious white noise of downtown L.A.
suree and its my moms lol
Where, no doubt, you truly learned
i leave thursday. let's make this happen. text me tues.
Green Power Energy was happy to participate in the Somerset Co 4-H Fair this weekend. We met a lot of great people who love solar!
RT : I love "IDEAL Response", it works, but the best stuff is always the hardest!// thanks!
Lifting boxz is a workout!
#FW because I can't wait for a #FF for her :) Yes, she's that cool!
I feel bad leaving you just to try to talk to somebody that doesn't even know what is in front of her! :/
my current preoccupations: taxes & bomb threats.
I never knew what real happiness was until I got married, and by then it was too late.
If I ever decided to get a cat. I would never get a cat. I would get a tiger.
FUCK YOU ROB DRAKE... WORTHLESS FUCKING UMPIRE
Im so excited for this fucking mancake
Would you wear our shirts?!? we are just launching!!!
Lunch w Dad. Such an AMAZING resource and an AMAZING father.
Anyone want to play ultimate tonight at 6?
do you leave near San Francisco? Now I'm panicking over this spider
On my way to the #Intel keynote
Melissa Gilbert (Laura Ingalls) has filed for divorce from husband Bruce Boxleitner. Bad week for the Gilbert girls.
or because people don't buy concentration of power in the hands of one person?
Thousand followers!
Up watching the news...... ESPN of course
where can I buy tickets?
Whatever you want to do.
The super dooper LeBron has arrived!
Just leaving the #OrganDonorAwarenessSeminar at #GalileeBaptistChurch in
Looking for Appreciative Inquiry case studies. Anyone have something to share?
Good morning everyone! :D
similar to you: uh wth lol
Probably a safe full of Nazi gold, yo.
How they kick out Dubi
Hey - if people don't laugh at your student show it's actually 's problem. #teacherevaluation ;-)
Aw! Hugs are always free at our merch table :)
Glad to hear it!
Not sure I can survive on no coffee, no alcohol for 2 weeks. At the end of this purgatory I will dance the flamenco & drink cava in Spain.
I miss the Jonas Brothers :(
Enjoying a delicious IPA at the Dog and Duck in Austin, TX.
the final i thought was today is not till thursday!
to what
Not as expensive as buying new ones, though.
A year ago, I smiled
cool. got 15 min to skype? or some other way? DM or email me
...that the honey badger is going to take the far that USC boosters bought for Barkley.
Just got back from the gym and Wally World.
thanks Martin! It plays pretty nice!
": wow .. Smh! You use to hit my cousin cousin also & caitlyn!" Hahaha ok I lied only if they deserved it
Monday fun day...
A Friend is a treasure. More precious than Gold, For love shared is priceless And never grows old.
thanks for the retweet!
76ers taking it to the best team in the NBA...again.
Sign up w/our street team today and receive $75 in driving credit! 12pm-7pm!
One more dinner in napa.
roulan is just mad at you because his girl left him.
My last tweet. lol
I hate being sick
Trying to decide what is worst: Morning Traffic or Rush hour traffic?
Hm "Kony 2012" could be a scam.
Doing some intense work over the interweb trying to get sponsors and donations!
I swear, if opens up for Justin on the Believe tour i'm gonna go crazy. I absolutely love them.
Her Happy face! :)
Me too - would love to go back!
fuck your state's rights, north carolina.
you mean plane?
it can be, if the guy knows how to hurt me just right.
waiting 4 my dad 2 get back from the hospital and bein really bored :/
Do you ever get nervous presenting in front of others? Do you want to build your confidence in business meetings?Toastmasters is the answer.
Why's that?
I know! Lol losers :) just kidding I'm always at work /;
Who are all these nugus? Why are they so bad at doing musics?
bahahahaah RT lmao oh he gon cry in the car!!! “: u never win your black!”
Please All followbackme, I need you Followed:)
Specific lyrics please!
Who's going to see the Rebirth Brass Band at the Echoplex this Sunday?
luv you too!!! :) thanks for tweeting me Jasmine #blackandyellow :)
Finishing season three of 24 and enjoying my pretty vday red roses
is so johnny on the spot to criticize Officers. Where is he now when they sacrifice their lives for SD city citizen.
I hate when my brother & his girlfriend argue..... then they bring me in it... tf'?????? Shiiid' I'm jusst the baby w/ the bottlee !
Happy birthday, !!!
i hate management they always fuck us over. now it'll be soo hard to get tickets.
Ultimate male fail: Getting into a back and forth yelling match with a woman. Especially on a social network. Let it go bro.
What's up Booker !!!
The chile is so tasty! Thanks for coming out to the ! Happy Thanksgiving!
Oct 14th I'm calling it
You hear that #epicgames we want more #carmine for #gearsofwar3 because there was a lack of him in the game
From : "Police are still looking for more suspects involved in the reporter attack..."
Once I put on my headphones, my life becomes a music video.
Oohhh lol a butthole deactivated my twitter as a "joke" lol I just realized it today
and probably enough sodium in it to last you 3 days ;; /comfrt
Karaoke tonight at the brathouse with Keagan
it's dumb though cause I'm phone was dying and they were at the doctor so I assumed they were busy>:p
hey everyone follow my cousin for me please? Oh and while your at it :) .xx
Man I love Sarah Sample.
Buy Camtasia; it's designed that way.
thanks 2 Travis, Joe, and Jason - i can finally say, "My man cave basement is finished!" You guys rule!
Get em RT : Dan Girardi just obliterated Mike Green with a hit...Callahan drive denied by Holtby...
School is gonna be ass with my boys not being here don't know what ima do next yeaar....
Let's go Pitt State!!!
CLE fan wrote this ;) RT : True fans don’t quit on their team in tough times. They keep their head up and believe anything can happen.
Watching movies and pigging out me my bro
: I was looking for "Cannibal Holocaust," and I totally found it! Might be the only copy in the city. Feeling good about this.
Triple Chocolate Brownies
I guess I shouldn't be too shocked at the deteriorated condition of the VA med ctr ER in the nation's capital. But our vets deserve better.
True he will yell it LOUD. LOL
I need to get you two-tone jewelry?
see you soon! hopefully we can talk tonight about the collab! I really love your designs, make sure to wear some! :)
RT : Watch Parks and Rec Season 4 tonight at 830 on NBC and meet the new Tom Haverford aka MASTER OF SWAGAMONIES.
we are coming to germany next year i know this what i told you at least. I do not know something new
hey my friends i wore our psanders tshirts today!! #represent !!
thanks for the tweet!
sing louder and add "yeah yeah" throughout and they'll think it's rap music. You'll become a brotha!
So many people, I lost count. *Sighs*
“: Maybe I need to take up the invites I get to come out”>>uh yea!!!! Lol
CDL Truck Driver Jobs CR England Trucking is Hiring! No Experience Necessary
Awesome! I hope I thanked you on my page as well, but if I didn't: THANK YOU! :)
Sure enough tonight's Wizards game hashtag is #wizcavs. #Wizmagic does have a more delightful ring to it, though.
Don't. I am sitting her trying to write for 529. I finished writing a 546 to turn in Monday. Did you write one?
u don't have my number
how been bra
Up and at em at 5am. Time for the airport....
Y i had to get stuck ridn with the wierd white dude lmao
do you know the link to see whos in first and what not?
Having cats and kids is like having my own personal entourage following me from room to room.
Think your knees are too stiff to do a Stair Climb? In 2009, Dwayne Fernandez, a double amputee, completed the Empire State Building Run Up,
Mornings have been so hard lately. You're always on my mind.
Mr. was quite dashing in #ThinkLikeAMan - a handsome chef indeed.
i miss you too lady !!
Send out tweets to worldwide major EDU people tweeting about mashable articel to open discussion about future of PLE. Hope they respond!
thank you!! :)<3 i like need 100 likes at least :)
skrillex is some huge rave type concert
Pressure to complete one project tends to get lots of other small projects done.
I just launched the wholesale division of my Daniela Zagnolli Collection at www.DanielaZagnolli.com. Check out now.
I just cleaned a stoma the other day. I had to leave the room for a bit when done.
sick of being alone... I just want my boyfriend. but its too much to ask.
RG3 baby! I told you we would make that move.
Yay!!! Enjoy. We love you guys so! xxoo
"Rectangle, America, Monday....butthole."“: Ron Swanson Rules!!!!! #Parks&Rec”
Forecast for University of Louisville Sunday night April 1st... ICE COLD!!!!
so you aren't on UK warped?
Trivia contest begins! In the movie Tombstone, What is the name of the Saloon in town? First correct reply here wins a shirt. size S to XXL.
don't work too hard...and is it really warm enough for a bathing suit?
damn its like that huh? Lol
we have just released our new android app!! check the andriod store and search new york deals for today and download our app to your phone
Not watching anymore... Drew was the best!
reasons why religious beliefs should not influence public policy: bacon, salami, prosciutto, ham, and oh yeah, it's fucked up.
yes! i never felt like taking it down and now im just like- he is part of my wall now i cant take it down
can I get a follow back? Donr mess with #Texas. #San Antonio!
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Bibb County until 08:45 PM
OUR HERO SENDS YOU BACK TO MANHATTAN.
We have the most beautiful Honeys in town! Hitting the stage and ready for YOU! Come get $5 U Call It all night!!!
My wife, daughter and I had a great time at the Globetrotters, game today thanks to Very proud of him and all he's done
FREE Balsamic & OO Open House Next Wed is set. 5pm-8pm w/ Happy Hour Specials & Tips fr Growing your Own Herb Garden!
Sounds like you have a shirt eating monster in your apartment.
Day 2 at Inside Social Apps! To keep up, follow our Director of Products
Those cute couples make me sad.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
guess what. i figured out my password. turns out. i never changed it. :
Only in the #USVI could Legislators consider #deregulation of an industry as vital as Taxis & still claim 2 B
Why can't I stand up in the middle of an active meeting after public comment is closed & council is deliberating?
Thanks for following! I use to love in B'more & loved getting out to Frederick. What a great town for writing!
Anyone wanna talk? :/
Chris Raschka slams standardized tests to the audience's delight
chasing you're dreams will get you somewhere in life. Chasing guys will only get you a broken heart
Johnnie Red laughs in the face of writer's block. That only sounds unhealthy because it's 2:30 am.
Random, but shoutout to Keep doing your thing man. You focused!
how's your day ? Any better ?
Good look boi! I forgot it came on tonight!
my mom's always changing plans
There's definitely a legitimate argument there. It's just not an easy call when you think about the worst-case scenario.
No way! They have an Apple Store in Montgomery now?
u good... Nigga u kno wars dumb
count me in!
The #limit #badbeat was hit yesterday evening on table 31 for $7,513 and was reset to $1,200! Are you next?
today is national hate madi day
Mann I need to get a business meeting with
what they do homie
Not 46% that's a very high # of dems who feel the wealthy contribute nothing- who do u think pays for our gov?
Idaho Stampede RT : A nation waits,blue in face from breath.holding, to learn the fate of one man. Where will Scalabrine go?
OMG I die too cute <3
Damned if I do, damned if I don't
officers of fatally beating black insurance executive Arthur McDuffie.
It's sloppy out there, and we're not just talking about Santorum. Stay dry! Low waits, low rates. Cars near you right now! (206)722-7696
Florida is gonna let that happen in their own house in dub ot. Fuckin skells
let's do it this yr big dog! For real take it over, try to get Earl Watson, to split time with Mario! Last yr combo not cuttin it
There's something wrong with Southern turns of phrase?
Celebrities take McDonald's to task over egg practices.
When it comes to killing fleas-you must treat the yard, house and the pet to stop the Flea life cycle. Your pets will be happier when u do!
thats D'Antoni for you!!!!! Ride his players took they drop
stayed up way too late editing a new set for Liz's site.
so i also learned there's like 10 kinds of leukemia. maybe she has a chronic form? would've been nice to know before now.
Hussle hard monday. Everyone have a blessed day and make sure you use your time wisely .
'til we meet again Buelita. I miss you already, but you're in a better place now.
How many $1 hot dogs did you eat?
Witnessed, photographed and reported an assault today in Seattle. The guy was OK after, but pretty bloody. Wow. Hooray DSLRs
HEALTHCARE:Home-Family-Job-Assets-Health Ins. Which one can take the others away from you? Buy your book (TheProfitTrap) www.amazon.com
": If you're seriously enraged that James Bond is going to drink Heineken, you take the wrong things seriously."
#Actors - When preparing, ask yourself "How am I different from my character?" Once you know it will be easier to get in & out of character!
Finally macbook'in it. Gonna be a great tool to have on location during shoots, shooting tethered is awesome.
There are certain moments when dealing with the general public where I just want to say... "I'M SORRY... BUT I DON'T SPEAK RETARD!!!"
Who love's orange soda? loves orange soda ...I do I do I do I do I do o
i'd crawl but ya know.. i can fly
Looks like it's going to be a fun night/morning w/ DDoS attack aftermath.
I love being one of those teenagers that doesn't feel like growing up.
so sorry to hear that! We can help! Give us a call. 858.492.1090
shoutout to follow his tweets :)
www.scoresluda.com it's just good coffee.
Three Cal points. Two Cal turnovers. One missed field goal. And a partridge in a ... aw, screw it.
I am trying to convince my mom to plan our beach vaction in Miami, so I have a really good chance of meeting Austin(:
There are a lot of dudes here tonight for
MISinformation is not innformation
Children shouldn't talk to strangers. Not because strangers are dangerous, but because children are incapable of meaningful conversations.
“: idk what to do anymore. its killing me.” This is how I feel about my broken ankle while I'm walking in heels right now,lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
that's great news!
<U+200E>I love photos,Because they never change,even when people in them change.
I love hearing rumors because they tell me things about myself I didn't know before.
understand who you're trying to reach before you build a brand presence on social
let's get weird tonight. who wants to drink? (:
Off to put kids to bed and do some homework for my American Literature class...
lc v-day organizer verbally abused her directors... my heart goes like </3 and then my temper goes like solar.
Those vanmoofs have integrated solar lights on all of their frames. Awesome. Nice, functional bikes.
I know. I've always stretched with tapers but he stretched mine with tunnels & a little thingy that puts it through.
Lumineers, Head & the Heart, Of Monsters & Men
This week, we're excited to feature SCAN programming w/ a political focus. What's your favorite program or episode that spotlights politics?
ready for them cowgirls to get spanked? lol
t-shirt for the dept. Also if my paper is any indication top 5: illegible, inscrutible, destabilize, ambivalence, crisis
Headed to tomorrow for #okratoopera conference on #southernculture. Excited!
dont leave you have me!!!
I would <3<3<3<3 ABSOLUTELY <3<3<3<3 to meet Jennifer and Kristian in Person, and let them both know how INCREDIBLE they ARE!
From the "goddamn blacks and hippies ruined everything" school of critical thought.
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them | John Maxwell
First time not listening to techno while doing homework, it's all about Drive By - Train #np <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Mets add another run and now lead 2-0. Mets with 2 runs on 2 hits. #Btewers 0 runs on 4 hits.
I'm so glad you corrected me, with the wrong month. You genius you! :)
Why do I feel so weird?
Cheap Brushed Nickel Door Knobs: Baldwin 5225.150.ENTR Egg ...
Yes , we are friends & no, I am not mad at you. #lovemywrestlingcoach #cwa4life <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Maybe I should just get a tatoo on my hand that says: Milk, AA batterys, Pet Food & Vodka
thanks D!
I just realized how evil a chicken omelette is. They kill the chicken, chop it up, and cook it inside its own babies.
Yep, I see it now.
Today is Keith Haring’s birthday. He would have been 54. Celebrate his legacy by visiting “Keith Haring: 1978-1982” at the Brooklyn Museum!
hi handsome
Once upon a time, Edisons. Tonight. 9pm. TRIVIA!!! be there. The end. :)
RT if you love your followers :)
Good night Twitterverse. I give thanks and praise to God. Say a prayer tonight and welcome God into your life.
thanks baby
this room is donald norman's nightmare
I must remember to thank him later...
How often are you following someone new?
These kids have a bouncy castle.......
Check out our FREE CROWN Moulding offer.We'll install 100 lin feet of crown when you have Mr.D's paint your home. Call for a free estimate !
#sxsw Anthony #Bourdain Visited Franklin's BBQ this morning and says "Fuckin Unbelievable!"
remember in freshman year I thought u were the girl that had all those hives in my math class review..
Good morning running shorts, Nike flip flops, and lazy day.
He called me on his cell standing in front of the bike! I do wonder if there is a stolen bike export industry in NYC.
Not a good day.
Having 6 people try to get the guy you like to ask you out >>>>
don't leave Clearwater without having a Grouper sandwich!
Having the hiccups <<
Someone committed suicide next door to where I am..... I would be freaked out living here too
Life is too precious, don't destroy it.
U gotta give things at least one listen, may've been the greatest song ever recorded- though that'd be chalanged by Jack Black
My outift today makes me look like a homeless boy.
Thanks new followers
If some random gurl walks up to you, and asks you to have sex, would you? If your answers yes, your most likely gonna end up wit an STD. :/
you in love D-Dawg??
Ah!!!!! 2 sentences instead of 50 then pause for reply.
I would if I could. Reason #236 I miss the south.
When stuck at home I don't want to be here?! WTF? Wii, movie, eat!? What should I do w myself :)
why is my heart racing?
I actually know who Nurse Rached is because I'm old
Shout out to our new followers!
they can, yet it is almost impossible to stay subjective if you were the one that recorded it. You become attached to much.
If someones posts interests you but you don't know what to comment or are just too tired, at least click like. It's polite!
|| no followback for me ?
I most likely will be getting a new numb when I get my phone. I am devising a way to get my contacts back, as well as some new/old ones.
Hmm, enabling VMDirectPath I/O on a host using AutoDeploy is turning out to be a challenge.
I'm pretty sure no amount of rain would cause me to flake on a TNG party.
Day2 #maslsc12 today ill Discover the Buzz!
can I get a follow back Zach ??(;
could be, I like him. I'm just saying can't go off college production when a teams offense is triple option
hope you stay well please it appears the song only you hold my heart has come full circle please be well
Oh twins LOL ugh school gets on my nervous ugh lol
Hit my manager ....7089532928 teamtko for the college croud n promo hard.!
am I the only one that gets teary eyed when watching #undercoverboss ? smh
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
Thanks to all our new followers!!!
aw k
A law library based in Pittsburgh, PA is recruiting for an innovative Library Director. This experienced Library Director is responsible fo…
I think you'll be very pleased with the results, you and your dog will be all the happier!-Andrea R., Dallas, TX
All the complaints should tell you something ,PUT IT BACK
thanks for the great feedback! Should be a fun campaign.
Dude. Were gonna see each other even less after summer. I think i'm moving in with my other grandma.
i love the new zombie song great job. can't wait to hear the next one. maybe you and eminem together in a song! LOL
no you cant
"ineffectual") - I hate being sick! And worse - I hate not having someone around I could rely on to take care of me (but determined
I can't wait to see you in august in florida again :) <3
He looks like Big Sean
May 11th for at
You're in like seventh grade.. Please don't try to give sex advice
I've received six surveys from my institution this week, four of them today. Too. much. assessment.
that's my big sister and she is married sorry
Do you have a link? Sounds like something I'd like.
Couldn't find any info on your website about seattle. Will you be in PDX at all? please respond.
sorry ill edxplain everything monday
my advice as a marketer for MANY basketball players, consider your audience. Think about the coaches and agents who will hear it.
pretty sure i can do one of those. Hint: Mike doesn't allow for an extension. I'll get on it today Taxesshmaxes.
Be in relationship only to add value not just to hang around.
Everyone have a good weekend
It's getting real!
:) your welcome(:
Category 19-D winner is also Ted Bronson
Cmon Yo, time to turn it around!
Giving away a 30 page per minute copier to a local charity with a purchase of $3,000 (copier-MFP). 303-778-0600
Always a good night with , with all of our spontaneous adventures! :)
“: someone is self absorbed #kirko !!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>” hahahahahahaha that shits funny
Avengers was great!
Shaking fist at 4th Circuit.
Even in my darkest moments, I trust that the Universe is moving on my behalf and that I am being taken care of.
so spanky, my dads all unconfuseded now and i'm going up on friday. i hope i see you soon beautiful.<3
Thanks for the GC recommendations. Nom nom is right!
I <U+2665> my #mobwives!! 2 months til I'm back in #nyc. Can't wait!!!!
Experiment with new code, new patterns, new tools
thank you!
Whoa, , I'm thrilled as well but isn't this type of celebration saved for series ending OT goals, not early round 2-1 series!?
Birthday tomorrow! :)
thanks. I try to be. Everyone deserves someone nice even hitler had friends
FOLLOW ME PLEASE :'(
what the hell is a jedi buzz anyway?
I stopped dying my hair in May. What makes me laugh is that 99 of 100 people have asked me why I started dying it "blonde."
Happy New Year everyone! Stay safe and have a wonderful evening.
I missed Weeks almost being hurt and then not being hurt. I missed a walk-off. I missed 4 innings of exciting baseball.
#thefeelingwhen u grab the weight knowing that shit is heavy, muscles tense, anticipation grows & u own the lift, feeling growth & success!
OMG on the night shift :( I hope Greg is doing great! :) What are you doing now?
Ha! RT : Earthquakes hit Washington, next week hurricanes, after that frogs and locusts, then the worst plague - Congress returns.
no I cannot private message you, because you do not private follow me. You private jerk. Ha.
Where's Shonna???...looking forward to hearing something new from you SOON.
Xmas music is playing at
ONE DIRECTION R COMING TO MY CITY!!!!!! OH MYYYU FREEAKKING GOODNESS
Why do man hit weman? Just because some men r pigs:-) .
Though I'm grateful for the blessings of wealth, it hasn't changed who I am. My feet are still on the ground. I'm just wearing better shoes.
Hey ppl go follow me if u want 100 followers u got 30 mins time ticking on 50 can win and mention me wen ur done
Texting #oomf about #oomf lol & they know each other lol. Not bad stuff though :)
Dear Love, you are a 4 letter word...so short...and yet you are so complicated.
AGREE!!! A7 China's not only classier, it's greener. Save the planet :)
hella yelled at her today. said something in the end that i regret though. but shit, i'm sick of what you do to her !!
great iwill definitly be checking it out
There's just that point in time when you get sick of the bullshit.
Long day today. Getting ready for Strategic Planning session.
I know right? I seriously think this might be someone who is actually that preppy. Scary.
Why are you up hahaha I wouldn't be but i have not seen you in forever
so close to #12k:)
You showed me........ #love like none other
That's cool!
"If the devil himself wrote a book, we'd want it in the Library" - Edwin Hatfield Anderson, director of NYPL 1913-1934
Oy - you are so right; we stand corrected. We clearly didn't have enough coffee before posting this AM!
Rhomboid? No, rhombus. Rhomboids don't have straight lines. (Yes, I needed to check. Find the right word, you know.)
i don't sit still well, so i keep tweaking/re-injuring it. i need to get better at it. ugh. at least i'm no longer on crutches!
RT : You're welcome! Happy to say I got the $1.9 mn listing in #rva so I really need you now! • Congrats! Hooked you up!
There is a lot of snow out there! Sorels? Check! Super long Columbia coat? Check!
The secret of success is to be like a duck - smooth and unruffled on top, but paddling furiously underneath.
If the Lions or Steelers don't take Decastro, they are such idiots
ur YouTube videos make me lol. Thanks! God bless!
Me too!! LOL RT : I haven't upgraded either I'm too scared lol
Eli is on SNL for another 30 minutes.....
The feeling is mutual! RT You guys are AWESOME!
Oh its so cool :)
ohh what did he do this time?
Okay, who turned all the lights out in the Hollywood Heights? DWP- Flick a switch!
Explosives duct taped to my spine, nothings gonna change my mind. "These are lyrics, no I am not blowing up anything".
it was good to see at my job the other day :)
Molly am I in?
Looking forward to form based code orientation beginning @ 2
Damn, middle school drama !
Forced to choose, however, he did say that Little Bucharest Bistro was better than Nelly's Saloon. Little Bucharest has my seal of approval.
RT “ “ I'm going to have my friends back no matter if they're wrong or right. That's just loyalty””
Watching family guy reruns at home... Again.
Love Left To Lose - Sons Of Sylvia
Does that ever actually happen? :-)
Hey, I'm doing that too!
iBand Live! @ The Highlands In Hollywood, 10:30 PM PST, Tonight only on www.iBand.me
Jimmy McCulloch died on this day in 1979 of a heroin overdose. He was the lead guitarist for Wings.
Found old love letters today between pages of 1st draft of my novel (5th draft now). My heart still leapt. Wow. I want that romance again
We standardized most campus names to be formatted that way for launch. Can possibly change in coming weeks - hope that's ok!
no problem! Xo
Now tha im talking to him it just hit me, things are never gunna be the way they used to be..
Apparently nobody told #Komen that you should NOT make the Internet mad. The Internet is vicious. It has pitchforks.
Welcome! :) We just sent you a mail with a cool opportunity!
Things that are done for attention
Finally walking to my car. Smh.
if u cant be ironman u can always be antman
thank you for the RT
Day 2 of Rick Kern's workshop on text, literacy, context and recontextualization in L2 teaching! Starting strong with Vygotsky and McLuhan.
#maang users we will keep you posted here re. status. Apologies for the inconvenience!
I love my life!!
thats cool I prolly wont do much 4 mine
Happy Friday the 13th <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BB>
Did u hear about the kid in stewartville......... Screw the fly
I'll give you a full report!
HAHA THAT WAS TOO FUNNY. MY MOM IS HILAAAAAR
Ahah disney jams!!
At Qualcomm, mobile learning is blended with F2F learning. An integrated learning approach.
Will this ethics paper ever be over? I just want to be free of it!
Be known by the love you live by.
My kid is going to have more manners than damn near all of you fuckers.
WHAT ITS WORTH FOR IF ITS NOT WORTH NOTHING
I have never listened to Emarosa much >.<
Another day going smoothly. Many miles to go with my new art project. I just dread going back to work after such a nice vacation.
Ron Paul flooding Youtube with ads
Kent County Council backs plans for a grammar school to expand onto a new site - the first major expansion of a ..
The last 4 volumes are translated and published one by one - may God grant that it won't be too long!
Yeah, im really happy for him and he's doing this all for us<3
cute. I have a shih tzu it's kinda similar. And I do lol.
2 n half weeks
Heading out from Seoul, today. Back to Tokyo for one more meeting with --- last leg of Asian adventure
I'm just surprised that M:I 4 beat out Sherlock!
Good morning to you Ms. Alley. Stopping by to say hello and to send best wishes for a great week. Take care and stay gorgeous.
'This isn't right,' say kin of man killed by Meriden police - Meriden Record-Journal
Atomic control over traffic sources will be the next big thing in #searchsyndication - get the most out of net ad campaigns!
Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise
I suppose the fact that today's last price was 101-17 should be taken as a "win" on the day.
Oh, was that Joe Wilson? I didn't recognize him without his hood
double basses and changes in humidity are NOT friends!
This depends on the condition of your base hair and the color you have used.
The Blair Witch Project. Terrible ending.
Haha I just posted my very first tweet! :]
hey big brother how are you? Hope all is well just wanted to check in on you
good thing im not tired..or else i would fall asleep in front of my computer..
haha so not cool!?:0 haha lol naw I like my dadys bosses son!:) but we might get into it over my deddys truck.we both want it!
don't know what this is about but I LIKE it!
At Le Exotique Sushi Bar 505 Water St CRP TX w/DJ Yos
Last night my new niece, Caryson Alyse Warner, was born.
#IdFangirlIfJustin ... I already fangirl over everything he does So... (; <3'
I really need ya help big brotha. Holla - GOD bless
>_< IS YOU HOME
Had the same issue here with test devices. Why can’t we do this in Xcode again?
dear faculty: if you even slightly think that you could be violating copyright law, you probably are.
Fine, tonight I will work on Illustrator first. :)
Loving "Happy Pills!" The new album is about to be so good
#MyThoughtsAtSchool Im hungry is it lunch time yet!
wrong I'm a baby musiq son
Congratulations!!!!!! You're in the history books now!!!
well, to be fair, you may not be welcome here after your last showing. We don't wanna add to your CD collection again.
Being with him all night >>>>> <3
Phone just informed me that a very important day is approaching. How embarassing if I missed it. Whats everyone's plan for #GroundHogDay?
oh Tay getting It in(;
re: Jack DeJohnette & Newport...wow. Those were the days!
Fortune favors the bold, my friend. Also, the real estate market is shit. So we're here til that changes, only now w/ 100% more rent.
aw Baylee. You're too funny!
nice! Do they serve wine? Ha!
Empathy is the most underrated and undervalued leadership gift" - David Sanders
Just saw the cutest kitty ever! I want it!
Howard becomes intimidated after meeting Bernadette's ex boyfriend! Tune in at 6:30 to meet him!
sounds good shit we bout to get real stupid lol
I second that. RT Appreciate the suggestions on Mind Maps
It strains credulity that there were no Grays in Cabin in the Woods.
I love listening to Michael and his sister nerdle talk. No idea what any of it means but it's cute :)
skinnys and vans to hockey dont forget..
Voice from crowd: IA may want to take on the question of the role of trustees and the univ donors. How are they brought on board?
awesome, congrats! Yaay for May!
true friends cry together,fight together,always there 4 each other,walk through parts of unwanted together that's how true friends operate
we'll definitely need to meet up and celebrate once you submit it!
are we done?
cool app today! So, if you help find the best things in your neighborhod, we assume that would mean EcoClean too, yes? :)
Perfect Picture, And Name, And Backround...Haha Triple Threat!
I can't even remember the last time we got 2 pp goals in a game let alone the same period
z *snort* z
what is considered rich? Thanks!
Haha, I'd rather be in El Paso heat than humidty and heat :P but don't cut it too short.! :O
Are you still here?
honestly, Felix is better with a 1-2 run lead- or none at all.
needs to put her phone away in class.
Yes, it slipped my mind, ok, Good Night, sleep well.
take me with you!
It's hard to be in the world but not of it. That's why it's critical to have a genuine relationship w/Christ, not a religion.
Skipping a workout to have some of mom's cooking?! I think so! Lol
Anyone else notice the banner, box and video ads within your Facebook timeline pages?
Awkward conversations about bananas .
Celebrating the best mother: the wife to my three children!
i can start for the browns lol.
So apparentlly I'm subtweeting ..first of all anything that I've said has nothing to do with dat situation ...so yea your CAUGHT
really?! Well I will be there Sunday during the middle service! I've been good! Wbu?
Headed to Kansas City this morning. Just a quick trip, but excited to see my friends and family :)
Is it for a McGraw Hill Program?
I filled out the online survey.
RT : If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy. ~ Dale Carnegie
i'm ready to go right now!
Hey, its Phillip Hawkins from Palms Las vegas for Playboy|Moon|ghostbar coming to party tonight!Text with how many people coming
Shoutout to a mahomie! Who wants?
This time I'm really going to go off, fireworks.
Oh whatever you love me :PP
Started reading The Making of Psycho. Grabs you from the first chapter and doesn't let go. Lots of Hitchcock insights and myth busting.
Just rode 28 miles getting ready for the CP ride in August! Windy day head wind of 15 miles an hour! Felt great on the way back!!
Nice! How/where?
Do you enjoy avoiding me ???
Good! That makes two of us singing that darn song all morning! My co-workers probably want to kick me out of the studio! :o)
After 1 use w/one of my Ped. Pals,..your hooked!! Trust me, your hooked! But a great way to be honestly hooked
hahaha! I'm expecting big things. I'd be my first one.
hey Albert, i got some good shots of you tonight! If you want i can send you my link so you can check them out, after i edit.
it's stories like those that makes me glad I have a 20 year old son, though he's been known to scream for cupcakes too :)
I do not like DWade he's ah bitch everytime they losing he wanna play dirty bitch ass dude play ball
bitch, you love me.
I get so dirty at work...in more than one way. Ahaha
Got talked to about my dress ay work today.
I hope you're wrong. Nothing against X-F, but SYTYCD brings true talent to TV. X-F, AI, etc.. talent I could see in a Karaoke bar.
Thanks !! Sounds like you are enjoying our app!! If so, keep shouting out
#Repellen and I hangin' in my office
that baby is going to be wearing cloth diapers!
I need a shower
WHY is relationship modeling using Crow's Foot notation so god damn complicated in Visio 2010?!
Bands & indie artists start making more $$ at the merch table! We can help. It's what we do. Bundle t-shirts with your CDs.
i believe you are referring to !!
SAVE THE DATE #rochester #ROC : 12/18... details to follow, food is involved
Nope! Great coverage, feels wonderful, no breakouts, stays on all day with maybe one touch-up.
Thanks to all who came out to our Bike Month Kickoff Event this morning at Civic Center Plaza...a great event! Happy Bike Month 2012!
Okay Ma'am .
Vernon D. is doing DC proud.
Broadcasting in our new drive time slot 4-5pm cst on 990am in New Orleans and www.WGSO.com. tune in as we preview the game of the century!
Is it just me, or does the new Facebook timeline look a lot like the old MySpace page?
Heather are you watching the game
I'm graduating soon and want 2 invest. I have student loans. What is your best advice for a new graduate?
You are so hot.
#AAPL just broke 550, or 10% above its astonishing 500 only a month ago.
Cautionary tale: unless you find ways to structure a big xaaS deal appropriately, a single large customer can hobble a company
did you make poor jeff come help you paint the Tech Room :)
#10ThingsIFindAttractive braces, making me laugh, bieber hair, smelling good, and more:)
OMG! Thats a long day!
All the overly helpful librarians are in one room asking each other "how can I support DH?" No users here to answer...
"dude stop febrrezing the pot" "dude I ripped ass it's fine"
Txt my iPod my phones off
Ever feel like your body and mind are telling you that you need more in your life than what you are currently given? I need adventure, now.
You're welcome, indeed this rollercoaster has a lot of succes :)
least somebody feelin me...lmao yes!!
ad next to child brain injury story is about where to find head injury!
In da works!
Had a great exec meeting for Just wait to see what we have in store for this next semester... so excited!!!
Happy New iPhone Day everyone!
yes! Verizon said so, I'm getting it this weekend!
Nana Adjoa Mensah Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Teacher: "Why are you late?" Student: "I'm late?" Teacher: "You just missed an entire period.." Student: "Are you telling me I'm pregnant?
Retweet if your business has a #CustomerLoyalty program.
The world has been through tremendous problems and upheavals, there is no problem that cannot be solved. Calls for persistence and tenacity.
hmm how are you?
That's an awesome deal! I just started buying whole beef tenderloins and butchering them at home. Excellent value.
New Company PsychiatristSites Launches, Delivering Professional Website Design, Internet Marketing and Free Webinars ...
At press conference to announce naming of 16 yr old, Pittsford native, FREESTYLE AERIALIST JONATHON LILLIS TO U.S. SKI TEAM!
I know I shouldn't complain, but we are now on 6 hours of waiting. Insane!
I am super sick, and gave the seats away... Did nobody show up??
GOP Council of State candidates or their supporters: give me 140 characters on why I should vote for you. No cliches.
Congrats! Can't wait to see you locking down AFC East WRs.
loving that my former students from 2008 EDU519 are tweeting at #tfa20 fantastic! hope you're doing well!
Ed Hocculli is the best at explaining the penelties-what a fuckin lawyer he is
#BestPartOfBeingABelieberIs everything about it is the best part.Thank u for teaching me to dream big,never say never&believe.
I have a small circle of friends...everybody else are just social contacts
I freaking love you. Like seriously . Your the deffinition of perfection.
*deep breathe* Feeling more like home now :)
I'm getting ready for the Jason Wu, Brizo & Architectural Digest event tonight at Industria Superstudios.
RT : If you have a staff, you are someone's boss. They *want* you to be the boss. Embrace it, live up to it. #thatcamp [right ...]
just gave me gres savarin with papaya. Yum!
Damnit, we keep getting hit with grenades... Haha
very true, 1/16 true Capricorn, I see your doing your research
Now that football season is over, baseball hasn't started yet and I hate basketball, all I have left is these guys
#ff to our unBlurred partners, see you tonight on Penn Ave: Shannon Merenstein and
You know.. your face is slightly demonic
RT : With banks short on business loans, consider deferring your debt or restructuring. Biz Debt Relief! 800 403-1021 x401
Money over #bitches two times for the
ok & I sent out an email to ur new email we set up just so u know our addresses :) thanks again for your help
Some are better than others w/r/t addressing research as ongoing & complicated. I encourage recognition of our ignorance.
You couldn't shrink that shirt if you got it? The site says it's 100% cotton. I knew u would like it when I saw it. :) lol
JESUS CHRIST THAT'S ENOUGH ELLEN
Matt Barkley announcing @ 4 PM today whether he intends to stay or go.. If he stays, it could change the entire complexity of the draft
come at me bro
My twifey. I had to divorce her .
May the christians forever endure their persecution / tax exemption / 77% majority in America / 300 year free reign to author all laws
count on me by bruno mars :)
My trifecta for the Ky. Derby: Dullahan to win, followed by I'll Have Another and then Daddy Nose Best.
Can someone explain to me
ha ha I don't playy you feel me..!
im following u xD follow back ? (:
we're so glad to have you!
yes you are >.>
My cat just ran across the house to my dog, tackled her, then ran all the way back in a matter of about 5 seconds. Uh, well okay then.
Thanks, friends! They went well :-)
Ever had the person in ur corner disappear
That's sounds good. Thanks!
Should you listen to your fears, you will die never knowing what a brilliant person you might have been.
Can you give me a hint as to what you will be doing now that your old gig is over?
he was in a farm but still quite a sight
no problem your good to catch up with the girls i watch 10 episodes everday!
I am guessing that you were in the same situation as me for paper 3. This years exams suck!!!
Just noticed and aren't following me. Et tu, Brute?
Who is growing a gnarly beard for No Shave November?
Q:FOR LOVERBOI DO YOU HAVE A GIRLFRIEND? A: If i tell you what difference would it make lol....
Deeze ppl tryin to get over on me can't believe it
Ron McCabe @ McMillan Library talks about lib budget strategy today in Rapids
Oh yes, Happy Irish Day! I dislike St. Patrick personally but I take any opportunity to celebrate my people.
Im Not A Girl , But Not Yett A Woman , ~
nice eyebrows, hoe.
There's a lot of people in this world who spend so much time watching their health that they haven't the time to enjoy it
Roommate and I always battle over the window...20 more days living with this craziness.
STRONG people survive, weak people quit.
Dart doesn't have non local returns because Javascript doesn't, and they compile to javascript where there's no direct Dart support....
that looks so good
Oh that sounds delicious. I haven't had a great pie in awhile.
Cool! GFI! : () the global classroom memento project ... we could have one swing past your office if you like ...
"Forgive and forget soon, pain is only temporary"
what's wrong????
The 2 inch layer of hair spray is from the one and only
have the best time today!
Anheuser-Busch InBev is selling its theme parks, including SeaWorld and Busch Gardens, to private equity firm Blackstone Group
I see myself as sexy. If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing. - Aaliyah
What a fucking day :( don't know how much more stress and aggravation i can take
you're the best, I won't do anything that is too much
#MeFact : I think is lik Gorgeous. :)
Thanks for sharing this, Matthew. Great post!
cool but, I'm not sure if I'll still be up. That's about y bedtime lol
follow me!! please ? please? please? please!? :D
Revolutionary Cleaning Proves Time And Again Why We Are The First Name In Disinfecting Services And Carpet Cleaning In Lauderdale Lakes,
theres also a fine line between clever and cleaver. clever; smart. cleaver; what you cut meat with. just sayin;)
It's official: Facebook files IPO
RT #SEVTALK101 - BACK IN THE DAY I WAS SELLING BEAT CD'S OUT OF THE TRUNK.
I have no idea how I hit the "p"
Wow Memphis. Forreal??? How much are you paying these refs? May have a Tim donaghy again...
"Do not let LinkedIn be a copy of your resume" -- words of wisdom from on #DigiMe panel at
What she said RT : May the Fourth be with you.
yea I agree Aaron is an amazing singer I cried so much when he got voted off idol
pls follow me:D
is amazing, quite relentlessly. :)
selling my paintball gun
Getting to campua on Sunday during Spring Break = impossible. :(
RT Stacy Lazos speaking about 's deep breathing app- teaching kids how to find their "center"
You as well :)
Wow can u say hello massive snow storm buffalo...ah land of the ice and snow...writing
our hitting was non existent and whod u lose to?
awwwe thanks lol: P u have come to the right person!! bring it today and ill bring it home and see what i can do about!?
& , you are both so beautiful inside and out, never forget it xo
He needs to hurry up and call ! <3
so what's on the menu this year? Or your not cooking
come by at 11pm the Jacksons official VMA after party at D'oR! my list at the door! 204 west 55th street between 7 ave & broadway;)
where you at now ?! Ahahaha team Blake !!!!! (: is the best :D
Nice to see my old windy city.
you got that right
Thank you to everyone that came and checked out the opening night of our More Discoveries: Inaugural Exhibition, Part II yesterday! What...
I forgot to mention it was HALF the price of everyone eles!!! again...
indeed. We are discussing current rankings, not playoffs.
i hate change. therefore hate new years. so sue me.
white flood is pretty good took it with the creatine theymake
awww! I want your autograph!!!
What would you like me to post? I work in commercial real estate, passionate about the tech scene, and love Baltimore. So how can I help?
Who has a dehumidifier I can borrow? Commencing Operation Eff You Mold...
wondering if the wandering man plans it or just does it...
P-SQUARE SPEAKS EXCLUSIVELY TO TRACE URBAN | 360Nobs ...
We have overtime!!! (blitz voice)
We are honored to have this man's amazing album in stock. RT : I appreciate the support from Records!!!
will have to plan something for next yr. KC would've been fun w/ you all! & trouble...
indeed sir, it is. Pianos, 7PM. would love to have you there and DEF would love to have you perform next month if possible.
Oh, you say that every Thursday. And Sunday. And Tuesday... And Wednesday........ :)
you cant. we already have a president by default.
Totally possible(:
In my discipline, we call those people "washouts." Seriously, you get eight years, and then you're booted.
Guess he couldn't 'Do the Right Thing...'. Hahaha
aww lol she was just joking. =)
DID U DO THAT CUNTS HOMEWORK?!
About to visit a school with no library. I will be the kids' 1st author. So glad my illustrator will be joining!
I'm enjoying reading this series of blog posts. The only bad thing is now I'm running out of excuses to write my own book.
glad to be out of school :D how about yourself?
Finalizing my updated resume... ugh! But almost done... yay!
Many thanks to and . Enjoyed the ride.
Number game! Dm me numbers
Dear Seattleites with nothing better to-do today than destroy other peoples property - may Karma be with you always
Before you came into my life, I missed you SO bad, I missed you SO bad, I missed you SO SO BAD!!!!!! #SoFollowMeMaybe (:
This #followfriday I recommend my employer , as they've been shamelessly plugging my latest blog post all week.
I guarantee you the Old Miami in #Detroit is nothing like South Beach. In fact, it is the complete opposite!
Check out our Rush Flyer for all of our upcoming Rush Events! The first one is: HABITAT FOR HUMANITY: Sept 12th, 8AM (meet in SU lobby).
The guy is only a year older than his son, what was he thinking?!?!? #SugarshaneMosley still respect ya tho...
lol IA ill think about it;)
dang bro!! Well ima be at grace until 3:30 tomorrow
on the way to work... my job takes up too much of my time
my hair is looking very pffffh today..
GI King Henry available today Lincoln Park and Thursday at their Lakeview store.
ill take an extra look at him during 2nd
See you soon!!
I'll do anything to not be in this house everyday.
It was obvious Kentucky was guna win
SAT, AUG 6!! *GROOVE master class w/ Pat Cruz! Flyer & details to come!
me me me LOL
RT : I don't know what a Severus Snape is. Alan Richman will always be Hans Gruber.
I dont have your number!
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils! ~ Louis Hector Berlioz
my brother just told me it is illegal to 'tweet'.
Holiday Associates... Does that mean I have to dress up as Santa or a bear or. 'Cause I can do that. Greet little kids in a bear costume...
Vinegar Tom tonight, Friday, and Saturday at 7:30 pm and Sunday at 2:00 pm!
sounds good. Let me know when u'd like 2 connect. I've done that w/ and already. It was invaluable!
- thanks for the follow!
okay done
His black ass neck
956k at last break of the day. 16 left. Average 409k
too much rain too fast. my yard is flooded.
the kind that breaks crayons easily...
ok, got it, I can review that part of the rubric with them. I'm a little bit nervous abt the presentation to our administration
Berkshire's NetJets Names Partners in China Joint Venture - Wall Street Journal
"'When you think about it, a lot of things have happened already,' Ennis added. 'That's what history is.'" Link via (2/2)
Thanks for promoting #Gatsby!
I'm off to hear speak about PR measurement at the PRSA Orlando breakfast meeting. So excited! Tired...but excited!
Marvelous Monday HELLO
dinnerr:( i have to miss the rest of austins austream :(
Congrats on the #caps!
First to speak, James Chapman, Attorney, on conditions in Stateville. System is designed for 36,000, now holds between 49,000-50,000
oh sounds good
Alright. Pissed off with Blades. NYC looked cool. You wanna move here now?
Party on malibu road lots of fun
omg ahahhahaha you spelled my name wrong
God is in control!??
I'M SO CONFUSED
When Gods grace is not on it, it's time to move past it.
Good Morning twitter <<-----
so...when are you flying here?
okay? What's school have anything to do with it... Your graduated so what?
DO IT! I need visitors!!!
so i guess it wouldve helped if i wasnt late lol.
Thanks Mitchie B for being such an amazing producer! I can't wait to see this "single" hit next week! You're the best!
You already know
there much better ;D
had a fun night :)
And the cats have not learned their lesson from yesterday.
If you didn't see the wild QPR-Man City #EPL title decider live, it's on ESPN Classic in 5 minutes.
Thanks for checking out our site. Have a great weekend.
Im back Arresting clothing Brands. Who still wearing Ed Hardy.... That brand is over with.
Wish I could take you out for a first day drink but I'm not around tonight! Hopefully later this week or next!
possibly. Who sets the bar on these things?
I think the fun was in the bickering.
fall is the new summer.
RT : I forgot how awesome it feels to bring a friend to church.
dear blog followers, i've not forgotten about you - my internet connection is just not playing nice right now :(
Welcome back from Spring Break! Summer registration starts today.
Why does the start of this press conference sound like the Academy Awards acceptance for Best Picture...
Agree with you Pat "cock eyed" it was. Self serving unions... don't give a #**#/? about Ireland or the 430K+ unemployed.
Where can we find a video of it?
If you haven't seen us, feel free to compare DNS.com for geodns. Direct requests by country, state or city, worldwide. Try our API.
75 Cent Flautas & $2DosXX @ the Goat today! Just a reminder that we will be closing @ 3pm for an employee party. Regular biz hours Monday
Red. No wait, Green! Looks like I FLIP-FLOPPED!
Were you or Chris at #AHCJ12? I wish I had thought to coordinate a meetup!
Mike Napoli confirmed it.
that's awesome news Chris! :-)
Over the past few years, Washington and Pittsburgh have faced off in a tight playoff series and more recently the 2011 Winter Classic
Ryan and I need beer. Headed to that sketchy stretch of the Strip between Paradise and Tropicana.
Free throws, bench, and in New York! RT : TheSportsBros where do you guys think the Heat lost the game tonight?
SOO - Question time :) !! if yall could choose would you like to hear my sing - Pop, Country, Hiphop/R&B or Rock?
I would enjoy televised sports so much more if you could mute the announcers...
They're next. Want us both to be there if Bruce calls Friday (hopefully after Juma'a, 3pm ish). What's your schedule like Fri?
Find couple at the mall holding hands. Run through them yelling "Red Rover!"
Is there anywhere I could buy the types of shirts you had on tour? I didn't get to buy one then and really want to! :)
It'd be a lot cooler if he did. RT : , Does handle your social media now?
yes! I am almost as excited as i would be if you told me MySoCalledLife was coming back & Claire Danes playing Angela in her 30s
When your at the dentist<<
#germantown in #columbus #ohio is so pretty such a nice stroll with after
New phone: Motorola RAZR. Its pretty sexy and only cost $50 because of mother's day promo. Woot woot!
Yeah, I have the droid, it's going to be hard to work the UnGoogle on that one. Sigh.
Shooting with in the studio this evening
RT ": Dear Goldman Sachs, You're fired. Best, Kermit"
Kentucky :/ you?
all please PLEASE:D
I'm good just living day by day
CALL THEM~CREATING LIES ABOUT A CO IS ILLEGAL AND IM SURE THE SEC WOULD LOVE TO READ YOUR THREADS BMSPF
I won't be there either, going to an emergency dentist appointment.
Interview time. I'd appreciate some luck
“: Once you learn how to close your mouth, maybe you can work on those legs..” this applies to my ex roomate!!!
“: #DOGS!! RT : who's coming to the #SpringGame tomorrow at noon?” I got a dogs blanket waiting 4 u this time <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
I hear you play a mean guitar...maybe you can join us on stage at the next show??
Who wants comp tix to Josh Groban tonite ? 1st person to come to Suite 150 @ Rose Quarter & mentions ErinRQ gets a pair of tixs!
Yeah. I was rooting for the hillbillies too.
i don't know why I didn't return your follow sooner... forgot how entertaining you are
thanks for the RT. I appreciate the time, now get dome sleep.
Unoffically skipping class tomorrow. I can't handle these late nights.
I dont wanna spend a day sober I wanna feel numb all over
is the only person tweeting this early. How you doinnnnn(;
Rave in North Hollywood sounds like a good idea
BORDERS rewards exclusive offer, thanks. You beat Amazon.com
Thunder haven't shot well but more concerning is how confused they've looked on offense tonight, especially KD.
Good morning. Hope you all have a great day. :-)
Liverpool all the way
Hey I just met you And this is crazy But here's my number So call me maybe ;)
Noble scores a man-up goal from Matthews. Denver and are tied at seven with 9:20 to go in the third.
Not yet - but we are gearing up to start printing private label stuff! Stay tuned.
No matter where I go I see the same hoe
bow that i have expertly shaped this conversation, what movies are you looking forward to this year, you guys get dif ones in uk?
ok i wrote you back :)
RT- I was it was some cats from the Rich - Man why you always in the Rich? I'll call my chop shop see if its there
New video for 'Payphone'...where's ? lol
A & B workout, my lifestory right now, w/o working arms. 1 slipped disc & 1 rot. cuff issue. But I'm not sitting down.
I love the sun.
no play for mister grey. Unless he picks up a pimped out Rolls Royce, he's re-jected!
In the stands, someone please explain to me why the clock wasn't stopped. Eff that.
lmao im not mad, maybe he is lol :) Im just saying the braids have to GO, LMAO
Hey I'm getting my hair done yay! -elona
Pretty pumped that my Flying Colors issue has been resolved. Looking forward to receiving the CD and poster soon!
Baiyok Thai with Michael & Chase.
I think the same asshole who taught my nightmare class is this semester is teaching my mgmt. class this fall.
RT : Exactly! MT : No one wants to be friends with a building.
yo... we don't talk about Unfinished Business
More than anything, wish I could see the super moon tonight....but there are too many clouds. :-/
It's a 3 game series and the have home field advantage once again.
What makes outsourcing available? Today's rapid changing technology environment and telecommunications infrastructure.
Thank you for the support! We will have trailers and movie quotes on here soon!
starting to think you might want to do an over/under on the Tigers
Congratulations Elizabeth!
Oh, go ahead and laugh *at* me. I deserve it on this one :)
School._. ugh
Follow <3 Please! THEY FOLLOW BACK! So, you gain a follower if you do(; It's a win-win!
RT : #Julia could you please show govt ID when you do everything but vote...
proud of my boy today he was the only worthy one of FCC back in the day.
Morning, folks! What is the ONE thing u plan on getting done today?
Out da house early n da morning just 2 c Avengers:-) Big kid!!!:-) blacfritz signing off FrontLin3
RIP Brotha Creig,Grandma Jean and Bonita,All passed in the same week. Say a prayer them-THANK YOU
nothin coolin how you been love
Very exciting conversation going on Fri with director Julián Zugazagoitia & #anh founder Eric Fischl about American people, politics and art
DJ's starting now for night to remember 18th Anniversary Party!
Off to the pool, beautiful day in the desert!! Gotta get my tan before I head to next week.
Steaks, JRoll, she got U 100 lbs of steak. Did it come from Cali? If so, not steaks. Glad you're going 2 stay a
sounds like a good workout to me. I've tried spinning, elliptical, etc, but it's hard to top running?
Two hours and a half of actual work :3 I''m still not done, though
I don't think so. Closest BSU office bldg is .6 miles - people won't walk that far. They'll walk .25.
hahahaha that sucks
happy national coffee day!! makes me feel a little better about my coffee addiction.
Always a pleasure Leroy! RT : Thanks!
What would happen to my job if I gave people a 'window' meeting time? "I'll meet you sometime between 7:15 and 11:15AM."
well..I do like cheerios. Ps happy Halloween, Tony!!
I'm late but imy to doll Rt : Random memory... Chili's with and was fun...I miss them
WILL U EVER HAVE A CONCERT IN VEGAS?!?!?!?!:)
if I didn't just go for a long elliptical session then I would have
Sexy young couple from audience dancing to post-show "Love Boat" music on Studio Theatre stage. Romantic #indystage show!
Just realized last full week of high school ever
“: It's a Casper kind of night #cryfest” the only lady who cries watching Casper..ladies and gentlemen i give you Rachel Lemire
Finally! Thank you Mr. President
!!! ": That fuck you moment when you start the same sentence like 3 times & that one bitch keeps interrupting you."
goin' to asheville this week. one of my very favorite southern cities!
When people talk about their friends behind their back #ushouldnevertrust them
During the Spring in Tucson, I like to do.....?
Yeah you may be good looking, but you're not a piece of art.
There's this kid at school where whenever I see him I hit on him and act gay, lol he gets so scared c:
Love that!
you should read my paper :-)
I just wanted to say you are my role model. Thank you for teaching me to speak my mind.
Coolest July on record in San Diego in years! Record heat on the East coast. Is anyone happy? Tell me your weather stories!
Always wanted to get into hockey. And now I can proudly say my roommate has made me a Pittsburgh Penguins fan.
omg that's not nice imy
Gordon Lish, Ben Marcus, Gary Lutz. 3-way word salad.
Tuesday = Free Pool & $10 Buckets. Come see us!!
Always a possibility of a "write-in" candidate--up to two weeks b-4 election. Had impact once.
crusty scabs are so itchy and not very pretty
In the lane of unbridled spirit! About to take UK over
There's still time to text EASTTOWN to 35350 for a chance to win an ticket from before the winner is chosen @ 5p. Hurry!
Pauly D uses the word #romantic just like me!
I've never seen that, what's it an ad for? Something political?
The ONLY person I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday!!
thanks! Let us know if you have any suggestions for future versions!
They did it on purpose. They know the Packer faithful are still watching to see who we pick,
WHO STOLE ME XBOX.
wtf is UP !
love you too :)
so surreal!!!
Looking over election results, I realize how much smaller my ballot is because I'm unaffiliated. Grr.
nice. basketball isn't much safer our company had a tournament which ended with a very similar result. Love the twit giveaway!
RT : Tonight's The Walking Dead has spurred conversation and a man tear on my part.
Love the NFL safety evolution commercial. Can anybody say...lawsuit pending?
Thanks for the RT!
Woke up to the alarm going off because someone just tried to break in our house. I need a gun or a man with one!
I am so sorry about the Tornado and horrible weather down there.
Today's BTU inspiration: "Humor is the instinct for taking pain playfully." ~Max Eastman
What exactly does it take to be a pornstar these days?
#FF for all things
The Mariners are playing hardball, hitting again and again! HITTING AGAIN!
Yes she is hahahaha.
I enjoyed it and thought others would too
Thank you. I'm glad that you both like it. I should have another brew ready for sampling in a couple weeks.
Wanna talk about it?
RT : Thanks for the gorgeous #Cincinnati feature in APR issue! Love seeing & so many faves!
iPad 3rd Gen available for pickup :) My Princess is going to love her Birthday present! (the 1st Gen ;)
idk i'll let you know(:
Horrible Bosses is pretty stupid. I would say that though, due to the fact that I do not own a penis.
looking forward to seeing you guys and for some sweet holiday tunes
Thankful Thursday: What is something good you have today that you did not have last year at this time? Be thankful this Thursday!
in vehicle, or on foot?
i need to tlk...holdin shit in done caught up with me
At the Apple store, checking my e-mail & waiting for my shift key to be fixed. Then, back home to grab stuff to leave for
You should; you took it! (And now, love of my life, I will return to my very professional tweet persona.)
are you coming to the show next Saturday???
The new Facebook sucks!! Google plus here I come :))
love you :)
RT : She was so proud of her first egg in the coop she wouldn't stop cackling lol — I miss having chickens!
You are hilarious! Nah..nahnah! LOL I'd rather go by myself.
thats always been my secret pervy fantasy. A Bieber threesome with Juju and Jeremy ;) DEAD!
More pix!!! Awesome!
Lmao, got me ova here crying!!
maybe. Possibly. Yes.
STOP! I want more hahah
I totally love Sherlock! Benedict Cumberbatch is so cool.
On my way to E3 in Los Angeles this week, lookout for RAGE!
WHO YOU HANG AROUND DETERMINES WHO YOU WILL BECOME. ASSOCIATION BRINGS ASSIMILATION... CHECK YOUR INNER CIRCLE!
Oh, no! I just realized is on the same day of the UCL final!! How did that happen? :)
Go Madonna!!!!
Goin to The Haven tonight to see Dropa Stone and Faethm.
I would say someone text me but I only want you to text me.
Can I print out a boarding pass at home b4 my flight? Couldn't do it with another airline recently. Thought it was standard.
Thank you :D
Bout time i move on from this phase in my life...
Why do people keep bringing in their Christmas candy? And why do I keep eating it? Oh, because I can't resist petit fours.
Don't give up! I feel the same way, but I'm trying to hang in there.
This is the first thing that has actually bothered me enough that I post something about it-_-.
I know what you meant! :D
I need to start proof reading my tweets before I tweet them
God loves yawl tho
Moving Sale Office Furniture us at 317-917-3266 or inbox me for pics or come by our office at 4755 Kingsway Drive ~ Indianapolis
yes we do were you in a car accident?
are you free tomorrow night? John's brother Simon is launching his new fantastic album! 8:00 @ crane lane- you must come!
So this means he's 'raw'? RT : he gt flow
Boarded Bronx for the weekend. Totally felt like a parent watching their kid go to school for the first time. He did NOT want to go. So sad.
It's not even october yet, and we're already buying Christmas decorations. We're sad, sad people.
Laying in bed eating a bagel lol
Being flexible > :) LOL
You have to choose your family. We choose you.
Went to Reno and lost a small amount of money. The weather was great but the car ride thru the Sierras was terrific on a sunny Fall day.
yeah pretty bad especially how he ended it
I mean if you can save "now" in a tangible way, by all means do tell me, otws spare the cliche as you've pointed out
Limping along with a mostly broken computer. Wish I could do more this week. Thanks to all who help!#StopRush #WarOn Women
I LOVE YOU
Hammerstep and Deoro tearing in up in the studio all this week! Exhausted but excited for tomorrows Showcase for #APAP in NYC
good look fam. Y'all txt me next time. N ill def be online. Good look again
#musicmonday DO IT!!
For real? Sweet! You live in Portland right?
There is no truth to the rumor that Chase has eliminated Grey Poupon; you just have to ask for it & pinky swear you're against regulators
was this channeled?
lol sorry, I meant hate
support. :) Show must go on! The Best Show on the Radio !!!
Pitbull, please speak english. i cant understand you in spanish.
woo hoo- more of that 24 hour church!! :))
YES! :-) RT You are WAY more than good enough, you are born of stars, you are made of LOVE! <3
He probably won't get it. RT And his mama cried... RT : <-- lives in the ghetto.
- Hell ya! U feeling better? I miss u like crazy!
The Books To Movies series returns to Gibson Lib today at 1:30! We will be showing movies based on memoirs. Call564-9261 for title info.
Just text me (:
Wait....I was just kidding
Happy Birthday boo!
...glad you enjoyed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
unfortunately, no..not at this time. Interns are most welcome!
I know frog when I see it!
wish I could bw on ABDC Someone take me there someone omg iconic boyz and 8flavahz! Well atleast they said that they are not dating!!
Thee Trends are not good RIGHT NOW . Hopefully that changes !
V100 studio... listening to the same thing! :-)
How many seniors are actually renting at the Seagull June 1st - 3rd? Too bad I'm so down (y) RT this
Hey I will cuss straight out I just don't feel like doing it. And it was dark outside. THERE WAS A PEDO WALKING!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
follow back
The new #COD black ops 2 trailer is alittle intense
this one is super hard!!!! #KissKillMarry Princeton, Roc, and Ray!!! *gasp*
Iam what the theropists say...a ticking time bomb.
#WIDairy press conference with the #Wisconsin Governor set to begin.
F Chris Paul in the pick and roll. There's 24 seconds left. I'm sure that will play a massive role.
Nice 1. RT : I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue represent freedom until they are flashing behind you. <U+E152>
If I had the money/time, I would buy people fans on days like today. Sf 75.
Time to enjoy this beautiful weather in LA.... Get out the house and walk the dog..let's go!!!
hey! i packed a box!...i think i deserve a break
Last day in the Kearny Mesa office. We barely knew ye.
That Ron breezy kid ...or whatever he calls himself!!
About to put in some work at Boone park
That, or my only clean cup in the house
Peter Gelb should be arrested for crimes against opera.
come see me next week after i get paid.
ME :D
Well, you do say it's "sometimes maddeningly ignorant." So maybe it's like a love letter from a husband of 50 yrs? ;)
i miss you chad cant wait to see you tonight !!!
Holy crap ahhahaha. Freedom Makes You Beautiful, One Freedom, and More Than Freedom.
never hate on a independent artist cause u dont know there struggle
Had to be real.
talking with publicists this week. are you one? want to talk? please contact david
Tracy, did you see yourself on my postcard?
The Mets Series in late June. And going for 3 games in Arizona and after that to Vegas.
Just cataloged a book entitled "Death in Early America" by Margaret M. Coffin!
Difference between school & life: In school, youre taught a lesson then given a test. In life, youre given a test that teaches you a lesson.
RT : If I owned a Starbucks I wouldn't hire black ppl. If I owned a soul food restaurant I wouldn't hire white ppl.
Umm... Don't do that! It's a man! Lol
Shoutout to Allie M. from Delaware.
Congrats! RT : Thanks for a clear head and the ability to touch my toes once more.
seeing grow into the man he is now brings a tear to my eye. He's finally experienced the world.
Trust in the LORD with all your heart and LEAN not on your own understanding -Proverbs 3:5
How absurd are you? "Only those who attempt the absurd...will achieve the impossible." - M.C. Escher
Thank u 2 all my family and friends 4 showing me love on my born day. I may not always be right, but my HEART is always in the right place!
Already trying to plan out what I'm going to eat for lunch based on the other stuff I want to do today
if you got players recruithighschool.com free to post highlight tapes and photos make profile or put your blog link
send the haters all my love, X and O.
I thought this was gonna be a tweet about ice cream
Troops assembled final instructions given assignment completion in sight
If you were talking about San Antonio, or if Dallas was playing like champions, you might have an argument.
those uys are just jealous! it pisses me off!
Watching Martin lol
wit what shit
#duh that's why I tweeted it!
Patience & Perseverance
RT : RT : #Bank of America to #Mortgage #Originators on #Buyback Claims: “Heads I Win, Tails I Still Win”...
Twitter addiction revisited :(
I might do wrestling next year! Who knows?
I feel your pain!
Cream soda AND Cadbury Mini Eggs? Best night ever.
Incidentally, know anyone else who's interested? If so, I could ask about putting together a class at some time.
I'm a songwriter & my publisher sent a song I wrote called SPECIAL CHILDREN 2 ur company, I also sent it 2 Susie,have u heard it yet
HAHA. life's extremely confusing for me as well!! we should Skype this weekend about life.. haha
Weave Alert! Weave Aint All That. It looks Nice But That Shit Is A Killa it itches to much. But pick the right color wit yo skin tone.
Waiting to get off of work to go home and see my two favorite people. I am truly blessed and thank God for everything he has given me.
ugh tell me about it. I don't even want to move today.
y'all follow my homie He is a dope artist!!!
My children sang all the way to school this morning. A better mom would have enjoyed it. I did not.
We out hea in Louisiana pushing so get yo copy of Mr.Mysta "Verbal Finesse Vol 1"!!!
Thanks. I'm trying to grow the likes with an absolute zero budget.
new post coming later today, thanks to a follower for the tip!
Going for a run
Nothing says "Christmas" like 88% humidity.
Mourjan Marinas IGY partners with Four Seasons Hotel Doha in Qatar
I like icecream too :(
I know. But still fun to watch.
": “: do you really wanna see a pats Denver game? #mizztown" Pats are gonna beat either them then lose to Texans
blame federal regulations on interchange income. :/ Banks will all be switching to this soon.
#NowFollowing he is handsome ;)
How about being materially grateful, and protecting vets from predatory lending and for-profit colleges?
Someone stop that horse!--new page update today! @ www.rocketrobinson.com
Chilling at a bbq and I look up on the tv screen and guess what's on #Boomerang the part where Martin has on the #NewHeritage sweat suit
Project X
Detroit will be roaring when the Red Wings are scoring #RyhmeTime RT : Today will be boring, unless there is a bull goring.
Earthquake in northern Anne Arundel County
that's too hot! 78 will be delightful. I don't care if it's 20 as long as youins make it up here ASAP
I dont know. It's pretty stupid. I dont want to tarnish my rep as a paid joke teller.
I feel infatuation.
Pft this early &im already ina really bad mood!
HEY ARE YOU COME ON TINYCHAT TO COME ON PLEASE
Happy Mothers Day to the coolest moms on twitter.
well, it could have been Mono maybe :)
Didn't c that one coming
Q1 = vegetarian stint
Beautiful weather today - Cloudy with a Chance ....Cute movie too! The Munchkings highly recommend it.
Is that in a tutorial?
#favmoviequote VOTE FOR PEDRO
How to be poised. Get brilliant. Feel positive. Feel lively. Can you be a City Promoter. Start Free..
Starting Lois Lowry's The Giver with my 7th graders on Tuesday--lots of great discussion opportunities.
Geoff Lewis is giving some love at Switchfly for getting Top Guest off the ground. AngelList is gonna change the world!
please follow me & AliciaD23, I'm getting ready to launch this new product and would love your suggestions.
You better! And bring Kris! :)
One decision may be a deciding factor on the rest of your life. Done with it forever.
1 more week of school ..where did the year go?
great movie!
I'm right here.
follow She's good people and a HUGE FIU football fan!
Following up, making calls - doing the do.
Thank you as well for keeping homeless vets off the streets.
Holy tits
lmfao shit, I didn't even know guys blushed anymore. But hey, it feels nice to make a cutie like you blush for a second ;) lol
Thank you so much for the beautiful message!!!!! I so appreciate it!
Simple way to support Texas Parks and Wildlife: donate $ when you register your vehicle.
I didn't know it was listed. I'll have to look for it. Thanks for the heads up.
We're testing HDMI cables for performance and pricing. That's right, pretty soon we'll shed some light on some good information.
no!!! I had NO IDEA!
My office has 23 employees. Mostly event planners who are great at efficiency. Yet, same Jimmy John's guy has delivered 3 times today.
...it's always r pleasure!!
JazzWord: "It bugs me when people try to analyze jazz as an intellectual theorem. It's not. It's feeling"~Bill Evans. 'NufSed.
have some Bojangles for me!!
Be careful with your words. Once they're said, they can only be forgiven not forgotten.
75 days until graduation!
suck my cokiness lick my persuassion!!!!!!!
Beauty will save the world!
Both are lame -- but even worse are people who pronounce "nuclear" as "nookyalur."
ON SOME REAL REAL.. WHITE LIES ARE STILL LIES U HEAR THAT WOMEN?!
Let's sweep the series today.
Harry reid should be recalled and not scott walker ladies and gentlemen - thompson
Sounds like a nice Saturday to me. RT : Drinking. Writing about UFOs, spirits, beasts and miracles.
h/t for the tip on this #mw2011 paper on citizen science/history. great follow on themes from
game time tomorrow, lets get it UD
": says... "what do all the hookers do when it rains?" I think they take the night off..." LOLz
My hair is starting to get wavy udshzxmszsxn i wanna curl it like Black Widow in Iron Man 2 since it's long now
Haven't actually watched it, but from the screenshots it looks like Santorum's new ad look like it involves a foamy brown substance…
Mars Attacks
glad to be connected on Twitter!
Excellent! And naturally, I replied to yr tweet before I read the post in full. The way of Twitter. :-)
ib does nothing but upset my tummy and nothing for my migraines. I have a pill box like a 85 yr old for migraines.
bounce bounce
Last chance to see 'North by Northwest' by the great Hitchcock today at 3pm.
Want to put a little dazzle in your summer dining? Try our delicious Pear Salad or Turkey-Chutney Burger in
cannot wait for tomorrow and for you to finally be the Redskins starting QB
So moved by everything! Dustin your our hero, and will never be forgotten!Thank you for fighting for us!#RIPDustinGross #WelcomeHome <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8>
Dance, dance, otherwise we are lost.
Jen from San Diego here. Ditched the corp/agency life 8 years ago. Hope everyone's having a great week.
Gorgeous! Where are you guys?
I might just workout tonight.. Hm
my first tweet was referencing your personal site. Great program you have We would apply if we were closer!
lmao shut up xD I can even open up my mouth all the way :c I can't lay down to sleep either ._. I have to sleep sitting up.
Stuck in Denver one more time. Thanks United.
This year we are walking for fetal stroke and children's hunger. Half way on 107 mile journey.
hey I'm in Zimmerman and the service sucks down here. so tweet me when you find out
But...but...but...IT CAN'T BE OVER.
your twitter background? i volunteer as tribute!
....In the world ye shall have tribulation: but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world. John 16:33
Starting to get geared up for the Sept. 17th show with HuDost!!!
why cant it smell like roses?
sounds cool!
it's easy. Just enter #meded once and sign into Twitter at top of Tweetchat page at 9 pm Thurs & fasten seatbelt
Free general-admission tickets for children 12 and younger when accompanied by a paid adult at the Summit Racing NHRA Southern Nationals
not sure on end time..... like 11 i'd say?! we're headlining the live music bit but if u wanna stay on and pardee theres djs after
I do what I want
HEY BABES!! :D
Hope it went well and you have a beautiful room!
This team has soul.
Tacky, but not surprising. America has been making a buck on disaster for a decade with those magnet ribbons on cars. And FLAGS!
Didn't sleep AT ALL last night. I was very busy trying to keep all the planets aligned. Someone has to.
The wisdom of the wise and the experience of ages may be preserved by quotation.— Benjamin Disraeli
Woo hooo, we got another grant for the project!
Life is an adventure in forgiveness
drinks in the air like i dont give a fuuck.
We will be closed Sunday Dec 18, Mon Dec 19 for dinner, Wed Dec 21 for dinner. Sat/Sun Dec 24-25
Thanks Stacy! How's Tahoe?
Right. I remember your Facebook catastrophe. (I tell the story occasionally, too.) Links I have to follow...
Such great times tonight with new friends @ #grizzel&mann
Hi Jessica! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback!
My teacher told me in the future when I'm married...never to tell another women my business.
Follow to find out more about their future involvement with ! And what has to say about them!
Someone will always be prettier. Someone will always be smarter. Someone will always be younger. But they will never be you... :-}
hope you're coming over... You're on my list of folks to say howdy to!
And it was worth it, right? :-)
If you're headed to see the take on the , look for Red Trolley and Tower 10 IPA on tap.
12 hour shift, killer happy hour, headed home
I wonder how long til someone beats our galage score at #drupalcon ?
Word of the week: Peshat- the literal, obvious meaning scholars give to a Jewish text...in contrast to derash, the symbolic interpretation.
happens to me all the time.
When a waitress asks if I<U+FFFD>d like to hear about the specials, I politely explain that talking about retarded people ruins my appetite
Let's get #HousingForAll trending in DC! RT, mention, repeat
the pics really shows his happiness! great job!
Well, now we're Falked “: Falk announces she will run against Walker in recall race"
working on a friday night. can't imagine being anywhere else but here .
So nobody is willing to stay in the hot tub steam room and sauna with me they say its to hot What?
#Cubs Kerry Wood retiring :( Sad day for Chicago and MLB in general. A class act. We'll always love you Woody! <3
Come on ; lets get MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE trending <U+2665>
PBR is default
City wat the Hell!!
“: Attention Blackhawk and Sabre fans. Would you do a Ryan Miller for Patrick Kane trade?” YES, BLACKHAWKS WON'T THOUGH
The best I'll be for now is amazing for a minute.
mobile app twit-pitch, good idea...where'd you get it?
You know: Not even entirely reasonable. Just *more* reasonable.
RT: : I am thinking about changing my twitter name suggestions please
Any chance you were able to whip up a draco vuvuzela graphic? I will shower you with extra stickers come november! :)
., , & to hold press stakeout at Noon at Will Rogers s/o on #STOCK Act
That awkward moment when I text saying I love you and she asks if it was meant for John gallo.
We need Roy Schneider and a great white shark on the freeway, pronto.
#mostinappropriatethingssaid2me you seem like the kind of girl that would like to watch another man take it from behind
Im finna take off this dress..
Just had a class on the importance of social media in social work, trying to figure out Twitter....
Im on bidness .
The only set back is the distance Abby, it doesn't matter that you're a girl :)
right on!
I shall call him Squishy, and he shall be mine.
I start POSITIVE, I end POSITIVE.
Twitter is dead right now /:
don't think I've hydrated enough for my run tonight...this bottle of root beer should help
#FF Style resources that rock -
Anthony do I detect a man crush?
yes there will be video from
Just ran into another friend haven't seen in a while at the bus stop on Minnesota and Pennsylvania. Ave S
lmaoo bitch ill be coming home after you!! i can cook :-\
kelsey and sarah are my favorite laxers!
Set your DVRs! Western New York Heritage will be on Channel 4's By The People tomorrow morning at 6 AM. Not to be missed!
aha aw thank u!
I'm beyond confused. You two have fun.
Shout out to 1996 and Laura Linney in Primal Fear. Look into it again if you had forgotten
How are you? We look forward to working with you ?
#Great #PatioDate/Inventory night #NoStorms #incentives galore ...#WildHair organizing fury!!
It takes 2 to f.ck ... So instead of checking the other chick you really needa be checking the nigga
Perfect Day for Banana Daiquiri
#Pandora on shake ! Finally -_-
Tip of the day: you dont ever have to go to the doctors if you eat one apple a day.
well said John!!!!
Those were the days.
Watching Little Giants.
what's the next closest venue? Indy? We usually only get 2 but were making it our vacation this year.
Sushi Toro. | Champagne Chronicles
I know what you mean, probably not happening soon though :/
Every girl needs a good guy to help her laugh when she thinks she'll never smile again.
90%: That is the percentage of doctor<U+75F4> visits that may be attributable to stress, according to the American Institute of Stress.
if you love him ALOT you need to do what your heart tells you to do
thanks Dallas! It's all because you taught me the power of the press release!
the person u wrote that song for!
I ment putting in some work Haha
- stop on by. we look forward to seeing you there.
As Life Goes On You Learn More And More ..
The Real War on Women takes place daily on the unborn girls who are killed in the womb which should be the safest place on the planet
At Childbirth class-I learned-Although I'm invited 2 labor,wife'll curse , &make convincing argument fordivorce,but odds of divorce r low
it is! You should hear yourself! And omg! When you say coffee!!! :D so cute!
We are entering a post-Earth centered future. The new art will reflect this. The manifesto is coming!
Yo save your acapella and send it to me with the beat seperately
i dont send out follow fridays - i really go follow new ppl - all new ppl im following now
Drive was really tight. Maybe the best movie since Steel Magnolias.
a little while yet...what time can you make it?
I cant find your profile but rt rt
Emma Stone.... too funny!
thanks for following Troy :)
You can do it!
Watching a loved one suffer is the hardest and most painful thing on your heart ... Dad stay strong and I love you
Here I tweet, broken hearted- went Yo the bar and didn't get carded.. Happy birthday to me ......
And a 3-1 finish to the game continues Prep's slump. Friday's game against Bishop Eustice is a must win for the Marauders
My man shows me he loves me everyday so Valentines day will be just another day for me.
thank you! your tweet literally just made me LOL, and I think Bill would pick Elena for sure!
would like to discuss how symbaloo as one of the 7 fantastic social media tools can help PLE development in Sidney.
great advice!
I swear its like u gotta find a Gf from outta town..Smh
": I hope everything is okay" hey love yeah good as they going to get
Warm summer nights. Enjoy them on our Wednesday night league. Registration ends in 1 week. Doooit.
to me, it looks like a great arena, do you see why Deron hates it so much?
Homes like this are why I got into Architecture... Inspiring! “: Hunter House is very cool!”
Hey there. Did you get my email?
good night twitter (: x
My dad bought all the chucky movies (:
well you're a daisy if ya' do.
lmaoo mann up
Yes, finishing heart-shaped ravioli w/truffles & wine. Hugs to you both.
Its hella hot /: gonna go swimmin .
R Studio has recovered all of my data (200GB) which was in broken hdd, it's the hero!!
RT : SO excited about music fest this weekend!
yes! The complete experience!
go home! Haha!
EVENT PLANNER MEET-UP Coming your way Soon! Stay tuned!
Been up for too damn long. My boyfriend needs to get here so I can sleep. This is totes cuddling weather.
I'm getting to spend the whole morning with my favorite little man! I love being off today!
that's on my list too :)
aight bet. we finishing that mixtape next week. so have that shiddd ready
sister!! I miss you!! Will I see you in June?!
is getting excited to load the wife and kid into the family truckster and head to Wally World!
Dear acne commercial, no one splashes their face like that... Sincerely, I'M ALL WET!
#followmedylan Please FOLLOW me DYLAN it WOULD mean SO much!
what do you have in mind? Direct message me or email me. Let's talk some business.
that's a rock solid poster, tmsk!
Love Life Live Strong!!!!
“: - You were right! Monday's story was even better! Thanks and the #KGWNightTeam.” you're welcome Sean
GOOD LUCK AUSTIN 9JIWOFJWE3RRRR
do you dream of Tebow at night? Get off his Dick you are worse than a groupie
So cool! I married into the last name & was always told that Kotlarz is common in Polish and means boilermaker.
can I drop off at the Waukesha blain's?
Like Zeus/ im bout to #zap you wit the fire.
oh.. Totally.. Umm, I knew that! Cats all the way!
It's always a bonus when you find fries at the bottom of the bag, but you hit the jackpot when you find a chicken nugget down there.
Happy Fathers Day Everyone !!!!
Beautiful day in Scottsdale to kickoff the CO-OP Think 2010 Conference!
I'll pretend you're in North Korea - “: Excited to watch 30 Rock Live show tonight. Writers and cast skillz on full display.”
Let's goo lol
Is it too late to start tomato plants from seeds? I have a packet and feel the need to smell wet dirt.
love the Pink Grapefruit Perrier. So refreshing so Miami!
So great being back in the studio. Hearing all the Spring Break stories was my favorite part.
I met a guy who when I talk to him all I think abt is #zoolander ....lmao!!!
Thank you and Tim Gunn for giving us a fantastic #oscars Red Carpet broadcast!
We consider several cities. We will get to you!
TUFF LUV @ Jet Lounge tonight (1515 Pease)... 18+, no cover, vinyl giveaway (DJs are our friends Kid A & Rezerekt)
officially done with classes till the fall – wondering what to do this summer hm -
": I like being high cause it's a better view" more enjoyable parties
Contagion Look Decent Doe.. Ima Try & See It
Had an awesome night at the dance!
Just recorded new hit song "Conceidit"...need feed back
man u must be a victim! Cuz u gotta guilty conscience!
As she's a 200-year-old amnesiac Martian cyborg bounty hunter, her body is super plastic and changeable.
what are you doing tomorrow
Posted Out Creek!
Follow us! We follow back!
I'm going to be alone forever F M L
My mom didn't like the dress. I WANT TO CRY.
whip it [;
there will definitely be partying involved. #cakeparty!! and chocolate chip pancakes too :) x
I can't wait till opens this 24 hour indoor basketball court !! Lol
hate when people feel like they can talk to u any kind of way & then turn around & need u...
what do you bet that Randy Moss is thinking "and u guys thought I was messed up in the head."
are you still providing pet waste removal services in Indy?
The Personal Essay Writing Workshop was a success! We had a great turn out, received insightful tips and participated in writing exercises!
just come to AU
I will make sure to. Very excited! Xx
YES 1 hour on my trampoline listening to on repeat they're just to good <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
And u 2 girls knows which "body" I am speaking of!! Can u complete that order? I will share!! lol ;D
Never Put Your Trust Into A Human Being, You Setting Yourself Up For Failure.
Recording some new shit for my cd
Pet Peeve of the Day: Don't involve me in your conversations. Don't throw in my name & expect me to answer right away
I can't decide if I like Julie Andrews.
Today is International Literacy Day. Help spread the word about the importance of literacy.
Kidnapping Cristina one day and keeping her in my closet ;-)))))
Not sure how publicly funded elections, absent controls on corporate election spending, helps anything. We need both.
no. fuck. maybe or or remember some lyrics? help, guys!
oh! Me encanta anything in Spanglish!
We must understand how the system works before we can take it apart and destroy it. Corruption in politics is way worse then you imagine!
"We're all no one 'til someone thinks that we're someone."
It is!! Also, I'm learning to knit! Nothing fancy so far, but now my dish cloths don't end up with holes in them!
she can do it with extern alias fyi
I say get the Macnook... rock solid computer
Make no mistake, my friend, it takes more than money to make men rich. ~A. P. Gouthey
I hate when someone u care about ignore u and pretend they hate you even tho u know they love you and there beig mad over a small ass thing
One and the same, my friend!
Could you please please please please please please please please please please please please please follow me,or RT this..Please
XD your welcome.
-good girls got to get down with these gangsta .
watching cnbc documentaries is my new favorite hobby
Ben Greenfield: 10 Ways to Keep Your Workouts Exciting
aI take sheet we take a sheet you all take a sheet.
pool time at hotelooo! ... again :D
ok mines 5405894050
Thank you for the RT!
may i ask what you're working on? just curious. hope all is well and good luck with the filming!
#Trading your car in to our dealer is usually the most convenient way to go.Get the value for your #UsedCars and Free Price Quotes!
just saw your 'this is a mans world' performance. Straight hypnotizing every time you're up there. It's crazy.
Not long AIS or BPAX? Do some D&D!
I like how my Starbucks drink got more likes than a picture of myself on instagram :-/ <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
It is a Monumental Monday! Use the discount code tweet to save on your entry fee. Sign up at www.monumentalmarathon.com
RT : BREAKING: American official says Osama bin Laden was killed in a mansion close to the Pakistani capital.
I never saw the original but Titanic 2 was the biggest
Power of CATALOGING: Use the data we have to make our systems meet user needs, instead of the other way around.
Steve Abram concerned that he doesn't see librarians speaking out against advertising and commodification of humans online.
Thanks for spreading the news about Jennifer's post Destry!
You really don't have to be a Genius...u just need some special, but common, sense
just watched the pilot of "game of thrones." you have my attention.
yes, the prix fixe was enticing but i'm picky about my beer.
just started tech school bro Wbu?
Hey, TV, guess what?! Frak movies. You're the best written stuff out there.
Mom's Day quick power list ideas: Acacia, Ritz-Carlton, Hacienda del Sol, Congress Hotel, Maynard's Market, Mother's Day Fiesta-Reid Zoo
What an amazing evening & incredible organization. Thank you #Prism awards.
great minds.... Hope all is well in your world!
ur Tweets R so boring, gotta drop u immediately !
I'm not saying that we should rely on publishers. I'm saying that we need to create tools to curate our own metadata.
Any hiking groups in #bozeman #montana?
Budget projections for dessert tonight, lol
#playoff this is like a practice round for the Masters for Phil!
Simon & Garfunkel, Better Than Ezra, Treme Brass Band (!!!), great local artists and a lot of time in gospel tent
Hey mama, I wanna scream so loud for you, cause I'm so proud of you! #NP Kanye West - Hey Mama on . Love you mom!
Planning for the last 8 yrs. I feel very strange. Hard to believe I won't be a cop anymore and still have a homicide case going.
s/o to all the mommys!
ollie's new friend should arrive in 5-10 business days!
Baseball players >>>> <3
Watching "him" play COD ..... I really don't know how he does it
Oh I know about it. Frankly the BSU folks were so rude to me, I opted not to spend my $ going.
Love is life. And if you miss love, you miss life.
A coworker I NEVER talk to thought it would be ok to call out of nowhere and tell me about her sexual escapades she has planned for tonight.
RT : If you're coming to tomorrow at , show up early. I'm the first presenter at 7pm....
yeah right, as if that hasn't happened to you before!
Holy fuck! Why the hell did Hurdle call for a bunt there??
can't wait for your visit!!!
lol I have a pic of her rubbing her face with her hands as she moans. Have you seen it? X)
Just In Case You Didnt Know... Yes That Last Tweet Was Sarcastic p:
did you hear about Heavy-D
why did they kick out thia?
We bring #personalized #tutoring and academic coaching right to your home. Atlanta Tutoring
ha why ?
NOW“: When will return to twitter man :-(”
If I Die Tomorrow is trending. o:
Idk he only said he's half Italian Like that's any help -_-
The best part is they may still go with Davey winning & further agitate people who paid for this instead of switching it.
Check out the Roundtable today as I was a guest with Our host was
do any Pop/R&B artists sing live anymore though as of bout 20yrs ago or longer? news said b4 Beyonce lip syncs even
Should "homework" be reconceptualized 4 global era? Who OWNS the challenge & solution of homework?
ikr, really excited to get it, cinematography in that film was amazing, looking forward to the special features
please tweet me or follow me.
Haha :) Tweet me on my personal Twitter? and you can tweet Ciara too if you'd like
isn't it ironic..we ignore those who adore us and adore those who ignore us,hurt those who love us and love those who hurt us??
Red lights mean stop...why is that so hard to understand?
i guess she didn't lolol
Thanks! It was a great conference. I hope to come back to Chicago soon- when are you coming back to Texas?
hm.... who gonna b my valentine this year???
Association to hold boat race on May 1
I do my best!! ;) RT : no thank you for not changing on me even after success
You #FordSocial have made my day, YEAR! & Ford is DUE for a top Super Bowl Slot this next year! & so am I oh LOL!
I suspect the Pulitzer Board really wanted to give it to David Foster Wallace, but the Pale King just isn't finished enough. So no award.
The real moment of success is not the moment apparent to the crowd. george Bernard Shaw
All by meowself
We had a great JJO concert last night! Wonderful tribute to Gerry Mulligan with special guest Gary Smulyan!
He left the room and came back in marching clothes--they knew his decision
lol cool story bro...tell it again:)))
Is it in poor taste to be playing "Cyclone" during all of these weather warnings? Too late!
Meetings... Meetings... Meetings... All about call to action buttons, ROI and analytics... Topics all ad platforms should be talking about.
finally saw a hashtag I like
Thanks for the follow! Sounds like a nice site- check out mine,too. suzanne.snckhealthy.com
Univ Mich study shows reg oral care can lower diabetes-related medical care costs more than 10% per year. BCBS Medical News. www.closys.com
beal... More well-rounded player. Tough as nails
You gotta spend money to make money .
So far, yes :This draft is kind of like the Oscars, you kind of know what's going to happen ...
I can't wait to go to sleep. Fucking graveyard
in the morning - Greyhound
No: but it extends the library's reach to where the people are, rather than expecting them to come to us.
My dog parkored his was onto a chair in our house. Wow.
People in LA are so creative that they drive outside the lines.
this bitch is sleeping -__-
you're Danzig to me. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0080>
do you guys ever actually like Abby? She is CrAzY!!
Movie recommendation is Jonah Hill in "Superbad"
It read: "'I never cared much for balls,' I said dryly." And I read it with no trace of irony.
Haha I dont think they're going to want to! -_-
I like Alex and the 49ers, but Giants looked very impressive RT : who are you picking next week?
When I say Chris Paul has the ball on a string.....I mean its like literally a string bruh.
Once Again The Deadline To Send In The Pictures Are Till Next Sunday! :) Xx
Too bad the Doctor doesn't seem to like her all that much most of the time... Kinda like Martha in the new episodes.
I don't try to be perfect .
aw were so cutsieee
Watching passengers try to concoct unimaginable words
srsly, you have a problem. how bout them knicks?
2days topic?? Do u think the movie think like a man is really how us guys play the game let me know wt sup
Wish I could have made it tonight but had to attend my Communicating Networks and Managing Information class.
I do, however, have a problem with the disjointed philosophy Mills possesses. Wandy had been fantastic and you pull him???
Won my indoor game and had a good practice with the saints ...very active night!
Agreed (again, says the Steelers fan)
The officiating was so bad I couldn't watch the 2nd half. And it's the only women's game I've watched all year. It was a joke.
Led Zepplin or Pink Floyd?
#mythoughtsatschool , im hungry.
eating 400 less daily cals of unhealthy food gives a 2 1/2 times higher risk of ab obesity than eating big portions of healthy food
Sexy boy ;)
Wow somebody help this man
Yes, the title belt makes you less of a failure, Mr. Storm. Nevermind the fact that you look like Buckle from
Haha Just saw snoops dogs 4/20 playlist Advertised on youtube.
can we be best friends
PLEASE send me a text with your names!! I've lost ALL my contacts and I need friends!!
Dying on April fools would suck. Who's going to believe it?
RT #ChillOrlando to FREE win tickets to this Saturday at Lake Eola Park!
Getting acne on my lobes. < <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Tori's phone is now black? since when?!
for fancy, Virago. For middle price, Ken's. For cheap, tasty and surly (for newcomers) Sam's on Printer's Alley downtown.
I just realized...I'm a Mother Fucker...well, there ya go.
why not hart at first aoki in right... Ishikawa sucks!
Just finished the whole #HungerGames trilogy...
That's why i didn't answer aha. I won't tell but all right, sounds good ;o
Luther, Rick & Tina, Gerald, Michael, Whitney, Donna...Heaven must be booking one heck of a concert # peacefulrest
LIKE THIS
I beez in the trap.
needs A refill of his medication.don't think that was accidental.He knows very wellthere was a human being next to him LOL
I got a good feeling about the team this year. Y'all remind me of the 99-00' Magic team. First year of coach Doc Rivers when he coached.
iCloud explained: Things to consider before embracing the cloud
I dont care...
I have been blessed with another day of life surrounded by people who love me! :)
I can't WAIT to go to Florida again this August !<3
Can I comb it? :O
I know I only see my cousin once a year, if that. But I really hope she's okay.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
TY for the shout outs!
i wonder if had something to do with this.... did u get Zacked aka punk'ed ? hahah
High way bound yay
I can just walk places and drink in my back yard :-)
. knows what's up!
Celebration of the Chinese New Year at #Chows this evening!
yea I was scared to go short now I want shorter lol
:) Lol! How'd your interview go? I sort of went blank on some questions, but yes! We definitely got through it:D You're so very
Shout out to the women handlin business in life!
Discovered a great Vietnamese restaurant...little hole in the wall filled with deliciousness! Saigon Far East on San Pedro and Kathryn.
So do you. Welcome back to the tweeter!
Time for bed followers. But a quick tip before I go. Networking: The key to being a successful event planner is knowing people
Esperanza is doin wristbands saturday night to? Bet. (;
merry christmas carlos i hope u read this and answer or RT me pleaasee !! :(
Having a lazy Sunday, Pondering watching movie Twilight. Only due to all the hype. Know nothing about it. Anyone seen it? worth it?
“ Dumb Niggas Hustle For Hoes <U+E253><U+E423><U+E429> Young Niggas Hustle For Clothes <U+E302><U+E006><U+E007> Real Niggas Hustle For Goals <U+E11E><U+E425><U+E035><U+E42E><U+E51A>””
Surf Lake Erie
First day as the flow team lead. Can't wait to see who all that are going to attempt to challenge me.
I merely brought it up twice because it's hilarious to me. You're a Level 1 Troll. I'm a pro.
We are looking to outfit your league, organization, or team for 20 to 30% less then what you pay now!!! Any takers?
RT I've got the next dance is playing on Sirius radio -love this song Thank you so much Lori! Appreciated!
Man Riding Bike from Poland to Pensacola in Memory of Wife
Sure, done!
what's up friend :)
Bethel A.M.E. is jumping for #easter! Handful of beautiful hats!! Gold, green, yellow. Mostly worn by older women, is this tradition dying?
#koldnature clothing line is absolutely terrible
Beth's Maroon 5 Pack should arrive this week! I won the prize package but in october.The maroon 5 prize. I never recieved it
if i was a lot gayer my cover photo on facebook would be a picture for the EW photo spread with Magic Mike cast
ALL NATURAL WEIGHT LOSS. That's what I'm talkin' about!!! No more diet pills containing God knows what, DOING God knows what to the...
current status: chsh -s `which zsh`
if there had been internet when i was in law school, i would have never made it out. time wasting was a lot harder back then
Listenin to eminem is bringin back the memories
Outstanding night with and Thank u 4 backup! Missed , and story soon!
Safari, your fired! Firefox, you're now in charge.
I love busy happy days! Makes the time pass quickly!
what's wrong with being hopeful for the best with rams? Should we be cynical and curmudgeon all the time?
I'm honestly living my dream. All thanks goes out to My manager Jon, My label Big Machine Records, My crew and writers, and ofcourse my fans
RT : We'll be updating the GOP race tomorrow in a new Crystal Ball video; tweet us your questions & we'll answer some in video
Flat swings FTW!
Is Loving Chicago!
New PacSafe products have arrived!
Thank you dear!!!! I am so sad the flow chart didn't work....
Informed POTUS that Ron Paul was dropping out....President asked me to remind him who that was again...
Again hmm. I have been resisting the ipad, and I like eink, but maybe it's time to bite the bullet.
I need the power of the Danettes to keep my family safe here in Kansas! We are in our cellar.
I don't like to stereotype, but 4th graders are really, really, really loud on the bus.
Thrilled to see that you're sharing info on Ed Sikov. Great teacher & writer, someone is proud to call an alum!
Last day of being a middle schooler. Gosh, that went fast.
worth watching, keep your friends close...
Sometimes I feel like I'm spiraling down the rabbit hole and there's nothing to slow me down.
immediately behind booth
Just did some jiu jitsu/kickboxing with my DH to get going this morning? What do you do for activity to charge you up for the day?
The wi-fi works perfectly everywhere in my house except for one place, my room.
lebron an I justus landed in LA. Let's go heat
will be real sad if #Fringe and #The Event get canceled
oh hell yea!!!!! jus got bak home! tuned in. preesh!!!
RT : No starter in MLB history has gone winless in their first 5 starts with an ERA lower than Ryan Dempster currently has.
Drinking some 100% malt
Everyone wants happiness, nobody wants pain, but you can't have a rainbow without a little rain.
#Bacardi Limited is planning to celebrate its 150th birthday by launching a $2,000 limited-edition decanter of "rare" rum.
For the first time in a long time, u really sounded sincere... Should I believe you..?
have you thought about doing some video blogs?
“: Now 79 St Hune. Exceptional.”dang!! what a sweet night!!
Tell your friends to follow a great source to find out what's going on in the movie scene
This is the best feeling in the world, hearing music so great u r so inspired u dont know where to start! I'm like a kid in a candy store!
Looking for a close place to workout? Look no further than ! Formerly known as Aspen Penn Square
J&B whiskey is the most horrid thing ever....
Served the first beer at RAR at 9:15 this morning
I emailed CS again right after I tweeted you, I'll let you know what I hear in the morning.
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist right? ;)
No doubt. You wish you were here.
We now have our song It's Ok Up For Sale on reverbnation the link is on the band profile on the left
Nice! Have fun! Studio time is the best
Can't Be Tamed ;) I Go Through Guys Like Money Bein Thrown Out Thee Windoww :*
Well. I guess I'm not sleeping tonight.
10% OFF PIERCING SPECIALS TODAY! come on in and lets give you something pretty! our artists are currently available for walk ins so stop by!
When me and were like dying on the floor because our stomachs hurt so bad <<
Looking for some happy hour action? Come to TK and catch all the playoff games! Game 7 for Sabres @ Flyers starts in 15 min!!
I did!
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when guys make up stupid shit. <<<<<
tasty treat for a cloudy Monday! Thanks for coming by!
- My shoes?
I knew Fitteds was dead when Jay-Z start wearing #Snapbacks and he Swagger Jacked Chris Breeze.....#WTT SMH
gracias! thank you! =)
I have a half day on June seventh and an hour on June eighth fuck DUMB
I've come to a terrible conclusion today -- chocolate labs do not taste like chocolate
Question of the day: What is your favorite cartoon character?
Accepting donations for annual book sale NOW~hard cover, paperback, CDs, DVDs. Sale starts 10/22/11. Clear shelves now, restock then!
It's great when your friends post busted photos of you on Facebook even when it's clear that they should be burned.
You need to look within. Set your personality right. Just take care of yourself, the world will take care of itself.
that should be a pet peeve for EVERYONE.
Happening NOW: #4profitchat with Kevin Kuzma. Join the discussion!
Passover at my house used to mean, hey pass that joint over here!
Come to tonight's FREE preview of the Greendale episode of #AroundTheCorner with John McGivern at the #GreendaleVisitorsCenter at 5:30 & 7p!
Wow...I mean, you might be a revolutionary but I'm not sure it's because of your age. :)
Christ is Risen!
I wonder if those tech people know lord of the tech world is there? #photoop?
Have you ever felt like God vanished and left you hanging? I've felt that way too-but He did not-He was there with you!
Just because it's a bad idea doesn't mean it's not an idea.
Hear ye! Hear ye! The Chameleon Cold-Brew Evolution will be at (SoMa) today from 11am - 3pm. Get out there, San Fran!
Impossible! RT : Not in the building 30sec and I make a complete FOOL out of myself! HA!
#Bulls 5/1 Playoff Tickets #giveaway via RT & follow them by 4p to
#Boilermaker on the mound for my
Actually we'll go even more niche than BlackBerry...we'll go with a PlayBook app today!
Well played Michael Bay... Transformers 3= amazing...
any tips on how to get into the modeling and acting business
play britt!!!
today ended better than I expected <U+E105><U+E105><U+E057>
We will be on w/ tomorrow around 11ish to talk tomorrow's show!
Inkdt now makes skins for acoustic guitars!
NP. We like your product offering. Well done.
shush. You were away and missed it! And if I didn't already know then it would have been a great treat. So thank you. :)
Catching up on tv. Best. Wrestling. Wedding. Ever.
"local" Chicago is constantly a victim of "corporate" Chicago, their footprints are everywhere in this town. **raised fist**
I'm about 73% confident that our shuttle driver was my driving instructor...
“A woman's dress should be like a barbed- wire fence: serving its purpose without obstructing the view.” Sophia Loren
Also - people love to go out of their way to mess up the shot of an unguarded camera...
But the sushi there was phenomenal! :P *spellcheck?
Watching any movie I own that has to do with Ireland... #happypaddysday ;)
...up 3-0, now its 3-2 and you're excited? I like how Flyers are trying to convince themselves that they're ok. #Pens got the Mo.
I literally had someone do that to me while I was SITTING IN MY CAR. Better believe I chased them down.
ME AND YOU SETTING IN A HONEYMOON IF I WOKE UP NEXT TO YOU IF I WOKE UP NEXT TO YOU
We'll have a Ph.D. student visiting tomorrow doing research on early Christian rock.
MUAHAHAHA !!! how fun was that (:
When someone walks out of your life, someone way better walks into it.
The new Time Magazine cover is blowing up my twitter feed. Wow.
Watching Captain America!! Yay!!
Promoted tweet just displayed in our feed. Can't Twitter screen out that kind of garbage if you make it clear you're from #milwaukee?
A y'all this nigga gay smh
Belmont is playing in Columbus for the NCAA tourney next weekend. I will cheer for them!
I'm getting the Tablet phone in 2wks
Hanging at the Black Olive in Rio Rancho -- Yummy!
Evan Roth, an Award-Winning Man of Many Tags - New York Times
Hey guys! You should check out Great clothing brand with great designs for great prices. Why not buy a shirt or two (;
It is not uncommon, particularly in small breeds, for one or more primary teeth to remain behind (so-called retained primary teeth)
I'm leaving today... sorry.
#Live #Healthy! Don't be afraid to be different by deciding to eat right! just try it & live it every day! You only get one life! LIVE IT!
Nothing but you Lord..
Its a nice day out :)
people tell me how much you dont care about haters .
Hey Root... Reese is pissed. He's coming after you in season 2.
The momentum of yesterday's #Raven's win is getting me through this Monday morning.
Truer have never been tweeted!RT ay: If u stop dreaming, u stop living.
Well that was a good show we had on new years eve!!!! Can't wait to play again soon.
18 years of SKC opening day rosters, drop the two worst, seed them, and see who wins.
Thx for the
Thanks to for a great day yesterday, we are truly excited about your response!
So excited for World Of Dance! Gonna be a dope show!!! Who's going?! :) come hang out with us if u'll be there!
So we're at a red light and I look back to a truck behind us and the guy inside smiled and waved at me. :)
The value of a CFO/COO is measured by looking back at their careers. The value of a CEO is measured by how far they can see into the future
RT : Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored. ~Aldous Huxley
:-) I'm in one of those moods where I wanna say nice things about everyone I "see"... your tweet made me want make you smile! <3
haha yeah this is my other account. this is my beat page.
i love you <3
Oh , how you please my parents and make me feel silly for five minutes.
Attended the bill signing ceremony today for House Bill 2001, the Parole Bill that was passed early in the session.
Interested in law school? Meet UM Carey Law's Admissions Officer Jessica Hurtado today from 11am- 2pm at Princeton’s Dillon’s Gym
Another great birthday, I love my wife!
yah...idk Idk if we r going or not.
Does that change the fact that he was a sex offender who coached players?
MW3 BABY!!! GAME ON!
Follow via to win a free three day pass to WESTDOC 2010. Santa Monica, CA. Sep. 13-15, 2010. Please RT.
I keep trying to convince someone to let me mentor them. No one's bit yet *sigh*
Ova Texas A&M tonight is easy
Emily Gould at says they've raised over $4000 and 700 books. And there's a birthday bash on Oct. 9.
nice practice today.
Not knowing scares me...
Getting ready to roll out!
that's right! Best BBQ in the country is in Syracuse. Huh?
New Daniel Loeb allegations question whether Yahoo's Scott Thompson actually uses Yahoo Mail, as claimed on resume.
are you going to remove the non-handmade wedding dress you've featured from on your ? Lots of comments on that post.
I'm curious: If was called "Google Capital," would there be an uproar over privacy of financial info?
#S4L & ready to work!! ...s/n: now following
Today call your local radio stations and request ft "Getting Em" RT
should do a twitcam? i missed it yesterday. :(
Omw home to play MW3! Yeah!
Celtic fan, huh?
Royals tickets right behind home plate on the last day of school against the Red Sox!
Great TV tonight! #smash and
Pick Me Plz!!!!! iReally Want That Hoodie And If Win iWill Always Cherish It And Wont Even Let My Mkm Touch It!!
Chasing Gold
Q: Why did the scientist install a knocker on his door? A: To win the no-bell prize.
:/ awee your always so busy, you havnt been on in 11 days
its true. and i want some ;(
what they don't show in the photo is where the man statue is on top of a statue of a hummer, on a stone-new york city.
Sleep is that elusive friend that never calls you back and makes your eyes saggy. I'm officially not inviting Sleep to my birthday.
Friday Funday???? Who wants to skip work and play?
Marc Majers is getting ready to present Don't Fear The Forward to the 2009 Marketing Sherpa Email Summit in Miami.
we just got ours back today, hope your next!
Thanks for partying with us tonight !
Oh please let me get you addicted. Please.
wish me luck<U+2665>
Follow our President & Vice-President on twitter!!
Talk about perfect timing!!
Now that would be awesome :)
Will do!
You aren't kidding! RT : braised carnitas hash paired with a devil's kiss (or two) sounds heavenly!
OMG! There is ALWAYS a fight on #FirstTake these days. I want to see Lebron on here next. Air that laundry out!
going to bake some cookies. then sleep. wah fuck it #yolo. brb baking
The first edition of Interview/Auditions begin today at 12noon SCB/ WAYN Studios. Bring current Resume & 3 Show Proposals*
Ook sweet! See you then.
listening to music and awesome
Someone once said I a wise man ask question ... I wise man don't ask question ... a wise man keeps his damn mouth closed
I need a getaway. I need to be alone. I just want to find a place to be myself again.
Thank God!!! Welcome back London!!! : Redskins fans your captain is back!
congrats next stanley cup
#EBUS118 FYI... Twitter class was setup earlier from TX with scheduled tweets on - I'm at Conference with
I always use a windows machine to pick out my fonts. Whatever looks good on there will look great on apple devices :)
Congrats, Bob!
it's so great... Dub step for days
It's a wondrous place, but I don't understand it well enough to say it beats Brooklyn. Brooklyn is also wondrous to me.
live tweeting marge
You're the one
the way you do anything is the way you do everything
One answer: ask what is spirit of current international laws and how do we update it for 21st century? Not easy; take cyber warfare.
I think the Browns taking an OT in round 2 and trading back in round 3 means they expect a breakout year from
Taking. A test in gym. Lol
Thanks for following! Love finding Covenant churches. :)
Caitlin Flanagan makes me want to both laugh and cry with incredulity. Has anyone ever been more out of touch?
The only people I need in life are those that really care, Not the ones that use you and treat you unfair.
U TRIPPIN NOW
These kids are annoying
A4: Said last week during #sbchat that my wife (a mom) started to cry after watching the ad...that's impact
The other day I said I couldn't imagine being more unproductive at work,,,I was wrong!!!
Sunday. Sound check.
Charleston.:D
it was important to let the dead weight cut them selfs off
I'm super excited, but a bit nervous. Roman ruins, beaches, desert. It will be great as long as we don't have visa trouble...
Watching tv also trying to relax! And I know!!! I miss you too!!!
Using the new milestones on your business's Facebook page lets you show your past & present events.
I think I'm going too makes some Iced coffee fer school tmrw . Im in need of caffeine .
watching hockey and Keeping up with the O's via ?
RT : web filmmakers... please, don't call your content a web-isode!!! it sounds so bad!!! not a marketable term. thanks!
Lol im not even a nuggets fan i just hate the lakers lol
I wouldn't know. Set my alarm for 7 pm. Haha.
do alumni give you bobbleheads frequently?
Best sore throat remedy? Hot tea not helping. :(
Watching Whose Line on YouTube. Best way to start morning? I think so. Yeah, I woke up at 2 PM.
Yes a few Xmas services & jazz trio gigs last and this Friday. NYE I'll be playing at the Masonic Temple in Eau Claire! Hahahaha
Absolutely! Just sent you a DM with his contact info.
My favorite new fake word: RT I wanna discuss something with someone. But someone is being undiscussionable! Stupid someone.
Life is short, so u better make the most of every minute, every second, every moment that comes your way.
they say when you're not looking, that's when you'll find....
just got rejected. Life right!!!!!
Good Morning Twitter Universe!
Los Angeles ((:
She's still pretty tiny—Zoe isn't a very big cat.
GOTTA GET THIS SHIT DONE, ya know. ok so bye bye dahl
MIke Conlin on VIVO: creating a national network of scholars.
Who changes in the middle of class?
Are you serious? UGH!!!!
Good luck to #rgIII good luck this season
And to you! RT : Happy
#nowplaying Hear Me Now
now i gotta tweet just to buy some shoes , maannn f_-_-_that
#Adele #LiveAtRoyalAlbertHall is some of the best live music I've ever heard!
Did 9 miles with today since I had to work yesterday. Last 1.5 miles were tough but we did it! no for yoga.
So, tryna stunt on Twitter. I got you.
Hold my fin! Hold my fin!
Off is the general direction in which u can fuck!!!
Even the sea accepts raindrops (Proverb from Ghana)....
sole y luna
Like ma bell i got the ill communication
It was actually down the line. Stopped rolling before Cueto got there.
Ima flirt he a jerk but he aint fuckin wit it, unless the head grade A academic! Fuck them other bitches haha
Of course! Glad you're becoming an STC member. I don't miss that Lubbock wind, but I do miss you and your humor! Hope all is well.
ah scratch that, putney would be better! can you make that? i finish work at 6pm nearby, so anytime from then is gd for me :)
It's amazing how you can buy 1.5 TeraByte hard drives for only $50 now a days! Awesome
"why does your tv ruin movies!?"- leonard. lol
devilish details RT : Orwell on truth: "story always sounds clear enough at a distance…nearer…get…events the vaguer it becomes"
by sheer coincidence, my favorite photographer is having a show in Amsterdam while i will be there! #whodoithankforthis?
Just found albums from Dean Martin, Sinatra, and Elvis in a $3 bin. While Nickelback's latest album is selling for $17. Seriously Mankind?
better now ... I thought u were taking me out ;)
my favorite kind of homeless man: old, kind and looks like he has a ton of stories to tell.
Anther weekend, another swim meet
Thanks to for tweeting about us. much love from Kayuh Bicycles.
Movie Review: Dark Shadows' Johnny Depp Rises With Throwback Laughs Review in a Hurry: After 200 years in a casket, vampire Barnabas Coll
omg you're a pre op she male? :0
Sad news Guys... Tartar Control just broke up.
bitch i did i call you nd you ain't answer. you always sending me to vmail
Golf Shirts and jackets as low as $20. New Drivers on sale, start at $149.99 open M-F 11-2
Thanks! for following us. We love librarians
Big achievement always occurs in the framework of great expectation.
just rko the damn thing
hey there. Received! Had my father in law in town, it's been a busy stretch. I'll drop you a note later today, cool? Delay=sorry
or Nate
wow i hate ruining any chance i have of beind friends with someone
is enjoying Irish Christmas in America.
agh, ipod is restoring.. :/ great.
Are you JENN? A Jew that Eats Naughty Nachos? Haha
I have the best friends ever... My heart is bursting from love!!
The Pogues Black Spade Zip Hoodie
He isnt a SG either. Dude SUCKS.
Should teachers 'friend' students? - USA TODAY
Toast Music is a goodd song <3 :)
wanna hear the good news? Your plastic gift card works here on Benson
Making meatballs hommie!!!!!!!!!! That Is WHATS UP!!!!
haha awe! I really want to hear it too!!! :)
I've been so busy that I haven't tweeted much lately. Looking forward to checking back in and catching up.
hopeyouhad a great dinner
Careful now, don't want to earn too much street cred in your line of business.
I knew that was you, but I would've felt like a meat head if I sent a text and it wasn't. What's new? Seasons over you dog us???
#WellersRuleTheWorld its just a matter of time. I know you guys will go all over the World! <3
Stay tuned to today from 12-1pm. We'll be on live to discuss the May 20 festival.
#GoPackGo is always in fashion!
All I want is a turkey burger.
Talked to Shorty from Pit Boss !! He's a really nice man. :)
thanks for letting and I kick it last night. It was epic. God speed.
(01/02) Aww Ali its gonna be okay! When Mikey isn't there its because he busy. But I bet he wants to be there for you! Happy,Sad,or Mad ...
I forgot I brushed my teeth then drank lemonade. iiiiccckk!! D:
"I never liked a man I didn't meet" - Dorothy Parker when she met Will Rogers
I'll look it up! Thanks :)
Ever try to figure out how to unfollow a blog from your Google Blogger reading list? That's 20 minutes I'll never get back.
She is such a good friend........ Yea right
I'll make a UTF-8 encoded note of that in my document-based, non-relational database stored on a replicated ZFS volume.
“All men are created equal. No matter how hard you try, you can never erase those words.” Harvey Milk
staying positive is good!
Thank you! :) more music soon! In a week or two!
Need to get back to that AZ party... We had it crackin in jack rabbits
national tour of Beauty & the beast.
don't give up on him.
lets make that happen!
Go Pack Go!
mwahahah my social studies is stupidd
Happy birthday !(:
".../And I know some how some way we all can make it/ I got a little information might as well a go ahead and take it/..."
In my house..lol upstairs with da lights off
#darknightrises I may have to get excited about this one!
read my last rt of Greeny. That's what I hate about big media. They make comments and majority of people blindly believe them ...
Happy Grammy day! <3
killer set! Back by the bar, cruise out for a high five!
Client Testimonial: FI's trainers make exercising enjoyable all while clients get a great workout as well.
Love the way he make me smile
morning have a great one :)
what is up with the lake show right now
I over think situations way too much
Hard work, AVID pay off for Dell Scholar, 17
Question-- When did pajamas become a fashion statement? ATL lets get it together!
I want to let you go, but something always pulls me back to you.
With a heavy load and a long journey
and I already have way too much on my plate
Havent decided if im walking by myself today. I really dont fit in and its awkward..
Thank god for waking me up this morning <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
she is correct! I wear a bib, when I watch him on the show, it is that bad!
Q:thoughts on lincoln+vampires? A:Bleeding-heart politician attacks the nation's richest? Seen it already
Havnt been on hea in so long
RT : A bad idea, well executed, would still not make for a good business! But is it 20% idea & 80% passion?
ELISE HOW'D U GET SO MANY FOLLWERS?!?!?!?! OHMAHGAWDD!!!
Submitted my application to the #USF MBA Program today!
It is so pleasent to watch the green hills
M thin mints.
What he said. RT : Freedom! Duh....
It's Friday!
OMG WHO DO I SIT BY
not me haha
#IfIwasPresident...well let's be honest, being First Fish of the United States is kind of the same thing...
I`d like to give away my iPhone App "Self Acupressure Facelift" in exchange for Testimonials if you like. DM me and I`ll send promo code
don't worry..this guy >>> could care less bout Broncos. #teblowing made me want to vomit! Bronco's fans r soft!
To speak to human resources about your COBRA benefits... please press 1. To key your boss's car... please press 2...
When I'm on vacation here in the States, I can do all kinds of stuff; I can train and keep busy. - Vince McMahon
FEED ME OMFG.
You cool, went to SC; me hot, went to UCLA. Oil and vinegar. LOL
I dont came down, Hold Up!
Arthritis, diabetes, nerve & circulatory disorders can show first symptoms in feet. Foot ailments can be first sign of serious problems.
Why thank you!
yes, I am! I thought it was just me, so I'm glad someone else is having trouble.
yo i like tha vibe on ya project, thanks for the follow
RT if you have brown eyes
But its all meant in #love, ya nasty whoremonger ;)
oh so your kind of a big deal huh? Touring from London to Rome to miami :-) xo
haha don't hate!!!
Baby That's somethin' that just don't happen twice
Gone Baby Gone was filmed In Dot. I know because it was filmed on my street.
I saw at Clyde Common last night
Check out all week long - 5th&amp;Brazos behind
ST LOUIS, WORLD SERIES CHAMPS, BABY <3
Jokes4Miles: Fighting Cancer With Humor
I'm ok I guess.
I still think this is a pretty good team. Just not a good team at the moment.
i just pre-ordered my copy of #sweetdesigns whoo hooo so excited for this #mom to take charge in the kitchen!
my pleasure!
thanks for the RT!
Definitely cleared my entire plate..
Thank you so much. A lovely start to my week!
Jill, great to meet you! Hope you have a great time learning and talking WordPress.
"the full faith and credit of the United States Government" - HAHAHAHA! Now, THAT's funny...
Learn to play. I've never played an instrument. So probably read and some theory. Better late than never.
Shes as stunning as a phaser set on stun, yeah ...
I'm bouta go jog 5miles (:
that's good to know!
Trying to watch soccer on Fox. Just can't get into it.
Good win Denver!!!!
Anyone got any good reading suggestions on Data sanitization?
Let's see how many volunteers I can get to go out & and read w/ children on a Fri morning...March 2.
Hello! Thanks for the great info. Keep it up.
Sleeping on the bus to Hilo.... Most definitely
I don't know man, but I think is in love
put that hyena in freakahn zoo.
Iaght bro, does it have to be gospel?
Last 2 tweets from me were hacks, please forgive me if this has caused you any inconvienience I think I have regained control of the ship
winner gets crowned Cheat Baby Of The Year
Time to grab me some Coffee!!!!
Rep on floor: "Non-discretionary funding is things like #HeadStart, funding for ed, and med research"
To all Ultras Please bring small grocery plastic bags with you to lot 13 for the confetti. Thanks
John Duthie leaves his position with the EPT having grown beyond what many could have expected
watching face off now. Love this show. Your future husband is HAWT btw
I love twitter networking make sure y'all follow
ooh that's rough!!! Don't think I could go too long without my phone
in school. I kid you not. Why don't make one of your videos there er something?? :) :)
What if I don't want to start the week great?
what time is your panel tomorrow?
I don't think it makes much of a difference to your HootSuite experience. ;)
Too Too Funny!!!
I need an acoustic guitar so I can play something !!!
#Avengers tickets bought!
Just finished filming Aguabat!
i'm so happy i'm not at school...
We just spoke to our DC location. They are getting ready. To all of you in the path of Hurricane Irene, please be safe this weekend!
You guys doing any news stories this week for #FoodAllergy Awareness week? I see other stations around the country are.
Got all that? Lot's going on, we want to give away some stuff!
I continually find myself drawn to inst. design & prof. dev. Wish there were more opportunities at my school for me to practice them.
Yep. Long wait. Get better #EddieVedder ! RT : We did too! Both nights. Now in October.
I'm ok thnx:]! Good weather everyday in Tokyo lately<U+2661> I'm going to school everyday.
Sick of the games
Happy Valentine's Day, tweetahs! Have you had your Gourmet Headcheese today??
k but don't start until 9 so I probably won't leave until an hour after the usual time so I won't be able to take the bus withU
I love to see men tweet about there girls and vice versa....let the world kno ur proud of what you have!
Economic impact of Final Four in #Indy in 2006 was 39 million.
Glad to see the Wizards winning, but kinda wish they'd tank the rest of the games...need that #1 Draft pick.
Don’t forget to stop by the Cricket Wireless (300 Mays Crossing) in Round Rock from 4p-6p to get great prizes and say hey to Sara!
Super goal from Drogba.
We need a grillout tweetup this summer!
Ain't it wonderful?
Are you on Twitter? Join the conversation with us at
Yes, it's going on right now. Melissa at the Canadian office has deats. 1-877-WILDMED
RT I wonder if the clothes in China say, 'Made around the corner.' >lmao
Omg omg bout to watch Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie!!! So stoked!!!
DEAL OF THE DAY: any 5 bars of in-stock Standard soaps are $20. This deal runs until 11:59pm 2night, so orders must be received by then.
New York subways are having cameras installed due to people jacking off. Lol. Is this true?
and it WILL happen! Maybe even sooner than that.
playing some 80's riffs for fun
never heard of it. Ever smoke a A. Fuente?
: Thanks for a great first WangoTango experience!
Excited to be the keynote at #asc12 this coming Tuesday! Looking forward to network w a new crowd!
... Wow ... Do you think it went horribly wrong on purpose ... As in a way to get better ratings ? ...
Trying to come up with ideas for #geocaching around the history of #chemistry. Any ideas?
I AINT A TEACHER BUT I CAN TEACH SUMTHING, I AINT A PREACHER BUT WE CAN PRAY IF U WANA
It sucks being hungry when you're in the middle of nowhere...
I'm bored .
Nice shirt sir.
Just saw and she took my order with no mistakes haha :)
thanks for the visibility again. Would you like me to do some publicity for you?
wish it was snowing!
Sunday heat not keeping people from eating outside on 14th Street. I'm NOT one of them.
A little boy asked his father, "Daddy, how much does it cost to get married?" Father replied, "I don't know son, I'm still paying."
is TMSC still in the running for the battle of the bands?..
Damn... How much more WACC can dees succaz be!
pity those who are oblivious to the magic of Football, you don't know what you're missing...
everybody looking
that's good c:
true true. On point with the ginger ale too.
Looking forward to the video shoot in #NYC in a few days with some fabulous #bloggers!
This wedding thing on the ACMs has me more confused than Ronnie Milsap in a batting cage!
Bravo! Here's hoping more resignations are coming.
is a cool cat! Follow her!
Good Luck! Wish I was still playing beside y'all ):
Deb: In a lot of places, you can be a librarian and sometimes find time or find approval to work with archives that are not being stewarded
sick life being able to play teh poker but just selling pieces of yourself on 2p2.
You Aint Finna see a mogul get emotional
Thanks for spreading the word... Take Care JoAn
Yay! Will be interviewed later this week by Texas Monthly magazine! Yikes - my first real interview.....
Hello Oakland! :-)
first name Da, last name Shandal.
Up up and away
your name was trending on , and I got so excited for you! Apparently you're kind of a big deal in golf ;)
drinking pain with champane
People are Storming into Golden Valley Chinese Restaurant in Mesa for Excellent Food and Great Service. www.goldenvalleychinesemesaaz.com
Sore thanks to another great afternoon of riding at Ray's MTB with and See you next season,
She has no idea all I cld see was her in my future, too bad all she sees is herself...my pride always wins, I'll proceed
Heading to Whiteys then campus for homecoming. Go #gophers!
: Oh - they don't know that you're about to open up a can o' WHOOP-ASS on 'em, huh? Kill 'em softly, girl!!
Waiting in long line to see Olympians at Aries Apparel. Shawn J and Misty May!
#springforward I should lose an hour, not gain one. Why does show that it is now 11pm when should be 1am? #SomeoneDidn'tGetIt
I took driving lessons at school
I'm sick n tired of bein sick n tired
Happy Saturday. Who is thankful for living in #SanDiego ?
Just finished an interesting project in #printed circuit board interconnects.
I just broke my phone case..This sucks.
Hittin the road soon to see 's experiment at oberlin tonight
Jays take the lead with a solo homer from Kelly Johnson in the top of the 9th to put them up 3-2
It's hot in here. God I hope this doesn't go too long.
good! trying to get into the holiday spirit & you?
just sang on
IM SORRY :( be careful, taib gets craaaay.
get those registrations for the JPA5k in! Only ONE WEEK left! visit www.juvenile.org to register!
#palepeopleproblems people thinking your white .
OH GOD.
A lot of these heartless people believe they are intelligent for the things they do. People like this dont go far to tell the truth.
Now following !!
I will I will! Tonight!
Screencasts are awesome for an accelerated learning curve and the books are great to reference for more insight.
yea yea!!
it's like you took the words right outta my mouth...
Had a party yesterday at annies!(: fun fun.(:
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Oh, yeah, that's cool... This one time, me and my ex..
Merry Thanks New Year! Wait....Happy Thanksgiving! :)
i just paypaled some $, figured every little bit helps. hope you guys get back on the road soon! xo
Ryleigh's will be open at 11am Sunday for Easter Brunch, and we still have reservation times available. Give us a buzz at 410.539.2093 !
bro, that's gotta make you feel old... ;-)
George Zimmerman is victimized twice
I loved your article. Very nice read
": Let this Sunday be filled with Family, Friends, Faith, and the eternal memory of Jackie Robinson."
going to Pats Bills next week...can't wait!
RT : RT Life is like a game of cards…*
Damn!!!! Shaw got Hoops from flava of love?
Cheers m8's Happy
Loved at the Ahmanson Theater #LosAngeles! :)
! Congrats! You won a free ticket the Phorum 2012 Conference. Please send your info to:
MORNING EVERYONE!!!!!
Lol Dis Gay Boi Told Dis Girl He Will Take Her Man
Yeah, was a betatester on D3, its fun. But priced at console level. Eventually will be a limited free version.
Yea our president is black, but that doesn't cure every person thats a racist!
I saw! Thank you so much! I also Facebooked it :)
I'm trying... Not to
I Know For Sure Is Going On This MB Poster
we wear the same shoe size lol
Last week. Done for the year. I'm watching the game in CC 557 if you're around.
And we're on 20 years in a row where Steven Tyler fails in writing Mothers Day lyrics that rhymes with his mandatory "toss of the dice" line
I'm gonna bawl like a baby.
I have a temper. But I'm working on it.
Strong advocate for Children, front and center for
2006 Caduceus...red wine from AZ.
First phone interview w Lake Austin Spa and Resort went AWESOME!
heard he's a huge fan of the Florida State Seminoles or at least the coeds while visiting Louisville
aw our boy's growin up!
Congratulations! I have been teaching at St. John's for 20 years and find it the greatest! Prof. Charles W.
Jaysee thanks for giving me an outstanding bio...
So... iPhones are pretty cool.
thanks so much for the tweet! <3
my hope is that artist like will be added to future events...love true
We're officially going to Tickets acquired!
Sorry took soo long. Tag you are it! :-)
Recruiters from looking forward to #UWM & #MSOE career fairs October 6th & 7th. We will see you all there!
"Damn Yankees come here and they're like 'it's so hot, it's so humid'. You don't think it's humid in NY? You're right ON the water, idiot!"
We should really be guessing how many SUVs will get into accidents tomorrow. Prize=free tow. I'l go with 87.
Thanks! RT : Happy Friday shout out to #awesome new followers:
how about U pick up the quarter and i will thank u in my kind of way. :P
I just bought my Mommy a necklace that said worlds best mom can't wait for tomorrow ... it was worth it especially after all she does for me
omg I'm not sure but I'm checking right now
go away you hater...
no send me it can u?
We're a little over two weeks out Follow us for a chance to win a party for you and your friends!
My energy mission: place rose quartz crystals throughout the capitol building and grounds in secret spots.
where JB is now!!
oh my gosh! People are dumb
Thanks for the reply! Can we publish it in L&L?
Still need a job or internship for this summer? Check out for more information!
please meet me at six flags i would love to meet you jc! <WeMissAustin!>
School. Ew. Got a lot of quizzes-__-
i live in canada... calgary alberta im like est :)
Breaking News; went a morning show and told the world that he was only smoking weed and drinking.
U dont knooooo any shit about us !!!!believe me :D
it hurts to see how much you changed & how much you dgaf anymore..
haha!! xD cool. Gotta work fast! JK! :) So, you have anything planned for your 18th birthday?
Lol fools RT : #HoopNPoop RT : Or poop RT Kobe gonna have to hoop with adult diapers on tonight???
Well-deserved! Thanks for writing such a great book. From a
I hate you!
You go TNBC ...SURVIVOR...love it
Make a Case Study for clients you don't get. Hold yourself to designing something better than what the competitor is giving. #webdev 101
I hope there's some wine involved, too!
I'm so sore!!
Or Librarian. RT : Two greatest phrases for any entrepreneur: 1) "I don't know." 2) "But I will find out." (via )
Sad, but beautiful funeral for Whitney Houston, they brought the whole world to Church.
training in jersey city...
And I dnt give a fuck
I really do love playing mama bear for my phamily
Believe tour dates comes out next week! :D need to see again!!!
i don't think i could last a day of school without my headphones
Make-A-Wish Foundation. As a volunteer, nothing is more rewarding than to see a child's face when their wish comes true!
why not?
yeah buddy
That's why you need to come back to college station...
My brain hurts... /:
KCMO Preps for All-Star Game with Full-scale Emergency Exercise
It appears that folks these days don't know that you WALK on the Left & DRIVE on the Right.Guess it makes sense since ppl dont walk any more
30% of Workers Get Far Too Little Sleep
Anyone looking for a roommate? I'm thinking about building a sex dungeon in the basement.
Guess what just came on "Get it at....???"
Is there a more useless position as Defensive Coordinator at OK State or Stanford ? They would battle for 5th in the S.E.C. West.
It's a new day in denver whoa!
nothin to see here, just chillin with no pants with my best buds!
you only get one love in a lifetime.
Sorry we couldn't attend AAP's #indiebookbuzz but thanks tons for your great presentation on our behalf!
Same weather today in WI as in AZ. Going to sit out at Memorial Union Terrace with a pitcher of beer, stare at the lake. Join me?
Tough love is the best love! Lol “ Lmfao I hate you!!!!!! Jk love you too baby girl”
Joe Blanton: "This is the best I've felt mechanically and physically since 2007. Honestly." -- Matt Gelb ()
I LOVE Prezi!
The only thing I carry in my book bag is a note book and a pen.
legit red head? :3
thanks for the RTs , , ,
lol. Pls tell him she put herself in there. On more than one occasion!
How's Everyones night? Http://Hyebyeclothing.com
what is he last episode of pretty little liars whats the number of the episode n the season? or anyone eles who knows
I'm glad I got to see you if only for a little bit! It's been way to long!
For bitches like me your boyfriend wanna cheat on you! <U+E105><U+E404><U+E415>
thanks again Nina for stoping by our show... See y'at SXSW!
Bring your own stein to Oaktoberfest. Its goin down.
The season where i can hit a ball as hard as i want and not get yelled at, The sport i plan my summer around <3 SOFTBALL (:
damn. im not even on my phone. these lap top things need to update my technology. I'm actually on my couch watching cops
Today, I took it easy on in ping pong and let him win two games.
“: Who wants a Shout Out? :D” me please!!<3
damn for real?
when I hear an adult say, "just sayin" I always think, "gosh, I wish they only knew how stupid they sound." STUPID!
how to love. <3
#Zumba knocked me out! 10 Activity Points on #weightwatchers :)
Great! Thanks for your efforts. Looking forward to hearing something.
Looking forward to the release of the #nfl schedule tonight. I have plans to make!
I don't know why I am so obsessed with the game Dragonvale
thank you! (: haha
R.I.P. Joe Frasier. An idol for all, and someone to be remembered.
I'm so happy the sun is out!!! Thank u Jesus!
I lived in Andalucia in 2010, and spent time in southern Portugal and Morocco. Soo beautiful! def. have suggestions if interested.
you both dont have Netflix lol and it's not on the web.
Fair enough. :)
i want some chinese food.
Congrats to Jessica Simpson who gave birth today to a healthy baby girl, Maxwell Drew. I guess she really wanted a boy.
Yay! How are you doing cutie? I've been MIA here on Twitter lately.
“: 2 workouts today! Who am I, ??” // Hell yes!! It was a double day over here for me ;)
his insurance will take care of it I'm sure.
What would you like to learn about bad credit and excessive debt?
yes! ANd I just did it like a month ago too. That's a lot of shops in a small time frame.
How To Be Successful With Your Personal Finance
Real friends don't get offended when you insult them. They smile and call you something even more offensive.
Is it still a song if its dubstep?
What a beautiful sunny day in SoCal! Rockin my #JCShoes today, woo-hoo!!
The ones who want to achieve & win championships motivate themselves. -Mike Ditka
Watching on evening news
we are all concerned that you are not getting enough sustenance
Rule No.1: Never lose money. Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1-Warren Buffett
Last chance: Four #jimmybuffett tickets for sale. Show is Saturday at the Sprint Center in Kansas City.
Scheider, "Your gonna need a bigger boat."
Thanks! What an awesome day. Enjoy it.
Happy New Years 2012. Be Safe.
Here we go Robbie Ross
Rednecks do it in the mud...
Cannon wat up bro
yes, yes it is.
I just followed her! Can I have a shoutout?
Love is hugging. Love is kissing. Love is saying no sometimes.
David Guetta at LIV Tonight!!
My drinking game for tonight. Every time Obama says "fair" do a shot. Good luck!
If more people are playing lacrosse than watching lacrosse then maybe MetLife Stadium is the wrong venue. There has to be a backyard avail.
//Thank U Following All ;-)
honestly how do you manage to do a thing like that?
Silly is mah middle name lol ;)
It seems like pain and regret are your best friends.
Was I that obvious?...
I have a feeling that people just really don't get me. It can be annoying at times...~>
Dinner Ians Cinnamon & Honey French Toast Sticks, 3 Servings, Starbucks Doubleshot Cinnamon Dulce Coffee + Energy, feeling energized!
Omg are such good singers and funny and cute I love Liam and Harry the most their both the cutest the others are cute to
Decide on your article format even before you settle on the content you'll write about
yo thaxx #hustler_hustler for that s/o happy friday!!!
Cheer practice.<U+2665>
needs you to listen to the amazing fundraising shows on wtju.net and pledge for his Brian Eno show tonight at 11 PM.
Just finished some awesome sex with my Cuban mama.......hitting dreamland now. Night!
Highbanks is the best!
$25 gift certificate to for...! Congrats!
Q: What's your favorite day to go shop?
Beyond Redemption is loading out and on their way to Oakland! Half way there!
Who;s live blogging the #Edgars tonight? What's the handle?
"my brother's pregnant" "oh, your brother is a seahorse?" love my friends.
Really wanting to dress up in my Mr. Rogers sweater and sing Baby, Talk To Me. I miss it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Headed up to the Berkshires this weekend with husband, dog, and fetus. I hope this weather will stick around...
would you be able to meet at 2pm?
such a good combination haha
damn right we are lol i know how to fish this lake like the back of my hand
thank you AUSTIN for making BUZZ in my pocket !!
i guess
wkend has been grt! - took a walk thru central park & visited the Guggenheim with hubby, walked the whole way! You?
lol same n ok
Hell yes! Just did week 8, day 2 of !
RT : A real man never stops trying to show a girl how much she means to him, even after he's got her."
The #RM Listserv can be more animated than #thatdarnlist sometimes, making for good reading (i.e.: flamewars)
My pinky is sprained :( Poor little guy
your Mom in boots
Wishing I was out watching #baseball instead of inside working
game is definitely on!
please tell me that Quinn Fabray is not dead!
im utterly in love with <3
Such as: Baseball fans are, on average, the roundest of all high school sports fans.
Thanks for checking in with us on Foursquare - how was your experience at Kittichai?
I wish twitter would let you know who unfollowed you!
Tell me my dreams aren't realistic, I'll tell you yours aren't big enough.
Agreed. But give me a Sondheim musical any day.
I can not always control what happens to me but I can control what happens within me.
can all my followers help me get to 600 followers plz
You said u wanted 2 be friends, so we become friends and now u want more coz I'm moving on..... O pleasezzzzzz lol
#NMSTE11 see you in 2012! Great conference....
i just watched that part ;)
pup is EXTREMELY pleased with herself that she got away with it. don't think she'll be so happy with herself later...
"The LAN Before Time"
Good things are happening - enjoyed my visit today,
Enough playing around with the Semantic Web. There's a major data migration that needs me.
What you see in yourself is what you see in the world - Proverb
seriously you're lucky!! this is girl is flawless!!! :O
I wish I would learn my lesson about that
People live tweeting
Yum! Chinese food and Hulu. Tonight is going to be relaxing. Back Zanesville tomorrow for some house cleaning.
Just landed in Vegas; here till Saturday
How long until one of these iPhone photo apps update with a TSA-like, pseudo body scan filter?
I agree but he did trammell wrong.
Done Djing @ spectrum now time to go home and rest a lol before Rumi lounge tonight!
boo you whore.
Here's hoping that the Foo Fighters' Grammy might pave the way for more rock at next year's Grammys.
Voices carry
Off to bed my TriggaBooBear as I blow you sweet morning kisses <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B> I love you!!!
I love disney I am going to try to join the mom's panel!!! go mickey!!!
Whoever gave me this head cold...I'm coming for you. Highly irritated.
ill get one with you but you pay. lol
I like your style.
after tonight I am hoping that they start letting the bachelor/bachelorettes see the confessionals
A recent Yahoo News story found Seattle and Portland to be the top two best cities for hipsters.
all those kittens and cakes are worth gazillions, I reckon.
Yeah...it rained at my house...hope it cools of below 60 tonight
Yes! We love this one, too!
Korean is so hard :(
Yes Doc!!
The Junior Dance was a success. If I had the teachers dancing, I feel like I did a good job
Receive a complementary birthday facial on your birthday for following us on Twitter! Yay!
I can't wait to start my job soon I need some
im alone too dont feel bad
Happy #EarthDay Sunday, April 22! If everybody did just one thing to celebrate - imagine the good it would do!
Lazy outside Sunday
Can't Nobody stop you when God is the Wind Beneath your Wings!
I officially cannot sleep without having a nightmare ..
Great picture of the Fine Arts and Architecture Library!
But I'm sure it will be AWESOME.
Illinois Derby longshot
u ok
My NYE Resolutions is to make NYE Resolutions! RT Does anyone still make NYE resolutions?
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves text back with wow
$h goes to -------> follow her, shes the coolest thing since sliced bread ;D
Awesome! Looking forward to seeing your group at the game.
its sick. Totally sick. 45 mexican restaurants.
Can U PLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAASE accept my skype request
It was a great soapy moment...but Steffy is the only one in the triangle coming off sympathetic.
i think all conferences in ncaa with numbers need to have the correct number in their name: #big12=big10, #pac10=pac12, #big10=big12
is there a way to delete my account? I can't seem to find any info on the site w/instructions. Thanks!
I bet everyone at school only knows who watic is because Alex gaskarth guest vocaled on kiss me again.
on February 14 released their first song #11:11 and now draws his May 14 second song #Saysomethin :)
My body feels so weird right now holy cow, knocking out when I get home
I do have ONE question: Will the audience be allowed to boo the moderator every other question at the Mittens-BO debates?
Have a nice nap Logan. <3
just cast my ALA ballot for my favorite librarian rawkstar Good luck!
not gonna be able to sleep with Larry Bird pointing at me...
Oh American Pie.
I hate cooking all this good food on holidays n having to wait for every1 to get here to eat! Bump that! *Usher voice* LOL I'm eating!
#Actors you gotta stay connected to your community! Check out the coming this Tuesday Aug 30.
Why can't you go?
they claim to want to stop.
It's neat that gmail locked me out of my account for entering my DOB wrong. Yes, I am older than 13.
Sunday Brunch On January 9th, February 13th, March 13th. Check out www.golfthebridges.com for more info
Who's winning? Both.
II can't imagine! my first job was complicated enough & had a steep learning curve, & that's w/ archives coursework.
#69Factsaboutme 60. This is kinda fun!
YOU ARE AT 1,000 TWEETS
"My pussy on his mind like fitted cap"... you stupid for that one Mama! Love you word all day Kimmy!!
Excited to be going to see Matt Wilson, Gary V, Martin W and Terrell Stafford tomorrow night at Dizzy's. Should be a great show.
If you see a comet, baby I'm on it making my way back home <3
Share a smile with someone else so that they know there is always hope. :)
all day, every day.
just got drafted!!
If I let you over in traffic the least you could do is the rearview hand wave or the brake light thingy!
Ess-a-bagel. Got it! It's on the list =) (Well, in the Google Doc)
haha you would say that! You better be careful! Somebody gonna come beat yo ass!
Awhh, I'm gonna miss symphony :P
No I don't think that's why they call it window pane.
& Jimmy's a Genius and Inge gets the GWRBI. What the hell just happened in the world????
Can't wait till tonite!!! Indianapolis!!!
Nice, works even better when done together!
just had some damn fine liver with bacon and onion sauce wish i could live there.
wow! strong women indeed... your friend is a saint!
my phone's home screen seems to think I am in Bulawayo. but it's 75 and sunny there, so maybe I would rather be there.
haha XD next time we have to knock more screws out of the wall.
TO figure was BLISSFUL SHARE food with hungry.
A TAI player review of former Denver #Nugget Nene coming soon...
Watching a bad 80's movie that's complete w/ high-waisted mom jeans, permed man mullet (in ponytail) & paltry child acting...I'm in heaven!
Can you bring a guest? :-D
sounds like you're having a rough day
How is that suppose to make me feel?
Good pussy aint got shit on faithful pussy. #Nthatsreal<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088>
It's CHEESEBAR Wednesday! Stop by and see us in Little Italy tonight for our weekly Cheesebar Happy Hour from 5-8pm! Just $12 a person!
Why? RT : I hope is writing a fake for "Ted."
foodsmart. Delivering the Art of Living Life well. With Love, always! Enjoy your evening!
I love this! Thanks for taking the time to compile all these outstanding social media quotes
Looking forward to seeing who this year's crop of Commencement speakers will be. GSU's is Vicki B. Escarra,President/CEO of Feeding America
Waiting for the little lady and grillin'
If you rap showcase your skills tonight on #LateNightLesbiansRadio via its all about you !
in Tampa this weekend. You are too crazy for B More!!!
Drivers ed at 3:30. I want my license already.
My head itch like a motha fucka!
RT : Augmented reality is when reality & the internet fuse, & digital information is a layer on top of & augmenting reality.
'tis an honorable thing you do, sir :)
thanks! I miss you too, we need to hang out!! <3 I'm having withdrawals..
Off for a couple of weeks. Just going to kick back and enjoy the summer!
RT Having a smoking section in a restaurant is like having a peeing zone in a swimming pool.
I always like the bob style
iTunes is getting purged...if I haven't listened to a song in 3 years it needs to go.
and some brews would hit that spot for real
At the gym with #dassit!
Cardinals lost today but Re thriving without Pujols and TLR. I'll be honest. I didn't think that would happen
ok goodie Friday it is. Sends text
#Yankees offense missing. Reward if found.
So tired. But this storm wont let me sleep.
In order to stay in the BIG XII, #OUDemands Matthew McConaughey wear a shirt.
Oh okay thanks!
If Cheez-Its are bad, well sir, then I don't wanna be good.
Time is money so why your watch not iced out??
best idea EVER!!! :)
you gave been killing it recently. Love your posts. I set a colleague start on the civil war.
bitch who sings Call Me, Maybe is fucking 26 years old............zoned.
#niallhoranisbeautiful #NiallisGorgeous these should be trending everyday ! why does he have insecurities he is FLAWLESS
I hope the colossal failure and server crashing is not going to happen tomorrow when I get home and load up D3. I will rage
's tweet game tonight >
It's not her fault, though, that Petrino hired her. Infidelity isn't job related. Yes, bad PR for AR; but Petrino did this.
Senate holding #ESEA hearing 11/8 & #SchoolLibraries aren’t included. Why?! Good #schools need good #libraries!
So because of my outrageous homework load and long rehearsals I cant do it for long, but I'm about to start THE HUNGER GAMES. :]
Seriously funny!!!
Just came from: 2011 Alive! Expo Green Pavilion & Mix Media Luxury Lounge during Oscar week! Thanks Misty @ Extreme PR! Had such a blast!
I don't care if you just left, I already miss you.
Demand your money back. That was a gyp.
I just realized they switched the piano player on #Glee!
thanks you Cindy for answering my questions and keep up the good work on ESPN. Big fan of yours since 2004!!!
It's my daily battle. I think I might need to give it up for Lent!
Whats up man
Shout-out! Thanks everyone 4 helping me get 2 100 Followers!!!
i gotchu bro
you should come onto the show.. :)
Don't you deserve a night out just the two of you? Of course you do!
I like...looks like Toni Braxton. Sara did good
sounds like a perfectly appropriate thing to discuss over an AB soon.
I'm a bomb ass poker player... Online. (and with fake money) :p
I'm hoping we can avoid that and all the "back in 2007" analysis it will bring during the game
WE ARE THE NEW BREED!!!!!
Crossing the Chicago river on the bridge!!!
Sorry for the shipping delay on you international folks! I'll be going to the post office on my lunch break tomorrow!
One week closer to summer
Lone star college tomorrow! Should be a super fun show!
Putting proposal together to present at FETC? Has anybody done so yet?
About to eat these commercial ass chicken and waffles with 2 beautiful ladies.
For every person seeking greatness, there are dozens charged with safeguarding mediocrity. Randy Gage
it's still a compliment....!
I love the fact that I can believe everything you say to me, thankyou for nog being like other guys. <3
Did we mention that tonight's Community Cinema feature was nominated for an Oscar? It's that good!
Conquered Camelback mounting with my #brewers colleagues jim, billy, Megan and Kristin. Thanks for waiting at the summit for me.
RT:: RT : Excited for Meet The Bar with the babies!
Lol. There's No Guarantee That'll Change Anything
its a car game lol its cool
i like how i suddenly became the bad person for putting myself before people that hurt me in the first place
there's no fooling you :P
will be closed for Christmas Eve & Christmas Day & New Year's Day
did you see Alex Liddi play at third to save a run
I'm going to hopefully have Harry by the time our 10 seconds 2 inches away from each other is over. If I even get that lol
MY SiSTER L0VES MiCHAEL AS MUCH AS Y0U D0
Happy mothers day ! For your 1st present, im making Abby clean the house =)
Lol, that's quite a lunch! Where is the FOOD?! I love , they are SO accommodating to my special requests.
Kirk Gibson wouldn't catch Orel Hersheiser's first pitch tonight because he's is a D-back now. Attitude not seen in the #twins organization.
“: Both teams 180'd in 2nd half. Bulls have a promising future & Skip Holtz (with Daniels) will make it happen."
I'm so fuckin scared right now :'(
left, unless you were planing on pimping out a few ho's on you downtime*
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal. Love leaves a memory no one can steal. 1 year and we miss you grandma.
FOLOW ME PLEASE I LOVE YOU SOO MUCH AND I DID FOLLOW FOR YOU!<3 biggest fan! still waiting for you to follow
Thanks for the follow! I really miss being in the GREAT state of #Texas. Next time we're in town I WILL stop by.
There's something fantastic in having the theme from The Good, The Bad & The Ugly come on shuffle when you're headed home from radiation.
I know my #Avs buddies won't like this, but go North Dakota
well that's way better than the only other offer I got. I refuse to clean Mark Madden's bathroom in a mankini
You would lol
no but we will one day :)
have a MUST WIN GAME TONIGHT.
Need to find out if Taco Cabana really hickory-smokes their brisket.
The most important question. Who is holding Jonah? & yes Bill is listening to the plenary. Watching NCIS LA 4 me
text me
Minn DNR aerial survey finds moose population continuing to decline, down to 4,230 from 4,900 year ago.
Three for Two pre-rolled cones today at The Clinic!!
Looking forward to doing the hustle on tonight!
#EmailMarketing Tip #10: highly segment your list to send customized relevant messages to match their world. Never blast!...
yes all of my pics are me! Never stock photos as that invites trouble!
Jus put in another days work as the shotking
2189367999 pin 396135 it starts at 8PM Eastern Standard time every Sun. Tha call is moderated by Sistar Fayola and the Empresses
Sending love and prayers your way today! Miss u.
Well this sucks.. I just found out I can't watch 's twitcams cus it won't work on my iPod :(
How to reduce violence in #Mexico?? Hm...
Just tested (played with) our clients new iPhone game still in production. Should be out in a few weeks and it's super addictive.
Good beautiful morning! I feel a fabulous day coming on.
I just ordered Moulin Rouge on BR. Take that, sexual preference stereotypes! ;)
“When you realize how perfect everything is you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky.” - Buddha ~ <U+2665> ~
Thanks for the RTs, mentions!
Hopefully I can keep this job
So much beautiful pictures in Tumblr!<U+E107>
Team: Kids are scared to fight. If you lose, you're a punk. Guns feel like protection.
Comic Con Day 1. Still going.
Taking 6 months of physics and cramming in in my brain....
YEAH! Welcome to ! you better be in our hood today...
thanks, lovely! xo
went to the library at 10 to vote & found voting does not start until 11 #Doh!
RT : Today's allergy count: trace amounts of Oak tree and grass pollen. The molds were very high.
Sending love to all the mommies! Happy Mother's Day!
1st round potential???
It's a bit late, but thanks for #ww tweets from and
my life.
Today we repair a crumbling chimney. Anyone else have crumbling brick or mortar problems?
#WFFConf12 Pat Harris congratulations on your much deserved award and for blazing so many trails for all us!
Weird when FB suggests Rich Sommer to be my friend. I guess im greeting to know the right people, eh? He is very nice btw.
"here's my asshole boss!"
I think she's already announced it will be a trilogy. Did you make it to the library before they closed?
I want to see a movie. What should I see. Hm. Well, I guess I'll just wait for my friend Mike to call and invite me to Horrible Bosses.
"My mom has been looking to buy a Toyota Prius for almost 3 years now but the prices have always been so outrageous along with the miles...
Need someone set up to record VO in LA. Short easy gig, paid. Hit me up.
Dont get it twisted....#golddiggers can be women OR men!
Love the Norfolk St. Father in the bleachers wearing jersey & showing the arms off LOL
The Pulse tonight! 1-4am interviews from Rock the Bells and DJ Amen Ra and DJ M2 tune into Power 98.3 or stream live on power983fm.com
Going to grind poker hard this week because I want to buy a yellow jeep wrangler to cruise in for Ultra 2012. Doing it well.
Also: If I were going to shoot someone, I would *so* do it during a fireworks show. Damn you, security background.
1 second away from 1st, 2nds not that bad though. :/
happy Senior Week class of 2010! don't forget to check out all the events planned before commencement!
LBJ versatality oft compared to Magic playing C in Finals. Prob is we've never seen it. Now they need it & still not doing it
#dataSMT Oh! Good answer ;-)
Best show ever the guy code
Interesting piece in the USA Today..no talk about budgeting. Also 75% of airline miles “rewarded” are never redeemed.
Show on the 7th in Redhook!
what did you do.
we can do a 3sum
so, how should I address a parent who's upset I didn't follow through on a letter of recommendation for their child who dropped my class?
#UnattractiveThingsAboutMe I Gotta Big Nose Lol
Thanks for the RT : )
And prayers out to his family, it's tough to lose someone like that #Rip Cuervo
We play on Wed!
these shenanigans happened last year too under Phil when the Mavs swept the lakers. Bynum,Odom,& Artest acted a fool in game 4
Tonight I was interviewed live by Larry King at work. His question: "What's this table for?" And then he went to commercial.
it's on my list. Here it's #wicked bad.
What are your favorite #design trends that you see online today? Trade Gothic usage? layout integrations?
I think divorce comes somewhere between that second and third photo. Time to put down the camera and help.
So glad that we r almost to Clovis! I'm so ready to lay it down.
some red velvet cake
IM PROUD OF YOU
In my room listening to my new iTunes purchase #PutItDown by and eating some tacos. Life is so great.
I didn't yet but I plan to when I get home. I want to make it my text tone. Thanks for posting it.
Please come out and support our Health Club on May 4th! There will be something for everyone. If you want to help or donate let us know!!!!
how was your first day of school? (:
Q: If you are visiting a foreign country & want to brush up on the language before you go, what sites or resources do you use?
So happy for that I could cry. Saw the trailer for "Circumstance" before seeing "Conspirator".... The trailer was better.
not long, only 4 or 5 months
Hey man loved the cover for crash into me
#goodideasforcities Creative place making!
Recording the podcast tomorrow night. Any ideas/ suggestions for the show?
My big brother Scott will be on the TWC Sports 32 roundtable tonight, talking about the #Brewers anemic offense and how to turn it around!
said wherethehottiesat.com is Pregnant with Brad Pitts Baby!!!
Ain't a woman alive that can take my mommas place ^.^
Do you have dropbox so i can send you the video? Too large for email
no!!!! Jerry!!!! Tha's really really really not good.
Headaches suck, concussions suck even more :( shower, ibuphrofin & bed
Nothing like a creepy Septa conductor
Finally signed up for Google+. Now, to figure out how to use the darn thing.
Thanks Josh!! Really appreciate it.
tiny failures=tiny lessons...Go for the big ones instead... The rewards r so much better :-)
SayMedicine Medical Pronunciations is Compatible with New iPad 3
Authenticity is so delicious!
This next year's presidential elections are going to suck!!! Right now no republican candidate seems capable of running this country...
#beliebersgohard Our family broke a record, way to go, more is on the way:)
Me too! I've been watching House Hunters Intl. nonstop. So since we do go to Georgetown, I think I'll try for the I-MRS ;)
ohshit! I still want to see... Is it all over?
"Meet the Beagles" makes a badass pre-game mix!
To make up for the #DowntonAbbey tweets: of COURSE Denver played Black Eyed Peas after they won. We look forward to your stay in New England
Timing is everything! "And when power ballads come back, we'll get big hair again. " - Jerry Cantrell
Had a great photo shoot earlier today with now trying to work through these challenging issues...God is with me and I'm cool!!
Actions speak louder than words... So shut the fuck up!
Don't cry over the past, its gone. Don't stress about the future, it hasn't arrived. Live in the present and make it beautiful.
Boy do I like our QB RT Thanksgiving at ford field. Heard the boos at halftime... Must have been the halftime show idk.
Its hard to dance with the devil on your back, so shake him off
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone in Canada!!
That laugh >>>>>>>> hahahahahahhaaha
ya i pretty much threw in the towel on the board. For shame i say! For shame
Hey #BudLight how about bringing back the "Dude" commercials? Those were the funniest ads ever.
#inthe90s Grunge was in
Didn't see you're tweet until now or I would have tried to stop by and say hi. It was better than I thought it would be.
jump in :)
Tyler Newsome announces his decision: Pikeville College.
patches enjoyed meeting you
I wish Twitter had a "like" button
Come join us for the #Knicks vs #Heat tonight! Game 3 baby!
thank you <3 :D
huge lesbian cab driver talking about the wbna and carmelo's wife for five minutes. #stereotypes?
Me and my nigga gstrip bout to dip
guess what song i just heard on the radio?!?? BOYFRIEND NEW FAV SONG AHH!(:
My friend sent a letter that i wrote to you,without me knowing,she asked you to draw me a duck... Did you get it??
I'm going to run over this neighbor kid. We are leaving. Please get out of my driveway when I ask.
Stopped in at the yard sale across the street and found what I was looking for for only $0.50! How did they know? A conspiracy of good?
feels like I haven't talked to you in like a year !
Please! ! Please !! All my follower delete this account and start following me on this account. alik_rainey Thank you”””
Oh he was/is swerving all over the place. Thought he was drink until I saw her sit back up.
with cream and sugar please. you owe me one anyway for missing my birthday! :)
Will launch search for new CDO.
Good day, damn. good. day.
celebrating 's graduation at allen field house this morning. rock chalk!
Hey ! Have you ever thought of doing a Space Needle inspired flavor?
I no he got player of the game
hey to each his own opinion then.
Jim Snabe gives insight into the technological advancements we've seen since 1972 - software made the difference, not hardware
Yeah well you used pluralized tattoos the wrong way.
Im OLD??? I'm YOUNGER then you- If I'm old, then your really old fat thing
JOIN MARK CLAYTON AND MEMBERS OF THE BALTIMORE RAVENS!!
Hey, thanks for the tweet! Such amazing winemaking talent in #WW. Lucky us!
Basketball wives today
RT : Put your money where your house is. Support local independent businesses. Keep your $$ in your community.
Today Is My Birthday!!!!! Is a Good Day:D
It appears my account was hacked and my followers were sent some bogus messages--not mine!! Sorry for the violation
Miller Park just turned into Sotto
In what ways will dialog be encouraged? Sometimes it's hard for off-site Twitter pals to think of a question.
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP=
RT : Perfect day in NYC! Heading over to office, getting down to BC's - see you soon guys ;)-Can't wait 2 C U!!
TAKING ON ALL CHALLENGERS IN SC2 O_O
cum on Giants got 2 watch dat run game now
Neuroscience data geek out in the office today. Text mining for scientific breakthroughs with and
Damn he cancelled his FL tour dates...I guess FL gets NO LOVE! :(
it wont even turn back on.. i have it plugged in what the heck
been away from Internet world for so long it seems! Have 2 more days in Australia..Just back from a trip to Melbourne+Gold Coast. Good times
The studio life b crazy. S/O to
#dallas tornado touch down South Dallas. Tornado watch east Dallas
Coming in June has scheduled a restoration of rights workshop in conjunction with Bishop Curry to help ex-felons
yeah... i love my place :D
#LadyGaga back in the meat dress, #texting anxiety in new relationships & #pottingtraining help. n #HotTalk tday at 4
The AAP recommends that babies sleep in the same room, but not the same bed as parents in order to avoid known bed-sharing hazards
Whoop! Great job Ags! :) “: What an amazing night! Perfect weather and a GREAT GOD. Shalom final total: over $128,000 donated!”
Lazy Fit tip of the day: Dynamic stretching is considered a workout... so get your bendy on!
bitch i'm ape shit!
Oh great gods and goddesses of the interwebs. Why have none of you created a good Flinstones name generator yet?
This works for me EVERY TIME, Carlos. I hope it does for you too! Glad you retweeted it... thank you!
You know you're an anthro major when you use phrases like, "a 'sounding board' of the zeitgeist," and you're totally serious.
2day was BikramYoga-I love that it's a practice & meditation,not a workout.Always find time to reconnect w/ self,or there is no u in ur art.
Building my ezgonow wordpress blog........ oh ya
3?? OMG, I might be able to go! RT : Neil deGrasse Tyson (ie my space boyfriend) is giving a talk at the Memorial Union today @ 3pm.
Peace and friendship with all mankind is our wisest policy, and I wish we may be permitted to pursue it. – Thomas Jefferson
tonight i'm at Excalibur for the annual executioners ball! come see the best costumes in the city for the biggest prizes!
It is 5:30 in the morning now and I felt like thanking God for what He has already done for me in my life~BAMM.
me live me some
went to sleep again. What's up you cool?
I think the last episode is next week with Paula Deen.
hey Fred. Remember when you were a guest on my podcast last year? Would love to have you back to talk about these findings!
i work there, would you be OK if i send this to our customer service group? Maybe they can figure out what happened
for this cd to not to have a lot of solos in it the song a face to call home makes up for it this is my new favorite song I gotta say (:
Friends come and go but best friends stay forever. thats all I have to say. Switched at Birth
I love #Nutella to!
i am done with you chris smith yeah your a fucking player so you can text tht dirt skank all u want because i deserve way better then you !!
Industry-leading fuel economy comes without sacrificing power
#Project366 coming soon! Stay tuned for some cool photography and fun projects for 2012! Big things are gonna happen in 2012.
Yeah I don't think he's going to be quite on Bradshaw's level, but he should be a solid complement to a power runner. Thanks.
Uh, your link with the picture gives the answer away, anyway.
..what ya trying to say, sparky?
Jersey Shore!<U+2665>
Of active users, 67% of people who used #instagram in last week, used it yesterday. High, Facebook-like engagement.
Salsa lessons went well, looking forward to polishing my moves #<3dancing
That;s how I feel about twitter. Don't actually know anyone. I've met all my facebook friends.
IT'S MY JOB TO KNOW! So I Make It A Point DAILY To MEET, ASSOCIATE & AFFILIATE With The 'Movers' & 'Shakers' In The Ent. Biz. So Should YOU!
How can it not be?
Haha! Thats so funny cause I was going to ask, "Bums shooting up on the corner in TL?" Great minds think alike. ;)
I just accepted a green roof speaking gig at the "Enviro-Fair at the Fair" on Saturday June 18 5:30PM, Del Mar. Let's get a good turn out!
1 week. 2 seasons of Pretty Little Liars.
10 years from now Ill probably regret half the shit I do, but at least I wont say "what if".
acrostic poem in #LASD union newsletter: "G: Gun. Think Gun always...Gangs, how dangerous are they?...Guilty first, until proven innocent!"
Will do...
lots of wine and gourmet beers, cheeses, local and sustainable produce, etc. We heard it opened this weekend.
I've changed for the better
there will also be a lot of jazz hands involved.
I bet the achievement gap starts a birth, but researchers just haven't found a way to show it yet.
Just auditioned for Allegra commercial.
Cans trivia at 8!
I love this idea! Anyone need an MBA student to help out?
In fact, I think affecting your own SEO is an entirely separate article…quora is awesome for that
Here's your daily hint for the Santorini Winner! - She referred at least two friends somewhere south of St. Paul, MN.
lol! Yes. She butt dials every time she passes gas, which is often!
Off : I just had the best time!!!
That Werth play especially being on Ross, just changed the series
So much has happened this week I'll be glad when its all over now bed time got work later
Join us for lunch or dinner and enter our Chillin and Grillin Promotion. First place wins RV rental, cooler, camping furniture &grill tools
Television shows
Beach Boys laid it down!!!
Hey, I just met you and this is crazy. But here's my number. So call me maybe
Brb guys I'm gonna go die. Officially scarred for life 0.o
Austin Aries and Daniel Bryan are just the best right now.
Do u like or dislike John Cena?
Lmfao. You're not slick. “ RT : About to heat me and cj up some Cinnamon Rolls. (:”
#Tebow to Jets!
I'm never coming home. I love Jamaica!!!!
Lori spoke on behalf of AB 1648 CA Disclose Act this morning; will increase transparency in campaign money and funding
ITNS now up 53% still looking strong ... protect profits
Looks like winter FINALLY arrived in Reno!
How 'bout them Detroit Tigers! 2 down, 1 to go in season opening Red Sox series. Yesterday 10-0. Today an exciting 12-13. Go Tigers!
This weeks mobility class Saturday at 9am!!!!! Don't miss it!!!!
Very Busy but productive today for BAL. Lots of auditions, bookings and talent management. We are proud of our on point talent.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen everyone thought that was gonna be pissed, but he's laughing l0lz
hair color no more all black
You guys are wrapping camp up tomorrow right?
Awwwe that sweet! well thank you :)
Brassow story is a bit disappointing. Too much build up.
Had the weird dream about a guy I went to school with and we kissed! Not sure what was up with that.
There were already people drinking for the Rockies opening day downtown on my way to work.
thanks, West :) It's been nice to have the company of twitter friends.
oh dude! No fun! Will out on yer behalf..
ah you fucking prawn!
spoken like a true non-parent
thanks for the follow. Keep doing your thing!
You are most welcome! Have a great weekend!
Blacklatern says degrassi rocks
It's really nice, sweet Google Apps integration, and cool onboard storytelling app. Impressed so far.
I did enjoy your food today! My husband was with me and enjoyed your dessert so much he forgot to share.
Gonna go spend some #fatherdaughtertime with my dad...haven't seen him in months</3
NFL popularity kills NBA popularity. Not sure that is a fair comparison.
Injustice may be eradicated, but human clashes and natural boundaries can't be removed.
Be organized w/ code, files & TIME. Time=Money. Don't waste time on tiny blips. Overall functionality+looks is what counts.
Congrats to who won the ticket & art giveaway for 4/22 @ Club Passim. Please DM us to claim your prize!
The entire month? Cool!
I think we should start a website together #muscleswebsites&MichaelKors #getlikeme I'm at my house
he said ya if u teach us how to beef it up
RT : #Taurus are simple yet sensual creatures who dont over complicate things but love pleasure.
Terrible rain/cold conditions.
Congrats on joining Twitter, !
RT Be YOU. No one can do it better.
RT RT It's amazing all you can accomplish when you stop 'saying' you will do it and just DO IT.
I was never one for games anyway
I'm craving Wendy's STUPID COMMERCIALS
It is impossible to imagine anything which better becomes a ruler than mercy
thanks Walter!
Until 7pm! RT : Had a great time at the blood drive this morning!! It's going on all day, so stop by & save lives!
and I are looking forward to meeting you at the #140NYC :)
POWER WIN!!!!
Sorry folks we are already fully booked up with appointments at tweet us your news though and we'll share it
Matter of time before NJ cashes in ther beating NY to every loose puck especially In the rangers end
Please someone let me know what kinds of low carb foods to eat to start off with??????Reply
ha ha, sure! but it may go unpaid...
MT : A2: It depends on the act. Low key places are best. It allows for audience involvement.Love Chicago Theater also.
dont wary i will :)
No!! This nigga phone CAN'T be dead right now! Smh.
biz 101. When a company is hurting your top resource, you find a to stop them. For FB, it was photos -> $$$
You know nothing about me either!
they ate tacos de chrizo from yesterday... i think daddy is buying you a hambuger, before you go and donate blood
I found out that I can put my self in a mood which I can think better. Maybe more logical.
I just finished a 16.0 mi run with a pace of 10'17"/mi and a time of 2:44:40 with Nike+ GPS.
im glad i hav yuh to lean on...i tell u everthin somethings i sudnt...bt u no them
At least one thing is for sure: "Sweet Home C-U" this Wednesday will be the best part of my week!
Dieing to know! What is it??
thank you :)
It's not good to suck this bad. Damn, I kinda wish we would've lost to the Steelers.
psalm 96. Kraemer fam update: Caitlyn is slowly regaining ability to sing praises with her physical voice, even in the midst of dark dark.
all the disciplines that should be celebrated :)
A Variety of Hot Soups to Choose From!!!!
Just asked: "Is it TOO 70s-makeout-room?" (I think the answer is no, for the record.)
Wake & bake..the best way to start off my Friday. Have a good day tweeters!
how does google expect you to fully optimize for speed when their own cdn resources are set to expire way shorter than what they recommend?
talking to her !
reading my May issue (yay) and spending time with the family.
Did I just see Oliver North do an ad for a video game?
This just in! DonKhoury predicts Ol' Floppy Arms will be the next Mayor of Chicago!
#replacebandnamewithasians Bring Me The Asians
So get outt of here
Another beautiful SoCal day...I'm off to enjoy it!! Happy Monday!
Taylor continues to drive to hoop with no results
Finally, an excuse to get a butt plug.
*dies*": all women shud have that"
I love you lol you are my idol :) please #follow me
sure is! Come on down!
I want a money oak lol
Lol I feel u. I like to write and brag about as much positivity in this city as possible so keep up the hard work.
Rock Chalk Jayhawk!
Lovin' Louisiana cuisine
Our state is n Highest Risk BUT Debi in n the Highest of that!! PRAYERS!
Happy Mother's Day to all our #MoCo moms! What are you doing to celebrate? Breakfast in bed? Brunch? Tell us!
Online EP release date = Oct. 1st!
Enjoyed your take on Haywire's fight scenes. They definitely stand out in their measured execution
The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time. Abraham Lincoln
Looking dapper, guys! RT Great photo of & at last night's premiere of the 2011-2012 Movie Club
Naw you are okay, they are always updating stuffs and the old drivers stop working when you add certain programs.
One of my earliest memories is my dad bringing that car home. I can't swear to it, but I think my mom threatened divorce.....
RT If SOPA and PIPA goes through, that may be the end of djs putting up dj sets and mashups on the internet.
RT ": It was all a dream....used to read Word Up Magazine..." | salt n peppa. And heavy d up in da limousine
I hate arguments but I'm glad that the issue is resolved. I feel so much better.
toys r us.
buying a chain and how to bank roll the jewelry. Pop tha chain.
We're on the hunt for examples of bad journalism from Baltimore media. Seen any lately?
Obama's budget voted down 99-0 in Senate. This makes the 76er's feel better about themselves...but not much.
Marge gets a boost in her social life on tonight's episode of The Simpsons! Watch with us at 5!
"Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure." Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich
lol send it to me, i wanna test something out
RT : Nothing like getting sprayed by an elephant
NICE dude!
RT Playing the 140 with 25 bounties tonight, will also be there, come join us
Is it good then? I have no complaints thus far, then again its Ep1 so. ;)
Hi Trisha. Thanks for connecting here!
Don't forget about Rib Week starting October 10th!
how was the rodeo?
You're love never ending, You're grace never failing, redemption Is calling us home. You are making all things new
Wow nice season finale for the Wizards.
Good morning America.
A vision without a task is a dream - a task without a vision is drudgery- but a task with vision can change the world. - Black Elk
Stem is one of those albums that's gonna take time for me, but it resonated immediately. I really like many of Stef's reviews.
$CRWV out at $.065 momentum seems weak.
you're welcome ! (:
Bitch ass freshmens coming to #Utc already tryna snatch my girl if they knew wats good for them theyll leave her alone!
THeatre in a stairwell? What was the play? how did you approach lighting it?
Shabazz would get drafted top 3 in this years draft. Nasty.
okay. miranda i'm coming for you -_-
Thanx for the play!
I was wearing my lace up shirt at starbucks & had an entire conversation with the guy working about & got a free coffee :)
My friend is subletting a Bellaire Houston apt for six months. 875 sq ft, hardwood floors, w/d, walk-in closets. Message for more info.
Hey Austin!! How has your day been??<3 :)
My mom told me that I was born left-handed but then I mysteriously switched hands
icnt wait to see you fav : )
Thanks Dave, I appreciate that!
Girls confuse me...
can the song be ghetto
Oh man, Kareem is wearing aovely bowtie, and TOWERS over the other contestants. It's tremendous.
Dear School, There should be less hours of you, & more hours of sleep. Sincerely, Everyone.
I wanna do a track w you before you become too big for my upcoming ass lmao
Loving the Twitter app update for android. Blows all other Twitter apps and web version out of the water
i should probably start my homework.
Shout out to all our new followers! Tell us something crazy about you so we can start getting to know you!
SAME HERE OMAAALAWD
So glad to see that favorited my tweet about boners :)
Just saying there was a Mr Daniels on Andy Petree's hood that finished 1st all those many years ago
Love love loved it!
Taking it down early tonight. Leave me something cute please? :):D
Arizona immigration law: Another setback for Obama at Supreme Court?
Spacey lately... getting ready for releases in July, Aug, Sept and Oct. At least I know what I'll be listening to tomorrow.
Not yet!
YES I KNOW BRO WHAT ARE YOU DOING TODAY?
Girl you ain't no BARBIE, I see you work at Arby's, #2 supersize, hurry up I'm starving!
should become my friend so we can go thrift store shopping together <U+270C><U+2764>
i love love love love love winning.
Kinect software permits users to operate the Xbox Dashboard interface using voice commands and hand gestures.
Recording for the new 7" is done! We're really excited to get this out
I need some new followers... Help...
Sac emcee signs to , has two releases scheduled before June! More on this in issue #106, out March 12.
“: Dear sleep, I know we had problems when I was younger, but now I love you...”
Nice! Just found ! I'm sure many of our campers will want to attend this feast...
you are fired up over the story from Boston.com about Downtown. I bought a sub at the subway in the Corner Mall today
Nice to see that they have Coca Cola in your undisclosed location.
better hit the gym and take advantage of the extra testosterone.
This day will be great.
Hoops expert brings you the latest on the #NBAplayoffs on the show right now.
Why you wanna keep making me want you?
Well my voice came back :)
did you intentionally spell that wrong?
haha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> I don't think I could ever do that...
Knock on. USA's Nese Malifa couldn't hold on to the pill.
ohailno. WANNA FIGHT.
Nice! Solid run!
Busy, but we've got all hands on deck. Fire at will! :)
sounds good to me. I'm super flexible so anytime after 16:00ish is good.
": Is Bill Cosby still on that team? Or does he not meet the age requirement?"
Well that's the first time a bus didn't come by in 20 mins. Onto the el so I can get to the conference!
Be strong and let your heart take courage, all you who wait for and hope for and expect the Lord! Psalm 31:24
just wanna say thnks muches 2 ever1 who txted n wished 4 me 2 have a happy mothers day...*happy mothers day 2 all d proud mothers ot there**
And we wish we could feed you! Nothing wrong with a lazy Saturday morning, right? Maybe we'll see you soon?
We need to connect!
Trust the instinct
Born this way <3
Just sent it .
Is your cat from HELL? Now casting couples with an unruly cat! (Los Angeles) - email:
Which room do you mean? The Owl Bar, or one of the ballrooms?
25 minutes of editing another's work just did more to clear my head than I can imagine. Props to my little sis!
When people you don't even know hate you, that's when you know you're the best. -Paris Hilton
Compared to where I was a year ago, life is so much better now. I find myself saying that constantly
Let's go Bruins!
Congratulations on the success of your business, respecting woman of color
heard it's less likely now that we'll have damaging storms. Hope that's so.
So awesome! :)
Oh yeah? I can name 23.
Harriet Schultz speaks about her book "Legacy of the Highlands" at the Friday Local Author Series today at noon in Meeting Room 5.
Starting the day off right will make your day a whole lot easier. God Morning everybody.
I hate when teachers get mad that i had to go to the bathroom. Excuse me for having to pee
I LITERALLY SNUCK ON THE COMPUTER TO SEE YOU PERFORM. SINCE IM GROUNDED. AND IM DEAD. CUZ YOURE AMAZING. IM DYING.CANTEVEN.
We tweeted it, is there any way you can grab it from twitter.
Where have you been all my life?
Drugs lowers expectations. Thats why most bums are fine with their lifestyle
I have an ugly friend you say "Like" a photo of your Facebook and I got the announcement, "Are you sure?"
Yes'm, old friends is always best, 'less you can catch a new one that's fit to make an old one out of
Do you like snowboard all year or something? Lol
I can't DM you because you don't follow me.
#MagicMonday has been blessed and Awesome so far! :))
Not having homework or a project to do or a test to study for has made my life very free for activities lol
Moneygall sure is excited for his visit! I hope he spends a decent amount of time there.
Hehehe goodnight gonna go on a date with a beautiful Undie :)
Ours is a subfolder - /visitindiana/blog and /visitindiana/techcorner/ for my tourism/tech blog
Personally offended when my timeline won't load. okay I c.
also don't tweet and drive.
I'm working on a great scene from to do for Kendra Castleberry. I love good writing.
Today's Question: What flavor of ice cream is eaten the most?
Ryan Anderson finally finds a three!
So how is everyone's life changing because the Dow Industrials hit the 13,000 level for the first time since May of 2008?
Hair has been tried and judged innocent...now time for a week of serious work!
what are the real numbers? 17%
follow back ? Favorite sport ?
Gym time! oops typo, I mean Gin time!
I love that my connections on LinkedIn connect me with 1.6+ million professionals. Will be handy when job-hunting!
Went to lunch with Dustin and his family yesterday at the Golden Corral.
Artemus Ward~ I have given two cousins to war and I stand ready to sacrifice my wifes brother.
Thanks for the #FF !
17.I like summer Turn On:When boys dont care if u <3 1D Turn Off:Boys who think they are truly gay
Just finished an inspiring call with an international organization interested in working with our students. Exciting day at
Home from surg<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Don't fret, last week's trivia winners! Your #SUBWAY GCs are on the way. Thanks for your patience!
bulit a house up on that ass, that's a asstate!
“: "You never know if those guys could be lesbians or not." - ” -
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at the Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station, Dallas, Tx STEPHEN BRODIE
when are you free?
In the end, you'll realize you only have few true friends. But that's better than having many random friends.
We also say our customers are the smartest!
seriously needs a job to get out of here.
dang she has no swagg..
never regret anything bcuz @ 1 time it wuz exactly wat you wanted
Watching tv like a boss (:
the hotel internet would crash as I was doing an online quiz :(
i'm going to punch the next employee that gives me a strange look when i ask them for help finding a high-cut bodysuit.
Incidentally, when you type "justin," the first result is "Justin Bieber." That must be humbling-slash-humiliating.
Lookin to find wats next for me but grindin is goin to b a major part
You NEED to see movies during the baseball season, just to keep it real.
ALL IS LOST! Damn you, Long Beach State. Damn you to hell.
Can the Ravens please sign , that dude is a beast.
If people were labeled like chemicals, most would say 'Warning, Compressed Hot Air'.
Pandora ONE, well worth it!
Sorry to hear that. What type of job are you looking to land?
haha duh silly. I figured Madison was way closer than West Lafayette
So much #fuckery is going on.
Working at office late tonight.....
You know, Chuck Norris would be a shot in the dark, I bet, haha.
Guess who turns 19 in exactly one month... :) :)
me too.
Happy Monday Morning Tweeps! Got a little bit of the Memphis blues after the Clippers eliminated the Grizzlies yesterday on Beale Street.
Practicing zen product design. It will al work out.
(now if only #Fairbanks had a beach) #collegepasspromo #AlaskaRailroad #kidding!
Got a zit? Squeezing spreads bacteria and can damage the area creating a scar. Keep it simple, don't pop that pimple!
I'm getting there! Are you?
Whats good K ! I'm doing good and u?
WE ARE HAVING FUN!!
National Hugging Day was created in 1986 by Rev. Kevin Zaborney from Caro, Michigan. Strangely, this day is copyrighted!
Perspective is worth 80 IQ points.
Great piece in Forbes on energy & buildings.Can u DM me an email address? Would love to pitch you on an idea.
Tonight's the night!! 3rd annual dance fest w/ , & kicks off today. When're YOU going?
Long day tomorrow....
RT : Santorum's tendency to outperform his polling averages is statistically significant.
If different people are responsible for different sections, \include is very helpful.
It's must be your ass cause it AIN'T YOUR face I need a tip drill..cause you a tip drill...<~~~~damn I used to love that song !!!
Just watch it become Iggy's best selling ever!
#familyGuy is cracking me up
fantastic!!! spread the word to your friends to check us out!
Alright Good Night!
They should trade him to the Warriors for Kwame Brown...
Moses supposes erroneously
Back to real life I go. I'll miss you Indy.
DAMN is slow lol
RT : I have every tweet framed in a room with candles. > you need a new hobby! LOL
Just Tried #Zumba for the first time! Must practice my 1-2-3's for next week. Definitely good for an easy sweat!
Take my tweets to heart that's on you
yo that shit happens to me too. Sprint is like a turtle in a rabbit race when it comes to their plans.
Taught my daughter pig Latin today. We are driving the boys INSANE.
great day
Yep, I've been following for awhile now. When I lived in N.O., the Hornets didn't exist, so I never was a fan.
I agree! Flyers are not my favorite. I still sometimes slip Filthadelphia before Flyers here and there...
yeah, you should probably not do that anymore.
Sentence found in DC cab:“Some made ill-fitting locks like marionettes, while others clapped as if afraid their hands might seal together.”
Nuttin' like a glass of wine n good tunes yo!weGNUTTyywe
Austin made his twitter account on September 29, 2010
Today is the final day to join the Y and pay no join fee! Come in today to take part in this amazing offer!
I was not stopping you from doing anything, there's no need to be all rude, I was only telling the truth.
Check out my chemical romance's alternate version of "sing"
Thanks to all who supported our tweet regarding free tax prep in Chula Vista tomorrow! Have a great weekend!
Nice! We had a few of you guys come in for books at the semester start. What year are you? What r u majoring in?
I'm a fan of Coldplay ^ o ^
#favoriteNBAMoments my favorite team winning! :)
Forgive, son; men are men; they needs must err
Hey buddy. great tunes. I dig your style.do you have a fb page?
sending you a Beat That We Vibing on in The Studio Itt Mad.
#ThingsThatGetMePissed Unnecessary, excessive amounts of HOMEWORK. D:<
2 weeks till break
Let's see what tomorrow will brings?
UN Resolution on South Sudan & Sudan is CRAZY! They are as alike as apples and jihadist terrorists. Speak up for Justice.
Vacation please
Congrats babes ;-) Have a good one!
One unexpected thing I learned at this SAA: trains don't have cabooses anymore, because they were replaced by automated devices.
thanks! I will incorporate your suggestions very soon! Excellent!
Thanks! Spotify and iTunes are probably your best bet!
The vocal editing on this new Usher song is horrible. Stop trying to emulate
Haha. Be strong, man! RT:: Got this personalized diet sheet, now all I gotta do is follow it...
I'm so freaking sleepy this morning & I don't really feel good :(
you are the man! Brought excitement back to MKE bball.
sent you an email back. let us know man.
Music fuels me. I don't know where I'd be without it
I am honored to be your first.
When most people think of tile, they think ceramic tile, but there is a host of other products that fit into the category too.
RT : Ryan Kennedy is young cancer patient whose desire is to trend on Twitter. Let's help him!!
That tweet was too good to not be a part of the public timeline!
omg is that real?!
Oh my God, that smile why do you have it?
I can only hope for more than one distant pale blue dot that's home
I wanted to say hello to all my new friends and followers ! I hope you are having a spectacular Tuesday !
Yes. Let's touch base Sunday am and see what time works and her feeding schedule :)
She luvs the way I pull it in and out
Who wants to come help cheer on the & other marathoners this Sunday?
You inspire me!
:) have a goodnight
Piano time.
Say something cuz your all in my head<33
it's another beautiful day out Portland. come on in and grab a turkey club togo and enjoy the day!
Thanks. It was a pretty drive and the air was nice and fresh!
Starbucks is cray cray right now!
Tebow joke in the meeting. Check.
enjoy the flame.
that's always fun! (:
Mandatory Vehicular Rant: Dear car in the turning lane, please move faster so I can actually make the turning light for once! Thank you!
25 years ago this day, the world was blessed with the birth of a kind, beautiful, artistic genius.
Myspace is alive and well:)
RT "If something is not happening for you, it doesn't mean it's never going to happen. It means you're not ready for it!"
I been weed free for 3 and half years and happy I made that decision .
Actually, skype has become a verb, as in "I'll skype you later." Again, G+hangout isn't doing the verb thang.
The other most wonderful sports time of the year is September: Still OWR season, baseball pennant races & playoffs, and the NFL.
hey boo :)
hi love. How r u?
Shhh! It's not my fault if they're ill-informed.
We were all over: Williamsburg, Bushwick, Greenpoint. Good shoot!
you were right fire stuff yesterday
Happy birthday, Travis. I hope you have the perfect day today!
So tired haven't slept all night and school starts in a lil bit
Can't Be Scared Of Something Your Skeptical About
yeah!!!! And then we will have to grab lunch or something Tuesday if you're not bsuy :D
Mark Horvath telling his story #naeh12- quick take a pic he's not tweeting while he speaks ;-)
Glad to hear that...well deserved!!
Katy Perry channels Britney with #Grammy performance on a swing. Also reps next gen of pop stars to be face of
Great job Kyle. I really appreciate your post game tweets.
looking for an easy way to have work Outlook world on my iphone but easily turned off come the weekend. ideas?
Yeah, the people that buy groceries at Metca....hey...WAIT A MINUTE!!
LOL something like that
thanks! I think it looks pretty good on the tree! :)
Thank you David.. Have a wonderful weekend. :D
What team do you want to win the Super Bowl? Do you have a favorite team?
#gcyale : We lost the debate on whether to censor. The only question now is "how?" We should be open about it.
girl in one weekend i witnessed an extreme amount of hate... Drama..lmao! Like no smiles.. I was like why does everyone
Woke up this morning with a crazy sore throat. I just want to sleep all day. I'm still in a bad mood too -_-
RT ~ To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
Lacrosse 101 to educate parents on kids on the sport of lacrosse, Wednesday, 3:30 at 1379, 2727 Exposition Blvd, right by Starbucks.
Ah, Muir Woods is one of my favoritest places in the world.
Yes, definitely! And it doesn't help when others assume a small, narrow range of possible goals
Ayy, just throw it in the bag .
I've got high aspirations for this summer. Things have been put into motion earlier tonight. It's all bound to lead to something good.
Most of the time lately I catch myself daydreaming that Willy Wonka takes over Henry Paulsen's role. Why? Why do I think Wonka could fix it?
Workin the beat girl!!
S&P downgraded the United States credit rating to AA for the first time ever. What an exclamation point to a volatile week!!
And I, I will always live you, you ...
I will keep my feelings bottled up. Just to see who cares to unscrew the cap.
I have a couple of ideas in the cut. I've been holding back some songs because I need a singer with a good work ethic
HAPPY THURSDAY FRIENDS!!!
OK Hootsuite, I only have ONE FREAKING ACCOUNT attached. It is Twitter. STOP ASKING ME TO CHOOSE A PROFILE BEFORE YOU POST MY TWEETS! Got it
#KaraokeNight is in full swing come on by we will be here until 11pm!!!!
Overcast weather won't stop our sunny vibes-- just 2 hours until the Grand Opening ceremony for Las Margaritas Apts!
Keith, start a website that FOLLOWS propaganda in this country. FollowTheLie.com or something
memorizing the prologue to Romeo and Juliette to present in front of the class tomorrow..
Oh Man I need a smiley of Boozers face in reaction to that last play
Yo You wanna Go Get em Now Al?
Hey #Albuquerque, dine with us tonight (and next Thurs) and participate in our free wine sampling starting at 6pm. Cheers!
Any woman i deal with has to understand that at any given moment I can be a full time dad..she has to be ready to deal with that. Can she?
Ms. Pickett is really misguided and uninformed - certainly not prepared for #uppers level of discourse
trying to figure out how to get rid of someone, who will just not leave.... Oyyy FML
Stop in for our Crab Cake Torta! Served on Burillo Bread and topped w our Mexican slaw and COA mayo! See you soon!
: I forget stat i read couple of years ago, i believe >50% still blighted DT
Today in 1984, What's Love Got to Do With It (Tina Turner) was a hit.
we miss you in big leagues!!! your passion and intensity was unmatched by anyone!!! you'll be back for years to come! :)
faulty plumbing is the worst
in #Portland caters to a multitude of high-end car enthusiasts, making us a force in this competitive market.
PRETTY LITTLE LIARS
Forgot the power cord for my laptop. May have a nervous breakdown in 3...2...1...
This video is RIDICULOUS
RT : NO BUCK $HOW w/ + Boy Blue at Turner Hall TONIGHT! FREE FREE until show
My husband is so handy! And I totally mean in the handyman way! Ok, innuendo, too. Why not?
travesty that the sequel lacked the Rock and also that it wasn't called "Walking Tall 2: Walking Taller"
Recently made the transition from OSX to Wish there was more production quality imaging software. Otherwise its awesome!
Well deserved standing O for @ #ounceluncheon - moving speech on the need for equity in education, ensure there are no "others"
RT Play for a chance to win 1 of 3 Microsoft LifeCams
I'm a fan of Frank's website, he's a nice gentleman as well.
NEEDS to be on the next TCA! He's really amazing!! :) & TCABoy xoxo - Justine.
so far soo good :-)
good looks jennie, its a great feeling. Tomorrow should be a glorious day. Intending to wear all white, head to toe. Fly or die
Without and life would be so sad #bestfriends #loveyouall <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><U+270C><U+270C>
Finally got to try some delicious Kansas City BBQ. My trip is now complete.
Yeah, it means spring training is almost here, I'm like yhe Groundhog of baseball.
sounds like my schedule
Pretty sure I have the pandora station personally set to, "rage my face off". Best ever.
Congrats 2 Washington Math&Science Boys BB Team - 1st Round Winner in the Washington Charter School Ath. Assoc. Tourn. - DC Youth Rock!
Only 4 People In My Class -_______- ......
RPS Libraries have awesome Romantic Comedy Displays at all of our centers! Come visit and check out something that will make you smile :)
Wanna know who's a bigger dirtbag than Bill Maher? Try swingin' a dead cat Michelle. (You work for Fox. Remember?)
A game 7 is one of the most exciting events in sports. We have complete coverage of the Bruins on 7News at 5:30.
Awesome interview with Chris from FLASH POINT COMMUNICATIONS ---- STOKED for Gimme the Gig II
Or, as my Polish husband put it: "Dis make me not wonna watch next season. Bullsheet."
lololo, I do too(: And then I prolly can't stop laughing.
Sociology final, over and done with. We'll let your Chem, Anthro, and SciFi finals know you're coming for them.
In my day, we'd watch our subpar SP go up against their Cy Young winner -- who pitched for us the prev. year.
I love road trips! Check out the St. Louis Museum of Art and the City Museum across town, a repurposed factory.
Drivers, laugh all you want at my ugly Leaf. It just blew past you at 80mph and cost me $5 a week in fuel.
Franois Auguste Ren Rodin~ Nobody does good to man with impunity.
Looking for some examples of photo & video galleries for high volume in web. Any suggestions?
so says 's Facebook page.
We look forward to meeting you whenever you come to play at No Shame!
my thoughts about jason petrie and the whole drose thing, he too does not understand how hashtags work.
I miss watching play basketball.
Where is digitalkidscon?
AT&T UVERSE CUSTOMERS please Contact The Hallmark Channel and request their Network back on your cable provider
Gleaming the Boner
Now we find out if the Zebras are gunna screw us
I never use consumer, only customer if being generic. More words to endorse better habits = xclnt challenge.
Rise & Grind! But first, going to get this workout in with the beasts themselves! #
Can't wait for tonight! I'll try to live tweet, but I may be too overwhelmed with pleasure
follow 4 follow? if not sorry! Free promotion site on my profile if u need hits to your likes, follows, +1, views
made the jumbotron
Food fact of the Day: March 8th, 1923 The Coca Cola 6 bottle carton was introduced.
oops Sorry....guess I shouldn't tell the world what I had for breakfast then <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I am a college graduate!!!!
You're annoying (:
WKU, Murray St, and UofL, all won their conference now it's time for UK.
AH the pilot of House!
oi, now i know what shark bate feels like
ain't that the truth. my head *still* hurts.
Just call me
I'm going to get Taraji's coif from Think Like a Man on Friday!
looking foward to this test in my biology class getting ready fo class shi my ankle hurts
According to sources, the Wallflowers have announced a new album, coming out in the Fall. They should title it: Two [Working] Taillights.
I've never seen the sky so blue.
Cinema4D Real good program I'd reccomend it
Can't access my college magazine's story on transgendered people on Google Docs. Error message says it violated #Google's TOS.
awesome! looking forward to it.
That is beautiful. Where is it?
"I just lost my balls! I'm gonna use that if you don't mind..." LOL
do it
#OnceUponATime I had a dream.. It was horribly crushed when I backed over it with my
We are now announcing the raffle winners! YAY! If you hear your name head for the Raffle Table!
is giving us not 1 but 2 Police songs in a row!
Night jog
Thanks Kati! I hope that you have a great weekend!
Why care about a 7 who is messing with 2s in the city of 10's?
What's your favorite SnapCut video you've seen or made? Share it with us!
idk who to trust anymore. he lied, yes thats true, but everybody lies now and again, but how much of it was a lie?
Had so much fun tonight for mixer! Excellent networking opportunity. Excited to build new relationships.
me too
you know my first real interaction w/ Matt? He shushed me & told me I was too loud at Borders. ;) He is too quiet
If we were to cover ANY song, what one would you choose? The gayer the better!
now can i get a follow sir?
A stitch in time would have confused Einstein.
People better learn to appreciate who they have in their life because other's are always looking to upgrade!!!!
-> I wonder if a 1.5 second appearance hits the requirements to make the IMDB site
Stout is coming to Studio City!
I love the guys response to the cops: "It's only like 20 yards" hahahah
No prob ! Thank you!
You might think it's a good idea to hairspray your eyebrows, I'm here to tell you it's not.
People work if the wages justify the labor and there are folks who'd work in those harvests, if there is dignity and fair wages
do u have a relationship with him or sumthing im sending this to people magazine
All of your decisions in life are based upon your foundation - John Di Lemme
Relaxing with an Argentina Cab.
yo thnks for the follow! Help promote?
hahahaha whoops! I forgot
I'm not a fake person who talks smack online I say it to the face and I dont care!I said I can sometimes be sour read my info!
listening to stan getz this morning on pandora's 'cool jazz.' somehow, i feel significantly less stressed than i did before i put this on.
can I have your metabolism, please?
Thanks for the feedback. Glad the adventurers are still getting after it though. Can't lose those folks.
ha! it's a great movie and I know a lot of guys who like it! I love love love the song with this scene ;)
Yet, North Korea continues to exist with people who suffer almost unimaginable material deprivation, far worse than mideast Why?
Frasier and Scrabble. Can it get much better?
Religion is doing what you are told no matter what is right
As a #Redlegs fan I can never ever ever want the St. Louis redbirds to win!
I don't joke about Justin >.>
We've got a full-size four-poster King bed with a canopy, if anyone wants to come help us use it. :-)
So pissed off that my HAIR just got patted down by #TSA...what would be hiding in my hair
I havent tweet for a while .
Annually, public library systems coordinate sharing of 9 million items between WI public libraries to serve residents efficiently! DPI stats
how long are you going to be in Vegas?
they have like 160 different types on beers. And if it didn't cost me an arm and a leg I so would.
who has jumper cables ? i'm stuck in the parking lot <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Thanks Amalia! Hope you and Brandon are well! :) Have a fun weekend.
So Kiko Is Humping Her Doll <__<
Know an awesome Interactive Creative person who needs a raise? Creative Group has several positions I'd like to interview you or your frien…
Being an adult is biting your tongue to avoid the domino effect. Also called picking battles. Also called letting friends fight their own.
Another viewpoint RT : Let's get one thing straight: these people aren't 'protesting', they are thieving and destroying.
Thanks to all our NEW followers ! We appreciate your support of our business venture! Like us on www.fanmailshop.com
Time to work the bar for the first time in a couple of weeks. I'm closing so come visit.
in you two. Not here. Not like this. That's what DM's and private messages are for.
- So GREAT to hear about your Dove nomination! Keep on singing!!!
“: Hospitality, Fashion, Art, Entertainment.. Industries unites tonite Sundays as The Chicago Industy Alliance!!”
Check out the Twitter page -- it's like one long autoresponder. Is there a REAL HUMAN in there somewhere?
is opening at 4 today! Come sit at the bar and keep me company!
We're raring to go for this weekend's 42nd Annual Music Festival at Sandy Lake Amusement Park! Come out at lunchtime Saturday and support YG
maybe we can kiss in the rain tomorrow
Humane society provides program to help pet owners - Altavista
yep, my weekend traffic is negligible. Always felt when I push Friday afternoon posts they don't get attention they might otherwise
Leaders can foster camaraderie by supporting employees' grassroots efforts
RT if you picked up a sperantsa hat today downtown!
got it don't worry ur on my agenda. Just am in and out of meetings today!
First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-
Omg. 2day is so hot outside.
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions....I'll still be the same ol ME, but, just RICHER !
Love my Jayhawks. No shame in one heck of a season!!
RT : if any of your followers want to win baby gear from our client look at their Facebook for...
The Big Bang Cheeseburger + Fries for only $8! GENIUS! Come try it for yourself & check out #TheBigBangTheory on TBS tonight at 10/9c!
So both LA hoop teams made it to the second round. Damn, I might have to retire my Clipper jokes if they keep this up.
Girl Scout cookie orders arrive here today. My order of 8 boxes might be a little excessive.
yes i did! she had a pretty clear vision of what she wanted too, which was great
Don't do that
wait you gotta follow Me first lolol ;l
Thatd b cool if they still played winnie the pooh on tv:o
« Hey bestie, how is my greatest inspiration these days?» amazingly blessed :)
I AM SO IN LOVE WITH YOU CHARLES
I lust that show the girl is hot like u!? :)
I just signed up on twitter and all I see is dtraink?
#AMovieToDescribeMyEx "Baby Boy"
I hope it doesn't rain at the beach !!!!
Come visit us in Nash!
thats weird. now u gon have me thinking bout u wen i drink grape juice..
Writing sweet, sweet melodies.....
Mom called me a 'skinny jerk' this morning......thanks mom
Save money and schedule both spring and fall swamp cooler services at once. Albuquerque call 719-217-8546
San Diego show @ Soma this Saturday w/ The Higher! Show starts at 7pm and tickets are $10. Come support FTA!!!
final test today :)
Again?! You're like one of those people who win all the radio contests! ;-) MRT CONGRATS Winners of small McCafe
Our family is going 2 do the Tebow pose 4 our Christmas Family Picture. Lol
3 more days till reality tv star Domenico Necci from MTV will be shootin his new show insideMcfaddens for his birthday bash
and I am so embarrassed about that marriage. My bad.
I just wish it was a whole show of his work… one can dream!
"Losing is more personal when you own the team," said my son sagely after the GB #Packers loss on the heels of his stock purchase.
Thanks for the DM. I love your band!
you are most welcome!
Run or walk??? RT : Gas station run time..
lol to many hot dogs. And it's good! I love it. And Chickfila???
I do have peace about it though because I know my purpose! Which is to serve others and God supports that!
current word count? 0/50,000. I have no creativity right now. Is it ok to continue a previously started novel?
Teaching Zumba tonight at Edgewater Athletic Club!! First Zumba class in Chicago since moving here in July....eek!
Thank you!
I liked it a lot! She knows how to put on a show.
John Baptiste DuSable is more like it...RT James Hardens beard got like a John the Baptist vibe to it...
Patron wanted to use the stapler.
Everybody in my row just said "Oh no" all at once.
I got you!
I'm ona boat
'member when u used to wait in line? Now its just ebay RT : “: Gold Life Signing with tonight 6-8pm!
thank you sir! You're a gentleman and a scholar! And have impeccable taste!
That's what makes it great. It's only 1 game, and then anything can happen in game 7. I am going to try & go to that game too
Hope is wishing something would happen. Faith is believing something will happen. Courage is making something happen
Astonishing. Besides the row of port-a-potties, no evidence that there were thousands of people in the park this morning.Good job, Denver.
Congrats to Rosalind Gates, Detroit Cass Tech Class of 1980, named new CEO of Sam's Club
I am seriously disappointed in ALL of my family (minus mom, dad, brother, my two grandmas, and grandpa).
Just booked my first official gigs bitches!!!
Looking forward to my first rehearsal tonight of "The Vagina Monologues"!
...same or similar in style. "Subtitles" can vary in color and font, but aren't to accessibility standards
Fuck the Giants !
HEYY! Longtime no talk. Good Morning, Congrats all that good stuff lol
My Sundance sweatshirt is vintage, meaning, I've never even been to Sundance yet. Nevertheless, I get mad respect when I wear it in public.
Couple more hours of work then off for the next two days, I can't wait
Hah, it was ok. Back at you chief
i think the flash was a joke or car explation or some sort of bomb or someone lighting of fireworks or UFO.
: omg!!! You found me on twitter!! :D lol shanks
Watching on cause I'm awsome
leveling up on yall
Thanks for the shout out, Justo. Love your stuff.
That bowlin last night got me feelin like a old ass man today
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs Ben is injured and there is no telling what will happen if the broncos get to him
that's a eggplant
NOW! yes bring da bored! and i l<3ve you too :)
what's a little alcohol poisonin? what's a little fight tomorrow you'll be boys again!
hang in there:)!
AH BY BRITHDAY IS NEXT WEEK :) I CANT WAIT :)
rot! The outfit, the hair, the whole thing is weird!
love the Not Just The Best of The Larry Sanders Show, money well spent
#FF #HYFR u better follow my boys... all of em put in
Is it football season yet? RT : That's right!
Have you received your FREE 30 minute session with FLO FUSION FITNESS??? Call us TODAY!!!!!
#Shoutout to :D everyone follow!!!!!!!
I feel bad not going to the game tonight, but then I don't.
Here left to say, it's true God gave me you.
This class<<<
line 7 is a set comprehension so data is an iterable, not a string
We needed that win!!!!! Big game! Welcome to NY.
Heading to Long Beach in a few to pick up my Poppa!
Once I pin down one more Viognier this week - we will rock this #viognier tasting at MissWineOH HQ. Who wants in?
with a passion!
Great book talk today Thanks to everyone who came!
4. Achieving routine whole genome sequencing, for $1,000 or less - Dr. Green,
Merry Christmas.
you still owe me a dockyard partnership beer!
love what you do for Detroit! keep up the incredible work in supporting entrepreneurship in the D!
People let other people have a chance to get to Madison. Gosh.
<33 Can I Please get A Hello Gorgeous? or I Love You Brianna?(: Please Make my Dream Come True! I Love You So Much :/
Hard to celebrate the little victories when you want it all!
Haha. How many responses did you get?
thank you! hope you're doing well :)
If you are attending the Textiles Show in Istanbul, be sure to listen to Mujde Abdis present seasonal trends!
That is something we would appreciate knowing also. Thanks
haha ik!!:) I text u but someone doesn't answer!
Getting ready for The Blonds spring 2012 show.
hey Kim what's up
Minnetonka moves onto the semifinals. Defeating Eagan by a score of 4-1.
I don't think it's safe to have him over anymore lol.
Melo with braids > Melo without braids...
Thanks for the welcome! You have a nice week too!
Oh and I've got a single/album cover shoot tomorrow(: its an all day thing. but it's gonna be good
Anyone an expert in monetary policy??
really!? wow I wish I was in new york!
Miss my love.
Seski remind friends to send birthday pic to !
RT: Don't look like I'm going to sleep no time soon <~~~ you & me both girl :/
I like you. So best of luck and congrats. But I'm levels of angry at them. :/
“: follow back” a pls would of been nice but ii am
You drive your own car in your own lane, and I love it.
Goodnight Jess :-) It's been very nice chatting with you tonight! Sleep well and have wonderful dreams! Xoxo
agree honey!!! Hope all is well!
I wish I were going cause the line up is pretty good. They got me with Nas lol
My daughter just got into her first play at Liberty University. We are so proud of her!!
Great reporting on political ads. However, isn't the problem broadcasters accepting these ridiculous ads in the 1st place???
#DaylightSavings: proof that it only takes one hour to totally mess me up.
It is unfortunate that we seek approval from the very people in constant critique of us. Neither understanding our thoughts or motivations
Ha! Thanks, a friend made it for me. I thought it was pretty cool.
AH! It's almost Christmas, need a quick eye brow wax!? GIVE US A CALL, SPOTS ARE OPEN FOR TOMORROW 3-7 PM!
full disclosure - it was at the new Hideaway in OKC (Memorial & MacArthur). Not the same, but still very good.
oh man! I hated working there. But I'm sure you'll like it. I like the Vette we have. Digital dash and shit.
Hey all! My friend just joined Twitter. Say hi and give her a follow. cc:
Movie Review: American Reunion Bakes Up That Familiar Pie Humor Review in a Hurry: Jim, Michelle, and the rest of the Class of 1999 retur
RT if you are looking forward to #NZWineDay on February 5th at Kenmore Live Studio! Mark your calendars.
are you still here?
..to the programmer and frankly I think they find self-proclaimed "ideas" people kind of annoying. Code can be intellectual work too!
Most sheet music ain't worth the paper it's printed on.
Just pushed the send button on my email, turning down an offer.
George Arnold~ The living need charity more than the dead.
Do some Neil Peart drum covers! :P
why isn't the apple site working?!
Done. That's make me 99674. Good luck and happy St. Pat's day!
Mostly a pain in your ass! Thanks for putting up with me for the last 7 years. I love you
also thinking Hartford! Maybe for the half!
There's a woman here who does "on my last leg". She only has one leg.
you were already invited! Make it happen soon!
just had a frozen hot chocolate.....i like it.
#FF Follow this marvelous girl! so fabulous!
do you remember the girl who lifted her shirt in seattle tacom? What was your reaction???!
#FreshBoyBand seriously has the sexiest voices
Would you resign Blanton?
Lmfao is this kid for real!!? omg.. Too funny
Regarding Seau's death, seems there's some circumstantial evidence suggesting brain injury but we don't know for sure.
Ok ill check it out. Thanx :) are you releasing an EP or album anytime soon?
If you're trying to sell at the Jamboree you need to email us.
-..um ..psshh what do you know about that son ....
Listening to some biddy say due to the fact her country pays everyone a good salary she doesn't understand tips. I get paid $2.30 an hour...
Both are available, although I am booking shoots, so mornings are best, say 11:00.
I dont remember anyone helpin me out when i was starvin, now i got cake, u bitches wanna hold something, nigga ill let u hold a hollowtip!
I hope it come
Really enjoyed the webcast with 16th cannot come fast enough.
ah that sucks. Sorry/:
“: Today is 50th anniversary. Wilt avg 50.4 PPG that season. Oscar Robertson averaged a triple-double.” which is more impressive?
Did you do a whirlwind tour/twitterview? curious about your experience.
Save some money on a nice dinner through www.crowdclick.com - 50% off at Tulip Mediterranean Restaurant!
Good job team
Yes sir!! RT : He's alive! Time to party <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
if the LORD chooses me to be the mother of Jesus's 2nd coming I WILL pee my pants omg I'll be so FUCKING psyched! Sorry God! :)
2nd game this week. Guess I'm a real fan now.
Adele taking 5 years off from singing to focus on love?! Will this be a happily ever after?! Tweet ya later!!
Lol better than writing a research paper.
Be our 400th follower and win an ice-cold PBR t-shirt.
State Rep Jason Isaac is moderating today's debate.
All around the country
Just a quick jaunt to Miami, nbd.
Are you serious!? RT : Just got a black eye from the hail
People wear beats like necklace more than headphones
There's always two sides to every story.
The chart has only criminal laws. Did you also put together common law/civil chart? e.g., Capitol Records v. Naxos in NY?
So happy Quinn (Dianna Agron) is okay!! just had her on air..
Check out MiniBük samples at #NSAUN exhibitor: Blooming Twig Books. An esteemed MiniBük Value Added Reseller! See new book too!
that's cool! I think I have to go back to the store!!!
yup so you gone add me
Great photography skills!
after reading the grand jury testimony it's hard 2 argue with u. In addition to the evil acts there were gross acts of omission
Yes, that is why my swine-loving family is celebrating mom's day there next month.
Thanks Jen! :) But you are too!!!
So addicted to #skyrim. Will I ever paint again?!
The number of contributors to issue 6 is about to quadruple. Keep sending your beautiful art, beautiful people.
Too broke to buy the Washed Out album today. I hate waiting.
RT : Congratulations! Your JustCoz page has been activated. You can start recruiting supporters!
Drink because you are happy, but never because you are miserable. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
Just finished watching SPAWN, the CGI sucks ass... I thought it was the shxt when I was a jit tho. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I'm up earlier actually but don't hop on the webs till a bit later ;)
Dani wants to know what the medication is and how she can get herself a prescription for it...
cause baby tonight, the DJ's got us falling in love again.
#ColorMeBlack in full swing
Had a fun morning today in #Queens beautiful weather to get out on meadow lake, lookin 4ward to the next class!
Dorothee Solle~ If my hands are fully occupied in holding on to something I can neither give nor receive.
Our Visitors Center will be open for Spring Trolley Shopping on March 31st!
I'm on my patio with a winter lager!
oh is that all :) every day, I long to worship
I hate when I have to confirm my email to sign up for something.
Yes, thus makes total sense. Underpaying. Yeah.
Its cool RT : i misread drews tweet about money wooops
Sorry. I can't find your DM. Please try again...
thnx! I will have to look this up on Hulu tonight
That awkward moment when you confuse your friend by saying jklo or jmo .. #TheICONicThings -
God damnit. I fucked up my mustache while i was shaving....i look like Hitler now. Ima just shave the whole thing off now lol
the show was asdfghjkl AMAZING<3 & Dave & Buster's was so fun! :D
Where can I get a decent bike for a decent price
Mmoss just played the shortest opening set I've seen in a long time
RIP, Whitney Houston. An icon that sang about the "Greatest Love of ALL". Remember that tonight. Sad and too soon for her to go.
Hehe alright :) You're welcome and well I was already awake by then but thank you ^^ love you most xo
Question: Do we have wi-fi in the room? Answer: Yes, in all #scms12 conferencence rooms and most public spaces. See you there.
Ok, time to start The Hunger Games on my lunch break. Woot. Time to join popular culture.
come get me from school
If today is a day you honor, honor the reason everyday, If u visit a church don't make it ur once a year quota....
Uh NO!
Last week of March Madness. Are you close to your 25 classes?
#FF hope you are having a GREAT week!
This game being fixed seems so much more plausible than someone being this bad at their jobs.
did i tag you?...no
Happy Monday, ! Glad 2 have you following. Be sure 2 check out for the latest in all things mktg, adv, PR and design.
If it doesn't grow walk or swim, don't eat it.
Ok So OMG Girlz new Song Got Me Jammin This Morning Lol "Where Them Boys At, Where Them Boys At" lol
Jets back up is better than the starter now marks gonna get his feelins hurt when that crowds starts chantin tebow. tuffin up
Bar top quote of the night "People will not look forward to posterity who never look backward to their ancestors" EB (sup )
I think the performance group is looking for publicity in all the wrong places
Thanks for ALL the printed collateral for #BabyBashBling! I appreciate your #professionalism #creativeness #graphicvision!
Leaving wifi...bye!
Anybody at #TEDxWDC want to "independently organize" a way to support the Treyvon Martin rally at 2pm? Wish I could be in 2 places @ once...
I love catching people in the middle of lies! Hehehe;)
Sorry I didn't get to say bye, but I'll be back in DC in a few weeks...maybe we'll be co-workers? ;)
u mean the song?
my elbow KILLS dude .
stand up mixers & accessories make a gal feel invincible!
I love you and all but sit yo ass down! Lmfao
join us March 5 for our Reno bus trip. There will be drinks, food, and plenty of fun! Above all, your $$$ benefits our program. Stay tuned!
They will have that cake!!
Yeah, it feels baller, but it's already half empty.
"#Magic is believing in yourself, if you can do that, you can make anything happen." Goethe #quote #believe #create #success #write #art RT
Another two and a half hours. This is crap
yeah late night practicing!
that pumkin pie turned into more of a pumpkin soup in a very thin bread bowl...bummer
Blonde Joke Competition tonight hosted by getting us ready for #sundayfunday and
I will praise the Lord as long as I live; I will sing praises to my God while I have my being. #Psalm 146:2
i'll never let you go..<U+266A>
The persistent buildup of acids causes acidosis which is responsible for bone loss, imflammation, premature aging and more.
Oh wow!! I've never felt one!
At the library!! I ain't gonna lie, I havent been here in years <U+E414>
:) how are you?
Thank you for letting us help! RT : Big thanks to for raising money for a great cause!!!!
just heard nba about $100 million apart based on last years revenues
whaaaaaaats going on
#Derek #Jeter to test market
I wish cancer got cancer and died.
#Everton keen on bringing #Beckham back to EPL
#Question Who is your favorite Ray?
East nashville underground tonight! 607 s 12th
Last week of summer vacation :(
What happened to you guys on Friday? No email to let me know u weren't coming? Thought u were pumped for #Hot100 ?!!
Rookie Of The Year/Backseat Goodbye at The Rochester American Legion Hall tonight! 8pm $10
I'm on a mission man
Pfizer Animal Health Names Dr. Christine Jenkins as Group Director, U.S. Veterinary Medical Services
We have a real problem in the country. It's called the Republican Party.
I hate when you wanna do things that I don't want to .
Personalize your Wristbands at NYC Printing 123. You can Customize your wristband using our Paper Tyvek, Silicone, and Vinyl. Call now...
Did you hack with us this weekend? Let's see a tweet from all of you!
Madonna said it best in Human Nature - "I'm not your bitch don't hang your shit on me."
I'm over my cube. #goodriddance .
also, did you see my celtics come thru in the clutch? yeah. that's right.
How do you know they don't?
No...The Bulldog owns me :)
strode barefoot down the road strewn with the debris of broken glass hearts.
Like umm Wesabi but about menses not money!
Why does it give me anxiety when my truck is a mess? Is anyone else like this??
what did she do ?
lol. fox, cnn 'confused' by democratic votes for santorum. fun watching the despots of disinformation gag on someone else's subterfuge.
And so it begins...
THIS “: I should drive a Chevy because it will survive the apocalypse and a Ford won't? One word, Chevy: Bailout.”
This is my tweet complaining about Blake Griffin flopping. That is all.
Thanks for hosting #smreboot! Nice chance to put faces to names. Thanks for participating. Helpful ideas.
im fallin' fast, but the truth is im not scared at all <3
It grinds my gears when someone is like tell me the truth and then gets mad when someone tells them the truth. Lol
lol are u serious !! I'm still a beast on the court .. Idk but I want to
Vogel can't keep going to his bench in playoffs like he did in season. Has to lean more on starters. Bench just not that good.
Librarians like all Americans need to get on board to cut spending. Find better ways to do things, not more expensive ones.
When all else fails... try smiling!
.: I'm amazed there aren't more art critics w/ blogs. has a big platform on FB, but where are the rest?
Rdm fact- NM's fav food item is spelled CHILE and in '83, Sen. Pete Dominici made it official by putting it in Congressional Records.
God has really put something on my heart today ! Thinking about starting my own movement/ organization #stop bullying
' may I barrow it for tomorrow?
I was listening to Elton John, but I might have to pull out the big guns to survive the day. I need to turn this day around.
Randomly smile, it makes people wonder what your thinking...
Attending college doesn't guarantee you a job... You have to network for yourself & showcase what you gained from your education.
I WILL NEVER APOLOGIZE FOR WHO I AM!
stay tuned
Apparently Noel's on there too. The true Oasis talent.
What's the Boot Camp? And can you help get a #LNYHBT tee?
Is this going to be a new contest?
Good morning all!! Saturday!!!
Next thing you know, Gary Neal will be wearing a Reinforcement on his head.
is looking for 3 people to review restaurants/bars, movies/music, and concerts for a new segment on our radio show.
its so weird planking cause me and my friend do it all the time we plank on mailboxes cars houses anything we can think lol
This game gets so competitive !!!
I think females should start talking as much shit as these niggas do .
Wikipedia is "right" more than you give it credit.
twitter party, leggo
Has anyone come across studies on the Ryan Gosling memes, including publications or conference presentations? cc
Marigold, my love you've had too much to drink.
i also sent you the jpeg artwork link for precise single "it's on me" check your gmail inbox.
Starting to get jealous of my crew at #SXSW this year. Stagger through Austin for me, guys. :)
oh wow. Didn't even know you were in town! Travel safe!
Of course! is the HUGE story.
On a regular day I am me....
Real talk: What's w/ all the dick drawings on green room walls? Not offended, just never personally had the urge to draw a dick on anything.
Mark Belling says, "they don't hate us because we're bombing them", seriously? What planet is this guy from?
I said God teach me your ways he said i did its called the bible nigga lol
at an interview today justin said "suck my dick" YOU DON'T EVEN HAVE TO ASK BBY.
Great show!
haha don't worry, me too
Isn't Wisconsin a province of Southern Canada?
No worries, if you don't call your customers, your competitors will ;-)
YOU FOLLOW ME ? WHY I UNFOLLOW YOU IF YOU NO FOLLOW ME
ur welcome bro!...if you want you can add me on facebook...Steven Evans
For our business, LinkedIn sends us way more traffic than any other social network.
TWILIGHT NOV. 18TH BITCHES!!!! FUCK YEAH!!!! TEAM JACOB! :-D
I hit a lull with my car. Nothing happened.
Is Juxta easy or hard to use?
Next up: Amanda French's Plenary Address
When i see 8th graders who still dont know the difference between 'your' & 'you're'
After close inspection, I had a sizable chunk of glass in my heel. After 30 min of tweezing, I have less skin, no less glass, a dull throb.
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW !!(:
your kidding me right?.....-_-
Sweet find!! Thanks for the heads up! <3
Rough day, an episode of shark tank will help the batteries recharge
u from philly?
im great how are you?
Thanks for the FF!
when ur gonna have a Sweet 15 and u want to be their but u know that that will never happen but it cool :')'
We need more positive black men in this world.
why thank you Sir Ian *smile*
Retrain Tip: Learn to work smarter during exercise by understanding ur body over time. "In youth we learn, in age we understand"
lets go to the strip club !!!
I love that I packed away my back-up external harddrive so good, I don't know wtf I put it. Smh
seriously. save yourself the masturbatory tweets.
Yep, pretty weak though at our house RT : 5.6 magnitude earthquake felt in #midmissouri. Did you feel it?
Happy birthday
Watched another YouTube video. People upload stuff there all the time. If I leave it will just keep happening. I have to be kind to myself.
I was sober 54 minutes ago
Welcome to the stream. cc
#AutoRepair Car Service in Chicago
if you can afford to go across state lines....how out of touch is he?
2 monitor ur consumption of one med in it bc people were makin speed w it, gov can keep track by ur id of how much u use
we bought that BRAND NEW! ugghh
Good morning everyone! Be productive today!
Just got my blanket out of the drier, it's so warm ^-^
False! Purposely being late for a date is silly and immature IMO.
This nigga bout to make me Flash on him....Def not the 1 to play with right now
What happens in survivor pool if game ends in a tie? Only three and a half minutes left...
I know what you mean!
local video director is supposedly doing his video! His track is pretty nice! If all the I's and T's crossed!
#20thingsaboutme ; if a guy has a sexy truck, or he plays baseball / football I think that instantly make them 9282772 times hotter.
I love my mom because she is the best! She loves me no matter what, even when I get in trouble at school! She rocks!
of Breed, Fasmode Alumni is teaching the Fasmode workshop in SFV area 8pm!
This shit right here nigga.... #KattWilliams This that death
Where's Saruh?
i have an outlet mall by my house that has over 100 designer brand stores :)
Google considering "nuclear option" to stop SOPA; will fire actual Google-brand open-source ICBMs at capitol bldg in DC
Clay, what's up! I was there with other people actually, and they were getting there grub on. I will let them know
Just saw this for you creators Sr. Creative Director #Medford #OR (no telecommuting) sent out via $130K! Ping lydia 4more^ME
RT if you are on your way to see #EltonJohn tonight!
in n out for lunch
Thank u soo much for following (:
Pearl Bailey singer/actor on stage/screen was born 29 March 1918 & performed with Nat King Cole Cab Calloway & received Tony for HELLO DOLLY
Caltrans says greater than expected damage to a drain pipe forced Sunday's all day closure on Hwy 78. Story soon
When I drive by a student driver, I'm not being an asshole by honking & cutting them off. I'm just giving them a real life asshole scenario.
I shall adopt new views as fast as they shall appear to be true views. -Abraham Lincoln
I guess church is the new spot to get girls #at-church time to GO
I ddnt change. I just got tired of the bullshit.
This ish is crazy don't ever remember feeling like this dam you
The world is waiting to hear your ideas!!!! #JustDoIt ;)
RT : haters love to talk u down when bitches bring u up!!!
fuck Sandy! She gives Texas a bad name
True "strength" is passing on the bread...
Hope you guys got our message. If in Buffalo on Friday, invite for is indeed on the table!
That would certainly liven things up.
i'm bored lol
When I grow up, I wanna be a good dad, just like my dad. Love u pops. Thanks for making me the man I am today, I am truly blessed.
Stains on the carpet and stains on the memory You with photographs pictues of trickery
- such a poet..hahahaha
i miss you to :c
After handing out the suggestions, his teachers were very grateful. Always keep it postive and highlight strenghts.
Just heard a preview of new #music ! Be ready for this!
Im Coming to you Los Angeles Sooner than you think so prepare for outrageously fanatsic TALENT!!!!! =D
saw your video! Great job!
Free presentation by Dr. David Willis on the Behavioral Health Screen is filling quickly! Oct. 12 - RSVP to
>>ha! He's eating burritos watching me eat asparagus!! Lol
Dollywood? No wait, that's a coon's ear.....
follow they will promo yhu =] and they #followback #teamfollowback !!!!
Kentucky #derby - I'll have another - memories of grandad's gift - a colt named Tag A Long
Their the best!
Yes. Great dogs. I had Banh Mi Dog and split a Kimchi Dog with Matt Conrad. Duck fat fries too. Will go back.
*tiger roars* hello! :) RT : You can always hide in the traffic cave with me. :) cc:
I'm open-minded what did you have in mind ?
im like so tired. >.<
Thanks to ALL who participated in making the 2010 Forum so great. See you in St Louis!
What are your weekend plans #Indy?
#21CRadio A3 Sometimes I think big videoscreens onstage are more distracting than cool. Just because you can do it doesn't mean you should.
can your beautiful voice beautifully follow me..if that makes sense?
U whipped like cream on a Sunday
that was what he wrote to me mom. I will change it as soon as I get access to my computer again as I am not home. :-)
dm Do you really shower in one? Lol
“: you need a guidance counselor.. Or some other form of psychological help” honestly
Weird that Golden Corral has it? or is flowing chocolate weird to you? :-)
#TalentDividend, I am geared UP to talk to all of you! In just a few minutes!
Lundquist is on fire.
RT : "I look forward to the day when I will no longer be referred to as the first and only female president in Africa"...
where can I find that in the store?
Thanks for your appreciation. Send us your email id and we will send you a coupon for free
The win only serves as juxtaposition against the losses. It almost makes me want to cry more. Not sure Ned notices ANYTHING.
sweeping the kitchen now *points at the jazz*
Oh, that's a relief! I was picturing puppies with very stubby legs and wide backs.
- u sir r a coward! u cant meet with parents and u hide behind subordinates! u obviously know zero about education. resign now!
Laryngitis, please go away. This is ridiculous. I don't feel good. I need to sing the rest of this week.
no! I love that show! What channel did u find it on???????
Secret Life of the American Teenager.
You might be right Bynum Big ass shooting 3's now... But if a QUALITY big man emerges in the league. He WILL get paid
Jailed once again! FU Twitter!
Enjoy your photos. What is instagram? Is it easy to set up and use?
And what a beautiful path that can be....RT : The path 2 the Divine is just the distance from our head 2 our heart!
it's my first day off in months and i just decided about an hour ago to make a trip down. so excited!
pictures will be posted for sure.
If only all dressers had such drawers...
Being lumped in that group is an honor and totally badass.
yes ma'am!!
I would like to always LIVE in LOVE <U+2764>
On the plane. LA here I come!
Just saw Soul Surfer - it's a must see -- talk about someone with courage who stuck by her beliefs. More guts than wimp out today!
To be absolutely certain about something, one must know everything or nothing about it.
In my informal poll 75% of people do not like peeps. I'm surprised.
ily followers :) Thanks plenty new followers :)
YES!!! PLEASE COME SEE ME??? Booth #40-it should be a pretty day!
What the hell are the Rams and Seahawks doing?
Let the 152 antioxidants strengthen your immune system. Order Organoderma tea, coffee,chocolate at www.drblackston.organoderma.com
- Trying 2 get on my Tweetdeck, but all it says is Not Authorized. Can u help? I click on What Does This Mean, but no clear help.
Just a two more weeks to get the lowest rate you can for the Heartland Worship Institute. Register at www.heartlandworshipinstitute.com
no, we're gonna #makebabies <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
my mom is finally going to give me one lol
Sveum hire = Ricketts going to overpay for Prince Fielder. Wait for it.
IT'S SHOCKING
I've forgotten about Lesnar, if it happens it happens, if it doesn't oh well.
... i really need to start my homework.......
did you survive today
you to!!
We trust you did just fine!
#ihatewhen parents yell at you and then 10 minutes later come in and say they're sorry for yelling .. every time they do yell at you.
Thunder on a 51-46 run at the end of the first half...
I am the UFO United funk official Commanding you to bust a move Or suffer with my missile
Suddenly thought about "The Boy Who Cried Wolf" today. Hope the 2012 prophecies don't happen that way. Familiarize us and then destroy us.
#Echelon3000 tonight !! We turnin up for Dj A Plus & Dj Blaze birthday! Ladies *FREE* all night ! Come!
This is starting to look like a great series
Trimming the tree & doing gingerbread houses tonight!
Summer volleyball league- check. Now all I need to find are some top-notch dance and cooking classes and I'm ready for summer.
OMG I wanted to cry
80F and sunny "in my region". I love LA.
Get down to 5706 Second Ave S in #Georgetown to support 's Spring Benefit Sale! 9a-1p today! via RT
I'm going to water board a woman into marriage.
Scott Walker isn't our leader...
It's awesome I still get new followers <3
lesson learned! but it ultimately my fault for a last minute trip :)
I unplugged it and it gave me the same address
time to get in the weight room
how many are there? I want to do the cocktail club but I feel like it will take forever.
Does anyone know what is going on with the Quicksilver event on Long Beach?
I've seen WSJ and other MSM outlets link to him. That needs to stop. Got to call attention to it.
Hiya Sarah! Would love to have you on my follow list hun! Much love x
nothin, bored af. what you doing
fine points! Ccommunication thought of as disctretionary = failure.
Happy 4th Twitter Land. Enjoy BBQ. Wear sunscreen.
Just getting off work & The first thing I want 2 do is Thank da Colts 4 taking Luck#12 can't wait 2 Hav Real QB n DC RGlll :-) Thurs @ 8baby
Creating metadata definitely falls into that category too!
im not. I'm just being lazy, i dnt want to stress these exams too much that way I don't blank on them
RT : Today in Jewish History (1895) The 1st founded, in Boston as Federation of Jewish Charities. Now
Remember how we could talk for hours? Now we can barely look at each other.
Dirty dimes don't shine...
you both got RTs from Leonidas? Wow!
Cookout time
but its getting there, I have been meaning to update the FB page.. but don't worry, its on my TO-DO list! lol
they make a great cpl rt If Ben is the nxt Bach I am Happy 4 him but my hrt belongs w Ashley & JP
Every boy wants to be a rapper !!!
Environmental Professionals can now join EPS (Environmental Professional Squad) to get more jobs in their area! www.yourpts.com/eps
When we say we're community-supported... RT : Sherlock 2 on Masterpiece ... ROCKS! Wish I could spend all my toll $ on
be a good girl
end of day, obviously, so you'll appreciate that light.
Today has been very productive. Oil change and car wash, great deal on new Penguin clothes from TJ Maxx, and hangs with the babe!
too much nose hair
thanks bro I try .
Same to you ladies! I hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving :)
We will be playing poker ... stop by and play a little.
Just saw off my buddies from Montreal! Great fashion show last night @ FANSHOES world cup country fan shoes launch! Look for the products!
: PSU needs to clean house of any and everybody that had any knowledge get rid of them all. if the janitor knew, fire him too
I'm amazed at the price increase! What are they offering to warrant the increase? We want a medicating area!
": I need someone to chill with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>" i need someone to chill wit to
dude, are you serious? :pulls one out of back pocket that was sitting on dresser and expires in 10 days: Why yes, yes I do.
Sorry can't talk... busy hyperventalating.
Time for #cabin in the woods
Rich and Wealthy people read books. Poor people know everything.
Monday is Day! Just a heads up we will be doing a little #SUinNYC Lubin House check-in giveaway. Stay tuned for details
Doing some final touches to the album artwork, then starting a collab shirt for !
I'm bored
better now. Lol. You?
First time tweeting on phone. this will probably cost me $5 since i have no data plan.
where you live?
you'd be shitty if somebody was yellin about somebody stealing ur phone when u just lost it!
Mother's Day weekend. Most everyone I know is having a party or going out of town...TeresaY
You are needed!
To good for my own good. U need to catch up, to fast for ya. We wanted that shit yesterday. On to the next 1
Not too many good ones this trip, but I'll pick a few of the better ones and send this week. Museums & Harbor Mkt next trip!
I am happy that accepted me to be the newest member of #BrickSquad my expertise in home construction finally paid off
if the virtual spkr thing works out, please do keep me in mind; I'd be delighted to speak about librarianship outside the box!
I still turn to you <3
Got alot done today. Finished 7 bags. I'm going to be extremely busy tomorrow. This show better not suck lol
Wake me up before you go go go,
#20factsaboutme 10. My favorite color is blue.
If you meticulous clean your volcanoes they will burn slowly and never erupt
Congrats, roomie! You continue to amaze & inspire me in all you do. RT : Personal record. 4:03! (@ Boston Marathon Finish Line)
omg congrats on meeting Cody & Toby! Your tweets are making me fangirl! Hahahha. Sounds like you had fun! :)
A goal of 's app-dev project is to rent/distribute iPod Touches to visitors. Not live yet, your ideas welcome!
It's more fun to be a Pirate than to join the Navy.
set an alarm clock.. haha
Aint been texting nobody back all day..
love that team picture on your Careers page. :)
ill think bout it. turns out we get raw here on Aug 13 last monday before summerslam. soo Big bday bash lol
I like getting negged because it only makes me work harder to win his affection.
Actually I have always been a geek at heart.
If you make a commitment... You should see it out, no matter what it takes.
Rooting for OKC to go all the way this year. Durant has been ripped off from the MVP award for 3 years in a row. Go Thunder.
“: my stomach hurts I'm so nervous for this exam. can't i just have the answer key. please.”<<<<<that would be cheating
RT via Ice Cream lovers: Haagen Das is giving out a free scoop of its "Bee Built" ice cream to promote bee conservation today only
To the top my bracket goes! Always trust the SEC :) right come on Ohio!!!!
The 3 drinks for 2 are: Scorpion Bowl, Rainforest and Blue Mystique. Congrats 2 for being the 1st to ans correctly. Plz DM us!
aww no fun but being productive isn't a bad thing :)
That's it I'm going onna diet
well you should have a read of my new ghetto love story based in Detroit follow me check out free preview on my blog x
Appreciate it EB.
New 10 minute workout plan. Rac for 10 minutes then chick Fila for an hour
I need advice from the great majestic <3
Or if someone says "hey, I'm flying you on my private jet to Italy...." keeps getting better.
When are you coming downtown???
The only good thing was tht is here nd we have candy!!! Hahahahahaha nd tree
#MusicVideos on mute...some are better that way :)
Like : There's very little more comforting than hearing an Aussie on a 9:30am flight, order a beer.
??? Racist much??..spread luv dude gorillas r beautiful
Tigers beat Yankees. Tigers win series
Man.... I am ready to take this leap to success.
RT : Wanna play professional basketball in LA? Play for us! We have 7 more numbers available than do the Lakers!
well we're stuck with it now, might as well give it a chance and see if they actually can make it work.
gO hEeLs!!
Lastest IM Reviews Posts 3 Pack of Universal Touch Display Stylus Pen (Red + Black + Silver)
Now she wished me a happy Easter and tossed her walker at me.
Hunt: could save so many women's lives with just one week's spending in US war in Afghanistan.
Why isn't Oktoberfest in October?
Up early time to get to work.
I really am an introvert. Too many people, too little sleep, and bird food at the conference... Bedtime, now.
Me neither. Don't remember him at all.
lol oh no! Let's hope it does not bite u then! What a beautiful creature :)
I hear there's wet cement outside the offices...Rebellious art/vandalism, yay or nay?
Happy Friday the 13th!
Keeping with the autumnal theme, welcome Maple/Almond flavor to Porter Square! It's amazing with our cinnamon sugar pecans :)
will you please follow me please please please.. I LOVE YOU <3
Wow i wonder who will reach a million views first.
Great time! Thanks for the fun and YUMMY cake! I had to run from Hermosa Beach to Santa Monica after but so worth it!
Needed this! RT When reviews hurt remember the rule of thirds: 1/3 will love you, 1/3 will hate you, 1/3 are indifferent.
My throat is killing me :/
Hoping today will be the day I'll skype with ... Oh wait, never mind ... He didn't accept my request yet! JCJDJSSJDJ UGH!
hello buddy :) •Diamond
"God specializes in using flawed people and changing them..." -Nate Mirza
Im climbing the building on #StPattysDay 4 the #fightforairclimb Help out & search 4 my name on their site & donate
Nim and Nem (Thought) play songs we know This Sunday at "Church" - St. Dymphna's 9pm - 118 St. Mark's near Ave A.
yes it was. I hate when he doesnt talk to all of you. I mean, what does the girl from Big Bang theory have to do with the show?
Need to find a good online hierarchical note-taking solution, but so far coming up empty.
It's hard work finding good San Diego Tweoples. Thanks to those of you who follow back.
i am pretty sure you are somehow related to , he is a #MANIMAL too!!
well it should only snow on top of you house cause Milwaukee don't need none we get bombed every year!!!
How did you get the #3 pick in your own draft lol? He barely left the garage all week so he'll be on it ;-)
-i miss my bestie
With all of the communications options that are now available...you would think people would at least be moderately effective communicators.
If you are hiring a high profile celebrity, athlete, musician or coach, you absolutely must know what a "morals clause" means.
Get the look of ’s #DowntonAbbey (season two airs tonight on ) in our latest Dress the Part! ow.ly/8m3kt
You must consider the output device when choosing aspect ratio. Projectors may not be able to handle HD video.
I fully support this! We need a A.C. Slater vs. Val Venis Rematch!
joe joe how's life my man
Thanks for the support. I enrolled in Loyola's paralegal program. Radio's been a great journey, but I need a different path.
If you have not seen a reply email or blog post and have sent blog material to me recently, send me a reminder email @ .
This is Crazy!! FULL HOUSE!! wit DeRAY, DAVID & Deon attack of da "Dee Gang" & Sexy Marlo, DeRay That My Dogg!!
Her comma usage is off, though.
Why didn't I get to see you? WEIRD format Zack - we were shooed out! :(
So many more blog post to build and put up. Shoots people have never seen, video too.
My body aches <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>...Plans 4 tomorrow: SPA! #NoteToSelf <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088>
well, i've more cute pics, but more than you expect, but i won't put,I'M TIRED -.-
right? I have ceased caring ha! It'll be a nice surprise for those who meet me in real life.
Y FUCK WIT A BROKE BITCH. SHE CANT BUY ME NUTHN... ALWAYS GOT HER HAND OUT
Getting #pizza in my science class tomorrow :)
Every Thursday come out to fiesta grill for the hottest thurs night in the valley by Hosted by
And now the moment we've all been waiting for...#Giants vs. #49ers! Who will be crowned the #NFC champion??
..." When two join as one... They have each others back! Pray together to stay together. "
Happy Tweetings to you too K-Marie!!!
Find us on Facebook at facebook/arizonahousepainters to enter to win an Ipad!
Cheese ravioli and salad and bread sticks at olive garden before a long day at work
Gardening is the only time I'd let a leaf tickle my face. :)
Please check email. Thank you
Deuces, anchorage!
I Pikachu When You're Naked.
Easy to way to help support us. Get an Albertsons key card & 1% of your purchases comes back to us! We can mail you a card just ask!
Ask an Expert: Entrepreneurs, you need a great company name - USA TODAY
Many thanks to Checked the schedule, ran and made the bus instead of waiting another 30 mins.
Thundersnow works the same as thunder in a summer thunderstorm, but obviously with snow involved.
...and thank you ;) RT water heater is fixed! Im almost as good of a house mom as mother Mary!
I'm seriously taking the stage after Paul Overstreet.. This is ridiculous!! #kwswf what an honor!!!!
thx for your quick response. How soon could comcast determine why our wireless is intermittent? DM if needed
where is the picture of the guy taking pictures?!
maybe in the playoffs, but not much intensity even during this shortened regular season. Even Heat-Bulls was boring lastnight
Stil up here on the east coast. Burnin' the midnite oil writing more lyrics and strummin' one of my way too many basses.
there's no time like the present
thanks for the follow!
Holy hot as shit in my room!
Is cleaning.... Yay me... Loves the way mah two year old walks away shruggin his shoulders when I asked if he ate all the seeds...
lol you ugly
you're so one-sided and you complain about fox news being like that but you're just as bad lol.
god i just unfollowed so many people now i like only follow celebs ugh sigh
Dinner turned into 4 hours, meeting June, and seeing a little more than we bargained for...love and sweet, encouraging talks!
We thought you'd work in the ice cream! You know is now a customer.
I'll have to try that. I've always convinced myself that someone would ask to sit there anyway just to spite me. Lol
THE BIGGEST STUPID HOE AWARD GOES TO......
don't hold on too tight! Coasters r way more fun when u throw ur hands up and scream ur fool head off!!
YES I WAS CAUSE IM AN AWESOME TEACHER ;D &jk your nice!(:
happy birthday!
RE: Students Learn better with Engaged Parents - I know it does seem obvious, but sadly it doesn't happen nearly enough!
hoping you mean "vicariously!"
Enjoy the class! : Just about to begin #Articulate open enrollement class in Los Angeles put on by
If you don't give me enough attention I will look for it elsewhere
#Wow when I ignore you, that's when I get the most attention
Going Ice Skating with Whuddup?
Did you get the audio? Send me a direct message if you would like it.
Fuckin god damn history why does it have to repeat god fuckin damn it
It's been a good day. I have no complaints. The good news I will have more time for my artwork.
been there. “: I just remembered that for a few hours last night I searched craigslist and ebaymotors for el Caminos.”
Public is invited to the "$5.4 Billion Bake Sale," 10 am May 18 at Main Plaza, to raise money cut from public ed by Texas lawmakers.
In the studio tomorow with to shake things up in Miami
thank you for the fight week blog week video man. its great to have something that can take my mind off finals for a bit
we had a test Bro! One of the security guys was looking for you
No school for me.
We would love to hear your demo's. Please email them too:
There's like 2 weeks left of school .. its CRAZY howw fast this year went.
That's racist! ": We've moved on from doggy style discussion to ethnic food on , good times."
Gack!! The #ASTD2012 app on my iPad has no idea who I am and no record of my selected schedule?!?!?!
how do you guys think Gamel has done at 1B so far? I remember how bad P was in 2007 ctd
ignore my last tweet. I just saw Jay's email.
Miss you lots sunshine
Thanks for the RT!
Its hard to take a role in someones life when you're not even apart of the script..
Bet That
Don't worry brother, I think the show "Thunder From Down Under" here might be recruiting.
So nasty!!! trickery
hi Ralph! The lad has been jamming w/his electric cello at school
Don't give him the ball, at all.
same one bro
yep, this what we do. c:
Last name Bag, first name Douche.
Good morning! "I am always doing things I can't do, that's how I get to do them."- Picasso. Enjoy & Create your day!
Baby you my everything!
is it okaay for Thursday if I have a digital clock on my desk?? Can't tell time very well.
RT "He only masterbates to pictures of himself." what....? I think that tweet just lowered your penis' status on MRS
Hahaha...did ya get the smack down?
Thanks SO much for tuning in!
have you met yourself?
Final day of #exhibitor2012 show floor, ready, set, go! Stop by and say hi to the BoothTag team and at booth 1571
More music you know better you can deprive ideals from. Listening to some sebe king and Freddie mercury at the moment on forex getting paid
#PrayForAlexRiegle that's all I ask for <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
#Tregillis, Bitter Seeds. Alt history WWII; British demon-dealing warlocks battle Nazi engineered mutants. Likely the first in a dark series
Fair enough
Will do! RT : Please dont hesitate to keep the conversation going. You can find each other using #nytmuseums!
Where scamming happens. RT Another successful sale on #NT .
Didn't watch the Grammys. Friends that did said it was mostly (predictably) terrible.
Oh and the lineup blows
what is up my nig?
A woman who knows her value will only put up with a mans nonsense for so long. You either get right or you will get left.
.. that was funny lolol
Can't wait for tomorrow!!!!!!!!=D going to one of my favorite places on earth! The <3 Hahahahahaha
Poor booth everybody crying :'(
RT :, wht's the most creative pizza U've evr made/had?// Pineapple/Ham, home made marinara made w/RADA pizza stone, of course.
only a few more weeks sweethaht
"Oh yeah. Have fun. Go tweet that."
Great Season #SAINTS . Unlucky today but we still love you. Thanks for a great year!
Searching for samples!
I will open the vegas line at 6.5....any takers? : How many times will Kim Kardashian be married?
very awesome. Congrats.
ru using Jobu's rum again ;)
My stomach growlin but I'm not hungry
Just received new fermentation vessels from Oso Brewing...fantastic folks up there who "get" craft brewer solidarity! Buy there beer, too!
If you have an Instagram, feel free to follow us! Our username is of course !
My scooba was having issues today, took it into w/the black tie protection got it replaced for free and got a $50 gift card. LOVE.
The prices for Halloween costumes can be downright scary
Interesting! Sent my email address to you; we can talk more about what sounds like an great venture!
wanna watch me explode into happy, tiny pieces? Sign Peyton, Let Timmy Learn behind him, 10 years of Super Bowls for the #Broncos endure<3
I will pay you money I need a new one
The hulk is no fun when he's not a complete dumbass. I need him to go apeshit
Wrapped a TV pilot yesterday and wrapping a feature tonight (hopefully !)
You likie!! #winning Philly's finest is pleased! * Dougieing* “: loving ya new avi”
Jus saw someone with #potbellys *craving resurfaces!*
Not entirely sure that #eTrade understands customers and their needs
Rebooting my iDevices seems to have kicked iCloud syncing into action with -- not an elegant solution, but effective.
the things I DM are just too cheesy<3
Finally, "Pistol Pete" shall wear a dress and henceforth be called "Prancing Patricia."
ohh and no the roomate msg has nothing to do w/ me.i've been living solo for long enough i enjoy it..but the friend would be a great roomie
no problem love!. I know what its like. if u ever need to vent you know my twitter. :)
Wrote over 1,600 words this morning. Time for a little break then I'm diving back in.
Just told my mom I need to be put on Adderall. Her response 'no you dont because obviously you don't have a hard time getting it.'
Okay. I'm up, pie is baking, and kitchen is clean. 7 hours until everyone gets here - I can do this.
thank u rob I would like to read some of ur work
Shamrock the Block is a fun #rva event. Food and libations in Shockoe Bottom. And green stuff.
Finally got my Phone back YEE <3
Thanks for the #ff!
Be careful who you trust & tell your problems to. Everyone who smiles at you isn't trustworthy<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
RT : heard this on #uppers “:The police in Rekia Boyd's case was only charged with misdemeanor assault."
« #nf my big cousin »
Good lord! I certainly hope not!!
I haven't watched csi in forever.. it just doesn't compare to criminal minds or law&order.
Going back outside! :\
The best part about memories - You have full creative control.
Anyone want to play some basketball this afternoon at klotschke?
Kudos on the redesign. Super sharp and clean; a huge improvement.
This rooster alarm on my phone must go! Scared the ish outta me!
#oomf has me on an emotional rollercoaster i dont wanna be on......:-(
and you never will
Good job! Spurs Second round of the Playoffs, hopefully they play against The clippers cause I get 2 see my love Blake Griffin(:
I wish Jamie Lono would come back. Just for
The economy sucks. Friend tells me that only when it's dark enough can you see the stars. Hm. Looking heavenward.
Deco Art just gave 2k in supplies for our Gwinnett County Public Schools! Wow!
I go to the ink spot in bay view
We leave Paris demain!
I want to be known as no filter phill...but will still accept me?
we couldn't agree more.
Facebook kind of ruined my day's productivity, but at least it was exciting
I just almost broke my ankle on a crack in the sidewalk opened my car door into my shin & then f bombed a six yr old. Keepin it classy!
Wrong! Have you checked out Monif C? The models is bigger than a 13 and she is THICK and Fabulous Boo!
OAuth2 Autonomous profile supports client creds or receipt of SAML - as WRAP does. WS* has a lot to it. Question: what is enough?
Nine more days till the Biggest Sagg. B-Day Bash ever at !!
my phone keeps auto-correcting various words as "party."
Hope my fro turns out good
I can on Friday!!
On behalf of the Phoenix metro, I am truly, truly sorry you are being treated this way as your first stop on the revised tour. :(
I'M NOT EATING FAST FOOD YOU MUTHAFUCKAZ
This day in1987, One of the greatest jazz drummers of all time, Buddy Rich died aged 69 due to complications caused by a brain tumor.
sorry about that! Thanks for letting us know.
how long are u in town for?
The live feed was shitty too. A think "they" were trying to block out the feeds.
So I almost feel bad for the dude I caught moving my laundry to an empty dryer. He was a like a deer in headlights
I'm out and about at Uptown & Coronado, who wants a coupon?? To find me, you must know I only date superheros. :o)
Thanks for sharing the nice compliment!
hope ur wrong too. Gotta have faith hurney & co know what they are doing.
I don't want anything new.
I try to respond everybody, but you are apparently so right.
“: Domonique Foxworth has been unanimously elected as President of the NFLPA by the Board of Player Representatives.” >> Good man!
Woke up sick this morning with a sore throat :(
I totally agree, super crummy.
Happy Mother's Day to all the lovely mother's in our life!
Relaxing evening after this week's burn out - MST3K movies and documentaries from Netflix.
RIP Facebook. Twitter finally killed the right thing.
OMG! Scallops with black truffles was unbelievable! So good!
C u twitter! I'll be back in a few days!.
It is impossible to look cool running for an airplane.
Heavy D's passing just reminds me how much I miss the "fun" Hip Hop I grew up on. R.I.P.
Fashion is the enhanced version of who you are while style is the outer reflection of character.
me when my ipod is on shuffle: no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no yes
I thought it was good. appreciate the RT
thank you TalentoMartin!
Hypothetical question: Which list is more talented and will win a World Series first? The Yankees' 25-man, or the Yankees' DL?
haha i dont think you should tell people that
Interesting show produce by on ocean pollution. Ocean of plastics now twice size of Texas-Need global solutions.
Me: omfg I'm gonna cry. Mom: why Me: reasons.
$2 Mexican Cervezas ALL DAY Long!!! Gotta love Hump Day !!
That really rustled my jimmies
Did you like me yet? www.facebook.com/agloenterprise
watching them eat that made me sick hahahha ewWw - the nachos !!
sadface. let's fix that! RT : Watching #ModernFamily without and ...this isn't as fun as it should be.
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer41
I miss my nose piercing :c
Debra Granik's film, WINTER'S BONE, is the first must-see film this summer. Check this out.
Hello Piers, Describe what Qualities makes a Good TV Interviewer? I feel you ask your Guests Great Q's on your CNN Talk Show!
i think your icon's gorgeous.
know about la explosion? any restaurants nearby?
#OomfNeedsTo STOP giving me Mixed signals!!
please be my wifee i promise I won't cheat
Bosh bad turn over. Dirk made him pay.
hahaha it was so random and hilarious!!!:D
Nice catch. Sigh.
What happens in Atlantic City pretends it happened in Vegas.
Midnight premier of the hunger games = josh hutcherson on a big screen!! <3
superb job tonight!
true lol & you really are (:
wow. , that is your highest so far
Hey, it wasn't rainbows or unicorns. Lol
“: Just a typical Saturday night with baking & wine" next time you do this let me know, I'm always up for baking and wine :)
On my way to Universitas21 Conference in Vancouver. Snowy Denver layover. Not used to that white stuff
According to the NIDCR, adults aged 20 to 64 have an average of 24.92 remaining teeth.
what is it
is permanence illusory? what's the impact of the retail model?
follow back? :)
bet has more total blocks, just cause honor will be shooting all day
Thank you, , for the Shambala recommendation.
I luv u too baby!
Rubio: &#39;The world cannot make it happen without us&#39;
It is part of the cure to wish to be cured. ~ Seneca
No twitter war for me tonight. Just suggesting Colin gets the stick out of his ass for once. Or get laid
HEADING TO THE STUDIO LATE NITE SESSION
planet of the hoes
MRNG PEOPLE, THINK WE MADE & STARRED IN HANGOVER I, SMDH
Lots of of bitter tweets regarding the Lakers on my timeline.. On the other hand, haven't seen my sister this happy about a game in a while.
What happened to Monaco, B.G? :(
Thanks man!!! How's the job hunt?
New season of ridiculousness
Who is at 57 Degrees Food Truck Extravagnza? & more! 1735 Hancock St, San Diego
- no longer have any streams or dashboard for my account.
TRICK QUESTION. Nothing is better than pizza.
So basically, the press conference contained nothing new?
you are very welcome. Austin is a nice city.
omg i just realized that u changed your username. Nice!!! i cant believe that its snowing there already & im missing it
Counting down the days until The Mars Volta's "Noctourniquet" releases!
Sounds like a busy but good way to end the week.
a journey is like marriage: the certain way to be wrong is to think you control it
Did you know the president is super super super sexy?
<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> Happy Valentine's Day to all <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> "Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own."
I heart you too,(:
I have 3 FREE tickets to the NM Bowl! Any takers??
because she is not sure if she has a son or a daughter anymore?
THIS RT HE'S DOING IT AGAIN! Josh Hamilton smacks 2nd homer of night, 17th of season. And it's only the 4th inning.
Just had "Big Balls" sung to me for my bday. I have the best friends ever.
Now watching
depends on the sue. but sounds like that's how you use it
had a awesome commercial audition today!!
Tonight was just fun. Also, I'm really impressed by the crew of Those set changes were big and went off without a hitch.
First time ever! $22 million from local donors for health, education and income via United Way. #uwcelebration. THANK YOU
I knew i fit in here! Luv johnny on the rocks too! RT : vodka (or scotch) is the official drink or #shehchat :)
RT : I just confirmed to speak at the Spelman College Women of Color () Conference in May. #Humbled&Honored
Side note: I need to get me some B12.
Some kids are cut off from high quality instruction. We ration it along lines of class & color, school by school, & within schools.
uh oh. We are talking tomorrow.
that was awesome
western? What's the pitch? At your site?
Can I have your autograph?
Just released a white wine from Burgundy! This 2009 Aligote is a tasty little gem! Only 60 cases were brought into the U.S. and is only $23!
Thanks for sharing! Great photo!
yay! I'm hoping to be as well. Thanks for the heads up on the email.
thanks for posting that siquieros sketch, that's one of my favorite pieces of all time
Another SEO challenge to sink our teeth into... SEO for These apps lately even turn up accurate responses to my NY accent. Awesome!!
Meanwhile, LSU SLIS students in their final semester are taking comp exams today. I'll be there in a year. Good luck, all.
I'd love Leslie to win, but if Bobby wins, we get to keep Paul Rudd. It's a win-win.
Nice guys finish last, thats why I'll treat you like trash.
Thank you for the support!
New agent. New union status. New year on it's way!
well im sure thats only when ppl piss yu off.. bein around me, ull always be as sweet as pumpkin pie haha
the avengers is supposed to be good. and 21 jump streets the shit
Characters must change more or less throughout scene.
must be from the same folks that invited me to Nigeria to claim my $16b
ah that happened to me on the subway! not the rear ending but the iced tea al over lol
He has lost credibility. He doesn't seem to be up to date on many issues.
RT : My CTIA Wrap-Up report is mostly about obscure handset vendors clogging the show floor with dual-SIM featurephones
Now the Sox are trying to blow their game. This is a great night.
tonight she lets us know that 48 hours of rehearsing foreign sounding names is possible for her
oh weird? you should be able to type msconfig in search and it will list the program. your not adding anything to that search?
About to lock my tweets, shits dumb getting in trouble for tweeting something
Thank God!!!
the long ass bike ride me and my nigga took today !!
I should get every Friday off.
A union boss candidate will not be strong in general. Barrett or Falk will be candidate I here. Others lack$
Love this weather.
bring some over here
": I will have these memories forever and I hope we can make more someday. I'm gonna miss you man."OMFG YOU GUYS NEED TO STOP:,(
From Rodriguez on, that game was electric.
Lol there was about to be a fight
What, you don't have an affinity for Nicholas Cage? I thought everyone did.
Having a good time with the lil prince. Spa a lil later. Happy Mothers Day to me!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090>
we have rolled out an update to our team roster display which will ensure that the correct roster is displayed for the summer season
Watch on Rachel vs. Guy!! #GoTeamGuy:)
Any word on an amnesty clause with the current agreement?
at like 10
It will be in your "mentions" section.
IdoBasketball.com is up and running! What a wonderful day! Come in and find videos, tutorials, blogs and book me for private coaching...
He's signs a new monster deal, and talks about how much harder he's going to work.
Somebody paying the reffs off!
hit up
i didn't know you followed me (: ha, i miss you baberz!
Hi Mike! Hope all is well with you. Thank you for the RT : )
don't worry I make banging cupcakes (;
thats what i need
Yeeah i miss-typed lol.Ooh it doesnt matter,i just wanted to check :)
If she does notice, just kick the hornet's nest as you run.
Agree, used to love it but so many BS decisions the last few years have tarnished the sport for ever.
Nick just asked if I like pickle slushy eww
hit my phn bro
I messaged you with it
yeah I can hold out but 50 sure is tempting.
no my business trips are technical stuff I don't sell hapiness like
Don't let anyone dictate your life for you or ever put you down!
doesn't matter when there aren't any real men anyway.
I'm taking my frustration out on a pint of ice cream.
Every time I get upset at how dirty my roomates are, I think "I'll graduate, I'll graduate" - great motivator to do well in school.
Sure thing! If you ever need a video, let's discuss - looking forward to it! :)
ahha! Do you want me to bring yours tomorrow or do you want me to keep it until the concert? :)
oh, the terror of the blank page in my tumblr.
adam i miss you! (: i hope your day has beein going good <3
I do not have the knowledge....
Jordans such a sweetie though.
he made me laugh thanx i needed dat
Dear 2k NBA 2k12 is so annoying The servers r always down online assoc is good but takes 4ever for FA to sign Ur games r bad
Beautiful Souls: Saying No, Breaking Rules, Heeding the Voice of Conscience , with Eyal Press, TODAY 1 pm
PLZ FOLLOW ME (: I NVR GET NOTICED BY YOU GUYS ):
hahaa not even the whole afternoon.... Say 45 minutes- hour tops.
- Atlanta misses you! Hope that you come back soon. My husband and I can't wait! May God continue to bless you!!
just finished a #productionsession in the #writingroom at
By James Dinh Rihanna made her third appearance on "Saturday Night Live" this weekend, giving a memorable performance wh
what a horrible mystery.
No haven't. But Wimbledon is on our list of packages we would like to put together to offer as a complete trip "Giveaway"
from what I recall, it'll be replaced with another O'Shea's as part of a refit of that block
I will keep asking... I want more on Thursday nights!! No excuse for not having the tag champs on.
Having the knowledge is just like having a treasure map, but you don't start the adventure until you get going.
OH SHIT, It's shout out wednesday. Right back at u fam
Got cha. Now, if I could only understand this twitter like I do FB...anyway good afternoon
Look at the one guy in the Louisville polo!
Tara Sounds! iTunes iTunes!! :)
Feeling AMAYZING today!
i like this one
Keep in mind that, as an Envoy, you are also eligible for the CEN internship...which pays more!
“Experience Design Practice Development”, a Workshop. Livia Labate,
hrrm how's the data mining, i mean game development, going?
I'm going to draw water alrighty. Lol I'm coming to crash the party! Me and Shenea
is that open to the public??
Oh do I ever! haha great pic!
How about our #SF #Niners!! Way to have the lead at half! Go #49ers!!!
Well... Don't lie
It is unfortunate that New Jersey's govrnor cannot have a civil,or honest discussion about what's best for America-ProPublica
#nowfollowing you back , thanks for the follow !
yeah we met at a show :p and you're music is great!
Yo dude what time is the phillies game today
don't forget kyle
Lolol.(: I look through my baby pictures and caption them!! That's my favorite part of pictures!
A fine reason. And the time diff will help you get there by 6, a necessity unless you love long queues.
I Got You
Fuck you #googlechrome Im going back to firefox! -.-
Milner-Fenwick's New 'Hospital Quality of Care' Education Videos Support ... - Newswise (press release)
very well said
we live in a negative world if only we had more positive ppl wit more positive thinkn wit more positive words to spread
I love D Wade but after that he needs a Sprite
celebrating the hometown win with a fried egg sandwich this morning. pretty darn good all around.
Coodies washed off...in bed...wearing my Iron Man pjs...life is good.
is the hardest worker I know, always up late studying #straightA's
HAPPY THIRSTY THURSDAY! Come on down to the HUSTLER CLUB for $3 Absolut Vodka Drinks, Bud & Bud Light !
Midnight showing of the Avengers with Kelsey and & yes, it is my 3rd time seeing it, because I just really love Chris Evans
Remember Black History Month Women's History Month and even Confederate History Month is all American History and exists beyond these months
Listening to jazz guitarist Joe Beck alto guit & jazz vocalist Deborah Brown. The nearness of you.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
about time Clare - see y'all soon! RT : Ooh I just found on twitter! Sweet! the w/ Pops 6/7-6/10
hey you better be there Thursday or I'll probably cry! ;)
I'm TRYING TO GET IN I'm watching them through the window they're like playing skeeball lol
thought my family was the only one to call it a clicker... definitely agree
sometimes you've just have to make sacrifices
Omg I just saw the video where that ugly lady beats her baby!!!! I seriously just wanna cry, that's so ugly!!!!!!
New School is done til mid-Jan. Rapper session 2morrow. Pete Lanctot on Fri. It'll B a bizzy break.
Overheard outside the Overture Center today: 'That's a whole other bag of cats.' I feel bad I missed the rest of the conversation.
Wedding stuff.¤ blah its too late for that jazz
How do you veiw others? Check out: todays minute - - “A Minute with Maxwell” Free Daily Coaching: www.johnmaxwellteam.com
Josie's napping, of course. Darn kids.
10 hours from now, we'll be shakin West Chester to its very foundations. Where will you be?
Getting some much needed rest its still early in the morning here in da Philippines
Happy National Volunteer Week! Thank you to all the volunteers who are busy making the world a better place to live!
thanks!-shouted your shop out here! I'm loving the pic frame jewelry display & LEGO phone holder. Two very cute ideas!
I'm about to put For the Fallen Dreams new song on repeat and go to sleep!
happy birthday marshall
sounds good!!
Does anyone else have a butthole for a mom?
sorry dude it's the truth that's why she didnt reply to your tweet
#SometimesIGetSickOf Not Knowing What To Wear
agreed, and too lazy--please send my way!!
all black everything I salute u
Idk whose pandora station I should listen to ):
Why did the fish get kicked out of school?......Because he got caught with seaweed.
How is the Senate fighting Wall Street speculators who are driving up the price of oil?
It's very difficult to argue with that based on the first term.
Thanks, the money became available sometime this morning.
"Library Journal," huh? so your real name isn't good enough, any more? your grandfather from Hungary will turn in his grave.
the way it works is they play against two games. One home and one away. It counts as two goals if you score away and one
My 'No Doubt' Pandora station took a turn for the worse. Creed and Nickelback?
american cheese, shredded mild cheddar,& too hot dogs grilled, on sourdough bread . Nom nom nom :-) :-)
As I figured, told you to f'me.
must balance rate of application of training stimulus with rate of adaptation
just answered no to All them damn questions...lol
At #CloudforceDC where are you?
Congratulations to the UW-River Falls softball team on winning the WIAC tourney for the second straight year.
Today is the first day of Winter! So get those shorts & flip flops out j/k. Snuggle up w/ loved ones & order in from EAT OUT IN!
Wow! Ms. Warren shut down the Boyz on the show. You go girl!
Thank you! RT : in Austin is awesome!! Used to go there and loved it.
“I don’t trust doctors, preachers, married women.” Sounds like a Via. ;)
That moment when you know you're losing someone but can't do anything about it.
I'm Too Impatient...
why thank you :D
The workers at target r mean...
Listening to 2 minutes... about to start writing... ive been away from the pad to long
i do follow u tho :/
i do <33 and you actually accomplished to make me smile :))
keep in touch
morning ya'll
Editing our show can take forever.
Thanks for tweeting #EVN12 --interesting topics covered!
Congratulations to !!
How did we keep 9,580 pounds of plastic out of landfills? By using recycled printer cartridges! Just one of the ways we're going green!
Good girl, he needed it ;p
AB 2145 for better discipline data passes CA Assembly #education cmte -- 'a great need for information' says bill author
I just read an article that side bangs can give you lazy eye and now I'm sure I have that so now i'm paranoid omgg
Its so nice outside. Why do i have to be inside? Lunch with my sis Kelly. :)
Merry Christmas the day of having ur parent yell at you for not cleaning the dishes right or not smiling for a picture you didn't know was..
We LOVE our fans! They come from all places near and far… where do YOU come from?
man I'ma kill that beat, that beat goes hard as fuk, so does tha song, thumbs up homie
Yea, me and you could be the extras in the background! We could play two silly cheerleaders! ;)
both great.. Kind of out of order but both super fun
Have you considered fixing your hair in wax?
At Il Davide in San Rafael
just registering to vote has become so difficult w/ all the new "rules" created by repubs..to keep some people from voting
3 hour nap is no bueno for tonight.
What's looking good for lunch today?
RT : Inside scoop: #EversaveSFL is launching local deals tomorrow in SE Florida! Please
If people stare at you give them a reason to because you are beautiful <3
#3WordsOfAdvice KNOW YOUR RIGHTS
I fucking love it!!
Yeah it just got put together as an example today. is the next stop for the personal domain ;)
Fortune is a great deceiver. She sells very dear the things she seems to give us...Vincent Voiture
come say hi! We're at the table across from the bathrooms.
What do you think about the case so far?
Thanksfor coming out today!
PODS® is a unique service providing innovative & convenient solutions designed to make moving & storage more efficient and flexible for you
Ima leave you stranded in your shyt
Full healing of the skin may take several weeks to months. .keloidsurvey.com
Great, I smell like charcoal.
Aw shame for the boy but lucky break for u!! #come on Wales!!!
well alright enjoy! Tell me how you like the movie afterwards!
I'm waiting for marriage lol
Status: I haven't had any sleep since Thursday evening (literally). But once again another satisfied customer.
"In Spite of All the Danger" is one of the first songs recorded by The Quarrymen,
I am definitely not mainstream.
that's what they said to Admiral Ozzel. Look how he wound up.
I hate that I'm getting used to seeing empty storefronts on 101 @ the
a hamburger with no onions <U+E106>
phew! tall request
so far no black cats have crossed my path! lol
Heading to Cancun with for the PEI young executives conference
=( The concert is a month away, I have to get 25$ to go.. oh and the ride to get there and back. not looking so bright=(
Please call and request #BeautifulThing :
I don't care about your hangover go complain somewhere else that's not twitter.
Welcome back Ron.
of course! We had a blast!
At for #mothersday and this place is a disaster hope everyone else is having a good day with their mom
Plenty has caused me to lose faith in it before, will be interesting to see how my experience goes.
Headed to the awards banquet. One of my guys, Jason Lawson,(did 2 TICs for his school) is national double-goal coach honoree!
hey juls! I didn't get a tweet from you in a while..... you'd make my day (:
You want to make something awesome get
Be yourself because everyone else is taken and besides no one can make a better you than YOU(: <3
do you realize when someone checks you out?
Happy Birthday to the best punter in the league!
Obama can get OBL in a distant country and in an undisclosed location; but he can't identify a single criminal on Wall Street.
Holed up in Parma Heights.
Omg brain fart I totally forgot about that haha. I don't follow them anymore, so they arent able to respond back neway right? :c
Saw a ladybug, does that mean good luck? Ah
sometimes a bitch snaps. today might be my day.
Do we have practice today... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
This is the best baseball matchup ESPN has had in a long time. Too bad I'm going to have to change it at 8 for Desperate Housewives
If you are struggling with the grammar concepts, please see me asap! It gets more difficult from here.
NO IT'S NOT MY BIRTHDAY NO MORE!:(lol
How despicable! But there is no GOP #WarOnWomen You speak the truth and they can't deal with that. BTW, you look great too.
We're delighted to have writing her first post for us on being female, black, and Reformed.
hi i'm luke carr and i am legally obliged to tell you that i have a boulderbadge
Welcome, Heidi M., Jack and Janet. Thanks for your support!
Something's gotta give bud, we are still in the "not farting in front of stage" when I get dropped off its like a jet engine
Everything looks setup correctly on your end. Try contacting your gateway for more details on the error.
You're too kind! We're blushing! Thanks for being a fan of Quaker Steak & Lube!
It's terrible, no way he should miss a game after both teams were physical all series. Just terrible.
via : OK taking a snapshot while on a wireless connection in SL really messes with the video.
i'd rub her back
I'll give u a hint initials are H.G. from Germany.....Go lol
We wish you an AWESOME weekend!!!! Let's have fun!!!
LOL...yeah...meant going to bed! My bad with that last one. Going to bed during storms! - Bryan RadioNOW
“Love is not selfish...U can’t meet someone...then tell them 2 stop doing the things they love. Even if...U might lose them.” Cate Wittmack
ever try doing sun salutations - there your yoga AND cardio RT : Tweeps: yoga or cardio? Someone tell me what to do.
Dont let her smile fool you.
Just messaged you back!! :-)
Aren't you guys talking about Twitter and small businesses next Sunday? Could you repost details please?
Saturday on the scooter and lunch #Tremont647. Great margaritas and bloody marys!
I'm so confused! I read some things on my timeline.... but I don't get it:/ hope is all fine...
Child Fatality Review Panels, a statewide forum needed similar to national proposal. KY needs a dialogue around prevention!
Great series of presentations about condors and the lead poisoning issue at Ithaca College campus today!
Me & are on the run
Funny shit. Cashier Says: have a nice day. 4 year old kid says: Have a nice day, how do you do that. Lmao
Still not sure why anyone would feed pigeons.
Thank you for the webinar mention!
My favorite band and singer together?! D: I MUST GO!!! :D
I forgot what a stunningly great song ocean size is until they played it to tonight. Janes Addiction is still at the top of their game.
texaa tech's d isn't the calibur of oregon's. we'll score but i at least want a game.
haha! lol, yeah but i dnt need 60k i got my DJs helping me but they like to do it for free!
Thanks for listing #WritingEditing /local-biz !
- we wish you were going to be there tomorrow. Hope all is well.
I will help whenever u need
#Imagine Austin singing to you until you fall asleep in his arms.
where are you located?
Thanks! It has been very useful. Pictures sell a space better than anything. Can always add contributors... :-)
loved it. Jaime is good people ;)
oh ok. Follow me. What's ya favorite hobbies?
Right, and in the intervening period, I moved to NYC.
By supporting its revitalization, it helps promote our health and support youthful DNA.
Can somebody tell me what 'regular printing' is these days? I have no clue but we get a lot of people asking for it.
Working/Making marketing contacts while gambling in Central City! Relaxing friday night actually. Lol
Rejection is not defeat !! Don't get it twisted! Try Try Again
Your back home:D Family of 5 once again!(:
Come visit us tonight. We are breaking in a new wok!
The fact that I saw lightning ten minutes ago and continue to hear thunder is making my night just so much more enjoyable. :)
google reader is curation central for digital and RSS info
I'm there son!!
Bodemeister, Daddy Nose Best, Creative Cause. Book it.
thank you! I really enjoy both of my optics (35 & 80 w/ Composer) and highly recommend them.
Same day Delivery Solution for ALL your Courier Service needs! Open 24 hrs a day, 7 days a wk! www.lonestardeliveryonline.com 877-527-5737
Judging from my timeline, I am not the only one with a girl crush on
what part we on the way to Dallas
Check out during tomorrow's 13TH Annual Walk/Run for Awareness & Hope at CBS Studio Center in Studio City tomorrow morning!
me too
what happend to your last acct?
Luv filming part of my second video at Bean Groovy - Thanks Brian <3 you all
So when u going to Korea now?
I'm a highlighter. Your a crayon. You may color the world, But I make it brighter.
..bastard! No follow aloud? Ah, trey trey desole', mon cheri..ciao! -Stronodelarosa
ugh I don't know if I can.. Or if I care enough to try!
Pretty picture ! :)
Why does it look like Carlos Boozer drew on his hair with a Sharpie??? Smh
Enjoy and snack up during #SLS12 break
Everyone thinks me and my mom are so close, but really, its the opposite of that.
can't wait to come in next week to shop for my new job!
With Boychuk being assigned to the Rochester Americans, is there still a chance we get him back or is he gone for good? Thanks
Aw #oomf got him a lil girlfriend. Im so happy for him<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
thanks for the warning, think we can handle and her partner in crime....Xo! ;)
4 Climate communication gaps: it's happening now, it's us, we have a choice, & scientists agree.
Can we plz get Greg on Twitter? : Thanks to Greg Ratliff and everyone who attended our session.
Sweeney Thank you for having your Mother's Day Cooking Party at Piccolo Chef!
Chargers, you're breaking our hearts!
Just embarked on a project where I'm writing a 21 day challenge on making money online - both fun and challenging.
Taking down the arena is making me sad
Good luck to all of you on your panels at #AWP12! And have fun. :-)
OMG TODAYS BEEN THE BEST DAY EVER followed me & so did Harry Styles !!
This mother fuckers shirt says Yolo ....
when the batter finishes some of his swings on his knee he means business!
Condolences, Rough one yesterday. The G-Men are tough, and the NFLRZ Chat love for Prince was too much to overcome.
im done
Smoking pole made me so relaxed and happy that I actually got to fall back asleep.... so sweet.
THANKS, Emily! What a day of remembrance - thanks 4 joining w/ us!
Skip, we're startin an all new twitter page 4 the revolution of baseball in Miami RT & get REAL FANS & plyrs 2 follow!
Duty is a word I don't miss. 7 years of no midnight phone calls and counting!
the dude is an idiot. He wont cry, he said he says what he believes...he's apologizing because the teams making him
Just cleaned my oven. Without letting it catch on fire this time.
Thanks to everyone who requested "Bad Mutha" on The Local Buzz w/ on lastnight!
Thanks girl! Enjoy your week and hair, see you next time:)
Just do you...someone will notice!
- I guess 4th time (4th Season) is not the charm.
haha well I'm home now so it's all good
I might need to go to the mall
I hate when females cant find a dude so they magically become bi just so that can have sumeone taking the chances from real bisexual people
when i listen to country music, my southern accent comes out. it's bad. #whathappenswhenyouhaveamixofasouthernandnorthernaccent .
On display at
YAY! RT : Had a great time! Thanks to those who organized!
#Canucks fans getting a little cheeky after #Canucks stave off elimination
Not sleeping tonight
anyone have a clue as to who might sell #gratefuldead hoodies with a bolt all the way down the back? they're at mtn jam, ne fests
No one wants to help trend Rushers Rule The KCAs? #WheresMyBTRFamily?
oh haha yea I love them!
Every museum needs a tweeting dog.
told you... Been following you for years
I am NOT liking the new twitter!
ANOTHER COMMERCIAL BREAK? I'm done.
Hopefully it's some hoe'x at tha fair tonite...
We'll have a both a clown troupe and a paramedic unit standing by! :D
Woo-hoo! Congratulations, lady! That's amazing news.
Ditto-- Thanks for the tweet!
Hi Judy I bet you're pretty busy right now. Keep rocking!
Undergraduates, when you don't staple or number your papers you cannot be mad when I assume you only turned in two pages
LOOK AT MY LAST RT. refresh the page & vote for Austin again :D
First time ever to try craigslist - listed office space I have for rent and 6 calls already! Wish I had tried it a long time ago.
yup, she's been out there for 8 years or so and did meet her fiance out there too
Which ones? Very little of the good stuff aside from Tokaj is available in the US.
Power point about how to do Excel
S/o to meeting up with reminded me that we gotta get back on what we started. Any word from kmk?
RT : "Everyone loves a flash mob!"
If you are a non U.S. Cycling coach, DM me if you would like to record a class for our latest Spain DVD series.
So indecisive
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 6.) Technology! why must u always crash down on me when i need u the most!??!! HUH?!!!!!
can Dasan come?
Yes! Love it!!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you run out of awkward moments.
Or trying to avoid capture by Interpol.
I wanna be a metal bender now!
your book has made a great gift for the women in my life .... lkn fwd to reading it myself..
it's when you refresh too much twitter cuts ya off to tell ya to slow the fuck down. Lol I wish it were real!
AND I LOVE IT
Thanks to for this past friday and to everyone that came out! What a great time, with great beer! !
wheres a picture of her?
To get the wino foursquare badge, do you have to go the a wine place 5 days in a row or can you split it up? Do you remember?
"in this hour there'll be ten thousand funny videos that are uploaded- that aren't funny." -brilliant
have you seen what we just setup here? bxt.me/ncvs2010 Hey #ncvs! get the TweetNotes from the ENTIRE conference. Every tweet.
Make you a skypeee !
The secret of success is constancy to purpose. -Benjamin Disraeli
Just saw the Obama-Sphero video. Super cool. Hope all is well with you guys!
the same hahaha
Thanks for showing our SURA students around the studio today. You've inspired them to be just like you & we think thats great.
I hope not :( if they do... Idk what I'm gonna do
I'm starting to feel a little better.... Thank You Jesus .....
Lost half a toenail to punk rock last night.
#EMAC students, there were zmail issues yesterday. If you do not receive a response from me w/in 24 hrs pls (nicely) re-email. Many thx.
i have one more class, one more hour of my undergraduate career...wow.
So glad u enjoyed! RT : amazing night with the best friends I could ask for and the rest of Manhattan #LOVE my life
#1 rule during arguments: if you're losing, start correcting their grammar.
Yes we do, thanks so much!
Exchange concert at the Shanghai Conservatory today, and then back to the US tomorrow!
I like your pic:)
"Tenderly" is finished and set to go to radio, but God is intervening wonderfully!!!! release maybe pushed back a lil!
Thanks for filling the Secret Style Suite closets and
crazy cold outside if u dont have to leave stay home warm in your bed :)
#SexisBetterWhen when im hittin it n make her speak another language i papi
Good morning babies <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
hey i added all my followers pimp me how are all you doing out there new pic's just uploaded check them out ;D
lol so true.. who knows... they might win once?
looking forward to dinner Wednesday
When I was young, I told my parents...."When I grow up, I want to be a musician." Now I have come to the realization that....You can't...
...but you do
Got invited to a LinkedIn power users event in May...pretty cool.
Trust me, "Ghostbusters In Hell" is better left dead. Dan couldn't even get Ghostbusters 2 right.
Only two days left on INCOMPLETE PASSES giveaway on #Goodreads! Get your name in!
It's fake, dummy!
We all want the same shit. It's just how we achieve at getting that shit.
Dynamic Productivity and Organizational Guide: Secrets to getting and staying motivated, achieving your goals, more free time, more money
SEO Rob - twitter.com/expert
Ok...you're Terry Ryan: What do you do with this #Twins roster?
Big fan of your show David. Special memories watching your show with my grandfather. I adore Pearl Jam too. :D <3
GO ON
wanna explain why you keep following and then unfollowing me? Is it a yolo thing?
Happy birthday to my best friend, my mom, and Walt Disney today! What a day to celebrate!
Starlings are believed to come from northern Norway.
no other company incites anger in me quite the way at&t does.
Happy Birthday to The Prince Of Soul Brother MARVIN GAYE! B
hey man, sent you an email
perfect match.
thanks for the follow :)
thanks for the follow!
Downloading music, its such a passtime :)
ENOUGH!!! thats like ur 20th tweet on football. Give it a rest
i think it is now finally cold enough to wear my new headband from !
Nice! My day has turned out better than I expected thanks:) so what're you up to?
Good Morning, Thanking the man up above everyday for my blessings.
You just described a typical #DC politican. MT OBAMA is a pathological liar, an opportunistic community agitator.
I alwys get distracted....now to announce what I came in here for: KAYA JUST MADE SHE-SHE IN THE TOILET FOR THE 1st TIME!! (Y)
Austin, Tx bound! So ready to see family, frosty margaritas and friends. Home is sweet.
I often struggle with the thought, am I robbing my children of their childhood by forcing them to grow up in such a Violent community?
Love. Peace. Respect. Music.
RT tons of new articles, interviews and free downloads at www.ShowtimeXposure.com
uh hi. How are you?
Frankly I don't think any such sentence has even been frank, let alone true. Well, except for that one.
My Favorite Year 1992 The Chronic Album was Released!! Where's RBX? Still no Detox... oh it's coming out tomorrow
Let me know when your new web-site is active .. i produce and i am also looking for new record label for 2012 Tour..Thanks!
Depression is nothing to laugh at, but a depressed person is.
Me thinks this is momentum.
What about the animated series? And the video game? You're through the looking glass here.
it's like riding a bike. It will come back to you and You'll feel your way through it.
Have you considered scotch, instead of polar bears? the endgame is obviously free samples.
Brouwer and Kelly.
HAHA Thanks, I'll try to make you proud! RT Get it, giiiirrrlll :-)
Kasey Hill out of Montverde is probably one of the quickest pg i've seen. Kenny Anderson, A.I., Kasey Hill in that order.
You know you're at The Block when your ass has been grabbed more than 5x & it's normal
has over 900 fans! How soon until we can get to 1,000?
Congrats :D
Newt's bus is five minutes away. Or so they say. NEWT-tron bomb. I love politics. I don't care who it is!
Hey we record thursday Ill let you know when you can hear them:) also let us know if we can get on any big 3SP shows next year!
Favorite lunch spot closed-now icky mini mart-boo :(. Happily though ice cream sandwiches now in office vending machines yum!
what's that supposed to mean?...
Kings are no joke!
Last smooth commute on the Alaskan Way Viaduct before #Viadoom. Glad to be going to Hawaii next week. Enjoy the traffic, folks.
RT : ... google just as capable of getting things wrong as the rest us us :) [and we'll still follow them over the cliff cliff]
RT : if there were 3 effective food banks in yr town, you wouldn't start another one. So when starting a thtr co...
Awesome - thank ya!
: Thank u Kaylaaa :D
Been up all night sending in resumes. I need a job. Driving a truck is just not for me.
Grant money from Rotary will provide materials, social work and training.
Great now that I got the orders out (10 new boutiques!) + a little time to organize b4 the NYIGF orders! Thank you CA Gift Show
i saw you in the Huffington Post today. That's kind of a huge deal.
I've cried this whole episode
Not surprising to hear Chris Webber is already bagging on the Mavs.
Outta work can't wait to go home & relax
my thoughts have been shifted/bettered by friends (new and old) - this is what conferences are for -
Monkey from
And we still have some Coronas left over! Glad you could fit it in. BTW, I LOVED the sea glass wine. It is so me :)
true alright hotstuff c ya later ;)
Elle Varner not too bad..
A few of us wondered out loud about Google buying Blackboard. G-learn, anyone?
You should do it, they're 4 floors down from you. :)
Probably the most famous Green Party member is Ralph Nader.
Watching the sunset with you on my mind. I'm missing you.
Thanks for your support Cristina! Enjoy 15% off Medium #MagneticPix using TWITTER at checkout by 4/1/12. Happy Sunday!
I'm comfortable, and I know my surroundings
they may have the skin color wrong, but they are damn right about the name!
... tonight! I'm performing at the #MoustacheRideComedyShow at show starts at 8:30. come thru!
busy season ahead for you! Can't wait to create some beautiful books for your beautiful work!
and theyre like best friends off the court too!“: Cp3 or Tony Parker? i wanna see that mach up”
im goon molly miss lady.i could neva b too hype HYPE 2 I DIE
When you realize your relationship ain't shit now, but everyone has told you before <
Thanks Kelly! Big hugs to Seth!
Thank you! I'll let you know!
Rejection Letter V arrived via email. Worst blow yet. The job for which I had prepared my syllabus for a Chrétien seminar.
Thank you for pulling your ads from #Limbaugh's show. Definitely show of character and decency. Many props.
MENTION ME PLEASE just be like I love u it's ok we all know the truth Dylan lmaoooo is would be in love Wit me 2
When you get a raffle ticket tonight be sure to designate as your beneficiary!!!
No Pressure!
You've got what it takes, but it will take everything you've got.
so done trying please everyone else time to please myself
Just not mentally into the game, etc...
Off to a meeting. Have a fabulous day!
How do you forget a pencil to a final??? We are in college.
Free comic book day!!! Do you know of a store participating? Seems like most of our local stores aren't
Hop is good for beer but Hope is so for me.:D
you rock grandymangFTW14 I'm so ready to go to a Yankee game, especially with @ you guys, 4 real... Yankee baseball baby
that black guy push taylor down so funny
Last time I give my number via twitter
Kids can sniff out those who truly have their interest at heart. Sup could have gone about it a diff (more respectful) way.
Can't wait to see Victoria and Oliver in Young Hollywood talks about #Victorious #MakeItInAmerica :)
I need some more followers
Tonight on MPTV 36 at 11:30pm, talks with of ESPN and CBS Sports about the NCAA #Sweet16 preview.
I want everybody to hear loud and clear that I'm going to be the president of everybody.
If you're not watching #AmericaRevealed on #PBS right now you're missing out.
Here is the “Twilight: Breaking Dawn Part 2 <U+2033> Teaser
soo many earthquakes at a time..something's gotta be wrong
hey, will you be at the region II conference in fort collins? i'll be there, and i'm stopping by GLA on thursday am!
but then was upset because no one used it???
Libraries =content+community ~michael porter YES!
Trading in some games at what do I get? Skyrim or Masters PGA?
we're just script kiddies after all, right? What about script kiddie designers?
Quick poll: How many armbands do you think we'll be able to sell at Lambeau Sunday? (with $4 from each to cancer research)
Bayer's working to strengthen bee population
It took you 13 days to come up with that response?
the intent was to expidite efficiency not to provide police with more power or to take away citizens rights cite me were this is allowed
lol at how im like scared at how loud the wind is...
I love this!!! So true...
I'd imagine the theft itself won't get addressed. But I do wonder if we'll see the housekeeper if, say, Hannah visits her parents.
it's 11:11 making a wish and listening to "11:11" <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Oh yeah, HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our bass player, Michael Skaggs!
I would like to find out what else Andrew Bynum finds easy. That way I can avoid them.
Hey, enjoy all the rain.
my God is mighty to save <3
from SXSW you were with us man!
Anderson, Gloria....You are UNDESERVING to be called JOURNALISTS. You are but PARTISAN MORONS.
get used to hearing "hey you were awesome in bellflower" so you know
lets all just be happy friends and love each other
I miss you!
This is how you know your kid is gonna be a beast one day: The girl's dance recital is Sunday. She's dancing as Snow White. +
These playoff hockey games are the only thing keepin me goin everyday.
I'm not wrappin no gifts 4 xmas, they going n gift bags, lol!!!!
ya but what does tyga have to do with golf?LOL
Great use of QR code, using my smart phone to scan & enter airport & gate to plane 't get any easier, no paper needed!
#tnla12 There is a gap btw what people know and what we offer. Now we make them cross the space, figure us out. Libn's need to cross space.
Thank you all who participated in the annual Mothers Day Botox party. It was a great success.
for Anaheim 1 supercross not OR dumbass! But don't worry I'll try to keep your secret under wraps haha
FUCK YEAH BRO. IT WAS FUN CHILLIN TOO>
absolutely. I don't know how to talk about this stuff without also talking about teaching & pedagogy.
No better smell than fresh cut grass on a sweet spring morning
Saw 'Lost Girl' on Sci Fy -- interesting, tamer version of True Blood weirdies walking among us.
pop it! I love popping pimples lol. Or buy safe guard soap :) it helps a lot with acne.
is VERY excited to be so collaborative in 2012!
lol I love it to c(:
Heavenly Hawaii: Dos and don&#39;ts
Haha! It's all good! :)
Bitch you aint no barbie- i see you work at arbys- number 2 super size hurry up i'm starvin, gnarly, radical, on the block i'm magical [;
Just got back from Newest exhibit, "Push-Play" will encourage us grown-ups to use our imaginations once again....
the food i'm eating right now >>>>>>>
improving access to healthier foods & reinforcing those pos choices can alter feeding behavior & decrease obesity
Save the trees, wipe your butt with an owl
sad to say goodbye to the food of ny, but happy to come home to some good mexican food.
Trust in Allah(God), but still tie up your camel. Use your tongue as a sword and books as your ammo. KNOWLEDGE IS POWER
awww where's the fun in that?! Haha
Jessica and Joshua in the finals.
For once, I just wish you'd care about what I want and stop thinking about what you want and looking at all the negatives.
what's sad is the Seahawks play in the worst division in football and they still stink haha
If someone at Casa Bava were to get on ds106 radio, that would cheer me up/distract me.
PEPPERCORN TUNA: Torched Tuna covered in grounded black peppercorns on a bed of daikon, served with ponzu. Find out more 106 West Seeboth.
great to meet you!!
im watching it ! Ahaa
- aw! anything to make your heart happy!! :-)
finishing up this episode of house them going to bed cant wait to get a mew phone.. catch ya later twitter XOXO Amanda Lynn
i can't answer omg :(
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without. - Buddha
(that's not actually my new jam. it's my month-long jam.)
- Thanks for the RT!
Tweet away world. Someone is reading. I need more reading material
Hear here!
Alf liked to call 900 numbers until Kate and Willie blocked them.
It hauls toes? Or did you mean tow truck?:-)
Tumblr seems to be littered with crankiness usually. Darn kids and their angst.
I mean... certainly open to asking around if something's going on... but that's true, as well.
Now that it's spring, do you see a change in your utility bill?
Study time, Bible style!
The Wine Group, the world's third largest winery by volume, announced it has entered into U.S. distribution agreement with Bodegas Trapiche
Love is... Your mate making a three hour drive to come have dinner with you; then having to drive back!! My WW is the best!
you guys are still engaged right? :)
THAT'S SO BAD! Kick them back!
GBP was what I was going for there. Forgot the initials feh.
There were 9 of us then, only 7 of us left!
You are wrong and history will prove it. My straight marriage is only threatened by divorce rates, not more people marrying.
San Antonio: Severe Thunderstorm Watch and Flash Flood Watch. Some t-storms today could produce large hail and strong winds.
It's amazing what good a small thing can do sometimes.
I'm either going to kill myself or somebody else I'm so mad.
so this is what insomnia feels like...
haha cool, ey its up to you man
Are you expecting me to make sense? Hah!
Hello, all! I'm the founder of - a new Chicago-based app that gives you cash back & donates to charity on every purchase!
worst cf to hit hr in majors?
Happy bout day! Killah Bees v Elm City $5 narragansett rink!
The final draft of the book is DONE and at the publisher! Hallelujah!!
thanks for posting buddy ;)
Commission is recessing till 12;45.
I keep wondering if I could get away with declaring a PJ week. haha
The Seven: Tangled Webs is right around the corner! Can't wait to see the shows and the other great events in Savor Albuquerque
So many good productivity tips here. Best one is brain dump for me. Feels so good to get it all out.
op #backup lol
myvinespot When in Denver try these great joints. Rioja, Tomayo. All downtown on/near Larimer St
I can't #livemylife like this. Waking up at noon, getting laid on a reg, drinking as a part time job.. you know.. It really is tough
I feel tired but my body refuses to go to sleep..too much on my mind..so many business plans and business ventures
Let Individuality shine BRiGHT,No Matter any Situation <3 BeYourSelf <3 LoVe ENVY PROTEGE
SS. Let it happen big guy RT What is Boston doing, they just stopped playing defense, no rotations
super sorry I missed you!
Quiet before the storm
Doin the best I can
DJohnson out with a broken collar bone...tough luck.
With the warmer temps, are you starting early on your 'spring' cleaning?
Watch the award winning recruitment video here... www.cinecraft.com
We are going to see the show Spiderman later today
Do you keep the tags on or off? i know you do sometimes to your hats...
On my way to the for the final show of - I'm gonna miss it. Oh Scamander, let's make it a great one
i feel your pain. ;-)
I want a #Fiat Abarth now. That car just looks fun.
You mean, to complement the rotisserie?
Closed today. Takin some sniffling, sneezing, runny nose, coughing, achy head, fever so I can rest medicine
excetera was hot!
RT : That really happened.
Went to the ballgame last night and watched the Rockies boot yet another one. No Roctober this year me thinks.
weekly dose of watching legends and getting physically ill watching the clowns mash
Todays earthday! Well officially it was yesterday, but its really everyday!! Love the Mother!! Care for her!
Brittany! Are you going to the Mint shows?!
#FashionStar is so awesome! I have been waiting for months! looks #FABULOUS!!!!!
Gotcha babe
Hot dog race!!!!
you so nasty. Lol
Dance Gavin Dance >>> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><3
to John: thanks for the comment on my review. great show. too bad abt ke$ha. see you next time.
I worry Pierce will play in slow motion tonight like he did at the end of Tuesday's game? What do you think?
can't do it I got booked last minute commercial shoot in Wellesley. Gotta reschedule or skype me :: jerkomorizzo
someone on here referred to women as "females" and was shocked when I told him that we're women, not females
don't you live there?? Besides it might be fun and they have garbage plates!!!
really? What happwned?
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life - W. Churchill
: I was right. Full blown cold today. I really hate I'll miss !
Boom Bap Effect tonite , Hip-Hop Open Mic feat. producers Premise, DJ Vex and Geeman - more beats than u know what to do wit
sure go ahead, Wake County is on the left, Mecklenburg is on the right, both v impt in General Election
you cant make jokes without context or over-the-top sarcasm...read it back to urself & just think if it sounds like a joke or not
Basic graphic design tip #5: An effective logo must be memorable. Is your brand memorable?
. is always the neutral touchstone for all things Apple. When confusing, go to for truly balanced analysis.
I didn't think it was that rude, there could've been other reasons. Maybe it wasn't even him, or he's just. pissed.
Its raining... So the sky must be crying for my last day of spring break.
heh, "naked" mandolin-ing is the only way to go!!
Exactly. Yet they ask for donations. If I can't finish a podcast because it's too long per episode, it loses value for me.
- Myself, I like Smirnoff Vodka straight so I can feel the burning feeling all the way down!
We are so happy that the San Diego History Center has jumped on board Diversity Platinum Rewards offering 5% off their banquet hall rentals!
How are people wearing coats right now??
I hope Denver is on that list! Are you announcing all cities today?
our infrastructure partner is having issues w/ server outages..new signups & plan builds may fail. Should be clear by weekend!
met with the AIDS Foundation and Equality Illinois this morning to talk about budget issues
outside is the nicest side
I registered for RocCity 2.0 Event on 5/17 but did not receive a confirmation back. Is that okay, not okay?
#MoreFemalesShould TEXT BACK WHEN THEY START CONVERSATION'S
I can't say I understand or support all O's decisions. But I think our econ would be a lot stronger w/o R obstruction
I like that better! Good choice
Yeah I'm a dog and I don't give a Damn, if you want a boyfriend you need to find another nigga then.
wondering how it is i managed to loose a bottle of wine.
Are fricken kidding me?!Omg I'm soo sorry if you got anything from me,I'm so sorry,I got hacked.
me me me please
i don`t have any !
That would be the worst thing ever!
thought I put away my winter coat for good this past weekend. sigh.
Where are you? ._.
They say treat life like a party too much, considering the life i live i dont party enough
S/O to ALL my new 32 followers (:
Love it: spam email inviting me to send my info in order to receive payment for "scam victims compensation."
If the root of social distress, is poverty and ignorance. Why #NATO?
I was just thinking about that this morning. Best entrance in the business.
Help, followers! I can't RT AND add to the RT -- it's called "quote" on my Android app. #stillanewb, #twitterhelp,
Tonight's agenda: eat dinner, finish The Arrival for ME2, at 8:50 start repeated refreshes of Origin, stay up way too late playing
Had a similar incident on a flight to Israel. MT : woman refuses ultra-ortho men's demand that she moves to back of bus bit.ly/rCOuWX
Someone bring me lunch. I'm starving! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088> pwease! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
sweet pickles are not the best...spears homie
thanks for including my photo!
if you run in to at GABP remind him that he has a twitter account. Not a tweet in 644 days. I would enjoy his insight!
it'll go great, congrats!
You're a fag.
Ron Paul looks like a man among boys.
Instead of focusing on your weaknesses, focus on your strengths.
hugs and kisses(:
Little children, let us not love in word or talk but in deed and in truth. 1 John 3:18
Thanks for the mention for #FF!
Hahaha very very true. I have a funny story about watching Ghost Protocol I'll have to tell you nxt wk.
sleep, hell weeks ultimate bread and butter
Haven't talked to Autumn all day .. #ImDead ..
Really!!!! My hard was working at home now I get to the club it anit working at all!!! Wtf
Not to mention a tail. And a nervous, chattering energy. I may pull this out of the bag yet!
good idea.
DANG(: haha sorry I was watchin a movie did u got to bed?
You're fortunate! is delicious!
after sending it to 363636 I sent it too 383838 now please follow me?
Iron Man > Hulk > Thor > Black Widow > Hawkeye > Captain America
RT : If SAS play BOS N the Finals, will AARP be a sponsor? (That joke is older than Dick Bavetta LOL #Inside))
I spent thirty minutes today trying to lick my balls then realized I don't have any.
new blog post! Automotive Interior DIY video. Come view it, comment, and help me grow! www.shadowglacier.blogspot.com
Can we get this stupid Patriots-Giants game over, already? It's basketball season, damnit!
>.< what the. No it's not xD
Glad you enjoyed - and early happy bday!
Its not a lot but its enuff when you want it
they had him hooked up to a lot of monitors. They will want you to be as comfortable as possible. They may do a vid of you sleepin
I heard you've got a whisky aged beer, and that makes me thirsty. Tell me about it?
someone's trying to be popular and talk to the popular kid
I wanna go to yogurt land everyone says its good but ive never had it
Jack in the Box "tacos." Reminded me of soft-shelled crab, oddly enough.
#OneThingilove would be a nice walk in the rain with my boyfriend at night :)
Watching the new glee! It's already amazing!
oh noo dear I think they outlawed whaling lmfaooo!
If I saw Russel Martin on the street with that mustache I would think he was a rapist.
I'm half way through and I'm pretty much already inclined to agree. I'm going to power through and finish it.
Hey are you coming to the MUR Design Meeting this Tuesday to cover the unveiling of the new Terrace Designs. 6:00 pm
Heat nation!!!!
***CAN Y'ALL PLEASE CONTACT ME FOR TONIGHTS SHOW IN HOUSTON** IM A PHOTOGRAPHER AND TRYING TO GET IN CONTACT WITH SOMEONE THNX
Best day ever at the Grove with !!!!! We have to do it again!!!!!!!!
Hey, I'm Tim,friend of Bambi.I directed/filmed her video.Let me know if/when you need a music video she speaks highly of u !
“: I don't want you to leave but it's for the best #NoHomo #CrewForever ” can't believe he's moving !
Broncos Country wants a third Lombardi Right Flipping now!
dress warm tomorrow! its gonna rain >:l dont want you getting sick <3
Don't know when changed it so you could set your board cover but I LOVE it! Thanks for continuing to surprise.
I don't know much about football, but at some point you have to PLAY TO WIN THE GAME! Throw the ball!!!
For the past 10 years, we've built the translator for business commerce, focused on the #networkedEconomy. - Kevin Costello at
can you explain to me the weather term for when it only rains hard during the 2 minutes I'm outside doing a live shot??
Pls don't base your opinion of STL on crowd at the funny bone.U need to go to a monster truck rally to know my people.Libbie:)
Never fake who you are. Someone will like you for being yourself.
Happy Birthday from Chicago!
. It's CUATRO, not catorce! Catorce means 14, not 4. Damn Bono & "Vertigo" screwed up everybody.
#mayoragan recommends Patients Like Me and Alliance for Health as successful health and wellness community sites.
awe you look so adorable ^_^
I am ok, no phones working! Love to all family hope
It's fuck with they only talk about u. And old shit I'm on new shit
#yam RT: Steve Jobs and Ev Williams are similar: their products do less than existing approaches but I use (& love) them more
Great meeting you last night! Hope you're enjoying #factorcon today. I'm loving it :) I'm sure we'll see you this evening.
Thanks a bunch !
Such a great match going on rt now -- but I need it to finish in 45 minutes so I can put video on the news! k. thx.
I love being slapped in the face when I'm reading "Radical Together." Word by word, letter by letter I'm slapped I the face!
about an inch so far up here in Divide. Coming down at a decent rate.
If they don't they really should! Give betheny frankel some competition :).
Maryland approves same sex marriage
Thanks for the follow. Some tasty wines out of NC.
I look at it not as a circle, but as an exquisite origami of dumbassery.
hahah no =p
Sweep the leg of the rest of the NFL
Have any questions about a smog give us a tweet and we will be glad to assist :)
2day iis UNESCO’s World Book Day, chosen due 2 the anniversary of Cervantes’ death, as well as Shakespeare’s birth & death. #blwriters RT
Yeah, need to get out of my own way already.
Its sad when at your pep assembly, the cheerleaders dance to shrillex .
Maggie <U+2665> haha i don't remember your real name :D
Watching Top Gear in Bloomington with The Vorticists, our hosts for the evening, before trekking to Grand Rapids.
I'll be jealous if you have it in Hattiesburg for the weekend. I might not have mine in time, but it'll be waiting for me
Yeah... I just saw that on a US update twitter... Well, we'll just have to hear what the news is tomorrow!
RT : To tap into essential online education & communication programs for senior care that empower and inspire, #FF !
hi:) no it was Sam's b-day! Fun night downtown.
Interesting! Thanks for sharing.
We're on our way to the happy land of Target we'll high five you on the way out! Or face hug... It's your call :)
Tillett observes that organizations are "terrible" at "deprovisioning access"
#kettlecorn!!! I been eating a lot lately! Anything I can find I'm eating! Bout to fry some bacon lol
been to long:(
Filled up a gas tank for the first time in awhile and it cost almost as much as my month long bus pass. Why are we not investing in transit?
"I'm what they call a predatory gay #butnotreally #imstraightasfuck" I adore you
For all the devastated dudes who heard about Lykke Li, you probs weren't gonna have a fulfilling relationship anyway
Thanks for the follow!! :)
Be empty of worrying. Think of who created thought
u got mad skills
Never say never ;) <U+2665>
I'm sorry :o Y U NO SLEEP MOAR
You aint seen what i seen
A huge thank you yet again to the #LTDArmy for helping us get so many listens on the page! You all rock!
Bryan Davis' status: "Who wants to earn some beads?"... tool.
Stop it.
Surely! RT : Happy Thursday to ya!#follow :)
done wow beautiful.
cool, keep meaning to try it. always end up at zaytinya (also great) when i'm that area.
Hello beautiful, who sprinkled gorgeous on your coco puffs this morning?
Pet peeve: people doing lat pulldowns behind their neck
A lost Dachshund was found swallowed whole in the stomach of a giant catfish in Berlin on July 2003
Mwahahahah!! RT Just ordered some weekend shoe options from - also is EVIL.
Very surprised to learn that at least 400 people in Philly are over 100 years old.
Do you know a place/person in the Los Angeles area that can repair an oud?
There are a few things in the oven! ;-)
Watching BEHIND THE MUSIC: :D yeah boy!!
What qualifications does one have to possess in order to become a judge?
Can't wait! will see you there for fabulous services! RT: #FNO is tom at Fashion Valley! Kickoff at 6pm!...
aww yucks! i am anti-legumes. not #21DSD approved either if you are doing that. ever try pecan butter? walnut/pecan?
hasn't happened yet. They'll be here June 13-22 for our pop-up newsroom, Engine28.com covering all things theater in LA. Visit!
So, it turns out I'm done cleaning on that room for right now. I'm over halfway done! SHWEET NIPPLES! Lol. x
...thanks, I'll keep that in mind xD Your gonna make them so sick u jerk lol
i c the negative as here 2 tch us, so really pos
Great quote from idol (my wife watches it), "question: what are you sweating? Answer: mostly water". Funny!
pandora is crazy good right now!
Newly released at ITunes, ICANSIA App #Chinese to American Accent. $4.99 till December 31/11 To help the dialogue between us
yep. And their trip to jail without clothes.
. imagining TEI ODD as a way of modeling something like historiography, scholarly self-consciousness
daddy told mommy she had Chinese eyes.
Just embrace it! Own it! I like to laugh at myself as much as I laugh at others.
Happy Law Day! The legal system may well suck where you are, but it's worse most other places in the world.
Mc. Gee is schooling Bynum out there,I thought Bynum was the all pro.?
no katy was trying to be a crab.. i don't like crabs..
A little too much bronzer there Jac, your face is a different color than your hands
All I do with my time is do homework and watch The Hills on Netflix, I need a life
the first day of the rest of our lives:) you up for it?
Subway < Lenny's.
Looking for male vocalist, contact only if serious
I want an Iphone.
Dude, you keep forgetting the hashtag.
Still getting used to notes on the iPad. Evernote or google docs? Decisions decisions.
Csi Miami on TV
already sold it. I'm upgrading to a new MacBook Pro for my "company computer". Tired of having two machines.
I think I sense a blog post brewing from UVa UX :) Sometimes I think visual priority gets muddled in composite approaches.
Who says you're not perfect.
Excited to give recently renovated a try this weekend. Haven't been in ages. Who would like to be my date?
where did you have most of your work done?
Tertullian was okay until he wasn't.
Tuesday!! and one up early on Mon for my twitter-ers!!:) RT When are you going to have more songs on Itunes?
On This Day: May 12, 1780, Charleston, South Carolina fell to British forces.
Tina's going away... is finally legal. They're just growing up so fast!!
Wow what a game, my nerves are shot!! Mizzou takes the win!!! Bite it Kansas scum!!!!!
lol! And that Andre Leon Talley will be over the top and want everything for free.
Dont tell me the sky iss the limit when there are Footprints on the moon…
my work friends make my day <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2600>
I was on a plane with David Simon. I was very upset because I had nothing meaningful to say.
I want to go to australia so bad.. maybe one day
I'm comin over for that
Like an e-cigarette they should make an e-joint, now that would sell :)
Thanks! will do!
eleportay is a great word in pig latin.
Brian I wanted to get your input on my #ExperienceJoeRogan app in the Droid Market (App Store soon). DM me.
Oh okay thanks for letting me know:) I can't wait to see them!
Dad's birthday and the Rapture.
Hey there! We, fans, want you to give us more seasons of 90210, please! We'd be very happy! Thank you!
Delicious! Also loved Luke.
Mitt Romney was 18 ys old when he bullied a fellow student, the same age as many of our active-duty soldiers. Spoiled snob.
Thanks! Did a great job printing them!
Air permit means that much closer to jobs for Hawaii Island — 30 or 40 permanent jobs; 80 construction jobs for a year.
All these horses names are so Funny, I Love it..
After your audition, come across the street to fill your nervous belly with food & drinks!
Can't even explain how happy I am right now.
right but in the past the "hidden" constituted a very small part of the overall number, now it's far greater and gives a distorted#
that's very cool!
Girl: “I love Cody Simpson." Me: “I love Jake, Josh, Campbell, Alli, Brad, Matt & Angie too!” Girl: “Who are they?” Me: “GET OUT OF HERE!”
HA, for me, that's "nostalgie de la boue."
Hooper carried gunpowder from the warship's magazine to its guns & was 8 in July, 1812 when the USS Comet left for the Caribbean Sea.
I wouldn't walk 500 miles for Taco Bell, but I definitely would for a signed #Community script.
Fact: A new franchise business opens every 8 minutes of every business day.
one day at a time living through it
all thoughtful art writing can be used by the market for its ends. being anti market makes you marketable.
Boogiedabeat is today!!!! Grand canyon university! Well be holding down the pre partying throwin down anything that's got the stank of...
weird how the neighbors I don't even know or like asked to jump on my trampoline..
So Met Office computer....where's the rain??Sun shines in Newark !
I just saw you on !!! You were absolutely amazing! You're such an idol!:* <3:)
im alright, how are you?
Oh, I'll be watching!
ooh what party?
hey is your meeting near downtown Boston?
Memphians may want to start calling them selves Mamphibians.
hey whats up hit me back..
Sounds awesome! Have a beer for me ;)
Great day at Cinco de Mayo volunteering for the Colorado Hispanic Republicans. Met so many great people @ Civic Center Park!
The fact that I have to take the EOC today pisses me off <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
It's from skyperbating..wait...“: What's up with the bald spot on his Brendon's head? Is he selling some his hair on eBay? #BB13”
Listening to #Adele's 21 today in honor of her awesome grammy wins last night. I will attribute my tears to pregnancy hormones...yeah.
Which one? Where on Capitol. Probably not :)
Red~ Get busy living or get busy dying.
Wow! That's really good!
I love the riddles that you speak <3
Beer sommeliers pair spicy food with citrusy beers, rye beers with roasted meats and smoked dishes with light lager. Texture, spice matter.
<U+0430><U+0430><U+0430><U+0430><U+0430><U+0430>)))))) funniest thing ever! really??????
Welcome! // “: New to Twitter and recommended: NYT White House correspondent ”
feeling good is not an action i am currently participating in
Mgr Durham tells his OF after a misplayed flyball, "C'mon man, there are no bad hops in the sky"...Easy for a guy 60ft from homeplate to say
Hey, Del! Just sent you an e-mail! Still struggling to get the printing done!!! I hope this time is a "charm!" :)
dunno bout me but i know bout you so say hello to falsetto in 3<U+20E3> 2<U+20E3> swag.
oh goodness...i will take that as a compliment. When life doesn't go your way it provides LOTS of wrtng material as it's
np, if you have any other questions, just let us know at Support (at) simplegeo (dot) com
likewise Chris. Best of luck!
i followed back nigga !
Thank god for work.
you need to learn & move on!
This whole professional/personal dual-account Tweeting is going to give me a personality complex. I'll keep the experiment alive for now...
guess who wants to pump it?
I've never meet a teenager who wasn't a dick.
Thanks for your tweet! Please email us at so we can better assess the exact location.
Well... I like it soo HMPH! :]
Kobe gonna be pissed. He calling for the ball and the team is ignoring him
doesn't matter to me
Why get up? LOL : LOL RT : RT : Have you ever wondered what mornings would be like without coffee? <<...
you should just stop by the house on your way, you're probably going to drive within about 3mins of me on I-70 anyway lol
Big girls need lovin' too.....and I'm willing to provide it.
so long, no tweets -- maybe back?
it's also fire code. :-)
Its not where you are from.. its where you are.
ur such a homer! Harbaugh doesn't know how to win with class if you were a Lions fan you would be siding with Schwartz
OMG!!!! CONGRATS ON YOUR LOGO PLACEMENT!!!! You're a Rockstar!
Yes indeed , is the best church this side of the Jordan. Won't disappoint.
Goodluck at your game <U+E414><U+E00E><U+E42A>
As you can see, my twitter name is no longer it is now yay!!!!!
yeah my brothers thought it was funny
is it after school
I want an iPhone camera that doesn't make amazing moonrises look unimpressive.
White truffle risotto for family again, I could get used to this
No doubt, no doubt. We should hit up the man HIMSELF!
1 golden ticket goes to... ! Ping for details!
I am happy that Pandora knows that Mondays are for Green Day.
Would you rather be sour tomorrow or sorry tomorrow
yes yes yes! c/o 2016 :D
I'm trying b one
#YouKnowYouSoftWhen you cry when someone looks at you and you cry.
Can't wait to see what does with this situation when he takes the stage shortly. Will keep all of you posted.
": When you're next to me, there's no place I'd rather be. -Casey James"
Listening to the nerdiest first date ever. They are discussing analytics, asian social networks and who is a must follow on twitter
H.w time T.T
Not at the moment. Working on cosmic dance series & have 2 babies at home. :)
thanks Adrian!!! Hope you are well.
I am! Sent DM.
Hannah Fletcher <3 !
Exactly 10 weeks until #Orioles Opening Day!!! Will you help pack the yard on April 6th against the Twins?
I don't really like my painting teacher she's kinda annoying
Tom Joad would kick John Galt's ass. #WhatWouldTomDo #wiunion (it can be any Tom, right?) ;)
That rezoning 4 Norwood area...been approved yet? Might have a new shopping area behind Expo Center before long.
Existing infrastructure, and existing expertise to preserve and provide access to all information.
To win you must also be a Fan on Facebook! Facebook.com/ChristmasEverydayClothing. Like us now!
City Cuts Ribbon At Jackson International The late Maynard Holbrook Jackson, Jr., would have been proud to see this day come to fruition.
tomorrow wil be a better day!!
Good on Susan Collins for breaking party ranks and supporting the
yeah. It was. Only things I disliked were that the original joker died and the batman was not good.
nothing worth having EVER comes easy...
Do you guys need a web designer? Your website is just an empty directory.
After the earthquake, the hurricane and what not, I'll finally be able tomorrow to meet my students of #poetry at
who are you
Messy hair today and I'm not going to do nothing about it. (;
lol I know and that sucks that's why I made a twitter lol
Awesome, I had some classes with Josh. I traveled with the team in 06 to Orlando for the semi's.
That's good. If it didn't I'd be worried about you. Plow on through it, then you can reread it. Think I've read it 15x or so
"Hi, do you have a copy of The Hunger Games?" And they were surprised when I said 85 people are waiting.
Thank you for the follow. We look forward to seeing your readers at our upcoming exhibition!
You should pay attention to people when they're mad, that's when the truth comes out.
You think he could meet with us next Tuesday after we go to Hamilton?
Idk why Facebook does that . They need to get laid.
Oh YES!RT :Have U ever had a message you wanted to send SO BAD but "something" wouldn't let you? THANK GOD FOR THE HOLY GHOST!
alright you are on the list. :]
and its not funny so why are you laughing tour ass off(tay voice)
A1. My perfect vacation would be anywhere w/ my guy where I don't have to be responsible for anything
In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread, till thou return unto the ground; for out of it wast thou taken: for dust thou art,
I like the phrase "nothing to sneeze at" because it implies that some things are worth sneezing directly AT and I want to watch that happen.
#TheWorstFeeling is when u wnt to move on but u dnt knw how
whoa when did you get Twitter?!
your beautiful don't forget that < 3 , my feelinsforyou are so real there realer than real (x ! < 3 I love you < 3
Waiting for a Pro
your overqualified! Haha
Gonna Give u the straight truth: It isnt cute when u front on me its sorta ruder and annoying sorry had to tell u the truth
Just had my last class as a sophomore.
sure! Would love to. Have a biz related question for u. Dm me your phone number.
Thank You Dear;)
since when does a person shot another person than kill themseleves and the incident doesnt get investigated? hm
Hey, there. How's the writing going? <U+2600> Matthew
pretty sure someone's pissing in that picture...haha
Fuck it. Im going to Pizza Hut.
lexi thinks the orange is a ball! lmao
Wow at Gaga making the Top Ten on Forbes even after hibernating for like 4-5 months.
Try to track down Yukon Jackson Chocolates. Don't know if they've got a retail store, but the eponymous Jackson is hilarious.
Definitely one of the most informative, helpful (& fun) webinars I've attended in a while. Thx , my brain is churnin'.
Smh black folks no thay can lie
"Hearts all over the world tonight"
Nothing like watching criminals getting their ass whooped to the bad boys theme song
Not letting anything get to me today.
>>>MLM News! Do You Bake( New Company Listing )
YVW! Happy to connect with you!
Okay, we want to hear it: what is your favorite type of cheese on a burger? (Or in our case, INSIDE a burger).
Time yet again for that annual spring ritual:
I know! I'm way behind too. I haven't seen any of season 3 yet. I think you can get the last 5 episodes for free on Hulu.
exactly! “: Me too.. even though that makes me 6'6''. Gonna be too old one day. Might as well live in them now!”
what do u do all day?
Thnx for the #FF! Check them out! Our bros & kick ass band!
I like what I do , and I do what I like .
3rd day on Hawaiian tour Maui. FYI spam is a delicatessen here. Can't wait 4 peanut butter & jelly to get its recognition as BF of champions
you tell me I'm a screwd up mess, that I never listen.
When your phone randomly glitches out and plays music when its in ur backpack.
'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. - Alfred Lord Tennyson
seems to be so appreciative of his fans. Really makes me hope all the best for him in this world! keepin it real!
Aghhhhh mini heart attack:O what he does just by a little thing he did:) lolol
Watching do Insanity at 6:45 in the morning.
Now that's funny right there...I don't care who you are!
Awesome. I Love You Dancer is one of my favorite songs ever in life.
I'm always here just a tweet away <3
You're welcome!
Yeah sometimes I feel like the directioners are overtaking the beliebers. Like theres more of them than there is us :/
Are libraries obsolete? Nah. They're just changing. That title was misleading and the panel kinda stacked
On set. In a red dress. Holding a raw steak. Pictures soon.
There is nothing inherently wrong with taking out cash in a refinance, so long as the cash is used wisely
Darn iforgot my book for class :( n my usb drive today is not a good day for me so far
new twitter: will be tweeting this 4 a bit til i get my followers back. otherwise, is out of service.
Fenty- We are trying to get people out of cars, we are not worried about inconveniencing cars
Hear about 729 Vending on WTOP 103.5 today around 37 minutes after each hour!
FUN!! You ladies enjoy!! <3
It's crazy right? The bats just fall asleep against the Royals. Crazy bullet dodging for like six years.
"If everything could ever feel this real forever. If anything could ever be this good again."
#HappyBirthdayMamaMahone Have a great day! :D
“Courage is not the absence of fear, but the realization that there is something greater than fear.” – Ambrose Redmoon
At Engaging Peace Conference. So much needed inspiration. 12 hours till SAPSounds vid drops.
1st through 10th star of this game is Fleury.
mikey was def going commando
RT : #cobol is well proven for #cardsystem #bankcard on #mainframe or #as400 as mostly used for.
lol.. my father in law says every DIY job requires at least 3 trips to Home Depot
isn't Derby tomorrow?
Thanks for making me sound legit this weekend when Mike was SHOCKED that I was on Twitter.
plese follow me ?
tj maxx in oak creek $40 on clearance. Love love love
Lead off triple...ok.
They didn't get ur number or i would have called, if u have any more questions feel free to call 4123674888 ext 5
Side Show Radio w/Danny13 on Rock103 starts now, we're gonna be on the show doing an interview, check it out!
finally got paid for 3 weeks of work! Now I don't feel guilty about buying some halloween costume accessories for this weekend. :)
WHO... I don't even need to finish this, you all know what's up!
is it no good?
I vote for in the Shorty Awards Finals for #weird because...he's strange
Please follow me , and I love your music and if you guys followed me I would
Shhhii grill in charlotte! RT : I Just Bought Some Burgers “: I may grill later..Whatchall doin?”
I wanna go back to school; and sleep in my zebra cocoon. I'm already sick of being home.. This summer is going to blow.
Thank U Jen :)
This show Extreme Cribs is crazy!
Plane has arrived... Wheels up to DC at 11PM ET
Lots of physical play in the first five minutes. Neither team's giving up anything easy--it's 5-3 Hoyas at the first TV timeout
55% of graduating seniors in 2010 fell short of "basic understanding" of US History. Um, WOW! Is it any wonder we are where we are?
“: you two made my night” anytime :-)
College in the fall seems so far away. Let's just start this already! #Excited!
check Craigslist! Saw some BX8a's on there for about 250.00
I'm looking forward to playing at the Drake Hotel tonight with the Katie Ernst Trio, featuring and Jeremy Cunningham! 8pm-12
My birthday party - Saturday , October 9th , at the Hatfield Mccoy Bowling Alley 1 o'clock .
i had the chance to live in NYC at 17years old, signed with gary scalzo talent, An amazing city @ 17! living by your self!
punched out my brain and filled up my soul tonight with Gospel According to First Squad! Thank you!!
2013/2014 "new new" "im jiggin im fresh" by 500Boyz Watch out for the New Video!!!!!!!!! TEAM F.B.E.
Ravens approaching 300 rushing yards..already their third best output in franchise history.
The 100 syllable sonnet movement. Ready go.
Ok still hasn't shown so here is the link... Sorry havn't done a video in a while lost editing soft ware. Don't like this soft ware.
Always keep an open mind, along with an open heart.
you got a twitter? why? twitter stanks
Inspiration can hit at the oddest times, sometimes best not to rush things.
truer words haven't been spoken
oh my god
How late to work do you have to be before you can just fake your death instead?
Thanks man, we are pumped for the show!! See you there.
Headed home. Derby bound tomorrow
Little girl goes into a barbershop eating a snack. Barber:Ur getting hair on your Twinkie. Girl:I know, I'm getting boobs too
I'll be there. Hopefully there'll be decent cell coverage this time.
My hair is not on point. I can't wait until Thursday.
-Thank you as well for the follow back! We'd also luv to send u music to be considered for the film.
Woo hoo, more Vegans! ;-)
Factoring your Commercial AR (invoices) is not a loan; it is the procedure of buying legitimate AR from your business at a small discount.
HEY thanks for the follow--we are big fans #Cheers!
Resolutions list: NO PROCRASTINATION!!!!!!!1!!11 lol do stoofss do something succesfull make monies ??? PROFIT
ok you better
He's adorable!
oh god. im nervous
thank you for a fantastic night of The Birds (my first time) and Tippi Hedren.
re: Kerry James Marshall -- Yeah, he's AMAZING.
RT : #TomDaschle: #IntlBudget helps keep America competitive in the global marketplace & creates jobs here at home - #USGLC Conference
You know... I bet roadkill meat is really tender.
OMG why do i do this 2 myself! i just saw Junior Seau's mother heartwrenching statement. they need 2 take it down :( Imma mess! RIP
you're finished anyway. That was all your fault.
Fear and Mongering in Las Vegas.
Yeah, you rocked that dress Andrea. Who knew by looking at it on the hanger?
Spent last night at Palm Springs Art Museum opening 4 artist & museum director Michael Petry - beautiful multimedia work w/ glass focus
Someone making a diference > RT : Just donated to disabled veterans of America
Bored but maybe get to see GaGa at Harvard!
When does #LGA tornado watch expire? My sister's grounded trying to get to
Best thing on Fox is Shep Smith. And you!
Pushing your kids in a stroller 4 seats wide is the equivalent of setting up a blanket fort in the aisle of a movie theater.
Were on reverbnation stop by and add as a fan
Thanks:-) RT #FFriday13th - Lucky to follow these
Happy 4:20!!! Take that how ever u want!!!!! Hahahahaha!
Hustlers mentality
. Hi Eric! Would you mind RTing us? We are a new resource for those starting, funding or mentoring
you're welcome everyone (:
i think its time for me to go2 sleep..when replied i thought it was & my heart skipped a beat! haha it hurt real bad!
So glad to hear about our special guests! Happy belated birthday, Grandma!
okay I know u aare more than excited and ready nita babies are such a blessing I miss you too.
999 Followers!! ##Woof!!
Oops! I shit my pants...
Tonight at the Westerville location: Backpacking 101. Clinic starts at 6, cost is $5. Call 818-3620 to sign-up, or just show up at 6!
All day everyday
The most important thing to evaluate when selecting a #digital #agency is the actual team that will serve your
This Ryan Adams' cover of Ratt's "Round and Round" is going to be awfully good or pleasurably bad, I'm sure. There really is no difference.
'and that's how families get bigger.' wise words of wisdom from my uncle
I *almost* bribed her.
I have many tricks up my sleeve, muahahahahahahahahaahaaaaaha!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
One year alcohol charge free
“: says "Fish do church in water."”
working on producing a movie and the sound track.
I need a HARP refi with MI for a primary residence in CO. If you can help, then DM me. I want to deal with this TODAY!
Good morning!
#onlyintheghetto will you hear a girl use the insult "GET YOUR OWN WEAVE!"
never dat just been busy doing alot of nothing lol
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I dont want to win
watchin the little mermaid c:
EVA's next meeting is Sat. Feb 5th! Red Hot Internet Publicity 2.0 w/ Penny Sansevieri 10:30 at the Azusa Public Library
Let's Go #Rangers! Gotta love Stanley Cup playoff hockey!
At Alex Theater in Glendale for LACO: Charles Ives, Gabriel Kahane, and Hayden on the menu. Report to follow at
Sad to see workers hanging a For Rent sign on the space formerly occupied by Georgia's Bakery/Cafe on the UWS.
limbo=unsure
is headed to the 4th Avenue Gallery in Ann Arbor... Group Show and singer song writer Bill Edwards and his band...7pm-11pm
But what do you really feel?
come back! NOW.
Headed into Kindergarten Orientation for my oldest. Where have the past 5 yrs gone?! Trying to act older than I feel. :)
Very excited for 's new opporunity, as she slogs through her final day of sniffles and non-challenge at her current employer.
Scott Suggs can guard Shabazz Muhammad, right? Uh....
Wow, I've reached 3,000 #followers! THANK YOU!
Yes sir, god is good!!! ain't nuthin like waken up to a new day wit out bein blessed!!!!
I'm pretty bummed that one of my happy places, The Givin House, is closing. Now I'll be back to haunting WIlliams Sonoma.
go on ur other account and follow me
P.S...I think I desire happiness more than "interestingness." Any thoughts?
The whole choir sung me happy bday that was awesome thank u guys
take my punk ass to sleep. getting aggravated
um freddy I have one of you and her and well you are um well umm yea ....hold please
Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry to hear about this. I wish I could help. Sending you a big hug.
vampire bill
Dinner was great food-wise though service was a bit uneven. Overall a good experience though!
Totally random but do u like historic places that have either been abandoned or closed? I feel like ur a history buff. R u?
Beautiful and thoughtful. Thank you for that. I'm holding his family in the light.
I can't handle the idea that they are going to cliff hang me.
Happy Star Wars Day!
#Yankees now trail #Royals by 2 runs. Come on #Yankees score some more runs
126 new names have been added 2 list of Israel's fallen soldiers & terrorism victims since last year
Forever alone cause i have no friends.
I'm a big fan of yours - keep up the great reporting
happy birthday friendan!!!!
i stare out of my window and i count the days cause' my life's so fuckin' pointless.
that awkward moment when your in the outfield and Nicole tells you how soft her vagina is from her new razor.....
Social engagement is the key metric of the online advertising future. Conversation about and sharing of content. Beyond Likes and Follows
Work Work Work
that's right no comeback! I win!
Dang it. They arent breaking up
I was listening to "Power" and overcooked my chicken parmesan. I WILL SUE THE SHIT OUT OF KANYE WEST!! Nope. Still not old.
Looking to go green? Purchase your Clear2Go bottle w/ filter at your nearest select
what do you want to be now?
no the current event and the regular one
do you have any row A's left?
where are you?
LOL why did I put off this Drama portfolio? hahaha I'm going to up until two in the morning
Tweeting About Your Pussy<<<<
nourishing a fun workplace culture for the road ahead
RT : (The Lord's) compassions never fail. They are new every morning; great is your faithfulness. Lam 3:22-23
Yeah I started using it but never really stuck to it. After writing this paper I will get on it.
Some things just get me...
RT - Tom Brady says he would welcome Randy Moss back 2 play 4 da New England Patriots"
You are sitting in a lake of limitless opportunity.
Poll: If a non-profit wanted you to sign an NDA before they told you organizations they are in negations to partner with, what would you do?
imm so Glad you are Feeling Better <3 4
Watching it's definantly recording, sitting hear laughing waiting for to #swag out the place (; ILY 3
I Damn sure do lol
Never talk about my issues because I don't want to sound like a whinny complainer.
great idea! gimme dat donut glaze and she will taste like one
Good morning Sunshine! Breakfast is ready!
i think i just spent an hour reading one direction imagines
That's the long answer. lol The short--I was impatient. If there's one thing a Montessori parent must be it's patient, right?
aww,i miss u :(
it's going to be such a huge relief for everyone once i'm gone
So "The Scream" sold for what, $200 million? I must stop making anonymous phone call bids.
It feels impossible for me to live w/out butter. My waffle feels the same.
What are you talking about?
oh no! Cut it out and hope she doesn't notice.
driving up Downtown Miami, starting a SUPER weekend
Anyone else think it's weird to send an email to notify staff that our email isn't working?
HEY, I HEARD YOU WERE A PLAYA... WELL I'M THE COACH...
At breakfast called city soup talking about #hunger Calling on and city officials for city-wide plan to end hunger
The purpose of life is a life of purpose. ~Robert Byrne
haha lucky you!! I still need 3 more weeks :/
Told you I been sleeping all day!
So how long does it take for someone to put a remote starter in my car..i been here for 3 hours
I'm curious, can you glue chicken to beef? Find that out, please. :D
Cardio and ozzy on the talk.. It's a good day
fuck mothers day.
"Marriage is not a noun; it's a verb ... It's something you do. It's the way you love your partner every day." - Barbara De Angelis
Back to work..
Watching Shark Night
Today is going to be a great day!
Thanks for stopping by last Friday! What did you have?
That's a hard question I like them all for different reasons but if I like HAD to choose to marry one I's pick Harold! You?
There is no room for hate .
Smh did he just say skateland
If you're trying to date me. Don't call me sexy. And don't message me saying hey I'm single now. Umm wow am i second best??? Thanks. Goodbye
Yes. Related: Kenneth Cole is an idiot “: It seems most of the interesting/important information is at the bottom of an article.”
":I wanna see Casea & Rizzy tomorrow #yesplease" i think we can make that happen captain
Anyone want a free pizza
Happy Mothers Day!!!
"This steak is quite large, even by American standards" - Jancis Robinson
i took the plane down there not driving over 13 hours to get to miami but now i wish i did would been alot cheaper.
Could Big 10 be a play? B10 wants to tap TX market and maybe BTN helps bring in desired $$ for school?
Mariachi Christmas is this Thursday! Woot!
When was the last time you heard five homeless people on the radio discussing homelessness? Such a valuable conversation.
Oh, there it goes!
Good deal. Just don't stare at her bulging neck or drape-y, black clothing tentacles for too long or she'll steal your voice too. ;-)
you've never even been here before! the rain really isn't too bad.
the differences between the two in terms of overuse injuries?
Texas has mtns, and an ocean (ok a gulf). Beautiful hill country in the middle to west. Maybe you meant pancake flat like Lubbock
Water and gyros, stat!
Good job!!
My B-day is coming up in 2 days, please wish me a happy birthday <U+2665>2
Awesome news, sir! Congratulations. :D
LOL! Well have a great day! Hope the coffee helps!
So many priceless moments with you(:
Carters shout out to the new honeys.
Boston is airing right now! Watch as he explores the diverse food scene most people overlook in MA!
thats freaking weird, i seriously just did flip my hair then i got the alert on my phone... awkwardly awesome!
we're gonna be playing Brick By Brick in San Diego, CA on Oct. 26. It's a wednesday, so we know NONE OF YOU HAVE ANYTHING BETTER TO DO. 21+
me too! And plus I'll make unemployment for a while until I do.
you're amazing
I'm good when My band is GooD!When my band breaks up I break up!
nah, I'm not sick but you sound sick, you sick?
inspiration is free... go get some...
We can't wait either! It is currently in development and will be released later this year!
Honestly is one of the few ladies out here that I KNOW is gonna make a difference out there in the world. Happy Birthday miss!
Nice! Going to be a great workout tomorrow!!! Xoxoxox
why thank you pretty lady!
He Won't Let You Down - “: What gospel song brigthens your day when you are feeling a little down? (RT)”
Just reading through my Twitter feed is stressing me out, and I haven't even left my house yet... sigh
yeah I like it too! I just didn't want the entire thing black and white xD
Tonight!!!! At Dobbs in Philly TRASH FEST USA!!! Leiana at 8pm, tix sold out online...walk ups still avail tho!!!!!
Guess what boys and girls! Vocal bleed on live vocals means no vocal tuning on this album. At least can sing.
Yo prob eating sushi at this point. I'm here til 7p with your tix!
What it do Bobby! What's been going on bruh?
At least I dont have to worry about an NBA lockout this offseason. I can look forward to Nuggets basketball in November
it's nearly...friday, friday, gonna get down and party! chillin' in the backseat ;)
Life is not worth living unless it is lived for others.
Maybe I'm just hungry......
Expect an email from me tonight or tomorrow-- at a conference now with co organizer
Hellhound on His Trail: The Stalking of Martin Luther King, Jr. & the International Hunt for His Assassin by Hampton Sides
Heading off for a little while. Will be back before pick 22
hi thank you to follow me, I like what you do especially traveling
All Pinterest does is give me unrealistic expectations of what I can accomplish in my free time.
Liberty don't work as good in practice as it does in speeches. ~ Will Rogers
hi cousin Im sorry for my long absence on twitter I completely and utterly forgot but I'm back now and will be more often on
you are a beautiful singer Colton.<3
I need more, I don't have access to a TV. What happened?
Skype? Do people still do that?
have fun!
Looking to make a last minute donation? Head over to stars4thecure.info and click on donate!
Show tonight at the Wonderland Ballroom with Watermelon. 10pm!
I don't want to be larger than life I want to have a life by the horns.
Call it Nature, Fate, Fortune all these are names of the one and selfsame God.
Missing the kids and fun at the Lab!
Thanks for making Adam West's star shine on the Hollywood Walk of Fame! Tenacity & Devotion for the love of Batman
RT _ThaGreat34 forreal but still i can show u how to get dis money without ah deal
I put fire symbols looking good !!!
How dumb can a person get ?....
its not a cheap city to live in you should know that
Back in tha lab makin it do what it do!
“: I hurt way too much to sleep” :(
I still have to clean out my car, replaced the lightbulb in the back tail light, get an oil change, inspection, and find my license.
GAB says no way to tell when recall election might be held. Uncharted territory.
Thx Rosie...dead money all around!
STRANGER DANGER! /).(\
At Riverwest Public House for Rio Turbo, Sat. Night Duets, Chicaloyoh, and High Wolf. $10-all-you-can-drink with !
We should not celebrate the un-natural act of Transgendered individuals? Why are christians not speaking up on this issue?
That awkward moment when you keep talking & you don`t realize your friend walked away.
In 1981, prior to the famous PC, IBM sold a desktop computer called the Datamaster.
Mw3 live .! Someone wanna play me and my sister ? (: Or basketball live ?
Someone play me in Draw Something!!! Rifframbitches <~~~username
The one kiss ~ That I still miss ~ Rests tantalizingly ~ there ~ On your cherry red lips
Note to self: Morning runs make you ten times the champ you already are
My car is names Misty for anyone who is wondering.
im goin to sleep now Goodnight hopefully i will have service tomorrow txt you if i do
Don't give me ideas - my husband already hates me feeding the squirrels (he likes the crows, though!)
RT : Been 20+ min & no signal acquired by modem. Looks like this #Clear 4G experiment was a waste. Sending back tomorrow.
Alright D-up
The blue clay is awesome. I'm all about it. It's so much easier to see the ball. You can make every tournament blue for me.
Safe Travels Joba.
nice to meet you as well. There could be something with the time it takes to shoot a Free Throw after a player gets the ball...
So happy to be a Celtics fan and not a laker fan
Thanks so much for the follow! Enjoy your day! :)
Thanks for the RTs today. I appreciate them. Bet it's starting to get pretty nice in your neck of the woods huh? #PDXRocks!
With Time Comes Genuine Power.
Cocktail of the day:Lychee cucumber martini-combine the sweet of the #lychee with the refreshing power of cucumber,add vodka,don't look back
Our full support goes to
So hungry
Go Carolina ladies!!!! Show them what you got!! A big shout out to all the Reign Fine Apparel girls....Chelsea and Julie!!
:) That just made my day! You'll have to tell me about your trip to Casa De Campo for the calendar shoot.
RT Tonight performing #HurtMeTomorrow on Leno!
I just checked out your website. Those look really neat! Its such a blessing to do something you really enjoy. :)
All is well here. Hope the same for you.
Had such a good time tonight, feels good to be without you, am back to my wild me!(:
All things are possible for those that believe its possible.
I'm ALWAYS busy, so thanks for this x RT : In case you were busy and/or forgot, I wanted to tell you that you're awesome.
Due to getting sick & losing #RCFAustin prep time my new artwork & planners will not be available this wknd. I will have other new goodies.
#JB2012Excitement hope im not the only one who thought of Justin Bieber......
Those people at the airport that look like the type to hijack a plane... *shaking & crying in my seat*
No point in being sad and angry. Dont get you anywhere.
I'm gonna make my momma lunch and its gonna be great :D what are you guys doing?
Hee! Sorry, rushing to grab a quick bite so my buddy could work on her presentation a bit during the break.
Good luck in getting tickets!
to the DOM chicks that are still phat, why won't u reconsider fuckn wit men #Iwantanswers (don't waste it only getn licked on)
oh how grande it would be if i could read and crochet at the same time!!!/:
Nothing makes me feel like I'm 5 years old again quite like a cartwheel
Yet another fun-filled night in the ghetto complete with a car break-in outside my apartment
Readying my APUSH blog for next year's students - do I leave up the notes, etc. from this year or start fresh?
It's one thing to break my heart but then to just keep tearing me apart is just heartless.
u r bad luck!
ha you've just been in denial. Nerd.
My thoughts exactly! "Oh, Yes YOU! #TheVoice"
it does feel good, doesnt it?
So close I can taste it
well done Justin.
OK I'm way too curious now.
Nine Reasons to Pursue a Federal Job bit.ly/3ih0QG
High prairie bison dog ?
since he has new kid he prolly at home
Same ol shit
cool so hows life?
Beautiful day for #Brunch! Who else agrees?
the only sure answer is yes
thanks! RT : , You guys seriously rocked it on the new #Sounders spots. Outstanding work, you magnificent basterds!
Need a heart rate monitor. Suggestions? Are wrist heart rate monitors just as good?
My knee is hurting so bad! I hit it on the car door and now I have a BIG bruise... Why am I so clumsy?
BecauseICanHelp.com - Help us raise money for The Epilepsy Foundation as we run the 2011 LA Marathon! 50 days left to reach our goal!
But serious shit if any of you into indie so cal rap check out Yours Truly it's a group of rappers. They got talent. Check em out.
no problem ;)
Ok drunk hiccups suck
which day are you going?
Why did I just push the button to unlock my front door?
Hi David, Singapore is the cleanest, & most beautiful place. Especially their Botanical Gardens. I didn't get to Kuala Lumpur
haha. Thanks. I did a little track in school and swam for about 11 years. That really helped. (:
Good morning world!!! Have a lovely day!!!
yup! I'm getting sucked into this Dj/dubsteppy craze but I kinda like it!
Watching Pinto Bennett live
lol hey girlie-lifes good. How have u been....
Body wraps coming soon.... Stay tuned for details.
Yup! That's my hood lol
Locate local companies that will benefit from advertising with you.
-sad on so many levels.
She's fucked up. Amen.
I remember on 9/11 getting up, and going to play outside, but I looked at the TV..and seen the towers up in smoke...pt1
checking...nope, I'm still the *badass driving a station wagon. (*badass)
"Nobody puts baby in the corner" -
do you have a favorite brand of scrapple, or make your own?
Right now, I have about 15 songs for my album. I'm thinking of adding 1 or 2 more. 17 seems like aweird number though
No amount of skilful invention can replace the essential element of imagination. -Edward Hopper
Alright Lufthansa lets see how you stack up
Smoothie king always brightens up a day
Great time speaking at Career Connects today...Hope everyone enjoyed it as much as I did
Sacia: Retirees are one of easiest targets. Do not lose sight of the ppl we made promises to, that depend on us. Don't know how I'll vote.
Sorry Didn't see your messages! Hope I didn't miss my chance!
Psssh. It's going to take more than HCA for the Knicks to beat the Heat.
For this love is unconditional, it wont go away. I know I'm lucky, no it aint easy for men (black) who take care of their responsibilities
"State Property" in my pants
That's not going to happen, they'll pay him.
On this day in 1846, as war with Mexico looms, U.S. Gen. Zachary Taylor and 4,000 soldiers march toward the Rio Grande.
Ah! Thanks for clarifying. It's going great. How is your new gig?
We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice. Stephen Covey
i am so tired djed the club last night then my kids decided to get up at 645 this morning
for hummus, couscous and other vegetarian goodness
Saturday night @ home and you know what?? I'm ok with that :)
Always good to make a fashion statement @ 8am! RT : wear that to the next , please and thank you.
Roy Orbison for sure RT : 4 reasons to love our jukebox:
They don't announce the winner for another half hour.
Just watched the best forced 1st date @ The Ace. If a guy tells you he's going out w/ buddies later + ur not invited, he's not into u.
I ate tongue last night. (not a euphemism - I ate tacos con lengua in SW Detroit, and they were oh so delicious)
if I try to listen to dubstep while doing something else it just sounds like psychalgia. i have to fully concentrate on it to integrate it.
Got my car clean at the St. Mary's Catholic High School car wash at St. Thomas the Apostle Church.
Given the showing of enthusiasm among Conservsatives in the primary voting, I don't find this surprising at all.
Levin: We want our #broadband value prop to have wired and #wireless options that make us global innovators, leaders
If A pregnant goldfish is called a twit, what is a twitter?
she's pretty huh?
I actually took a girl to see him play music on the first date I ever went on in Los Angeles. He was drunk and fantastic.
Dan Patrick >>> ESPN.
Just launched Barclay Seed Company and the Washington Farm Project. Stay tuned for collaboration opportunities.
alright, im gonna hold you to that :) RT taha faa reali will im nice thats why :)
:D Hey there neighbor!
Worse decision: Ben picking Courtney over Lindzi or Portland taking Oden over Durant?
Pretty much ruined someones birthday.
Yeeeaahh New York Rangers!! :)
What, no She Crab Soup? That's surprising.
great to see you Bret. I hope all is well.
i freaking crack myself up
I've said that before
I am crying cause I commented on a pic on fb and Lee lee called me a asshole...
I tried, and it won't let me anymore. I've been doing that for months.
mhmm....was it alcohol?!;/ lol idk i had fun..especially meetin u AND the party!
you're welcome :)
i'm all ears.
HAHA I think so too. Thanks bud!
BIG thanks to Lauren Bateman, Jay Wightman, Annalise Emerick for their performances during the songwriter portion of our event Bohemia
Thanks all for the last show wishes!!
and Larry Scott's success could be attributed to his experience outside the NCAA.
Aiya, I say many times already. I'm not emo about 'love'. IT'S ABOUT SOMETHING ELSES. K.
Anyone use the blackmagic cinema camera?
that's good :) good luck
TIGER TIGER WOODS YALLLLLL
Not so Quick, eh, Jonathan? That goal was U-G-L-Y. But hey, it all looks the same in the boxscore.
How many rounds in the microwave does it take to heat food up to the right temperature? According to someone in my office...7.
tomorrow morning!
(THEY'D BETTER NO IT) HERE NOW...
this one wise fellow once told nothing matters unless you win..Do you recall ?
Twitter is one of my best friends.
Why is it Japan is the only place to get Shiso flavored Pepsi?
great job tonight
we in Miami, La Bo Bo! Warmer better women no one in LA, but burnt up fried white girls lmao
I love Emily the Strange! :)
It's a rather rude gesture, but at least it's clear what you mean. ~ Katharine Hepburn
always go hard or sunshine
Thx for the tweet!
won't say which of those predictions I'd like to see most but those who know me know:o
I'm so out of touch with "current music" I didn't know she had more than one. It's actually a surprise I knew the name
“: <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089>'s making a surprise dinner tonight, can't wait to taste it ; )” your going to love it babe
yeah women are crazy
oh, so of course i missed your following spree :( can you still follow me? ?? please?
BAHAHAHA love that.
Live each moment as if it were your last, for the next could be.
Our worth isn't determined by our efforts. It's immeasurable in Christ. But, He asks 4 100% from us & of us so He can do gr8 things thru us.
She then asks "Do you make the books beep for people who want to take them home?" Yeah, more or less, little girl.
AGREED all the way!
When Are you coming out with a new song!?
Hello all. Thank you for following me:
Really looking forward to performance for BrooklyNites tomorrow night @ 7!
#TMI that's just too much information. I can't even deal with it. Its too much Lmbooooo
Who's watching American Idol?(:
Does wifi use the time zone that you're flying over? It seems like it would make more sense to use the destination city.
Walking in Wingra Park is like taking a bath in golden sunshine.
you are SOL
Glad you liked the write up at on - it is a really great idea!
of COURSE it's "rolling in the deep" for record of the year. #grammys she thanks the radio DJs who have played this incessantly: good call
Come in and check out our new Spring product --- Be Bright! Spring is almost here and winter is almost over!
its a rough life.
Happy Mothers Day to all those awesome moms out there!
Seriously... It keeps you awake
Terrific opening slideshow with killer drum solo! Co-hosts Felicia Curry and Holly Twyford just introduced.
roads are clear. ttyl
Little Weapons is shooting today!
What does turkey pot pie, sheppards pie and mac & cheese have in common? They are all part of our lunch comfort food buffet today for $8.95!
I'll catch up with all you guys later!... have a great rest of the hump day!
where you been old man?!?!
love you too :)
By the looks of things, I should have grabbed some Chick-Fil-A before coming here...
One of the best shows I've seen at the Bistro returns this weekend! Come see if the Dr. Lonnie Smith Trio makes it into your Top 3 as well.
didn't know you were following me man
I want to look at something beautiful today.
Fashion is about good energy. It's about feelings. That's what I have to give the people, good energy and good feelings.
I just like winning
Yeah mii nigga Boo coming home! Saw a chick today hatin call ppl talkin bout they shoulda locked him up had to tell her ol hatin azz mad huh
Thanks 4 following
Somebody that i use to know
: crowdsourcing selection of websites for archiving using twitter; maybe we should create a web archiving url shortener?
Goals are not only absolutely necessary to motivate us;they are essential to really keep us alive
These updates are just a small part of what I can bring to the table. Just let me know what your looking for, and I can help you find it ;)
Happiest of Birthdays to fearless leader of and
In Nassau with She's so wasted.
Every day we make the decision through our action or inaction to protect our children or allow others to do irreparable harm.
Guess who's going back to school tomorrow!
Really frustrating when you have all these roadblocks holding you back from your dreams :/
i didn't! as in her legs were not pedaling forward! oy
I've done a lot of "Oh shit I'm demoing tomorrow"-driven development.
this is ludacris
Don't get mad when a girl cares too much. Worry when she starts to not give a shit.
I mean I wasn't gonna lie... So ready for all those kids to be freshman!
Job perk: I just went through my fragrances and organized them. Now I smell like orange blossoms!
"if " my shot is off HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
Yup. It's going to be online and is tentatively set to start this fall. (sorry for the late response, I was on vacation).
well not really but it was fun.
Ps, congrats to Jesus for beating death today 2012(I think) years ago!
Nice! My son's Yoda's been around awhile. He even has a broken hand.
followback,Is Awsome related to The Office
Is it online somewhere to watch?
Studio booked next Saturday for an acoustic song or two.
What to mk of Allen Craig's last 350 ABs, back to '11? Can you guys profile him soon on facts/flukes?
loved the flat tire video, but you should change the title! We shouldn't know how long it takes beforehand :)
yeah he did. I hope we play Moore now just so works the kid that got his spot. Backbone tonight!
We been a fan since the Syndicate much respect Teefa! Peace!
never. I made a new wich lover! “: #itsneverenough”
Intuition leads, data guides, focus wins. Future. Past. Present.
Thanks Mary. I'll pass this info to my friend.
I don't wanna see Rebecca Black trending I wanna see something bout or Justin Bieber. Not a girl who has no talent
I like, thanks. The look on s face is hilarious
Okay watch for me on 7 today :)
I am so sorry (x1 million) I can't go to youth group cuz i have pink eye in both eyes! #Pain Take Pics of Justin plz?
That's why I appreciate her. (:
(c) jaelle said she is going to kill herself. again .
Hm... Feels Nice Doesnt It.?(:
so it's over yea were through so I'll unfriend you your the best liar ever knew so ima unfriend you
I bet! Probably felt like you were cooking.
Oooohhhh yeah!! Won our 1st softball game 28 to 1! I went 4 for 4 with 2 home runs. My wife is a little beast too!
Beer with Bob, nap, Pack of Wolves and Lair of the Minotaur at Red 7, No Control Radio on 101X for the drive home. Sleep.
and with that in mind, I take back what I said, Big East remains better but it will be so close now.
#quote An intellectual says a simple thing in a difficult way; an artist says a difficult thing in a simple way.Charles Bukowski
Happy mothers day to every mom in the world
lmfao I know there literally always there! My dogs were freaking out this morning
without change there can be no progress. " #occupy all streets"
I know several places. What style?
bitch f you! I was watching porn anyway lmbo
I need to make plans... like 5 minutes ago :/
FB b-day post from my 25yo cousin's gf, whom I met very briefly last summer: "Happy b-day! Hope you're well! Miss you!" Miss me? Huh?
My boob is it itchy, and as much as I scratch it doesn't help
Aww, yea!! Bring it on! RT Just officially planned my 21st birthday. Watch out Vegas I'm coming for you new years eve!
communications, PR, marketing, event management, social media, speak Spanish and Italian, outreach. Let me know how I can help!
I'm getting so much more lazy because school is ending . Not even doing my hair in the morning lol IDGAF
Hates when guys wear stankin ass cologne :/
r u still at the library...
yeah! -smiles and gets into the elevator-
Today is the day! Trends for Treehouse is here, can't wait to see everyone at the event!
Where u.fuckers going? I wana go too lol
"Down Under" by Men at Work came on the radio and I thought about "Alexander..." Those were good times- mostly.
doubt they get a game in tonight.
On our way to San Antonio for our 2012 Leadership Institute! Watch our twitter feed, blog and Facebook page for updates!
She's my latin giiiiiirrrllllll, oh she try to fight it but she know she likes it
hahaha got it to upload my picture but they cut out #so.not.cool !! gonna fix it.....again!
I seem to always find you in my life when I need you! Thank u glamazon!
ARod now now 3 for 20 for the season. #Yankees. He's 0-for-10 vs. #Orioles and has struck out four times.
The Indians just can't seem to get anything going this afternoon.
Vegas trip = success. Los Angeles tonight and back to Redding tomorrow.
Surgery is just now getting started.
Hey ! Are you guys running the marathon relay this year?
A slice of wheat toast w peanut butter, an orange and egg.
Awww hell! What the hell just happened?
read ur link about painting metal lamps- looks like exactly what I need. Wish they didnt say u needed spray paint tho
Come on John Cena !
Absolutely love that. Just beautiful.
So, the lightning was WAY to close to my house :p i couldn't sleep, the thunder was EXTREMELY loud :p
Don't have a Foursquare account? You can still "Check-In" on Facebook to unlock a deal too! Stay tuned for details...!
thank you
RIP MCA. The first artist of our lifetime that we have physically mourned over. You were a true pioneer in all arts.
ignorance RT : the House also voted to defund National Ocean Policy.
if the only thing she's blowin is bubbles.....she's too young for you bro! :D
If drops FX, I am switching service. Can't be w/o my SOA! Hating them as much as Clay right now.
I would love to visit any and all of those cities!!! :)
gotcha bro
So bored and i wish i can go walking to my house
This morning I woke thinking of my friend. She found out last week her guide dog has cancer
just got a sneak peek of your "Where are they now?" interview with for #300theFenway. Very honest and inspiring!
An animation studio director just stopped by and asked to look through our sketchbooks along with a request to email about possible work.
Post.Concert.Depression #NotFun :'(
Good Morning! We look forward to connecting with you and your community.
Stop by and try a Hungarian or Smoked Garlic Sausage!
I need a meaner husband.
I think you would wake up if you noticed you couldn't breath lol
got to be toto ! No men at work? Lol
Never blame anyone if you get hurt because you took the risk, and you decided who was worth the try.
all i know is babe better get off work soon. im bored and tweeting WAY to much.
Is there a certain candy that you could chomp on all day and never tire from? *Over here, we would have to say mints!!!
Storming the field, lol.
awesome awesome awesome!!!!!!!
old photos & comments... past Katelyn, shut up , you're embarassing me..
happy new years brah. Yours is probably over by now. Lol
haha yeah i know :P
I always look forward to end of month except when it creeps into beginning of month. Oops.
Good Luck to YOU Missy GO KICK SOME COLORADO BUTT!!!
Haha at comedy central. mike epps
Don't spend your money on skype we do da same for free personal calls, conferense call , buseness call , group meetings.check out Echatepaca
Good Morning World!! Currently at 8:25am in Atlanta, GA it is 39 degrees. High: 66* Low: 38*
I think someone deleted my post! Seriously people...-____- uh~Ashley
Inbound marketing is a subset of online marketing. For example, banner ads are outbound. Spamming via email is outbound. Etc.
I hate a person thats lazy when it comes to sex.
Just saw the cutest, and gorgeous guy ever. #UnderArmorGuy omg.<3
We'll all know tonight! :)
Official #CampaignTweeting for
Um....Save me some of that!
Congratulations to our GreenNote survey scholarship winner - Camille Stuart from North Carolina!!
Heading to the Michael Jordan celebrity golf event at Shadow Creek!! Beautiful day, should be fun!! Let's do this.
Done with bio!!!
You're welcome. :-)
#WeirdFactAboutMe is I love buying plain tshirts to just relax in around the house
we have a graduation party to go to on friday. gets over bout 10 though. prob meet up with ya after that.
Simon Properties is obviously repositioning Grapevine Mills as "high end" but so far has only achieved "slightly less scary."
dude I'm so sick of this bull shit really like if we lose today we are 11-16
<U+270C> to this dry shit
CANT WAIT TILL YHU CME BACK/////
Just realized I start and end all of my weekdays by laying in bed to check twitter.. Who am I expecting to tweet in the middle of the night?
will taste gyro and victory tonight. #sounders oh twelve.
#detroitvipers “: I watched the Red Wings on PASS #LasttimetheWingslostathome”
ready as I'll ever be photographer at 1pm! :D smiles everyone smiles
look stop talking shit and grown the fuck up
RT How long before CNN hires Gussie Fink-Notttle because of his professed expertise on Newts?
That dude Lin my dude but he won't be a hero tonight. Lebron gone be on shut down mode. Wade gone step it up too
I hate when guys are assholes!!!!
Follow me Liam I am in school!!!!!
glad u like it! Ill post more. I took a lot of pics but most are blurry. I had so much fun :)
“ If your not paying for my shit, then you don't decide shit.” bow! bow! bow! *wacka voice
Milwaukee Alarm Co monitors the fire alarm at the Milwaukee Fix Building. Let us know if you have any other security needs.
Lmao... chicken n veggies!
Come out tonight to 's last show in Columbus! Let's make this a night to remember! 2590 N High Street - 5pm
Quitter. Doubter.
you were my last hope...
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Love it, definitely a Sweet game!" by Stephanie
Headed home after White House. I hope it helped spread the word about the importance of museums.
We are open for business!! Our kitchen remodelling is complete and we are open today at 11am! Watch the Tour de France & LPG US Open!
My game has been cancelled :(
<#teamfollowback...we are taking care of the community
. Mike is doing great! He even made the team flight that night.
oh no that's not classy at all tell that bitch to close them legs, we don't needa see tunaflap
Don't know what the country's coming to. But in Rome, do as the Romans do.
That's about as close to ideal for getting work done as it gets.. just hope you don't get distracted by the internet :)
"As you trollers know - a LOT of hoochies are discontinued." <3 sentence
Tweet using hashtags, That'll help get followers.
making stew,baking cherry pie and listening 2 my download from HOLLYWOOD BABBLE-ON SMODCAST on JAY & SILENT BOB rockit in yo pocket! ;-) kk
Headed home to get to this game! Go !
We need to put educators in congress and the oval office, not lawyers
hey honey. I'm fine what about u ?
we love you Mia! Hope you're having a beautiful Friday:)
YOUR REALLY HOT OMG TWEET ME<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I have a smallish swarm of honey bees in my yard in Anderson Twp. Does anyone collect them?
Oh? What do you have in mind?
Happy Valentine's Day to all the #DNation runners in the world! We show our love by making our miles more meaningful!
I have a similar stash, but I don't have your (perfectly valid) excuse.
yes - but the real question is would you fancy waking up next to "me"? :/
Sylvia A Chamber Opera, performance at 12:30 in the Pan Pacific Park ampitheater.
Can't believe she's only 26.
Good morning good people
Spark Notes helped SO much lol. dude i got a 91 on my exam! and i didn't read o__O and it gives you everything for the essay!
We are at the movies and someone yells out, i got a chopper in the car ugh.
From Rob (5a): Sunny most of the day. High:76 inland but cooler lakeside. Rain this evening and tonight.
Runways are back open now. Hopefully you we be back on your way soon.
RT : Old tapes are really loud. Invest time to upgrade & listen in w/ fresh ears. Gem from #CoreConnection coaching session
~Mark TwainIf only we'd stop trying to be happy we could have a pretty good time .
Literally about to cry from the sound Tigre is making while in the cat carrier on the way to the vet :(
I just extensions my deadlines!
The Geatest man to ever live, Audie Murphy,
Watching big Stan <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
To support its a contest! :)
Long tough day. Inspection responses are about as fun as appraisals.
I WONT HE ALREADY HAVE a prom date my sister
The way you have your hair up , did you forget .. That's me.
Loved House of Mirth - haven't read Age of Innocence. Thanks!
Colonel Muammar Gaddafi has been the fierce ruler of Libya for 42 years. Colonel? What does it take to get promoted to General over there?
Our goal is to help clients solve business problems in this digital world.
Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae and FHLB 2012 note calendar - Reuters
Swear I VOTED!!!
fuck commercials on pandora!
didn't Kindle bump his head?
Make each day beautiful, for each day only comes once.
This Arab/Mexican guy (idk which) tried to get at me today....but he was too old lmaoo
What makes us Woohoo All Night here at #2CB? NEW MUSIC!!! Specifically, the 47 tunes we're going to share with you next week!!
what am i supposed to do with a lifeless phone? i'm going to have to start carrying around my charger -__-
singing EVERY MUST GET DRONED like Dylan. LMAO!
Well said. But then again, they labeled the middle image "PC" which is kind of a giveaway.
If this Sunday gets any lazier..it will be dead
sounds about right. Things are good, hope things are going well out there in NC.
please come back to nyc? i miss you so much! love you <3
Does Bevis and Butthead have a Xmas special planned this year at the local septic plant...it would be a "splash".
( THATS SO TRUE YALL NEED A DASH STORE IN ATLANTA SO I CAN WORK THERE
There are bluebirds in Evansburg State Park.
nice!!! Happy Mother's Day!
How's everybody doing?! Let's talk ! :)
Well, now, that is just cool! Congratulations.
A neighbor is snowblowing a path down our street. Talk about taking matters into your own hands.
Lol! It helps
I'm glad you liked how the story turned out. Good luck tomorrow.
Really, now you're going to be racist?
Umm.. From friend to friend.... I don't think that is the best idea lady. Consider this a fashion intervention. =]
"50 Shades of Grey" started as fanfiction, then became a bestseller. Now a satirist has gotten a 5 figure advance to write the parody.
no the new one. The more tumors you get the better.
If we are strong, our strength will speak for itself. If we are weak, words will be of no help. John Fitzgerald Kennedy
I thought about changing my twitter name today... but not I forget what it was to.
oh.. i thought you were.. and i kinda sorta miss ya:/ how was your convo wit my uncle?
O is that bad for u or do u really care
Looking at the year book from6th grade and 33 teachers iether got fired or left our school in just three years.
But when the banana is gone, the audio is gone.
Beauty to some is skin deep, just know they are shallow, stupid people. don't listen to their words, stay strong and hold your head up high
RT I found chocolate ice cream in my freezer! The day is complete! WOOT!
Who are you taking a stand for today? Even one word could push the dark into the light.
<3 RT you are my savior for sweaters <3 thank you.
hello Amy
SM value ? RT : A5. Awareness is achieved by constant repetition of your name via ...
In a race with time to see The Lorax in 3D lol
I love that book.
Firehook Bakery & Coffee House is a place to enjoy life and all the delicious foods it has to offer!
Hope your lasik went well!
Got a farmers tan now. Thanks softball.
you're too sweet. Thanks. Is there a site or somewhere I can see your work? My email is ...
These hippies don't like my Clint Black shirt
hey im sorry but i dont want to be a admin
Thanks for sharing!!!
These are the best days of our lives, watch as they pass by
Getting geared up to head to Indy this afternoon!
thanks to tristin meholick I now I have a realllllyyyy cute pair of ralph lauren polo shoes. ! Yaayyy
one day you will follow me but today isnt the day! :(
your tweets kill me!! Baha
Some ppl think attending the Inaug sounds grim. As says, is not deterred. We don't like port-a-potties anyway.
Cool fact! Did you know dendrochronology is the science of calculating a #tree’s age by its rings?
Passed healthcare reform bill
I think a lot of people didn't get the memo that it's Friday afternoon. Jeez. Ok, good times today. Let's get on with the weekend. Go Jets!
That's what it's al about! Haha. Rock on Torranah!! \m/
Lori Pfginst giving an overview on cuts in state budget.
It's really sad watching a PR disaster unfold on the internet. is doing everything wrong.
you know it, okrrrrrrrr? RT I have video footage to prove it :)
Thank you for following me, we could talk soon
This plane smells of teriyaki and booze.
hertz car sales
~ Congrats Good Brother!
U earned it #NationalChamps RT : I just met ...
Parenting should be a privilege, not a right. We should have a system where ppl have to apply for a "license" to have a child.
"that's what she said"
Philly goal by Huminuck early in the second quarter.
Well the work book I co- wrote with Carl Gottlieb for Film Schools is completed and it is called" The Little Blue Book for Filmmakers" and …
Fun family hike to end all the great time off. Ready for an interesting and fun year, but not to hit the office tomorrow.
darn it! that's what I hate. Ed loves screwing up good ideas.
My Alien :*
That was too fun. I miss mats and tumble tracks and basing!! And of course we dominated ;)
Happy Birthday! Hope you had a great time!
last two times we beat the Dyers we won the cup
Lets see what triple h has to say
Them "So where are you from" Me "NC" Them "Oh that place that hates Gay people" :-/
Your laugh is so annoying... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> #igethatalot I can't help it though! Haha
swear I miss my sis even though she be gettin on my last nerves... #LoveTweet/MissedTweet
#Spurs on ESPN First Take!
My mom is seriously so psycho
stoked you had a great time! I work in the Tapas Bar so come have a drink & say HI :) b4 u go dance the night away...
Check online at www.dell.de/streak :-)
what was that argument we all had about Pao being a top 3 big man in the league?
man I'm loving all the new products coming out. UA, AKAI, keep em coming.
you are amazing. Thank u for being.
Life is good get money fuck the bull shit!!!!!!!!!!
Things will never b the same RT : Getting ready to do something that will change some lives this Sunday !
Kid Rock announces @ Old Newsboys Goodfellows Fund of Detroit breakfast that he's going to tour clubs. His fans will love the intimate shows
New projects going online!
I found mom's 1980's fuschia sequin tube top WIN RT : Sifting through grandma's closet - she too has a sequin section
RIP Jim Irwin.....
Are you in religion?
<getn out the under eye black..this one could get ugly!!
When the #Raiders win
Would you provide more info about this idea? Thanks
Monday Night Raw
#MeetM5 what was your first job?
« I like the way #OKC is playing <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>»
Wanted to see what happened in the stands at #Wrigley that made Posada look, but thanks to the idiots at #ESPN we didn't see
omg it was such an amazing day! can't wait for see you again <U+2665><U+2665>
Deltona: two bursts...one in 10 mintues..the other over an hour away
Making $$$ , Is my middle name ")
bullshit china kills every thing in the countries they occupy.
Solution is to consume better- experience more but done in a way that does not hurt enviro
New Twitter picture, check it out!
Guess who I'm dragging with me?
he's still my favorite. Wade county
Damn, I have some cute new followers! But I want MORE! Help me out, and I'll help you out! Dig it?! K thanks, Tweethearts! <U+2665>
Darling open your eyes, and let me show you the light.
Do you want to Win a Kindle Fire!!Head on over to Daily Mom Deal!
I still have a follow limit. Looking forward to following more folks back after I hit 1850ish followers.
haha i 4 got 2 get back on twitter:( but im on now:D
Thank you forthe warm wishes! I'm also gonna have to ty the chorophyl. Sounds like a great energy boost to ;)
I am doing great :-)
New blog just posted! Go meet Mr. My Best Friend's Girl! www.kissandim.com
just gonna cook loads of chicken and stuff in the oven
We are blessed beyond all measure :)
I honestly thought you meant Betty White
If you aren't ready for a relationship then don't get into 1 , don't break someone else's heart for your own selfish reason.
RT : WI peeps: RT this post after you VOTE today!
I know. I've got that nervous bell feeling right now.
Hey #wcmia - anyone have questions about Responsive Web Design that they want answered in my presentation #RWD talk tomorrow?
New years to everyone. We made it
Good Morning!!:)
yep your scaring meh
Agreed! I love seeing your face! :)
Lonely...Im so lonely..i have no body...for my ooooooooooooOOOOOOOOOOwwnnnnn....
So we're now at pick 49, still no Oklahoma, Texas, Ohio State, Nebraska, Florida State, Miami, (current) Florida or Duke players picked...
Interesting: "when we think about our faith, at root is not only Christ sacrificing Himself on our behalf, but it's also the Golden Rule"
Interesting indeed. More interested in their reasons for supporting it.
tweeett me a number
BIG day today... Art in Bloom #AIB2012 begins and my teens are talking with the curator of Accidental Genius!
If the dole whips don't work then Jamie has definitely become a more expensive date than all of Chino remembers.
Clearly we're in the wrong business. RT: Seriously. $1B for Instagram?!
I can't believe it's already election time again! Wow!
LOL. asked Herman Cain about Newt's ex wife's allegations.
Thanks for the response; the point is #MobilePayments isn't a stand-alone concept. It needs a reliable payment platform behind it.
no in basketball bro!!! We going to be making history!
It's hard to stay mad at someone when Raspberry Beret is playing on the radio
that's why i'm here
That's happened to me before with my dad. They separate the males and females. "Beyond" is different for each gender.
gues who i ship you withh.!?
On flight from SLC to MSP, seat mate wears coat advertising "Mystik Lube".
I love cheerleading (: But I could do with out
I Retweeted ur message and re-quoted it!!!
No way! You are breaching the Mists of Avalon.
thanks for sharing 's post! :)
I challenged my middle school colleagues to a summer reading contest, and it helped encourage a little more reading
No, he "f'in" transferred to U of I.
On Skype with my boy :D
new release of Sanctuary and the music video will be released on May 1st!
I needa start gettin my business going!! Im bein such a slacker! :(
I just looked at my child without him knowing and I smiled-A great feeling
#teamfollowback where u at FOLLOW ME plz
Nice show in San Diego Saturday night.
Don't be a follower. Don't ask, "What happened?" Make SHIT happen!
Really? Didn't see. Its hand-down my favorite track but, like every track, it has things it needs to address.
Historical portuguese newspaper of California digitized | Rede ...
Once a man has won a woman's love, the love is his forever. He can only lose the woman.
Time for some cardio!! Pylo P90X! Love this workout!!
inquired about lunch delivery "actually we didn't see it on the computer screen, we'll give you a gift certificate or something" umthanks
--->Wanna make that one person's heart melt, follow , for in my opinion the best love qoutes around.<----
We escape the gloom by brewing beer. Grey skies don't look as bad when you can smell Ales being brewed.
you're an amazing resource. Thanks for keeping such fab info streaming thru various channels.
even been to Pittsburgh?
hey I luv u
The only birth control my public school provided was square dancing.
- ha you just watched Wargames also
Spring Cleaning!
Dj ghost get him good show the corps scamed us they lied the apraisers were in on it
Train hard -- stay motivated!
I figure I can spend a beer or two marveling at the insanity going on around me.
Good morning Twitter fam. So glad its the weekend...
Is Apple paying enough attention to security? Ask Kaspersky.They were hired to check out vulnerabilities & say "Mac OS is Really Vulnerable"
Will Ferrel as George W. >
I feel a little behind the trend with the whole #yolo thing... But whateva. Back in ATL and weekend'n it up
I smell sex and candy here
RT : Hey Twitter friends - I will be doing my 1st #CSRChat tomorrow at 3pm ET on supplier responsibility and
I created a short examp Prezi for 7th graders, they picked it up quickly & made pretty good presentations w/ little help from me
Check out Hyde Park Auto. Locally owned and operated by a fair and friendly staff.
im a mommas boy soo what
you're stupid.
LS 1426 is supporting n having a ball at fffweek in New York everyone is looking fabulous. Go Gwen and your team!
hope you like it!!!
And the bullpen has arrived.
neither do O-linemen and they still should be recognized for their talents
We have some tailgating for the sweep already happening. A few James St folk will be there. Anybody going?
Tried a track ball, track pad, and now vertical mouse. What a pain in the arm!
I'z wants to Role Play with someone. Anyone?
I wonder if Siamese twins have separate #foursquare accounts?
Amateur hour with these officials. This is why NBA will never be king.
the best so far perhaps ;)
Why would Masur leave St. John's?
My body aches,I need rest and no gym tonight! I already got 6 workouts in this week and the week still isn't over ;)
Thank you for taking the time to look it over. It means a lot.
RT Just reported a jam. My mood: speedy, using Waze - Drive Social
haitian grandmas love cleaning!!! They clean everything! When they here we just sit back nd relax
Awesome! RT : Mexican rider on Cinco Sat, May 5, 2012 Mayo! Mario!!!
m here alone now ts girl long island... happy holidays to all...enjoy life to the fullest
Watch for me on CSPAN's Washington Journal Sunday morning. I'll be talking about Presidential Campaign Posters from the Library of Congress.
naw I'm on the organ
Can someone please ask JLo and Pitbull to stop making music: a) together & b) separately? The world will thank you for it.
Happy 1st Birthday to ! And many more.
so I guess no on the follow :)
Real stupid... The dumb way..
Bulger back in court. Asking for you, the taxpayers, to pay his legal bills. As proscutors drop some charges. at 11 on
you weren't alone ;) RT Home alone and walking around naked is strangely liberating.
yep, 10 days took it's toll. just really getting into the grind again today! no doubt you need to make it down to dc soon.
Did you mean to post about the new diet???
Don't forget... vocab for history due tomorrow!
Blessed to have you a part of the #Jags!!! Check out and hope to see you soon. Be blessed!!!
where do you watch him pitch at?
Is that "good" laughing? Lol
So not wrong! =)
Why do the Orioles have Bill Hall on the bench...on MOTHERS DAY? Are they stupid?
I know its Saturday & yall are going out but PLEASE BE SAFE! Whether we're close or not, I care about what happens to yall.
lol fight me
Is anyone going to the concert August 4th in Orlando?
Way to pull it out #caps! Next game, let's win during regulation
With the steak picture, I think dinner. Lunch with the chicken picture.
Happy New Year from Massage Envy Spa Cottonwood! Start the new year off right with a massage and facial! 505-922-0202
First person to show me this tweet during dinner service gets their appetizer on me.
These days of high school are finally coming to an end.
thank you much!!!! I kinda like it too . . . a lot!
For those wondering what exactly HoosierTrack is, we are webcasting network for Indiana High School Sports!
Me and tia came up with this yesterday i think
Hooray for holiday travel-- Family ties will trump economic worries as more Americans travel for the XMAS New Year break, A said
yeah it's Maria, but they call me mary:)
yes shut up!<3
Loh never expected a big reaction to a program on Japanese armor, but the video blew up! Another reason to record all events.
"every yr 4 Halloween I dream if being Freddy Mercury but I never do it" //DO IT!!!!
Nashville bound!
Unfortunately, I have to remove "great" from my vocabulary, and must speak in hyperbole "amazing"'s.
He got some right before the ceremony. had a strict pants mandatory policy
I've been interviewing for a new position and got an offer earlier this week. I officially accepted today. Yay!
Dear Restaurant on the Santa Barbara Pier, Why the jazzy Beatles elevator music for Mom's Day? Was it also only three songs on repeat? Why?
Your hairdo is still majestic!
haha I get what you're saying! No worries ;)
Omg I'm at 1004 tweets which means I missed my 1000th tweet
Woo!! Good choice :DD
Sweet dreams an best wishes I'm passing out!
The leftovers are still kicking, so: I am thankful to live in a place that accepts art in the margins. Here's to realizing dreams every day.
Are you a Proud Wisconsinite?
Calling all mopeds too
who? Like mom? Lol
FYI: Fountains of Wayne's 1996 album is great from start to finish. One of my faves. I didn't have the guts to say that to their faces.
Buy NingXia Red Today & Experience Dynamic Energy and Stamina, Matchless, Age-Defying Antioxidant Activity & Sustained Immune Defense @ http
rent one from the library?
MOBOTIX Enhances Product Portfolio with New Cameras, Accessories - MarketWatch (press release)
“: Thanks so much for the s/o! Have a great Sunday!” YW same to you
The Pleasure is all mine. Thank you
If you are in Pacific Beach, CA , we offer a free estimate for all your locksmith needs. Get professional locksmith services, at affordable
I try to confuse my cat by petting her in weird ways.
basically just a babysitter. Haha. But its preschool at Broadway
Iowa wrestles over Medical Corn dilemma: managing misuse of medical maiz raises a crop of growing concern
this boys are too funny(: kinda bored now tho. So... #callmemaybe(;
RT : Working on the Leader's Summit! It is going to be a great day. We are excited to teaching some great...
I'm very happy that I found your blog. Love reading it so far.
I'm Tryin' To Stay But Mama Say The Schools Bad .
Hope to see you today for $1.50 Mexican Beer. Draft or Bottle. Also kids eat free today!!!
Full Bench in the house for the Celtics.
and I wrote down the main groups from each era and what they had in common and different and I wrote down american response
Feel free to leave some comments on any of the posts we put up! we wanna know if you are feeling it or not!
“: Will be sworn into MN bar on Friday at the MN Supreme Court! Anyone out there done that?” >> congrats!!
about the same just in a different city. No real cheesesteak sandwiches here so I'm jealous of that!
Wow I'm lovin these Griffin KIA Optima commercials. The commercials make me want to get the car.
Radio play costs. Whether its #MONEY 4 a promoter or #TIME researching & building relationships. Its not FREE & Its NOT CHEAP
you're already halfway there. step 3: get lazy.
FYC, advanced writing, lit, and a grad-level comp pedagogy practicum. Also WAC coordinator. I appreciated your #4c12 tweets!
And maybe Dr. Pepper has a branding problem. Cans that look like Schlitz?
go Nuggets, go Nuggets, go Nuggets....GO!...i really hope they can pull off a win tonight!
Experience Joe Rogan should be running correctly.
That's one of my favorite RTs in recent times.
Anxiously awaiting the announcement of the week dates!
Visit my site,www.thetotalpetspa.com, email me with your info so that I can provide you with info & samples when it becomes available, thanx
wish I had been up to see you in MS last wk. Saw Lee Ann Womack tonight here, love it! How u feeling?
um, yes. Yessir it does.
thanks for the add Alicia :)
nose:s creo que a la mia
She likes whiskey with her water...There's a little bit of devil in those Angel eyes, She's a little bit of heaven, with a wild side (;
Fact; and my dad have the same birthday.
ha! Tell it like it really is! I met the chef, he was using my kitchen, I wanted to hate him but he seems a really nice bloke
Whoops. Don Nelson DESERVES it.
hi sugar! Did you party with Wuety? Was it fun? Congrats on RJ's wedding!! Love you! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
#congratsKentucky don't completely destroy Lexington....again
Plug headphones in my phone and a music player I've never seen before starts playing. I can't seem to find this mystery app. So odd.
soo bored here in my bed watching some mike mo's vids on his youtube channel :B
Hey I love you and your songs !!! GREAT WORK! YOU ROCK! ;)
Just played a team on FIFA 12 called the 69ers all of the players were 69 overall and from England
I just finished a 4.00 mi run with a time of 43:57 with Nike+ GPS.
u know the pengable game i think u made are u the creator or somthing
2. Its weird and 3. Try Jesus! He is amazing and will totally change your life!
Follow insane workouts with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Happy Friday QBM friends! All applicants have been notified. Please contact us if you didn't receive an email from us. Thanks!!
I want a bottle (or 3) of Worthy (Sophia's Cuvee) - but I'll be dipped if I can find it. (including online) Is it even available anymore?
cant wait to hear the new stuff :-) listening to creatures right now gets me motivated to clean lol <3
Cutting vocals with These harmonies are outrageous.
the way #LFC fans treat King Kenny reminds me of North Korea and Kim Il-Sung
Does anyone else think Anthony Davis looks a lot like Darth Vader with his helmet off at the end of Jedi?
Thanks, I'll check that book out!
it wouldn't surprise me if we cut all our fullbacks since mike martz likes to have TE's play fullback like kyle adams
miss you more than you could imagine!
Obviously, we've entered some alternate dimension of reality, as Juan Uribe has gone 4-4 with 3 rbi
#schoolmemories doing nothing ALL day long
my apologies! and to make matters worse, tinychat sent the same tweet from my account. ( v sneaky way of getting eyeballs).
Seriously where the fuck is are team, the #benchmob is meant to keep us in the game not win it!!
#RT Get some Follow HERE!
I seriously cannot stand this play by play chick announcing the #Badgers game. May need to turn on the radio.
The phone is now in flight mode
Putting $$$ where our mouth is: 100% of profits on online CloSYS oral rinse to Breast Cancer Awareness. www.closys.com/charity.html
Oh, also, if you RT the Tweet where I was talking about the giveaways, I'll consider that a S/O too
thanks for the heads up, kimberley, and spreading the love, megan! xo
WOULD LOVE 2 SEE u in a BLAZERS uni!!
so cute!!
like i said if im someones friend i will be there for you lik i knw for years even tho i bearly knw you
Ok, definition time: What is a "Post Show" to folks? What is a "TalkBack"?
RT : how long you there -- until Sunday
I loved watching you perform at MYFM. It was amazing and your vocals were fucking flawless.
Getting ready to leave the Adirondacks.
I want them all! So many cute styles! RT : is IN THE HOUSE! Only took a detour to Paris and 6 week delay. #Rejoice!!
Yes. And I agree with it the vast majority of the time. But in my little corner of the training world, these are not the motivators
Each day try to accomplish what you have been putting off the most. You may be stunned by how much easier the rest of your day goes!
RT : CHECKOUT MY NEW music film #CrashCourse starring and Directed/Edited by WATCH/LIKE/COMMENT ht ...
3rd I second that. “: me and on a beat needs to happen. That'd be so dope.”
National Library Week is April 8-14 this year. I wonder what I can do in recognition for it.
you sound like a drunk mess tweeting. Stop.
Is there ANYONE in the US who believes that #HomelandSecurity is going to delete the info they collect on you after 5 years?
RT : I want to go to UNIFEST !!!! < It's this SUNDAY in Laud. Lakes, F. Have u gotten ur tickets yet?
I'll eatcha girl up for breakfast.... Wont save ya no extras
where can I get me one of those like right meow!
Bedtime! Back up in 5 hours for what is surely going to be a day that puts the final nail in my coffin.
The short answer is: we book the ad with a cable rep in the market noted. For a longer answer, email info @ redbluevoice !
Hated by many! Loved by few! Respected by all!
2nd to none
Have you told all your friends who love football about Pros and Cons, the first feature film about fantasy football? if not, do it today!!
Fell asleep. Totally cashed out. Wishing I didn't have homework so I could stay asleep.
We hope you enjoy! RT : Going to see Naked Before God tonight
just checked out that tune, sounds like a SHIT TON of spring reverb and delay. Miss ya, buddy.
Things thinks I understand: "In AE, export as QT in the format your main sequence will be in - with an alpha channel!"
I will bet you an imaginary sum that he gets no fewer than 20. And then we will so who is #lolwut and who is not.
Pure fuckery on Mothers day
Oh no, they didn't put it at the end. It's in the middle. The end is all about legal threats and bonds to post. Oh yeah, I...
Awesome!! I hope he's not training tomorrow.
i can do this all day, your moves are just gay
ActionScript In Action: Writing A Better Object « Influxis Labs
I bring all my guns to work
What's the move for tonight Cleveland? Hit up
Thanks for thinking of us. Let's talk about it over DM.
Chatting with prospective roommates. Practicing piano.
Northern Michigan University presents "Creating a Culture of Civic Engagement. " Highlights NMU's Superior Edge umbrella program.
Finally landed in ABQ. Woke up at 330am CST. Cut day at Masters, Passover, Good Friday, Yankees opener & a wine tasting in ABQ. Wow.
yes, it was me, but I am now too rich to talk to you. I bid you good day sir.
$150 to pre-purchase Guild Wars 2 Collector's Edition. I am SO doing it.
ha okay, jerk :)
Congratulations! Welcome to the Society. RT : Now officially a member of the chapter of !
oops that word should of not been in there sorry it should read don't let lifestyle mishaps get u
I love having a guy best friend :) They ask me for opinion regarding girls, life and of course fashion!!
The sun is actually shining in WV, after a foot of snow.
Good seeing you the other day. Let me know when you want to do a real west coast road trip
hi there - how can I register / view the webinar today? Looking forward to it!
Sometimes I Think About You Marrying Me...Then I Hit The Blunt And...
and your finally on twitter
you have one of these? RT Anybody in the Bay Area have a working Digitech PD800 we could borrow?
#RnBThrowBacks Rude Boys - Written All Over Your Face
Set the world on fire in one day. Scary
Excuse me i need more water too. Come back please. Refill my glass for the 4th time LOL
I wanna see a Syracuse/Hilltopper final
buck swag bitches
that mall is slaw
Manis, pedis, open tabs at the bar, everything paid for, fuck yes! She didnt even have to finish askin the question b4 I answered. Lmao.
Awe thanks.(:
How sum of my grades are I cant afford to miss NO MORE SCHOOL
I'm loving #codeyear from Codecademy so far!
I ain't gotta say it I just understand
dont pass out on me
Los angeles, CA
they changed that over the holidays. had to keep up with Facebook? check out discover/activity.
thanks for the support
It's cheaper to buy in bulk from them since that's when the discounts kick in. Once you find the right spot, buy everything!
We want a game 7!
thank you. why is Linda talking in her baby voice again? O.o
Where are you at #AAA12? Would like to meet you. Checkered jacket. Right side of the room.
woah thts weird we like tweeted it at the same time too!
You sure about that? I think he wanted to stay but the numbers were wrong. he is a great kid man, I wish him the best.
Sounds good! Goog+ kinda failed for me...it wouldn't show up!
Walking around the office glassy eyed. I should invest in Visine.
Once U go chicken, U never go cow!!!! What the hell!!!!
Nike and Jordan's only quality shoes for basketball
Rachelle Farrell "It Only Took A Minute" is doing ALL RIGHT this afternoon!
Illinois is sliding :(
#onlyratchetgirls fight after getting outta church
Cone on MKE...give us weather like this ALL week so we can train hard this week!
You know what they say about small shoes...
Just realized I accidentally deleted all my videos! :(
Well, Shame is getting wiped out here. Lines, lines. Badges got in, looks like. Mist passes still outside.
thanks for the follow back bro... And color blocking makes my eyes and nose bleed at the same time!
Good to know I'm not the only one!! ;-) Good Morning!RT : Why are all of us up? Like 1 big twitter meeting...
Learning about World War ll in school. We also have to do a project about a topic or person in the War. I got Oskar Schindler, the good guy!
I almost dislike attorneys more than Yogurt. They both make me Barf never had a good yogurt or a good Lawyer
All I wanted was you
i dont know why i am still up?!
My new favorite "bow-legged dumpster skank". Thanks
"Il Comandante" features: Pancetta, Green Peppers, and seasoned Ricotta. We also now have Shiltz Tallboys and Bell's 2 hearted ale! YUM
Every Single Human Being On Earth Can And Does Make A Difference.
You're annoying...
have you decided a date on the ATL interview?=)
In the 420 room of the Morris J Wosk Centre for Dialogue in Vancouver, BC. No, really I am!
Trying to come up with a Valentine's Day ask that isn't totally cheesy and overused...it's hard!
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas > <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Sent it Jason.
Good news. We have some leftover orchids & we've decide to give them away to anybody who makes a chocolate purchase at any price!
Promise!? :-) RT : so upset i missed the event...next time i WILL be prepared!!
Oh my God, it's terrible. My wife and her friend who know nothing about sound are starting to notice. That's when you know it's bad.
It's getting chilly outside! What's your favorite fall activity?
How bout I need a boothang;)
Well, thank you so much, friend.
DONT DELETE PLEASE ! <U+2665> PLEASE
Go see #theAvengers you won't be sorry. Joss Whedon is My Master Now..
Shiid everybody can see our convo,that's why I'm not putting ur kuz then everybody will see who I'm talkin too lol#secretive stuff
The #AccessSportsAuction has the added benefit of the Wings gameat - perfect view from the Cadillac Grille.
I was at event six or seven years ago where Ozzie was posing as Jose.
What exactly is a Metrosexual Black Abe Lincoln?
I'm hoping Skins lose Sunday, it will make great radio next week.
ha nah. im guilty of it too. (:
why is neeecie leett letting me have it telling me how I need to quit being a bitch and I'm almost drink drunk like a dragon
come away little light come away to the darkness
The #redevelopment scam will go down in history as one of the biggest con jobs ever. It's time to drive a wooden stake and be done with it.
Wonderful! Looking forward to learning with you
I just realized my tits were out all day. Keepin it classy.
Here we go! Monday it is!
3 methods to learn wisdom: 1 reflection, which is noblest; 2 imitation, which is easiest; & 3 experience, which is bitterest. -Confucius
Can't focus..
If I had a $ for everytime someone asked me if I was Indian, Pakistani, or any of those countries, I'd have a nice little nestegg by now.
we can working out where if U got something that math the feel and theme of the album then i would consider it to be on there.
Back to work. One week until San Diego and Las Vegas shoots!
Who "LIKES" lunch better when you don't have to make it yourself?
Just bit a large, bloody hole in my tongue. Gah!
Jimmy V speech gets me every time
frontline plus is NOT vet only! I work at petco and we sell it there! I think someone was confused.
Timbers better kick some ass tonight
RT RT After an argument I think about better things i should have said.
Die in a lake with a date with a catfish back flip head first smilin'
there ya go hun :) have jake check it out and let me know :)
Party Tomorrow >>>
You have no idea how much that annoys me.
still can't believe he has to ride with me ... -_-
Good morning May you have a delicious day.
Think I will sunbathe in my livingroom. Just doing my part to increase the albedo effect here in the PNW.
ha I was just thinking the same thing!
Hey I Just Met You & This Is Crazy But Here's My Twitter So Follow Me Maybe <3
I'm loving this whole "school throwing excused absences at our faces" thing that's going on. I'm not going to PE this morning. WHOO!
thank you so much. It is a pleasure following you.
Black People are so extra!
How have U been?
": so great i got one great gift from " why do u spam us?
: Its time for me to wash ppl out of my life and start new. I'm negative enough on my own, I don't need their negative help.
RT : You know those people who can't eat a thing when they're stressed? I hate them. In fact, I could eat them. <------ Funny!
At this point, with most returns in, Barrett's margin over Falk is wider in Dane County than it is statewide.
. Just caught some lady giving me the ugliest face . #whatTheFuckDidIDo ?
So uh yeah. Horrible way to start out my day.
Today I go in for another follow up on my staff infection so hopefully it's good news!
The only political thing that could make me happier than Elizabeth Warren running for Senate is Larry Lessig being nominated for SCOTUS.
Learn about Accelerated Video Creation and Streaming with and today at our booth #1117 at 2:30 and 3:30!
Stop by and check out our new Drink List- new cocktails, martini, and hot ciders!
Making journalism more directly useful to people and communities and winning greater public support and involvement in journalism
Listening to a Norwegian pop band in art with Duce.
Friday we file 30,000 sigs for Living Wage! Come eat cake w/ us! LB City Hall 1 PM
There's something wrong when you have the AC on in march...
oh i gave that poster to marixa
Yes indeed. Please come! I need to check that I have the right address for you on my maillist. It's a cool spot. xoxxo Lisa
Jamie Dimon and JP Morgan isn't close to being your biggest problem. Global Climate change and drought and no clean water. THOSE are bigger
Have you started an online Photo Album for your pet like on Flickr or Facebook?
Run for congress ! You've got my vote!
you two are fuckin terrible..you get sadomized wherever you play.. quitter punks,chris paul cant save you.
GSVSC headquarters will be closed Monday, February 20, 2012 due to inclement weather. We apologize for the inconvenience.
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.-Mother Teresa
voted for cody!!!
I've been to Green Pig. It's amazeballs. Though everything is so rich, you have to take a vacation from eating for a while after
RT The ultimate of being successful is the luxury of giving yourself the time to do what you want to do. Leontyne Price
Trailer: On The Road Dean and Sal are the portrait of the Beat Generation. Their search for "It" results in a fast paced, energetic rolle
I cant get Hallo or whatever:(
Thank you for sharing. Sounds like you have been blessed with a wonderful father. May he rest in peace.
#adubfamily ..let's work together and vote for like crazy! :)
Langlade county announced! Ha! yeah baby!
I honestly think this is going to be the best Winter Classic yet! I love the teams and the venue.
Here I find myself once again.
Good luck to everyone running tomorrow's ! I'll be out there live on Hopkinton Common all AM. Come say "hello."
#UseTittesInAMovieTitle, the day the titties stood still
I think missed us! :) Hey there Zayn! How you doing?
this is so cool!! :P we should totally meet up somewhere its weird tht we jus met eachother and live in the same area!!
Thanks for the follow!
Ola Sis, it's definitely a great programming idea. Civil Rights shouldn't be drawn on racial/gender/sexuality boundaries.
Lol I know this one person who sleeps with their closet light on every night because they are scared of the dark
Using a different tack to get our film out there. Interviews with conspiracy websites. Our tagline says it all: Trust No One!
Thanks girl ! <3 WE WON :D
ussup wit u
Dressed for success!
HAHAHAHA!!!!! That actually sounds good. I'm suppose to meet up with my homie from L.A. today.
are you describing the chaebol's actions? i would call it brazen; dn ask me the translation due the nuance of the word
You are ador.
I have been waiting since forever. I cannot keep failing at potions.
watching , they're foxy!
Wat it do world get at yo boy
Sometimes goodbye is the only way.
A classic. And I love Roy Eldridge.
fiction - a can't put down!
Miami has changed in so many ways, but so many things remain the way they were. Great post.
Awkward how Ricky's dad is in my "people you may know" box...
Fracking is just a bad idea guys. People are already getting sick and no one cares. Just another day in America. Let's make money!
you need to watch love and hip hop. I immediately thought about our talk yesterday.
nope!! Or my hoodie, long sleeve, 2 pairs of yoga pants, phiten,skirt. Cool<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Heading to Chicago and Follett's New Leaf on Learning Conf. #nlil12 after a little stop for lunch!
Its so funny when ppl have on fb "in a relationship..but its complicated" because you know that means more than likely they bout to break-up
you have taught me to #neversaynever and to #makeachange! :D i LOVE you!! <33 ps. Please Follow Back
Just want to take the time to thank Letlive and all the people who came out to the show. Thanks to for housing the show!!!
did you try massaging that area?
I'm pretty sure the Lakers got Metta World Peace because it makes Bynum look classy.
I'm not sure if they are yet. I'm definitely trying to get one.
Note to everywhere I go hear music: get your sound together or you will not see me again.
yeah man
Damn O = you looks like Chris brown
to :" to stop selling feature phns & #Symbian #smartphones in US, Canada."Consumers stopped buying years ago.
I had a terrific time judging the photo contest at the Loudoun County Fair on Monday. I appreciate being asked, thanks folks!
Happy Monday Austin!! Don't forget 2 bring in your #CincoDeMayo outfit you wore this weekend or your work clothes for this week to get clean
This classroom is so damn cold!!
Don't miss your last chance to see the VAC's fall exhibitions! We will be closed for the holidays from Dec 18 to Jan 27!
hanging up pictures.
enjoy the walk. Leaving northwestern now. Chat with u in the am
Anyone in New Orleans today?! Happy Thanksgiving! I'm thankful for my family, my friends, my business, my health... I could go on and on!
Have you heard of FX "Fractionated Laser"? State of the art to turn back the clock on signs of aging skin.
Coffee is brewing....can't wait to get a cup in my hand!
I finally get to see this SI Swimsuit project you were telling me about back in December... ha Amazing.
RT: Can't wait to hang out with after #finals even though im broke ;)
it was pretttyyy good. a lot of funn.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen Fergie realized her "humps" were actually malignant tumors.
damn u ain't lying bring that to the chi n introduce her to your cousin!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
damn! Aight slow down here I come #shit lol
I hate laying down and my earring stabs me <U+E40C>
check out take 5 oil on mallard creek church..they only do oil changes and it literally takes 5 mins..max 7 for me.
How about one new, one old? Much appreciated.
Ripping my heart was so easy, so easy
I miss fun140 :/
that awkward moment when someone has the Mrs____ with your best guy friends last name on the end....
you always have me:') Hahahaha!! Kidding!
How the Cloud is Reshaping the IT Help Desk... Iteon Consulting has the expertise to move services to the cloud and support strategic IT in…
No new #jerseyshore tonight. I think I just died a little
I noticed your teledildonics (best word ever?) thing. Can you recommend any internet-controlled toys for men? Been searching.
Phantom of the Opera <3 -thank you Netflix :]
Greatest gift: giving kids the will to read. Ross Todd
A-Rod striking out to end it and Doug fister got the win. Not to bad for the mariners tonight.
What a perfectly beautiful weekend in #Milwaukee. Now THIS is summer!
I wish you and I could talk one more time about it.
We need to have a REAL R&R day. #realtalk hahahahah
"Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there."
With mobile app design, never leave them asking them for less.
Prom, Cinco de Mayo, Mifflin, and full moon - I'm hiding out in my apartment for the duration, & I reserve the right to hide under my bed.
Beauty = taken to some men.
Q: When are you headed to next? What are you looking for?
Sometimes ur closest friends are the onea that judge u the most
Still pissed off ever since Sunday, ugh. please call me when u get the chance.
Have a great time!!
I love the sound of small transistor radios. Cheap speakers. AM radio. It reminds me of summer & baseball. Also, my grandmothers.
good for you. I love going to work
Cattle call line....oh, I mean airport security line....<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
ALWAYS kiss me goodnight <3
Raising Hope Again! <3 C: Fuck Yes Then New Girl Then Breaking In #LovingTuesday Oh God I Have No Life But Its All Good.
Stephen King is writing a sequel to The Shining! O_O
My son starts 9th grade tomorrow. With all the magazine covers and tv interviews, he's going back famous. He's proud to have Autism.
I agree, I could make a really long list of reasons why that show sucks lol.
you left with no goodbye. Not a single word was saaaaaaaiiiiiid.
idk whenever I get off. I'll hit you up on here.
oh yea I gotta new number
Well maybe now we can see change we can believe in.
Yeah! Watching DVR, a little behind you. But yeah! RT:": Oh damn. #scandal"
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY FAV MALE SINGER UP NXXXXT :D JUSTIN BETTER WII
I think we lobby cross tweeted. :)
All are welcome to #bloodyfest, Frig. All are welcome.
Just passed a place called Indie Burger. I bet they taste great, bc the best burgers come from cows who never got a chance to get too big.
i THOUGHT those kitties looked famliar! LOL
that big photo is amazing
my office isn't nearly as exciting as
happy birthday awk !
Colonial Nation would like to wish a very happy birthday to Julie Rose!
Make it to our next show?! :)
NEW MUSIC ALERT: The Gaslight Anthem "45" at 4:10!
why the sad face?:0
For a chuckle, follow
Yay! Did I hear right that I missed seeing you again last Wednesday at Threadgills?
Life is too short to be thinking "What if"
No thank you!!
Where was you at today bro?
The Passion of the Christ is on Netflix. Hell to the yeah!
The new mulch on campus smells like shit
thanks for the rt. I have lots to say. Glad you saw it
Gotta get some new #BelieveMemphis #GRIZZNATION gear for me and the R!
So many little things that need to be accomplished. I wish they were all cute little square photos I could look at then toss in the done box
doing good fam!! hope all is well with u 2
I thought of you today knowing that we'll see each other That made me smile.
- but then again, looking back, I wasn't that awesome. Not sure if that is a pro or a con. :)
follow back boo!
And what kind of weirdness? Hm...
want to do a show in Tampa/St Pete?
How cute are fun sized Kit Kat bars?
not much. You
Im that ni99ah who will be complainin bout the summer heat , while sippin on hot coco. lol
She had such a long & productive career. Have you read The Dress Dr or Edith Head's Hollywood? Keep meaning to get to those!
I have a new story out but there must be a glitch in WORDPRESS system. The story date should show MAY 14 instead of MAY 7. NLD Mom/ca.surv
Con’t - Enjoy your download percentages that come in daily Mr. Rock N Roll hypocrite.
:D that's good you get to spend time with Sara!! :)
awesome/good for you. I'll be running again at 8am. I'm usually an afterwork exerciser.
MTV's Musical March Madness: Green Day Vs. Paramore For The Title!
all pussy aint good pussy
really when what??
To build a broadband network you need eminent domain and/or access to government right of way.
yea ok
appreciate it !!
you do realize you are the only person following me right?
Metro Milwaukee MLS stats out today tell the story of a slow July with hot weather buyers have summer on their minds
Just saw Metta's elbow....smh
Our colleagues at Lakeside Hotel completed their trek to raise funds for WaterAid. Congratulations from us all
#Angels on the right side of a shutout tonight. Way to deal Big Erv. Light that baby up!
unfortunately I'm not the target...my daughter is. Again. 8yo talking in her sleep and crying again. Sayin creepy shit Goodbumps
SKYPE: "making people try to look good at 3am since 2003"
truly a class act. Got a chance to speak with her at the Olympic #MediaSummit in Dallas. See her story soon on Yahoo! Sports
Jessica Wiza, our camp assistant this summer, will be live blogging throughout the camp this year! Be sure to follow us for updates!
if can take a twitter break then so can I. BYE GUIZE.
Tomorrows going to be the best day ever. I dont want to live the summer with regret. Im scared.. but ready <3
Hiya Justin!
Can I not be Lena Dunham's character??
lol please tell me college and not high school! Haha
Controlled, polite, and to the point. All in all...a very Hoosier debate.
Nothing's forever so count your days.
Hey Evelyn, I think you should do a Football Wives reality show.
Getting close put together some mega deal with TV and sponsors.
Ahh My day today just gets worst and worst like wtf. I dont like it like this
''Forever'' Is NOT In My Vocabulary . Buh ''Temporariy'' Is .
I'm slowly crashing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> If I stop replying to my texts , goodnight <U+270C> #BuenasNoches <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099><U+2728>
Deep, how over-rated is it over-rated? lol
When i turn 18 im out of this house.
Life... is like a grapefruit. It's orange and squishy, and contains a few pips in it, and some folks have half a one for breakfast.
That's fantastic! is such a great program. We're proud to have been recognized in 2008.
When are you coming to South Beach dude?
So solid , now youre like water .
Thank you Sergi! We are very proud of what we created! Looking forward to the next adventure.
Okay, then I'll not mention the terms AIA-A101 & AIA-A201, that is notwithstanding any intention therein to the contrary! :-)
Tell Stephen A. that is the "Chicago Way" to insulate yourself with people you trust rather than people who can do the job.
Boyfran came over to hangout with me && Megan (:
Sure thing. RT : if you accidentally get some good resumes for PR peeps, send 'em our way will you?
Everybody is talking about rebecca black, that mess. Hahahaha. Smh
Thanks for the cheer help today! Probably couldn't have done it without you!
Ready for our boy to land in SD tonight for a west coast swing against the Padres & Dodgers. Getting the start Tuesday night
A5. Fridays...all of them. #Nuts :)
Work. and work. and work. We'll see what happens when it happens
Al harrington look like piccolo of dragonball z lhh
wanna go out some where tired of sitting here
Good ones, those are all on my list :)
Guess opinion don't matter anymore in this society. Keep your trap shut if you want to live.
Hang in there - changing the world is time consuming and persistence will lead to victory over the 1%.
I dont want to tweet until I finish my first state race
let go CC
I got u mama #fb ": #FollowBack"
(bryan) From the "it's not a problem, I'll call you back file - Me: "Good time to talk?" Him: "I'm on my way to a hostage situation"
Tomorrow is "Rest in Power". Terra cafe, 7-10pm $5 at the door. Same great features.
Rec'd a letter from an author praising an editor's instructive rejection letter. The exchange highlights the grace of scholarship.
where did that happen, I can't recall a movie like that?
Good morning! Hope everyone is having a lovely day! ;) Looking for a model for my event in NYC on Nov 17th. Any takers?
RT : Dude, im heading 2 incredible pizza 4 a b-day part-ay!!! should b awesomely funnerific!
Friendship, oh, friendship... missing her already.
Airplane! is not dated except for two or three jokes, and is far, far better and more consistently funny than almost every film it inspired.
Okay so its rly not ben stiller but he can def. be a celeb. look alike! He is dancin around and advertising sauce! Are you a promoter or ...
Life is like Facebook, everybody just wants to be liked .
#thatawkwardmomentwhen your the only person staying on the A Bus when it gets to the stadium...
Glad to see that #CNN has hired the reporter that broke the PSU case - #SaraGanim. I tweeted many of her March 2011 articles.
Overeem: I want to prove to the commission that I am a fair fighter. I will not apply to fight anywhere else (other than NV). Absolutely not
Feel the same way w/mine. Think I'll go see him right now! RT : I'm in love with my Keurig.
We are preposterously early for this thing
whats good. This ya boy Solo Xquzit
So how does one get sleep apnea? Well, most people who have sleep apnea are predisposed very early in life
Sunny to start the lunch rush then becoming partly cloudy this afternoon. Temps warming thru the 60's!
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-33
"why don't we do it in the road?"
I miss 's live chats
Thanks for the important work that you do :)
You are a member if you bought MLB.tv or MLB Extra Innings RT : How can I become a member of this class?
Bankable Brand: Actress Ion Overman 2012 Pilot Season Takes Off with BIG Model Campaigns
Report me? You must be a Jets fan. LOL!
JAE-WAN LIVE tonight at the Doll Hut in Anaheim. Come on out
now that's a BIG pour : )
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 18
we're still trying to figure out how to work this out. Its a little exciting but frustrating too?? Did you watch the derbs?
Hello Minneapolis. Now off to
why yes, i did just vote Andy for hottest male at the kerrang awards. No i am not ashamed at all
I was alwaya fuck up my spelling on simple ass words on twittta cause my phone
how cute is your little twitter avatar? (the answer is "too")
I have discovered three things that amazed me today: art nouveau; mandalas; and the power of women roaring with laughter together. Woo!
meaning, did he set that twitter account up. There are no details connected to it.
what's a dinkleman?
Be my Girlfriend? :)
If I was your boyfriend, I never letcha go.
It was going to be a good weekend until I got home..
Got Persona 4 and a flannel for Christmas.
hey <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> head
Really dropped the ball today. Stinks, but live and learn.
Why do I feel so tired
Marshall-ism of the Day: Either you don't know how to do something or you choose not to do something. There is no CAN'T!
I'll have to ask - there are quite a few of them, but I'll find out! W.
you need luck now, 2-3 passes?
the convo we had on the phone last night = halirious!
65 and sunny in February!!
u fake so
The great relief! 108% Funded! Thank you so much!
ok hah we'll come back soon for dinner
It's hard to find real friends , the world is full of fake bitches .
Good Morning everyone. Well, my three hours of sleep are up, now off for another long day of getting some things done. Have a great day <3
thanks J xx
Ah! Why weren't you?! LOL, I heard Zayn was screaming "YOLO" the entire time.
Checkout the Valley News Dispatch on Sunday, January 30, 2011 for a feature story on Slyder Football founder Howard Nolen.
for those who care—can't imagine there are too many—Carlos Gomez left the game with a tweaked hamstring...now you all can rest easy
Limbaugh discussing a theory of Roger Simon that he read on Powerline about a Breitbart blog, while complaining about vetting.
I love Wanda! My girlfriend insists that I get "Wanda hair."
thanks for not geeking out on us! Love macroscopes
Thank you for the follow. I look forward to reading more of your post. Have a good day!
Break for coloring up chips. 129 players today in WPO event. First place is 9K. There are 4 tourneys going on at the same time
Windows down kind of weather ..
I'm a Knicks fan. Was embarrassed by streamers. It was Bush League. One win. Still down 3-1 in series. Mission NOT accomplished. BUSH LEAGUE
Me to. I'm excited to work out outside at 6pm for booty camp! Ha I just want to lay out at the park, the sun is so nice!
Probably by the end of the week RT any idea when online planner going live?
U know what? Using bad grammar is a little fun when you're stoned.
hahaha. Let me won this week brouch I need a win
I miss him already and its only been 12 hours *** sighs deeply *** *christina the cuban*
-____- really ?! you no longer can criticize my spelling errors...... cigarettes******
But now, people think of Friday night as the place where shows go to die.
Alan Gross says he's lost 100 pounds during his captivity in Cuba so far.
goodmorning how r u?i hope today u will follow me
only 21 more hours...
Killer leg training days can equal great pain hours later, just ask Jerry about it after his intense leg training...
Did you counsel with individuals or just speak about the program to others? (SPP)
Mothers day went well. But it's gunna be awkward as fuck on fathers day..
Good Afternoon Friends and Family looks like today will be beautiful! Editing in progress for new youtube video!
True RT : have you seen me make beats yet?
#hotincleveland mixtape wasa long time comin but timin is everything and right now CLEVELAND is #winning (just got goosebumps)
Omg ur not alone there! Some old gay guys creep me out, I don't wanna be that!
Just doing my job Ma'am. lol
he is!<33
Im chilln in da benz dealership tryn to get a job. One day ill be able to buy me one.
we hope people #getFIT to live a healthier life overall! Any reason to be healthier is a good reason!
I'm getting my truck driver license just because. Lol
When I move I don't tell anyone. Idk why. It's people that's still learning I moved to Atlanta.....That was 3 years ago-_- lol
oh YES the dreaded duplication!!! I used to make my girls dresses and that problem solved!
You're the best. Thanks for the love!
Today's the first day of my first sabbath year with bob.
In the subway station, eg, people wait holding doors for complete strangers. I like that! Doesn't happen in Manhattan!
Was it actually about hippopotami?
Just like us some dogs are very friendly while others may be reserved
I am trying to be nice and help you...but whatever.
A lot of people wonder how the sex is with me and my white boy I just tell them to go fuck a white guy or girl and find out lol
not as official but a good effort
& night y'all, sweet dreams!(:
not really any south dates on it
Changed my mind. I'm watching Seinfeld instead. Also ordering later.
All I Get Is Cheese Like Im Taking Pictures
Have you created your to-do list today yet? Get it done so you can make the best use of your time.
#CTT+ is the #CompTIA #credential that proves you have the ability to transfer #knowledge and #teach the 'hard stuff'!
I think of impact as business metrics improving and ROI as "was the effort worth it?"
Yeah she's a gold-digger, but at least she has standards
Working on my #Cheeze and
Gheck out some aerial photos of Manhattan at HassyNYC.com.
Working on my #ISTE11 presentation. Changing the whole message of it, due to the educational teacher-bashing teacher/librarian cuts lately.
A simple calculation to determine the amount of water your body requires is to divide your weight in pounds by half. This is the approx…
I miss #RED nbs
Great minds think alike. You and me and Prodigy and Mike Tyson. We should all go get brunch.
If your boy only know that you were dissing him to talk to me.
good ass movie doe ;D
just thinking of watching movie or something at my place on sat. No biggies if you have plans.
Balance This! Ancho Garlic Shrimp Balanced Plate: miso soup, salad, sticky rice, shrimp and sushi roll. Come and get it!
just bought #500DaysOfSummer, best investment ever.
comfortable ones
CVS is the official sponsor of the hipster kingdom
Joe Flacco...finishing his third year, how good will he be? Thanks...Merry Christmas.
Hey girl:-)
Homeowner struggling to make payments? Contact us to learn all of your options and how a short sale can help. www.chicagoshortsalegroup.com
": *3AM text message* "Hey are you asleep?" “No, I'm hunting zebras. What the fuck do you want?""Hahah
What movies did you see this summer that we just HAVE to show in the fall? New or old, indie or blockbuster, we'd love to hear your ideas!
Does this black sequined robe make me look fat?
<U+270B> RT : <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> said one hood smell like tha other “: DUKE bitches smell like HOMEWOOD bitches”
really? So glad to hear from you - are you coming to fb for our group meeting?
yeah, I'll get right on that (: text me sometime, it's been awhile!
Ick! My parents just met my teacher...And they are talking. So I am walking around the school with with the Bilyk boys.... :D
they should have made a "ron arrest" on that crazy elbow..dayumm mike tyson was the only one who enjoyed that..lol
I'm hungry too. Hacienda sounds really good right now lol :)
Great! It's going to be an awesome show.
I'm so glad! You were great to shoot with!
He's young yet & has much to learn. He will in time!
The team is Out and about tonight. Hills at some of us when you see em.
Guess What? I gotta a Fever and the Only prescription is More Cowbell...
S/O to all my ladies
Use to sell dem bags. Now im sellin swagg
Totally agree. Love his use of music in that ep. I just think the one w/ the bum and the date really spoke to me.
ha! Good to know.
I wonder how many cups of coffee I can down in the next 50 min
I totally loved the original series. It had a charm and sophistication that I think is missing from the movie.
“: Do Real Genuine Women Still Exist?” if u need 2 ask, then sadly you are in the wrong place, or you are being fooled.
I don't think 16th-cpt is being offered. I believe it is on an every other year rotation, and next fall is off.
wouldn't it be hillarious if was the reason that Drake & Josh is trending because of what he Tweeted earlier?
My head hurts
I did mine too!!!!
Can't wait to get my hands on the city of Madison property data being made available at #swmadison. Oh the possibilities.
Happy Friday, everyone!
i had a blast last night. Too bad i dont remember much
Thanks for the retweet!
Yes I am with you always, until the very end of time-Jesus
it's been too long, heading out to #LSP to see the boys in blue take care of montreal.
you should check out Alisa on Facebook or twitter. She comes up with all different venues and needs people for different ones
Hahahah aw he's wonderful. How are you?!
YEAH ON DIZZYWOOD DO WE CAN TALK TO HER AND MAKE HER WANNA GO WIT
She keep comin back for more.
can you? aww thanks<U+2665>
I think it would be really neat! Heck, or even your art on postcards! Sorry my brain is in creative mode. I had caffeine!
Yep. They'll deliver baby chicks priority mail right to your door!
Sure! I am happy you had a good time. Hope to see you at the next meetup!
Hey. Let's get in touch.
BAY:) i alwys get giggly whn i c u RT I can always tell when my lovey 's around. her laugh is so distinct.:D
are you keeping it #real?
Maybe he left it until today to give it more visibility to the manager
Goodnight twitter :D
Lol that's very interesting xD. In a good way of course!
Braun has to learn to lay off the high cheese or he's gonna be a .235 hitter this year.
Come out canvass with us this weekend. Find out how to get involved by emailing us at or by calling us at 221-1999
People labeling college debt protests as entitlement are missing the point. Hard working Students start of life like imprudent high-rollers.
If The Game Aint Money Then I Aint Playing...
A bad peace is better than a good war.
i love how eminem in 8 mile acts like its nothing that he got jumped
What are some of your favorite musicals, plays, or stage adaptations?
50 Cent has $100k under his arm.
NFL season almost here.....and Canes are at Ohio state in a lil less than 48hours
camping this weekend......lots of fun! hope the bed bugs at night don't bite!
I have your money bro
Lobsterman Get Home Kit Discussion - nalgene
#NOIData - If you have a model or persuasion universe, run it as a crosstab in your polls to validate. Communicate with your pollster.
That sounds good, looking forwards to hearing from you soon.
Gotta love Twitter,
Today waz a good day :).
i'm not a lesbian....
Finally don't with all the shirts they are ready 2 be worn
Great Taxi service in Baltimore. Yes. Lost items, comments leave here Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore
I'm starting a new all male slam poetry group called Balls Deep.
Chilling in bed like
or that HXC sand volleyball game! Probably won't be able to lift my arms in the morning
#celticschat :'( This stinks. :'(
slowly updating my #vimeo to something worthy of a film person. More updates in the next few days.
Someone please ask Romney how one measures "amount" of regulation.
Jeeto: If I die what ll you do? Santa: I may also die
I wish I could suggest tracks to iTunes' genius playlists so it would play more Group Home and Black Moon with all my Wu-Tang and Jay-Z
Pleased to know I'm missing the snow in cbus today. Hoping for friends & colleagues that at least accumulation doesn't require shoveling.
OMG AUSTIN! <3333333 tell him I say hi and that I love him so much!
50 minutes until kickoff here at 1st Mariner Arena, where the Blast are set to take on the Wave in Game 1 of the MISL Championship Series!
just received CS5 suite for my mac! One advantage of being a student is huge discounts on software...although they don't make it easy!
you loser ! cx
Stop living a lie. Justin is with Selena and they're happy. Beliebers and Selenators unite. :)
RT : Bud Wild Wednesday! $1 Bud Light Taps & $2 Bottles All Day!
What are you doing with APIs to extend your business?
Who was the first actor or actress to win back-to-back Academy Awards for performance? Answer to win a FREE Seminar! Please RT!
I just had a mini spaz attack on the bus because #solisten came on!! :))
GM Beauties, Inner Thought: There are a lot of steps between where I am&where I want to be.The real task is-How can I make each step fun?
Hey T! Email me!
Bonnalog...Bruce on stage with Phish...Mustang Sally..Bobbie Jean..extended Glory Days..Wow!
can you skype?
Building robots and snow sluts
I DID
Hey Mr. Twitter, its me! Nice to meet yaa. :)
I so wish I could go to the derby
very true!! However only 2 people in my household :)
Oh man, great suggestion - thanks!
DJ CHACHI is tearing up the Radius dance floor tonight! To make the list or reserve your table hit me up @ (602)882-0317
lol! Love it.
Well that was short-lived.
Rico in for Shep this AM. 248.848.1130 - Which local team wins a championship first? Wings? Tigers? Lions? Michigan/Michigan State?
I suspect there is going to be a lot I sending glorious happy and victorious this summer
It's such a beautiful day! Glad the sun is shining where I am! Out in the warm weather listening to music I can dance too!
Heard from that you booked the pilot! See you this weekend :)
Nah just kidding
How are you doing? =)
following back bro
I am happy to be back on the follow! I don't get how some people get unfollowed! following...
the feeling after a haircut >>>>>
Everybody loves the sunshine
We get it Rex, you still wish that players beat the shit out of each other on the field.
* i cant find my " goody bag " :o
ATLAS and ATHENA programs - effective drug prevention for high school athletes. www.atlasprogram.com
I have Netflix already, Levi. I just hadn't gotten around to adding the G.I. Joe series to my Queue/Instant Watch list yet.
Less than 1 hour till tip.....nervous/butterflies!!! Lets get #8!!!
anytime boo <3
We have made great progress in diversity and inclusion but there is still much work to do
Aesome! RT : just ordered my Indy 500 tank! can't wait to get it!
I'm just so bad with feelings
I was trying to draw Brendon Urie as a cartoon to turning it into to Jacky but now it looks like James from Asking Alexandria.... :D haha
Remember the little people!
I completely agree. Its hard to assess organic serp order for clients too
Trenchant basketball analysis to follow: So ... Kentucky's pretty good, huh?
i agree freddy. Dude was way rehearsed. And what rapper wears a button up?
I feel very accomplished today. I have Hannibal desktop wallpaper. That's awesome right?
Steele looks forward to Texas return Brendan Steele returns to the scene of his greatest triumph this week when he defends his maiden PGA
Hope you didn't miss the head scratching/hair smoothing!
Very productive meeting ! Super excited for #wodw2012!! Cc:
I Will only stop loving you when a mute guy tells a deaf guy that a blind guy saw a legless guy walk on water <3
I'm just seeing this now and it makes me INCREDIBLY sad. Where was the parent? I would NEVER let my 5yo play outside alone.
You never know who your real friends are.
What is the better Drug Abuse Program? | Articles Rendezvous
It's after 5am, I'm WIDE awake but should be sleep smh
when I was working at HHS we just started to do battle of the books and I was so jealous of the students
Arizona neo-Nazi gunman JT Ready and his clan of haters? Satan's got seats reserved for them all, and down there it's not a "dry" heat.
Just went over the site last night... Very excited to start the testing process!! We are ready to test! Like us on FB to become a tester..
niggas all u gotta do is tweet
Apocalypse now. MT : Only the most popular book in the country. RT Fifty Shades of Grey BANNED in Forida libraries.
TO hell with you democrats you'll need to go
Love that song, Nice words as well!
Did we Southern Belles ever have an excuse for not writing thank you notes? Not according to mom.
Played horseshoes for the first time in a while. Ima go pro in it.
TONIGHT - Special Guest DJs Entheogen vs. Jimmy James, Silence, Sketch & Kevin Kirkland along with Lotus Resident DJ XES @ Lotus Nightclub
Aerial drones will be assigned to all teachers, to watch them 24/7.
Have a good weekend, #lincolnpark!
i would love my hair if only it was longer! grrr.
K-TOWN EASTER EVE, RIDE THE SNAKE!
#gm muahs back!
Brian Jonestown Massacre: for people for whom DMB is a little too intellectual.
hi Barbara!!!!
I already have it and we use at my job here as financial advisors! Its awesome!!
Had a great time shooting Amy Rowling today!
Happy Mother's Day to all the deserving mothers (and fathers)!! #1 priority is/are the child(ren)!!!
I'm out for a run but this creeper behind me is like running perfectly on my ass and has been running behind me for the past mile...hm
up early early again ? Have a good one !
yep yep
- unknownDoubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his brother
Final day of #MDFF12. Seeing GAYBY at 5p and of course, the closing night film DARK HORSE with guest Todd Solondz!
Yesterday was really interesting. There's a lot going every minute. We have to stop and take a real look. Pay attention to intricate details
Grateful for my red sea fam in p-town, the time I spent serving Jesus with them, and their support in the planting of freedom in bmore!
Co worker on his way to pick up some coney dogs.
HEY EVERYBODY! COME CHECK US OUT. WE HAVE LOTS OF GREAT DEALS ON FIREARMS AND ACCESSORIES. LOOKING FOR A GREAT GIFT? JUST CLICK ON OUR URL.
hi Michele(:
- Catch up! I want you to watch - Man on The Street with us, it's ep 6. This episode made me start loving this show.
Im not just tempted, I've got 49'rs beating the Eagles upset pick of the week.
Just had my first nose bleed! And i dont like it one bit! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
SOONER THAN YOU THINK
RT Espn reports impresses in his workout! I'm not surprised. #greatesttoeverdoit #Rand Boy
Slammed the tip of my finger in a car door and broke it. Ouch. -_-
thanks for following! Alex... I need English Tweets! ha ha ha ...or ja ja ja en espanol
maybe sometime!!! :)
For a birthday present i would love to have 2 celebritys follow me on my birthday, August 24, or now, that would be nice! :)
& - Writing my review ASAP but I just had to say the movie was AWESOME!!!
Correction: #Denverpolice say 1 person in custody near #Regis, looking for 1 more.
Happy Cinco De Mayo #pdx ! Have another Corona for me.
I guess?! I was warned but I didn't think people could be so rude, and I don't know French so I can't be rude back!
you love jimmy now...
Rack City Bitch ^_^
I've been awake for 20 hours, and that was my facial expression for 19 of them.
LMAO. That sounds plenty exciting. Not my favorite kinda dream but still exciting lol.
we did not auto renew subscriptions this year..if you want to renew you will need to do so yourself
say a prayer for Detroit Lions player Jahvid Best who suffered a concussion last weekend and still feeling a little dizzy. Get better soon!
how do you make a golf ball, a bottle of alcohol, and a cabinet all fit in one picture scene? Fortune Brands, you do not make this easy...
hey, do you have a sample limit? I wonder sometime if im opening too many
life Just sent you a direct message. It's not spam: I promise! ;)
Do you primarily make voice calls to communicate, or do you use other methods?
Some great RP from
Who remembers "Are you afraid of the dark" or "Goosebumps"....
Last person I want to run into after my sweaty 5-mile beach run? My ex whom I haven't seen in 5 years...and his new baby.
Happy New year to the Lady Baller Crew! Keep up the great work in 2011!
Food laughs and sex.thats an ash nite.well lack of sex lol
Oh I get 3 wks. vacation -- this is the first little bit I am using. Most of it will be July/November/December ...weddings!
let's get on this train.
bahahahaha god I miss you
The contrast between these trailers for Disney's "Brave is quite interesting (HT
"Spring I burp/ you I'll spit you out and have your girls slurp you" That's Whitmanesque don't you think?
shut up lmfao
don't do it B
She wanna fuck.. I say church
Wise, wise mouth. RT : Trying for lunch because told me to
I dont like wat this score board is tellin me
Sorry for keeping everyone in suspense. I am obviously OPEN tonight. Let's make it 4 in a row!
RT : RT : Excited About Graduation? - Excited about Graduation? Wish those last projects, papers and finals would...
Off to the Museo de la Psicologia Experimental... Super excited :)
hmm, how did I not know about IML until just now?! Haha. I shall hopefully go and check it out! And definitely see you if I do.
Don't fuck wit him nd cum chill wit me
lol i like that
no. solo tweeter
listening to sayonara!
Yes! at my school, we had a whole prof. devel. day where other teachers taught each other tech tools.
Awesome! Thank you!
my favorite Gallatin major: Robot Astronaut President
who do you got on next game? bruins or caps?
Texas Roadhouse “: Cracker Barrel RT : Where the best place in Macon to get a tattoo?”
Another show tonight with at the Whiskey in Hollywood at 8pm hella yeah!!!
follow back?
Losing to Northwestern is like shitting your pants: it happens, but like not really unless you're wasted.
"I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear" -#MLKjr Happy Martin Luther King Jr. Day from GTWT
aSAP!! Where are you at in NE?
I can't stop playing #SoListen ! I'm literally obsessed with this song. You and T-Pain did great! xo
Sen. Approps kills Back to School Sales Tax Holiday Postponed Indefinitely 9-0. Smart move on bad policy.
Yikes, it won't let me DM you because you're not following me! I'll go to your home page and email you with my address!
Workout also done!
Seriously, HOW DARE someone write children's books advocating respect for animals!
It's always Salty in Pittsburgh
Every time I write a paper I wind up reading a new article about the Amen Break.
You live your life just once So don’t forget about a thing called love Don’t forget, forget about a thing called love
Watching a letter to three wives on !!!!
Great tattoo session just hooked my homie up
Portugal in April! Oporto, Algarve and Lisbon - can't wait!
Mariah Yeater claims she got pregnant from 30secs of sex with It's believeable... 's wife claimed the same thing.
that call is just so thong.
sexy man!!
My wife has forbidden me from bringing home any more soaps or shampoos.
Ty for the mention....:)
Love that my Son's Catholic School gets it ... It's Merry Christmas all around !!!
Told me to put that.
PLEASE #FF my duo ya'll!!!!! help us get more followers! RT RT
The first private media-only preview keys start going out in about 25 minutes!
I'm finna roll another
Ridiculousness right now > lmfao
That salad sucked.
All of this could have been the norm circa. 2007 re. #ODBC & #LinkedData bar misconception that: "folks know it works!" They don't.
Everyone who is not eating this potato salad I just made is missing out.
hi twitter people..!!!!!!!!!!!!!;} thanx for the people for the people that follow me i appreciate it..,,,
That's unfortunate. That site was great. I was thinking. If you were to DIY, how much maintenance would a site like that need?
I'm gonna save up all my money till high school is over. when its over im gonna go hard shopping
is done. Like, done done.
O… The pressure.
Thanks! Let us know what you think.
I'm always up at night. I'm nocturnal. xD
Be present and willing to take re-direction or digits. - Spread the rumors about this season @ www.TheCastingOffice.TV
I wear so many hats my head hurts.
Up now, Johnson: we are lucky to have so many quality candidates but we need a serious conversation
I'm spending the rest of the afternoon looking up Monkees guitar tab. Productivity -25 Dexterity +10
Not bad. One thing I would say is when measuring playoff distance it's a half game not a half point.
are watching? I'm so excited!
Thamks, Sheila. I'm really looking forward to &
heck yeah! “: Does anyone else feel like their day is longer due to this time change????”
I download things from the Internet and it saves it in my download folder. Its hard to read your stuff on kindle using fanfic
wow im am deff new to this if its not obvious
great advice and read!
Congrats! RT : Thanks for all the entries but we have chosen a winner for the giveaway! Congrats to !
Buckminster Fuller defined wealth as the increasing of forward number of days we may enjoy life.
WebCamWindow has changed our HQ for tonight. County Line BBQ. :)
RT : 'Occupy' protests get endorsement from Nazi, and Communist parties: The American Nazi Party has officially endor......
Thanks, Ashley! It was a lot of fun talking with you all at Rutger's. RT You were awesome!
Nat'l museums conf. Specific point was about public radio giving out content & then asking users to help keep it there.
hell yeah terps... gotta love it.
Crap. I just remembered that I have to give a presentation on Cow Clicker next Thursday.
RT Need to figure out a way where I can drink coffee BEFORE I wake up. Then I'd be the best morning person ever--> AMEN!
the grandman have the grandest birthay ever is grandest even a word oh well Have a great time with your family/friends
Joe, we see you have Colorado Springs listed as your location, we like to follow local people. We can unfollow.
I plead the fifth, lol RT : you such a hater....bet you watched them though
I don't give a fuck what you think.
How are my feet so cold!
Umm okay? So it started hailing outta nowhere? Wtf... fuck you El Paso for real
That's right! snowmaggedon/blizzaster/snowcalypse dumped over 12 in of snow this time last year. We're in the 40s today!
Plan a fundrasr on 5/30 related 2 college access & success for underserved youth in SF. Any chance u'd consider emcee?
Slim, trim, oh so light skin I love u baby I hope u like those tweets! There from a nicki minaj song called
The Oscars are over and all over LA millions of actors just got their motivation back.
thanks for the follow!
RT : "If you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful." -Unknown
&rArr; Nice Black Box Car Camera with GPS Prove your Innocence
Congrats to Adam Brock on moving forward in the American Idol contest! We wish Adam much success in Las Vegas!!
Hahah call me when ure sitting in the corn fields!!! xoxoxoo
i hope john cena kicks the shit out off u on sunday
Kendra, we'd love to have you in anytime! We'll save a seat for you. ;)
Yea we ordered the fight
lol I still don't get your crush on pau
What Monsters taught me: radiation makes things explode..
Hey, thanks for following :)
Food trucks at Day of Foster.ly? Yep, we have 'em - &
Welcome to Tara, Cristen, and Paradoxe! Thanks for your support!
hi too u too! Got off right after post (rude of me but unexpected) and had to go out of town. How is your summer going?
I'm an in-btwn person - med brow? mb a place where we can hear ourselves talk & can handle a grp?
#MoMo means "Happy Lucky Life" RT if you live a "Happy Lucky Life"
Ok bedtime. Imma try to sleep this virus away. Have to call in sick again tomorrow cause my stomach... Still not feeling it
RT : Bacon, beer and sex solve all of lifes problems
I feel so disconnected from the world when I don't have wifi. Glad to have it back!
": its my birthday month , yaaaay !" Yaaaaay! !!! ( ; get it popping errrday
*le roll out door*
I'll be celebrating Memorial Day at the parade downtown. Who knows, maybe I'll even sing on one of the floats ;-)
u walking the dog tonight? Me e e...some guy said he has to walk the dogs early in the morning and it pisses him off
its a pain so glad I have brandon he is doin so much I love him :)
Brilliant!!! Amazing finale. This is why!
I think I have to go with love too.
From Naked Lunch: The Rube has a sincere little boy look, burns through him like blue neon.
Tell that to He thinks Revis just endorsed Tebow for President.
You're absolutely right. We need to stop Walmart's poverty biz model!
VERY true -- only I was never "little" hahaha!!! :)
Thanks, darlin'. I will enjoy. Miss that purty face of yours, too (and the curly hair on top of it)!
RT : Wow! has offered to waive all fees for event ticketing. Woot!
Please pray for Lynn as she awaits tests results. She sends praises for God's faithfulness.
2012 film watching! #63. Alice (Svankmajer, 1988). Creepy film, really great puppet work and stop motion. A lot of interesting themes.
oh may 4!
After looking at the rothbury line up I had to get a ticket
Most the commentary on American tv about the Japanese nuke plants, seems totally biased. No worse than a dental XRAY They say, No biggie?
CTA, ADTA, District, and 1/3 of anti parents all deny doctoring "rescissions." But none deny it happened. Then who did it???
Sweet dog!!! :) He looks like he's lovin life (or she).
when are the beavers playing? Have fun watch the ducks!
I'm a fan of ur work and look forward to seeing u in more roles! U are growing into an extremely talented actor! Peace!
great new vid:)
I will be at teh Opal Financial Group Trust and Estate Planning Conference Starting tomorrow...if anyone of my contacts from Linkedin will …
if you ever read this&decide to answer,I ONLY HAVE 1 QUESTION! what does 1-4-3 mean? it means something but im not so sure..
Under the mistletoe :)
I think her meddling mother did it for TV ratings...#TeamLamar&Khloe
That awkward moment went an athlete tries to moped race you. And you win.
i know it was like two days ago he was singing santa claus coming to town and mistletoe in New York. But did u got a chance to c him.
I am pale and have red hair. It will prob look terribly mussed; I'll be coming straight from prison. :-)
RT So Im not understanding your text. You had it but you spent it?
i gotcha people are dumb
Love catching up with old friendss
you are on a roll today!! i love it. keep the positive energy coming!
why? Forget that we will just talk bout dis in the a.m. So we can have aa fye convo to start the day , #nitehuns!
The bus thing plus insanity is fucking wearing me out!
Don't duck fat fries sound good to you too?
Bunny russell brand beats human russell brand
Unfortunately for now Console names must be unique. We are planning on changing that. ^MB
ill say it.... i think the avengers looks stupid
Had a most inspiring conversation with Chris Jarvis -on the phone! Love moving from twitter to 'real life', real connections!
Did u see the Flyers Game
EMAIL ME AT FOR A FREE PROMO CODE FOR OUR APP.
Love your neighbor, but don't tear down your fence. -German proverb
Is there anyone HUNGRY today? We serve breakfast asll day. Fresh hot wings, ribs polish boyy the list goes on and on. If you dont see it ask
den dat means u need to smoke my nigga
Pheasant Branch Trail, Picnic Point, Commuter Path, and the Arboretum are my favorites!
Dear Google, your little darling Google apps is no longer a baby. It can handle the responsibility of Google voice.
no problem!
it would be boring -__- lol
Message Me (:
no problem hon, it happens
Right now is the time to buy any of the cap/rotor sets that we have both online and off. They will be going up in price soon.
Just bought a pair of jeans from the rack for 4 dollars. There is a god..
tell your mom I say happy mothers day.
I didn't notice but I was thinking the same thing about myself today. :)
We may have enjoyed it more than you! You made me laugh a lot. Happy 4th to you as well.
seeing people drunk and fall
is it strange that my screen saver is Super Grover????
Talking with D7 candidate Mat Kostrinski at #ABetterSD. He cares about improving San Diego's economy!
Is that a relative of Harumph?
MIKEY. MIKEY. MIKEY. MIKEY. MIKEY. MIKEY. MIKEY. MIKEY. MIKEY. MIKEY. MIKEY. MIKEY .MIKEY. MIKEY FUSCO MY DEFINITION OF PERFECTION<3
Please hate them. For me.
Wall St. riots are around the corner... and they said that London was ten years away.
is looking for a few good #startup advisors to be the training wheels for #NYC 's dream makers.
I really dont get some people....
Anything from Enjoy Life foods ... love the crunchy sugar cookies and new Plentils chips!
Fingers crossed!
#sca2012 SF Muni Archive planning to put its HistoryPin content on bus shelter photos to garner publicity and draw taggers.
Happy Birthday, Girl! :)
Hopefully 1 of these many chicks I know call me & try to kick it 2nite
By you giving me a drug test, you obviously aware I smoke weed. But if you want proof. I'll piss on it.
Mayday Parade kind of afternoon.
I'm not convinced that's the real jose. The writing isn't the same
PROT... Rumor has it FDA approval... Get in now before we hit $$$'s
It's race week! Weather will be perfect. Have YOU signed up yet?!?
": #ThingsIReallyCantStand you text me , i text back , no text back ? K"
Wow, really? Kickoff starts this late? I always assumed it was much earlier....
SCARED MONEY DONT MAKE NO MONEY
Arrived home late last night and decided not to go to bed so we (almost) watched the sun come up!! I love nights like that..
PUBLIC ENEMY - Flava Flav will be performing at Celebrate Fairfax next month
Boba Fett dances in Kinect Star Wars. We NEED to get this game canceled.
thanks for gettin my hopes up.. dick
Um, there was some totally random cat in our house. Where did it go?
Enjoying My Little Break, But Big Things Are To Come :)
#RIPAngel . You're in a better place now </3 you`ll be missed ):
I will(:
Just found out I'll be graduating high school on my Grandpa's birthday. He wont be there in person, but there in spirit.
thanks for the mention Michael!
Mantra for the Day: "YEAH, SON! I'M DOING WORK, SON! LET'S GET THIS MONEY, SON!!"
#AGT is absolutely brilliant with new judge #HowardStern. #BaBaBooey!
I don't want to work, I just want to bang on a drum all day.
-thank you!
happens to me all the time! Frustrating...
#ROC RT : Another Buzz party is coming to Darien Lake this Summer. has free tickets to it at 5:00 today!
It's been a minute but check my album singles out
You know why the world didn't end on October 21 -- too cold for camping!
“: Cry as hard as you want to, but make sure that when you're finished, you never cry for the same reason again. #IQFT”
Hey Sammi :)!hope U'r havin an Awesome day :)!Oh Sammi :) will U make me your 600th follow :)! Please:)!luv ya:)!take care:)
THANK U FOR TWEET FOLLOW ME ;)
What's up mufucka where my money dont make me come down to yo house where yo mommy at
In my head I imagine Kodak tower looks like the set of Madmen only empty?
it's because he saw me :)
Thx for the #FF! Hope you have a good weekend!
thanks, I am not fond of herbal tea so I only drink enough to make me feel better.
: Oh! His son! Wow. Then why would he need the sharks?!
JAY BIZZLE IS THE HOTTEST HIP HOP ARTIST AROUND. GOGGLE HIM AND ODER HIS MUSIC.
PetLoop.com is trying to help find new homes for homeless animals that would otherwise go directly to a shelter...check them out!
Apparently power is out on the whole #IUPUI campus, good thing we all have laptops and long battery life. No, class is not cancelled.
book 3 was boss. How many times has your jaw dropped? Haha
I saw. I'm down!! Lets just go
Over using YOLO cause YOLO c:
RT : Yeah, I'm pretty damn proud, of where I come from. -Montgomery Gentry
Heading to Alexandria, Va. tomorrow! :)
RT - The Miami #Dolphins will NOT lose this week, I guarantee it!
im good, you?
Tonight is the night! We're bringing the rock to Dan McGuinness (Spottswood) from 9:30-1:30. Come on out... we taste like Snozberries!
it's been treating me pretty good! Keeping me challenged! :) how's life treating you??
Journalists and share thoughts on failure this Sunday, 9pm EST on
Time to try to go to sleep...
Yay! Yes, definitely attending the AHC reception. Need to mingle with some archivists, find out what I'm missing!
Top tips for searching for the right retirement home
mom's day : woow what a perfect day with my family, we took more than 100 pics in just one day :$
....the compliment is appreciated! Thank you. Get ready for a Wild season 2
i put my head against the speaker singing blow my mind dj blow my mind x
Merry Christmas Twitter family. Love y'all
Yay! I look in the mail today.. And I got my own copy of Practical Origami published by via !
Painting my nails thumbs french tip other nails are a solid color! Can't wait to see the outcome!
On my way to miss Breyona school # pop up......
Double update! New music this week and Hierosonic returns to the stage April 9th @ the Chameleon Club in Lancaster, PA.
I needed one like yesterday LOL
Finished putting up my tree and lights and the kids love it!
With Ohare its a little different. If youre carrying a voucher you can go up to the starter, tell them you have a prearranged
Despite all the stress, acting is still my favorite thing to do
Skipping school
#SomeFactsAboutMe never drank, never did drugs, never smoked..plan on keeping it that why
And now Kelly said its the "dart" Of the "miracle dress" not her nipples... Haha can't fool me Kelly
I'm just saying I don't have the figure for a dress like that.
Not HD is it? Does your ISP have bandwidth caps?
Happy Mother's Day to all Mothers, good bad or in different. Today is your day...Be encouraged -KEW
If i get stoned and sing all night long its a family tradition
wow its been a crazy month so much is happening!
Leftover tweet from last night, presumably.
Gearing up for our recycled formalwear sale on April 2nd. Stop by between 10am and 4pm and get a dress for $10.
I really want you to follow me! (:
And if R. Kelly goes to jail, I'LL PISS ON YO' CAT!!!
Martin will always be hilarious.
Its one fucking game. Man you laker haters have me on speed dial i swear!!!!
I always felt that the great high privilege, relief and comfort of friendship was that one had to explain nothing
Another of my favorite 'Dad' quotes:"You can have anything you want, you can't have everything you want, make a choice." Jack Bahler
they went and got him
Shout out to all #Canes going to tonight's season opener against #Rutgers!
Thanks so much!
We need to video it! ;) Imma be in the floor laughing!
drive! Don't take pictures :/
Forget what I said yesterday - I still get so into it when I'm playing this stuff, even when I'm being tested on it.
That's what packer fans say when their team wins a Super Bowl
Would love to! Will talk to the team!
I know I said this b4 but like the great Poet JA- Rule said "Love is Pain"
Roof is closed as Wainwright make his frirst start since 2010 in bout an hour . Greinke has yet to lose at Miller
THAT's is SO Awesome!!! TYouuuu for pointing it out to me!! YOU just made my day!! :))
Went for a bike ride....feel sore, but feels great :)
cooking pierogies. we need to plan that Pasta and Wine GNO. ;-)
Oh, lord. Neighbors sent their child out in the backyard to practice his saxophone. This cannot end well.
Amazon pre-orders of THE FRENZY WAR are scheduled to arrive May 3rd, almost a full month ahead of the book's June 1 publication date!
Keep in mind that it's the journey and not the destination that counts.
Hey Aaron. I love you.
Keeping it positive...no matter what! www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
What just happend :):)
time to do some sit-ups/cruches/planks!
I hope you all are enjoying the "Soft Launch" of The NOLA Guide. Please stay tuned for much, much more to come!
Wishin' it was Friday. :(
what the heck was that one lone sheep?
Thank u for retweeting my tweet. Precious Hayley passed away Tuesday. There was enough donations 4 her trip 2 NY. She
i love u
ah. How I love the 317 artists. That's chill!
If you are afraid of failure you don't deserve to be successful! -Charles Barkley
Ugh!!!! Why do I have to be so ugly!!!! I'm so jealous of Elizabeth and Lise!
false. Rude.
Hate the Heat!
... so are the anti-Obama ladies going to be out all summer with their little Hitler Obamas? This is going to be a long election year...
Note to self: never cry over stupid boys who have no idea what they've done to you & if you must, don't while you're trying to put makeup on
thanks and once again happy bday!!!
Concert time :)!
Where's william?
whatev you didn't pick him, that is just your usual response at the bar. :-)
can anything on MTV be good?
Just a week away from the turkey and veggies, yum! :)
its reasons why i dont let my guard down...its reason nd a story behind every little crack nd mistake i made
you have to try it!
My right leg decided to get tight on me completely whacked out everywhere else, Left Split Check, Center wide open, Right leg
There's only one way to truly dispel any incorrect notions you may have about New Mexico: You have to come visit.
A nigga not tryna get all emotional on twitter. Lol.
should also follow who is a huge advocate & check out Moe's amazing work on site!
Total visits to Google+ grew to 61 million in March, say researchers ://t.co/hoRLQyCB” still not convinced it's best place to spend time
Instead of doing hw, im all looking at hair styles!
At the doctors.. Getting my physical done... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
#ThingsSexyPeopleDo, be fans of
A long shot, but has anyone ever gotten #groovy to weave aspects with the aspectj-maven-compiler? Supposedly it can.
Its 's birthday today....MAKE A BIG DEAL OF IT!
Dear Lincoln Center: I've been thnking about it, and I don't believe that Fashion Week becomes you all that much. Dis-improved, if anything.
Fingers crossed but I think I may have kicked this sinus infection, which is good since #SportingKC game is tomorrow
Alrighty. I love you too, handsome. :)
Peace sells. But who's buyin'?
#tweetyourthesis How were historical analogies used to describe contemporary political activity in the TienAnMen Square uprising in 1989?
Crazy how you could feel safe with ya friends, but be in a bad situation at the sametime.
yo bro im grounded for a month. ill hit you up wit a song when i get ungrounded.
doing ok. You?
yes! Oh thank you baby Jesus.
I hear you Raoul!
can someone tell me please how i can watch TheLyingGame online for free?
You give someone an inch and they take a mile everytime!
is all types of sexy. He's beautiful. Oh, my hormones.
Its funny how a simple tweet can get people so worked up haha
The US won two medals at the World Championships on Saturday.
Come on! Follow
N for them childish ass ppl im not going gay ill die before i do sum nasty shit like bt no more relationships.
Goodnight Twitter. One.
Menstruation, menopause, mental breakdowns…Ever notice how all women’s problems begin with men?
So tired <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Since when is $20 a plate at a restaurant expensive?
You know what was a really good song??? ... "In Those Jeans" by Ginuwine, really good music production.
& make a beautiful couple watching
“: Brunettes love food. #thehairoscope” omg yess.
Ive learned 1 thing being Self employed for 40 years. Pay yourself FIRST.
Fantastic city of neighborhoods #Chicago huh??
I love a guy that can sing to me !:)
When you're out at the club and you see a fly guy do the creep ahh do the creep ahh! When you wanna make friends at the ATM do the creep ahh
Real rough day on my diet - not enough water, protein. Too many carbs.
Mike Ragogna: Kevin Rudolf&#39;s HuffPost Exclusive EPK, Plus Conversations with LP, Miguel, Chuck Mead and the Hard Rock ...
My dad's uncle used to say that all the time with him. The tradition continues :)
Why you jelly belly?
In class chillin wit my twin
Whatsup Alex?!?!? Did you have fun at prom??
I miss trust because people are liars...that being said I'm trying really hard to trust
wish you were on the north had the perfect spot
Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those impacted by last night's tragedy at the Indiana State Fair.
I hate having those dreams of meeting because I wake up sad knowing I didn't. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
mom countered: "well i watch all these packers' butts!" not helping destroy the #patriarchy MOM(2/2)
Bout to be 23 wit a Masters degree
I really enjoyed your article on A Wine Pilgrim's Progress!
Missing my bro already .. See u soon kiddo
Happy Bday to !!! Have a great day!!!
@ my polling place this am... long lines but, delicious bundt cake. In 2 yrs I'm going to operate a gourmet coffee/tea cart. Capitalism!
I coslept for 6 months. still cosleep sometimes when she's fussy :)
guess why I smile. Because its worth it
gosh not fair
Instagram The.DOPE.Side.Of.Iggy
Goal of the Day: The holidays are here. Think carefully about what folks may want-remember it's the thought and not the $ spent that counts.
Memorial Weekend is just around the corner! For promotions & price quotes in Miami on Memorial Weekend, contact us here:...
Just stopped by dogfish head alehouse for an IPA and food.. Highly reccomend you stop in for food and beer..
3: Never remove content, no matter how hard. #sxswi #commcenter Only removed racist comments.
RIGHT? I'm totally hooked!
#gov20 humor ;-) RT : just as an FYI - the status quo remark was a JOKE.
Haha well that was a really good idea! :)
Such a boring night <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
WE WILL SEE
Andy Katz, Stacey Augmon, Reggie Minton. Just shook all their hands in a period of five minutes. Amazing event at
...Instead of trying to create the contact, accept the contact by using the defenders aggressiveness to your advantage.
Missionaries 100 years ago had great mustaches.
Drug-overdose antidote is put in addicts' hands - Albany Times Union
#MyLastWordsWillBe I need to meet !!!!
Ed is an amazing guy, I'm glad this partnership among the leaders may spur the build out of connectivity to the masses.
I am the Black Swan.
Two bachelorette parties this weekend. I am STRESSIN.
Eight days and counting to 2011 Wisconsin State Fair - August 4 - 14. Visit the Foundation Booth next to the Racing Pig Arena and enjoy a …
#FAU and #FIU here watching Dallas Moore and Nura Zanna, among others. Peter Gash and Mark Lieberman here for the Sun Belt Schools.
killed it in tonight's #CNN debates hopefully the majority wakes up from it's ignorance and votes for
inadvertent whistle inexplicable at that point. Whistle didn't blow til he was gone. Ref who "blew" it shld be fired
Between me and love, you're the common denominator <U+2764>
Thanks! Are you going to the Union v. Schalke game by chance? That's why I'm coming.
Hi Susan, thanks for the follow. We hope you will join us for Green Drinks GSO on 9/21 at 5:30 at The Green Bean.
I've got the best seat in the house at #cildc ... b/t & !
What are the Best and Worst Aspects of your job?
Does she collect the lemon tree?
"It is better to give someone my thoughts from the 'bottom of my heart' and NOT 'off the top of my head.'" (Robert Morris, Gateway Church)
Exactly. The Bucs play teams with strong fan bases each year. This year they sell out. Fraud?
Saw this yesterday. Last year people were calling him a bad investor.
Google should join the internet blackout
hell yea!
I hear the barrels are equally great!
right on! keep up the good stuff, we are glad to have you all around
Yup ! ": Staring at your phone to avoid an awkward situation"
Went dancing last nite & burned the floor down! We wore it out!
UFC on FOX 3 Post-Fight Press Conference - MMA Fighting
Your going to love the CD! :)
i passed 4 just not writing because that shit was stupid .. I never tried lol
Only 1 day until the first League of Libations! The first person to mention us in a tweet gets a FREE Large t-shirt!
was probably tweeting. ;-)
Lubbock people! Stay safe in this storm!!
Happy Holidays ... & Ring in a bountiful #2012!!
HI I LOVE YOU! OKAY BYEE x Pie <3 (:
I need to cuddle now!!!!!
Big S/O to for comin to
You may disagree on US politics, but you'll all be of one mind when it comes to other countries
lol what class you in
I was enjoying my day until you started with this crap
<U+2665> You may think you'll "never" get over it, but you also thought it would last "forever." <U+2665>
Just joined Pinterest. Cooks, how do you use it? For finding recipes and/or cooking inspiration? Is it better for mains or desserts? Help!
RT : Good luck on the war on drugs
near water because its peaceful and comforting to me.
Everybody dies famous in a small town, <3 --
Yes Cliffy is awesome!
I see it too. I'll look into it.
BRB WHILE I DOWNLOAD MISTLETOE and upload to my i-pod. YEA BUDDY YEA.
: Sad to missing your class this evening ! Signed up but have rough project deadlines.
Going to see M83 tonight for my first experience at The Union Transfer and I couldn't be anymore stoked.
Interesting paper, where'd you find it?
Measure not the work until the days out and the labour done. ~Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Wait. She didn't tell her own mom that she changed jobs?
Good morning Farmers..come beat the morning gloom & come by to say Hi!
Two ZOLTAN jersey sightings at Livestrong.
Technology and computer sciences are the passion for countless people. Join an online college education program to learn at any age...
I wanted it but i didnt have T-mobile. grog had a bowl cut and chris spilled milk on his phones.
I liked the beading and that was about it.
Morning & welcome to NEW friends ~~>
Work is the last place I wanna be right now
Much needed hump day stress relief from my fav Jewish pal. Much love, Herschel
Girl! I'm SO nervous!! I'll be checking Twitter ALL day!
Got done with homework for tomorrow
Just watched ur new video! Wow!!!! U r a straight beast in the gym! Keep posting, and get on twitter some more :)
When it comes to relationships, i don't have a clue.
im confused too. What did she do?
Jealous, make us proud “: Off to meet ! 1st time I've worn a business suit in years.” bet u look <U+2668>
had a great time, next you guys need to come have a beer in my neighborhood
HFC recently traveled to Mongolia to meet with the administration of the Mongolian University of Science and Technology.
3rd and 10 Brady sacked OMG...what's in store in the last 39 secs
she's special what can I say lol. Tremendo package and bargain. Two in one :P
Just Finished Watching Vinny's Ustream !! Made my Life :D I Love The Castronovo's <3
"Nighttiming" on repeat. Who really needs new music, anyway?
What's your favorite Social Media Management System?
Great editorial in the Star Tribune today about Voting No!!!
DELETE THE PICTURE NOW!!!!
This show is flawless! I love it!!
i know... The good thing is that there are no buses where i live... I live right by the highway
New Jersey Nets 69 Milwaukee Bucks 73 End Of 3rd #nets #bucks #nba (Follow )
Happy Bday to Frank the Tank #boom!
Last night after rehearsal it was so nice to see the #dtla streets packed with so many art lovers for #artwalk. Were any of you there?
Can we get to 500 Followers today? Any RT's in the next few hours are really appreciated!
Flips practice was awesome! Love those babes! Now- time to get dolled up for Eva Grub @ Koshanski's Concertina Bar!!
You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness
maybe it is time we follow each other -
I just heard 's new song. It's totally my theme song!
Bad ass Hammerjacks shirt
Yay! Totally follow me. I tweet really important updates about reality TV. It's fun. And important.
best city in spain!
IknowRight , I wanna play vball competitively too ...
Omg that was Soo funny. Cause I was Onna phone witchu the night that happen <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Good to know, thanks! cc:
GSA Administrator Johnson is talking about the awesome work GSA is doing around sustainability...check it out!
I swear , I could never get tired of Family Guy xD
It's one thing to have theological beliefs that we apply to ourselves. It's another thing to allow our beliefs to destroy relationships.
a ghost is controlling my computer right now.
I hope the draft Mercilus or Nick Perry. Would be OK with either. Who are you thinking ?
August 13 Bout To Be Live Me, Dontrell, Zaquan, Montev'yon And Hostin Aye Back To School Party At Park Spring Address: 24110 Park Gwen Dr.
Wow, wesley used the dogs shampoo! Ha.
feat #WeGoingHard on repeat... I love dancing off this song I wish can shoot my video :) soon
YOUR DREAMS HAVE JUST CAME TRUE LMFAOOOO ..
yeah! mee2 i was just like u, evan when drake sing: Hi, I'm Tune, the man on the moon... =))
This is so wrong. It proves that Jobs was wrong all along. Maybe Apple will save itself by putting Flash on the iPhone.
Final Friday, Reds game, Princess & the Pea, Emery opening, experimental film Cincy's got it going on.
<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>: Pessimist: "Aww my glass is empty" - Optimist: "Aww my glass is half full" - Me: "Yay, room for more vodka!"”
If that woulda made it -_-
Happy Earth Day!
70-year-old chemical mystery solved: How tropolone are synthesized in fungi
for every dark night there's a brighter day
I'll take some of those Tums!
Bro, that was epoch!
mrs johnson....damn
Spring has been a powerful catalyst for my spiritual growth and development
am i invisible?
Thanks, I won't turn my dial aka close my app.
Let us fix our eyes on Jesus, the author and perfecter of our faith, who for the joy set before him endured the cross...
Just thought someone tried to break in!!!
No. We pick the site we visit in advance.
it was a video that a friend made when his grandson was born, super sweet! And yes, the crying was cathartic. :
An organization's ability to learn, and convert that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive edge.
via , RIP Davy Jones. Look what you've done to me, me and my whole world.
I'm back on twitter! you may dramatically gasp now.
First day of Spring! Nice snow flurries to kick off the season!
what u doing:)?
He said he wanna be the best I ever had and I said you can't because I haven't had the best yet!! I'm so mean lol
sweet dreams! Lol
Can't help but stop and watch a bit of Rep. Giffords resignation today... Pulls the heartstrings
"If it's not right, it's trash." BOOM!
Feeling inspired. Time to write a new song? I think yes :)
La Jolla Half Marathon Weather Forecast: 7:30 am cloudy skies (possible fog/mist), 56 degrees, light wind 5 mph.
Happstr is in the Startupbus semi-finals!!!! Great work from all the teams who have busted-butt over the last few days! <3
Cocktails with and 's mom.
thanks for the tip!
ItCanAlwaysBeWorse although doesn't always seem like that when you're in the middle of the mess. Hang in there God loves you!
Woo-hooo 1MILLION y.t. video views! Thanks for mentioning!! :)
you're one strong lady if I've ever known one :) keep your head up all your hard work will pay off!
Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you. <3
Not going to lie, I put on my orange OSU gear when was tied for the lead at Glad to see him grind it out.
can i do anything to make you smile?(: i don't like seeing you sad or upset <|3
RT : It's finally May! #yayy :)
July 11th @ Market: Adam Helwin performs at noon, MKE Riverkeeper, Habitat for Humanity, GRNMKE and Mamasita's tamales join the mix.
Facebook leaves too much room to let the wrong people to know what your doing lmao it's like an open invitation for blackmail lol
can this please end Wednesday?
thank you and a shout out hi too
lol that's what i said
None I really do is personal cause I'm always handling business.
ohh yeah u got urs from wow. I gotta get mine at gamestop tonight at midnight and im prolly not goin to sleep tonight
That was fun. We shouldn't have played last, though.
Get In Touch With Your Family!!!!
Hoping all this fitness pays off tomorrow, playing wing back again!!
I rehearsed for the documentary I'm acting in on Friday and will film this week.
It's finally warming up a little here in SF - at least for now! :-)
the show Firefly. Check it out. Wowzer
Maaaaannnnnnn my bad homie! I swear I be doing a 100 things at one time all over the place! Simi ADHD! LOL! I got u. OMS!
makes me think of dirk
Love that it's on vimeo. I'll definitely watch it this weekend. I mean... I do have an animated history with cruise ships. =P
Intellectual property will define the shift age-
I'm already rich...one day I'll have money too!
I know what you mean! & I so need to get out of this country, it's rubbish, and all the people I wonna meet don't even live
You can't be serious. Did you really think I'd do something like that?
Never settle for what's just in front of you when there's something beautiful waiting for you just around the corner! thanks
i, on the other hand, am mad and not feeling kind to you. we will miss you dearly!
WELCOME TO GOOD BURGER, HOME OF THE GOOD BURGER, CAN I TAKE YOUR ORDER??
Wow, she is aggressive.
Oomf is lazy straight up .
Meet Glen Case from Kristoff Cigars at Signature Cigars DC store on Sat Oct 15th from 1pm to 5pm - box specials & more!
That's for the birds
ZOMG. The Rangers have tied it up with 6 seconds left in the game. We're going to OT.
Thought: rewrite the lyrics of The New Pornographers' "My Shepherd" as a song about Mass Effect titled "My Shepard."
Writer have been borrowing from one another, intentionally and unintentionally (since well before 1923)
I fill like shit I'm sitting on the couch sick but still got to go to school for softball practice I hope I make it
You are welcome! RT Thanks for following
Wisconsin's DLAC recommendations on target share course content Creative Commons via statewide sharing environment
Great call today with
Bartending at the mansion tonight
follow back ?::)
I'm in the Office for Community and Diversity. msexton. Shoot me an email & I'll reply w/contact info and copy a colleague.
Cold and lonley
This morning I got to sleep in - I haven't been able to sleep in any day since February
Welcome everyone!
Does anyone else remember the fake MTV band 2gether? U + Me = Us!
Where am I getting all these foreign followers? ??
Wow, cool Stephen. Never visit me anymore :(
love it!
lunchies soon please!!
Like in the last champion ligue he was absolutely amazing
Rod Blagojevich off to prison and still claiming that he believed his actions were legal. YOLO
Happiness is made, not found. If you want to be happy, you must create it yourself...
For all of the Peyton Manning speculations, no one saw Vick & Asomugha signing w/ the Eagles. Expect the unexpected.
Thx for hosting this am's #YPWeek chat re:nonprofits & volunteering. Hope I helped & ppl got good nuggets!
Don't worry, she'll be okay, I know it, if she's anything like you, she's strong and amazing. Have faith, Stay positive. (:
Yum! Just had the perfect summer treat !
Come get your blazers ladies, it's going to be a cold weekend!
Great day with family at Church. Looking forward to week 1 of the Courageous study at 530 pm at GCC.
Ever since I went to the inaugural year at Miller Park, I have had a fiery hatred for the Brewers.
There seems to be a flash of lightning every 30 seconds
Never hurts to text back lol
Thanks for following us!
Scrambles, Pancakes, Rancheros, Live Parfaits, Mimosas, Bloody Marys & much more At Blossoming Lotus Sunday Brunch www.budurl.com/BLBrunch
Pedi sounds fantastic! I need to schedule myself a spa day soon.
I think they have chemistry.
i cant either! :)
eek! Sorry all! I'm here for the last bit! Will get caught up now...
Your forgot new Devo! And Drake!
Either, I'm sure. RT : Really? I'm always on the lookout for great pulled pork. Wet or dry BBQ?
real talk.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME. HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME. HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO KEITH. HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME! :D
your wish is our command!
make sure all locks on doors r locked..close the blinds peek once..& hope no1 saw.. ;]
I don't want you to die, but if you do I think death by peanut butter cups would be a good way to go.
Co-Sign. RT : Thanks to many fine Chicago establishments for overserving me: Funky Buddah, Public House, Epic, McFaddens.
My pleasure, Brad. Thanks for the wonderful tweets.
It is sad to grow old but nice to ripen. Brigitte Bardot
I wonder if the baby jesus' mother had morning sickness???
you are really nice. I was jking! Love you:)
we hear u are having a gr8 time in the islands. Do they make paninis in the carribean? Hope to meet you when U R back N Seattle
yum. Hoping the spicy gets baby Cohen on his way to this world.
you are soo inspiring!!
Damn.... seems like everybody having a party 2nite
fab! Can't wait to get a copy when I'm in CT next week! Thank u for featuring!
If only she knew lmao funny
how is making the wrong call the 'right thing'? Clearly checked his swing. Ump just wanted to be part of a perfect game.
It really sucks to cry your self to sleep
I need to organize my twitter lists. Or, at least make some.
Good game today griz! Now dinner with the second fam.
Thanks Wolf, you taught me alot about security and IT. Will always keep one eye on you, Ed, Mike and the Munder Capital crew.
is one of my favorite verses :)
It's ALWAYS a PARTY :-) RT : thanks Diane!! Hope you have some fun stuff planned for the weekend :-)
its warm as ffucckkk, time to work off that winter gut!
"shadowy global enterprise"? wonder how many minutes you spent pondering the authenticity of that little discursive regime.
Once you get a CTR of at least about $1.50, switch your ad to CTM great advice!
son...RT : LMAOOO RT : Yo if my dick taste like chocolate, my shit would be gone. I like chocolate, b
I HAVE A DOG FOR YOU....PIX ARE UP ON MY fb ..REQUEST ME AND YOU CAN SEE THEM...
Are you gonna start playing at KT's? (:
A website that automatically plays music or needs to load is as outdated & terrible as slavery
Radiation is officially kicking my a**. Skin is redhot burnt and I am bone tired. Thank goodness only 5 treatments left.
noted. How's your NYE going?
Don't lose your honesty tha world gon love u for that......
He's got game, but Bieber crossing him up last year was pretty priceless.
ugh ugh ugh wtf
that 13.25 is huge in this wind. I did my LR Fri. to avoid it. Congrats !
aw I feel the same way :)
RT : First inch of rain at Reagan National yesterday since Feb. 29 when 1.44" fell, still -3.97" for the year
Telecommunications is today’s business. It can give you a monthly recurrent profit. Come partner with us. Contact:
only missing one ingredient for great...
her kinda-sorta Cherokee Indian has me saying foul. :)
Yeah. I didn't expect that ggl would get FB to let them in on their turf that easily, but I don't think Twitter overlaps that much
New Orleans is waiting for you!
Studies show that CEO's who use SM are more in touch - does the ED of your museum use SM?
no volume on the website while is talking.
Weird stat: Celtics are 5-1 w/o Allen or Rondo, but 3-4 w/ Allen and w/o Rondo.
I #moss you more!!!
A big congratulations to my number one boy,
Whoa, that's not good! so miss the smell of pinon-here in Nanjing it's
#supportlocalmusic Live till 5. Blocks of a few local bands. Tune in
Love getting this late at night, after the club :P from my love --> RT Ur gonnnaaa get it cabrona! ;)
I'd Vote for her based entirely on her amazing hair. Just saying....
Hey you should tell all your friends to like us and The Last Troubadour!!!!
Thanks so much for the RT!!
In line to listen to the Dalai Lama address our group of businessmen, educators, students, and entrepeneurs.
in ESPN's own words, it's carrying the national discussion. That's why they don't talk about the NHL
Yes!! This is excellent. I'm desperate to get my hands on one of these older editions (we don't have them in the office).
Nothing can explain this feeling. But I love it.!!
My gf's grandma's house with their dogs.
Hey! Great to hear from you! How are you! What's new?
ManU got 2 in stoppage time to win '99 Champions League, but they only needed 1 for extra time. City needed both!
Should WI fans be concerned about the coaching changes and lack of commits so far?
There are two types of baguettes: the "Ficelle" and the "Baguette Rustique". Firehook's baguette is the "Rustique".
You just got served! ;0
More important...horse or jockey?
Lerse and I checking out Jon Lovitz at Pitt Improv
Offshore getting paid 24hrs smh can't get no better then dis
: get into it! Excited 4 the summer!
Four months to go!!
this is beautiful
Oh goodness.....
Barely eating lunch at school, then stuffing your face with food when you get home
Happy Valentine's Day to you all. It's a day of sharing the love whether it be a romantic partner, a family member, & definitely loving YOU!
Phone interview is over. Still shaking out the nerves, but I think I did a pretty good job.
Nice to see CSI still alive.
Gym Flow
holy shit this thunder is fierce.
pix or it didn't happen. ;-)
That ride is amazing wish i could have seen yall this week
Anything good on tv tonight?
= best follow yet! two words #ThankYou or 4 words
My sons morning tantrum was abt t little plastic thing that holds mens shirts folded inside t bag, J found 1 n it broke = I need 2 get more
at the gym. GTL.
Why are you happy?(:
I been investing
i might be a couple minutes late to the ustream): DONT START THE PARTY WITHOUT ME.
motive? too cynical to think prescription filling and impulse purchases while waiting to see the doc?
CHECK OUT TWEETS TO PROOVE IT!x LOOK AT THE PICS THEY SHOW THE TRUTH!!x
are you still messing w/ your laces? If so, stop! :) How old are your shoes? Have you been running a lot on hills?
Hey come get on dis train wit willow Brittany
Looking forward to being there w on Tues. RT : Students! Let us help you get ready for the
Cousin hung up, OWELL !
I received good words. from Seagraves (Former Gboro Warriors Coach) I miss those days. Those games were crazy!
add the post game and him hitting mid range jumpers with his now apparent tear drop runner hahahahahahah LBJ=SWAG
blow up today on twitter... Thank you Kim Kardashian
Need Mothers day gifts?! Hit up MY mom to get yours some gorgeous handmade custom jewelry! It's buy one get one half hit up
As I said
The truth can hurt, but not as much as the lie that you've been telling yourself for so long.
you look gorgeous
It's a wrap with no Shump...
Like omfg you guise:D i can't wait until i hear Justin's song with drake<3 afvadhkfc;like about fucking time my 2 babys make a song together
Happy 40th Birthday Jill!!! =D
RT : appreciate the follow ...my pleasure!
Why won't twitter load u fag
I'm never around because I enjoy my own company #JustBeingHonest - XavierLT.com
I know I've been trying to eat healthier and all, but I just inhaled some carrot sticks with ranch dip and then bite-size brownies.
Cindy Selfe suggests that social media (Facebook?) may be just such an open deliberative space--there is no terminus like "publish the book"
Ready for #vampirediaries Love it!
Goes to show you there's no such thing as "home ice advantage." CAPS!
Oh the Irony of watching red carpet arrivals online with Fox banner in background because Fox is showing football still instead.
I'll have some please.
Guys, I'm at a book store for the first time in forever. I may never leave.
It is free unless u connect to multiple desktops RT #mlamobiletech pocket cloud must ck out
hey your team played good last night. That was a great game. The way a championship should be.
Just passed a Church Sign that said, "Where will you be sitting, smoking or non-smoking?" Epic lol
he followed me already!
another day another dollar ambition isn't just a word over here it's a way of LIFE!
Sorry peoplethis actually isnt Steve but something new
Peyton Manning's statement on ESPN made me tear up and want to give him a hug. It'd be a lot easier if he went to the 'Phins.
The joy of weeding: If it says "cyberspace" on the cover, it has to go.
i love music
I thought you could use a little inspiration :)
wish I was still going to formal with tonight but since I'm "unwanted" at rucker, have fun everyone.
Tyler Perry's House of Payne
when my lung coordinator calls.. thinking transplant time..
Our Scary Asses Lol RT": “: I cried when I saw the first paranormal activity”lmao me too"
time? or is this opening party?
This is becoming comical. You can tell the ref is new.
#casting A great event for the entertainment industry & Talent
We're excited: 1st Annual Scholarship Brunch to be hosted by Inspirational Radio AM 1390 host Blakey on 4/28. More info 2 come!
My Song is Better Than Yours: George Killian, Jr, Bruce Springsteen "Radio Nowhere" vs. Erica Corsano, Radiohead "Fake Plastic Trees."
no kidding.
A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.
At the dog park on a beautiful afternoon and there's nobody here. WTFuckery?!
how much did you get pictures?
We have two new foster dogs - Newton and Ginger. Check them out on our web page under the Foster Dogs tab!
Here's one for you left-brainers: Which number contains all vowels, repeats no letters and has no 'y' in it? ...
Hey Duders and Duderettes! As we all prepare for our appointments on this fine Thursday, remember that the early bird always gets the worm!
Turning on the data hose after a few weeks off twitter....supply me with content internet "people"
thanks for the follow, looking forward to your tweets
This show is OC
Aw damn.. Tami shouldve beat that ass, but iGuess she had to be tha bigger woman!
yeah. I'm pretty sure I forgot how to play today. New it wasn't good when I hit a 100 yd lob wedge and spun it back 36 feet
You're welcome! Glad you like it! :)
thanks for the play. You rock! It was great to hear!
got you bro
I can't let this beautiful day totally pass by without getting some fresh air. I'm going for a walk.
can u do it for me?
hahah! That's like me with spanish!
talk with of about an interactive map.
things are getting better. Personally I have more work today than in the last two years.
I use to hang with John Torturo at starbucks on 7th n 1st in Dark Slope Brooklyn. Hes there all the time!
Why does Anthony Davis wear a mouth piece? What is he protecting??
Then again this isn't so bad either
Damn they wasnt lien when they said life is short
yes :( unfortunate, i start this junior year this Wednesday! pretty unusual
Thanks for coming in ! RT for lunch with family. Delicious as always!!
writing synopses is easily one of my least favorite things.
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
Jealous that is in Aspen working the #xgames ..... I WANT A COOL JOB!
I'm good and getting ready to go to work, how about u?
Oh sweetie...RT hobble on popcorn foot
Why am I at work right now? It's gorgeous out. I need to be laying on a beach somewhere...
Brewers give up 13 and Manny Parra didn't give up any of them? Shake it off, tomorrow is a new day.
Only holding me back Oprah I have a show I need Oprah Golden touch to be on your network it helps so many talents
Ramsey vs Conan!
Once You Show A MF That You DON'T Need Them Watch How They All Of A Sudden Be On Yo Ass ."
Up at the eye doctor. I think a mani-pedi should follow.
Life is a choice but death is a decision
Go Tigers! Such a fan thanks to :)
don't forget the BBQ
Excellent!!! Thanks TweetHeart :)
gotta love instructional billboards
haha your a funny guy
Come up lakers what's this shit you can't win on the road!
just saw an advanced screening at the Arclight Hollywood.. loved it... super goo movie!!!
I don't know how to run my new washing machine, I'll wait for to get home to show me.
:/// that suckss i was out celebrating Last night
Oh snap!
I can't imagine the mad scramble that must be launch day. Thanks for all the hard work!
Distractions....you can determine whether or not they distract YOU!
they were all my ideas your just acting too fast lmao
that's whats up preach.
Turning 18 was the BEST thing to ever happen to Justin. Jerry, shirtless photoshoots, all around hotness.
and on FB people are saying that UNESCO supported the creation of this game...
thanks for following...appreciate it!
CHECK!! LOL! --> ": Any girl you can make pornos with... Go head and keep her"
RT : excited for this morning's live reports from preps with ! Hope you join us starting at 7 AM!
so ready to start getting paychecks again
#Marketing is making friends for your company
I figured. Blew him up once. We should figure out a code word. Great chat, though.
WANNA READ BUT JUST NOT ABOUT BOMBS
Thanks for the RT!
So close to home... wish I was back in ny but looking forward to my bed. (@ Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport (DTW) w/ 24 others)
Had not heard about this... I can see wanting ONE "published" copy of the book as a keepsake, but multiple copies? To sell??
Yes. 1346 Belmont (@ Southport). email me whenever you would like to swing by.
yes! My nails feel pretty ;)
WE ARE WHO WE WILL BE... This world tries to say who we are but God has filled our hearts with what we were born to be Continued next tweet
I followed her. (;
Rt if u will always support Selena Maria Gomez
she look like someone u want to have her arm around ya? ctfu
I am a bomb technician. If you see me running, try to keep up.
Alrighty, i will!
Happy Thanksgiving! Cheers.
Hi Noah, please follow back!! :)
marry people
Somethings wrong w/google. It won't sms me the weather. What can you do about that? Can you do something about that?
Thanks for LIKING us, Rashawn Smith and Kewana Duett! How'd you hear about us?
RT Teacher: "Back in the days, we didn't have internet.” Me: "Well that's just too bad for you."
Rumor has it that is going to kick me down some Apple stock as a late birthday present! hahaha
Let me know what you think of it. Going to HG next weekend once I'm officially on spring break :)
Lemon, don't try to be cute, you're too old for that.
Dear Twitter, Why would I ever be interested in following ?? Thanks, but no thanks!
Hey Lebron, you should take your talents to Hollywood. Your acting career would probably flourish better there
lol love that show..the American version too. How have you been? Feeling okay?
re: Finally thinking about getting a computer.>> Wait a while longer, in the near future thoughts will be much faster.
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst! His work is absolutely superb!
What if this time I don't say hi first? Or text you back? What if this time you're the one left feeling completely unsure this time?
Gonna cook up some kinako mochi... :)
TY. Perusing your sites now!
YES. I need to up my 6 followers...still learning. Gimme a week or 2
Fellow sociologists/anthropologists: Has anyone done an ethnography in the SF Unified School District? Pls share any references.
Ok tour of social media. But I would like to talk much more about application.
such handsome boys^0^ x
wanna know the secret, guess its how you time the shit.
yeah I kind of do that with Point-and-shoot cameras, I want to touch the screen to go to the next image. Damn, Apple! :)
A guy who was caught masterbating in the sauna 4 years ago just came back to the gym I work at. Let's see what happens!!
Thanks so much!
You two are funny! I'm having fun with this too, it's so fun to discuss a current read w someone also reading it
I've been at #Expotential 10 min and I'm already a mess! Powerful stories being shared!!!
Take me next time you go. Please.
just read a great quote: "good moms have sticky floors, dirty ovens & happy kids." true that! well, my oven is clean cause i do take out.
You don't have to believe in Santa to give. Stop, look, and listen give a little to those in need-because you believe in kindness.
hit that one on the nail!
Full of epsom salts from WORKING OUT too much... RT You know, dudes can take baths too. There ain't nuthin wrong with that...
Contd... #cildc #f105 I'm assuming you don't want them checking in on foursquare?
"we could hang around this town forever making plans but there won't ever be a better time to take this chance..."
A 2011 Scientific Research study by ETScience LLC proves my Dip-N-Rip-Sticks Tackling Technique lowers helmet first impact by 43%.
I really don't like store bought taco shells.
you're welcome :)
I know you like coffee come and experience #latte upon opening follow me to find out when and where. We can discuss your heels??
You should take more time to do the upper / lower case.
You're a dribble pro (literally) but you already knew that. Keep up the #jawdropping work!
hm,, not seen mine and laurens obsession yet:/ hope to see it soon<3.
when you're ready to by that house let me know so I can hook you up with an agent who knows there stuff! Much success!
have a great trip!
I can do pdf. I can import it into iBooks. Doesn't have the cool page turning look, but it's certainly readable. :)
3rd wrong way crash in a week! 3 cars involved in this one on LSD at Roosevelt. Road back open now, but 3 people in the hospital.
and agree that content is more important to your website's success than being "pretty".
Thanks! I appreciate it.
Waiting for #spartacus to start
that's ok man ! There's plenty of girls who would kill to be with you right now! Wish I was that lucky
holy crap, lady! thats a lot of Amazonin'!
i agree
I have so much I could say to you, but I'd rather you not know.
OMG! John Told me to follow you
In my case, the union is the only thing that allows me to put my students' needs before my boss's comprehension set.
Wish mine was cancelled!
+10000 RT : Twitter is not a broadcast medium. Engage.
*frowns* i sorry.... *smiles* here! *holds up another oreo* For Superman Ty!
really dig your work... Great stuff... Let me know if your ever down in FL and well set something up...
I hope is not back for the third season of I don't think I can deal with her cattiness again.
so i think its time we watch Leprechaun In the Hood LOL
should librarians teach young adults cultural sensitivity?
Using Zotero to create bibliography. Many typos in metadata. Assume this is an entry issue or oversight, yes?Crowdsourced proofreading?
omg! you're working! better stop now or you're going to have ID sugarplum dreams tonight :)
We're glad we could help you celebrate. Could you also tell we still have his red hat here.
Sir riding the CTA give me the leather jacket youre wearing I've been looking for it everywhere
So so so much. x.x;; But it's all good. I got to see the twins and male vocalist from Cruxshadows and the Ghost Hunter guys.
I just finished a 3.13 mi run with a pace of 10'53"/mi and a time of 34:06 with Nike+ GPS.
Excited about using new Neutral Density filter!
you mean white don't win the Klan jumps in...
Last scene night tomorrow. Man I'm going to miss everyone.
Thanks. Just curious, I'm in the middle of book 1. Wanted to read it all before I watched. Do you like the HBO series?
watching man vs wild. At Va Beach
Your welcome brotha!! Let me know about rusty and ash
Would really love your help on a #pinterest question. Can you follow and I'll DM?
Congratulations new graduates!!!
"I feel like a rebel"- why? Cause were jumping the fence to get into the play ground??-me "yeah..." haha #ohwell :)
Hi Alicia! Hope you have a great weekend :) You wrote some great stuff this week.
Ride the Beat Tour Official afterparty co-hosted by & Tonite
I would have to agree with that one.
I am so excited for my up coming events - my freelance makeup business is taking off :) #blessed good things to come
George Clooney spotted filming in downtown Cincinnati!
John Travolta may soon learn that not every story has a happy ending.
that's good to know!
I think SSDs are a real advantage over MBP. MBAs due btwn april and june they're saying..
Congratulations to for having his music seent to VH1!
After ol' boy got arrested...how many people still participated in that #StopKony event yesterday ? lol
We are to close of a family..
Halfway Through The Week! Make a Decision By Friday On How Much To Increase Your 401K Contributions and Plan a More Robust Retirement Today!
fighting the good fight man. Hopefully. Don't want to realize I'm a stormtrooper. Looks like you are doing well man.
if you are playing Skyrim as a melee YOU ARE DOING IT WRONG. STOP. Equip a bow IMMEDIATELY. And never take it off. EVER.
"if you want to help the poor, one of the worst things you can do is be one of them"
From the place that I was to the man I've become, I'll be there to see the tower you fall from.
Happy Mothers Day <3 love you momma.
Now, dealers, do not blame me if the women get after you. [1944]
I should take care of these errands but THE RESULTS ARE IN.
If all my shifts were patio I'd never complain
Defenitely gonna be chillin with this weekend.
i don't have the attention span for studying.
So excited the fabulous is going to be one of my bridesmaids!!! #teamworkiscool #bridefabulous :)
Sometimes you wake up at one PM and you're out of bread and you just don't know what you're doing with your life
Late night studying....finals will soon be over. Then summer and room to BREATHE. Everyone loves that feeling, am I right :) ??
invitation sent!
Drinking our dark roast at the moment... "L'amerloque" -- our American "almost" French Roast!
my Mom's FAVORITE
Life has meaning merely if one barters it day by day for anything other than itself.
Follow me!
hahahaha! I mean, it's not funny. But pretty funny story... And I would LOVE to star trip with you guys again!
Thanks for the follow keep up the good work
": Hi IamWARGHOST, thanks for following me here on Twitter :o)" no problem.. your channel is cool..
My youngest is not feeling well today.
PLEASE REPLY. I think im following a poser! Do you have a personal twitter account?! Love your singing! <3
I've been icing my belly button for about an hour.. I'm going to get it pierced now.
Oh no! Come back to us.
thanks and go bucks! (in a week)
we heard it's great! RT Anyone been to African Elephant Crossing? Excited to go on a sunny day + see it.
I have the rare and humble pleasure to be receiving a copy of Galaxy Express 999 today. Long live Toei!
computer party with vanessa holla
They'll need to get there by the end of the sixth inning at least.
Friday can't come soon enough!!!
another thing, when or if i get a bf, i need a guy who is like me, goofy,funny,laid back,down to earth, and of course cares for me and DGAF
work.work.work.&morework. love it.
Start your weekend of right , New Format, New DJ's, Great #drinkspecials, #BottomlessCup 2nite, open 9pm to 3am, Fantastic tunes
LOVE blurb books and would love to win one but I dont have an iphone. RT Want to win your own 60-page, hardcover Instagram book?
Physical environment is big factor that influences how we interact with each other
was looking for a word that has escaped, so I googled "what's it called when you" & Google autocompleted, "...eat yourself." hm...ok.
I think I'm the funniest person I know.
"Shake a Fist" by Hot Chip, you live in the same country as them now
Honeymoon Hike on Kauai, Hawaii: Ke&#39;e Beach
Are you going to replay your favorite #superbowl spots tomorrow morning? Always fun to hear esp. with commentary. :-)
JEFF-KING OF FANTASY! Camp? Naaa RT Was not aware of that. Got a feeling he might be seeing more snaps.
Really? Microsoft's product is the only one without an XP compatible native client. How does that even make sense.
The tie b/t #killinggame & #Beertowndpdc ? The meteorite of course! Karine & the staff of the Beertown Observatory would be proud.
Thanks for sharing our infographic, The Psychology of Color!
goodnight love u
Exciting plans & news coming for our Dance is the Answer project, "Entwine!"
it's a chocolate biscuit! Not just A biscuit!;)
Hope everybody is having a nice weekend!
Has anyone seen the new Sherlock Holmes movie?
"Find the seed at the bottom of your heart and bring forth a flower." - Shigenori Kameoka
Music is the cure
on...now it's time to get ready!
Yeah, those are a good ones. And I know the series editors for both of those, so I could probably have 'em chat w/my class. TY DA
"Now Back up, put the gun down, and give me a pack of Tropical Fruit Bubblicious. And some skittles" Mike and Marcus- Bad Boys
it's good other then school:( that can suck at times
SPITTING on someone is the BIGGEST form of DISRESPECT.
: If there's anything I can do to help pub the Wisco Ad tracking project on our site beyond linking let me know?
Lulz, I love you hunter!! You too, Benjy :)
Bing are doing an amazing job setting up the Rocketspace party. #SXSW12 starts at 4pm
A bit tired today but so much to do. Maybe lunch will help!
Boycott shampoo! Demand the REAL poo!
Sales tax in Hawaii is about 4%. Guess who just bought a MacBook Air?
that's awesome I wish I had a dude for that !!!
Our team just got back from Canada and is now heading to Mexico on another adventure.
Titanic 3D with Mr. ! Does it still sink ?
Don't 4get the coffee! -> RT : Lets do this!! #15minoffiya!
Adversity introduces a man to himself
Hey What is your email address?
Thanks for following! Love your jewelry, and your mission.
"go puck yourself" TREND THIS NOW..... RETWEET
Nine days in and feeling fine!
I am looking for the songs for my dance classes....
Is "Stank Pussy" the new "Bad Daddy"??
I have a meeting with an Agency on Wednesday. Wish me lots of luck!
So true. I'm a little old school on this. Jeans to me says - lets get this over because I am ready for the weekend.
I never do this, but #FF to my fav advisee ever, -- can't wait to catch up this weekend!
sorry man, I like for my friends to be paid.
There is a Full-time Clinical Instructor position available at the Universities at Shady Grove - UMBC Social Work Program (Rockville, MD). …
#goodideasforcities "We should probably be friends. It appears we are both awesome."
My hamstrings and buttocks muscles are so sore. I over did it again at the gym last night.
Thanks, we gotta keep thinking... Second only to breathing...
um no.
lol right. I'm just giving you a hard time.
Woo hoo! First job of the new year booked for United Airlines. Multi-cam with multiple DPs.
Isn't that what "Life is Beautiful" tried to be?
Please pray for the 3200 people in Bernalillo county without natural gas -and all of those without warm, safe housing.
#Obama2012 RT : "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama
Yes, pass the word on and you should follow us!
I think I'ma go to school during 6th period so I could play softball <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><U+26BE> Then cg after school <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0081>
I feel like a girl when i say mraa right ?!.
Heard good things about the HTC Thunderbolt.
ugh , still taking these twists out
The one you love and the one who loves you are never ever the same person....
No movie that comes out this summer will be better than The Avengers..that will be my comparison movie for years to come, it was Dark Knight
i'm sorry i didnt get an email from you!
thanks for all the great tips on the LinkedIn and Twitter webinar. Glad you're in Columbus as well.
Instagram is so addicting
GM! I'm getting ready for sunday's sermon, I love church (:!!! My weeks even be better. Have a good day tweeps
Plus, network to cable access? Tom's contract talent!“: me the sidekick to Gray TV? I'll pass. I want my own show.”
i remember when i couldn't stop listening to Can't Have You and Turn Right i just simply love them so much
Of course! I mean, one of the most awesome guys ever + music + pizza? Sounds like a pretty sick night ;D
thank you! :)
OK, I've shared my favorite styles with the world. Let me know what you think!
hurry le up
": I DON'T HAVE TO BE SKINNY TO BE BEAUTIFUL ..."
we need a #realityshow --
“: Need advice from What do you do when you miss a workout? Make it up the next day?”yah
shut up Dick, go talk about the f-ing tankees.
In a crafty mood
yup, simplest option out there I could find.
#OneThingIDontLike is when fat people won't get off their butts to bring me food....
Doubt he would come here though. This state is the shittiest state ever. I hate living over here. WHY CANT I LIVE IN CALI.
I cant wear maxi skirts because theyre too short on me
So you are a fan of the Kool-Aid Man?
Holy shit Romanian boys are the sexiest boys
I like eating soup. It tricks me into thinking I'm in a ski lodge and winter isn't over yet.
awesome... Where'd you go and how was it?
Ready for a glass of wine...
BABES CABARET SUNDAY MARCH 14TH FIRST R&B-HIP HOP NIGHT THERE EVER !! THROWN BY YOURS TRULY .. MY BOY SWAG IS SHOOTING VIDEO
can. not. wait. we will need a major team debriefing...
Bought a wristband at Hot Topic today. Wearing it under my wristbands. My arm feels the love.
when do you guise go back to skool
Hi Denise! :D
I tip my hat to all the mothers that work at flower stores on mother's day. This one goes out to you.
one day, when I grow up, I hope to have a majestic beard like you.
Hey! I love that smell. Helps me fall asleep! RT : hi chica!! Lavender oil!
..the end. You have to be happy about that =) I'm sure you didn't appreciate Cena bleeding but Lesnar was bleeding too lol.
yes ma'am we do! I miss you! Just let me know when and where :)))
Have found yet another way to tweet...from my droid. I'm a little slow.
Get Austin Mahone Verified comee one!!
My bad for giving a fuck..
More painful: stubbing one's toe or Joe Buck's game "coverage"
Having fun in Dallas, but have a sick puppy at home. Very upsetting to know that our vet has been giving him inadequate care.
its means they are getting traded for Andrew bailey
What's your fave album?
RT : Thank you for donating a 42" flat screen to Officer Vrtochnik & Dan for the $500 check
Not generally a fan of 3D movies but can't wait to see Herzog's 3D documentary of the 30,000-year-old cave artwork at Chauvet.
Tropical nose? As in sunburnt?
you do care! :
STFU NIGGA I WENT TO SLEEP..
What a beautiful day!
Uh huh. MT : POLITICO sponsored debate "One debate of many" didn't influence choice of Sept. 7 joint address, Carney said
How is it exactly these people threaten you?
lol well I you not doin nothing after you graduate you will breeze through the masters program here
New look for Christmas lights fund - Exmouth Journal New look for Christmas lights fund Exmouth Journal The Exmouth Christmas Lights grou
Kristin shot JR...... I think
in other news, my bracket is totally blown up! at least my final four is still intact...
What do I do when I see someone EXTREMELY GORGEOUS? I stare, I smile & when I get tired, I put the mirror down! ;)
gdhshddbdndnfngbsahjaidfj my life what is it lol
Major client on the cover of today. What can our social media do for you?
u okay?
I hope my leg heals before graduation.
Yes! The women in our lives are so important!
#collegetaughtme how to have sex to get a new couch...
Rained out again. The kids are having a very slow start to the soccer season.
My teams name is Kickin it for Cancer because I support cancer research with Relay for Life
I wish I could speak whale
Bitch You Need To Text Me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
There is a special place in hell for people who recline their seat all the way back in coach #it'shardbeingtall
Jessica Chastain, wow
I still don't get how someone walks into a propeller and it is someone else' fault
Love you too! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Who's coming out to see us perform Jan. 26th at the Velvet Lounge in DC?
so much to do... but not now
It's a popped blister, so I don't want a stranger playing w/ it. I will make you go for runs and rides ALL THE TIME!!
props to u dude, I agree with Paul Sr, you bring it every week. ( I didn't think you'd make it one week!)
Thomas Robinson eating Perry Jones' lunch
“Life is a trip, so sometimes, we gon’ stumble, You gotta go through pain in order to become you”
Wow -- great stuff showing up on our "free" table -- Julia is making sure it's looking good.
We're having a morning news discussion on which songs you listen to when you need a "pick me up".. goes with "I will survive"
See That wasn't for you. I said if I wasn't talking to you already that day don't text or call
What strategies do you use to keep all those minor characters straight? Notecards? Spreadsheets?
really hope the surprise i have planned for my gf on valentines day is able to be put in place!
Reading thru voting stats... the Amendment 1 division cut across party lines, racial lines, economic lines.
is the man, no doubt..
I am with you! Scary days forsure! Just gotta rock the gingerness :)
- I found to be inspirational. Loved the skill, knowledge and confidence he's instilling in the young people of Detroit.
I know! I'll be home in April!
Birthday s/o to do it big. Sorry i couldn't make it out, take a shot or two for me
OK, Monday...let's do this! Have a great week everyone!
Still a great season, Hawks! Thank you for being so fun to watch! Rock Chalk Jayhawk!
I hate when Priuses try and race me on the freeway.
Any company whom have recently sold products or services to anyone claiming to be me on the internet, notify me as soon as possible
the first one... It has vanilla ice in it lmao
Daylight savings starts tonight remember to spring forward.
no one would look prettier in that other than you your killin that top
Ugh , dude hurt my arm !
just w.e. I think it's just a meeting
Indians & A's head into the bottom of the second still scoreless. Up for the Tribe: C.Santana, S.Duncan and L.Chisenhall
well said.
Rules of the game are as follows :don't dish it out if you can't take it. Don't laugh then get mad when it turn back on you!!
Hey can you guys come to haverhill, ma??? maybe around february 26... which is my birthday... haha
Glancing through weekend Latino news. Funny to notice how the most popular articles are about how #CincoDeMayo isn'tt so popular In Mexico.
was simply hoping for a retweet to spread the word.
I am so late, but thank you for the RT on April 5th!
good news about black ops having zombies??? i hope so!!!!
lol do u know ur words are chinese ?
With every opportunity you'll face opposition.
Foot reflexology is an ancient natural therapy that utilizes energy zones on the feet, and can provide relief for various illnesses as well…
McGuiness graduation!!! It was awesome. And yeah I really just don't care anymore. I have it second. #prayforme <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Our second team (the fast one) is now doing the safety check in Lake Mills WI.
3am latest I've been up all month
UV cake = delicious, maybe a little too good
How about a no obligation, free vacation to Hawai'i? Sweepstakes of a Lifetime! Enter here before Sept 1: www.majkltravel.net
yo man when do you come to Dubai? We might be here at the same time.
I want a British accent.l
follow back
Today feels like September! Absolutely gorgeous. Believe me, the pumpkins are coming. I saw them this past weekend at Brook Lawn Farm Market
Do you have a product that is a must have for moms? We want to hear about it! www.palmbeachparenting.com - Click Submissions!
Not related, but this is one of the best designed PowerPoint presentation I've seen in a while
my guess is that if we're going 2 rejuvinate pub schls we need 2 come from foundation of whats best 4 kids
Changing lives all day tomorrow. Ill be throwing inspiration around like pixie dust!
this is about the point in the game where I start screaming at my TV.
Can't wait to get u drunk at juicy babe. Am I get a table ready for u !
Saw SO many book campaigns on the Tube in London last week...wonder how those are working out for those publishers!
Not sure what to do for graduation? Celebrate your accomplishments at Mo's... A Place for Steaks! Sunday May 20th
I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, I just want to play the game, drink Pepsi, wear Reebok. -Shaquille O'Neal
Shark Tank is amazing
Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them. # Shakespeare
Excited to see Brandi Carlile & tonight!
Miami South Florida are you ready for education, check me out for hands on 4hrs class at the Dynamics Expo 2012 Tree Braids and more...
you can do it!!
Such a fun, relaxing time. Let's!
Look, liberals. Mitt Romney was so unhappy that woman accused Obama of treason that he forced her car to take the stairs.
This must be some sort of bad karma coming back to haunt me.
Be strong and do not let negative people ruin your day!
Possibly bigger than most Chicago athletes. I rank him second behind D Rose and ahead of Jay Cutler lol.
Wait- flying pirate ship blimps? This was not in the three musketeers I remember...
thx I look forward to the lesson. Too bad u don't have a t stat to program.
I work for the Milwaukee Admirals too and I definitely also think that you should do the human hockey puck.
because the spirit lifts you up
#TaxReform Drop Corp. rates to 25%. Eliminate all business deductions except payroll incentives and Cap Ex for co with revs over $500MM
can someone give me a cheesy pick up line
Therefore encourage one another and edify one another, just as you are doing. 1 Thessalonians 5:11
no, i loved Tji, i really thought cee lo was going to choose him :-(
you ratchet
Entrepreneurial Lesson #2: Learn to accept the idea that all ideas don't deserve to succeed--even one of yours.
Mr. Sandman, I would appreciate some normal dreams tonight instead of all the weird stuff you brought me last night!
I don't get why people follow me but don't check out my tunes...
So there's this guy <U+E106>
Feels good to get a basketball workout in after going 10 days without one
I'm going there in an hour or so...
If i were on jeopardy, and the subject was The MN Vikings, I would buzz in every time with "What is nobody gives a damn" hoping i was right!
its good that he told u about it but unless ur gonna go i wouldnt trust those two guys to be around him without u there
Id much rather be somewhere with you.
Good morning twitter!(:
It was a fun day.....media-wise.
+1 8) RT Totally! RT : Would love to see a crossover event between #sosea and
Take five
Am I #400? RT : 1 shy of 400 followers. What does this mean? Nothing.
Same here! let's keep in touch! :)
I think this is going to be a battle of the bullpens.
This time of the year.Gotta love it!
Today was the worst day ever
what you said
I am following you . I will make you laugh. send you audio.
Happy mothers day to all the mamas <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090>
BTW - buy presales for & early and save $$$! Highly advisable.
i remember when & TX would play KU.man you were so good, at least 30 pts both times. had to battle back hard, KU on top :) ha
chilln bored as hell
The msg I saw when i got out practice.. <<:/
WHOS GONNA DO THE PARTY BINGO!!!
god morning tweeters! what better time than to do "that thing" that you keep putting off? today's the perfect day, so go for it! : )
Says : governments should work closely with #infosec community to fight #cybercrime watch event
that had to be an awesome day in your life.
LOL @ how much I ate tonight and how I decided to lower my guilt - by walking home from a realllllyyy far place lol
"That was before... Twitter!" Ha.
Won the #Bills game on the recovered squib kick. The season would be OVER without him. Shoulda never been cut. SMH.
Hahaha I'm loving this... screw the Bulls
people write stories of like falling in love with the boys! :)
we are pretty sure that if our awesome graphics work does not fix all, then #bacon fills the gap. If not, then we tried. :)
. dccodeathon is Apr 9-11 I So need PARSERS! We are even doing a wee hackathon in austin this weekend to get ready!
Rainy Sunday...basketball time! LOVE this game :)
What I've learned in three days in a row of library work? Bags of books are HEAVY.
Yes! I listened to the audiobook in one day. Now I'm going through withdrawal.
another reason parents shouldn't follow their children on twitter.
we out?!
Austin u don't play temple run Omg!
If you could speed up one element of event staffing, what would it be? Payment? Getting booked? The event itself? Job alerts?
Contrary to presentation, Florida & Caribbean Chapter has not adopted Wordpress. Still using custom CMS.
So happy for the guys GO BREWERS!
morning babe
The smallest things in life make you happiest. :3
don't worry I still love you (:
Im great!! How r u?? Whats this #SendCards thing all about?
You ain't TRILL till ----> follows you! they follow me...yeah... its a big deal.
Me: "what ethnicity is you roommate?" Her: "German? But I only say that because her Mom lives in Germantown." And say hello to Bunny!
I am excited about this!!
i can try
What is the best brand of peanut butter?
Also from Eleanor Roosevelt: "The future belongs to those who believe in the power of their dreams".
Thank you for RT!
Suck a dick bitch
he's saving himself for Logan
This is the stuff dreams are made of.
Why did I spend $500 shopping yesterday??? and Macy's
Kurt Weill's Street Scene Opera opens tonight. Sold out for today but get yours for the 25th, 27th, 29th, or May 1st! $26 for adults.
Doing hair outside on the porch.....
RT7 things I like about Miley Cyrus: Her smile, her songs, her eyes, her voice, her style, her legs..but most of all: her HEART.MileyDay2011
Return of the HIT SQUAD show feb 24th NYC best buy theater!!!!
humbled. Thnx u for the follow back
You << a rock
Everything I expected KU-UNC to be. Tied 47-47 at halftime.
lmao, i would love him if he shut his mouth
Interesting tweets btw has me wondering: are ~all~ politicians' tweets "work," even "personal" ones? I think so.
where did yall here this from?
I don't get drunk, I get awesome right
Cantor can't get anything done because of his attitude. If this persist he will hurt both himself & the GOP politically!!!
you better add Austin Jackson to my list of injured players lol!!
yesterday was so badass!! on stage looking out at nothing but a sea of people was hardcore kickass. When we doing it again? ;)
When Eazy-E was playing on the radio, I knew exactly how my day would go, California sunshine.
#CorporateGreed brought to you by Walmart. 24 million dollars for Bribes no raise for me . Thanks Walmart! follow rt
Nope. It would be right of you. Sometimes I forget I'm on the internet and try to mark up corrections on the screen with my pen.
Will watch #NCAA Kentucky-Kansas at Grevey's in Falls Chutch on Monday night.
depressed because i keep dreaming i'll actually meet in person but that will never happen :(
why u explanation pointing me? Lol
interesting. I'm going to watch highlights of him when I go home. It's just crazy that we have all these eligible big men.
aw. Thanks!
Patiently waiting for my ultimate package…hope it gets here by tomorrow!
I'm not saying I'm the best but I promise with the right tools ill be one of the greatest! Let's get it! God bless
Juice is Loose RT : Ole Miss's SID sounds dead on like Juice. I'm experiencing unwanted and unwelcome memories.
on my way to the airport really early+then thats what makes you beautiful comes on+I had to jam out in a car full of sleepers
Veterans Job Fair tmrw 9-1pm @ West Orange Armory on Pleasant Valley Way. Some attending: Prudential, NJ Transit, Target, Home Depot, etc.
nun who u writing a note 2 r u cheating on ur husband i will get a DIVORCE
Yoda said: "Do not assume anything, clear your mind must be...... bitch!"
Fun A Day : make art every day in January - Tucson Citizen "Fun A Day": make art every day in January Tucson Citizen by Carolyn Classen o
you are welcome doll! : )
When you are truly confident and secure, the opinions of others cannot control or destroy you!
haven't won a single game of kings corner ALL weekend. Even went to the bar to get the wife drunk and try again. She ordered a diet coke...
Skipping my run bc I'm tired...and I want to watch the Challenge
i cant even add uggh they gone say i reached my limit
“: You know I love your band. ;)” Obvi. Who doesn't?
Trader Joe's Halloween JoJo's are da bomb.
Is that at Laurelhurst?
Who is One Direction...?
Yay for you:))
Should I be worried that my gym smells like old beef bouillon?
my crush just called me and sang private dancer over the phone while it played on his pandora. might sound lame, but hilarious.
thighs like what what what
Thanks for RT!
you may be on to a winner there!
- lol! Watch for the word "QI"
“: Your dream will visit the valley from time to time that's where visionaries get their greatest revelation.”
RT "What then, is t/ true Gospel of consistency? Change. Who is the really consistent man? The man who changes" Mark Twain
im soo damn bored doesnt know how to text ppl backk :P
The Rangers offense is so inept. No one in front of the goal ever.
Where is the list of RESOURCES to help people? That was just a list of LAWS, (visualize a revolving door)
I love her .... But please take someone like you off the radio. I can't take it anymore.
Ughh I woke up too early now I have to wait an hour to go school.. YAYY!!! no.
People fall in love with what they hear which clouds their judgement on what they see. Actions speak louder than words.
Human life is purely a matter of deciding what's important to you.
Drop7 is 10 cents on Android Market right now. Buy it unless you hate wonderful things.
At JFK waiting for my connecting flight to Minnesota then back to Cheeseland!
HathiTrust goals: comprehensive collection, shared strategies, public good.
I'm with you!
L yeah
I think I will. Where is the networking event?
Great news - RT Tomorrow we hit 12 hours of daylight Anchorage.
I have not seen Part Two yet. Felt like I hated the first, but now it's growing on me. Love your show.
#Moonshine.. Not a good idea
After a while it gets old. . To give someone your everything & get nothing in return. . * goodnite
Great to meet you
It's a paper about a paper about other papers on the concept of politeness in social psychology. Who paid them to write this?
I just finished a 2.32 mi run with a pace of 10'31"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
dammnn hell no couldn't even do that.
I'm no help on this one -- I used my mom.
I'm looking for a navel ring and/or swimsuit vendor/sales rep.
Lennon's Working Class Hero followed by Jackson Five's ABC... I in love with 500 greatest song list!! (dancing & spinning)
Sr. Java developer
Am I ignorant to think that I can eat fish everyday without worrying about the ramifications of mercury... Thoughts?
Hey Braden Holtby - welcome to NY
Amazing how much better my morning is when I start with just 20min. of yoga :-)
I think your so dramatic & fake!
RT : Woohoo - Central Piedmont CC gets a shout out. We've invested in amazing #Millennial innovations there via
HAPPY FRIDAY!!!!!!
#2011icf #PeterBarr "As coaches, start with identity first: potential, passion and purpose"
Hold on the platform 5 mins, go 100 yards, stop for 15 mins and counting w/ no explanation. Another great #wmata morning!
Some Say The Mob Started Vegas | Land Air Sea Patrol
When the Lord is on your side you have nothing to worry about real talk
Said I had the sexiest love face.
refuse to get my wife a competing truck and take my Mom and family to the #SFGiants opening game after delicious sliders!
RT : RT : Blood Clinic at Steveston Community Centre this weekend. Beautiful weekend to come out and donate!!!
No, it isn't. But the point is that attack ads should put other side on defense, not on offense. Bad strategy by Obama.
#Winning! The sweet is never as sweet without the sour. #Vindication!!
i thought i would never be heartbroken again O___o
friends don't let friends use metric kerning
Who's hanging with the cool kids at the card wrapping party TONIGHT at Dava Beads?
Nonprofits MUST do politics. Will be taken more seriously. It is hard ball and need to play hard by rules. Amer Cancer created 501c4
If you haven't, then watch the South Park episode from two weeks ago.
We need "Conspicuous Creativity" and an "Artists Spring" the way we've witnessed an Arab Spring. #CTSummit (Live now in our lab!)
Got to love the
I wanna go swimming! It feels so good outside <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
yeah... But anyway. I got it for June 1st at 11. Time to practice my parallel parking :)
are vasectomies covered on health care bill?
lol who u trying to impress lol those lil boys at school got nothing on u lol
I need to work with Cyhi and Stalley ASAP. They're right in my lane.
sure thing!(:
I was all teary until Sue said "If you don't have a change of clothes I have a tent you can wear."
didn't do any of my homework. &&
Who's the real whore here? The supposed Harvard MBA or the idiot from Wasilla ?
I actually know where that is!
That email is fine! Thanks -
Knocked out 2 videos today
Horrible way to start the day : Getting woken up by your credit card company calling you about how to avoid more late fees
Tip O'Neill always said, Ask for their vote. So I guess that's the best reason I've heard all night to cheer.
Yeah, that'd work better probably.
CRAZY long day but I'm getting the motorcycles out now. Text me if you want to go with.
god mod :)
good fantasy landing spot in IND, early sleeper “: With 5th round pick, #170, the get Mississippi State RB Vick Ballard.”
Top Mobile Apps For Your Next Road Trip - car radios
Life demands one no doubt. Always something bitter-sweet going on
This years color Tangerine Tango.. Orange for Energetic Mood, Creamy orange is ideal for kitchen, a home office, or a sun porch. adds warmth
When you sing happy birthday, think of me!!!
Fun!! I'm sure you'll have a great time in #Vegas!!
my dog nonstop snoring makes it so hard to fall asleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Check ur email folks RT : If you went to #ala11 you have free access to the Virtual Conference - I just received my email....
miss you too mamas !
Nice sunset! To be fair, though, we do get more actual sun.
:( my son lashes out too. Hasn't hit me in long time did throw pillows at me last week. We try to self regulate, is hard!
Now I feel like I'm at Woodstock. Hendrix on the speakers, loads of people, and the slight perfume of cannabis in the air
anything available there now?
Three Year Goals - Plan and forecast annual workforce needs and execute targeted action plans.
RT : The bottom line- every employer wants ONE thing from you... VALUE.
I really found the architecture info fascinating. Thanks for sharing, and for creating it in the first place.
Gotta hand it to my fellow Deering Alum Ryan Flaherty, making his first start in LF ever. Great catch!
Oh wow,sorry to hear that...well..@ least ur alive? ;)
Drug Dealin' Just To Get By...
Chris Newman Undead acoustic @ Cosmos Lounge in Sellwood (across from the little movie theatre). FREE and Fabulous!
Maybe the swap involves a vehicle, maybe it does not
no she sang #UndoIt which is still awesome
Excited to welcome you guys to Portland! Even more excited to see my first game in person since graduating in 2004!!
what the FUCK is CJ Watson thinking there
What ever happend to you in the past can only make you better at life if you let it :)
Blocking you on facebook was deffiantly the best choice I ever made
You can't lose what you never had, you can't keep what's not yours, and you can't hold on to something that doesn't want to stay.
I love knowing someone gets what they deserve
I just saw an ad-tweet for Safeway. I guess Hardees, Eckerds, and other OKC zombie businesses will be next.
i'm so cute generally speaking?? i missed something, but appreciate the compliment! :)
Instead of giving Frazier a challenge flag, they should have just given him a towel so he could throw it in!
sounds like you deserve it! Have fun.
Staying Austin This Thanksgiving
So sorry to hear you're not finding everything. We'll keep trying harder! Thanks for shopping at AmazonFresh.
Bonus day!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>love my job and company!
Sunny days <3
Pretty stoked for the utility fog in 2039
Why does everyone drive like jerks (could have used other words there) on Fri afternoon? Is that few extra min worth it?
Beebe won't stop calling, and he insists on calling me "Dr. Bro-ren," which I find juvenile.
RT Mitt Romney: 'I don't know what I said, but whatever it was I said I stand by whatever I said' #2012Campaign Thats Stupit
Sometimes I want to give it all up and become a beautiful billionaire.
EathQuake Felt in Amherst Mass. Too!
When im gone just look up, cuz the top of the world is where ill be found
Check out www.watchnhllive.com tonight all the links will be on the site to watch live hockey games online just register and gain access !!!
We will be donating a percentage of our entire March sales to the Japanese Tsunami/Earthquake victims. Come in and help us support them!
nice to meet you Aimee! Great minds think alike.
yeah you and your best friend ya know he likes the two for one deal better LMFAO!!!!
I'm sorry /: its just, I thought you died :o
That was an 8 years well spent. Thank you for always keeping us entertained :)
The word feedback is the shortest english word that uses the letters a b c d e and f
Man! I want Toby and Spencer back together!
yes, i mean moca. sure, ted talks sound cool. are they in long beach?
I like to understand all the possible options
yah-yuh, 1 more day of w0rk to get thru..& then its the weekend!!! (gonna have a good Mothers day)!
I'm not even sure I get it but they sent me an invite so I'll kick the tires.
Springstead&#39;s Harris has title hopes
I'm going to create a new block print to submit.
I watch it! It was so funny! Haha
but i only live once!!
they can suck his giant green oh wait he sucked his own Giant green cause no one cared! Marvel Rules! Said like O'Doyle rules.
Thanks for putting us on the list! It's an honor
Save it, Sevza! You're probably rooting for Syracuse right now you peppermint-patty-sneakin' scoundrel!
Waiting 14 minutes for the red line during rush hour. That's...sensible.
Two games at 5 and 730 tonight. Come out before your Friday night festivities and have a brew and watch our last home series!
omg dese twins on bad girls club annoyin as fuk i wud beat both they ass at the same time dumb hoes man...
Yes we could, you still will be in the front of the line so during the show you'll be right behind the VIP people. :) and if....
on 5-14-12 i will also send you the youtube link for his music video "it's on me"
I wanna hear him sing, I know u can dance.
Also wishing Europe, Asia, Africa and Australia were closer, although grateful for over-the-north-pole flights to Europe. :-) Awesome.
Rockin the Placido Domingo today. Great to talk with last night, chillin with at ...the aqua... tonight.
Its like a damn circle thngs become great then terrible then do dumb shit then back 2 square 1 smh
By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may get to be a boss and work twelve hours a day. ~ Robert Frost
Showing bar graph of the panelist followers/tweets...the more you tweet the more followers you have
im good. How are yo? Whats new
I really hate It makes absolutely no sense. The least they could do was TRY and relate it to the team. Lazy bastards.
In the past 2 weeks I think I drank 7 Monsters, lmfaoooo
Who do you think you are? Running 'round leaving scarss, collecting your jar of hearts... <3
Oh, lovely, I can't stop crying now.
so close to 2,000 fans!! Help us get over the hump
Yes, if we can do it later. I have a meeting in SM at 6:00. Or we could do Thursday. And YES to photoshoot!
hey Justine can you follow me
"You dont have to choose between commercial and impact"
Thanks! W.B. was greatly appreciated. As a recent college grad and young professional, it helped put it all in perspective.
hey its ryan tony said ur name is megan rt
Pics or it didn't happen
Peter Bourjos is exactly what the #Nationals need right now. Big jump in fantasy value also if he is traded to the Nats.
And saved by Matty! Jennah can come too, it'll be a three way date! Oh wait. That doesn't sound right...
- Good Morning Love (:
So tired, just got back a bit ago from Winchester VA, but had a great time playing at ! Thanks for having me:)
RATED NEXT GENERATION<3 #BestCrew follow me??(:
Yeah I will show up at your party and throw on a random jacket I'm from #AnnArbor biiiiiiiatch
Love how people use facebook invite responses to brag. "sry cnt make it tnight. Headed to NYC for blahblahblah." Um, thanks for sharing.
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.- Anonymous
I TOOK THAT DAMN NAP SO YEA A BROTHA IS UP.
: wanna see vampire diares that last episode was hot - I wonder when it's coming back !!
95-93 LA up with 17.1 seconds left in the game. Jam Ball.
Student success is everyone's job - not just #deved faculty. High rates of failure even among "college ready" students
I need to cover more events!
Rodney Stuckey autograph!!! Two of them on two hats!!
Hey! Add me on skype :) Rodzvieira
we google answers to trivia questions and kids get that and school is useless to them so they don't care.
At the risk of once again throwing out a question & getting no replies. What are your favorite time management or people management books?
Big and toasty
Three things I want in a relationship: Eyes that wont cry, lips than won't lie, & love that wont die.
i dont like making people cry but u will see later that what u said before was a mistake
does it matter? Smoak, now that he's getting on track.
Good Morning! What a beautiful day to go to Fredericksburg and Kerrville! Fall is just around the corner and it's going to be great! :)
God couldn't be everywhere so he made mothers
I have been Californiaized: immediate reaction to deep thunder is "was that an earthquake?"
we just came up with 2 new challenges for RhymeCal 9..."Scenario" & "Wordbank" The wheel of skillz just clubbed versatile over the head
Told a coworker about someone else "He doesn't have his focus." What I meant to say was he didn't have his FORD focus.
Today has been a pretty productive day. Lets roll
because im soo damn lonly all the time
Just met and introduced Michael Chabon at speaker series. Great talk. He also has great eyeglass frames. I notice these things.
where did time go? kids out for Halloween without Mum & Dad :( Ah well...what a nice night to have crab cakes & vino at Gibsons.
well if you want to be patted down by a lady, go for it katie haha
Congrats to cast/crew for a super successful run of #ATRAIN!
Fountain's Pen reached 9,000 hits today! Thanks, loyal readers!
No coincidence that Amazon sales rank is down the day my book is available for Kindle. Someone is telling me to let go ;)
yea I know. I always thought a lineman would squeeze it too hard and it bust into pieces on TV
Tel Aviv baby
He that waits upon fortune, is never sure of a dinner.
Loved it today on 'First Take'; clever, clean, nicely-tailored play on the Brooks Brothers madras jackets. Joys of spring!
Dear Obama and Boehner. Be quiet. You already waste our money, do not waste our time as well. Thank you.
You say I'm the one that got away, I keep thinking ' Thank God!'
do wut u gotta do
Friday came really fast. Just like my boyfriend.
Sleepless nights<<
Like I said, I'm not watching, I'm just a curious on-looker from your TL
Schwertsik sounding good (Toronto) new program for Koblenz (May) and another for Cordoba (July) Don't mean thing if it ain;t got that swing
sometimes people need to grow up
night britt ! ;D
I did the 'let it snow' thing on Google; Maybe I'm dense, but what is the big excitement?
Agreed! : Saxophone notes floating up ramps of the museum - this is gonna be a great weekend.
Bierbrauers ! RT : another sweep for the Beer Makers and the 'Stache of
.+~~+- THE CRUNKEST PARTY ON A SATURDAY NIGHT SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Thanks Nicole! Congrats on your interview with Linklater!
Any ppl going to be up in Boston this wknd? We'd love to invite you to our performance of Handel's Jephtha. DM us for tickets.
I love the way u promote the team everyday all day thanks for the
Stand Up Comedy is the best medicine... with... George Carlin Patton Oswalt Zach Galifianakis Paul Mooney
#PDX's Ad Fed review of #SuperBowl commercials was great food for thought. 's #Chrysler spot is our vote for #1. Epic message.
Woody was great in Game Change
Passed my emissions test. How should I celebrate?
: She and her BFF have a huge Post-It flip chart on the bedroom wall and are making plans for the "Lemonade Pals" stand.
Loud music in the summer time >>>
Thinking abt Blue Note this time... Thoughts?
Ashley I am so psyched! I just grabbed a coupon to my fave store for 90 effin percent off.
It's amazing how some people act like savages on Black Friday just to be able to get the sale items they want from the store. Con't.
Brooke Elliott deserves an Emmy
hey bethenny do you think you could post some kid friendly recipes for pre-teens and teens?
Follow . BomB Music !!!
wow lol well u would b madd obssessed if u had a pic wit a cheeta shirt as ur icon wit the backround or if u just had a pic
Give someone a smile today, you will make their day:)
There's no shame in failing, there's only shame in using Windows.
we can't be friends ._.
Daisy who?
Trina Turk is having a sample sale this weekent at their West 3rd Street.
Hello all! Wishing all of the mothers a HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
Best weekend ever!!!! Pics will be up soon!
#RichardBranson Poised Creation in Houston would like to pay homage!!
Holy SHIT! Omg I was bawling and now I'm baffled.
Catching a screening of #Sironia featuring #TonyHale - he plays the band teacher in !
You can easily put individual blog posts into as one way to document learning in an
Happy valentines thinkin of making a video about valentines
Yes Wendy hope you dance your tail off tonight because I am voting for you so you better do better than last week
we love Vegas! Follow us on facebook and keep up to date with our conventions. Sometimes we make it that way :)
It kinda freaks me out whenever someone loudly mentions Jesus in public.
Beets By Dre! Yeeeeeaaa : "I love when my man pee be red".. lol,, i hit the floor!
lol yeah that does it some times let me guess it's at geek squad getting fixed
Lol at that message, guess its the thought that counts
yes it's almost my birthday who
to see my parents
Game. Set. Match. Four. More. Years.
'I'm tanned.' 'So? what do you expect ? you're in Asia not somewhere in England. ' 'it's summer for the whole year , bitch .'
In wrestling and especially in MMA if you do not have the skills you don't make it and fade into the abyss no matter how "hot" you are
You helped us use discover the #1k1hr hashtag. Great tag and excellent idea!
Do u love me do u wanna be my friend and if u do well then dont be afraid to take me by the hand if u want to
The Flawless Fashions clothing store in the Squirrel Hill/Greenfield area. Exact address on the flyer.
Congratulations, that is great news and we can't wait to see you!
Ah, WORLD CUP.
so sorry to hear that. Maybe you should rest first! :]
So, tomorrow will be a day of fasting and praying after all of this adventure.
I just wanna finish this year off strong.
I hate those that do not cash my checks in a timely manner
I Literally LOVE I Highlt Recommend You To Follow Them! Even Get There Tweets Sent To Your Phone! :-)
I feel like I tweet about it all the time but is that good. Obsessed.
hahaha to see them! They're touring next year
OMG! OMG! OMG! OMG! I cant believe Austin is coming back to NY<3
Nothing changes if nothing changes !
One more out we got this
If at first you don't succeed, come on over to my house
no problems Nicholas. :)
Don't give up on what's working...
: Per league source, with Mo Claiborne in the fold the Cowboys are shopping Mike Jenkins. >>watch out...
Cheers to that!
& a cupcake top with no icing. LOL waab
Sitting here fucking bored
Listening to my 9 yr olds glorious voice...
the second 1 mattered. That's why the #hoohoohoosiers are at home wawawatching.
You got it!
i wanna thank all my chicas for helping me be where i am today i love having you guys in my life<3 your support is amazing <3
Final score: Middleton 11, Madison East 4 in Big Eight Conference baseball.
I just saw a 7 seat bicycle from dutch bikes next to staples and mercantile!! I gotta get a ride on that!
., , , - we hope you ladies are enjoying Moscow Mules right now!
perfect is not when two people are together, it’s when you’re both opposite but in that way you complete each other.
Someone just got kicked off my #Metra train at #IndianHill. Never had a train put in reverse before.
Halo Getting a Live Action Webseries
1st Amendment only prevents the government from restricting ur speech, not private persons, companies etc.
lol. Nope not lying, it was tough for a while now its better
- Thanks I plan to be there! #ladytweeps!
I hate pretenders when did yawl become fighters lol wow
not a thing
don't like the final game sd at home - one of the best matchups of the year has a decent chance to be meaningless
Settling for less should NEVER be an option.
Tweeting about people because they don't have a twitter >
affirmation: a powerful gift, pass it along. . .
# Long Island I think I have a great sense of humor. McCain...not funny. If he actually made a "joke" I would have laughed
Tomorrow Even i'll be @ Danelectros Guitar Bar for Open Mic Blues Jam @ 8pm
I doubt it!! Me, and all the #CrazyCougars can get pretty out of hand!!
love love love
Ghazali has some very interesting views, different from Aristotle
"In cheerleading we throw people in the air, and fat people don't go as high."
Well, this was just a sad week in football for Louisiana #WHODAT =(. Time to cheer for the Broncos and the Giants!
Someday you'll learn it doesn't last forever.. & that's the way it's gonna be always..
probably, but if it makes you feel better, I am the only librarian who doesn't visit other libraries while on vacation.
Going no where far , we've reached the climax.
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe … :') I'm living my freshman year!! :') and it's going really nice!!
Now, go find you zenter, but don't drink your urine.
doing well! Are you doing anything to celebrate today?
truer words may have never been spoken! - at least not often!
cool..... your just full of surprises :)
hello my friend.. my post just now is no stranger to you
spotted: ed giving a presentation in the tech area of the biblio-tech
Hey #pdx!! It is time for happy hour! Come sit out outside with us and enjoy a cold beer & 4 dollar burger w/fries!!
Indeed! No toughness or DESIRE. Elimination game and Knicks dont show up
"The note was sent to me/ castles made of sand/ fall in the sea eventually "
lol shut up
thank u for the follow back.
RT : "I don't care much for apologies." #housemd Admissions comes before apologies, which makes a huge difference in accepting...
now or later, don't matter
so when can I jam in my car to some before you exit? (CD soon?)
Up and moving this Monday morning! Ready for what today brings!! Time to make that money money money!!!
omg!)': im soo sorry mason im here for you<3
Did we impress you?!?!
NWS has issued a Flash Flood Warning for Lowndes & Montgomery Counties until 10:30 AM
It is 10am March 12 and I am still waiting in the queue for Kraftwerk...
Your icon is cute<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Happy Holidays from our family to yours!
everything is expensive here...we're the most corrupt state in the nation, it's sickening.
miss u sissy ... I heard u got another little munchkin on the way
we just like to sit at home..and rip on the president
I love you but I'm glad you were outnumbered tonight. It was Deandre's time to go!
Never give up on your dreams even when challenges seem impossible to do, always have faith in what you believe in.
well it could be, but I wasn't talking about that..."hook ups" are in ever field of endeavor..
Deleteing all the music that is not having the influence on me that i want it too. gettin all these non lyrical rappers out my catalog
I will never be the same, love has called my name. Your love is UNDEFEATED! Thank you Jesus!!!!
Q: When was Ariana Grande born?<U+2661>
Woke up in the morning. 10 o clock drinkin
Also, didn't they just cut $3-4 Billion in high speed rail spending? :(
at least you didn't pay for it haha
Dear world, fun fact: speed limit on Gary is 45. Why everyone always does 40 south of Meijer is beyond me as well as unacceptable. Stop it.
Or, "How many ounces are in a cup?".
Hey Store Owners ~ Would you like to offer UNDAWAREness Panties to your customers? Contact us about become an Authorized Dealer. Thanks!
It is a man's own mind, not his enemy or foe, that lures him to evil ways. - Buddha
You're so welcome.Hv a great wknd. RT : Hi Linda, glad you liked the quote. Thanks for the RT!
Yikes! Has she looked in the mirror recently? Not jealous of that! ~T
My Dad makes the best veggie burgers!
God bless you too my friend. (:
Lmao......They need to take Lineology....
Going to "El Sitio" tonight.
Haha! Myspace Was that place when it first jumped off. Remember Top Friends? haha
The worlds on heroin! That song sums up this entire day...
This class bores me -__-
well I heard DJ Baby Yu #V103 is spinning Saturday @ #Reignnightclub it's gonna be a sick night !!!!
I tell the truth and shame the devil. Hahaha.. But one of these days ima unleash the dragon on you if we dance, JUST WATCH!
hey feed me your food?
High, drunk, and I don't even know . Ah, fuck me .
It doesn't matter how old I get. When it comes to boys, I still have to remind myself not to jump too far ahead. Eggs n Baskets n all that.
But if you are on the beach this weekend, the chances are pretty good that you'll be getting married. so....
Well, thank goodness has been tweeting our event; dead cell phone batter has prevented me so far. Commencing RTs
Three things that annoy me: sorry I'm not sorry, sucks to suck, and YOLO
Hi. How's it going? Any cool projects?
My prayers goes out to Whitney's family.
RT Followin back : Now following The lovely
I'm high ass fuck & drunk wassup
I know for a legit concert. Jsbsbs
. Help us return Virginia's Senate to a Republican majority. We can do it with your vote this
The Wells Fargo wagon is a-coming at New York City's small businesses - Crain's New York Business
What do you want to learn when it comes to computers?
I lost my dad 5 years ago 2day after my game on Sr night. Let's not forget 2 express our feelings 2 the ppl we love. I love/miss you Pop.
It takes a REAL MAN to understand that his woman is also a priority when the relationship is serious. She is not "Just anyone" anymore
hahahaha new favorite saying. So true though.
LMAO brother. Just got back from Vegas so hit me up this wknd when you can talk
New #Google+ Study Reveals Minimal Social Activity, Weak User Engagement:...
that was bullshit
Oh I'm doing alright. Just kicked off the start of my first album. I just thought to hit you up. U got any #beats4sell ?
I am home now...whats up?
You Make Me Smile ! (:
6 days, 6 cities, 4 countries. Starting to suspect we are being filmed for Bourne Identity 4.
Thx for the shout out! “: highly recommend the new Pacific UV, and the new Don Chambers”
Pick up sticks marimba is my favorite band in Boulder
Spoke 2 source & #Ravens found out about #Suggs injury on Monday. After drafting Upshaw. Did not happen playing hoops, btw.
I rarely cry...why should I start now?.
I am, not as active as I used to be, but yes. Too busy playing with all of these new sites I am always posting.
school ruins everything! -_-
whats good bro.
Just letting people know, I gave up twitter for Lent, so I will be gone for a while. See ya. Bye:) I love you.<3
One of the most important things you can do now is remind your friends/family to vote on Tuesday. Calling or face to face most effective.
I really thought that once you graduate one has better things to do then read the BSA list and reply
Okay people, no #revenge spoilers, I have to go to the gym tonight so I'm going to miss it. Seriously. That means esp
If work keeps interrupting my Spotify, how am I ever going to get through Gram Parsons' Complete Reprise Sessions?
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B8>
but he has yET to call me...
I'm going to be live tweeting the epic failing of my finals.
Congrats to REGANNE SHEELY on booking CRIMINAL MINDS - her first ever TV audition...
Happy Earth Day!
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. Mahatma Gandhi
When we fight <<<<
“: Sukie Need To Be Cooking For Me! I Recommend It.” I better get a turkey and cheese or something lmaooo
Thanks lady! xo
Closet Shelving Units » Coupons
Thank God my link started working again!!!!
why can't we all just get along!!!! Sabbath!!!!
Either that, or I've officially retired.
Today I have officially been living in New York an entire year. What a crazy, capricious, and significant ride it has been :)
I'm gonna use my belt to tie me to a pipe in the middle of an old barn.
Barrett campaign says jobs announcement isn’t about calculating job growth, "its about Walker pulling political stunts to save his job"
#cara student Michael M. secured a position at University of Chicago Medicine as a Patient Transport Specialist! 76 of 310!!!
done x
YES! RT : then YOTTO it is big fella. 2 years is just the beginning. DOTO. Decade of taking over??
lucky! Ah i'm jelous loll
I told you it was an unattractive chicken!
M.O.E...And Thats Real Shit!!!
hey Alyssa! Love to come to the party...we live less than a mile from downtown indy, but don't have the fundage
Boring. How many days until Spring Training?
Can't wait!
I'd rather see Joe Dante's Mother's Day, with Dick MIller
And guess what to bitch doin?
I'm home from college and I'm still just eating ramen.
. I haven't seen so many angry tweeters in a long, long time.
See? Twitterstalking genius. Last night was "fun": thanks for letting me crash the party, have a good time 2nite!
Tie-clad consultant in AM, snowpants-sledding superdad in PM, with first rate coffee and cocoa as bookends. A pretty darn good day.
richpublicans always want public $; fix firestations! No new library, or city hall!!" Public safety! Impeach
yes and she is crazy over Ace.,
Ran into the legendary actor/ blues musician singer Jim Byrnes in the hotel tonight in Vancouver. Worked w/ him in 1994. Love Vancouver!
The Lithuanian team is coming back. More good weed. :)
did you ask if they baroque it?
Love makes You do the things You never thought You would do.
hahaha!! Oh that's right...I'm pretty sure they bought it after I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry came out
If I'm stressing, I'm not doing it right.
If you're not here at the Riv playing poker, how can you win some of our BBJP moniez ?
Forgive but never forget
We will have popcorn and twizzlers. Not wearing shoes to game. Saz's afterwards! IsItFridayYet?
Just found out we got tickets to the Obama inauguration. My boy is singing and we are thrilled!
If my brain could turn off for 2 minutes it would be lovely
What an energetic meeting today! Looking forward to making 2012 the best year yet!
and het he os doing advertisements for him!!!
Eminem feat Rihanna-I love the way you lie...
clay, beatlab on ponce and normans on clairmont. what's your issue?
thats my new motto!
Anyone know where they give away old used books in chicago?
Well if you realize that everyone saw it, you should realize everyone will tweet about it.
Fxckin on the rooftop,and if you not down we can just make out.
The Parking Lot Movie -playing at VINEGAR HILL THEATER DECEMBER 17-21st. Charlottesville, VA
Get ready for the to be tomorrow for the first #truckeroo of the summer!
Thanks for the tweet James!
#anactorslife kissing @$$ and making names.
Yes!, I'm a warrior poet, and I will win my freedom no matter what the cost!!!
CaseCrown Map Slim case with Front Pocket for Acer 15.6-Inch ...
Guys- if u know VB, u know I know what's goin on. Promoters & bus. owners need 2 get w/ my boy & Just went Nat'l
I'm dead serious.
Can I slytherin your Chamber of Secrets? Harry Potter pickup lines:)
Mitch you and Paulie hated on him from the start. Sorry but you missed the boat on this one. He's the real deal.
I was jusss gonna see if you wanted to stay tonight! (:
Black Beans and Rice with Chicken and Apple Salsa Recipe from Bon Appétit
359 people voted early today before the 12P deadline. If you weren't able to come DT, poll opens from 6A to 6P Tuesday
I didn't know he had friends...
Whenever someone says "Guess who I just ran into...", I like to picture them literally running into people.
well played, you two.
Sucker for punishment??
trying to forget someone that you once loved....... <
It's going to become very apparent to people which pages are worth followign and which are not.
Today would be the perfect day to take a nap but I don't have time.
Welcome to San Francisco, Nikita! How was the first day of #CFOSF?
1 year and 9 months with him
yea I was lol and I k.ow I was to lazy to open it so I turned around and went and pressed the button
Guys, kayden made a fake account to annoy me. It's NOT me.:(
Oh thank goodness! Saints
I hate writers block -_-
too bad
oh my, oh my, my family of raging maniacs <U+2665> welcome to the family Vanesser
YUP, and if they go back to dudes after its like, Ehhhh....so what
Seen on a bumper sticker: "What if the hokey pokey IS what it's all about?"
what type of discussion on archiving email?
how is that ignorant? are you sure youre not like 6 yrs old?
Ray forr three
do you want my opinion also?
And our new friend says she digs sex, too. We are an army, ladies!
#iwasthinkin why never notices me. :/
Jack Daniels. Lots of Jack Daniels.
Mememe! I do I do!!
#backinelementaryschool i would worry about who stole my crayon, not who stole my man
“: Its retarded, not retarted. Don't say someone is 'retarted,' because that makes you a 'retart.'” Lmao!!
how you haven't been on a date don't you got a girl ?
If I was in a crowded room, I'd still be able to spot you first.
it sucks I have to give up my room for 2 weeks but she's worth it<3
I don't have children, but have been a nanny for several yrs--$15 is WAY too low for tutoring. Given that you're..
Hey girl how are you?
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy
Neat account! Thanks for sharing your pics!
#oomfs tweets right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>>>
yeah thats right... But what happen to oddii being like Ms.sanchez thats hes hers forever and it leaves in a flash for a
The internets are very, very bad at Casino Hotels. It's like they don't want you to stay in the room all day and not gamble.
should have put a jacket on , o i forgot your a blonde lol
hey Matt
When you can't stop thinking about this past weekend >>>
It's on like Donkey Kong haha
completely overrated...that's just sad
Hey if Kevin Green wants to spend that much real $ in order to be top in wealth
Hope your well. I golf too...in Reno and here in Palm Desert. We're fortunate.
Dear RDA enablers: There isn't a "better", "right" or "proper" way to do #redevelopment agencies. RDAs are inherently & fundamentally scams.
: Great interview - I just love these features!
Thanks sister! Now I just need a job! :)
i never heard of him until dwts, shame on me! :)
Then Mary said, “Here am I, the servant of the Lord; let it be with me according to your word.”
These gluten-/dairy-free pancakes from TJ's are really gross...they remind me of mochi.
ive been seeing this offense for years. Sad..
Follow my new page now
Was telling a story about My fav 15yo in world says "is that the young guy with the cheek bones?" yes, yes it is.
Hollins University. My major is Communication Studies.
how are your teeth?
CANT WAIT FOR SUMMER #HOLYFUCK !
I forgot just how much I hate tan pants
Doc lets get ready for his coming in 10 min! LOL! Glad people know about the rapture period
Oh Mozart Piano Quartet in g minor...! #mozart #beethoven liked it too!
sure thing Bob
And he's one of the best bosses I've ever had. But bravado needs to be backed up with the ability to get stuff done.
two of the best school newspapers. amazing film department. comm arts major was the 'elfish' liaison for the LOTR movies :-)
Thanks to all those who attended the event tonight. Special thanks to for hosting and for sponsoring the event!
we got shows poplin up everywhere. we'll def let you know when and where we get booked! would love to see you there!
when doesnt answer my texts<<<<<
How about we fire the NCAA clowns & give that cash to students. I don't care what they get...the Washington Huskies need a 100 yd rusher.
Are all electronic cigarettes the same? Simply put- No! Can a disposable electronic cigarette compare to a rechargeable one? It's not likely
For sure. "Wait that book about special education from 40 years ago is totally still relevant!" Not so much.
Good night - RT : If you pray bold prayers, God will do bold things in your life.
June 30th baby doll. Don't miss it!
Stickin to the code & this marijuana weed smoke.. #G'dUp
Axl Rose's opinions/decisions, it is still f'kn badass to see GnR inducted \m/
Anyone prank their friends yet??
To many as is & BROKE A%$ N1$$ WASTING FUNDS
<- I only believe in you, Robert Blue. ;)
I'm already feeling homicidal. I may have to be physically restrained come August if it stays this hot all summer.
A person who aims at nothing is sure to hit it. #quote”
Last week of the regular season! Two games until Tournament! Go Lobos!
im emotional af right now its just one of them days that a girl goes thru
BTW, I just noticed that you're follower 100. Imagine balloons raining down, red lights and sirens going wherever you are.
LOLOLOL so many people annoy me, omg. But then I love so many people
English and religion final today. Wish us luck!
Having difficulty retrieving much needed footage to begin editing my doc, the files do not show up when I try to import, any help?
Good game last night! Let's hope the #Colts pull off an upset this Sunday...
AT&T is down in WestLA!!! Anyone know of something happening?
How much do I love ? This much. The most amazing woman i have ever known.
pissed that you went to a Rusko concert!! I think we're even now lol
so great seeing you tonight at 's show! (: wasn't she great?!
i heart you!
love the new profile pic Tiff! Keep at it.
im not allowed my dad said u can give yr number to yr frnds but yr on website....i want to give u :( but my dad :$
yep...4th year for Jaxsons Jog. Your bday is coming up too! Any big plans?
Its Stupid Hot In Cali Right Now smh
The Blessing of Adversity, hang in there don’t give up Jesus is Lord Kenny Russell
Just added tables to our bar area, now there's plenty of room. Come by for a drink! Sun-FRI 5:00-6:30
was longer, and more general than web literacy--e.g. understanding how to read code even if you can't write it
You promised me you would never change.
For as long as I can remember, around this time of year, I say, "Jesus H. Christ. The Flower Show."
Thanks Gabe, you too....hope to see you playing again soon :)
Ahh. Like the memories of our bottomless cheese & sausage tour on Old World 3rd Street? ;)
Tasty ugly MODS should be hard to find! (Shoulda said SHOULDN'T) Sigh ...
Quick transition goal following a stall was too easy; the walked it down the field for a break. 18-14 PHI
yeah but I need help now
Hello sunshine!
JC big man probably was the way to go with the final signing of this class. And you now need no more evidence to know Peters is never coming
: KG's wheels appear to be/feel better now than at any point the past 3-years. Impressive.
Mi-Tyme is proud to announce that we are under management by TurnStyle EntEvents !
First, dig a 20' moat. Then fill it with 20' fences. That'll show them! Plus it'll create jobs.
My minister, "let us pray for those who are sick of our church family"
me too shes had from day 1!!
No sleep
Blue Spoon in Sauk is amazing!
Kinda excited about it!
You HAVE to be effing kidding me! What did we do to make the basketball gods HATE us? Just when we're looking good!
One of my friends, when she's bored she jumps on her bed and then she falls off her bed on purpose and she breaks her ass.
"It's nice to be the best, but not when being the best brings out the worst in you."
RT : Looking forward to a literal happy hour today with
justins sounds SO sexy when he cusses.
: there are 7 chapters in the story of HP stay tuned to answer your questions
So, who wants to come over :)
hey everyone... I'm performing in Unscripted New York this May in midtown!!! Whoo-Hoo!!! Follow for more info!!!
looks like else.
My hair is layed like Carlos Boozer
RT : Bravo to for great use of patient engagement tools in reducing readmissions.
where at? Lol
can somebody clear up Kodak pensions for the working employee,every day its something different.
Thank you SO much for the opportunity Frederique! BIG HUGS ;p RT : Hi Michele, Thank you for sharing your...
Woah that is so true
team follow back whats up. Follow me.
LOL! I can't spell the word Thursday today. I deleted and revised my last tweet 3 times. Thusday, Thrusday, & then I finally got it right!
A suggestion for -- a schedule on webpage of all international exhibition games this summer, add new ones as they come up.
Have all 4 scenes DLP. Yas!!! Let the Edith's favorites and Plosives process begin!!!
Thank you so much! Wish I had had a chance to chat with you! RT : great job today. Thank you.
"I had dealt with Chris G., before at another repair business so it was nice to see her smiling face again. "
Bad bitches roll in packs... unless they wanna be a bad bitch around a bunch of ducks
lol.. I can sleep when im dead! Im coming to the h this weekend
Awesome! If you're looking for anything in particular, let us know and we'll try to track it down for you!
Digitizing your personal finance life
Burning your foot with a lamp till it burns off>>>>>
Fuck That I Said Pic Posting Look At My Profile Pic Get Off Like Nuts Ewwwww Hahaha.
GM 1426 on our way to Key West for fabulous photo shoot w/Tony Armstrong, mu by Gigi Robinson hair by Angie Clinton big girls really do ROCK
Human happiness and moral duty are inseparably connected - George Washington Bush.
may 19th better be in your calender!
My window looks straight at the back of the Twitter building. Currently 4 dudes sitting next to a dumpster huddling over an iPhone screen.
I saw that "Mobile Spa Party for 8 girls" is that why? :) RT I think I have developed a LivingSocial addiction. :S
Okay, now time to cast the Casey Anthony movie. Casey-Sarah Michelle Gellar, or Jennifer Love Hewitt
i tell ya whole paragraph on how i miss u and u say kk thanks... wat a good best friend
yes,yes we do(:
get in touch with me and I will see how I might be able to help
Shout-out's to all my new followers! RETWEET -
Bring on the Snow!!! Looking forward to an actual snow event!!! Let It Snow!!!!!
sweet sincere ones who give their all. lol especially military.
Fab Design Tip: To display a collection on the wall think of them as one shape.
been working on "a view from the east coast" all day and writing songs for a new record... pretty excited :-)
i got a small circle im not with different crews walk the same path but got on different shoes
Watching roomies play Dead Space, it's like a movie.
Angry Birds?
Are we now talking about #natgas? Hallelujah!!
21+ DC Followers want 2 party FREE FRI at Current email w/ FULL NAMES & Current as the subject
Anyone see Charlie Wilson's War?
I can honestly say I've never met a boy like him... But before i date him i have to make sure if my hearts right.
The title of my next comedy album will be "Chubbed In"
If I was 2 enter a relationship w/dude. My heart wouldn't b 100%BC85% of my heart would b somewhere else&wouldn't be fair 2 tag him along.
u say that now, haha! These shoes give plenty of protection, ppl wldn't wear'em if they didn't. They strengthen your feet naturally.
#SignsAFightBout2Breakout when you see a bunch of people in a circle screaming & you run to see what's going on!
The 10 Reef Commandments coming shortly. Stand by, only one at a time. Please RT them when you see 'em.
OH MY GOD!!! I love you, thank you so much for following me! Can't wait to see you at :)
u already is
#GoodMorning Most times the fastest way to get what you want is to not rush in after it.
ugh. spent all day edit and uploading, writing and pretending I know what i'm doing.
It's lunchtime on Christmas Eve Eve. Better sta boozing / eating.
Any sign of who is getting most reps at Nickle back?
Ya! I love Miami! How was living there? Have contemplated it... I was there for
Good Night
Thanks for the mention/RT. From your admiring friends, south of the border.
Work nearby? Impromptu project meetings? We’ve got you covered. Call in a big order and we’ll deliver it.
#WhitneyTributes I love you and may the love of God comfort Bobby Christina & Mama Cissy heart.
don't you be holdin' back your love, don't you be holdin' back <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><U+2764>
No. Riding soaked trails, fucks them up. The sooner people around here understand this, the sooner we'll have world class trails
Can't Sleep
I'm feeling god .
Make that "Ms. Cole."
but the highlight was my precision driving right ;)
tracking with :)
oh i bet!
u still have the motif?
I need a job -_- shit is rough
Stay hungry. Stay foolish
my brother said it tha best cuz i want to skate like a muthafucker rite now so bad
this is true --> rt “: Perfect day for outdoor munching at (@ Taylor Gourmet)
Im goin to bed night yo
what a good idea for such a font hoarder like me to put fonts to the cloud! Leading to my dropbox!
human body is the female egg and the
...and I ball like swoosh.
Big milestones this year, wedding anniversary included. Though, I can't believe we've been married for 10 years. It really feels like 50.
Just finished "The Long Walk." The ending was creepy.
Join at the Scottsdale Anti-Aging, Wellness and Yoga Festival this weekend
damn i know you too well...ctfu
That was really mean!
Of course he thinks it's flawed... The Cardinal can't play for a National title anymore. We are prob stuck w/an all SEC game.
it will fester.
I have love for the dudes in celebrity who spend more time being funny and less time on their six pack
I can already tell that the fact that my mom, my sister and I all have the same shoe size is going to cause some drama
Max is cute for a nickname... not so sure about Maxwell...
"just the beginning"
I fucking love whiskey
lmao hm hm tell me anything
No you don't- be aggressive (but not too aggressive)! Girls can be shy, too.
About time Penn State. I'm surprised they're even going to finish out the season.
I like to think of Maine as this hidden gem. We've got so much great stuff round here you don't know about yet!
#Syracuse was the first 2 seed ever to lose to a 15 seed-- Richmond in 1991
but so worth it!!!
a collaboration could be interesting. What software do you use? Have you ever collaborated w/someone using Indaba music's platform?
that imperative messes up my whole presentation. :)
-- Where do u hang out on Tuesday Nights?? :)
don't start something you can't finish.
well next time a scene fag says they blacked out, don't say "omg when?"
I bet. But you had a coming out party! Need ya. Great Work!
RT RT : Coming March 1, (326 N Water) new lunch options sandwiches, bistro boxes, yogurt parfaits.
haha omg wow, I thought you would be like omg mom I need new shoes! Now! Haha
If there IS a Santa Claus then You will be under my tree in the morning !!!! PLEASE SANTA BE REAL !!!!!!!!
Join the WI awesome train and #BeMilwaukee EAT pizza at Classic Slice!!!
Happy st.patricks day!
Inspiring acting class last night. Still high.
You gotta love the vet.....K-MART!!!
i love bananas, yogurt, & if I'm at the office, a Mom Made Burrito Munchie! Agree, is the best bar!
All of your RTs are really getting annoying. Please stop doing it (after this one)
Does that mean I get the day off of work for a Natl. Holiday? Lol
haha what a shame
make Boston a business trip man...
no it's ok espn. no need to talk about the #Spurs and #jazz game. We know kobe & lakers are your money makers.
How did I ever program without flatMap?
Ottawa Senators, DC United, and Chivas Regal Alliance?
FEEL BETTER AUSTIN :D You'll be ALRIGHT
you're making candles? :)
So much for that. Tebow!!!
Im about to blow bitches and bitches ass niggas stay of the T.I.P. of my dick
Id rather be judged for telling u the truth, than regret telling u a lie &see u get hurt.
woah I got that joke from a friend on FB so calm down
“: Word. --> I'm listening to "California Love" by 2Pac (Tupac) #pandora #nowplaying” That's what's up!!!
LOL. RT : I should note that because of working with , I now code better, smoke cigars better, and drink scotch better.
I wish you could block some TT's from appearing on your TL.
At my bro's game... Its weird cause Hes coaching and not playing...
#Thingshighpeopledo order the entire Taco Bell menu
Sleep where for art thou? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
nah, mostly just, "Where you folks from? Oh, I've got a cousin out thereabouts."
$$ amount of damage wasn't worth the claim. Just a little Spackle and some paint. Should do the trick.
Great website! Ever been mountain biking in Moab USA?
TY for the shout out & support!
Would Tannehill not have been there in the 2nd round?? They let Sherman play to big of a role in that pick.
Agreed. [And I like bacon] RT : True story: Sometimes I wish the Internet would just quit it with all the bacon.
Lls, Right! Where The Hoes At?
Thanks hon. I work my ass off all year to enjoy half of Dec at my Keys place. Happy holidays to u!
When the best leader<U+FFFD>s work is done the people say, <U+FFFD>We did it ourselves!Lao-Tsu
Ok, is now showing how to fry bacon, I think it is time to totally give up on Lifehacker!
Happy Mothers Day to all the lovely mothers out there!
Winning is a habit. Unfortunately, so is losing.- Vince Lombardi
Well-behaved women never make history. - Maria Shriver
A way to get good Search Engine Result Page (SERP) placement is by using SEO on Social Media venues or (SSO) Social Search Optimization.
Thanks for clarifying. I wouldn't want to accuse Jessie of using drugs!
That's kind of amazing. So happy to share this special day.
ROLL CATS WILLOW!!!
getting ready for work...then hitting up the movies later :)
Ellerman on News Corp: More appropriate charge would be SEC books & records violation, depending on how company recorded alleged bribes
wur u from I stay in IL
Man is there a website I could go to on my phone nd watch. The bgc
could someone PLEASE sweet talk that Marshal kid from Raleigh into becoming a tar heel?
What's the most egregious quote by a politician lately about reproductive rights? please post them here?
not sure about other trips. This has been 3500 miles so far, driving. Family issues, not so much for fun this time.
call me
nah you haven't but thanks luv :) had let Bart take a break for a while lol
Let get it grizzles taking game 7
happy birthday to one of my absolute favorite people EVER! Hope you have an amazing day! Love and miss you! Wish I was there!
#stm2012 problem with impact factor is that it is not very predictive because a single article can account for 15% of total downloads
Here watching my lil Bro and his Friend play Playstation 3-- I'm bored can't wait for it to be 9 so I can watch my novela--
How about a bike helmet?“: Tornado watch in Beaufort County. I've got my peanut M&Ms. That's all you need for a tornado, right?”
Zach favorites that tweet<333
My 18-34 Female audience appreciates a man who washes his hands after shaking.
what about me I followed
movies, and out to eat
I think I would have been treated better by a creepy mustached man driving a van than via Spirit Airlines.
Pleasantly surprised to see/hear DJing the opening night party for #aam2012 What a blast!
You may now have trouble at the border - bring your Uncle Sams Club card RT : Feet are tan. Time to go home.
Hey, sorry just got home.
Watching Rory Mcilroy, Darren Clarke, and Keegan Bradley's wins this year is like watching Rocky, Rocky II, and Rocky IV
I need to talk to you ASAP!!! :/
MT: “All our dreams can come true – if we have the courage to pursue them.” -
Striking out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
We might have started singing just a little soon. -Fall Out Boy
Good morning! :)
Congrats to for beating the heat and finishing the Boston Marathon
Also there had been an elevator accident at the school. Ppl got stuck there waiting for the rescue.
More caramel corn! Plus: spiced almond brittle and cherry-chocolate cookies.
Congrats! Newsweek is big.
There is no you there is only me, there's no fucking you there's only me.
even better: a trebuchet to fling the smiling hipsters toward the skies.
This Kentucky v Iowa state game is whyd up!
I know! There are the times with I miss Metromix the most...
This nigga piss me off last night
you got some work to do. Dont let me stop ya.
#20ThingsAboutMe im strong, and happy to say that i am.
nope, I didn't have any :(
X-Man, make sure to follow and
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 21
Definitely, it was great meeting you! Looking forward to seeing you at future events too. :-)
Aw, you.
Great...so I try to get into the Valentine's Day mood by asking out someone for a date and get shot down instantaneously/:
Say what you will about me. But I promise it won't change me.
yea ill probably be up there taking darius to practice if his dad get me from school
Pick up race packets for the #VaHi Christmas 5K by tomorrow, 12/14 at our Ansley Mall location! We're open 10-7 both days.
John Travolta's First Accuser Drops Lawsuit, Hires Gloria Allred
ive never been there. I thought you meant "so you a so called Mahomie " xD
Join sales profs & experts tomorrow for a live Twitter chat on effective selling! Follow or search #SalesSuccess at 2:45pm EST on 8/17!
what ever happend to Jay La Soul?
Just finished Psyren and I admit the story felt a little rushed but I loved it. Easily fits into my top 10 favs
will face the Dakota Wizards in the first round of the playoffs! Schedule of the first round will be announced soon!
Proper planning prevents poor performance!
Go to Mike's Chili Parlor, right at the northeast foot of the Ballard Bridge
SO RUDE. sigh.
Moved on to White Water Summer - Kevin Bacon singing in a VW van = classic
these are stunning photos!
Do you have your umbrellas? T-1 Hour (give or take a few minutes) until the preview of #AUPSteadyRain!
Samsung Galaxy Tab falls into FCC hands with GSM radio frequencies, 5GHz dual-band WiFi
Life itself still continues to be an exceptionally efficient therapist.
Chart Highlights: Beyonce &#39;On Top&#39; of Dance/Club Play Songs
just got out thee shower , now gettin ready for work,- um tired still tired from last night !
Cool! It's dwightdturner
The Redskins drafted Kirk Cousins? WTF? Didn't they just sell the farm for RG3? smh
RT : Dickinson's It Might be Lonelier is in my wallet RT : Carry a poem around tmrw in honor of Poem in Your Pocket day
get to play 'The Rock Obama' on SNL this weekend!!
finally someone mentions Kobe's hairline too lol!
Ima Take This One Far.
"Ho, ho, ho, now I have a machine gun"
yes. Schedule is not out until the end of March.
Goodnight everyone.
still freezing on the loading screen. Deleted every 2k12 file I have and tried starting without internet. Any ideas?
not really. I know what you meant dumbass <3
Issue is hosting WCF AJAX on site with multiple domain names and both HTTP/HTTPS - very hard (Will be easier in .NET4.0 AFAIK).
is there some crazy on your bus preaching abt transit cuts? He/his box of handouts take up 2 seats! Sunglass hiding for me!
My tummy hurts I'm throwing up I hush hope I'm not the
We got that sweet hot loving.
"Madonna, Madonna, Madonna... P.S. world peace."
Testify. You'te the only person I know that unabashedly loves TV as much as I do & knows grief of having a unsatisying queue.
Going into the new year with a better mentality, a bigger heart, rejuvenated spirit and a wonderful attitude.
Huge shout out to the coolest company they make amazing games :)
I dont get it... The average person wants to be single but at the same time have that significant other. Is that natural human traits.
RT : Emery said earlier this week he hoped to get immediate impact players in first two rounds and role players in 3rd and 4th.
'The greatest difficulty is not to get people to accept new ideas, but to get them to abandon the old.' J.M. Keynes
CEO concerns about measures, inconsistent by project, not connected to the business goals
(cont)... weekend I've had, well in as long as I can remember.
this is what i get for not spending five bucks on a new hot glue gun. being cheap is overrated -______-
Happy Birthday to my film idol, Alfred Hitchcock! If I could name the ways The Master of Suspense has inspired me...
I hurt myself trying to get my money's worth @ the asian buffet w/ & julie. my stomach very well may burst.
Hi Christine! Happy to see you here in the twittersphere.
: did you know that had a sister? no?
Bank then tanning! :D
:/ school in the morn! Cant believe I dont get a summer break! Smh
Don't be obsessed w your weight. Good health is more important than a single digit dress size!! :)
no. It was a joke.
keep your nose out of my corner please
You Know What? Your My New Best #Simpsonizer #Angel Friend #Bsaf!
Happy sunny Friday!!!
the video isn't there anymore.
“: African-Americans & Hispanics have sex before going to bed more frequently than whites and Asians do.” You're a racist, man.
You had me at
Watch out Oil Kings...it's ON!!
That was a fail.
thanks for the reply!
The best is yet to come
yep! I did! Hope you did too!
Self Directed IRA Rollovers – Exactly what are They? Why Would ...
lmao well I'm glad he was so nice, pretty sure sydney is going to hang that up somewhere...
I just made chicken for the first time in seven-ish years. If I don't tweet anymore, it's because I couldn't tell how pink it was. :|
we're going to miss you so much Sally/:,but you go chase your dreams baby.I love you XOXOX.
RIH Mr. Robinson!!! Miss you as well.
Not saying they can't play together, just saying they haven't figured it out yet. It's been a year. How much longer will it take?
oh baby... If I took you home it'd be a homerun <U+26BE><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
rooting for #Buster!
The resurrection of Jesus for me is the empowerment that some people experienced in Lower Gahilee which is now available for everyone.
WAKE UP, dudes! The world is bigger than your United Fucking States!
moms not being cool with this whole school thing !
I spy a picture of my niece w/ a viking helmet on. I think would approve!
Butternut Squash Ravioli is good.
"...no one knows the day or hour when these things will happen, not even the angels in heaven or the Son himself. Only the Father knows."
Booklist subscribers, if you haven't already, stop by Booklist booth #1517 to activate Booklist online access - now included w/sub. 9-5 Sun.
Breaking down the weed , about to make a plane ! #TGOD <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><U+270C>
i definately will!
Declaring a new online grad certificate at UCF: Clinical Nurse Leader!
Everyone has their bestfriend's number memorized , even when you arent friends anymore .
yes for sure we will :D and omg really? I would love to go ! Ah
i just got patted down, apparently #TSA isn't aware that wearing big shirts and leggings is in.
This time next week, I will be in Miami.
thank you for watching :)
& while you're at it, why don't you ask some traffic engineers why they build the streets so wide & let cars speed thru downtown?!
even if i don't sleep, goodnight lovelies!
UK is about to see its 3rd consecutive SI cover... Davis, MKG,
yeah honestly it was fault ..
Lol that just made my day<3
"I'm filing the divorce papers tomorrow." Tom to Lynnette. "Jane wasn't the problem, it's me." Lynnette to Gaby
#IfTwitterHadAPromIdTake If he'd take me(;
thanks for making the song "Bow chicka wow wow". It got me laid the other night. Woman seem to go crazy over that song. Thanks.
thank u victoria lol
When Harry Met Sally
Listen to This American Life! It's worth letting your book wait.
lol! Yeah! *high five*
happy friday the 13th...may the odds be ever in your favor!
On behalf of psycho94, jinx tweets :We've got a rare item "Tin robot" on the way of Adventure. heehaw
Spend 45 minutes working out. Eat a pint of ice cream when done.
So, I have taken the padlock off my account. Let's see how long this will last.
Wow #MDNA..! The best album in recent memory. Yes, better than Gaga.
Thanks for following us Charlotte :)
you should check out when you are in Boise!
I hear the coyotes yippin' and my dog is growling over the mtn lions.
do work study i gtta decline the loans and then write them an email saying im interested and they will try to get me work study
sorry to hear that! It will get better.
the marketing campaign I'm working on it so creative and visually stunning--and it could possibly kill me.
Yeah..... Nariana for life..
Tired of being left on hold.. speaking to the wrong people.. poor customer service? The number you need is: 0844 880 2010
No more loans or handouts for nobody
RT We can say more by using fewer words - Dan Roam at #12ntc a nonprofit web/graphic design firm can help you say it!
#sprint is on it when it comes to customer service!
it should never be a decision. Always clean up after your dog.
Only 7 days left of our amazing buy one tour offer and bring your best friend for free! Offer valid on all 7-21 day USA. tours
Friday funny: all the ads running when I access my gmail spam folder are for recipes using Spam.
One thing I've learned over the years: the indie film industry doesn't care about you. Don't court them. Court your work's audience.
Can we uh.. Idk call my ques?
Hey-Hey...free re-PHILS all day tomorrow on any coffee purchase! Just save your cup and receipt.
Just recorded Episode 26 where we give a big shout out to the best film podcast on the web,
#cuse v #uconn in the early game tomorrow. They should finish before midnight
If cash or check is more your style head over to 2800 Sisson Street Thursday through Saturday 9-5 and Sunday from 9-3. We're so excited!
good morning motherfucking awesome people!
Santorum is out...watch LIVE right now on time warner channel 362
Hope they schedule the Syracuse men's game for a convenient time...want to be able to squeeze it in between packing, F1, and Rays-O's.
im saying, Ty acts like a white guy any way
1st day of last semester...countdown begins...it's
Ha! Great post and another example just how much Ultrastar rules!
Best of luck in Bangalore RT : "if you can run a business in India, you can run one anywhere." #FoundersForum”
Morgan u silly
The Auction house in Diablo 3 will allow virtual items to be purchased with real cash, one feature i detest personally
Tonight on Outreach 1310 WIBA AM- Rick Flowers From R Place will join us. Please tune in
IF YOU FOLLOW TELL ME. I'M FOLLOWING EVERYONE WHO FOLLOWS HER RIGHT NOW... PLUS I'LL RT SOME OF YOUR TWEETS.
It's hard not to mistake sex for love because most of the time love fucks you hard.
bird I hand.
Mildly masochistic, but I want to read a handbook on #OCLC coding.
email sent
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 33
Courage faces fear and thereby masters it
time to tweet the twitition! Please help out and hashtag #GodvatototheRescue <3
#superbowl crap #JPP is down for the #GIANTS we need to make a big turnaround now! Go Big Blue!!!
Happy Birthday. Have a great day!!
seriously! Santa Clarita is super hot. Actually looking forward to sunset.
My doubt in God doesn't obscure my love for those who ARE religious. We're ALL entitled to our beliefs & we're ALL RESPONSIBLE for respect!
Follow me on instagram; Ithinkpurplex3 follow me I follow back ;)
i will be out of town sorry
“: I'll be shocked if it's not...how far was ur run”. Half marathon. Awesome experience. I'm hooked now
sure. Thanks. It's just I've been really stressed lately and I've been having bad panic attacks and idk what to do about it.
WTF, it smells like salsa on this plane.
ok lookin ass
Anyone ever experienced ear candling?
Haha, I might throw a last minute bash at the house, but I also want to do something in the city - maybe the same as my bday?
A great weekend for South Beach Wine & Food Festival! #Feastpdx Team is there, so say hey if you see us!
Thanks for the follow and participating/attending #SMBMAD this AM!
Hitting the at Bob Knight's Fieldhouse in Ducanville today. A full day of hoops!
YES!! I was routing heavily again "The" Bad Guys...
How did you get here? Oops. Better follow - our main account. Grt stuff on social commerce + Unfollow here and follow instead
"Artists do things that have never been done before, dig deep to create passion, connect by changing things for the better.” -- Seth Godin
great show tonight David!
hehehe I like it <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I'm giving up on trying to sleep. I guess this means I'm having an all-nighter by myself. Yay. :/
Spinach in the protein shake day 2... Shit is so real
This nigga is amazing
do you think YLT has ever referred to their rehearsal spit as the "sanctum sanctorum" ? thanks for the link to that & vaRocks!
I don't WANT. I NEED. I will stay UPALLNIGHT to convince my mum to buy it. I WISH I could just buy it already 8
Your Welcome! YAY!
haha. Sorry. That was weird. Idk how that happened. I don't need any #stalkers !
ur so handsome
That window's a short, 90-degree angle from mine. Gotta remember from now on to keep my windows closed. >_<
#ClubPS3 #ClubiPad2 It's almost that time!
Wow I just mentioned Justin Bieber by accident
it's there birthday. They'll cry if they want to :)
Lets go #Ravens!
its shitty out!!
FUCK THE LOTTERY
lolol who all sits at your table?
tiger woods...i love you
#JustATip If You Are Using Wholesale T-shirts Make Sure You Take Out The Wholesale Brand Tag And Replace It With Your Own
People are so oblivious. I love it.
« Hanging out with a #Libra makes you feel so much better.»
O'Death, Charlie Parr, tba confirmed at Cactus- Wed., June 6, 9pm! more details soon...
We are too JJ!
RT : You're right below DMB on the app! yfrog.com/h6ecrnbj
I think a lot of students started smoking weed #InCollege.....cuz I know I did
Rule #1: No napping in Vegas
Starting tourney at bicycle casino
Hungover from last night, we be livin that fast life -
nah like if i wanna watch it maybe later can i?
Just ran in to Aaron Rogers...
hi!we just opened & would love for u to try our slice!u need more financial district pizzerias on your map ;) add
We are now looking for summer social media interns! Follow and send your resume to .
not a fan of the thong. too much chafing
#np ice ice baby. I couldn't think of a better first tweet, Columbus
thanx man, dvd out in two weeks and more insanity soon, lucas
My sweet cousin should follow . I'm pretty sure she'd make you laugh.
Minnesota 35-27... Allen and the crowd are gonna force Flozell into tons of mistakes right???
That is why I get paid in milkshakes.
Upcoming shows! Check us out- www.elbybrass.com , www.3sgiants.com! :) Hope all is going well! :)
Thx! I was there in may 2009 and a 2-bed condo was $500k. Guess it was condition related... Leigh
you're behind the pace ;-)
Thank you, I hope you have a nice Sunday as well
RT "Ppl screaming I spoiled the show (Dexter)..." Lol true, but there are 1.3M people following you who might not have seen it yet.
yeah, love Hannity and his "hard hitting" interviews! What a journalist lol!
Getting nervous for the triathlon. Picked up my packet and I'm bib # 2525 which is a cool number. Gonna rock the run!
Totally lost my second week of Thanks #ArianFoster!?!
Spam is stupid
Bernadette Peters tonite; Cory Gunz @ KCAC (think they'll party back at the hotel?); Brett Cogley @ Ironwood; Sean Howard et al @ The Brown
Doin it up with the TUC shop boys , be on the look out for UNDRSTMTED FILMS
I went snorkeling and messed around and bumped into a great white, he looked at me, I looked at him and he said L's Up!...#Dos Equis!
Krapper! Got a callback for the Priest in"Atlas Shrugged" and now they've cut the scene! Krapper!
RT : Check out the video from Robin Tompkin's networking group...SISTERHOOD at it's best! Thanks for inviting me to join......
Jack harkness is a pretty cool guy
please follow me please
I WAS ON HOLD FOR OVER 30 MINUTES, then a rep talks to me for 5 mins, then puts me on hold, and HANGS UP!
Haven't had time to stop by the sale? We still have lots of great books and our sale is open Monday through Thursday from 9am to 6pm.
goin to big d tonight whoop whopp
I WON MY FIRST HUNGER GAMES :D
#Joyce letters give a mindset and literary history of the time. In his own literature, Joyce is autobiographical. Letters expand upon that.
last Friday of high school!!!!! :)
Lunch meeting with Senator Max Baucus from Montana. Joining my dad for political networking.
Thank you!!!
Share with your friends and contribute to the promotion of GOOD MUSIC! Help us grow, it only takes one tweet =)
Ready for the weekend.
LOLOLOL I LOVE U MELINUH :Just saw a tow truck towing another tow truck
don't worry, I give it approx. 3 weeks until Fox hires as a contributor.
congrats lady! Exciting to see you in e-print!
Kids who workout chest & biceps everyday...
Haha- What can I say. Some guys have it... RT : HOLY SHIT- would've won. I love you
: ) haha very good and yourself, dennis t? i used to be in CA for two yrs; how is it doing?
Get me another browie!
Ok. I'm gonna try this one more time.
It's 5 o'clock! Happy Hour is underway. We'll try to save a bar stool for ya, but you know how the regulars are. Barrel 44, 1120 N. High
nor, you just don't shutup and it takes to much effort to reply to you
So help me God Hugh Hefner, if you let tanning mom pose for Playboy I'll personally lead the raid on your mansion to take you out.
A wee bit crazy :) Have a very Happy Thanksgiving!
Looks like on of those 90s #Bulls vs #Jazz blowout finals games. (#Lakers @ #Thunder #Game1)
At Wrestle Mania 28
I will guarantee that PM calls AZ by 4 PM ET and tells them that they are out. He will do this out of respect so they can figure out Kolb
Haha - how've you been man? What's new?
RT“: Waiting on the Lord.. patience and humility is everything.”
Release yourself from the past. Reach to the future. Your destiny is calling.
no seriously I do...
Applied for a new position at work. Keep your fingers crossed for me! Really hope I get it.
Loved the 2nd episode of Smash. Keeps the dream alive.
Get your sushi strech pants on. It's 1/2 price sushi roll night @ Fuse!!
I got ya back like a sweater!!!
I'm at #ConvergeCup this morning. Took the bus.
Use of our logo is copyright infringement. You'll need to take it off your account. Thanks for your immediate cooperation.
That moment when u see the love of your life, when u haven't seen him all day, & your heart starts to race, & u feel a flush
I wonder if Krabby Patties are better than burgers on land..
Had fun with William and DJ today
Busy day at work today.... It's good to be sellin' some homes!
The Turning Point series on the SD mayor's race continues Sunday. How the intensely private became a very public figure.
- We'll be at #SHRM11on the lookout for this years top
~Sigh~ How nice another #SecretArtMeeting missed again.
Guess what I bought at Mazzola Bakery on the way home...
Time to make the cookies
I always keep a spare pair in my purse.
nevermind....I'd like to know where do you currently get your beats from ?
re: earlier Calipari comments-- I don't like him, I don't want him as coach, but he *can* coach, there's no question.
Nokia Sued for 'Fraud' Over Windows Phone Sales - PC Magazine
Romney calls on Newt to release all tapes from his cameo 'family values' appearances on The Bachelor.
yeah just got back...... its cool we r going early tomorrow
Weigh in fixing to begin! Who's it going to be Jones or Faircloth???
so then the Q is which is first? How great tho that you have these two projects to be passionate about.
"Judge not, that ye be not judged. For with the judgement you pronounce you will be judged, and the measure you give will be the measure ...
beautiful version, but I find it rather melancholy?
Thank God she has some sense! I will not be the godfather of Dwyane or however you spell it Brackney!
Do yours <33 you saw ? :D
haha, let's make it Jessica next time.
Big things coming from Muni Kids
Why is Symphony solider such a good album :o
Lol RT : Do you guys wanna hear a joke about cats? Just kitten ;)
Nobody knows the real me cuz I don't know myself .
Frank Martin.
Hey what does a full time innovator make? I'm job hunting.
and were did you get that i didnt love yall? Lol
Heading to DC to check in with friends , , , , , @ FCC. What's Next?!
Thanks for following. Maybe you'll see us at some point this season on your next visit to Austin.
I think so ;)
Great to be connected, Jon!
stranger things have happened than scoring 4 runs off a #3 starter and a average bullpen.
Busy day Photo shoot in NYC today and meeting with NYC City Council.
Very soon my friend, very soon! RT Can't wait to get my original home.
Hi I mean Poncho. I mean ball of fire.
Hair dryer was shooting out sparks this morning and blew a fuse
At Pickles waiting on and
U can't trade the man that gets the team logo on his back tho!
Y is the game playing a re run tonight...
the fact that that looks like they just took the picture now is what killing me
You was getting it in last night !!
Man colt mcoy need to go we need a real QB even brady quinn was doin betta den him
Hey Christie thanks for follow, like those quotations
hahaha i love you so much
so what actually happens after the set? Nap time? Shower time? Packing up?
The jury in the Sophia Downing case has been sent home for the day. They will cont deliberating Wednesday.
I slept through it, I'm so mad! I hope they put it online. Enjoy your gym reading. ;)
34 Menopause Symptoms - Learn all about each menopausal ...
If people adore chocolate and enjoy preparing chocolate brands and desserts, they must regard acquiring Whey chocolate
oh my gosh rio is a good movie! :"D and it has a alot of good songs in it too drop it low is my fav
Craving sum wings ...
Also, booth #84 at the #latfob. I'm bringing a few copies of your book!
Yea its a good movie! Ahh I fell asleep on you yesturday
Beginning in 1903, Crayola offered one green crayon, simply called “green.”
The OKC Memorial Marathon Celebration will be 4-star after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Picking out my outfit for the day. My vacationmate thinks I'm too conservative (she doesn't know I dance) haha!
Any company any dept. We customize ur teams needs & wants in a management program. We take the word "smorgasbord" very serious
I hate shopping, the crowds of people are just not worth it!
”A collaborative approach” to solving problems M. Lagarde ”Sustainable Growth” w
How long has No.7 been in FtGreene? Spicypickled pork w/onions, scrambledeggs, rice, cremefraiche. Best afternoon (2nd)breakfast in forever.
yeah, maybe one day!
so what ha. I like a nerdy side in a girl ha
Tell us our news media isn't pushing Socialism in the USA, when flashy local "reports" TOUT France's new Socialist Prez!
how ish yew
Scratch that - Shari Ilsen () is on her way.
Spending on mobile advertising is set to grow nearly 50% to top $1 billion in 2011, according to eMarketer.
Who! Lol Who Almost Caught Yu???
i sorry... Lol... I miss ya so much!!!!! We need us some shows together in the summer! Lol I am alone in the world lol jkjk
ignorance is contagious.
Couldn't decide if my schedule would fit a 2nd job but I got one at the clock factory so I can make the time.
Did you know that Mitt Romney's real first name is Willard?
Second son going to the US Naval Academy next year. Starting to make reserv for flights and hotel for parents weekend in August. Exciting!!
A good friend forgives your faults; a lover doesn't see any; a wife or husband always find faults in you.
ying yang twins and jackie o fine
Messenger bag huh? Can you describe it for me? And also the location of Metro lost and found would be helpful.
RT : "World Peace Ejected"—maybe my favorite combination of words I've ever seen on SportsCenter
Contact if you're in need of a songwriter to work with
Today I Learned PEACOCKS FLY ._. Df'
Watched some highlights of Nick Perry. 1st impressions. Dude's Fast doesn't give up on a play.
RIP, Smokin' Joe.
these cramps are fucking killing me.
I wanna date a country girl.
so, are you on?
At a babe Reynolds !!!
I can't watch it . I'm so mad. I have cheer
Linked-ed-ed-in!
Hello People On Twitter
What's your favorite restaurant in Chicago?
I like it already!!
Alright now it's time for the battle of the BucKEYE STATE
Creative Cause lookes good. Relaxed and ready to win!
I see Randall sometimes but I try to stay clear of
must be nice. I'm stuck watching this disaster
Hayward singles to left, as the Braves add to their lead over the Dodgers. 4-2 Top 9th.
Who else is excited? RT : Can't wait 4 & Sat It's gonna b amazing.
LOL my birthday is tomorrow people :3
Hey #PDX...what is your fav resaurant and why?
probably because you're weird. :D
how are you doing?
Do not join hands with el narcissist Diablo.
Writing proposals.
kill that show homie! Be careful smoking with Devin for real Hahaha
From the Mind of Robert H. Clarke opens Friday, July 30 from 5:30 - 7:00 p.m. Free and open to the public!
sorry abt that: People's Derby Party 2moro at 2pm on Payne St; local artwork for sale, home baked goodies; inbox me for more info
little toddler Austin <3 adorable!
Just woke up in a straing place ...how did I get here ..O that's rite I came here last night smh must have been sleepy to sleep here SMH
Lauren and Brian will be performing acoustic at Petes Candy Store in BKLYN.. On January 28th. Hope u can make it.
Perfect springtime combo. RT I see a tart flambee in my future, as a reward for Easter Egg hunt and long bike workout.
Shut up, Unita!
Trenni's Geoffrion story is one of the funniest things I've ever read. Love folks who can poke a little fun at themselves. Love it.
thank you so much my crazy friend :D
It's a mixture a of few very good things and a lack of sleep so bad that I'm close to hallucinations!
Listening to Alfred Street service "Get the courage to do things differently in 2012. Everywhere your feet go, God is with you!"
THE HELP is always in demand. No matter how many copies we get.
Awkward moment when your computer decides to go at the speed of dead turtles during an important conversation. Whoops.
I hate when i have to miss a new episode of BTR!
Ha! at least you have an excuse. :P
my uncle brought Tory talking ass over here. -_-
lol what Rodney say to u
Thanks for the quick reply! We're uber-poor right now...willing to do something pro-bono?
If you could add one sports team logo on your car or helmet what would it be ? Would you want to race F1 next year
Give us a shout at . We'd be happy to participate.
No way in hell sir. Hell N-O. Team Celtics.
Forgot it was the weekend :o THANK YOU GOD NO SCHOOL!!!! Just a few more weeks ;)
That's gives you class AND street cred!
When One Door Closes, Another One Opens!
Hosted a great non-profit panel with , , and Thanks!
clearly tibblet, you are not filled with the holy spirit as Jesus Culture band is. Stop sinning and you wont fall asleep.
gotta love Fish!
All my life, I always wanted to be somebody. Now I see that I should have been more specific. ~ Jane Wagner
What do I do when I have 2 job interviews but I don't really want the first job, & the interview is tmrw & the other on Monday?
Hanging out with Grandpa and Dad watching #Tombstone.... Lots of dog barking in this movie so we are paying close attention!! BARK BARK
LOVE it when I'm asked for The Best Leaf-Peeping Day, THE weekend 4 rhododedrons & if it'll be sunny in June. I have a direct line to G-d?!
I want to cry so bad
I wasn't on twitter all day and get on here to see #Boosie #NotGuilty time for some more hits.
I remember when the young Kobe used to rock the fro. He was #8 then!
yay! last night was a barrel of fun. Thanks for coming out to The Path Cafe last night.
Witness my recent exchange with This is why I love Twitter.
Twitter told me I'm not a *lottery* winner.
but the Pens dont have the pierogi races..
GO GET PANTS. im doing it.
AND he got RED toothpaste on my clean cashmere cardigan which is dry clean only. Ugh.
"u should date him... cause hes not an emotional wall...."
how the hell bra lol i stay by KOD text ma phone ima send u my #
lots of work to get done today! :)
My keyboard dictionary and autocorrect on my phone are so fck$#% ghetto
good man just sleepy
I've been neglecting Twitter again... oh well.
This music, what's up with you :)
Dear , Will your Front Line Service (additional yearly fee) spend 45 min on the phone with little old ladies?
Prom is Friday : )
Thank gosh for fast play on disney movies !
WILL YOU HUG ME THEN <3
Politics pisses me the fuck off
Dreamt last night I'd be late for graduation today.
#nw wedding singer until I doze off for a afternoon nap
great podcast!
For sure the sexy Dolce dress. But of course you look good no matter what!
So uh... I think Nomar is on Baseball Tonight telling Mike Scioscia to bat Pujols leadoff.
love these connections! Cannot wait to get all of you together soon!
Another Agent Joined :)
Texas mostly ===> Where do I find one? I'd like have a little Dirty Perez cc
well it's way better than Germany... Thank God i'm going home in a week
Thank you, Keith! Have a great last of the weekend!
I think we can all agree that the woman clipping her nails on the airplane is a sociopath
at Giants vs Cardinals and thinking of you
Our newest CITYCENTRE restaurant is known for "carving a new experience" in fine dining with their Brazilian hospitality!
. coming up hot!
Who wants to be my GIRLFRIEND ?
People that set their cell phone ring tone to sound like a house phone
Hey! I've listened to some of your stuff, it's really good! How do you make your beats and stuff?
Why not just close Van Ness - Shady Grove and run shuttles? It's gotta be faster.
mine too. Tis awesome...
tweets are #mindblowing to follow!
I hope her story involved a van full of clowns.
... i'm working
If you want to be her prince, you got to treat her like a princess.
I miss our trips, the job, the fun and the awesome times we all had together!
This scar I now have on my back from falling on concrete <<
Hey, its Phillip Hawkins from Palms Vegas for Playboy|Moon|ghostbar Rain reply if your ready for a vacation
beats the fuck outta me. Idiots one & all
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.-unknown
I do believe you should paint your Charger Pink and then wear a necklace of beercans
Where in the world in Hot Chocolate? Keep an eye for her soon!
Depends on the music file format. If the music encoding is compressed, archival compression (like ZIP) will do next to nothing
Glad you enjoyed my article. I'm glad to promote your work
can I get a shout out from the boyz? - Brittany from NY! =))
your welcome ^_^
Patience and fortitude conquer all things. -Emerson
#iUseToThink every person asking for money on the corner was homeless...until one of them jumped into a Hummer after I gave him my last $10.
People who think they are perfect<<<<
Life is sexually transmitted
when I was a kid I always wanted to see the face of the fat lady in "Tom & Jerry"
If this doesn't get you cooking (and bartending) I don't know what will! www.gojee.com (via)
Ok, done, Followback:)
TriMet: MAX tracks are now clear at Lloyd Ctr, and full service is returning to "regular frequency"
OK, let us know. We are looking & "public" plane options.
Who Needs Words, When Forever's In The Silence....
#IActuallyAgreeWithBuster RT : Chipper is an easy first-ballot Hall of Famer.Easy. In fact it'd b inexcusable 2 not vote for him
I'm watching you
SURF: (Pacific Beach) 2-3 ft thigh to waist high POOR CONDITIONS
Do you actually get to go home? Aren't they making you sleep there to make sure you're there by 4:00?
I don't have an attitude problem. You have a problem with my attitude. And that's your problem.
Working with my Dad, A brilliant Mechanical engineer, on on one of those" Damn why didn't I think of that" projects. #Keepingthedream alive.
they jus went #APESHIT when I played that!!!!
Thanks for sharing my stuff girl! :~D You rock my friend
Good Luck!!
No matter what's going on in your life, people are there for you. They are sent by Someone (Mt 28:20) who is always there for you.
no I dont think so
Love you guys too!! Shall I send you the pics we took on Saturday? ;) Must meet up again!
RT : lets start a festival in BFE Wyoming. only band on the bill, Fugazi. tickets $6/day & they'll play 3 sets a day. who's in?
Three cheers for ! RT : Let me tell you is #winning at #bmorefail : Anisha Jagtap! Omgnomnomnom
I'm thinking special teams as in a will-he- won't-he pass punt pooch or run on 4th & 3 situations in punt formatn
hey man...good to see you on the twitter machine!
My house is so hot!! I need power now!!!
Joyce Carol Oates NYS Writer Hall of Fame honoree has her 6th YA bk out in Sept: 2 or 3 Things I Forgot to Tell You
Opened LONG $AUDUSD @ .99483; 12% of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 93% SHORT
ig. morning already? does this happen everyday?
#wmata you fail me once again. Happy Wednesday....
It's a wonderful night for thoseguysvideo
I just finished a 5.46 mi run with a pace of 9'35"/mi and a time of 52:22 with Nike+ GPS.
Hope is wishing something would happen. Faith is believing something will happen. Courage is making something happen. - unknown
So nice out, I'm working on my porch tonight!
no, i don't think he was there, probably working
I've been watching Who Wants to be a Millionaire ever since I was little and I have never seen someone actually win the million dollars...
thanks for the love man!
#history enthusiasts - win a #free copy of Star-Spangled Sailors! when #author has 50 followers she will #giveaway 5 books!
It WOULD rain the morning of my 8am anatomy exam #everything'sjusttheworst
I Am Following Yuh KNow(:
Just held the most precious baby. <3
thanks for sharing!
excellent idea! We'll look into it
did you unfollow?x
someone asked me 'whats ur fave class on monday? me its math even though i hate our teacher..' i answered horseback riding lol
What's your #beonfire all about?
miss you too!! I'm gonna come watch one! I'll call you tonight :) give Bossy kisses for me!!
Great 1st day
U all readyy called me stupid putting it hat way
it certainly is amusing.
Ohio Chautauqua tonight - Lima, 6pm, OSU-Lima campus -- meet Mary Walker Edwards, Civil War surgeon!
named Hugo lol
Well said Madea : )
Great job! Changing your eating habits too or just focusing on working out? It's easier for me to work out than give up bad food
At pharmacy, girl on cell: "Dad, my birth control and Paxil used to be free and now they want a $95 copay!"
The greatest discovery of my generation is that man can alter his life simply by altering his attitude of mind. James Truslow Adams
Clemson All-American WR Arrested on Drug Charges
Just saw the preview for Snow White and the Huntsman. Badassery. Fo sho.
hey, it's the gift and the curse...
Awesome so far, already looking forward to u and to put up some more big numbers against the Skins Monday night!
you're a five year old
followed follow back =)
Thanks for the chat and the info
haha I was good huh?
Police road block on Shepard Road, Saint Paul.
I love dat smoothness wen I shave my legs
Yeah email us some dates & times that work!
A week and a half of school left. I GIVE UP.
He relates to her the way he relates to Sally. Joanie's not hoodwinked...
I'm taking my mom to her 1st Timbers game. Is it weird that I am more excited to show her the Timbers Army than the actual game?
Ok I think I need to step away from the UVA waiting list post (my tied dream school) because all these kids are way smarter
that's what you get for sharing such delicious meat. I know sharing is caring and all, but prosciutto is too damn valuable
Its Friday :)))
The Gophers miracle run to the Big Ten championship begins now
Somebody's got to say it: The Royals are in first place.
Polls have found, though, that on some issues black evangelicals and white ones take opposite positions.
Traffic is unbelievable in Houston, srsly??? an urban planning intervention is much needed
I hope you had a wicked awesome weekend. See you at work tomorrow!
NICE! must come tour :)
Volleyball game<U+E409>
I'll try again tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
byebye, bike ride with the bestest
Everyone. Go look at new avi, I photoshopped it.
Now Mark Horvit, IRE executive director, is about to start a seminar on computer-assisted reporting and working with Excel.
Got an email from with a link to chapel videos. Yours was there.
my dentist is playing REO Speedwagon in an effort to further intimidate with instruments of torture, I suspect.
Thank you so much for sharing! We love to see that you're seeing us in the community! Way to #LiveUnited, have a great day!
take tons of tours....they are SO much fun! If u need suggestions for fun spots let me know
. on successes of RIAA, MPA etc. in setting their agenda. Comprehensive global game plan.
#AintNobodyGotTimeForDat : I wish was our graduation speaker
there's a Vietnamese restaraunt over on 3rd st that will take it, I'm sure. Lol. That's so wrong!
I just discovered your show, now I'm having more vitamins and trying to be wheat free... Keep working hard, you're doing great!
Heyz !!! im following u now (: follow back ? (: and plus i think ur really cute <3
Coach #BelieveThat my starting 5 free agents all opted out choose to stay and play fa the team #Ambition I love it!
I saw THE RAID with a crowd of multilingual movie talkers. Not ideal.
how is Sean doing??
congrats, and welcome to the beginning of the #RDApocalypse!
Now that Oreo box looks god!
it's 5 o'clock somewhere.. breaking out some moscato. who says wine and packing don't mix?
great meeting you
During a Cubs broadcast, the late Harry Caray said: "There's Marla Collins & she's not wearing her shorts today." Do you remember?
Thanks Mama Em!
What else are u not telling me?
thank you cesar! :)
Noticing how much better twitter is without the autogenerated content...
Yo...good seeing the bruhs today man...The wife LOVES the gift man...Thanks for that.
Just reminded my son whos "Mr. Miagi "and whos "daniel son"..
A lot of things to do #FINALS !
it'll blow your mind! think we should wait to share though so we don't jinx anything!
First final done, first assignment turned in, went to the dr, got meds.. all before 10am. I think I deserve a nap before I keep studying!!
John Davidoff says: "Train your employees to be ambassadors for your brand. Particularly for entrepreneurial firms, they ARE the brand.
well when you talk about #TheNewWave ....... Lol
The music in the Joe Starbucks blows this morning. Less sax and harmonica noodling please.
I dont wanna take the ap test tomorrow
OH...I forgot to wear green, today. Do you think that ANYONE has pinched me?? No. Nobody. Not one single human. St. Patty's Day is dumb.
Just got here:) RT : Hi Marilyn, (also a #KBIS #Blogger panel member) good to see you here. I
According to newtons laws if my dick goes up you must go down.
Need auto #repair? Let us help on your auto maintenance through
Going to the festivals this weekend? Tweet us pictures of you & your friends #PracticingJoy off the mat ;-)
I love you so much <U+2665> And one day - with that I'm sure - you'll follow me (:
Lindsay Wells family still waiting for a dig to bring her home. Family needs local help Simi PD
love it!
Neurofeedback... Let's hope this is it.
RT : Where do educators who teach writing and composition gather on Twitter? Social networks? Lesson plans? Please share....
Financial Services Industry Rallies Around OpenMAMA Project as It Delivers First Release
yeah I am. You moved here?
Wouldnt give people the Honor of saying they saleing dreams. Those are illusions. Mind Fukery.
So I'm in Denver, Colorado!!! Big Ups to the Majestics at the Lowrider Show ;) ->KimBeezy<-
From The two most important priorities should be teachers and leaders in schools
Yeah its bad when a girl never talks to you after sex but she tries to play it off and be sweet about it! Guys u fucked yourself too!
The CGI looks VERY rough...sure it will be tweaked. But the more I see, the less I'm excited. Much catch-up for marketing team
She thinks I hate her but at the end of the day I love my bestest with all of my heart and would do anything for her..
I understand now(:
Get your mosh on Dayton, OH. Did You Mean Australia? Live @ The Attic tonight!
Car accident tips: take pictures before cars are moved, file report with DMV within 10 days, & file your no fault application within 30 days
Props to NY for setting a positive example! This is indeed what it means to be All-American - #marriageequality FTW!
oh no!! That sucks!
If there is a hole in the bucket it can't hold water...
Lol i fuck w the new name RT : Wtf is happening in this game right now lol
finally home and can sleep
when I wake up way late and look like crap <<<
Let's go Sharks!
Tim Timminy, Tim Timminy, Tim Tim Terry. Let's give him some support.
Lots of airfare sales from West Coast Cities #Seattle, #Portland, #San Francisco to #Maui. Major airlines.
then take it back for us!
yeaa boy! He got a 06' ford f 150 !!
RT : Oh. RT : the Knicks taking this to a game 7. I'm telling you
Followed! :D
looks fabulous!
I can't take it . I have so much on my mind, so much going on. Its too much . I'm going to explode .
That's awesome! I want to hear all about it!
Just ordered a new hoodie PLUS a free throwback demo CD AND a free Radical Something sticker pack.
Congratulations again to our winners and nominees of 2012 WFA!!! Results are up on our website! Be sure to read our WFA article as well!
I love my followers RT
“: You are more likely to get throat cancer from oral sex than you are from smoking.” I knew it!!
Come and get your Tuesday Tips! Get a Box of Tips, Large Fry, and 2 Liter of Soda for $13.99. It is impossible to walk away hungry!
I'm so sad, I found my prized Koi "Monster" floating lifeless. His little heart could not contain his beauty anymore...
Great weekend. Much needed family time. #little things mean a lot.
hope you're getting drunk off some alcoholic giblets right now, hippy barthday!!
We hope you get some Island Frydays! We deliver to the Clifton area!
Celebrate the happiness that friends are always giving, make every day a holiday and celebrate just living! -Amanda Bradley
Extra Innings......
yes. Lord knows I need a couple of those or a 12 pack haha
Students learn best, and engage more, with inquiry-based learning that puts real-world experience in their own hands.
and commizzes to the rafa folks. though i wanted fer to win, i know watching a fav lose is never fun. but onward to roma.
#np "Going back to Cali"- Biggie
I'm thrilled for you!! Glasses are a pain in the ass LOL
emphasizes #integratedcontent on SM: "Don't let it become stilted." Thanks for talking to my class!
Good night twitter peeps!
Oh my good!!! The things we artist go through just to get noticed....
I'll keep you posted.
The key to successful lighting is to not see the source of light,but just the effect it creates.
Sounds like a great idea! RT : Stop by and grab some grub for your peeps! #ajbtogo :)
love is like a rubber band.. held at both ends by 2 people.. when one leaves, it hurts the other.. :(
Thanks to willeye from #coffeerun for the yummy turkey sandwiches at schlitz park!
RT SouthSideiRep_ maan, is there anything money cant do
Hart of Dixie because Rachel Bilson is FLAWLESS ... Upset about Ringer but will live
Newt or Ron? Who will it be?
I need a six month holiday, twice a year ~
Road trip to the US Open at Bethpage Black. Do your sun dances.
So sad about #SteveJobs passing today. The most incredible innovator of our time has passed
I like dogs
RT : Social Media in museums creates a network of relationships--between the museum and audiences and among peers.
u gotta hear this new EP tho....
Idk some of them Amish girls are lookers, so I can't promise that. But if we go I might buy you a cowboy hat
It's ok, I was just telling K cause she asked me to come over. this morning i found out i scheduled my math class at the wrong
as of this week, we have two new community network uplinks in my neighborhood! thanks hostel and spaulding court!
Thanks for the RT! Hope you have a great weekend.
The more people talk about you the more I want you.
charged for a bracelet I have not received and it cannot be tracked!
One we both know of from yrs of personal exp is Latoya brown-jones at brownsugar salon lithonia ~ek
Reality Check: was viable protest for 7-8days before it fractured into junkie camp vs"Book of the Month Club"
Thank you Milan. Would you like to come to a residence course in Fairfield Jan 2-5: ultimate in rest! 773 324 8695
When you talk to your guy best friend the whole day and not realizing the time.
lions and tigers and bears, oh my! Have fun!!
If you didn't no Greg motley favorit line is I ain't in it
Yeah bitch, yeah bitch I'm the boss! Ain't no condom on my money I don't fuck with the cost!
Thinking of subjects to blog about... Are there any questions/things, you'd like to know about me?
what's up with the follow back
Might come from me, might come from
#kids Anime Club at Irving Central Library, Sun, May 13 2:00p: Fans of Asian popular culture ages 14 years and older are invited to watch...
I'm looking for a yoga class Thursday at 8p in East Portland. I've looked at 50 studios but haven't found any. Any suggestions?
Well, I'm still waiting to hear your brilliant analysis on economics. Calling me ignorant is weak.
Also....someone complained on my FB timeline about finishing an 8 page paper tonight. Dude....we did that in high school.
Did you find your phone. Llama me de tu casa.....?
#20FactsAboutMe I love my coaches so much, they seriously have helped me out so much this past year.
p911 means parent alert, and pos mean parent over shoulder. two text acronyms that should set off your radar if you see them.
You'd think that the well educated, well dressed, and well spoken are the ones driving the luxury cars... No... Not in Miami. No.
Hey, leave alone. You NEVER leave #j202!
9. #Braves 2 #Brewers 1 | The Brewers come close / but can't get over the hump / late game surge falls short.
If you missed our Minority Biz event make sure you check out the BBJ BizVid on our site. baltimore.bizjournals.com
whats that on his leg?
do you want a photo of my favorite one??(;
Theres a feeling inside that I want you to know. You are the one and I can't let you go.
Burning 400 calories at the gym means I can eat in-n-out.
Annoying moment: when professors, who aren't busy, judge my paper like writing teachers, and they don't put effort to actually read it.
no not you
Marlins winning!
hahaha I like only know John seena hahaha and the undertaker hahah
New location! Come visit our kiosk in Town Square (now near Sephora)! New super cute cell phones cases! Get 'em while they last! <3
he said we were "misteriously hiding something" cause we didn't tell him my doctors name.
The suggestion of Babysitters Club isn't Kindergarden age..the "junior" version of them with Karen is meant for 3rd grade
good times
I love both my parents so freakin muchh. <3
Im alredy following.
You always fall for the most unexpected person at the most unexpected time.. & sometimes for the most unexpected reason
XD I literally just busted out laughing
RT : Hey GET TO THE POINT & Tweet soon!
Was going to head to SJ to cover the StrikeForce card but decided to go for the Ghost fight there instead.
player not playin esp wen they r gettin paid MILLIONS to do so.
Gaming out with the little bro :)
With St. Croix bridge headed for approval, just one more pathway for Wisconsites to swarm across our borders to the good life in Minnesota.
It's storming out?
Show this tweet to the manager, Mark, today and receive one free house wine or well cocktail.
Why do young people so often define themselves in terms of what they don't like?
New listing coming up in Aliante....
Long ass day.
all while Big Foot is holding a honey badger.
I do miss the one i used to call my best friend though... Whomp Diddly Whomp.. Hoes will be Hoes LOL
Such a congenital liar & fraud!
I need something to punch.
you should do a Drake song.(:
If having guy friends and hanging out with them makes me a slut, then im a slut. guys are easier to get along with.
And finally : Zeke, The Lemons with Redneck Girlfriend
Hey thanks once again for another great article in the Networker. "commercial actors should never!"
Valentine's is only 6 days away...what are you getting your sweetie?
#InMiddleSchool There was a lot more time to sleep.....in class
Off to bed.. Spending the day with my babie tomorrow<3 goodnight!
Break time ! :)
Wrist: swollen wrist
my boys have done training. Very funny and cute. We just got off rockin roller. Best coaster anywhere. LOVE
Be sure to stop by Magoons tonight and take in the sounds. We have a full night ahead of us.
Just saw your movie My Mom's New Boyfriend. Sorry it took 4 yrs to see it. Funny movie. I almost forgot, Thank You Netflix! :D
Hopefully not in lawn ornament form being randomly place throughout SE WI. :-)
Thanks for following here on tweeter and add me as friends!
“: ": Hebron's coach can eat shit." and #3 #7 #20 #0 #26 And the entire crowd” aye I made the list!!!
im a unicorn
My FV shirts came in two days after I ordered them! Fast delivery
she was bogus as hell for that ...
we had 4 at the questlove set; where's that stat?
Think about that somethin to ponder on
Hi there! So glad u found me. LOL
Hopefully this tutoring helps lord knows I need it..
Happy Easter guys!!
Which write up!? And it's hard to call any song on that album it's "best." Every song is great.
Enjoyed How Much Does Your Bldg Weigh, interesting portrait of fascinating guy, and then BOOM, those buildings.
lol morning here :)
Lookin' good very passionate speech at #bibliotech12 about the road ahead for
Bosh is soft. Once he's body'd, he is useless.
heck yeah you were!! One of the lucky few.
they should :)
OMG #BeyondTrayvon Child is murdered & they background checked him but not Zimmerman.
Everybody that works at this airport is suspect to some Mormon activities
Had an awesome time eating sliders and some of the best sea salt caramels I've ever had yesterday!
It started as a crush.& ended up meaning everything in my life.
tweetin u and and listenin to music
I THINK NIGGAS REALLY WANNA FIGHT IF YOU UNFOLLOW THEM. #CTFU DATS SAD!
Alone in a crowded room, screaming but no one hearing. Taking but no one listening
Lots of grading done today. So very proud of
. said: So sad about HBO's #weightofthenation and #APA #fathating agenda et al. in this country.
lmaoo i wish! But no my friend mikey lmfao:p
registered for courses today at yet another university... I'm not sure if I am crazy, but I look forward to taking classes again.
Where would this world be without Marlyn Monroe ,Dolly Parton,Madonna ,Lady GaGa If these girls don`t prove blondes have more fun who does!
#10ThingsIFindAttractive When guys kiss you on your forehead
Oh no! Where are you? We have a delivery service too!
oh okay....well let me call GM then
I LOVE those books.
I hate Wisconsin more than any other school in the country... they drive me nuts
Don't come at me reckless & then apologize. Fucking dumb asses.
Driving to DMB @ jones beach to listen in the parking lot and drink some beers.
I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university
The people at the nursing home were so nice :)
I'm gonna have a hissy fit if gaga doesn't perform DITD at the BTW ball... I fucking need that song
i did blister from that glass.
ya do u guys go to tfa
How's VA treating you?
Cheers to all the good work you're doing!
so many of my students exert themselves in excuses, but not in effort. :( Actually have a very good batch this semester.
yes!!! When are you getting your ticket?
i feel sick.$
#ArtFact: At school Claude Monet was seen as a rebel. Instead of working he would draw caricatures of his teachers and friends.
Season Of The Witches!
This whole, "moving on to the next phase of my life by graduating" thing didn't seem like such a big deal until I started packing.
I hate english!
Goodnight everyone! c:
I feel like such a bad person!!
Got to be kiddin me
Saw former Pres Bill Clinton speak tonight at UCLA. Talk about a beautiful mind. Amazing speaker. Very inspirational.
Social media is where marketing and human psychology intersect. If anyone tells you they are an expert at it. That is questionable.
Next week is Cupcakes for a Cause! We're donating a portion of all proceeds to CancerCare for Kids! Come in for great cupcakes-pass the word
www.slobbersnaks.com for all natural doggie biscuits
Time to bring in Rick Vaughn
I refuse to lose, I run off jet fuel..
Tell that guy to get on Twitter. He's got a lot of good nonsense to spout.
RT : #FF to for his informative webinar this week! "Marketing is a spectator's sport. Watch and learn every day."
Big "cheesey" smile & THANKS to #photography for offering to take 360 #photos of the Homeless Coach interior - bettern #3D!
Wake up students by asking why they came to school - if "had to" is heard, change their psyche to "wanted to" via your actions.
I just won a million dollars from Or a beer from the fridge. Haven't decided yet.
countdown to beach trip,,, 37 days!
yeah that was crazy! I was talking about this picture someone posted of what looked that a dead bloody Justin :(
you both are pretty gay. Get into twitter once I say twitter is cool. I remember early 2010
where the hell was the booth? U gonna be there tomorrow?
#doritoslocostaco is the greatest invention. Ever.
It's 2:48 after the Turf Club and I wrote a "to do" note to myself that reads: "Sleep in."
Gaaahh of course u mess up my order >:( im soo hungry!
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. -Franklin D Roosevelt
meeting coming up.....lots to do!
I saw that headline yesterday. Any word on who's gonna replace her? RT : Pat Summitt steps down as Tennessee women’s coach
Happy hump day folks! Enjoy it with some freshly tapped brews, like 's "Admiral" Stache and Weekend at Louie's for your enjoyment!
Growing you business needs to be energizing not exhausting, enjoyed not endured, embraced not evaded.
we are grassroots organization dedicated to the empowerment of regular people from our neighborhoods in the city of pittsburgh
it's elitist to make condescending snarky remarks implying I don't believe in helping people. Everyone needs help
Jovovich is rooting for the help, which was originally titled "white people solve racism!"
"I'm probably playing a clan right now"-anybodys who's ever lost at call of duty
she already loves me. just because she chooses not to retweet or reply to me doesnt mean she doesnt love me
Vegetarians don't hug trees. They eat them.
My neighborhood wack and quiet
So who else is done with finals? I wanna do something!
let's go haha
how is the unca and syracuse game even this close?! i know they're without fab melo, but seriously.
Santorum is not getting out of this race anytime soon.
I also went to bouncing bears today and an 8 yr old jumped up and hit me in the eye with his head I hope I dnt get a black eye
The summer jam must balance between being in your face monster and suitable background music.
We will be running all over the place at this weekend so we will have guest tweeting along with
I just finished a 3.09 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
I find it funny that, even as technology has increased to allow crystal clear and quick video streaming, .GIFs are now the rage. Ohai 1996.
Alli Simpson Is Perfect! Help trend it!
Truman Capote is my new bed fellow. (And he's excellent).
Women are like the police: They can have all the evidence, but they still want a confession.
Okay. you have a clothing line, ( but you don't brag ) you promote....
People still talking about Carmelo Anthony's playoff record in the ultimate TEAM SPORT? C'mon...
have found packing-beast to be quite a formidable foe...if only I could compress (or zip???) all my belongings and digitally ship them.
I follow blog too! Small world! Still thinking of my OLW 2012... Love yours!
Merry Christmas!!
I is not gonna walk with u in dat.
Spongebob Squarepants is selling his pineapple..needs more
Checking out the Photoshop #CS6 beta today along with video reviews. Although I use this program every day, its capabilities still amaze me.
thank you :)
Rendón: If we create a vision of life we don't like, we need to dismantle it and make it better!
the bachelorette season started??!
Is it August yet?!
omg Loren just breathe! It'll all be okay act normal! You will do great I promise<3 I have faith in you!
worst call ever. THE YELLOW TEAM SUCKS!!!!!!!
Thanks David :) hope you have an awesome night!!
Isn't it? It's like they lack a high angle, whole field camera.
i love you guys! follow me??
Goodnight,peace!
jajajajajaja I.I no?
Everyone on my team including coaches probably have a bad perception about me and prom last night. Lol didn't even do nothing
We were shining like lighters in the dark in the middle of a rock show <3
Celebrity's who make up world peace songs...<
You had your chance but you blew it, & still I loved you even though it hurt me but now ive opened my eyes..
Listening to #TheWeeknd. :) Bout to stuff my face before I start my cleanse tommorow.
Seeing you today just ruined my day... completely.
I'll get right on that....:P
how you been?
If you guys don't have anything better to do than talk about me I'm actually really sorry for your relationship.
I kno I say lot of shit on here but ppl get on my nerve's & always throw old things in my face like 1 of my ex's did... That's y there ex's
Hi Ducky, can you please translate "Tasty Barbeque" in Russian for us?!
All that is gold does not glitter; not all those that wander are lost.
My boo is black, but that tweet is
Auguri! To "provocative" I'll add "insightful" too, though expect that goes without saying. Look forward to reading.
Money over everything #PaperGang all day every day
don't forget the doritos
Go Crew!!
<U+2665>Everyone Tune into the NEW Dance Moms tonight! It's an amazing|funny|entertaining show! WatchItWatchItWatchIt!!<U+2665>
Penn and CKB are brewing a Belgian Tripel IPA at 7:30! Stop in to lend a hand!
what's Kevin's last name and the morehouse guys name?
How was your drive in the electric ?
These blockhouses made a perimeter of the main settlement to provide refuges, observation posts, and rallying points in the case of attack.
Wow bob Bradley is a trending topic is this good publicity for mnt?
I listen to you everyday, but I hate how much I love you.
Will you quit hiding like a fucking puss? Stop making different accounts to bully people who could care less about you.
Just now waking up
Can I just tell you how proud I am of the Teen Film 101 class? You all did fantastic work today!!!!
We can do anything we want to do if we stick to it long enough. -Helen Keller
thank u :)
Is there an online link for the collection interactive?
We have extra DISCOVER PASSES for and , and we're giving them away for FREE. Interested? Tweet us or send a DM!
you probably just like shoes I've never heard of ya
we all love you as well!!
Arizona highways are so pretty
Olympian Randi Miller scary wrestler just bulldozed thru Molly's striking defense to push her up against the cage for 3 rds
I know you know
Not to rub it in anyone's face, but having an extended-family-free Thanksgiving in LA with friends. Suckers!
it sounds like Jesus and a unicorn having sex!
RT Happy Saturday
Best. Field trip. Ever. I offically love #bluemangroup. <3
Love that stick shifts are making a comeback! My first car (that I still drive) is a manual and I love it!
The best part was the sense of freedom and great expectations buoyed along by the music it gave to so many young people.
RT : No matter what accomplishments you make, somebody helped you. -Althea Gibson
Before You Unfollow Me Let Me Know So I Can Return The Favor <3
Thanks. For the follow!
I have seen your dirty hit on #4 And heard your recording leaving field ,BYE,BYE when R.G done!No Bounty B.S
Mom passed away this morning.
You bet that was a good response. That woman is so striking. She's perfect. :)
Thanks for the kind words! I don't take the negativity personally, it's just one of the unfortunate quirks of the Internet.
Do you find it more difficult to hypnotize a close-friend or relative in comparison to a new acquaintance or stranger?
Never a dull moment! RT : "Fun" is one way to put it. ; )
Tonight just can't get here fast enough!!!
We have HUNDREDS of pieces of gorgeous jewelry (fine, semi-precious, chunky, vintage, victorian, etc.). Contact us with e-mail address.
Good Luck to you and the rest of the team....
Oh boy....Eli is awesome...but SNL is gonna suck. Just saying.
cockroach I have no mercy!!!
amen! I got noticed by jasmine villegas i dont need to put in my bio it wont make my account better! :)
I'd wish our precalc class would shut the fuck up!!!!!!!
who the hell is Tom Palmer, and when did he mix our album? I'm board (sic) with this review.
Night everyone!!!
An ant has no quarrel with a boot.
Big night, cocolate, culinary dvds & theme suppers- gifts from the hearth
How bout you stop being so jealous n back the fuck off. Everything u texted her is exactly everything I already told her. Ah fucking asshole
Tony Parker's game is smooth
I'm watching Wizards Of Waverley Place:) #swaaggie!!!
New "SNO" Clothing Coming Soon. www.SnoClothing.com
CJ is so lucky to have such distinguished alumni! Love you on Savage and your work in general. You're an inspiration! xx
haha why do I always have to txt u first? U lose my # again?
Gig time!
Good try ORLANDO !! It's HEAT and PACERS RD 2 #letsgo !!!
Your connection to your inner child is very important and can bring you many gifts.
My phone may have died...permanently. Please email or FB message me if you need to contact me.
And people wonder why I am single...these men are crazy
its so fun :)": Ohh i've fine that :D": for the first time my parents and grandparents took shots with me :')""
Damn, be goin into relationships expecting to be played
April is ’s Prevention of Animal Cruelty Month. How will you celebrate?
Just got back from city hall. No one there. Early summertime glut?
yup ill try
Fact: Obama NEVER published a single scholarly article on Law. He was ELECTED to law review. He is NOT a legal scholar-- just a politician.
are you going to graduation?
1st Clue: Harmonica. 2nd Clue: Wire harmonica holder around neck.
Picked up O'Reilly SQL pocket guide at Barnes & Noble tonight - more to the syntax than just SELECT FROM WHERE . . .
what beach are you heading to today ? Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today! I hope I get to meet you. Iloveyou 13
What breed of horse is best!?
Stressed! Not a fun feeling!!
Just got back from #blackhawks game. Minus last 10 minutes most boring playoff game I've been to. No hussle till end
Maybe George Clooney could host a fundraiser with the president and use the money toward the deficit?.....just sayin'
watching and boy is it storming outside in ohio
Looking fwd to this Thursday! #BaconBourbonFlip will make its 1st appearance! & I have to figure out my xt ticket for #Baconfest 2012
I had a scoop of #babycakes cinnamon raisin ice cream tonight and thought of you :)
can't cope when half my biscuit falls into my coffee :(
Found my phone!!!!!! Woo hoo
Yo man.. How you doin? Yo might wanna get with my dude Founder of Check him out, kid is A+ for real.
looking forward to hanging with you at the conference and learning more about how your going to make AVID even better!
Become a fan of our facebook fan page and we will keep you updated about our grand opening!! www.facebook.com/wokmasrtersbymoy
I'm as excited as when he found out its ok to crave a mans butthole I think
That is pretty awesome.
you gonna bring up the grope box again this week?
Isn't that what Twitter's for? Lol. I have almost 1,500 followers, so suck it. ;)
Nice additions! If only the Shoreland were still open, a liquor license would guarantee a stream of late-night traffic.
Special s/o to for all of the support!!! The Human Service Fair was great!!!
almost everyone here has two devices going. pretty amazing.
Hey sweetie, you didn't blow them speakers did you, lol
probably so lol
I wish it was that advanced
ya his ass got blocked for that one. fvckdabears
thank you!!! Having great time.
I'm getting lot o direct message saying some one starting a rumor about me
Non Timetis Messorem => Don't Fear the Reaper
I have. Yes. Practice key. Get materials translated beforehand. Get input from translator about concepts.
Waiting on true love is like waiting on an interview. Either u except the one that excepts u or wait on an interview that may not come true
NBA refs suck. How does Chandler get a flagrant on his screen in game 1 and Anthony doesn't get anything called on him?
#Life why do you despise me so much, is it cause im young fly & talented? Lol..
I'm a cow. Deal with it.
Can't believe I have to cheer for Eli & the Giants to beat the Jets to improve the San Diego Chargers chances to reach the NFL playoffs.
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Savanna Hockman for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 16U Team
aw okay :) lol
Looks like up the road isn't waiting. Hoping they'll share ideas.
Your such a fuck up.
heard it on the radio this morning and liked it
Oh shoot!! Just won bingo!!! .....but lost in a dance-off to a coked-out asian stripper...
That song always makes me think of ___________?
Is Shake Shack too obvious?
reports VAW act to be debated this week.
“: Follow your heart, but always, always bring your brain with you.” Wouldn't mind that 'til it was time to die.Good one though
I hope your doing well :)
Work like you don't need the money, love like your heart has never been broken, and dance like no one is watching.
Quitting your job is always fun.
thanks for following great blog!
thank you!
What's up, Pops?
I tweet more on so if you like our tweets go follow us! :)
I'm trying to help you become less lazy <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Yep, weekend editor!
Report Car time...
i've got a sweet tooth and strawberry youth>.. you wanna be my licourice and misguided truth?? ;)))
Pretty sure Carrie Brownstein just came into Beaker and Flask.
A duck walked up to a lemonade stand and he said to the man running the stand Hey. got any grapes?
hahah home we going to Miami beach in a while to see my uncle ;3
almost done for the night. Do I have energy to read in bed?
of course I'll help you!!
Me with black hair >>
hope you're having a great weekend!!
Some of my best thinking is done by others. - John C Maxwell
I knew I should try & live in this moment as long as possible.There was nothing to lose & everything to gain by being as present as possible
Damn, right on plair u got my folks frm the bay to bk on that thang! Will RT it.
If LA is filled, next options are Portland, Vegas, San Antonio and Birmingham, Ala.
nope I could eat a steak while watching for inc.
SHOUTS OUT TO MY NEW FOLLOWERS!!!!!!!!!!!! MAKE YOUR SELF KNOWN
I'm catching Thrones free online :&
thats a dumb question.
YES HE IS
And whoever drew that is beast. Just sayin.
App Friday!! FREE family friendly apps for the iPhone and iTouch. Check it out at www.momswithapps.com
what the heck rach, don't wanna work with me already? i see how it is.....
Sometimes I'll quiz my dad about what's going on in the show. If he loses I get the remote. If its on your channel then stay awake.
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me justin <311
#CallICONiaczMaybe make it big!!! tell everyone!!
If you could choose your perfect day, how would it be?
hahaha yeah we go to school together!(:
I love full moons.
Maybe Santa has caught you!
Check out our Website for New Year's Eve Menu Upcoming Events Tab
i got stars going down my chest
Later I got some songs to post up on reverbnation. That's right bitch, and you'll like it cuz Stone Cold said so hoe
#ThankYou Peter! It's wonderful to be #Following you!
well you trying to go within the next two weeks?
#cki so dope!
Yep. See if Davis takes the path of solid/team player. Rather than reality tv star who let his selfishness get in the way. TO
I like my chocolate the way I like my men, so rich you want to marry 'em"
David my friend just singed up for the Free ShopBest Membership and tool bar. It enables him to save money without changing his shopping e…
Neumann supporters now speaking
2 white cups & I got that drank ;)
Hardcore punk bands? Ur needed Sun 2/26 in support of DEAD FRIENDS from Boston! Email to play or Please come support
Here in social studies wit thee bestie....want the day to be over with already
Noticing is progress. RT : "Well, that happened." ~ my 3-year-old, upon peeing all over the carseat
Eating at kams drive. Honey dew melon and garlic chicken..
Wow, don't think it could be done. RT : Today in 1966, Pet Sounds and Blonde on Blonde both released. Hard to top that.
Anyone know any working remedies to cure the hiccups.
Thanks for honoring the memory of Little Joe Noyes -- one of the cmany heroes of WWII
I'm realizing being 16 has a bunch of responsibilies -.- Ah.
Sure................Unsure, I loved that commercial back in the day!!
Come on guys
Just finished dinner at the Gumbo Shop
It's snowing at my mom's place in Madison County, N.C., right now. Weird. cc
good to see you. thanks for coming through!!!
Highly dependent! I knew it was out, yet I kept opening the computer for things, then remembered, no that requires Internet.
Love u Girl....Cant wait for you to come back to LA.... We will Make u some Bank
Thanks Angela!
Aries on the dark side: Selfish and quick-tempered Impulsive and impatient Foolhardy and daredevil
Must DVR the Bachelorette tonight! , you excited? Happy mothers day btw! xo :)
Ate my kong kong. keeping the cat in line, standing guard by the door. I is one busy dog. I need a vacation.
Nice! He did my booth at PAX West 2011. Those guys are some of the best problem solvers out there.
wow! That's unreal!
Come on newcastle!
This thunder and lighting is scaring the shit out of me!
hey Jen... or should I say Professor!!! How are things with you??
Now Shelly... youre supposed to be the social networking guru... ;-)
lost 0.5 pounds since her last weigh-in! She's lost 8 pounds so far.
I have a stupid ass amount of work to doo
Quintin carter is the only ex #tu player that I like!!! #GOBRONCOS we balance him with and the #Aggie cancels him out! :)
Good luck to BHS.dance today... Swagg it out!
now following because of Rahim<3
I <3 the tea you gave me. Seeing you was the best!!
Just had pancakes for the first time in a long time. Damn near almost cried
There is a hell, and it is called "monkey joe."
:-) .twitter got i since backwards tweeting been i've but upside-down about know don't i
Mimi:did someone paint the sky? Me:no Mimi:how'd it get so blue? Donovan:we trust banks with all our $-but they chain their pens? #I<U+2665>MyKids
Painful as it is, it's a good problem to have.
I am, and I have thought about it but they get itchy. I'm balled, too so I already save on shampoo and I don't own a comb. :)
Comon this all starters when Hillary got mad at her broker...look at the SEC filings for the Leamen Bro's BK ADNAN SAKLI . $$
I bought my ticket!!
...so close to the weekend. Can't wait til summer where everyday is the weekend.
I park so perfect.
": I kno u can sit there and act like everything good when it really ain't...I show no love tho....m oh well"
The gong show of SOPA/PIPA is just one more example that people that write bills don't understand the industries they write bills for
We have a story! Two high school teachers trying to change Democracy! Let's talk!
Mark your calendar: February 4th Roller Rink outing. Email, call or facebook us for more detail.
Yep that is pretty helpful. I love the free Yale Lecture Series also available through their site.
Ohh yeah. Haha am I still an afghanistan person?
How about a Home Alone movie where Macaulay Culkin is the dad and he leaves his kids at home because that's all he knows?
Aw. Too bad. Rest in peace, Davy Jones. Thank you for all the sweet songs.
That sounds wickedly epic.
thanks so much Axl. I was front row center and loved every minute!!! See you again soon!
he must not be from el paso lololo----> “ All the sexy Mexicans at walmart tonight>>>>>”
Downtown Madison Tenants Snow Emergency tonight 1 - 7 - park on the odd side of the street tonight or get ticket! Parking Ramps free 9p - 7a
Anyone seen the new 'walking part of your journey may be quicker during the games' marketing posters by TFL? ..... Seriously ?!
i apologize i dont recollect yur name.
He only loves you because its the 1st....by the 15th you'll be single AGAIN!
been good. Did you get the pic I sent you?
Thanks for the you brought by the station yesterday! Awesome brand design and packaging by !
Seriously though, I don't want to sit here eating and watching movies by myself. I'm sure I have other friends lol
Who uses #advocare products? Feedback/suggestions/tips/favorite products?!
from now on the only female i'll spent my money on is my mama str8-up
my bff and I declare addicted to you and not an obsession is a lifestyle.we love you madly
you have taught me to #neversaynever and to #makeachange! :D i LOVE you!! <33 ps. Please Follow Back xoxo
What time we supposed to be at school?
So excited too... All my friends are tuning in!
You falling asleep on me >>>>
Just had a flood of indie genre authors follow me. Hm.
Awww. Thanks!!! Better do some research on Patty Hearst ;)
People want to see you do better, but not better than them.
CONGRATULATIONS!!!! MAHOMIES LOVE YOU!!<3 to celebrate this special time you should upload the rest (c)
I dunno maybe. Timing is bad though n folks typically camp out for their warehouse sales. Not trying to do that.
Ah. Now I got it! Thanks for the tip.
THANKS for the WORLD CHANGING Event! I know w/o a doubt that by next year I will be at 7 Figures b/c of the info! THANKS!
Unfortunately, we are not taught the five principles of healthy relationships instead they are learned by trial and error
it looks like u and tj really hit it off
I still haven't gone to sleep....
jim parsons is so cute~ ~
Have a whole bunch of appointments today and my phone decides not to work ... really? fuck you cell phones
drinks. Lunch. rewards. Let's do this!
YES. YES. YES. YES. YES!
why. aren' you mad at me?
Poor Dick Clark. :(
We are open today 3-7pm. Come and see what's new at NewVox, like, wine bottle ornaments and functional pottery. See you soon.
GM! I respect what you do.
drinking in the park
#thatminihaeartattackwhen labels do not go on new VANITY bottles product 1st order
A Semester of Adventure : Spring Break
Fiber and llama loam supplier Paige of Lower Sherwood Farm is "Baking for the Scottsville Market again."
“: So nice to meet u! RT : Con #fordmiamilatism #latism”
Lord, I thank you for loving me just the way I am! Where others see flaws, You see beauty. #Amen!
Pierce Hornung #beast... Saw it many times, every team needs a Pierce Hornung, few players want to be that guy!!
Patty Mills has 6 points. The Spurs lead the Suns 23-20 with 2:27 left in the first quarter.
It Takes 21 Days To Make A Habit . And 21 Days to forget That Habit
“: 2k tournament! At everybody neck lol. #KB24 time”where?
Doors are open for #frogsatfitz! If you didn't RSVP you can still get FREE tickets at the box office ! Show at 7!
Played a little poker at a friends Christmas party. Chips were only worth prizes...but I quadrupled the starting amount before the night !
Lmao he asked her for gas money. Bwahahaha
Your boss must not have twitter
I am convinced that at the heart of Jesus teaching and ministry is a challenge for all of us to allow God to be God.
unfortunately the Cowboys won't be winning one anytime soon. Regardless, metroplex still > bay area. Erin Gillum says hello.
Call us if you are in foreclosure or behind on your mortgage payments - we can help you save your home - free consultation - (909 890-0105
After fertilizing, thoroughly water your roses. If desired, you can apply two inches of mulch around the
has to bo one of the if not the sexiest woman alive!!
Yeah, I found the silly little black battery bag. I packed out in the wrong place. Phew, found. :-)
Listening to too much Radiohead
Lol I had to MUTE joe buddens for a minute...smh simmer down pimp, for a celeb u have too much time on your hands
Breck is having his thyroid tested right now. Maybe we'll know soon if he has a problem or if he's just fat
We have got to get Prestige Worldwide going.
Thanks for the follow!
How are you showing that you give a shit? By thinking it is up to Obama?
Wish I had u in my arms
I expect to see the best cowboys on the field today than any other time in your career. Cowboys live up to your name and go
Having dinner with my family at La Tratoria in Greenwood tonight...best steaks anywhere!!! Can't wait!
I know we're all thinking same thing watching Lexus commercials as woman runs out on xmas & receives 2cars. Where did they buy that big bow?
ahahaha i know! thank god (:
Who's going to be the 1000th Sunpop follower? Songs shall be written of your adventures. Your name... only spoken in reverent whispers.
One week left
I am a fan of Reese!
. Love that venue! Enjoy.
aah yes! Love this place. They know me now. Still best pie in LA :)
do your science work
Join us to make calls with to turn out voters against Brian Bilbray tonight! 5:30pm, Hilton Bayfront, Room Sapphire L
damn right. I like your style
I feel you! i got three oh em.
thanks for the RT
Busy planning fall events!
Excited for my parents' arrival tonight. Gonna be a crazy fun 10 days!
If you use Christ as the standard, then use Him as the standard for everything. Not just what conveniences your side of the argument.
I think she'll be fine.I hope ! D: :) and Arent they all? ;D
I respect *good* teen mothers. They go through A LOT at such a young age. & no one has the right to judge until theyve been in their shoes.
Nothing is perfect in this life.
hah trust me I don't take that lightly. I like you guys very much too.
Q2 I worked in marketing for a time, and found that answers that weren't simple yes/no tended to put people off.
What kind of cook out would it be if there wasnt alcohol.
too late
Back in Stevens Point to help out with a coffee seminar.
RT : 10% off wine and 5% off everything else until 5 PM today.
lolollol <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>I'm so god
how did you become interested in this project?
Here's a thought, what if each of us pick the 5 closest military bases to where we live, and post a message on their facebook wall to vote?
Follow for the most inspiring quotes to get you through your day!
We haven't determined whether or not I actually fit your definition of "Liberal," or what your definition actually is.
Metroplex Connector meeting about to start. Still looking for an #architect fr the group, if you are in Southlake or Grapevine message me.
Day in pictures: 27 April 2012
How can you be allergic to water?
One of the best writers i rep! RT : I already know.
Killer Klowns from Outer Space freaked me out as a toddler!
Great day today thanks to King of Kombat, Floyd's 99 Barbershop, Kegerator.com, Giant Media, and Homestead Suites. Thanks guys!
you ppl and your secret lives... Smh
uhmm am i was born in nigeria bt i school at chicago heheheh so wat are u up to
I miss you all, too! Moving to a brand new city is socially very tough.
you look pretty :)!
k well I decided to postpone my Georgia trip just so we can go to the Juicy outlet when u come home.. Just FYI!
#Christian #fundamentalists: So I'm going to hell 'cause I'm not "saved?" Thank God, I'd hate to spend eternity with nothing but ppl like u.
Happy Women's Day! - Feliz Dia de la Mujer!
weigh ins are open to public at Caesars thurs at 5 pm...don't cut much normally walk around about 145
RT : Praise God: His capacity to forgive is greater than our capacity to sin.
Sometimes, when your history is similar, you form a bond with certain people, and dont and don't mind sharing.
I know u love miller but I better see a blog where miller gets called out
Teens' first retail experience is buying a Coke from a vending machine, says Vince Voron
nothing to do tonight, DM for the number?
No problem...Hope you liked it!
Agreed. It's simply the best.
Hey ck out my new web page info about me and my prices for readings and clearings. Find me at www.jacquebowling.com
Did I mention that the Theater kids hated me in college? Why? I turn Poison songs into dramatic monologues and troll casting directors.
Ok Doll Babies...www.reneamartoff.com is back on line :-)! We have a whole log of catching up to do but it's all good! I have LOTS to share
responsibility/blame shouldnt be placed on that initial act of making something visible, but rather on those who violate that visibility
Off to teach a short session on responsible blogging to undergrads. This will be interesting.
careless shit can kill us 11
The #kickstarter for our first book is live - support The Tall Trees of Tokyo by 's Matt Wagner & designed by
Be that way then
Take your passion
“: How can the D's not get the gas subsidys puld?” watch Cspan & GOP filibuster!
And a good day to you sir!
RT Creating a successful vid campaign starts w/ figuring out the right content. What's the goal?
Perfect for my nite off & 4 lax games! #weather Right Now in Lutherville, MD is Partly Cloudy and 75°F. Sent from The Weather Channel
Hmm just don't feel like a #CraftBeer. Ok someone slap me for saying that
What are you going to do for exercise today??? I'm undecided.
Please ask Dave if One Shining Moment was the background music of his dream that he had of Chris Smith making the big shot?
not technically from GB, but close. I think we can do better! :)
thank you. Work in progress. I go back for the rest of the sleeve in June
Waking up with some nice iced coffee. Hope everyone is having a great day!
After 14 long years, this day is finally here! UK gets their 8th Championship Tonight!
First though comes a major battle with git to resolve a boatload of merged files. Thank goodness for #bbedit and syntax highlighting.
Do Tarantulas Shoot Spidey Silk? Clues suggest the arachnids can shoot silk from their feet, but some scientists argue it's not true.
You too!!
Thanks for the mention! That Sangue di Giuda piece is the most popular post on the site, which surprises me.
CAN WE ALL TAKE A MOMENT TO APPRECIATE EMILY BECAUSE SHE JUST SAVED WILL & THE WHOLE FUCKING TRAIN STATION.
think im gonna start like eating more healthy
watch out for ticks when you camp.
what does I'd cap that mean?
HEY SOMEONE HACKED MY ACCOUNT. DON'T TAKE THINGS SO PERSONALLY!!!!
My dog is being chased by my daughter swinging a sleeve of crackers. I hope he figures out if he hides under the bed she can't get him...
Hey We Follow You!
Today is the last day to submit your questions for ! He will answer via UStream WED at 7 pm EDT. Submit ?s using
So jealous of my boys for getting to go to Vegas this weekend. Have fun and don't die :) Love you
While #lucidending may have died today, Hallmark has dozens of cheesy and thoughtless statements for their Sympathy section
Informal manager survey regarding employee sick call-out via a text. It should not happen. #Eyecare team member must talk to their manager.
so happy for you guys!
RT : St. Patrick's Day goodies starting this Friday, March 16th through Sunday, March 18th! Pre-order yours now
Saddened by unexpected loss of a dear family friend's daughter who was 33. Pray 4 them plz! Show love to who u care about bc life is short.
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 1884 the first long-distance telephone call was made from #Boston to #New York.
We've been quietly following you. We had a great tasting at Chicago's N9NE Steakhouse -- probably the best tasting ever
Hope everyone enjoys their Sunday Funday... we will be closed all night for our annual employee party! Cheers!
“: If Khloe & I take a city what city should it be??? #Kim&KhloeTake...” San Francisco, CA
I'm so sleepy
They made me a birthdaycake at work sum idiot mispeld ma name i dropd that fukn cake on tha floor on purps
thank you <U+E414>
I just had to block this girl from following me, her weave and drew-on eyebrows were bothering me
can't focus at all
hi stranger.
“: I need someone who i can text about anything and everything ok lul” oh pick me pick me ;D !!! Xx
come on Pens, let's beat the Caps
Jenny Lind: My Life as a Fairy Tale. Women's History Program at Castle Clinton March 14 at 11:00am.
My parents are in town today and we need a good lunch spot. Suggestions?
im bored af
follow this guy. your visual senses will be challenged, provoked.
Badgers back to back Sweet 16's for 1st time in school history, Marquette back to back Sweet 16's for 1st time since 1977
Bread and Yoga in Inwood &
Argh. When can I see the next Hunger Games movie?
MC Retro Rock is a great way to get your Saturday started off right!
I misses you back! There *may* be a little part of me there Saturday ;) And promised text updates.
Happy #EarthDay and #FF to my peeps:
time to buy groceries
I'm the worst Mexican ever and I know there's cheese in a quesadilla
Today is my last day living on the edge. I'm kind of sad about it!!
This Saturday Night @ Oro Lounge in Rockville...DJ Envy One Live On The 1's and 2's!!!
Oh! I've got so many miles to go. It's alright because it will be worth it.
none nearby here in Milwaukee, I had to buy it and make my own which is just as good :)
Music is around the corner. I also have a new over version of Adele "Someone like you" And new videos are coming soon! Stay tuned!!
home alone has made 3 epic comedy movies about child neglect. funny.
- what are your plans for the holiday?
Just watched Face Off: Cotto/Mayweather...That's the most respectful I think I've ever seen pre-fight.
color starts at $40, sew in starts at $145 and cut is $35. On Thursdays sew ins start at $100
nice u do that lol
Life would suck with out yu babe :)
miss your nick's corner videos!! Make the again soon PLEASE! :) xo
Gabriel and Baker have retracted and/or denied saying it was for sure... Donovan has waffled again
Formerly known as a the BU invitational, lol. What should it be called now? RT : what is the beanpot? Haha
Oh my goshh.. I swear I be breaking curfews when I talk to you lol
Anyone know if we have to do the reflection on content for the Socratic seminar??
What could be better than shootin the fair one! Am I wrong?
Dumb question? Or dumbest question ever? RT Which is a better day for football fans: #NFLDRAFT or start of #CollegeFootball Season?
Thanks, you too,
I have my first interview Friday with a copywriter/blogger for my biz. Hopefully a good brainstorming session!
So much going on lately... Huge things great and awful. I'm very grateful to those helping see me through all of this...
you 2 so made our day with that tweet!!! Thanks so much for bringing some MEGA HUGE smiles to our faces!!!
“: had the sweetest conversation with me yesterday. So down to earth. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>” You were easy to talk to!
Birthdays are the peak of Facebook activity for most. It is a lure to grow our Social Media participation, once increased it usually remains
The performance was a nice way for Justin to introduce Jerry to the rest of the non-belieber world lol.
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you<U+2665> 3
We love pizza. #hinthint RT : good news.. is on twitter now
Having a serious mass.
Watching a walk to remember. One day someone will love me like that! And until then... YOLO
@ ashleyvaga1 Your link got cut off!!! Can you resend it I want to check out your photos... Thanks!
dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance STOP now make muuuffff hammer time like ohhhohhh
m smh justin U TELL HIM RT @/justinbieber: you gotta alot of nerve thinkin you could ever hit that smh
very bro decision made by you
Just finishing the book Sneaker Wars. Crazy story about how Adidas and Puma were started by 2 bros. who hated eachother. Awesome
having a lizard in ur house
Bato heads one in, first goal of the 2nd half for , ends Wave 17-0 run.
visited my doctor 2day :)... haven't seen him 4 a time!
My $$ is on Bisping
I have a donut. Lol (: -izzy
I went to Highland Mall today and had a handmade pizza and a glass of wine. Did you realize there are still shops and restaurants there?
call me an idiot yeah I know, but what does #FF mean?
Amazing characters,their lives spans three continents, portrayed brilliantly in South Asian Lit. Looking for agent/pub
Triple non-threat
I think I just became a Lehigh basketball fan!
#ireallymiss when things were simple
No like when you go over there and try to convince him to do stuff
me either john cena birthday im so exicited
Thanks for the follow. #StayClassy xo.
Important: "Support *sustainable/whole news* - with actual $$$$. Do it. Now. -
not currently this second.
Singers outside soglins office don't seem to be going anywhere, anytime soon
thank u. It's actually an old pic in Hawaii!
love u who is this guy ??
I'm not quite sure what happened last night. And I'm not quite sure if I'm okay with what did happen. I don't feel like me.
Wow, yea that should have been a red card.
it was pretty funny...definitely worth watchin for a good laugh
what's good nealy
:) i only know a couple spanish words
Any time! Cheers :-)
My coffee mug needs a Foursquare.
is watching this GOP Presidential forum.
your welcome. Where u from?
i can't wait for the christmas holidays :D.. but i can wait for the christmas exams.. ffs xD.
I'm all over it--tell me more
Tired of issues with Facebook today. Comments disappearing, notifications going away. Grr
Dancing with >>>
Photography isn't allowed inside, but I couldn't help snapping a shot from outside.
I am a twitter demon!!!!1 :P ...for all u bitches out there ...fuck u !!!
it also tells it all wrong sometimes be careful
MandySmarotov Thanks for the follow!
thank you all the way
Glad to hear you are feeling better. Nothing like natural remedies. Bi Yan Pian will help long term and is not addicting.
Yup. It's a fave.
yaaay I had your number. (: I'm changin your name in it to Lizzie Mcguire, cause I have like 4 lizs. muaha.
Newest Tweet Peeps! Thank you , , , , ,
The strangest things walk in and out of my building.....
How long (over) did dress run?
Who is excited about Friday's Street Vendor Fundraiser event!? I know we are ... my mouth is watering just thinking about it!
tonight is the night
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention: "Fuck that nigga! He's dick didnt even pleasure me." Yeah ok. Thats why you still let him hit it.
Be who you are and say what you feel, cuz those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind. -Dr. Seuss ()
What kind of tea?
Cant believe this shit
we NEED to work together!
I get "become a better manager" emails pretty regularly. Apparently stinky employees is a real problem.
lol, I know there's so many aren't there :-)
thank you so much!
Oh Cool ! I Think I'm Going Around The 25th Of July. [:
We're under a month away from Bring Me The Horizon w/ Parkway Drive, Architects, Deez Nuts, and On Broken Wings!
Lol at Colin Cowherd
a bottle of oxygen?
All leave me buzzed enough to spell horribly. Ah is to be forgiven on such a gorgeous day to wear green.
hey there
On my way back to Indy from Cincinnati- shot a music video today...
meetin fans on saturday :))))
MAGPI's 2nd Annual Content Provider Carnival is underway!! Challenger Learning Center and Center for Puppetry Arts on now
thanks for Up All Night! We love it- warm hearted, funny, well written, and bleeped out cursing :-) Love times 10!
So are we! RT Happy to be hosting the 9th Annual Blended Learning Conference and Workshop for
is so volunteer, it just took someone stepping up - to that end, would you like to build a list o members on twitter?
Shout out to all our new followers look out for our new mixtape "PARTY LOVE" coming soon!!!
www.plugintogreenprofits.com/?id=3006 On how to get your $135 this is no joke, fyi
Happily positioned in modernity or anachronistic? That is the question.
excited to see my boyz on ABDC
Damn D rose
Last night the #Marlins suffered their 7th loss by a 3-2 score, the most in
Just heard the cool news - Mrs Heck is coming to my town! AWESOME! is the 2012 Tapestry keynote speaker - Woo Hoo!
head to Texas :)
Phone battery almost dead. If I don't get home in time for end, I'll see you next week.
7 of spades & a green #4 card from the game UNO.
you are too kind. I'm doing my damndest to bring Country
Thanks to #NutshellMail!
Sure, I'm in. Just as long as we don't end up with a shot of someone feeding popcorn to A-Rod.
Nice, the links you shared are many of my favorites -thanks so much for the kind words in Final Thoughts :) #TRMA585 -been fun
who, lol u better not fed a woman up
I can't keep it to myself! Keep me posted on progress. What is it they say? The journey is as important as the destination? :)
without my chicken string u right! Ugghh majorly frustrated!
RT : RT Growth requires learning from painful experiences by recognizing the role we have played.
Damp, smarting ears and chest and legs -- the somewhat thrilling discomfort of winter bicycling. Amen,
Lmfao no session this time. I was in the bed!
Thats some science shit bitch LEARN IT
Babe better come over later .. (;
Lol i bet
I'm ready n excited to hear this album seems SUPER excited about it lol.
with all three. but i've only got copies of the one with sensenbrenner right now.
Bro My Granny Makinq Meh Mad!
very cool, I look forward to seeing it!
he looks pretty hydrated to me my nigga,
No pancake compares 2 Korean buchu jun. A chive (but Asian rather than garlic chive) pancake fried crispy + thin, not too doughy. My fave!
White man slays black man is better story. While figuring out Zimmerman's race, another 100 black men got shot by other black men
Thx for FB invite. Bummed I can't do grad wknd stuff cause I'm in a wedding 5/5. :-( 5 years of work and no celebration -- boo!
Dear NESN/FSN: not everyone has a 16:9 screen. Letterbox your your SD feeds please. I don't want to watch 2/3 of a game.
Looks really tasty. I'll let you know. Maybe Clif will actually try some.
My ls akin scared wont call out folks name say it wit me B-I-A-N-C-A
I always say my cat curls into her "Sonic the Hedgehog Ball" when she sleeps.
Some great people to follow
dude we have the same first and middle name ^-^
I'm gonna need your help. I got a free desktop. Going to have to upgrade to run arma2 and dayZ. 8o!!
Blonde's >
Tempted to spend $$$$ to see Elaine Stritch's new Sondheim cabaret in NYC. Argh. Why do I live 800 miles away from 76th St?
I don't know this guy, but I see him at the library all the time. And pardon my french, but he's an asshole
We love citizen journalists! Thanks for the follow!
Happy Free Agency Packer fans.
I am so looking forward to #wbtastetweet5 with et al tonight! (via )
Math teacher is a bitch
bicycle vs. a vehicle: Emmett street across from Memorial Gym
see i can put yo a$$ out...keep runnin yo mouth, & if yo brothers come trippin imma show em what these tear drops bout
check with
#talkaboutawkward when you see a long lost family member and you dont know whether to shake their hand or hug them
So about my transmission lasting for two more weeks......
Getting this sew in some live
and your videos are awesome also. very awesome indeed,
Thanks! “: yay! Congrats! =) Enjoy your summer!”
Just emailed ours.
I wanna ride a 4 wheeler.
I didn't write the story lmfaoo.
hahaha oh Demi x) haha oh goodness he's hot!!:D OHMYGOSH. <3 he look like a ninja in one x)
follow me to get in on some great photography session specials
great to run into you. Good luck tomorrow, I'm sure it will be well attended
lies... Chinese and slushies. I can see it now! #Gone lol
“: Judge me as you please, but i don't give a damn.”
Get buy one get one deals with your California VIP Card! Get your card today for only $30! 619.226.1121
I think someone is spamming your account. I keep getting weird messages from you.
My followers need to subtweet me this kinda shit RT : #OomfNeedsTo let me show her what this mouf do
you know the world's going down when you're stopped from doing community service.
I hate when I get a text and then I reply and can't get a reply back smfh lol
omg especially the halls fruit breezers! I literally eat them loll
I do like a nice biscotti... I am hell bent on chocolate and goo, for the moment. It's my joy food of the day!
i love you please say hii :)
Brilliant idea!
If you view an entire thing it looks that it's always gorgeous.
As women we are constantly judged based on our outer appearance. Our flaws are used to put us down, our beauty is used to dumb us down.
one of my faves too, but every time i've seen it I've fallen asleep in the second act...
It seems like niggas get older and begin to like them younger but i get older and like them older, who wants a young damb ass female
Tonight its the Friday Night Dance Party at the Beechmont in New Rochelle, NY! Spinning 10:30PM-close! Come out and support!
Never mistake knowledge for wisdom. One helps you make a living; the other helps you make a life. ~Sandra Carey
Totally fun and awesome! The Complex is amazing.
I prefer my oysters fried That way I know my oysters died.
#supportlocalmusic Live with rock/punk tracks. Stop by and tell your friends to do the same.
#Romance tip of the week: Manage money - by communicating your financial fears & developing strategies for saving and spending.
new designs coming soon!!!!
This week, Tuesday Balt & Greene Gather, Wed Charles & Baltimore, Friday Charles & Baltimore, Sat Live Baltimore Event
Less than an hour & a half till game time! Go Blue!!!
Lmaaao, I told my cousin she needs step up her texting game.
might be interested? RT A large, nation-wide high end retailer based in Seattle is looking for a SEO. Looking? LMK.
Wow, life is a cute bitch full of estrogen and when she givess you lemons nigga throw 'em at pedestrians.
THANKS! We love this product too!
"If you don't work, you don't eat". Now that's a Jesus-like statement. whoda thought?
Enjoying a craft beer and a great jazz band in Kansas City.
About to have a nervous freakin break down.
Going To have fun DIS WEEKEND AMIR KHAN VS paul Malinaggi
twitter madness #Sick :p
It is illegal to water a garden in the rain in Montreal Canada
I know the Phoenix area well also. The contrasts between haves and have nots is staggering.
"Health is simple. Illness is complicated." -David Wolfe. So true.
my friend is wondering about gardening/plant growing data do you have any good & open ones in mind? //cc
bad hair day, but everything else is smooth sailing....
This game...wow.
Soon to be on KYTE FM!
A little surprised that Roenicke did not put Krod in for another inning after his quick 9th. Brewers have now used Veras, Parra, Krod, Loe.
just sent a DM with a contact #. Thanks!
Joining a gym that is open 24/7 may have been the best decision I have made in this city.
Just ate some Mexican food!! :D
she did an incredible job opening for deadmau5 Saturday night
Your so cool :)
My pleasure.
Free Art Friday Detroit! RT : #FAFDET free art for Detroit?
Don't blow your mind with why.
“Our death is not an end if we can live on in our children and the younger generation
Two speciality cocktails tonight - Classic Champagne (Cham, sugar, bitters, lemon) & Creamsicle (vodka, Licor 43, Orange, Cream)!
Had so much fun at the "365 Days" premiere last night! Fantastic job everyone!
Thursday at 11: Kitchen Contamination
TEXT-S&P drops 'B-' rating on Creativ Group OJSC
AMEN. AMEN. To bad it's not true for myself. The pretty part I mean. The boyfriend part is DEF true. Haha
Boat Show countdown!
#LilWayneSongsILove Mirrors ft Bruno Mars, guys a beast.
Rounding the corner on the CowrieCard hacking. Should be back up within a few days. Fingers crossed.
Proposal for the Spring 2012 conference is near complete. I just need to edit tomorrow and then send it in.
jealous “: It's 82 in big d”
This Saturday about to be live
has an amazing voice....i think I have a small crush on her. jus found myself voting!
My new brother Anthony c; We got the same smile ^-^
omg thank you for tweeting this!! Lol
Rambo is so tight BABY.
Twitter users should be a little more selective of who they choose to follow or what they tweet. Don't care what you had for breakfast.
indeed. also, we should hang out soon. U SEEM COOL. A/S/L?
agreed. But if you roll in dressed like Khaki McBoatshoes, expect it up.
you know how to get to the ave
Planning on Las Vegas for ? If so, you're invited to come to our "Consultants Roundtable" panel - just before the Radio Luncheon!
To-do list for the coming month: finish grading, do taxes, pack and move, read poems, write poems, have a baby.
Everything is relative
I don't want to go to school tomorrow. Holy shit.
A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.General Douglas MacArthur
Going back to be myself again! This really is what I want.
According to survey:More docs are saying if they could do it over again, they WOULDN'T choose career in medicine.Details 12
You said that RT Relationships nowadays = 1 Male, 1 Female, 1 Hoe, 1 Ex trying to mess it up & one friend secretly hoping it ends.
I won't defend what he wrote but he made twitter more fun.
Use coupon "LUCKY13" in your shopping cart for 13% off this weekend! And also get free domestic shipping for orders over $13!
hahahaha ily yea watching it with my mom i actually started to cry!
Have a great day!
I need to go buy some skittles now.
“: First tweet! Dinner with friends. Really sweet.”
100 million fewer paper W-2s than when APA started. Thats a lot of trees!
Anyone interested in joining a fantasy football league?
"I'm just so sorry I didn't start volunteering earlier." - Toni in Johnstown.
Mass and. May Crowning were sweet. Beautiful music by the kids!
Let's review: Oregon's offensive line hasn't been good. LSU's offense hasn't been good. 9-6 Tigers, anybody's game.
What are you going to do with your extra hour today? We suggest taking that time to dive back into the book you've been reading!
Retweet if you wanna hear a new Party Slayerz track today!!! :)
Brown is going to be see saw between his own re-election interests and the attraction of being right-wing centerfold
paulyD project yeaaaaahhhhh buddy!! Let a huge fan get a RT!? Send Ryan home man he has no clue what kind of opportunity he has!
I hear you.......without using my ears.
RT : Ladies want to take a photo with the Larry O'Brien trophy? #NBA101 Register NOW: fb.mavs.com/UE5
Maxwell Drew was born! yay!
I used to love hearing Rachel & Lizz describe taking their dogs for a walk in the winter - SO FUNNY!
I just remembered something I said to my high school English teacher ten years ago and I feel embarassed for myself.
A soft refusal is not always taken, but a rude one is immediately believed. - Alexander Chase
Happy Friday! What are you photographing this weekend?
I don't want to go to work
Sittin here wonderin is all this shit really worth it? But fuck it no guts no glory n I'd rather die enormous than live dormant...
I need a big showing this week!
is hosting a FREE nutrition workshop for resident tomorrow night - 5/2 @ 7:30pm. Sign up w/ the door staff!
thank YOU for the continuous support :)
I think once a week is standard, though I know a guy who does it daily. I've never ironed my sheets.
i have got to get my 3 yr old in a dance class...... any suggestions
": Once someone sees you doing better without them, that's when they want you back..." So fn tru
Thanks for the follow Look forward to reading your work If I had some way to be doing 2 or 3 things at once I'd read more
If i died today idt be a holiday, i'm not a star somebody lied i gotta chopper in the car so don't make it come alive.
if you believe it you will receive it!
Over at Eleventh Stack, we try to keep it classy and raise the discourse.
Kate Spade has swimwear!? I feel like I've hiding under a big, giant rock!
thanks for checking in with us over the weekend! We hope you enjoyed your stay!
mention julie for a rim job .. :-)
Yes we do!!! :) I am looking forward to it!
I hope your not actually playing basketball hahaha
the point is that Romney may not be a homophobe, but he is a slave to
Ozias is ok
I didn't know this ditty but it is def rally worthy. I low how she brings back the electric slide!
Done, and I'm done, and I'm on to the next one...
Thank you J Frank!
Navigating Greek town's parking structure is like being in the movie Death Race. I feel lucky to have survived. No spot. Feel let down.
Still gotta go 2 School smh
Not affiliated but absolutely loving the Highlight mobile app
Thanks for the #ff love. I've been on vacation so I've been MIA. Have a great weekend!!
Bless you too man.
Thanks for placing my #LMA12 on your your board! It was great to meet you and hope you enjoyed your time in TX as much as I.
is laughing at this "fair weather" cat calling me now when he didn't know me when he had a job
Congratulations to all the #WWU students who graduated today. You earned it!
Aww, me too(:
Finished My Nails <3 Glo Tomorrow ! I'm Excited :D GoodNightt (:
Twitter is just one big popularity contest to make people feel important consisted of the same old bullshit quotes and generic statements.
And now the studio is a bit flooded. Wonderful.
afternoon :) just enjoying summer break. Hbu :)
enjoying the beautiful spring weather in Philadelphia
girl, I just watched ur Bieber experience & lemme say its BY FAR the best! It was really inspiring & it shows to neversaynever!
Email auto-responder "Sorry, I'm at a conference and can't check my email until Monday..." He must still use Microsoft Outlook
okay now I'm definitely watching that movie tonight
San Francisco to our old house we moved from when we went to Washington. So what has been happening with you?
I'd still eat it.
Mary Mary - Go Get It: via this is it today......
OMG THE SWEDISH BABIES I JUST CAN'T I AM CRYING
Hope you had a great Christmas.
#notacatperson ": I want an extension for my browser that filters out pictures of cats"
GET AT ME FOR A FEATURE BIG BROTHA
Bring the bartender a flower tonight and get half off your first drink!
Having to be taken to school<<<<< #NoCar my moms a bitch.
Everyone go follow :D
On a good note. The Yankees could score 30 runs and still only tie the series.
Offer for new office sent...fingers crossed!
The start of college basketball it gets no better than this.
There you go Worth! #NATITUDE in San Diego
Apparently it's Ginsberg recanting Burroughs paraphrasing Yeats, originally
RT : ACRLog is looking for a few good bloggers! Join the team and share your insights on libraries and higher education....
Child pornography sounds terrible but kiddie porn sounds fun.
beer and itunes.
#RedRaiders just embarrassing #Oklahoma right now. Exposing their pass defense on the left side
i just want you to know how much i truely love your music and your true personality if you do see this thats cool;)
visit MyCity Promotions today at Rays Wine is Wauwatosa and try a sample of Tallgrass Beer from 12-3!
I leave in the desert where u girls @ r u girls in the hight desert
Lol But I Do Agree Widd. On What You Said
CatBlock is almost making me rethink my grinchiness about April 1. Almost.
kikwang is cute! I loved the bus scene when lee hongki cries and sings the song. Amazing scene!
I'm pissed at him too and I'm a diehard Dem but what can he do to save himself? I'm disappointed so far.
don't hate
good pt, g'day also more appropriate considering global reach of twitter
What a hot ass day! Ugh! Time to hit the pool :)
people run their mouth about shit they dont need to
did ya see Mandonna perform?? did you like us??
that was my plan all along ha ha
Please direct message your contact information and we will be sure the owners of that location contact you right away
#thoughtsduringschool SUMMER GET HERE NOW!!!!!
Negative. I'm not into any of that self congratulatory BS.
Two critical issues in the post - policy and communication. More support of integrating tech into class vs. prohibiting tech.
dickhead, how your pop spin you on a chair and start grinding your head up with a razor.
HOVABOARDS DON'T WORK ON WATA... UNLESS YOU GOT POWA
iv seen that on facebook >.>
My other fave question: "How will the fishing be this weekend?" (My response: "Hold on a sec- I'll ask...") ;-)
So am I.
pix tomorrow. finally got enough red hair dye in these tresses now I just gotta be FAHHHBULOUSSSS! (sung ala jack mcfarland)
I r b still up. Though, not for long :i/
when ever ur logo says 'lean forward' next 2 it my husband + his friends drink!What a great #hurricane game.Thanks from the flod zone
it's a Christmas miracle! Play solitaire while waiting for the chia hair to grow.
Pause, bikini patrol.
I think you may have the wrong Sarah Manley. Glad to hear another namesake is helpful though :)
The Future of the Liberal Arts College at Lafayette College #Lafayetteconf 4/9-11
GODDAMN YOU, FIESTA! WELL FUCKING PLAYED.
No, Nick Punto, you cannot break the bat over your knee.
Happiness is...whittling your inbox down to 7 emails.
I think it's fair to say everyone owns at least one DVD they never returned to Redbox.
no, but your mom sucked mine last night.
obviously the other way around ha
The laptop is off and it feels so good! Lol
There were scenes during the battle that looked like they were straight from Serenity.
Shabazz on picking UCLA: "I just think it's a challenge knowing how bad they were these last few years."
and I can't keep up with your fast tweeting...but keep it up! Nothing better than the voices of
No :( I wish you could've followed me! D:
To answer ur question, all repairs are done "while you shop" we are fast at fixing any of your jewelry repair needs :)
Just Have To Do My Literature Studies HomeWork And I'm Done :)
YEAH WOO GO SEAN! :D
Thanks for spreading the word! RT will perform Cleopatra, CEO in a vacated LA corporate penthouse Feb 9,
10 Facebook Tips: It isn't Twitter so don't post a new status every couple of minutes, it's annoying move to twitter is way better!
tweet tweet
Send us you skate videos so we can help share!!
my pleasure! Great inspiration! : Thank you for RTing the Nest tweet! xox
it's all on the news. BC student went missing last Wednesday and they're searching around chestnut hill for him today.
New Driver's License in the mail. And a birthday card from Grandma that I can't open until next week. So much sadness.
talks #afrofuturism "B/c we have not been the writers of our past, we are strong stakeholders in our future's story"
thanks, have always enjoyed collaborating with artists (& you are one of my best results!)
you have a beautiful lil girl! Thats the best kind of Friday nights
Your intellect may be confused, but your emotions will never lie to you
I'm slowly becoming more and more depressed that my freshman year of college is coming to an end..
I hate when people sit next to me and I clearly don't feel like talking.
cause you saw me, right? ;)
Pls #FOLLOW today!!!
On my way to #jekyll for #gaea conference. Will present tomorrow am on
not much. Legs hurting real bad. What's up?
Thanks for all the support! #PrivatePracitce was great tonight!
air outside is quite pleasant - can you get a cross draft by opening windows?
you have been jailed for hours now!? Twitter is being annoying lately!
Voice command is very cool. I also love the updated Swype and just the great SPEED!
Going shopping again! :)
well, it'll probably really crowded opening night. so i might go the day after :)
Damn, fast big band 2nite. Soloist after soloist, but the rhythm section keeps chuggin'. Drag is that I'd like 2 do tons, but... time flies
ah i hate oversleeping
I love people who stay true to they self
Happy Friday! Happy Hour until 7pm, great wine tasting all day-Gary Farrell Pinot, Rockpile Zin, and The Frank Family Cab! Enjoy.
I'm hungry. Someone come feed me
Soo, being that the world is going to end on saturday, I figured we should get #ifheavenwasamileaway trending! RT
I just managed to quote Joseph Plumb Martin and include a footnote on Thanksgiving foodways, all in the same sentence
No its not
well im really sad now and when im sad i wanna grab a knife and kill myself
I have a long time to think, but I must perfect my outfit!!
Hopefully gonna have an early end to the shoot today- Hardly Strictly Bluegrass festival here I come!!!
Stressed and my head hurts... )':
Moratorium on messy desk layouts, oversized stock icon sets, and "handwriting."
I think we have Mondays to punish us for all the things we did over the weekend!!
We're Splurging at Benihanas and all I want is butter popcorn and a reeses.
Bitch ass is afraid fcking frogs -__-
Epic Magic!
omg I think the show is hilarious!!!
Laughter is the best medicine :)
Trying to find a pink head band at Goodwill.
That was a great quote about the inferiority complex.
Sorry, we miss a few now and again. No automated follow backs here. All taken care of now tho. Thanks for calling us out :)
We are a Real Estate Investment Company and We Follow Back.
I will check it out. Thanks!
It is so quiet in the office today.
Congrats and for a huge weekend!!
That awkward moment when you think someones waving at you, when really they're waving at the person behind you.
- I think once you start selling your personality and image, you start playing by different rules.
im hungry !! my mom need to go grocery shopping -_-
I'll see if I can convince - she loves tater tots. And nachos.
How Bout QueenQ-tip? MadamEargasm ? lol. (Yes I go back to that Rolling Stone Brat Pack Article... hugs. stay strong. namaste.)
sleeping! Which is what I wish I were still doing right now :-)
I can't wait to see this episode--looks great.
On my way to an NYC midtown Studio for a Voiceover recording session.
PROUD TO SAY I'M MEXICAN ~
big things to come people!!!
I wish I had you to hug.
school right now, huh.
I have this great imaginary world,but sometimes I just want things to happen for real.
In the end everyone ends up alone, losing her the only one whos ever known who I am who Im not, who I wanna be
yeah, crazy. Me too but from what I heard on the scanner something bad might have already happened.
I just want everyone to know that this is one of those days where I hate the world.
haha someone's a cutie when they sleep :)
Hey Jeff, good seeing you at the Rocket Bar Opower party. Thanks again for securing the room at LivingSocial for
Thats the danger in starting a fire. You never know how many bridges you'll burn.
“: congrtaz ome of my favs so sorry I couldn't see it. Great job!” Thank You -a great production to be part of
are you not getting the love you need?
Make it snow!
All Commissioners present vote to delay approving contract to demolish Friendship Trail.
Where is ? That is the question.
Steve Jobs created jobs with Apple and so can Obama, with the help of the U.S. congress! Pass the jobs bill now and make Steve proud!
OMG that worked!!! You're a genius, and I applaud you!
Our Wednesday wine tasting is featuring 5 wines for $5 from 6 to 8. Like us on facebook at Fifty Seven Degrees to see the lineup.
Who else can tell right now we're gonna get into a fight with 8 Flavahs fans.....?
wow that ACT was way harder than the first! hopefully i improved, even just one point increase makes a difference!
That moment when you're like "I don't give a fuck!" When honestly that is the one thing that matters to you the most
is too Gorgeous <U+2665>
Hubby didn't fall for the April Fool's joke that I ripped the Thule off the top of the car when driving into the garage. Thought it was...
Fresh Besto Pesto at Mandela Foods Co-op in West Oakland all day and everyday!
Gotta love an artist that loves her fans!
you are a great person
Editing wedding photos while watching The Bang Bang Club... Complete opposites.
I'm good scheming to see what mischief I will find myself into today . Lol
LOL! No! That was your favorite song!
1 thing I hate is not being acknowledged. I don't need to have everyone's attention all of the time, I just want to know others know I exist
Love my cashmere sweater on a mid-January day.
So, who are you wanting to win the CL final?
SOMEONE HURT MY SISTER OMFG NO THAT GIRL IS LUCKY SHE LEFT BEFORE I FOUND HER SO PISSED SOMEONES GONNA DIE >:o
english may be having a rough night but he's a hell of a player from what I can tell
really upset that I didn't get to meet you. Too much push & shove. Maybe next time? I cried every time you were on stage!
thanks for the tweet!
She's also in Contraband with Marky Mark! Have you seen that yet? It's pretty good.
You're welcome! And thanks for reading my tweets :)
yeah i know and my day has been fine
GIVEAWAY: Follow & Re-Tweet this for a chance to win a $25 gift card for an awesome breakfast at Communal in Provo!
it has been a long time. didn't know you're in RVA.
Shain Gillette EVERYONE: only hours remaining to help save our film. Please take a look at www.IndieGoGo.com/the-fate-of-phoenix
MakerFaire: The only place where normal conversations include "...and it's right next to the giant robot."
ION LOVE EM ION CHASE EM I DUCK EM...
Watching Scandal. I'm confused. -.-
RT Who's rockin out @ the Vans Warped Tour in PDX 2day?! The Burgerville Nomad will be there 2 fuel U in btwn performances!
LOL! it's ok Jorge would just tell him they moved the plate to Queens- just like when you were pitching! :)
Sometimes, the people you can't imagine living without, can actually live without you
always enjoyable. service was stellar.
So much for sleeping in, holding water for the runners out my window on 59th street.
Dallas next?
More proof of the Berkeley/Albany Wild Turkey Takeover.
I'm Stiilll VOTING IDC IF I'M SUPOSE TOO I'M STILL GONNA VOTE:D :)ILYShawty<3
Me too! I sat with my sister in law's family and her brothers friends. Hahahhahaha oh geez. That was exciting. :P
saying... "OH YEAH I REMEMBER" when you really don't
“: you believe everything you read huh? get the facts.” u must b the top 1% if not ur fooling urself
I dislike my phone's auto corrections sometimes. It makes me seem very sexual. Not saying that I'm not >.<
Time to make the donuts!!! Wake up, Get up and do something productive!!!
Speaaking to my best friend love her
of course dudes, email us when you're planning on coming through nc!
& I got off at 12.
RT : What a great acquisition Michael Cuddyer has been for the Rockies.
if you got a fine moma RT and let me see her jk haha
S/O to all my new followers
Ditto! RT : Awesome! Fingers crossed. RT : Just submitted my membership grant app. Wish me luck!
Yes, come see us in KC! I have friends on the local planning committee for JCLC.
Saatchi's new twitter avatar is ripped off from Merriam Webster dictionary, pretty sure.
my biggest fear is that I am entirely superior to everybody I know, and that over the rest of my life, I will have no meaningful experiences
Pretty cool rumor about some good concerts coming to Reading. Corridor is buzzin'.
No one wants their retrospective to be constantly held in the secondary market.
Good morning, Jacksonville!
I mean , I guess. Lmao
You've hit the follow limit!
I am! But I should still be able to make time for Justin and my followers. ):
A seemingly conservative company such as Yellow Pages are opening up their crown jewels via
Ditto that! RT nice :) dark chocolate for me please! ^J
that is both adorable and creepy, but mostly adorable. ;-)
Show tonight at Malarkey's in Wausau, WI starts precisely at 10-ish...give or take a few minutes
OMG!!! So do I. I live for college football GO BIG RED!!!
twitter could easily be the foremost tool for international communication if it would join with google translate
Follow me! is a Awsome account related to Porn!;)
It might be Tuesday, but we are already thinking about Sunday brunch! We have an insane craving for our Corn Flake Crusted French Toast.
I forgot it was Oscar Sunday since nobody remembered to put when Oscar Sunday was on the ads.
If you want to keep it professional. You can follow me for school gardening tweets. Feel free to keep following me here 2
Pamela - we're moving from Port Ludlow to Bainbridge Island - tomorrow!
Dinner with Phil and Nancy!
I act like I know everything, when I really don't. I care too much, I cry too much, I worry way too much, and I never say what I need to.
def wouldnt want him to lose his electrolytes.
nope some cash if you want food/drinks at the tailgate its going to be awesome
My job bout that fuck shit.
G8 Meeting? All we need is a zombie apocalypse and that will ROCK! :D
thanks for the info. I'm a beginner rider so it helps a ton.
Sounds great!
"But collective thinking is usually short-lived. We're fickle, stupid beings with poor memories and a great gift for self-destruction."
I bought the deal of the day yesterday..no monies, but I managed. YIKES!
dunk over Ibaka should make
I NEED A CHILLEN BUDDY. I BE SO BORED. I JUST DO SHIT ON MY OWN AND WITH MY RIGHTHAND WHEN SHE IS AROUND.
Blur vs. Oasis? Obama admitted he preferred Menswear to either.
:) i heard it sometime back and i just remembered it, God bless!
Finally a new avi? Nice. :-)
happy birthday!
I want a british accsent. :>
Just spent the better part of my morning reminding myself he aint shit. Should have remembered that last night.
I'm excited to be sending my first tweet. Tonight I'm working on my installation speech. I hope to be inspiring next week.
Happy birthday ! Loved dancing with
All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height.
Hey Celtics crushed the Cavs last night. Don't think Miami is gonna be so lucky
Um, no. I think shamrock shakes are gross. Just because they're green doesn't mean they're Irish!
Out for the night with you know it's going to be crazy!
Gracias amiga, good Bday so far! Looking forward to seeing you soon! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I'm filled with jealous rage right now. RT : I got to see two times in one week!
ATLAS WINKED
WHAT! You're crazy. Is that because they were a bad decision to begin with or because of society and their beliefs?
car insurance-Oklahoma City | Yukon Experience
Happy day, now go have one! Your #ChevyGirls say so.
Sometimes I just look back to what I just did and be like,"Why the hell did I just do that?"...
bf is best friend by the way :)
Sorry, internet is so bad here. He talked about reclaiming spirituality & using content creation as a service to help others
doctor major was thought up by the Greeks?
yarn,knitting needles... ugh...I'm very confused.. Haha
WOOP WOOP SOUTH BEACH NEXT WEEKEND!
We'll be playing SXSW this year with a slew of good bands. Come see us March 17th at the Gypsy Lounge if'n you're down that way.
What's for dinner? We hear the event is going great!
LETS FUCKIN GO MIAMI
Ventured into the school today...moved my bookcase (with lots of help) to my new room...negative - room is smaller....positive - blinds
hey buddy you a big baseball fan would love to have you on my baseball podcast
The decision has been made im officially moving to Florida once I get married
I see. Thanks for explaining! I was kind of curious about smaller cities too, I don't think it's as big of an influence in Oslo.
Anyone know if there's a Wheel of Fortune slot machine in the ??
.randomass #'s calling me.
I was thinking of it; but I don't have a TV with an HDMI in... I think it will be the Facetime machine for talking with iFamily.
Barcade tonight? Yeah now that's what I call a good time.
Jacksonville?! Be sure to take in all of the great sights!
Why Todd Davidson CEO of Travel Oregon was picked to chair the U.S. Travel Advisory Board. One-on-One 2 6:30pm KGW.
Did i really tell someone i would kiss their pisshole lastnight?
:)) thank you RT I love your avi
Dear whoever may be reading this, you're beautiful and don't you ever forget that. <U+2764>
no problem
Almost game time.
Be sure to tweet your ?'s for using
I updated my Goodreads shelves w The Ionia Sanction by Gary Corby & The Mirage Man by David Willman - very different books, but both good.
tired of the same look! Nothing spectacular but any and everything about me thinks is amazing and f#%* sexy! Lol!
Also, it's written by Dan Abnett.
Waitaminute, this Kathy Griffin show is genius.
Beyond excited 2c "Girl With the Dragon Tattoo". Read books and got hooked! Previews look good, heard good things. Might have 2 go 2 theater
Small Group Night on the Houseboat in Lake Union ...
Hmm. My iPhone Facebook app doesn't seem to be working, so I can't post my every detail. . . (Maybe that's a good thing.)
Pls RT: Everyone say hi 2 #Connected 's newest family member Diane Yay Diane! We're excited to have you!!!
Doing shots at distil since I can't get into dicks. Thanks bouncer calvin
Need #beats #production #studiotime for your project? Hit me up!
welcome to the party
thanks for the follow
your welcome...so whats new phillip...whats goimng on??
Thanks a lot! I appreciate it.
Somebody help me out and please tell me the rangers score! Id appreciate it.
Yup- see you soon. It will be great to connect in person :)
So now that we're no longer together, my face is ugly, but you were calling beautiful while were together...whatever...
depends on how you read his "outside my home" Is home his house or the City of Louisville? I read it as the later...
Save Me with Anne Heche on NBC in midseason looks like a huge miss.
lol im coming up this weekend! can i see you saturday?
WIsh there was a practical way to practice hand shaking online! - #careerchat"
Thinking positive gets results!
I miss you too ! you used to always come over my house and hangout , now you never do ):
Happy early birthday! (: We love you!
really dad
Do you snore or have sleep apnea, know someone that does? Did you know we can help with a simple mouth appliance? call today 303 975 6987
Please teach your narrators the difference between "further" and "farther." Usage errors detract from your message.
What time is Heidi starting? RT : CSI is a repeat tonight. So is Antiques Road Show. Anything else on at 9PM tonight?
We are at #DriscollsMoments having a blast!!!
Let's go Stros!!!
Globe has been sabotaging my business calls since last week!.
Vocalists! Wanna try out out for our band? Send us an email at guy or girl :)
Too bad NEWT never meets expectations as a leader. Always sounds good but ego is off the charts. Never was and never will be a leader.
Thanks for visiting! It was so awesome seeing you again! :)
We are NOT back on school vouchers. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
Likewise! You and your fan are teh awesom. Great time indeed.
It's just the terrible Tuesday's setting in. Haha glad you can shake it off! #LOVE makes it all better
At this damn 5 hour course! -_-
I think I wanna chill an relax in the tub.
If Monsanto kills the Honey Bee, they will be "To big to Fail"
I really hate the way my dad chews his food -___- it's annoying Lol!!
-thnx. Standing/praying with you. Pharisees have always attacked the genuine.
Holy hell its on!! Recording the first Micro show!
We called out Ochocinco as a MUST START this week - did you get him on *your* team? #HTSP www.hottubsleeperpicks.com
any news about the LA date? My friends and I are dying to know (:
Finna start getting my body in shape for band camp...cos I'm pretty sure it's gone suck lol.
#WhatAWomanNeeds is a man who wants to hold her boobs up so she never has to wear a bra. At least put your arm underneath for speed bumps.
Love listening to my boys play and talk to each other with love!
THIS --->": We need to be around people that make deposits and not just withdrawals. - #Lifeclass"
#NYCSportsReport: First satellite tag study for manta rays reveals habits and hidden journeys of ocean
I'm sitting on my bed in pajamas. :) You?
And the #May2-4 Weekends starts now ... Have a great one everybody!!
You're welcome, Kenny! Thanks for reading my books!
It's official........Jonathan Delman is a USC Trojan!
I'm uploading this week's Mail Monday as I tweet! It's so good this week!
Why am I at a Hootie and the Blowfish show?
Final Four were we come!!! O-H
thanks for the 411 but your mate on the les paul shreds i gotta get me some of that, Joy !
Plan on having a stone cold brew by at Tap Haven to beat the heat.
Use the powerful Restaurant Web Builder (RWeB) to create your own restaurant website in minutes for Free!
Time machine, take me to The Crumperie on Christopher Street in Greenwich Village, 1920. I'm having crumpets & tea with Christopher Morley.
Have you seen the day glow cover? Open it up, two Globe stories inside!
abaut to text u buddy
"We believe the power to communicate, and therefore imagine & organize for a new future must belong to everyone"
is kicking it!
Okc is rapping Orlando
Be sure to post photos of the outcome!
Can you say "Dude, I just shredded my groin muscle"?
Miss your face
gkettingk fat as ever ima take piks with her n my son in a few weeks
Thanks for letting us come play with you today. Had a good time!
Happy hour all day today... Sonic here I come. It's slush time!
At Mr Eds
Feeling so tired, blah :P I need an energy drink! :)
I am pretty wanted :D
We've got #Atlanta's Ojeda Penn in the jazz building talking about his show at Loews in conjunction w the
Live Life Like A Free Bird...You're A Plastic Mentally Challenged Lawn Flamingo
lol! One reason why I don't carry a gun.
4/17/1756->J.F. Mercer: The persons you engage as Spies must set out immediately&if they bring intelligence, transmit it immediately to me
It was great! “: ! Can't wait to learn from Rep. & ICE Director John Morton at the Copyright of Way panel.”
we will go over there tomorrow. I don't want to drive right now
Thank you for the #FF <U+2665>
Wtf groove shark mobile? Taylor swift? Not even if it where the only thing that could heal deaf ears.
One of the nicest tweets all day - all week. Thank you. Just learned my Klout score is climbing but I don't influence. Wha?
Next Sun Directv will b offerin a 1day free preview of NFL Sun Ticket. The Superfan pack and all HD games are also included in the preview.
Good start to #NF challenge. Indoor at #SERF I just finished a 3.22 mi run with a pace of 11'03"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
Ours, too. Already attacking the raspberries and the front garden.
I'm trying to explain to my gf that we don't need more METAL we need more BASS!!! :)
Stand by - We'll be sharing letters of support from veterans organizations on the Cummings bill to protect servicemembers from foreclosure.
Good Luck and I fully support you lil bro go and get another standing ovation God Bless You
with all these ladies showing off their goodies you would think men would be desensitized, like watching the news everyday.
#ThingsiDislike confused people who dont kno what they want
TY 4 the RT! Gr8 2 hear from u. We r enjoying spring weather w/ daffodils and hyacinths blooming.
Many thanks!
aw I love you for remembering ( :
The Atmosphere inside the American Airlines Arena is Electric!!! #NewYorkSucks!!!
cool background. not
Santorum wouldn't approve of 4 guys "having fun."
I just found david garrett twitter. You have to hear this guy play! A true artist amazing talent wowowowoo.
Dare to be distinct...
Grandma's wake this morning
Just played some volleyball in my backyard with my oldest nephew.
very nice! :)
I'm going to fast from face-to-face contact with people for a whole day. It has become a big problem in my life.
if u really loved yourself then you would never ever shortchange yourselves!!! do the things that make ur career go
mp3 n mascato-
thank you that's just 1 of 3 that I have
Trying to change my password, but my email has also been changed. How do I get in to change it without receiving the email?
I had no idea you were from Monteagle Mountain ;) (Said the man who grew up on Lookout)
Good morning Twitter followers! Or is it a good morning for you? One of those just #dealwithit days?
Just found out about Looks like a cool event.
awesome! Can't wait to see the new game! Just read a little about it. Go Nord!
hi umm ya you, you tweet every five seconds. shut up thanks! (:
States spend over $25 billion in federal, state and local funds for child welfare.
Slowly but surely making every shitty part of my life better!
went to Little Big Horn National Monument this weekend. What a disappointment! They made it seem like it was the Indians' fault...ugh
What do you mean?
Out of ALL our Daily Specials, which one is your favorite ?
Who are the freeks of the industry?
M&m's commercial the best so far!
Is it true that Saban wanted Brees but was overruled?
Win an Oatmeal from McDonald's! Just tell us what your favorite thing is about the month of May. Email with your answer.
i will follow all my followers back! plase follow me! i will follow you back once im off follow limit ! your awesome ! Thanks xo
it's probably hard to get in there with that disembodied foot in the way.
Bassists in L.A Wanted: Bass Player Needed For One-Time $Gig On 1/10. Click "Gigs" tab on drum-studio.com
Day just got bad...working on multiple client deadlines without my Mac. Thankful for my iPad and Dropbox.
Our second annual film festival is on October 14-16! Submit your best films by June 30th at midnight! www.astorialicff.com!
fortune small business ceases publishing...yikes! so many pubs going out
watching Keith Lemons Lemonaide has doubled my want for a pug!
Doing my Biology Cell homework, someone save me!
THE MOTTO
how many verses? its puttin its socks n shoes on ready to go out the door
Totally silly to see you. Miss ya, gal. Bev
I just got hella sad..
I swear some people were conceived through anal sex because there is no way being that much of an asshole is not natural! lmfao
Two words that are uttered less and less these days: THANK YOU.
New items on the way for the Chef's and seasonal tasting menus, as spring blooms in Chicago...
for a week, stayin with my grandparents in temecula
when is your birthday, mine was yesterday!
KFC gots me feeling like a fat pig!
#FF back at you Esteemed colleagues: Honored!
Mystery headache: if 4 ibuprofen, 3 xtra hrs of sleep, two Neti pot-irrigated nostrils, and one giant cup of tea won't fix you, bugger off!
18 more days of waking up at 6 in the morning, cant wait
If you don't show hard or trap Kyrie Irving on the pick-&-roll you're asking for trouble. But what do I know...
It's all done with computers.
Your missing out on the party of the year!!! lol
Thank you for sharing the website. Enjoy your week!
man fuck instagram that shits be fucking up since Facebook bought and it was available on android
como diz o slogan da Nike: "Just Do It"
Just signed up as a VHP with ! www.deliveringhappiness.com
what you see is not all of me
Thanx #allofme is delight to listen to this morning
Could be screwed then. Hopefully the class gets better.
Clippers have to make those EASY shots. Spurs methodically keep their offense running with jumpers. Gotta close out better.
RT : Really excited about the upcoming Open House at the Stutz building with the #StutzArtists. April 27-28th.
Fund Raiser, then sum dancing<U+E51F> and drinks<U+E044><U+E418>
": Everybody talking About a Damn Valentine . #FUCK a Mafckin Valentine!"#"Aint it Mane"
warren sapp should develop an iphone app called warren's app
Does the person with the most boards win? What's the prize? Who's the mark?
If I see a picture of shoes you bet your ass I'm gonna click on that shit, because I need it, gimme.
Which reminds me.. hey are you or did fill out a NCAA tournament bracket sheet?
What's the move in the city tonight besides this toga party? I need something to do.
RT LFG12: I'm pretty sure has the best tweets I have ever read in my life.
Understand that there is a segment of this popularion that will do ANYTHING to not have this 'Stand Your Ground' changed!!
": RT any advice to unsigned artist? <<believe in urself & invest in urself TRUUU"
No luck at San Fran. I'm sad but my wallet is happy
A Tennis court just opened from 2-3pm. Call now to book 414-352-4900!!
Yikes , did I just see a hairy buttcrack 0.o im fcken scared bro ;o
You know the moth infestation is getting bad when you think its raining, but it's just the moths hitting ur window..
RT The Poor and Middle-Class Fight and Die in Our Wars, the Rich Could at Least Pay for It
I would follow you everywhere
just had this convo w/ "hard-to-get marketing"? MT Is it true that The Lot (High Line) isn't open in 2012?
Higher Education Is my #1 priority!
playgirldotcomvan.com . That is all.
Are you joining us for #sharktank??
Yesterday could've ended really really wrong but it ended really really right.
Just spent the last three hours making a super cool lego space ship!!!
Interesting... RT : The opposite of virtual is NOT real.
you need to watch it in costume!
#DYK By using a ceiling fan w/ the air conditioner, you could save 4-8% on your bill for each degree you raise the thermostat.
listening today is making me believe he is guilty even tho no 1 wants 2 believe it. Time 2 b a man and admit guilt & start a new
Oh! And what it takes to get his attention.
Oh jamie, my Jamie, Jus give me 3 minutes with Jamie foxx, I bet you he cum.
It ain't no fun, if the homies can't get none!
Just discovered great historic and more contemporary ('60s and '70s) ephemera from Chicago. Give 'em a follow.
hi peeples its time to tweet about my personal life i suppose. umm i had a dirty thought when the hot chick at Starbucks asked what i wanted
Umm megan hasn't tweeted before!!!!
I won't even try 2 argue 4 Brick Lane's finest! Wonder if I can swing a study trip before my post-doc finishes ;-)
I'm not even thinking about web-specific. More like "what does programming even mean"
An oath! Tee hee. Pony Express riders took a no swearing or drinking oath. Was it like that?
I guess you have a problem when your friend needs to take a purple pill to hang out with you cc
- its like a gumball machine full of ADD and magic!
that nigga wanted a A so bad lmfao
Extended standing-O, loudest it's been during a TV timeout at any point in the series. #momentum?
Wondering if the ref that blew the call is gonna geta beat down
It's tax prep time! Free tax assistance will be available on 3/31/12 from 10am-3pm at at the Chula Vista Library (365 F).
Phylicia Rashad will star with Kene Holiday and Hattie Winston in "A Charleston Olio". Go get your tickets now at www.nbtf.org!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY ! Can i get a shout out pleasee!!???(:<3
Some Santa Cruz local just tried to tell me how dangerous sz is... I didnt listen tho and i'm still walkin so fuck that dude!
Yessir! How are you brother?
aww Im sorry rexie :'( at least you didnt go outside...i had to and i died!
This is the last night of work, then a night off& spending it with my daughter. She's pretty awesome!!!!
android app is out. iOS pending approval.
Watching events in Tahrir Square on my new laptop. Just hope it's not 1979 again.
Yes, u should join our caravan there for the 80th anniversary in September. RT “: Wow. Just wow...”
Have not found a place yet....it's a struggle....Still trying to get 6-6 to his dreams....
#Journalism is nothing but a search for the truth in every issue, so that people can get the information they need.
God I actually know what citrix synergy is . I am a geek
Excited about the new show. Looking really good after a long day of editing...
lucky for both of us, he has not.
Happy #Easter! Hope you are enjoying this day with your friends and family :)
Tuesday, it's just Monday twice...
Baked salmon and garlic green beans for lunch was yummy!!
yes lets do it, obviously our national color is purple
#3WordsForYou Boston Three Party
The night is dark and full of terrors. A new episode of Game of Thrones starts in 5 minutes at 9PM on HBO. "retweet" if you're watching.
Get down to Lottie's as soon as humanly possible - Nick is ripping it up with The Lottie's Mule! Rye, strawberry, ginger ale!
"chocolate subway marshmallow overcoat" Richard Manuel RIP!
DAM U GOT A CAKE
": We’re all in the same game, just different levels. Dealing with the same hell, just different devils." One of my favorite lyrics
And what exactly does this have to do with graffiti, emceeing, b-boying, and turntablism?
You're welcome. We'd love for you to follow too. We focus on youth and successful transition. Mentoring is a part of that success.
Write drunk; edit sober.
What ever happened to KONY...?
When we linkin up Supreme Beatz??
"where do we go from here with all this fear in our eyes?"
Tonight, nothing but usually I am scrambling to get my assignments in by tonights 11pm deadline. Right now, I am listening to Snow Patro ...
"When trouble comes meet it, get along with it as best you can, and then let loose of it." Juliet V. Strauss
Seeking ideas for education iPad apps.
I'll give you credit but no money!
totts gf. See u at the bay.
I didn't take a nap today
I was just now told it's World Penguin Day. Enjoy it--it comes but once a year.
raises? What's that? :)
Did you buy some $HUN when I call a pop? if you'd got 1000 share you would be up 380! just sold mine done for the day.
Sometimes the girl who has been. There for everyone else needs someone to be there for her.
Cool!!! My wife dreams that one day he'll throw a bag of swag at her.
I would love to hear about the career opportunities
Happy New Year! Wishing everyone a prosperous 2011!
Why Get Paintings for Sale UK Online - paintings for sale
Romney will bring us what,a better america,hm. what they will not tell us to win ! don't vote fear.........
Wedding Shows - For Better or For Worse?
he is not!!! My baby is perfect just the way he is(:
Tenex Health Reaches 1,000 Patient Milestone within Seven Months of Commercial Launch
rock candy baby! nice! still a sammy fan.
I hate homework
It must be hard to shoot at 0 elevation.
Sorry to say my experience the same/I taught my students compassion and caring,but not what they found in the real world.Sad:(
Really?? I'd love to read it! What a great topic. I didn't realize they appraise content, I thought they accepted all submissions.
I had fun with afta shock SD
oh aww poor austin
Gt this blunt bouta feel real nice:-):-) who wanna come smoke witt da kid;-)
Slept all 1st and now I'm home for 3rd and 4th #senioryear ;)
I want to be my #SecretSanta :D
pretty good... How you doin'
So how bout them avengers $$$
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Ensemble, Resident Play goes to... KING LEAR
Whatsup ? I think it's time to go to work partna!
I'm sad and negative right now im trying 2 maintain but how can you?? Getting off for the day or week (tears)
Working this week, going to miss you all
Dinner with at cads mono!!! Amazing food!!
that's the best snack... good call
please follow ! its JADENS OFFICIAL ARMY!Tell your followers to do the same<3thanks!OH! and they follow back!
Desire can be like a drug
how rediculous is the party scene in LA for Richie and Carts now? Its no Sea Isle!
yes! Gotta send my babies off to prom lookin hawt.
thank you!:)
Ha ha! I'm actually coughing right now. But, I think it's allergies.
Celebrating Anniversary today.
do you know which games i'm talking about? they are my secret shame/passion. it's like where al of my productivity goes.
RT : "To achieve your dreams, you must embrace adversity and make failure a regular part of your life." - John Maxwell
About to go on to promote solar energy systems. Our goal is 50 throughout District 8 for low-income homeowners.
Thanks so much for following me. I hope my tweets inspire you.
I'm also "employed, with a side of startup" (). Are you Indian? ("Karma"'s Indian, eh?) I'm Canadian. Undercover.
RT : Eyes of the nation will be on Bank of America & Charlotte. Respect shareholders & free speech
Thanks for the RT.
r u serious? Look what I resp
Looking like you are ready to get out and do #Something !
Another vegan web developer in Charlotte!? I think my brain just exploded. Happy to meet you.
Congrats on your poster! Soon, we'll provide you with a web badge to promote your session. Stay tuned.
Sounds of Theo's music in the lobby & smell of Saha food is idyllic. :) Come stay at Hotel Carlton for an experience to remember folks!
Hooker lose a critical #CivilWar battle due to mercury poisoning? Read GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan and find out. $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
at the same shop! They guy there recommended another sauce, but I'll buy yours to compare next time too! Yum!
We already have eaten there, I think. I believe you left your bag there two years ago.
Done with College WOOHOO!!--Back to DALLAS!! Summer Starts NOW ;)
wakin up is the second hardest thing in the morning lol
let me see what's up ... give me 10 min to resolve ... back shortly
Remember to come out to COPPERFIELD's tomorrow to catch our show! We go on at 12 am - perfect time to rock n roll!!
Wow! So glad I found you gals. Love your work. :-)
A special guest will be co-hosting with & on March 27th! We will be releasing more tomorrow!
text me
Fuller says dramatic changes in Loudoun's character would be near stations, not throughout county.
All that is for me to have and its been so far so good. RT What do u want from life
For Chula Vista, it's all about on #AmericanIdol tonight! Go Jessica!
Tattoo finally done love it Yeah Buddy
Oh boy! U know it's the AKA regional here? Don't get in trouble w/the pink&green!RT : bruhz coming owt tonight
2 mile run, check....time for Zumba!
I hate that I misspelled Spoelstra.
People would rather "jump into" knowledge. Don't give me a course on driving when all I need is to get to airport.
So Louis,you finally got that boat?
Heritage Coffee Company, Juneau, Alaska has a great Web for specialty coffee roasters in Juneau, Alaska. www.heritagecoffee.com/
Gonna party at the pool!
Oenotheque? Had a phenomenal bottle of that last week. Brilliant wine that just keeps rolling!
Walk out to your car in pairs tonight, rapes up 8%.
i got botox balls.. would you lick these balls lol in my dave chappelle voice
I'm not so andrea
you don't know the half.
2nite come 2 the Launchpad 4 DCD's 2012 Calendar release party, featuring Suspended, Requiem Mass, Caustic Lye, Torture Victim, & Diverside
guess ill finish watching think like a man
My head hurts. A lot.
Thanks for the BlogWorld RT! Are you planning to attend next year?
yes, home now after a lot of flying.
but not our intern's aunt?
smell of defeat =.=
Same shit jus a different day
OK COOL.
WASTE LAND. A documentary based around the lives of garbage pickers by Vik Muniz who creates art out of recycled material. So wonderful!
thank you thank you. website coming super soon:)
Join K-LOVE for an Easter Egg Hunt: 2-4 today at Riverside Park in RiversEdge II in Rio Rancho!
Slim's charges two dollars to print your own ticket instead of Will Call. This is the world we're leaving for our children?
Settling in for the eve w/ Green Flash Grand Cru.
Just because you can't see the air, doesn't mean you stop breathing. Just because you can't see God doesnt mean you stop believing.
RT : RT : Without healthy conflict, your development and work can become stagnant. - Lorene Schaefer
are you going to be home soon?
That awkward moment when you find out your friend is dating your ex
We are now on your smart phones!!! Come check us out!!
over all today was a legit day , he made my day <3
We are looking forward to seeing Barabara and Vikki at this week's MegaCamp for KW Commercial, and showing their App and Website!
Please open the LASER ACCURACY! Laser Pointer Store
Off to a bull roast hosted by my dad's MC.
That would be vintage Heather, all right!
ONE SHOW, we are done with you. #cyalaterSTRIDE. p.s. everyone knows totally winning it all.
I Hella Fucked Up My Freshman Year . .
Top Public Documents Masterfile searches in March: 1. Washington, 2. Spain, 3. First amendment
real housewives of new jerseey! (: try outs are tomorroww! (:::
I would walk through the desert I would walk down the aisle I would swim all the oceans just to see you smile
first experience with Megabus heading to Columbia and back today. Off to a good start: bus on time. Coming home at 4 today might be tricky
Here i go again...
ordering lunch from :-D #nomz!
Opposites attracted me to today's NY Times crossword puzzle.
Never heard such an eloquent burn RT "Your desire to live in the zone of proximal development is very low
No sacrifice, no victory.
happy birthday to my most gracious leader!
What a beautiful day here in Fort Worth! Its 80 degrees and sunny. Now If I could just import a beach!
If i think about it i slept for almost exactly half of today
$85 sounds like a bargain to me. Did your wheel taco, or just broken spokes?
“: Thanks to all our new followers! Be sure to follow us on our NEW channel #oneunion #merger” Let's see the magic!
Riding for Bike Safety
Hope you're having an amazing time! Totes jealous!
GAME 4 TONIGHT IN #SMASHVILLE!! LET'S GO !!!!!!
“All good books are alike in that they are truer than if they had really happened...” ~ Ernest Hemmingway
A rep from Wisconsin made negative comments about Michelle Obama saying that she had a big butt and should be telling us what to eat. WOW!
My hair got attacked by the humidity today. I hate humidity, love the heat though.
And there's some showmanship going on at The Garden, thank you very much.
I promise! lol I wouldnt do that to people I just send like 3 txts from my phone and they all have ringtones attached to them
yes I agree
I checked a couple of ur vids on YouTube that shits funny as hell ive been looking for something like that
lol was that me nd u who went off on drew that day. then tried to get him to retweet us? haha
RT : Another amazing weekend at , all thanks to my host/overnight roomie ! Thanks for everything once again!
looking forward to seeing you back on the course
stay positive.
My hearts heavy. .
I did! and i love this book... please follow me :)
I ALREADY FOLLOWED YOU & SUBSCRIBED YOU on keek, please………… follow back(: My name is
wow! i do remember cheese and tomato coming into it...#mental any plans for tonight?
There is always a bigger fish.
Air Force One flew over the meet. Not what i had in mind to see Obama, but I'll take it.
fuck that song that keeps reminding me of you
hi baby c:
We're with you! RT : No, really, I'm going #running any minute now.
I was Real happy to see u to Kayla I swear I was I will come around more. Call me ok.
juss nothing posted at tha crib
your welcome. No but seriously, its boring without you!
RT : Front offices of both Den and Mia remain extremely confident they will get Peyton Manning
Damn I have more fun going to studio than doing anything else ! Smh
I just finished a 1.07 mi run with a time of 11:14 with Nike+ GPS.
On his 30th birthday, my boyfriend has decided to break out his N64 and play. Should I be worried?
Confused right now. The Bartimeaus Trilogy... There're four books...? Jonathan Stroud, you failed.
How do people have drama? I guess I don't because I'm fucking spectacular.
Love always finds a way.
Just walked outside to find my dog laying in the grass eating an eggo waffle...
Human Cake Pop...you know it's that thing where midgets are covered in icing and take up pole dancing.
TONIGHT 6-8pm at NYU The Piers on Film artists and curator discussion!
Thanks , I hope so too!
#IMissWhen I would go to my moms room when it was raining.
She tried to sell some pussy to me for $40 a nut ..
ARE YOU FREAKING SERIOUS?!!!
Let's try that again...
i always have way too much energy
All I really need in life is Harry potter and pandora and sleep
Lovie Smith should quit and focus on his career as DayQuil spokesman... appropriate as he's always in a coma.
Watch Fox 2 News Detroit tonight at 5:30pm to see them interview Nancy Marshall about our new project!!
If you lie very still in bed in a hooded sweatshirt under all the covers, all your sad feelings get pulled into the threads of the sheets.
School is long and hard unless your Asian!
Moma show me how that neck feel later show me how the rest feel for now just chill-asap rocky
u just not used to this new technology
of course not.. Why? What happened?
smh......... I take back about what I said on you being friendly cuz that's the wrong word
seems there is a first for everything this season for delay..
txt me
Looking for a witty name for my wifi network. Suggestions?
don't hurt urself...it's just rock n roll dude :) live it. And tell -I'm about to go HAM. have fun over the pond!
I can't wait to see you next Saturday !
Calling Ira Glass, at this hour??!? Bold, TBTL, bold.
Dulles toll road morning traffic SUCKS!!! I'm burning up in this heated bus as we inch along.
with an "Animal Standoff" update: Either a blue heron or a pterodactyl just flew over my house. No more mixing"Terranova" and Nyquil.
Laughed so hard at that I am wide awake over here in Afghanistan.
about to make a move tht will make me fly or fall but taking risks is wat lifes about
Here we go MARQUETTE!!
that's just a pipe dream
Music time no more preaching lol
Welcome to Naptown Chuck Pagano! RT : League source tells PFT that Chuck Pagano will be the next Colts coach.
Wats up white boo!
I'm in straight party mode.
<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00B6><<== The only thing you can do to impress me
Stats seem random: I choose many 2- or 3-coin words in a row, yet my %age of 1-coins goes UP.
It's really amazing how one song can change your mood, thoughts and emotions.
Follow me on keek
AKA Heather Paige Kent. Looking great on #RHOC!!! (Went to SU with her!)
where do you teach EFL/ESL ?
Coming soon to a dock near you!
Not sure if you need reservations, but call 414-525-5635 4 more info. Hope 2 see u there!
no YOU'RE my role model!!!! Frickin Sam I haven't seen you in 17 years!!!!!!!! I need to see u!!!
so i basically quit softball. lol wut.
Lora Sasiela is having a virtual book salon tomorrow night about Women's Worth by Eleanor Blayney. Check it out at FinanciallySmitten.com
Why do I feel like I'm getting a cold? :(
Are the directions for the second skill test posted?
followed :D
thanks pa ;)
friday 4pm-6pm... hoping to find time between school & internship to fix site soon!
It's going to be tough but my digestive system will thank me later.
MLB season will start in 2 weeks
#Mayweather did his ass! but tht fight was too short!
We are truly amazed at how much great music is out there!! :)
Good morning
I hear you! My own moves around my house have been a regular 'Grapes of Wrath' of knit-office space acquisition.
Went to the firing range today... Those kids thought their Uzi was cool till they heard my M1 Garand! They jumped like girls!
I'm too old to be partying like this... Happy birthday to me!
unsat! Id pay more for better service. Im done with Delta.
on my way to work
damnit I totally forgot! Some fan I am haha
It's better than NC though
Ghetto people are always naming their kids after stuff they cant afford: Mercedes, Bentley, Pearl, Light Bills.
Up at 4:00 because I'm excited about #iedge today at UW...and the baby wanted a bottle.
- it was great seeing you there! We making waves, peeps just don't know it yet. Haha
Doing great where you from
Making chili and cheese hot dogs for #mondayfunday tonight! It will be just like being at the ball park!!
Unions organizing rally against Wisconsin governor
You just inspired a post on our blog. Thanks
HA! “: Mac: I hope Tim Miles knows the proper colors to wear when we play North Dakota State.”
My mom bday n birthday is way to close...may 11 may 13
Thanks to everyone that stepped into our living room tonight! It was a blast!
- I don't know. We'll have to wait and see.
People piss me off so much sometimes
Classical music on the way to school. Now that's pimp lol
Getting ready to upload some product to the website...any special pieces you'd like to see?
Outlets con mi madre :D
Dr. Maurice Watson of Macon, GA will explore Tuesday – Day of Teaching.
I was wondering what the cat on the cover had to do with anything.
Today is Monday day one of training I know I'm actor and comedian but I got a passion to box u only live once
cant call it... aint heard from ya!!!
i swear the dude that was just sticking Wade is probably still standing at that spot
dead on analysis. maybe it's to help the rest of them as well
dunna! havent even seen ya since primary school
Beautiful day in the #southwedge #roc - car wash, check!
Irony: Stan Van Gundy will probably make it through the entire #Magic season. Dwight Howard (obviously) will not...
Feeling pretty threatening these days.
haha, too cute! I think I would be doing the same! Hope you are fabulous, lady! Miss ya.
- are you the one who won the free t-shirt from streaker sports?? Random tweet I found when looking for your new work handle
w00t! Well deserved!
I’m working in Moscow & tweeting on I think this is the first time a NASA tweet has come from here. Cool.
God, I haven't been on Twitter in such a long time, I think I forgot how to tweet.
Like "damn girl, Ima be a muthafuckin' doctor. Save lives n' shiiiiit"
Popcorn! Band! Pandora's Box w/ live score starts in 10 minutes!
might be a little far <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>- satellite Dj? Could start a new trend
imyyyyyy you more!! I've been lost//: my apologies!!
Yay! RT : Balloons launching to the west
See you in June!
is the way to go!!
RT : Can't help but wait.
Cats or Cards?
Bryzgalov must translate to Laundry in Russian, with how often the flyers are leaving the man out to dry
Rayce has to win this! WOW!
Bullpen.....WTFFFFFFF. shame on the front office,and the pitchers.
Would you rather have a really deep voice or a squeaky one?
Brb, gonna go take a hot shower. It's like a normal shower, but with me in it. ;)
Let's start subtweeting. Go!
Ugh. The future of media looks like bleak.
Getting my Twitter situation settled.
#snl is so funny! haha greek god of finance!
You picked us up over a year ago - I think we're overdue for a repeat. Name the date for a tasting! .
i love you too!<3
Barbara Tuchman~ To a historian libraries are food shelter and even muse.
Lmboo that deserves a mic toss to the neck! Smh
I need me a SUPER FREAK!!!
#AskAustin what's ur hat size?!?
": ive accepted jose tabata as my lord and savior." Who hasn't?
Autism Awarenss... I read this as Austen awareness and wondered at the debates that would provoke!
idk what happened, but I just got this tweet lol I'm sorry
what it do fam?
So uh... I hear you do a great impression of me ;)
How's he gonna take his fan posters?! What's gonna happen to him and the crew? :/
the fireplace and front door lol
thanks dude
Watched another crazy movie, Robbin said the book was even more disturbing - 'Let's talk about Kevin.' Damn. (with Robbin)
Whoot! Text me :)
Thank you! to bad i have basketball so they come off soon ):
Jamie Moyer at 49 and almost 1/2 years, becomes the oldest pitcher in MLB history to win a game.
“Betrayal is never easy to handle and there is no right way to accept it.” <U+2015> Christine Feehan
please notice me!!! please 15
I have found my kryptonite and it goes by the name cheese danish.
Still can't believe the venerable NYC club, Limelight, is now a mall.
aw your uke friday made my heart smile YAY for the return of Uke friday!
well, that's disappointing. I straight loved LAST LIFE
Asma #Assad, the "real dictator", ever heard what happened to Marie Antoinette?
First some1 told The TGIF shirt was sold out. then i change the shirt to Red PRIME and use the buy 1 get 1 free but only 1 shirt
RT : We will be at the MWC regular season champion SDSU women's basketball game tonight. Will you be there?
Use the bricks people throw at you to build a castle.
Huh. Interesting...
Wow ... We finished right on time at 11:24 ! Average team pace at 6:59 !
Happy birthday
It got cool again, so today I'm wearing a vintage looking sweater from Nine West and my new Hudson Jeans Devon bootcuts. How 'bout you?
Followed For you!! xoxo. Plz follow:D
I'm really sleepy
haha i can see your entertained xD
Thanks for the shout out!! It was a great crowd :>
Congrats! That's so awesome. Proud of you!
I HAD EVERY REASON!
Amazing weekend with my sister! I'm happy.
: "DON'T TALK TO ME! I'M WATCHING DOWNTON ABBEY!"
Definitely need a beer.
“We are very careful about what features we add because we can't take them away.” ~Steve Jobs
PLEASE TEXT " A" TO 79922
Great coverage on today's small business financing forum in #Riverside; shout out to !
#GossipGirl date tonight!
movie was a disappointment but the music was great (Moody Blues 'Nights in White Satin' over the opening credits was brilliant)
Also difficult: Resuming gym habits, ending fast food gluttony.
En route to Phoenix to take a look at the Arizona Connections Academy. Can't wait to hang out with their awesome admins and teachers!
Real life is funnier than fiction.
dm me ur number i dnt have it and it would be good to hear ur voice again, and i see ur all over the map like usual
You told me it was during school:(
Know a school or company that isn't a member of ACUTA but should be? Email Amy Burton, , with member recommendations!
They've always taken res on Fridays, they just really overbook. Be early - trust me.
Yep lol the future is very scary we going to be screwed
Writing new material.
YOOO! People need to brush their fucking tongues, LOL.
Dear God. This plane is microscopic. Joy.
phill's ice house. Excellent buns.
Astonished that original "Team USA" story is not on list. "Miracle" (2004) about USA Hockey team and coach Herb Brooks.
Sky Eats Airplane + Of Mice & Men + Djent = Glass Cloud
It's official
Jesus: Children you do not have much time before I come to Judge.
The more you select only the colors that look great on you, the better chance you will have of creating a #wardrobe you absolutely love.
Okay. So I'm dying listening to Cody sing Beautiful People /:
Finally a night to just relax <3
attendance but you get my drift??
Thanks for the like on FB! This is my personal account and you sound also connect with
#ToastAnyDayNowAfterJune5 RT Huh, #perpwalker not trending yet? That's okay, I can wait. Hahahahaha!
aw thanks so much!
that's never good. Gb might take over like in the movies. Like spider man
Have a good time. Will be watching from home.
#thatkid that sings aerosmith on the bus...
Finally done with my math staar ^—^
Thanks! :) Xo
and we you. Have a great evening. I've enjoyed hearing your tweets.
The language of friendship is not words but meanings
I just saw ppl booing and stuff
I'd have a hard time responding politely, too -- library= free, so how much more free do you need???
Toaster ovens.
Wireless access now available in the Stacks Tower at Thompson Library - for your studying convenience.
haha, thanks. yeah, a hand washing over achiever i am NOT.
My plan to leave the NC Democratic party in shambles when I leave office seems to be working!
Change does not necessarily mean death of something. In most cases it's all about "survival". We evolve in order to survive. -Rio
today's weather-appropriate activities: reading poetry, making soup, snuggling with cats. check. check. check.
Going to bed.. dont feel good. Night.
Go follow&tweet if you want your name in a book she's giving to Cody! Only the first 10 people will get in!
He dont want you
will do
Would you prefer I pay you in pesos or food stamps?
thanks sister
How do you eat healthy while on the road? Shoot... Idk what to eat.
Forget your job description. Be willing to extend yourself. Add value. Help others.
thanx for the follow
ahahahahahahahaha maybe it has more than 1 use? “ It kinda looks like a dildo that you curl your hair with haha”
thank you bud. I appreciate it.
what did you focus on during your workout? What is sore?
We don't, but that would be a great service to offer.
hey lady! How's the script coming along?<f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D> I know there's a part for me, right?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Blasting The Weeknd because these reffs keep blasting reggeton
please strongly consider to be next President of the He's qualified, driven, ready.
It's tragic really...
When is it my turn to have a cute relationship?
If not controlled, work will flow to the competent man until he submerges.
Awesome day of travel with - met a ton of great Dems too
Getting up for SCS in the morning is not worth it anymore #wasitever?
Do not let someone else try to define you. God's got you!!!!
(there's a new iPad coming out ... tho I was on the site for a much less exciting acquisition)
been there. Completely understand. But at least it gives you guys to root for when things are tough: like Pedroia, A-Gon, Cody Ross
How long has she been that guy's girlfriend?
Quite delicious, if I do say so myself ;) You should take a drive up to give it a try!
Of course I run into people I know in the streets of Paris.
RT The rate of work-related injury 4 construction workers higher than the national average U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
happy early birthday!!! 21, you better get white girl wasted. :-)
cheers bro!
well twitter i am back i just got home from a b-day party very fun and the hole time i missed my bf! :(
want the shoes for $80.
New media literacy includes students as producers, vs. just users, of information. Joyce Valenza
Keep up your great work Afropop! You are playing some of the finest music in the world -- sadly not well-discovered. here as yet.
Good job Grant!
congrats on winning the Tarheel tournament this past weekend in LA...great job coach!!!keep it up
"Woody's world.. was one where speaking truth to power was not futile." He tried to answer Hank Williams' question.
(building off of ): Internet's cybergeography as queer space w/queer temporality of multiple presents
non-productive day again smh
Amendment to preview post. They're not PeeHeads. Mom now calls them PeeBlossoms. I didn't ask. I don't want to know. I'm just the messenger.
#HowImGRAND No matter what I saty stron and don't hurt myself(:
thank you so much :-)
funny stuff lol
What kind of offcers would you like to see samplesaint offer?
Bear hugs from are the best... At crushing your lungs! D:
Amen to that.
I doubt it. He also ended dont ask dont tell.
we didn't have a quiz last Friday so all of that is fair game I'm assuming
Can't wait to see what you have coming up!
Me: OMG GIVE ME YOUR HAND ON THE 22ND. My mom: How much do you wanna bet he'll ask Katelyn to marry him then? *fangirl heart breaks*
I love that it is starting to get warm out!
I can't RT because your tweets are private :)
TOLEDO! We're playing with April 25th, at Frankies Inner City!!! Get your tickets from us!!!
its all good :-) i know tat wen its ttat early n people.talk to me i fall asleep lol
Every comment you've made about the facility says you're happy, but arent' we nearly where outgrows Jeld-Wen?
That is so kind of you to say, thank you! The feeling is entirely mutual :) Now, how do I make that tweet my ultimate favorite...
TWit me if you know peeps in Rome, NY. I need shoppers. *sigh* I'd rather go canoeing in the finger lakes, but. . .
Pray in groups & keep the focus on God. Praying together w someone of the opposite sex can lead to intimacy not intended.
you're out school now?! :D
i really hate when people lie!
Very impressed with the quality & taste of the food presented today at the allergy friendly brunch hosted by &
When u high noodles are so nasty
dude I'm jealous
spent the night re-reading a 6 yr old 188 pg hybrid experimental novel I wrote in grad school thinking of sending it out to publishers again
Justin Long would make a better Steve Jobs. Plus, he isn't plagued by dinosaur sex scandals.
Oh, Strasbourg! Lucky you. :)
Congratulations Chris ! Stay humble.
Oh, gosh, my stomach just made a noise that sounded remarkably like thunder. Really looking forward to eating people food again.
If you had a great childhood, express your gratitude for it by helping other children have one free of violence & free of sexual abuse.
Softball season opener tonight at 7. It's raining. I can throw 7 strong in the slop.
i really love all my followers. you guys rock :D
Glad to hear it! I enjoy the ViaMe platform.
You're welcome. Have a good week!
Yay for the NEW FLOOR!
FREE FLIP HD CAMERA! Follow to get yours! Luv these guys!
Hope it works :)
#inspired by 's _Hey Vodka, It's Me Chelsea_. A #hilarious memoir is in the works... now!
Super sore from Zumba Toning yesterday! I love working new muscles.
My dog really enjoys eating moose nuggets.
I have officially made speech therapy fun - the siblings are all asking for Say-N-Play! Better articulation for everyone!
hahaha one year he named some bitch "tree" i loved that shit.
We'll see. I've been keeping photos and notes as I go. If this whole indoor garden thing works like I want, I'll do the blog.
Happy Thanksgiving!
you played a pretty solid game of Bellagio 2/5 NL. Live micro grinder?
an equally dangerous activity!
i gotta go bye and plz fllow me or
“: ah perfect! Well i like your red shoes” Thx I also have blue,purple,and green
PLEASE say more about this Diane.
Edited book reviews sent off.
I'm in, counting on you to keep me informed about D-town! Hope you are great!
I think we will. I think you make a product for the need now. No plan for years down the road.
leaving las vegas, didn't lose a dime
it's seriously better than CSI
Hahaha that's awesome
There really is nothing better than chilling out in bed watching movies all night with my love
i have a good christmas. didn't feel like christmas though.
RT : #FF - thanks for the #unstoppable support
On the road. Ready to get shit started
I was watching Dream Catcher at very tense part when the electricity in the entire area goes out. Perfect timing.
You make so much since. But you're right, it's past your bed time. Good night, asshole.
WILLOW! Who knew?! So happy to see you!
where in europe
Im in such a good mood.
I just found my wife's g-spot. Turns out its at the bottom of my wallet.
#blackpeople do you by sunscreen? No? Not even if you're going to be in the desert for 3 days? I dunno if I need it or not
oh the comments you see while monitoring a brand's Twitter account. Thank you, crazies, for keeping it interesting
#YouGettinPunchedIf Im in the Studio Working on a Song & U Come in Freestyling Some Bullshit
Who puts on a shirt when you are soaking wet Jack????
and Let the fans pick 10 topics to debate. I am suggesting all-star weekend. can moderate.
#Who is the best team in the NFC at the moment? #Falcons, #Eagles, #Bears, #Giants???
Tonight, I get my car and my dog back! It's been a long week without them
Wish my life was like the movie Grease it seems so fun!
they so spoiled but so cute!
- best i can tell Spreewell was $23.7 million over three years remaining.
Hello. How's your evening?
so how do you wanna go?
Awww your heart is broken isn't it ?
Mark your calendars. April 1 is our grand opening.
I eat cereal for dinner because I defy all the conventional norms of society
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!:)
Zoo-wee Mama. Hahaha
I been about a dollar like 99 cent
hey realizing that the greats who went before you are a little...odd sure makes it less nerve wracking to apply for jobs!
venturing out to brooklyn to see
Are you in Green Bay for camp with the Packers???
Yall should see Lil Mama on #ABDC , she must be Trayvon Martin
Seriously - how amazing is Jessica Sanchez on American Idol??? That girl can sing.
me too! Its a good thing bc when we get old we'll look like were in our 20s haha
I agree that both are important to show...good point coach!
Yo philly everyone that gets the ball they shoot smh no passing or nothing!!!
Adapted Screenplay goes to... The Descendants
is dead.
I never had the chance to thank you for the wonderful business advice and #professional #business #coaching! Thank you.
never tried bacon in the crust but my wife makes an excellent bacon Apple pie! The trick is candy the bacon first.
Here’s your reminder: Taxes are due next Tuesday, April 17. “Like” this if you are procrastinating and filing this week.
RT: CA Gov. Brown, smiling, at SF presser: "I don't read the WS Journal. If it's not in the Chronicle or the Bee, I don't know."
The hype is real them cool grey 12s are disgustin
bwahaha! man, i'd like to know the average yearly income of recreational marathon runners...bet it is easily $65K+
that's what I like to hear
Watching....u looked great!
I hate waiting on people, I have to go to work!
Looking for Chi Tech Writer who knows InDesign and has built furniture from IKEA, for a ST project. Bilingual: Spanish would be good too.
Heat? What heat? Oh yeah.
ms doubt fire
My friends always make things better<U+2764>
#InTheSummer I wanna be so drunk I won't I remember half of it ;)
Rise and shine hope you have a great day <U+2665>
Great tip!! RT : Be sure to bookend workouts with healthy meals or snacks to get the most out of them
Haha love it!! Any chance you'll be in Philly for PBLI this weekend?
The easiest way to stop giving a fuck, is to never start.
Join us for the 2nd annual Paige Haas Benefit this Sun, Sept 26 at Noon. More info: www.thescreaminggoat.com
hating cardiology more by the minute
Lol, I wish. But I'm too in love with iPhones <3 I'd miss it too much. Plus, I get a new phone in January anyways.
finally can eat some real food tomorrow....girl scout cookies here i come
Ignorant people never truly understand anything.
ok, that is fair enough. He does have a pretty sick name though.
who the hell is Joan Isaac Cuenca Lopez on Barca?
This weekend at UPC Cinematheque: THE PRINCESS AND THE FROG Thu-Sat at 7 PM, and UP IN THE AIR Thu-Sat at 10 PM w/ matinee SATURDAY at 2.
#fridayreads re-reading Beguilement by Lois McMaster Bujold (love it!) and starting Red Prophet by Orson Scott Card
BEST AT ACL
Back to some more therapy today.
RT " When given the choice between desserts order all of them!"....nice :-)
That sounds like an interesting way to start off the day.
according to a bunch of dm's a lot of peop,e are saying bad things about me. ;)
These weak as Lakers are done. Stick a spork in these niggas.
#Yankees with an amazing comeback at Fenway!
make sure to get out there. It was amazing. Nothing like hooking up with packer fans on the other side of the world
So is ny ready for irene IM NOT that bitch has GOT TO GO lmaooo
BS, Beckham pushed him off the base
syd. Your birthday is in November.. And its dylan holland
Dolly Parton should perform "I will always love you" at the Grammys
Isn't it crazy! It gets me every time as well. Simple yet hilarious.
Don't forget to watch the #Billboard_Music Awards coming up on Sunday, May 22nd on ABC!
I'm still in shock I mean really that quick but its a good and happy shock!
These cheeseheads trying to cover Nirvana on #thevoice ... shows you how original cobain was...
Poised Creation has heard your requests, we want to bring you music the way you want it!!!
Got to school 2 hours late today talk about
i don't think the sony 4k resolution blu-ray unit BDP-S790 unit will come out this ever if so when?
wish I was there! Have fun guys!
Can't sleep. 4am if I get up animals will want to start the day silently singing songs lalalala
Hey Mags! I'm takin over Twitter. Thx for everything! Would you RT our coupon? Thanks! The other magneticpix chix
truth, Where is the big and tall section, little people?
Everyone at South Hills Audi would like to wish you and your families the best during this holiday season and safe travels this weekend!
Awesome to see here ... when will Chase the Bat Dog join up?
utes will give you good news,Don't read if u cant 4ward ..God has seen you struggling with something. God says its over. A blessing is comin
Music makes me think about things I would never think of
my android is craving #instagram. It's almost here!
Christian Marclay's Clock screening this weekend at LACMA!!
is awesome! Thanks for the follow
my 140 character limit can not get anywhere close to what you mean to me. I Love You. <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093><U+2764>
I'll try and fix my grammar mistakes.
A drop in the ocean a change in the weather I was praying that you and me might end up together!
i heard we were playing hoop in austin...is that still on?
Looks like #HeavenFest is filling up! Who did u come 2 see today?!
lol Sheesh...Already giving me a hard time. Imagine when we actually unofficially tie the knot. Hell on Earth!
Want them to talk about terrible fundamentals, $1.12/user, poor mobile, etc? Talk of Facebook's IPO Roadshow: Zuckerberg's Hoodie
If you want to be loved, you've got to love other people.
There is a diversity of levels of awareness and concern, degrees of pacifism. I think MIC is a good starting point, however
Yes, I'm blessed. Glad you are blessed in being a parent!
The day I turn 18, it's goin down
Clients are looking at many different ways for lawyers/law firms to create values. AFAs are a piece of the puzzle.
Broadway Theatre Center to Host Unprecedented Open House Friday, July 29, 2011 from 5:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m.
If it's later tonight at Red Door, then I am game.
Ever walk the streets of Paris listening to new tracks you made and feel like the world bless you?
Technical difficulties please stand by. Meeting should start momentarily.
Shopping with the mommy :-)
right?! That's what I was thinking
Anniversary wknd: Fri nite Sounders game, slept in cuz is at Gma's, Distillery visit & lunch, dog park. Next: Le Gourmand!
bittersweet indeed.
who doesn't?
Good Morning.....and much more importantly.....Good Night!
I have some pretty dope shoes
RT : "I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done." Lucille Ball
Everyone go follow #FOLLOWHIMNOW!
what doesn't kill you makes you strongerr
"You know he's going to forget you after he graduates, right?"...worse thing I heard today. Thanks so called 'friends'. :/
What baby is that?
I'll make him an offer he can't refuse - The Godfather, spoken by Al Pacino
RT The Giant in the Wheelchair I: It's Out. It's REALLY Out. goo.gl/fb/Fbgpj
Go #RMsports! RT : What came first; the chicken or the egg? RM Victories or RM Fan Support? Athletes Support Athletes. Be there.
Rest in peace Ben Koier, such an amazing person. You always taught me to live life to the fullest and stay true to me. Love you bud.
Hey miss dance alot. They just come out of last fire. On this next week for you.
obviously I understand why that's actually not so funny, but it's a chuckle-worthy phrase. :P
How to make more people care/notice/spend money, even when nothing of any significance is happening--relevance beyond worth.
One day in Portales, a woman lay unconscious; a barn burned; an alarm rang. Next day, a cat lay dead; another alarm shrilled into the dusk.
I love you much more
That was a frustrating game that the US should have clinched in the first half.
The garbage disposal took it over the top.
thanks you guys!
Truth is stranger than fiction! ": I wish normal things happened to me but the things that do happen beat all the normal things."
On my grind finishing up what needs to be DONE #CollegeBound :)
Doh! How could I not think of those totally valid reasons?
Going to practice shagging balls with Dom Brown. He so silly. Be Back Later.
waitn for my sis to get home from skewl !!!
Got to live life or life isn't worth living
Best bumper sticker: my brother is autistic and he is badass.
Whats a good ass night for you?
join us Justin lol
I want to send kids in Africa copies of the hunger games so they know what real struggle is about
coincidence? i think not! thanks for leading the charge.
You still dont follow my tweets?
Damn Friday night was wild as fuck..I needed that. School tomorrow tho -__-
I have no clue, maybe your getting to much of a boner over Twitter, I guess
*falls asleep* RT This morning's motivational music was provided by Katy Perry.
Tuts+ Premium is the more start-to-finish training, where net.tutsplus is little tutorials on how to do specific things
Dogs make lousy poker players. When the get a good hand they...wag their tails.
USA!!!!! Justice finally served!
- congrats on all the success and media coverage! WE LOVE BarrysBootcamp San Diego!
I've already cut it down 4 times!!!
I want to meet in Columbus again. Soon.
Happiness is running into for an impromptu walk through Adams Morgan. Highlight of my day!
I feel ya! I have a Broker License exam tomorrow for FINRA/SEC
- aww, thanks! Right back at ya' sister!
I agree w this! :) cool 4 sharing!
HAHAHAHA. *loses mind*
CANDIDATES, the FREE review will be discontinued at the end of this month:
Leah says,"Let me get you drunk". Happy Hour all day!
...that's a single and a two-base error for Green? That doesn't make sense.
Its sad to know that kerry collins is retiring, and I think after Steve Mcnier,Collins is the best QB Tennessee ever had.
Had a dream that a Chipotle was being built on my street. In Istanbul.
lol! Sounds like an entertaining morning!
Go ahead and mail me one of those so I can give it a listen to make sure they pressed it properly.
Adventure Run this Thursday night at #Greenlake ! We're hosting the after party - featuring $1.50 pints!!
I want another tattoo... Hhmmm maybe the tree of life going up my side?...
Someday I'm going to prove everyone wrong.
will do. Becky put it together and based it on reenactment camp and battlefield set up... will provide some feedback.
Forgetting what lies behind I press on... May I be forgetful and able to focus on today!
we all gave so much money to the Little Sisters of the Poor
(In my rick ross voice) I love my bitches
Just had my memory refreshed on why I LOVE JOHNNY DEPP.
- I was thinking weekday, but weekends might work. What would work better for you? I'm on Mountain Time, 2 hours behind EST.
i seriously shouldn't be allowed to handle anything hot, i always fucking burn myself.
Just trying to sort out my life.
you should do one!!
Happy 22nd birthday to my little bro, . Love you. I won't even say stay out of trouble on your bday trip. Just don't get caught.
u'll b sitting there for ur work. RT : Can't wait 'til your turn comes! Will you get me a gig as a seat holder? :-)
Up already though
Somehow cam log missing with no help from cam crew, wht the f#%!. Thx goodness Joe is our Visual effects guy who can improvise.
Tomorrow night I just want someone to keep me company while I do nothing.
YES, for sure!
In about 2 hours my lil sis is gunna go into kidney surgery.... Good luck:-[
Also, I need more opportunities in my life to use the phrase "telegenic dons"
Bought a Lenovo laptop in April.
“: I want a frostly lifestyle crew neck so bad where do you get one ?!?!”
Still so strange to say I am 16 years old!! Not much different about me. I still LOVE what I am doing...singing and songwriting, YAY!
My 3 Words for 2012: Listen, Share and Experience.
I had Hot Wing Ravioli, mom PastaPrimavera, G/F PastaPrimavera with chicken, dad SpaghettiandMeatball. All very good!
I can't believe I've warmed up to Kim Z from RHoA-actually liking Don't be Tardy for the Wedding
Love your Hair for the rest of your life Salon Ramsey www.salonramsey.net 404.841.1499
House: vendors should be on the list to do business in the state, and watch for regular updates
Mac Miller Shares Story of Meek Mill Friendship, Confusion Over Names
Thanks for RTs!!!
Sitting through first appearances is depressing.
I need some nude colored lipstick before Saturday
A couple of Mt Vernon Favs: Helmand (Afghanistan Cusine), Iggies pizza, Brewers Art, Sasha's (closeish to the Hippodrome)
You get in my way while I'm tryna get mine & I'll bump you
RT : I favor the separation of church and hate.
Agreed. It's not just the sound engineers, it's everyone who is even remotely aware of sound technology.
Hahahahaha RT : clippers gear is still available for purchase in la. it's never too late
I want pics! RT : My dad got his first tattoo last week, and got his second two days later. Both on his neck. What a bad ass.
Pretty excited to hear speak tonight at Chicago Theological Seminary.
new <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A8> also
not ready for overtime
: Nothing wrong with the Lakers and nothing wrong w/me...just going to take us lil' longer to win this series than we thought
Being able to visit my boyfriend on lunch breaks >
I hope you're going to poke your head in on Thursday and Friday.
hi I'm actually on...so yeah c:
in sunny new offices in WV. Decals on window today! working on bankruptcy schedules. Heading to Wheeling 4 West Liberty Entrepreneur event.
"& I hope he thinks I'm cool, too." Lololol
BREAKING NEWS: Chinatown Small Biz, Asian-American, and Community Groups File Appeal to 11th Hour Walmart Building Permits
Love Robert Flores on #Sportscenter opening today, "Hello to all watching me on big screen tv ur about to buy at your fav electronic store!"
Really hoping that this day flies by!?
Fear Factor >
Studio going in
There would be no way I would let a presidential candidate pick up and kiss my baby. Especially Gingrich.
I put ellipses but actually don't know what I think of that. It just seemed like the girl loved books & would probably write them some day.
Thanks for the RT!
thanks so much! appreciate the twitter promotion! :)
And that's why I tell bad Hockey fans to watch the #NBA. Get out of our sport & go watch something simplistic.
Hi...are you creating a directory?
Band practice later then home for some amityville horror. Scare me ryan reynolds!
Thought the concert started in an hour. It started 45 min ago. Ok then.
I owe BIG TIME.
NEED 400 FOLLOWER BY MONDAY
You "force" me to upload a video? Who are you Hiro Nakamoro? hehehehe we
Just got the nicest compliment from one of our past guests. We've been very lucky to interview some wonderful folks on the podcast.
Starting today off with coffee and muffins :) such a good combo...
gudmornin twitter ppl!!
I bet its all goodie one day imma have a Granola bar and u go want some and imma say No :-(
Its raining in Fort Worth!! ;) #finally rain #thank God
know what?
The less you know the better..
Need to sleep but no one will let me
many thanks for the follow! It's so cool to connect with others interested in the same stuff but working in different fields.
Hey ! Fix your unsubscribe page. Stop sending your crappy SPAM !!
inspired by #saa11 haikus. wrote one for my session but didn't air it. Reach beyond borders/to advance an agenda/for the common good.
Lol sad RT : he'll yea i ain't got no energy tonight
Getting on Facebook. But this never happens.
sounds good!
Fist in the air! RT : #LGBT Activists urge to put pen to paper on Workplace Protections
overdose x jamie foxx .
They're not.
Wow! The last 3 days have been an absolute dream!!! And that was just the first half! here we come!! <3
it's just so brutal around here, nothing is working. Between mold and tree I should just live in a bubble
Don't complain about grading 100 essays over the weekend. You assigned them.
Thanks and keep supporting
Lol Wow! :) That is totally a God given talent. #Amazing Keep up the good work! ;)
Like It Now BELIEBER
I have a whole entire playlist dedicated to Drake... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Sorry for the delay, Got long Gold at 890, added at 810
Happy anniversary We share the same wedding date
We can't wait either...:)
apparently you've died multiple times.
In the middle of the packing/loading process. Who says moving can't be fun. Um, well, I do. I'll miss you Boston, you grumpy old codger.
shit noobs say, why? Do you still not have enough clips for the YouTuber video?
Success for Managers is: Time to help my own people realize who they can be, not just what they can do.
the average man falls in love 7 times before he gets married
Just borrowed the camp truck , took old rusted roofing, etc. to the dump, er, transfer station. Always fun. Organized, recycled.
Sounds like me and light skinned heauxs instagrams... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Jethro to sponsor Extreme Bass Tour 2012. Good luck on the Big O this weekend. Free Jethro Bait wil be given to all Contestance
and we got each other on math and English
wtf is the deal with politicians from NY?
Take you to an island no not revis
Every role Liz has ever played. She did it so perfectly. She's exactly who I want to be.
Time vortex!
There's an old Chinese saying that I just love. "The temptation to quit will be greatest just before you are about to succeed"
All fanny packs are now hipster fanny packs. It's like saying "hipster trucker hat" or "hipster shitty beer"
looks like the launch may be delayed
You can get Florense announcements on our Twitter page! Follow us
Coach, Cam Johnson's sack-fumble recovery may be the most spectacular defensive play in UVA football history. Wahoowa!
Reminiscing w/ Snook about living with and wondering at the same time how this place never burned to the ground.
where are you sitting? I'm at the bar ne xt to the scoreboard
Awesome day at the Business Expo with Getting involved with local business is the way to go!
Thanks! Will look forward to your contributions!
But I just can't bring myself to teach a session on email etiquette in a history of theory course, so I just silently judge.
The little engine that could?
#ad2dc Group thoughts on Volkswagon Dog ad: disconnect.
WHOA. #mindblown. Think Mamacita's learning? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
hahahaha how is good ole' EC?!
Back in the game again. Just booked 08/28 Mastering The Audition seminar in Dallas. TV season is coming up. Are u ready?
21+ the move in DC tonight is CURRENT 1215 Connecticut AVE NW DC Email FULL NAMES 2 w/ Current as subject
Ahh, blasting Hollywood Nights on Beautiful night in Rochester!
hell yeah stalkers gotta go !
Thank you again for the follow. I've had to stop at 16 piercings because girlfriend says I am spoiling my beauty ^_^
Ugh.. don't swing at that Jeter!
please follow!
This guy next to me on the bus keeps clearing his throat...makes me want to punch him in the throat!
who's your favorite member of 1D
NA I'm not up for the challenge ^__^
Our apologies, but phones and internet are down at the office today. Verizon is on the case, so hope to be back up later today.
Comes with the era. Thought the take on it was a lot of fun compared to the others of its time.
Thanks to Matt Birk, , Jeff Schultz, , and Charley Toomey for joining , !
Watching movies chillin
Brendan never called........
Ceremony in Bailey's Harbor; Reception in Egg Harbor. Kitchenette would be ideal, but price is obviously a factor.
Probably an honest mistake when keying in the amount. I'd let it go this time. If it was larger or happens again there...
That could be arranged! Text me!!
Jennifer Rhorer! Thank you so much for the helping hand! <3
Great space at the Standard Grill - and I like the lobby decor - still am amazed by the Highline...
So ready to sleep in tomorrow :) and "study."
BAM. That's a bunker-busting truth bomb that goes as deep as the soul can.
Just woke up from a slightly too-long nap and I don't feel terrible.
That's awesome! Congrats, Koes!
If you are looking your ideal jobs in Georgia. You are in the right place Urecruitme LLC.
$FBCD Vol ALERT from yesterday still going strong...
Enjoyed your latest blog post. Any chance you can change the comments area so it doesn't have to connect to another app?
In an attempt to appeal to the common American and show a more human side to his campaign, Romney has announced his running mate: Joe Buck
Hey, did you get a chance to checkout true colors i sent?
RETWEET IF YOU LOVE
It’s never too early to talk to your kids about strangers. Teach them to never allow someone to enter the home without an adult home!
its a boy cigars
ROAD TRIP.(: WITH MY TEDDYBEAR(:
that's also an important aspect. Know that can help price products/services better, and possibly have incremental pricing.
sm unicorn h same meaning as smh but added "unicorn" puts the speaker higher above the other. There4, making them more dominant.
Why does Mississippi State have so much talent and be that terrible? Umass is handling them at home!
- Glad to see you will be at #ASTD2012...Yukon is too - we'll stop by to say hi in person. :)
:-) thank you Chris...we'll catch up at Pod Camp!
Making cookies for tonight's stitch-n-bitch. Step 1: open box of frozen dough...
Why is it, that no matter how hard you work, it is never good enough for any one else, and they don't appreciate how hard you work?
We're all blessed with the same 24hrs in a day. Yet some accomplish way more than others.
he gives us demerits for laughing during silent lunch -__- dymbass freshies(:
Happy birthday
I think that I half all his hitsongs
Shouts out 2the 9,500 lazy, tax-mooching, newspaper-reading, rubber-room dwelling, burden-on-society union teachers!
- #DamonNaked is a hot topic!
when you and alex went #hatting!(:
totally going for 2 layers of cashmere tomorrow
Thank you! ;)
Come give our froyo a try, we always have at least two sugar free flavors on tap!
If you like #Downtonabbey rent Upstairs Downstairs and/ or The Duchess of Duke Street.
"The Bridge on the River Kwai" (1957)
"People asking me, how do I know what I believe? Well I'm not the same me."
Even MORE sad now :(
It's National Kiss Day, which is actually a whole lot better than dadada.... #Fridaythe13th. Be careful out there Tweeters!
I want to thank everyone who took times out of their precious lives to check out my channel and videos.
Neil Walnock sucked anyway!
let go kevin harvick it my birthday get a win for me on sunday
Have a great trip! Hope to see you soon.
I know that feeling:) I liked a guy for 4 years and never told him! He also has a gf!:)
slow service tonight. killing me.
Home from set at 3:15AM today. Feels so early! Gonna catch up on some tv & emails & get to bed before the sun rises
work !? Ayee ! Where you work at??
I agree. Chicago doesn't seem to like logistics at all. Never had such bad cust-svc. Fedex now on unless contacted by
Hey followers: Follow - New Twitter member
Time to get down on the decks!!!
dear come to Dubai! Now!! Xoxoxo
going to be in Napa next week...anyone want to meet up for a glass of wine Friday 24th?
Just watching the vid for "Next Girl" by The Black Keys. I can't stop laughing.. god damnit. More reasons to love them.
it is also a surprisingly delicious drink.
Must of my comments aren't even about me personally, cause I'm doing great right now, just food for thought.
Good night, time for me to turn out the lights and recharge.
Yes, we ARE the REAL Poker pro Magazine! Thanks Twitter for everything :)
Packing for rhode island!(:
Don't try to equate same-sex marriage w/bigamy. Let's see you squawk about sexual abuse in the Catholic Church 1/10 as much.
#chatime allows you to choose the level of sweetner in your drink. I tried the hazelnut #bubbletea today on 80% sweetner
Great job on the film, Bully! Everyone, pls support this film! See it + sign the petition!!
the satisfaction of enjoying an "everything" bagel is immediately undone by the 30 mins of self-consciousness that follow...
Why is this such a ridiculous idea. I can see this working brilliantly.
When a client successfully lands the job, they return for another week’s worth of business-appropriates donated by supporters.
LOL - thanks! All startups need support and encouragement. Just doing my part.
It's a bit crazy but I respect it. She's just doing her own thing.
Thanks to all OKC Party Bus riders for an amazing weekend! Call now to check out our discounted summer rates! 405.447.2446 okcpartybus.com
Everybody says the first season's not as good. This means I will apparently be laughing so hard I throw up during future seasons.
ABQ ranked among 10 ‘best places to live’ by U.S. News & World Report online today. Due out in-print in the July edition. Way to go ABQ!!!
Every 40 minutes Pandora asks, "Are you still listening?" . . . It's like we're married.
we left 7 on the field with that James jones drop.
"WPT Vienna offered the biggest World Poker Tour event in history and ... for the win"-- i think you meant "biggest outside US"
RT : Just because you're single, that doesn't mean you should be unhappy in life.
Day7 of contacts-lost one for 20 min this AM. After searching all over the grimy bathroom floor, I found it stuck to the toilet seat. Win?
Sleeping in my cave. Will awaken and stomp my way over to tonight.
Glad it almost the weekend
child please i work for myself. just i'm contracted out for this one. doing paperwork @ home. #teamselfemployed lol
Acting class. Exhausted but I'm going anyway
Why can't I marry Zayn? All I want out of life is to be Mrs. Zayn Malik. :/
So do I!
RT : #citizendiplomacy needs your help: Congress proposing cutting Cultural Affairs budget. Don't let em!
Or rather, a rising tide of OOP engineers and cultural context making an idea like O even conprehensible to significant audience.
<U+E40E>fine I won't just cause you said not too. But someone needs to tlk to him about this.cause making you cry & feel bad isn't good
Heh. :D The hermit crabs don't care if I have coffee or not!
i wonder who was the first Muslim to look at a female and go "bitch u need to cover up from head to toe"
I get annoyed by people who constantly post pictures of their food.
it aint funny unless it has a big veiny pecker in it
an add for IE? HA. NO FUCKING WAY will I use IE again. EVER.
i control d rock, call me d new jz #i luv tha joker
"If this town is just an apple... Then let me take a bite" -M. Jackson <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+008E> Hello New York!!!!
First time at the #a4aChallenge? Or are you an advocacy veteran? We have policy & advocacy pre-conference sessions for everyone! See you...
Oh God! Please! Tell us what is #kerosene :)
As Congress continues to debate the new health care law, health insurance costs are still rising,
Getting my nails and toes done today :)
Happy Easter!!!
Want to be in my bed
why ruin a good thing? I'm at the top looking down!
Thanks to #BISG, #Kaplan, the presenters, and all participants for today's #Agile Content Dev Summit!
Hope you're not in any hurry to get home from school- I'm using your room/practice space to write songs for The Flips!
thanks for the follow :)
Get your waffle fix now! Our UW location is closing at today 4 and will be closed through Monday. We re-open Tuesday at 7 a.m.
Last performance Frost/Nixon at 7 pm!
We'll have a booth with our books/journals & will use #EEA12. Do stop by. what do you think?
frizzy hair :(
thank you working hard to honor them to raise money for other street dogs
it was super rude
oh hahaha... She got slapped with flour?
How true and very funny, except for the culprit, who is often relying on outdated law that no longer applies.
It's a new JENeration. (On The Floor) <3
I never implemented that. A woman's nature and biology goes far beyond my mathematical grammar.
sneaking a cigarette before the 4 pm show - the tourists are snarky today.....
awesome! I'm glad you liked it
Freestyle concert way back 90's.
awesome! Looks great!
I was so sada. I'm tweetin it up cuz my baby is a stupidhead
John Mayer Radio on Pandora... >>> Perfect when your all by yourself inna way.
How do I connect path to my twitter? I dont see how to do so anywhere on my iphone or the web site.
Maybe a new kitchen or bath for a C-mas gift. www.vcassociates.net
no funds:(
Failure is the key to success....
So what do you think about this Adele rumor...is she engaged or not?!
Looks like I'll be enjoying a day with my best friend!
I want to train with you before you leave LA!
#iUseToThink all white boys that sound black are fronting until I saw Malibu's Most Wanted lol.
"You built up a world of magic because your real life is tragic" definitely a #paramore kind of day!
Blasting while moving into my new office. Time to finally get organized.
I hate overtime but if you pay me 30+ per hour I'm here
why aren't you following me sis?
can't take an opinion serious if "like," you "like," keep saying "like" all the damn time "like," a highschool girl from "like," the mid-90s
One would think that adding money online would load to your card, apparently not. Its not like I have anywhere to go..
Know your risk: Age, gender, race/ethnicity, family history and other medical conditions can all increase your risk of heart disease.
How do I delete DM from from my account "nasty stuff about to you"? I delete & go back to check and they reappear. Can you help?
Hey . Whats up
Busy weekend with and working for Let's do this!
no i have faith in my team, we will still be a 4th or 5th seed but i know what to expect with the roster im not like..
People bitch about stealing music on the net but the truth of the matter is most bands today wouldnt even be heard of if it werent for that.
Martin Z Mollusk day in OCNJ today. Apparently the little bugger predicted an early summer for the 38th year in a row.
Wash away your mid-week blues with our Tuesday Special! One large 1-topping carry out pizza is just $4.99! Order online with PROMO – TUE499
Oh ok in that case LOL =-)
Can't wait to see my man on Desperate Housewives tonight! Yuuuummmmmyyyyy!
o you want to learn how to make Artisan Bread in your own home? Artisan Bread Workshop on Saturday, June 18 @ 10:30am
26 yr old is not the Business, but I sure as Hell will be celebrating tonight!
Despite the crazy crowd situation, the barista at the at Broadway and 75th St. NYC just made me a delicious double tall cap.
#ThingsIGetAlot "You look jsut like this girl I know."
I want to go to hogwarts
As funny as these Dorito ads are, why don't they make Doritos 3Ds anymore? Those were the best.
With doing a sunrise shoot!
Did you know I was a test tube baby? I had a woom with a view.
A Provost statement on #DH and P&T like the CIC Provost statement on #OA? Pros and cons being weighed.
I can't get over this video
good thing is my friends like zayn & louis. more haz for mmeeeeeeeeeeeee.
#Touch-just watched it again & I can't believe we have to wait till March 19 for more!
Why settle for taking medication that's not going to improve quality of life & increase the risk of negative side effects such as suicide?
I have figured out what my BLACK FRIDAY special will be! Stay tuned!!! ~Amber
RT : #ecstatic "In Living Color" coming back. Been waiting for this moment for years ...yayyyy!! ~ek
Wow. This hook is so awesome. I amaze myself sometimes
Can you pleeeasee play in buffalo this summer!
hey efe I told u rihanna is in battleship and u were like no
Good morning!
NFL Fans - come catch Packers v Giants at Whiskey Chicks - great food, great company, great drinks. 1/2 price apps with check-in!
Ur good at something! Stop focusing on ur weakness & work ur strengths on this earth! #success #secret!
If a friend can't stick by you on your toughest times in life she does not deserve to be called your friend
I have received over 10,000 #unpublished choral scores, and have performed, #recorded and published MANY of them.
Keep calm and love every second of life :)
I need Sum NEW INK!!
About to cut some bitches.
Who do you have winning for this weekend's games? Check out our freerolls and our great fantasy football games for this weekend!
“: if shes dressed head to toe in coach...shes probably a bitch. #justsayin” Bahahahahaha
W00t! Prepping for the #podcasting session at Toastmasters. Also speaking: Jeff Dance on storyteling and on great meetings.
More corn beef and cabbage. Extended St. Party's.
Altering your entire schedule to make sure your home in time for Austin's random ustream
Rock on!
Great NIT run by UMass. Next year they'll be ready to make some noise in the Big Dance.
TONIGHT: Tom Shaw on piano from 6-9pm at Max's Opera Cafe in San Francisco!
Lucey Kudos for Dorothy for praising Bob Costas interview it was had hitting and good questions we need more of that.
WHATS THE ADVENTURES FOR TODAY IF I MAY PRY?
There's no place like home, there's no place..say it....
Bosh getting manhandled inside. No call
This is crazy talk.
saw your show in chicago - in my son's words you are a "flat out beast" you were absoultely terrific- really enjoyed it
At the AFTA Convention launching Art Pulse!
Awwready!! I like the way you operate!!
School tomorrow, dont wanna learn
aww thanks! you seem sweet and your cute too btw :)
Someone mentioned they are doing repairs on the WBZ tower. and are using the choppers for that.
“: YES!!!” had pepperoni today!
cool. I'll get on there and check it tonight. I never use it normally so sorry if you have been waiting for a response :)
Can watch "My Cousin Vinnie" on endless loop "My-bio-logical-clock-is-ticking!" Her wardrobe and hair should have won Oscars, too
Only a few more days to ride the #MkeTrolleyLoop. Hop aboard today thru Sat from 11am to 10pm. Last day is Aug. 27.
Is there a synonym for homosexual that starts with an i?
was i supposed to work today?
I need that picture of Harry that's in your profile icon.
omg what did she do ???? and tell your followers to follow me plz or i wont give you the jb posters
mikey WAS so cute wen he was little but now he is just plain SEXY ;)
thanks for help with deals bar, much appreciated.
Ooh, sounds v sexy, but I'm happy where I am right now!
and i are all sentimental about leaving eau claire and graduating...
lol it's a problem now .
Tim Tebow is the cubic zirconia of the NFL.
oh shit. Where?
Phan crew ! Party hard all night ! :D
where is your mum?
Beauty is not caused. It is. Emily Dickinson
DONT FORGET !!! $1 MARGARITAS EVERY MONDAY NIGHT - SOUNDS BY DJ CHOP !!! 8800 BROADWAY- MAKE SURE YOU COME OUT !!! 18+
Lady Gaga is simply awesome
I should win. Goddamn Oscar for that kind of performance.
Hurricane one second, and sunshine the next. Thanks Florida.
Out too eat with my child grandma's sister mama & aunt & uncle missing my bby jasmine
have seen it more times than I should admit. No bad seats. For a creative, so much to take in. Feels like church to me.
Illustrator and FCP 7 open at once. Impending apocalypse - Melancholia style.
Blues jam @ Friends
Up so early :/
I see you and it warms my heart <U+2764>
Yay! :) RT : oh raven we missed you too
Hi - It's time for the May #lxchat. This month's topic courtesy of : lighting in found spaces.
Happy pancake day Newark - from team Travail!!
Pace of life feels more manageable this week, but staying up this late means courting disaster tomorrow.
George W couldn't produce a relevant pamphlet on economic reform, much less a book.
awe how cute
Employers are required to reasonably accommodate religious belief of employee, unless doing so would impose an undue hardship
haha school and a huge shit ton of work thats piled up -__-
I can't think of a news story in the last year that I haven't heard about first via Twitter. This is apparently my primary news source.
What's your secret? :-)
will be on friday from 5-6pm est signing autographs for fans!
I still prefer to use a print thesaurus. Weird.
If i dont have an appt by 1 im leaving.
I've had people take me up on crazy shit on twitter and I've never regretted it
Hey thanks for follow and good luck with your work
At the Alma panel; surprised how many libraries use Millennium with Primo.
. #FF they do great things!
come help then<33
RT : checkout they're doing some great stuff and might make for a great talk in february.
Oh geez!
keeping up wit the JONES
I understand!
I'll check, but I see your score in our system, so I'm not sure why just yet. I'll go in and add it in the roundup right now
Talking to myself cause I'm more interesting.
ah omg let's actually do this!
yeah, easier to walk away & let the bitter "experts" rant. They were gonna blame Trotz for a loss no matter who played or sat.
take it easy on that roid freak. He's trying to make a comeback.
Awesome!!! So glad we could be a part of it!
I now officially know the video choreography of where have been! :)
thank u. that's very nice to say. :)
Well, you know it's close to #gswedding time when I change my Twitter username to Feels pretty official now
House GOP: write a transportation bill that raises gas tax, cuts ties to oil drilling and addresses needs - not ideologies. It will pass.
You can do it!
#INTHECLUBTEXT meet me by the bathroom
Could be worse. Could be Vincent Gallo...
Fat City Bitch. Fat Fat City Bitch Ten Ten Doughnuts and a Twinky Bitch. VIP Micky D's No Guest List
Knock KnockWho's there !Ammon !Ammon who ?Ammon old hand at picking locks !
Lol this auction though
nytnyt and sweet dreams buddy claude~ hope you had a zentastic day <3
12days= big 18!!!! #my b-day
Long term parking lot is looking pretty full, still quite a few spots available on the top (Tropicana) level.
yesterday our house was on heating lol
They're different looks/tones but still different from WWE or the like. Tried to flip the script a little bit again.
I can't change the way you feel, so I just gotta change the way I feel<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Proverbs 22:16 He who oppresses the poor to make more for himself or who gives to the rich, will only come to poverty.
#SuperSacTuesday is TODAY!!!
i wannnaa get my nails done so baaddd <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>
Im great, just working. How about you???
Happy Friday!!
she's such a diva lol
More like none of it. :D
Now refs are getting involved in the game. Just what we all want to see, traveling and fouls...
The NTS (2010) - 36.1% trips under 2 miles + 53.0% under 5 miles are by car - what implication does this have for transport planning?
just joking but go ahead let's hear it
Rangers no more late nights! tired! I grabbed St Patricks day socks today on accidednt. Put them on - bring us luck!!
<<<< is sexually fustrated :-/
it doesn't look like it. People are saying presale is this Saturday so If they did they would have to go on sale tomorrow!
Good! Be well man.
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
lol you outtapocket, how you gon blast me like that??
Will have to try green bean casserole. Wonder if it's like grits?
I look cute today
what's your other imagines account? :)x
Another show with Cody Simpson might be coming up soon!
Bill McDermott, Co-CEO & Member of 's Exec Board, takes the stage in 10 min to deliver today's final keynote
Luv DPL's creating ur communities project. Similar to ours columbusneighborhoods.com.
I love that when I check my Gmail Spam box the ad that's served is a recipe for Spam Primavera. M. Tasty!
“You`re not the one I wanna die for , you`re the one I wanna live with.”
hey kid want some candy?
Hooks sold out. Hoodies will be on sale 20 euro. T-Shirts 10 Euro.
haha yeah but they were like"Sabrina your a belieber account!" & crap so I got annoyed and made this! Lol haha(:
Great Grantland piece.
The right answer would cite specific ways in which the old/obsolete servers are affecting the business' customers or finances.
“Always vote for principle... & you may cherish the sweetest reflection that your vote is never lost.” -John Quincy Adams Go vote if u can!
will you be relaxing or having fun or both? :)
well, everything's fine :) .. I started following u .. whaddaya doin?
I don't even want 2 try~the effort I put n2 it, just dies~As im writhing on the floor, I smother as HE watches me die.HE luvs to see me cry
you had a chance to sample our #dukboki! that's 1 of our faves at ...thx for the <3 & the trip down memory lane!
Wrong on levels that have yet to be discovered yet
Can I just tell you: we are planning an Elephant and Piggie day at the library and I am SO EXCITED!!!
Eva Mendes Calls 911 on Xmas -- Cops Respond
Nice plug guys!! Congratulations!
now on with the news ;-)
Pepperoni Sticks, Hot Dogs, Cheese, Bologna, Wine Bottles, Loaves of Bread? LOL!
creep creep creep watching you sleep sleep sleep
When you are grateful, fear disappears and abundance appears ~ Anthony Robbins
i really liked high tea at the Empress in victoria
Thanks to our new followers !
almost there.
LATER TWITTER FAM!!!!! I AM FINNA GO PLAY MY GAME
you still friends with Austin?
#MIOBI Lauren in surgery!!!
If ur core is strong, everything else will find balance - true in life, yoga, acting... & apples.
I can't take all the tweeting about #MissoniforTarget without seeing some pictures! This is pure torture!
oh, we got suck ass over here.
The Lakers could actually use some elbow grease.
Hahaha damn april fools shit, scared the fuck out of me
People in TX probably not having a good day today:
Oh, no doubt! Thanks for the photo montage, too. That's the first time I've seen that angle. NASTY!
thanks. I do too. Not tryin to catch a case. Lol
Not sure what that msg is.. I didn't send it..
Long Beach St? Really? Nice job Pitt.
U running too???
Yep, we'll announce it later today. : Any specials going on next week?
I agree!
you need some new shoes shorty......those toes looking lil nasty
but something also tells me you'll crash out after taking down that huge awesomeness booth :)
firee job on the "Must Be The Feeling" Remix. Shit bangs xD
[Safety Tip] This weekend avoid wearing barnyard animal costumes. Drunken climpsun fans will be on campus and may get inappropriate ideas.
what can we expect for believe? Is it what we would expect?
need more friends
Leedom Group 18th Annual BHPH World Convention is going on in Las Vegas. Stop by booth 128!
that is not all that special considering.
Thanks for the follow guys!
I take them more srs now, that finger looks devious
damn... That's three teams WTH is that ?
Surf along the Jersey Coast this morning.
Forever is a long time, but I wouldn't mind spending it by your side (:
LOL Yeah you could say that!! :)
The product interview went well with the DOD, be back in the AMA in about 1hr after fillup.
Worst. Oscars. Ever.
": Im Really A Mad Man Doe"
cofounder of sharing his OpenID knowledge and insights--mainly that Context is King!
We will be playing a Stout intro for TMHF2. Hurt somebody to it.
See right there we have problem cuz I love him and I don't share :p
oh no! more work doing the things they're already obligated to do! :P The airwaves: ours, not theirs.
Yeah kinda wish you came. but. yeah.
This week: travel by air w/o paper, 1/2 day on #drupal, in person, , on CSS3. Impetuous. Homeric.
"If you ever loved somebody put your hands up. And now they're gone and you wish you could give them everything."
#SinceWeBeingHonest I know times are hard, and you might be losing your home, call us; we can help you! 305-378-9900
he was friends with UK matador Henry Higgins who was managed by Brian Epstein former beatle rep. wild early 70's
in my room, but there's six pictures left. Gonna take it in tomorrow
guessing this is not the time for a new katherine meme...
Distance means so little when someone means so much.
met "BIG DAWG" while working at the NO on ISSUE2 rally held by the Cleveland Firefighters. Go Browns.
i got you
OMG Bohemian Rhapsody will forever be a favorite song of mine! IS THIS THE REAL LIFE, OR IS THIS JUST FANTASY!?
where were you for the 1st 3 games you front runner god you make me sick
please send a picture! Need to see this
Dammit Seattle, 37 degrees was not part of the deal.
love it, actually really like that end of the strip!
Yes it was oh well..It is what it is
yo that avengers movie went the fuck in. i was laughing with delight.
Hoping there is a gigantic glass of wine waiting for me when I get home.
super basic stuff that can probably be done with imagemagick. Let me send you an email.
Man I can't stand pit bull he sucks ...
The nigga to the left is my boyfriend. <~~~~~~~
LOL! That's where I am! The food is actually awesome. These Italians can cook
Gov. Scott Walker wants 2 more weeks to review recall petition signatures, Democrats object. Friday court hearing scheduled.
lol you already know
Like next maybe I can start on my Life Limitations section and we can utilize the same policy about what needs to be critiqued
I might just keel over any second now.
your icon is beast.
I got my book back, so I'm sketching :-)
the dogs aren't helping?? Your dad has been to the shop a few times this week...maybe that's why!
I still don't know why Glee was renewed for another season.
You rocked it! RT : thanks to and everyone there for a GREAT evening! Loved it!
Oh how I wish I was in Miami.
Yes, that's lovely too. You know, custom-building really hasn't gone away; it's just changed signficantly.
We are honored to support the workers' struggle.
good morning to you! Have a great day!!
We went on opening day. Very nice, not too overwhelming for younger kids. Shark tank, "touch" tank definitely the highlights!
super tired but
You And Pussy Identical!
ya dig
The parking garage dude loves me. Always giving me free parking!
I wish she was here right now so I could tell her how much I love her...and just hold her close to me...
I guess summer's here already. I just saw The Avengers.
if you need some more options let us know! We're here to help!
I WANT TO FOLLOW SHAMI'S GAL PAL BUT MY FOLLOWING LIMIT IS UP. DUDE. LET ME SHIP THEM.
In you tube till I figure how to share avideo to my new twitter, I have others at Anabellauxmal
RT : Today in Jazz Is A Woman: Nina Simone as a classical pianist, freedom singer, and hip hop icon.
Watching the game with family, HEAT<3.
Correction: NASA's Future Flight Central will be airing this Saturday (5/1/10) @ 5:30pm on KRON4!
Pittsburgh Pete taught me well. Gotta make a name for myself. By the way, does that loser spinmax ever call anymore?
Really Rain? You have to interrupt my tan time?
Please do!
I hate going into Petco then I wanna take all the cats home >.<
DEFINITELY ONE DAY!
Follow Friday ... follow racenation.com, a new social networking site for #runners and #marathons, and of course
I said the same thing.. lol ": looks like that a** fat in that avatar!!!! I'm loving it!!"
Great dinner. Loved the mussels!
missed it :(
Ask me anything don't be shy ;]
Hmm, I would say yes, but..That day and night was just perfection. I wouldn't wanna change it. I think what you mean is to
"Don't Count the days, BUT, make the days Count" Mr.Ali - The Champ -
Suggestions in Purchasing Gifts for Mom « Gynaika Magazine
thats not okay because im 10
penn brewery imperial pilsner
": 3 kids birthday parties in the next 5 hours. And go" god have mercy on your soul.
: I am doing well!!! How are you?
one of the pair, yes. And the cheese sticks come with tomato sauce! (haha)
gm. Nice pic. 2legends Michael J and Donna Summer Gone2soon. RIP both of them
Check our performance LIVE tonight at dancemarathon.org at 1am central time!!
Join us tonight for a great artist talk by Irish-born Katie Holten @ 7 pm. FREE at SECCA, 750 Marguerite Drive.
Just get me home.
also blends with the ice and boards, which are both white-ish
Listening to Pink Floyd The Pulse concert '94.
Can anyone answer their phone when I call?! Jeesh
what are YOU counting down till? Lok
I have a category 2 and I always try to keep him away from other people, even when we are running together.
psssh I feel u im a Lil down me self bruh! It's been a long week
Donald has time to demo his new expanded cribbage game -- it's both complex and fun at the same time -- what a terrific inventor he is.
I am Arthur, you Guinevere -- what an unfortunate calamity of fortunate hearts.
We will be featured on at 5:20am tomorrow morning with TUNE IN!
In Krav MaGa we teach to overcome the threats, the fears and the internal and emotional barriers
Okay thanks :)
No brunch... sorry I'm sad too!
Oh really, care to share why it made it to the DVR? I always enjoy superhero cartoons.
eli is so annoying! im a diabetic and i woke up late so i had to grab a pop tart before i lagt and he tried to take it..
But now that I am on.. Anyone wanna help me write a song? :D
Refs trying hard to keep the Heat in the game.
People who can't hurt you phisicly, sure know how to hurt you with words
GO THERE!!!!!!!! RT : #saythat RT : is seriously the most anointed worship leader ev!
I can't wait till May 19 when Champions League invades regular white people FOX.
Nice to meet you Lisa, and thank you for the compliment , loving your work!!!!!!!
I have a #perfectbody haha just kidding :)
c'mon watch the hockey playoffs!!
hired a new attorney - Beth Otero - starting in a few days.
Awww Sis we luv u I just thought see needed a vacation after all dat :-( So don't be made at ---->
hahah i'm doing the same thing, so oddly entertaining
So full! End of the Year work party was great! Maybe shopping now?..
Travel to the world's best restaurants - Travel Blog | Best Vacation ...: For the third year in a row, Noma restaurant has taken firs...
Digital repositories; International exchanges; Connecting with government via social media...all on tap for Feds at ALA this June in DC
still don't know who ur talking about lol
hahaha Oh Yeah, Lemme Tell Ya ;)
same here lol my friends thout i was spoiled because i met my insperation
Just overheard someone explain how "metro minutes" in DC are not the same as real minutes.
I'm guessing our boys celebrated in different ways!
This has been the best couple of weeks of my life. Blessing are coming to pass. God is Amazing
RT : Oh hey Arlington
It hard given up the preson you love the most it even harder not talk'n to the preson you love the most
Just left #Lakers locker room, talked w/Gasol and heard from others. Such a contrasting aura from #Nuggets, powerfully confident, yet quiet
Philly, run, run, run. Interested to see how Boston reacts.
Yes, I had Joe throw 52 times in SEA. And 52 doesn't ring a bell to any of you Ravens fans? Well, it was to honor Ray Lewis.
When my dad blasts his real mexican music in the car <<<
does it have anti fog lens for sauna use?
which also makes us cooler than everyone else.
I have no particular political stance, but I do believe that Newt Gingrich would make a great parade float if fully inflated.
minor car issue... was looking my own Red Subaru Outback and not for rental Silver Ford Explorer... oops
Lots of shoppers East Madison , I love the added self check outs
Where's.my.droid.me! I.love.you, hopefully you can make it over here for Florida Georgia, its going to be epic schlitterness!
I spin around in my spinny chair for like twenty minutes at a time when I'm done it feels like I'm really high on weed hahaha
Good Morning...I am out...
Library is closing for the day, but I've got a huge piece of librarian rum cake to take home with me.
"SWAG you're it!" on about Hello, World. We Are, Long Beach State!!!!!
Yeah! Looking forward to January and more Bond.
please don't wear it..lol
Accidentally destroyed the handbell piece that I wrote on Sunday; now writing a new one using what I can remember. Cest la vie.
Tech moving so fast, annual trends don't help. Focus on principles-connections not impressions, stories not content- & roll w/tech
Thanks dog -.- I worked hard to get this :/ RT : A skinny guy with a 6 pack is like a fat chick with tits. It doesn't count.
Ok. Guitar and this serenade in Spanish is getting me all sorts of together.
Ohh my goodness! That made my day (:
I think of you every time I hear "wise latina "... don't know why... ;)
Done with Spanish homework, now French *sigh*
Wednesday Wisdom: “To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.” - Buddha
6 more minutes until NOT YOUR KIND OF PEOPLE by comes out in the USA! First album in 7 years, absolutely excited
There is only one thing more painful than learning from experience, and that is not learning from experience. ~ Archibald MacLeish
You cant pay child support
Being sick and not being able to sleep ... Worst combination EVER
MY BIRTHDAY IS ON September 1!!!!!!!!! It would mean the world if you tweeted me with a Happy birthday!!!!!! :)
LOL. u followed me at some point. sometimes twitter deletes follows.
I'm drowning in the well of my sins & my selfishness.
OMG! were in the 400s!!!!!!! thank you thank you thank you, i love u guys so much:)<3
BTW - what do you think of G+?
We must see your little brother!
Me: I want my kids to play a cool sport like soccer or lacrosse. Adam: yeah, or like color guard. Me: ...no
what's it about? Even though I secretly think its a porno
#sschat, first time at this, does it get easier to remember the tag?
Used them back in 2005 - scarily easy to use; can understand how people got in trouble
Doing good :) we are ready for some diva dust! RT how are you and why are u laughing? do tell!
I LOVE U
cool beans!
I have some instrumentals I'm gonna crush this weekend.
RT : guess which beloved superhero goes on the internet and anonymously shits on people? answer: none of them. so why do you?
I have Time Machine, Ice 9 and Satchurator in my pedalboard. Also using JVM410H. Sounds fantastic!
I'm taking my ass back to sleep now. I was waken up out my sleep.
No kidding. We could be the home of start-up CEOS and potty humor
Check out the New Museum on Bowery st and the Tenement Tour museum on Orchard st. Have fun!
"he doesn't work because he has a sofa, love seat, and recliner."
ideally, you should stretch before and after each workout. if you can't do both, then make the after stretching a priority
that's what I'm saying.... too! & if it is an April fools thing well.......NOT FUNNY! ewwwww
Day 29 with out a cigarette complete. Fuck you cigarettes.
I'll be back, getting ready to see my babys!!!
Been vegan for 2 months. will be next to ben's tonight at the lincoln for tyler p's prescreening via bwpg. veggie chili dog, here I come!!!!
"In nine games, the San Francisco defense has given up ZERO rushing touchdowns." Damn.
I have some great ppl working with me to make this show incredible. So Grateful!!!
I do not have Facebook anymore but you can hollar at me here though! ;-)
LaHood says he's never seen a more partisan DC in his 35 yrs. "The only thing they can agree on is naming a post office."
Can you say "Standing Up on an Empty Train" I am sore know wonder Pilates girls have small bubble butts... Not me LOL
In general, "soar-ee" for "sorry" is more Canadian and most common in Americans who border that country.
-- it'll be okay
is this like the rooster that doesn't exist?
It's like we're synced up, like women get with their periods, but instead with blistering rock and roll.
I'm pretty excited. Working on my first draft for the new blog. Hope to have it up tomorrow.
If I was president, I would go to Congress every day and just DARE them to stop clapping before I made it to the podium.
Central Florida has a history of racial antagonism & inequality. Time has changed the area but not the people.
Oh my
Previously was only really invested in Raylan/Boyd, but it's working almost as an ensemble right now. So many good characters.
Well I'm not going to gripe ab calls, bc we aren't going to get one all night.
We enjoyed being on your farm on Saturday. Looking forward to the next one :)
ru and the Donald still talking ? Exchanging gifts this year? What is is hair like after a shower?
u mean to record?
And his ERA would make a great K/9
I need bendy wire... but WHERE THE FUCK do you get it?! -.-
We are in our new digs! Awesome new space in downtown Seattle.
is my new favorite person on Twitter. He cracks me up! Love him on #TheVoice. For a good time, follow Blake!
Don't be a dumb vampire and kill your friends.
thanks Sissil! Your tweets always make me feel cheerful! Hope your weekend is luscious!
I'm just a regular person.... Sorry I tuned you out after you said regular. Nobody cares for regular.
Changing my major to Shrekonomics.
As with SHAWSHANK....if HOOSIERS is on TV....I am hooked.
This week is a little packed. How about next week?
no time for a league but I am always game for a quick round after work.
Cheers morgan.
I found it!
Out shopping for Hannah's Christmas party tmrw.. This city has more cheesy sweaters than I have ever seen in my entire life. It's beautiful.
My thumb is NOT happy coding today...
The first step in #writing a novel is simply to begin. Sounds simple, right? :)
This Is #jeopardy! Go !
is where its at.
I'm probably just the decoy. :)
I FEEL SO HONORED. LIKE I'M SERIOUSLY CRYING.
probably someone at school. We caught her in a bucket scoop by chance, laying eggs.
“: #StarSignFacts: The perfect career choice for Gemini would be a journalist.”
it's a catchy song
HEY EVERYONE GO FOLLOW MY GIRL TO HELP HER GET TO 6K FOLLOWERS TELL EVERYONE YOU KNOW TO FOLLOW HER! DO IT NOW I KNOW YOU WANT TO!
My Back hurt like hell tho <<<<
just listening to music n watching music videos n chillen
I had no idea what Temple Run was til you posted this man. Now I'm hooked. 208,098 That's all I got so far...
That happened to me when I read first The Red Queen. On the other side is acceptance and enlightenment. Embrace truth w/o judgment.
lol nope that's your CT accent.
Dear , The next time you stop by you ought to say HELLO!!! Sincerely, Your Disappointed Long Lost Friend
Hey we've been trying to pick up the donation but can't seem to catch u. Will u be at the gathering at the SPCA Friday?
so I'm sure you know that James Franco is in Arlington....nobody will take me to the thingy.im sad :c lol
HEY I JUST MET YOU!!! AND THIS IS CRAZY!!!
Today only!! Buy ANY loaf of bread, get a baguette FREE! AS WELL AS buy any 2 croissants get the 3rd FREE!!
Yes, those are the things we are practicing today - new guides always like to look at things they are talking about!
I have an audition tomorrow!!!! yay!
i love funny fat guys
We just observed the birth of our first butterfly here at aMuse! We can't wait for more Painted Lady butterflies to arrive!
Halloween is soon! How are you celebrating abroad?
Have you uploaded our newest version? We were experiencing some upload bugs, but they're all fixed now. Give it a shot.
RT : I'M GONNA BE SEEING AT THE SPRINGLE BALL IN A MONTH. <U+2665>
So it seems I got hacked... Hopefully no one is spreading rumors about you
oh makes sense LOL same at my school(kinda)
#FF - because we both like quoting movies
Nothing serious!
Angry Words You Don’t Hear Anymore…” I Shall Thrash You Mightily.”
I shouldn't have any now. My hair dresser doesn't understand how my hair is so healthy. It grows like a wildfire.
Dam I wanna get tatted already!
Rockies 2012 World Series Champs!!!
Just figuring out some important stuff!!!
writing acoustic guitar instrumentals.
Didn't win the lottery...another day of work. Oh well...life is still grand!
Are you ready for $2 Tuesday? Award winning Troegenator Double Bock is just $2 all day tomorrow for 16 oz. drafts. : )
This world is full of hypocrites..
oh iight. haha so you cant do any camps either?
Ha, I'm always freakishly early. RT : My brother works in reverse Filipino time AKA always EARLY! :)
I forgot to get a tie this morning my boss will be on me about this
pace on the phone - I do that naturally LOL
My cousin kassandra like's a guy named pablo!! (; jk! idk who pablo is(x
Please Please Please follow me<3 im trying to get you to follow me in record time! lol it would really help!! love you!<333:)
Took a nap. Dreamt I had so many puppies. Woke up.
Fourth: Aced my ethics final. Oohhh yeaahhh. :D
Happy Birthday Dude!
Psychological fact: The person you can't take your mind off every now and then is the same person who secretly thinks of you always.
Pity your boss. The poor guy has to get up early to see who comes in late.-- Jacob Braude
Yes. they are. sadly. she went over to his house today
I found myself singing along to Paula Abdul's "Opposites Attact" this morning. Not bad but then I did MC Skat Cat's parts. I feel dirty.
I will(: I miss talking to my son (:
Aw. How sweet!
i swear i chose the word boot not steak!
GAB says petitions turned in are 1/3 more than they expected.
Hear us on KTCL Channel 933 tonight during Locals Only. Woop!
DUKES new CD "When country meets DIXIE" is out in 6 days. It swings.
Hope you enjoyed last night's film as much as we did! Thanks again for the heads up. :-)
The word green has found its way into many terms in the English language. If you’re a greenhorn, you’re an inexperienced beginner.
Hoping everyone has a great day...
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate isn't it funny one of your breasts is abnormally larger than the other?
How many clunkers are there in America? If they were traded in before all this, then GM would still be in business & not need a bailout.
Ditto to Durham “: Wow...My boy Jonny Gomes is GONE!!! DAMN, I'm goin to miss him. I wish him and his lovely family all the best!”
ARE YOU A VIRGIN?
...them chicken tacos was hittin. To bad the taste buds and nose are out of commission. Smh... I knew they was bomb! LOL
Haha no problem :) x
Oh, I know I was being silly
#Rhianna should date #LeBron .... He never beats anybody
Hey you how are ya???
Holy crap former NFL'er Junior Seau is dead after shooting at his house
My Weena, is tweeting so follow her, folks! She helped me when I was sick & listened as I cried last weekend.
RT : Its nice to know im being famous by people just being all up in my life, but check it, If YOUR not in it,stay the fuck out. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085>
…<U+2727> Kings the rings bishh <U+2727>…
": valentines day mlp."
*sigh* feel like I just missed best advice on the #Awarenessinc webinar because (SURPRISE!) 11 minutes were up and there was an interruption
“You are not angry with people when you laugh at them
oh I get it :) haha
The people who Twitter has decided are "similar to" me are three of my favorite people in the world
come eat this week If you have time :)
UFC fight night tonight!! drink specials all night long!!
Saw you last night #Jayceebootheelrodeo it was amazing!! Glad you came! : )
thanks for bringing that to my attention - first person that comes to mind is and she is sitting next to me
People are always frustrating us by interfering with the relationships we are trying to have with them. --Dr. Bernard Apfelbaum
These clouds look super fake!
I have a half brother and many cousins on my biological father's side. I am so thankful that God has allowed this connection!
no like 1% are rude, you don't know anything about us.
sounds better than writing a paper
its cloudy right now in georgia
I am in a clown car full of academics, thanks for the invite!
Polar bear tacos in the HOUSE! cc: and
who are you ?
yo baybee im twitting you from my heart.
Happy Arts Advocacy Day! Hope the MAMs are enjoying #AAD12 in DC!
Two thousand and twelve years since a new civilization erupted. Let's make it last another 2012.
I love clouds too. Is this the real Brody?
Review: Uncharted 3...One of the best games we've ever played.
Kovac's taking a red eye, so I'm leaving early to meet him, 810. See you really soon!
If you liked Independance Day, you will love Battle of Los Angeles!
I'll have to try it. No, I don't believe I have a Beachbody coach...
To help Alf kick his cotton habit, the Tanners invited a support group over and Willie is pretending to have a smoking problem. What?
it's not that hard, you'll get used to it:) haha, just keep pressing the big buttons! :)
how's Marcus? Try any new coffee lately?
ha, thanks, now its in my head too...
If you fall, I'll be there for you -Floor
This is actually kinda cool!
Yeah just saw that. We're all black friends. Hope you could see where I was coming from?
Ready to get into the holiday spirit? Tickets go on-sale tomorrow at 10am for Trans-Siberian Orchestra December 26th at 3pm & 8pm.
10 Facebook Tips - Post embarrassing & unflattering photos of your family members. They love it. Be sure to tag them!
Its tasted like rage... I tossed it. The OJ is tasty.
Very much so. James likes UW a lot are the badgers recruiting him?
New topic - The Sunday BIRD, Volume 7 Issue 48 May 6, 2012
What I really like on #SOTU is that we are encouraged to work together and create the country we want.
What have you been able to create in your life?
Blue Oyster Cult
nice to meet u too :)
man Ive been in school and busy wit life. What bout u bruh?
Happy Mothers Day Friend. Long Time. Miss ya
No where near home
Cold > Hot
The Silk Tie likes John! Ties intrigue us and we are totally passionate about them, we love the little buggers thesilktie.com
watching Jersey shore with momma! excited to see what happens on the new episode.
At the crosby wishing surfy was here
i even apologized, but she wants to kill me
Add life to your days instead of days to your life
A Place To Bury Strangers live at the Mayan right now... A wall of sound envelops the crowd in a smoky haze.
Channeled my classmates today while moderating #Chicago2012 webchat w/ What an honor!
Thanks again for answering the teens' questions about your artwork They're super excited to teach from your piece!
THANKS! you rule the school!
NOT SURE YET! I THINK LIKE MAY 31 st
With less than three weeks until the Iowa caucus, GOP candidates made their last major pitches to voters during a debate on Thursday to p
My car smells like honey Jim bean thanks to and Nkume lol
Good morning
Rise and Shine Everyone!
Smith: says that donors could fund endowed chairs for professors, to the tune of $6 million. But would not be widespread
PSA: Daylight Savings Time ends 1st weekend in November; this year it's Sunday, November 6, 2;00 am. Gain an hour of sleep!
...my blonde-ish hair has made me hyper :3 dattebayo!
just downloaded and and I'm
Sheesh! So much for Sara Errani's winning streak on clay.
Even after noticing my sorry ass mistake sorry doest make it any better
Yeah, I don't remember seeing them much down there. There's not a ton out here now, but in a few days, they'll be all over :(
Nice. RT That's ok. He will now think about this for a while. Ask him what color the full moon is... ;-)
What are benefits of transgressing borders
yes!! then everyone will be jealous(:
Get the details on the Section 184 Native American Loan Program at NativeAmericanLoansNow.com Low rates and NO MIP
Dinner Under the Stars Fundraiser was a HUGE success! Thanks to all involved who made it memorable. Up next, our Bumps in the Night Party
I heard about this company that is good in airport services in NJ <a href="www.mbmlimo.com">Newark airport taxi cab </a>
If the goverment shut down the internet today, would u still have something to do?
How can Midnight in Paris win an #Oscar for best original screenplay when it is a remake of Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure?
A very happy birthday to ! :)
with your bigass coat and two lunchbox lookin ass
from the Chicago area or in general ?
I don't know -- I can scan a blog. Can't do that with a podcast.
RT No disrespect to the movie, but i think we got enough women thinking like men. "YUP and acting like men too! SMH"
does retweeting count?:)
Retarded in real life, on the mic Rain Man, stand close to his main man like a chain gang.
bus #2156 rt 90 finally shows up. Ask driver why he's 20 min late he says "ur lucky I showed up at all!" IDIOTS ALL OF YOU
Had a really fun callback today with Thanks for the opportunity to act!
gotta check
Im such a f'n lady!!
follow and please :D x40
Stuff happens to you, and then there's stuff that you happen to.
dude, don't botch the title. it's "seal goes OINK"
I'm such a foolish little girl.
well I'm impressed already. ;)
“We light candles in testament that faith makes miracles possible.”–Nachum Braverman <U+2756>HAPPY HANUKKAH to my family & friends!<U+2756>
Long 45 mph work zone stretch on I-75, with more speedtraps than drivers. Fundraising day for Tennessee, perhaps?
haha I'm just going for the football player cheerleading thing !
Don't overall superficial things and neglect what's really important
much better :) Good luck!
I would hv given u 10 cause u probably looking like a Dime...lol
Today, we mourn the loss of millions of turkeys... may you rest in peace.
Support our local businesses! Eat at Porto & follow us to receive 10% off first class www.superimpactfitness.com
#Celticsnation! Make sure you #followme for the latest #Celtics news and opinion articles!
Cheap Prescriptions - Reduced Costs up to 28% - Costco - Generic Drugs -
As opposed to one guy (you) showering and their roommate (brad) watching him shower.
Thank you Sizzle Chest!
sounds perfect! Let me know when you're back Stateside
Just heard abt so finally checked his songs out on #YouTube. DUDE! He's good! Love the #PumpedUpKicks cover.
I always bring my homework home but never do it
We should totally do the eyes thing.
I'm such a boss but carry myself like a lady : )
Agreed - love the idea of the statue, really don't like the statue itself. I'm more a fan of the Mr. R dino at WQED. :)
Antonio Cromartie should seriously consider signing a new contract soon. He's got somewhere in the range of 10-17 kids to feed.
Probably. The line between quotation and original content was unclear to me at times.
Free speech is the whole thing, the whole ball game. Free speech is life itself.
hey hey hey
You're too funny. Lol :-)
thanks for your nominations- make sure you spread the word so your organizations can win!!
Followed! ~Sara<3
Did the #badgers defense not make the trip?
Wat u said
what happened the?
#IDidntTextYouBack because I was getting help from rennyplusseve :) Those guys are amazing!
You will be on the guest list. Let me know how many you got coming with you.
I don't believe in love,& im just better at being alone.
beach towels?
I can't go to sleep dis sucks
Love is all we need ;) Thanks Cece!
Good morning, You Knowww! RT : Morning
It's always exciting to work on a new song. Looks like we have ourselves a title track for the new album!
So glad to be going to the doc tomorrow. Ear is really bothering me.
Oh my gosh it is beautiful outside. Meeting blythe for a bike ride in central park :)
this is kaitlyn sorry i got tweet limit -_- so im using my little sis account
Love the new addition of Leandro Barbosa by
Yes Im In Chicago, ILL....
Stop by Firehook Bakery of the National Building Museum for a great pastry!
or use the same materials in all of his pads. he'll need the extra protection
If your going to be two faced at least make O N E of them pretty .
Watch me get hit by a flying Asian carp on KSTP-TV at 4:30. Talking carp with Jessica Miles & what's being done about them in Minnesota.
- thanks for the follows! look forward to tweeting with you!
Dude, didn't even have to click the link... loved Relient K back in the day.
If I walk away.. That means stop talking
Failure to experience is a failure to learn.
The lawyer's name is Mya Hatchette, and she works for a big law firm in Orlando and represents my title insurer.
They mad the kick after to go up 9-16
Money's the leash, drag a bitch by her dog collar
Best comment in this conference: people join causes and leave managers...very important words.
My mommy won't let me be blonde again. :(
You didn't give me a prize :(
Just a Reminder: Visit www.redcross.org or call 1-800-RED-CROSS; people can also text the word “REDCROSS” to 90999 to make a $10 donation.
but they won..
Dedication to 1/2-marathon training was so tested when I woke up at 5am to run 10 miles. So tempted to quit the whole thing. But I did it!!
It is very encouraging to see Mayberry have a good game.
This girl at my church had the nerve to tell me to do something with my hair. Aha, okay.
oh hai... Thanks for the follow one month later. Kewl
and that is why this #Patriots fan is rooting for the
typical launching issues it would seem
rained out softball games
I rocks the Droid son.
I hope Jon Stewart actually stages his "Pope Chooses a Twitter Account" one man show.
Thanks your awesome! Do you have a facebook page we can like?
DONT EVER RETWEET ME AGAIN BITCH!
Heading up to Topanga Canyon to jam with the boys...Gonna pretend we're 20 again and get silly!!!
I never been to Japan it does look like a beautiful place to go visit though
Oh fun! Thanks for the idea. I will definitely be participating.
A very Happy Birthday to ! Hope it's been a great one.
will do
Happy Mothers Day! Gem Gem
The Grammy's Nightclub has a Stargate!
If every watch sold kept a young girl off the streets safe from human trafficking for 3 days- 12 watches would keep her safe for a month.
INDUSTRIAL, HELIX AND LIP. c:
RSVP everyone Amurica Fest 2011 ! We rarely play in Jackson anyone so we want this to be huge!
I don't understand how the police enforcing tresspassing laws is a violation of the first amendment! You made your point, now go home!
Bye Twitter<U+2764>
Lights - Ellie Goulding (great song)
I need to cancel my TweetDeck account how do I going about doing this?
who is this attractive female walking around our neighborhood?
Ugh back to school Monday :(
ha a pussy with a pussy lollol
I will be the first to say, that twas not very humble.
NOW YOU KNOW I HOW I FEEL ABOUT THOSE 2 ( other ) CHOICES!!!!
Thanks for the RT!
dude call Kelly and tell her and Travis to meet us at the Flemings on W Olympic Blvd at like 8!
So lack of concern that we (collectively) show 4 troops, saving ourselves @ expense of our souls, will indeed harm us all.
WAIT! Are trucker hats no longer in style? I had never felt more attractive...
LET'S GO MIAMI
what's new lady!
#TwSIG White paper from London SE, Using Twitter in university research, teaching and impact activities. Guide for academics and researcher
no prob Craig thanks for the shout out! We recommend their cookies and cream coffee it's awesome!
Just the mention of a business name can be consider a citation. Name dropping 101: Brag about your rank-ability! ha...but seriously
How many attorneys do you have on staff?
I need to start watching Degrassi again
Which #NYC movie theatre has the best concession stand? No Red Vines or Swedish Fish at Beekman Theater yesterday...
When are you coming back to MIA?
thumbs up, high five, fist bump, and every other American non-verbal congratulation
mcdawg09 yep, half 12. I'll get you number off rig. Meet youthete or you picking me up on the way through?
$2 Taco Thursdays are here! Are you?
don't see it!
All new photos uploaded of Afrexim's latest produsts
On my way to the SF RAW Showcase .... poor is gonna be there before me..... sorry girl.. I need carpool.... lol
haha I wish I could come!! Lol so when is ur b-day??? Mine is July 27!!
Followed :D
#AfricanKidProblems Why do I look like everyone that's in those commercials with Bono walking around handing out water?
What a beautiful day!
tell everyone i say hi!
Fresh Prince is the best way to start my morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Ah no rooms at the Isle. But plenty of hotels in surrounding area! Shouldn't be a problem!
I'm interviewing witnesses to investigate a new complaint.
Your Valentine will be late, if I send it at all.
your killin it this year homie! Keep it up mang!
Thanks for helping us spread the word.
I wish I could have a Portillo's chopped salad right about now.....
My life is now dedicated to finding gas stations with E-85. How priorities change.
butt tub
Wtf is this on America's got talent!
Line dance lessons start NOW and last till 8pm... Get here and learn to scoot those boots!
Man i never check my voice mail <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00A9>
Getting ready to pitch at #icsf "New Kids on the Block" panel.
it mean i love
real talk!
says, "There's got to be someway to put a sermon in cinematic form." that's how Nooma videos were born.
hah! Good times for sure :)
Well imagine that! They are yours if you want em!
I gave up on trying to keep track. If I get the green light then must've approved.
relocated the money tree to the a room. swag. for lack of better words. :-/
I caught a quick glimpse of this earlier on my FB feed & RIGHT AWAY thought "whoa, looks JUST LIKE KIRSTEN DUNST!" didn't ...
": Common sense is so rare these days. It should be classified as a super power."
Cant say i didnt offer lol i got a definite answer now tho..TIME/REST! good luck
Come on #routers just 3 more followers till we hit 500! Lets go
that doesn't sound too convinciing, friend
ok.. it's time for a new book/series suggestion.. help? loved Hunger Games, True Blood series, cop-type mysteries, romantic thrillers, etc..
Me: I'd like the breakfast croissant combo Sonic: would you like some cheese sticks with that? Me: Um, no.
hey you! follow me!
Set up for Christmas Praise concert tonight w/ Barlow Girl & Rush of Fools @ BRCCC, you should come tonight at 7pm!
sister need to come on so I can shoot back to WM
they spelled impatient wrong!
Glad Earth is still around today and shit b/c that made it possible for me to hear 2 guys at Citgo discuss how death metal vocalists "growl"
Of course I'm talking to you. Wait. What? lol Get ready for Durango!
Come on JENNINGS!
We'll feed you!
I want a graduate assistantship. Just putting it out there in the universe.
Sub 3rd block ;)
im in a dancing mood!!(:
traveling int'l currently so was hoping to catch up on Hulu/USA; guessing economics better by giving TV VOD preferential window?
Just sent out my first release using - Thanks to the for help getting it out! Excited to see the results.
Well, I've been looking from redwood city to sunnyvale. Don't care too much about the train, do want to be West of it.
last summer was the best! All those videos we took..
being called babe >>
So many things to do, so little time.
Hi ! No news?! No email received? Did you check the spam folder?
I think I got food poisoning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096> I'm sure of it!
I've been saying this whole series the rangers need to put pressure on Holtby with a man in front. That's how it should've been all series.
but then you wouldn't have the joy of reinventing your very own wheel.
the heat needed bible study...wow
I think is probably available.
that's your shit?
well of course!
we far away from miller grove middle school lol
Cop: get out of the car and put your head behind your hands
Your welcome . :)
u gangsta as hell #had 2 follow
My most immediate challenge is that God gave me the gift of gab. Words are my friends & they don't like provocation. Ever clever
- the only person that brings air fresheners to conventions
Thanks! Did you decide when you're coming to PDX??
RT : Grant Park! SummerDance is my favorite with free hour lessons before
#coast2coast RT big fun. Good turnout for a Mon!!
Well, I imagine you'd tell him first. Have an awesome Wednesday!
Happy birthday to my man !!
Today was a perfect day for rowing, and what were we doing? Indoor Rowing for the holiday challenge! Why....
Starting the #7DSD tomorrow with my best friend. She's new to the plan and I'm so excited to help her on the road to fitness!!!
your like the first guy to admit that lol I love huge purses. Guys be like why do you wear those -__-
Hm, I guess just work hard and make your millions and sleep when you are dead.
KAELA channels Kate Moss in her latest shoot with MAGGIE WEST
Maybe you should monitor the news more closely. This story broke yesterday via
where did everyone go?...
cute? The way you look at it, it seems you wanna eat dat ass up !!!
You might as well pay attention. Everyone else gets paid.
is the game rained out?
Guess who just ran into at the mall? This girl! It was nice to finally meet him and the band he's managing.
Are the lupine blooming yet? Such a beautiful sight.
Hold your own ground, then watch the team grow!
Oh you wish you had a good girl to miss you?! Then why do you ignore the actual good girls, & fall for the ones who break your heart?!
when you go to a web development firm's company website and get a bunch of flash block placeholders.
get fambily band back together!
So i get called from a talent netwrk cmpy to bring in my daughter 4 an interview. Thanks, but no thanks.
Ready for the Scottish eps~!? I know I am~!
If I'm assuming the wrong thing w/ the animations..thats my fault also...but get @ me,.making an attempt to get back on twitter
The only time I'm really chill is when I'm on that fire c:
New TIME Magazine cover story: The New Frugality. That should be interesting.
Happy Mother's Day to all of you moms! You all have the hardest job of them all, respect!
One of the best episodes ever.
Predators still need Hal Gill on these penalty kills
gonna watch Pats game at gym, cheer loud and try to make new friends cause obviously ppl watching football at the gym r cool hardcore fans.
Thank to all who rocked out with us FRIDAY! It was truly an awesome experience for us!
. Quotation Mark Earrings may cause wearer to become a walking, talking "That's what she said" head. (wink). I'd wear 'em.
Great to be back at the AAC! Let's go Mavs...
Mason folks: myMason is back up. Total outage around 15 minutes for this afternoon. ~1 hr for the day.
FYI - I for one enjoyed the story. Not hard hitting news but a nice "inside baseball" story about one of SD young leaders.
4 square should not allow cherry bombs. Not now. Not ever.
If that gay guy from single ladies wasn't gay.... M faaathaaa. Hahaha.
Tebow? Is the Jets strategy to start praying for wins! I am not okay with this.
I have oppinions & options just like you have independence and an incomes .
One of our favorites. RT : No matter how slow you go, you're still lapping everyone on the couch.
Just tell the truth, it's going to come out sooner or later..
where was your interview?
someone woke up on the funny side of the bed this morning.
Thanks. Now I've gotta order a new ball to match ;) My old one is teal.
Ready to back on the ocean already
oh. well anyways, i'm cold :S
I really hope so.....2 of my classes are online so that might not be as bad.
It's always reassuring to see a bullet hole in the local mattress store down the street.
Hey come into city early tomorrow & meet up at #TheLab say around 1pm? Cc:
U single YOUNG,WILD&FREE
Now we wanna make him work!
wow...visited rural vermont yesterday, post industrial flat broke town bravely flying pumpkin flags, empty factories w smashed windows...
Follow cuz it might just be the coolest thing you do today.
When you love that special someone nothing else matters and you only see them for who they are no matter what
I decided to follow you for the common good, even though you're a huge buckeye fans, all I can say is !!!!!!!GO BLUE!!!!!!!
On my way to do something!
Thanks for the free cd!! :)
I love how just loves to talk all this shit about me when he doesn't even know the whole story haha always assuming. Oh well!
y'all send okc would beat the Spurs....thoughts?
Good Luck. Run like Seidel.
Watching tv, you? :)
Yes, I use Draw and Tell with a couple of kids.
GRABBING THERE NUTS>>>>
Preciate that bro, I been seein ya hustle too! keep doin it! You know if you need me for a feature just hit me
My Baby Pajamas February Freebie Friday announced later today...
Thanks for NOT inviting me to my own birthday lunch
RT : 4 errors and 11 runs allowed against the worst team in baseball. Completely unacceptable
#PsychoT knows what big games are all about, love it!!!
In turkey I must say this place is rather different just happy to be here
im sorry you have a headache! Day was good. I dyed my hair red.
Love it!
I would love to send you a free bottle of my shampoo to try!
Is it customary to want to cry on your children's birthdays hahahs I don't want him to grow up!
Sauce definitely counts as a vegetable. Don't forget to add pepperoni to get the meat food group in too.
Happy Earth Day.!(:
just got back from my 2nd lifting session... just getting buff and taking names, ya'll know how i do
All true artists, whether they know it or not, create from a place of no-mind, from inner stillness. ~Eckhart Tolle~
They All got their hands up cus they fuck wit me hands down....
#Nf follow back ma ;)
I mean I still have a whole month of meaningless work to do left lol have fun 2morrow I guess lol
FREE Yoga class tonight ’s Movement Emporium 3309 Bunker Hill Rd. Mt. Rainer, MD 6:30pm. Belly Dance, Yoga, and Hip-Hop all week.
lol...I'll tell you all I remember. I have to admit, I tend to forget the felonies.
ah same and the part i hate the most is i actually live in long island but right now im in california! :(
RT : visit us 3/16 6pm ? SYP will throw out some pizzas on us for the tweetup crowd.
follow back nig
oh god lol
I'm convinced Augie March is actually impossible.
#GoTribe Wish I could goto the Tribe game today!!!
me too sweetness...
is headed to Florida Karting Winter Tour this weekend. He'll compete in Rotax DD2 Masters class. more details to come.
Big yawn....Big Stretch! Sometimes I think I'm part feline...now if I could just find a sunny spot to lay in!
Just says down for Whit Stillman's, Damsel's In Distress.
Has anyone ever seen the movie Zombie Strippers? Asking for a friend...
I don't lie about who I am...
Shultzy's is one of my fav U District places to eat! Their servers seem super nice too - same goes for Big Time.
it's payback time for naming me URSELA !!! wtf.!
hello and good morning all! Remember today is your day you will conquer your destiny you must be determined and give it your all!
“: Uhh I can't sleep ...heading to Chicago in the morning!” YAYYYY!!!!
Stressing over the Shiva Bowl but it'll have to wait bc the Longhorns play tonight!! Hook'em!!!
Another benefit of being self-employed w/a home office, lol!
Tell her I said hello
Want to be healthier? Eat less, move more. We make it more difficult than it needs to be.
Loves 's appearance In the BTR "Music video!" <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Why does Adobe Encore hate me? I've been so good to it over the years.
You need to write more often - happy to see new post. Oh, and cheesehead guy says: "Discount Double Check!"
im cleanin up my act little by little .
hunger is taking over
"that dress has seen more red carpets then an Irish lesbian." god I love Joan rivers !!!
Oh, that's so sad. Singing to yourself isn't the same as singing for yourself.
Oh, what time will she be there??
Get off twitter jit
*Merry christmas everyone so I tried the cinnamon challenge & Woo my throat was on fire #Never again *
Great meeting tonight Can't wait for the first week of May!!
I commented! <3 he's amazing!
pull out n kick that b*tch
Fabulous documentary, #Objectified "We have too many unnecessary things everywhere"
I swear this bitch keep talking to me like she stupid all my anger guna come out
dang that nigga got a big head
Good morning!! "All our #dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them." ~ Walt Disney
ah! Jealous!! Take lots of pictures! And don't make fun of John Laurinaitis's voice.
Levels in reverse sound amazing! Maybe better than the original version.
I swear we got to see the full range of 70s superhero quality tonight, from worst to best.
if the voice is male is probably jeff. very loud dude on the block. geez. makes you look for the trap door, right?
NH big among the incarcerated & the pre-incarcerated apparently. Would love to know back story. Might track it down.
what tests did they do? I am doing the copaxone too. It's tolerable.
Hasleen Kaur Miss Earth India 2011 denies report that she was detained in Mumbai airport.
...not concerned if God is on our side. My greatest concern is whether we are on God's side. For God is always on the right side. ~ Lincoln
<3 man we have to get him back on sometime this week! So we can express our love!!!
Thank you! I just sent an email! Let us know if you have any upcoming events you need sponsors for!
#followfriday my personal account
Solomon Islands - Solomon Islands - Travel Safety Hub ...
In Situ => In its original place, in position
“: That awkward moment when your boyfriend/girlfriend hates your best friend.” Or when they absolutely love them, more than you
I know the feeling, and if you can hit the water from your office, I used to work at an Olympic sports agency.
I just spent 300 dollars on Victorias Secret website <U+E40D>
Still shocked I spotted across the fieldhouse doing angels in the outfield in his Fresno State jersey.
I am with you! RT : 4hrs of sleep should be enough.
Dear whores, your boobs are supposed to be INSIDE your shirt. Not OUT.
dude tumblr is so hard..
from this morn : No worries.Sounds like those chickens never made it to the boat ;-)
Daylight savings time could not come soon enough. Ready to spring forward!
He is risen!
YES MUMMY YES MUMMY DEAREST! Bring your wire hangers! Giddy Up
I would love to meet you too=)
Arrrr!!!! Eating a bag of Pirate's Booty. This stuff is god.
Good-nite India..Blessings
Ikr I'd be so skinny!
"Fears are educated into us, and can, if we wish, be educated out." - Karl Augustus Menninger
Adam Levine..i blame you for getting Payphone stuck in my head =P
where does a novice begin?
I hate people who lie so much.
I'm hearing on Facebook that Azerbaijanis are being forced to buy Eurovision tickets if they are state employees (including teachers).
Remember how hard it is to change yourself
Who is going to have the better hair at country thunder in Arizona, you or Craig Morgan? ha!
Big Big thanks to all you MKETweeps that came out to support the blood center of wisconsin today #bloodybrunch /via
me! How have you been?(:
Wow, I am really smelling smoke this morning
its game day!!! #whodat baby....
Thanks to for the help spreading the word. think we can get any of the other lawlorffs to help? :)
aaawwww & I wish I Had a dog -_-
Always more boy bands. And they're great with the feelings.
Progress has no party; write in Fenty.
What kind of teacher doesnt't give homework in the beginning of the year but gives the last few weeks of school -.-
When it comes to effective communication, there are certain barriers that every organization faces
anybody up for talking im on my laptop for a good while tonight so lets get to talking
Lol i was the truth though! Some type of blood streaming through our bones RT : lol idk son
Watched The Discovery of Heaven with Odd but interesting.
I know. It was good to see you also!!!
So What's The Difference Between Just Friends, Talking, Dating, and Relationship....I Mean Can A Nigga Get An Answer Key Or Something
what happened to #thecrew last night?
im going to retweet a select few of the stupid fucking tweets that this stupid AutoFollowBack thing put on my timeline
the wins are fun too. Congrats.
We're so official we don't need a check mark.
"The Coachella Video."
The necklace you picked is a favorite!
Well begun is half done. ~ Aristotle
y'all are too sweet
lol. Im glad calejon scored he had A really good pre-season
Not as bad as I thought, but it will still haunt my dreams.
trust me, I know your dilemma. You gotta do what's best for you. He's so cute tho :)
are you in town?!
You and Ari need to post more crazy stuff like that :P!
Ms. Producer, it's time to start--I'm so serious right now. U got me pumped to starting shooting my next film!
Looking forward to hosting #TECHmunch coming up in June!
Happy Birthday !
where u goon Chichi?
spaghettio's taught me the alphabet...
Alot of superficial-"surface" ppl-life isnt money-life isnt looks-life is depth-i wont waste my life with thing that come and go
Eyeglasses or contact lenses?
Thank you for the letting me know- drive safely out there :)
#replacefilmtitleswithtwat The Sisterhood of the Traveling Twat
Feels Great To Be Up This Early !
Bylsma: "Tonight our team was good and Marc was at his best."
congrats on your ebook 'HH2H" burning up the charts!
Either I overdid it on my bag of Guatemala Antigua this morning or am experiencing heart palpitations.
My #Bioshock Infinite pre-order has been chillin on Amazon for almost 2 years anyway, so what's an extra 4 months.
The things we encountered today and we havent even been here for 24 hours....
Allegations of a gruesome prison rape, and only talked with the victim -- a former inmate. His story at 6p - only on
What you are is what you have been. What you<U+FFFD>ll be is what you do now.
Hi Usher Follow me
Excited to be in our new office building in Tulsa! Stop by and see us at 71st & Lewis.
Tonight's Live Options: Southside Strays feat. friends from Post Traumatik at Dingbats; Bad Daze at Ironwood; Unbridled at Rayne Drop...
thank you! Are you attending the MBA Assoc.reception?
btw, there are really cute guys in olympia
Wet snow shoveling this morning. Good for the heart.
Happy freaking 18th Birthday Have a wonderful day! <U+E022>
If I help just 1 person avoid the nightmare I went through with , making this page was worth it. | #Clear |
First visit to #burlington was a success ... except for that I came home with the worst cold & now have to work the rest of the week
Had fun but I dislike when ppl idnt know perform n wasn't all dat.. but i just bout to watch a movie I guess
u make sure u be at my graduation may 19 golden gate cathedral 10am
Long Multitouch nature of B2B sales cycles lends itself very well to analytics, Which activities & what content deliver the best results
I was, then I ate Sheetz last night. Now I'm not.
Going straight to bed and turning my phone off till i wanna wake up
let's get our hair did :)
I'll check it out! I think I meant to before and then forgot haha.
I've seen a lot of people giving Celtics this series, in less than 7 games, but Philly is stealing one on the road & had a chance in Game 1.
Can't wait to do this vacation already...
Why is it so hard to find sheets that aren't stupid/scratchy/absurdly expensive?
dance and church tonightt! :)
Social circles differ from social networks, because of control of time and contacts - is it helpful, or complementar
“: #3WordsForYou I miss you”
Dr Evil just killed it on the NBA All Star Half Time show!
Despite having used it for more than 2/3 of my life, I still find corresponding via email to be incredibly unnatural.
I have it dvr'ing, delete?
CALL ME !!
Sometimes it sucks cause all u want is to get #noticed by so #SaySomethin i wish u make my #wishcometrue and followed me..
Ku doesnt even deserve to be in this game. Am i right ?
what's up y'all!? haven't been on twitter in forever! miss y'all so much!:)
RIP Junior Seau
Congrats J. Kidd, Dirk, Matrix, JET, you guys deserve it... Maybe next time Bron Bron or maybe not becuz D. Rose n the Bulls will be back!!!
No, no, seriously, he's heard awful things about u & he wants to share 'em with u...(There've been several hackings recently)
youre the best at the internet haha
Is this you or not
Mermaids, dragons, a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood go cold NaLee2010.com check it out!!!!
Last track meet today with && (:
program for this morning: demonstrating library value in a period of retrenchment. jeanne brown, assessment librarian, univ of nevada.
Can I refer you after I start at Facebook? ;-)
CivicRally is like KickStarter for contributing to and volunteering for community projects.
Great show tonight!!!!...everyone have a happy Easter weekend
tell me how the book was when you are done reading it
rutgers should be on that list!
I heart people. I piss people off. I make people hate me. Im not the only one though.:.. Even though I feel like I am/:
Hope everyone has a great time tonight for #MardiGras! Are you going out in a fabulous outfit to celebrate?
I don't apologize . So, it was nice knowing you .
I want to go to the zoo one day!
WOW! #astd2011 Rocks! What a great bunch of people!
Gas mask hits of salvia..
My biggest Google annoyance? Old results.
I won my pageant! I couldn't be happier! :) Young American Teen Miss Midwest 2012!! :)
Saying congratulations to on her graduation day! I love u with all my heart & I'm so proud of you!
Today in Mexico is the Mother's Day... So please say happy day to your Mom from Me :-)
can you dm me a contact email I was referred by Cap Hill and have a question for you
Tonight great performance by on
Kind of unfair to name Freaks & Geeks, since there never was a S2.
Acceptance letters for #thatcamp have gone out - check your email and register for the blog!
"The more people you love, the weaker you are."
OH MY GOSH. sings so beautiful...<3
Because I asked if I could take his place since I took the lead on the Council's Transit First resolution.
KEEP UPLOADING. MEMORIES <3
Golf game is over... Victory over ! -6 strokes! Word! Let's do this!
Hello World! Detroit Marketing and PR is Here!!!
And having pink lipstick on RT : There's nothing worse than kissing someone and feeling nothing. No spark. No tingly warm.
A friend once said to me: "severe weather brings neighbors together." Truer words were never spoken. ;-)
The real housewives Of New Jersey >
Yes RT : "who's eiffel trinket?"- Tara who has never read hunger games at hunger games. this is going to be awesome
Happy Day to you too and keep believing in yourself!! that's the key :)
so ill see you in studio in about hour then.right! :)
what's good kid? Dude did you check out my blog?
This is EXACTLY that moment where I refer people to the episode I did on reviews (and I want to do another).
Hang-in there! It'll happen. Suggest you create referral agreements. Help each other out!
Hey y'all l, I'm SO sorry that I haven't been in twitter.. I never been on cause I got so muck homework now. :[ so anyway.. ( look ^ to...
A student is repeatedly screaming "Mr. Rice is a whore!", which is inaccurate. If he said "Mr. Rice is a whore for cheap laughs!", well...
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure Napoleon Hill
Up an at em for an exciting first race day with Feeling a tinge of anxiety but very much looking forward to this.
That left me to sit alone in the College Inn with just my beer and a jukebox.
i kinda have a thing for you
Me too! One of my favorite artists :)
Nova Scotia Farmed Salmon to be Destroyed Due to ISA Outbreak ...
Yankee game 2moro? ;)
Rise and shine.... It's Sunday Funday!!
Looking for a job??? Hiring five people on the spot today. First 200 people eat free. Will announce place around noon...
Happy hour is around the corner! Come on down to the #firestonedistrict and enjoy the beautiful day!!!
Tomorrow & Saturday are big Earth Day Sales at the ReStore Save $10 on purchases of $20 or more ~~ Save $20 on purchases of $100 or more
ill text you!
Should apply everywhere.
Thanks, Rob! :)
That's it. The judges are way too biased. They've saved #Roshon too many times...
573k at dinner break. Were almost to 10k/20k, I'm about half of average
I made it to Nonnas
I raised raves craves days with blade packin'
twitter has value because it highlights importance of being concise.
AND IRISH
Out here washin the rims on the whip wit a toothbrush...if u don't call that dedication...go lick ass somewhere
": Writing an essay while the red carpet is on.... #NoFun" I totally agree
Rock Chalk lets booze
you okay??
your face.
signed a new artisan. Check out Julia's mixed-media. Very cool. artisansgonegreen.com
Send us your music we can promote you!
I just wanted to say thank you to all the seniors. Its been great dancing with you :)
Happy birthday Lauren!!! :D
Leake behind hitters early. Throwing lots of pit ches
Right now im on my way to my track meet wish me luck
haha I was going to say the same thing
those folk never cared about you or loved u in the first place, just wanted what they could get from you.
When you COMPLAIN, You REMAIN * When you PRAISE, You are RAISED
Love me some Fat Tire!!!
reading a software mgmt book, I found I knew everything inside but was doing little of it. Is software management @ startups just different?
so funny
#NBA refs, at times can be so god awful.
I meant Napoli. Stupid auto correct
watch the throne ill be right back
formfactors for SSDs are probably driven more by Bladeservers Tom/Nimbus data
Just realized I probably know my way around #London better than I know #Manhattan - this needs to change.
Priority list. Chop. Avenge. Cap.
Just got back at the skate park it was great i keep landing some of the tricks that i learned
It was pretty thrilling watching my cat hunt and kill a moth ... I hope I get a full time job soon ...
debating on cutting my hair short.
His love is deep
Tweet out to and all the other gold team members!!
Illinois has the highest number of personalized license plates than any other state.
The weight room opens and we have a line dance class in PE156 at 3! See you there!
We are looking forward to your visit!
Sleepy-Time for z. Night all.
study also finds them incredibly lazy.
How strangely Zen.... :)
So..guys are dicks..
oops sorry meant to say i assume that means you want one
gotcha, just read it wrongly. Good luck as always tomorrow.
gateway cyber robo bay (4) versus pool lair spire infestation pit hive greater spire (6) .. i wont count corruptor morph
I could watch any day but I always forget to find him on tv. And by him I mean the team of course...
hi ariana it's me, megan!
counting on your vote for my cha cha!
Took a 10 1/2 hour nap when I got home from Vegas. Therefore, sleep just isn't really in the cards tonight (no pun intended).
Rihanna..you don't have a "thug life"
that simply means.. pray at all times.. but even if you don't pray when it shines, you can still pray when it rains..:)
RT : Getting ready to head over to the Oracle Arena to get my Bulls game on. Pregame starts at 9 pm on ESPN 1000 Chicago. OHH YEAH
oh for sure! I saw people selling $10 hand creams, wooden beach signs, and $200 paintings! I will do some research!
I need to go to sleep
Jacques Imo's in NOLA! Great way to start
Instead of saying "shut up"...I say "please talk with your mouth closed"
Missouri losing doesn't effect YOUR bracket, it effects EVERY bracket...it's a wash
Every person to debate voter fraud is an Old White Miserable Male! They believe their own lies! Delusional, make-up stuff!
I'm coming with
Last Nights #Glee was #AMAZING ...Omg & are out of this world talented!
Thank you for the kind words. You won the August contest I do believe, you were still in first late last night.
Mostly walking, some Metro. Paris is so dense that it's easy to hit a lot of spots in a short time and distance.
you's cute
S/O 2
um don't flatter urself
hahaha #893623 #luptonisourhousenow keep up the good work, I wear the DB with pride out here!! #PatriotNation j
haha yes well I don't think any bade shipper wants Tori to get Beck and Jade back together so yeah! :)
. I thought you said 800! 800!!
is everything ok babygirl
Many people die with their music still in them
ugh I wish I were.. Dallas BETTER bring it (: come back soon though, don't wanna miss it!
Oh my god im re watching this skit, i cant stop laughing
u moving back???
Copy that.
Technology can help create trust between constituents and elected officials.
Heading to barber..what up
going through my friend request . ugh i hate this -_-:
How ya feelin', ?
What could be better than Milfs! Am I wrong?
if you really loved me, you would have never done this to me. she's so right
#nytm Youngest demo-er All I 4.5yrs and embracing the stage. Awww
<U+0093>Light<U+0094> is a word that has different meanings yet is generally understood as love and understanding.
Will you be at #BizExpo this year? Miss you guys!
Happy Hour Bento is ON at 4 til 6 and 9 til 10pm!!! Chef select app is Foie Gras and Sweet Bread Fritters with a Red Wine Marmalade
freshbooks and unfuddle are my daily staples man...
Calendar set to overload
u don't care do u
They keep getting bigger. Its just a matter of time.
you can't handle none of this!!! Lmao ily!
They're nasty > RT why some ppl hatin' on poptarts?? they don't know what they're missing.
My #PerfectGift includes being with my family in a warm, tropical climate for the holidays!
Happy Wednesday! If you don't know.....IT'S HALF OFF BOTTLE DAY! All Day and Night, all of our Bottles on the wine list are HALF OFF!
hm… thinking I need to focus on the work at hand
Michael Jackson lol good morning Blair Underwood <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Im soo tired and I just woke up!
Anyone in Vegas area looking for a home biz? Leading global direct sales co in Vegas Sat. Cook if you want to attend for free!
on flight to new york, i was confused for flight attendant for explaining "wheels out" thing to social clod taking up entire overhead bin
DM me if you want to co-own.
31 years and four minutes ago, a bestie was born. Love you !
I've worked with on several multimedia projects. All benefited tremendously from his leadership, talent, expertise
Stare that empty faced stare...
OMFG!!! #ROTFL ==> So I Accidently Leaked Naked Photo's and Home Made Videos (Via The Web) #OhhhhhSh*t #CurrentlyDeletingSh*t #ThisSh*tCrazy
Disgusting I kno RT : :'( RT : Wat tha hell is up wit fat girls wear short ass shorts these days
you're welcome
u a fat ass
have u ever notice John Francis Daley on BONES resemebles John Francis Daly on What's My Line - even tho they spell names differently
If you follow his timeline you'll see that is more terror to an ass than singapore
I hope to be back to work soon. As soon as I get to talk to the Dr. today & see when Mom gets to ge home will tell the tale. Wish her well.
The hit parade continues with Adam Kirsch
really doing the freestyle battle
I didnt change, i grew up.
alley boy & trouble aint nothing like boosie and webbie streets or rap
SAVE $400 Dollars ! ZOOM Whitening - Only $199 Up to 6 shades lighter in one 45-minute in-office session. 1854 W. Division ORA Dental htt
Suzy Ganz talking about fractional and contextual identity in networked culture.
I wish!
I'm 20 weeks right now...:) congrats on your preggo-ness! ;)
thanks for the FFs!!
Welcome back to Seattle Seattle to back welcome
Not sure hw I feel this AM..although getting bad in2 martial arts sound pretty good right about now...
After one great reference panel #705, really really wishing the other #702 hadn't been scheduled at the same time!
Justin, thank you for your service to the public. Best of luck in your next adventure.
VOTING ENDS TODAY at 6pm! Speak up! Let your voice be heard! Vote for your SGA Execs! #ImWithATK #ATKforSGA #VoteOrDie!
when your arm work out was so intense you couldn't get your sports bra off. and then got an ab workout from laughing.
She's a dirty, dirty dancer.
FOLLOW ME BRITISH PEOPLES! I LOVE YOU!!!
I think it time to get back into twitter again whats good world!!!!!
Local hipster learns, while it's still cool to hate football, he is expected to like basketball and genuinely care about the Trailblazers.
Press conf. delayed/police chief is at crime lab per KRQE live stream
it'll be worth it!
Why be someone ur not??!
wonder y the tweets from disappeared weird
Miss them 2. Am ok. Starting my own pet sitting business & working part-time. Was in STL in July, was tempted to drive to ATL. :)
LMJ is a 49er! Looking forward to buying a new jersey.
skip who is he behind jn your opinion? Magic? Kareem? Shaq?
hot dayy, perfect sixflags weather ! :D
C'mon folks. This is do or die time. What should we throw on Sunday (besides Gummy Bears through a plate glass window)???
I can't believe you have a Pittsburgh number.
What was your favorite pinball machine growing up?
Tonight's the night for MUG NIGHT at Ledo's! Meet us there, 10p & your first beer is on us.
Had a great time at #marketmix2012 and #SMCsea Tuesday. 500-800 handshakes and a *few* minutes with my camera.
um no.
and the fact that he looks like a 7 foot rat
i hate girls who play you :0
I've seen these before. They could cut off with no notification and open up next fall. Don't loose the chance !
Justin!!!!!! We haven't talked in forever:/
It won't be long before tuition is "through the roof" at publics as well. UCLA and Berkeley are adopting UVA and UMICH strategies.
So many Dr's appointments lately. I should just change career paths & become a Dr. Will need to figure out how to tolerate blood & needles.
I'm tempting to go play with the babies(8 year olds)
:O your cellphone case on your twitcon! <3 it!
praying for all those facing/faced this bad weather
im sitting here, waiting for you to message me, and i just cant help myself? oh well
RT : Great idea - call for submissions for the FB masthead image? Engage those users, keep it real
Having to leave during : #minorcrisis. Getting to unplug, eat crab & oysters, and visit #EasternShoreBrewing:
Just ran into at Costco picking up some lunch. Looking better than ever and having the lunch of champions. $1.50 hotdog meal.
Do they search many times before they convert or did it only take one time. or as says -- was a one-night stand?
it does! :x
1600's: I write to inform you I have received your letter and I've been left quite speechless" 2011: " K "
#HEATFANS STILL SUCK YALL GOT BEAT BY THE PACERS.....
And I moved to DC why? MT Highs in mid 70's today, 80's tomorrow. 90's Easter Sunday in #Tucson? Looks possible...
Finally I'm home. Tired!
San Jose Jazz Fest 09 kick-off party tomorrow. After Comcast and Southwest pulled we cut way back. Cultura cura que no?
that's to early
just put 5 signs outside HQs & drove away! Donors won't think this a prudent use of resources.
Gym time. Summers almost here
Justin sleeper
<-----is totally amazed that its after 8 and all my kids are still sleeping.....this like never happens
YES! FUCK YOU CAPITALS AND OVECHKIN
Oh, happy belated birthday. Just don't name your kid Kal-El and you've got him beat, in my opinion. Lol
MAY 29th is my track banquet....omg I will be an emotional roller coaster....
needs a strong drink!!!!!!
Fantastic, thanks!
They just showed the trailer. So pumped for this movie!
I like to YOLO
Come on, Paul. The team brings the false hope, not the stadium.
Is Cake's "I Bombed Korea" the only Korean War protest song?
Oh late-night infomercials, how you try to suck me in with those "call now!" deals...
Life's good <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Neighbors daughter still gets a ride to school. She's in college. Probably my age.
over many moves, I have lost all those books. Am also still hurt over a never-returned My Friend Flicka from 8th grade.
sign me up for the lean ux group!
wanna no someting awesome? ur bday is exactly 6 months and a day after mine... ur half bday is a day after mine sweet ti amo!
I cant believe i almost wrecked my car into a house today...
when people hide stuff from you<<<<<<<<<<<
lakers need to stop leaving OKC open cuhz ya knw they a jump shooting team
We don't know what goes on behind closed doors
looks cool! got anything we can watch?
The marriage of chocolate and peanut butter is a lovely thought that I enjoy tasting.
Do you think this will lead to a Antitrust Lawsuit? How Soon Until Apple Blocks Walmart’s Vudu Video Magic? | SiliconANGLE...
Anytimee :). I love that one called; Fall In Ashes That's awesome!
At work shufflin papers waitin on my patients RT : what u doin?
from NBC15 TV is going to be at #smbmad #ford to hear awesome words of wisdom from on global social media
chelsea vs barcelona tonight ..
I am definitely ready for anything that my boys AC do. Can't wait <3<3<3
This is not OKC this is the MIA!!
ACRL Futures Thinking & why i'm here: because I want to know if l'll still have a job in 20 years.
Thursday Thanx to and for the folos!
I need me a purple monkey. Just kidding. I really want a pet lizard but even though they're cheap, the tanks are expensive :'((
Keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart.
I would promise to turn off my phone, if I could be one of your crew. Love me some theater seating.
I'm all signed up for #dcatl think I'm going to the summit on Friday too
oh god you have one too? if you wanted to say you miss me you could text me :)
Open it. “: What tips do you have for taking a picture through a window?”
im tired of seeing all the hate. This year im thankful for my wife, my daughter, and the herd.
Grading "Special Teams" | Two more big kickoff returns | Overall... a D+ |
WERE U STAY
It's open mic night tonight! Prepare to be entertained! Or prepare a song to sing!
That's one of the reasons why I love you . (:
1st 50 JC Independent readers to register for a class will receive a free yoga class! Clock starts now!
Process Mapping and Diagramming by San Diego CRM! See our new service: $295 for complete business process mapping!
Warren Taylor is my hero. Wow. Great talk.
I'm jelous of the people who look good in ANY picture! Im always trying to get the perfect lighting, the right smile, etc & It takes houurs.
At any given time, the Screen Actors Guild has a 96% unemployment rate, so question yourself constantly.
Whom the gods love die young. <U+624D><U+5B50><U+77ED><U+547D>
I'm on edge! Really am! Dad didn't buy the Pina Colada by Sobe! TODAY IS JUST AWFUL!!!
Don't get wet like the others, not in my Rolling Stones t-shirt, it was see through anyway, but you took it off.
what up with that?
that would be fast! :) but no, haven't seen any of that yet
openness increases readership
The old has gone, the new has come.
I've let LAZINESS get N the way of MY SUCCESS... This will never happen again. Hold me 2 it
wishing the nashville concert wasn't over a year away. LOL.
Glory lies in the attempt to reach one's goal and not in reaching it. -Mohandas Gandhi
Started my weekend pretty good:D
Really digging Craig Taborn's "Avenging Angel"
I arrived tonight in Tucson. I look forward to a wide-ranging discussion of leadership with a very impressive group on Friday.
#businessmetric the shortcut to management they don't tell you how you are doing they only tell you how they think you did in the past
who are we gonna pity?
No, that would be much better.
*it exploded when I was trying to put the straw in. Lol
DM me ya email
that well dried up years ago!
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.”
Embrace it and be awesome
It's like Christmas when I was a kid!!!
Barrera: We aren't one of them.
BOB takes all the shit away
When you fail you learn from the mistakes you made and it motivates you to work even harder.
Awwwee .. Thank You Mee Lady Janice... Thank You..
I don't know about y'all but these last two weeks of school been going by fast to me.
Any number for jobs is better than losing jobs. Economy is growing that's the point. Would be better if gop would'nt fillerbust everything.
Silence is golden but duck tape is silver. ~ Anonymous
Hey! It's only $15. What's the topic?
no one cares shut up
line all the way to clever bottle - crazy
on the end of that track >> lmao
Sending you a DM.
he's not trying to create jobs. Just says he is. Morons believe him and vote for him. Wisconsin last in jobs
HEY EVERYBODY! ITS MY BIRTHDAY! PAY ATTENTION TO ME!(:
Dance tonight at Harriman Hall on UB South Campus with Jojo Jackson. Starts @ 8! The workshop today was fun! Come watch all the cool moves!
Hey I did some radio drops for ya whats your email thanks again for playing Godz Messenger In the storms
Five Point is way slow tonight. This late night omelette is turning into my actual breakfast.
Today's Forecast: God still reigns The sun rose Blessings and mercy still being poured down.
Austin Vs 1D Wow He's Come So Far(':
R.I.P Donna Summer </3
Thank you to John Dell'Armi for being a #facebookfan of Have a safe 4th of July and thank you for your support.
Heard you got a main chick a mistress and some hoes you be up to no good and everybody knows
Ran 2 miles, cleaned my room, and class tonight. Productive day
Spent yet another radically inspiring hour w/ master dreamer/doer today. Tks for cheering up this grey, rainy day!
exactly, multitasking is your friend.... when you are not driving ;-)
": But my cab driver's name is Lavender. That's pretty."<-- That's pretty amazing is what that is.
These two white boys at the light listening to Cashin' Out and THEN they tryna race us...#LaughoftheNIGHT.!!!!
“: #Libra has a good chance for a healthy marriage because they communicate well and compromise.”
Looking for free things to watch on Amazon Prime. Any suggestions?
In order to get something many others dont have, you have to do something many others dont do,
im a gun my hearts the trigger my friends are the bullet that will save me and ur heart is the one i want to capture
OH: My husband is tiki-fying a bar tomorrow and I am picking up all the fresh pineapples and limes.
do good witcha people
I sing my simple, childlike song quite often.."Elijah was a man JUST-LIKE-ME, JUST-LIKE-ME, JUST-LIKE-ME!" (James 5:17)
You did! BITCHES AIN'T SHIT
Is gratitude missing from your list of core strengths? If so, try expressing it to someone every day and it will become a habit.
Ha HA its funny how sometimes good news just comes and rushes at you, had a good news day yesterday. Life is good
we are Soo obsessd with watching ur videos on YouTube ahha that's all we do ur so cute and amazing at singing!:)
Just thought of a suggestion- talk SPSEA. I have some friends there if you need any contacts!
RT "Surround yourself with love and nourishment and do not allow the creation of negativity in your environment" - Chopra
come in & give us a try! Then write a fan review on our Facebook page. There will be a random drawing Wednesday! Best of luck!
mother teresa said people won't remember what you said, but will remember how you made them feel, so true
#NorthCarolina showed itself to be a
Lol, I still have my "project" though right?? RT : Hot date!
my favorite drink! RT “: Awesome!”
No climbing equipment required, but steep like the trail to Poo Poo Point. Have you done that one (off Iss-Hobart Rd)?
Music is the language of memory
He said it! "The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the glory of God and the refreshment of the soul." - Bach
busiiiee bay be
ha that is interesting, as we talk about the police make their decisions and then courts decide if it will go fwd. I dont think
When I have a kid I'm for sure naming it Xhilaration.... LOL do you have a say in this?
hey follow my new page
Ppl at least know what curate means, when we use terms like "gamification" we loose credibility.
I fear the smartz would overwhelm me.
Gay ass school -_- Can't wait to get home so i can work on my mixtape
off to another long day of #stopmotion animation! We're pushing around 6,000+ hex nuts all day. everyday.
In my village! I am in the middle of nowhere, I take bucket showers and go to the bathroom in a hole. Everything is so new!
Just read this today, very true -> "I wish people looked like their personalities"
I always said bros before hoes.... Kinda wonder if that's the problem
Can Swiss chocolate make #grading less painful? We shall see ...
Thanks for the compliment! Clear2Go bottles with filters make the perfect gift for the holidays!
Watching PONTPOOL and eating pasta with Good times for Italian and Canadian zombies.
haha oh yeah fine go go I ain't stopping you <U+E40E>
20 years ago there was no Facebook. there was no Google, and a Tweet was something that Barbara Walters gave to her dog.
Blah! You love me.
FOLLOW ME!
They just clean it up and take care of it. They don't panic or it'll make it worse for all of us.
What a great idea! Let's hire our women's coach from the worst women's program in the state! This will turn out well...
#GandB G your a hero!
Looks like me turning 21 is just a big ordeal to me. As usual.
to speak?
I like to put the fear of god in my parakeets. They won't shut up otherwise.
oh just wonder! Sorry.
Raise your hand if you have the coolest brother ever?... My hand is raised.
thanks so much for the b-day wishes Im finally 18 XD
Survivor is still a show? I thought they left everyone on that island years ago.
Not to happy now really though
Are you covering for CatsIllustrated today?
yea I'm goin 2 see my son wats the move dat way smoke sumthing
“One of the true tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency
Alright, creepy blue lips guy is really getting freaky.
Upcoming Fundraiser Wednesday November 16th: "Jazz & Jewelry" at First Christian Church of North Kansas City from 7:00 - 9:30pm
It's really sad when ppl can't distinguish the proper use of "your" and "you're". Log off YOUR twitter account because YOU'RE an idiot!! :)
I think it is a combo of landing page and the ask...the ask drives them there. But a sucky page may kill the deal.
Happy Birthday Milwaukee! Celebrating at and with !
Thanks for following me Dennis!
Tak boleh , password or email wrong
Dodgers have no heart, pickibg winners doesn't get much easier than last night. Angels to follow suit 2nite?
The double v was in the wash.
suuuuurreeee there won't. Get a couple of beers in you and it'll be the Cubby Bear check-in and then the Pink Monkey...
It's always a pleasure to meet talented people.
Am I going on a mini-roadtrip??
been trying to sell it, but no takers or some reason.
: thanks for following me.I'll follow u back.have a nice day.
Buddy & Porky Pet Health: Threat of Salmonella Continues: They include: Solid Gold Wolf King and Solid Gold Wolf Cub, sold by Gold He...
Have yourself a free Carne Adovada sandwich. Just mention promo code: CA10. Come in or drive thru.
I finished and submitted the last of my term papers. I relaxed today, weird feeling.
I love bronzer.
I'm doing it right now and you all seem bored
just go away.
Atlanta back in first place in the NL East.
Fuck no mane
Happy #humpday! Anybody out there facebooking? Check out Lux on FB! www.facebook.com/luxcreative We love design!!
Remember, there are two words in life that will open a lot of doors for you. Push and Pull.
thanks come around for espresso when I open
i cant be your superman but i can be your superhuman...
Tweet the url of the page where you would go to find info about MONTELL&COMPANY's economic consulting for a 20% discount on any service
Waited in line with 13 year olds to see #HungerGames in the middle of the day! Reaction to follow in t-minus 2.5 hours.
And let Orr play 2B? Yes, that makes sense. You are clueless. Please stop.
spending the weekend spring cleaning. What fun!
Hey Phil! I like ur face, will u marry me?
Happy St. Patty's Day!
oops! Damn phone, meant to write "your nerves" not "you're" lol!
Once we hit 1000 twitter followers, we are going to offer free shipping AND 50% off for 24 hours to celebrate! Get your friends to follow!
Lead from the place you are.
Don't play games with a girl who can play them better.
i can rap check me out!!! boom bannggg danng zannggg fuckk -___- give me a beat :D ?
very good!baby good luck!:D
The cubs are smackin the cards. Let's just hope the bullpen doesn't blow it.
Im ready to settle down im tired of beinq sinqle :(
Happiness is a continuation of happenings that are not resisted. :)
nothing new what about u ?
#yee THE BEST!!! #mahomielove... Etts so hard to get follow by
"whoever invented guns ought a be shot" - George Jefferson
<3 RT Bought shoes for a wedding this wknd, already hate them. I hate most shoes.
Everyone's invited to our Raidergate on SATURDAY at 2!
looking forward to a day full of nothingness
“hey can u please follow our friends they both make great music!” uhm jake doesn't? People these days Smh.
I follow back
Call (408) 247-8080 to get free teeth whitening for life. Silicon Valley Smile Center
Jsyk my dad is google translating what makes you beautiful and hes saying it in spanish
Why do I get spammed every time I tweet? Are they THAT bad?
Ah damn! Sigma throwing down HARD! Let's kick it #twincities! coming up next!
Sounds good. I'm setup with my network. How do we connect? email addresses?
Swish and flicker.
In my own bed tonight. God,yes
Well see that would be MY hair. Stick some mulch in it too. But I want SWOOPINESS LIKE YEW
Thank you to all our new followers!!! <3
this is why I love the city of Fort Worth I know where stuff is! Dallas not so much, good luck.
We just signed up for the Arts Midwest Conference in Minneapolis on September 7, 2011. We hope to see you there!
Monday's suck. I am however excited to see what this Jay-Z, Labor Day Festival is Philadelphia is all about though.
working working and more working
I have worked with Temptu at a salon I worked for in the past. I find their system to work extremely well.
At bela dubby for the last show as a venue known as bela dubby. Soon it will be a taco place. Renovations begin soon. Sad panda.
My alarm is set for 430.. Its time for bed. I'm getting old.
I remember for like the first min and then I forget.....I have a horrible memory at times
thank I appreciate it
Phenomenal bout - waiting for the decision! -ms
time is your game today? At somers?
Thank you for the RT, Friend. Yes, I am grateful I don't have to fight on my own. You don't have to either. God loves you. (:
I can't (what's your middle name?) tono!
I Kinda Miss my old life...lol #Memories ...#Bittersweet...I'm Trippin ^_^
either way I am honored you say this and am sure we will meet at some point!
But RVD is cool because he's on the pot!
still on for coffee tomorrow?
because i've been a complete dick to him. i'm so stressed.. i admit to being a dick. and an asshole.
I think imma be sleepin good tonight
This is the most fan friendly I have seen the brewers down in AZ in the past 4 years.
I was suppose to be coming at the end of the month but I had emergency surgery so now I can't fly :(
#HTH2012 noting tension. Digital folks careful to say digital less valuable / important than "real authentic object". Digital not 1st class
. My wife's 4'11", sub-100 pounds, a martial arts instructor, + loves playing hockey defense w/big guys. I believe *her*!
Thanks for the #FF! :)
But i reject linear narratives so
Ok good, that misery inning is over.
So, I think I completely bombed the multiple choice and did below average on the essays. Pleh. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
I'm so glad! Hope it brought a smile to your face : ) even though they look suuper cheap! Haha
he thought you paid a fee for the card and the books. I guess I should be grateful he at least realized you can borrow books?
hm to APPOLOGIZE?: got into fight with another girl at the Female Orgasm Seminar over our feelings on "the facebook" what a waste of time.
BJK is a true leader in womens sports-on my bucket list 2 hits some balls w/her 1 day!!!
oh yeah! There's one at the VisArt center here. I think it's mostly art pieces at that one though.
Somebody must have had an ecstatically delicious birthday!
BIGGEST FUCKING LIE.
Somehow though, any time I'M near anyone, they get more famous.
That's me all day. Keep up the good work and keep on telling it like it is.
burned 168 calories doing 32 minutes of "Walking, 4.0 mph, very brisk pace"
Supt. Folks has proposed a 2% salary increase for employees next school year. Board will consider increase for 2012-13 budget.
Listening to the show on my Monday commute softens that Monday feeling. Not this week :'(
it's so hard to get out of bed this morning!
#GWWiseAgg is awesome!
Come watch Pay-Per-View Fights with our Knockouts! UFC 145, Saturday April 21.
how are u doing my beautiful friend?
just read your new book. HYSTERICAL! Completed it in a 2 hour plane ride. Such a good read!
I use Twitter to try and keep up on what's going on in the bowling space, but it gets hard to muddle through the noise.
StaffingMarketplace will be rebranind as Staffing & PEO Marketplace.com!
RT I miss me some Q haha..wat up homie?? <miss you more boo! all homo!!!
thanks for following! You inspire us! What inspires you? Share on our forum www.wearelux.com
alright my nigga
ill tell him to unblock u
It was deep, Paris :)
Focus Magazine wants to know! Who are your favorite contemporary photographers living today?
Let me know. It'd be naive not to think about physical space and connecting in the real world at an event like
oh man, I'm in the BX!
Found a pleasant lady that works at Walmart. I guess only in West Texas is that possible!
world! Have the best day EVER!
wht does that mean?
Playing just dance with hehheheh <3
One simple question: What are you going to do today to make yourself and business better? My answer to myself was "Take More Action"
What the fuck .. Is going on my my parents room.. I keep hereing screams..
Wonderful, thank you! I'll send you an email shortly from my SI address.
I'm happy to report that there were plenty of Tecates and really cute little kids at that baby shower.
thank you
Irrelevant conversations -__- <<<
Many people we're hidden in the mall. M, I would say not exactly, but hey, we have a huge parking lot for you to feel comfortable.
Thank you, sweetie! :-)
Is it just me...or is David Beckamm (spelling?) really difficult to understand on the new Burger King commercial?
I don't think she knows exactly what it means... But sometimes she runs around the house screaming it
Getting ready for CINEQUEST!!!!
Niggas B shootin slugs then try 2 b kool n ya face...But i dnt start shit i just finish it...So fuck em no more mr nice guy...
Yeah, he's a lucky fellow indeed, to be adored like that.
Well in that case, go Pats! Are you all Oscars viewers? That's more my style.
use yor voice and think of the things youwant to be heard and just say them. call obama and tell him what is on your mind.
he's doing what Tom delay did when his mugshot was taken. Make the pic look less "criminal"
we are glad you enjoyed it. You can't have world class care with bad food! That's why we focus on it.
I Am Highly Confident And Satistified w/ Who I Am. Confidence Is Everything..!!
": has a great weekly newsletter" Thanks for reading Nate!
Thanks! Going to be a sunny Sunday so it will be a great weekend!
not a place for protest.
We should have some freebies in a couple months, building a new factory to make tons (literallyl) of bagels. Stay tuned!
What a day...Some days the river just flows and some it's upstream all the way.
Make the most out of your consumers - enable them to create content for you.
Love It.
operation smoke is a "no-go" now:(
Hi Troy, both should work- the ePub is designed for the Kindle, but the PDF (which is laid out like the book) is also fine
man! Juliet Simms knocked it outa the park on #THEVOICE.."dont have nothin without a woman or a girl"
Good Morning Twitter Friends. It is wonderful to be here.
thanks!! On Warped?
Ask a fan of one direction if Harry is gay or not???
Just wrapped another San Diego: This Weekend video shoot at ! Stay tuned for the webisode tomorrow :)
“: a lot of wetness around the world tonight... i hope you're picking my voice to dance to...” hahahahahah you crazy lol
After last night's wind storm, I can officially confirm that if a tree falls and no one hears it, it still did actually fall.
Freeman. Hands down. Next ?. RT : Would you rather have Morgan Freeman or James Earl Jones as the voice narrating your life?
30 Minutes or Less was pretty awesome. && OH YA #THEAVENGERS is ridiculously BADASS.
-ugh. i'll never buy a GE appliance again. Unacceptable (non)delivery. Unacceptable customer service
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B4>
hahaha, I know all about that...
I'm gonna be performing for a bunch of senior citizens
#ObamaInHistory in 6 months he will be
me too! RT It's about the message, not the technology--love how present post-it notes are in the Letting Go session.
i mean
I Do So Much Online Shopping It Dnt Mak No Sense
Noted speakers addressing economic development resources & governor's funding initiatives Power Breakfast.
I know all because I said hi
Go figure the pitcher breaks it up...track record says position player incapable
graças. Yea lol. It was funny
if it makes you feel any better this account is followed by three of the ICONic Boyz.!;D <33 lol
off to massachusetts for my brother's wedding!!
that's ok another day for sure :)
Pretty over the top, don't know how it could be all that tasty!
I could really go for a coke icee right now. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I am sixteen, going on seventeen. Meet me at the gazeebo so we can sing about our age [stop]
E new shoes will be here on Saturday!
Visiting #ZooLights this weekend at the National Zoo? Make a night of it and come to LiLLiES for dinner, just down the block from the Zoo!
It's hard to write a horror story when showtunes are blasting at your local coffee shop. Even if the song is about demons.
All eyes on Cupertino, CA today. I hope this has been worth the wait. My 3G is on its last leg.
This race is scaring me.....
ugh I feel for you, papers suck. What also sucks is this getting up at 5:30 thing I'm doing, welcome to adulthood, I guess.
sorry I don't keep you posted on my life baby. I'll be back tomorrow night though!
One of my co-workers is eating a bean burrito as a morning snack. And she's still so skinny. Mind boggling.
Blue skies and warm. Who's picking up some bratwurst for grilling this evening?
exciting social media software rollout being announced on tonight's business development training webinar
N*ggas be lyin they a** off...that's why I don't fw alotta people.
i really wanna know what people in other countries think of California Girls or just American girls in general ? :o
Denver is not playing tonight
the beatles<3
Alabama, Arkansas, I do love my ma & pa.
I know a man who's really cocky, but he drives a 02 cavalier. Not knocking him, I just think he should be a little more humble
aww I barely saw this :') haha thank you!!:D
Nicest part of my morning - drinking coffee and listening to coffee break in my car.
Leaving Coney Island...late night...but some things were accomplished
When it comes to something important base your judgement on the facts
Cigarettes hurt me. Sometimes I just can't drop them. Hiding in the rain, smoking a cigarette from a friend. MKE.
#TheresNoExcuseFor not being awesome.
I don't understand when people abbreviate when to whn and later to lttr and etc. Like are you that lazy to not put in one letter?
just think about how good that division was last year...and how bad it was this year, yet a Pacific team will make the Final
Fuck you to than... Bitch
What are some of your goals?
Ugh my phone isn't new enough to play Temple Run never mind.
what do you mean by *wtf*
For most women the libido peaks just before menstruation.
GOOD JOB(: you did amazing. <U+E41F>
Man, it's upset Friday.
dont you mean single girls lol
I can see how this makes life easier for adults!
Or not... I see how it is! Hahaha! :P
Bitches ain't shit they ain't saying nothing...
And the shootings and homicides continue...
"I thought they killed Osama Bin Laden." - Nyles. You don't want to know what he was referring to.
16 hour day today. 5 am to 9 pm. Had a great time!
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain. - Lily Tomlin
That's all they played! Thanks to everyone for showing their support!! To all performers: YOU ROCKED IT TONIGHT!!! & thanx
we loved having you! Come back anytime.
The UGlee American
lol its all good, its probably because I'm from Vegas
Lol...(yea, i'm like 4hrs late replying,,,phone jacked up lmao)
how i wanted to see how it would look but I couldn't even get it near it, it wasn't meant for what i hope once happens
never www.Troublesumworld.com
I wish rent wasn't so high in Old Town- that first block of King Street would be PERFECT! Lottery tix needed.
Save the date, y'all! - 6/1/2012 - for the upcoming indiegogo fundraising campaign for the Sweaty Booty Cheeks video! Introducing worldwide…
Following on instagram? Be apart of our SCOPE, tag your previous SCOPE Art Show photos #SCOPEArtShow & connect !
Doing a guest spot this weekend at the #brunswick #maine Knights of Columbus. Hope they like the C word! (I don't mean Christ)
oh sexy mamma
Now what??
Still wrestling with getting back into something I was never good at: blogging.
tor's dropping of drm got an applause from #dplawest #dpla audience
Moontower Comedy Fest or Psych Fest: what is everyone excited for this weekend? Austin will be (even more) full of funny, spacey folks.
Cool, can't wait! Thanks for sharing.
Even when folks are hitting you over the head, you can't stop marching. Even when they're turning the hoses on you, you can't stop.- Obama
ANDD that's my rant for today, and I'm done. Lol Everyone have a blessed day.
Shout Out to Brandon V. newest member of the team! welcome to the family cuzzo!
There's a kid behind me with a talking toy and the longer I hear it, the more my ovaries shrink.
"UX Design" is more than just "web design" and "web design for mobile"
TRUST means everything, but once it's broken SORRY means nothing.
we're all drowning in our tears over Turn To You, imagine what we'll be like when we hear Believe, the song justin wrote for US... omg.
haha that is so true.
Triple Letter and Triple Word
yeah bff
"that just got me harder than fuck!" ohh the things guys say these days..
hi lynn am good thanks for asking....had a stent put in my heart and feel so much better...how are you my friend?
"Your grammar," I said, "is almost as loose as your toupee." --Raymond Chandler
Can't believe I'm saying this but this #Bruins fan is now rooting for #Devils this year to add 1 more chip to this great goalie's legacy.
#NP ONE IN A MILLION ~ AALIYAH <U+2764>
Russian can be tricky to translate. I have only read his works in Russian.
Why is Ryan Gosling so godamn hot?
Do you get out of town every time it rains? Just wondering?
Thanks for spreading the word about free admission at DM us, and we'll send your iTunes gift card!
RT : "we support by doing what we do best... Helping organizations solve their most complex issues" Evan Hochberg
huge nite for TV, thank goodness for DVRs
What do you think of the Seahawks taking Bruce Irvin?
What a day to find out I have a hole in my shoe. Soggy sock. :(
An incredibly beautiful piece of music, Helen. Purchased Aviators on iTunes and looking forward to more.
Off too School :P
My old lunches consisted of naps: now they consist of squats, dips and curls.
Was that a manhole explosion in Back Bay or Syracuse's basketball season blowing up? #Hiyo!
happy birthday!! :D
you love that too, Lmao!!!
Happy 236st Birthday ! Hoorah, thanks for what you do everyday!
Going to a party later :D
we're bummed too! it's in mid 90's. In August , this will be a cool down!
I use Canandaigua National Bank specifically for the free Princess stickers. Oh they have Dora too!
I'm cruising down the street in my 6 4 jocking the bitches slapping' the hooooeesss
There's nothing like listening to Brian Eno's "Music for Airports" on a 70s "surround sound" system in the library AV room.
Chickens at 26 weeks but not one egg yet -- clearly sorcery is at work.
Working with a PGA Tour Player and his caddie today. I love it when people realize golf is not an individual sport - takes a focused team.
Ofcourse I wanna grow but listen this is all I know
there are plenty in Tennessee!
The LIQUID crew is still reeling over the Dallas win. Good water cooler convo!
": samples samples samples"
I'll Have Another wins the Kentucky Derby......1st win in history for post position #19 in the Derby.
Cook County Assessor's bill that cracks down on folks w/erroneous multiple exemptions comes out of Senate Exec w/vote of 9-5.
I am imagining Ewoks crushing AT-STs
yup, plus prosecution accidentally revealing accuser's names and now McQuearly filing lawsuit
follow me i will keepu updated of everything nba nfl nhl wnba soccer anything u name it it takes on button follow below
RT "With iteration there is no beginning or end..Only small steps forward"#contentstrategy isn't a project, it's ongoing.
Happy Easter!
RICK! Long time...! Good hearing from you. Thanks for advice, but it's cuz we don't have photoshop. :-/
U can be the King (Boss) all damn day but when U don't understand Ppls emotions & Politics U R setting Ur self up 2 get served cyanide soup
im at work right now but we can kick it when I get off ima call u
Pretending Feelings Aren't There Doesn't Make Them Go Away.
Thanks for following us Carlino's! We're happy to stop in for a tasting anytime, just say when... Cheers!
I would have predicted 2 runs in 6 IP. Conrad, Green, Izturis and Gallardo are 44% of the lineup!
3 Mile Making Strides walk today in Daytona Beach....Good turn out.
Skip, I definitely agree with your point regarding born again Christians. People are always tempting them to do wrong.
I bet things are really awkward at the Paris Home Depot today.
So I Married an Axe Murderer. RT : RT : If you had to watch 1 movie 5x in a row, which movie would it be?
LOL, you're a bitch.
West Virginia: WV House OK's bill to allow liquor sampling
Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand Wants Federal Government To Let All Gay Couples Adopt - Instinct Magazine (blog)
Huntsman: Young people most likely to identify as unaffiliated
stay on his grind that nigga is a true #inspiration!
Styles P. - Good Times (I Get High)
Is anyone worth talking to on? I have all period.
hey buddy! wyd?
"Relish every sandwich"
I love LA. I really do. I'm a die-hard NYer, but I love LA.
So.... The Lucky One is my favorite movie now.
every time someone asks for my opinion on something, they end up going against it.
3 Adventure Gaming pioneers that every gamer should know
don't worry, you always think of something good! Let's get something trending :)
Daylight savings time - I love you! It's 6pm and light out
Getting ready to interview Taio Cruz before he goes on stage!
is the People of Idaho represented, our website will be up soon. www.WeThePeopleOfIdaho.com
yup. And draft one in the 2nd or 3rd round to learn under Gurode for a year or 2
Well me and Kyle, we looked at each other, and we each said... "Okay."
SAME AWAY FROM DIS S*IT “: Could use a #romanholiday right now!! x”
yes we were talking about that the other day!
please tell me you've started the project..
When the beat just keeps going
hahaha, yah I followed you :P
Rolling In The Car With The Windows Down Blasting The Music Loud , On A Hot Sunny Day ! (: Can't Wait Till Summer ! <3 .
I'm just gonna starve myself until I disappear, and turn into dust.
With the Cavaliers getting hot (or healthy) behind the Bucks, and the Knicks faltering, no good lottery pick coming and no playoffs assured.
I've had 5 calls from out of state today. No messages left. What gives?
cant burry your head in the sand and act like bad things dont happen ALL ur life UNFORTUNATELY bad stuff happens
Thanks everyone for coming out last night! Like being on top ;) Gather your friends & head out to #MVP at the door to rage!
My Wickless Evolution website is being designed as we speak. Stay tuned for the launch. Exciting stuff, folks!
God will smyte u for bringing this up RT 1995 Missouri v UCLA: The Bruins beat Missouri with a buzzer beater by Tyus Edny
8 Mile is such a good movie
What the hell are you doing in Jersey?
City of Louisville announces it will reopen 7th St. to River Road after closing it in 2007. Says sorry about that whole Museum Plaza thing.
really? do we get to eat it at the show?
You got your fingers snared in my veins! I think its time you them out.
hi sweetie! can u check josh's page and let me know if you can c the graphic ok... i made his the same size as urs ;)
CALLING INVISIBLE WOMEN- may appeal to middle aged ladies with empty nests. Book club title.
Thought I was, but guess not
And I splash on a bunch of clothes cause I’m living life!!
It's a lazy sunday afternoon with wet snow falling from the sky that isn't sticking to the ground
Gah! And now I'm logging off spoilertastic twitter. Love Weeden as Browns QB, but hate making the pick, if that makes sense.
My grandma also has fake boobs...
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened. - Lao Tzu
Haha that's embarrassing-- The western theme that hardly makes sense is probably the best part!
My brother can sometimes be annoying.
We had to order more postcards for people to send to Congress - that's a good thing! Make your voice heard at
And what if I retweeted yet again?! Better not to risk it.
My garage floor is the envy of my neighborhood. A sight that words don't do justice.
Is it bad that I never want to be responsible for cooking Thanksgiving dinner?
stop lying.
Hey :D
Looks like I'll be crying myself to sleep again.
Done with my #gtd end-of-decade review. A giant #mindmanager map with horizons of focus and with hyperlinks to related tasks in #toodledo!
the jalex shirt is the most amazing shirt i've ever seen, i definitely need this in my life now.
i really need to start reading labels on cold medicines... shocked i made it to work today w/out passing out from the drowsiness...
someone said that made me lazy :( thanks for believing in the "POWER OF RETWEET" It's #Awesome ! RT :D ~~~~rich
If u don't have anything positive to say to me then do me a favor and don't say nothing at all
And to my utility company: Thanks for sharing the entire community's email addresses. Have you heard of this fancy new trick called "bcc"?
OMGCF !!!!!!!!! Their coming back to California ?
Had an awesome (if very indoor) weekend at #WSJdata - thanks !
U Stupid! Lol
hey all my functions are acting crazy. please fix it. Thanks, bye
if I can i will! I'll let you know on Thursday :)
Man I'm Bored
Dig In
Pizza and beer. It's a good night.
I'm saying this notion of a 40-hr time clock is foreign in academia where productivity is measured in ways other than hours.
thanks for following!
ty. and oooooooooooommmmmmmmmmmmmmgggggggg are you ok?! so sorry to hear!
new house?
We like that we can set it up in house and it will process log files as well as let us tag pages.
Just picked up a few more bottles of Hopslam and Expedition. It's gonna be a good Beer Breakfast Tuesday tomorrow
S/O to our newest followers , and we always follow back
recording a Voice Over Audition and my mic cable is on the fritz! anyone know where I can get a new one? I live in the valley!
This week is my week
Aw just fuck off!
Great seeing you today!
Council tables Marks' bill to seek term limits for council members.
Enjoying the cold winter air in NYC, polar opposite to LA!
When I was little I used to think Miley Cyrus was actually hiding be Hannah Montana and I was the only one who knew..
i like your accent.
Bad Times r to b looked upon n understood .........
Are you a volunteer and do you have a story to share? Let us celebrate with you, come and tell us the highlight of one of your experiences!
RT : Ooh, #WineRiot, eh? Maybe I can convince people to give me free booze.
lol. Please watch the video asap.
I have a feeling he'll receive the news from Board of directors that he's fired after what he did to
Hell yeah , fuckin' right.
Wow. That was amazing. Fuck everyone who doesn't love this game.
Thank you!!!!!!!! So nervous for today. Can't wait for it to be over!
So goodnight moon, &goodnight you.
love and light
Never tell that you've served roadkill for dinner.
;) RT : Yeah. Lots of customers are tools. :)
Great article. Thanks. It gave me some ideas to help the wife with her blog and site.
Baby Hayes is Aka buck boy.
Today til close we will be offering 12% off the entire store as part of the "12 Days of Andaluz".
87 cappers with plays posted today and 3 NBA consensus from their picks that are on a nice 20-4-1 run over last 10 posts,,see ya @ t window
And there goes my good mood -.- thanks mom !!
We have some interesting ideas about bringing you music!
Same to you Michael!
You're not cool if you have to tell people you're cool
": hey love" hey what's gooodie? Ain't seen u n a min.
do u still have autographed vinyl left?
#np Ain't No Rest for the Wicked - Cage the Elephant
listening to pacha podcast from 3/6, it's pumpin me up gym
It is freaking cold out there!
When, and more importantly, why did you decide to start using social media?
am I supposed to believe that abercrombie actually has a football team? and if they do have a team their recruiting seems questionable.
Great pass Earl Watson I see u getting 22 Mina game 11 yrs,! You still got it and it is mention to be ! Keep ballin EJ! And hold young bucks
Great speakers tonight urging #SolanaBeach Council to become 1st in #SanDiego cities to #banthebag and reduce
if you are an artist, promoter, club manager, club owner, producer dj ,email me so we can give u a profile on
Right, which then becomes a legitimating factor in any policy or media discourse that deploys it (e.g., Moynihan and Myrdal crap).
Don't laugh at me.lol JazzyBaee92
That's straight up dereliction of duty right there. You should definitely write a letter.
Baby sitting my girls... I'm thinking nap time.
Sorry? Mine was a Trader Joe's frozen meal, so it wasn't *real* Indian food!
Proud of AU alum Octavia Spencer winning best supporting actress!
depends if it is a casual thing or has relationship potential
It's been that way for years.
I say fuck it all.
Despite his level of academic & intellectual prowess, Imam Anwar Shah al-Kashmiri would refer to himself as a simple talib al-'ilm
You're welcome :)
I swear, if I end this day without stranglin' a bitch, it will be a miracle.
YES! THE POINT EXACTLY. my 3rd period is all in. Love This play. Such great lines of poetry and wisdom.
I hope Boise St. Lose to win my Bid.
Now taking res. for the hottest tkt in town:Gold Coast Int'l Film Fest.entries from Berlin, Cannes, Sundance+new films this June. msg me!
Hopefully President Obama's support for gay marriage leads to action. Saying something is one thing, doing something is another.
I would suggest contacting first!
At home looking at homes for sale on the internet. Can't wait for the gym tommorow. BOO YAH!!!
#FF - My favorite douche in the world!
finished watching The Wire. Doubt there will ever be a series so great again in my lifetime.
Animals wane their children at the appropriate time without emotion or guilt. Humans should do too; no 4yrs old walking to mom to suck milk
there's now a blinking light above our vending machine at work, Everytime I put a coin in I feel like Im feeding Zoltar from "Big" the movie
just updated to Natty Narwhal #ubuntu unity is pretty slick at first sight.
#goalforsummer Learn She by Tyler The Creator
On this warm windy day a Egg Salad sandwich with a cup of Gypsy Vegetable and a Blueberry Rooibos iced tea would hit the spot.
OMG. Just watched 'titanic sounds' and saw myself like 90 times.
Thank god I finally got that outta my system <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
wants to know what your doing to celebrate your 4th of July weekend. Enjoy & BSafe!
If you are in Portland this better is on the !
<U+2665>[[ATTENTION]]<U+2665> In love? Heartbroken? Or just want a laugh? Go follow for some of the best quotes on Twitter!
Is excited about the possibility of not one, but TWO trips to in the next two to three months.
Or, I suppose this is basically what Freebase is, right?
Hard to not feel bad for Kyle Williams of SF & Billy Cundiff of Baltimore. Hope both men get the chance to redeem themselves.
#Imissyouterribly and I can't wait till tomorrow when i get to kiss you!
please #FollowMeAlexConstancio im trying so hard please follow or ? RT if you see this <3 i love you :D
Some people are so terribly short sighted.
7 #ppv low Carb bagel :) #weightwatchers That's what I got going on this morning
To be successful in life you sometimes have to go through a crisis. Praise God for the crisis because he will bring you through.
Clicking everywhere. What is it?
it's been a hard days night
Yes! I can't complain. Great things happening. Just staying focused. :)
Gym is going to be the death of me!!!
Miss Angie's single "Kick Drum" is #25 on the CRW charts this week!
my pleasure!! Found the photos n I had to! :p
Are there any substantive changes with your Timeline tutorial since Google Docs has made some changes?
Time for the viper to strike
yay I wear toms!(:
apologies for the hiatus, revamping a few things, and a final edit for our book and game is in order. We are seeking investors at the moment
Please win today #Orioles so it will stop being spookily exactly the same as 2005.
+ can you follow me??? cuz you rock and i didnt quit pandanda!!!
AWESOME. I was poking around a bit on the DB site and getting a bit perplexed by the options.
Having to wait 2-3 weeks for my new iPad to be delivered
your beats are the shit bro keep it up
I would have to agree with you about the shows glorifying teenage pregnancy.
wats good mwah
RT : 80legs.com is a nice tool to scrape websites. They give simple data access methods.
Thanks, Maryann! (I think a full night's sleep is where my celebration starts...ah, to drift off w/out reorganizing plot points)
How romantic! You and Betsy sitting in front of the computer watching #hawkcam instead of going to the beach!
without Galinari and Afflalo!!! Come on guys, play fair. 1-1...We'll see ya April 11th i@ PC...
Did my building just get buzzed by jets? I love living in the city!
Swear these pretzel crisps are
no I saw one of your tweets to Dahvie a day or two after the show and started following you. :-) I was at the show withmy m ...
#FF literary heroes
How many of you are adult children living w/ your parents? Do you know people who are? How come?
Just finished my yoga session. Thank you for introducing me to yoga through your book "Do You". It is a must-read!!!
after this I will listen to 's "Oceanea" on repeat because i couldn't go to his show right here in my backyard.
would love to see that presentation!
Good, glad that's all. My friends kid's named Brooklyn because being born didn't quite celebrate the conception enough
You are so good together guys!!!!!!!!!
Jay Sean And Lil Wayne Reunite For 'Hit The Lights'
I think its funny how being on Facebook and Twitter at work went from taboo to accepted to getting on Facebook and Twitter FOR work.
Sox, Celtics losing, and losing ugly
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'s estranged wife found dead. I just unfollowed him yesterday. Strange .... stay tuned.
yes you are lame! I can't I got class right now until English
The only time I went outside today was to eat a breakfast burritto on my patio...must be close to finals week
Nissan Says Hackers Stole User IDs, Hashed Passwords
Nothing to do a friday night
A man is not where he lives, but where he loves.
any word from TBS on when they plan to begin airing CT repeats?
handsome devils
Over the weekend, a friend made references to both a palm pilot and about.com. For the briefest second, I feared it was 2003 all over again
Start spreading the news...
It's ok. I must've barely missed you coming back online. I did some more library exploring then got a call so I logged off :(
I am quite new to twitter. I have about 500 followers in my field. I think my tweets are useful. But have to ask: Is anybody reading them?
how are u kei!!
thanks man! U do the same ;D
haha where did u get that from
Tune in to 1340am on the COACH COOK RADIO SHOW at 9am, Aaron Davis from Hillsborough Title will join Coach live in studio!
It's cinco de mayo, everyone should be entitled to at least 1 margarita!
The heart wants soft furniture.
this usually the case I used to iron while I was on conference calls
this is insane
My friends are in the bathroom getting higher than the Empire State
ITS HOT AS FUCK IN HERE!
Know what's up with the police helicopter circling La Jolla/Bird Rock? Missing child?
Say it ain't so, the Epic 4G isn't going to have #NFC after all? BAH!!
Todays market right on. What happened to all the good news last week? Who makes the news up anyway?
Brian!! Don't you know, attics are where it's at for writing the great American novel.
It was a pleasure meeting today and hearing her speak about the future of scholarly pub'ing. Thanks, and !
Lmao. This little boy came up to me "trick or treat" while picking his nose.
The roads are slick and snowy in Salt Lake today! If you had a virtual office with Davinci you could stay cozy in bed today!
My mom is the coolest
Did Obama just outlaw dropouts?
you have a motorcycle?
mission accomplished
Up in the studio me and my drank lol
can you do a "that's the scoop" video so I can understand the issues surrounding pension reform?
Another Icon has left us and my prayers go to Whitney Houston's family.....
Meeting will still take place but Build Day is now cancelled. Future dates will be discussed.
Access to books is one of the (if not the) main reasons kids "make it" as readers. Kids with no access don't make it.
lol, my son plays at 4... Will you be at free state?
On a whistling train this morning. It's driving me mad.
will do!
New Supah Ninjas 2nite!!I <3 SATURDAYS Would Love If You Followed Me.New cupcakes 2nite Gracie.
My new motto: RT : Expecting life to be fair cuz u'r a good person is like expecting a bull not to charge u because u'r a vegan
You can't move forward while in neutral.Get moving. Keep smiling.
Chapter 2012 Page 132 of 366 Thankful for my one and only source and supplier of my needs.
Smelling like a cat >>>
can it be warped tour yet?
Nice! What are you training for, or is it just to train for the summer biking weather?
We're especially excited that shortlisted in Vendor Thought-Leader Award though he's up against tough competition!
Just sent manuscript for my new book to the publisher. Hallelujah! Glad to have that done. It's about spiritual fathers and mothers.
I forgive you.
I just want a quickie.
RT US dollar, US stock futures up on news of #Osama capture. Read as new market confidence in the United States.
the beehive also good for jazz. But yeh. Wally's is the best. Very small but good. Parking a bitch at Wally's.
Alright so I'm leaving Howard's campus right now and these guys are talking about like 3 parties that are starting... I'm ready for college!
can you do us a huge favor and RT this. we want to try to get our name out there. we are hug whores too so HUGS FOR EVERYBODY <3
I think top-10 end-of-year lists are silly. And yet read them voraciously.
My So-Called Life was such a friggin good show!!! <3
Whatever doe, sleeping all day, erryday. Fuck it!
aww so do I!
yeah half of it is going to Schafer now :P
Roly-poly little bat faced girl is the hardest anyone's ever come in a lyric sorry
fun too to see some of my research flying through the twit-o-sphere - spent a good amt of time on that project!
Close-that's next week. Thank you in advance
Couldn't do it...unfortunately,the fruit snacks I chose were not satisfying.
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking. Henry Ford
Cheers Raider Nation!
Amazing... I'm finally making a living online!
...used to not hire. I just want the options to graduates open and the excuses not to hire eliminated. Having college helps.
wow even more amatuers trying to throw hooks in ireland, whata shock, heres hoping they dont get it banned for the rest of us
Holy shit...Twitter!
why does That happen, it happens to me
Sorry to everyone that got spam from us. Our password has been changed.
Not at all. RT : This is not good. RT : So does that mean the season's over already? RT Green Bay gave up"
New This Week | Four new jobs and two new grants. Find them on the Programming Library homepage!
can you pinch hit for Davis?
Today we will lay to rest FFPM Michael Manieri. Members attending, line up is 10:15am @ Shrine of the Little Flower 3500 Belair Rd.
Missing Bosh... Not just on the court, but seems like the #Heat have no confidence...
I mean, besides the obvious facepalm
Check this video out SOLO XQUZIT"FEEL MY SWAGGER"and dance called "SWAGG SWAERING"youtube.com/watch?v=mRuX7L6Rm44&feature=share via
ditto! <3 x
Had a great performance tonight with lot's of fun & received an amazing compliment from an important director lady (84)! YAYYYYY!!!!
Miss you in the wwe!! Girl
Come back up to Sac and get your BBQ tri-tip and bergamot asparagus dinner.
#Itsucks #ResearchMethods just done presenting using confidence intervals in within-subject design! YeaaY it's time to focus on other stuff!
Yes, I do not
ask if he has any to share
DONT SELL YOURSELF SHORT
only a matter of time before i get arrested for indecent exposure. i seem to forget the car isnt a dressing room.
I vastly prefer your interpretation. Gonna go with that.
Everyone wish Miranda Cosgrove a Happy Birthday today :)
SXSW launches Startup Village
2nite saw cops pull up next to a guy talking on his handset. Ticket? No. Thumbs up! What's that about???
Listening to Manager Tools. I'm oddly fascinated by this podcast, even though I am not currently a manager.
I'm totally blanking! Did you see "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World"?
I'm digging your photos. Looking forward to Cing U at NoKill Conf. Bringing 2 co-workers w/me. Keep fighting the good fight!
- Madison and all of WI is proud to have you fighting for us. Thank You!
Thank you!
"JeffDavis50 - Love it don't wanna be a dud, I wanna be a stud lol amazing"
Thanks for adding us to your list!
Good tough questions today in debate of penalties for failure to #reportabuse thx DelMcDermott, DelDumais, DelMcComas for sponsoring.
No GB meetup, but hope your keynote went well! Thanks to for her help organizing our upcoming Skype session! :)
Help us connect with and mentor local #fostercare alumni as we seek to establish a FCAA State Chapter in
yes! talking to you just now made me so excited!
Class of 2016... high school is going to be hell for you.
Definitely. And it wouldn't be smart of Hobson to do what Kevin Durant did. Just imagine what Texas could have done.
RT : Retweet if you want to see the production shots from "Spring Series!"
Call me spongebob, I'm flipping krabby patties! I go to work, I do my cat daddy
"I was like, I'm going to jail because #justinbieber made me push a button." - #taylorswift haha I love #Punk'd
eat at Nandos!!!!
Interesting that ADHD runs in the family. Kudos on breastfeeding, it helps a lot to boost immunity (allergy & antibody response)
And, done with that :(
I would certainly hope so. Keep up the awesome work, guys!
mostly I meant Radomski - what a moment for a 16 year old kid - but also many of the mets (strawberry, gooden, dykstra, et al)
What fo clara barton and walt whitman have in common?
really!? Just doodles? :-)
Inspired by to start a tshirt riot. Who's in?
you should take a picture of you biting your lip.(guys biting their lip=OMG SEXY.) That'd make you even more perfect(: i<3 you
I had, jito. Since when are you a Twitter fan, Bird Man?
Yep. She's in Boulder and I live in Denver but they're close enough. It would be great to put a face to a Twitter handle!
If we eva whoopty whoop I want all the bleepty bleep
RT : Today is a great day to do what you love. If not now then when?
I don't even know
You guys helped win #funfreshfree :)
What do you do the morning of a race?
Thoroughly excited that is following me as I've been a fan of his exotic bug-eating and general shenanigans for a long time.
If you could pass everything along to me that would be great...
#inhighschool i made a blow torch from axe body spray and a light
Which goalie is gonna flinch? Put the biscuit in the basket...or go home.
Breaking from the norm - sincere sympathies go out to family of Amy Winehouse who was found dead in her apt this morning. She was only 27!
Live, love, and laugh. The three L's of my life.
Something tells me, you'll be sledding a couple of times before the end of the month. Winter is always weird in O-H-I-O!
Let's make Rock The Ink a trending topic! Only one month until Rock The Ink!!!! So let's make this final month count!
yes. go. x
Have a safe trip and don't bring back any snow!
Why the fuck is Rondo shooting fadeaways with a minute left!!!
The Dictator was really good!
So excited to be here! “: Anyone else excited for today's luncheon?”
Behind scenes photos are always fun!
schools climate denier in audience. Climate change is the infringement on civili liberties, not the govt regs to reduce GHGs.
i wanna say it doesnt bother me, but it does. i wanna say im happy for you two, but im not. that was a bitch move..
LMAO RT : YOU DON'T HAVE A JOB. CHRIS RT : Left my twitter up at work
- your recipes are #OneInAMillion but I make them #dairyfree for my tummy!
yeah I meant concussion wise. I think he looks good, maybe needs a speedy receiver to be picked up in the draft
Wish I had some secret supper leftovers for breakfast!
James who? I'm too lazy to check...if it's hetfield, I will steal a jet right now just to be there for the shit.
Oh! I love her! Happy Easter Saigh Family!!!
I Only Been Back In My Hood About A Week And They Already Killed Two People Out Here... #INSANITY!
Like I said. It's all about the second half with Kansas. UK has to find its shot
WOW U ON 1 TODAY
Yayyy followed me! If followed me too I think I'd die! Or at least not care that I'm going to fail this test.
Pushing off - Bellingham here we come.
I love you Andy
hey boo u look gewd in that pic
Yup.back at the lake now.
Barry trunk is my soulmate but he is running from me because i hurt him unintentionally over hurting inside from abuse i pushed him away
Being out of my house by this time <<< #killme #ineedmysleep !
Work is slow AF
cool.. I will have to check it out! Thanks! Is the Discipleship Class broken into groups (Jr. High vs Sr High)
I would agree with this. >> "If you really want to be engaging, a great first step is to respond when people talk to you."
change of plans, went to dinner with friends instead!
sort of. physics i just refresh my memory.haha, whataboutyou?
it's a good & will get better. My main issue is not being able to modify sharing/privacy.
Good weed , white wine
I'm finally getting around to posting audio & video excerpts of "Time in Eternity" for soprano and guitar! They should be ready this evening
NP ;) RT Thank you to for yummy delivery breakfast!
Showtime is from 12pm - 10pm so don't be late Vintage Reggae WinterFest MIRAMAR REGIONAL PARK - FEB 19th
O....people.....just gotta keep smiling, it'll be okay...
Tired as hell
It's such an awesome feeling, getting to the bottom of the laundry hamper.
Guess I have some extra fluid on me, cause my fluid pill is working this morning.
Happy Birthdayy MJ.!!! we all miss and Lovee you.! R.I.P
RT : There are 8 spots left for the $50 giftcard giveaway. You've gotta get in on this!! RT for an extra entry!
Welcome twitter miss lady. Great seeing. Lets catch up soon.
True love involves to people who not only are each the others sweet spot, 1 of 2
Also trying to control my sugar intake. I'm a sugarholic. >_< i had to put Equal in EVERYTHING when I was hardcore dieting.
Your work does that!
You better Go Head!!! That guy Caleb from Funky Knuckles was doing some Chick Corea Shit!!! :)
Aw! Thank you DevN1kes for the luv...... :-)
Merci for the mention!
It is true, Ann Romney "has never dealt with the kinds of economic issues that a majority of women in this country are facing."
haha what an awesome class!
The charanga!! RT Boxing or karate? What to do next?
-___________- Now I really am jealous waaahh I want a yipi now omg I could even taste it in my mouth and smell it LOL
Sounds like an outstanding idea!
lollol no problem dude
RT : And Fullers. And Thornbridge. Also a shit ton that don't export:I'm just talking about the beers we get in the US
Thanks!!! RT Protein + fiber filled carbs + healthy fats = stable glucose = #brainpower!
it was called flagrant 2 and downgraded to flagrant 1 after replay, and JVG = Jeff Van Gundy
Seacrest has awesome hair? News to me.
Tomorrow, 10/28/11, is National-National Day! :3 Can everyone please WEAR PURPLE tomorrow to show pride in PURE RANDOMNESS?? :3
“: The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things but their inward significance. -Aristotle”
I don't understand your ? Everything is possible with links and smartphones. Call you tomorrow. :-)
Prayers! Off to bed! xx
The best thing to do when #deciding between two things is to #trust your first #instinct. Any other one is already compromised.
And my heart can start beating again.
Thanks for the RT!
oh lol well it's true I love her! <3
thanks! It's just the start of a lot of fun summer launches for us.
So far, I have done a 5K walk (ACS fundraiser) and re-arranged my office today. Revising? What revising?
I love to sing. I sound horrible. But I love to sing.
layin in the bed textin as usual mad pat is here in town but wont be able to see his ugly ass cuz he didnt drive his own car
"May the fourth be with you" on this day.
Say hello to He's been at more than he's been home lately.
Happy Mother's day to you, too!
nahh if tou miss sunday funday you have to be accepted back!
ps - I'm telling my boss I'm going home because someone is being mean to me
absolutely no clue. Sorry
Visiting schoolboy on #Metro, "Why are we stopped?" I'm thinking, "So, you can ask another stupid question!"
WHAT IS MR. HANDYMAN? A full-service repair and maintenance company specalizing in taking care of everything on your "To Do" list.
We'll be tweeting from our Autism Speaks event! Can't wait to mingle for a great cause.
-except SEIU is not in the afl-cio, they are in Change to Win.
AMAZING Dance Rehearsal today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
#BICSI exhibition hall is great.
Use the rate code SNOW for 25% off our best available rate and $10 parking! Soak in our indoor whirlpool or order in-room dining service!
Thank you to the affable Prof. Stone for a really fantastic talk on design & information.
Well, we'll have to see how stem cell research can help the Bobbits out there.
what are you talkinnn about? I'm at home silly
I didn't hear it either, I was wearing my 3 goggles in ATL. Be good, June Bug.
Game 3. A game for the history books. Pujols - ties the record with 3 home runs #WorldSeries. Gotta love Baseball!
This episode is the true depiction of bullying.
Oh, well, I don't think about whether I am supporting authors. Besides, didn't you hear that she is in the middle too, likes both?
yeah I kept playing it over and over and I was like STOP WHAT ARE U DOING?!?!!!!!!??!
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Im giving half of my $$$ to Trayvon Martin's family && start a organization named after him <3
great trip, hopkins rolled stoney brook, md next weekend...
RT : "He drove a Chevy Volt; he died in a fire long before the apocalypse."
Dinner at on June 5.You will love it!
I refuse to call ron artest that other name. That's not ya name b.
They decided not to honor my 12 years exp. Teachers only. Funny I went through 2 months of their process b4 they told me.
Ugh. RT : Facebook just eliminated their biggest competitor for the mobile photo space. Bam.
Both nights in Brooklyn are Futureworld in it's entirety plus "special" set. Different "special" sets each night.
Table top, bench model t-shirt printers from caps-screenprinting.com are space savers for home-based printers.
Beautiful fall day in Portland. Worried it's the last.
I slacked off way too much this quarter, I know I'm gunna regret it.. shit <U+E40E><U+E403><U+E113>
Octavio Blowtel at his finest again. Not so good for the Cardinals.
Last Call Realization: I celebrate St. Drunken's Day in my heart every day.
Who wants to pick me up from the Nashville airport tomorrow morning?
The real life backstabbing, political alliances, and stratagems of city hall were growing predictable. Welcome back
Focusing on producing 's mixtape. Getting my skills.
People #RESPECT you for what your doing; not for what you're about to do.
We gone we gone we gone Get this MONEY
Don't forget to hit our 50% off sale tomorrow! www.goodwilldenver.org/locations for stores.
Holy crap, it's crazy downtown! Smashville is full throttle!!
Happy and safe new year from everyone at innovelop!
just 3, how much is yours?
Update blues chart on ReverbNation #5 LA/OC, 39 national, 68 global, #210 all genres LA/OC and 3989 global all genres. Happy New Years!
Dumb board
#ff the incomparable Ms. Annie Potts
Thank you. Happy holidays!
Off/Center: Art Writing from the Regions, Sept 20-22, with Looks pretty good! (#Atlanta )
I'm too excited to go see All Time Low this summer <333
hurry up! last two days to get your picture with the
Animal - Neon Trees
omg! the lake is frozen !!
Catching up on Twitter, I read about 2 million posts about a girl trapped in a noodle in Chicago. I'm even more confused.
Not Foreal I Broke Mine Nd I Havent Got A New One ..... *Sad Face*
Cafe Du Monde for beignets... Central Grocery for muffuletta... Acme Oyster Bar for its namesake. Yep, that's it.
When it's all over, it's not who you were. It's whether you made a difference.
RT A hood nigga like you yea i like that
Awesome music too! “: great movie”
Oil Jumps 2.5% to highest level in 9 months...
i dont have facebook sorry yo. ill make one soon and then i will i promise;)
i need a camera
happy birthday love yo site and hearing you interview hip hop stars
Thanks, ZippyG. "We are GO for Auto-Sequence Start."
Benilde-St. Margaret's just scored... now 4-0 late in the championship game against Hill-Murray. We will let you know on Fox @ 9 if they win
Oh my sweet lanta, hello there car show.
I always have problems opening my locker :/
The power of history is in the end the greatest power-Robert Caro
You can dance anywhere, even if only in your heart
Should have walked. #RTW protestors slowing down Super Bowl buses.
wait is cooler than me
I'll let u know how it goes, I'm skeptical
Diana Ross has NEVER won a Grammy?????
hahahahaha yeahh a lot of people say that!!! i will just keep trying :)
Is there anybody at all who finds the Fast Eddie's commercial appealing?!?
best: Wednesday morning worst: Sunday night?
How dare you say that and mention him in it #NoLove smh yhu gtta learn to not hate so much smh lol
FNM Tonight! Hope to see you there!
I had a small one years ago, but it's definitely about time to reinvest!
just spread butter with my finger because I didn't want to take 3 more steps to get a knife
Someone should tweet me! :)
I'm spending the day enjoying Oren Izenberg's Being Numerous.
HAHAHA LOL I was thinking you might've gotten that wrong haha, Go Drew Doughty!
showed your pops some chief keef vids the other day
Been loving some NC weather lately.
that letter to the customers makes that pretty clear IMO.
shes out than train smoke.
Back to back Saturday nights in Philly spent doing work. It's time for a real vacation. #Kentucky and
Bonus for working on the Range this weekend: my first meal at Gordy's High Hat. Nom nom nom.
Hot sauce is the most amazing thing ever!
Whenever I stretch it sounds like I'm being brutally murdered slowly and painfully.
Anyone know any good dog boarding spots in #seattle ? Looking for a place for our pooch on xmas, but everywhere seems booked solid!
It's a Coheed kind of night.
i get home and my bro made progress!!! :D
Thank you for the mention! Have a wonderful weekend. I look forward to your future tweets.
that's too bad! If you ever need help in the future, please let me know! If love to help.
Got the WMtn survey email. Great writing to whomever wrote it! Make me laugh = completed survey :)
Look trying to convert here! But HELLO This Twitter Bird needs to HAve alot of life put in it! Lets add
HCI question: Why did Wordstar have that huge menu that listed all the keyboard shortcuts? (Many kept it on while typing).
"Can't wait for LovingLocal to launch. Tonight is date night, and we're wishing we could already browse the Things to Do section for ideas!"
What a dummy.
Two more hours<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
how could i resist? it's DIANE.
I'm pretty sure my morning is going in slow motion.
thai food, ninkasi beer and masterpiece theater
Yeah your right... My head spinning
as am i
I literally cnt stand ppl who think they're better than me bc they can do more pushups/bench more/run longer/fucking crawl faster. Shutup.
What's the best advice you ever got from your Coach?
#derbyonnbc im voting for Ill have another, woo hoo!
#badgerhockey just got swept by michy freakin tech...ugh
love me some gambino. cant wait to see him at bonnaroo this summer.
Thanks for the follow! I was just checking out your website. When does your book come out?
I thought abt trying to syndicate bits for a while, but no, he doesn't. I do have a tattoo now: The mind is its own place.
#2 Scotty "fade away" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net
have a great time out there today! :)
real librarians don't drink decaf :P
yay(: hospital for 6 hours now on the road for 2.
RT : Happy First Day of Spring... Now get back to work!
Joke: Wife said “Honey, take me someplace expensive.” Husband took her to the gas station… L<U+263A>L! !!!
Total love fest at Loving the Circle City as we parade through our favorite things about the city!
Someone please text me!
It was $340 to get my car back. The price of stupidity can get pretty hefty.
Its amazing how much stuff doesn't get done unless I do it.
Laurie Berman makes a great point in her quote at the end.
hell nurse.
Winter getting you down? Get a new cute raincoat. Hehe
Badgers 8-17 from the line
My girl and I are taking our mothers out for a mothers day dinner Saturday!
No press here that I can see. Probably this is too difficult for tv news to digest.
me too. :p . Well, i'm learning english and spanish, at school. You? ;)
its nothing
Your continued use of our website will be deemed acceptance of the updated or amended terms
This sounds really fun. If you have a lesson plan or anything I can read, I'd love to see it!
Happy Birthday Arizona! We're a proud member of your growing communities
Well, Huxley is being facetious. From that same essay: "thought is barred," "truth is not wanted" "in the City of Dreadful Joy."
jump in on the fastest growing segment of the decorated garment industry! www.anajet.com
The new #Bing layout is really cool. Would you use it if you didn't have gmail?
Every time step out he got a fly chick with him to compliment his swag!
Happy Mother's Day to all you wonderful moms out there!
and making those smashes. Let's get it
every follower have goes to #CharityForPoor Penny already raised $700 for the poor, you can help her by being her follower!
OM-double-G!!! That's rough!
haha fine! We'll try to come out with a few bad songs just for you!
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted – Aesop.
Am reviewing the Bernadette Peters & Michael Feinstein concert tonight
I Don't Like Justin Bieber, but i Don't Hate Him. So...
We may be a thousand miles apart, But I'll be with you wherever you are!!!..I'm already there...!
Halftime and the blues trail glendale by a try 6-11
Just got done with my best little buddy at his speech followup...looks like he's back on track for a 4yr old!! Yay!!
He was my best friend I tried to help him but he traded everything for suffering
Mature women with more than me were the first to tempt me.
eating mint chocolate ice cream
Hardest part of hanging out alone in a bar is pretending to like Family Guy
she said..you ain't no good but you feel so good
Have a fun and safe Super Sunday!
wow that took u a long time
Took a walk today and was taken back by the sound of the birds and the flowers peeking out of the ground. Beautiful.
Well thanks...-BF
BREAKING NEWS FROM : There are empty seats in Fenway on a cold wet night....ladies and gentlemen that's some reporting
Even when you lose you learn!!!
oh no! Sorry to hear about the ACL. Of course that means the Tour will be boring this year.
Yep! :) Lol were so cute together.!
NFL is not playing I see
Great to run into you here
Excited that is now following me back! Looking forward to the opener, and this season. Going to be a great summer in Reno!
on my way down soon for iced coffee!
too many suckas and not enough time...
you swear like you & him made songs together, stop acting like you knw him and stfu
shout out to my nigga 173rd ent 5 star studios and to the homie k lo k..
I couldn't help it man. I had to troll that one out of any of those you just tweeted. It was easier than recording me dancing.
can I send my PedSheds into rechaco for a resole?
We are using SendGrid primarily these days... but going to check out Marketo. Thanks!
Ok so no announcement yet today.
hopefully if keep cheering it on it will work! #PHISH #ComeOnDown #Please?
Continuing my Guy Ritchie movie marathon with "Revolver"
Yeah, the old guy was saying that he thought mamma bear was really trying to save him(!), based on past experiences w/her.
Another reason for cheer: Jenna, who takes her picks really seriously, wins dtlmadness.
Feeling sick today and Tuesdays are my super long days :(
last night was nothing compared to tonight
Meet SMI #amamrc in Atlanta, e.g. #eye tracking for #POS studies
CHICKEN KITCHEN!
This movie is pretty bad, in fact it sucks
<U+FFFD> True friends are those who, when you make a fool of yourself, don't believe that this condition is permanent.<U+FFFD> Erwin T. Randall
what great timing! Can't wait to have you and your daughter out!
Wonderful Wednesday art world! What did you create today?
Reporters at a popular bar called The Abbey for reaction to the President's remarks.
Forecast for Rest Of Today: Mostly cloudy. Scattered showers late this morning. Then numerous showers and...
Is an image request in the <noscript> on a page the only way that SC determines if JS is disabled?
if I were serving your food EVERYONE would show up. Who do I have to make go away to get a Mile End DC?
Exit Row
actually, i think my adopted children are eligible for free tuition. Lisa is not, however, which she's bummed about. :)
Debating whether or not I should follow because & get kinda creepy when they tweet about him
So excited .. I'm gonna be an Aunt to a baby girl!!!!! My sis-in-law is due in January ... Auntie Teather .. Oh my .. <3
FOR YOU(I WILL FIND THIS LETTER AND TAKE YOU TO COURT SOMEDAY) DISMANTLE YOUR COMPANY FOR HOW SHITTY YOU TREAT PEOPLE, YOU SAID I GOT TWO
Haven't tried it! Is it worth trying? :)
proud of being one of your 931.778 followers:) I love you so much! go #Ballerinas !
January 21Day Purification Group Program is set. Doing nutrition consults via Skype now 2 so U can B anywhere. Skype me@ SportsDocNarson
Lebron James played like a bi$?h in 4th quater
hahaha that does no.justice. can't see any of the alcohol behind or the keg of beer.
It is delicious!
hehe you see?(:
straight like that!!
Our 2015 post tandem of Megan Gustafson (South Shore) and Emma Roennenburg (Adams Friendship) are 5th and 7th in scoring in the Wis 15 class
I'm on smiley face overload looking at your convo hah
Disregard my previous question. Just saw your tweet about the blog post.
Any recommended good reads on Obama's announcement today?
Along wit celebrity comes bout 80 shots to your frame
he majored in business and minored in sexyness
What would I do without my favorite ppl: My son, my parents and GOD. I dont wanna know!
The Inventors & Entrepreneurs Meeting tonight at 7 PM in Ceremonial Chamber.
niga where the f*uck u been
Heading to Seattle!
Can you tell me how many trekkers visit K2 base camp each year from the Chinese side and Pakistani side? Thanks! Eric
yes! You better call me when you're here!
that being a reason.
So proud of all my kids and what they want to see happen this summer! Miss yall.
this is true. But at least its not one-sided like at the coliseum or NJ.
how do you forget something that you love? it's not really possible, is it?
how have you and your writing been?
I just finished a 2.03 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
and to you, dear. thank you. <3
Maybe the government wouldn't have the munchies if it got its nose out of our bongs.
hey i like you new pic!:)$
“Don't gain the world and lose your soul, wisdom is better than silver or gold.” ~ Bob Marley #quote RT RT
Sit Toney's bum ass down.
take that Buster Olney!
What is your favorite coffee flavor?
Justin Wong is gonna win in #SFXT at #SXSW!
aw you guys are cute! <U+E328><U+E056>
Dagum I gots to practice my wobbling skills! concert in one week!!! #ExtremeAnticpation <3
If the Mets ever ask publicly why their attendance is subpar, I'm sending them a screenshot of your tweets from tonight.
Thanks for the mentions and !!!!!
Anyone wanna buy in on a center court penthouse suite for the bulls game tonight? $100 a person.
RT It's not gay if it's for a Klondike Bar.
I like Fab as well, but what I like about Everlane is its all their own products, and not 100 different products a day.
Label writing is a skill! A skill I am determined to master! But for now I am at least 150 words over the limit...
;; Let's be best friends .
now I present me and Shea's whole friendship timeline in about 3 tweets
And I thought coming at 10:30 would be early enough. Geez.
wow Samantha and Captain Awesome
All these people have the potential to party.
Goodnight guys :) don't forget to follow our personals and :)
I know that feeling Hang in there girl. You're kicking ass
agreed. and the only thing worse than mazz sometimes is felger.
Time for bed soon got an early morning tomorrow "/ but then after school I'll get on a plane to London with my friends =) YEEY
“: I say come to Indy Taryn!” <-well then, Indy it is! Looking forward 2 it n happy u r speaking there!
I just earned the 'Mad Love Ultimate Fan Badge' badge on CBS.com!
yes you're the old slob kabob he drools over.
f*ck the Best im Beyond it >>>>
My strategy on those shows is "whichever of you is willing to make out WITH EACH OTHER gets a rose!"
you guys should sing a song from Wicked or Rent.
It's like Kansas knew we where going to whip upon them in March! Hehe
NEW YORK GIANTS, Y U NO GIVE UP ALREADY??
RT : thanks for teaching me iPhone tricks! continuing education... happy to help!
Starting the day with a quick exercise program-great for the body and mind!
#ExpertVisibilityTip: What's an SMT? What's an RMT? Two of the best ways to get huge exposure and get paid for doing it!
Happy National Beer Day!
Thank you very much! :)
Can't say I'm excited for this. RT : From Vince: Freeze watch in effect all of SE WI late Thur. thru Fri AM. Lows inland: 30°
Being without Wikipedia for a day reminded me of post storm power outages we had as a kid. My, my, how times change us, & our expectations.
Any party with the Foo Fighters wouldn't be one to miss.
is not giving me shots. Martin is fucked up lol.
Thank you for sharing #ShineYourDivine with us!
Where else can you pick from 15 different sauces?!—ONLY at ABX!
What are the chances this backyard treasure hunt actually turns up anything related to the Gardner Museum heist? I say less than 1%.
San Diego peeps ever wanted to b in a #flashmob? Here's ur chance. Sun 10-2-11. Visit www.sandiegoweddingparty.com for choregoraphy & more!
Could you please RT this survey link? needs 7000 more responses! Jurisdictions r listening! TY!...
no doubt!
Follow me on instagram: juliakelert & I follow back
I need a Foot massage !
Twitter Steering Committee. Concept seems so foreign to me.
In case you haven't noticed yet from his tweets... Journal staff photog is on the balloon field this morning.
lmao hell yea they would but they ass would be straight after that
now you have it. :)
Chaos! Great tune
Yu(z) a bad mother. Tx is rollin now!
#Valpak envelopes start hitting homes today! In addition to killer #deals , keep an eye out for randomly inserted $100 Instant Win checks!
I always wonder what its like to actually hear people.
I can't believe its the 7th day of the #StationFast!! Its been an incredible week!
I will consider it.
had whitefish at Sable's earlier in the week. It was heavenly.
She Got A Ass On Her, && She Pretty In The Face, I Spent Some Cash On Her, It Aint Nun To A Playa . . #AwwYea :)
Best dinner EVER!
I got 99 problems and my girlfriend helps me eliminate them:]”.
is following !!! AND ITS RECENT!!! They both so FRESH!
Why does everyone hate goleman all of sudden?
What are some of the most important things that you've learned from your mother?
excited for you man...congratulations
The Detroit Tigers look great. On paper.
There's something you don't know I've walked you of to keep you on your toes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
So Today... Yeah Another Great Day <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
He's the best--> : You know I'm always down! Shot!
I can design or make music with a TV on. When writing, impossible. Hmm... maybe I should make a flow chart.
I ain't thinking bout you tonite
Celebrating Life, was a huge success!! Thank you all for your donations and support to help other women with ovarian cancer.
Oh sh#t he f#cked his knee up
LOL Triple H (Paul Levesque) returned, too. I want Triple H vs. Paul Bearer vs. Paul Heyman in a Paul on a Pole Match.
Just bought "World of Geekcraft," which looks to be an awesome book. Particularly excited to try the cylon hoodie craft!
SHUT YOUR FACE!!! anthony- DM ME!!!
Great action in the Riv poker room, come on down and check it out !!
Morning parties are awesome.
Looks great!
The "vengeful librarians"? lol I will send this one out to all the librarians and future librarians I know. Only the phrase is funny
Merry CHRISTmas! Praising the Lord for my Savior & that today my Redeemer lives! And He lives in me! Hallelujah to the King!
Its not u its me
So cold this morning. 28 degrees.......bur
#wheniwasacrab Joanne was like a big sister and looked out for me :)
HOW LOW CAN U GO
I guess I'm pushing for jitters. Come on jitters!
certainly is an Adorkable little fuck.
Is it just me or does Netflix Instant seem to have less quality new content? Can't find anything, and summer tv is simply unwatchable.
great. I'm the tall, thing guy in jeans
Going to see Daniel Orrin & John Wall
Great weather + Insane sushi Thursday = awesome night to be on Milwaukee Street!
Ready to dance the night away? Come in tonight for Dirty Boogie starting at 9:30!
oil companies make billions and laugh
Time to get at that dubstep!
Going to costco to have a yummy hotdog
Safe travels sir - see you next week.
that's why we don't force leagues to choose player pools based on conferences. You choose the teams you want.
#Scorpio may need a little something to keep them going thru the ceremony, they SECRETLY want to win more than anyone. Magnetic w few words
WAVE HOPPER 2012
...to pre-pay for health benefits to current employees, and any employees (some whom not even born yet) for next 75 years.
We'll be building packages for the newly announced #WSOP stop down under later this year | 9 Bracelet events in Oz | Cannot wait for this! |
We understand completely. It's good to minimize distractions and focus. What's on your Pandora? - Bryan
I swear sappy love songs are following me, taunting me. Time for 'Disturbed'.... that should shut them up!
<U+2665>. its coll if u no follow me ,istill lovee u very very very muchh <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
what about me?
YES! Defender of the season Kompany puts City 1 up! :)
5 days in a row at the gym.
Yes! Cuz that's how we do! ;)
are you coming to florida on your all the rage tour?
Big shout out to the previous owner of my econ book who sold it back to the bookstore, nice work crossing out roughly half of the paragraphs
UGH I WISH I COULD.
I may not be the prettiest, smartest or strongest, but at least I'm me, and don't pretend to be someone that I'm not meant to be.
Thanks for passing along the info, ladies! Jaime, check your inbox for an email from me! :)
thanks for following!!!
and Jersey Shore for you of course.
Interesting presentation from Gaikai CEO David Perry on cloud-based gaming thanks.
Trying to create a Special Offer for checking into us on FourSquare. Watch this space over the next two weeks.
Last full day at my dads!!
If you're wearing pajama pants and sandals at 1pm and you're a guy...you have a problem.
am not! Watching the #Grammy show. Hello Bruno Mars!
How does Starbucks not open till 8 AM?
Well, he calls himself Josh.
Alicia: "I'm not a sore loser or anything, but Christina you suck, so there."
- A: we've got to survive as individuals if we expect to survive as a society. The ideas are not mutually exclusive. T. Turner
one? Be faithful.'
my mom just gave 's brother a tour of my room and said that he was her new friend. omg
man this girl chest look like a steped on honey bun lol
Still in awe over your speech, and the night-Thank you so much!!! RT : Thanks - it was fantastic
Depressed. Now I won't have any spare time or sleep for like the next 9 weeks.
I feel a strange calm coming over me, lately, and I don't quite know what to make of it. Must be the yoga.
I have one that uses binoculars to watch the children play in the street
Have you switched your business page over to time line yet? What do you think?
Dreamt that I was ordering pizza for a large group and an honest-to-God screaming match broke out over "Thin Crust!" or "Deep Dish!"
So it begins RT : I hope the dogs like snow because it's snowing!!!!
Beauty call LA - Cryostem facial increase collagen 71% in 1 treatment.Your Beauty all the time.
Strategy meeting last night with and Colin Killalea. Went over tunes for our Fri. recording session for the Blue J. album.
So Good - Say Anything
Be sure to schedule your Private Lesson before the end of January!! Laura's schedule is filling fast! Email us at .
If you phone your name in on the list I have a hard time imagining you getting shut out. I'll msg if game starts.
Feeling like Rap God when you sing a fast verse from a song successfully. <U+2665>
the latter for the holiday
As usual, the quote generator is working hard this morning in my timeline, as we needed twitter to get quotes of "important" personalities.
#NDSA unable to attend & deliver googlization of everything talk for / NDSA partners meeting
It pays to do an amazon/google search for stuff from #gilt; just found a gift for my daughter for $20 cheaper.
i was dying at tweets this morning lol
Heard the festival was a smash, glad you enjoyed it and thanks for supporting !
Sometimes, a good Disney movie and a bowl of ice cream can fix any problem
Attending the Monday Night Party & Fundraiser tomorrow to benefit 2 great causes! Hope everyone got their tickets!
I got it from Austin's old icon :)
frickin A...a bit behind but QOTSA, Strokes, Jim James, Widespread Panic, Deer Tick, LaFaro, Middle Brother, meeting TV On The Radio=orgasms
hmm at swag!
Tax return complete = new iphone on order. Happy birthday to me . . . Thanks uncle Sam for raping me throughout the year. -_-
I want to look up / And see your eyes change / Forever / By me
yep yep it's cool ha ?
“: You are gorgeous.. just saying haha” His first tweet to me<3
Thanks for checking in with us on Foursquare! How was everything?
I do too. I think it's cute.
NF Please join my Diva movement and follow back!!
This Victoria Secrets model looks like she needs to eat a couple of combo burritos! Not sexy...
#45 Bro, Gods love is unconditional, is yours?
everyone is certifiably crazy about at least one thing.
Got your voicemail and plan to touch base early next week. It's hectic around here today!
I was impressed she could turn the tube out of a block of wood. I forget the name of the early maker she copied. I'll ask her dad.
J Carlson: data curation profile--"reference interview on steroids"
Haha, I didn't know Nico did a remix to this. Thanks!
idk...does it? Let me know...I know it helps with itching from a mosquito bite
Got my first taste of today. So delicious! I'm going to need another box by tomorrow.
#NVHollyMadison 'I got my body back'
Just purchased a new camera, Canon Rebel! Now I just have to learn how to use it...
That's Santa Claus and His Old Lady on #WFUV - glad it gave you a grin Camille -
We knew what you meant RT : I meant Corona!
I do everything and anything for anyone and I get called selfish? I guess...
Observer Forum: Letters to the editor
not complaining... But now I'm hungry again. Better luck in Houston, I hope!
"Since computers are a popular way for identity thieves to attack you, you need to cover your tracks."
My schools administration sucks. Most of them belong in hell. Just because you're an adult doesn't mean you can treat a teenager like shit.
Why did I think it was Friday? It's only Tuesday. This week needs to go by faster
I read that today about Facebook passwords! Crazy!
& I'm not even trying to be a bitch..
Setting up a new Web page. We'll see how it works out.
Lunching it up a Chuy's Restaurant today!...Today is a Spectacular day!
Can't go wrong with Master & Margarita!
awesome get ready for coedz at Mix Ultra Lounge Friday july 22nd!
A most worthy cause, hoping to raise awareness. Thanks
Blitzer is also pretty damn amused when numbers change on a screen. I think he's just easily amused.
Shout to the whole e.v.a. pro family
looking confident, track suit and all.
State Attorney now explaining #hazing law. "This is a homicide by hazing." 13 people to be charged.
Oh interesting... I hadn't heard that. What's the explanation?
On to to get supplies for Saturday. Possibly returning with some sushi.
Stewart's work (see previous tweet) is a large-scale installation called "Fully Empty #2." The show is an homage to the winter solstice.
For position updates and company happenings, follow on TWITTER!
I really am genuinely flattered at how many people in the last week have said they want to work with me on creative projects.
Hacked Ozymandias' Twitter account. The password was "RAMESESII"
Anyone know of other VC-backed tech firms that've moved from CA to MA in the past decade? So far I have Kiva, Conformis, PolyRemedy & Nexage
Well, that was before the Cylons. Oh, wait. Those aren;t the colonies you mean ...
but.. But.. I'm not going to the game.
Stephen Joyce (Ecce Puer) must be spinning!~D
nothing yet. Actually reading some of 50 Shades of Grey.
I'm tired of looking like the bad guy
i go with them Bron Brons
Does anyone know score of David Prouty High School Super Bowl Game??
There are some really creepy people out there..
If gets the job at taco bell I'll be getting free baja blast all summer long
400 extra a month to chill, il take it
FOLLOW for me right now. (:
thanks for the Look forward to your tweets :)
There is a fine line between swag and gay.
yeah, I suspect we'll be seeing a talent drain from parents avoiding pop warner in a decade or so
Thanks and of course!!
RT Use, do not abuse; nether abstinence nor excess ever renders man happy.
Over 30% of the submissions to the first OGI Conference were used last year, so your voice DOES count!
"Not Too Soon!"
Lovin' the San Diego weather in NYC today!
ARRIBA!!<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B5><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA>RT : Cinco de mayo! Time to be mexican all day! Margaritas with some classy bitches later!
Same bizzaro world where is skinny and rocks a Potsie Webber
#WHSummit at great discussion on healthy food financing. Let's Move! - Farm Bill - SNAP - community development.
I found it!
probably why I feel so fresh and clean clean
trust me, it only gets worse. But I do think it gets funnier too :)
My grandma needs to just stay here to live!
Overtime !!!! Not sure I can handle this!!!!
Hiya #Miami RT : From the 305 MIA (LET'S GO HEAT!) tweeting tonight with the flu
To maximize healing after a buttock augmentation, minimize sitting on the buttocks for at least 3 weeks.
does anyone know when season 3 of #TheBuriedLife starts?!?!
says strip clubs and sex shops are not welcome in P-town.
S/o to the new follower
I'm SURE that is true. I took an elective QBasic class in 1999. Really.
#ItsAboutTimeWeLetGoOf Whatever this is.. or make something out of it
I want YOU! FMOT
great shoot with BEAUTIFUL --->
What's OKC? I keep seeing it on my timeline <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>.
Spurs win! Sweep the Jazz. On to the next series.
and why doesnt he have good connection!
Negotiate contacts w/ licensors that refund u for downtime not extend dates if contract.
That's awesome, thx! Twitter doesn't allow users to DM non-followers...ahem !! (I need u to follow us so I can DM you info :)
Four X 40 pass arrived today. The snow is a nice prep for hitting the hill soon.
nite r u goin to be on twitter tomorrow??
My thesis now has a call number! BV167 L41
For #FF we're throwing out the big social networks; , , and
Enjoying beautiful Los Angeles- what a beautiful place. Can't wait to work with the new producer of TV Show. :)
They will and they know it, but if they can pick up a title or two they'll be happy.
yeah it is
Im Coo Bruh Chilln Coming up With Ideas For My Line Gettin Mentally Prepared for this big show on friday
Top of the morning, God bless
lol its okay. but he isnt gay?
Hi Hi how did your Hebrew Studies class pan out? Did you absolutely love it?!
. No, but let's be honest: Why live in D.C. when you can live in Charm City?
Today is the day when #collegeboard reduces the hard work of both #aphistory teachers and students into one assessment.
Happy Birthday ! Hope you had a fantastic day!!
I gotta say, showa's got it going on. Whole grilled squid and pickled veg till I'm stuffed.
Bye gross school see you next week! :)
In the relentless demands of obscurity, character is built. -Chuck Swindoll
Should have thought twice about that tweet...
That's right buddy! Just call me your personal alarm clock! (;
had to create a new account could remember my old info! It is all good. Happy to be back tweeting. Give me a shout out!
good morning sister (:
#TIME TO DO THE RIGHT TIME
Where did you get your Henley in your Twitpic.? :3
Can't wait for this amazing weekend.The San Diego sunshine mixed with the friends, family, and festivities have this weekend looking amazing
Loving the beats bro, U will def be on my next project, til then datpiff me MCMLXXXVIII
game time boys! Let's beat those packers like the eagles beat the giants
...and then go to bed. U have work tomorrow RT : I will re post the tweet I had earlier in the week that got so much attention.
I'm loving this weather <3<3
Blocked kick in triple overtime, #MSU for the WIN!! So good to see Dantonio SMILE!
It's a good day when everyone in my very conservative library is talking about licenses.
IM SO EXCITED I THINK IM GONNA PEE IN MY PANTS XDXDXDXDXD
you are so cool. Like fo' real.
WE'RE HAVIN A SALE RITE NOW ALL ARE RED TAGS ARE 20% OFF UNTIL SUNDAY!!!!! this excludes levi
dood ure and ideot I sware. You don't even find that shit a little amusing?
doubt it
3/10/1788->B Lincoln:The growing attachment of the People to the proposed Constitution is certainly a strong proof of its general excellence
Ironic considering today's Toni Morrison love-fest: just got web-order saying they discovered our press by googling "Why do i hate TM?" 1/2
Today has been a really great day... But also a really depressing day...
I didn't watch the whole game but from what I heard and saw, uh huh!
Mom’s Night Out: Beat the brunch rush with a variety of #dinner #specials | Available for #MothersDay this Sunday, May 13th
Hammoudeh on crude oil at $120/barrel: "~0.5 percent will be cut from economic growth in the first year of a budding economic recovery."
According to the SeaTac airport map in , there is a Freshens in Concourse C
HAPPY V-DAY EVERYONE BY DAY WAY TABOO TUESDAY!!
txt me about it when you get a chance if you want
I didn't even know there were maximum minutes. Eek!
There's a hawk circling our house and my dad just screamed and ran inside to get his binoculars.
Thanks for letting us know! Could you give our support team a call? 1-855-466-2646
A1: It is easy to apply to a lot of jobs today
April showers brings Angry Andy. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Yes, most definitely -- soon. EWB is a case study in the book, so we may need a follow-up chat someday.
Alexander McQueen Exhibition was far more than just amazing. So sad photography was not allowed :(
The sky c;
Anyone have any sound isolating earphone recs? Durable plz. My replacement Shure SE210s have once again crapped out on me w/in a year.
Oh well.
Super Fun wine for Mom.! Free shipping on any two bottles or more. Use code MOM010. www.giftedvine.com
What's your costume for our Zombie Apocolypse party Saturday night?
thanks :) but I took them with some girl I'm tryna find her -.- lol
I still can't believe how many videos and photos we monitored. Good times, indeed #SB46!
I Can't Believe That My Brother Is Going To His Senior Prom! I Think I'm Gonna Cry(':
RT ": 4% of industry revenue in September came from one deal - LivingSocial's Whole Foods deal, which generated $10mm"
Just saw Marty Roesch, CEO, they're rocking it old school w/table games casino
#itshardwhen you're trying to party hard as fuck, but you're in a library. Right?
Seriously Heart attack in Nashville.
A little bit of drama ensued, but the dog is safe! :) No way could I turn my back on that situation.
Hey Where do you go in this town for one of those Surly 16-grit Double IPAs?
Lets Go Panthers!!!
I feel like I'm there all the time. Lol If I had friends to go with I would for sure. Not the type to go out alone
Dam that dog fell out of the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down but he loves me
the kardashians adopted me yesterday.
"Relax prisoner - surrender your will to Wonder Woman's! You shall see her picture always stamped on your brain! ...
Jim Collins: #Leadership is a hierarchy of capabilities.
Thanks for the heads up! That's so awesome!
Hitting the links with looking to defend the title vs and stinkyDrew big ups too
Chris Paul doesn't miss from that Right Elbow
Thanks Mark! much appreciated!!
the story about stink getting nailed by his son's 94 mph cutter made me snarf. Not quite milk through the nose, but close
If what you are doing is not moving you towards your goals, then it’s moving you away from your goals. – Brian Tracy
that was the dumbest technical like ever
Shout out to my brother , I just wanna say that man. Its pimpin over here yall
It's a masterpiece, just not a good movie.
Woop! What's up? :P
And I'm excited to learn more about the communications & messaging work you do with nonprofits
You know that was user-error.
I am late and will be there in ____ minutes.
Happy Mother's Day to my mommy. Special love & prays to my grandmas; miss you every day. Happy Mother's Day to all the moms on twitter
I Swear #Spang-A-Lang has magic healing properties
I LOVE MUSIC <U+2665>
Baby girl twist awaaaaayyyy.
Bill Maher 'Who Just Molests”.. So Bill now thinks #Santorum has inappropriate relationships with kids?! Inexcusable!
Dayton bound!
Almost done with my last class of the day :)
Been chilling coffee in the fridge over night. Morning time treat all week!
Congrats to you and your son!
ED is up 4 DVF award (a much needed $50k 2 empower girls against trafficking). But need your vote 2 win! www.DVFawards.com
I should totes Skype you from the theater.
James Jespersen, 77, co-inventor of closed-captioning, died of a heart-attack in San Miguel, Mexico.
Back to #MaryWashington for my last undergraduate semester... kind of surreal.
Who has a good way of marking resin coated prints?
so what
Someone say's let's make yesterday Jealous....Goodpoint
Bounce bounce bounce ball!
dear Alan--you are hilarious.
word!! And what you have to offer... Lol
just havent been in the mood..i made up wt my bro so we cool now..im back on track lol
You bet if you ever get out of the Library. LOL
Spice rubbed chicken and veggie tacos w/ chipotle cream
tomato soup; spaghetti; grilled cheese sandwich; pizza :) Ok, now I'm hungry!
OK :) Just looking out for you!!!
I love the indigo on the team... “ I dig the Indigo...”
wow! I did not know that. so what? buy CDs download to phone?
Small biz service owners, Kansas City is now charging $20 per sign if you post them on city property, like a signpost or pole. Pick em up!
They finally stopped from tweeting. Thank god. I hope her ass cant get out
19th annual Martin Luther King Jr. Coconut Grove celebration at Saint Stephen's Episcopal Church. 2:30pm on Sunday, January 15th
"What kind of dog is this?" "Uh, this is a tortes" hahahahah
Looking 4 something to do tonight? Join us Meridian St United Methodist Church at 8p for a FREE outdoor concert with
sweet story, morning glory.
#latenightconfessions is trending and most of these people sound heartbroken.
Just got through watching #Abducted for the first time and that is a great movie.
today I feel blah and slow, yet tonight I have to take a high stakes standardized test. Crap.
Listening to interview right now. Not that reaffirmation was needed, but Howard IS THE greatest interviewer!
Who had the bright idea to hold #ALA10 in a 100 degree swamp? Librarians don't keep well in the heat. Cardigans will spontaneously combust.
shoulda put gilbert in the game!! Give a nigga a chance!
The Vow was based on a true story! Omg but it was cute.
is waiting for 's concession text but it's not over yet!
I dont have any at all now sir... sorry... if i did i would!
I call bullshit Ref!!!!!!
My 3-year old just noticed a Maltese cross in an icon in my twitter feed. "Look, it's from a fire station!" That kid doesn't miss much.
What is the longest bike ride you have ever gone on? What was the best and the worst part?
bachelorette>>> homework #priorities<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Congrats, Jen! RT As of May 14, I'll be joining as a senior editor to help launch their Chicago site. :)
we can help with that. It just takes a little practice go get used to the ipad keyboard
I hate wearing my retainers ):
Roy was AWFUL in Dallas so the thought of him being an "upgrade" is both sad for the current state of our WR corps and...
Retweet if u follow back
Tomb Raider 1&2 all time favs as well..nice to meet u.
The Hunger Games is trending! I just finished the books and absolutely loved them!!
#smfh how crazy is this girl for real.. im sorry i didn't know aswering every txt u send even when im busy means im ignoring u
I could've used a little more cowbell.
Team Odysseus making it out to Coachella Weekend 2!!!
Thank you for the mention.
It is now up to to move forward and show the leadership it has always shown. Time for us old timers to step up
STFU. K. COOL. BYE.
god justin bieber is too funny LMFAO!
Fill in the blanks. My favorite .... At thanksgiving is...... Because.....
M83 tonight! Can't wait!
sweet! Send 'em
Solitary Man ... no crowd surfers yet.
Smith: Blathering about urban renewal without saying anything. Now I know why he's not getting much time.
What he said ---> RT : will we be getting the announcements on the other events soon to save money on travel?
Me and chris have the same birthday :)
I haven't had my daily dose of Rachel in like 2 days!
I gave the remote to Zoey. She looked well. and I are on the road. It was a pleasure guys
MT Mexico’s Tequila regulatory body says US surpassed MX as main Tequila consumer in the world in 2011, measured by volume
Exploiting someone's personal financial issues & insinuating that it negatively impacts their onfield legacy? TODAY at 10AM
RT ": Careful, girls, fat guys just want to get into your pantries" holy shit this is golden
This needs to be the last night I stay up past two.
no way!! What part?
Kind of shocked the Esquire has BOY right now. I really enjoyed that one.
Why does our pussy hair grow faster then the hair on our head? If it did go at that rate I'd have long Pocahontas hair!
Baxter you know I don't speak Spanish! Fitting though since we're hitting the Mission: Shotwell's at 9! cc
Need info. on #Austin Bice, the #SDSU student gone missing in Spain... if anyone knew him from school, family, etc. tweet me
Running low on milk, so snuck a splash or three of Rumchata on to my Raisin Bran. Your days are numbered, 1%.
also commissioners can reverse pending trades if players get injured
u missed 420 on FB I looked for U #toohigh for these tweet twats. I def miss u too! When do u work? Ill come to your side
Rick James... Supa Freak.
needs to stop walking around the ilab n do some work
I wish i had magic powers. I would make food appear
did the bible really have 4 as a replacement of for. These bible translators are getting lazy.
“: you're such a babe”
#prom was the best!!
But if you never try, you will never know.
just followed ya!
#nercomp Cost, accessibility, usability, effectiveness for tools for udl
Small to medium business, Vega Communications is offering 10% off first month of a social media campaign starting Feb. 1.
Stop by and register to win a free Rad1 digital x-ray system at WVC 2012 in Las Vegas! We will be at booth 777 from 2/19 - 2/23!
Made it through the graduation w/out tears although I cried all day
I refuse to follow
Thank you:)!
...frankly, i think bloopers and outtakes and commentary will be the best part!
On my way to phoenix for a couple days..forecast is 75 and sunny. Oh yeah, enjoy that 50 degree Wednesday, Chicago.I'll bring ya back a tan.
what does one make with 2 fennel bulbs, 1 ridged gourd, 1 bottle (upo) gourd, a bunch of basil, garlic and 1/2 pound of shrimp?
Might have to repaint my room. They say being surrounded by dark colors will cause depression. Starting to feel it.
MY RUDOLF PIMPLE HURTS SO BAD.
I want to lose five pounds for summer! <U+E322>
I feel like guys are only attracted me when I'm blonde. But I've only had sex as a brunette.
Sitting in a conference session with a paper cut. Can't slip out--wearing a bright blue shirt and 3 in heels #Sasquach :( I wish I was 5'2"
Cracking me up as usual! Can't wait to meet u IRL. BTW we r bringing appetizers. Check ur email :)
Awesome services!
Perfect! I'll power nap on the plane
black or something silver
lmao, sounds like a plan <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I love you too :)
Of course you can - be my guest! All the best for Christmas and New Year!
wow "michael phelps how big was your bong rip before your lap?" cool things radio is off the hook haha
Yep, then I am already a part of the Yay Life tribe! Even signed up for newsletter so I can get more yummy smiles. Go me!
Hiccups is my body's retaliation for me having offended it in some way.
1st time running in 3 weeks, wow that was rough! Gr8 to get back out there though. Torrey Pines Beach was beautiful as usual- 70 degrees ;)
take a pic
I work out.
Last stats lecture. It's been a ride.
god i wanna lick you!
Are they going to blame Messi for this one?
lol. I know I did.
But if he disowns , he'll only have one rock star left!
#3WordsForYou let's talk now :)
this is one of the most interesting basketball seasons ever..
Learn how to convert the negative power of pressure into the positive power of perserverance.
Did #BGC8 make u gag??? Ha I almost threw up watching that umpa lumpa Gia
AP government super study seshhh at Starbucks with my girls!
ON THE RADIO... OH OH OH
Welcome to the Foster.ly directory, Your listing has been approved.
i may or may not be home :/ but youre more than welcome to if you want.
have a great hump day!!
Looking forward to the game at 5pm PST!!
“: Makes me think of Minus The Bear meets Head Automatica & Facing New York! Very impressed..." Kimbra knows Facing New York?!?
In honor of President's Day, did you know that every U.S. President has stayed in our Presidential Suite?
You're welcome love your work, thanks for the shout out!
Thursday night at 8pm Est
who fucks wit lil b? Nigga gets no luv from my city
Gotta work all week
Mt Vernon Sq looks sharp with all the beds mulched and the flowers coming into boom!
Life is hard but with God's love it makes everything better. Life is short, so have fun work hard n live right WITH GOD!
my goodness I'm going to murder that boy
The trends were seeing abt #socent is that is starting to see more #collaboration !
Holiday tip: if you're having people over for a small party, you aren't obliged to serve the same meal we've been eating since the 50s.
burned 200 calories doing 35 minutes of "Strength training (weight lifting, weight training)"
We even extend our services to care for patients suffering from #Alzheimer’s disease and other forms of age-related dementia
prolly after this series
Another day another dollar
Food Truck Stops: October 19
John Elway just proved he can be an #NFL exec and knows what it takes to win a SB. He ignored "Tebowmania" and the fans uneducated opinion.
nice egg picture. its hot
as long as gabbert and locker are starting qb's in your division...colts gauranteed at least 2 wins.
Join Our Face Book Page To Get Updates and Specials.......... www.KingOfFitteds.com
God blake Griffen. Somehow I think your hot
I try to think in terms of breaking my own stuff into smaller tasks. But bigger-picture thinking feels harder to do...
That's probably what I would do if I were you. And no way! Add me, I have one. :o
We just nosy righty???
u need to become famous and do something bout it if u rly wanna give the message out there
Has anyone sang "Make You Feel My Love" Adele version yet? I believe you can do a beautiful rendition of this song.
“: If John Beck is even half the man Grossman is, he's still going to throw way too many interceptions.”
Omg! love !! so happy right now!:)
Best Buy unable to fulfill some holiday orders. Have you had an issue? Pls email .
that was beautiful. thank you. I wish I could follow you x2.
don't text your girlfriend your breaking up with her guy....it's a douche move
scrapple is not just for old people, ya know!?!? *<||;-)
I'm in! And kitty is fed which is of course most important thing.
I love Everything Is Sound<3
biotch..... I have a bruise from yesterday!! Thanks a lot... haha >:I
Please follow and we follow 100% back :) Love u all :**
It's been a while but Roman Polanski is back. Somebody's 'bout to get diamondize.
i wish it was spring already.,..four more weeks until my sixteenth birthday:)
Trying to live the questions.
starting oxyelite pro tomorrow =]
ain't you a sweetie?!? :) BBN loves you and feels blessed by the choice you made too!
Brewing beer, drinking beer & eating food on a patio on a gorgeous night. Amazing.
At least they haven't changed the Lombardi trophy.
Good Morning everyone and Happy Sunday ;)
So I'll have the text completed in 4 weeks :)
we never gave up n never will. will always be n our hearts. U made it to our soul. Always a bh 4 life! Got it? Loveu
House of Pain private show !
Great midnight screening of ID4 (or, as I am now calling it, "John Casey: Alien Fighter)
I promise I got a couple
Thank you!!!
What would you do if you ran into carrying a suitcase full of mac & cheese?
Glisten/Listen
I'm only happy when it rains.
Hi all, Nate here, your friendly Health IT geek! Excited to see at the helm tonight!
Chiharu Shiota creates some of the most heavenly installation art of our time.
What a a great birthday present from
With our UPass special, even starving students can eat! Just $5.95 for a one topping pizza and 16 oz drink w/your UPass.
Hello need too win . Mitt
oh ok
Will be thinking DaDaism. You know you want to as well.
Rob Gronkowski...is this really news....no but neither is 90% of the crap the media puts in our face daily
thanks for the follow! great store
I would!! but im on following limit. as soon as i get off i will follow you :) xox
Know of anyone in the Charlotte area looking for a relaxed work environment? We're now hiring Sales Representatives and Software developers.
#legalmarketing tip for the day: When sending an invitation to someone to "link in" with you, CUSTOMIZE it. Remind them how they know you.
Owning a vehicle is not just a + its a must
not u, Nic - 100 percent terrible ref calls.
Just to clarify, that price is after tax AND delivery fee!
hey dude really? I did not know ur friends harassed? I have the right 2 share my opinions just like you do.
thank u! ...And thanks for the follow back.:)
Oh I figured lmao.. but yeahh I work at Golden Coral now -_- I hate that shit already but I need that Money lol
Will this rain ever stop??? At least make it cold enough to snow! I need to shred
Incidentally, my #followback is 100% & have even earned the #instantfollowbackgradea stamp from instantfollowback.com :) :)
On the set as a stand-in. Very interesting. Can't wait to be the one actually playing a role! But I'm grateful for the job!
Remind Arian and his cool hat that Sizzle, Ray and company are ready to hold him to 47 yards rushing Sunday!
#Media event with TODAY 11am here at Rady 3020 Children's Way: how to prevent
#WeWontWork if you cheat & lie
what do you think of "core" games on the iOS? I think the iOS already has its version of core
Prayers & condolences to the family of one of the 's greatest linebackers to ever play the game.. #JuniorSeau .... R.I.P.
In first block, priscilla's making me a fishtail braid :3
Going to sandfest in the killer oregon dunes
way too nervous to even talk to hm
Having sweet yea out of a mason jar and playing The Sims 2. Awesome. :)
RT #GP4 IS COMING UP!!!!!! AH 12.3.2011 THEM #EVIL WITH THE END OF THE YEAR PARTY!!!
Hehe! Wonder what the money on Capello taking over at Liverpool is? ;-)
Just smashed a dance team comp. studio team > school team.
...and pistols pounded flat to avoid the probing finger of prurient ballistic experts.
#FF to support a wonderful and worthwhile cause-pairing service dogs with military veterans.
SFers: #jazz tonight at Pier 23 on the bay with me, Ollie Dudek on bass & Bryan Bowman on drums, 6-9. Will my chops hold up? COME FIND OUT!
are AWESOME! Nuf said
I think I wanna go bak natural
When my boyfriend let's me jam to 1D in his car>>>>>
I should have learned spanish...
Home finally amazing
Get into it Las Vegas. RT come on down to tonight.@ 9pm for
Hehe, great minds think alike! :D
You definitely need to go to next year it was a blast, you can always catch a mini maker faire!!
Terrific visits through Crittenden and Caldwell counties...big crowd for lunch at the home of great friends Judge and Mrs Tommy Chandler.
Midlakes Basketball: Double sessions ended tonight. Incredible intensity in the gym for 3 days...it's what we expect.
Wish I were there. If we can help any of your projects, in any way, let us know.
why the hell did Moreno celebrate? It's like the buffs rushing the field. Think Dan hawk and mcd r buddies?
Just read lines for & won't be quitting my job as a writer any time soon. I'm leaving the acting to you.
you are so beautiful and I am and always will be a fan of yours!! :D <3
bummer.... Let me know what you think, did you know the lighter the roast the stronger the coffee
My car is in the shop - time for a timing belt and water pump replacement. I knew about this & saved up for it. Hope they get done today.
Lol someone hit the electric pole right in front of my subdivision... Half of O'fallon has no power... At least its not my side.
Just discovered a new app (for all smartphones) called 'Whatsapp' for FREE SMS texting anywhere in the world! Cost $0.99 only! Check it out.
Food picture posting marathon!
Come visit our Umami booth on Sunday 11am-7pm at the Willy Street Fair! We'll have pork buns and dumplings. Pls RT!
congrats to Ben , in mere minutes slated to become Dr. Ben. Off to the post-defense reception momentarily!
Wealth is finding love in yourself... finding an unlimited amount of divine energy at the core of your being & sharing it w/EVERYONE
watch after credits on iron man and Capt amer
Jeopardy is the only thing on :(
vally or city side
A very successful day of skiing
Brother & I are comparing "the worst functional spec I ever got from a client" before Passover dinner.
Dodgeball game tonight with the #DodgeballWives with their #rainbow colors!
no I'm not your cuz'n
it's very nice out.
The lunch specials at Thai Cuisine II are unreal.
my aunt will tear down the house if kentucky wins, sucks bein surrounded by ky fans. haha.
Was because his coach said he would give him a chance and back him for one more season.
so did her fat thighs and tramp stamp
I love a hand that meets my own with a grasp that causes some sensation--F.S. Osgood
So I am supposed to have a meeting with a music producer and then my phone wont turn on smh, this is ridic!
Wana club tonight ..
Not a fan of google when they remove the search bar at the bottom of the page of results and only have it at the top
#GOKINGSGO Absolutely love watching and rooting for LA at a sports bar with This team is taking the #NHL by storm!!
Watching #Chopped, one Chef's take on the 4 mystery ingredients: "My strategy is to just start cooking all 4 things." That took some guts.
My 16th birthday has always been something I dreamed about...
he break the news to the team yet?
i lie awake just to convince myself this wasnt just a dream
#WhenItGetsAwkward and you pull out your phone lmao
he did wat
Ty for the s/o's Vlad! TGIF, and cheers.:)
Sketching my country girl anime[tion] x)
Great #NCSL conference with #umwleads..now back to reality. And 3 exams.
Space tonight with
Is it terrible that I'm 30 and I still look at some people and think,"I wanna shake the shit outta you, betch!"??? Gah! Phony hoes...
clearly southwest Chuy texted me from a plane to complain about leg room. How close can those seats be? He doesn't need much
Big diamond theft ring busted.. find out what brought down the crooks' house of cards in about 4 minutes. KGW!!!
So of #Ravens reach Super Bowl, it'll be Harbaugh Bowl or SB XXXV rematch. Cool but big if.
I live next to the mall
Kia glue cake swag
Good Morning
Four Seasons Resort Vail announces new team members
You can"t be a #basicbitch or a #bitterbitch following or because yo feelings well get hurt daily
Good day with my wife so far life groups start soon
Chill mode the day is going by rather smooth I must say
Start the school year out on a good foot- treat your tots to some new kicks courtesy of JeanTherapy kids!
You are not alone cousin. I also do not know what an Oxford comma is.
OMG they're in love OF COURSE
Metta world peace is crazy ass hell
Do you know what happened when abortion was illegalized people performed illegal abortions w/ no medical degree lots died
wow just found out that a human&beast where kissing each other...do they know that beastiality is wrong
i would but i dont know where any r:)
can you open a feedback thread so we can follow up?
Watching Polar Express with the wife and kidlets. Fun movie, but the faces of the chracters creep me out.
Superman, do you really even exist?
Firehook Bakery & Coffee House has the best coffee in the Farragut Square area!
Thanks for the follow ! Great game today.
All dressed! Heading over 2 Sundance 4 the big premiere of the film PRICE CHECK. Looking forward to hanging out w/
": hope you ready boo"u know I am :)
I hav literally watched my life flash before my eyes 3 times today 8/ I think I just made a record
Thanks much for the follow, Tammy.
i just like to know what im capable of. and if its something im proud of, yep, im human, i want to tell the world! : )
Sutton: still hard for society publishers to move to OA because so much of income tied to subscriptions.
My birthday is in 10 days and it would be the best birthday of my life if u would follow me :) I would never forget it
#DYK? TGI delivers creative #integratedmarketing support services to #Fortune500 leaders using print media & latest multimedia technologies.
I don't think it's funny :B
That boi is HELLA lyrical.. He be spittin some deep a** metaphors that a average minded person would never get! Realtalk!
Romans 4:8 KJV Blessed is the man to whom the Lord will not impute sin.
Please let me know your thoughts on the DAM_SCOUT app. It's an on-going project so opportunity to improve.
is Delicious your social bookmarking site of preference, if not, what is? and does it replace all your local bookmarks?
I want to travel somewhere during the summer.
The Dr. Oz show always seems like an infomercial… anyone else think the same??
Working with kids is rough man... I'm patient but not very entertaining.
Peanut butter and jelly swirled in one jar was a phenomenal idea. I dedicate this status to the individual behind that initial movement.
I know we don't really talk, but I hope you're okay. I'm sorry you went through that. :(
Dr's appointment in a week. Pretty much just have to drive over there to be sent for an MRI to see if I have a ruptured disk
nite!! :) sweet dreams!!
Take a look around. Tears from they eyes, knees on the ground. Money in the sky, take a look around.
We love CXWORX too! Definitely a good all-over toning class. No doubt you will look great for your wedding!
www.inventorymagazine.com - A Curation of Ideas in Product, Craft & Culture ... beautiful!
Not the first time, won't be the last.
I start (and end) each day telling Jesus how much I love Him, and reflecting on how much He loves me. Makes the day so much more meaningful.
RT : Be sure to
I'm a personal trainer & engineer! I'm what ever I want to be due to the sciences, especially math and physics! Go boy!
Be still my heart: Maybe, just maybe, my wife & I will actually have a mini-date tonight, away from the homestead and yung'un. WOOT
#Walker city racist, left it deeper in debt, now paying more interest | Best cared for #MKE,:by Barrett | Recall
what means ultimate? there is no one win them all thing, social media should be used together with traditional marketing
#Dodgers take the lead 2-1 over the #brewers in the top of the 5th.
can you try logging in now please?
sucks so bad! Hate that! Sorry you are dealing with that :-)
Time to stock up on promo materials. About to go on a binge... at least most of its free! (except s&h)
New Beth Moore series I am listening to, the passion and love she has, is amazing. My is is part of my was, AMEN!!
i do my speech on school about you.. I can tell my classmates how you RT me!! Please! You do my speech and me a favor
Erase it! Gotta move on!
Slowly but surely getting pissed the fuck off
Chanting "you can't beat us" at the Ed of a game isn't good enough. Grow a pair and chant it at the start of games.
The Big House cuz a dose of reality once and awhile never hurt anyone
No, I was there around 5. But most chefs didn't have food ready then.
we have to label the weird things you boys do, to make gossiping easier. duh
Finna go home and eat , Shoot !
trying to figure out skype or whatever the f its called
You free for a news interview now?
LOL it must be a Mediterranéeeen thing
RT : Name that tune: "Like a phoenix baby I'll survive & blaze the sky now that you're out of my life" <-takn a guess: moving on?
They’ll probably never do business with you, and they won’t refer you any new clients or customers
Signs you are a #theaterperson: feeling inordinately excited about prospect of seeing a 3:45 production of an 80 year old play.
motherhood is a primal experience, isn't it? More love than u could have ever imagined. Congratulations! Expecting, myself!
boo! Missed this. Did you get chicken & waffles? We're they everything you've ever dreamed of?
Aw damn, Frank Ocean>>>
where can I find more info about this? As a pet mom, I think this idea has a lot of potential
They took the scaffolding down on our corner and now we've lost our visual landmark for the turn onto our street.
Katniss Everdeen's Leather Hunting Boots Can Now Be Yours! - Ology
Hey go follow she follow back,!
Production meeting over, editors marching away to plan for next week. Designers still plugging away. Pages by 9pm? We can hope.
Happy Birthday to owner Pierto! Can’t wait to celebrate it at the after party for our show Tomorrow!
Yeah Pierce is in bad shape. That 3 he hit was a miracle.
You know it. Well, what better place than Chicago?
You're in LA? I'm coming down there soon! Ah!! So exciting!
Soo freaking sleepy. I had a good day yesterday.
and Nneka tomorrow!
Join the Portland #PDX Social Network and Share Events at www.Facebook.com/ThingsToDoinPortland - Your place to promote local events!
is kicking off #nutrition week w/ friends. Follow #5thbday conversation to learn how solving hunger begins w/ nutrition.
This new album from is going to blow everyone's mind. It's so refreshing to hear a voice like his over a beat so perfect.
ps: bring a pillow. (:
RT : "Why do you stay in prison when the door is so wide open?" ~Rumi
that's pretty funny. Good riddance
I got u, now following
But, how do you measure? Examples. : There is a lot we can measure.
“: #EveryoneHasThat1Friend that can make you smile regardless of how bad you may be feeling.” u guys :)
Honor someone today who has impacted your life. A phone call, personal card, lunch...it doesn't how you do it as much as you doing it.
Working hard on tunes to be sure you are workin' it on the dance floor. Thank you so much for your support :-)
now im in Geomerty again lol but im a TA so i get to nothing AGAIN!
Yikes! Well all you can do is have that confidence and move onto the next!
I waited on the bourbon and eggnog cafe but I am having me some tonight. Hope you are well I miss talking to you on Twitter
Thank you for being an inspiration!!!
Sweet! Well hopefully I'll be around :)
Their Is A Difference Between A Break And A Break Up.
Uh-o, the suns about to come up. Like James Brown says, "I can't do no mo', I can't go on." - Back to my coffin.
I burned myself on the neck by the curling iron & now it's pinkish purple and my mom thought it was a hickey and she got mad…
In teaching you cannot see the fruit of a day's work. It is invisible and remains so, maybe for twenty years. ~Jacques Barzun
Lets get it started!
practiced those DLC songs like Milkshake?! Now that's dedication!
The awkward moment when the GPS tells a gay guy to go straight.
Is it me or Is it weird to post a pic of your kid at the dentist, mouth wide open in the chair. How about a little privacy for your child.
She's in the trunk of my old car, where nobody will hear her assault on music again.
usually just a normal day for me :-)
Ran into a former colleague at a client's daily stand-up. What a small #agile world!
Agreed. Beastie Boys were one of the few urban acts, black or white, to stay true to the hip hop style of rap.
This is gunna be a bullshit free summer
Damn its like if you have a shitty life, you wake up every morning and its still shitty! take me back to the good life!!
Finna smash a couple pancakes tho.
"The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible." Arthur C. Clarke
OH YEEESSSS MY BBY FAVORITED MY TWEET. THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU'RE HOT <U+263A>
“: Females are the most sneakiest unloyal creatures on planet earth !” lmao and nikkas ain't shit
3 hours until I'm inducted into . I've always had a Groucho Marx approach to groups, but an "Honor Society"? I feel so smart.
LOL Just impressed that you have literate children. So many WBC seem to have spelling and grammar issues...
#NowWithAlex would only finish selling America off as he did with Co., he overtook!
Anyone know how Atlanta got in the playoffs? What a joke lol
HDR camera app does that
I will retweet your tweet if you retweet one of mine!
RT : Thanksgiving fun: send a vegetarian to do the pickup at the honey-baked ham shop. Then ask what it smelled like.
Qaddafi was killed by a predator missle. Having played MW2 and targeted by every one of those an opponent ever launched, I feel his pain.
And they pick a terrible 28 yr old QB at that...
Wild N Out could never get old
no prob glad it was of use
Work hard, dont stop, think about it, just keep doin what you do best....
"No more country concert, lets go to space instead," need food asap
that's the attitude I like to say this but I feel I will someday ...<U+2665> C:
I feel like a clandestine country girl when hosted at fancy restaurants.:)
lol I saw you in that Miller Commercial. I'm like "Whoah... Is that.. Holy fuck that's Jason." 'Grats on teh fame. -Ward
Feature story: Assembling art
it's all about Nightwolf with that alternate costume RT liu kang's fucking fight sounds piss me off.
what up
This is a future model of democracy tilting its laws and policies towards conspicuous consumption without challenge.
Ignorance is NOT bliss. Learn more about the signs of child abuse and neglect so you can help proactively report it
Throwing money in the air like I don't really care... yeah, standing on the chair like I don't really care
Thanks for the reminder! Just uploaded to our ChoirPlace profile!
word of the day: milksop
happy birthday! &I just got doctor stalker and yes I can as ringtones on my phone! I am just saying (: haha
Thx! RT : Mentioned your series in a post on voice in fiction. Hannah's voice is completely her own!...
feeling a lot better emotionally and cognitively after a good long run
Pokemon Black is super fun!!!!
Be sure to come out and check us out at booth 1013 at the tomorrow! We will be showing some demos and giving away a free iPad!
Sigh of relief at seeing my grades...my attendance has been spotty so I was worried. Not the absolute best but not flunking or making Ds.
the small group case discussion sessions are starting now. everyone is a little nervous because this is a tough group to work with.
I love u darling:-)
i have three separate to do lists on my desk right now, and nothing overlaps on any of them. one is even titled "life to dos."
good news! There will be an even number of students for paired programming as I am also sick today :/
I think there's a recruit who is deciding between WI and ISU. If Uthoff goes to ISU, the recruit might too.
in every direction there's smoke, and you're speaking of homes
get them good tonight. Kill the dirty birds
It's SO cold <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
Sounds like fun times!!!
I miss ya Mama Bear! I need my bestie! Hope to come up soon.
thnks x the follow
Taking a break at work, what's good twitted?
See the TGA Program for kids or loved ones that are traveling any where in the World.
Can't wait to get home
I remember I always took snacks to school, that's why I had big purses:p
You were a child rapper?
I cannot for the life of me comprehend why men have more advice for girls/women than for boys/men. Direct your traffic, stay out of our lane
you will never be "former" anchor as far as I'm concerned. Wait... that sounds weird. Uh... Want to play golf soon?
yeah... it was lots of fun despite the studying :-)
heimlich maneuver to purple men
Glad can remind me why I never fly them anymore
Feeling well rested this morning. Nice to have a night off to stay at home.
A real relationship has: fights, trust, faith, tears, pain, argument, patience, secrets, jealousy, and love
wow are you serious ? thats crazy
I dislike cats .
Thanks for the follow!
how many of my seattle peeps like the music of Rush? They're playing the Key Arena in November. interested?
austin gettin sexier? i dont think it is possible he's already unbelievably sexy i think id die if he got sexier
are u sure he doesnt..?
Never Hire a Social Media “Expert” Expecting Results Normally, I cruise around to links my friends share with me and various topics spark a
sand island beach park
Feel... do not fight the
Now I want beer & pretzels. Got so distracted I didn't even finish reading your tweet.
god bles me man
I thank you for sharing the list of geek gifts. My wallet does not. bit.ly/tZhsib
I haven't. I didn't know one existed. I will check that out! Thanks.
FBCD breakout alert!!! Green days till at least the end of the month!!! GLTA FBCD!!!
up at oakbrook park in menomonee falls
Indeed, those are two things I am always ready for. Giddy up!
Ditto. RT : Good morning Coffee. I love you.
no one said you weren't supposed to.
I'd love to find a job via How cool? No cover letters/resume. Just "Hey... We're looking for an online marketer. Interested?"
love her
RT": With courage greater than your fear, jump into the unknown and you will fly. -Cyndy Brown #inspirational #SWAGG"
I get home from work and my daddy said it must've got hot today cause you smell almost like your brother. In others words: you stink.
i'm so done with boys from my school, my boyfriends are , and <3
is watching High School Musical in class. No, not kidding. Let's not tell mommy this is what her 15k a year is paying for.
that scarf is pretty bad-ass!
Digital publishing will use data not only to drive engagement but also to determine what content to publish - The future of 2.0 data.
We can send it to you in the UK via amazon. Email your addy 2 . We'll see how much shipping will be for you.
I met BBop on Craigslist.
I'm super tired, I am going to sleep.
#sheaintwifeymaterial if she aint keeping her foot game right this summer...looking like she be laying bricks with her feet
sent you a reply on FB. Please just respond on there. Thanks.
Ringz.TV Users: Are you downloading either Viddy or Socialcam?
Especially, do not eat a drippy cone when you are driving a stickshift.
RT : dibs in 6 months!/you got it
Explain why
900 an day light this sucks
'expediate' -- to travel or to make a process easier? (#PBSnewshour #newwords #bloopers)
gracias mi google translate haha. Pinto is an icon in the old school music scene in Boise. He was more famous in Europe!
GREY'S TIME!:D
#KTF! Happy Friday!!!
everytime i hear Boyfriend on the radio I get hyper as fuck lol cant wait for the video. i love u
California is a fine place to live - if you happen to be an orange.
Phillip Phillips is phenomenal!
omg how you know ?D:
as much as possible - it's hard but worth the trouble. I didn't try har enough in Minneapolis - feel like i need 2 return
good morning
Good job, Philly!
Bye Bye Now is a nice short juxtaposition to #connectedthefilm don't pass if up if you have a chance at one of the festivals
It's a beautiful day for a blow-job
$15M wa, Negative ads wa, $15M wa, Est.$wa, Romney's mean wa, $15M wa... $15M wa #Newt strategy
#sea If you had your own talk show, who would your first three guests be?
If your favorite music celebrity suddenly shows up on the red carpet in a see-thru dress, chances are, record sells are low.
Can't wait for BC Hockey next year
meeh!(: do you?
foster the people...they have that one song, pumped up kicks...might recognize it if you heard it
Btw I haven't been able to say it yet, but HAPPY...late...BIRTHDAY !!!
RT : Crepes w/ fresh strawberries. (Crepes- Water, egg, flour, sugar. Sliced berries w/ some sugar.) #mothersday!
I wimped out and didn't make the deviled eggs to take to dinner later. Now I regret it. Hungry.
Superbowl time is happy time! I've always loved football parties!
What does it say along the top?
is wondering if she and El caught the same cold.
I CANT WAIT FOR THE VMA'S.... LOL.
If I seize control of the LA FWY, I can force every head of state to surrender.
Happy Monday! Looking for something good for lunch? Try our Mongolian Beef for $8.50!
Making the turn at +1. Haven't practiced but for playing a few times this year.
Just finished a documentary on a tribe called quest. Not really sure how I feel about.
When is Say Somethin going to be on Itunes????(:
Wouldn't it be cool for the #Bills to get Jeffery so he could go up against Gilmore in practice?
text me, yeah bro?
Checking out FC Dallas tomorrow night in Frisco. Should be a great match against New England
Whips+chains=slavery... Whips+chains+MONEY=free
Thrilled to have Winestyles Montclair as a company team in the Race for Hope DC! Thanks for your support.
thanks ! I appreciate it
#orphans8 Interesting how both the Philly film collective + the LA Rebellion filmmakers understood films they made in opposition to H'wood
enjoy! We LOVE rock climbing!
On any other day I would complain about loud construction. Today I wonder if there's a march going by.
TOMORROW: Butterscotch Baby will b vending @ Milwaukee Public Market 10-3pm located on the second floor atrium.
Oh vomit drafts, such a nasty aftertaste until you clean up.
Most things got said. A personal beef: moderates self-congratulating themselves in general (not NF or re NF). [+]
let's show dallas the only Football played in Texas is Cowboys
-Focus on approach goals. Avoidance goals are too negative, makes teams play
Niall would never date me... D: 'Cause I don't like fried chicken...
anytime! Have a great day ;)
Thank you!
OG Just Called Me.!
FAIL = (F)irst (A)ttempt (I)n (L)earning
Last Laptop Repair in #Pittsburgh: Replace entire HP Pavilion DV9000 LCD Assembly and hinges, Plus Wipe computer of Viruses and Malware
It's ok to #wakeandbake if I do the dirty breakfast dishes after.
thank you #Pandora for knowing exactly what to say when...
that's fun what did you eat? Lol
for sure man ill def check em out
the password used to be gator68 but now its change and i have no fucking clue what it is god danm parents
once the story took root in my mind I never really noticed the 3D anymore either...
This #supermoon is overrated.
how you can wake up so quickly? omg :O
:) RT : #ff Some great live music supporters
This Orange Juice Taste Like Ew Somethin' That's Not Orange Juice
The truck will be Fri & Sat for the challenge weekend activities. Swing by & support
yuck none by me...even on Cinco De Mayo no me gusta Guacamole.... lol
hockey season. go
Great season man! I just got a signed jersey of urs from a friend & it made me think, could I possibly send u an 8x10 and...
Its friday! Holy shit... :D
Damn, thats real
Unreal show
Awesome #Bulls game!!! Congrats to #JohnLucas the MVP.
oh did you just woke up or something?
;; I'm being attacked by a maltese !
You mean that there were "Nonconformist" in Wales...can't imagine that.
let's do #herbivore. If anyone knows dietary restrictions, it's me. I've been wanting to try
you were a beautiful zombie! Think I'm gonna zombie next year.
BTW finally jumped on echofon, too many glitches in the official twitter app -_-
s'ok ... glad you met so many people ... I'll check in with them
Good grief
Need a little pep before the big game? Why not stop by Mocha's and gear up with our Cookies & Cream Blast?
oh I like yo
I'm seeing pictures of the new Man Utd jerseys on my TL . Has someone from The Bay City Rollers designed these ? #TartanReally?
Im working a double tomorrow.. Kinda forgot how it feels to work one.. But i know my check is fina catch that BANK :-P
Exploring the natural mystics for the sequel, "Cherry Gardens."
come over tomorrow dude
Still 1 - 0? I had tickets but we didn't go.
I love reading everyone's tweets/statuses about prom! I hope everyone likes what we did this year!
If you are an artist and for a place to record StarBoy is where it's at.
One should ideally visit their ophthalmologist once a year, but if there is a problem with your eyes, visit sooner!
glad to help lead discussion on Gallaudet student involvement in Ward 5 community.
I'm psyched! Pull off the upset, Green Bay!
So now that the three day weekend is over, what's the #LTDArmy up to the rest of the week?
Is a sock-making machine! Two pair knit in a month & I'm halfway through sock 1 of another pair!
glad you are making money its all about information and you know the Vault on information I have #MLB #NBA tonight
On a more entertaining note I wish I could let this stripper know how dumb she is but she's feelin the homie. Smh
Publish your Mags,Catalogs and ,Brochures on iPad,get your iPad app done - let us know at
Where's the poor people section in whole foods?
I'm tired of giving S/O's but if u follow me I will list u
The sea, and the frsh air are a healthy combination. Do you also practice healthy eating. I love green tea. Do you drink it?
About to go head out & go promote
Back in the saddle again...
Manchester United News: Gary Neville praises Hodgson&#39;s ...
yep you can still get general, pref is sold out.
RT Love is a promise, love is a souvenir, once given never forgotten, never let it disappear. John Lennon
ha how fun would that be!!? Hopefully soon :)
#3WordsForYou I trust Jesus
Enjoy the harbor cruise, BU seniors!
I can't sleep, because it's too hot. But I have to have my blankets.
That Q is very relevant to a lot of news stories out there today. What are your thoughts?
Writing may be some sort of weird offshoot of Stockholm syndrome.
Somebody txt me im bored is fu..
If interested (www.orbooks.com/our-books/wikileaks) send auditions to MUST HAVE AUDIOBOOK NARRATION EXPERIENCE!
Happy Monday ppl. Ima start this week of right.....
RT : #ISTE12 Accept/Regret notices are going out for the ISTE2012 conference today!
RT : Big meeting/audition this week? Plan something fun for right afterwards. It'll bring life and perspective to the meeting.
Today's special is Elvis Pancakes! Try something new-peanut butter, banana, and bacon. So bad, but so so good, just like the King!
Man we might've just found a dream apt
my tennis coach decided to run the kids clinic from 12-3 because she thought it would be too cold in the morning :O I'm gonna melt
Thx! Hopefully we just won't need it :)
I love you too babe ;)
A.05 I think I just got a shoutout from dj Craig Saper
yes! I am going to tweet the newsletter. I think that is the best way to explain it.
Girls that curl there hair ^__^
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
- Loved the #CoachellaLive feed of the James show. Still got it.
What happened to our D? #Heat need to stop playing and get some energy while defending
Band practice today w/new guitar player and drummer.
Been writing tons of new songs too :)
Great to hear you say that! Will you be at ICDC again?
Life is a trip.
Time cannot take, the faith that I will keep
We love more followers!
Something came up. I have a teleconference this evening with co-workers in India about a server move. I catch you another time.
You know it. It's the closest thing to a vacation I might have all summer.
Mad respect and His towel, but damn I hope the niners bring down my doppelgänger and steely mates.
What about Lola
thank you for following me and can u please RT #RN20 its for my bestfriend who took his own life please it would mean alot
All i want to do is meet the lawrence arms...
doing good 14. How about you?
Then embrace the change Darling Clark! Each turn, each bump only makes us stronger! And you www.clarkcoffey.com are amazing!
Robert K. Krick's nominee for #POTY1862... Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson. Tune in to C-SPAN3 right now to hear his lecture.
you getting your skank squad together today?
you went into my classroom today in 4th period, and I wave Hi and you didn't see me ):
Apparently I ask too much of somebody who ain't ever here.
Screening Zombie Rocker @ The Saturday Nightmares Expo NJ today!
I'm jealous!
You don't dance to real hip hop..no snappin...no crankin....just head noddin till your neck hurts!
it's not crazy that she could be preggers,Get your foot out your mouth ,lol
LOTR return of the king extended
we'd love to talk to you about teachers using Snip.it to create a student-centered learning community.
you guys need to get the smokin hot April Macie to the Ville!
Pitching matchup at Flour Bluff is Lucas Humpal for Bluff and Zach Cruz for PL Calhoun. Ross Carter is in at 3B for Bluff, hitting 3rd.
known him since 8th grade haha lord seems forever ago. small world keeps getting smaller I swear.
#milwaukee HAPPY HOLIDAYS- UNLIKE MOST STORES WE ARE CLOSED TOMORROW TO CELEBRATE&WE ARE PROUD OF IT! LIFE OUTSIDE OF WORK IS IMPORTANT!!!
HD adoption by Hispanic TV-networks is much lower than the average across all TV networks: 36% vs. 63%.
Q:i heard yall the whip cream in agusta are yall bringin sum to macon? A: no we dont do that no more i think lol.
The Breeders , Tom Tom Club
Father: Why did you put a toad in your sister's bed? Son: I couldn't find a spider.
Looks like were going to get home in time for super bowl half time.
“ Just saw Neil from all the "Neil's Finance Plaza" funny thing my dad coached his sons in wrestling. They went to my church 2
If uncertainty is unacceptable 2U, it turns into fear. If its perfectly acceptable, it turns in2 increased aliveness, alertness &creativity
Austin Rivers declared for #2012NBADraft #Blazers 10th pick? Maybe.
It's a beautiful day in Phoenix! Supposed to get up to 90 by Monday... About to go enjoy some Popeyes Chicken (and of course the biscuits)
it all started when i won a bag of candy today for selling ads... then it just went downhill
#LADYGAGA LOOK A MESS. N LL COOL J LOOK YOUNG
Jazz vs Cavs. What a game. That was a ridiculous ending
It's nothing like a good burger lol
Lol No problem! I started to ask Sean's middle name but I thought better of it... (It MUST be awful, Percy or sumthin)
Really want to go see the avengers
thought they were one in the same, non?
Join us this Friday evening at 6 p.m. for a short family performance by Eastman School of Music students followed by a Q&A session.
“Autumn arrives in early morning, but spring at the close of a winter day.” ~ Elizabeth Bowen
It's Thursday in Augusta.
At my first Dallas women in accounting event. Definitely a much different group than my political peeps.
Night everyone (:
But did he where a bowtie?
tonite's summer supper: grilled chix thighs with Mrs Dash Caribbean Citrus seasoning, grilled okra and cuke/tomato/pepper/chive salad. yum.
why the last day??? Also coming by OTR tonight?
Coming up right now, The Nun, with The Morning After Show, your little does of redemption! Helping you recover from your weekend, she...
Thank god for xanax or I'd be punching everyone out in this library
When MSW told fans JYD would need new way to feed his family, fans sent in thousands of $, mostly ones and fives
Nah. Lion's great. I was just grousing.
It’s never the platform, it’s always the message. -
Im @ my yob i cant wate for 7am i get off
Injury accident at College and Futrall. Traffic lights are down and there's a big backup.
Finished, long day! Laura Rossi was fabulous, really talented at comedy. keep an eye out for her...
Excited and enjoy your "stuff"! :-)
RT “Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep.” Scott Adams
syquest disc! wow. i think i still have one of those with my old band's first album artwork on it. in pagemaker, i think.
this is the part of me that you're never gonna ever take away from me...
I love starbucks c:
RT Trying to fight a cold, start a new diet and a new exercise program. I need extra energy
hey Qua haven't talked 2 u n a min, kiss my nephew 4 me :)
<3 thank you !!
Ask for referrals at every meeting & you will never be lacking for #sales, #customers & #references. #leadership SeanLetwat
We've just marked down most of our merchandise! Come check out the great deals on gift items!
Back onset, taping more scenes of "The Bedwarmer"! Great way to start a new month.
depends on co-worker. Usually I just read anyway and don't notice people around me.
Am goin to T.R.U N da fall
You may not always end up where you thought you were going, But you will always end up where you were meant to be.
Just purged my email from 65% full to 34% full.
i just passed by a street that is called ''GRANDVIEW''! :D
lol ya, just what I need another show to add to my list lol I have too many already, my DVR is full!! Lol
dad, what are you doing? IT'S SHARK WEEK.
Stock market earnings this coming week: Adobe (ADBE), Nike (NKE), Oracle (ORCL), KB Homes(KBH), Bed Bath Beyond (BY)...
I respect that dude with $100,000 putting it on Alpha. I'm not for Alpha even though that would make me wrong.
In fairness I am talking about the South Station T stop, which is indecipherable, not the train station itself.
I say " is the best BS-er ever" says "No, is the Philosophy major."
the image I just got in my head <<<< lol
#SomeoneIWantToMeet This crazy ass girl <3
Agreed. Shaq doesnt have much to offer, but #Hawks could use him at least to just move Horford to PF.
ikr! Its been way to long
God bless for another day! Motivated Mondays, let's get folks. S/O to all my followers new and old thank u so much for the support
Whoever is doing this spam shit needs their ASS BEATEN F OFF U TWIT!!!
yeah my bad forgot to mention you
I think she should run and let Mittens stay home with the kids.
Alright, time for more #CatchingFire. Gotta see how Katniss deals...
I going to DC for vacation so I will be using my Amex card out of state. Do I need to notify Amex so fraud is not suspect?
Installing a new 1tb HD in my MacBook to replace the old 80gb one. Stressful but hopefully totally worth it.
I usually have to wake up at like 6:30 for school but tonight i'm free and I'm gonna cuddle into my snuggie and relax!
"Jesus was a carpenter, Yeezy lay beats/Hova flow the Holy Ghost/ Get the hell up out ya seats"
still on tumblr and its almost 1am....
#NewportOR Tomorrow (Saturday) Night, party to the sounds of at The Hottest Club on the
I'm the same way, but I'm still hopeful....dammit. :)
Worst pain right now smh
Remember: The Gourmè Mist bottle is PET plastic, is 100% recyclable, and does NOT contain plasticizers that will affect the oil or vinegar.
I really like that, thanks for sharing.
thats' okay. I love all 3 of mine like ...amazing amounts....they are part of the family
Let's see how long I can procrastinate on homework until I get that "Oh, shit, I'm going to fail" moment.
together we will face the fear.
dr. wont clear me 4 surgery due to asthma and copd. so i c specialist in am to get test done to c if i can b cleared for surgery on tues.
To much of nothing is to much for me!
187 on an undercover cop
right....complaining gets you nowhere....it's 85 degrees in chicago and I just ran 3 miles!
just keep doing what you doing and bet ill be at every show. don't let the industry kill the music.
After the Twins or NKOTBBSB 508 has the hits and hotties!!! No cover. You deserve a drink!
One thing for sure two things for certain...I got booked with three bricks back home n*** working
ahh gotcha, misunderstood! Nevertheless always good connecting! :)
49ers D was clutch.
_~!!|- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Didn't sleep a wink last night.
Just listened to a great factual and true book on CD. Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter. Truly the father of the GOP.
I can't help if I'm cold and distant, my ancestors came from cold and distant places.
Great! Now everyone will want a pair.
them all I can prob find one online or
im not shore yet but im shore i can
ass ass ass ass ass ass, now make the muthfcka hammertime
thanks for the share!
This day <U+2260> my day.
& i like dave rice but i'm tired of the gimmicks in hoops, everywhere. play inside out basketball.64 points on 71 fgAs = unacceptable
Big double pla!
How would you feel if you were your customer?
Hope everyone had a great Easter. Hit us up on our Facebook and find out when we're play a show near YOU!! New dates up soon.
are there plans & code that would show me how to make a bGeigie? I live fairly close to San Onofre & would like to help.
Good luck in MSP Tori. Bring home some victories for us.
come to trine right now.
Guess I will hang out with my girls tonite
It a fool outside, and if its looking bad out there tommorrow, I think I might call for work, lol ( futurceo)
Thanks for following us!
I think I've figured out this #bliss thing that #hippies talk about: waking up totally not hungover after drinking all night. Am I right?
"Emotobooks" are NOT comics. They are written stories that use abstract art to show emotions for
Jesus, NO!
Off to work!
Today's my catch up on virtual school day, too, haha. :) Have fun studying!
Wish I was in Knoxville for tonight
If you're looking for North Parks best Raggae, it's happening tonight at
~9 out of 10 Hispanics have access to the Internet, when extended family, work, school and public places are included.
attacks on #ALEC are the free-market
Just talking to people :')
About time for Kyle Williams to go crawl in a hole?
Snagged a great spot at metro center 12th and G, it was a tight squeeze but we made it, so come get your tacos!!
Hector Enriquez (D-El Paso) vs Mary Gonzalez (D-Austin) for HD #75. If you want somebody working 4 El Paso as your state rep, vote Enriquez.
Enjoying the regional accent of Sir John Burn at
Just got booked for work in #LA #NYC #Chicago #DC #StLouis #Houston #Orlando and #ROC! -- Only way to describe that... #AnsweredPrayer :)
How can LePage tell the unemployed to get off the couch when he looks like he spends most of his waking hours on the couch eating Cheetos?
.. steve harvey sounds like mr. t !?!! lol .. o_O
sweet pic, bro.
From'97-'99. Still haven't visited the new library. Actually didn't know it was open. Have to see it next time I'm there...
We're so excited!!
How is your weekend going so far?
I got some much swag! Is that why you mad??? Lol
It better mean a good butt chewing by McCarthy.
I couldn't see but I'd rather have icy face than be very wet!
Meeting for some Pickles love. Wish you were here !
I love but can't stand her in Weeds
": The All-American Showcases will be one stop shopping fo quality availables!!
made it only intuition.
things you don't usually see at the library... a bird flying in the stacks and hopping around on the floor
Soup is such a quick and easy lunch, spice it up with some herbs and add some nutrients by throwing in fresh or frozen veggies!
"As a prisoner for the Lord, then, I urge you to live a life worthy of the calling you have received." - Ephesians 4:1
I would literally crap myself if or followed me. #dreambig and #neversaynever right? (:
woo. Aha. What ride are you on?
I love you all
Thanks for the RT. We're very excited about it.
We're writing about the city of Milwaukee's plans for the 30th St. Industrial Corridor this Sunday in our Crossroads section.
full band practice tonight.. can't wAit to play some shows!!
I'm sad
#Apple incentives deal back before Travis County Commissioners Court. Staff going over amended particulars now
I'm not glorifying my experiences, I'm just shedding light on the situation.(:
#BEATCANCER Justin Bieber!
Smartcars remind me of steve urkle
Work willingly at whatever you do, as though you were working for the Lord rather than for people Colossians 3:23,
A magician never tells their secrets...except to jugglers.
can't stop sleeping.
AND happy mother's day!
the worst is when you see a female wearing ed hardy.
dropped my lunch during last Wednesday prep. NEVER mess with an offensive man's hot pockets.
STARS N STRIPES ON THE WAY
Today is the big day: Balboa Idol & Festival of the Arts! It's gonna be fun!
Could be a guy thing, blame the refs!
in other news, apparently members of the wiggles look like the gym teacher from diary of a wimpy kid.
Expand. Fill us in.
#Romney to win #Wisconsin, Fox News projects
Have been eating like crazy, pizza is my new salad.
My stomach has been killing me for days and I can't afford to see a doctor.
I'd be scared of a bs heave to make it shooting foul
Yay! We'll be there shortly!
Staring at a dead body in a movie to see if you can catch them breathing.
is life saver. Just saying.
I SO need a dress that buttons down the front. Watching
The wife has pumpkin pie and whip topping in the fridge.... No chance it last til thanksgiving
Pets with long, floppy ears need regular ear cleaning. There's a great feel -good recipe for healthy ears at www.wholepetdiet.com
I was just at the one on San Marco in Jacksonville. Playing a bum for a film this afternoon.
Not so awesome at 16. :(
King Hippo reference by the Miz. Awesome
Brian Wilson's Act is elementary. You're a baseball player.. leave the ron burgandy and contrived absurdity to will farrell.
Snitches are bitches that end up in ditches.
Oh wow. That's crazy! Are you going to be getting paid double?
thank you for my Valentines day gift!
Everyone Love A Winner
if u haven't already responded say if someone asked u to sweetheart would u say yes?
you're cute.
Well... here's hoping I make it to class unscathed. Good luck out there, central Florida! Stay safe!
Thank you all for your prayers and support. Today was a good day despite the randomness the morphine causes - which at least makes us smile
RT : RT to #WIN a brand new rug from ! Winners are selected daily!
Thanks for the Larry how are you?
it was to good to be true :(
Its Maddieee (: Long time no talk
Dear potential scammers: pick a dumber target. I'm way too cynical to fall for your obviously fraudulent schemes.
#weneedacurefor the Lakers losing streak, turmoil in the middle east, and cancer (not necessarily in that order).
- I must have thought you offered former big league catcher Brian Harper
LOL, I love things that make me laugh - thank you for liking my backdrop! Ur so sweet!
Berrics need a video game!
nice. Congrats!
Fucking bitches left & right my dick is ambidexterous
Don't mess with me when I'm in this mood. Please don't. Unless you want your head ripped off
they are homosexual. except the fact.
So if Bama wins against LSU..r they national champs? They'd be 1-1 wit LSU and hav same record. + LSU won S.E.C title! Okst should b there
thanks for being such a great fan. We're going to keep on pushing so stay tuned. We're writing and recording now.
I would definitely recommend it. It's one of 's favorite books of all time.
I work till 8 on Thursday=(
first 48, 1st 48.. they be goin' ballistic in the white room
The Brewer room is coming along really well. Waiting for the yellow to dry before the second coat. Then my special twist
So took my dog to the vet and apparently she is stressed out and it's giving her stomach problems apparently that stress stuff is contagious
Hey #libchat, I'm Christina, high school noobrarian up in the Mitten (AKA Michigan).
I think Ricochet's eye contact just fell out.
I can't wait until you have a startup job and then stay in hotels that don't replenish the crack order form.
If you have a chicken who is into any kind of philosophy, most likely they're going to be an eggistentialist. -My husband
They got a whole lot to say but I don't listen
here's to the honey badger #7!
Hello, you two!
thanks for the follow... Site will be live soon... Looking or models!
Texting my ex's mom again.... i love her haha
So we have a new Friday special! Have you tried it yet!?
great steak & potato co. In terminal 4
Too bad God doesn't hate... God is Love.
Trainer “Sunny” Jim Fitzsimmons, also a Hall of Famer, holds the record for trainers with seven Wood Memorial winners
thanks so much!!! I love your avi too!!
haha yea i have no friends :(
It's almost time for the midnight celebration...come out to Irvin Mayfield's to celebrate with the Best Emerging Artists!!
Great to meet you, too! Thanks for such a lovely piece on
Like how do all you sober people do It? I hate boredom
yeah a REALLY long time ago but this was the FIRST time he noticed me(: he only followed me that day
"Some girls are just so approachable with arms wide open...others just glare"
You never have been able to make up your mind have you?
would that be happy cry i wouldnt want to make u sad
got picked up early today i seriously miss way too much school...
my house loves you too Melanie!!! And we admire your public profession of faith in God! Many blessings to you
obviously "morning". :)
it's awesome!
Benny!: Director Cameron Crowe has confirmed his upcoming Pearl Jam documentary will debut in September.”
Hosting a Lunch & Learn for Local Real Estate partner this morning at Geckos.
ppl w/ mental health issues are supposed to be safe in hospital.
As a first principle, all decided or strong odors are in bad taste. (1850)
I'm totally gonna call u outRT Best part of #ThrowbackWeekend. I know what u all look like and u have no idea what I look like
Of course the only dicks sporting goods close to me has to be in Wilton manors.
"No one has asked what will happen if we don't merge school systems and how it will impact children," said Tomeka Hart, MCS board member.
suits come with registration cost
me too
The only CATch is you have to show up in blue & gold and scream for 2 1/2 hours!
Mixed week so far. I had an article published in the ACTE Techniques magazine this month. I also had a proposal rejected for ACTE Vision.
#AskBieber best 3 minutes of my life, can you come to boston...........
Girls concert tonight. Good show and lots of plaid. Lots. Of. Plaid. Oh, hipsters. You're just too cute.
Why do sports analysts say, "That should not have been called in that situation..." ? Fouls and penalties don't have situational rule books.
Love the Call of Duty commercial. Talk about some star power. Geeks have truly taken over the world. Yay!
sorry...it was bath night with the Murphy kids. Did xtina pee in the tub?
restoring calm wouldn't have been necessary in 1st place if #Trayvon's civil rights had been heeded by both Zimmerman AND police
AT&T said I can get any phone I want for free!
By Pythagoras' Therom!
I heared the boys saw you yesterday. Sorry I wasn't there. hope u had fun though! ^_^
#monsterenergydrank , shower, and then test :)
The 99% Declaration Selects Votenet to Conduct Delegate Elections for Constitutional Convention 2.0 Event
If your telling me "She knows you better than anyone" Then what was I when we were friends?
shoots with PAUL MITCHELL tomorrow!!!
How did I end up at fright night?
Morning Tweets x
Have a great time Laura! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
People shouldn't use work Outlook for personal stuff. Someone has a "Hair Removal" appt tonight at 8pm. I don't even wanna know.
thanks for the love! :)
eff you youtube for blocking the last 2 parts of Taking 5!!!!!!
Don't fall for the violent people in the Seattle May Day protests. They are supposed to cause chaos. Only fight with love people!
Pour some sugar on me \m/
Oh, yeah, baby! Wouldn't miss it!!!
Now following
Lol.. He is such a fool
**the voice** "GUYYYZZ HUDDLE" huhuhuhuh i'm terrible.
Liking somebody is hard business! I am that person who is ready to get married after the first week of a crush.
Eat rolled oats for breakfast or add oat bran to your morning cereal as it fills you up and helps to prevent mid morning snacking.
In the midst of Volunteer Appreciation Week! There are simply not enough ways to say "thank you" to our incredible volunteers!!!!
Dammit McCarthy!! throw the red flag!!
my new research keyword is ecobiopsychosocial health
The Best Head Come From a Thug.
Taking flight
my friends back east told me to "eat shit" re: the strength of MWC after friday, so I'm done ranking conferences...
Katy Perry. Cookie monster. Camel Toe. Word...
i told her one day fuck how it taste i shoot it how it cum
congrats on his 1st pro goal
Tweetie was causing problems with multiple Twitter accounts - any suggestions?
Looking forward to watching! Best of luck from the team of Colin Mullan Racing.
could not sleep at all and now I'm awake at 6am. on the bright side..after numerous cups of coffee I can get a lot done today!
Please link to actual stories, not just the homepage.
Well I hope folks out there had a better Valentine's Day than I did. Ugh! Love is not in the air around here. The flu, yes. Love, no.
RT : Anyone using Rofo/Real Estate Pro for #LinkedIn (turnkey app for #CRE to market listings and showcase expertise)?
Drowsy Chaperone time!! First of 2 shows today
My wife gives me plenty of lotion. No Ashy Terry here.
u need a ride?
More people following me, means that I'm going global soon. Well peace <U+E011>
Last call.
I miscounted. We have an odd number of people this year--51. Dammit, I had it worked out so well, too.
yes, thankfully. Alot more energy than last night
Sure. and I will work on something.
lol hahaha i was like news flash guys his b-day was a while ago!:) lol
It's absolutely meddling with something that's already perfect. One of the few things I deplore your viewpoint on.
Thanks for following me :). I look forward to your updates!
In the studio shooting while listening to Diver Down.
i am good sir, just trying to get back into the bodyguard business. any advice. thanks
oh? the account was hacked after I sent that.
Good morning ~~~~~
RT The hardest thing about exercise is to start doing it. Once you get on a regular schedule, the hardest thing is to stop.
i love you too xD
#MMENIGHTS is coming to life more more as the summer gets close....Join us as we Shoot video for our Blog @ NOTTE this FRIDAY...
"I don't think they've given us too many problems, personally." Alright, LeChoke. Let's go. Bring it. GO #PACERS!
yes, next weekend!
followed!!! Thank you <U+2665>
Have to be up in #6hours #wideawake that's what I get for #napping all day!
Before I get drunk, naked, thrown in jail, and/or loose my damn phone... Happy New Year!!!!
all the way from Ontario? Wow! :) nice to connect!
is amazing<3
Mhm! David wants me to move to Cali. ;)
Lots of 3-putts, several F bombs, 2 lost balls, but no club throwing. Overall a great golf round and would be proud.
"The scent of flowers cannot travel against the wind, but the scent of good deeds travels in all directions." The
i remember i used to say "tho" then switched to "doe" now im back on "tho"
We heard crickets at the end of February here! But no lightning bugs yet... Wonder what part of the country calls them fireflies...
Getn dressed headn to see my babies
This will happen.
That's true. And that someone probably never will. It's not like I need the temptation, after all.
Where are you located? Also, can't DM you b/c you aren't following me ;)
I actually googled Slowbro tail. Make sure safe search is off.
WHERE THE FUCK IS MY FUXKIN BOWL IM SO FUCKIN HEATED RIGHT NOW
When it comes to money black folk seperate
Thanks so much for the follow! Matthew Ethan Davis, Writer In Residence, Ticket to Eternity Productions
thank you so much!!
#shoutout new followers
Thanks for following back! And thanks to all of our new followers!
#ff Great Mets fans & great New Yorkers:
Wow..whats next?!! Cyprus Drops Gambling Charges Against Grannies
gimme the info
So there is this dude in Ohio... He is awesome... Did I forget to mention he is now mine? Indeed. Back off, bitches. ;3 <3
nice INT!!! that makes 3 and counting!!
Would love to attend next year. Hope you have a great conference!
If you're nursing, you will generally get one volcanic poop diaper every day or two, the rest just wet.
Hope you brought a change of clothes, cause your eyes are about to piss tears.
wow. I love Martina and want to root for her, but she was terrible. and why would they make her dress like that?
Hell of a scrimmage! Defense won the battle. 5 out 6 drives stopped including a pick six. O moved the ball all night.
we're the lifee of the partyy, even though all our haters are showin' up.
I can't stop listening to "Just Another Birthday". UGH. So good.
postal museum after hours.. #partylikeamuseumnerd?
If he does not resign, the rc church will eventually implode, Irl is now a post rc society.
thanks and we are!!
tell me more about online business
you and me both. Hope things start happening soon for us both.
#edshow Just found ELIZABETH WARREN's Native-American name: She-who'll-give-us-free-things....
I wish a nigga wood like a tree n this bitch
thank you for the RT!
oh lawd! i was fina say!
Hey babe <U+2665>
Really dont feel like being here
no not really :) hbu?
Anybody have a good technique or method for saving CSS changes made in Firebug?
right on! When you coming home again? I believe me, you, and need to hang out!
Thank you for the shout-out!! :)
ha! I love it. Better reason than many I suppose!
I <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> my bestfriend she is the funniest person ever she really knows how to make me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> i<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>you Girly
damn! I love a good boo fay!!! ya heard?
I can give you my exwifes number as long as you don't mention my name lol.
R Kelly's "I believe I can fly" is the most obnoxious song. But "trapped in the closet" is the BEST movie EVER. :p
Did you know that a brewed cup of coffee is the most chemically complex beverage on earth?
Chris is editing the Movie Trailer for the Kickstarter Video
your one liners kill me
Stoked to see and our buddies at tonight!!
When two people care about each other, they'll always look for a way to be together
Fifth season of Fringe greenlit? NIIIIICCCCEEEE.
Love the dog vs. pool video!
Resigned as Treasurer of the Rochester ISSA - freeing up my Volunteer energies for new exciting causes and ideas! Look out!
Alex have you cried yet
First day back at work after vacation. 9:21am and already being bowled over by URGH.
La Gloria
Boo, you whore.
Understatement of the night...Sid to Flower when he was leaving the ice..."Nice Job.".
Keep the Vikings in Minnesota! Love is no fun without hate!
and no sugar, extra jetlag.
Listening to Philadelphia Sinfonia play Haydn 101. Really fine playing! I would have never guessed these are students.
Ha, just discovered your profile. Well done.
even more than criminal minds
That ishh was bananas RT came to Our photoset captures the sexy,sweaty party that transpired
Yes, this is a MUST win despite what some ppl say
Going to Seattle in a few weeks I found out....never been on the west coast....
i bet u were =p
My hands feel like death. And I'm sick of hearing "International Love" on the radio.
OMG! finally I'm ungrounded! Im so Happy!!! :D
Safari Cup Coffee will be there. Stand#90 with micro roasts & a Senga suprise from Ethiopia. See you there.
Hey there old buddy old pal!
come by the lab...dis beat crazy
txt me bro(: and u need a picture on this lol.. everyone follow him(:
send us a note at and we can def try to find a solution for you! :)
Put on a sweatshirt then remembered how much my ex used to hate it, still wearing it of course :3
If they have open house b4 school starts,take him to see his room & meet the teacher. Once he gets into the routine, he'll be fine.
#raw10 Ur Ghetto: if u get on Welfare 2 get a EBT card, go to a super market, hoping someone is buyin groceries w/Cash, so you can pay 4 it.
Thank you for donating to our Kickstarter campaign and helping to spread the word about #pyrotopia! And thanks to all who voted!
Good luck!! Huge 2 points today and Sunday vs Charlotte!
I've layered sweaters that don't match. It's okay. I'm a writer, I'm allowed to be eccentric.
hey nephew im still young...
Truly, but such a great contemplation to catapult yourself out of the minutiae....
so much laughter is had right now. Next time I drive to margate I'm coming to your liquor store to give you a high five
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing custom homes throughout San Antonio TX.
RT : When you go to the movies, put your phone on "Lebron Mode" ...no ring.
stir fry tofu and broc?
Madagascar 3? Yes, please! Looks hilarious.
Wow...Stunning! A great place to be.
Just accessed the most up to date airport information through flypittsburgh.mobi It's so great to know!
Thanks for sharing your feedback. We'll be following up to ensure that that's not happening!
you can hang out with me ):
great thanks
Albuquerque has a lot of great musicians! Don't let them hide! Support your local artists!
he is jealous partner !!
#Accountability & #Sustainability are important to Int'l #Development. Sustainability works in #Socent. What about Accountability?
My mother. MY mother does not want Chick-fil-A!!! I think the world is coming to an end. <U+E107>
Take a few minutes today to start thinking about filing your taxes...tax day is only a few weeks away!
I gues I thnk that pt advocacy is an essential part of a nurse's job
Great conditioning workout this am. Ran a total of 2400 yds, rowed 2500 meters, and did 300 double jumps with jump rope in intervals
if anyone actually shows up! Lots of no shows.
Thanks a bunch for coming to #orlando and joining us
You just suck , u don't know what u have .
poor lamb!
Defo click the follow button on this girl right here
Thanks, I won't be ordering from them!
Good to see local Angels and VCs investing in Pacific NW start ups!
After 8 mins of action, who had Hasheem Thabeet as the #Blazer to have their only 2 FG's?? Not this guy!
For you! Baby owls. In teacups. And between books. Enough said.
Mr President why is gas prices so high when oil by the barrel is now so low.
Re Mark Stone: "They say, I say" Model for Argumentation. I agree: essentially the model used by Thomas Aquinas
Yep! says many things but it does not demonstrate anything:)
Def. food, wine (heard mixed reviews of Mendoza), not huge hikers but love scenery. Thinking BA, Igazu and maybe 1 other area?
My baby just beat the new Zelda Skyward Sword game! He's so proud!! Haha!
u got fb ?
Art Project Saturday! With
That moment when you feel like you're surrounded by INCREDIBLY smart people and it makes you really grateful.
Its so obvious
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea
thank you!
oh well she just texted me it c: lol and told her i would tell you
Pics or it didn't happen.
no cameltoe workout outfits please kthnx
you're a bully! -__-
Can we all agree that when Rush Limbaugh dies, none of us will waste brain power trying to think up nice things to say about him?
boys will be boys! but atleast there being themselves! BE YOURSELF! dont try to be someone else!
yea they're sick 3-5's are my fav Jordans. Look on solecollector marketplace for those 3's
Illegal Tender is that movie! Its so Gangster tho....
okay, my head is spinning
Only 2 things make me hopeful for Sunday: 1.) The sharps are picking the Pats 2.) The Giants are acting like they already won
follow the real
putting together this master plan.
RT : “Anything one does every day is important and imposing and anywhere one lives is interesting and beautiful.” - Gertrude Stein
RT : More Top 40 Cos: Red Bag Solutions, Inc.
Blasting on the car on the way to softball practice then movies with bff Ciara!
I miss Saturday morning cartoons.
when a female thinks she's her dude's number one girl #LittleSheKnow he playing her like a fiddle!
I luv's me my fridays!!(beutiful weather don't hurt either) RT : Thanks for the RT Dave! Having a good Friday so far?
I'm baffled that people still make music videos. Wasn't that a thing of the 90's? Are they even still relevant anymore? Where have i been
I can get the black joints
Ain't got nothin' on me.
Follow Back Please..!
I don't know where I stand with you. And I don't know what I mean to you. All I know is every time I think of you, I want to be with you.
Cuz I'm not livetweeting from my old fashioned cell phone. Jeez.
Happy birthday kyle.:) loove you!!
This female is tripping
Do the right thing and don't censor the internet.
HOP (Hold on Player)!!!
and #FF marilyn for same reason ;-) #FF Lisa cause we are on the same page politically!!
Sorry to hear that, sending best wishes your way.
Can't wait! RT The field looks great and is ready. R u?
Dear apparently you have alot of admirers
god!! maybe ill be able to see you in the hallways next year.(:
“: #PubSub kinda Tuesday. where you at” I want it
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.
Help me kick start this website! The First 5 businesses that fill out this form will get 1yr advertising FREE! See following tweet for link
Had a WONDERFUL #WEDDING! My Bride is BEAUTIFUL!!!!
RT : Something's Wrong With This Picture - Feb 25 #Opening @ The City Market Gallery #DTLA #art (pic 5)
Boocoo thanks for the stellar tour preview! Hope to meet you at the shows.
Thanks for the mention!
Not really.
#pietruth RT If & put meat pies & birria together again & you miss it, it is your loss.
ii can't stop laughing at myself
thankyou! You're so sweet
up way too early on my day off..and w a stuffy nose. drinkin some tea, talkin to the bf, bout to get in the word, then go back to bed!!
You have to read the rest... BTW, just out of curiosity, how long did it take you to read it? ;o)
Look at it this way: You're a rookie. Your fumble was a fluke. Steve Smith is a veteran. His fumble was pure stupid.
allyouneedolga.webstore.com we area trending world wide click the link on my profile to find out why
? My 'nets weren't working right for a time there. Random internet wonkiness.
See you there! rt“: #CombatPaper workshop sat ”
Coaches are lookin good in the sneaks!
AUSTIN! How was your day?(:
When shaves, he just cuts ahole in which to sing through.
So American Idol is in Nashville today... Umm who's going with us???;)
Listening to at the Belmont. Great atmosphere, fabulous music. Good night in Dallas.
Brandon Jennings = All Star
my problem with reading Henry James, on the other hand, is that I want to take a nap after very sentence
ah school is so fun!
JUST FOLLOWED THANKS FOR THE
they used Eye tech VT2 device
#altac is most likely position for future of university; "non-fac" is most of work done at universities.
You ever have one of those lives?
I wish ur online! I kiss ur adorkable tweets! Hehe! So excited for ur live chat! Love u so much! Xo
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great. ~ Zig Ziglar ~
Country Southern Belle ... can't get much better than that
Shout Out 2
I damn near am your father...havin to worry bout you and look out for you and shit lol
Both are fine institutions of learning. Fine, I tell you!
Can U recommend sites 4 info on schools&districts? Starting to search 4 2012-13 mid/secndary librarian position. Thx 4 help!
": I can't wait for Casey Anthony to go to jail #dumbbitch"
c'mon, yes you can! i believe in you!
Holy crap I'm bored. 2 1/2 hours down, 5 more to go.
Thanks to everyone for coming out tonight! Hopefully everyone got some great deals!
thanks for the response. Like everyone else hoping for the best. Love the blog!
Trying to get my life right
¦ Books worth Sharing ¦ FICTION ¦ Deadly Offerings bu Alexa Grace author of page-turning romantic suspense novels Check out this KINDLE...
hahahahahahahahahahaha the tomato at the end is so random
I hate being sick..
omg what happened
I am officially a twitterer
Dame dizzy food gud
Why does it take twitter so long to fucking update my shit >,<
We would get breakfast where every cute baby in Cville is.
Does the term artist need to be discarded? Is calling yourself an artist a liability?
Happy Birthday to you!
How to grow a beard in style - The West Australian
That would have been one scary kitty!
Bam RT : "The arc of the moral universe is long but it bends toward justice" MLK
Just read about the upcoming film "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Slayer." I can almost hear producers scraping the bottom of the ideas barrel
Pretending to be writing something in class so the teacher won't call on you.
hailey if you're out there, I wish you all the very best.
My prisoner named Natalie duh
Congrats! Stoked to see it all come together!
Nice bumping into best musical studio neighbor today at our venice studios...quick Coachella chat..then back busy as usual!
Eating pizza for breakfeast hmm quite interesting...
Listening to highway 20 ride on my way home wishing was here to sing it with me
Soldiering through the sinus infection and back to poker. Playing 3/600 mix last 2 days at the local card room as warm up for crushing LAPC
Even the scrubs bustin ass.
What a great night, the #SCSUHuskies won 2-1 against the UMD Bulldogs!! :)
Almost time for that nasty work thingy to disrupt my life for a few days...AGAIN!
And when it's not one thing, it's two things.
Did a fantastic tasting at this past weekend. The wines showed very well. A couple of bottles found their way home to SF.
Why would I ever be friends with you? Again, it's bad to assume because you make an "ass" out of "u" and "me".
get it son!
At Microsoft excel class burning my brain cells!!!!
Even though she wasn't there in the past....she's here now and that's all that matter....I LOVE YOU MOM
Has Royce grown up yet? Teach him to attack creeps and Heat players.
hi boo
Hb2501 requiring all city/county regs be written clearly has passed the AZ House and now moves to AZ Senate. ASK YOUR SENATOR FOR SUPPORT!!
Back to back for the Brewers! Yayy. I still love Matt Kemp but that was an awful throw ...thank god
Lol you know I'm going to need deets! Though I'm pretty sure I already know how things will fly lol
"A day without you is like a day without sunshine... I miss you.."
you guys should go, enjoy the goat for me.
“: So are LeBron and Co. about ready to at least pull out that panic button yet?” lol... Play since AS break has been average.
why are you sending purple dicks?
...you deserve me ;)
Just ordered The Starboard Sea by Amber Dermont b/c of the review in today's Times.
He seems like a cool guy but sometimes will put oatmeal in your pimp cup and steal your girl.
Thank you for the gentle reminder that scholarly publishing doesn't simply = rent-seeking. Too many OA insurgents make this mistake.
hope your day is awesome!!
People complain about their haters to make it seem like they blowing up, but they're just civilians.
I had a dark chocolate mocha in your honor!
when did you get so cheap? Are you turning into ?
#100ThingsILove 6. Having a productive weekend.
When John Edwards said there were two Americas, he meant one where he was having sex constantly and the other one.
Wow I haven't been on twitter for real in like everr that's depressing.
o i c. What if you were about to dye it but then aaalllll of your hair randomly fell out. LOLOL.
I went from playing basketball outside in the park, to gloves and coat in 2 days. Ughh warm weather stay!
Any fool can complicate things, simplifying, now that's where the genius lies!
Terrible bumper sticker!
lol that's one of the regulars. but I picked up some anyways. Making some chicken alfredo:)
I'm searching high and low for a .Net Developer with recent Oracle experience. Client is in S. Jersey. #C#
Please fix the grammar on your invite. It reads YOUR invited. Should be "You're invited." First impressions are lasting...thx!
i just woke up from nap number 2 of the day.
So proud of McKinley and the great community supporting Dogfest this past Saturday. This is the little public school that can do it!
Nerd me is happy that when Google Image searching for 'soundwave', 8 Transformers appear before the expected result.
Recent column is on the #redsox collapse.
"Watch Em' Die Slow, Like They Got Cancer"
lol it's clique* and he thought it was cute! He smiled!
how is the move going?! You will have to text me your new address. Xoxo
I want my bracelet back...
Sure thing, Noam! Just spreading the good word.
Congratulations to Prince Amukamara going to New York Giants!
DON'T FORGET:Auditions tonight for #Neighborhood3 , 6pm at #DesMoinesSocialClub , see you there!
Tonight I'll have NFL Draft on TV while listening to and his callers on I wonder what Ray Ray will have to say.
Hey Jessica! Just saw you're at Rock Center now, how fun, congrats! Hope all is well :)
DS: yup. I'd like to see them get some PT.
dm me so i can tell you something.
Ms Guy talkin bout this video of prom is a bunch of hoes... Lmfao
I tried to have a marg. at Indianhead and it was horrible. Opted for Capt & diet at airport.
Submitted a HUGE proposal yesterday. Wish me luck and send me some prayers folks!
A relationship isn't a test...so why cheat? :/
Pizza Hut trying to build the largest Blastoff network and reap massive profit gains. Dont give them your money. Build your network urself
Taking just one day off the Internet can be very healing. I highly recommend it, if you normally can't.
wtf there no one to talk to today >:/
U guys should go to the Atl mixer its thur good look if you do. Networking event. Down town 6-10 I believe.
Done for the day
think it's on TVline. On my phone so don't know for sure.
It seems #Junior Seaus' girlfriend was with him or just found him when he shot himself...they have released the 911 call she made...so sad:(
Please follow my new account >>
“: It takes less than $5,000 a year to educate a young person, but $33,000 a year to incarcerate one- Bill Cosby”
RED HAT GUY! ;P
OK...will do...if u saw my earlier post...I'm married to one...lol
Daily GTKY question: What color are your eyes?
Hahaha! Gotta love that auto correct!
-been a clippers fan for years, but think they are 1 year/player/coach away from being a contender. I think CP3 knows that too.
i'm with moneyminc on the bbq.sounds good right now
. Hope everyone can come down to Union Sq on Sunday afternoon for the H.L. Mencken open house!
R.I.P Whitney Houston #IWillAlwaysLoveYou :'( ALWAYS LOVE...YOU FOREVER...THANK YOU
So u got OKC in how many games?
well thank you, but you notice how there's always a paci in her mouth :) gotta keep that adorable little mouth corked!!!
I think #virtualevents are a new standard component of #events. it is not either-or. it's like everything in marketing--additive
Three minutes and counting
I also saw the review Garrett Thomas gave your book in Magic Magazine. Great work, Benji -- a lot of great info!
still in editing. hopefully soon!
Despondent is the best adjective to describe everything I feel right now.
I'm going to frame it and hang it on my wall.
This humidity can go away ANYTIME now!
These Websites Can Help You During Your Weight Loss Journey by Providing You with Helpful Tips
I may or may not have just got 14 hours of sleep.
yes i am petey pablo! if you say you're coming back i will cry
“: Gotta go to bed. Ttys =D” getting ready to crash too have a goodnight
My trainer told me I need more protein at breakfast, so tomorrow I am going to spread some foie gras on my waffle.
Let me just say if someone pepper sprayed one of my kids, it would resort to an instant ass-kicking, no matter who did it...That's a promise
Can't wait to see all our old friends (and meet some new ones) at this year's PitchFest! Haven't registered yet? What are you waiting for?!
At the barbershop getting tightened up by
I can't wait to see that! It's the #SIFF2012 movie I'm most anxious to see.
Who is Kim dash? So many users of her?
Happy, Happy, Joy, Joy !
Lost my cell phone last night. White #iPhone on sale today.
I trust CS Lewis. More importantly I trust Jesus who valued life so much he gave his for us.
i'm so tired
I believe people's true thoughts and feelings come out when they are angry....because they tend to think without speaking
RT : ok then monkey// Lololol I need more pecan candy up here! They don't know nothing about it! Smh
: Lol tweet tweet back at u
I can't quite explain what happened. I tried to "dot tumblr dot com" them, and they were like "two weeks ago". Oof.
EON is now officially sponsored by DWI(DownWithInk)!!Photoshoot next Sunday!!
YES<3 i'll bring the bombs, you bring the food?!
Good second half from the Heat. We win this one!
Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You / Join us SAT at for Dr. Seuss' BD!
me, a mouth, etc. lol
on the twitter? Really?
no matter how old you are you still be a punk bitch <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Winning is about art, not just legs. It's got to be in the right place. -Lance Armstrong
I want a million dollars.
Hilarious. RT : OK so South Bend cops see 5 people jump a fence and the 2 guys they catch are #ND football players?
Here's to a Happy & Healthy 2012 around the globe!
and those curtains... Eerie!
We have our first intern starting with Ride the Spectrum tomorrow! :-)
good to hear it went well. I the month has flown by.
Hey its Doc... I'M BACK!!!!! Better look out!
There's a truth behind every lie.
its fine :/ imma just got to bed
Wondering if Sherman really needs the next 12 interstate exits... Or if Denison really needs the next 10.
The nose on my Gaillac is a little tight, but it's dark and smoky on the palate with a bitter bite to it at the end.
LMAOOOO @ that Rapist Beware video
Big congratulations to the new artistic director, ! I just hope he'll still have time to crush me in Words with Friends!
done, good looking out.
Nice! Peek-a-boo, I see u.
I once dated a girl whose father owned every Steven Segal film on VHS & DVD. He would win this game
Dear applicant: your email intro was cute and funny, but one recommendation: PDF your resume or use standard fonts. Helvetica FTW.
i ve been wandering that for the longest time now
I THOUGHT THAT WENT IN...
Congrats leverage PR client Monte Lee-Wen on becoming a 40 under 40 finalist
rocked! Thanks to everyone who came out for this amazing keynote lecture!
is at DCA & on his way to San Jose State Univ. My talk: From 1st generation library user to activist librarian.
Hi Jeff! I'm a big fan of teen wolf! I'm also starting an acting career and was wondering if your looking for more actors?
dont talk to me when im using my ipod... just dont
aw, your a perfect couple... your both twats
People of all ages like us!
Enjoyed this chat - thanks to everyone for your perspective and expertise.
RT : "Every politician should want more freedom than they themselves have" -
Secret Stall Hint update Sonic #Baltimore -it's either stall #10, 11, 12, or 13. Try the Double stuffed Oreo Cookie Blast. It is incredible.
you need to find something to do
If you think it's hard to meet new people, try picking up the wrong golf ball
ViaMe is a really cool platform Gurbaksh. Good news or bad that Instagram got acquired today?
wat!! Why I gotta be all that
I think the fashion club meeting is next to me. #deananddeluca #dropcrotch #chic?
The lead singer makes me want to rip out my ears.
This is good to have and share with others.
I really enjoyed Scandal last week.
nor me, but i spent some lost college & expat evenings playing tipsy Dungeons & Dragons. ;)
I guess I'm asking what should be happening.
Major projects been commerce for a nationwide retail client. Excited watching the technology we're developing unfold. Can't wait to launch!
this is random but is your iPhone pink ?
Versus Robots and Down Up Speed ToMoRRoW!!!!!
I feel as if a drank a bulls blood with much red and floating as if i had wings to guide thy soul into the heavens..
Thank you! :)
Thanks! Yeah, it was hard enough finding the data for this, but I really do want to dig in deeper, haha.
Glad I didn't see the drop for TOY STORY poster this morning because I might have justified buying it, even though I'm broke.
#Rag&bone fashion show was great way to end this chapter in NYC (for now)
Donahue punts 38 yards. Ball downed by #Lions at the #Chiefs 33 yards.
Ford salesman yesterday sees my LEGO stormtrooper keychain, he showed me his phone- with a Lego Stormtrooper background. BFFs instantly.
got my fist in a ball, ready to unleash on tis h8r fransisco
Books24x7: "Most people are fairly lazy searchers." Advanced search features get little use.
and you know this. Now I will have a reason to buy cable now
Nice stop by the Gmen.
I wouldn't lie 98% of the chinese menu ain't chinese food . I can make 4chicken wing pok fri rice
I miss being in love.
My new website will be brand spankin new, i mean toe spankin new ...very soon,no peaking! your piggies will be smiling .. oh yes they will
yes ma'am.
Has anyone tried our Citrus Aiolo sauce? What do you think??
lol nvm i dont even like jake like that i like cam better how was ur day
Uh, last post to
Luckily, you don't have to believe in evolution to benefit from it.
Thanks for the follow Proxy! If you need money for growing your business, feel free to post on our site.
thanks we need it! Amie hurt her thumb! Wiki hurt her knee! (Someone stood on her knee!^) hah abiee also hurt her thumb!
I wish i had a reason to drink tonight but i just dont see there being 1
FREE MARTINI TASTING Tonight at from 8-12 $5 Cocktails $5 Apps $ wine & DJ ! See you there!!
Newt's campaign night is one of the strangest I've ever seen. He's clearly bitter and seething at Romney.
Had an awesome day! Even though I still haven't met you yet :/
Sports Arena is in the Midway District, not Point Loma.
Disney, here I come!
Are there any songwriting rules you stick to?
Yayyyyyyyy! I finished my language are speech! Lol yayyyyy! No I have to go shower and get ready 4 bed!! Bo!/: lol I hate wakin up early
On July 28, 1854 settlers from the New England Emigrant Aid Company arrived in Kansas Territory. Soon after, Lawrence was founded.
atta girls. I miss that place.
"come here rude boy boy can you get it up"
Hugely productive day, all b4 11 am! Started Roundtable trng session, dropped boy at camp, signed two new members, delegated stuff
WOW the youtube awards, send me a link
So all is well then?
I'm Finna try that shit next time I hoop lol
I see if you have at your side he will be there till the end
Sounds good! Hashtag? RT Looking forward to "Why Don't We Do It in the Road? A Salon on Public Histories" this pm
GRAMMY night! Good luck to , our friends at Enterprises and the late Will Owsley (wish you were here to see this).
Let's go TARHEELS!!
She's down.
Watching Lilo and Stitch and eating ETS
also, BATS!!!!!! i love takoma park
but, writing an introduction for a former teacher is turning out to be a daunting task...
Car Shopping. Swag me out doe.
Nothing says Easter like possessing your daughter after she snorts your ashes!
even though we're to stubborn to admit it we're all to young to be stressing relationships
Love these BTS clips! I am looking forward to Vol 3! Thank you for capturing these moments and sharing them with us :)
hahah okay (: & for the heading go to the custom settings & scroll down to where it says header. then you click upload
hey the app isn't working so hmu on here okay ily :)
All small choices are like planted seeds. They wil bring fruit eventually. Be patient with yourself.
I know your plans don't include me.
hey there. Love the update.
Holy shit it's friggin hot! D:
Ever got the chance to meet Whitney Houston, & what's ur favorite Whitney song?
great - how are you?
no no I'm totally gonna keep it secret!!
Told myself you were right for me.
When you know what you want,and you want it badly enough,you'll find a way to get it. - Jim Rohn
talking to claudia kevin and was talking to marie but i guess not..
Sorry! Hopefully we will have more soon!
Extraordinary private concert tonight by the great tabla maestro #zakirhussain and flutist #rakeshchaurasia, benefit for
warped tour maryland date july 24th! can't fucking wait!
thanks for following! I love my bracelet I bought in there last week!
i may be bad but im perfectly good at it.
Still another half to go people.
Red box and snuggles :)
“: Oh no! Be careful. Pat goes to Vegas to get WRECKED! Haha!!” me too duh LOL
"less than half of Denti-cal members are getting a preventative visit each year" testifying now
2 martinis and 2 shots later and I'm not drunk I'm just a lil sleepy. I guess I'm not a drinking lightweight. Lol
The only "B" word you should call a girl is beautiful. Bitches love being called that. <U+2665>
I get it now.
love you! glad you had a swell time<U+2665> Merry Christmas!
Once a rocker always a rocker!!! (The Who)
itwouldntsuprisemeif #Manning completes more passes in the season opener than #Tebow did in all of 2011
Every generation laughs at the old fashions, but follows religiously the new.
im hearing u on the radio!!
He's "teaching" me French xD
youth and whisky?
new single on my b-day best present from u <3 (:
I can't wait 'till this weekend! I hope it pours! I'm gonna sleep off my allergies!
or last call at PDX after Talkin Ball and gittin a few jager shots from Greg the bartender before the flight..
Houston we have no problem with the Kevin McHale selection.
Chaos, panic & disorder - my work here is done
RT if you love Jersey Shore and !!!i am one of those ppl follow me i follow bakk
Must be unreal. Etihad was thunderous. RT : Awesome atmosphere at Stadium in Manchester. Can only imagine the streets.
stateside, we refer to that diet as Lettuce-And-Sorrow.
hey! im good and yourself? how are the babys? :)
Yeah, right?!
Damn!!!! In a horrible mood for funnel cake!!!!!
BCS Bowl...really Alabama? One teammate is named Smelly & you need Shelly to kick it in?
Why is it called same sex marriage. If your married you eventually have the same sex. It should be called same gender marriage
and it is kind of soupy to start Cinco de Mayo
I'll post the link on the blog, one which won't expire. View on it comp./iPad.
I am currently hiding in the bathroom trying to get away from the giant bird-moth.
LMAOO, I don't think so, you know what, I look up to you cause you're PERFECT THEY WAY YOU ARE. <3
that would be nice. But do we spend enough time on our devices to have an LTE speed. The battery on them LTEs sucked too.
Does It Look Like I Give A Fuck !
We're getting ready for the Luxury Expo this weekend in Tysons Corner, VA! Anyone else want tickets???
lol I like a lot of Adidas' non-sports designs. though. Grew up wearing the classic shell-toes
I hate to spoil the movie for you, but the good guys win.
#VCU is at it again! C'mon Rams, you can do this!
Fresh wasabi is so much sweeter and flavorful - great PUNCH in flavor
how exciting!!! what r u doing there? I may be there next wk!
... And then they made me their chieftain.
I hate them stupid teenagers.....oh carp I'm one as well
Long time no see !
Re-use! Wash old shower curtain, use as drop cloth or winter plant cover.
you need a good dry cleaner after this game. your jersey is filthy
There is no finer investment for any community than putting milk into babies. Winston Churchill
School wifi=hacked ;)
~~Stage Freight Strategies part 3~~ 6.Anticipate hard and easy questions. 7.Organize your speaking notes.
Hold your head high, and your middle finger higher........
yes, I mean...what do I call her? That sounds old doesn't it. God I'm old...and tired. ;)
o my god no!! how could you end it there!! i need to know what happens next! DX
I used to have hella bad anger problems,but now I know how to control them.BUT,if you get me hella pissed ITS ALL BAD FOR YOU!!
A few exceptions (VCU, Butler), but definitely near impossible to win championships, which should be the ultimate goal.
Putting that last little touch on MFL'ER!!! Bout to wake the streets up with this one!
Hit the road Jack! And dont cha come back no more, What u say?
U can have the world, its music, power, culture, and everything that comes with it. #givemejesus #
Sometimes these cuts are so much deeper than they seem..
we're on rain or shine for Saturday, right?
Artists depend upon their fan base to continue making a career of their music!
Finally saw Revolutionary Road (directed by Sam Mendes)...hoping my acting career won't lead to an unhappy, suburbia life!
Gourmet food available fast , who'll be parked outside the Open House this Wednesday!
Had to emphasise the word bitch because I love calling her that
Follow she follows back!!! Plus she looks amazing!!!
what I do now ": BITCH!"
Are flasks permissible on flights? Serious question people. Not ashamed to ask it.
I'm amazing! How about you?
Thanks Todd! You too! RT happy Tuesday Rebecca! Have a great 1
/ No stacking.
When you go about life thinking you know the keys to the world, reality comes and smacks you like an ant with a sledgehammer.
Just got home
do it!
I think mother nature is PMSing
Aw, thanks. You're fabulous!
And yes I'm posting from Montebello this morning!!!
“: Great sex is good nutrition for the soul.”/ couldn't have said it any better.
I can buy it
To the person who parked so close to my car I had to crawl over the passenger seat to drive...you get the super lame award for the day.
Looking for A Process Server in Sacramento, CA? Call 916-509-0677. Registered and Bonded.
Honesty is the best policy always, lies are poison.
I woke up and checked my phone to see your good morning text, but then I remembered..../:
ready to fail this antrho test tomorrow...#fuckschool #losttextbook =/
Chicago, IL
hehe - would be akin to the second half of the fifth innings... baseball is the only thing I half way understand, but even then.
this is the kind of game Ty needs to get a little selfish and try to become the superstar we need!
Now serving as trustee for Ponzi Schemer, Kevin Carney - anyone know any of his victims?
That Was Your Last Straw!!!
I wish I could call up lightning bolts like Helen can...they could come in handy!
I feel like Daniel Plainview. "I can't keep doing this on my own with these... people."
It makes me a little sad that the days of swapping CDs is over. WONT SOMEONE THINK OF THE LINER NOTES & ALBUM DESIGN.
New film starts shooting Sunday very excited!
if I win the lottery will you please play at my wedding?
Greenshoots is getting it done. Much Thanks Y'all! check it
i just wanna cry :(
...and no, I'm not picking a fight! While I'm a Canon user, my most used camera is pushing 8 years old.
no sweetheart. It never, ever says " he sometimes heals. " it says he is helaer. It's what he does.
doing a local sports and media radio show in central PA, friday noon. Michael Weinreb is coming on. Interest in batting 2nd?
Girls Empowerment Coach training class starts tonight. Ready to connect with my new student. PUMPED
B i just saw all your tweets but thanks a tonespecially for your call it made my bday :)and hes an NFL player good enough! lol
It can be, for sure. I'll let you know the next time I do it.
What's twitter
M3+You+God = the perfect us
same! virtual high five!!! <U+270B>
#TeamItaliana hey boo.
is paying to advertise on #twitter. What a sad state of affairs when Special Interests pay to spread lies on
Lost anybody? pretty lame
China has overtaken the UK on the list of the world's top five wine-consuming nations according to new figures released by Vinexpo and IWSR
Red #me&battery...
Also if u happen to watch the video, look at the last HR and check where the catcher set up n where the pitch went
Someone else mentioned 21st but it doesn't look like they are in IL just WI, Dale's either. Dumb distribution laws.
Another person thinks The Help is a counterpoint to...wait for it...Gone with the Wind. 1860...1960...whatevs...
Sadly no! :( What is the best thing you have tasted so far?
haha not sure why that is, and it's been that way for a few months.
CANT WAIT TO DOWNLOAD IT<3
#WashingtonDC for the weekend with !!! SO EXCITED!!
I like this idea you have of drinking coffee before runs. Looks like I'm making a pit stop at !
it's okay, i just found a language converter for that one.. LOL!
you just divide it haha you have a B
Some girls like flowers and chocolate, I prefer shoes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Video is uploading now! I have special video for you guys today! Two in one day!
omg your videos are so funny <3
Latinas are the best who don't like latinas?
She’s nothing like a girl you’ve ever seen before Nothing you can compare to your neighborhood girl
I'm at a loss for words right now how you can get away with such shitty everything. Oh wait you're a monopoly! That explains it
RT: "I just don't want it to end" That's the spirit. Hardcore
I run at 2;30, 3:00 am. Especially 15-20 milers. Have had heat exhaustion a few times
I went to a convent school—for a few months. It didn't take, to put it mildly.
hit me up
cool. I'll think about it too. as long as there is something semi healthy I can eat, I'm happy! looking forward to seeing you two!
RT : omg ur instagram working!? Yea is yours not?
Whaddup dawg, who's playing for Lawrence on the summer tour? Can I get on?
do you know who the Bees Gees are?
Getting our party on ;) awe ya w/
Yo ! Check ur email...I just forwarded you a nice present from
DM your number
I just posted a note on my facebook with the detail!! :)
OMG SHAUN! I have a GREAT place where the show could be... text me ASAP! :)
I've had 6 cents in my pocket all day. Does this mean I can see dead people <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
's tweets make me smile everytime I read any of them. <3
yes especially this weekend with the monsoon in full swing. Ugh enjoy the dry heat though.
Pizza Playoffs on cleveland.com - My vote will be cast for Edison's Pub.
Greatest artists need people like you! Thanks for supporting independent music!
has officially mastered Twitter....as of just now...
RT when people tweet bout their bf / gf is cute. but tweetin bout them every 2 min. isnt,
“: Everyone: that's why won His voice is out of this world. Seriously.. woah.” yeah this one .
Thanks for the mention! :)
. yum recipe please;)
REALLY GOOD MUSIC!!!!CHECK OUT on itunes!!!!!! SHE SINGS AWESOME!!!!!!:):)RT!!!
To the boys who live above me: please play better music. It's hard to fall asleep to that emo shit you play. Thanks
Forgot to mention, I was frisked by TSA agents on the train today. I feel soo violated.
Served breakfast in bed? Ok not mad
Life is so goo....just sold some eights yahhh
I read 73 and sunny!
When you wake up feeling good about a Monday, you know you're in a good position! Here's to a new week, friends! Enjoy! :)
RT : Coding time.
Don't laugh, that would hurt like a bitch.
a song.
wrapping gifts for our sponsor family
I never thought jean shopping could be depressing. #alliwantforchristmas is a gym membership lol
Analyzing audio from Saturday night's investigation... hopefully we'll catch something good! (Chris)
no one cares if I'm not at school, so why go?
yeah they did lol its a tie now
Oh, I'll make you work at it, :)
We started reading Wonder. Didn't expect tears right away. I had to hand it off to my 5th grader. Then he had to pass it to his brother.
i would but ur not here for me to #drink off of
The two most important things in my life are _________ and __________.
Got it - thanks!
Good too see local businesses embracing social media. Thanks for that link!
A&A proudly welcomes former NFL all-pro and Kansas City Chiefs Hall of Famer to our celebrity advisory board.
people who say they aren't about that life.. usually low key wish they could be....
Can I smell your penguin feet?
#milwaukee Carpe Diem!!! Stop in, grab a free coffee, relax at the counter and let us shop your to-do list for you!
Ahh I think he jumped on my tweet about Bo's contract extension
Come on down. We'll accommodate. Ticket sales at the door.
my pride always gets in the way .
10 Facebook Tips : dont like your own status.
good morning Grey Line Mappers!HAve a fantastic time today!!!
nope I missed it, got a quick link?
Just had to go back and tweak a webcomic I worked on earlier...let's just say it combines Will, and the DeLorean...
Bye bye, butterfly!
get up Darius!
can you please follow me? i love #teenwolf!!!!
kobe playin even tho he sick
why are you coming to Nashville ? Are you having a concert ? (:
is impressed with Cam Newton on the first drive, but think the Packers need to knock the smug off him.
You know what sounds good right now??? Wilson's.
Are you romantic? Do you believe that romance is dead?
I agree I like "I'm Ready"
Only on camera......I am ME!
Have you heard the new Pennywise record? It ROCKS.....
hey, Dez how r u?
Do you & your better half ever go to T-bones games? We're thinking about going to home opener if you're interested in joining.
mee to! we plaued when it was like 30 degrees!
Also NFL star Brandon Marshall will be there. The parade is so long its 2 days. This Friday and Saturday.
totally normal.
I only slept like 3 hrs everyday since last Friday :(
Many thanks to for #ict2dc KSN interview. Likely to air 1/15 at 5pm. Will post link to video when it is up.
from a movie? Lol im lost
stfu,,, i never eat your fuckin' cookies.. its all urs ((;
your a punk
New Years is over. Now the fun of trying to remember to write 2012 begins!
not me, have not worked for Romney campaign.
24 Hour ON Demand Courier, Delivery Service and Process Service geared to meet your needs! Price and Service Guaranteed! 877-527-5737
ALLBIZ MICROPHONEBULLY STAND UP SMILEY THE GHETTO CHILD STAND UP 183
Thanks for the hospitality on Saturday! Loved hanging out with all the great fans while we were up there!
Thanks for the follow ! Austin home value is increased by well maintained trees. Not to mention the added shade helps keep cool
you're very welcome lil sistah :) barely got home from the airport? <3
I have been. For 20 minutes or so.
In the spirit of helping the f%^*ed economy we are getting a room dwntwn SD and emptying our bank accounts----> what u think about that?!
No, but I'll get started on Sat! RT : How many type of rolls have you had at our diner? Has anyone tried them ALL!?
What are some hot topics in the library science field that need to be written about more?
If you think you’re too small to have an impact, try going to bed with a mosquito in the room.
I just want you all to know, I had a terrible weekend.
Congrats to all #lawstudents who have finished or are finishing their last #lawschool exams this week. Hope CALI helped!
Tweet me ?
"R.I.P. Davy Jones" remembering the cute little kid
It's really true. RT : Overheard in the newsroom: "Bacon is so in right now"
: Running away from your problems is a race you will never win.
One is a childish fantasy that often engenders a lifelong obsession with its unbelievable heroes, leading to an emotionally stunted... (+)
Seattle here, wish it was snowing!
RT : "Life's problems wouldn't be called "hurdles" if there wasn't a way to get over them." Author Unknown
Lindsay: Alcohol can increase chances of sleep driving with Ambien because it disrupts the sleep stage.
Did I just hear that a assistant coach was going up against Pau Gasol with football pads during practice yesterday?
I'll be joining #ASNEChat as a guest with several former newspaper eds and will be tweeting replies, comments welcome. 2-3 pm ET.
Yes Big Tom!! You need to come on our show! The Radio would rock with all us on at the same time!! haha
#ASTD2011 Great session with Elain Biech & panel for building a practice session
pllzz follow me
RT : It's National Hat Day! Post a photo of your fav hat on our FB page to win a $15 Starbucks gift card!...
Make sure you're blogging by 2012. Social media marketing is not the future, it is NOW. Take advantage of it!!!
so fucking proud of you right now!!!
That song just randomly came in my head. It's been awhile since I've listened to Oceano.
Watching #GIRLS is like watching the last five years of my life!
Ready! Meet at Casa P P at 8. :
#GATORS ADVANCE TO THE ELITE EIGHT FOR THE SECONDS STRAIGHT YEAR!!
Ah! And this! I've had a couple of convos with people interested in pursuing dramaturgy where I've told them to think again.
My sister has grown up near Pittsburgh...she says the weirdest things! HEY YINZ! I'S SAID. I'M REPPING THIS SHIRT...
where are you? You can get it from Cargo UK
Bad. I woke at 6 with a huge migraine, and there was no Hephaestus with an ax close-by to let Athena out. I survived, but weak like a kitty.
Thanks for the comments! Enjoyed your video too...best of luck with the new album!
Thanks to for the follow! Great to have you along.
black panther rally?
I just feel like busting out in tears. Nothing I ever do is right..
Still waiting 4 right time--already spoken 2 peeps re K4/InCopy and "content not containers". 1 more and they'll ignore me. 1/2
Making friends?
What's everyone doing tomorrow? Come to our info session at the Orleans Street Library - 6:15 sharp! You may get lucky and win a prize!
Scratch that. Amanda Bynes AND the dude who played the cop in "The Hangover" were both at the BMW I was at.
RT , superior marketing of an inferior product/svc often wins over inferior marketing of superior produce/svc
So far pretty good, I went in at 12.
CBS News now saying Santorum will win Alabama
Agreed RT : Just read on that was in talks with Kanye to sign to GOOD Music?! Wow! That would've been crazy
that was the best part!!! Ps your icon is real hawt <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> Can I get youz digits?!?
Ah, gotcha. Whatever happened to The Poor Man? I was on that blog in its earliest days (02/03), but lost track after a while.
Why is everybody yelling!!
So long DC, so long #ala10 I feel smarter and managed to leave with only one
son okay in Mexico in spite of flu and temblor. "things in hyper crisis mode here, everything shut down"
So many great movies coming out. But the very greatest will be premiering on July 20th. <3
Thinks Mark Sanchez is the real deal, was thoroughly impressed tonight.
Yoink *hurled verbatim into swipe file*
RT: Q&A with CA #comm_college chancellor on efforts to improve completion rates:
listening to & loving new album
Assume not for Bobby V, correct? RT For 8 yrs, before every first at-bat against Sox, Jeter gave little cap tip to Francona.
Sure wht we gone do ?
hey! whats up! *just being friendly* Lol...
can't wait for to be back.
Merry Xmas and Happy Holidays to all... Stay Sexy everyone!!
Fun night tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B1>
my focus would damn near just be that champs league final against Bayern. No one expected them to be there
Just got to SD...round 2? Good time buddy, good times!
Is "Trademarking" the new THING? cc.
BPL will hold public roundtable meetings for budget options
Step into my shoes and I promise you'd be laughing, too.
Decaf?!?! Decaf!!?!?? That last bag of coffee in the cabinet is decaf?!?? I'm gonna have to.... (thud) Z...
New Mexico Satellite Man loves helping people pay less for TV! Let's look at your monthly bill, maybe we can save you some money. 350-6428
Dam girl u make me feel so good ,only youu :)
So I spotted u in the premiere issue of & was beyond stoked :D Much <3
RT : I've got a theory that if you give 100% all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end. -Larry Bird
Perfect Stranglers
naw cause the letter to the Lamont gonna need a singer!!
why do all men lie cause what you just said was a fucking lie FOH more of a social life than ya grandmom!!... nikka i laugh
HOUSE (house, house, house) MUSIC (music, music, music)
You are right! Have you been?
Your girlfriend is gorgeous & loyal, why flirt w/ other bitches ? Its like throwing away a diamond and picking up a rock.
Thanks for the advice, Terry! I am looking into the JHU Credit Union as we speak.
My server brewed fresh Bourbon Pecan coffee just for me...and him... that is LOVE :) thank you
The Avengers was really funny..
Sad day for me:( Seahawks lost!
yes its fair,most fans want a championship and if resting stars is what it takes then its fair
that was yesterday. they won 6-5 today.
As an employee of that certain bookstore. It pained me to remove the books by
Much love to the followers giving shout outs!
I FUCKING HATE GETTING LOST
Going to STL to see family, watch both the and , and enjoy some beer! Great STL weekend of fun!
ended up helping out our celeb neighbor with some flooding
Gained a pound. WTF??? PFFFFFFFT. Lettuce and water diet starting now.
I feel like a target on the expressway.
Dave Grohl really is an amazing person
Hooray! I am sure it is relevant and tempered!
King's Court: A Modern Dance and Theater Spectacular...2nite 8pm
Sounds good. :) RT : Late night Pilsner w/ at Five Napkin Burger after seeing & Pops.
tonight is gonna be funn!< 3 (:
Haven't been like this in a while
Someone raised the point to me that No, Bloggers are not journalists, but need to be treated with respect (the credible ones!)
im god. He wouldn't want you to do that ether
I kno I gotta start Chekn my food now
My dog has a humping problem.
rachel did you just kill the obama commencement feed!? way to go, jeez!
For those who #believe in #God no explanation is necessary. For those who do not believe in God no explanation is possible.
Man When The Heat Lose Tonight Ima Be @'n a lot of ppl
Cutler did amazingly yesterday. He was more of a leader than I've ever seen before.
“It’s not who you are that holds you back, it’s who you think you are.” ~Author Unkwon~
Hi Im GORGEOUS GIRL
Highly recommend movie #Bernie. You've heard of the "6 flags of Texas", watch this movie to learn about the "5 states of Texas"! :-)
Need my damn food.
Alot popping in hollywood for me this week, a real whirlwind of events amazing im truely blessed, lots of work yeah
what is wrong
Austin and Mahomies are Sexy Justin and Beliebers are Sexy
you didnt say hi back. jerk.
Very sorry to hear about your father passing. Very glad you wrote the Huffington Post article. Thanks 4 your words!
I hope all have a HAPPY HOLIDAY!!! Have a great weekend!
Eating a Root beer flavored icey #Winning. Lol
I will try 2 live tweet from the hearing on SB 1291: Help Laid-Off Teachers Retrain to Teach in Hard2Staff Math, Science & Special Education
' we are pretty happy about too! Good luck on your casserole, you'll need it.
"What comes out of your mouth is determined by what goes into your mind"
Overslept again!!! No time to workout! Grumble grumble
thanks! you too
Greetings! We are still looking for that perfect fit! Our site is "Coming Soon!"..
$17 Million is a lot of cash. Woo hoo! RT : Congrats, !
If they are bringing sushi, yay.
Driving to chatard for my last day of school...
I spent your birthday reading Red Glove. Thank you for another fabulous book!!!
even other people's bad attitudes will not bring me down today. i won't let them.
I always feel like somebody's watching me.
Tune into to hear Dr. Sushi interview the Sons of Daughters Trio on the Free Jazz BBQ. The trio performs tonight at the Tonic Tavern.
#ndpl everyone has something to contribute to the growing #DPLA movement
“ When & get together my TL gets fuckn hilarious!!!!”
the signs in the article indicate no RT:Is now the time to invest in health care stocks?: The Telegraph, UK Sat, 12/17/11 - 11:46 am
MT : The first lane of the new I-85 N bridge over the Yadkin River opened at 1:15am. Second lane should open by 8am.
Food, love, career, and mothers, the four major guilt groups
on my way to see Tatianna (Tati)
Happy Birthday! #Salute :) rt “: Birthday lunch at in a little bit? Me thinks yes!”
Those unis are so terrible. Louisville looked like garbage last night, and Baylor will tonight too.
had a great lunch with "Fab Forty" genealogy blogger #littlebyteslife and her delightful daughter.
working on it ;)
Chillin wit Tyga Chris Breezy...you know , the usual :) lol wbu.? RT : what you been up to dude
. Awesome Win, Highlights and reaction at 11 #GoHawks!
"Don't make the fuzzy parrot beg..."
no problem, count me in! Text me the address and I will be over after the Prayer Breakfast at New Sardis (round 10)
What to do about lunch today...
2 tickets to ONE DIRECTION sold out show plus backstage passes being given away May 5 at ROOM 101!! With HOT 107.9
Going to bed late....hope I can get up early to play some ball!!
#GodblessAmerica <3 why does it have to hurt like this?
DAYUMM #NikkiMinaj that figure is on point!!!
RT Colon cancer rap video: "If there's a polyp, it might be a scare, But don't fret it, man, they'll snag it with a snare"
The best thing is that with all the stuff I've invested in, I'm starting a side dj business with my bro.
Had THEE BEST dream in my life this morning but it was ruined when my son woke up and launched a ball at me from his crib . Thanks Jr :-)
RT: Love the smell of opening a new box of swisha sweets grape!
happy birthday:')
Made it to Louie's. Massive mound of orange-cheese nachos before me. Go Giants!
at my school you can!! But we don't have Internet :(
Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today!
lmao that's guys for ya!
New Featured Bit is now up! "Shats R Us" Hear it at www.freekshowradio.com
Great day of weather here in Boston 2day//Wait 20 min's it will change'''
You did?! wait! What did you think?! Hoax? If so, where does the hoax begin? And what did you make of the dreams?
gonna cry myself to sleep because of.. Haha.
Be the change you want to see-my thought of the night. My headphones are in. My music is on. Goodnight everybody.
. found that games are most effective when designed with & within the community - seems obvious but can be easily forgotten
Won't be at this weekend- busy bike racing. Hoping for some good webcasts/tweets from attendees!
Hancock has a way of making these things interesting, a bit like a good novel. Particularly Sign and Fingerprints.
Bobby V is so fired.
we expect you to be at every single event :)
of course. Imy too!
If Wednesday's are referred to as "Hump Day" in a given work week, what is Thursday? Isn't going downhill a bad thing?
Kanye with the Victoria's Secret fashion show = an A winning night
one dirty penny ...
Please excuse the high volume of tweets coming from us in the next hour: It's #TTOT time!
Love the video!
lol you're speaking nonsense
Thanks, Angela. :)
This show reminds me why I don't like people. Lol. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
for real lol
Can't wait for December!
When we first met, I had no idea you’d become this important to me.
iam 25 and my work is a translation language and travel to different country But I don't. Work for company's. I free of that! U?
Is it normal to have someone walk by you with what smells like RAID as perfume?
The website for the castle my client is getting married at has scrolling text, shadows, animated gifs, & terrible clip art!
be a whole lotta love out here for you guys... take a big deep breath and have some fun now with that good stuff you do
Every little thing I do you're on my mind
It gets a little weird toward the end, but stick with it! Hmm.. I should start watching it through again!
Not sure who's jamming the music here in Bellevue but
#Google has new 'privacy' policy Seems creepy to me Like something from TV show Person of Interest ;-(
When you not around yo' crew you a whole new person! SMH
Cookies aren't just for Santa anymore...give Mama a call for your Christmas/Holiday cookie & dessert orders 312-545-0951
Wishing everyone a warm, safe, and happy holiday!!
It's official... at this time next week I will be a Mac user :)
Awesome time with the TAZJ!!!! i love my cousins so much. :))))))
I'm no celeb, but I hope you have a happy birthday!
Los Alamos fire chief confident WIPP-bound waste barrels will not burn; they'll tackle any spot fires nearby "immediately"
Agree - Was just thinking I'd love to go to a game there. They are a fun team to watch, rooting for them this year.
On the Circulator headed to City Hall for the Mayor's Hispanic Heritage Month celebration
lets share knowledge and try to move education forward. Would like to skype to see what we can learn.
I feel the need to publicly congratulate those behind this weekend. First-class event that this city NEEDED.
haha I meant date.
they r cute !
Just left Horseshoe Casino, I lost 30.00 inwhich it was quarters, dimes, and pennies that I saved....I love you, sleep with the angels
Book our new model 20 passenger Cadillac Escalade limousine for tonight for 5 hrs & receive the 6th for free!
Love the notion of gamification of documentation and questing discussed by
Next issue: special education. Burke says she would need to research to give advice.
BTW, we may have our issues, but we're not "Untied" yet! :O)“ is coming back to the Untied States of America!!!
Sadly, PC would get crushed in the Beanpot. Hockey = great. A talented Rangers prospect = bad. From BC = horrible.
Meryl Streep looks so young and beautiful in 1982's "Still of the Night."
Loved #InfoCampSeattle yesterday; loving #GeekGirlCon today. Wish I could've spent a full weekend at both!
watching her. It was pretty funny! And I know, they were adorable together!
Sucks staying in when everyone is out
this us do dope!
lol yea that's a great idea ;-)
Just had to google "Who is Kate Upton?" because what are you even talking about, Internet?
four a.m.
other than Brown, anyone worth making a trip to see for Richmond?
My name is Frank Odia and I am a recruiter. I am looking for RoR developer. Are you open to contracts or permanent opps?
Stop tweeting about it and actually do something.
Andrea txt me!!!!
thanks for the follow, business of books, mom!
Today I would not survive a Zombie apocalypse. I would survive Vampires tho because I've got no blood to feed them. :(
I have to say...other than Game 4, this series was frustrating as HELL. Fresh start, fresh series. Good riddance Hawks.
probs happens to you on a daily basis
Open gym tonight from 8 - 10pm. See y'all there!
#WeLiveInAWorldWhere true love is scoffed at :/ #CanIJustMoveToMars?
Coral Cantigas is now a twitter!
they are owning this overtime!
Couldn't ask for a better Fall day to be on the golf course!
Above all, always remain true to urself. The decisions u make today, determines ur happynes of tomorrow
This section of the officially codified compilation of federal legal statutes is entitled “Refugees and migration
hey Chris, hope all is good in your world...
Game is still on tonight at 7 @ Coppell! Be there!!!
definitely not english but i love hot tea with milk.
The story-workbook however, causes the reader to experience, inquire, discuss and solve the problems of this 21st century
Harvard, Manhattan School of Music, Berklee + Oberlin are 4 colleges the seniors in Latin Jazz Youth Ensemble of SF will attend in 2010 WOW
What wrote to fans next on with Michael Berk.
Sending daddy to go buy One Direction Up All Night Live Tour on May 29 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> good daughter :)
Looks like Delmon Young might need bail. Can you help him out Big V?
not to intrude on your...chronversation, but maybe your username should be TonyChronson33?
DARN IT!!!! I was this close to finishing my Etch-a-Sketch masterpiece
yes. didn't realize how quick 3 days is. it was so hectic. i'm planning on coming back again soon for longer. i want to see you!
ok cool I'm still waiting on the track for the last one.....
ik same here...
Looking 2 sell your home? Government grant 2 help w/ selling costs. Let me interview 4 the job & I will give U your own web page w/listing
I agree! Perhaps you'll consider submitting a proposal to present. See you there!
i would cry for the rest of my life if he replied "fuck no". lmfao
PLAY IT AGAIN OMG.
SKC goazolo! Lawrence Olum assisted by everyone else! Great game w and
hey - I didn't see the price, how much is it for the NYE show?
BLA aboutta dick tomorrow at the Aloha Bash. aye
#palepeopleproblems the sun reflecting off your skin and blinding people...
Lmao yea that would be awesome
OH, YES! you just brought back high school.... LOL
you make me soo happy!
- a quote by Ian Bowman from just now.
I'm ready for out little hangout
aren't you like 40 years old and you tryna hit on me oooowee no -,-
Kate's not this funny. I am not associated with the campaign. But I'm sure they know who I am, as my humor is easy to recognize.
Had a great night <3
oh shit, really? thats awesome! Still gonna have to say the best show I've ever seen has been GWAR. lol if u can imagine
hi derrick!when r u going to be at one of the challenge shows again?
Yes I am. It looks like some time in April. I have to figure out the dates. I would love it to be near or on my birthday.
Who will be my 100th follower?
"You are a minister and all ground is holy." responds to question from director of spiritual life Todd Clayton.
Good morning :) Have a great day X
Headed Bak to the A....
What's the difference between serving "popular" beers and concept defining beers? Having customers on a Monday night.
I've never heard of #BeaClown but I did just Google the movie #SinginIntheRain and see that #MakeEmLaugh copied
Just uploaded two podcasts to Itunes. Check out Artisan Ancestors for episodes about a Saddle Tree Factory and another about TN Samplers
Come get your FREE chicken biscuit with any purchase from 9-10:30 this morning. It's free breakfast week!
what time should I be over?
Kudos to and the entire Berkman team for a well run DPLA event.
I've met him and I'm pretty sure I'm not the only one that thought it was love at first sight! lol!
At least, not to the vegans. ;-)
Google made some slight changes to gmail today. Did anyone besides me notice?
Going to the NATO Summit lol.
Looks like some outfield seats available at Tokyo Dome for MLB season opener. Wonder if I can catch a plane in time for tomorrow's game?
who's paring donuts and beers?
they should have some decent Chinese food places in Detroit, right :D
I EXTREMELY <3 THAT PICTURE.
Blake also averaged 21-12 against SAS this year.
I have sample ballot, but am looking for reporting on candidates. Media doesn't cover them. Thanks though.
Not too much smaller than last year IMO.
thanks for the tweet! We'd love to speak with you after the pitches!
who is the no-mark accusing #jedward of ripping off Henry Holland’s #quiff haircut?? we pay royalties to #DonKing for that look!!
As in "U gave in" or that they are gone?
Im making dessert jello shots tmrw 4 a few #MayBabies. What would you rather see - Lime Wedge #JelloShots, or Sprinkled Cupcake #JelloShots?
Will you be livetweeting from tonight's #TechStartupWorld #Miami event, hosted by here in our shared space? Let us know!
Good Morning..... Happy Friday
Just got home from V-Day Sacramento's production of the Vagina Monologues - packed house at the Crest! Great show.
Awesome RT : So now do other owners write letters to #DavidStern, complaining about #DanGilbert "giving" #Sessions to the #Lakers?
Just got busted by light rail security. They are very SWAT team-ish.
Thanks for that RT yesterday! Also, we're loving the stick figures + socks look...you guys look ready to hit the slopes ;)
the throne from which he will reign for ever, drawing to himself humanity of every age and offering to all the gift of redemption
Back on the no smoking kick. Its easier this time around but still gets rough
Drinking with the pops out by the pool while the ladies go make-up shopping.
There's a chance I'm buying a new cell phone, but other than that, I could probably be coaxed out. What are you thinking?
double hip replacement ... Hell ya, preventative medicine
wish I were back in Australia.... I will get there again and won't leave.
No Doubt! #SALUTE!
Headed to Luigi's Fungarden in Sacramento for our first Sac show in a while. and are playing too!
Swingin at the beach makes for a happy girl.
Discounted tix for Fridays game vs The Nationals. Strasburg vs. Kershaw, fireworks, Dodger dogs, a little magic. Dont mind if I do!
Drums and rythym guitar done, bass today and well see what else we get done !!! What song do you wanna hear ?
Got my ATL ticket!!!(:
Are you coming to tonight?
Above all try something::::::: Franklin Delano Rosevelt
Evidence of a fashion faux pas: you see a model on TV out of your peripheral vision, and you mistake her outfit for a Bob's Big Boy costume.
Speak English
RT : Henry, Sara, myself: ... Natural is the way to go.
come out to on the rox tonight at 9 pm! show some love!
Thats the ingenuity i love from you, we can get some cinder blocks and build a fire pit on your coffee table
Rain didn't wait until nightfall, ATL. Hope u didn't get wet. #OWN #v103Atlanta #twitterchat #
While we were hoopin this girl was laying out to tan and was bustin out so many dif positions..lol she wanted d from somebody
just left the new adrift float #spa in It's so great for anyone who needs a little stress relief!
I know ! :c lol
it's possible! ;)
I suppose we could just get the maple bacon donut at #voodoo - 2 strips of bacon
Glad we go to theatre 45 min early. We actually got good seats. And Colton is here... Again. Addicted?
We usually wait till they get to the Super Saver. Not this one!
last saturday of spring break....going to the club?
I miss you bby!
Hi Raynald - if you're interested, willing + think it's worth the trouble you're welcome to translate + repost w/disclosure+link
When you have so much work to do and you have no idea where to start? So you ignore it all and spend your evening on twitter!
sun_in_scorpio's photo (null) thanks for the foto Allie!
So are you gonna follow me now?(: #Mahomiesgohard !! <33
hahahaha. That may have just made my day lol
Laying in bed looking at the ceiling and suddenly a little nose appears on the side, "take me out woman! WALK TIME!"
dead silence, one missed call, & paranormal activity 3 all in less than 13 hours = me scared for the rest of my life.
I'll have to check that out. I prob know less than that.
You are funny GO TO BED woman ": Aaayyeeeee god bless the world ! And please keep the wind down as me and the homies BBQ tomorrow
your a gold digger ass friend lmao JK JK
Breakfast is ready!
i just dont feel like going to school anymore?? 3 more months ...
RT : Purpose is activated only when you have receptivity. Awareness is key to achieving what the universe has planned for you.
I've lectured a few spaniels in my time & has a pic of me in CA looking like I'm teaching a rock pool!
Adversity causes some men to break, and others to break records.
More great weather here.
Q1 - feeling guilty with not having enough time to spend with them?
Adamsville has just gotten worse since we got a new vice principal.
I mustache you when this EP is being released
If anybody is out tonight in Philly and you happen to see the #Pens out drowning their sorrows, PLEASE tweet your location.
Going to the mall today for a ps3 ya
Saw ladies chilling in bikini tops twice today. Probably the same ones who will be wearing boots mid-July.
It's here!! I'll survive this conference yet!
I'm sneezing and I'm coughing AT THE SAME DAMN TIME <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
yumyumyum!!! heading to the kitchen...
Awesome. RT : In honor of and our awesome baseball outing, #fruitcup is my new whomp. Fyi.
Its beautiful here I'm never coming back home
Girl, you are looking flavorized! HA! :)
Peekin over the hump of hump-day at the days to come this wknd ~ Sat~full of song at Hopewell; Sun~full of song/msg at Temple!
thanks for the #FF Carmine! Haha
I think I wanna Marry youu, ;)
moist.....nice choice of words(: haha
Official bike sharing program to launch at noon at Palo Alto College thanks to Viva verde!
Rt: follow + a music artist + dancer from the uk and gain followers fast (: x #teamfollowback RT
I, umm, never mention Black Rooster Cafe.
you are so mean. You douche!
#80sNight TOMORROW NIGHT! Open bar from 10-12 Ladies $10 Gents $20 - be there! Come party with Mile High!
I'm going back to sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
The "Trail of Tears", the result of the Indian Removal Act of 1830, is one of the darkest chapters in American history.
I'm confused.
Can't say that I'm surprised. Very unfortunate though.
Can someone come to my house and braid my hair :)
We're running smoked fish tacos again tonight!! Come on down!!
Why the hell am I even here today? Sat around in first block, watched movies in second, third I'll do nothing, and fourth is another movie.
Sorry, Friday Nite Strenghts Movie will be posted late this week. Ill have it up by Sun
Yep new one going up today! The tattoo idea was discussed :)
having a party Saturday, May 26, 2012...text me if u wanna come! 571.232.6478
no i leave tomorrow night
I didn't take Leyland to be griping - he gave credit to Granderson for hitting a pitch that was likely high - a ball
Alright, I apologize for the broke ass website. I made some minor changes to make it more palatable until I get it cleaned up further.
what you Guys doing! (:
hope to work with you soon.
have some of me!!!
that's right our D will be just fine
G.P. Morgan. Come on Conservatives, how can you deny the reality in non-regulation anymore? What spin will you use now?
I guess its awesome. I hardly text him. Lat time I texted him was... about 2 weeks ago
Moving: check. Two projects wrapped: check. Summer gigs: check. Heading to China: double check. See you in 10 days!
If your cool you'll rt this ;D
New Orleans rain is no joke. No one say the "K" word...
And is pretty awesome. But Goodnight Ally!
please. please follow me
Woke up to an email from my pastor saying I'm going on the mission trip, God has really opened all the doors for me
Smh now go to bed
How hard will it be to get a hotel room there Super Bowl week?
thanks for following us:) whats up?
Really shoulda took some meds yesterday. This is Wat I get for tryna to downplay it. Damn. O well, no time to complain. Off to work
nae and chae saw the video to..ah lol
Just linked up with Xpect Sounds, bout to work on this collab venture, Coming Soon....Shout out to Rome and Sha
About to take off to Central America bye USA see u in 3 weeks.
aww im sorry love :( Ugh, i hate bein sick! Hope u get better soon!
Always a pleasure. Send it over.
thank you for coming! What was your take away?
you're awesome girl! Best of luck to you and let me know if I can help you in any way....I KNOW peeps!! lol
Oh yea and im not a moron. I am complaining about the people that represent you
Say what you mean, do what you say! I'm starting Latisse prescription for my eyelashes tonight.....stay updated cause I tell it like it is!
holy crap, we turned a double play!
Leave it to Joss Whedon to dig up a PG-13 c-bomb.
jennifer said she watched the video that i put up on youtube..& started crying.. why does this video mane everyone cry??
we are waiting in Memphis !! Presley and Callie are excited !!!
My mom just said "oh, so everybody TWITS now instead of using facebook? lololololololololololol
Now we on rush and division and rush street...feeling good feeling great
Crunch time for the #Flyers. I thought PHI would handle the Devils. Can't wait to watch light up 40 year old Brodeur!
yeah, yeah
It's okay, I just don't know ;p
Is it possible to find out and report what we learned from that elderly monkey before it died? How many studies did it help?
I know i was really bummed that i couldnt go but hopefully by then ill have a job cuz right now i am completely broke, I have to pay
Lowkey they say.
#mybestfriendsof2011 God , Mom , Alicia , <3 I Love Them (:
game cube. Yeaa thats the word.
LeBron James named third youngest NBA MVP in history.
Amazing opportunity to change your financial future
Just finished participating in a conference call with President Obama. I'm honored to be a part of one of his latest initiatives.
Thanks to Peter for personally delivering my auction winnings to me here in Carmel, IN all the way from Ohio! Excellent!
are you at work today?
If any of these draft picks tell Suzy Kolber they want to kiss her tonight, I will buy their jersey tomorrow.
Mike Wallace is. It's possible any team Manning goes to will trade for him
I had not considered that. Entirely possible. Lots of crab asses today.
I hate gloomy days like this ! I'm alway much more tired than normal<U+E13C><U+E13C>
id like to think of myself as a young elvis in the flesh or young hank its whatevss
hi I think is adorable <3
time to change my dp :'D
Thank you guys ;)
Because it's based on comparison.
Terrific Thursdays <3
And yes ill be sitting outside freebird for 5hours for
We miss you Sudha! #bcb6 is the hashtag, no livestream I'm afraid.
Experience is a comb which nature gives us when we are bald. ~Proverb
Isn't every day #recordstoreday? Sundazed 45s are a little pricey but worth it, beautiful art and liner notes ! Buy them all!!
it's ight
Hot! Where did you find this pic?
YES! I get that way too. Oh so fucking great. It's like he's almost weeping.
Never saw much resemblance between Charlie Sheen and Emilio Estevez, but seeing their dad in "Apocalypse Now" I totally see it
yeah, we def need to work on those projects! You get in touch with those henna girls?
I am terrible luck for the Reds.
I'm all alone and I need you now
I must say I am one loco individual ..sometimes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
"Comment" if you like paying for GATE FEES at tournaments.
Diesel fuel contamination - What it is and how to
Be a team player and PLAY HARD!!!
sure thing! I start next Monday, just FYI. I'll definitely keep y'all posted.
Cops heading to Union Sq with bags of zip cuffs+corrections buses, ready to arrest kids while the real criminals are further downtown
At the MIT Media Lab listening to LinkedIn's founder Reid Hoffman explain "How to Benefit 100 Million People"
I wanna party & bullshitttttttttt
Bands that rocked my face off at #UMS so far, Hoots and Hellmouth, Achille Lauro, and Halden Wofford and The Hi-Beams.
Visit our website www.stardesignsa.com to get started on your new design, business card or website today!
No!! RT : Hey Portland, OR is it snowing like the weathermen say?
LOL! Didn't turn out rt, so I deleted it! It was a body... I was gonna tell you to put some dang clothes on 'for I tell ya mom!
Just as we predicted on the #SundayMorningHangover on , UK will now hold primetime presser announcing NBA decisions.
Motion to start referring to the #Brewers fifth infielder position as "the braunstop."
Face it, who brings in somebody from IDPF to a romance con and then points out panel attendance was low. Duh!
Started #INSANITY this week. Ouch! Determined for the rip. Will let you know if I am still alive next week.
Kay im done. DUECESS
We'll be collecting e-waste at Millersville location Saturday from 9-1 drop off computers, cell phones, iPods, monitors, or mice it's FREE!
Kirk Cameron is unnatural, detrimental and ultimately destructive
Show time tomorrow!
No man or woman who tries to pursue an ideal in his or her own way is without enemies.
. Public unions' ability to perform their purpose quashed by Walker bill. Which was the point. You disagree?
There's an LJS, but the coupon is only good for Red Lobster, and we were at Olive Garden. So...confusing.
lmao I'm clean too :)
haha thats pretty freaking hilarious though.
TODAY IS THE DAY NEW POP SINGLE (TONIGHT) OFFICIAL VIDEO SHOOT AT CLUB NIGHT MOVES AT 7PM TONIGHT SEE YOU THERE!!!!!!!!
#tiip4p Business Acumen sim, bought off the shelf & if emp can't make the relation, they have wrong leaders running the biz
love it :)
Sounds good but what does that mean?
Working on video shoot for just announced MusicMatrix artist, Backstreet Boys Howie D. First single from his debut album. www.howied.com
North Korea...holy shit
So cuando vienes.. Where y'all staying at
Thanks for the follow!
Thank you! We're looking forward to it as well!
that's lmfaoo but she says thankss <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
#ThatDepressingMoment when you get a text from your friend who says he is going to kill himself .....
RT Lean Startup = moving the risk earlier in the startup lifecycle.
Eating rice krispies and drinking some milk. c:
the only thing thats on my mind is im gone leave with somethin
i beg to differ :D
What is your favorite trick/tip for cleaning and working on your bike?
Welcome! RT : San Francisco for the
Ah, but of course!:)
All I want right now is to be in your arms :/ I'm scared & you make me forget.
Great day to live in Indiana's heart. Super Bowl Sunday!!!
I didn't see what he was doing until now. I'm not following that crap.
Building a dashboard for the #god #ruby gem so that I can track my scrappy twitter scrapers. Sometimes it prints "There is no god." Har har.
what's up Cody it's wade from Phoenix
Boyfriend needs to get off work and save me from this boredom.
#fridayreads TRAVELER OF THE CENTURY, THE WHITE ALBUM, THE NEW JIM CROW
Fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world. -Ralph Waldo Emerson via
One last tweet: I want to call Mark Zuckerberg & complain that everyone's profile pictures are pixelated on Facebook!
Like we couldn't tell from those AWESOME graphics they show, Looks like someone who's never used a cpu does those graphics!
i wish could come to Las vegas again and come to my school if they did it would be totaly #Mindless luv u guys Peace&Luv<3
Thanks for your interest! Writing to answer people's most burning questions, if you have any specific ones please let me know!
RIP #BenGazzara. Very Talented actor. He'll be missed.
Tease. How'd it turn out? That piece has been years in the making.
GREEN team Rulz
yeah she lives in wm. we'll swing by and kick it with you for a while. I'm sure she wants to see your puppy. Right, ?
Halfway into ep2 of Analyze and it's like falling in love w/the band all over again. Regardless of what says.
I swear I read about an import process that's out there.. but I can't find any reference to it now.
Off to this morning to see their House & Home exhibit. Can't wait!
Yes UK fans you all need to follow
Thx to Literacy Source for letting us meet their wonderful ELS students (Ethiopian and Serbian immigrants) for our info worlds assignment!
MURFC(1-2) suffered a crushing defeat yesterday at the hands of UW-Platteville(2-1). It will be an uphill battle from here on out.
In about 4 hours the career of RG3 will be over. Smh.
we should book sooner than later obviously. 1 night or two?
Wait. Fifty Shades of Grey isn't about photography!?!?!?!!?
#crowdpitch yesterday was great. So happy to see more of these kind of entrepreneurial activities.
I agree!
Thank god JPP got hurt. Collinsworth can finally talk about something else...
if you don't chew big red then FUCK YOU
Cheers and good morning to you too! Up and at 'em and ready for a productive day! Make it a good one!
#masswomen we spend more time on grocery lists than figuring out what makes us unique and valuable.
By the end of the weekend, third place will be ours
New for warmer weather: iced coffee! check the fridge!
is it still not letting you follow me?
thank you, Lisa!
Love that is pressing #NFLDraft choice names on jerseys as the picks come in
but its only sunday...
Im gonna do so much homework today after school while my boyfriend is at work c:
People have two seconds to get my attention or it's cast into the "to do later" folder! LOL. I can see why people hire agents...
Guess I need to change my twitter profile pic to an actual pic of me. Just one lesson I'm learning from ' TPC class!
Poor !! Somebody needs to give her a BIG #HUG!! :D
#FloridaEchelonSisters Can I just say this is FUCKING amazing! lol! :)
never texted me back da other day o_x
I am in love with he rocked his performance.. Love watching xfactor... Vote for josh!!!
L'amie de ma femme new single
Hey guys:) I can't to enter on instagram right now :P without internet!
only incredibly rich villains own a venus fly-trap.
The company we work for may not have reliable management, but if we work hard and stay dedicated we will have a clear conscience
did you just try to spam me
don't be using fancy words cuz you're a teacher
-- WestBrook Will Fry His Lil Ass , Don't Get Me Wrong CP nice But WestBrook Give Niggas Hell
Drive safely #SanDiego the roads are wet !!
Should the NFL cancel the Pro Bowl? I believe in curses. I think Megatron is screwed too.
Thank goodness for super cute Hunter rain boots or I would be really grumpy this week. Rain again tomorrow? Ugh.
WE Go too DA CLUB!!! we so
Congrats to The #Boston Steal! #1 month ago you changed your 2 yr old twitter acct to 1,200 followers?
I KNOW OMG IM DYING RIGHT NOW i listened to it like 5 times already its on repeat !!! I'm listening to itRightNow!
So I just woke up out my sleep for no reason at all<U+E11A>
your gonna cleanse me of all my mushy lines if you do that
s/o to dude always painting fly shit..From DME
you know, i've actually done that.
[Viral Tip ] Use a video distribution service like TubeMogul to upload your video content to many sites.
June 25, 2009 - the day the 70's died. Rock on, King of Pop. Fare thee well, Angel.
Be on the lookout 4 my latest all #House #EDM mix entitled "I Put My P-JAYs On" Volume 1 on the 25th of this month & every month after!
If you live in Milwaukee or Chicago, you should try to check out Charles Bradley in concert this weekend. Amazing show.
awesome talk and reception with Thanks for supporting such a wonderfully important event
Yes, please! Want to read ALL THE TWEETS.
Stay tuned for more contests from Gordon Pictures.
why do people walk around with bad breath; and they always want to get up in your face. that pisses me off;
putting up a bluebird box in our yard - hope to entice some of those beauties to us!
Congrats to and
Happy Thanksgiving blessings to all.
Sophia Grace and Rosie should not be allowed into Nicki Minaj concerts. Not with what she wears. SEE-THROUGH.
Very very sloppy 1st if spol is a good coach he will have us come out blazin in da 2nd
Yes, borderlands is fun, I wouldn't even try to go much further in rage, doesn't really get better.
Holidays are over. What are the updates in the kidwithdream saga? You will play on the Florida Poker Tournament Tour right?
#BestWaysToGetRidOfAGirl tell her you don't like Justin Bieber or One Direction
: Hello Hello! Auditions coming soon at end of April!!! Lots of good stuff happening! Check out the website www.2ndclasscabaret.com !!!
most brilliant tweet...ever RT : "That's what." - She
Although all states now have identifiable public disclosure policies on #ChildAbuse fatalities, not all have policies re near-fatalities
I'm bartending tonight at Vintage. Come play with me!!
He dared her to make out with a stuffed wolf and shes doing it.
Snow White & The Huntsman...I wanna see that
When you believe the worst about yourself, even the slightest wind can knock you down.
Taking my baby to get her shots. :(
Inconceivable! Someone in CHSS is getting a 45 year service award this year. Mason is living up to its "great place to work" rep.
explain ohio st's little helmet stickers, is that like a gold star
I'm thinking that was the Magic Summer Tour. I could be wrong though.
Calling all musicologists! Look for officers Josh Sternfeld and Elizabeth Arndt at AMS in SF this Thurs-Sat. Consults available!
sweep the Dakota Wizards in the first round of the playoffs! The Jam advance to the semifinals! Final Score 93-91
And if you have a quality message, it<U+FFFD>s never been cheaper to get out
Second breakdown this month .. shit has to change .
happy birthday, bailey (: xx
"'That's what she said'? What does that mean? Who is she?"
#NFLNetwork is awesome Tuesday night television. And I agree, the #Giants got hosed with that schedule.
Holly is a tough act to follow, let me know if you need help with a search for this person. I can help.
#ipadjealousy dittos. Saw a rumor on Mashable today that Verizon network will support the ipad2. Will I wait?
I've seen plenty cute short guys, its just natural to be shorter than the guy...otherwise you get lots of stares lol.
If you’re going to tell someone you love them, then you better live up to those words cause love needs to be shown, not said.
curse that damn I-10 ! Lol
I love you too. <3
I've never seen my Facebook blow up like this. They may be right. And their excitement is clearly working up the age scale.
intel lights and i have a love hate relationship
Front page of USA today: "If something isn't Tweeted, did it really happen?" Lord, have mercy.
Working/shooting in beautiful Belize with the BTB!
And WI loses jobs. ": Corporate republic of Fitzwalkerstan took a big blow today as mining bill goes down 17-16. Thanks to all..."
I do too, follow me to hear all brewers, all the time.
Hmm. Neither boys are super thrilled to see me after a work trip. Better luck with the cats when I get home.
Getting ready to present at Google Doc's Missouri Association of School Librarians
You are so wrong. Bert Blyleven belonged in the Hall years ago.
good morning !
You just got knocked the fuck out!
Pt. 2: so I then picked the 1 coin word, and sent back a drawing of the word LAME. She hated it.
Anarchists? Not outsiders. Occupiers from other cities? Not outsiders. Your major donors? OK, outsiders.
BECUZ U NAURTY NAURTY RT : Oh lord almighty, out of no where, mr simple starts playing in my head & now I can't stop it ;____;
Passion and enthusiasm are ways of life for everything you do, not something done temporarily for an end result. -Zach Marcy
let's get some.
Acid is for bitches real men shoot heroin
people that like to smoke endo love J Crawford
went to the site and the price stated is $9.99 not $2.99. Is there a special code missing?
ya kno I was up at 8 and had some coffee packed up my shit and said hey WWAED (what would aunt Elena do) so I curled the hair
“: To me darkskin boys look better then lightskin boys anybody else agree?” << we appreciate you
so glad you're enjoying it!
Should I go on the market this year? ::Flips a coin::
One Direction <U+2665>
If you didn't know: driving while Black, Brown, high, drunk, tweaking, bar-ed out, leaning, fried or otherwise f*cked up=arrested!7132227577
Thad Matta needs to go roam bourbon street from the looks of him in that interview! SMH man...
clip in extensions have them ? bring them to my studio and attach for 3 months , call is great price?(617)389-1900
Pure bliss <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
lol it's Morgana , but i go by Morgan & yours ?
Never has an episode of #ModernFamily related so much to me...reminds me of when I lost my Bunny!
THE EROTIC CHALLENGE official launch party July 31 in Las Vegas for more details go to www.theeroticchallenge.com or call 310-806-2123
hey what up?
Hungry for the first time all week. Oh man. You don't know how nice it is to enjoy food again. Enjoyed the hell out of a grilled cheese.
I get it in til the sunrise
I had the same problem but a quickie saved the day ;)
Now looking for talented Gospel, R
ik u do xP nobody wants to screw up image we love her
Some of my best memories DJing are in PA. Braddock, Moose Lodge rave, Philly What's yours?
---Word of the Day---"propinquity"---definition: nearness---
get at me
things I noticed this morning: The heart with an 81 in it on my #blackhawks white board. Thanks, !
Just stopped into Loose Leaf Lounge and Lincoln Perk. What's your fave local cafe?
I miss you too! Xavier is doing well! He is growing so fast. You look like you are having so much fun at work. :-)
I feel so bad for the little black twink :(((
BREAKING: Kevin Durant to Portland for Felton, Oden and a Slurpee...No. Just wait untill after deadline people.
I'd pay $1k a month if #Adobe could force all of my vendors to stay current with MY version of CS! Well, my office would pay. I guess.
Napoleon dynamite is the worst movie ever after youve already seen it.
Studies show that the females who shop at Walmart are substantially thicker than the ones who shop at Target
you goin there tonight?
I'm here just come
"An #Aquarius rarely vents their anger, so if u like things rough in the bedroom, you'll love being with an Aquarius. They'll vent on you."
"Sometimes I feel alone & I cry"
LETS GO 49ers!! Send the Giants home where they belong.
Lots of ppl didn't see some of these kids, because they were on 3 separate teams, but guarantee they can all help someone at the next level
what are your thoughts on #peytonhillis as the cover boy for
i thought it was good. watch it and let me know what u think
I'm in love with a sexy beast; <3
what, im being forrrrrreal
RT“: Wow....Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin and now Amy Winehouse.....all died at the age of 27. #tortured#”
Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they will be filled. -Matthew 5:6
Good Morning new followers + :)
Alas, I'll be in Toronto on Friday or I'd hand deliver it. See you in Sept, though, if not before.
especially with those first two picks. Like bill alluded two with them being potential starters
The show Duck Dynasty is amazing. Good, wholesome TV. I wish I could grow a beard like those guys.
Yea I was pretty much smokin hot tonight =p
I just earned the Sharing is Caring badge on #Yelp!
You are the leader that we need in place. We know you will make us proud and find a leader on and off the field. WPS.
Got Professional Production Needs? We have the answer and experience in the CCM industry...www.JSLPRO.com...tell Josh we sent ya!!!
- awesome job in the 10th and 11th last night. Your shrine will be blessed on Monday.
I'll be at -- Does this mean WI will represent? coming down to the event? CC:
Lord, Help us to Understand, Obey and most importantly Trust Your will, even when nothing seems to make sense.
are you at the signing yett?
Julianne Moore did a superb job in portraying Sarah Palin...absolutely breath taking and a top notch performance-
I'm so happy that everybody is really into first finger rings.
awesome. Wish I was there!
Spicy FDLC debate: courses with anytime entrance/exit. Very dubious.
My kid can't think of anything he wants for his birthday. :/ #SignsYouSpoiledHim lol
aww I didn't see it !!!
I haven't heard from you in a while.
As long as she and her Momma are healthy, that's all that matters, right? I'm well, thank you. Got a good night's sleep ready to go
I'm mad at you!!
RT : Fuck. I hate how music reminds you of the past sometimes.
story of my life. I've had one every day this week.
it's about time...
(cont) her is by getting you to say happy birthday to her. Please help me make her 17th birthday a SUPER memorable one!
Love this outfit!
#SometimesIWonder What is Your Love Like
Chick-fil-a chicken on steroids
come by the husdon hotel to the garden 5pm-12 for a good time:)
hey, any excuse for a party!
On my way to a networking event @ Exhib-IT! Should be fun!
Don't forget the best PGH theaters today, for the "Pittsburgh is Art Day of Giving!" Companies like !
i love shes so dang cute! and boy can she move! shes gonna kill it in battlefield! :)
“: Prostitutes in Spain have to wear reflective vests (like highway workers) to reduce accidents.”
Just had lunch at Snarfs with !
Thanks Amanda for promoting :)
Ha, thanks! Just never really painted like that before, mix of stuff I have only played with.
but a paid 1, at least she ain't humping on these burleigh niggas! Lol
Shrimpin' was awesome this year. Sorry it took so long for me to respond
*best city*
A HUGE Disproportionate Representation of the Poor and those with a Disease are in the Juvenile Justice System and Criminal Justice System.
Happy to announce joined twitter! Follow him immediately. Someone who RTs this wins a personal tweet from him! Seriously.
The 1 I had to watch was bunch of talking-heads judges talking abthow not-dull law is. In very measured... calm... DULL tones.
How the hell do u cancel a football game due to snow some of the best games are played in the snow this wouldn't happen in the old NFL
Karl Pilkington is a genius.
You'll be the developer wearing a white carnation, right?
My savior loves my savior lives<3
thought that was TAL (as in teaching as leardership) live for a moment... ha!
oh im sorry :( n taylor swift is so not over-rated i love her :P n britneys tour iss over :'(
isn't he adorable? i've realized my Twitter stream has become almost wholly devoted to his photos! glad you like them though! :)
#fuckdave? Or something else?
Why doesn't anyone mention Iran-Contra anymore? During Reagan administration, Israel and USA sold weapons to Iran.
Plus my #naturalhair is at that weird not short/not long stage. Past my shoulders, but not at my bra strap.
Fantastic. Probably because I use it with finesse.
I'm having extreme nostalgia for Hawaii right now :( take me back.
Hi there R U arab ?!
Hey, you look familiar have I seen you at any Cody Simpson concerts or at the CHOC event?(:
yeah same here
Let us know what you think! RT : thrilled w turnout yesterday would love to hear ur feedback!
great presentation yesterday! I enjoyed really enjoyed it!
I pray a flower pot falls from a window sill and knocks you in the head like I'd like too .
About to head into a publishing meeting looking at some possible 2013 titles. A nice mix of periods and subjects proposed!
Happy Birthday 2 One of the best 2 play at UK!! THE KING
what's bringing you out??
M... Yummy, thick dick.
he's Also ridiculously good at picking his spots to make throws into tight coverage.
Just rcv'd a press release that includes the phrase "consumers in Times Square are currently being surprised." Accurate, of course.
RT : Automotically generate a hyperlink to any location named on the pin to Google Maps
Just hanging out enjoying this evening ! Work hard and you can have whatever you like !
BEST WISHES TO: : "Tomorrow's the day!! All of NJ is gonna see a #shirtless Fabio soon!! Lmao”
9:45 tip on Friday. We may need to throw down on a portable tv.
As an able-bodied woman, a flight of stairs is just another choice of getting somewhere like a bathroom.
" Thinking "... That's all I've been doing lately...
How is Thursday? I'm in Boston earlier on the week. I want to run some fundraising ideas past you too. Mutually beneficial of course
The boy signed to management.
Making social issues entertaining--homelessness in Darkness Descendngthru fiction, interacitivity on web
granny's?
Im here
Not sure how Ron Paul is gonna help the Clippers but at least he's finally getting media attention. Oh, that's Chris Paul, ever mind...
okay alright but that movie was really nice!
tell them you have a new strain of the H1N1 called "bass flu" and take a sick leave
lol very soon my sisters trust :)
#FYICraftBeerLovers We will have the SUPER rare limited release brew, Curmudgeon’s Better Half, in bottles tomorrow!
but before you do that, can you make a hardcopy printout of the internet and have it on my desk before lunch?
I'm missing my PTY peeps. Jennifer Guignard Pitts Jay Watson Ashley Thomas David Dunn. See you guys bright and early tomorrow!
If someone hates you for no reason, you give that motherf*cker a reason.
That news kinda sucked. Hopin it cud still change
Happy to see PR Daily rank PR as the #1 Journalism Job, though SorryiIt Comes at the Demise of Newspaper Reporting (#184).
This year's #Oscars include an anal rape scene just to remind us of how painful they were to watch.
Great talking to you this am, John. Looking forward to connecting you to our social athlete icons that are content innovators!
Connect quatro with the little cousin
Congrats to my friend Cory Hardrict! Go see his new movie Battle LA! Will see him & lovely wife Tia tonite at the private screening!
now I'm wack lol. Enjoy minimum wage and community college:)
Don't let your mouth overload your ass
Ow. Must've hurt. And you are so fancy you changed your profile picture
your welcome!! So great to meet u! Can't wait to see u again :)
Im attached to nothing
you should talk to her.
Stick taps to the folks running the Twitter--they are extremely entertaining!
Mature, girlfriend.
Just landed in Charilette..
Cersei should read that NYT article about raising a psychopath.
glad to know you are interested....stay in touch i will be sending you a DM very soon
Do you have a record collection to sell? We pay top prices for mint condition LP records E:
I just had the weirdest dream ever, but Justin was in it <3
Headache from hell. Goodnight.
you like my serious face? Lol
thank you!! i appreciate all the interactions we get to have and hopefully still get to have :)
congratulations on your new website. It is beautiful!
#TheRiver reminds me of the Blair Witch Project, but with more water.
Lucroy plunked by the #Cardinals McClellan.
Hey, I'm around 635 and Midway. Where are you at? I've got a gig in Austin on March 19.
What is the Timeline for DPN? If critical support of University Presidents, 18-24 months for prototype - J.Hilton,
Makes me mad when people re tweet a tweet and they don't even know what it's really about........
I've been working all day just tuned into the Cavs game did we sign a big man yet?
how was your day x
Not a bad idea. What did you fry them in?
Ugh - stupidity.
Hip hop and LA riots
teams picked randomly? Or do I need to begin my selection process
A car’s frame is the platform that everything else rests on.
January 21, 2012. The day college football died.
Hope you enjoyed Nightmare City. you need to watch it too.
What a gorgeous day! The sun is out and the weather is just beautiful! Orlando is the place to be! just loving it! :-)
Nothing really matters today besides is 21!!!
Raise your game
Well I am a fan of yours and a lot of people are just jealous they can't be on the show.
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 64
#UC2017 RT : At the UC admissions info session with my little brother and they mentioned the UC quidditch club
I may or may not have switched on Twilight in Spanish on Telemundo for shits and giggles. Hilarious.
ah yes, barney frank, the standard of all that is right with the world. Try finding a better hero friend.
I never really know either haha! I would love to meet up though if you're out and about! I'm super entertaining! Whatcha think?
had to dodge bullets to get home from trying to work and motivate everyone i dont need street cred! im a survivor everyday
Going to start presenting myself as a 52-yr-old or something. All this "kids today," "Millenials," etc., nonsense is getting me down.
: help keep you on this show full time. Crimial Minds just isn't the same without out you one of our favorite ladies.
Gdmorning #friend!!! Happy friday!!! :)
Try the 'Double-Double Dog Dare Challenge' sandwich! John 'Big Bird' Stange took only 15 minutes 21 seconds! You're up next!
you're pretty(:
NAH you corny
I went to the Muskogee Chili Cook-off today and am happy to report that nothing much has changed.
RT Air_Esquire Stuntin what we bout money what we bout double em gee out
It is great for so many reasons, especially the delicious Reese pieces cookies I discovered. Yummy!
you stay in Chicago?
Cheer tryouts today with We worked hard all week. I'm so excited :-)
This rainy spring is encouraging me to sleep all day and work at night.
absolutely! Hope you're having a great day!
I want to go to NOLA and watch my Cats play... And yes to party as well with my fellow Big Blue Nation!
we were but just won the losers bracket final. The team were playing now hasn't lost yet so we have to beat them twice
Just added to the #WFX expo floor Digital Audio Labs
Agent loves my revisions. Now on to the editors! The anticipation may kill me so I think I need a distraction. Girl Scout cookies anyone?
I hope you got one of those shirts for yourself.
haha it was just an inside joke between hannah and I..doesnt really mean anything, its just funny seeing peoples reactions :D
Cats finally get their own section at Lofty Dog. Help us name it so we can order banners. Keep it clean, people!
thanks for following me!!:)
I super love you :)
VERY COOL!
Sweet last night in Roanoke!!
“Sometimes going too far is the only way to go."
More from book on dog breeds: Cardigan Welsh Corgi. "Loves dressing up in sweaters & ecstatic with harsh discipline." Not ?
Dang you Beauty Brands and your 20% off/free shipping! It's like you knew I wanted a wand...
Madison's: where Wilson's Leather still thrives.
omg I'm goong to buy it!!<21
put on such a good show tonight that I just planned a last minute roadtrip to go see him tmrw in phoenix.
#ff Follow or risk our involvement in your deportation.
seems awfully bent out out shape about 8; just wait til he takes 9 in the face!
Glad to connect!
no doubt. we gotta get back up its been too long
thank you thank you!!!
I swear im always on the phone!
Final tweet of the night we tried to get #SwaggyB trending but CC is just a legend in Bmore not an intl player
RT : We're here at a very interesting time--changes in journalism akin to invention of printing press says John Glenn
I never cease to be amazed at your generosity and giving nature.
I won't don't worry! :)
a friend of yours is a friend of mine. Hello !
Who R U 2 tell me how to conduct myself? Why dont U practice safe sex and go FUCK your self!...please and thanks...now back to being a lady
"LIKE" if you're going to the South Side Irish St. Patrick's Day Parade! (We're opening at 10am on Sunday)
Comedic homecoming to domestic nightmare (and it was once just a dream): brilliant!
#MittRomneyFilms The Job Terminator
Thank you for posting the video of James Franco singing "love you like a love song." I listen to it and I'm
Online search has replaced family tradition as the source for recipes, & nearly half of consumers turn to social networks 2 learn about food
HAPPY BRTHDAY HANNAH I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! <3 x
Mr sister LOVES cats but she's allergic... RT stephaniekettle: people who are allergic to cats can still like them.
this child up early movin around
In a democracy, you need access to the vote to be free. In a capitalist economy, you need access to capital to be truly free.
thanks babe! Love you too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Straight up out the Rarri Nigga
Finally got salsapalooza online after an all nightie. Still not fully functional yet. Nations largest food, wine & Salsa music Festival.
Please stop by my page and check out the new, monthly "Fan Feature."
WTF! I got the chicken pox..lmao
“: 40-16? Wow. Detroit is worse than their economy.” Worse then the smell ?
RT : JCDL2012 will be in Washington DC; JCDL2013 will be in Indianapolis
wish i had real followers not randoms fake spambot
#NF === === she sexy AF on me everybody follow up asap tho
so tired and it's barely 9
My kitty is so cute.
Today is Good Riddance Day. What bad thing from this year do you want to leave behind? (From WXYZ Detroit)
a "rat king".
"Apple New Haven store? Multiple sources reporting itll be Sept 24th" After reviewing site, doesn't seem possible.
No me gusta the feeling of loneliness and sadness:(
Follow me Scream for the iPhone 5
not saying richardson isnt going to be good but I personally don't feel that no other teams will be willing to give that much for3
Props to the young bartender who admitted he's not good at making a martini. Glass of wine it is!
No right way to find a statute--legal databases, im a friend, library, google. v. memorable slide of fake im session.
Shave the beard or keep it?
Good Morning Good People... Getting Ready For Church.. Enjoy and Always Remember P.U.S.H.
No amount of money can make me.
#idontknowbut I think I maybe fallin’ for you, dropping so quickly, maybe I should keep this to myself.
hopefully this starts trending
Aww, congrats!! That's so awesome!
My shrimp tasted like Ooooooppppsssss!!! Somebody knocked the seasoning over in it...
We want to know, as well...
Since AA is a "people" the #GOP way is to send them to tne gutter.
picks madonna over Good choice. :D
IronLady costume is Awesome-sauce
nothin, I was just wonderin b
You're welcome! Have a great weekend.
#itshardwhen yu know yu cant be with someone cause yur only gonna hurt them
Oh, Michele's laugh is CREEPY.
FB is a great way to create "One Firm" across multi-office operation
Hello twitter ;)
Thank u so much, you're very sweet! xoxo
what pornbot doesn't want to follow the founding member of the strip club caucus
Breaking: A Pre-Cancerous Mole will free itself from Jimmy Fallon in a controversial operation on crazy-ass Dr. Oz
Damn near had to drop a dude after we got the W!
About to go on KOGO and the Ladonna Harvey show to talk about our office's filing of public corruption charges in the South Bay.
Will do!
rumors are rumors. you're cool with me until you personally do me dirty.
Two more exams!!!
We are looking into an ECIT twitter. The age old question of who would be tweeting needs to be answered. Many or a few?
"That coleslaw looks quite ferocious!"
The feeling u get when u DECIDE to make it a great day no matter what is amazing!!
Q4: How can we modernize our health care system?
My new mini CD is now available for purchase in Poughkeepsie NY and Newburgh NY. It will be available soon on Itunes, CD Baby, and others
Also email me your new address.
Stu Pomeranz! 17 inning game yesterday, Matusz pitching today and we're conserving the pen. Would love a win but I'll absolutely take this.
good morin' fam:) another sunny day in beautiful arizona.. come threw nwc boutique at the fiesta mall fellas we got rogue status at $28
Joe, we're a local biz- follow local people, local connections. Your location says Colorado Springs. We'll be happy to disconnect.
On my way to practice
Thor Hansen will play the Norwegian Championship of poker in Dublin. I guess I will have to go as well then! My goal is to be HU with Thor!
Officially one week till move in day...I'm gettin super #excited :)
A person can be highly educated, professionally successful and financially illiterate.
"Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game."
I RT'd everything that made sense about the game of basketball. lol
Life=meat,marbleized w/ fat.If u leave too much fat on u will have a lot of drama in ur life.If u take too much off u will have a sad life.
SERIOUSLLYY THOUGH WHAT IS IAN'S BODY OMG
UGA women's gymnastics vs Auburn tonight at Stegeman Coliseum, an awesome Bypass venue! Did you know UGA gymnasticas has won 10 NCAA titles?
I hate seeing my sister cry over this
I'm seriously gonna collect money so I could get a new phone -_- good luck to me
hey every one ,JCWESTERN, is having HUGE SALE in both stores call for more info on are 50%OFF SALE at 561-748-8801will ship any where in USA
Korg Radias. Awesome. And a total beast to program. I THINK it's good for me, though - and it sounds amazing.
another amazing night with the Q at . wow. second set was superlative.
Me laying down crying about my tummy askin my sister to give me meds .. She said "get it urself bitch, I'm playin dolls!" Like realy !?
Good going Wisconsin!
Never find a love like this... I love her voice. Natasha Beddingfill
Just learned a Chai Soy latte with a shot of espresso is called a
Everything looks amazing! Here's to another great year of beautiful weddings.
Only my dumb ass would shave my face,lolololol.
you guys are so lame
Did a test shot of Bully's in hdr. Looked so good were going to do another shoot.
happy that we are starting to see some Justice for Trayvon.
justin doesnt even know that that viddy literally made my freaking week, finals seem so irrelevant now lol
Need recommendations for good WP video plugin. Client wants video from YouTube to show on page, not just link. Recommendations?
Omg after one of the practices coming up I want to go shopping for outfits with you guys! ^_^
At the session on collaboration between #archives, libraries, and museums-- will be presenting.
"Take it or leave it." - NICOLE MILANO
If not, I'm just gonna listen to Radiohead and do my homework.
#TheLakers aren't beating the , they are beating themselves. Come on boys pick it up! I know you can play better than this!!
ha! damn..well i go home so I'm deff not gonna go eitha:/ merp!
If it's important to you, you will find a way. If it's not important to you, you will find an excuse.
two weeks of class left
Had a fantastic time at today. Met , Dr. Jones and Dean Foote. Thank you so much for the hospitality!
Paul is all over today's update! I love my little Mac whore :)
random act of kindness at lady in drive through paid for my coffee & turned my whole morning around! Happy Friday!
Saturday Night Live is kinda funny, and the basketball highlights are full of dunks - have I gone back in time 20 years without noticing?
second one, red
so sick :( I know I'm not supposed to have alcohol but I put a capful in my drink and I'm in so much pain. I'm 21, but never having..
Happy Birthday! 13 is such a lucky number!
I love my Mavs but Shawn AZ Marion's shot is ugly as fuck.
thanks for following me! What are you working on this week?
#NP Dance For You - Beyonce.... If I had a man, I'd dance for him to this song.
Understanding Local Optimization to Improve Your Search Rank
nicole text me back baby
Audition tomorrow.
y'all lost and ARE gonna loose Monday
The SD medical examiner has determined Junior Seau's death was a result of a self-inflicted gun shot wound to the chest.
we are excited for the Houzz tour photoshoot on Friday too!!!!
Anyonw i will take we need to win no one gonna give us win in our hand
Adventure time is on...&i gotta go do my homework.. But.. I'm on twitter...
And with that I retire to dinner and fun with my boy trying to forget this pitiful performance.
If her personality comes through in her books, I've really been missing out by not reading Karin Slaughter. Fixing that soon
and that was rare....especially against Michigan...I hope you enjoyed last season b/c it's not going to happen soon
Going to see Titanic tonight! (:
The person who seeks all their applause from outside has their happiness in another’s keeping – Claudius Claudianus
The Trap just got voted the most likely bar in #sacramento to have a camera in the bathroom.
Oh god. Backwards hat.
Patrick Elias is trending.. It's Patrik Elias though..
Gene, no more Flynn Fund donations from me until you Fire Spaz. Everyone Retweet!
Thank you for the review Debbi! That was a nice surprise!
Why the fuxk can't I sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Life is short,live it. Love is rare,grab it. Anger is bad, dump it. Fear is awful, face it. Memories are sweet, cherish it
I agree can't remember the last time I slept till 8
I am truly amazed at the amount of energy at #cis2011. It's difficult to imagine there not being a breakthrough in identity in a few years.
that was a tough race against dixon, better luck next week! all the fans in Jersey and NY are routing for you!!
2-4-23-38-46 & 23 and unless you live in Maryland or Illinois or Kansas, go to work!!
congrats! We're big fans. The Denog is featured often in our chocolate pairing class. Cheers!
Although, if Alan Pakula spoke at your college graduation, you get an extra point. (So, actually, I have 2 points.)
Between Sunday's & tonite's - former Lehman Bros CEO Dick Fuld starring as this week's remember-this-villain?
Sun + temporary tattoo left a brand on the back of my neck. Coworkers pointed it out to me today. SO CLASSY.
Dirk Knemeyer #tedxcolumbus - mixed crowd reaction to compelling talk. One or two 1%-ers in the audience?
Dont worry, be happy
- Hahaha. Maybe not a heart attack. You just probably won't eat for 3 days. Hahahaha. :P
New site up but not complete yet. We'll be constantly updating and adding to it in the coming weeks.
or is it really #champagne in a Dunkin cup?
We will be giving away some product tonight at Tickle Me Tuesdays hosted by at the Parlor in Bellevue. C u there
if my fucking power doesnt go out, for sure.. Lol
We'd support that!
baby girl.u shock me.liken an electric eel
Thanks for mentioning me in your tweet
Why do girls take pictures of them in dressing rooms in clothes they're trying on, I find that weird sorry.
When life gives you skittles, throw them at people and yell, Taste the freakin' rainbow!
The two best things about #gradschool 1. We are all nerds and 2. Drinking after class.
Today on B Organic with Michele Beschen, makes a delish dish with some native weeds common to most backyards. 12p on MPTV 36.
Good Morning Handsome :)
That sould be me :')
I believe outing people is morally wrong. But sometimes I just want to whine at public figures to just please get a move on.
Thanks bud - that would be and . Jenn will be playing The Bike Race with me at this year!
May's word is #IMPETUS. The force or energy or momentum with which a body moves. The force that makes smthng happen or happen more quickly.
Jem & the Holograms hologram will be performing at Coachella next year
Totally agree, I'm watching ESPN now an they're still talking about the Saints. UNBELIEVABLE!!!!!!
you shouldve seen Sandorf after school today, he looked delicious. I tried to take a picture but it was way to obvious haha
-IF YOU SEXY nd YOU KNOW IT nd YOU AINT AFRAID TO SHOW IT, PUT A CANDLE ON MY BACK, BABY nd BLOW!! BLOW IT!!
I have way too many fliers on my coffee table, in my purse and backpack, and on my fridge.
excited for your class tonight, James :). Let us know how it goes!
Thanks to for the Wine Riot shout out in ! We're looking forward to your thirsty a-game.
dumb. Road head G. Make it happen
felger's a hand job!!!
God Damn I love the song 'Ball and Chain.' And I especially love hearing it at the East Side Deli.
ah yes
love you shelbi
and yeah. cody loves his fans. ive gotten to meet him so many times, he MIGHT come out.
I have a good feeling I was not speaking on Java or Javascript
": Those moments when you just suddenly burst into tears... releasing the pain you've held since the past few days."
. I'm laying on the floor...........now you know damn well that you don't give a shit.
“: : Sending you well wishes for a great #BabyBashBling event today!” the expo is in two weeks 5/19 :)
this is my last chance & i'm ready to shoot.(:
I might have someone for you. I have some ? for you. What is your number or can you call me @ 414-271-5373 Thanks Steve.
Philip Dawkin's costumes for Boojum are quite simply GENIUS!
Another beautiful Florock Monday!
Turn on my old phone and theres all our old convos :)
#latin of the day - Quod nesciunt eos non interficiet. - "What they do not know won't kill them."
"Political abuses will not go unchecked"
Penske Racing President Tim Cindric is now on Twitter. Follow him Welcome TC! Good luck this month and see you
When getting a rescue dog be aware that the training will be a process, not a quick fix
ALOHA FRIDAY - 1st drink half price for anyone wearing a Hawaiian shirt. Aloha Coolers only $4. today 4-8 pm
“Myself” refers back to the subject: “I’m typing this tweet myself.” It’s not a substitute for “I” or “me.”
German Automotive Enthusiast » Blog Archive » 1992 BMW Dinan3- 1992 bmw parts
I do like #dancemomsmiami but it won't ever compare to the original #dancemoms!(:
I Heart ! Great customer service and awesome site for SEO and market research
- oh, come on! Lighten up! LOL
What we can do for another is the test of powers; what we can suffer is the test of love. - Brooke Foss Westcott
RT : Isn't it about time for us to find out all hand sanitizers cause cancer?#it'scoming
I wonder if my mom knows how to text
#ff an awesome group spreading the love! friends of ours our band! Help us get followed!
Here in LA for the
#worstfeeling : when olivia is stupid and weird and she looks like sideshowbob.
You're awesome.I'm tweeting what you once said that stuck to me.Hope all is well take care.Congrats.God bless.
Northrop is so good at genre clarification. The anatomy of criticism has not made me write better, but is fabulously orderly.
we have a new song: rain sleet snow or hail, justin never fails :D yes it all started by Pilar&Daniella Bieber :D it will catch on.
Nice. :) I think my stubborness comes less from my desire for spring, and more from my desire for a small electric bill lol.
your wish is my command.
Never cease in being a positive #rolemodel, #leader, and guide for others.
Not sure who is funnier - or
Another day @ the office is done. Back at it in the am. Gotta love Kansas City
#L1CyaThere Oh, Matt Jones. Always startin' trouble with fans. Troublemaker, point blank, period.
Good Morning... Happy Thurday. :)
Socialism: What you see is what you get. Capitalism: I can get that for you. It's that simple.
awl, you are too cute!!
I'm excited for you although I can't go, I'll always be here to support you. Love you Austin :D
; I don't mind not being able to talk to my boy for a few weeks.. I mean, what's a few weeks out of forever? (: <3
There's still time to enter the "Negate Hate" poster exhibit. We'll be accepting entries until Sunday; it's open to grades 6-8.
RT : Key advice from : Go out and own your success. Take credit for what you’ve done; don’t shy away from it.
Haha not necessarily it just depends on the person. lol
Patron wanted the poem with the line "If each hair on my head had 200 tongues" by either Rumi or Hafiz.
Make it Wings Over and I'm in haha !
and over and over and over and over and overand over and over and over and over and overand over and over and over
“: REUNITED & IT FEELS SO GOD! ” Yes! Hahaha
Fordham V Iona > Yankees V Red Sox so excited for today
"Economic policy: we’re doing it wrong." - Seriously? Austerity? It's making a bad situation horrific. Government Jobs Are.
Is the best. Not just at golf, but in general.
<U+266A>All of the Lights<U+266A>
Audition accomplished -George W Bush on tonight's aircraft carrier edition of American Idol.
yep, good to see a little pushback!
Kings owners 'optimistic' about new arena
Student: I'm grateful to be born the year of the Internet.
#bandsilove - New Order.
Ugh I don't even feel like taking a shower. I Just wanna go back to sleep for an hour.
follow me?
you guess you are?? Okay I'll remember that :)
may have more luck asking individual schools about their responsibilities when kids opt out
Take a chance roll the dice.. money can't buy ya love cuz its over priced
About to see the at the exit in...pretty excited
We'd like to welcome Kimberly Noonan, CPA to the firm. She will be a great addition to the R. Lawrence Meck & Co., CPAs team!
Through the years I have had cancer, back problems, & the list goes on- But I was determined 2 find that place with God Continued next tweet
Goodnite tweeters. Sweet dreams
Its Friday! Sun is shining, roads are dry, winds are high… 2 out of 3 ain't bad, so get on your bike!
just watched ur battle round. Amazing job! I soo need a dress like that! Where'd u find it? :) *muah*
Get out your guns, it's time to start a fight.
Locked myself out of the house this morning. Happy Monday!
They're only covering her hermaphrozones.
RT MATH: mental abuse to humans.
You have got to continue to grow or you are just like last nights cornbread stale and dry." ~ Loretta Lynn
so I got an email saying that if I miss one class I lose like a whole grade almost. I seriously wanna just drop this class before I start it
why aren't u publishing?!?
I should probably go to bed soon... nahh.
We'll I gotta go it's freakin 12:18 am and I'm going to Philadelphia today.
So open access journal publishing has made some (limited) headway against deals that don't benefit readers, writers or funders.... (1/2)
Will check it out! <3
Earl Scruggs has passed. This saddens me.
I need sum M©kin headphones
I just can't get along with people anymore that aren't open-minded
Celeb deal #tweens #PrettyLittleLiars #OctFC RT : It's official!!! I'm the new spokesperson for Pantene Nature Fusion!
I sure hope so. Otherwise life be...just...ruined.
People come and people go...people also pass out while having anal sex...
How long has it been since your business has been in the news? You know you're newsworthy--let TPS get you in print or pixels.
Happy Tuesday! Hope your day is filled smiles :)
thank u for the heads up! Is this for the dance party? 'cos I got it & am getting my dancing shoes ready!!!
if i get a ticket. Im going to marion's tho. Are you?
Somebody came at you wrong?
Go bearcats! Come in to island frydays and show your support we will be showing the game today as well as jerk!
get a new dentist
Geno leads the league in scoring and #Johntortorella leads the league in crying about it.
Tim and Tristyn- making situations awkward for those who dont know their inside jokes since 2010!
Thanks for sending Andre.
It cannot be emphasized enough, how well you listen to your customer determines your success. #sales #service SeanLetwat
Fucking throwing it
right on
Great show at Hillary's today! CAbi clothes are perfect for Atlanta weather.
Had a personal trainer session today. The real winner here is The Boy who gets lots of extra TV time so I can die in peace.
Let's see if we can come by some proof on this! Nicely Done!
dead or famous.
Love the owner of "I'll Have Another" wears a Santa Anita Park hat to Churchill Downs. That's a bit of a middle finger to CD or no?
is this show on Whitney really necessary? You guys did a great job today and now this! Let #Whitney rest in peace, please!
Street Beauty Entertainment.....Be Beautiful,Black,and Sexy! At all times!!!
*INCREDIBLE NEW YEAR'S DAY SPECIALS SO HURRY IN TODAY* Please note that only the Mission Valley Location is open today from 10a-6p!
I know rite? Now I am so hungry...good thing I am going to lunch in a few ;)
So excited for this impromptu trip
Is anybody else tired of hearing about the Bounty situation in the NFL? Are you that naive to think it has never happened before?
And : We missed the DNC/fairywoman mojos on the path
playing COD with my niggs!
What a beautiful day in the Chi it is! <U+2600>
Shit son, im the shit what is you! Haha cocky sucka.. I hate mf who think their the shit but average & boast. Im the shit & superior shhh
You guys don't even care xD
wow leave the ppl alone...
follow me! Iraq war vet on a mission to bring X-Sports to the masses in Houston. Would be honored to network with you guys.
Up all nite tryna touch these bands!
I Love How One Day I Can Be The Most Flexible Person In The World...Then Days Like This When I Can't Even Touch My Toes Without It Hurting<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Great Caribbean Vacations (Land Only). I can also package this with airfare. Contact me to book.
instead you get to hang out with me!
thanks for the love! We have quite a few stores around Austin!
Hey, actors! Headshot photoshopping. Who's got someone good that isn't too expensive?
I can scarcely imagine anything more disagreeable, Fields
was a good one last night. I love this show.
hey tweet again to change that number to 9667! scary <U+2639>
i made a gifboom of you. its so funny. kinda creepy to .lolol
Getting my hairs did right now. Sick of this dark shit. More bleach please.
We always love hearing how good the food is! RT : It was Delicious!!! : )
I showed an “emotobook” to Shannon not too long ago and she kept flipping to the abstract emotional art. I think I got her hooked. LOL!
Hey - The Dollys tonight at Crooked Pint Ale House, 9pm, $5 cover. Come out!!
Excited for tomorrow! Meet me at the "Get Hired" Bar. Come by & introduce yourself!
Anyone else cry while watching from last week? Am I just a big baby?
Guest I chill out
That was great I needed that dadee lol #nastytweet!
Heeeeeeyyyyy what's good
LETS GO KNICKS
So glad I live in this century and not past centuries. This one is way better than say, the eleventh century.
Morning meeting at Top Pot on Queen Anne. I didn't know there was a Top Pot on Queen Anne until now. My life has just changed.
Having trouble registering. Is there a secret? Won't submit form. Eek!
dude I was there in spirit repping
Was reading a script but then my laptop died
Looking for crew for music video shooting in San Diego in the next few weeks. Interested? Contact me.
The ears are an often-neglected part of the body that can be the site of intense pleasure for her. sextip
ADD J RIMES ON FACE BOOK FOR MUSIC UPDATES @ JAY RIMES
Fuck what people think. We claimed dominance of the entire Internet once surpassing 500 followers on Twitter. We are Skynet.
We have the best bartenders ever <3 and the saying goes "beer me turtles!"
Heading to my CEOs farm for the rest of the day to ride 4 wheelers and BBQ. How are u spending your day?
I'm calling it right now... is going to kick ass!! So proud of my man ! Just left the set... this show is gonna be
ashley is pathetic
Thank you to Liz Reyes and the WVUE Fox News 8 team for having us on the noon broadcast. We appreciate you!!
my pleasure :)
Heading to location 3 with for the 48 Hour Challenge. Awsome cast and crew!!!
Soup's on! Chili, Broccoli Cheddar, Creamy Chicken Vegetable and Baja! Come over!
the next time you have a lil J/o I expect video.
nothing. High school is so Ughh . Lol what about you?
thank you! can't believe i'll be sharing my birthday with her:) leaving for hospital now!
Prosody was so honored to be on the same stage as ..... Definitely an inspiration to our band!!!!! Thanks man!!!!
This flu is ripping through the family. Last member today to get it is daughter. Glad it is a quick one!
I love driving around Scottsdale in my filthy truck. Feels like I'm snubbing my nose at all these plastic people.
Yo! BADGER PASS SKI AREA TO OPEN THURSDAY, JANUARY 26 recent snow storms dropped more than 24 inches of snow!! yay!!
who are you? R u perfect? I never met a perfect human B4 or one that knows what God REALLY said. My God LOVES EVERYONE!
No problem, and we will be featuring a new item for the next 2 weeks on here with many more healthy options for your members!
Always use moisturizers with SPF to reduce the risk of excessive sun damage
Standard baseplates are fitted to every upright to provide a smooth bearing surface for the upright and spread the
DAMN BACK & FORTH. THIS IS PLAYOFF BASKETBALL!
sup people
I never did either I thought it was stupid and I still do.
A wise man once told me, "Once you go half black, you only go back half of the time."
I'm not sure why Gingrich winning SC (just north of GA) is more significant than Romney winning NH (just north of MA).
Good, it's one of my favorite sandwiches already!
Happy birthday !!!!
#HealthTip Load up on Vitamin C and Quercitin for about a month prior to allergy season - both are natural antihistamines
“: It's not telling you how I feel that scares me it's what you'll say back.”
iTunes? really? I wonder who is putting it there.
If you #Follow me, please follow my other Twitter for all the latest updates on all things
#20ThingsAboutMe I'm honest about most everything.
a lot of people said I am me could have won with her
Local is 15+ min latte opening today. No sign of anyone. Guess I'll have to find somewhere else to get my haircut today. Bummer!
RT : A5 When the food services director gave me a tour and introduced me to staff. Broke the ice!
IKR?! Me too! But at least I'm not the only one that does it! Lol
Hey Chief! Thanks for following. Its always cool to get feedback from other military members.
Just woke up (its 6:30am) about to get ready for school....IM SLEEPY!!!!
#EBUS118 They look good on my end.
That's totally the worst part. He was directly in my sight.
#FollowFriday. Some of my beloved peeps
Hi Zenaida - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Wow, you've got the food knowledge - awesome!
That's amazing! Have you listen to all of their music?
When the police begin arresting #OccupyLA protesters, I think what important is that “the market spin around culture”
Let's get it Travis Henry's Kidzzzz
GET IT GIRL! That's gonna be a sick show! Now I wish I still lived in San Diego!
you know you're in fountain square when strangers compliment each other on their mustaches.
And Mark Halperin is a real dick too!
leave me alone you stalk my life
everyone go follow . he only needs 8 more followers until 300. i wont stop tweeting until he gets there.
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 44
so, everythings back to normal..
Painful? RT: : nothin like that just waxed armpit feeling
Slut: I don't have anything left to do! Nerd: You mean..."Anyone"
Sorry to hear. Rest up and hydrate.
getting on a plane to do my run in Central Park by mid-morn!
I know imma drop a couple tears today.
see you Friday in Denver.
We need 4 NEW MODELS for a NEW BANNER...could YOU be the NEW MODEL? Inquiries are welcomed..FUNKKy BLACKK© is geared up! Sistaz where ya at?
Not sure about "every" creator, but it does seem weird that theaters feel silent on the subjet
awesome, thanks much; had lots of help, present company included :)
Two tips for faster jogging (1) hot girl in front of you; (2) creepy dude behind you
Why did I poo in the woods today
Headed for to check out !!
Jerks! You're almost done though. You can do it!
no its mothers day tomarrow
James Harden might try to get Metta Ron World or whoever he is!!
#OneThingILove feel good music
First Libya. Is Syria next? We can not afford this.
The zombies come out at nite! Lol!
Ok They Are Your Babies Except MY Nicholicious And Vinny.
It's gotta' be Ladd my friend. What do you think?
i love you, tiger balm.
Rollie Fingers just passed by. He was silent, but his #stache said hi.
Day 2 of the new plants existence at the sales office. He looks terrified.
Lol, I'm not sure what that is, but I'll see tomorrow :)
LATOYA tweeted to #fb thanks for the support toya
Change should come from a creative ideation process- Gsa's Dave McClure
I've been on the phone with Time Warner Cable for over 2 hours trying to figure out why people are not receiving my emails. Frustrating!
Aww I'm sorry!
Lazy day at work and Bob will be arriving this evening.
You can still get 50% off at Tulip Mediterranean - great food and atmosphere! www.crowdclick.com
Hello Memphis!
Twitter 'Share a link' button doesn't work correctly. I got 6 'ghost' shares on my website.
god . we need to start hanging out like you live so close to mee! and yu act like i got coodies or something lol
I like how you're kickin' the science...Maybe if you worked in Avogadro's Number or Goldbach's Conjecture next.
MAKE THESE!
If we don't win the ESPN game day commercial...I'm finding all the 2%ers who didn't vote & shipping them all to lubbock.
I know Aflalo is a shooting guard, but tonight I just want him to be a Making Guard.
Wow, I wish. My roundhouse ain't what it used to be. :)
Can't wait to visit on Thursday to try out their new vegan options!
The HS games I saw today were more exciting than this NETS vs. SPURS game. Bo
Wearing red jeans today. They make me feel extra sassy. I like it.
When you realize your supreme Self your ignorance is instantaneously destroyed. Your individuality dissolves...
HS too, I think. RT : They didn't physically play against each other, but Andrew Luck was 0 for Darron Thomas in college.
lmao. Ok. All right now..
Time for workk.
I'll ask later today and get it to you.
Haha #FamilyGuy is doing a #RedBull episode! So exciting!
Ha! Hope all is well Wesley!
Jeans and a sweatshirt... or try and look cute...
I just want my own room and my own house back.
thanks for the #ff shout out!
S/O to the extra strange numbers hittin me on the text from grabbin my cards at MIX lastnight LOL!
#EliManning #SNL is solid so far.
Women's Rock&Rebublic jeans $129 on a short promo on selected styles, sizes are going fast.
Working on product design and marketing.
RT You know this is solely about the act of booing an injured player. I don't care what you think about team.
Which birds steal soap from the bath ? Robber ducks !
My hair just got fucked up
Hey everyone, can you do me a favor and follow my other site and when I get back I'll follow back, if you ask.
ooh good ones! thank you!
maybe playing in the nba playoffs would be better right?
aye we finna have to do it at the end of aug
Argh.......moral of today: Stay on the roseroot. I just can't think when I am having an episode.
well I am your personal assistant :)
I have two teams when they play I lean slightly to the rockets. #thunder/rocketstillidie
Thanks 4 all the orders placed today! Stop putting off your health & let me put together a personalized health program for u. Call/email/DM
Whenever you would like feel free to contact us & we'll call you at a time that works for you
Let's go cruising! Are you a or kind of driver?
Back at MADESTAR headquarters,
": People get bored & make up things to say.. #LIARS Just get your lies STR8.. Make them sound REALISTIC !"
I agree. And we need to get that misogynist Ed Schultz off the air, too. Keep up the good fight
See/Hear/Experience Pennsylvania Avenue aka Mainstreet USA on a Free historical walking tour with us this wknd! Friday & Sunday at 2pm!
#BIGGESTturnon How heavy she breathes when I kiss down her stomach.
We love everything Cincinnati has to offer! LOVE WSS
BIANCA WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE AND BTW UR SO PRETTYY!!
Part of being Major League ready includes maturity. Baseball should be held to a higher standard.
Hello I hope you had a great weekend.
of course... glad to "read" you...
black rappers frequently reference deadlocks; white rappers never reference bowl cuts? why the disparity
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Going to sleep now night <U+2665><U+2661><U+30C4>
": Special S/Oz To All The Mothers That Handle Their Business .... #Respect"
Welp. I've always been honest to you even when it was hard and embarrassing. All i ask is you do same
You make the baby Allah cry.
Hey bro! Yeah, just catching up on yours now.
Looking for introductions to people that own or manage grocery stores
Planning a fundraiser? Does your team need t-shirts designed and printed? Give us a shout we'll be happy to assist :)
you just passed up Richmond then. Lol. In Vallejo now huh. You should be in Davis in 30 mins. ;p
Almost got away with that one Artest
UVE COME SO FAR! Aweehhh :) becoming a belieber was the best day of my life. Thank u(:
Grrr. Yes. West Ham game is off! :( Like you care, Twitter.
yup, just to smack you with them lol
IU baby!!! Another upset win!!!
i just love when boris diaw tries.
- Darn tootin' re: no 13 losses in a row.
so bored at my 9 to 5
The only time I remember to watch TV is when someone tweets about a show from the east coast and I get a 3 hour heads up. SNL tonight!
Me too! I feel like I have cool friends already! :)
Thanks for the recent #crowdfunding shout out!
Agreed! Except I roll solo. I'm the only cat here and Junior never gets into trouble. Kitty sigh.
Word. MT : what I'd like to see from #NewNewTwitter? The ability to search for tweets OLDER THAN AN HR. Retweet that, friends.
NSAC doesn't seem to be too warm to the idea of offering a continuance to Overeem and his team.
AND you only get two for the entire season. Vermes obviously knows something
Texas pitching was oh so less than stellar. Did Mike Maddox reincarnate as Frank Zappa?
I WANNA BE MUCH MORE
That ending man! OMG!! RT : I watched that last and did the same thing
its gone be a crucial week!!
There are too many reasons to be happy about life right now.
that audio was was harsh but i've heard worse in a high school locker room.
HUGE Promotions this month, take a look by following us on Facebook...Get an extra 10% any project when you mention this add
come to skoo then
Sleepin in my boyfriends pj pants and his sweatshirt always makes me feel more cozy#finallygetting better:-)
Anyone have a good playoff beard going? #allamerks Tweet us a pic!
Glad you enjoyed it!
damb it has been a while twitter #missedyou.. sort of lol
One sweet mango - The Age
Its gotten a lot of criticism (as has Moffatt's work on Dr Who) for being misogynist. I kinda agree. But I still like the show...
Wednesday's Words of the Wise: "What whiskey will not cure, there is no cure for. " --Irish Proverb
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow???
My feb 17th menu didn't work out. Ordered takeout!
So true. But anyone who follows tennis for a sec can see the lie
it's You Save Me
Students must genuinely care about the work in school if we expect to get worthwhile results.
#nsta12 i take it back. Wings and rings has good food. Wings and pulled pork was excellent.
Supposedly there's only a couple more days of this insane heat...then it drops to just regular "hot"
Today is Take Your Child To The Library Day. Do it!
Tx, Karl, & to all you fine writers;I'm just the messenger.
BOO, WHAT'S WRONG?! Depression?! Does it have to do with me?! Oh my goodness. I feel so bad. I should of been there for you
If a bra is called an 'over the shoulder bolder holder', then what would you call men underwear? 'Under the butt nut hut'?........lmao!
#artpolitics attachment to the political is about how you endure in history. What affects get attached to attachment?
I know my 4th grader says she is the only one in her group who hasn't read it!
I sum wat got my own krib bt I still sleep alone.
#yobitv hey Josh nice kill
I miss SO much! Someone tell her to message me back ASAP! <3
Finally using iTunes Match. Rediscovering a lot of old albums. 2ManyDJs was a great summer record.
i feel the love <3
Ok. I still don't know how to send a direct message. Back to square zero.
My life long dream is to meet <3(:
They hamper public schools with endless testing and red tape and leave for-profit charters with no oversight. Despicable!
it was a temp:P
Thanks for a fun time last night atx!
Going through a box of old pens, I found this weird thing, I used to wear it on my wrist and it would tell me the time! Now I have a phone.
Melon seems to be a very popular color this spring. Seen a lot of women in melon-colored short dresses/rompers lately.
I'm developing a new horror monster, part werewolf, part wolfman = wolfwolf
All the #Easter fun has made me tired. Lots of fun with family this weekend.
If Lebron got all those free throws,how the hell is Melo not on the line for that.this is annoying
When people believe in themselves they have the first secret of success. ~Norman Vincent Peale
This gonna be a long series!
Oh my god Twitter is so mean it unfollows me from my husband Pack your bags girl we leave next week Thursday!
Tower heist its super funny
Its Friday the 13th! Here is hoping for a good day with no weird happenings. Hope to see yo at lunch!
And, light reading before bed? Refresher of Stephanie Watkins' "Practical Considerations for Humidifying and Flattening Paper"
Wow, so surprised! Thank you!!! :)
new zully on deck also! come check us out. -stay fly-
Lucky enough to see Pgh Public Theatre do "Freud's Last Session" w/ some great, great friends. Great production & great company
Time to watch on
This is the short amount of time (on the show) that's ever passed between a season finale and a premier. I feel like more should've changed!
New York, NY- Need females for event. No nudity. Pay is 150 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
u look hot on d stand
Need 170 dollars to replace my overdrive pedal sad day
OMG This guy on America's Got Talent dressed up like MJ and sang Got To Be There
Hard to believe that #CarlPavano was the centerpiece of the #PedroMartinez trade way back in the day
Don't mess with ouija boards.
Wow dumb girl at wvu had a ticket from Philly to dc not Morgantown to dc on the megabus. Classic wvu. thought u would appreciate
It's hard to be an "artist", either ppl take every word you say & misconstrue, or they don't take what u say seriously..it's a lonely life.
Bummer! No preteam?
Quit fucking saying YOLO damn , give that shit a break ..
If you weren't personally invited, don't bother showing up.
I need to get back in shape like yesterday .... I think im considered a gernade at this point .. Lets leave it at that.....
How much y'all want us to drop some new music??
Hope everyone had a good weekend and that March has treated you well!
Best of luck today to and the U16 RAS Milwaukee team! You do good things Tony; I'm impressed ;-)
Anywho.. I'm watching "Best Ink" lol but it's only making me want another tattoo even more.
RT : The coming R. McGeddon calls for tartan nails and therefore tartan nails I shall have
The art of acting consists in keeping people from coughing. Benjamin Franklin
Watch out! “: speeding U-Haul vehicle reported headed south on Fauntleroy from California - beware! 60 mph per scanner”
Twitter a muthafucka!
I think I just became a Colts fan.
"EVERYTHING SOUNDS LIKE PIE!"
Quit telling God how big your problems are and stat telling your problems how big your God is!
I miss comedy! “: "Wlll the real Davy Jones please stand up." "I am standing up!" RIP Davy Jones.”
Ha! Yea. Good times with Yal and and
lol making some jewelry to pay for me and Tyler's trip to Dollywood. I'm so excitedd! :)
Yes! MT : Congrats to the Tedeschi Trucks Band ( ) on their Grammy win! You deserved this!
C:\Users\Geoffrey\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Temporary Internet Files\Content.Outlook\VT45KZUS\email (3).mht
im highly irritated rightnow
If you can make a girl laugh - you can make her do anything... Marilyn Monroe
And then we wrapped up our day with a couple of RA stories from CBeebies. My child plays Flat Stanley over and over.
Welp. Time to work on the new mixtape
Home alone all day!!
finally i am back from holiday :)
that's alot, if yu cnt make it I'll understand but I would love for yu to come!!
Are you afraid of spiders? You're not sleeping outside are you?
wait what?!
having one of those nights where I wish my life was different.
And unlike their non-elite cousins, they don't leak on planes! (Though, I miss the micro point.)
only because my family originates from france though ^^' i actually want to go to France
Desire is the beginning of all achievement ~ W. Clement
Ginger&#39;s US History Blog: The &quot;War on Drugs&quot;
Coming from Wisconsin, that part was unbelievably hilarious.
So excited for the semester to be over simply to be in classes with different people.
have been sitting at my desk for about 10 hours today. not good. must get up, go home. at least may issue is now done. ships to printer tmrw
i hung out with your brother danny vegas
...greetings from #Alaska. Thanx for including me in today's shout! Happy Monday.
ultrasounds can be difficult to obtain in short notice, so it's really awesome that you're getting yours so quickly.
There are two ways to argue with a woman ... Neither works
Who says you're not perfect? Who says you're not worth it? Who says you're the only one that's hurting? trust me........
It's mid term week! Best of luck students! :)
Did you hear they are banning Lady Gaga from performing in Indonesia? Crazy.
flip ?: why do u share (not ask, just share)? Do u want/need something in return?
The battle Starts and ends with you. Conquer and win the battle within
#FF Cheer to a great weekend
Chocolate chip fleur de sel cookies. I think those need to happen today.
Astronomy compels the soul to look upward, and leads us from this world to another.
I never said I was a role model.
Wheelchair obtained. Blindness & bone mets and foot splay from cerebellum lesions=difficult walking. It's making life easier.
yeah she's on the hunt
Early morning sun over this city.....(sigh).
YAY! Great to see you here Janis! YAY for Mary Kay!
or watch an honest film.
Theater to myself for meek's cutoff, and then c'mon, you gotta be kidding me with the midnight scene at cliff's books.
Heavy D Is Dead (PHOTOS) Summary: Grandmaster Flash just passed on some terrible news: Heavy D has passed away. We are told he died in
Does everyone know how the terrorists are supposed to get revenge they might destroy the new world trade center thats my prediction
& the scars remind us that the past is real.
i miss you too bae <3
Why does this nice weather mean I have to go out and buy clothes!
spielberg must just use the awards as paper weights these days.
not an I-N-O fan but ill get burgers w u guys anyway!
Good morning! Everyone have a great Monday!
Headline on CNN: "Could our society have a Hunger Games?" I can't tell if that's a rhetorical question or a request.
What's the best part of Zotero and Endnote respectively? I guess the best part of Mendeley is PDF->citation?
Keeps repeating the promo video!
Bitch Cool It...
Sounds good, we'll be waiting “: ditto! Now u have notice June 1-4”
Wish is was SUMMER because it feels like it here in NEW YORK :)
rockin a shirt in Cedar Rapids. Pretty sweet
what, u better not b calling me a loser!
Another busy day, almost done with my shift on KISS-FM, then headed to the arena to prep for tonight's Bucks/Detroit game!
Now that you mention it, I can definitely see the resemblance. :)
Come Wake Me Up off the new CD....WOW. Chills.
I am a data convert. Numbers teach us about our neighbors in crisis. Can't wait for #PITCOUNT on Thursday.
If you want more followers, follow she always follows back and promos
Hello William. ~~~~~~ waving!
Meg:**clears throat** Peter:Huh wat was tht Meg? Meg:None I was jus clearing mi throat. Peter: Ohh i thought yu was ready to say some.
Lost in Translation and Kingpin
Fullback this week? You ready? I hope to see you on offense for a play or two.
I know :( my mother is going through chemo.
Jesus wins. We lose. Seasons over. Someone sweep the leg on Christmas so at least we can snap The #Packers streak.
Because some people deserve the label, particularly when they demonstrate their bigotry so openly.
what do you think of full figured gals that like to party and get their freak on! Wink wink....
i can just chill to them and feel like I'm flying sky high
i've come to the conclusion that lots of things make you wrathful. and it makes me laugh. :)
MISS HONEY ...aww I love this movie "Watching Matilda"
": I'm also not cool enough to pull this look off...- have confidence. You can pull it off!
: Check out this Twitter list: /belibers
#milwauke Carpe Diem! Make the most out of your day! Work hard today is going to be great! Stop in the store and take 10%off w/ code
i fail at life. :c
I know the feeling. Awful.
I hear that
Looking for Frontier Airlines frequent fliers and former employees today. Can you help?
Give us feedback on these tanks so we can get to printing. Colors, fonts, sizes; we'd appreciate anything constructive!
In North Jersey again Debate No. 2 between & tonight at 8
the moon is beautiful(: #supermoon <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099>
Yup, that's definitely Spike Lee sitting there. No pressure, #popcon presenters...
Going to Everest base camp in April. Check out With Eric West on facebook/cool facts updated daily.
And again: Twins!
Tonight I have honed in on my local map reading. Must know surrounding towns for the ever common zoom in. Just show me my blue locator dot.
is your Facebook on your phone being stupid?
you were fantastic!
Good night everyone :-O
Happy Friday the 13th, make it a good one everybody
They should have used Patrons keep commenting on her "sexy librarian" look. She hates it, lol.
Why would any professing Believer want to subject their ears, mind, and soul to Radio or TV that doesn't support or play the Prophet?
lol oh and have you recovered lol?
Acidosis is linked to illness and disease including cancer, high blood pressure, diabetes, gout, kidney stones, reflux and osteoporosis
ok! Cant wait to get together next week :)
thanks for the mention. Staying close to Cannes in May and didn't realize the Film Fest will be going on. So much for peace
Nobody comes close to your UK coverage on here. Keep up the great work my man.
fuck who writes these scripts!
not for logic right? Lol
This episode of Supernanny is hilarious!
Got a callback! :)
Thank you for the AWESOME S/O Cyndi! HUGS to you. Hope you have a very blessed week filled with smiles! :)
And the Heat haters come out. All of you
I dont even know why I have a twitter I'm never in here lol
I made him come :/ (NOT LIKE THAT) hmm sounds soo weird. But I made him come to my house for nothing !
Great dinner last night with and of course
we can I'm finna go get first an then whateva
We appreciate our generous donors. But we also appreciate our smaller donations as well.
Craving some frozen yogurt, badly.
If you haven't signed up for the class tomorrow night, you have 24hrs to stop being lame and get in on the action
At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet.
Beastie Boys, "Licensed to Ill"
lol i need food if u need help with thaat haha
Time to start packing for the ICMS!
Been at the W in Austin way too long #poolparty. I hope when I have gray hair I won't be dressing like a
Temera!!!!!!!!oh how I missed thee....you been ok? Its been a min.. Congrats on your website!
About to get some new ink with !
I see London, I see China ...
you ready for tonight? Who needs song suggestions?
but not "Bodies" by Drowning Pool.
Hey Mike when are you in So Cal next?
some of our supplies are on back order. Email us for details: austinfacialhairclub <at> gmail
Last month, TPS helped place an article in a bank marketing journal on multichannel marketing.
“: What he say?” Hell if I know?? It was barely English!
When someone breaks your heart, your just one step closer to finding the person your meant to be with.
Hottest group in the mil right now sauve society XL look em up on facebook
New vendors, galore! We have three new vendors opening this month ! Come and check them out today!
We all live in the Matrix!! : #acm11 One question for the panelists could be "Did you take the blue pill or the red pill?"
My caffeine high's gone away, and now i wanna fucking throw up everything i've had today. so sick of everything
Look, I don't want to tell you how to live your life, but you'd look pretty stinkin' bad ass on a turbo charged Vespa.
thanks man!
Thats a sign a symbol of the truth within your heart
you are a black person in Budapest
love these photo lineups
I hate survey's where it's 10 different questions asked 5 different ways (each).
RT : #2amt Double ups to the O'Neill finalists who have put the entire script up as their excerpt. You are the future.
The roped-off "lanes." And, of course, the lady wearing jean shorts and high heels with socks.
This weekend was alot harder than I thought it was going to be
Looking forward to Thursday! We are bringing a crowd. Yes!!! Go Alonso!
Solid victory tonight beating OLMC #Monica moving on
Paul Pierce's return is probable. The real question is whether TD Garden has wheelchair access to the court!
Ben Sommers RT : Which one of my homegirls want to do me a favor to bring something up to the studio ?
lol..that's funny..
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 90
"Swag swag swag on you" <3 - 1:20 in the morning where i live and, i wont go to sleep unless you notice me <\3 i love you
all you gotta do is
Proud To Be Haitian. #Always <U+2764>
Thanks for the mention.
Start your week off right with your favorite breakfast item and a cup of hot coffee. We'll be here bright and early.
#ILeftYouBecause My wife started puting out again...
community grill!!!!!!
Dear The Killing writers, there are no toll booths in walla walla and very few in Washington state. Yes, I'm still watching. You're welcome.
another unsatisfactory outcome
Bradley's always gets the most busy when I'm here of course... Ugh
Peter, that would be delightful. I'm sick of bitter herbs and the taste of dirt in my salads.
behalf if that's ok! ??? How was Easter Sunday?
Is Super Bowl Sunday the last great pan-American event?
Eating mushrooms that my parents foraged from someone's suburban lawn. With fresh sage from my garden and a little sea salt, yum.
“ If I am walking with two other men, each of them will serve as my teacher. I will pick out the good points of the one and imitate them,...
Dont tell me why dont i say hi.. it goes both ways
(Lisa Nichols) is taking me to church
its crazy how ppl dieing like this damn!
Issa, Chaffetz confirm contempt plans for Holder over Fast and Furious | Fox News YES FINALLY SOME JUSTICE !
“I just want you to know that you deserve the best. You’re beautiful.” -LilWayne #HowToLove <3
Just a little. But every bit counts, or that's what they say. Have fun! Sounds like a great ride.
two weeks till shenanigans in the Antilles
Guess what I'm doing?! VOTING! OR state primary ballots due by May 15, 8pm. You can totes do it.
What’s Katniss’s weapon of choice?
"HELD" by Natalie Grant, pullin my heartstrings.
Pizza shuttle.
"When you leave its not because your love wasn't real its because you're tired of your love being taken for granted."
Watching LA Ink with Viggle Mon | 5PM | nuvoTV Get real rewards just for watching TV.
oh wow, tattoos, that is serious spoonage!
Thanks everyone for the anniversary wishes! :)
can u please check out my idea. Its for a great cause. W.theadvocator.org
Thanks for the info. I was so excited to read nasty postings about me. I fell for it.
At Thousand Oaks YMCA, it's all about domination today. Of my knees.
Happy Opening Day everyone! I plan on watching the game and enjoying some of Bell's finest.
Yellow spots on your turf from the dogs? Try several 1 min. run times throughout the day to rinse off the grass.
ah, no :P no he estudiado :S NADA D: mi mama no esta wee
no problem! keep up the great work. Happy friday
Love the photos...was that at Purple Kirkland?
RT When you're STRESSED you eat ice cream, cake, chocolate, and sweets. Why? Because stressed spelled backwards is DESSERTS
Hey! -pick up your free tix for tonight's game-Johnston Hall 033!!
#arentyoutiredof sneezing all the time? It could be dust! Call 586 663-0054 for a free inspection test!
Night Court-Martial (Thanks, !)
Don't miss out! Lennar's 48 Hour Sale is This Weekend Only! Great Discounts and FREE Upgrades! Wow!
have fun with that!
aw he is so cute!! mine is like 1 1/2 we have had her since she was like 4 months!!
Getting ready to tape for 4 regional TBN Praise The Lord shows today. Gonna be a full day :-)
Thats been every day of 2011 for me, lets hope 2morrow will be a lil different rite
Always said 11:11 wishes were dumb, but I sure hope this one comes true
Are there tools to track traffic to a website you don't control the code for... such as your LinkedIn page?
hi business and bankruptcy with concentration in retail fashion media Internet real estate. Plus any women owned businesses.
Did these quarterbacks get confused by the overtime rules? It's as if they think a new game has started
No bullshit here.
Getting ready to send out our first newsletter. Visit www.championtutoring.com if you'd like to sign up.
This is terrible
Sunday night margs maybe? Cc to all pals.
We're working on making Camtasia better...stay tuned!
I keep asking him and then he did:D
do share, which podcast?
You Guys Are True #ANGELS :) 143<3
Got the sister-in-law's wedding present handled!
You don't lead by hitting people over the head - that's assault, not leadership. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
I'd rather hold in this giant, painful turd for a couple more days than have a conversation with you.
At 's housee
JR Smith really is something. Not often you see a player capable of doing so many dumb things in such a short span.
At the Grove and seeing dudes with bass guitars at Barnes and Nobles. Nikki Sixx book signing.
who told you this....use code words
Daniel at Rudy's Barbershop did it again! He fixed my strip mall haircut like a champion!!! Thanks, !
"Serving as the tip of the spear", Craig Mundy's (Ingersoll Rand) mantra 2 get his HR org focused to lead the co's long range plan
It's just too nice to be inside all day but there's nothing to do outside either
heyy how you been stranger I see you still not following me back Lolz
This is a very fun season of #DocMartin. We are happy you're enjoying it. Thanks for the feedback! Keep it coming. ^LG
Everyone knows I'm in over my head.
Gearing up for the weekend already!!!!! Wonder what hot spot we are going to end up at?
Betta kiss my ass & keep it movin right along with the rest of them bitches
follow me please? :) or not its cool
Yeah, people. Get it together! RT : To everyone making Come On Irene jokes, the song is Come On EILEEN.
Our Hero's feats come both in and outside the circle.
New flash: I love Evil!AJ. You can tell she's evil because she curled her hair.
28. #Giants 4 #Brewers 3 | Tattered team ties game / to send to extra innings / familiar result.
WOW two-handed two ball dunk on by Evans on #SpriteSlam Saturday night
I don't believe that.
We've had our shares of ups and downs but imma still be around ...
Cool, enjoy!!
This alt-ac guide is fantastic! Thanks for posting, Maureen!
Being proactive. Trying to find a bf named Joseph who's interested in carpentry. Trying to lay groundwork for the LORD to mate with me.
It is no fun having a sick child.
MAY THE GOOD LORD BLESS YOUR SOUL DORIS! LOL HALLELUJAH HOLLABACK!!!
All refunds have been processed. Email if you dont see refund in couple days.
FOLLOWING --> cause Twitter said so. Maybe they'll follow back!
Exploiting the equity of the Darth Vader is very creative.
Well, I'd rather be a nerd than a dork cause
off to parent teacher meeting FUN
Great...how's the champ? In Brasil?
Hell of an effort from the Hawks, we took them for everything on their home ice. Let's frickn destroy from here on out!
I'm so burnt it's embarrassing. Who knew SPF was needed in Ohio. Feel free to slap anywhere so I'm reminded of my stupidity.
I'm right here
I don't know but I think we never see us before hahah :D
I wish we were eating ramen for breakfast
I think what really perfected my gift basket making skills were daily rearrangements of stuffed animals on my bed.
Thank you to all servicemembers who served in Iraq. You are the reason its an organized, peaceful withdrawl from a free country.
Its Goin DOWN THURSDAY...
woot! Tirra Lirra Lacquers landed at mastercraft today. MMS on the way test press in a week or two! love it when aplan comes together
t-minus 29 minutes until BFA defense...
“We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.” (Aristotle)
likes LPA's Cafe Cino collection now on display through Feb. 29!
Bernardo Hees: My best accomplishment is still to come.
wow doc u really got smooth winning how so he dioesnt hit harder than maynard so he won't ko him and edgar is better wrestler
dear , buy some tickets to vegas cus we're gettin married! lol psh i wish!
Visualization Strategy that can be used in public speaking –“Third, Close your eyes and imagine the audience listening and applauding.”
thanks, Marci! You are a good listener too! :)
don't want to get bored. Plus, it's 2012. Gotta work.
"I was being eaten alive by men, by their needs and their vague insanities." The Taste of Salt by
right on for takin my roach fag lol
. So serene and beautiful...
Bullying just creating chaos
BLM: global women's media platform that turns dreamers n2 bosses by revealing the secret strategies of the most powerful women in the world
Are you going on the party bus?
Ruhstaller Captain Black IPA. RT : What beers did you wash down the turkey with tonight?
come on down, the weather is perfect for #theplayers ... Making dinner reservations for tomorrow... What's ur pleasure?
chayna put that work in... And history will be made
"You can't have power without pressure. Many people want power but don't want pressure! " Apostle Raul Avila
So tired from CHICAGO! I can barely keep my eyes open
It's almost 2:45 AM, I should get some sleep, but the caffeine from earlier isn't permitting me any rest.
Same here...that was unnerving to say the least. RT EARTHQUAKE! MY HOUSE IS SHAKING!
what can I say? I'm a lover not a fighter. And my original tweet was not meant as a fight starter. Trying to pin down my position
Jeans and my college summit shirt today.
Is sam not playing with y'all on warped? I heard Dane Poppin is.
About to head to my gig :)!
Enjoying your #aha2012 tweets when I should be writing.
is so CUTE<U+2665> in "climax" remix {#quemix}
looking forward to tonight!!!
This is how I roll, my cut green beans are outa control! <U+E308> That's a green bean for now haha!
#ItsAwkwardWhen you make eye contact with a stranger, then you quickly look down so they don't think you're weird.
UTH Checks out the Village of Guflstream Shoppes on Sunday
what happen?
Blazing a trail into nowhere.
check out all the great specials at Achatz Pies!
SO PROUD! It looks freaking bomb! (: yayay for going for it!
Ooh it looks awesome! :)
Now for some Awesome people to follow.
the best.
This is going to be a competition killer for the people who take advantage of this. Trust me!!!...
Chi-town peeps! Does anyone have an extra ticket for the show in October? Please help a sista out!
When people work, their wages aren't a gift, they're earned. But people are righteous not due to work, but due to faith in God. Romans 4:4-5
I wanna text you so bad...but I'll feel annoying to text again after you haven't responded...
you is estupidddddd
Trying to spell "bicycle" as soon as you wake up and open your eyes is the hardest thing in the world! #yawn Good morning people!
Don't know much about O'Brien...can he take us to the Rose Bowl?
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (813) 352 3275 69$ Divorce. Tampa - Clearwater. Friday Special. Call NOW
i want to be your friend but you are so busy ignoring me u are gonna lose a chance at having a great friend
We speak French, Spanish, English, and Relaxation at our spa.
Ding dong, the Wicked Witch of the East is dead. Now begone, Sharron Angle, before someone drops a house on you too!
wow. seriously? marion didn't hold serve ONCE? and yet she won 6 games. i have no words. dayam and there are like 40 people there.
The Eiffel Tower is a landmark, now it's a lanshark.
all my sexy ladies here on twitter check my boi Legynd out with his new smashing single "she conceidit" ft.Solo /legyndmuzik
Thanks for the mention, ! Our producer will be doing Q&A at the screenings of
you did?!
People will love reading it too! RT many firsts for me in that short story but i LOVED writing it! *so* excited for this!
lol. I'm sorry
That talking to you for even the shortest time can turn my day around
Wonder how many hours of my life will be wasted playing the new #Angrybirdsspace? Just saying.
My sleep is so off it's bobble!
im off at 1215
Haha. Woo! ;P
Twitters just not poppin off 4 me
watching "Red Riding Hood." What a terrible movie, glad I skipped this one when it was at the theatres
09 Montevina #Chardonnay. Youthful. Subdued nose. Lean, straw, slightly floral nose. Much mineral, hints of spice, white fruit 86 pts
for real ill be in town... I'm slow though.
He Know That My Sex Is God >>>
My best underage experience was THE COOK, THE THIEF... when I was 16 and my girlfriend was 15. (And we got in for free!)
how you guys liking the Chicago snow? Lol #WelcomeToChicago <3
I didn't realize I needed a phone jack near the computer.
CONGRATS MY MAN....WELCOME TO THE FLOCK! #RAVENATION. GET USED TO IT! ROLL...TIDE!
Morning sex is the absolute best LOL I KNOW bae definitely gone have a great day at work
#happythanksgiving Alumni! We hope everyone had an excellent day! The weather was excellent. Get ready for #blackfriday tomorrow
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 30!
PLEASE CONTACT ME ASAP, WE HAVE CREATED A FOUNDATION NON-PROFIT TO FEED AND EDUCATE ORPHANS IN HAITI 772-834 5000 DANIE
he could have played in early june and they'd already be out. but fits just fine with tradition of overpaid vets.
dat bitch got boogers the size of my damn fist
Don’t forget about Twitter’s search capabilities. It’s great for smaller initiatives
Bored af like always, anyone wanna Skype?
Seriously, SE Cupp, could you possibly be more annoying?
Its so upsetting to know, that i have nobody anymore.
9 US States considering OK for right to carry concealed hand guns on campus... So many legitimate concerns. More Guns more accidents???
You, Me, Marley and Me and Dupree.
My favorite is the one of him in the tub with your picture in the background! HILARIOUS!
I'm so tired. So I am so glad tomorrow's Friday. Going to sleep early and getting up late! Oh yeeah. :3
people should not be selling Christmas trees already. It's not even Thanksgiving yet!!
ah. Jackie is soo pretty!
Watching this innovative symphony wallcast reinforces my dedication to #startups. everyone should have the resources to live their passion
teaching is professional. This is a marketing campaign in need. And teachers need to model professional modes too. Summer=profdev
grad apps. o boy
Thankyou all for changing profile pic to Tray's pic. This has become a NATIONAL movement bc of YOU! Tray was ALL of our son. GOD BLESS U!
blowing up ur phone like a boss
Everyone wants to go to heaven but nobody wants to die
Just take me to a place where the white boys dance.
“A sure way to miss success is to miss the opportunity”. Victor Charles
Out this hell hole (y)
hey guys.. hope yall are well!
I couldn't figure out why the original notices didn't mention his musical background. I was confused.
Why does morning traffic hate me?
God gave me you for the ups and downs God gave me you for the days of doubt For when I think I’ve lost my way God gave me you <3 <3 <3 <3
Thanks to all of our wonderful Day of Caring volunteers! We can't wait to see your photos and hear all about your projects!
Thx for coming to visit! RT : At enjoying some cocktails on this fine beautiful Sunday <3
I like the way you think, sir ;-)
Oh, I'm not doubting. Just odd that their method of punishment would display secular authority over the soul and body.
Happy Birthday, Dr. Seuss!
Let's go OKC!!!
go !!!!! Looking good against the Heat
I don't know why I thought Sprint would be different this time around. Getting double dicked. Verizon never does this to me.
Always willing to give a little something back to my community.
I refuse to be a member of a lost generation.
Men decide far more problems by hate, love, lust, rage, sorrow, joy, hope, fear, illusion, or some other inward emotion, than by
Is there anything more annoying than a celeb author?
"Take my hand, knot your fingers through mine, And we'll walk from this dark room for the last time"
Family is a place where you can find love!
If God was a man and had to write a living will / advanced directive for America it would be a DNR A do not resuscitate Thank God he is NOT
she is super pretty! :)
So many wonderful new #followers! Thanks everyone - we love giving #shoutouts for #FF. Hope your day is going great!
Everybodys been telling me to slow it down but I'm just starting to speed it up... Hurry summer 2012
some #Chen music early
and pets!
Going to watch jimmy fallon and tonight!
Just got home from working 11 hours straight. Coming home couldn't feel any better.
speaking about the Israel's economic model that we can grasp & embrace it here in Baltimore.
Since you were thinking of ways to make money off of free bribble chats, you could put ads on them. like XAT chats. just an idea
the r&b album. U can chill on that
RT ": Lakers ball RT : Wow - Kobe and Ibaka just went flying, full speed, into the courtside chairs. Think they ju ...
Dear World, That mass-murdering Norwegian Scumbag Whose Heart I Wish Would Explode would like you to please stop "ridiculing" him.
no at all. JR Smith just goes out there and balls! Has to be one of the funnest players to watch.
The Republican fiasco is on!
the bulls lost
Cracked an egg on the Promenade just now and within minutes was arrested for littering.
2012 Volkswagen Golf R: First Drive - Motor Authority
Normally I would change the station when #creed comes on but #canyoutakemehigher is really doing it for me right now
hey sam! will you be at the office on friday? i'm coming up at 3 to meet adam! hope to meet you, too. :)
Melana :) Wishing you a wonderful week chica! RT : RT Thank you Jay! Happy Monday RT
#Alcatraz is simply brilliant
I'm in love with your dog and your mom
Haha. Do it! Are you finished with it yet?
hate that jorge retired - i know it had to happen - but i hate it
What's the deal fam
Need a yoga class to quiet the mind and escape.
Today's the day.. #animalphysfinal. Wish me luck!
Pretty successful night of web development - made good use of Padrino, Rabl, and S3
Excited for news #LM24 - hope will show
Just got picked up by a driver named 'Papa'
yo what station yall be on now
Got to give a shout-out to Coach Lovato ..I know she is going to do great things as the Head Coach at Trinity Valley CC!
I called you yesterday love! Miss you terribly!
Ha, same here.
Thank you very much !!!
Where can you rent 3D movies? My apartment has a theater room you can rent that plays 3D but no clue where to find them!
One day closer to friday
Getting #Pujols with the 9th pick in my fantasy draft... good start #FantasyBaseball has begun
Last night I was laying in my bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself.....where in the hell is my ceiling bro?!
band member Nash Overstreet is the brother of Chord Overstreet on There father is country singer Paul Overstreet
thank you!! :D
I'm back in town and ready to get to work! Oh, yeah, that Christmas thing...
I'm kidding lol. It's Amber and only Amber
I really hope this growler is still good....
Today is the 70th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor. Never forget
Saw pics last night of the apartment I'm renting in San Isidro. So excited that it's finally comin together.
RT : Someone asked me bout my teammate Sushi* today LOL. I said oh Zusi () is fine. LOL
There is homemade chocolate and pear cake in the kitchen this morning... probably won't last long though, the vultures are approaching...
Bike ride this morning was breathtaking with all the fall colors. Life is good- I have much to be thankful for right now. Loving life again.
I think Charlie Sheen should be the new Superman.
Aww don't cry ur Kitty is going to be ok please just don't cry I also had to get my puppy spayed
My sombrero is off to the enlightening and entertaining work of the Latino Rebels.
hahaha *-* I want to meet him so bad, maybe if one of his concerts is near my country.. :'c
We have had a very busy, very fun week at Studio B Smiles. We are almost ready for the weekend. What are you doing for fun this weekend?
3 Greatest people from the 90's: Michael Jordan, Bill Clinton, and Lauryn Hill.
cause its probably about you, you dumbass.
Can Bourbon Street Bouncer be Frenchy's alternate nickname?
You can't be serious! #redwings #NHL. Every hockey fan in #Detroit just threw up in their mouth a little bit...
**RT2WIN CONTEST** RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to Bon Iver at on June 6th!
or go out to eat and not have a athlete in Buffalo steal your money....
"Is this an illuminated dream"
big rapper mariya
DECONSTRUCTION OF A DIVA opens April 6 and runs through April 27 at the 10th Avenue Theater.
Realizing you spelled your bf's name wrong <<<
M , orange juice :)
It's a third-pot-of-coffee kind of day here , apparently.
we'd send you and the volunteers cookies and then never take you on air. Will that help?
Lacking purpose or intention is another key career derailer. My motto: Be intentional!
I think they're really overrated. Basically an eclair. Don't get the Chicago fascination.
Haha. I know deep down you want to and that's all that matters. Thanks :)
Hustle hard. Dress for the job you want. Never let them see you cry. Always be polite to everyone.
I miss DC.
Happy Birthday Kandi, hope you had a fabulous day!!! Mine is tomm. May babies are the best!!
I especially like the Montreal commuter rail one. The corner yells "Validate Me!" in French.
my mom said she might cry prom night -____-
Speed Dating Event next week..register today before its to late..www.tri-statespeeddating.com
Crazy winds outside
I killed the game!!
S/o my brova and all the Benning Park niggaz we did the muvafukka!!
I bet she would have, too! I miss you, p.s.!
jus said "featuring" Rob so fools kno he's really playin keys on it. People were thinkin I jus got a hold of the acapella.
When my mom was born. Heehee ": 1969 ..."
Happy mothers day to the beautiful and amazing that gave birth to a star!
Elementary school roller skating fund raiser brings back painful memories...for my tail bone.
Everyone Retweet this!
ASUW elections getting serious. Trying to pull people in with free cotton candy and a cute puppy. Ugh that pug is so cute xp
Actualy theyr awsomeee !! Like ur realy good. I just downloaded one song on ma' phone
TRAGEDY CALLED TRUTH EP DROPS TODAY! COME GRAB ONE AT THE EASTSIDE LOUNGE! YOU LIKE ALTHEA? WELL THERES A PART 2 AND 3! COME SEE US!!
I was just about to say ... find a rotary dial or a phone booth and you really have something.
One in seven thinks end of world is coming: poll - Reuters
After watching them all, Season 1 of 24 is pretty easily the best of them all. Season 8 the worst. Overall just a tremendous series.
At The Hard Rock Cafe watching the game with kells!! Go Mavs!!!!!
alright haha. Ill give it a try.
are you trying to put us into a rage with "Rayburn" tweets?
Nighty Nite folks! Gotta get some <U+E13C>
Happy 28th anniversary to my wonderful parents
I want a danish right now
Man! Don't wanna see anyone leave Dancing with the Stars tnite! Everyone is so good.
My teeth are ugly AF...but after 2yrs pretty teeth..2yrs -__-
There is a little kid singing really loud Mexican karoke at the restaurant down the street. It is beyond adorable!
I hate it when I don't forward a chain message and I die the next day.
Ha ha ha this man is drunk and funny
time to scour the campus for some music to nod to.
We've decided to leave our Christmas room through the end of the year! We'll be putting new stuff out all the time!
Some people get in relationships and don't know who/what they want,make your decision before commitment
don't feel like working...
Hahah it's so crazy how fast I can get a buzz.
(ksenia) we're looking for illustrator/animator for a project due September 4th, South Park style - DM me ASAP
Each year I seem to spend 7-10 nights in Omaha, NE. I have always enjoyed this city.. Happy to be in Omaha tonight!
McCain didn't like that statement...
OMG that's beautiful!!! I grew up listening to u guys, my whole fam <3 I'm 20yrs in Aug! U made my childhood and now the best yrs!
I might work at Yolo froyo. Hopefully
If its foggy again in the morning, its time for spooky pictures in the cemetery.
Thanks Jen -- I hadn't seen that before. I just sent them a question via Twitter!
Sounds great. I'll be doing the same over the weekend. Let me know how it shakes out ;)
i am going to wach tv bye i love you bella thorne <333333333333333333
PLAYIN DIS! You Vandal Fight For First Inside the Target Car Roswell Bridge of Lions at Burro Bar
I might as well face it, I am addicted to spinach. I know, where did that come from? Spinach has taken me by surprise.
Man these dudes got me working ugh
My 1st priority would be a solid vision of what the role and purpose of the library is.
Off to my last class of college. That was fast
to hang out... Duhh catch up on the last 15 years or so. why not. Do you think im up to no good?
The theme song really writes itself. Just need to get Damon Albarn to return my calls.
Lissiebee! Be careful!
Do you have any #WhenAustin moments? tweet me and I'll post them and give you credit!
Whole time the reason why I couldn't go to sleep cause my tv loud af...lol kill.
Central Ohio's most succesful women as featured by Jacintha Balch Norren Warnock and more 7:30 on
Shouts to for the follow
"Don't talk to strangers." "Well , how am I supposed to make friends?"
waiting to meet Judy Bowman.
I didn't say those jeans made your butt look fat, I said, "Um," then I made a weird face.
Anytime ~ Just ask. X :)
thanks guys - as always gentlemen and scholars (and rounding out the group)
why is Camby always injured over the trade deadline?
Hope all Moms out there have a wonderful
I'm always down for new music! And keep it up dawg! Your flow is tight! For show getting that fanta mix tape!
It's almost time to party!!! We're ready for you Chi-town!!!
RT : Today's thought: "All art requires courage." —Anne Tucker
Dis nigga got a big girl on he fooling. Lmao
OMG you are hysterical! I love reading your tweets! Very smart and truthful!
This dude did not just say hes valid like salad lmfao!! Omg haha
With insane sales pressure, self-serve might have appeal. Advertisers *can* come to you. Trick to getting them to do that = different story
Paris tomorrow, also gladly going home earlier than expected, I'm home-sick
but what i learned is not to trust. now true love will come first <3
A special thanks to everyone who came out for our Light Of Mine screening last night at HD Fest in Portland! Possibly our last PDX show!
just voted number 1045:)
yea for real! Bunch of pocket pussy bitches
Chigago vs. Detroit preseason game on verus.
Should i really be doing this
My boyfriend never fails to make me happy :)
How is this work day not over?
Going to the drive-in tonight
OH YEA
I just wanted to watch Princess Mononoke, but no scratched disk won't allow it.
Quick trip to San Francisco today and then back to a very busy schedule!
OMG this movie is hilarious.
Looks like the Mingus docu has funded. Thanks for making me aware of it. Merry Christmas!
Agreed. For a doll, that's really rediculous.
really, no one has started a meme about romney going to cranbrook for an MFA?
Anne Buckley - Reen is an occupational therapist, yoga teacher, researcher and lecturer. Guest mentor for
April #snow. Thank you #Chicago!
can't. wait. RT : 50 days til our sleepover
thanks for sharing!
My hubby and his best friend just said they are going to get eachother's wives names tattooed on their butts. Uuhhh
u gotta read between the lines
Flippy cup at the AdWars? I think so! Great job DEG
Didn't win a smoothie today? Hang tight for next Friday!
How can I say no to that?! I just added the info to my work calendar...that makes it official right?
thx Steve! Spread the good word good brother.
Carrollton Grandmother Ready To Audition For Dallas Cowboys ...
Man.. Up trying To make it to the shop... Why did make my appointment so Early
Very happy for y'all! Wishing you all the best! <3
If you didn't see the 1st time: IMLS announces Let's Move: Museums & Gardens initiative with Mrs. Obama!
I just can't sleep. Ugh.
omg saying!!
We have a new #Autistic boy starting treatments today..
Happy Mother's Day a day early to all the #moms out there! You hold the world up with your strength.
#telljimmy he's wrong. He gets on my nerves
Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist ! <3
see you there!
IM GOING WITH YOU, it seems so so so cool
CAN YA'LL GO FOLLOW !!! PLEASE! SHES AMAZING:)
thx.I've kinda got baby fever though, lol.Maybe I'll just have a baby ;) I like the article! Looking forward to next weeks!
it's not a strat actually, I won it at Six Flags
All #TerraNova fans need to tune in to #Fringe this Friday!!!
Awesome trip!
$2 buck tacos and $2 buck Tecate Talls... What else would you do with that 5 bucks?
that's cool how much????
Go Kings!
umm... i'm exhausted!
I wish my shift was as fast as my break <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Get out and vote! There is still 1-1/2 hours until the polls close. Tell your friends vote too.
She's talking about Alarcón's indigenous strains...
Tix 4 Chicago Express game tomorrow must b bought today 2 count towards our fundraiser for a needy family. Only $17! www.ProjectFlipmode.org
Oh my gosh, i miss my Betsey Johnson sunglasses ):
get it girl
Headed to the beach woohooo
After a long day at work!
I need play by play action!
“for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God, and all are justified freely by his grace through...Christ Jesus.” -Romans 3:23-24
Many thanks, Michael.
Second night in a row I've packed my bags then been told I can't go..
Did you know that adding videos to an online learning course actually improves retention?
.... The Gryphon... love(d) that place when i lived in phila!
says here lauren heal is "a reporter for The Heartland Institute". Hmm.....
You're the sweetest!
Bored a'f.
Thanks for the mention.
Ok Big Guy, Lets see if you have any balls now! Neal leaves his feet, Asham with a Match Penalty, Suspend them now!
they got crow up there in the UP? ha, this ought to end the mj comparison for awhile!
Happy (early) Birthday!
We love this! RT Wacky Wednesday please
stfu im done i shut this convo dwn bitch get a life and stop fantisizing about mine you arguing bout pfp get real bro t'f lol
I thought mine was food-based, but I can't keep anything down, even hours later. Think I might have a buggie.
hahaha now your in it to win it? Idk hahaha but we are awesomest
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give. Sir Winston Churchill
"On Edge" Radio Talk Show is organizing a meet'n' greet on 03/14/12 at Chloe 81! Let us know if you would like an opp. to guest on the show!
Shit, wrong drink. I was thinking of Diet Rite. Which some Chicago bar had instead of ... normal soda.
#FF - almost time for New York! We'll be in booth 7849 - come see us!
Why do I feel like this week is a fight to the top of the list like #dancemoms ? Gosh, in like every aspect.
only one side... My side...
yo i got 3 more #trophies till i get #platinum on
Anyone have their wedding band inked?
That's swag when you can chill and get better at home and get paid doing it.
your sexy just saying
Charles River Apparel has purchased a new building! All our Dept. Heads are heading down to Sharon, MA to see the new spot. We’ll offici ...
Hi Kim r u doing much better now, about the hall single thing?
Finally back in twitter. Took a sabbatical from it for a while.
that was easy, good luck!
: Thanks Matt!
when people at school find out i have gum...
I have plans to go with my sister when she gets a break. We want to go to North Carolina. Lots of mountain nature trails :)
tomorrow Adam Lambert's new album comes out.... SO PUMPED!
Anthony, your fan's would have up most respect for an Awesome Octopus album
No way...still advise highlights! XOX
Yeah. Yeah.
aw sorry. where do you live?
TOO BAD YOU'RE GOING TO LUBBOCK THIS WEEKEND
Awesome weekend of shows! Thanks to our friends in Athens and Columbus for coming out, and thanks to for tearing it up!
So excited for your next update of #SLY! Now that I've finished all 50 shades, it's back to fanfic. ;)
#Portland will always win! What do you guys think? RT : "Is Portland more hipster than Seattle?"
Q4) Design skills that are "Information" driven, not "Procedural" or "Process" driven
I finish my conference on Friday, would stay Saturday night. Who should I chat with? (wanna watch sea planes!)
wtvr if I had highlights then that would be me k.
That was a RANDY SAVAGE elbow off the top rope!!!
So #inspired today! Embrace the good people in your life. bout to rock #Mesa #Bootcamp & hit chest/tris/abs! #fitness Be kind to each other
Check the blog now.
We kick off the calendar of events today! Hope to see you at Mt. Zion First African Baptist Church later at 5:00... 105 Lankford Ave
why am i wide awake
Past loves, past lives. They float away if you throw them to the sky.
Yeah, that hasn't started quite yet...
#lbf12 #pubpt Bob Young of Lulu not terribly clear or persuasive, jet lag, perhaps?
brb.. Crying in a corner.
still don't like her
God Jul, man! I hope you and your family are having a wonderful day. Looking forward to paths crossing again someday. Cheers!
To recap today, Ahman Green wants back in the NFL and Liverpool wants to hire Pep Guardiola. Also, I would like a helicopter.
We haven't carried it, but we will check to see if it's available in our market.
Out of all the ways to kill Omar off The Wire they choose to have the youngest person do it. Damn I rather have seen him die in a shoot out
On board in San Diego
Passing on the combs third floor torch
Love your blue top and your jacket. Have a great weekend. Enjoy the BEAUTIFUL weather!
Doesn't sound fair. What's wrong w/ that picture:).
*cheers* back, friend :)
fuck that dude. I'd @ him but he blocked me long ago. Guy has a chemical imbalance. Tell him to move to pittsburgh.
screening hitchcock's "strangers on a train" on sat. trivia: my great-uncle was in that movie AND is buried in hollywood forever
I haven't been on Twitter for hours, but no LD on #USMNT?
school & bored
RT : I'm painting my penis black in hopes that Kim will take me back :(
Happy Friday Cathryn!
How awesome was that scene in Entourage when Wee-Bay hung Johnny Drama from the balcony at The Standard Hotel + referenced Viking Quest?
Rocked a volunteer shift I and passed a test for which I did not study. I'd say a celebration is in order.
but that assumes teaching a class of 37 is less effective than teaching a class of 24
Girls who lack ass yet parade around in booty shorts as tho that's not the case are beyond indecent I mean increase yo protein intake, shit.
Good call. Blondes are nothing but trouble. Them and red heads.
It was great meeting you as well!!! Take care!
hurry! I wanna see u!
U know Glenn Beck? MT I met a guy around this time of yr in 1992 who was convinced there would b a rev in the US w/in 25 yrs.
You're like, hot (: lol
Can't sleep without him telling me goodnight. Like he used to.
well just curious, share a title LOL
I swear to god it wasn't me. I'd tell you if I did, and I don't even get on ur acc anyways
Let us die now, or live forever..
At molly wee pub, two blocks from MSG. Sizeable Caps fan contingent. Nervousness turning into excitement. (Booze helps)
Am still working on that. Crazy amount of work to prove that I'm an "outstanding researcher", and USCIS lost my H1B extension :(
he's just seething because they'll likely cancel his silly show after 1 season because it can't compare to the other completions
All the girls who says Kim kardashian is not hot are just jealous ;)
Today Tron in 3D. Sunday Dawn Treader in 3D. A 3D Movie weekend. Now all I need is time for Tangled.
You Should Check Me Out Sometime.. I Play Guitar, And I Write Raps, and All The Lyrics Are Meaningful And People Love Them
“: Haha, ok that'll work..anything to get rid of this pain lol”yea yup works every time I'm on my way
False RT None of y'all would be lakers fans if Kobe wasnt on the team..fake fans smh lol
Kenny Wormald is too fucking sexy.
So funny, what a dumbass.
Wow! Adele, what a night at the Grammys! I predicted she'd go 3-6. I was wrong, clean sweep!! Amazing!!
When you're praying and your connection with God is so strong that your just completely overtaken with tears of joy<3
I choose to live by choice and not by chance. to make changes, not excuses; to excel, not compete. I choose self-esteem, not self-pity.
I'm
So did we ;) haha
for real.
#sls12 #TweetAndEat Panel talking about line between honesty & trashing local biz. Stay true to your brand/mission - Go
Miss Yall..hope everythings going well with you #MuchLove &
Watching #redcarpet coverage of the
it seems kinda late to reclassify. I thought people usually did that early in senior year.
#thebachelor really pissed me off tonight. Wth Ben?! I literally started to cry.
Maybe Tiger and Toyota should team up for a comeback with the slogan: “Tiger and Toyota, we swear we can stop.”
Meeting number 2 with the great ! So.. There's going to be a music video in the future.
United Airlines in 1962: Frequent Flyers in the Space Race - Jaunted (blog)
I was going to say that, but since last time I publicly said something I heard about it over and over, I refrained
Sam leaves O.O ? lmao i havent watched the entire series yet.
#GymPetPeeves equipment/space hogs
Staying with tonight :)
My Auntie micro braids just fell out her username is
Wow, all of his tweets are brilliant. Violence against women and "liberals are dumb, etc." Quite impressive!
A good neighbor is one that does not put a password on their wi-fi
#NowPlaying "You Make Me Feel...." Cobra Starship ft. Sabi
so it's late and i'm still up. who fucking cares. not me
A horse with a stupid name won the derby!
Everyone has a platform in life, it's up to them to determine where they go from there
arre that's what i'm wearing! but it hurts when the cloth touches it!
Happy Birthday!!!
Ima barbie girl in a barbie world!
Gloomy mothers day but it was AMAZING!!!
I'm pretty much getting to hang with the older brother I never had this weekend cc
I love me some chad American history
ok r u gonna sing it!!
Barbara Guest interview with coming soon in (via )
I told you on TC, we've had sex. I can see the future, obviously.
I'm gonna have to be more careful around you ;)
Rest in Peace Levon. I think some Whispering Pines will be spun tonight.
"Beyonce's vagina debuts baby girl!" ~ Us Weekly
just donated to thank you, mr. president, for standing up for equality.
RT : We've been spendin most our lives livin in a Bacon paradise (via )
Tabu/ Skydome tonight! Sports gear gets u in free all night.
When did the White House Correspondence Dinner become such the event? Is this C-SPAN's ploy for ratings? C-SPAN's sweeps event?
Sometimes You fucking people make me want to vomit!
I LOVE my Nuggets!!
#smnpchat preparing for layoffs now! in response to mandated large budget cuts -- on the order of millions. not easy!
Interesting, don't believe that was on my calendar!
pm The system we are developing to support #engaging #curriculum is #parent centric. Happy to help if we can
It's awkward when my friends get up to go to the bathroom and leave me at the table by myself...
definetly not looking forward to english tomorrow:(((
#lsuua LSU trying to give the game away. Good thing ar-kansas sucks!
Atlanta and Chattanooga #StreetTeam e-mails have been out. Please tweet at us if you would like to be added to the team for free-tickets!
RT : #Aloha Friday to some great peeps!
frustrating day
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 25
I love when bitches text back right awayy
what the hell
Awesome job your doing!!!!!!!!!!!! Thank you for your help with my business! You guys are great!
come on double yellow flag
Today is 4/20......Earth Day! I can't wait to see Chimpanzee the new Disney Movie, released today. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B5>
good thing you are wearing panties
Mormon posthumous baptism. I want to shoot myself.
Having a great time at tonight!!!! Thanks Indy for showing how we can kick off Super Bowl week Hoosier style!
aww why did you have to bee good? Lol aw well thas like in luch
irritated that the exterminator didn't come when apartment office said he would. missed a lecture waiting on his stupid butt.
Everytime we plan something. Some shit gotta come along and fuck it all up. EVERYTIME.
haha well i won't be 18 for a little over a year so that will be awhile from now, but i still probably will!
RT : When you prove yourself to be consistently untrustworthy, you shouldn't expect to be placed in trusted positions.
chillin at home
What would you do if you won the $640Million Dollars? I would do.. Great Things!
is open and much improved after all the renovations last week. Thanks for your patience!
RT : I'm so hungry<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
You're sincerely welcome - and thank you for the lovely words!
May the Fourth be with you!
transcribe lyrics from ur coffeestained notebooks, napkins &, not so often, lines written at the palm of ur hand with a blue ballpoint pen
Thanks for the support!!!
I HATE BUSES!
I LUV YA ASS LIKE MILL HOUSE LUV LISA
RT : RT : Follow this morning as he tweets from the Orange Beach political forum.
This afternoon in Wis.: quadruple homicide, gov. to meet with prosecutors, Assembly leader says he carries gun on floor, tanker explodes
totally don't wanna be here in school :P
Nat'l Human Services Assembly board meeting discussed" Putting Human Needs on National Radar Screen"
If you love you'll follow !!!!
Watching Grace and Hope play Cake Doodle on the iPad is fun
As if you weren't excited already!! RT : LAX airport. Damn excited to get to Vegas now!
that is so fantastic.... congrats, and i like you even more now!!!
Manu is clutch!
Joakim Noah. Make a pizza. Shoot guns.
Thanks to everyone who visited us at the event... if you want to learn more, we have open meetings Tuesday nights at 7pm
A note all drivers: It's only snow. You've seen it before. You can do it. (written hands-free with the aid of Siri)
Always great working with you. Thanks for the faith. Incredible strength gains in just 6 wks! Enjoy home and good luck in KC.
congratulations! Have you found a place to live yet? April will be coming soon!
Leftover pizza. #SillyQuestion RT “: What's for breakfast?”
What happens when any political mailer quotes & cites a news article? Is a picture the same? What % of the pic needs to be used?
Kawasaki for Wells! Are you serious, Wedge?
Soaking up the atmosphere on southbeach....
well, i had a message... not from the person it should've been from .
thank you for the visual....lol
haha noppe, a different guy x)
IFOLLOWBACKGUYS :3 Unless you don't look cool... LOL.
Bitch, you're a homewrecker. My boyfriend doesn't care that your boyfriend doesn't want just you. Go bitch about it to someone who gives af.
Is that a compliment or a slap in the face?
Had a great show tonight ;-) Now, looking forward to my next adventure! Coming soon, stay tune ;-)
can't believe I am missing the biggest mu bball game of the year tonight! I hope all my superstitions work since I can't be there...
For all you #Buffy fans: Parker Abrams is #MorePopularThanTheObamaBudget, but just barely.
No shipping? Even after two days? Daaaaannng... -K
I can't tell you how, but I KNEW you would respond to this one.
Celebrating passover with a couple of bacon cheese burgers
why is this girl named bernie so famous everyone is tweeting about her who is she??
Let us know if there's anything else we can do to help!
Juvenile #curfew laws are a poor policy decision because they fail to achieve their intended effect of deterring crime.
well played
thanks for following guys :) have a wonderful day
Ocean sex rules! Go to hell land sex! Every now and again The Simpsons captures its former glory.
I am going to post it on my Facebook page :)
That's right. It best be Eristin. That's my dream. With Ackles and Peck. :)
Experimental Jet Set, Trash and No Star.
massage is the answer to everything!
Im not trying to impress you but..... I got a sticker from the dentist
Getting weird flashbacks to The Newsroom all of a sudden. I better track down a bran muffin.
heard r kelly's "step in the name of love" at the bank today--seemed a little risque for pnc, but i appreciated it.
Like going to work on a Friday cuz I know its pay day
uber props! Totally branded her appearance -- from red carpet to performance!
Just now hearing about the Maxim article/spread. Congrats! Hope it gains you a lot of exposure and opportunities.
#Frankie Goes to Hollywood & Fad clothing. I know what people want to wear this year, if you make clothing, do something different! 2612
I can't take it anymore…Mark Sanchez is just so bad. Makes horrible decisions and does not throw the ball accurately.
Important site to know: www.Reputation.com will identify, remove and keep your personal information off the Web and commercial databases.
I'm not actually friends with him on Facebook, hence the creeping. But yeah, shady vitamins make for a real mystery killer.
I'm suddenly turned off by now.
Thank You ( :
Welcome to the #Museum new followers: , , and ,
I bought a Kala after #JCCC1 and have been very pleased.
Watched a Frontier plane land from my new job.
= another extraodinarily beautiful australian that everyone's been waiting for to get a twitter. #WelcomeGiorgia <3
Huge shout out to #mlanet, producers & for a great presentation of #mlamobiletech & awesome addition of music! ;)
iPhone or HTC (android)?
I have 20 books I'm not super focused on
awesome! Look forward to meeting you!
not possible ! I brought your present for you btw , I'll give it too you when I take you home .
! RT : Wade joking on LeBron MVP: "His 2nd one could have been my 1st one, but we won't talk about that."
is the official #steakhouse of the ! Be sure to check out our #PGATOUR Player #wines & our Double Cross Mortini.
Jan, everyone that was around here at that time remembers that one.
Check out flights to Orlando from Columbus today... i saw a $155 flight if you know anyone flying in
Knock on wood?
Come on you young lads join with us old grads. It's west virginia now we cheer!!!!
Also who are they going to catch the bad guys on horses, they can't even catch me but I am a fast doggie
i got hurt in practice smh
That's shirt's been done, right? Obamanos?
Trust me, you wont (:
hahah time to party?
haha yeah, I work at the state benefits office. So communication is my forte'.
lol like what?
im down for it lessgo
The one dinner in Washington where everyone gets a seat at the table! #HHH2012 Honoring
should be plenty of time - just don't throw them away in case you need a reliable pair come race day.
I'm no longer worried about the #cardinals. The #brewers need to stay ahead of the Diamondbacks to secure home field advantage against ATL.
I saw! So excited!
Total Freudian slip. Sorry RT: “: Digital punishing class, eh? Tell us how you REALLY feel about epublishing...”
Love if you're in love. Cry if you're hurt. Smile if you're happy. Don't grow old. Just grow up, and learn from your mistake.
Thanks Chicago for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
what's up next week?? In Baltimore thurs. and D.C. friday
well the suspense on the article is only a few short hours away! Now lets make you a Wildcat!
Work it!
MENTION ME I LOVE U
This summer we will be looking for a location to open a new Berkshire County office.
RT USA Daily Deals Find the latest deals in your city across the USA
-Thanks Mike-- and some of your favorite authors there also!
are u in Atlanta? I would love to shoot u “: haha I sorry. So when are you gonna shoot me? ;)”
Yesterday a student said when they walk into my studio they feel like they can do anything .....#thatswhatimtalkingabout. Make your...
we would love ya'll back! accept the 10%! Give us another shot! & a round of beers for the table
Looking forward to a little quality staff time and my latest stop on the bottle shop tour tonight
So bummed that & I missed this! Ongoing or just TNT? Chef Kim is doing a wicked bananas foster crepe w/maple ice cream
Kenny wants a walk so a walk on the beach it is. Who's coming? We'll shower altogether after.
Why do fat bitches get belly rings ?
looks good to me
Just learned that Bill Paxton, is the only actor to have been killed by a predator, a terminator, and an alien.
It's raining hard and there's thunder o.o I'm scared
One health care detail in Ryan budget legislative text not in PDF: If Congress finds deficit neutral way to undo SGR, Ryan can adjust
Rock Band iOS shutting down - Report: Portable version of Harmonix music game for Apple devices reportedly going ...
Chilling with a baby duck & my pup. Call me Mrs.Doolittle. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+263A>
ur welcome! so far i have Volar, All i wish for & De nuevo! ...if i had tu y mil mares id be complete ^_^ can wait for MORE!
I am now the proud owner of a new car. Don't want to have to go through that experience again anytime soon.
i miss my cousin already
cuz it's too cold up here!
Thanks for the great year! Good luck with your recruiting this offseason! Steve from Chicago.
Some freshies dropping ...
Working on a new song! Hope to get some drums and vocals done soon..
Japan's Okinawa Island has more than 450 people living above the age of 100
hello I like the look of ur site having all the links in one place
This is so true!!!
Find fashion you can't find anywhere else: www.store.ustrendy.com
hey hey hey don't delete please even tho u barely tweet me don't delete your awesome :) <3
Father God, Thank You for setting me free and aligning me to walk in victory in every area of my life in Jesus’ name. Amen!
you say it's your birthday? well it's my birthday too yeah! well, not mine exactly, but delectable turns one today! yippee skippy!!
Be mine, anyone.
Met 800 followers finally! Thanks guys! :)
It's never too early for dubstep.
I only have one because of the awesome CardMunch app. Have you tried it?
When you're a part of #TEAMSTAYINGIN on New Year's Eve...you get to enjoy New Year's Day without any bullet holes in you...lmao
yes! Need to be fully charged. Will hit you up next week.
#FF , but only if you're interested in how to show up in your life as the BEST version of YOU!
YoU DoNt kNoW iS BeAuTiFuL :)))
you both are terrible influences
Pack your bags, we strut tonight.
no. Rule changes will be minimal, otherwise game will be ruined. Main thing is the awareness re: long-term effects of head trauma
Remember the 90s when hiphop shows were a sloppy mess? The Hit Squad reunion show does.
RT if you think every single one of your angels is beautiful <3 #beautifulyou <3
ou might have ruined my past, screwed up my present. But there's no way you're going to touch my future.
Grinding Day 1b of the #WSOP Circuit ME. So weird when a tourney starts at 7pm.
Please follow me (: its 1 am Following=best Christmas present ever! Oh & merry Christmas <3 iloveyou
Hey friends: we know you're going to be out havin' fun tonight & we will too! Please: don't drink & drive! Stay safe! Call !
Yesterday I wrote to within about 6 sentences of finishing this chapter.
Death from a Bear 1979
I love my mommy(:
DC Metro's daily statement is clear: ill-prepared to handle number of commuters.
waking up still high> lololol
Why is a raven like a writing desk?
I'm home safe and sound. Thank you ;)
today was a preetty successful day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
so how long did the egypt pres debate last?
Hit me up for VIP @ ALLURE 2224 Elm.Downtown for All Star Saturdays or Industry Monday Event w/ OMG Girlz & Tito Lopez(Capital) &Party After
Don't know each other, but would love an e-mail intro!
you're so lucky I'm stuck in Cali
my throat hurts so bad, this mountain dew will be gone in no time :\
“ I didn't say it was gonna be easy, I said it's gonna be worth it.”
I did half a pull-up today. I would say it was a productive afternoon.
Working out for a bit
I WONT WAIT MUCH LONGER
Lol AW Been Right Here for a long time.. :)
Let me know if we need to talk to discuss things further bro...
are you going to be in Columbia this weekend?!?!
Erik Feig '92CC has been named president of production at Lionsgate Motion Picture Group.
RT Goodmorning Philly, such a beautiful day today! Couldn't agree more!
The first Sat in May = Derby Day! Shouts to my peeps back in my Old Kentucky Home!
been loving your narration on my daily commute. You make the LA traffic bearable!
Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them. ~ Dalai Lama
Surprise smash hit of the night: 2007 Syrah "Bien Nacido." And with good reason, I might add.
nah imtryna look up info about them
Ball so hard!
Winning is about heart, not justice legs. It's got to be in the right place. -Lance Armstrong
umm no your not....
one month and some days until school is over. Summer is almost here, Thank GOD!!!
Actually, did pitch an inning today.
Kindle edition should be out in a few days (I hope).
HOLY SHIT you're on Twitter! =)
We started #AmericasMovieNight with #AmericasMovieMorning & #ReservoirDogs...Now are we ahead of the curve or what?
"Man I Love my job" Nights Just ending. Getting back to my Hotel in Houston. G'night. See you in the morning Galleria!
I got my belly button pierced(:
If Any of Our Tweets R Ambiguous, MA Apologizes In Advance, Just Ask and We Will Clarify. Tnx You.
Doing some spring cleaning today around the brewery.
Kid: " I'm thirsty ". Parent: " drink your spit". That's what
"yeah your partner got away, but now he vegetable-like. So I sent his mom and dad a whole case of V8"
my mom was talking about peyton manning & she said shes never heard of a boy named peyton & i go mom! peyton sanders! lol
This account is pretty much dead.
month 14 of captivity...
Snowflakes are falling down here as fast as dictators in the Middle East ... and the storm is around the corner.
yeah I don't think either of us will change our minds... And now we have to get it done without rose. Go Bulls
I know. We have to this week or next though:( I love you.
what do I have to do to win!
It smells like #worms outside tonight. Filling the home with #bassclarinet #music should be a far improvement
omg I just unf niall why does he do this
If i was given the option to chose a sword or sandwich to fight a monster i would chose sandwich!
To be honest, both acts are reprehensible.
RT : If YOU purchased Reebok Easy Tone shoes you may be entitled to a CASH payment from a class action settlement...
power bars ? granola bars ? gatorade?
Good morning key west! I smell waffles!
the plot thickens.
omg die!!!hahaha
let's be #foreveralone together! problem solved :P
It has been a while... You can still download our EP for free www.historyrepeats.bandcamp.com download the entire EP you get a bonus track!
College baseball is amazing b/c the kids are all on partial or no scholies..
I love that my parents now know that a text not a phone call is a better way of getting a hold of me.
RT : Lockdown has been lifted at Mary Ann Binford.
no problem
OH HECK YES!! LOL!! RT : There is always one person you just want to punch in the face...repeatedly.
Social media policy could set parameters regarding scheduled updates, staff-initiated posts, etc. It's gray area for now.
First show for The Pinch on Friday at 9 pm or so at The Triple Rock. I'm ready.
Remember that in 1912 there weren't airliners for crossing the Atlantic, so having transport for thousands was useful.
Thursday @ 11:30 we're offering a special #LunchNLearn on “Back-Up Tape Liability Management”. Presented by RSVP now!
Spend a lot of time talking to buyers in person. You'd be amazed how many companies do not listen to their customers.
I think the complete opposite.
90% of learning happens around questions.
Everyone's Are you kidding me, who's idea was it to make MILFs trend D;
If you'd like your music to be featured on Fame Factor Radio email .uk
Yo you still comin through right? Call me?
The problem with eating breakfast at 5:30 is being hungry again by 6:30.
Still 77 here and back to 78 tomorrow!
I guess that depends on what kind of stuff goes on in this freaky factory.
Stay safe
Braveheart. National Security. The Rock. Apparently girls aren't supposed to watch tv after 2am. Not even a bad romcom in sight.
Had a great time at Court End Christmas at Monumental Church. Thanks for all you do!
Will do! Something will be sent shortly. Thank you for the prompt reply!
Getting a well-defined "until" can itself be a big step forward in (eventually) achieving OA.
follow back
It was the first of many times I will watch over next 2 weeks! RT : 1:22 left in SB 42 on What a crazy 4th quarter
PSU Department of Theater Arts continues Hamlet tonight at 7:30. Tickets starts at $8.00, and show runs through Sunday and next Wed. - Sun.
Will do Dee Dee!
Deaf, dumb and blind. "Pride"
I'd rather discuss feasible options to improve the team now. One idea: Kottaras to the Nats for Danny Espinosa (to play SS)
Just got a call about refing tonight..... That's not happening
It's tough finding a lib job out there?
mind must stay flexible like body older u r more u need to stretch= resist gravity's desire to compact vertebrae: mentally AND physically!
GET ME SOME FOLLWERS !
Can I Get More Followers Please.???
RT : Smh, Sean Williams is wearing white socks w/ his dress shoes
Yes pls, a twitter give-away !
Have you read The Hunger Games Series?
My only refuge from academia is RuPaul's Drag Race.
Hey do you have requirements for blog entries?
i love you mom! <3
Hate to say it but, #theMayansAreRight. Zito's performance today is a sign of the apocalypse.
Did I mention that I want the #Coyotes to get swept out of the playoffs? A team who might not be in town next yr should not play for the Cup
Playing T. Monk in the Gaylord lobby. Nice.
Yes, true. This will need lots of planning. Just a temp check.
First the cookies, and now THIS?!!
His homies? Yea hoe smashed them all.
thanks love!! :)
are we going to do the spirit week or not? ;D
yes. I got back yesterday. I'll be at football on Thursday
#Dodgers win when the whole team contributes. Good not to rely on Kemp & Ethier too much. Still love those homers from Kemp tho.
Ugh we are 3 hours in...maybe I will be home by morning...maybe
Uh that's weird.
That's the only way to top pancakes <3
dm We are about to go public with plans to roll out the most engaging, hands-on simulated learning to eliminate textbook budgets.
Nice of them to keep it anonymous, instead of maybe getting him to listen. They obviously know he won't listen to you.
go kill the dogs that live across the street from me
Wade and Lebron will have to go Pippen/Jordan mode the rest of the playoffs.... good luck with that.
Oh mah gewdness did u hear bout the new DogTV channel?Nothing but serene images to relax dogs left at home,for a fee of course
What Up Shad this is Mark, Moe friend from Buff State. Do you know what's up with Moe? See ya in April in ATL.
It's #HappyHour ! Join us in for $2 Domestic Beers $4 Well, Wine, Cosmos & $6 Spinach Dip, Bruschetta & Wings!
stepping out of my comfort zone
EAST BOUND I-4 IS CLOSED APPROACHING THE ST JOHNS RIVER BRIDGE - Baldinger
DC United vs. CD Marathon, Nationals vs. Rockies, and Orioles vs. Rays tonight!!
OMG GUYS, she got suspended <3 Thanks for all the support!
Hey , Nice Jacket!
Coffee with Karen Rosen at the Pan Am MPC.
haha :) anytime hun! It's not so often you visit us here at ! Glad we could make it happen!
Good Luck to Frank tomorrow!!! we love you here at the shakedown!
Happy Mothers Day Shoutout To All The Beautiful Mothers Out There. Much Love & Respect. Today's Your Day! From
depends: is there a round in the chamber?
I live right next to it! It's a pretty awesome place to go!
“: This foo really downloaded my pic from fb and has it as his wallpaper AND screensaver <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>” damn
Don't feel good :(
I can't decide if covering the House Energy and Commerce hearings will get more or less exciting now.
i think i would be perfectlu happyh right now if i could just have soem food :p
Does your kid need a boost in confidence...YAT WORKS...www.yatkids.org...check it out..
RentJuice Unveils New Mobile App, Enables Brokers and Agents to Grab Rental Leads While On-the-Go
so rt - architects being master leader. nice meeting you today @ emerging professionals #aia2012chat - break 200 tomorrow ;)
You know what I want? A pet #Liger ! Or a #Narwhal ....
fuck I just freaked out cause you guys are in Colorado. Can't wait to meet you and Friday in Denver
ok :(( I love you boo!!<3 Good Night!! xoxoxoxo I will tweet u tomorrow
we'll buy a twelve pack one day & drink it up!(:
Le Street Bloc - An anthropologic approach to street style
I have a nice ass.
Noted. Thank you!
Worst possession this game, ended by Spencer Hawes going coast to coast for a layup. Gaaah...
Patio sippin' happy hourin' social minglin' in just about an hour!! See you
I hate pudding that my grandmother makes
my dog has the most annoying bark ever
Running around like a chicken with it's head cut off... Will be heading to Detroit for Convention soon...
preparing the 1st National Smart Grid initiative...soon kick off together with the brand new Intelen cloud Energy Analytics 3.0
thanks honey bun u know I'm late
Can we bring the whole world HOPE using our ability to create ART... we shall see.. stay tuned.
San antonio is amazing,the audiance are incredible.i love singing for god
I thank for defending my right to be an obnoxious Phillies fan in Washington. Amen.
just because I have a boyfriend doesn't mean I only hang out with him..thanks you guys.
Thanks August! Hope you can make it!
PLEASE Padres! DUMP Owings. He is totally worthless even in a mop up role. Let one of the promising kids gain experience filling that role
I claim built to spills effort at redoing their music in 80's style is lame at best.
appreciate the follow fam, I'm a tune n and check you out, mind if I send u a few tracks 2 checkout, interested in ww12 u mentioned
RTT: Mile High Prodigy Promotions! #MusicPromotion #ArtistPromotion #Promoter #Online #StreetTeam #NEW TO
I think it's very hard for us now to appreciate just how revolutionary the play was when it was new. :-)
When I turned two I was really anxious, because I’d doubled my age in a year
Predictable that growers and dispensary operators wouldn't get behind full legalization, but NORML doing so is cynical and short-sighted.
whoa I didn't know you called....that.... Baseball
Completely awesome Google doodle today!
Well Hello Handsome :). I'm not a new follower but I'll say hello anyways.
Pumpkin lattes & 5 Cheese Scrambles... Oh my!!
Without struggle there is no progress..
Brb, going to sell my organs for concert tickets.
So today in school we got taught all the facts about STD's
Lions Tap lives up to expectations!
Ugh! I always forget to turn in the redbox by 9!!!!
Something soothing about doing attendance this morning. I HATE doing attendance, but for some reason the mindless plugging in data is nice..
Oh I know. But still, I LOVE the spelling bee finals. It's like my Superbowl.
Hi Sis! I hope all is well
I Know u wanna taste my strawberry ice cream( Licking my lips);)
Leaving for Cali tomorrow night for a bjj/Kenpo tourny wish me luck!
Haunted houses are popping up all over the valley. Best pick this year? Chaos at the Cannery's 2 complete haunts! ow.ly/1r6phx
Hiring for talented experienced
is right why are we wasting $$$ on attorney fees when they aren't needed for most cases?!?!?!
Did a twenty-five mile ride today. Would have been 40 except my lips started to sunburn.
Miami!!! Ready for me?!
#TeamFollowBack follow me I'll follow back
I tend to lol at your face alot.
Damn lagging on my TWEET GAME, you can want the whole world for somebody, but if they dont want it, what you want doesn't mean shit
his shorts were nearly ripped off, so yeah, fouled for sure.
I cannot believe Maria Menounos was eliminated on #DWTS last night.
Great shot. Any chance I could use the image for SFist? Crediting and linking to you of course.
1 AP exam down, 3 to go!!!
Or 'Celebrity Apprentice'.
the bounty hunters on lol
Freshman year... Perfect
Eclectic Fascination-Purple silk, vintage sari trim, sequins-think Carnaby St circa 1967-also "Twilight" "Women in Love" & "Moulin Rouge"
I think i got the lead for the play :D
The program saying I unfollowed you.
Follow our Pittsburgh news at
I'm already spending mad dollarz on plane tix and 10 hrs flying and you want me to drive 6 more hrs + gas $?! DRIVE TO VT, LAZY!
Happy St Patricks Day!! We have a FREE lucky duck for everyone who comes in to see us today!
if you figure it out please let me know
Light Bulb Head bRO hit da Light switch hahah Lol
Hope it's not to late for me
I stay in the clouds birds flyingv by and shit. Wow..never knew their wings were so colorful.
I know I stay up too late, but why can't the rest of the world operate on a vampire-friendly schedule?
they should move there and be real niggas for once..they only were in ACC cuz its soft usually
4-eva and eva!
How did I get here?
dont know off the top of my head right now i was so focused on this yr lol.
Owww! That sounds like an extremely painful day.
hey beautiful same to u if u one
you're my light in the darkness, my shadow that follow me my fallen angel<3
Kant stand dick ridin ass niggas...Like damn who gives a fuck who u kno or who u kool wit....Nigga who r u??? what have u done???
*hugs both* Thanks! Boarding :)
Hahaha! Holy fuck. Did you ask her if they're doing anal for date #2?
I know for a fact people back in the 18th century were not all groomed like they are in movies..smelling like shit n all
i wanna dance, and love, and dance; again<3
To the victory go the spoils RT : To celebrate the UK win is giving away 5oz free froyo to everyone all day long!
oh yea and #HAPPYBEEDAY #LUTHERVANDROSS #RIP !!
I've had so much touchdown candy this year my face looks like Edward James Olmos.
Toronto doesn't count because that's Canada. All they have is shitty #CFL and #NHL teams there in Toronto.
not that much, we try but i don't have a car and same with her
Better than $200MM+ over 9 years.
Giving something to read...
Lets do a Prono, for more check the news section on our web site. -- Baldinger
watching Ellen give away fun prizes to her audience of her birthday show that i didn't win tickets to! waaaaah
looks like a fun crowd at #mktCLT!
needs some money saving ideas for his company.
Thanks for attending the screening and panel discussion last night, Rob.
eh not that much! more of a sayin than a reality - did you see it?
Q. Why is air a lot like sex? A. Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
Eyes that are deep, hair that is eternal, and the body of a statue. Who are you?
(Just wanted to say thanks for the RT. Have a good day.) Your so welcome! Cheers to urs as well! Thanks 4 sharing! Fab idea!!
Every body should listen to sing! His voice is amazing; even my mom thinks so
you're amazing! Now that you have your new show, bring Taboo back too! :P
& from are doing their #BadgerHour broadcast here live from 6-7pm tonight!
RT : The size of the reward is directly related to the size of our Faith.
I've been trying to decide how to commemorate this nationwide tour I'm about to take. I'm thinking state flowers. Or birds.
Dion - Abraham, Martin And John - 12:26 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
That's awesome!
Did you attend #MWC12 this year? What were some of the key takeaways from the conference?
Just hangin. Will you be stopping by later?
New Orson Scott Card trilogy starting with PATHFINDER has a lot of buzz - 250K print run for YA SciFi
McClurken is good people! Personally I <3 his beard. also his face when someone is trying to BS him is dope
Working on the website with our amazing web-designer, Jen
Ugh I have to go back to Texas to day. And before that happens, I have to pack. No
Hurray for the #Rain and cooler
tyler what's your favorittee adele song???????
Perfect! Thanks so much for the quick fix.
Re Sunny, was having some issues accessing the program that were my fault. I think Sunny Test is great app for the money.
Happy Mothers Day from all of us at Recreations Outlet!
read a nice research study recently about how homophobes actually are scientifically more likely to have repressed attraction
April 1st #CruzTVLive we will B recording our 3rd show if u wanna party it up w/us 1st 3 people 2 hit me up ill send u da Address
OMFG This weeks show is gonna be awesome! Too bad we're only tweeting to 8 of you. Tom's pet chinchilla has more followers than that.
RT "The chief danger in life is that you: may take too many precautions." - Alfred Adler
I was 21 years when I wrote this song -> I'm just 22 and I don't mind dying -> nobody likes you when you're 23
It is Georgia though, we tend to be shirtless the majority of the summer!
I love the FDNY
Tonight's #MegaMillions Jackpot has increased to $640 Million
I knew leaving my room's fan on all day would make for A+ sleep; I didn't know it'd also save a pile of Hot Tamales in my bed from melting.
WSJ book reviews keep me from reading all the tripe I'm drawn to (see tweet below).
Trying to figure out Instagram... I keep accidentally posting!
RT : If you have #Autism or a child with #Autism but not in your Twtiter bio let me know so I can put you in my proper lists :)
LOL Luckily I only ordered one :) I want to do my part to support Adam but I also want to pay my rent.
trekking through the jungle that is ikea
lol oh well :P carry on with your pointless mumbo then xD how have you been?
Every once and a while you meet someone who really sucks.
Today in Blues History: Clarence Fountain, lead singer for the Blind Boys of Alabama, was born November 28, 1929, in Tyler, Alabama.
Kohl: Sacramento not necessarily same case. League is cooperating with us. Happy to see us make effort, wanting to see us get it done
Thanks. Is there any discussion of extending/renewing for 2012?
We will send this out in our enewsletter to let people across Iowa know. about "Santa's Elf." Kris Steinmetz Autism Society of Iowa
your life is calling......so now what???
I need to learn to determine what is real stress and what is me just not breathing.
Something I love about traveling to the West Coast: getting an early jump on the day thanks to jet lag.
The only thing keeping me sane right now is Disney music & coffee. You should see me without it!
Forgot how much I hate ironing until I just ironed my clothes for work tomorrow...maybe ill hire someone just to iron them for me ;) lol
Yes girl!
My ford focus gets louder than my dads ford f150 Lariat... We need to switch cars back...
No snow yet in DC. I wish, when I was younger, my school closed w/just the threat of snow. I'm keeping my eyes on the sky. Stay away snow.
People call is Valentines Day, I call it Tuesday
so jealous!! Enjoy
Thanks a lot man, I appreciate it!
I think ur soo Amazingly Beautiful that if doesn't take u soon I'm gonna cancel my subscription!
Thank you for your excellent information! Great tweets!
bruh you know that's my job lol
How'd you do it?
Check out for an important message. Might be new but lots of potential I think!
yes we are based in NYC contact for more info.
already read that :)
+!|~|+ VIPS GOING FAST FOR SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...NEED ONE?? THEN TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Feisty and explosive--should probably back away from Twitter...slowly. Ciao!
Hey fitness friends, any recommendations for #San Diego #bootcamps? Need to get my bride-to-be booty in to shape!
During The Notebook a rare appearance from some tears from me showed up. Allie and Noah. A love that lasts through everything <3
Deciding whether or not if I should re-pierce my nose..
well hiya big mike! Welcome!
Focusing on your breath not only improves your efficiency, it keeps you in the moment, dramatically improving your performance.
have any of the digcomics or e-reading tools you use implemented a way to "flip through" a book? Let's invent something.
Happy Mother's Day! It's really time to honor your mom, dedicating this day completely to her!
The Blazers have to overpay somebody I guess. Rather him than JR Smith...is he a free agent next year?
Big morning for hybrid sedans: Ford Fusion (including plug-in version), BMW 3 Active Hybrid.
what did I say. You betts check yourself FOOL haha jk
hm and the other
now I get it. I'm a bit slow today.
I felt completely relaxed until an hour ago. Then out of nowhere, PANIC. I am hoping I will recover my senses by 5.
Thanks! I'm very glad they have Belgian beer there - its a rare kind of beer I actually like.
i'm at the point now where i've realized that not everyone deserves to be a part of my life...and i'm completely fine with that.
All I'm saying is that WI got what it wanted now it's paying the price. Just like Bush in '04. People only complain when too late.
Ahww thank you
hey thanks. No fights for me. Stop by my studio anytime
#TEAMALMIGHTY He great !!!!!!!
club level, where you at?
in early years did children's books and YA books, then wanted to write what she likes to read: mysteries.
If you want to produce the track and mastered the song to sound legit.. I'll send you the vocals seperate! MUCH LOVE!
Oz Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck is at Curbside Cuisine, Talin Market for a Food Truck Extravanganza. Multiple Trucks Expected.
Movie recommendation is Stanely Tucci in "The Lovely Bones"
#Nairhairremovel #takes so much #time PrincessCiera
I'm the boss Michael Scott y'all bitches is just Phyllis.
Random thought… have you thought about Brewer's Hill at all? Might be right up your alley.
Thank you for listening to Kiss!
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy. A slight chance of showers early this evening. Then showers after midnight. Lows in the...
i have a good feeling yall will. Lol he was just zoned out.
If rose wasn't rusty da bulls would be killen da heat
is going to have nightmares about the Panda Dance.
Setting up a screening for Billy's Cult, any suggestions of places to host it? We want somewhere local and able to seat 100-200 people
Love hearing that! Come again soon =)
If you look up the word exhausted in the dictionary, you'll see a picture of me.
Shout out to my cool god sister for real.
Web gems.
American idol !!!! <3
#transmediaholluwood3 makes me so excited!!! The panel begins!
Apple Co-Founder Steve Jobs Dead at 56
i've played cricket 3 times and already said he wants me on his team more than you,
Well alright. . .
calls Obama's Nobel speech "lean muscular"- he recognized that in human affairs there can be a moral imperative for the use of force.
most amateur bands think they're preparing for the NBA, but they're really just playing Horse in their backyard
Confirmed: I'll be going to LinuxCon Portland in September.
Shit terd crap I'm stupid.
Interesting there's no mention of (non) guaranteed inventory or available scale.
Whatz good everybody
I know, right! You would know, you have how many cats again?
Are you hanging out tomorrow for 's birth
We've been added to a new list of Best Zombie Web Series t.co/S80i8eJ Vote for us and we'll vote for u! When u need voting.
When did the phrase "I Love You" mean "Lets Have Sex"
As in an esophogram. Got it. We once had a pt with po spillage from from his stoma.
Thanks Matt.
drunk ass nigga
Did you not watch LSU vs Alabama?
We LOVE music! It can ease sorrow, trigger happiness and even fuel up fighting spirit! Have a listen !
All my Love goes to those who lost someone in 9/11 it was hard for me to get over it cant even imagine for those who lost love ones.
JLo Made Us Dance Again :)
“: I love iphonic!!!” and I love hearing that! Lol
they really are, just refreshing to see someone tell like it is, not blow sunshine... ;)
m I just made chocolate chip pancakes! haha pretty random considering it's now 11pm. Oh well :)
because I always with you. Duh
this link didn't work. It says bad link.
I hope i just imagined part of the railroad track being on fire......
The Whinnies coming to Pepperdine University next month! Four films, three dates. Details to come within the week. Neigh!
Sad to hear about Phil Jasner.... He was a class act!!
Morning all! Tomorrow is FRIDAY!!! What r ur weekend plans? Anything exciting?
PLEAS FOLLOW THE CEO OF
So, my friends MDR, I'll see you one last time for MetCon3, this Friday at noon. And then, 'til we meet again :)
He played me a song by Ed Sheeran it was so cute :3
Minging day to forgot my ipod. Sat in a cold garage on my tod :(
Boys I'm horny and need to chat!!!
#fridayreads Loving Positively Fifth Street. Will finish this wknd. Next Moneyball.(Never read it).
thanks for a fun #smbmsp podcast. Happy Valentine's Day!!
will you marry me? I love you!!!! :D
I guess my invitation to Drake's Re-Bar Mitzvah got lost in the mail. Still: Mazel!
Using social media to promote mixed-use retail properties is our specialty. What is your specialty?
OMFG #DollyParton in this season of #Bachelorette = dream come true
I get Lonely too .
Smart to do sometimes. All this "convenience" makes one never leave work.
Needed: 1 #Brooklyn #Accent . Will trade voice boxes through June 20.
it was. but we all were very good at keeping the secret. he was so stoked after the punk'd. it was great!
So cool to hear, and you're welcome! MT Thank you for #AgencyBlueprint series. Excited to be part of marketing transformation.
u have a weird smile xD
What a fantastic gift. Happy birthday! May the coming year bring more joy than you know what to do with.
I'm watching you RT this on your Mac right now(; let's get to number 1! #RolexOnKROV !
Time for a Taco Time break-the chicken soft taco fills me up w/o slowing me down.
what's up
We need a coalition of DH scholars to develop system for public presentation of copyrighted "big data" collections
Finally downloaded Thank You Economy, 10 minutes in and you are right. Your Q&A led to a sale. Good work my friend!
The Coheed & Cambria cover and the fun. w/ Hayley Williams cover of "Somebody That I Used To Know are great. But I think we're done now...
I don't judge. That man shoves pheromones through the tv screen. I'm totally ashamed too.
Im home sick againn! Ughh, I feel horrible.. Haven't been on here in a while.. Anyone wanna help me feel better?:)
Need someone to text... Any takers?
goodmornin team mindless
Yes! RT : Ready to start using Zotero with Chrome and Safari? Percolations are imminent for standalone Zotero alpha. Very imminent.
#mygrandmaiscool cuz she's now at room temperature.
Just published my new Timeline business page...still getting the hang of it!!
“: you're welcome” --- hows ya day so far?
I am wishing for a major twist to happen tonight it would put be awesome Lets keep hoping tweets
I have the same name problem as you. If it were me, I might try to use my name plus a modifier of some kind...(1/2)
If cab drivers were interested in conformity, they would be bus drivers.
Watch what people are cynical about, and one can often discover what they lack. George S. Patton
What's next for Amy Senser? How much time is she looking at? Where will she serve it, if at all? Our legal experts weigh in on KSTP at10.
Oops!...I did it again...
Would it be totally illegal to use a picture of on a credit card? Cause I really want to
they are.but he's written some of hte most life affirming, take no prisoners, get out their and conquer the world songs ever
Getting ready to take on the Cutler this weekend. I wouldn't be ready without ...it all comes back to the best support system
these are used and were cheap! Now outrageously overpriced. :/
wtf u got a hang over @ yo job shame shame April
lol TNT just referred to Dirk as 'Mariano Rivera'
Mother's Day is always difficult for me cuz my mom died on Mother's Day :(
YOU freaking rule! How was your thanksgiving?
Aight Joe! I see you on here. Thanks for hooking up my pops with the fly hair cut!
Nah, I did it the 2 days before the party. But I had a really great time doing it! (I did have a lot of coaching from ppl w/kids)
Earn free food + help DC food trucks. Volunteer at #curbsidecookoff May 5 RFK Stadium! Email .
Yes, indeed. That's why I'm not a fan of Wendy's Frosties.
not going to prom now !
Ah so excited!!!!
Can't upload my logo for the Teacher Mastery/Feedback Competition due today. Any suggestions?
#NowPlaying #NP #lovesong by #Adele and thinking about the great times we had...
If u aint in the studio, u slippin on your PaperGame!
and ur wearing green & red pants.. Xmas ;D
O... That would be a fab match-up.
The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation. ~ Henry David Thoreau
Cool! USA and 15
Thank you for showing me the truth.
In a state of gratitude...
beautiful weather in indy today --- hope everyone is making the most of it!
my thoughts exactly
#RomaticHorseNames Silver Charm, Sidney's Candy
Not to hyjak.. but I'm having a delicious Mojo Monkey donut right now, too. M Mocha.
Thank you to our new followers, we appreciate your support!
you still aint say what it was im lost lol sorry
What else would a bad ass cop drive?
counting down the days till I can delete these people on facebook...
Do you live in Logan Square?! Me too. I did not know we are neighbors!
dat monkey can't sing slave FACE IT
Thanks for the retweet! I 'preciate ya.
our publics--the idea that we can have many audiences?
the smell is from the end of the street they burnin garbage
Looking forward to #fallingskies . Hopefully Spielberg has another hit!
16 & pregnant is NOT. RIGHT.
Yea. This entire family has been
It is not a good idea to have a funny show on the tv in d gym when your working out. Lol
Hope everyone has a great weekend!
My friend is having a party at 10. I don't know what to wear though.
Having the problem of trying to translate a great idea onto the page. Not as easy as it appears.
Watching a marathon of re-runs of Ice Loves CoCo
belated whoopee 2 on easy transfer! :)
I could give 2 shits if those brownies are burnt, gimme one now... right meow!!! My roomies love to bake! Another perk of being a
24 hours left... "The World of Missing Persons:" a short film with sadness, humor, and peeping toms! Drop us $5! Help us out! kck.st/l07pb2
The later I stay up, the more I keep telling myself how much tomorrow is going to suck.
looks good! have you been? Hey, what are you doing Apr 21? or 20 for that matter?
3:00 (AT) at the top of the world
We're most proud of even with economic downturn, we stood the course. On the "bottom 10" we have trained execs who give opportunity to them
Ok watching #horriblebossess or #throwmamafromthetrainthe next generation not bad
apples go good with Nutella! :)
., how do I delete files so they will stop coming back? I tried closing desktop app, deleting online, and permanently deleting
I would like this news site even more if they had an equation a day. Still chart is much better than word a day LOL
RT : RT : If you don't want to use #birthcontrol, you don't have to - but all women should still have access to it.
SHE CRAZY NOT DENZEL! !!!
My Pain My Purpose My Destiny Begins Thursday Night. LADIES we are going to talk REAL & no excuses but solutions
that text you get from your boyfriend threatening to break up with u..... #bouttocry #depressedtweet <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Playing tonight! Hope you guys are ready..its going to be a good one
My problem with Jaws is, unlike the Jungle Cruise, it's the same exact spiel over and over. Nostalgia isn't enough to be a saving grace 2 me
Oh come on Tony I thought you were a pro when it came to extracting information!
I need coffee! I'm at work so early this morning, I even logged in to skype before
good luck !
Super excited to geek out at #ConvergeSE today!
Up early -.- FML
lol! See, I was about too tell you! Nvm now... Lol
Check your local laws and start enforcing violations, the patrol bike works great
And Joey is SO cute...Ugh Ross and all his ticks lol!
Watching 16 & Knocked Up reminds me to show my kids pictures of herpes when they get to that age.
I remember head down after you had found out manna is a hell of a drug
enjoy yacht weekend! Happy 4th
So lame. They're going purely for shock value. Hate to buy into it and add to the convo but really pisses me off.
Ready 4 whats about to go down TONIGHT! MY 1ST SERVICE WITH THE TWIN TOWERS OF POWER (APOSTLES BRINSON & CLARK) let's get it!
Nice! I can appreciate that.
oh that movie looked interesting, ill have to go see it now :)
What geek movie would you like to watch on our next movie night?
All week!
yeah. i mean my view is, dont eat too much, cut back on sweets, exercise and you're good.
I'm gonna wait a few days then reply to this tweet. Oh crap!
lmao I don't wanna tell her I ain't goin either
LA Business Journal: The 50 Wealthiest Angelenos special section is now on sale at your local newsstand. Check it out today.
Who is coming to Friday for our show with The Lemonheads. We have tickets for you message us or email us.
don't give up. we've tried > 100K rows. is your data public? if so, tell us where to get to test
you live in downtown now?
Gorgeous day out...what to do?!
Buckle up. RT : today at noon, another , and discussion. Today's topic -
Thanks for following, Tony! Follow-back done.
Does anyone actually get mail that are of use or valid? I just get damn flyers and credit card newsletters! #USPS is a waste!
That's hilarious
Don't miss the big Coney Dog Sale and opening of tomorrow.
Today is a present to myself that I will open in the present.
Cant sleep tried but my mind likes to wander all over the place #hoping good things will come soon
Saw The Dictator. Good flick. Would've liked it better if The Dictator had used his air force to destroy the Battleship movie.
Jake loves his fans; it means Jake loves me! Haha. <3
I'm a big hit at #NN11 come by to booth 706 and get one! Also drop your biz card and win a History of Dem Party Poster from
My feet hurt!!!
Adam & eve don't eaat that fruit !lol
And this is why I say LIBERTARIANS ARE TOOLS OF THE 1%. The 1% and corporations want no govt, THEY make the rules, we suffer.
Did your little brother win his game?(:
i am back from Halloween trip,i had a great time,love u all
There are many people who assume that the meals or foods on the Nutrisystem flex diet plan are entirely different
Sarah can you give me a shoutout please?
Thank you so much! I appreciate the comment a great deal.
I don't know when I decided I was good. I've just been singing all my life. Both my parents love music, & so that's (con't)
Is it sad that I'm excited about Lisa Loeb being at ALA's Midwinter Meeting? And yes, I do realize its not 1994 anymore ;)
I love toast!
wish I had a heads up about their casting. I have lots of vacation time to use
P.S. - I guess imitation is the sincerest form of flattery but there's noting like the real thing baby!
No orange juice with my 4am breakfast this morning? Not a happy person today.
OK :) hope everything get wells
thank goodness..I didn't follow you to be intellectually stimulated gurl
I think it's like learning styles-- location tech need to adapt to support diverse spatial modalities (and it is happening).
Survived the back to school block party. Didn't even have to climb onto inflatable obstacle course to retrieve crying child this time.
i be that pretty muthafucka eagle tuck is wat im reppin
Ready to rock at the Silver Moon at Lake Oconee, I'm playing all night!
Waiting for the sun to set before attempting a 4.5-mi run. It'll still be 94 degrees, but hopefully won't feel like it.
I bet Joe Lando's even older
how many more?
thanks cutie, but where r u? <U+E405> ahah
Sounds cool.
yes! Seems like all people care about in music is Bieber and not Ed, when he is a lyrical god & actually writes his great songs
Charles de Montesquieu~ An author is a fool who not content with boring those he lives with insists on boring future generations.
when are you coming to florida??? Peace,love,VANITY<33
it's sad how easy it is for me to be inbox zero on my personal email account.
I hate myself for my piss poor self-loathing skills.
Life is to be lived, not controlled, and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat
Better than a fairy tale. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><U+2728>
37% of students have used their smartphone for academics in past year.
2 chainz just bought his third chain
I hope karma bites cancer in the ass.
Hello Mr jones.. how have you been sir :)
are you on tour?? N agreed. Too much n it'll make your hair fall out.
#lib #addy test at 8 pm
I feel & look like shit right about now.
It was totally random...but thankfully no shots or stitches. Just a good cleaning & some antibiotics.
ya it does big time but oh well
OMG! Sh*t on a Sh*ngle. Haven't had it since the war, but love it. Thanks!
oh well. Brewers are in shambles. You be starting today if not illness.
Strange noises in the bathroom
are you going to change the dlc playlist on TDM,KC,Dom not all in one u are forcing us 2 play modes we all don't play...
Los Angeles Blues will be taking on The Mexican U-20 national team on Feb 25 international matche at Titan Stadium, at 7 p.m. PT
": You know aint no otha move BUT #Next2Naked Mansion Party Tonight !"
Thatz good eating;)
1 of the advantages to not having all my apartment supplies yet: dish-washing detergent is actually a much better hand-washer than soap is.
Thank you, Erin!
woo it's a cold wind in Boston, not any colder than Atlanta last week, but that was COLD! Looking forward to ALA and RDA anyway
Yeah yeah! Things still work in IE
it just comes on and suddenly with out warning or anything
Thanks for the Fishroll. Nice try.
When you selected your career path, was it something that you had always wanted to do?
You know.. The thing in the thing next to the thing behind that thing and yea you know.. that thing.
The Bachelorette starts tomorrow* *My Monday nights are free again
it's pretty handy to monitor discussion boards from my ip otherwise...drunk monkeys.
Run Run!
Two really bad calls by refs tonight costing the Giants points.
its really not that deep. It didnt even taste good.
Cee-Lo, come save our girl!!!
you look at me like you hate me, when i didn't do shit.. all i did was tell you straight up how it was.
are you sure? I think I saw you at Five Guys chowing down a meal and free nuts! Hehe xo
And paintings don't represent church doctrine and you why would there be any pictures of Christ if church wasn't christian?
Tiger Woods Poker Night With Phil Hellmuth, Doyle Brunson
will you still be going to away games?
Marshall! I watched that 5 grade play we did & I was like oh I wonder if tessa is on twitter! :)) Dude its been a long time!
Hahahahahaha, I am tripping off of these #2Chainz tweets<U+2755>Lol, y'all crazy! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Tell Your Mom Us ICONiacz Said Happy Mothers Day!! Shes beautiful, amazing, and we Love Her!! <3333
Happy bday to my homie Already know its gonna be a wild one. Haha.
Way to kill it out there yesterday my man.
thanks so much for the follow! If I can help with some new furniture of any kind or a new mattress I'm your guy!
Why do people foul EVERYTIME playiny basketball... its like the point is to NOT foul. My body is in some pain right now
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 29
lol I'm sorry I fell off twitter, but u gonna be seeing me more, I told Frogg u ready, don't need no grooming, u in there
he's like a walking strap on that even a Grandmother could love
tonight's #mrcampusfreshman contest will feature good night? we think so! Shorty's at 8pm, be there!
jorge: 8:15am Houston was hit hard. Flooding everywhere, trees down, trying to get to city center. Power out almost everywhere.
Multiple services...One bill...One point of contact...From One great provider..Globalnet Telecom.
To my FB friends!!! I'll be reactivating my Facebook again... Just had to take a brake an catch up with my family. Make It A Good-One!!!
Not sure the day would feel complete without a conversation about sluts with
your boy Brady looked like a little punk yesterday. He didn't win that game at all. If anything, he tried to lose it...
idk but i think twitter
my sister sometimes -_- at least she was nice enough to tell me this ti.e
Thanks to for a fruitful program today! I AM inspired... but ready TO GET TO WORK!
you make me LMAO! Thanks :)
Trying to send some #CBC brewers to the show tonight. Tix available? Set times?
what to do todayy
I'm done playin around wit these girls that wanna act grown but still got that lil girl mentality
": At Amc 30 With About To Watch #SafeHouse.. I Hope Its As Good As Everybody Been Talking Bout!"
Don't see Chris Bosh being out hurting the Heat's chances. They just need a healthy LBJ flopping around for 3 quarters and Wade for the 4th.
Goob, can you make the video available on mobile? Looks like it's disabled. Damned Websense!
Break from the #nfl Drat
Thanks for stopping by and buying the Goddess arm chain.
That is, I think, the natural consequence of interacting with students. =)
I told you
Awesome place for a meeting! RT Great OnMilwaukee.com brainstorm lunch at Beans & Barley
exactly! In Texas if you don't like avacadoesssss you get funny looks.
Tickets are still on sale for the last three showings of Urinetown starting at $6 for PSU students!
Thank you and - Cameo is poppin on Tuesdays!
one request: a lot of customers are confused about the "pay with other" option - is there a chance you could integrate card payments?
Look whose back RT : Just did a final recording for the song "Nandito Ako." Feeling a lot better about it.
Someone please explain to me why the #Brewers continue to think that Gallardo is the ace of this team?
that shit NEVER happens and I think they are trying to lie to the sexy blonde girl just to see if they can get away with it!!
thank YOU! RT : Rocked today!! It was great working and meeting so many great people!!
Golden Globes party at my place. You're all invited if you bring Ricky Gervais with you.
What's This by Fall Out Boy is my favorite version :3
Is that on hand in DTLT or do we need to search for a source?
Attended the Listening Session last night at the Clarendon Ballroom--great group of entrepreneurs throughout Arlington County!!
After watching all four seasons of the Battlestar Galactica reboot, I'm definitely rooting against Watson. Machines = Evil.
You're not coming?
Great weather for a motorcycle ride, if you took a layup period on your bike insurance please call your insurance agent before you head out
KOLBY Y****S make me fuck you up and I bet I i will not take ur ass to siz flags asshole
Did you see that the deadline was extended to the 15th?
It caught me last year. Missed yesterday and am watching both tomorrow.
Drinking+Smoken= me knocked tf out
I've searched without luck. Let me know if you find a good printer. :)
All of the Detroit talk is making me very homesick. Keep up the good momentum Detroit!!
Why is a women's prison called a penal colony?
I actually found some program that erased all of my twitter history - very refreshing!
"Best" is also tough to answer - "Favorite" = His & Hers!
Just finishing up a video I did for my next single! Big news about the new song coming soon! Very soon!!!
thanks for the RT :)
Hm ... what should I wear to tomorrows party?
<U+E01D> Up Or Get Flown Over
RT : Celebrate #SBW2012 with Get Down to Business: a free, action-packed, nationwide series of business building events!
Nfl suspended players take ur punishment like professionals &move on!
Make sure you have the right tools to do your job; easier to handle tricky situations on social media /via
"Master your senses, what you taste and smell, what you see, what you hear."
Trying to pick up the pieces.
Losing 28 lbs. and keeping it off for a year is good. Building a business while doing so, great. :)
It's so much better when the fam is in the house. Spring Cleaning
I'm wishing God's blessings on everyone. I hope you all have a productive day!
Had NHL 2 x's R-CHOP is the best-but side effects are nasty. Read Amazon, "A Pocket Full of Posies My Life With Cancer."
Is there any better feeling than leaving work 3 hours early on a Friday to watch opening day baseball?
can't rape the willing
Reading fashion magazines, trying to work out what's in vogue in beachwear on French Riviera in 2009.
Justin once said, "A girl could be sitting on her computer right now, trying to get noticed not knowing she is the future Mrs.Bieber" ....me
what!?!? you had to defend yourself mayor....
Shout out is to
I miss you too): I wish we worked together!
Did you know we have a pretty nice selection of Organic Sake on our list. We will also be bringing on some biodynamic wine selections soon!
I know, right?
I thought you already finished the dance to "Up All Night"? Eh, either way, I wanna see it! Hopefully it isn't complicated.
thanks! Would love any feedback you have. ^MB
I can say something nice about Sarah Palin. She's got nice hair........if it ain't a wig:)
What I want to know is, how can you have an NHL team without someone named, "Nils" somewhere in the system.
yes yes (I was thinking the same thing)!
I couldn't access my #PR course text online, so instead I got down to James Brown all morning.
To all the cool students we met #Twi2012 Icreon is looking for intelligent informed marketing interns. Apply on bit.ly/ubq10k
For every prohibition you create you also create an underground. -Jello Biafra
I'm missing you too boo<3
Contract Bobcats and Hornets, move Kings to Seattle.
": what a mess “: stay sober Charlie...stay sober...#today”" definition of shit show
I'm trying to get happier guys. I'm really trying. Everyone tweet me. (:
That guy at Hartman today was sucking that Lollypop like a dick lmao.
Today's going good, ready for tonight! :)
Haha, no way, that was a PUNWIN. ("Movie Tyme" itself is a kind of a pun fail) WE DID INDEED! That job was a gravy boat, man.
Why, thank ya Miss Lady Ma'am!
Ughh, Exams all week! I gotta study my butt off! Wish me luckk!
For a league that's supposed to be fun to watch, calling an illegal screen with seconds left in the game is the opposite of enjoyable.
We got a rally going, uh oh uh oh
we're proud of you ladies and what you are all about. Glad we could be involved! See you very soon :)
thanks! Hope to see you soon
Yoav Potash accepts Prize: The stories that are hard to tell are the stories that are worth telling.
Yum! Sounds wonderful!
I might need a non-date to go with me to the ferris wheel in OB before I hit up C&C.... offer yourselves to me.
astrology chart
Thanks Milwaukee for another wonderful week. See you soon!
nope, not invited. haha
iMISS ALL MY THUGS EVEN MY LIL THUGS WISH iCOULD SEE YHU GUYS <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
you have to come by the booth at #Fabulace Just ask for me Carl the camera guy we would love to meet you
which guy exactly I've installed 3 times but they all good last time I went Paul did it. So how much you getting them for :))
I'm back and it feels good, minus the fact I can't sleep
#Rachmaninoff #piano concertos are to other #pianoconcertos as #ZeddieLittle is to other men...
what looks certain 2me is the DNC's counting on #WiPeople 2blaze the trail; do the work; 2B the example.
Smh alot of these bitches cant even fly without their lucky hat ! lmao
hope you're having fun(:
Happy May 1st! Watch out for cops, they lookin to cap their quota by the 4th #justsaying who knows by u tho that applies to Kenosha Fo sho!
#MomentWhen you can't deal with stupid people anymore -__-
Okay, I know I'm a month overdue with the exaltation, but damn the new Bon Iver is good.
The green makeup for the Wicked Witch of the West in the 1939 Wizard of Oz got it's color from a dangerous chemical, copper oxide.
RT Win tickets for the Texas Testosterone Event! Submit your fav. submission to . Include info!
AWESOME!!!!!...wow, that's cool. And now she's like super duper famous.
In the words of Dame Joan Sutherland - "Kisses on your opening". Have fun.
How do I not know of this hot guy you speak of? lol
Love this..."Follow your own muse"-Morgan Freeman
Follow the Red Sox Alley Show on our #Facebook page and subscribe with iTunes
I know same! I'm like who are you and why do you want to know where I'm eating and drinking
Dang I anit.got no friends
Security line at PDX is very long
Trolling is a art. :D
Plus, if someone asks "Consider the tree or web of all life throughout earthly time..Is it a god?" can I confidently answer no?
Why is it so hard for people to recognize the damaging results of their own dumb actions? How complex is 2 + 2 = 4?
ok and I can only tlk on twitter
idc that's just pathetic
miss you as well. <3
#Controversy2 LOVE IT!!!!
Have decided today is the star of another 4 day heat wave! No I haven't looked out the window yet..
on the phone with , i will always love you when HE doesnt.
yeah we're opening for them on their fall tour. Played Austin last week, pretty killer show. 2nite we're in aspen CO, milehigh!
If you suffer, thank God! -- it is a sure sign that you are alive.
ugh… 90 degrees in Topeka this weekend… No Bueno :(
I'm ready to play some good ol' Vancouver dodgeball!
lol it was a long day, and i was very exhausted. :p
I did text you back about going to hooters? My phone is a piece of shit
cool love
ask and you shall receive :)
the new trendy restaurant Balena is the place to go if you want overpriced, overhyped and underwhelming food.
Just Wanted to say Good Morning #TPlush and we love you!!
Great people talk about ideas. Small people talk about others.
I'm starving!
Greedy landlord broke our sublease to raise rent and we now have to find a new office space in 2 weeks. Ugh.
awake! Been going strong since early this morning!
Time for a reboot me thinks... Let's get some stuff started and going. Come on dude! Let's get to some creating already.
Alliance has been focusing on work in 2 areas, education and health
I agree.
Thanks. 30 days research/outline, 30 days 1st draft, 30 days edit, 30 days final cleanup.
#RIPHannah Please make this a TT she was a true belieber!!
CALL ME MAYBE
Air travel actually seems to lead urban growth.
Great work! RT : finished the colorado 10k in about 54:20. it was a definite altitude adjustment. state 24 is done....
Shah Rukh outstretched arms...the moment we've been waiting for
I'm working on copyedits. Another writer refers to "seaworthy Vikings".
Nope ;p RT : I'll Have Another wins!!! Coincidence? I think not!!!
You don't miss me, you miss my attention.. there's a big difference.
Visit Walmart.com/pharmacy for more information about Walmart's expanded prescription drug program.
Conservator in church lab makes his living preserving history
I can't wait for u guys to hear it! "Boyfriend" cover coming soon :)
So tired but I need to get this run in before our 6pm calltime tonight. *thinking on a mission* GET UP AND WORKOUT!!!!!
RT : I need some testers for a Pantheon bug fix with new site spinup UI. Next three people who ping me get an invite code!
Doing the pizza thing for din din!
Went too hard in the paint at the gym yesterday. Owwwww
RT : Special thanks to our #smallbiz expert for joining us tonight!
lately I haven't heard from you homie! Damn a nigga can't get a reply or retweet Smh
seriously jealous you got to go to Ricobene's!
"he didn't wanna marry ME" Obvi when she finds out joe is getting married
Innovation, Part 3: Your Users Want A New Product, Do You?
why are you pooping in the bathroom right now eww that was the guys room
how long are you in town for?
Don't let people's compliments get to your head and don't let their criticism get your heart.
Or do like I do, and always wear shoes you can run in.
Haha so cute! <U+2665>
Hi Mikey <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Found myself sucked in to watching Alien Encounters on Science Channel last night. Quite entertaining & thought provoking stuff, actually.
Somtimes it feels like the older people get out here, the more immature they become! -_-
launches inquiry into arbitration clauses in consumer financial contracts. Study could lead to a new rule.
HA RT : come pick us up lol
So very true! Sometimes it is much easier to create a new reality than to face the facts.
No more vitamin E supplements for me...don't want prostrate cancer!
Reading comics for science! ... I mean research...
asdfghjgfds what. I'm mexican he's not. Hahaha
not even saying anything about lbj vs kobe. all im saying is espn grills lebron for passin/ listening to coach
a mac user using chrome from denver, co via qwest comm (184.96.160.11) just tried to hack my contact form lol
Thank you so much for retweeting my article. Hope you have a good day.
Thanks Preston! The Law Insider is looking great!
Omg! U didbt tell me u got a laptop!!
Somebody with a good beard should turn on the lights!
You ain't shit with out the head u a du rag
Standing in line waiting for jahvid bests autograph at 12oaks.
OMG Justin Bieber followed me because i followed Today!! WOW!!!
Two words: Quadrophenia. Criterion.
Hurry up. It's roaring toward us like a steam engine.
Million dollar ideas are a dime a dozen. The determination to see the idea through is what's priceless
great article on CNN. Will check out your blog.
is up and running! Stay tuned for what's happening!!
John legend >>>>>> I wish I.could sing
I don't understand why Vilma waited for the Commish to give his sentence and THEN defend himself. You knew it was coming...
no. Jk you should!
Me neither. But I've been surprised how long it took to build scipy on ubuntu running on my laptop....
Congrats! I would appreciate an introduction if he is open to one, as would fellow #socinn in NYC, Boston, and London Eng.
Going to sams club with my girl annie!(:
I wonder why all the songs I'm listening to have a 'shawty' in some part of the song.
When people take forever to text me back. I take twice as long as it sent them to send it back
don't be responsible!
There are 6 mangoes in a basket & 6 kids eagerly waiting to get one. Each kid is given 1 mango, yet there's 1 mango left in the basket, how?
“I am convinced that life is 10 percent what happens to me and 90 percent how I react to it.” ~ Chuck Swindol
youtube will have it in a few hours
Thank you so much!!
Gossip Girl's Blake Lively Most Desirable woman in the world
love that Paul book, too! So helpful and easy to understand.
Check out www.christieohh.com New Blogsite!
tomarrow is my birthday :)
#Quote of the day: "When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this: You haven't." - Thomas Edison
Hm. Should I head to the Palisades this Morning?
This block just won't end.
English class: the place where books are written, read, & burned......
Sometimes the only way is jumping, I hope you're not afraid of heights.
lmao sorry D;
This poll is sitting in front of me right now... Who do you think will be #1?
great point and very true
Needs a Baltimore restaurant to host dinner for scholarship participants and families, anyone interested?
The weather has not been cooperating but we sailed this morning!! Hoping for some great keepers!
i finally found one lol, This is America, so speak english,!!
Productively using my skills and seeking new avenues to produce explosive material and provoke thought through consciousness.
Solidarity is when you pass someone with a hoodie on & you both give the classic head nod.
Do I have to answer that now? I mean so many people will see it.
Let us know what your favorite room is? and the memory that went with it.
is he going to UK my man?
I like work: it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours! ~ Anonymous
anatomy definition
Thanks! We got a great reception at our premier at the Nashville Film Festival. Excited to share it with the magic community!
watching the news ignoring the sounds of hunger in my tummy. :)
The when I know you're lying.
O_O I'm bout to just sit on the floor and laugh till I die.
It shall be
Eating frozen yogurt outside at 9:00 PM in February. I like this.
On a lonely street shone hands and faces/of the dark, I left/our misappropriated shadows in/ shapes like horizontal plans....
Did I stroke out or did Mitt Romney basically endorse Ron Paul in the middle of that debate?
Wisdom is developed with the stride of life so walk with strength
I'm pretty fly for a brown guy.
Going to pick up my tix for the summer jam and hopefully get VIP if not all sold out !!! Cans VIP sell out lol idk but like I said ???!???!?
The Maya Long Count Period for the 2012 year figure of 1872000 days represents 98.6013 calendar rounds of 18980 days.
that's when niggas really had to rap
Woww is all I can say.. R.I.P Whitney Houston
Today in 1989, the 27.9-mile-long Berlin Wall, separating East and West Germany, was opened for the first time in 28 years.
A BIG thank you to Michael Anthony's Catering for being one of my sponsor In this year's NYC AIDS Walk
Need to increase your FICO score. e-mail for free booklet at .com
WATCH OUT FOR FINES BRO!
It's all #Dextraordinary !!!!
Thanks, I'm up, eating, and moving about which are helping.
I would be even prouder if your matrix had only one option, and that was NOT LEAVING US. But yes, OCD abounds and I'm pleased!
Hug my sister's guts out. And then show her your feet. She hates feet.
& they told me some things that my mind didnt change
RT : House just passed the #DREAMAct. An important step in letting hardworking students pursue their dreams of higher...
#1personilove for helping me out with this lit terms project :)
Got the electric, water and Internet set-up for the new place. Ready to move!
Despite dark skies, local food outshining politics at Alt Bratfest at Orton Park.
One friend moving to midtown. The other to Brooklyn. Realizing you'll be stuck in this crap town forever ... Depressing ...
Any feedback/suggestions on site would be greatly appreciated. In the meantime, I'm cooking dinner for my in-laws.
Tanning mom looks like an old piece of beef jerky!!!
Sadly pretty typical for JCP.
Seriously thinking of nuking using personal email. If you can reach me via Twitter, Facebook, every chat protocol in the universe, text..
OMG, that is fantastic! cannot wait to hear the CD and purchase it, it will be awesome, I just know it!!!
Let's go Bulls. Need a run to end the 3rd quarter.
Off to my fave Thai food !..
Triclops. Yes. Google it.
Yall better get ready for Mr.Kee new single "Jeanz" featuring D.A.P,comin soon. MONSTAZ BALL BOI!!!
KS 1075 Xmas Bash tonight at comedy works DTC 7pm. Come chill in the Boost Mobile lounge sponsored by yours truly. Fo shizzzzle!
ONLY 9 MORE DAYS till you are no longer BRACE FACE! (: either way i like you just the way u are.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!!!! everyone :D
Did the video of 's session on Silicon Valley lessons get posted? cc
If you like Pumpkin Pie Ice Cream, you'll love Pumpkin Cheesecake Ice Cream! Come try some tonight!
RT : the sun! always a reminder to smile.
I would like to tell someone else the good news, if only he would answer his phone... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
I know y'all remember putting hands on Atlanta Falcon Andre Rison on national TV, I'm sure be could have smashed em both..
So there's this thing called
Happy Easter weekend :)
The talk seems to be heading in same direction as ome #hybridpedagogy convos.
you just upped the ante!
#Bo7 #Alone I never understood why people think it's strange to be fine with doing things alone !
Don't forget to make your way over to MyTennesseeChristmas.com to see how to enter to win $500 shopping spree.
trying to figure you out.are good girl or are you a very very bad girl.i don't really care.i still love you for who you are.
How is your New Year's resolution?
Hey boo “ Mmmmn”
mind your business. Its early
The Yolanda Adam's Morning Show co-host will be on the show live today at 11AM CST on
I feel like you'll never follow me .. /:
Andrea May in Minneapolis. VP, ID Services for Dashe & Thomson.
Vision. Would want to see as well as large cats in the dark. All my other senses are well intact! :)
CNBC says eating sweets for breakfast can help you with weight loss. I knew I was onto something!!
Send me the business email. Thx
Just saw a clown... No Wait... That was just the "average" Portlander... He had on red jeans, green sweater, pink hat and a blue belt...
Jealous. Going anywhere fun?
I've heard it was a suicide. Is that true?
keep doin your thing bro im proud if you. Dont stop. By any means make it happen. Make this shit happen
So tired! <U+E406>
ugh so lucky :(
Can somebody get KNOCKED THE FUCK OUT already?!
Thanks for the RT. We're learning a lot about motivators behind making healthy choices at
Ground turkey Mexican crock pot meat loaf comming up! A little freedom in the meal plan is nice!
I have learned over the years to NOT show emotions. Bc 9 times outta 10 when you show you care people take it for granted.
Agirl doesnt feel perfect enough until a guy tell her tht she's perfect:))
Preacher says "i dont think yall hear me" when his sermon aint tight lol
Ooh, I'd love to win one of those shirts in the giveaway!
you is good company. :)
Earth Day! The Gentleman Dancing Master continues at IUP (2PM Waller Mainstage); Winter Storm Watch tonight thru Tuesday. Up to 6" snow.
A hashtag is for channeling content, to facilitate conversation
Haha there ya go!
Don't let the snow stop you, let's go #Nuggets!
Have you seen Zebras at the Balloon Fiesta? They are volunteers dressed in b/w who coordinate a balloon launch.
Okay x) RT one of what? text me back fucker!:) RT : aye fuck face I don't got one myself :/ lmao !
I was born before technology and was supposed to be a boy up until the very last second. I think I'm still a little confused.
I hate to say it but the #Sixers are gonna win this series! Willing to wager a bet?
Once I stop giving a crap about you, good luck getting that back.
When errybody else FAILS U, U Can Count On ME...DAMN THATS A BIG RESPONSIBILITY...
Nothing can be better thanks to kick it with you
good luck! You can do it! Give it all you got! Random words of encouragement!
Magnalogix Hosted Predictive dialer, stop hand dialing and start Smart dialing! Contact us at 866.460.6611
u a clown bro ...had me rollin
#There are many things hidden behind my smile;&:\
Subtle difference between mouseenter/leave vs mouseover/out? Two mice enter. One mouse leaves.
ugh people really need to go up!! you are a senior picking fights with freshman!!!!! #YouWillLoose!
free miles and seat available
ugh i know. he's a bloody guy and he's still prettier than me.
Watching the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade!!!!!!!
when are u all coming to DC?? or did I miss it??
you are too!
Come see OUTTA SYNC live with us tonight from 6:30-9:30!
Wow - that's def not what they were expecting for that campaign!
Thanks to all the people who came to the first KC vBeers Special thanks to Bob Jewell for picking up the tab for the beers and food
you said it well.
You mean there isn't a terrible blog about me! I thought I was famous!! Didn't know spam could tweet dm's like it did.
I don't Give you no good reason but baby please don't give up
When you assume you make yourself look like an ass!
Come to Florida I really wanna meet you!
Hey ... are you following me (back)? :)
My goodness. Only 7 hours left. People are still getting in. It's not too late (yet) for you too! www.PortlandBoatTours.com
There's some weird ass animal noises going on outside..
love the painting! I redid the starry night back in a high school art class wall
RISE OF THE PLANETS was @ the state fair park midway n milwaukee on thurs,dont know how 2 act
me too haha you're better off.
Monday has 130 cappers with their action posted with a consensus from their pks on Cavs & Kings with a college total also
Haha:) he was cute !!
goodness yes! He did a lot of the college games on ESPNU this year
omg. I teared up a bit <3 love you!
Trial seeks improved lung-cancer screening by combining imaging and biomarkers
The cousins are reunited!
Props to Barry Alvarez on the HOF. About as no-brainer as it gets.
Just a little school girl trying to design some websites in my pajamas. HeadWebMaster.com tell them Kathy sent you
Make sure you go to the beach club at the WYNN HOTEL!!!
Looking for infographic ideas: TSA, veteran/mental health stats, suggestions?
...gotz to figure out how I am going to fund this BCALA Library Conference this summer. I might need to start a lemonade stand.
How I love you ham scone
Good morning! Yeah Brewers! Beast mode!!
Looking forward to meeting you!
#iDislikeItWhen people act like there all bad,when their obviously....NOT!!!!!
Back from a fantastic #foxfield weekend back in Cville. Now ready for the #ManchesterDerby. #united!
my bad:p
I'm there Tuesday, Wednesday, and the occasional Friday. See you next week!
Dear , aren't you tired of controlling your paper orders? Overthrow him.
following me? perhaps<U+2665>
The Road to the 20th Anniversary Show: Trivia Question #6 Who used to play Bass in Red Letter Daze?
only a few lol depends on the beer I suppose :)
Can't wait to introduce Forbes editor Carl Lavin to some interesting Milwaukeeans tomorrow. Rich Meeusen, Tim Sheehy, Tom Kintis....
i thought i was following you already and vice versa. new account?
What do you call a marketing strategy ... aw, nevermind.
Fellas all you have to do is be Real and Respectful to Woman
Rest with the Wild Things, Maurice Sendak.
I'm excited!
when you coming to Milwaukee to ?
I doing the same...except laying off the sauce part it hard!
I like how you think! RT : There's only one rule: I will not lose.
sadly no
Watching The All-Star Celebrity Game!!!
I mean you grown af stay out of little kids conversations!
Yeah! Definitely! :)
right, like that's gonna really happen
Found out last night a major project 'go live' date was moved from Sept 2012 to May 2012...good times, good times...
helping a friend move + church + Easter dinner with the in-laws
I hate girls that try too much to get attention
I supposed that's good for me to experience.
Hard Boiled Men on #kindle for
I'm so jealous I wanna be home!
Surly Hell arrived at France 44 today, Surly Bitter Brewer is still available.
Thought you were closer to Silver Spring? Our place is by the Silver Spring Metro, which I spose is more neighborly than Bmore.
Oh my, sounds nice! What's the rule?
go suck it
I'm having trouble loading your site, are you having issues too?
Excited that #NSAI #TinPanSouth are in #themusiccity once again
an evaluative hypothesis…
Why rehash negative news?? This is 2+ weeks old. Goddamn
As soon as the first wave of torrent downloads are complete we will start the streaming portion of our festivities.
you must have an obsession with Leah lately.
learned so much shit this weekend! thank you and
Customer success is what drives the long-term success of HubSpot in its mission to transform how businesses do marketing
My head hurts & all this banging isnt helping.
Right!! Lol! Needed this last week..Geez! RT “: so much easier for when you needyo snap a pic asap”
#jimrash is brilliant!
GOD IS GOOD!
Why did Facebook purchase Instagram?
On July 24th , 2010, 8:22 p.m. Louis, Harry, Zayn, Niall, Liam officially became One Direction <3 And my life was officially changed <333
Always a pawsure!! RT : Thanks to our favorite party animals!!
yo g I gotta girl who said she will cut herself and give you a lapdance when you come to portland
TONIGHT: The Swamp Rattlers play at 8 pm
I gave my son a Seattle Mariners ball cap, thus including him in a long dark cycle of futility.
PickUpLine: I can play the Flight of the Bumble Bee on a touchtone phone with my tongue.
thought I was the only one who noticed it
Whenever we are at the same place we will kick it.
My sense is that the Homestead Act largely codified existing practice. But pioneering/squatting is a good one.
Nigga out there breaking bats
Preparing for this week's show airing at 11 am on Sun. . We will be talking about rights...and also the government shut down.
Watching dolphins swimming right now <3
can't believe how much i like paul anka's version of 'true' by spandau ballet...
I wonder what Judge Trudy is going to have to say about Amanda Bynes getting arrested for DUI...
I can't wait to sleep. tomorrow... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
RT if you think Zombies own xD
gotcha. I didn't know they sold food. Cool
#WhatNotToSayDuringSex This #SexualEncounter is #BroughtToYouBy #Trojan.. #Trojan #Roll one #Down before you go to
y u ganna b n the newspaper?????
Listening to #DearMYRTLE on #Geneablogger radio broadcast.
Thanks for the follow and for your vote to protect Indy workers and CHILDREN.
hey I dropped a question on the FB page for Moves Count. No answer. How can I get an answer?
Supporting Franco Garcia's family, missing BC student, his parents own our favorite Peruvian Store in Boston
Say one more bad thing to me about #Oomf and I will punch you in the mouth okay ?
I'm still in Kansas until Saturday. No snow here and none on the forcast until next Monday. It's very cold but no Snow :)
surely there are water fountains in the dorm?
thanks for the tip and telling me im not crazy ;)
We won't beat you up. Violence is a tool women seldom use or even think to use.
I get there tomorrow! Will only have half day to tour...after work of course! I'll say hi to your fam! ;)
watz good doe
when will i see you?
We sure are fans of and his daughter , and their healthy eating and healthy living tips.
i pray for the people in japan. have visited there several times and the people are really nice. may god bless them.
U need 2 make a decision that UR making this change & delve into it. The best thing you can do, is DECIDE that you're doing this...
i haven't talked to in forever!congrats on the baby girl ! i babysit if you ever need someone.i'm sure she will be adorable.
OR Books "handselling on the Internet."
So I'm washing my face in the bathroom and out of no where my brother walks in and starts taking a shit..
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that! I know what it's like to watch from afar; I missed RootsTech last year b/c I had just had a baby.
I don't mind living in a man's world as long as I can be a woman in it. - Marilyn Monroe
Ach, Das ist aber schade, Shayne. As you might imagine, this event is all about the transplants of the Twin Cities. #Sante!
you should follow then.
"Well I'm M.C.A. - I got nothing to prove Pay attention - my intention is to bust a move..."
#13MillionBeliebers can't be wrong. just kidding. they can be.
What's this I hear Chuck Brown passed away? No way...it can't be so. DC MD VA...the gogo world is now in mourning.
The truth is, I'm just trying to get more followers so I can ask you guys to be a part of my mafia family on Facebook.
people in my house always fighting and just starting drama just shut up theres kids in the house
I'm well:.. Staying motivated & faithed up :) :) u should come to NYC on May 22!!! DM ur email and I'll send you info!
People ask why the rims in our Gym are so "loose"..I tell them its because played there! Keep attacking the rim!
Peep bot poker? Are you with or against it?
Going through a divorce, not getting the results you want? Call me, I am the best in Nashville with contested divorces (615) 250-8000
2 More Weeks of School Left
"OK campers. Rise & shine. And don't forget your booties 'cause it's cold out there" <3 bri
Listen on reverbnation, either way. Pies gnarly.
OMG!!! Ate you here in Boston???
Goal for next year: seek connections between science/STEM and literacy. There's some cool stuff out there.
Transform your body safely. MindFirstFitness.
Interesting q! Audience is one directional; sm community is multidirectional. Sm communities both listen and speak
so this awesome cool person asked if i could do 21 things about me and a turn on and turn off so hope u guys like it :)
Give me a shoutout? I do Ariana Trivia.
CAN YOU EAT TOO MUCH?
are you fucking me Ashley?! Get your words right, this is so fustrating, just go listen to SUB-lime
Heading to my first IDEA2010 this year. Just registered and lookin' forward to it!
I will. I'm eating right now though.
Make it your background!! Just love us!!! :)
Sounds like Thailand is the place to go for a cheap vacation and/or place to move while trading for a living! at $17 per night its doable
Oh did i miss you orginal chicken wing
Saw Bob Marley documentary last night. Amazing #leadership - I had no idea about so much of what he did.
Great fight. Bruised, bloodied but brilliant - a real and true champion.
guess Billy O'Brien want too distracted to draw up a game plan.
so scary & terribly sad. just saw on news, had no idea how bad it was! thank goodness you guys are ok!
Ovie is like omg I could have won zeee game.
Goodnight Twitter
sure you weren't on the set of Legally Blonde 2: Red, White, and Blonde!? Happy heart day!
And he never will. #FlopCity RT : Chris Paul can't ever beat the Spurs.
Last day of 30% off on bitchimfrom.com
South Asian Artist emerging and established, Sotheby's and Christies focus for next art boom www/zanbeelart.com
The Bright Side: Five Things to Love (and One Thing to Hate) About Monday Night Raw (04/23)
Celebrate the weather with $4 margaritas tonight at John's Place(s) in Roscoe Village and Lincoln Park. Awesome outdoor cafés!
Wants to see TheVow but no one to see it with!
#kohacon11 is starting. Welcome from Principal N.G.Bedekar of VPM Thane's College of Commerce and Koustubha Kale
Excited to see my one and only true love in 20 minutes
“: what? what'd i say? i blacked out.” still hearting u!!
How bout at beer for your Monday and some Great Thai Cuisine??!!!
Free Bar + Work Tomorrow =
Someone come do my hair for me please
What about the office? I must admit that I will be going back to Vilas this aft to try to finish this draft.
Have switched from caffeinated beverages to alcoholic ones... and the writing continues! *hiccup*
Nice! RT : no rain for pirates game tomorrow
hell yea me to this fucking ran
"life is like a shadow, it never stays in one place."
are you serious? Idk how I'm the crazy one, when I stooped. When I'm just sitting here calm as fuck? And I didn't do shit.
become by achieving your goals Zig Ziglar
Come on Vandy! Don't let me down!!
Haha...where are the tops? (:
just finished your book, congrats on all your success.
hey, my wonderful FAVIROUTE pop group, it's Tom Tomalin here, brown hair, blue wheelchair user...do you know who it is,......
so glad my paper was pushed to saturday
Ha. Came very close!
follow me back :)
advantage Cardiff!!!!
Thanks for coming, Tonia! We had a blast! What a wonderful night!
Condom Slogans No. 3: If you think she's spunky, cover your monkey.
I won't see my baby :(
JOAN!! you look so pretty!!!!!!
thanks for sacrificing your safety to teach survival skills. I'm an Eagle Scout but your show taught me a ton of new things
thanks to YOU maam :D
Semester is over. Yippee!
Wow Johnny is a bitch
"If you can ad, make today count!"—Delano Johnson Embrace your Creativity!™ ;-)
Hello everyone. I will not be that long here. I love you all guys! :)
he the tall white kid that all the black guys let shoot cause it looks good! Lol
it's exactly what I feel now. bit dizzy due to allnighter yesterday--shanshan, intern at Studybreaks
In times square....sparkley.
Great meeting with Harvey Smith of www.CarolinaBusinessCoach.com. Smart bright guy. Feeling business owner pain? Call him.
I was just writing to you and Twitter told me to "be more clever" and now I'm pissed
Love that book! But get the tissues ready...
BET mine as well cancel The Game now :(
Its no what everybody else makes you its what you make yourself
Scientists gather enormous amounts of Dada.
"Kosta Koufos is starting a playoff game. Your argument is invalid." Should be an internet meme.
Damn boy he can sing to me any day of the year.
Uncle Vanya, Chichester and Print Room, review: Dominic Cavendish is equally delighted by two productions of Unc..
Now this is one pop-up we don't mind seeing!
My admiration for continually grows.
Today is Inspection Day! Loaded up the fat dogs and driving around Rochester killing time.
we have in the studio. hit him up for shout outs and request. 644-9850 or txt the studio at 98500
I hate u mom I wanna see my boyfriend ok
Museum-A-Day: Oliver Kelley Farm. 19th C MN Feminine Identity & New Thoughts on
And ....... S/O to Gotye for sounding exactly like your album ...YOU ARE AMAZING
Rafter k saturday ready for the rank bulls
Got to figure out the chat. I need a voice everytime I have to restart Chrome. SN EATSHIrT__ Thanks
All those JB fans who didnt see his movie should really c it because it is an amazing movie that really gives u a different feel 4 who he is
I just met 2 of the weirdest dudes ever!
I know I'm late to the party on this, but why does Twitter randomly make my account unfollow people?
Thanks Dirk, looking forward to your tweets.
#dollhouse cancelled. sad day.
It's different to be sent links as part of a conversation. WA-A-AY different.
Drive Safe Everyone!
Acidic Swamp Band live show starts in 30 minutes at Beach Hut Deli, Davis CA!
“: Disappointed” keep your head up kid <3
saw the show for the first time tonight.. Pretty tight man!! Have a new fan here!
listening to the rain. Trying to watch some football.
Colt cabana
thanks for the follow and thanks for all the help in Amsterdam! ^zb
I <3 you very much... your lyrics are intense <3
In South America, say no to anyone wanting you to deliver a suitcase of powdered sugar to their grandmother in Miami
TWO 4 TUESDAY! 2 new songs from our new record '...I Spent All My Money on Speed Metal' every Tuesday till it's release August 28th!
Smith: Rose Quarter must move in mixed use direction.
#CyberMonday: Take advantage of Morton's special holiday pricing... PLUS free ground shipping: ow.ly/7tnBD
600hp should get me there in about 4 hours. #maxspeed :)
So not feeling it today. 8 school days until spring break
Who is excited about the 2011 spring break in vagas? bc i am
Great to hear! Thanks for the compliments!
Getting my Watermelon Juice and Vodka fix.... Love this drink
you convinced me. #ITotallyDidntBuyTicketsEarlier #Iswear ha ha ha
i love rumors, i always learn something new about myself.
..exciting cross-over events being planned..creative talent .. mobilize this year: Austin Java downtown, Jan21, 12-5
sfdailkf via Buffer
Where the fuck are you? Why can't I get a hold of you? This is so crazy insane. I'm worried to shit.
Did you try balsamic vinegar? That seemed to really work for me. They are a pain when they cling on the rim!
Are people everywhere really raving about doritos locos tacos? They look like diarrhea wrapped in a deer hunter's jacket.
Burlington Mall evacuated as swat team searches for man who possibly has rifle. Live coverage now on 7.
Is eating 100% Natural, MultiGrain Fig bars... Yum!
- Yes sir, TWO GAMES AWAY! Newcastle & QPR to get that trophy! Phenomenal team, from a phenomenal league. ;)
Jesus be the center <3
The "Can't Say I Do" movie was only the tip of the iceberg,
It is much easier to apologize than it is to get permission
Um yeah... Just realized that Cinco de Mayo is on Saturday-o this year
Rivers Club with and County Exec Rich Fitzgerald
' I'll catch it eventually!!
Murder is the case that they have given him.
-LOVE! Yes doll, enjoy!! Love the print!! Ty for the tweet & pic! xox
You should get it , it'll do for drying the dishes.
Fair with my baby <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
aww that's too sweet thank you
maybe i'll go to GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
The show was amazing!
U should change your bio your beautiful
Pumpkin Spice Latte + dissertation writing.
just Kim has joined INFP so far!
by the way how bad have the last 4 loses been. Brutal
hahahaha I really do. (: &
Enjoy girl!! I know I will!!
Wind chill... numb feet. This is what endurance feels like
That's map-worthy! Please send photographs (exterior and interior) to andrew at domu dot com.
Slum Village to ease the nerves <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Windows down, sunroof open, rocking to some #Polkaboy :)
What flowers do you like best for your dining room table?
GOOD NIGHT
Ugh. I'm turning into the Grinch.
Keep calm and Be ICONic.
my main criteria for pj top: that i can wear them all day on sunday and reasonably pass them off as a legit shirt
Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela was inaugurated as the first democratically elected State President of South Africa today in 1994
i love how Elise sings #Vienna . I'm jealous. lol
Had a great time tonight at Beauty Bar! Thanks for having me !!!
brb while i go CRY my eyes out in the Corner </3 :)ILYShawty<3
Song 4: Awesome
seriously guys. :/
We've coined a new word- "fringey". Thank you
If main storm mode continues to point south of SW and SC WI thru Wednesday, might have to wait until the weekend for benefical rain chances
The inevitable has happened... I didn't even have to wait that long.
#FF love to great health & wellness tweeps!
Hey, psst, Let's get 100 followers by the end of the day! Retweet this and spread the word.
I'm not even tired
I don't know why...but I want to read The Outsiders again.
Also, the #Brewers game time is not 6:10 pm anymore.. how will this effect the event? Can you play radio broadcast outside for those waiting
well FOX does own the BTN so there's a good chance.
Si think I may try it ha.
Rox win, #Nuggets win... Good Friday indeed.
I have not seen anyone else say trapped firefighters.
Feelin' good! Stayin blessed my guy! Hope your enjoying your Friday! #StayUp !
Just wanted to let you know: U R A LIEING PIECE OF SHIT!
Today I went to my last film class EVER. And now I am sad.
So many frogs, yet no prince charming.
Hope everyone enjoyed their long weekend! Happy Tuesday!
queen latifah had a good time at our good spot at 105 riv. the party is hot!
[We live. We learn. We grow] To respond is positive, to react is negative. -Zig Ziglar
Hahaha. I can see the tweet. We also got some BOMB posters! (YOU JUST FAVORITED MY TWEET. LOOK AT YOU USING TWITTER AND STUFF.)
Shticks that need to be retired. McCord's mustache, Sager's suits and Berman's "Back Back Back."
That play just had two #NotTopTen plays in it.
Andre Miller still mad Camron said he got a basic game.
A healthy 12yr old is a know-it-all brat-idiot packed full of entitlement. Parent accordingly.
It's been a LibGuide kind of day... Led a LibGuides User Group meeting, and lots of questions followed. Good thing I love LibGuides!
Now you're free to be the lonely life of the party.
Could congrats on your record label I wish you well I know you will do great del
Who's ready? Go behind the scenes and meet over 2,000 best friends tomorrow and Sunday at in Oaks!
lmao translation~ save all ur butthurt for the loss yall gonna take
I'm sorry I talk to myself
Wizards in Winter is one of the best Christmas songs ever! Just sayin'.
The Lion King, True Lies, Speed, Clear and Present Danger, Naked Gun 33 1/3, Maverick. Not bad.
I AM IN NEED OF A MODEL FOR THE COVER OF STREET GROOVE MAGAZINE follow us www.twiter.com/streetgroovemag
who was i to think that shit would get better.
Heard an obscure song from the friend of a sister of my friend and shared it with my friends, now it's on the radio. Small world after all!
Had a dream that I saw Justin bieber and hugged him <U+E421><U+E416> WHY
Why am I up so early? Maybe cause it feels like golf weather
Kim Looks AMAZING and HOT!! Go Kim!!!
Hey! Can you guys please play "Old School" by Chuck Wicks?
Nigga watch how I bring the hype to your front door!!
looking forward to your article about trendz boutique and for national cash mob day
Tonight's #AfterThoughts w/ includes 's Dr. Heather Nathans, Professor in Theatre, Dance, & Performance Studies
I hate people who brag about meeting them & this girl who called her self prettier than us? LOL my dads chest hair is cuter
so glad u enjoyed the slaw!!! :)
Who wants to be my twitter buddy? Any takers.. please? :D LOL
What a compliment! Thank you!
back from puerto rico!!!
#unions built this city.
I have 2 very important things 2 do tmorrow; Get Universal Orlando pass for daughter, find out why water co turned off water at the rental.
plz follow its my birthday and it would b the greatest present ever other than ur voice lol;) plz follow
I'm pretty sure it would end up being "Answering Machine" with "Static" or a cover as the B-Side.
Just not camera shy <U+E405> and i bet u dominated!!
impossible sick like not gonna happen sick
thx for the mention!
what days are you down here? Wedding Saturday afternoon, but I'm around other than that
I appreciate that! #Radio # Entertainterment #Internet #jazz #DJ's
I went shopping without the kids yesterday and it was so easy to read labels without distraction that I bought twice as much as usual.
Thinking about signing an executive order making free for all NC residents. That should get my approval #'s up a few points!
#IfYouKnowMeWell you know not to mess with me when im pissed!
Yum, there goes my diet! :)
Tonight I'll be finishing season one of Game of Thrones. I'm hoping for a Dave Coulier appearance.
for serious photographers Facebook & Instagram are totally inadequate. Flickr still has a lot of active users, though I get your point
Yeahh she was begging me to follow you... I was like Meisha I'm already following her !
juliet is good but have to keep it moving;) avenue next!
That's from SEPT 13.
RT : Where the Mild Things Are
Just landed in MIA. Home sweet home. Off to DC on Friday. 1st time in DC :-)
; you'll kick some pleasure butt! (:
he also drinks a gallon of milk in under 41 seconds!
My only advice is that you should be on LACasting. Self submit, it really does work. Commercials usually are not open casting.
Oh yeah lebron we get paid millions to mis free throws
Thanks, you too! Lovely start --latte and tulips from kiddo.
Power is out but i still have my phone. Youll have to do better than that Mother Nature!
"A man can lose sight of everything when he's bent on revenge, and it aint worth it" ~ Louis L'Amour
its cute how everybody changes just because one bitch comes around
Gotta hate it when that happens! Was the bar totally hopping or what? :)
you were right the first time. But yeahh...
hey girl heey
good deal. Missed the end of the half due to the debate religion question.
just found it! Haha :)
Mitchell strikes out the side in the 3rd. Skinkis, Martinez, E. Cipolloni coming up in bottom half.
Ah Damn!!
Today is 8 weeks with no caffeine at work. Should I celebrate with a Monster?
I didn't know Martha was a photographer! Awesome, thanks!
I hope me & #oomf hangout over the summer >.<
Spring Picture Day is coming on Thursday, March 22! Remember to send in order forms that day too.
Nice. Enjoy!
Omg lol. Why aren't you in school like you shound be.?!?!?!?
we apologize but our show tonight @ Andy's in Denton is cancelled :( sometimes no matter what you do, you cannot defy the will of the gods
Just photograph a surprise marriage proposal on Twin Peaks San Francisco that makes # 28th bay area photographer wedding napa silicon valley
jogging was good now ima eat me some dinner
Look what I read in SD today: Photojournalism (or candid photography) at weddings is actually becoming a growing trend.
please calm down... I don't want to have to come put money on your book so you can buy some honey buns..... :-)
In a session with - they will be casting a "Lock Pick to the City"
Scantron shortage. Freaking out.
The notebook is on and I'm stuck watching princess protection program.
Bryce Harper!!!! It's. Happening.
So excited to see #50days :)))
If you were teaching in a desert classroom & could only use 3 web 2.0 tools - what would they be & why?
Hi Jackie!!! Be nice to Brittany, she's a good girl!
im bored...lol
no- DPW not saying it's perfect now. Still a work in progress; that's why council members say a 2-year moratorium is needed
too many Brazilians calling themselves Cyborg
RT Did you know is in the top 10 US Yelp Restaurants & the only one in SD!
Digital: ability to scale our experience, our story, our influence
It is the period between now and My Day of Judgement which will take place @ My Second Coming that you must use wisely 2 prepare your souls.
What is the Safest Car Color?
Have to give it up for the VERY impressive supporting cast in #Wanderlust. Surprised at how often and hard they made me laugh last night:)
Tip: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in Oklahoma City!
hmm that's one way to look at it..,bit harsh lol
Tune in to and tomorrow to see ! All morning they'll be talking about their Spring Luau, 3/22.
Well this has certainly been one hell of a #Friday13th. Very disappointing day. My give a damn has officially busted.
Need to write > need for a dresser.
The Undercover Weekend has begun! On
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYCASSIE wish you the best.
": your fuckin dumb lol" was that an insult or a compliment -______o *Peter Griffin voice
Barefoot Drums of Houston- Motorcycle Ministry for abused Children Need Biker stuff?? Go to: www.barefootdrumsofhouston.com and brouse!!!
how did you manage to "possibly" do that?
you still owe me lunch sir
What is that ? It took me to my google sign in page :) look fwd to your tweets,
God I can't wait to hear it! You guys keep up the great work.
Quote of the day "I wish we had more gorilla hair" OH at Palace of Fine Arts
To let the turkeys get you down. 1-2 years seems right but they should draft a QB this year.
What is the worst pickup line ever used on you?
"And though my heart is torn, I will praise You in this storm."
Will be doing a local show here in Mpls MN if anyone is interested in this Cowboys music let me know. I'll give you event details.
hey, u get my msg on FB? wanted to see if i could do time at the comedy store, landeau referred me to u
I'm booked at Laugh Factory April 2nd for Mockery Monday! 8pm. Direct message me for my VIP guest list! It's gonna be sick!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Internet isn't working so I'm stuck listening to the radio while I'm working. It's going to be a long night.
I have LRW but I forget that the 1st episode is today.
Oh my final is at 1... Not 2? Cool
Thanks Natay! Just got this. Hope you had a great Easter and always great working with you!
If you haven't seen it yet, check out our friends new music video!
Come join the fun
what lib are you at? We can have our own No Addie party
it's just a lot of pain but fades quickly
Liberman: In reproducible research data and code are shared and extended by members of an open research community.
Thks to Angela Cervantges for always supporting & inspiring us w your creativity esp. @ the Latina conf.
Is it me or are Black men becoming extinct in television drama?
been there done that. mine was a yellow pole. feel ur pain re:ur special edition beauty mustang in autobody/ slamming into pole
You know you have a pretty cool family when you uncle is laughing about watching the hot problems video :')
Baylor's uniforms brought to you by Digger Phelp's highlighter.
RT : have to say, after seeing the entire Jill Milan fall collection, we want every...
has a higher slugger percentage than Ryan Braun's batting average. MVP much?
Medieval Times doesn't count as a sporting event competition.
Just got home and logged on. Looks like our girl broke a big orioles story today and a local web gal got a lil jealous and huffy. Jen rules
What is with this wind
really!? Its over? I thought you said we still had time?
how aboutss sunday for ticket delieveries?? :)
RT : Cold War Kids are playing Audience and Something is Not Right With Me back to back.
u wrote "I think my couch is staring at me." When mine does that, it means it wants me to spill a beer on it
I KNEW parker and bud were plotting our demise together!
Good luck!
Good Monday! Where would you want to be instead of where you are at now?
Anyone know of any museums/cultural insts. using social media as an evaluation tool? V. interested to hear examples
Just saw my client 's TV spot on !
five boys* sorry, im drunk.
Santa Barbara spotted prawn....poached in lemon butter. Fuck me.
that's a good ideas, I've kept somethings, I glad you are doing well. what you have coming up
100.. happy birthday!
Sadden by today's passing of Elizabeth Catlett she left an eclectic handprint on the art world and Black Arts Movement. Missing u big time.
Best of luck!
NSR should have characterized her 15 years of experience as writing *at* higher ed rather than writing *about*.
I submit that telling stories of evil behavior by an actual entity = implicit accusation
Alumna panelist: "No one on this panel has said 'We're here making our fortunes in libraries.'"
I'm the same. I used to get myself in trouble.
RT Openly share your data. Who knows when someone with a fresh view will chime in with an innovative solution
Phil Forte, a kid I started training in middle school, is 1 of 8 guys competing in the 3- point American HS Shootout on CBS.
Rules: no hats, no cell phones... I am not sure I would would make the cut.
will be praying for you!
sounds nice!
dude have u seen bob?
gotta say: one of better decisions in my life was watching Thor on the computer while Pierce drops 90 on the #Hawks. Gods among men
The past 20 days have probably been one of the weirdest 20 days of my life.
RT “: On '180' - Living With Calling & Mission w , and "Getting Unstuck" w 3-5pmCT ”
I have tweeted you loads of times and i know im not the only one the world that loves you:( but Please can you follow me<3
omg agreed I can't wait till its over done FINiTO!
Almost time for kickoff I think we can get another great result tonight against the Whitecaps
they were 11% and thanks for miss peterman ;)
hate to wish any days away but I cannot wait for June to roll around so I can enjoy me a little #market action
Was just thinking the same thing. RT Hockey so much more exciting when its 4 on 4..
#ifjuicyjretweetsme I'd roll one up.
So much I could say
Funny story about Eugene huh? How many bags of doritos can eat lol
With friends at the grand opening of Kris's Restaurant in Palmetto Bay on former site of Cooper's. Give it a try.
jump too soon, & bad things happen.
happy is as happy does
Tryin' to hit up Platinum Party at #Foxwoods tonight! Anyone going?
Does anyone have ooVoo? If so my username is kiaranewman1D! So yeah! I'm bored so yeah! (:
absolutely not! I fell asleep at 8 pm. Was this a repeat of Easter? Sure felt like it
Hate when people judge others and don't even know them.
How do I take this back to my business and improve it. #TamaraLive cr8.lv/tamarabiz
tues phone call? dm me your digits
thanks!! You looked amazing in dress and dress! So fierce.
Me: "I should post to Tombrarian again." Her: "Yeah, you should."
damn whats wrong?
Getting ready to speak to the students at St Johns Technical High School. I'm jacked! I love talking to students.
Got work Later
Watching The Vow :)
yes! It's Sunday right??
Can't DM you for some reason, but it went well! We're featuring timely content - many more opportunities coming up! :)
For those asking, our #OneforOne Campaign launch date has been pushed back till November. We're sorry, but stay tuned for more updates!
dang the one person that hasnt text me in awhile
you ate it already? :P
WoW! The show was amazing!!!
honestly that cover is a drug. I cant stop
Don't painfully sore abs make you think 'I must be doing something right?'
Why can't I reach 500 followers
Coffee david? come on all mental
I know what your problem is
For the record, I haven't had a pair of Guess Jeans since 1987-88. But when I did, I was super cool, in my mind!
Chimpin' is easy. RT : Dig the new Sherlock. I'm an easy mark, though.
A Girl u see me u like me follow me
Any convenience store that requires the customer to wear pants isn<U+FFFD>t convenient at all
"People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing. That's why we recommend it daily." Zig Ziglar RT
for only 21 followers, I'd say it's not too shabby that my avg follower has 8213 followers. Of course may skew that # :)
Omg....I'm finally on twitter lol
Hot afternoon and a cold bud light..<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Going to jam with pops on some blues and hendrix. Using the Strat today!
kicked my ass today, body in pain!
My response to the "What will be the next big trend in social media marketing in 2011?" q on LinkedIn just got lost. 404. Grrr
Lawmakers expect Secret Service may oust more agents - Chicago Tribune
That awkward moment when you’re late for class, and when you walk in, everyone stares at you like you killed someone.
Up until today I never thought I would see a grown woman yell at a sandwich. Thank you, crazy co-worker.
Is it Tuesday or Friday? So confused! ;) Thank you FS! See you tonight
Interested in seeing some more Poe?
haha i broke the hook tht keeps it closed.lmao
When I have warm pee, it will remind me of Ari<U+2665>
Real talk I feel ya.
#WithoutFurtherADo #musicvideo oh god def need a video gonna my #1 promo for the mixtape
you've come a long way from the mandarin collar.
“: Happy bday bro. Don't get to crazy. Love ya” thanx bro. I made it to 24!
Omg! #Priceless <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Come on Dear Mama 2-Pac Best song !
Ugh! Danng this sucks :( #Dodgers lose 3-4 against the #Cubs. #Dodgers are now 18-10 in the season
thanks, skeeter-make-my-heart-beater.
Do you throw it to Early Doucet
My family is crazy so I know my child dont stand a chance to be normal
Venture Capital Draft: Hot Prospects, Part II
If people are trying to bring you down it only means that you are above them.
There are 3 kinds of people: those who can count and those who can't.
With Graduation fast approaching and with many speeches to be made, I am offering my services as a speechwriter to anyone who is interested.
And comes out swinging! Good to finally hear!
Hm what's new...the #tigers leave more men stranded on the base paths
FOOD TRUCKS TO BE DOWN INNER HARBOR THIS SATURDAY 12-5 ON LIGHT ST, COME DOWN AND HAVE SOME GOOD FOOD ,FUN AND OF COURSE SOME ICE CREAM !!
Alec, I agree with you, but can you define "unhealed"? Because I think depending on your definition, Pearl harbor is as well..
have a safe trip. sorry i didn't get to say goodbye, but it was great hanging out with ya!
After a 30 hour travel day from South Africa to LA via Germany the jetlag be kickin in pretty hard.
what it do
that's the lion king!!!
Yeah. I look real good today.
What gets me out of bed this week: Fried egg on a biscuit with sage, gruyere, tomato preserves. Best thanksgiving leftover experience ever.
" Follow your dreams; they will give meaning to every step that you take."
We can change culture of any organization but it is hard work
Your thoughts create your life. The challenge is to choose thoughts of the life you wish to live while experiencing contrary conditions
<Need some new ppl to txt>
you seem to be pretty close with hmm... interesting ;)
Edward Lear is one of my favorite natural history illustrators! Thanks for the reminder that it's his birthday.
sad day mourn the loss of an amazing soul rip Whitney
Hey - good to meet you at coffee this morning!
You went to the tomb of doom?? How was the clown with the chain saw?
Played poker at Rivers last night. Won $60 in a mere 72-minute session, which will result in a massive 3RP post, coming soon.
I am missing you! RT “: I am thriving at cafe gratitude by myself :[”
How to Legally Setup Your Own Rap Record Label
lies! You love me k bye
Hillel smells of baking challah. Tonight Occupy Hillel and a presentation of Israel's tent city movement. Shabbat Shalom to all.
#FF Happy Friday for yall Food Lovers!
" hopefully its true :-)
Kobe vs. Lebron for the trophy. Its going to happen, and at that time, its put up or shut up time.
Lunchtime dilemma: Fruit and -- a protein shake or a #Cadbury creme egg???
You're 16 stop talkin bout gettin so drunk smh if my sister talked like that I'd have to open a can of whoop ass on her
Wish I could say the same!
kush on deck
UNM Lobos basketball team putting a whooping on Air Force tonight, very similiar to the one Romeny did to Newt in Florida.
People these days. Thy are unbelievable.
Yeah, I'm not doing that for the Mets.
so velvet room sounds like the move for tonite
The cloudy days make me feel sad.!!! :'(
Haha! "it's in the peas!" Psychic lunch lady from Ned's Declassified
hanging out tonight after Mel's Diner with Patrick, Joey, Lauren, Derek, and Paris was crazy fun :D
1-3PM every Monday, check out wkco.kenyon.edu for the Testube radio show. I'm playing shit that's been buried for decades. I promise.
Aha. Makes sense. Very interesting story too.
i hate you! you weren't here! and you said you'd rub my back
of course!!
Let's Have Sex. ( : that's all I wanna do
Don't miss "Fantastic Mr. Fox" and "Bon Appetit" presented by the Microscopic Opera Company Sept. 15-18. Get your tickets now!...
Define viable!
In addition, we will be picking up crossovers from this new show to go into WRP, which will finish editing in conjunction w/THE UNDERGROUND.
Doesnt matter what you think , im not here to impress youu .
Perfect with a beautiful day! RT : Hanging out with and completes my life:)
- Now Dev in their defense it is a good environmental move. The use of bottles for water is a really terrible problem in the US
Wow! Good for you! Sometimes it's the material, not the action. ;)
Headed to Summit Point to see !
The boy has a voice but it doesn't connect to his eyes.
Does anyone know there is a second half to WOTW? Or do we only know the alien invasion?
trill over triflin
guys, I'm ready for it doesn't really matter anymore, I'm so excited.
"I have so much to do that I must spend several hours in prayer if I am able to do it." John Wesley What are you doing, because you prayed?
What a Amazing Morning!!
Maniacally flipping between games and screaming at the tv about running the gd offense and ticky tack fouls.
my mom once asked me why I hate Sid Bream... I almost disowned her.
I wonder what magnitude that earthquake was....
can't wait for the new season of curb
I got the part of the scarecrow :):):)
Anyone else about to take the SATS?
“: There comes a time when you have to decide if someone is really worth it anymore.”
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow???.
"the raid: redemption" is the best action film I've seen in years
Not sure what happened to UNC this year, but #Duke and Andre look great!
Had fun tonight w/ & Ryan Mauer & the Angry Fix Fun hang, and some serious "in the moment" playing - well done.
#Grind On Me Baby.!
my memory is for real the worst. but whatever I don't really feel bad.
Know the size of your mouth and only bite what will fit in it.
Barack writes personal checks to struggling Americans!!! See, he pays his Fair Share.
need to find somethin to do on mothers day
Zooey Deschanel to play Loretta Lynn on Broadway. I have to be a part of this. I MUST!!
An expert is one who is adept at experiencing.
just the best thing
If I'm awake before a reasonable hour, I pretty much just make noises like Bluto from the Popeye cartoons.
A real #belieber trusts in and beliebs
never mind they're fakes :( they were of him and all his glory on a hotel balcony
Billionaire boys club varsity jacket >
Shower and the bar, shower and the bar, beer beer beer beer shower and the bar
They are always just a tad behind the times. Even public libraries are using QR codes. Yes. even. public. libraries.
Obama didn't put WI in sweet 16! Dude we're done. I don't care if I have no idea what that means. I'm like most people who talk about obama
I want in on your lottery. Number 3 for Harmon Killebrew. My favorite baseball player.
The key word n that sentence is "had" which confirms u didn't have a gift for me. :''(
We have a winner! RT Fact: The dude who gave herpes to the chick you caught it from is an Oregon grad.
Worrying doesn't empty tomorrow of its troubles. It empties today of its strength.
Who wants to be in my fan video for & ?(:
oops I'll text you tomorrow lol
I worked there one summer, eons ago. Great organization.
i burned my forhead once :/
follow back, please? :)
Good for you, you will feel like a new man. Tell them Demons to kiss OFF!!!!!
All this speculation #Jets vs #Jags... Could it be as simple as tebow choosing the better team! Lol
zooey totes had a retweet convo with yo man harry. Check it.
I am about to go nuts!!
Freedom Outreach will be having youth workers this summer!!!! #WooHoo!!!
On this plan, so tiered.... Please stop trying to hold a conversation with me!!! PLEASE!!!!
we are of course excited abt Facebook in our building ..more customers.. ;-) Thx 4 the panini love. Come by Fri 4 Cust Appr Day
DWade may have legitimate point, but it's naive to think people should care that he's right.
Kick some butt! RT 10 days left until the Colfax Marathon! Our teams are training hard.
#agree and #peopleonly feature RT : Yes, is getting better all the time. I like the Top Blogs section,
Memo 2 Self: What the male species might lack in emotional maturity, they are EVEN worse when it comes to being tactful about it.
“: Smoke weed everyday...not an order, just some advice from a friend” should be an order
thanks for following. Do you work with #BicycleTour Operators in the
Strip club this weekend
Scratch that. Today is an all Beastie Boys day. RIP MCA.
congrats DC Assault champions this weekend ...12s..15s..16s..17s!!!Stay Focused!
And I was exactly right,we broke up. Even tho I told myself not to get attached I still did alittle.
ah what's the difference? I want a cheese steak
It took 36 minutes, but I'm now imagining a Metropolis remake starring Seth Roger and Jay Baruchel.
Ah, sorry, just noticed someone else tweeted you about the event. My apologies for bugging!
If you RSVPd for The New Yorker's Adam Gopnik at the APS Museum tonight see you there. We can't wait!
All A's and B's so farr(: i hope it stays that way
and don't seem to be thrilled with Elway's second draft. It all hinges on Brock Osweiler they say. Agreed.
That said, he really did help me out that weekend
watching the #blindeside ((:
haha and right back at yaa! ;D
1st stop client-side scripting. Just because you can use php doesn't mean you should.
Question: What are your thoughts on location-based services and deep packet inspection? Who has the responisbility to protect data?
dat is sum crazy shit bra n scary!
Thank you! :)
you here tomorrow? don't be a stranger!
why can't I find this cutie that's in my class on fb! >:l I only know their last name. #stalkerstatus lol
Goth kids, don't get pissed off that Hot Topic carries colors other than black now. Maybe if you spent more money we wouldn't have changed.
there their, dont get too worked up now. ;)
and happy saturday to YOU!
Hard to tell if anyone is home. Will knock in a second.
The Sox play Party Rock to cut out to commercial, very fitting since I'm LMFAO at them. #Orioles 8 to 0
Love Al Capone! Sometimes an oldie but good is perfect!
Am I annoying? Sorry, I just REALLY want to go :(
Cause when your around me everything's right Don't go, I need you, I need you
I have suggested your ebook to so many photographers this weekend. I hope they buy it. Great information.
Woke up at 6:15 to finish my english paper. If that's not dedication/extremely procrastination what is?
After about a year with it, I can say Roku has changed the way I watch TV. Great experience for a $70 price point.
"Coolness is defined by how many shots you take per hour."--ab to a child
Waterfront tasting of an outrageously good lunch menu -- be a taster on Aug. 12 tasting at Bin on the Lake. apply at www.TasteTweet.com
Good Morning! How are you doing on this cloudy, rainy morning?
Buyer Persona Focused - Great copywriting makes personal connections with readers
#NP : Marilyn Monroe
My escapades were way classier than that, or so i hope
At the healthy fast food (Subway)!!
; her stupidity just shines up there, don't it?
Very excited about our Lunch & Learn #PoweringthePossible event on the ACS campus today!
Joke, why reward the guy for what he's done? Make him wait until next year to even be drafted.
RT :Crazy how organized makes me. social media campaign calendar for 2012? um, check
Only thing I know is how bad I want to connect with the people...
hope you n ur mother enjoy yall day together
ahh, ok. I get that
Sometimes I wish that you would want to talk to me just as much as I want to talk to you.
HOUSTON NEEDS AN ATTRACTION!
Have you figured what you are having for dinner/ Come to foodsmart and enjoy the choices from organics, vegan,local.
I want 's shoe collection. She should donate to the less fortunate.
Apparently I need to make the "man-bait" apple crisp... How have I never made this before?!?
I think it's safe to assume that Carmen San Diego is in a whale's vagina.
#oomf told me I sing like usher.
I get to see my old homies tomorrow.
May 19th is fast approaching and the opening of the #Carmel outdoor market. If driving the parking garage will put you just steps away.
love the cracked water pot story. Great post!
“Empathy” is the ability to share the feelings of others. It is deeper than “sympathy,” which is feeling sorrow for another’s misfortune.
Pacers taking one on the road before heading home for 2 is big for them.
I feel you... Same here... Just grinding.
callme. It's abt time u do that!
No Twitter. I DON'T WANT TO USE THE NEW VERSION. QUIT EFFING ASKING. My god, it's like you're a 6 yr old asking the SAME question over&over.
Buffett now holds 10 million shares of General Motors, and his Viacom investment shows he continues to bet on entertainment.
March is here, which means the first day of Spring is drawing near. Have you started wearing your Spring makeup colors yet?
Recently borrowed a bunch of books on painting and color theory from the library. I'm excited to learn more about paint and color!
there's a difference between modeling, and being practically naked and begging for attention. Girls are strange.
True! RT Everyone is RT : I'm getting spammed with Wal-Mart junk. I NEVER talk about them.
That was a totally unfair technical call but HEY CLIPS THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU WHINE FOR FIVE STRAIGHT GAMES.
Aren't you lucky? I'll be getting it for free too. I'm going to a different house for dinner everyday.
thank you, don't mind if I say so myself :)
lol can't stop watching the tennis mockumentery... literally watched it 10 times
I <3 IT WHEN IT RAINS
It's a beautiful spring morning--perfect for sharing a story about Texas wildflowers. Barnyard Buddies begins in less than an hour!
thank you so much!
people that are only interested in swimming during the olympics aren't true fans of the sport
You have that Canadian knack for being able to spoof a song, using any topic... as a half-Canadian, I can't keep up with you!
thanks for clarifying, i missed it in tweetchat, had to go to twitter home page to see it! :(
Good lookin on the RT fam, sorry for your loss last night. You talk to yet?
now I am hungry!
The Baozhong Oolong comes from Pinglin, Taiwan. Amazing to see the whole leaves intact!
I've seen better. But you gotta love her, she's a classic.
I am so, so proud of our president right now.
sometimes coffee at starbucks just hits the spot.
I'm filled with the nervous excitement that come with the possibility of a life changing event. No sleep till...
congrats, guys!
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW FAM
Almost missed the bus while buying faygo. That's an ICP lyric, right?
can't argue with that. Someday I will have the honor :)
you two are adorable! too cute :)
Hope everyone has a great time at Rock Beyond Belief!
baby horse
They could charge $20 a sandwich and it would be worth it.
The countdown to Sade and John Legend at the Scope 9/12 has begun. Tickets on sale now , Ticketmaster or call 800-745-3000.
I really fucking love brown eyes.
Can you put some money on my account real quick please
amen to that.
Those nights when the babies make me want to shoot myself repeatedly.
Should be studying.
Brooks doesn’t mention David's client was Merrill Lynch, which has hundreds of Indiana employees-the work had nothing to do with the bailout
: We at Youth Court would like to wish everyone a safe and happy holiday!!!!!
Commit to the Lord whatever you do, and your plans will succeed. -Proverbs 16:3
I want it!! Let's go!!! Who is playing!!?
oh no problem
Pretty sure just blocked me on account. Thanks, Alec! Payback for my post about you maybe?
lol, yeah, some of my old self-pub versions of my books are going for up to $160, or something like that. I HOPE they are signed!
that's only rad only.
To witness two lovers is a spectacle for the gods. ~Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Slow progress is better than none.
and again. :)
Artie's my new hero.
welcome Mark ;)
we should finally connect
I'm lost lol
True but lovin my Libra“: #TheRealityIs #Scorpios are the best lovers.
I'd love to be considered; I have samples, but they're not on my website. Email ok?
(jen) Crunching numbers (NomNomNom).
I wish I wasn't who I am right now...
RT : Having a Salad for lunch today...i feel u on that..
Taking care of business, friends. I'll be updating soon.
Welcome new Colts player you should ring Sorgie for Advise how to make Big money carrying a Clip board.
I'm in
Got my license.
Up and on my way to Philly. Tired af this is now not my time of morning FML
what are you doing this AM - I'm thinking about taking a walk down to the sale in a bit.
ugh stupid chicago groupp got switchedd :/
#naz2012 we live in the greatest country in the world--take advantage of it!-Robert Duffy
Indeed! Thanks & back atcha ;) RT: : Just followed Us poster artists gotta stick together!
Enjoying my time now, not thinking of whats coming soon...
I wish called me as much as he did on accident.
RT FundraisingRecital:Biblical Songs by Dvorak op.99, Gypsy Songs op.55 Bach, Cantatas and Arias 4 Alto Solo // Where? When?
yea he does
We are looking for a blogger how is willing to write for karmaloopcoupons.org! interested ? drop us a line at
I was just going to say DJ getting FTs is kinda like a #CLIPPERS turnover.. but he made them BOTH!! #GoDJ!
"For a million years, raise your glass in cheers. We will never answer we came from. Only how we got here."
I miss Pop'NTaco on Central. They had the best carne adovada gorditas ever, & I loved their tacos. I'm hungry now. I miss u Pop'NTaco.
If you can't figure it out, we probably can...just sayin'.
with so many dots on the map I can't see my house. can you make it more usable?
People can't find a woman/man that's worthy cuz they not putting in the correct amount of time to see what that individual is about
Good night. Time to turn in. Maybe Newt will "suspend" his campaign by daybreak. One can hope....
Try using Google Docs - it autosaves. It has saved me from re-doing a project several times.
Well that was fun. Goodbye k201!! 3 finals down 3 to go!!
:( I got excited. But thanks!
rolling decade? Laughing.
1.draw out all my money to the last cent from the bank. 1.1 buy milk and take it to the lib. with me 2.enroll the paid library 3 study hard
Some of the best times are just sitting back & talking to our guys. Funny stories by & today.
RT : Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person. -Mother Teresa << We have to believe we have the power.
tell people to follow me I am gave a contest with my friend
Thanks to for sponsoring tomorrow's luncheon featuring fashion show at Mar-A-Lago in Palm Beach!
DEMI IS CONFIRMED FOR THE X FACTOR I MIGHT WEEP
congrats on qualifying to the Nationals, and good luck!
Where are all my old students at?
If u haven't Checked out my video with go to YouTube.com/samuelventuramusic !!! Thanks!
Had once heard it was b/c Canada hosted summit to pick letters and we chose to go last & unify with "Y".
Cities aren't the problem, pillaging the land in blind pursuit of profit & lack of affection for people is the problem. -paraphrased Berry
Very excited for this morning's #EducationSmackdown !
The only thing that's going to bother me is that you all called yourselves my friends
“: That son of a bitch moment when you're walking around the house with socks on and step on a random wet spot...”<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Real recognise real and u look unfamiliar
Arg....website problems today...not good.
Another gorgeous day! Lots of positive news in the air! Everything I see or read all points toward moving forward and going after ur dreams
We're standing in front of main stage waiting for
Don't be hating because Meryl Streep won...and quit saying she was plastered! She can't read without her specs!
thank you for being on our show. It was a pleasure to speak with you.
so do some people that don't start off as friends
Congratulations on your no. 1 position!!!!
We need a constitutional amendment that bans any part of the government from taking money from the Social Security program.
Stop by your favorite watering hole and enjoy the $1 drink! :)
good luck!!
Be healed now....
Many producers/artists do it for the money and fame. Very few do it for the love of music. I'm part of that few; I love music period!
I WANT TO. I'll buy tix eventually.
Thank you babe! XoRT : love it!!
Oh man that's gotta be scary. I hope they can figure out what's wrong and FIX IT!
call me
thanks for the lovely #FF!
Thx for the #follow We #followback Plz follow my friends a #local Out of Home TV network
It'd be cute to be a stay at home mom(:
glad to hear it - thanks for joining us today!
Just so you all know. IS A BIG FAT MEANIE.
hey, thanks. Happy spring to you!
Independent music is finally in the strongest position it has been in years! Support the socks off it!!!
Check out the audio clips. Some sick stuff. www.freekshowradio.com
Listening to Mr. Wale
Roll call where my houston niggas at??
At the Outback grubbin!
"airports are not fun." —David Foster Wallace, "Westward the Course of Empire Takes Its Way"
why does this bus sound like the 94 earthquake WTH - First 750 bus west FML
Advanced Mailing Svcs is located at 2701 Girard Boulevard, NE, Albuquerque, NM. Please stop by and see us or call at 505-899-3104.
Weclome !!!! LOVE your hashtag haha RT I have joined the 21st century. Thanks for having me.
What? Does Canada have King's Dominion? I'm confused. haha
Who doesn't like to save money in these economic times? Advanced Mailing Svcs can help you do just that. Call us at 505-899-3104
Yo. Avery Bradley > Reed.
Pints of local strawberries from Spicknall's farm on Old Gunpowder in Silver Spring. They barely make it home they're so yummy
oh and getting dressed lol
sources: Sen. Malcolm Smith will vote for redistricting lines. The only member of black and latino caucus in senate to vote yes
Mother’s Day is tomorrow,in case you forgot. has got you covered! Bring mom in for brunch and we'll do the rest! Even the gift!
At the peds office with carter for his concussion follow up
Yay, finally getting my user directories off my Windows 8 SDD and onto an HDD
thanks Jes - everyone loves online dating and porn research and...good Twitter research! Let's do more.
Saturday mornin..gonna take mother and kid sister downtown to Gimbel's and Luchow's..
New this year: , and I will tweet live from 's #BestSeminar--it'll be the seminar highlight reel!
the producer will be happy to hear this..He loves 3000 faces - thnx again :)
Happy Tuesday #SanDiego!
I'm ruthless now a days . Y'all ain't shit haha
Everybody just assumes I'm the only child..
Happy New Year! Bring out the resolution's! Peace, Joy, love, and healthcare reform is what this country needs to have.
"When we do more than we are paid to do, eventually we will be paid more for what we do."
Can't stop eating myself.
Missing #ala11 but following it vicariously on Twitter and Facebook
aye justin, PLEASE RELEASE BELIEVE TOUR DATES WE'RE DYING HERE
Wow, enjoy. Walking through the Goldeneye backyard/vineyard is a treat.
nancy is unreal
lol you wish you could do me
Big plans in the works for all the SpeedReelers out there... just wait 'n see!!
so, my dream: become an actress, so, I'll figth to be an actress, can anybody help me? RT RT RT onlly click on RT, PLEASE :)
for real? That's awesome!! I've never been friends with someone who has the same birthday as me that's pretty amazing!
I WILL! Finally Emilie, something bloody lovely comes to our news channel :3
I said dye but I mean food coloring!
Visiting my girlfriends sister in Palm Harbour
News Ogilvy criticizes Couples early Woods pick Geoff Ogilvy criticized Fred Couples for giving Tiger Woods a Presidents Cup
will be hittin the casino next week. gotta hit that buffet
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too.
So TRUE! If you want an exec to care, show that you care by knowing a little about their company and what they want.
Yes i know but a lot of Americans have been cocky about it. 1D belong in the Uk.(:
gets alot of credit from me for predicting the lions win over the skins weeks in advance. During the lions losing streak.
“: Me: "I'm cold" Guys: "Shut up and stop complaining", Hot Girl: "I'm cold" Guys: "I'm so sorry! Take my jacket!!!! Are you warm now?"”
RT : preservation requirements and the requirements of legal industry are almost the same
Bahaha. What are you going to do?
haha yeah when my family had a shit load if money and had that nice ass condo!!
SWAG FREAKEND WEEKEND !! FINALE SUNDAY BABES CABARET SCOTTSDALE RD.HIP HOP ALL NIGHT !! VIDEO SHOOT !! 3-14-10
If the Phoenix Coyotes win the cup before the #sabres, it may be time to pull the plug on the sabres franchise.
Think from the beginning about anything you are going to deploy and look at them through a common decision tree.
in des moines. headin to mall of america!
Metroplex Connectors meeting this morning.
Vernon Franklin > Brenda Johnson...but Charlie Murphy's Rick James better than both. Hilarious.
Very obvious that pure economists & politicians cannot solve US debt issue. Time 2 look at successful scientists who r also good economists?
I dont understand why always hates on Dwight Howard. He's a beast!!
next week weds. POOF!!!!
I want to win so that I can build one
Congrats to Manchester City and their fans for capping the Premier League's version of Game 162 with a long-awaited crown.
“: The first of many wins for Sporting KC this season. Good work everyone. Winning is a habit. #SKCNation” << aww yeah!! Game on!
Watching the Grammys muted with my wife and listening to our own music, makes for a much better experience.
ya sure
yes it is working, nice butt!
coach C wanted me to see if you"d hit me back. This his bud in Denver u met. I told him needs to get on tweeter
Thanks, everyone, for helping me celebrate my birthday in style! What a fun day, cake, food. Awesome!
so technically, #princewilliam is not available anymore? I hope we will not be seeing his text messages on some blonds
our thoughts exactly!
“: Trinity's Summer Research Program begins today. Looking forward to 10 weeks of undergraduate student awesomeness. #TU_SURP”
that's sounded like minka
Tired af & waiting at the bus stop -.-
The thought of you still makes me crazy <U+2665>
Would've loved that kind of customer support, oh, during the days of version 3.3.
The Japanese liquor, Mam, uses venomous snakes as one of its main ingredients. Sounds yummy , NOT! I will stick to my Stinky Gringo!
I will be there! Opening night!
Take proper care of your skin
Choose silence of all virtues, for by it you hear other men's imperfections, and conceal your own.
seems to think I should stop my holdout from Google+. I'm not convinced. I guess I'm not tech-geek enough.
I'm gonna review three movies for Sam Raimi for LAMB Director's Chair.
yes...there should..
"I'm on your pickle jar yall!' - Paula Deen on my pickle jar
yay, I'm so happy for you!! Sounds like you're gonna love it, How exciting!!!
Extra, extra! Eat all about it... IT'S MUNCH MADNESS ALL WEEKEND HERE AT THE FUJI!
Sending this to Lori, Get to work douche-knocker you are on the public's dime right now.
Awesome! Are you also a Cavs/Indians fan or just Brownies?
See you at CMU!
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. -Eleanor Roosevelt
RT It is easier to believe than to doubt.Everett D. Martin.Pls RT This
. iPhone keyboard "fails" or "takes getting used to"? I do feel that it's not straightforward and requires discipline.
Which Kyle delivered you chicken noodle soup yesterday?
Let's go Pens! Kick the Flyer's asses!!
Greg Baldwin: Status quo is powerful force in the #nonprofit community. We see things differently.
why the chicken cross the road? ta show the opossum it could be done!!!
All well...working and working...in that order....what you up to?
hopefully you didnt get hurt RT : Car has just spun 360 when I was turning into my road, it was awesome.
Sam Riggs definitely a great up and coming country artist.
There are 650 Trillion differernt possible games of Chess. If you already knew that, then that explains why you are still a virgin.
My bff made me hot tea and i burnt my lip soo bad. However, when cooled est tea EVER plus she gave me the cutest mug! <3
34. #Cubs 8 #Brewers 2 | Brew Crew cannot sweep / The Cubs leave town with one win. / Our cellar partners.
Need a photographer at your event? I have over 30 years experience shooting s, weddings, and other social events. Contact me!
can't make it to computers in libraries this year. following #cildc will have to do!
who is your profile pix
" Your Great Name" by Natalie Grant acoustic version
Way to go Miles!!! Best valur for $ on the Dodgers team. Go #Dodgers !!
Watching Selena again. Its so annoying because my sister looks like Chris(selena's husband) lol.
we both share love for James Bond =)
I need help I'm on bag #3!
Do you just search "dubstep" and reply to people that post about it? lol
i look cute today
Catch up! I'm being snarky all by myself! I need you!
- I have some ideas for sure. It is the delivery that I don't have.
Thanks for the support <333
follow me!!!!!!please
Road again to Italy DVD 2. This time the coach is on one side, and music on another.
I wish the VGA connector would die off for good so I can stop carrying around so many converters and cables.
Rob! I love running into you, always. You got some great shots. I luv the ones of Lauryn and Hiero.
SmashZone, the premier interactive tennis exhibit on earth, coming to People's Fair in Denver, June 4-5. Volunteers needed. More info soon.
I don't ever want to leave here. not because of the weather.... Because I don't think about you when I'm here
Btw you have lots of $$ from where I can see, so where should we start the line!!!
this nigga going get us into a fucking accident. Stupid ass.
#IfIRuledTheWorld I would make it illegal to not like Nutella
Is anyone else watching #mycrazyobsession on TLC? This is unreal and so awkward!
- bragging about being high-tech while including an improper link! Irony!
i want the boys to be happy.
Flash mobs have their own show on Fox now.
Snooki's baby, Rebecca Black's new album, and a Megan Fox movie are all due on Dec 21, 2012. The Mayans were right!
You can’t wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club. -Jack London
How is everybody? I'm good and working hard
We needed PR and what do you know we are getting PR. God always gives you just want you need when you need it.
mine has like, 600.
more thunderstorms, please?
Bracing for tonight's weekly avalanche of drunken status updates from various Applebee's restaurants across the country.
I'm looking for bloggers with cats. If you have a cat + a blog + want to be part of a giveaway, let me know!
Anyone have a recommendation for a company who will crowdsource/work with a small co on a small budget to create a logo?
prom preparations have finally come to an end. already exhausted of the topic and the event hasn't even begun! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Who still get on Facebook- like get on once in awhile ok but your whole life revolves around it really? Tf?
i love leaving this place after midnight
not really sure how I feel about that ceareal bar I just ate...
I liked that one. and I agree with you!
Age, gender, and social class determine how likely you are to experience successful (optimal) aging. Source: University of Cologne, Germany
text me& we'll figure it out!!
Tonight, BC Footwear will be giving away free pairs of shoes to the top 15 up-crafted shoemakers! Etsy Craft Night saves the day,...
You hatched from your Twitter Egg!
Don't forget, #SugerRush comes out tomorrow at 730pm CST at www.Facebook.com/goodluckjane!
Mine probably won't have increased sales either. I generally only sell about 20 a month e-books and 5-8 paperbacks. Old book
Are you cheating on me and the red velvet cookies with these yummy looking treats?
go die !
So if ur mom's group thinks ur spawn of Satan, does that make ur mom Satan?
You get to throw fireballs at everything!
Breaking: new Virginia law requires smokers to get a lung X-ray each time before they light up
Hard headed folks! Now we can't have my mom's famous meat loaf! Ugghh!!
SAT class swaggin
lmao what is the craziness you've noticed? I'm kind of happy you look at your followers tho.
word but I really miss her
Operation: Don't Be A Fatass starts today. I know I've said that before but this time it's for real.
The truth is often stupid.
RT The problem with money is too much of it belongs to people who aren't me.
I can make you glad you come <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Please dont call me later on tonight saying to come post your bail. U have been warned about the police checkpoint...by numerous people !!
Listened to "The One that got away" by about 100 times now
When we're YOU in the coast guard?? :P
scrimp and crab yo! Listening to the allmans....
Alcohol and drug abuse: Getting involved in alcohol and drugs will put you in a bad situation, regardless if you get arrested or not.
please follow me!!:D
u tweeted ur kidding? to me and ac...
Thank you! RT : although I did not have the opportunity to attend :(, I heard the event was amazing! Congrats!!
Stop the Ban strongly encourages registering to vote and voting in local elections! We also encourage you follow !
I love love live this new place. :)
I'm on skype! I'm at a luncheon but Skype away
Sometimes taking things out is good..
Just watched the first episode of Homeland. I think I just found a new show to watch
must be nice to just say oh i'm tired i'm not going to work today, ugh so annoyed!
i need a 2nd belt...and there goes that siamese cat again...
wins a #MomInspired Gift Bag! Congrats! DM your email address to
I would buy one then tell my mom to buy one, my sister to buy one, my grandparents to buy one, and my dog to buy one!
Sorry I missed the convo re: PBN last night. I got a response from the writer. Prob w/ contest is the metrics to win.
Don't forget our artist talk tomorrow from 1:30-2:30 featuring Nancy Novick and Janathel Shaw. Hope to see you there!
i dont even know what that is..
Senators attorney says they won't fight the GAB on request for more time.
that's so crazy! It's almost exactly what I did yesterday!!
#ImHappyWhen your happy.
I got 's Valentine's Day letter. #letterbragging <3
I was digging the gold tonight my dude.
Heading on 's Brewers Roundtable coming up at 605. Would love to have you listen in and tell me I'm wrong. Odds are pretty good
Hanging out with at Granville Moorr's on H st. Miss the college days :-)
Thanks for the #FF Andreas. I'm AfricanViolet_2 now. Have a great weekend. :)
“Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth.” -Muhammad Ali
IMA go buy me SOME DING DONGS!!
(: lol well tell me about new girl !
heres to me, heres to you. the best of friends we'll always be, but if we should disagree. to hell with you and heres to me. chugg!
thanks for retweeting my quote. Perhaps you can review my book and post a note on Amazon for me. Glad to meet you Gionni.
Thx for making this mama mobile
Fascinating questions about sympathy - what poco critics see as 'ideological window dressing for extraction' - Chaudhary goes further.
Official practice begins at 2pm. I love this time of year.
Making the best decisions for oneself is not always easy. It's hard not to feel selfish :/
Nice outcome for MegaMillion windfall: It goes to an elem. school teacher, a special-ed teacher and an admin -- who will all keep working.
hey there bud
Thanks for the RT about our giveaway!
The movie battleship looks like pearl harbor with aliens
Who was the greatest Pittsburgh sports star to wear each number? Part 1 up now at thesportsgame.blogspot.com
Sometimes being an emotional train wreck isn't fun
Hold on 2 faith & faith will hold on 2 u.
Oh! Well that explains it. Was that you in the sleeping bag tweeted about walking past earlier?
"The emotions are sometimes so strong that I work without knowing it. The strokes come like speech."[Vincent van Gogh]
#ImReallyGoodAt cutting people off. If I'm done with you, you're nonexistent to my life
Watch Criminal Minds 7X12 | Unknown Subject | Promo [Hd ...
OK so I need a scarf, and I have a design in mind but I can't knit. How much do you charge for custom orders?
did you forget to take your meds today silly clown?!
This time they blogged flourish of manner
In Smith Hall there's a video installation of a woman trying on bras. I was next in line for the ATM and didn't notice because BOOBIES.
If you would kindy NOT shove your relgious claptrap down my throat, it would B appreciated. marriage = 2 ppl, k?
No i dont lol. i told my mom in the car that day i think that kid goes to my school and hes cute xD ur there often:p
I DONT KNOW ABOUT ME, BUT I KNOW ABOUT YOU, SAY HELLO TO SWAFITTI 3 2 SWIPE.
RT : Hey everyone! This is tonight, and it will be amazing: the second edition of Two Ships Passing, a conversational......
That awkward moment when you receive an aftersession for a day you won't be present.
RT In a wrld where we've the ability &knowledge to feed clothe &shelter all ppe,we shld be ashamed millions still starve
do it and you die! Go giants
Everytime I hear the song Wobble, I think of the girls basketball team
Everybody follow me
lol my bad
This shit is about 2 get real
you wanna match one wit us?
Waiting on idiots proves to be a frustrating experience.
follow please
Do you think your ever gonna come to hawaii???? Everyone that i know loves you and your family!!
So just saw that..best movie EVER!
But I'm still gone ride round n get it lok
Lol!! It's good to hear from y'all again too!
h00rah ASP.net
loco!!, you can do Qt with #python!!
Regan Smith said his water temp was normal. Not sure why his engine gave way.
haha, i love you :P
So large percentage of black voters supported Amendment 1? Last I checked so did OVERWHELMING majority of white voters.
I'm so CAUGHT UP! I don't know what it is<3 #Usher throwbacks
I, for one, welcome our new twitter bot overlords RT : Beep, boop.
Yellow laffy taffy >
waitt im legit dyingg at that text wiggle wiggle wiggle
If you follow & will be participating in #HireFriday, send us a DM as a heads-up so we can RT for you!
They have a great iPad app, if you have an iPad.
Your obsessed! : It takes two people to love
RT: School is POINTLESS. English: We speak it. History: They're dead, get over it. Math: We have calculators. Spanish: W ...
We will resume 2nd round tomorrow at 7am.
My then-best friend and I would go and people watch. It represents a period of my life to me.
Random News: Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Guzaarish goes to the Oscar Library
:) RT Poop. you're so gross
So far...worst day ever :/
My TBuds about to dive into steaming bowl of Mi La Cay ("roasted chicken noodle") at Quan Linh,the Asian Bistro across from My Bros Crawfish
For 3+ years, Pres OBAMA has, while leading the Executive branch & as Commander-in-Chief, carefully backed the GOP into a corner. Check.
A gorgeous day in Columbus.. are you all enjoying it?
Why is every chef in portland either fat, or is rocking a big ass beard??
-.- RT Unfollows** (; “: one more follower till i reach 6OO :}”
I hate fake hoes
rented a car & driving to the nearest mountain range
Oh, that would be great- Chicago
<U+200E>FASET students, please ignore any screams or uncontrolled weeping you may think you hear inside student dorms. We assure you it's nothing.
Memphis DT Dontari Poe has bust written all over him. Good luck w/ that KC. Geesh.
Every1 is so political tonight on this convenient digital soap box. I want to rant too. Here...
Oscar nominee David Strathairn will join Oscar nominee Jessica Chastain in this fall's revival of THE HEIRESS!
is driving & me to get the best bbq in Texas. This the the best thing I've heard since the tunes @ Headhunters
Kansas will have the Championship anyway because Kentucky will be on probation! If that happens, hope Calipari will be banned from the
So glad I'm not in calculus.
"and you-u saw spahhhks. and it clicked in your mind, like all the otha times"
Just put on my concert band dress. I look like a freaking old time person D:
Proven: the best way to cure cheese curl nausea is to eat more cheese curls. This also applys to cheese puffs.
If you're tired of starting over, stop giving up.
Planning out my half marathon training is making me very excited to run!
is their a reason #FoxSports can't televise in 1080HD like the rest of the world...upgrade already
T3: Agree with But I have no doubt they will be used to criticize health reform as placing undo burden on hospitals
my heart was beating out of my chest ._.
About to b a long damn day! I can feel it!
Me and snowflake are over! :,(
Dear unfollowers, wanna hear a secret? I have an unfollow button too & im not afraid to use it. PET PEVE RIGHT THERE! #FollowBack #Justin<3
Two tweets ago though. TMI
1250am radio just before 4 pm, tune in to hear my neice Alyssa sing the National Anthem! I am so proud. Go Admirals, WIN WIN
Good idea.
Yes my friend. I am will keep you posted on the release date.
#lineage2 #l2tx (Follow us if u want to play on a real server)
I adopted Kyle 13 years ago today. Said goodbye to him 4 weeks ago today. I hate everything. :'(
I like your tatt ;)
I just spent another 100$ at target. I hate myself.
Yowza. Huzzah! RT : I am officially done with official classes.
Having tried dozens (if not hundreds) of e-mail platforms, is the winner. Agree/Disagree? Whats your choice?
People get the meaning of your words, not on what you say but on how you say it.
Were all those things he told me were lies ?
Guys. Have I ever mentioned I HATE algebra, but love the class because of the people?
will return after a timeout for...whatever!
Will Heady Topper cans be available in NH & MA or just at your brewpub?
YOU Know Iam ... I Be Having You Laugh
The Internet has been acting horrible since we've been back in August...really irritating.
Tallying up the winners of the silent auction. Great stuff.
Keep up the good work, Rob! We believe in you down here in King George.
Nothing like being reminded that you had some asparagus with your dinner.
Any recommendations for restaurants with open patios for dinner? #toosoon?
Pittsburgh&#39;s Forgotten Classics: Bills vs. Steelers, 1974 and 1996
Happy mothers day to all the mothers out there, it takes a real woman to take care of her child or children
a good bisou is always lovely! xo
grinding! What's good?
who did u say this is playin now?
friend: *singing Diego* me: SHUT UP You BABY friend: *silence* me: Dora is much better! Friend and me: *singing Dora *
“Don't expect anyone to do anything for you what you're not ready to do for yourself.”
aaaaaaaaaaaammmmmmmmm coming up so you better get this party start-ed ;)
No? Thought so. xD
Me, too. “: 39 hours to the triumphant return of Parentness. I will be under silver chains in the basement until then.”
I am wondering if any of my client's use Twitter.
By the way, I checked on wikipedia. Both of them are 19 (Legal) LOL.
Reality: Every time new law/reg is adopted empowering govt, YOU LOSE FREEDOM. Piece by piece. Wake up, get involved, and help stop it!
Counting down to what will be an emotional final launch of the Shuttle Endeavour. Congresswoman Giffords will be there.
Going to get Ashes for Ash Wednesday. bbl #KeepSmiling :)
super funny
no better bet than a subjective one. And your dad is right
What kind of icon would indicate something is simple? Also, an icon that indicates something is complex. Ideas?
And they wonder whats killing our ozone layer.....
Listening to Melvin Rhyne's 'Boss Organ' and making some coffee.
Don't get caught! I don't have cable, and I feel like I'm seeing everything with your photos! Haha.
does your org order food/snacks for your social & networking events?! Let us know if u r interested in Cafe 41 & pizzeria! :)
and thanks for retweet.
its a radio talk show reference.... How is the sota???
Good Morning Miami! RT if your pumped for a stellar work day!
I went to McDonalds and your brother asked if I was Kayla because you showed him a picture of me a few months ago!
My Bakelite telephone from the 40's just took out a passing Roomba. This speaks to the solidity of craftsmanship of old, I'm thinking.
AH WTF. 4 BAY AREA SHOWS, AND I ALREADY HAVE TIX FOR 1 OF THEM. should i even buy for the other ones?
HE WILL DEFEND YOUR BEST PLAYER
<U+FFFD>Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best
Headaches are a lot of fun....
He said it! "I feel safe in white because, deep down inside, I'm an angel." - Puff Daddy
Made it to Dallas.. time to sleep. Goodnight!
For the sake of not ruining the vibeand randomness of my new playlist, I will let it play on. Smh! That's My Bitch
High watching Science Channel's "Your brain on Drugs" hosted by Robin Williams is a trip.
don't be scared. tweet away!
Ha! I try to keep it simple, being baking challenged and all.
It sucks to be you right now!
you guys rocked it and to all of ur fans, u guys r soo winners we all love u and hope u guys continue to follow ur dreams!! <3
Everything Im not made me everything I am
Oh shoot with this weekend with my lovely assistant .... I can't wait!!!
#MyNameIsKhan is one of the best movies I've ever seen. wht a great meaning. I'll recomended to yall.
My stomach hurts I think I ate too fast :/
oh yes.
Anybody tryna go get some Starbucks?
Don't think you're safe from a cracked windshield because cold weather is gone. Hot weather also causes chips to crack out.
I didn't watch the debate, but I still tweeted snarky comments about it. So there.
Community colleges should train data science/curation assistants.
My life is a blurr, one of these days I'll wake up and forget who i even am.. I pray that day isn't soon.
"The tree of #liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the #blood of #patriots and tyrants"-Thomas Jefferson
Way to go, Tim!
Best #Investment Advice I ever had... "Focus on consistency of income above most else." -Mitch Reiner
Fucking iPhone Keyboard
Bottled Wallow Black Ale on Sunday, started 6 gal. of Hard Cider for Christmas this morning & next up... Pumpkin Ale for October.
Hatley Branch Library Book Club meets Tuesday April 10th 2pm. Reading "Night Road" by Krisitin Hannah. Coffee & Dessert after discussion.
won't rub my cooter
Thug life no seat bealts with darkness
Launched new website for Delta Global Staffing a wholly-owned subsidiary of Delta Air Lines - www.deltaglobalstaffing.com
wish you lived down my street.
Nothing beats coffee & a book to start off the morning.
OMG! I wanna retweet but I cant :(
#prototypes. throw away or evolve?
Deleting old numbers to make room for new ones so with that being said... somebody dm me
looks amazing
Lincoln did not believe in texting.
Sometimes I forget about Tylenol and then I remember Tylenol and I take some.
get it girl
Organizing #projecthydraulics into github.... stay tuned for a public repository!
#GoTMC, especially our friend Ara! Stay safe in the heat everyone.
your so amazing! <3 can you and the guys come to portland please? C:
Are those space pants you have on? Because your ass is out of this world.
Hoping for the best but expecting the worst
#formysweet16 HE ASKED ME TO A PARTY..BUT IT WAS HIS EMPTY ASS HOUSE..NOT A CREATURE STIRRED FUCKING PERVERTED LOUSE..LOL HE SAID KICK BACK
#DrakeCriesWhen he hears our new song that we are recording
Somebody humped me once kinda.... Really scary for an 11 yr old to experience....
This mega bus is awesome!!!
we are excited for the partnership and to share leadership opportunities in mke for women!
Just realized that Daisuke Matsuzaka is probably the least despised Red Sox starting pitcher at the moment.
Have faith that no matter what is thrown your way, you can and will make it through.
Where are good cookies in DC?
Just wish I had someone :-(
Shout out to Isaiah Austin Big man is during homework on the trip to Adidas Nations which is due once he returns home.
So excited I get to wear jeans to the office today
do you want me to make you your name? And send you the app?(:
Hey Daniel, thanks for the follow. I'm looking forward to connecting.
12 player PPR league. I am picking 2nd and Foster is going 1. Who should I go with? Would J Charles be a solid pick?
Does anyone have a monitoring system that you can monitor from your smart phone?
whats been up with you lately my friend?
because I had to work on a project I think I can go next wensday and ill be there sunday
good question. Let's ask _EdResearch. Can the app sync with a personal sched from the web site?
haha! Mad love the Mavs too. Live and die w the metroplex squads but this is not how we approach homie.
okay maybe i'm missing something. who on the gop side can be a real leader of the free world? oops ..am i thinking again?
had a nice lunch with girlfriends then a nice work out...
Did you change phone numbers again?
who ya goin with?
Waiting to get into my friends playy
:) I do enjoy baseball, and have seen an unassisted triple play live! Go Rockies! :)
but they're oh so cute! I just wore one of mine today actually.
Lovin this OSU defense. Hopefully they can keep up the intensity.
In the car with 30 min from I can smell the Presbyterian air.
So, i'm gonna be looking for an apartment in the cleveland heights area shortly. Please let me know of any leads! Or places to avoid!
Did you used to wear them over or under your long tights? Preference?
I like wen he pick me up str8 killin it
But yo kids ate right
-Such a fun day w/ Mr !! Fabulous! xox
have fun, man!
Tonite is our #halloweenball!! Costume contest, doors 1st place wins a trip to in #LasVegas !! Come to Boogie Nights!
excellent, I'm looking forward to it!
Never waste good talent !
Back from Cooperstown and crossing my fingers. I think it went well, that's good, right?
Best fighter of all time FloydMayweather hands down Michigan all day!
Depends on how squirmy you are!
Looking forward to the first practice this am in Brazil for the race in Sao Paulo.
fuck its raining.
that's so awesome!y'all have to done back!:D
write down page numbers?
Final four and pre season top five next year Go cards.
Thanks so much to for the tix to the opening night party of festival. It's fabulous!
On the outside I may appear to be strong and emotion-less, but on the inside, I've been broken into pieces too small to be seen...
I am not mad if anything she should be mad at me. I was tired and acted like a 13 year old ha:)
What book?
Very excited that I just arranged to have a speaker from Skype with my AP Gov class on Thurs. re: local Fort Worth gov't!
hi follow me back? :)
hot party with the GOOD SPOT team with Charity FALLING WHISTLES at club CV. 105 rivington street between essex and ludlow. my verbal list!
Scream! How exciting is this!
RT : Q6: Fed. policy makers should continue to hold states accountable for educating ALL children.
ordering starz now.Can't miss city I'm in IT :)
shoot me an email about it! :-) Felicia at FeliciaRicci dot com
ACDU on watch here....
Thanks, my friend.
LinkedIn is now recommending events on the basis of the events your network is attending.
stole it from two days ago.
Dress alteration :)
It is finished,
Another thing occurred to me - if Micha is driving, then I'm old enough to have a kid who is driving. That's so...wrong.
That's a pretty neat shirt. Only ever played about 5 mins of Bioshock, cuz my PC couldn't handle it. Love the designs, tho.
I fell asleep on my friend's couch. So while briefly explaining that to mom, I decided to distract her with an emotional deluge.
Lulz RT : #TeamSmallPenis RT : I just hate wen chicks say go deeper and its already all in
I can move Castro to SS.
RT from Iran: My sources say emergency meeting Majlis has been called and Guardian Council consider impeach Khameni
I hope that you catch me because im already falling <3
My cat is fat ;D
Omg my elbow is killing me!
Earth Month officially kicks off TODAY!!!!! Stop in to see everything that's happening...we promise you won't be disappointed!
They got 3 more losses to fix it. So horrible, but they just looked exhausted. =/
Fake friends all around since I got my chips up use to see them every now and than like some hiccups. -J.Lew
Fun in NYC! The bartender looks and sounds just like Carmine Giovinazzo from CSI NY.
- "LADY T" that's Hot! Glad u didn't lose the art bug!
*insert Marv joke here*
I love the little kids wearing their Gators gear today. Once a fan always a fan. would be Gator fan in UGA gear today.
very welcome! I have a huge soft spot for pretty much all animals besides snakes.
Two days!
“: Russian Pudding.” Euphamism?
haha too true!
hooray youre online! everyone else is off getting indoctrinated.
Oh, by the way, I am the new Information tech librarian at Muhlenberg Community Library. Now I am an official geek.
I may get flamed for this, but that knee injury really sucks for Mariano Rivera. Dude is a legend. Tough way to end a season at his age.
if i ever meet niall and he has a girlfriend at the time idk what i would do it would be awks
RT if you've ever received poor customer service from a telecoms provider...Call us if you'd like to experience THE BEST :)
Made a nice breakfast but also made a huge bacon grease burn on my arm. Bacon=good. Burn=bad. :/
I focused on exercise and staying healthy in order to get back out on the ice
also, 's data is growing--public contributors added a dozen events in first couple days. Great class project!
Who's the person that schedules these things so early, I'd like to complain.
Hope everyone has a HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!!!! :)
Even the second team gets into the act Detroit Football is back...
aint no girl nowadays worth fightin for
damn now I wanna watch the movie just to see his cara <3 lol
just bought us a cohort Mega Millions ticket. Investment of future winnings: capital gains tax rate loophole, here we come!
what does it do I'm scared to get it lol
no! This is amazing news to recieve on #WantedWednesday !
"There are times when you'll need someone, i will be by your side"
I like the joint homie, keep it up! I see ya working!
MT If Christie does flake out in NJ, it will be yet another missed flush draw for modern US igaming. First GBT fail, now this.
How about a Hard Rock Cafe Kick Ass Beer on Beale?
Just how far to the right will Obama go?
I don't care who you are. You sit there screaming at my cousin and I can hear you across the gym I'm goin' up there.
- Great article. I married a black woman, big wakeup for a white man seeing your children judged by skin color
My family, my headache, myself. # thoughts
hey guys. I tried this email and it doesn't work. There's not one on the live site either. Thanks. --BAC
Looking forward to hearing about your
Yep that's my favorite way to project manage. Definitely helps me visualize and plan.
Mf be sleeping on he got hat shit!!
I'm compiling a list of #travelmemoirs: Have Book Will Travel. Do you have a fav?
Real spit keep fuckin wit me, you an yo nigga gone wind up missing, not missing but murdered cause ima tell the pd yea I did dat fuck you
Hey there's a new La Michoacana Meat Market coming to Austin! Oh yeah & the Trader Joe too, blah blah blah.
Flights this week were only $800. Looks like one of us is gonna need to get rich or die tryin'.
I'd write in the Naked Beach Party
LOL. I wish I had more time to write. I have idea's coming out my ears.
If this is what a 7 game Heat/Thunder series would be like, sign me up now please. You have 3 min to tune into ESPN2.
Saw the preview for the season finale of and it looks GREAT!! Can't wait!!
no concessions tonight. But tons of fun!!!
Two dozen more slides AND a group exercise all to be done by 4:00? Good luck to us all.
Maybe. We'd have to check. But the same with Butler & VCU. Trust but verify.
How cute, brad and zac have matching stocking caps
Little sister driving...Mom:"watch out for the fire hydrant." Ariella:"I'm miles away." Darren:"it's in the grass where you usually end up"
Thank you! I don't see a link for uploading any photos. Is that possible?
Almost at planet fitness, south philly
Wilderness is not a luxury but a necessity of the human spirit, as vital to our lives as water and good bread. - Edward Abbey
"Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible." ~ Anthony Robbins
Windows down, music up.
I would! But I don't know my twitter password and I don't know which email I used!
I know right! <3
I'll bet u a shot I won't be the only DJ who will be drunk mixing 2nite. All my dj peeps have a great night!
so keeping relationship deets off fb
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithFart the real slim fart
follow me bro! It's Matt from L.A.
& I'd like to say that is your fault but I know better cause I'm the fool to think you'd wait around forever.
It's another episode of drunk tweet with me.
you're welcome, already did a RT on here, and I'll share on my Facebook :)
Omg !!!! Iron maiden , Alice cooper , and coheed are going to be touring North America !
do you play beer pong?
Oh yea Sunday also means football...I get to use my acting skills and pretend to watch
Ah, yes. Blue Tarp Camper is a classic NW Profile. cc:
lol bc i am super busy! I assure you a tour will bring me there soon though :)
hey at least it was only coffee; A might be hyped up for a few hours
Just finished 4 hour lunch. This is the life
That's a great question. Hard to see who at this point, but Nash will be 39 in Feb. Have to ask that question eventually.
Get your stretch on (or watch other people do it while you eat a sandwich). Group yoga, 12pm every mon. at Schenley plaza
Heading out for a bicycle ride from Long Beach to Fullerton to watch my son run in a cross country meet. Going to be hot!
Thanks for the compliment! Hope to see you at our upcoming events - and please audition for our future productions!
thanks for the follow, jeff!
So glad the drake concerts over.. Now I don't have to hate on ppl or be sad
sounds like a little bit more activity from the police (more of them) and some photos being taken by the county.
Wow. RT : No Indiana-Kentucky game next season per an IU release.
Gold on the Ceiling is incredible. Whole album is so much fun. That darn Danger Mouse does it again.
I don't know why I know that Liz Phair song in all its entirety.
A daily struggle for me is not pressing the "buy now" button on awesome travel and adventure deals, especially in the springtime!
My left hand itches this morning...being superstitious that means I could receive some money soon. Today, I'm superstitious!!!
And we are up! Let's pass the Community Cleanup and Greening Act and save Maryland taxpayers and businesses money.
they not lock nemore !
I was wondering if there would be some kind of trotting out of wearable jewels for important exhibits.
solar energy?
I just turned on my heat for the first time since last winter. Needless to say, I'm jealous.
Haven't seen that. Send it to me.
Noticing our disappointment, the girl at the box office said "Don't worry, Jeff Garcia is here, and he's hilarious!"
To show my love for you I'm gunna tweet about you everyday <U+2764>
Everyone on #90210 has the worst luck. I just love the show so much!
RT": The cast of 30 Rock on Fallon tonight. Live show tomorrow at 8:30!!!"
Under harsh discipline policy 'my son became a person who made mistake after mistake... mentality was that bad kids can't be helped.'
Watch my videos on youtube IronicPenguinZ and please subscribe and get me a lot if views and add me thx
Wusup BFurr. QueenEarth was refering to contract to protect yourself as an artist with a cancellation clause.
Are you doing any interesting scala things? :) Are you? Are you?
i think it's time for breakfast at 1am
Don't panic RT : RT : The Link between Technology and Cognitive Stress by - New post on...
gotcha, on which one of my blogs? Ill fix that. Thank you
can't seem to get on your website right now...maybe it's just me! But I thought I'd let you know :)
I saw you run away Is what I've done too much to take Or are you scared of being nothing?
OMG YESS! JUST GOT MY APPOINTMENT THROUGH TO HAVE MY OPERATION AH SO HAPPY BUT YET NERVOUS! :P
omg. THAT....and then BDUBS..... why are we not in a relationship yet/!?!
1% left on my battery
This year, I want to finish my short doc about #MartinGrossman, a Jew on death row who was executed in 2010.
Blues jammin in bout 2 hours...got to work off some steam and do what I do!
I do not have a formal program, but direct message me and we can discuss more.
Jstor, Instapaper, and the Renaissance––I'm going to be spending a lot more time on my ipad
But, but...LION KING!
I meant lyfe......I know how to spell. hahhhahahah
Had Golden pride this morn,then Keva juice in afternoon,Went shoppin at Talin,and Trader Joes.Lots of GOoDieS!
Letting the kids have Pizza Night doesn't have to be boring for you - We have Gourmet Pizza Pies that will thrill adult taste buds too! htt
Playwright Shakespeare was only 18 years old when he married Ann Hathaway, who was 26 years old at the time
... I'm heart broken
started recording a new track this afternoon. It's called "Who Is This Hermano Guy?"
Tough choice! I haven't been to Sea World so I can't vouch for it. Zoo tix are slightly cheaper if you buy online.
and Ustream wont download on my phone. this sucks:(. Tell me how it is:DD
Remember it takes 3500 calories to burn 1 lb of Fat! You Can Do It! Kisar
Word. RT Bitch please!
Alright just let me know when
spending the day at UW Hospital with my family, wouldn't wanna be anywhere else today<3
Why is the book room at the highschool so boring!! Los after school ??? not
Hehehe, why yes, he fits on the bear spectrum :)
Hey Anita thanks for follow, I'm having trouble believing you're a grandma
Yo...if I send you a few tracks can you go through them and find one to jump off for me? I need to feed off your energy.
Congratulations to on her Inauguration! If you can't make it to ceremony, you can watch live on Channel 25.
RT : Lessons from the Titanic #1: Next time, consider whether you need to cross the Atlantic or if you could just Skype.
whats up man text me when u get the chance.
At Ruths Chris Steakhouse for an intimate dinner w/hubby. Lovin my new lil' black dress. Ann Taylor outlet rocks in Myrtle Bch!
Hey man, tweet baby tweet
Im never gonna be as slow as my mom
Aw...we love you too Carly! Thanks for flying with us here at MKE and we wish you very happy travels!
I seriously can't get enoough zapp & roger right now! So good!
talk to mrs Lewis and tell her you want me at your school
SCTA convention please provide more details
Found the session on Lib Advocacy this morning engaging and interactive. Inspired to "speak out" on behalf of libraries everywhere!
was wearing a Texas Rangers hat!<3
Scrilly was in there last night
Don't blame me for what my other personalities say & do, I have no control over them.
sidenote: that last tweet was SO much longer than 140 chars, and yet at the same time wasn't. Chinese is definitely winning on twitter.
First 3 people to like us and share us on Facebook will get a Starbucks gift card mailed to them!
lol, creating memories :)
love hey mondays new song 'Hangover'!!!!
Picked up a new hobby, called junk food! Stay-cation is so not cool! lol
i can not see it
WTF is wrong with sequins? Answer: absolutely nothing.
Watching the Grammys on CBS, amazing opening speech and prayer from LL Cool J, RIP Whitney
I ONLY ASK Y CAUSE IM CURIOUS
Seeing all of these Ryan Braun highlights is making me super excited for baseball season
is looking forward to seeing Congressman Filner at tonight's Chula Vista Civic Association
RT : BREAKING: Official tells AP: Trayvon Martin's killer to be charged with 2nd-degree murder; is in custody (via )
Long holiday weekend! YAY!
Can't stand people WHO hate their lives so much to start shit in other peoples lives
I haven't.
today should be Friday...
ugh. guys. we should hang out. we would so be friends.
That's just nasty :o
Hello, leg. So good to see you without thread.
Good to know that I'm not alone! LOL. Nite...I'd better go TRY to sleep. My husband's away on business, so I don't sleep well.
aww poor baby! :( get better soon!
lol True, but I KNOW I'm not.. I'm to lazy to make a whole new page
Has anyone else seen The Killer Inside Me?
yep Kim was asking who the rockstars on youtube are and you're definitely one! happy (belated) mother's day to you! :)
Save myself from the 'dark side'? I'm embracing it!
I don't want a new social network. I need a new internet.
Hi Jason, I would like to interview you on my show from Jerusalem about MLB and Baseball Canada, how can we set that up?
looks interesting let me know if you find something you like
Student beach service and baptism <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C> Love my church!! <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0092>
I hate that moment I realize I've left my iPad at home. NO... How will I ever survive this day?
Movie night
safe travels, Paulie! Enjoy your tour!
let's go find some babies
fuk aubrey berry i hope someway revenge finds you i hate what you did and hope and pray you will pay for what you did i hope people see this
We're at #DoDIIS12 demonstrating solutions for data and security interoperability within the enterprise and the
My phone keeps on telling me we have a 1-1 today... (not that I want to distract you from your Austin marathon of food)
Brandon would you please take the time & RT my best girl for her 21st birthday! Really Big fan.Thank you.:-)
here, workin til close, first time back since august! come say hi!
Finally starting to feel better... I guess rest really does help. Back to work tom.
Highlights of Keith Jarrett's concert at Carnegie Hall: an incredible improvisation based on trills, the melody of "Miss Otis Regrets" ...
a fam next year our year i got big plans
Nothing says "Comedy is fun" like standing on stage in front of a few hundred people explaining to a 18 year old kid what a clit is!
said it "makes the invisible visible." I say stop by and see my colonial revival door! "American Style"
Make it nasty
We'll be there in about an hour, or maybe even sooner. Free delivery tonight, from your neighborhood Typhooner ;) NOV2011 is the code...
what are the best trail running shoes?
Just now! 50% off sale @ Chika Chika(Galleria)! Super cute Halloween-ish stuff and super cute candy cake keychains/cell phone charms! <3
Cleaning up and my allergies started acting up<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Got the F5, M4-P, and a couple lenses boxed up for repair guys...my first time sending, can't wait to get everything fixed!
": I'm on hand for tonight's Luck infomerical. RT I don't know why Richardson is even a candidate he's good not great
Its American Cup #jiujitsu tournament today! The #ahi and #salmon is ready! If you live in the #bayarea then come down and enjoy!
I could wear all black and my body of light will shine thru
Just Gotta New number, text me if you need it.
Enjoying at & is hilarious!
we are thankful for all that entered our #MLSCUP09 giveaway. The winner is Congratulation and enjoy the game
Promise yourself to live your life as a revolution and not just a process of evolution
IM FINALLY IN SEVEN SPRINGS!!!!! :D
I'm gonna buy a fishie. c:.
Let's do this shit, Detroit. The Ceej vs. Verlander. Let the best man (me) win.
okay, just have to wake up and then everything will be okay
well we were in cabo for awhile for vacation now I'm moving to Cali and super excited about that
Gym with the homie Marco dawg
this is Sad! Satan hates Man, he was kicked out of Heaven. He knows how much God Loves us. His whole objective is 2
Referee with the chest krumping move
Something about talking about Green Bay Basketball scene gets blood flowing...amazing no matter how long ur gone,it never stops being home..
Yes, I know (sigh).
Summer flying by. Trying to make the most of it. Going to Chastain.
does it just have a code for the last abyssea in it? i think that's all i need.
Guess it's bedtiime for me and my lil love. Goooodnite. :)
At the Juilliard Jazz Blue Note Brunch. The Juilliard Jazz Ensemble had a great first set, they're about to start the second!
SuperStar Saturdays is Gonna bang Harder than Last week only a 3 perf slots left get at me for info!
i'm in a fantastic mood...
That free credit score band is fucked for the future. Nobody will ever take them seriously. Did they just say "credit white power"?
Yes. A $1500 coffee table. I need it.
It was never about what couldn't be done. More about what wouldn't be done.
Oops! In order to rotate the photo of the menu, I downloaded Photoshop app & it got stuck. Slow connection. I'll try again
MKE elites: Have you seen the shiny new elite page? Check it out! (Ahem... click on yr badge!)
Expect heavy pressure from broad leaf weeds and crab grass on your lawn soon. With all of this heat and tons of rain it will be rough.
“: I've never had a boyfriend in my life,I wonder how It feels to feel loved by a boy” same.
It Was..Okayy! lmao Nahh But I Had A Good Time. Met A Lot Of Amazing People. It Was Good, & Thank You.
Sure thing. We look forward to having you! We open during HH for private events like birthdays & work parties...
i just ate some more pizza from toppers? M...love the mac n cheese
Awesome. Do you have anything for Baton Rouge?
I really wish I was there "Face Down" was the first song I learned on guitar
If u were by yourself, I'd say hit IKEA, but with 30 or so students...yipes! I wish I could come up with a better idea!
Beyond NAC - Bradford selling "adaptive network security". Will faculty see it as "big brother"
howd u manage to do that trick lol
Suzie so freakin messy.... ugh *throws rocks*
each day lived,, above ground, is a very good day!
Saved by the bell, now boy meets world... Good Morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
RARS breakout alert
Nicole retaliates against Rachel because of her drama w/Simon....#Fired!!! .
haha. I'm glad I'm not the only one who was scarred by that experience. He somehow made the longest song ever even longer.
Anybody want company or to be my company for basketball watching tonight?
there will be a lot of sympathy for him for sure..
- I know. It has now become a security issue. They are afraid that people are going to start impersonating employees.
I love my shark pad...
When do i get to see your picture in the paper?
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups. (e.g. Federal Government, European Union)
I'm allergic to the hater type
I know right. Oscar your man right ? lol
we will be poor lefties if you get your way.
I forgot these survivor finales are 90% of shit i have already seen. On with the show already
really??? Phones still busy??? Over 24 hours of busy signal! Only in Cincy.
Go to South Haven. My stepmother's wonderful store now has an outdoor cafe!
Ok now its just positive people on my TIMELINE page....... :) NITE *turning lamp off*
Follow Back?:) #TeamVegas <U+2665>
Had 10 hours of dress rehersal I came home and fell asleep nd now Im fuckin grounded for not cleaning my room. What the fuck.?
Just met humble kid #thenation #bestfootforward he's about to kill it
If a dude got a bald spot does he get a hairline? If a dude got a bald spot does he get a hairline?
Sorry Mac lovers - it's official, I hate my Mac.
Ah sad Those were some of my favorite books beloved children's book writer, Jan (of the Berenstain Bears),passed away today
You're welcome, and thank you for your concern. We'll be fine, and our thanks and prayers go out to those on the fire lines!
I love the LOTR Marathons, but can you show the extended ones before the #hobbit comes out. Maybe one a week?
I'm bout to make a homemade splint!!
you don't even know who I'm talking about when I said I'm still in love with someone. .
This Mile High weather is great... whats everybody doing today?
I have a keen eye for spammers. That link is a virus isn't it?
Nick Jonas records &#39;How to Succeed&#39; cast album
If a man lives a pure life nothing can destroy him
It's getting downright autumnal out. I like saying autumnal.
: Men with good intentions make promises, men with character keep them.
thanks a ton! I had a blast doing that Red Ridinghood design =)
It's over. Newt's as washed up as we thought he was, not the world-historical figure he thinks he is. Mittens-BO let's get it on.
One week since the laptop melted down, and no work for me this week! C'mon, universe! This lad needs to eat, pay debts, buy guitars, etc.
Le me- "School needs to be later in the day." Teacher- "So you have more time for homework?" "Sure..."
They have their plan to take over via??Democracy. I know that Mubarak made many mistakes but was right about stopping MB
Congrats!! RT : Just landed in my new home of NY just wanted to say again thanks for all the support even tho its not over yet!
#zipcast i could hear you and see slides, but when i dialed the conference number, could only hear some easy listening.
everyone understood what I was saying anyways.
your welcome!(: and I read your bio...which keek are you in?<U+062A>
that's some hoe shit. He said that? Wow we need you over here in the live room fam
CCM&E names Hartley Adkins has EVP of Ops for the mid-majors, and CC/Philly Market Manager John Rohm is now SVP of Ops, Southeast.
And you are now my favorite young journalist from Ontario;)
Who replaced the Polyjuice Valverde with the real Valverde?
looking forward to an exciting weekend in Solana Beach!
I am a #proudmahomie It was the
New Dexter on Sunday!
if they grade one of the QB's as a franchise Guy they have to go QB. Defense is deep in this draft.
Home Sweet Home!! Niagara Falls is AMAZING! So beautiful! Had perfect weather all week!
Haha. #sizzlinghot Come prove it in person at HH tmw with , and other fun bros.
that would be so awesome though! :D
super excited to see you and Andrew!
Dance Dance Revolution with the fam-bam. This is too funny, I love it haha.
Liz there are multiple answers, you need to ask more than once. 43 is just one option.
I know, I know. We can dream though! ;)
Lem Ha you'd really dig Anthony Kedis and Flea. very smart soulful guys.
Are you watching the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade? Which float is your favorite so far?
Haha ya....my bad
#wearebc RT : 2 yrs ago I was told I might never walk again. Just WALKED off plane in Indy to play in The
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. Robert Collier
I wonder if brand ambassadors introduce themselves at parties as Ambassadors. "Oh how interesting! For which country?" "For Palmolive."
it's there to charge your iphone! Why is your iphone in the shower? lol
still the worst DJ/music in the city. No contest.
thanks Jen!!!
so true but I live here
Lunch, finally. Then back at it.
Dumbest thing ever: "Favourite band? Idk, Lady Gaga or like, anything hipster." OMFG
I'm going to take on more look at that azz. Ok now I'm out
have yet to write chris back .. i'm slipping
hard wrkn day of music
thanks, you too :)
Aw, poor Leo.
I hope we are right.
People's reactions when they saw I painted my nails > xD
#GoTribe Asdrubal Cabrera is staying with us AT LEAST until 2014. Says he wants to retire as an Indian. BEST NEWS EVER.
Hey Chicago, want to know which have #ArtsEd programs? The #ArtLook map launches Thurs. 1/26...more soon.
I need to beef up my axure skills! You are becoming an expert!
who? what frat? you already know im about to stalk him and then marry him.
hey heidi. I'm sure someone's corrected u by now but it's SEIZE the day... thought I'd help xoxo
looolz do that do i can know whatz going on up on that bitch lmao !!
Oh my, it wasn't because she thought BILL CLINTON was WHITE. Just send GRETCHEN CARLSON an e-mail and let her know BILL CLINTON is a BIG D.
Honored to be at 's Annual Conference, celebrating 27 million alumni of Head Start!
So, what made you smile?
I have a long way to go until Im as influential as sigh...
What's the difference between a #mashup and a smashup?
Light travels faster than sound. I'm told that this is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
lol i don't think you got to see the pimp cup tho.
50cent beers at Wise Fools tonight.
Checking out augmented reality - so cool
Get used to it. Noone in that stadium can take anything negative. It's full of 8 year olds.
HOME BORED DNT HAVE NTHYN TO DO
It was great seeing you. Hope it continues!
hunter hall farts like a chick
Game tonight gonna try to beast even tho we r low on ppl
thanks for the follow, great pics.
Sometimes you just got to give yourself what you wish someone else would give you. - Dr Phil
Happy May Day! :)
I forgot soccer was even around...
SKD photo shoot still going strong! Catch us on Fox 40 tomorrow morning at 6:30am!
do not.
there's a website like ispgroup something they have a ton and I have lots of books that have monologues for teenage girls
Thanks for the support!
LMAO..ok. bye.
Do you all remember a study in the past 2 years showing whites often don't notice people of color in ads?
Mm I want some
it's truee
MAN!!! I been sleep since 11 this morning!!! WTF is wrong with me?! I never take naps Smh
Yess I can't stand all that yelling and bullshit over the whole damn mixtape...LOL
My pleasure. Oh and I forgot to mention that I also put tiny bit of sea salt in it
Game turnaround right herr!!!
Congrats. I know you'll do well over there. Plus this will give you better odds on meeting Drake! J/K. Keep in touch.
Happy Sunday folks!
You're not up right now, Chicagoland. But if you are, take two steps outside and appreciate this perfect weather. Welcome to Santa Cruz.
Sad image of the day: Just saw a woman, slightly disheveled, carrying a chocolate muffin in hand, not eating it, walking slowly in the rain
We are looking forward to having you back! Are you heading back to MKE in between visits?
. at the Green Turtle and there's a crew of Avon ladies with a table in the lobby. Thought you should know :)
Last Saturday is not about to be dry , where the moves at?
Did she drown in the pool??
radar app is radar scope, worth every penny and then some!
RT : Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want. - Jim Rohn
Fifteen #USC players will head to Haiti to help build houses this summer. Sounds like Haden and Barkley. Character.
so, what the cover of Time tells me: publishing industry will virtually do anything to sell magazines these days...
I could barely get out of bed this morning because I was so sore!
absolutely horrible. Will RT
Send questions to our inbox... well answer and post em...
I just left an awesome umbrella on my desk and walked out into pouring rain...
you are AMAZING. just wanted to say that :) hope you had a great thanksgiving :)
#Oomf Owes Me Some Head
RT Arctic monkeys and maibock ! ML. Sounds amazing!
Opening night tonight of Murder on the Nile.
Shorts weather
Damn you #procrastination!
folks can't have an opinion anymore i guess...
The tax credit is over but Interest Rates are still at a all time low so what are you waiting for Refinance, Buy a New Home or Take Cash Out
So you are admitting to using a misleading title?
I just donated 1000 grains of rice by kicking ass in the famous paintings category. Too bad it's only like 1/2 cup of rice.
going to bed :]
His work looks interesting. Thank you.
- woman up and make the move!
Tulsans: Avoid if you're looking to sell. They're a bigger scam than campus bookstores.
5th of crown and not hungover!!!!!!!
its funny how as soon as i see Cool Whip trending i automatically think of Stewie on Family Guy lol (ik u like tht show) :)
do you have an iPhone app or iHeart radio available ?
.: We () are very careful about what we tweet. : Why? Tweets are so ephemeral. Try everything!
- Amen, Brax ; and Amen !
And so it begins... A great day for watching football
Missed my 1500th tweet
Staples Center in LA perhaps the busiest arena in history right now. 6 games on 8 networks in 3 days. Crazy!
Actually we do have a Starbucks in our main terminal. We also have local roaster Alterra in the main terminal, C and D.
My shoulder still hurts so fucking bad. Ugh. Ejdndkejsnfjr.
RT Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely. #GoodMorning Whatever you do today--> Get Results!
thanks the wreckless and there awesome process our shirts are finished.. /Users/beave14/Desktop/wrecked2.jpg
Seems like everyone i know is talking about marriage and kids and paint colors for their house, and i still feel like im 17 and roaming free
": You're either all in...or you're in the way." Guess I'm in the way.
building a site is only the first step albeit an important one. Generating visits and converting to leads is the tough part.
Easter candy is not vegan.
. As example of increasing conservatism, Armato cites new resistance to interdisciplinarity -- a battle thought won.
If you really love someone you will never lie to them because then the lie is bigger than your love for them..
you have the nicest body around
My daughter running in with excitement to show us her seeds have sprouted. Flowers, beans? We forgot. But still exciting.
there are two Republicans running in Nov., but no real chance against a Democrat in Baltimore.
What is the polite way to tell someone that every time they talk to you, it feels like they're carjacking your time?
Peyton to the Dolphins?!
re #2: I think that's actually a really good idea. Maybe a poll question on the library's website?
can u follow bck(:
True true. - I assume the seventies theme is a nod to when the campaign finance acts were first passed...
Lightning talk: , Project @ : Mobile Historical: online database for interpretive text, photos, etc.
Whack him and I'll send you a bonus RT : Someone just cussed me out for havin this hat on... Due for a long day in Boston lol
Our political system is broken. This country needs a 3rd Party in the worst way.
Sometimes you will never know the true value of a moment until it becomes a memory.
Happy National Teacher Day! Thank you to all teachers out there for everything you do!
I love Pit Bulls and Parolees
Milf? Ew! Not even that!! She's so wrinkly and saggy!! Her tits drag on the ground!
Ready for the day to be over! Tired!! Couple more hours left.
Just wondering who manages your online media services?
": good looks my g" u already noe I got my chicken up I want u to produce a mixtape 4 me
Guest #flamenco artist from Malaga, Antonio Arrebola, performing with Flamencura at Copa this Friday night at 8 pm!
yes they do team u cleaning the tub if u take a bath cuz I'm not bending down lol
'Water For Elephants' director Francis Lawrence takes over director's chair on ... - allvoices
Sen Randolph suggests that this issue be studied in interim committee.
Oh how cool! Not off the top of my head, but I'll tweet it out. :)
Slabtown will be holding a tournament Aug 21-22. We'll be bringing a few extra machines and set them to free play.
Actually, cancel that. I can't find anything that interesting. :'(
The Mind & Consciousness As an Interface #sxsw #BrainUI just starting science fact meets science fiction
Bad bitches ><
How about a pic of that bobblehead with the Holiday pack...
Ron Little (District CFO) Now talking re: Moody's credit rating downgrade.
Nothing really just being bored out of my mind and tired!!!:|
Boys are like parking spaces the good ones are take-in!!!!
What's up with your boy TB12's hair? Looks like he's channeling your old Mohawk.
Who's ready for Friday to be here already? I know I am for sure....
Wow you have been one busy girl!
I am dreaming of white sand beaches...
Busy week ahead here at the - season opener, , and Disney On Ice!
Word? I live in Texas, but I'm sure you'll like the Windy City
Yep, that happened here in Renton too....
let's go to timebomb Wednesday
sorry missed your tweet, I fell asleep, ttyt
gangster RT : Smart , I was just reading the story, slick. cc.
I hope #1omf missed me today :)
just found our first model to rep the state authentics columbus hat. she's real fly..
just leavin work
ME lol i used to have it and write in invisible ink so no1 could read it and only i had the light but after a while i coulnt
is the #BEST ddrummer in
Thanks for showing me all dat #PROMO #LOVE <3 XOXO
Save date for Veterans Benefits Seminar at the John D Dingell VA Medical Center in #Detroit on Saturday, May 5, 1- 3 pm. More info to come.
deep breaths!
NINE best picture nominations?! Ugh, when's the first debate?
hahahahah basically Zia the detergent gave Melissa a money shot 8==D- - - ;) $$$
Keep the scores coming, nick!! :)
RT Unless something else brewing, Brian Hartline now number 1 receiver in Miami. Defenses will put 11 in the box!
just replied via DM to you
Date night with my girl , yeah she's amaazzzzzziiinnnngggg <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
That's BEAUTIFUL!
Trying to! :D
RT: : TODAY ALL SHORTS ARE 25% OFF!!! COME STOCK UP WITH GEAR!!!!
What is Josh using as walk-up music this year? I couldn't tell what it was the other night.
Do you really want me to eat duck?!
Great celebrity cameo by at tonight's Double Jump show.
nvkfsnvsjvnsvsd im so bored does anyone talk to me anymore
Bring on the #Rangers! See you Sunday #Tigers!!
Our innovative #chiropractic firm in #PDX is new to Twitter! Give us a follow for #industry #secets, giveaways, and #free consultations!
Let the radio marathon begin! On until midnight!!
#dead RT : nothin to worry about just lost my mirror guys :) x x
Met with Oprah's people today.
I give so many backrubs, the ladies at work call me the "Massage-o-nist." Now I KNOW the word is "masseur" but y'know, girls are stupid
I'll go.
The Patriots were 16-0 before losing in the championship.
As always, #hbrchat is THE fastest hour of the week.
how often r u on the set of days this week u r on there alot
Happy New Year everyone. we are taking a quiet day here to reflect and direct or efforts for the coming year. with much love -Nowhere
Hey Brad how long are you in LA?
Some of our favorite orgs & resources:
115 dollars for a Andrew Luck jersey at the Colts Pro Shop. No thanks.
Nice piece, tho wrong on one count: $22 mil would surely have obviated this week's cover (just sayin)
new song !!
Congrats Nina!:D
i followed back bro salute
Headed to Brooklyn! If you are in the area, come out and fellowship! Yes, I will sign your book! LOL
My "I'm a Grad Student working on my thesis" pitch has allowed me to talk to amazing people in the SM/Online Marketing for HigherEd world!
Your account has been hacked and is sending me spam DMs.
I'm still hungry
Morning!! Glad to know Im not the only one who is up before the sun! :)
Please God read my Tweet: Help Japan. Help Japan.
I need to seriously stop sleeping during the day.
No difference in liars and truth tellers in frequency of smiling.
$1 shipping! Get your sperantsa gear now!
Saw your pick-up game in Philly.amazing! If you're ever in New York check out a Bill Walton affiliated company
ill be the first one watchin it...hahha...luv ya..
While the kids are out trick-or-treating... Treat yourself to a nice hot mineral soak. Happy Halloween.
RT : So excited to have our terrific community employment partner volunteering 3 cheers for !
We are now on application #130114 - Lynn Retson.
What a fabulous idea--customized advertising. RT Hungry? We’ve got what you crave—10 Beef Sliders. .
lol yea we do
her comes kane
Why am so tired? Oh well, nap time <U+270C>
In awl right now!
That was my favorite out of all "Teairra Mari interview" Very bold question with Rihanna. lol!! It was a OMG moment. Nice!!
tell him to wipe good for BIG ray
Advanergy is an end-to-end consulting firm which fully finances and manages commercial #energyefficiency projects across New England.
HAHAHA i totally feel you
Hello to our newest follower Have a great day
you is kind, you is smart, you is important.<U+2665>
": I always fall for the ones that would rather watch me fall."
Finders keepers
I wish I had Spike Lee's home address to tell everyone in the Mid-West so they can send him "mail"
letz tlk about our plans 2morrow cuz im too tired to think .
Reno singing Boyfriend by Justin Bieber >>>>>>>>>>>>
#WhenImBored I watch & 's YouTube videos! <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Dick Clark* gotta stay
I got a big ego. Bitch don't touch me.
I realize that my use of the word "career" might sound pretentious.
there will be NEW kids waiting around the BLOCK for those burgers!
I love you Thanks for being my best friend.
Ugh, I can't sleep:/ Zac Efron Just came on my Tv! Mother of God(: I was like..Woahhhh.
The Jay Williams of rap? RT I really thought JR writer was gunna be the next star
Ok, directv was here. Tv in front of treadmill connected with DVR. Time to watch the game and get a quick run in.
If people could read my mind, I'd get punched in the face a lot.
I feel like the shortest girl here ...
No better way to say goodbye to Austin for a few days than with breakfast tacos at the airport.
I've got love for Seattle. Not the greatest weather but the vibe of the city is more than making up for it.
hey, i'm looking for big-time otakon fans. are you one? do you know one? one that dresses up? hit me up, asap. it's for a story.
I cnt stand you !
Oh, my sweet little Janet! Always surprising us.
eh I likedem so I boughtem lol...and I wanted some black and white ones.
This is hilarious.
I've effectively wasted the past 45 minutes worrying about #rushlimbaugh, #ricksantorum and the downfall of society. Off to bed!
Going 0-8 at the plate but finish as winning pitcher, I'm guessing that would be a first (since 1900)...
Just living life to the limit!! How have you been?
where you at?
Libraries provide a great public service
Nope, THANK GOD, Miley is NOT in the
i feel sick
Specializing in film output: spot color seps, CMYK or simulated process we can output films any size & ship them to you in less than a day!
She be playin with me like shyt
If while you're on vacation you see Eli Roth, get the hell outta there ASAP!!!
RT Im beginin to think ur rt about PM using Broncs. His delay screwed hasselbck if he goes to TN. Pm just wants $
Happy new year to all my friends, family and followers. Hope to meet a few more of you in 2012
Rivalry is the life of trade, and the death of the trader.
Give me something for my soul. Write, man. WRITE!
I'm not a policeman, I'm a princess!!
"The Library has to go from being a grocery store to being a kitchen" --Bill Purdue
do you have a link?
are you looking for help with seo?
Damn,Glad January is Almost Ending.February is rite around the corner hahaaa.Den Dat Means Wen February comes couple weeks after Ill be 21 .
hm, if you want to push the npr api stuff through wordpress is probably a better bet.
": Which Manning deserves to be higher on this year's Top 100 countdown... Peyton or Eli?" Peyton, can't believe it's a question
...And free agencies is now open! Let's see what the #Eagles do.
looks a little cloudy
come on bruins! one period down two to go! :/
LOL It's coming along! Lovin it! RT : Thank you for the #FF!!! Twitter 101 is workin out, huh? lol XO
People these day -__-
You 25 I thought MAYBE you grew up! Guess I was wrong! Smh
Had lots of fun tonight at the
Follow Back?(:
Drew's doggedness and surprisingly, the defense, keeping us alive in San Fran.
that was a good choice man I made the mistake of getting the Virus worst purchase ever Buggy software & sounds the same as software
Don't get me wrong, I love giving blow jobs. But if the guy has a tiny dick, it's like, what am I even supposed to DO with that?
thanks! Saiyyan Re isn't really a FIT song, but Koi Kahe is on our featured five-- which choreographed!
Best line I've read today: "When it hops from birds to people, it has a disturbing tendency to kill them." (about H5N1 flu)
Only in Wisconsin haha
Let us know is we can help or answer questions! When we add CC sales, that will have a fee, but the rest is free.
still want that motorcycle?
We felt it very significantly near downtown Kansas City, Missouri...two waves of tremors, the second stronger than the first!
": Everyone watch FUSE tonight at 9 on tv!! You may see me ;)"and me woo
#PopularInThe90s The painful tumult of adolescence and also slap bracelets!!!
A March snowstorm in WI makes me crave porters & stouts, not summer brews. So why all the summer brew releases in March?
Just finished all 3 seasons of Sons of Anarchy. I gotta say it's a good show, but I'm sad at the way it ended in season 3.
You are really nice. And I see no problem with that, especially when it disarms people! It's a force for good. :)
yeah that stands out as extremely odd. Tragic if it's true, tragic if there's more to the story
Calle 13 Concert May 7 @ Congress Theater Chicago! Save the date. Tickets being given away @ Lalo's UIC on Wednesday & Vibe Lounge on Friday
Ugh. Take it day by day; bird by bird. Today, clearly, is a lay-low day. Sorry, hon.
I can't see ANY of you tweeting #GetAustinToTheTop10 what a shame.
“: I wanna go to kings island.” me too... Let's go
they shouldn't. It depends on condensation. You may have to retune tho
lost 13.7 pounds since his last weigh-in! He's lost 19.2 pounds so far.
Presenter using soccer skills to illustrate design principle. Nice! I can get that.
Raul Ibañez found the fountain of youth!
hahah! so true
I'll be right there. I want to join the bisexual club RT : Someone come visit me in my room
“ The difference between Mitt Romney and an Etch-A-Sketch: Broad Appeal”
Syracuse publishing a guide for recruiting, resourcing etc employing #veterans based on long study. Free Interactive ebook.
same! we're going over to that locker in the morning and guess who else is gonna be theree;)
maybe you can tell me how to crop a document (not just a new dartboard)
write a blog about #Barcamptampa share it with us
RT : “: got you!!”<~I'm not playing!! I'm up the street from you sir!//smh pizza cold now.
Just one dull moment would be nice.....
me too! #Girls rocks! :)
Wishing the entire House of Israel a chag samach& shabbat shalom props to my boy Moses for leading our way to freedom
Realistically? No. We have a larger student pop, and to not have benchmarks for cut-offs would create more stress on admissions
#ff - a actor who has got it together! Check out her blog.
Happy birthday
Ur one of my favorite actors <3 I just love seein ur face and ur funny too :-)
My thoughts exactly. RT : Pickle Juice. RT : Man I got a nasty cramp in my leg in the middle of the night.
'LET THE MUSIC SPEAK FOR ITSELF"
Hey everyone this is the Official Chuck Wicks Florida streetteam so tell all your friends to follow us for the latest Chuck news!
JUST HIRED a full-time Sr. Java Developer....plenty more spots to fill for both mid-level and Sr. Java positions. If anyone is looking for…
I'm in a good follow mood. So follow me for a follow back.
Great to see South Carolina trending on #Twitter. It's a great place to be (please RT).
Good morning and happy Tuesday! Time to play artist and make some butterflies.
1 year guys wow,and were not going anywhere<3
Hey can I comeover? I need to get out of this house. I need someone to fangirl with me.
die verse city apparel.
Reinforces my reason why quitting twitter is a fantastic idea. Thanks guys...
I've been alternating between the 2. I need get a smaller kettle bell before I try the TGU. *I already tried with a 35 lbs*
Thx Mac! :) : Nice work! Way to represent
are u? If u are ima be mad. Ima still come up there and kick it tho
"Ya'll need to understand, that when girls reach for their purse... That's a fake reach. She don't mean that."
Yea the Honor Guard ordered some Formal White Cotton Gloves today. I love our military men and women and I am proud to glove them.
We're here at the #MomsatTheWH chat w/ &
The finishing touches are on the Ghapfm Hamilton Video. Would you like to give the gift of entertainment?
Playing Southgate house tonight at 9:45! Come out!
My car is about to be fucken hot!! -.-
Okay, I RT everything that made me smile. So, good morning all! Have a productive day...
please support breast cancer awareness by checking your self
#MARCHMADNESS NCAA come hang with us!
I will definitely try 2 b on my best behavior, but no promises once ur bass hits me in the face! Pumped 4 both of ur shows
Hittin' on dudes... hard.
josh smith just layed it down
at the Lakefront Path and Fullerton
Come and get some sweet tweets tonight 18th and Texas in the heart of the depot. We are serving up some FOOD by the Dude!
yeah - holy shit is right! i can't believe it myself. most of that has happened outside of the small insular world of comics.
i'm on this website , &' i met this kid from Canada , &' he likes you'r song boyfriend <3 i told you it was amazing <3 (;
I just saw the sick vids of "rebels" beating to death any person who is dark skinned. But their oil is so sweet!
you don't use punctuation in hashtags NECK
Snow-dusted sidewalks certainly aren't keeping the diners away for Baltimore Restaurant Week! We love having you all in for lunch-- thanks!!
Just celebrated 10 years of with the team. 3PM champagne, cider, cupcakes, strawberries & connectedness.
well said. #SecClinton: We don't have to choose btwn doing well & doing good. The only choice we have to make is to do better.
Brunch with us tomorrow and then roll right over for Derby Day at Maxie's.
maybe the police of Evanston need to deputize us?
Loudest I've ever heard this building is when Richie just scored. Let's make it louder by burying the winner.
im not saying my boyfriend is thick ,but yesterday when we had a gas leak she put a bucket under it
Thx! You Rock! I just bought my prom dress even though I have 5 months to wear it thanks to !! :)
I don't think you realize... No one cares
a little lol about as entertaining as reading a book lol jk
So far, this is going to be VERY Beastie Boys heavy.
Phil Dunphy is the most naive dad ever. I wish he was my dad.
I can't stop thinking about some fried pickles from ! Once you know they are out there, you can't help but become addicted!
LOL that's the PR world babe
wait what??
Merry Krampus! Almost.
RT "Faith is daring the soul to go beyond what the eyes can see." - William Clark
where are you???
I love everybody. Some I love to be around, some I love to avoid, and others i'd love to punch in the face.
Going to see my only brother. Seeing for the first time in 2 years. So excited! ^_^
DALLAS WAS INCREDIBLE. Partied like a rock star, met CHEESEHEADS all over, players, etc...
I will not buy a puppy on my lunch break. I will not buy a puppy on my lunch break. I will not buy a puppy on my lunch break.
RT if you always see those annoying ads on your compu/laptop saying "You are a winner" or "Click here to win a fre blahblahabsitzscholts"
yes lol I'm only visiting I never came with intentions of staying!
woo! Congratulations!
No more drinking before a show for me, or in general for a while. Todays Day 2 of my new workout and liquor just does not help at all.
sign me
Let us know if you would like to meet up. Thanks!
Love it. Go renovation!
I'm down for that. Now to move closer to all of you...
Live tweeting!
#winbig tonight with $1 drinks using #bartab! Follow us and we will hook you up!
No problem. Do you know her personally?
No problem, Anika! That was oodles of hard work, beautifully done work!
thanks for the follow! Happy Sunday! Come to the Home show tmoro, it's free!
A 15 yo girl w/terminal cancer made a bucket list. One wish: To trend on Twitter. Give a RT
I know I like when they wake them up haha!
LMFAO tmill got offended as fuck at that tweet
Words can't express how happy I am to have college football back.
Have to own up! I'm watching Downtown Abbey.
Just returned from day 1 of color correction on the film. What a great experience at Nolo Digital. I highly recommend them!
13.1 - #crushed. Feels amazing to put in the time $ see a great outcome.Couldn't have done it without amazing support. You know who you are!
Our lawn is green for st patty's day...is yours?
Still in court with the todos somos arizona defendants. If you're in downtown come on by to show support at press conference. 11:30.
I just saw that you RTed my article this week. Thank you much! It was totally inspired by Once Upon a Time. :)
I'm shocked you're shocked at the Obama/Bush poll. Name a major media figure who doesn't spin all Obama victories as inadequate.
You never gave me your number. :( btw diss girl got some major CollinsCold<3
Let it out.
he turned into the ghost when we told him he has to pay! good one
Visiting Austin w/ #UnitedWay of #Texas talking public policy, #aca, #obamacare, and women's leadership.
like foreal your the most beautiful follower I have :D haha
just gave a great speech at the Philly #autism expo
You're cute. Like really cute. Stay beautiful :D ~~
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw getting along with all parties is the key to resolving the final agreement.
You're welcome!
Urock tour 2012 Darichboyz getting to the money "Travel the World" we got em "Wide Open"
bro u see chill af an if u got a ps3 add me peyton112
All is well. We moved to atlanta last summer and we're enjoying the city. Working on a new ms. How are things with you?
will you be at the USA vs Ecuador friendly game at Red Bull Arena?
Scala is like all the worst parts of Perl gangrenously grafted on to the Java pig.
My mf stomach hurt as in im hungry af
If you are a male and above the age of around 20 and wearing hollister- I am just going to assume you are a European tourist. So its excused
Game of the night right here Game 7! Its the LakeShow!
Great vids on youtube! How do you recommend loading out the MP9 w/ Akimbo in MW3?
I like dating strippers cause they forget about shit all the time... Like that date we were supposed to be on but I met that other girl.
1 more attempt at THE point! NOT blaming screenwriter- great screenplays/talent don't have to fizzle out if Biz Models change
Congratulations to everyone graduating this year from high school and/or college...keep up the good work!!
Really enjoyed seeing live in Portland this weekend. They brought out the inner scientists in all of us.
great tip!! Thanks.
I love sitting at home alone. Lol.
and I like my dudes all dark like coal :))
I Really Dont Feel Well Though !
I got experience. Old head taught me back in '96. I was 4. Never forgot the lessons.
I always feel so good after talking to my gram. Love her.
If you have a shade of blush that fades away after an hour or that's hard to blend into skin, get rid of it.
wondering why we party so hard...we gotta stop drinking so much
(Det. Douglas Epperson investigated Isaiah Simmons' death; Barnes says credibility issues from another case taint him for the Simmons case)
User:Akmkbstc - Wiki
ShoutBack to the Best Pro Breakdancer (& Boom Mic Operator) ;D 4 our RT: : S/O to the best deli place in sacramento
I need to find a better dog sitter next time I leave town... the neighbors did a better job then my roommate! And she's my sister! Lol
We Buy Ugly Houses Declares Vacant Homes Detrimental Unoccupied homes cause major issues for everyone in the neighborhood. Dallas, Texas
Wow! Lucky you, reminds me of Kermit's performance at the O'Neill in 2010!
I use to mess with her
Experience is what you have after you've forgotten her name
there's no one to take to the baseball game. :/
I like GoogleBuzz - it also fixes the lack of comment notification in G-Reader. Social networking within email makes sense.
Should I give him a second chance?
RT : All 60s garage rock songs basically have the same guitar solo.| Really? Only in that they borrowed from Chuck Berry.
case by case basis. No clear yes or no. But I know thousands online and have met a few hundred over the years.
knew I had a good nite last nite,when I woke up and couldn't breathe.<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00AC><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
no that tweet creeped on me
How old are you?
they used to do that to me all the time! then they sent me a new card and it hasn't happened since.
Kind of obsessed with Freelance Whales :3
I didn't know the names on the 9/11 memorial were placed by relationship. Really interesting and very...human. I like it.
Kids: practice your free-throws.
Thanks Stacey!! RT love your new look (website, that is-lol)!
Do you like that iPad stand? I've been shopping around for one for my desk at work...
- cold out there on the lakefront? or was it alright? this girl really misses running, my treadmill is getting dusty.
don't be hating on my Timmy!!
You can't be GREAT at what you do, if you're not putting time and effort into it
Hey Ms Lady! Every ep deserves a watch party w/wine and popcorn, lol...how are u babe?
Friends and family no call no show?
Goodness!!! I'm not into basketball but there's some ill ish going on in March Madness! Mizzou and Duke bit the dust? WIIZZZOW!!!
HOW IS EVERYONE'S DA GOING???:):):)
Los Angeles for the day... Wish it was longer. 65 degrees feels amazing!
Lol at <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> haha she comes over and says "let me have some of your candy so you dont get fat!" *runs over to my candy*
of 106 & Park will be making a visit to Miami TOMORROW. Catch her at Miami Gardens (4797 NW 183 St) at 4:30.
Why do I always end up liking guys with crazy ass baby mamas?
Awesome! I will be calling to get more details
The glass is neither half-full nor half-empty: it's twice as big as it needs to be.
Its Friday!!! Dance Party Dance Bethesda starting at 8pm with lessons folowed by party and Jack & Jill contest. See you tonight!
fucking break the sound barrier and get the fuck out of there.
'SeaNanners' and the art of video game commentary - CNN
Amazing! Send us pics! ; )
I hate him with a passion since he joined my most hated team but I respected him alot in Cleveland
We still have a little bit of space left for Valentines Day Dinner. Call 434 971 1800 for reservations.
WE ARE
Its freakin snowing! In May!!
RT : Just added our 4,300th LinkedIn member to the Wake Forest Career Connectors group!
Reality hits you hard bro.
I VOTED AGAIN ON COED, AND YOU SHOULD SEE MY COMMENT I LEFT ABOUT YOU
Thanks for the follow! I look forward to keeping in touch with you and reading your tweets.
just because of that tweet, I'm gonna finish this cheese.
another one bites the dust Bye Pens
fung wah bus driver just chugged an entire bowl of miso soup, burped, shut the door, and threw it into first gear
how much are the action kits?!?!???
Nothing hurts more than being disappointed by the person you thought would never hurt you.
No idea what you're talking about but, it just sounds funny
My contact about housing in NYC called and told me not to get on the bus yet. He says he has a plan B, but I can't get through to learn it.
Check out www.facebook.com/bookguilddc everyday for great holiday giving ideas!
don't tease! Because I'll srsly come chill with one of my P&R favs!!
I NEED YOU HERE BUT YOU'RE ALWAYS SO FAR AWAY.
Headed to the ou spring game to see what the No.1 team in the nation look like!!!!
YATES CO SHERIFF: Penn Yan Police Department phones are back in service
They say that if you eat a dozen almonds as a late a afternoon snack, it's good for you. But, who can really stop at just 12?
love you peyton <21 night...well morning
hey Mickey, great job.
Just spent $60 on gas for a 2 seater sports car. Thanks Obama
Trying to copy one blackboard course to another. It's 1.1 Meg, and they'll email me when it's ready to download. It's 2011.
Thx 4 the follow! And more importantly your service to America!
the type of crap u tweet is why I stay on Twitter
Who wants to get drunk and watch Titanic in 3D with me? Then again, who just wants to get drunk?
cool (: LOL :P I'm just playing on my phone here!
By god, I want to win free wedding invitations from and They are just so dang pretty.
4 down and 1 to go in GB. Packers players contine to be an amazing group. Driver, Jennings, Jones and Hawk are the real deal!
Fight On!
Working in #aftereffects +
I'm just an amateur offensive coordinator, but I have to believe it would be beneficial for the Browns to run a route longer than 5 yards.
mines not just doing it on my android it's been doing on my iPod to....I'm starting to get angry *growls*
Happy Easter!!!!!
what do you mean
I will be at Macadam's Bar & Grill in SW PDX between 6:45 & 8:45 if any of y'all want to keep me company.
friend of ours (Malley and I) tipped us to that one. and this is my new name, other one has gone to the underscore cemetery
happy birthday :)
I’d rather regret something I did, than something I never did when I had the chance.
let's seriously go to the beach again !!
The festivities begin at Arvey Field- Roosevelt and Columbus at 6:15. Get your free t-shirt when you register!
Bored at home :-( Nothing 2 do... guess I'll go get a taco salad frm
The new Dark Knight trailer was fucking awesome
ok yourself
We're busy getting ready for our next road show in Arkansas! We can't wait to share our toffee with wonderful members there!
Lol twitter boo's?
Good stuff Keep up the tweets.
thanks Nancy!! Hope all is well in your clan!!
People say they dont like when artist do mixtape songz. #SoWhat Freedom of expression tho.
right doe ...
Gloomy day in MN bring some food sleeping weather
Stay tuned for announcement of the official hotel sponsor of this year's event!!!
RT The flag shall be flown at half-staff ... on the day of death and the following day for a Member of Congress. 4 USC 7(m)
Doing the high jump next mod. Why does my gym teacher make us do this. We don't know anything about track. I'm probably gonna break somethin
Planning a trip to LA with them lol SMH to all the fake people out there and to the idiots who allow ppl to be fake to them
with drake and we are drunk as fuuckkkk
Cool ! I also posted to the LinkedIn BC Entrepreneur group & should take a look at too
Speak on it at 2:50pm EST
Seems a known writer can self-publish w/ good results. Do you foresee a future when an unknown writer can do the same?
Love the profile pic!
...I'm speechless. I've seen it more times than i can count, and know very few people who can. Point: Shenea
At sirens eating dinner. So delicious.
I am because you are.
The stars are aligning.
hang in there. The Starbucks across the way is always a good option too.
Do You Blowdry Your Hair? Haha (:
last two weekends i've been playin a bunch of cumbias. thx for this!
Totally agree! ever since #newtwitter, I feel like there's a lot less conversation...Maybe the layout is just too much?
People stay complaining bout they situation stop complaining and change it
Winter break! Music is going to be made
So, me and Andrew decided we want to do a cover of "How To Love." Pretty fucking awesome right?! xoxo Tori
don't stand outside in the rain for the peas
pfft, I've had a couple HRs and some wins already. But it's my keeper league, I've been building several years
me too. i don't think i slept long enough to dream. went to bed at 5:30am. tonight, let's tho it.
I'm going to marry Ellen
It's 2012!!!! And we want to introduce you to our new project Add us, like us, sing, dance, jump, laugh party with us.
Good point. Do you think there should be?
Happy Birthday Blessings! Thank for your mission to heal.
Had great fun yesterday w/ & on a shoot for ! Wonderful ppl to work with :-)
how do you feel about cemetaries with no headstones, just flat plates on the ground? makes for easier mowing and less clutter.
I know right its because my class basically thought that it was gonna be easy to raise money but now we gotta pay friggin $100
"I wasn't that drunk." "Dude, you took a cleaning sponge and yelled 'Spongebob! What have they done to you?!?'"
well done Shay <U+E057>
That's fair, but with a player this talented I think you have to put aside how you feel about him. He'd be a huge pick up.
Great #Shuttle Coverage Tom! Enjoyed watching you, Eun and Aaron--was able to see it because of your play-by-play!
Love the concept and the post-production!
Sure! show your work Suze
Correct understanding of persona creation lead to use & satisfaction with personas. Of course.
Glad to hear you are making progress. Looking forward to a complete series of picture books on history in every school ;)
excellent retweet. I may or may not be a few beers in.
Launching mobile-optimized version of usabiliTEST to provide basic information. Unfortunately iOS does not support some functionality.
#ThingsIGetAlot....You talk so WHITE....
Congrats! That's awesome!
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love>3 xox.4
When sleeping in = waking up at 9.30am
(712): It's that time of year where we just drink more instead of dressing warmer.
Had a wonderful time with some fab bitches :)
something witty :)
yes! We've been giving at least one out every year for the past 8 years, I believe. This year's winner is from Grants HS.
Bridge night returns tomorrow with a bang-- and snacks! Don't miss this fun game night for all ages. 7p.m. at the library.
"What if learning conflicts w/ a PR message?" THAT is the question.
Congrats , on the big win tonight
Ion even wanna be bothered anymore
Good morning all! Dad has asked about breakfast yet. But he's still focused on my mom's.
hey ive been here for a while old man! haha see u in less than two weeks J!
Okay, im done... sorry mitch... love ya(;
I don't care what the nutrition label says, Top Ramen noodles are DELICIOUS.
What artist would score the soundtrack for your life?
Damn you Jelly Bean... #FAKERS vs
‘All men’s miseries derive from not being able to sit in a quiet room alone.’ ~Blaise Pascal
Gadzooks. RT : Broncos meeting with Peyton Manning, offering roughly $90 million over 5 years ... Re-calibrating first report.
welcome to the mojo!
welcome home! LA missed you!
Its May 1st! Which Side Are You On?
Craving a Dyers right about now
#republicans explain to me why adding millions of people to a market is a job killer?
Leaving LA Fitness.... Hooped all day... Now bout to be sore... And got the fight tonight.. fml
IN NYC!!! AT THE STUDIO!!! WE REALLY DO THIS SHIT!! WORK HARD!!!
I guess "because I live here" isn't an acceptable answer to the question, "why are you peeing with the door open?"
Having so much anxiety you get sick
Its Okay :)
EXpressions: Say what?
Lmaooo RT : 'Look at that big long piece of meat that lady has in her cart from the deli.Is that a big dildo?'-my grandma. XD
Hm.... wild bird... um.... Herman. definately. its such an epic name :D
": You don't do it on purpose, but you make me shake."
well there you go! (:
lol yar I did text you back. Bad Hailey! She is a bad lady
Landed in Portland. Now at a rehearsal studio in what appears to be Murderville, Oregon. It's run be a metal head motorcyclist in a kilt.
Instead of trying to be sexy after 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100; I wish people would try to be mature and wise
yeah i heard some people act fake there as well etc. and lol
I'm ready to be sure I never become that way again, cause who I am hates who I've been. .
workflow is an application
I tried doing that station at camp one yr but kids these days just cant catch like the 60/70's Russian Players
I just wanted you to know that when you meet me on the Believe tour, I will be the one that slaps your butt ;)
Or just hear about it later...
Really getting tired of
You get used to the city pretty quickly. Are you here for fun?
no it's nothing new lol did you poop a chicken from the other day?
The Where's Waldorf - without question. Never had anything else amazingly!
please dont send spam this way
Adding Salvation Mountain to my bucket list.
I'd take that as a challenge, but it's close to my bed time and I don't have the motivation to. I take my sleepy time seriously.
Looking for the right massage therapist? Check to make sure they are licensed in your state, ask friends for their massage therapist.
Norah Jones "Little Broken Hearts" vinyl finally came in the mail! It's even better than I anticipated..
This is day four without #dietcoke. The things I do!
Make Indian pancakes!
AP tests are next week. Tech week is next week. My scholarship audition is next week.
Lmao my Wow account got hacked again
For me too. I'm scared.
#IdRatherHave Pokemon over any other game
Bout to smoke one while I jam these traxx
watching dazed and confused
that sucks buddy! When did they tell u this
pink slime pink slime pink slime
At Dane Dems school board forum. Candidates preparing to speak.
we'll figure it out.
Im in fifth grade and coach earl asked me to practice soccer with varsity
i know it is def contributing to my procrastination. how is student teaching?
Waiting for the guilt to kick in.
Hey Chris! Welcome to Twitter! :)
it is a bit funny:)
Just woke up -.o I have so much homework to do, gotta get a good GPA before this school year ends P.S. don't slack in school like how I do
i'm sorry, i won't say anymore ._.
Meh. Lost another 4k last hand before break. Folded KQs to lead on Qxx flop in 3b flop. I felt way behind. 17k on brk
Lob city Win what a fucking crazy ass playoff games od crazy lets go lob city
that would be a Start to FUN!! *wink*
Hey it's BK, When (if) you play the lottery, do you pick your own #'s? When (if) you win, what charity are you going to help out?
Theres only one person that can tell you you cant make it, and thats yourself.
good choice
Hard life for women #CivilWar Camps. Cooks, Laundresses, Nurses, & Whores. GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle Free Prime
they be bumping balls LMAOOOOOOOO“: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> I see u and chase gettin kanky <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> freeakayyy”
#scarymovierulestoliveby if you find a shotgun laying around while being chased by the monster, don't bother. He's f***ing with you.
NF FOLLOW BACK
Those professionals who once had high base salaries, expense accounts and company cars are now really taking it on the chin. How to adapt?
Turn me on on on
“: 33 and LOVING it here!” it looks good on you!
I hate it when you don't reply to someone and then they blow your phone up with texts.. Just <U+E012>.
I'm sure he deserves his punishment. The young are extra just.
Turns out Nautica really neutralizes B.O.
I proposed that to IT 3 years ago !!!!
What did you have for lunch, ? If you're still hungry, come enjoy a delicious pizza, calzone or pasta with us!
Tht one thing u want to still remain is u to u not me
Congrats to on her new baby! & the fam :D Love you all!
that's what I do not to be nice to others but to be nice to future me. :-)
OOH sounds like a date. Let's go <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Still getting things ready for HOB on Sept 5th. Dont have ur FREE tix yet?! Send us a DM with an address so we can get them out!
Watching Celebrity Apprentice, and not such a fan of Clay Aiken...kinda snarky
You only live once, so live it up to the fullest
well, first i'd give you a big hug! and then i'd probably wake up from my dream -__-
now accepting gas money donations and iced coffees- im easy to please
": We sure weren't lying when we said 2012 would be Austin's year<3"
Four more weeks and than its all over. :-)
I just got the Nook Simple Touch Glow. It's really cool. I'm reading at the backyard and it's evening.
Hey guys... can you take this link down. We sent it early on accident. Sorry about the confusion!
Love my Boston Fans!!! Keep the tweets coming
RT EcommerceJobs: PRO BUSINESS: "San Mateo's CafePress moving headquarters to Louisville, KY" (San Jose Mercury News) ...
please tweet me anything will be nice :)1
I got so much anger inside of me.
Our drivers are dodging bullets in the form of hail on the road right now. Everyone be careful out there!
Why are people driving up and down Queen Anne Hill? Don't they see the closed road signs?
Here is a pro tip: scan the QR code in their ad on pg3 of our current issue to DL the official SBW app! It's SO HELPFUL!
Purple lean chillin
your 9am is in reception
Ha, nice pun!:) & YES, great day to play today! Enjoy the Sun!! RT :
6 is good with me. I second the healthy options. Something like virgin olive market?
Well idont sweetie. It was my opinion or thought grow up plz. Be Blessed
When will you come to Singapore again?
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
Tighten up
So it begins...": Can't Wait! *Bart Scott Voice* LOL RT : you are all set #grooveswedding"
hows your day? :D
It's raining. And I'm at work. And I'm bored. And I'm soaked. And... I've run out of things to say.
far and away you are my inspiration to continue to play GK at 40 in our outdoor league. I thank you. (my knees hate you tho)
Captain Planet, Green Lantern, Superman, Batman, Jesus. RT : Signed baseball who best predicts my Top 5 Superhero list.
Guess ill share with twitter
well then F you too.
Love seeing brands use experiential to drive ambassadorship. It has to be a commitment.
I'm at Club Bed with Dj Robyn playing nothing but the Z!!!! Goodnight World.
The fans who really go hard for me > #TeamRomanZyion, Just don't know the things yall say the comments yall make are just priceless! #Love!
I thought the NLCS was over.....
UPDATE: The results are in, with the SCVNGR team winning 4 of the 7 games played but HubSpot prevailing during the final round
A Stone Cold Stunna, victim Steve Austin
he deserves that injury
I was trying to cultivate that at on Saturdays - but there were so many obstacles. Beer Run isn't bad not the decor
Christmas shoppin :) can't wait 2 eat!!! Turkey, stuffing, roast potatoes, cookies, ice cream nd a whole bag of M&M's !!
I'd kill to be graduating tonight..
Sitting here playing Nintendo 64 with
I have only played the first. You mean to tell me the other two are worse?
I accidentally turned images off in firefox.... the net with no images is a sad dreary place.
I spent most of the day adjusting settings so I could see text. It's amazing how big fonts have to be.
Time to head out tomorrow and drop off resumes to businesses
Up early. Glad to be feeling and doing great :-)
SWEET TAP LINE!! been waitin to hear ya throw some melody down :)
I love you, my pretty friend
I sent you a few emails. I want to start working with you. I look forward to hearing from you.
Sweet- can't wait to see video!
Thanks BGA RT : BGA watchdog efforts pay off. Reform comes to Chi. Park Dist. after invests. Details on www.bettergov.org
Want to give a big Thanks! To all my followers!
I would really appreciate it if my parents would stop arguing. Like Stfu.
Survived yesterday's quiz on trademark infringement, now on to reading about copyright infringement!
Painting faces/bodies for free tonight at 5 Sonic drive-in's! Come get some art on! 5-8 call for details! 453-0936
um I'm scared now...
I am finally gonna meet her! Haha
Why is my stomach making such weird noises..?
YES! Someone DID notice my theme song #AAM2012 :D I can go home happy now
We are excited to have perform tomorrow at Amber Live! Don't miss his performance 10PM-1AM 21+ No cover.
unfortunately would lose.
I love when a woman dresses like a lady n struts so sexC yet humble
thank you sir!
Today we honor our Veterans past and present.
Tickled pink to see so many people standing up to protect the Internet from #SOPA #PIPA #MPAA & types in this world.
@ #smwspicysalsa hoping to learn me some social media for npos
BE PROUD, as is one of my closest friends who lives in the heart of Mexico City and is also a very proud Mexican.
I might prefer the spanking....
Being really stoned and then putting in eyedrops. Your friends are like "are you crying?!"
I know, right? I'm sure a library conference will be there sooner or later.
I'll never look at a taco the same again :'/
Dad: You spend too much money on records. Look, here is a record you should buy for $40. Great.
Everyday is a great day to be creative!
It is important to your success to know "WHY?" you are doing what you are doing...
Happy New Years Everyone! MT is continuing to improve in functionality and looks!
RT Advertising begins only after you win attention of your target, a difficult thing to do in a world that has become de-sensitized
then sent bra.
Do you like U.S. history?
thank you
Congrats to all the #MonumentAve10K participants!
I'm telling ur MOM! Bahahaha RT : Fuck Shit Bitch Ass God Damn...(No family on twitter accnt)
talk about misplaced priorities.
I wish I could remember who was interviewed on NPR (On Point or On the Media) a few years ago explaining that EULAs/TOSs...
Wanna see untucked #RPDR from last week? Showing it NOW !
Also: hopes, dreams, souls... RT : It smells like something died in this post office. Probably someone waiting in line.
todays going to be rough.
ya like as in tater tots hahah
I'm convinced #kubball goes in cycles - two mid-major upsets and a title, two mid-major upsets and a title. This must be our year.
following u
PEMDAS (Please Excuses My Dope Ass Swagg)
Great interview on #weather.com of UMW COAR who helped with tornado cleanup in Tennessee. Watch them again at 10:40 and 11:40 this morning.
what am I listening to? lol.. I lend my laptop out and has all this music uploaded in it.. lol where's my folder???
Well I thought the veggie panini was divine! Overall positive reviews, looks like we're ordering again!
#cheeseface having a sweet hair day! Go O's!
DUDE! was it your BDAY yesterday! Didn't know. Happy Birthday and Good Luck today
Omelette you finish...
haha, glad you enjoyed it... have a fun last couple weeks dude
wtf kind of crazy shenanigans are you pulling?
driving hour ;)
Congratulations to Anthony Benoit from Los Angeles, CA. He was the winner of today's noon tournament.
Watching Family Guy with Viggle 5/20 | 9PM | FOX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Sad day.... I heard it was good, but hadn't tried it yet. RT : This just in: Alphadog in Riverside is closing.
I must love pressure! Paper due first thing in the morning, about ti listen to this new while I work
New Study - Soc media exposure to brand results in improved lower funnel search behavior.
Looking for food in Hartford CT... I'm not used to walking a block w/o passing two dozen restaurants.
Hard to blame JW bc still HC.Y current HC's shoudn't be in studios RT Jay Wright said it was great coaching by Anthony Grant
will do a contest that is fair 4 everyone and only the people who follow can win
Come warm your belly with some VEGGIE CHILI, and your heart with ALL DAY HAPPY HOUR!!!!!
not a date lol
Sunday is the week begin day - this is what I learned today
and Chad Lucas are 3 strong character men from the '11 #Nighthawks season & continue to make us proud.
Hah plzzzz.. I under dress to make u secure about ur look lmao
SB45 Biz Lesson # 21: Leverage the best equipment to your advantage.
What's w/ eating bugs on #doomsdaypreppers for radiation fallout? They do know bugs will be contaminated too right
Just returned from teacher EPIC Graduate Tech class.. The teachers have recommended others from their district attend. Good sign!
bout to be baked!
Love it! I especially like 6, 8, 9 - Great reminders for creating a positive atmosphere & encourage learning
Clemson lost a heartbreaker to Virginia Tech last night. Couldn't talk about it immediately afterward. Too sad/upset.
Where can I get a good salad?
Got that crazy courage
RT : It really sucks when the one person that can make you happy is the one person that made you cry.
I'm a CPA with a firm based out of McLean if you are still looking.
Hey Erica! I think it's just pineapple cake with a topping of pineapple mixed with cool whip. It's good! Hope you're well!
Thx It was a good recovery run after Urban Cow this Sunday. RT : Welcome back! Hope you're having a great workout!
Sick of fussing with senseless people, it's really is pointless and a complete waste of God given breath. SMH @ myself
Contact today to start your marketing campaign! Its a 1 Stop Shop! Email blasts, Social media & Ground marketing & more! DM me now!
Thanks for the retweets! &
Smiling. Cause God is still God...and I have two DiFara's pies sitting in front of me
aiight word, imma be hyped to get some time with a beat
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you! <U+E32C><U+E32D><U+E32A> 19
says more about their callers than the fans!
Loved playing last night even though our "covers" were all originals - look for us to HEADLINE there coming up!
Well I hope for your sake (and baseball), he comes back 100% and back to his former self. BTW, tell Bucholtz to get it together!
Woke up from dreaming this morning thinking I was on my way to the beach! Reality can be so cruel sometimes.
that Chevrolet commercial had to be up there. Especially with the Twinkie reference
Thanks for giving our new service a try!
Off to grab coffee with a client at Panera's.
Oh yeah, seen them with Goo Goo dolls at summer fest in Milwaukee a few years back.
It's so weird when you see the biggest douche-bag have really kind parents.
Being very careful not to sickle your feet in everything you do.
Ouch. Okay this is getting ridiculous. Out of nowhere this triangle just went to a square. Not my fault, it was SO random!!!
Watching Demi Lovato's documentary... I love her. :)
We are having fun thinking of baby names so far we both have agreed with one! Keeping our fingers crossed that fertility treatment works. <3
“: when you coming over I miss you!” awkward...I don't miss you. And I'm looking at photo albums dawg.
Staggering statistics for mobile use in the world can save your customers time
A schedule defends from chaos and whim. - Annie Dillard
Noo, not really :D
Indeed bro $alute!
idk what to draw
Paul Ryan? LOL. Really?
I kinda hate him
Then why did you just follow us today? And I'm surprised you're replying to me....
Watching coach carter and the game
Congratulations to #SDSU #Aztecs on their MWC tournament championship!
Who's Got A traffic Tip for Me Today?
Follow me please!!:)
Am answering a survey from as I am watching beat up on the mavs. Politics & sports--a nearly perfect evening.
I don't get why ppl go on myspace still. I even forgot how to use it.
#chicultural2012 The most important thing about 86 plan was the process and to show municipality that the arts mattered 2 people in chicago
Hatin on and b/c their real..
There are moments when people share things with you that remind one of what relationships are. #2xin3days I appreciate my friends.
ROI is key factor in b2b
Every time I listen to Ruth, it makes me get all emotional she's incredible
Is it me or does Toby Anstis sound like a gay
the venue for tomorrows show is next to a gentlemans club
just got fabric samples from #spoonflower color may need some serious tweeking. back to the color chart
I am really ready to make some music #ThePlot!
I need an iPhone case. Who wants to give me one?!
“: You guys smells delicious!! Lmao (:” <3 thanks you as well! ha
chill. Your the only one acting hard
Thanks for following!
Every time i eat pizza i burn the roof of my mouth
Thanks for the follow !
The world today doesn't make sense, so why should I paint pictures that do? ~Pablo Picasso
NO BUT I WILL SIGN OUR POTATOE AGAIN...WE NEED TO TUNE IT!!! v___V and will you ever get it back!? xD
Cannot wait for Put your Hearts up to come out!
Thanks for registering for #umbcsocial. I look forward to meeting you in January.
Great stuff
i like mix CDs
Just because that i say I GIVE UP doesnt mean im weak,its cuz i was too strong for along time..
Just coppd them new Dior's at the Grove now...Farmers market babyy
replace "goldfish" with "humans" and i'm right there with ya
How he gnna wake up & not love me no more? I thought I was the asshole, guess its rubbing off
So tired.
GM #follow this group of dynamic women and stay udated with the latest is #Atlanta. #nowfollowing them you should too!!!
Nothing like some Common and Nas in the morning ...
Anyone have a Google contact I cn borrow?Private e-mail posted on Maps & need 2 get removed. Requests via Google site so far ignored.DM me
My eyes burn! Someone bring me eye drops D:
I'm gettin money
Operation: Senior-Skip-Day-But-Act-Like-It's-A-College-Day is in session.
For the record prezi tends to make me motion-sick. What should we be teaching kids about presentations? Digital footprint an eternity-
It distracting me too much, so you're welcome :)
thanks for the follows!
Sure is RT : Shes missin in action RT : I miss my boo thang anyone see her???
There is apparently a law that allows rounding down of speed limit instead of rounding up.
I say?
I'm going to start a jam band and call it Lowercase 9.
the log on GMC is HD. Just mute the music.
Half time score. Kings down by 6. 50 to 44.
cool thanks
AUSTIN!!! If you follow me I will be you for Halloween and when I hand out candy I'll hand them a flyer with your info on it
on a much more positive note, FA Gail on flt 1777 #DCA - #CLT remembered me & was very nice. Great customer service.
is that a human?
The last supper at dining courts...for this year! Can't believe how fast it went by!
Love Seattle hope to get over there soon! How's the HipHop scene there?
The real her
Now we just need Europeans to start buying American
Making good decisions is a crucial skill at every level
No Jesus no peace, know Jesus know peace. John 14:27
I am at work :) what are u doing ?
I am determined to find at least one of them in the city! Sleep deprived or not!
This is my first post on Amplify! #myfirstpost --will by checking this out Judy.
and you can get JNCO jeans but they slow you down.
did you guys have opinions on the #Redskins picks other than RGIII? I'm curious because you guys never spoke on it.
Loving the google doodle! Happy birthday, Mies
hottie of the week 5 is definitely a hottie. Okay, so you have the best taste in guys.
says that Evidence-Based Practice is an emerging trend- , take Rousseau's Evidence-Based Mgt class!
Hey . Hey . You . Yup you,! Go follow this amazing little girl <--- yuup her,! go now,! ^.^
Urgent message! Dems 40 canvassers short for tmw. Leave Brittingham Park at 9:30 with carpools. e-mail
do you have event to attend? Come up to Point tonight, Central Waters 14th party going on and live music!
RT : A4: I work for the govt, so I go to state govt job sites. They sometimes don't get posted elsewhere.
Trying to be someone you're not.
“: Dear God, today I woke up. I am healthy. I am alive. thank you.”
I also said the heat would lose looks like im 1 for 2 hahah
okay I'll be outside warren at 11
That's a really nice picture.
Eat the pussy til she cry
Ah no way!
mother-fuckin' Mick Taylor
your school burned down? lol
Join THE PHILLY FAN'S CODE author Mike Tanier for a book signing & trivia @ The Field House, 1150 Filbert Street in Phila, 12/1 @ 7:30pm
": These drunk people outside my house <<<" rite tho, same here !
#rg3 welcome to the #nfceast i'm sure piere paul and d ware will welcome you with open arms
yes from Lawton.
Beer. Nuff Said.
yeah he is allowed one screw-up after that huge 3.
Dude you made me cry, and i was so happy that jerk went to jail! Your an amazing actress you inspire me so much!<3
15 minutes before tipoff and ODU and Drexel bands played competing versions of Cee-Lo Green's Forget You or F You.
Hey, y'know what we're thankful for? YOU! Happy Thanksgiving, world!
I love the rain :]
No worse feeling than sitting in the service dept getting car fixed cuz u know the hidden cost is coming..betcha $200 turns into $400
Thanks for the RT.
Let this rain cleanse the earth may your day's be filled with unlimited blessings!!!
#BandsILove Breaking Benjamin
I consider your Flickr membership my greatest achievement to date :)
In Portland! And I feel it all around.
and yet is remarkably well preserved ;)
Dear #Soccer parents: The phrase "COACHES TAPE" does not refer to the individual responsible for ALWAYS purchasing it.
Yeah but it won't hurt him. This will be forgotten about really quickly. Winning cures everything, and Bo's win pct is good enough.
Coventry Pentagon
a couple of reasons why
I have onee :) Only made it cause of Austin, but he never goes on, neither do I
I found out! :D
there ya go RT : nope! sucks major. Never fly them
Selling two sets of Ultra tickets lmk
“: It aint Thug Life! It's #PlugLife now. Let the people know!”
no idea yet!
It looks dumb
Left my keys in the lock, shut the door than freaked out about where I put my keys...
of NRG saying that the boyz were going to the 2013 tour.
Reality Replica: Karina Smirnoff
hahaha someone got to change the bed sheets now =p
"You must create an environment where people feel safe sharing different opinions and questioning policies" - Michelle Lee
that's prob y u remember my face
Are you here today?
Where did the SEM listserv go? Did it die? Jonesing for ethno posts.
Hey there, you remember me.? I'm the girl you left for her.
I'm serious too! yayy 1 crew member <3
I hate being sick
Every story has three parts : your part There part And The Truth
I respect all peoples' opinions. Please respect mine for wanting to vote for the BEST candidate on the ballot: #Libertarian Gary Johnson!
#PeopleLikeUs have changed and grown so much. Too much? Idk, but we're definitely not the same.
wuz good bro?
Take a minute and follow us on Facebook @ PasswordBank
Possible drinks later? Keep you posted. I haz your number now.
I need an app that knows I've circled looking for parking over 5 min and automatically flips on my hazards
Closing at 4 today- private party for MS Society Fundraiser! Get your sweet on early today.
Everyday may not be good, but there is something good in everyday
Please make sure to mention us on Fridays during #FF trend.
Aww that sucks. Hope you feel better!
ok, hope ya both have a gr8 #TGIF! I'll just be reloading then driving back to AR. Ttyl ;)
lmao. you're brilliant.
Looking through the history of messages in my facebook inbox makes me laugh but highly concerned at the sametime.
if I was a celeb id wear...dr martens and be emo
can't sleep - trying to socialize!
Meeting with students on final papers (only 30% of their grade, no worries there); Lectures on Advent of the Cold War and Modern Islam I.
Watched Dark Matters, where Dr. MacDougall worked on soul weighing (21 Grams Theory). I thought of the character in Soulless.
Help those effected by the tornados. Donate $10 to 's Southeast U.S. division by texting "TWISTER" to 20222
The key to healthy hair is a healthy scalp. If the scalp is compromised in any way then the hair will be affected.
Will "Act Like A Lady..." be made into a stage play, too? That would be amazing!
i hope that things turn out ok for you, but if u need someone, im here :)
I don't want to see you in a helicopter with another girl.
So a pair of 31 inch H&M slim fit Jeans are a lil baggy on me...Am I ready for New York yet!? Cause Im not a fan of being this thin...
RT Oh! Found being interviewed by Andrea Roane on my local hometown TV. Nice Ananda! Go U Street! ...
#IveAlwaysWantedTo know you love me. Not have these confused feelings. I want to just know.
Let there be such oneness between us, that when one cries the other tastes salt." ---Rosebelle Believe
#newplay You got one? I'll shout it out.
RIP our dear friend Royal. We will miss you.
ARTY AS SANTANNA OMG
Mostly cloudy skies tonight. Low in the mid 50's. Clearing by midday tomorrow. High around 70.
To succeed with the opposite sex, tell her you're impotent
The typical over-the-top NASCAR pre-race show of American military might has just concluded...
Yeah. I want that control. I'll just have to plant my butt in front of the screen and get er done. Thx! That helped immensely!
appreciate it though! If it wasn't for COUNTRY music we wouldn't have ACOUSTIC music lol.
my heart has a whole where your love once was.
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Glide Denture Brushes and most oral care products.
lol I have no car my mom usually has no gas, thanks for that 2k tourney invite asshole!
Oh, I understand *that* completely.....
I knew as soon as I left you'd go and fuck someone else you WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORE!
cool. Glad they got here safely. Wish they didn't play so well.
Riding quarter operated horses
Philips, Eskom launch big LED lighting initiative
On this day remind yourself that it's okay not to know everything and that only you would expect that of yourself.
You're the bestest.
bunch of great new pop songs available! huge hooks!
I love that sxsw is the precursor to the festival circuit. Oh, and that I got to see at the drive in before anyone else :)
I think this Twitter is broken. HAHAA. I think I might change my account name to (;
thank you Tone
Dude, I can't believe you are gone. One season ticket holder wishes you the best everywhere you go!
must b e a heck of a problem unless you had too much #rockstar tonite
From 63rd to 56th to 34th to 11th... legitimately all over the city on a Thursday...
Whats good son, let me kno something...... we thought our session was free 2day
you have to try different things can do the same thing all the time micheal Jordan never did the same move when he plays
WE ARE THE PUNX!
They say violent movies cause violence? No. High school musical makes me want to punch someone in the face.
RIP Christina Wofford. Tell your loved ones how much they mean before their candle or yours goes out. All my love to family and friends.
Best part of NFL draft watching how the picks go down. Worst watching a favorite player go to an opposing team
The sidewalk window is the coolest weekend hangout. Champagne, oysters, ceviche, /, people watching.
hey my phone's not working. I'm running to a work happy hour, and then ill either head back to work or home. Tweet a sista.
Home in 3 months. get ready for killer gym workouts. I'm gettin ripped this summer.
I dont wanna see your ashhy as asscrack! Get some panties and fitting jeans! k? Thanks(:
Oh so yours is May 6???
your momma its like a toilet...white and full of shit ...
That would totally jack up the price of mustache rides!
Drinking Henny in a good mood might be a drunk text night. Lol
I'm going to force to take the train up there with me :-)
I don't know why colleges that have #PRmajors don't offer to create #SEO class to their students.
There is a bit of snow mixing in up in Germantown =(
makes perfect sense...not!
Love you, moo.
Florida State Fair with <33
RT : Enjoying an excellent evening of entertainment @ the Advanced screening of Still Standing
ill play with ya :)
Looking forward to some good coffee and good connections the next couple days...
Hosting an all day mtg of Mass Food Policy Alliance to develop 2012 legislative agenda, incorporating ag, hunger and public health experts.
I hate when Evelyn say she gone hit somebody in the face...she ain't finna do shit but throw a glass or a bottle. Throw them hands!
Thinking about more important things than bombs: computers. John Von Neumann.
No one likes a liar..besides the pretty, little ones
YOUR A FUCKIN LOSER
I'm chasing my dreams .
I have one more hour and I'm off for the holidays.... Whoo hoo
I want volleyball to start already ):
our network went Dow & we didn't finish our projects.
Thanks for the follow!
I swear this doctor is half deaf or something
Thunder shaking house. Don't like. Also don't like being in a tall house during t-storm.
Lemon Grove council preps for introduction of ordinance to amend a chapter on election campaign finance/control... First change since 1984
He entertains EVERY day -
Everyones an opportunist...so its back to having a bad attitude...dnt like it? Than kick rocks w/o socks
I love this feeling
Giving the Bernal laserbeams a run for their money in my flannel, puffy vest, shades, white sneakers.
packers trade up to take aka Jerel worthy
WHEW! Crazy day 1 on CA, about to leave the OC for San Diego. Hopefully traffic won't be too bad!
where r u from
I feel like I need to be on my best behavior when I meet someone from another country, like I represent the US.
Hope is okay?
yes, is beyond amazing.
“to improve the golden moment of opportunity, and catch the good that is within our reach, is the great art of life”
thanks for rt kimberly:)!!! Happy sunday and love to you!!
not sure what that means but I'll tell to follow you If you'd like
hm & both have the same avi
Nice! Let me know what you had!
Lol I was... Left yesterday
Thanks for the follow:) u live in NYC?
Last tweet: It's the middle of May, I don't care about job numbers for a first year Governor. It's a weak talking point for either side.
peenis and effnitch for the win! I will find you an Effie to love by tonight :3
in colorado with the family, hit me up with some o dem tweets!
Sweet! you will have an email on Sunday! Thank you for the speedy response!!
The Classic theme has been updated. You can use your download link in the confirmation email to get the update.
only in my dreams would I make it THAT big. :)
the RDI alumni need to show the support :)
I'm pretty amazing, I know!
text me /:
I just can't stop listening to Judge Jerrod & The Hung Jury by Jerrod Niemann!
buying a mattress this year? 14% of Americans plan on purchasing. Get a mattress that'll put u to sleep @ All size sale!
Realestate for Sale Clayton Real Estate Agent Tax Lien Homes Real Estate on Sale Repo Homes
Rumor is their drunk at a club lol Xx
ya! No doubt about that!
if you get #mb20 pics I will virtually hug you
kay thanks. :)
Is Brinker angling to run for Rick Perrys Texas Gov offce or looking for Cabinet Post if GOP wins POTUS Is this Karl Rove strategy
Are u home?
My sister's going to Ibiza in August. Include in your updates!
Are training sessions tough? Yes. But they aren't as tough as losing to your rival.
I disagree! After that epic choke in 2008, he'd just be breaking even! Go Giants!
What? Are you simba?
“: Kangaroos cannot jump backwards”
Bills just signed Mario Williams. With him and Kyle Williams I am foreseeing a lot of QB pressure this coming season.
Wishing I was at the Derby, gimme your picks
wish I had been able to make it!
Hey Luke where is the mullet from 1987.That reminded me of Motley Crue way back then.lol
Golf is a sport for people nice enough to actually have 3 good friends to play with them.
You could totally pull it off, dude. ;]
Stay strong! My whole family is here for you guys. Love you! <3
Pictures on other blogs aren't showing either. Just the pictures in posts, sidebars and headers are ok. Anyone else having problems?
I would walk a thousand miles if I could just see you... :)
The sensory assault that is Manhattan
I think i might like her
Yah, mine is even worse! I love that site!
. love your coffee & espresso!
hey are you still mad at me
an ugly or pretty chick?lol
Part this week your invited if your in town
Myspace.com/legyndmuzik check me out "So Conceidit" its for all my sexy ladies hit up ya boi up ....new FAcebook page Legynd aka CJ
RT It's just very disconcerting to have non-archival interview footage with the same person who is reading the voiceovers.
If #ShadyRecords recognize what real music is then me & my krew will be signed. And if not will have another label chasin' us. #CTKREW !
Hey im Susie&i music is my passion&always have been&i just want a chance2show u guys&the world i got music in me pls?
My New Motto Jenri Go Hard!!!!
Bot 2: King 1, Churchill 0. Churchill leads series 1-0. King P Sanchez gets strikeout to end inning with runners on 2nd and 3rd.
Thx for letting me know about !
If i hit the loto big someday, i would love to buy every seat in Yankee Stadium and invite the REAL fans to come for free for 1 Game.
Introducing Amphipod! The official hydration system of T2!
Enjoy and stay warm!
Clickbank Case Study - Boost Your Clickbank Revenue
Romney should #selfdeport himself from the Presidential race
Janelle represents all of the reasons why I got into the business to now work for a major label. We need more authentic artists- support it!
Thanks so much for the note and following us! IWO's music has been a great addition! Please let others know as well:)
its only 150 more characters than an average tweet. what could go wrong
i know how she act,and how ima talk to her if she broke my phone ! -___-
i just want you safe and not on the streets because its dangerous being on the streets
Rule #1 of the #Oakland Flea Market: Dressing shabby increases your negotiating ability and decreases the chances of a parking lot mugging.
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast.- Alfred A. Montapert
This a dirty dirty world that we live m.
Ready to start a new round of new flavors... any requests or suggestions???
high school jamming huh man. Haha.
sorry to be getting back to you so late, but we serve $3 pints from 3-6 and then again from 10-close, stop in next week!
Officially cursed. My ride got pulled over on the way to work today, putting me in the passenger seat 4 of the 4 times ever being stopped.
When you know when two peoples sub tweets are about eachother >>
31,532 announced attendance tonight at Camden Yards! Not too shabby. Let's hold strong!
Khaki shorts, a mint green flannel, and a shirt reading Dudes Marry Dudes.
So proud of Checked Out for crossing the 200K view threshold! Still going strong!
Ask your next corporate prospect: 'What would have to happen for you to buy 100 copies of my book?'
Albis Consult. Group (albis_g) thanks for the follow.
Another player grabbing his knee, this time new York :( sad deja vu
School starting tomorro :)
The mARket only exists because of "me" + "ART", 'k?
A4 having a mentor, both as a mom and as a business owner. And having at least some dedicated work time each week.
Happy mothers day to all the sluts at our high school
how's it going. Just bagged my first BIG bond. Crazy.
Wish I could tell you why I'm so happy right now but I think the beer has something too do with it. Potential... giddy.
cheeeeeel, she understands me.
Romney in 2007: "it’s not worth moving heaven and earth spending billions of dollars just trying to catch one person.”
Yep. But I'd take being a Lakers fan now over being a Bobcats fan ANY day. Lol.
shut up !
Nutella, I just can't quit you.
LoL! I love that it started out with shit. We're being basic for the moment. No veggies yet but soon!
Im still doing great in sports betting. Tryin to do better in mlb. I believe i got it now. I took toronto blue jays today! They beat kansas!
Obviously. RT : RT : Pretty sure Joe Biden just said that he supports a fourth season for Veronica Mars.
Unreal how fat imma get. It's vile how much I eat.
ours do, too. but crawling happens. we still have wall outlets near the floor.
None at all!
Love seeing guys like securing new deals. Made the MOST of Miles Austin's injury, wasn't going to be denied.
YES!! im trying to get a cody simpson t-shirt online(:
I'm taking that to the grave.
Clarksville with my boy this weekend. <U+2764>
6000 Tweet Goes To.... Don't want to break your heart But Let me give your heart a break Stop tryna smile away your hurt
Scumbag neighnbor forecloses on his house, leave trash in street and of course no help from HOA, put up holidays lights
Fishermen don't usually have much to say to each other.
Rob Roy closed for private event 4-7pm today. Open to everyone 7pm - 2am!
wassup to my new follower.. lol W.O.R.D.
Drive carefully! Remember, it's not only a car that can be recalled by it's maker.
Mariachi Plaza needs a tranny mariachi night or something spicy to spark things up. It's so dead there. What a waste of space.
Does anyone want to come see the lindenhurst play with me???
you know your in the south when the surf shop sells Confederate flag rafts.
oh hahah well I think a couple people know about you guys now! (:
I love my bag :)
Writing a how-to speech on Dumpstering is more fun than I expected.
In such a bad mood.... night!
Tell him his publisher says what up!
Sweet! RT “: Listening to on today.”
I wonder if ed reformers would be happy if we branded our teaching as "artisanal"? Seems to work for everything else.
& 100 motherfuckers cannot tell me anything either.
Emma Stone upstaging Ben Stiller
Just heard that Grogan of IL ARDC received lifetime achievement award at N'l Org of Bar Counsel meeting--congrats Jim!
M, that sounds perfect.
im sorry but overated
you're really <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> lol
Time To get bizzy......
#HTH2012 talk about big companies working with memory institutions, but much harder for public interests. Museums looking bad in discussion.
Watching United 93 such a sad movie <U+E401>
what is it? if I guess will you tell me if I got it right? can you give me any hints?
fransisco....if you wanna say somthin about me and you dont even know my name......then suck it up and meet me in the alley on mon.
Alex Clare album is so nuts
My Side Chick asked me why I dont stay the Night no more.. Cuz you aint got no Wash Rags Bitch! Im tired of Washin my Ass with Socks
To begin with, Holy Thursday and Friday are official holidays and people don't have to work. Kids are on vacation all of holy week.
You should have realized by now it's all about the quality
say what you want about Ichiro, the guy is a great fielder..
it's mott street makin a mess for the chinese new year i uploaded it to a site called myblocknyc.com check it out!! xo
How does incarcerating women affect children and families?
Day 1 of 2 days of new green roof training by RoofMeadow. Hotel's on the Baltimore harbor the area much like SD's Gaslamp. Beautiful & fun!
My favorites: USave, Saferide Mobile, Harper Arts Tour, and DataFarm #uchicagomobileappchallenge. Still thinking about the events solutions.
Seven rooftop
hey Matt! I just saw your e-mail. I'm going to contact you today.
is that what the song's called? It just sounded weird over Japanese landscapes
Seriously, if your commercial is severely louder than the show that i'm watching, I am NEVER buying your product. Ooh, a dog snuggie!? SOLD!
Beware of the naked man who offers you his shirt. -Navjot Singh Sidhu
wants to run #Blackhawks playoff beard charity contest. Is there a brand who would match us for donation to winner?
Lets it go gurlllll
Strasburg has struck out 7 Pirates through 3 innings...nasty
hey can u help me become an actor
Love hanging with students
Doug johnson talking about cloud computing
Should've been 12 games ago
Can't wait for next year then! RT #Braves are 11-1 with Chipper Jones in starting lineup, 4-9 when he's not
I want to thank the people of Egypt who risked their lives to making the world a better world.
idk how I'm gonna be able to complete the next 3 days of work with my bestie. We are the two best friends anyone can have.
Bill Gates' house was designed using a Macintosh computer.
I've been so confused all morning .
ASHE presentation @ Experiences of Diverse Students in STEM majors
Shoot me your email address, I will send you the info. RT I need your rates for a photoshoot.
I think #carriers family, at least grandmother, speak German. Start practicing & maybe they'll talk to you, Harrison.
We have just started TWITTER-ing & we need friends. Tell your guy & gal pals and stay tuned for our 1st twitter contest on Friday!
a visitor
No. Just making an observation.
why thank you so much!
Come say "hi" at Spring Fling tomorrow?:) I have yet to meet you!;o
damn thanks for all the people that helped my grandma before she passed,you guys are amazing
My team god y'all hatas our mascot..
Hey thanx for killing the High-speed rail project for Wisconsin. Would've been nice to go to work by train for me!
I have taken noticed that the deeper I know about myself, the clearer I understand others.
o wow baby xD
The Girl In The Moon is close to making her debut here in Miller Valley. Check back soon for her release date... she's anxious to meet you!
Happy Fathers day to all the dads out there....hope yall enjoy!
you need to! i just re-read them all again in order. started reading harry potter 12 years ago...and they're still good now.
omg i need hel p with this song i beentriyng that but i dont have a recording studio
RT : So many DiSC puns! When we have a party, it will be a DiSCo! Our project list is our DiSCography! [that's reDiSCulous!]
Terrence Jones is from Portland, OR
How.many pencils u have
wht are u talking about
God, Family, Hustle. in that order.
Resin > Bengali Tiger. IMO
thx again Susan! We really enjoyed getting to some of homes yesterday..unfortunately ran out of time b4 getting 2 c ur's(:(
Happy Friday! Everyone recovered from the food comas and ready for the weekend?
it was an accident:/ you shouldnt have pinched me first and yeah yeah whatever..
feeling somewhat sleepy even though I have to go out later, oh well I'll just make the best of it.
I love horses, but it's awfully hard to buy idea that #Luck was to blame for deaths that led to cancellation of show. Awful decision IMHO
Don't hate lmao. RT : I see you chicks checking out your own asses in the mirror at the gym.
No plans on Friday OR Saturday night? *sigh*
I could go for some pie :P
yea tonite I was off lst nite. My 2 days are in affect so im gone see if I can get a thurs off in a couple of wks so we hng
Hi, please send my best regards to Ernst - what a cool guy and what great Riesling always!
please do that :) oh and new music for you...guy names #golisten :)
Congrats to sports team for winning WBA "Best Sports Video" for annual When We Were Kings". Great work by entire team!
hehe :) well maybe that too, if you pine, you pin
Could this potentially be a reason to not allow the trade to go through?
Speaking of Oolong -- we're getting some 15 yr aged Oolong in later this week. Should be great!
Mom: son, what does wtf mean? Me: um, welcome twitter followers
I don't twerk it for daddy I twerk it for Powerserge
Awesome. SO emotional at the end--WOW.
The moment when you realize that the person your talking to wasn't even talking to you.
my dog thinks that also
Bike brakes fixed at Ciclo Urbano in Humboldt Park. Good service, fast, cheap, super nice and knowledgeable. Thanx for the rec !
The lemonade is sweet and the food is fresh! Come see us today :)
users is actually as cute as they appear
“A man in a three-piece suit with an elegant tie, a pocket square, a close shave, and his hair done feels very confident.” -Adrien Brody
I'll take under, but only if you give me odds.
I watch super 8 last night it was A GREAT movie!!!
woow... why I have to ruin everything? God !! I hate myself .-.
Nice! Looking forward to meeting :)
whoa, that's awesome. I bet you'll get 25k or more downloads tomorrow. Give it a day or two, then raise it to $0.99.
Time for thank you's!
You have excellent movie taste.
Twitter is always too fast for me on Fridays. I can't keep up!
man anytime I'm out here
lol Betta than that im bout 2 drop it soon!!
March Madness it right around the corner. Craziness!!! I hope my AZ cats can find a way to sneak in. I like the UK cats for the nat champ
I'm just ready to give up on everything. Nothing feels right anymore.
You're so morbid. I like it
I told you guys you could come over!
Why do you despise Philly so much?
GET YO MIND RIGHT!
If you wear Crocs in Winter, then you are both mentally and fashionably challenged.
checking on flights to Canada
Thanks to everyone who stopped by to chat with us at the V Twin Expo!
Hello! Hope all is well,I saw your post and was interested in knowing more details about the upcoming event you mentioned. Thanks
okay you too :/
no i got out early, i always usally do now.
Special Slice: Sun dried tomato and basil pesto, grilled zucchini, red onion and house cheese.
Shame on Gannett + newspaper Tallahassee Democrat for stealing $ from state employees for info. on state govt. At least make CAPITOL free.
What a beautiful day! Have a $1drink at one of our beachfront partner bars and you'll forget it's January. ;-)
Comment during meeting #4 today - The epistemology is that we need a denominator - yes, so frequently true
Michael earned another blue stripe tonight in TKD! Maybe I'll get my 2nd brown for my B-day in April? Health willing...
Headed home to da A in the morning. Kinda excited cause I got a big meeting but mostly cause I miss da hood.
I heart basketball. Go Lakers!
Sec'y Napolitano on the phone, says that if "Mama ain't gettin her airplane, HEADS WILL ROLL..."
The awkward moment when a girl from your school is assisting the dentist drilling your tooth.
Cool story, bro
oh man, this will be detrimental to my savings account. YES!
Be careful. I've heard that DM'ing yourself too much can make you go blind. Or something.
Made a demo film w/primary digitized texts from EU's desegregation archives with students as focus for change. DM me if you want to see it.
I love you some much!
ACTUALLY THEIR LUCKY CHARMS TO BE EXACT.
Beach or the pool
Hi. I'm Becklynn, the only woman on the planet that doesn't wanna sleep with Channing Tatum
SO to whoever volunteers before me. I never have to do anything
For the children. Benefit Geneva School. Call 210-618-6566
I think you should try a combanation of both like some singing the acting then singing etc.
Excited to release the Coaching U Live Newsletter tomorrow! The content is AWESOME!
I ate 5 big pancakes...still hungry!
RT : It's Monday and you know what that means!?! 3 new job postings to our Georgetown Paralegal LinkedIn Group! HOYA SAXA!
I know i do!! ;D haha
you can ski without snow cuz Sara went!! So HA
you were thinkin the same thing
Sometimes I just want to leave forever an not have to deal with the world
what did joe do?
amen. If you are worried about firing for more than performance or budget cuts, there are other issues
My music is on point <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
#therealhungergames bahahahaha!! for real though.. whoever thought of that title must've remembered their college days
Have you ever been on a Disney Cruise?
When Is The Last Time You Sat Down With Your Financial Advisor To Discuss What You Actually Want To Do With Your Time During Retirement?
THE WAILIN' JENNYS get me through life.
Columbus get ready for family friendly Deals....sneak peak. Shhh 60% off party package
Positive energy attracts positive attention.
Some of my favorite YA! Was LforA spoiled for you? Did you like Choc War?
Many thanks to the folks at for inviting me into their discussion of BENT ROAD last night. Happy to be included.
yea or a jet, then we could cuddle with him...i get to pick which side of him i want..since you took jb's r
Headed to the Chicago Museum of Science and Industry to see the #Mythbusters exhibit! :)
Taking time to show love pray, talk, and enjoy our togetherness is the highlight of Thanksgiving. The food is an added blessing. Enjoy!
And just like that I've gone from one #union party to the next...from Solidarity Sing Along to #nfldraft here @ Great Dane. ;) Stop by!
done and done!
Morning everyone..It's raining. :O
That's an orchestra I'd pay to hear: "Punch it, Chewy!" [...insert transliteration of Chewbacca howl here. I won't even attempt it...]
#YBL how did Loren and the jewlery line get to be so AWESOME? Your doing great!! -- Rob Jenkins ()
The girlfriend won't let me get an XL pizza.. she says I need to cut back. I said
Congrats to the Seahawk Girls!!
Coaches, w/the new rule change on phone calls to 2013s, we have a lot of d1 caliber 13 players. Get in touch & we will pt u in rt direction
I really, really, really like him ^.^ I hope he likes me back :3
but you don't understand.
5 hrs till I get up to head to the donut shop for pigs in a blanket!
Just watched 35 & ticking with Hubby....Great Movie....Funny and Real! :-)
IM IN! RT : found a recipe for Chia beer This stuff may be okay after all!
The 3 C’s of life: choices, chances, and changes
Burratta, where art thou in Tampa. Someone bring cucina urbana SD food here.
It may be 85 degrees, but- girl in bodycon dress, this isn't Miami. And it's 1:15pm.
An absent Sean Moore's paper being read, linking slave profits to enlightenment educational institutions like libraries.
Trying to get the true color of your lipstick? Apply concealer to your lips first & then your
LOL midget ain't followed me back
Go Pack Go!!! #Packers on #MNF !!
Grand view next year....? Probably.
I get to sleep in today ! :D
So i thought i was the only one with a moth problem but apparently everyone on my TL has the same problem smh
NO school again today. With Kieu Lai
thanks Lisa, the feeling is mutual!
Drinking a few Celebrations on a Thursday night at home. Feeling good.
Ahh my bulls lost at home ugh can't let that happen smh gotta steal one on the road now.
Ill do my best
ion gon be there to wipe them tears !
No. My Pinterest is wedding paraphernalia-free!!
Im not even lookin at you dudes. Im lookin past ya.
RT - #Miami #Dolphins WR Davone Bess remains the No. 2 target in the passing game. .
gotta love Pueblo...
Bishop Tyler Perry lol
I cried!!!! I miss the scruffy James!!! :( Wade so mad at you!!
If you tell me to shutup ,I will most likely get LOUDER!!<*¡!*>
I need to be at a pool right now!
calls #Harlem's Showman's a "topflight music bar" w/ "mainstream...blues-inflected jazz". Tonight I'll be there w/ organ trio 8:30.
Just saw Avengers...am happily satisfied!
just experiencd bizarre google/Wikipedia/YouTube session involving Bob Maplethorpe & Robert Mapplethorpe
At house
bigbluemadness tickets and autographed tony stewart picture in the mail. trip to the shooting range. free bottle of buffalo trace.
Yep, that was a GEICO Caveman, cross-dressing in a cheerleader uniform.
But I did bowl a 168 while intoxicated, I still got it. League anyone?.
hahahahaha....I'm so done with you! Lol
Mixed emotions right now
goodluck lovely you will do great! <3
i know like really quick
you know it! 2 more days!! Miss you so much. Xx
Modeling and Acting are one of my many passions in life. I respect them so much. Please contact me if you're interested in working with me.
love your concept! heads up for an email I just sent your way. "Education is all a matter of building bridges." - Ralph Ellison
takes a small step towards paying down his outstanding karmic debts.
#RiseandShine its SXSW time.. Getting into gear to set things up .. 3 hrs from GO time!
not sure ... It came outta nowhere. :-)
I am on my way
I listening to the best albume ever #1 girl by
"It's interesting to observe life through the window of purpose on the way to your destiny!"—Delano Johnson (Talented&Broke: The Book)
Funny thing about conspiracy theories - they are "theories" often concocted & almost always are never true.
Good morning Twitterheads.....headed to the office for my monthly visit
Work at 4. Gotta hit the showerflow
dang....no lighter in sight.
um, by how much? what's the cost benefit of doing this?
Linz! Samford is in October baby! Did you know that?!
Amen brother! #TheObamaFrequency is there another?
I hope we wrapped Bin Laden in pig fat when we threw him into the sea. Uh, where are the 72 virgins Usama?
nah, they did that over Xmas this year
They have the ugliest kits in the peloton. Just saying. Brown, really?
OMG 10 more followers away from #1k !!!! <3 :) Luv all of you!
Rt if your a 90's baby with no baby.
Cheatham St. Warehouse in San Marcos TONIGHT! The Saddle opens @ 9 & we go on about 10 - good times, good times!!
Also, you should email me ur add so, I can send u this SUPER special thing I have for you for your approaching special day
Daily Special, Wed 04/04/12 - Beef and noodles served with mashed potatoes and gravy, green beans, and bread. While it lasts! $6.09 RT
all this #vuvuzela hype making us ponder - scrap our current Composer Alive plans & instead premiere piece incl the BZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ?
wish i could be at #ovc11. it was so eye-opening last year.
Coal redneck country in West Virginia those are not real democrats but idiots like yourself
glad for the great memories :)
I feel like queuing up the theme from Jeopardy while I wait for people to respond to email...
i wolfed some down on monday. and the proceeded to make myself a turtle sundae.
hahahaah. Find yourself.
& no since of humor
Made it through my last first day of college.
they are everywhere!!! taking over the world
I'm convinced bar deville is truly the best Saturday night dance party in Chicago. #cheekyapproved. But shhhh...
Judgment day.
RT : #laurensrun come join me in a 2k race. . The date is April 29
About to pack up at the office and dive into #SXSWi. If you're in town for the conference, let me know!
"To be a social innovator, you have to be incredibly courageous." -Maura O'Neill, USAID
NBA Allstar Game East Side!!!!!
Congratulations Miss Wisconsin for winning Miss America!!!!
I want to go back to the Ardnamurchan Penninsula. North west of Scotland in the middle of no where. #Gorgeous #soquiet #peaceful x
What a way to end this very lucrative trip to Vegas than by watching the Cirque De Solei Elvis show. Really good show.
all i ever wanted was to be a sweathog
Part 8 of "The New Girl" haha!
I know the feeling...RT : Damn. Ppl on my TL talkin bout "goodmorning". I still ain't went to sleep! -__-
Me to! Lls. RT : I have a HUGE forehead , lmfao . UGH
(HEY ROB)
Bobby Brown Says 'I'm Not the Reason She's Gone' About Whitney Houston - PopCrush
I overhear more gov't conspiracy theories in Nashville than I hear anywhere else. 1 weekend in TN = 1 year anywhere else, crackpot wise.
Wind and string players have to set aside time to practice...I just belt in the shower.
Second straight outing that lester has been mehh but so has the other guy.
The DAW? Yeah it looks like they stepped it up a bit!
When's lunch? Anyone want to share a can of coke?
TELL THE TAIWANESE TO TAKE VIDEOS TOO
So the slippery slope arguments of right-wing nut jobs who claim that marriage will soon be meaningless hold no water whatsoever.
Thank you. I appreciate the feedback. Feel free to share.
I hit tweet limit! Lol! But yea people are different, both groups of fans are amazing when they don't trash the other.
Ugh so ready to sleep. Been working all night...gotta pay dem bills;)
Watching, Red Mist.. You're awesome in everything you've ever been in. Just saying'. :)
Who knows, a lot can happen between then and now! Will you change you projection if Barkley goes down in week three?
I do have to wear uniform :(
i got alot more in store, talent doesnt fade it only gets strong if you sharpen your sword everyday.
I know <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>After tweeting it I realized what I said
he followed you? congrats!(:
hows #Chicago ? 82 degrees here in Clearwater!! Let's move
Wish I could cuddle with my love but she is out of town tonight: (
: 2 Broke Girls is one of best new shows on TV. Reminds me of my own 'friends' - for real.
Those games are too short for me.
Each of us is here to discover our true selves; that essentially we are spiritual beings who have taken manifestation in physical form.
On the bright side, I am eating lunch! And taking an actual lunch break!
I'm guessing Sager's suit is a protest against the NCAA's decision to forbid Baylor from wearing their highlighters.
Great #sportsbusinesssummit put on by Atlanta Biz Chronicle today. Excited to hear Mark Lazarus next!
Conservative people < Shut up!
Thanks goes out to Miss Angi Burrows for booking with us today.We look forward to making your sons party one to remember in a few weeks!!
Like, in the good way, right? RT There's gravy leaking from my pores.
Just sat next to Danny McBride at Cinespace where we joked about never getting these moments of our life back. Odd evening, indeed.
just saw a re-carnation of
So I'm starting out Hardcore in #D3. Should be awesome loots.
Ill talk if you talk back haha
RT if u studying or got somethin u should be studying for <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Ah shit RT : WAY too many people in line at security this morning... Just a heads up fellow #mashcon warriors
Ok sander van doorn nothing inside coming on twice on my shuffle out of all 1500 songs on my iPod I'm down
wow, never seizes to amaze me how many sore losers there r out there.
Need somebody to chill with
How you gunna tell me?!?!
Did you know a 20-minute commute takes 80 hours a year?
Go ahead, BK!
RT : We need librarians to join us, or we need to join librarians. Their mission and ours are very compatible. #pubmedia <-- yes.
aw don't be scared. I bet there aren't any murderers in your house...your house is all protected & stuff
I need something to entertain myself. ._.
On my way to school, spring pics first period :/
Okay. We will go with that.
Just wrote "Mr. Potato Head story due" on my calendar for this week. I have a strange and wonderful life.
I just now made a realization. Something I have fought and will continue to because I just don't want to. I need to learn to sketch better.
- Love is friendship caught on fire. ~Bruce Lee
GOOD NIGHT TWITTER FRIENDS & FAM :) <3
It had a Brettanoymces infection. It got in the beer during bottle, that caused it explode & sour.
I Want A Milkshake :/
hahaha oh my gosh that is so creepy and I LOVE IT.
I am beyond myself watching the various videos on the Manchester City win over QPR in Fergie Time. LOL. Man U a la chingada!
Whether you gave for love of books, public space, or simply the great city of New York, we are floored by your support. Uni is Kickstarted.
About to talk live with about their Build-A-Thon!
JuelCasamayor top National Bikini competitor will be joining SheruClassic Team in India soon. This is growing into a Bullet Train
A bunch of grown women and I decided that we are secretly crushing on He's just too cute. And I mean... To cute.
AGREED! My friends in high school call me Turbo because I'm a speed demon..I'll race ya <U+E405><U+E132><U+E01B><U+E01B>
Morning Read: Anti-coagulant app, readmission skepticism, more measles
LOL! Thanks, I needed that. living a nightmare at the mooment, Remote Desktopping into a box to RD into a box to debug
Wow! Thats LONG. You Miss Like Half Of Summer That Way... :( When Does He Go Back?
Twittering...trying to figure it out.
I might just stay home and knock out.
- The main problem u have is that your mixes btwn the vocals & the instrumentals need to be better..u mixing them urself?
Yahoo's draft interface is way, way worse than ESPN's.
That's a wrap for the night.
RT listening to bro giving us nutrition and diet lesson <3 love you bro
My throat is really sore...I don't want to get sick!!
I stay on it...
#Petrino is going to be let go, what a difference a week can make in someone's life!
sorry, we don't have that functionality as yet, but when we do we will let you know.
Still kickin! That #goal completes the #ChiTownGrandSlam, all teams won today! Come celebrate with us!
What time you thinkin? RT “: your gona be to busy with draft tonight to get sushi.....arent you? :)”
good ones! seals and sea lions! yeah!
This my jam.
RT GUYS: One day she'll move on and at that very moment you'll wish that you had not let her go..... say that!!!
if you drive like your sister lol
What meeting are you at?
Your attitude is either the lock on, or the key to the door of success. - Denis Waitley
oh yeah gurllyy
Have a friend or someone special that lost their mom this year? maybe now would be a good time to let them know you are thinking of them....
graphic novels have been growing in popularity here, especially Bone and Amulet (Kibuishi). Anyone have recs?
It was a damn good birthday.
Welcome to the 15 or so new members that joined so far today! How did you find us?
no worries, obviously I got some soccer nerd in me too...I do follow you on twitter
New Orleans Hornets center Emeka Okafor could be sidelined for three weeks because of a strained left oblique muscle. Coach
anyone have LA thrift suggestions....please let us know!
you might think the price of Arborio rice quite extravagant for the size of the container...
Please retweet if your a member of a #winery and you want them to submit your favorite #wine to 's 2012 wine contest
Watch out for the big girls !!
We fear rejection, want attention, crave affection and dream of perfection.
140 chars summary of the day: locked out of house, accidental half-century then BEER!
Dear #Pandora , I like Mad World, that does not mean I want to listen to three covers of it back to back on quick mix.
no. You are.
only through the message tab on top though.
#NOWFOLLOWING Beauty catches attention but personality captures the heart ...yeah tell me about it..
"They never drove through Indiana..."
MTV with your openly gay character is
and then he starts "singing"
my mom says she misses you btw hahah
How can I help you with your project? Give me a call and I can answer any questions you may have. CL Custom Flooring and Construction.
new haircut :D
old guys in Chelsea <<<< lmao abouta get smacked tf up!
RT : I LOVE MY TEAM Jamaal Franklin & AW
That's doing way too much. If you repping like that, you should be getting a check
My brain. (Just took the ACT for the second time. Satan's test)
For sure I could respect that! See you around
Happy International Woman's Day: To all the beautiful woman in the world...including myself.:-)
HSC is teaming up with the Charlotte Knights for Bark in the Ballpark! Tickets are $11. Bring your four legged friends! June 13th at 1PM!
"Never Without You" Fan Comments: What a beautiful tribute to George Harrison!
Watching the News..Good morning! World..
She ain't lying
Fuck it's almost 1. Damn I really should have gone to bed an hour ago...
And summertime loves you back :)
<U+2665> They say when you find the one, there will be no second guessing<U+2665>
hello there..do you have any idea when will katherine show up? i miss her!
:) please pick me :-) please for my daughters
hey don't u go to longwood high school
Best New Existence
love seeing innovative moves, break habits; a K5 shifting away from letter grades; I had O, S & N when I was a tot
made me do that face!
Umm.. So what do I do if I accidentally clicked on the wrong "send later" date (i.e. it's arriving next month...)
You are more than welcome! Glad you had fun!!
ROYALS WIN!
Thanks to you too - maybe you can play The Paper Box sometime soon!
#FollowReader Awesome! Then we'll put it on YouTube.
i REALLY wish there was an eBook service similar to Spotify. anyone know of one?
Pumps 15' U are Loaded best young team in Socal I know the Magic 15u is good but Pumps just has to much sizes
Vote for the Indy Reads Glove today! Text READS to 86132 Would you like to volunteer with us? Joing us at our July 25 Orientation. 275-4040
Childish gam is a fucking G!!!!
Andres was a Northeastern University student who worked with ICDS as a co-op during Spring Semester 2010.
OMG ! She's so annoying . Take your ass to bed already ! #onemoremonth <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
are move to the D-League where they hope to get to the playoffs.
for students who have reservations about FB then internal SNS will serve as a transition to making WW connections on FB
... I am doing great sweetie! ... Really sad to be losing to Japan in the fall ... #RoadTrip!
you played the sims and made houses without doors so when you purposely set fire to it the character would die <U+E00E>
Destroyed. What about the injuries to CB and JG, Everything OK there?
Just seen the FEAR of TRUST promo featuring and Starring Ms Francesca Taylor. Excited to release it Monday Jan 24th :):)
mine is up to date, last done in 2010. :)
You're welcome! :) And haha, why? RT “: thnx 4 the follow and ur so lucky”
unicorns or narwhals?
Lmfaoo my grandma telling us how she wanted to punch someone at the dmv lolol
Just mixed this Old School funk mix and I'm loving it like a dealer loves a new crack head! Posting it by tomorrow!
r u gonna respond to my text or call me bac cuz I'm blowin u up
Rise and shine! AUDITON DAY!! Hope to see all you dancers there!
Nice! Cant wait till November 22, 2013!
Damn i wish i could go back home this weekend..gotta work tho
Just got a haircut, i look pretty funky (: hmm..i wonder...if those fish are still alive... :D
one of the great American storytellers & songwriters. So happy to hear your song on #IDOL, but so happy to hear your songs ALWAYS!
i signed up to see u on camslover but cant find YOU.
Happy new year
Happy Friday as always :)
Abandoned car
If u don't here from your Boo Thang before midnite tonite then (n my Maury Povich voice) u r the Jump Off
We all fall short of God's Glory!!! But we get up!!! No can point fingers!!! We fall down, get up and we ARE STILL WORTHY OF GOD'S GRACE!!!
ATTN DJs - I'm in search of ACAPELLAS! If you have an ACAPELLA crate with fairly recent material, hit me up!! More details to follow!!!
is keeping up w/ the info as well.
well, I finally have a part time job and I'm not sure if I have to work memorial day. It might be a few months!
As you well should... that is a GORGEOUS ring!
if he likes the eagles, then i disapprove. RT : Philly. Flying out tomorrow actually! And spending New Years in NYC
Hearing lots of love for the #BCBos tshirts. Great work by and on the designs. Grab one before you leave!
:) pride propels us to achieve more. No doubt in my mind you will do BIG things
Hope nobody got hurt at the Miller Compressing fire.
o that sounds like so much fun!
did you just get back today?
Today's NY Times crossword was terrible. Related point: can't wait until puzzles stop giving clues only 70-year olds can get.
Bunbury can't hold it up, or win a header like CJ
just so you know wants to sex you
"love is the answer it seems to most of the questions in my heart" -Jack Johnson..Better together!
Business clothes are so boring and colorless. Today. I'm bringing some flavor to the career world <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
so high i cant even see haha
#slaname AskPro: it sounds like a slash & burn start-up based on a lame search engine. There must be something else in the English language.
nice day today
When we believe that "we deserve" or "we are entitled to"...War is inevitable...
We appreciate referrals! Now get 10% of your next order for qualified referrals.
+1 RT : Still moping about the loss.
RT : Indie Band of the Day: Sacramento's SoulMotor. Two-fisted, riff-rocking metal for fans of Monster Magnet and Zombie.
Movie night alone.<U+E00E>
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened." - Dr. Seuss
Don't forget we are open on Sundays! ;)
Movie Night! Anyone have a favorite?
I agree with you. But it certainly IS for me :)
out of breath is drum-tastic
Thank you Melody!!! Love you :)
Heading to the office early this morning. Got so much to get ready for #Ecclesia2012 OK and w/ our new service format! More info coming
It's the countries of the Americas, as well all countries of Western, Northern, and Central Europe, Australia and New Zealand.
Just my luck..
haha, let us know how it goes. I'm excited to show you the NEW analytics piece when it's done too.
Great #OETC12 sessions today. Already have a basketful of resources to try out: Tagxedo, Tube Chop, Twurdy, ZooBurst.
follow back? (:
Charles barkley using the shake weight was one thing i coulda went my whole life without seeing and id be a better person for it
I ended up not speaking, Betrayal! but it's cool gives me time to work on me holding my ear and tunning up with the organ lolol
I sang you a song from friends lmao the one rachel & ross sang to emma to make her laugh
wow!! Didn't see that coming...
you'd still be back in 15 minutes! lol
Listening to Worth Believing with
Does #Facebook have the power to deliver in #mobile? What do you think?
literally just inhaled tacos, what is wrong with me oh my god
I have a thing for Italian boys
Happiness doesn't come from getting more things. It comes from finding a worthy purpose and pursuing it.
“: E-Villa was chill..good seein and !!”Thank you! see you again !
But knowing what you don't want can be just as important as knowing what you do, right?
this is a very real problem for me, tho, since I overuse both parentheses and smiley faces. :\
Toes like skipped pebbles as those first few steps are taken.
What do you have when you have two balls in your hands? A man's undivided attention.
I haven't come on here in FOREVER and everything's changed. God. ._.
...how do you mistake me for a "ugly little beaner" when I'm white, not little, and not that ugly? LOL silly bitch.
with all mahh loves :))
Appreciate it, same to you fam!
Judicial activism #obama? Look yourself in the mirror and the last supreme court judge u appointed.
Cool. Just got a book from OPL to read up on runner's knowledge.
A reminder: We our doing our shows this week on tuesday & thursday so make sure you dont forget!
that Hugh Jackman sure is dreamy
The moon look so big and bright outside
unreal all the twitter people making a lot of assumptions about your life. U R strong woman! Much respect.
It's pretty good. The best for corned beef, for sure.
No Heat for me tonight.
... is a true leftie, but *glued* to the GOP primary coverage. Fascinating...
Learning great social media tips from Josh Ochs #MLtips http:medialeaders.tv
true but still in my experiences womans lies hurt worse because they are better at it..
I might be coming back to visit Seattle in August :-)
why oh why is every pair of chino/dress pant that I try on absolutely HUGE on me?
Wow Thats Dumb!
any thoughts on bloodhound? Does that get hit hard on game night?
Tom Bergeron needs to tell Florence Henderson to go home
“ I plead the fifth”< Lol.. It's cool. He can have some fun :)
You know you've read a good book when you turn the last page and feel a little as if you have lost a friend. Paul Sweeney
#BackInElementarySchool You were the shit if you had the crayon built-in sharpener and light-up sneakers.
I am #determined never give up. Set and #Accomplish your #goals or die trying.
You guys should come to my house LOOOOOOOOL
Mention us!!
'FT will start offering top advertisers access to reader data' -- Privacy concerns, yes, but eventually this will just be how it's done
he is from jersey and thinks they will relate to him more if they are form the area and he is probably right.
keep up the good work
I'm thinking about getting a dog and naming it Lebron James just so I can curse at it.
Lord plz let me make it to the cheap gas on Tryon
Mr.Reed Can Kiss My Ass The Rest Of This School Year ! Lbs I Aint Been In His Class For Bout A Week .
Thanks for the RT, Warren! BTW, do you have any cocktail recipes that use Verjus?
first question is about telecommunications access and policy
Hell ya tomorrows my birthday
Excited to try it! Will it support the Tangent Wave? thx!
If anyone has any insider information on the Northern Illinois position I'd be excited to hear - of the 50+ apps NIU is my first choice
- Buy one of those magic speaker bullet things. Saw one in the checkout lines at over the weekend.
My mind tells my brain what to do
10 days until schools out; 37 days until One Direction concert; 61 days until I'm 16! YEAH BUDDY<3
Celebrating 3 hours for me!
"Learning is not compulsory, but neither is survival." -- W. Edwards Deming
Woke up this morning wishing yesterday was a bad dream. Dammit man. I want to ask the lord why but that would be selfish of me. R.I.P James
Focus Group, Manhattan, Friday March 23rd. Looking for iOS device owners, males 18- 30. $85 for 1 ½ hours
You can beg all you want(; lol
All I can say is wow
": Prince Fielder's 1st #Tigers at bat was "Um...like...yeah. It was cool." "I don't know man, yeah, um... yeah."
Holy cannoli! What would it be like? just joins #Twitter today and she already has over 13,000 followers!
that is super sweet! Day was pretty good...for a Monday :0)
I know what i'm doing mayne :)
Is it possible to be totally partial?
? What? Letterman?
why can't we all just get along
I was listening to Allegria by Kirsty Maccoll which leads into Us Amazonians but there are SO many! Especially in musicals...
Don't say it if you don't mean it.
omg kenny he's so cute <333333
Electric Guest and Norah Jones have my 2 favorite albums out right now... Theres a common thread there too... Danger Mouse production
not for uk football. That is our one shining moment, and it's a free poster. It's not a big deal
Sigh - change in policies - I will not be lecturing on Princess Lines until later next year. . .
I just bought a fucking house!!!
Who all went to on Saturday? We did and thought it was amazing! So well done & organized!
some guy sang me a Mariah Carey song in the sub this morning.. So apparently yes hah
The heart has its reasons that the mind knows nothing of. ~ Blaise Pascal
Or maybe not lol... I like mosley
good yea haha:)
upgraded to Papers2 when it came out and still unable to connect to Livfe. Why is this?
Game 3 in Boston #Celtics vs
Woke up to a puking 3 yr old. Gonna be a long day. At least I get to watch the news as he's out of it.
NO THEY NOT!!! lol
Damn that law And all who support it. Open season, we are now back to the 50's, no 30's
; s/o to my bestfriend. thanks for being there through everything! love you crack head willis.
I hope you all step in dog shit. :)
Follow . She'll follow you back if you ask her!!
Why am I always greeted by a bowl of unflushed shit in my bathroom at work? I swear, if I find the person, I'm feeding it to them.
or your shirt and punch yourself in the nose
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><U+2600>RT : Life's good. Fuck the forecast cause everyday is sunny.
I'm smart enough not to fall for your tricks, Zuckerberg.
For the record, Wisconsin's finest citizens did not come to the Brewers game tonight. Yikes.
I didn't straight my hair today.~
What is your favorite way to spend a Sunday?
Every day I see my dreams
great site.
back in Santo Diego
Fine, let's try this thing called Twitter.
.do it then add me
Kudos to for good customer service at south #LNK store. Replaced wife's dish with no grief when it wasn't right.
Ouch my foot hurts
hmm, brilliant name.. it's like 3 dimensions of BlueLine!
Heading to the court house to try and NOT get selected for jury duty!
We're sorry to see you go! Thank you for your support of the Village Learning Place!
I better not miss this one!
Fast five >>>
I made some great veggie spaghetti last night! I used the Smart Ground veggie crumbles...
i need a sloppy joe with a dab of sugar!
This nigga said yo mama so fat, when you came out you had stretch marks ha
I see the makings of an "opinion post" or us four on a ToolBar episode. ;)
Dear Austinites. I need info on Austin Neighborhoods. Whats up and coming, what should be avoided.
#TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Rocket power
The Asian lady upstairs is freaking out like crazy, she be stompin on the floor and shit. I'm like calm yo titz!
i want my tour dvd to come in the mail already
maz follow me cause I love you and maybe we can be friends ;)
Never #underestimate the #power of #cute black
Supposedly the guy from the TV infomercials just died. Is this true.
I love how I tweet to follow me to help me with a master plan and he notices everyone but me...
look what's trending ;) I LOVE YOU
why are you tired? #justask RT
I'd walk across the street to speak with the Lady.
WTF is that?
I'd rather be time trialing
RT if you cant wait for the premiere of JONAS L.A., The World Tour, Camp Rock 2, and all other excited Jonas things happening this summer.
you will explain this one day....correct?
#BadChurchNames East Side Blood of God
I have been sent some emails by people who report on each other in ways that I don't know how to begin to read!
hey Thanks for the follow back. What kinda awesome music do you listen too?
We're gonna rip this mother F'er off. We're gonna tear this mother F'er down. 3 Day weekend starts tonight at
put me down for safe house too then lol
I seriously think I'm gonna run out of gas and I'm only a mile from the gas station. Shit.
you buys going to go to Rhinlander?
Excellent! I'd make a classical dubstep Pandora station, but I wouldn't get to see the high kicks.
'it's weird that chairs even exist when you aren't sitting in them'
You're cute ;)
Part of LSU's appeal is supposed to be alumni Better Than Ezra? Yikes.
thank you!!!
Will Montee stay or will he go??
It's almost time Asdfghjkl
Is it just me, or is there no "share" option for things that show up in newsfeed on Facebook Mobile?
"materialism is distinguished by its lack of imaginative power" probably the single idea i agree with
That's why I didn't go to the back cause you were there lol jk love you Torey! “ I see you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>”
that's a plus. Though I'm guessing most things do.
#Unsigned artists who are serious about music. Why haven't we exchanged music? Let's network!
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched, they must be felt with the heart ~ Helen Keller
Listening to a song that had me in love with a girl in college. Ha, wonder what would have happened if she ever knew it? Hm :) Go Stevie!
Big Kickoff return | And Wildcat short passing game | Puts NU back up |
Common lookin god
Those creepy that follow you on twitter and tou have absolutely no idea who they are...
Crazy verdict!!!
why all these niggas on facebook being tagged in pictures of shoes?
Guarrantee that was the first time julien lewis has played the back of press. understand the error
damn we were hoping for a booty shot
Enjoyed "Last Night of December." It's a very good film.
I can’t really eat New England Clam Chowder
Im glad you're here for when my lunch break online shopping becomes perplexing, Twitter.
Wen u on that thick life everyone real nicee
Great finish
bcuz imma stay with my grandpa :)
you're not the only one! That's why there needs to be better information out there - so consumers aren't set up for failure.
i havn't been on here in months!!! :-)
Back from SoCal just want to say thank you for the love you show the Brohydes !!!!!!!
What if #mobile2012 breakout sessions where 75 minutes instead of 60 minutes…?
I dominate Fantasy Basketball cause I know how to find the gems on the FA wire like Nate Robinson and Charlie Villanueva
It's so weird to see Corey and topanga brake up, when you know in the end they get married.
it aint really them they pay people to upload shit on they timeline.
Seeing no difference between your skin tone and the color of the sidewalk.
I'm over SBC as a comedian, but I'm willing to give him a chance as an actor based on Hugo and Sweeney Todd
is mine. <U+E328>
Just got my copy ;) RT : Spending some quality time getting to know The Startup Owner's Manual by Steve Blank.
Can't believe I had to do that.
#evernoticed how can a girl wear gallons of makeup and put in fake hair , and wanna be a "barbie" ,but expect to find a REAL man
LOCEA is the Legislative Oversight Commission on Education Accountability
Quote: "The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes." Winston Churchill
I like it when he smacks me on my ass. lol
Mr.Griffin just said "Excuse me while I kiss this guy". Yes everyone he admitted it.
Poly potluck tonight! I return to my alliterative ways after a break, by bringing pork.
Ha, I know. My friend reminded me last night at the dance that if I were married/pregnant, I probably wouldn't be at the dance!
Far too early to call anything. But 111 districts in, about 13 percent. Doorley, Randall, Brooks in lead.
dude ranch "You may think your different but this is where you belong. ". Old school all the way there is always a message.
yup.. went out to enjoy my coffee .. started yard work then looked down and saw my slippers oopps :)
- He was an ass to everyone else, because they were horrible to him. Why would he ever be nice to some of those people?
Many of our locations still have venues available for Holiday Parties, have you booked yours yet? Contact your fav location for more info.
Still not sick of call me maybe
Hand down man down
Happy Irish day! Don't care what percentage you are. 5%, 25% or 200%. Have a brew with some buds and feel lucky.
You got it. Relationships should serve each person. Allow both to explore themselves deeper and love deeper.
fair enough. One free week off is always a winner.
Celebrate responsibly tonight and ring the New Year in right! Make 2012 the year you schedule an eye exam!
Thanks for the #FF! How have you fared on your latest adventure?
#20factsaboutme 11. I use to live in the country
Trying 2 educate atheists & humanists that believers R victims also. Psychopaths created religion 4 the benefit of psychopaths.
June 22nd Im going to the LMFAO concert at the A in Miami!! Damn Straight!! Quote Tha Prodigy...Nuff Said!!!
Make your emergency supplies a priority. There could come a day when its all that matters. Could be quite a wake up call...have yours early
#SHOULDERSHINE and the
Hey help us get to 200 followers? Tell your friends!
RT : AFS volunteers say thank you to supportive schools and teachers!
Idea: Use your Pinterest board so as to make Cayce Pollard projectile vomit
Excited for A B & The Sea / Tommy & The High Pilots / Yellow Red Sparks TONIGHT! First 200 get a FREE copy of A B & the Sea's new CD!
Just checked new BIW user stats. Between January and June '11 we've added 10,651 unique new users at an average of 410 per week.
So exciting! You're gonna do awesome, Krissy. :)
Thanks for checking in last week, Cody! Have you found a great new apartment yet? :)
I think the original has more levels.
Women think that some men are monsters. Too bad monsters are created, not born. Think before you act ladies.
"If you eat well, you must speak well.". - African Proverb
Roses are red, violets are blue, I wanna jam my penis inside you.
And to top things off, today I figured out how to use my new printer for the first time!
Recently discovered you guys and am in love. Keep the great music coming! Love Colder Weather...
when was that cool? Haha
RT : Your face is racist
#GardenofBones just started and I'm already worried the hour will end too soon!
Happy Mother's Day, I love you momma<3 Your the best!
I just finished doing Coast To Coast AM with George Noory! It was an absolute blast! Thanks George and I can't wait to visit you again!
they are a perimeter team. When the shots don't fall they can lose to anyone
Been listening to punk rock all day. I feel like a arrogant 14 year old with stupid hair all over again.
Carl Jung warned about the danger of "one-sidedness." How true for #leaders in organizations and in their personal lives as well!
30 Rock was amazing tonight. It should be 9pm Community 9:30 30 Rock on Thurs. NBC wake up!
#dorm The Dorm Room Diner
I can't wait, but I'm not ready.
Wearing wedges in protest of this non-summer weather. Like carrying an umbrella to prevent rain, the sandals will bring sun and warmth.
why you there Zach?
The Hulk always wears the same pants. Grungy.
First thing ima do when I touchdown in LA, Marry Lol
If you're in Frankfurt, Germany, make sure to stop by to see lots of new music gear. Come say hi to us at booth 3.0 E80
So what do u think of Wallace wanting a better contract than you have? I'm a Steeler fan and I think he is kidding himself!
Making new music babies!
un placer!
OK, "Hunger Games" parents, how'd it work out with the kids? Nightmares? Just a dandy time at the movies?
(Guys) Really dont understand what they do to us... Fuckin done with (Them)!
weirdest dream ever
i love this so much listen to my new cd my parents got me the one thing cd of 1direction aaaahhhhh i lovve it so much <3333333
I know samee, I only see you in 9th period, but how was life after Rachel and I left you?;)
your tweets are quite vulgar today..
not James cause you left him
You are invited to enter the TEM500 Egg-and-Muffin 2-Slice Toaster and Egg Poacher giveaway on AllDayGiveAways.com via
well ya... u can obv go on for days with that trend
You Deserve it Kay
still full!!
Memphis Meltdown
Working on memo regarding Mayor's Infrastructure Trust as #Bruins head into OT w the #Capitals in #NHLPlayoffs tied 3-3! Go Bruins.
Oh you mean the show Goosebumps! I thought u were watching a horror movie that was giving u goosebumps! Never mind. Lol
The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense.
I got one of those too
looking at resumes. one person uses the term "Professional Preparation" instead of "Education". I like that.
I watched you ride right past be going north as I walked to work today
Long time since a "sweep it up asshole" chant huh?
In other news, I'm mucho looking forward to #TxLA12 tomorrow. Who am I hugging in the exhibit hall? I'm taking numbers.
Aaron Rodgers MVP. How many duper bowl mvps did favre win? Answer 0.
Stop in tonight between 5pm and 830 pm and mention this tweet and we will give you 50% off your drink:) Yep, we make it just that easy
let us know when its finished.. love to check it out
#dcmi2009 Emma Tonkin on user-centered design of metadata
Happy #OpeningDay fans!
just realized today is Terry Gilliam's Birthday. Happy Birthday wish to one of the greatest geniuses in film history
and HEAT can't win championship!
At Orange Glen high, Point Loma is up on the Patriots 7-0 late in the first quarter
Julius Caesar is the most boring book ever!
May sprinkle contents on unheated applesauce. Swallow mixture immediately without chewing.-instructions for Omeprazole
Looking for new shades to bring in the new year??? www.windowfashionsnm.com has all of your home or office shades you need! Visit us today!
u wanna b my wife huh
Team Kortovich will spot you 15 points and the best NYC cheeseburger vs in a 3-point shootout. Chelsea Piers, lets do it
Hi. Thanks! Can you please DM me your email or phone so we can schedule a convo?
Wow what an ending to a great season of #Smash ! Cant wait to see what comes next season!
Wats goody friend!
Or reverse it, to put his last initial first (ZG) RT please stop shortening to GZ or George Z. thx
Thanks just saw that myself, deleted it. Changing pwrd next. Thanks for letting me know. Sorry everyone who r'cd DM from me NOTMINE
Tuesday's are always so bolss. Yes, I said bolss. It's boss with an L. Get used to it.
I'm pretty sure almost positive that I'm too insecure for a relationship.
RT : How to be followed by me ? 1) Retweet this 2) Follow 3) tweet me
In your face ! #Jordan Hulls
No, Memphis Music Monday isn't this Monday, but it is next Monday April 16! Free great, live music and appetizers!
Providing services that are consistent with students' experiences in the world outside of academia.
juss work music and being a daddy lol
When I beat the pussy up she tell me that she love me
Tickets for our show with Mariana's Trench and The Audition are on sale now!
Enjoy the popcorn!
strafe swat - hold L2 and L1 at the same time
paring or butter?
She got swagg lol RT : The ugliest girl on my tl gets the most attention..... Why o_o
i don't get the points of bully-buttons .....
I really enjoyed and learned a lot via your tweets. Have a good night.
If GZ was black, the bail would be higher than 150k. Maybe no bail at all.
Super busy and productive day! But is it 5:00pm yet? Because #mymomsintown !
Thanks for the follow - hope you had fun on the Bus...love that initiative!
I can't wait for the premiere..
Gonna have some #drupal fun at #nagw2011!
sorry to creep guys, really sorry... I just saw it on the newsfeed... Just setting the record straight.....
Yessir! ": dope shit. ya'll over at tonic tonight right?"
packing blows but every time I see my asshole neighbors, I go pack another box.
iJever just want attention, just ignore him!! Hes a hater
Gettn on my bbyfavas nerves tonight lol don hve no one else to bug tonight lol
hello:D
baha too funny
2am and I'm up watching the Cards. Off to bed. Pray the 2d half is better than the 1st. I'll see in the morning.
have you recently been ill to where you could have died for a minute? If so you might want to call Ed and have a chat.
Damn getting caught up
YSL race at Copper today!
Happy Birthday, #AlexChilton! Thank you, friend.
SB107 Reality: Rental rates subject to change without notice. Deposits may fluctuate based on credit, rental history, income, and other ...
: true facts!
probably just depends on your definition of obese and what's considered over weight. 50 lbs over is obese, but over what weight?
Two days after Christmas break and already thinking about summer
Thanks 4 the follow, I've been enjoying your previous tweets.
yea it was a sad year... but luckily we are going back to two orchestras next year
"go to school to eat them stake and taters, go and chunk a duce to my boy Mr.Baker" -
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful Moms in the world... Especially mine :)
You click this nyc.thedelimagazine.com vote for SPACECAMP, we get free cool stuff, you get to be the reason! U LUV US WE LUV U!
Made it to TX safe & sound! Job hunting, house hunting, melting in the triple digit Austin heat. Bleh! #ItsHOT!
That awkward moment when you freak out because you can't find your phone and you're on it...that's what I get for being sassy to the cashier
": Happy mothers day to all the moms and everyone who plays the role of one"
why u did not come over here we got some girls and we got the fight
Them's some fancy tables!
finished working w/ Special Olympics players ... had Team Shoot around while the parents had their own workshop .. next up: #hsaaaclassic !!
Ok. Are we the only ones to see that the Hard Rock Casino Guitars cover the 30 foot screens at Isleta?
By love you mean doesn't miss at all right??
All i want is Mary Mary Mary i aint fuckinn wit no otherr drug~
Imma get the power ranger helmet design on each nail !
Very cruel. There's nothing you can do except be there. RT : sorry to hear about that. Cancer is cruel.
Have a glass of wine & contemplate the ways we are connected to the ancient Romans --it's Arts & Humanities Month, so celebrate!
U/D Pulaski - 53YOM gsw to leg, medics taking to area trauma center in serious but stable cond
nah at butterfly bar on manor
any news from the presentation last week?
