I know! :) but I want you to come now. Ok? <3
Lots of hot girls in the building tonight!
Film's the only medium that lets me tell a story that's more than reality, it's dreamy, feels like a memory, art!
I love severe weather (as long as no one gets hurt), but would enjoy it more without pink eye and sinus infection.
I'd be down.
I have no idea what this means, but it's awesome, because Richard Attenborough is following me on twitter.
GOD BLESS SENIOR PROM
If only you could understand what they were saying over the speaker.
You're welcome... but seriously, your time is up. Let's see those pages, mister. Then, I'll double down you in an hour, deal?
Monday's specials - $5 Pitchers of #Berghoff & #MillerLite/ $8 Bacon Cheeseburger & Fries / Free Glasses of Water!
Just kidding! We extended the voting period to 12 pm tomorrow due to the network disruption yesterday. Go vote!
One more thing, read my fucking emails. Thanks.
portland was so awesome! i wanna come back
Think Graham Harrell is the new #2 in green bay or will the packers draft a guy in the later rounds this year?
“: I'm headed out to Get Sum Purple Dew ”lol already got mines Og
Love that feeling of I know what the hell we are talkin about in math class.
They don't believe in YOLO , & they have some trust issues.
This orange soda >>>>
Have you #usability tested your on #mobile devices? Boxes are read from left to right. Wide middle focus column gets buried.
Happy st. patty's day to all the real Irish & to the Irish by injection & association !!! If you feel Irish have a shot of Jameson &guinnrss
There's this thing called BUSINESS, you should go get you SOME (:
"Dance w/ My Father" by #LutherVandross is one of my fav songs! It gets me incredibly emotional every time!!
Tomorrow is April and May comes afterwards ....
Can't wait to see ya tomorrow. Yum!
that's what's up big dawgg!! Congrats!!
Pippen Ain't Easy with a dominant win, record improves to 1-1. Shah has a shitty game, team survives his 1-5 shooting on a clear off night.
Wait, what?!?! You can't climb up the space ship? Epic fail, and -- let us play in his Sachs!
I'm coming to newspaper with you
Swag Surfin and tired as shizznips...
f-ck, and my excuse is that I’m young And I’m only getting older so
Thanks for the #ff recommendation. Hope all is well.
#FF this fab concierge company helps you find all things fabulous in Vegas!!
Had a fun second day ... And it ain't done yet!
I haven't been this happy in an extremely long time :)
Still really hard to believe that today is my last day commuting to SAP. Thirteen years is a really long time ... the change is exciting ...
Big happy moms day to my followers and especially!
check me out fire904 or@
#TrynaSleep but can't. To much on my mind.
Go to bed.
i thought i was following you ,, my bad (: well i am now
who and since when?
Thanks for the follow ; how'd you know I'm a New Yorker who misses Jewish deli food (and, sadly, )?
I will not leave my bed today. You can't make me.
I'm afraid this site has too many survey/nag popups to gain my allegiance
Sounds good to me. The more the merrier.
the pali lookout
Show tonight at Eisenberg's Skatepark in Plano!
Oh my god I fucking love this song.
Watching Moneyball.... Not sure what the point of this movies is though.
Peace & prosperity have never provided effective classrooms. Crisis & catastrophe, on the other hand, offer master's degrees. - D. Jeremiah
all day is quite painful
gotta understand it's a deal both ways. Especially in basketball. Bo woulda signed a different player a year ago had he known.
ISM index: U.S. manufacturing sector expanded at a slightly faster pace in April; The index climbed to 54.8% last month from 53.4% in March.
Just finished doin my Jillian Michaels Wii Game! woo hoo, Love it!! Burn baby burn LOL
ADDICTED to know is LIL BOOSIE guilty??
: hey Lan...good morning!
#web RT #Java #developer #job opportunities in #Austin. Contact njohnson1 [at] kforce [dot] com for more details.
Ahh here comes the hot wax!
The Situation checked into rehab after learning that everyone on the Jersey Shore (the place not his show) ...........got pregnant
Lay som of that blame where it belongs n stop the messenger bashing...its gettin dangerous out there¡
Day 1 was an epic failure. Day 2 is the new Day 1?
we need to get you verified first (that little check mark) im on it
lots of fun; thank you for organizing tonight's # T!
Wishing u mattered to someone rather than no one, wishing u were more than just you
this game is lost. we look flat.
There's a big ~ a big hard sun ~ beaten on the big people ~ in the big hard world
I like how my favorite thing from Malley's is chocolate-covered toffee rolled in almonds. Excuse me, I'm 95 years old.
Had a GREAT time at the show last night! Tonight's show is at the SANTA FE STATION CASINO in Las Vegas...hope to see you there!!!
thank you true :-)
But not your diet?
Summer camp booking season is starting soon! Did you know that you may be eligible for a tax deduction for sending your kids to camp?
Thanks so much for the shout out!
Biggest waste of money = renting New Years Eve. What did I just watch?!
That's a fair point. I hear he has a mini-Stonehenge as well.
I just like how honest Bennett is. Helps me. I'm an ethnographer, into people & culture, but her+O help me look elsewhere.
Way to go Mavsssssssssssssssssss!!
just did :)
getting made fun of at work for going from listening to atmospher and then joanna newsom.
Love means realizing your identity with the world. Your oneness with beings. To regard them as you would the different parts of your body.
Nigel Kennedy and the Scottish Chamber Orch's Czardas is INCREDIBLE
Remember when I gave a fuck? Oh wait...
dude, Dalai Lama is packed up, can't you break away?
Do any of you want a follow back? Tweet me<3 ~Sara
Having some serious computer malfunction issues, and will be offline for about a week. I'll be back ASAP.
I don't want 2B in control. I'll leave all that hard stuff 2 God. Yet, I'll take responsibility & hopefully choose wisely each &every time.
That B1G ending was crap.
RT : If you are a Zendesk and MindTouch customer contact me asap pls.
Got a Google+ invite - thanks!
I like your civil responses to the occasional uncivil tweets. Keep on doing what you do. Thanks.
Thanks for the mention.
On The Phone With My Lyssa Poo! :)
love this post! That photo was taken by my friend
What should I wear...got school all day then work today...hm
I'm guessing it's part of the orientation weekend.
MT : Save the date: this Wednesday at 5:00 p.m. The Business of Entertainment event is taking place in 's Student Lounge!
you're the closest to heaven that i'll ever be, & i don't wanna go home right now.
Thrash no way to do somebody when they in hospital
well Damnn! Calm down , I didn't know it was that Serious!!
Royals lose 12 in a row. I feel like an idiot because I bought into what they were selling; a young team to contend for the division.
#everyme is cool.
"Believe with all of your heart that you will do what you were made to do." - O.S. Marden
awee. Im jealous !!
I don't know....looks like technology problems! Ugh!...Not good
Thanks again for your time and feedback Josh!
Being perfect was not important to GB Packers. Better to lose one now than in the #NFLpostseason. Aaron Rodgers will still crush your team.
Air em out season..
": How do you say "everything is good" in Portuguese???" Tudo e bom
No Super moon in Atlanta...... :(
I do believe it is your birthday, and even though we never speak these days I hope it was great :)
he move around to much for me
#Top10Lies You're beautiful...I love you...
Great topic on the Raheem DeVaughn show tonight... Are social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, etc ruining your relationship?
Getting sick of the general population's flagrant disregard for traffic laws. It's not okay!
That is a very smart man !!! When Heather calls you STOP and take that call !!!!!!
im watchin that too
NO!. At the end all I wanted was no goals from Talbot or Jagr.
What must I do to make these cramps end? Follow Miracle Whip on Twitter? I'll do ANYTHING now!!!
you'll love it by October!
I don't watch hockey. Does that mean I have to marry an American?
listening to Eric Westendorf. i'm a big fan of (HT ) & their focus on DC's schools.
I'm ready when you are.
I hate school more than ever now.
Help create peace. I know my voice isn't gonna make an impact, but with all of us together, it can.
I just made my first political contribution to and applied to work as their Digital Assistant. Fingers crossed!
New Connections staff and invited grantees/alum will be presenting at the Society for Social Work Research (SSWR) meeting this Sat in DC.
At my dads I have a dog <U+E052>
There is a heaven...white chocolate peanut butter cookies
Always smile back at children. To ignore them is to destroy their belief that the world is good.
I wanna watch Thor.
I woke up feeling like the grinch.
You're My CHAMPION! I celebrate you all day every day! With you I always WIN!
I wish! Will you? Good to meet a fellow tech-philosopher.
awww but it's not colored :( haha
Having a really hard time putting coherent thoughts out. Expect the blog post sometime tomorrow.
Didn't know you could do this, but I just accidently "requested phone number" while looking at someone's Facebook. Well that's embarrassing
Happy Birthday, Mike! Did the kids at get you a cake?
Its national fast food day! For sure going to at least 3 different joints right now!
I've been faded too long.
Also, consider CHBP costs $94.25 for a 3-day pass. That's after fees are thrown in. They're $85 before fees. $110 for BShoot is a steal
If you can't come to our CT sanctioned viewing party this Fri @ 6pm can u please send Kim Kelly in your place?
Buy eBooks, Newspapers, Comic Books and Magazines pay by Paypal..
2 Algerian army officers killed by militants - Fox News
Hi remember when we were "best friends" and we actually spoke to one another? What happened to that?
Thanks fellas for the suggestions I was gonna try those and the remote transport that is 8 bucks but not the freaking 100 dollar one..
On a bus hurtling down the beltway between Baltimore & D.C.; speedlimit 55, only a suggestion. We are doin 70 and being passed by others.
why make disabled people's goto industrial zones for medication?
Agreed. Love the sets.
Happy Fathers day!
okay and if u cant see my face really well its cause theres no light on except my tv
I'm going to try and live without for wee while or find one second hand on Amazon. Just a pain in the paycheck!
Honoring all those affected by 9/11!!! We will never forget!!! God Bless America <3
#MentionYourCrush not enough characters for them...lol
I wanna make a video as awesome as 's how does he do it??
Not sure, just got home from being out with family. Anything going on?
BIG sale!! ALL shirts are only $10..yes, that's right..spread the word! www.phonographicunlimited.com
Did this dude really just hand me something over counter at work just bcuz I didn't rat him out for smokin in room? interesting day at work
Party at the Indy Mart today 4 PM -- come join us -- w/cake from PIECE OF CAKE -- 7916 SE Foster (enter on 79th) -- everyone welcome!
So confused by when I'll have energy and when I won't. Pregnancy is weird.
stop changing your twitter name thingy. takes forever to find you!!
brain is drained!
Just played a raucous game of bedtime UNO w/ the ladybugs. Only 25 cards in the deck makes 4 a very lively game! Nothing but Reverses & +4.
seems to be missing a co-presenter... Where's Bleeckie?
I will too. Plus black socks and sandals.
What would u have said if Imus only did 2 shows a week & spent every show talking about "judging" a talent show? Be honest
G.A.B.F. tickets on sale tomorrow!
May 14,1942: Churchill considering replacing Halifax with Beaverbrook in Washington. Eden worried about difficulty controlling Beaverbrook.
Put together the final edits on "Ciplified Soccer - Coaching 8-14" year olds. Should be ready for release in just a few more days
my sister just sent me that pic, i couldn't resist. I was in miami when you where here! did you guys have a great time?
Happy, I don't ever wanna go home.
Noticed that too! ": So far 2x Watson references at #whatsnextdc - I'm keeping track."
Can't believe my first year of college is over. Met the best people. Made the best memories. Had the bestest roomie<3
40-yard touchdown throw by Manning!!! Let's go GIANTS!
Next of the Winnipeg Free Press [ ] on their "News Café"; IRL public interface to their
This weeks Parks & Rec would have been a really good finale. I can't believe Andy wasn't supposed to be a series regular. He's awesome.
nah niggas juz wanna blow sum
This Thurs is Woodjock!! Thanks for coming and supporting our charity RBI
August 1, 1975 - Billy Martin becomes Yankee manager. He replaced Bill Virdon.
At the grocery store, guy in front of me buying a dozen eggs and a pregnancy test. Wrong kind of eggs.
That moment when u wake up at 4:30am and can't fall back asleep<<
He's also been a big Planned Parenthood supporter for many, many years.
I just enjoyed my first country song in a long time. There just really is "somethin 'bout a truck".
Off to cheer practice, really not in the mood for tumbling Bye!
Getting ready for Independent School Section Tour - Sacred Heart, Isidore Newman School, Metairie Park Country Day
While u blow trees, remember that they'd like 2 hang u from 1. Live ur life, but don't give them an easy excuse. Program my numbr 7132227577
so sorry I missed this! Nice job!
did u do mine?
Me, josh, and Eytan are at Dave and busters with some chicas. I miss this place. It should be a requirement to have one in every town. -T
#lemmeguess this is your first time
Gotta go on Twitter more.
Cool and bout to lay down :)
are you gonna tell your kids about replying to your tweet?
What I learned in HR today, genetically we are all mutts...bring on the diversity management!
I hate being underage.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to "The Godfather" : having WAY too much fun working with you & the team! Enjoying a slice of virtual cake.
<U+200E>"Night is a good time to remember all the sweet thing & all sweet persons in your life so sleep well with your sweet memories."
:( worst nightmare !! Thank God i woke up !! Thank you for another day of life !
Shout out to my people in Copiah county
You know he's black when he sags his basketball shorts(:
Kinda wish Ice-T let Mooseman sing more often.
karmic payback for playing a fake banjo?
#TOONAMISBACKBITCHES Lets Go
I hate the Phillies, but what Hamels said/did is pretty badass in my opinion. Only because Bryce Harper is a punk.
I think this has been the wettest August in recent memory. And that's with all those hurricanes in 04
To Jamal: There's no place like home... Or driving distance.
Dangerous trend in mobile app development--user levels drop, so you ditch the app instead of working to make it better?
love this pic!
Jason aldean is on the show today. I gotta double check what time.
I got too much homework to be watching this tournament.
True MT : Santorum team won 11, tied 1 & almost beat Romney in MI, while outspent a gazillion to one. Leave with heads held high.
Jordan classic should be interesting to check out
A new day a new idea! I think I will scrap medium point pens. I will stick to fine point pens although it's more work.
#Conetrao was fantastic tonight, as was Sergio Ramos. Both redeemed themselves after poor (awful) performances against Bayern.
Jimmy Johns always plays the best music lol
I love this guy named he has no idea that I exist! Someday he will notice me and make my day!
think about how you would feel if someone said it to you.
Watching FA Cup Ana? :)
Having fun editing a trade show video for an agency in Santa Monica .
#dcweek is a very cool data visualization startup. "take the science out of data science"
no problem. I enjoyed the video :)
Count a grip smoke another zip?
as did I, internally lol
EKG: check, MRI: check, lab work && blood tests: check, now just gotta wait for my heart echo this afternoon.
that video defines how much of a crazyy fothermucker you are. <3
Philips 42" 1080p LCD HDTV, $850 at BJ's on Black Friday according to www.black-friday.net. anyone seen it cheaper?
let's go! except we'll have to get a room with two beds.
Riding the bus home, tired and bleary eyed. Gotta recharge for mom mode.
Sounds Awesome and so relaxing! What a beautiful day for a cruise around the bay!
Sure, where are they located?
Then we'll take your calls on dream weddings -- & nightmares! -- w/'s "Miss Conduct" at 1-877-300-8970.
Together with Live! 95.5 we are bringing Gavin DeGraw live on board!! Only $25.00!! Call us now to make your reservation!! 503-224-3900.
Just watched the beginning of 'The Clydebank Blitz: Beneath The Embers'....well done so far done indeed...
Our message to the Latino community? You missed a spot.
they expected an Angie Martinez imitator to show up...I grew up in FL in an affluent neighborhood so don't have an accent...
haha i know right, jobs are so hard to get now a days!
all day i have been watching how to videos on youtube!
Thanks! I didn't know anything about the NISD candidates and was looking for a way to educate myself. Your video is a great help.
Thank you.
A4: what are your goals? How are your customers using mobile? How much money do you have :)
hey miranda you are doing a 6: icarly season?
ew, wtf, vocal adrenaline get out wtf is this? nicki minaj should not be associated with glee.
Food coma! I'm about to explode!
The new Beach House album is astoundingly beautiful. Had to say it.
Its one of those mornings...when you find yourself listening to Yanni
didn't you hear I made brogrammer status?
Enjoyed your new stand up special! You should do a show in Grand Rapids, Michigan! Will pay in #biscuits!
I love candles
our highschool football team sucks! they're playin right not and guess who's winning!?!? NOT US!
:p you suck.
all of them are disney stars
OMG yes please! this is awesome...
Happy Friday, Ron!
#TDLP is the hashtag for today's class.
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us here at May you and your families enjoy the warm comfort of delicious food and good spirits.
Reconize YES FROM NO!!!....IM YES AND YOUR...HELL NAWW KILL ME FIRST!!
Oh i know! so whens your first exam ??
I'm so sure Cupcake Champions!
I held my own hunger games today. I was hungry, I got food. I won.
I don't care who you are, if you hold the door open for me I'll tell you thank you.
no don't
Watched it and wasn't impressed, honestly
Genealogy Boot Camp. Oct 6 2012, Lapeer Michigan. Genealogy from A-Z.
We got to see Cher in the Dancing with the Stars audience last night cheering on her son Chaz. I love him.
This'll put the Chocolate Wonderfall at the nearby Golden Corrall to shame.
Hahahaha lately, Julian's words would be spot on.
OpenText DAM allows setting of (multiple) "security policies" to assets = granular control of access levels on per-resource basis.
I laugh when people get hurt. :D
Let's be naughty and save Santa the trip. - Gary Allen
So, here is my virtual hug, and congratulations for all of your success this far. There is more to come! :) Bless you, Res
Okay, I'm done tweeting this; time to get ready since I'm up presenting next!
I woke up once in the middle of the night standing in my bedroom handing a book to an invisible patron. I hate dreaming about work.
": One chance is all you need. – Jesse Owens"
Wasted Wednesday dawg
thank you so much !
I learned the hard way tonight that there's some such thing #TooMuchofaGoodThing I ate tons of Pad Thai but it was totally worth it
UVA's Valley of the Shadow part of DH and Black studies discussion
Just outside DC :-p RT If you didn't live in DC, where would you live?
over. Glen Davis got around 6.5 mil per year over 4 years.
Omw to cookout got the whip
*crickets* RT Can anyone link me to an explanation of the thinking person's objection to gay marriage? I'm seriously at a loss here
... also from the FHC anthro lab. Her friends mum is Wicked librettist! <3 the anthropology to musicals connection!
WAR FUCKING EAGLE!!!! Takeo Spikes is one scary ass motherfucker #the neck
“: Kinda scared to get in a car accident with brandon driving”
I call that
and they were al yellllllooowwwwww. Its on!!!
no will power hahaa
Yo, tell my girl I'll be gone til November.
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me4
Macgruber... Mullet power...
You and tequilla make me crazy...like poison in my blood. One more night could kill me baby. One is one to many....one more is never enough
Well, I'd have to do a little research on that. Off the top of my head, as an easy example, Ryan Braun's MVP last year.
Excellent -- book groups will be lucky to have you!
They used to have at least one asian in there at least, guess they're just not gonna try anymore.
Thanks RT : I like this although I'd never underestimate the
Psssst... Have you looked under the Info tab? There might just be a discount waiting for you...
Goodnmorning to you to ! Even tho it's 11:30 Am over here haha . What's your plans for today ?(:
I'm always ready! Let's do this!
Listening to on right now.... :) He makes me happy!!!
i h8 where i live cuz the works here are so lazy. so im gona email the b so that they can freak'n get this place fixed!!
Hello going back to work :(
The awkward moment where Brad and Angelina get engaged, and you thought they were married this whole time...
like what? Will play tomorrow
U don't cheat on me but u keep telling people that lol if u did cheat on me it wasn't wig any female it was with Pedro
While researching children's poetry, I came across an article entitled "Head Injuries in Nursery Rhymes." Tenure, what hast thou wrought?
Working as a team makes a huge difference for relaxation, enjoyment, and productivity.
Karma by Lloyd Banks #90sr&b
Huzzah! RT : Congratulations to Tracy K Smith and her collection LIFE ON MARS! We are so proud!
u could not have picked a nicer week 2 b in the city. but stick around - it's better in SF when is in the house.
oh gosh, yes! the boys look like sons of a greek god.
remember those old navy shorts? What color were they again...
that's awesome lmao that be fun to watch hahaha
Today the House will consider the "mark twain commemorative coin act" // what would Twain in light of GSA Scandal?
Just saw Stefano from American Idol perform in the Mix 96.1 Muve Music Lounge...damn, dude can SING. Pretty impressed!
Well not you men! :)
THANKS TO EVERYONE THAT JOINED OUR PAGE!!!! OUR FIRST COMMERCIAL WILL BE TODAY ON 97.9 THE BEAT TODAY AT 4:53!!!!! TELL EVERYONE!!!!!
Place your hand over your heart. Feel the heartbeat? That’s called purpose. You’re alive for a reason. Don't cheat yourself - don't give up!
I finally get to see my boyfriend tonight (:
stuck with training another week
Migraines suck and I feel really sorry for myself right now but it seems like everyone else is having a nice day
People who say swag are a bunch of jive turkeys
wow that's amazing :)'n
At UNC Charlotte, about to listen to talk about journalism and sportswriting. I'm excited.
Well said. I wish more athletes would come out in favor of marriage equality. Get the Orioles on that!
Better throw so far this year, Rick Ankiel from center today, or Josh Reddicks from right last week?
Online book clubs for teens: goodreads or fb? Not sure either would work.
Follow he's a sweetie. :)
no chapters yet but our first event will be in NYC in the next couple months
Doug Melvin looks depressed behind home plate.
My #Imperfection id My beauty. My #Madness is genius.Its better to be absolutely #ridiculous than absolutely
We have enough gun control. What we need is idiot control.
Henry Ward Beecher "We never know the love of our parents for us till we have become parents.”
But do they make you feel thirsty?
Can you BUY a nice bag without tacky metallic dangles illustrating where its from and how much you spent on it? UGH.
What's strange is that you're actually starting to use Twitter.
I wish there'd be a dog every place I go to in life.
Not sure how I feel about a remake of
damn that outfit is hot! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
There's still the 3rd Qtr to play…. RT : FWIW, I had the #Knicks losing by double digits tonight.
You just know we are the best when X President Of The United states comes to enjoy the team of highlight reels.
yes u are babe i know it isee it i feel it and i tongue it..... I love you too Angie
I might as well call you Google, because you have everything that I am looking for.
I know, but I think that tweet had the Mac U running after it & then Posh Nosh episode. Lol! That's a funny show.
An investigation of court documents in the murder trial of James "Anthony" Gray revealed accounts of psychic revelations, hidden...
RT :Tomorrow, WAPL is hosting a (metaphorical) "Funeral For Favre," in prep for his "burial" @ Lambeau on Sunday.
Strip Scribbles: Olivia Newton-John headlining in LV? Let's get physical! - Las Vegas Sun
alright!! I'm still scared though..
Happy rainy st. Patrick day
I'm enjoying the show! Jitney, Two River Theater Co. We miss you August Wilson.
The Cinco de Mayo festival going on outside HQ isn't distracting
If it doesn't kill you it makes you stronger! Back to work tomorrow
Thank you for following!
So happy baby suprised me
All the things in the world that he could have from his gf and what does my guy want.... Candy lol
I Cried When my bestfriend forget about me.
Woo repo games!
Well deserved! -- RT : Praise God for blessing me with a scholarship, signed the papers today! All the hard work has paid off!
“: The point of society isn't an economy. The point of an economy is society.”. Wow need to chew on this one for a while....
thanks Roro.. Now may I call you by name Roro
DONT GET ON HERE TALKIN BOUT A NIGGA LIPS
#FF She gets a #FF a) because she threatened me, b) got me addicted to #revenge, c) she has super hot hipster thing going now
RT : my whole day revolves around kickball.
It's one of those days...but I'm getting a lot done. :)
“He that can have patience can have what he will."
Now Playing: Howlin' For You by The Black Keys
Trash can!
#FollowFriday Have a great Memorial Day WKND
I need to slow down on these cancer sticks.
Puppets (Royksopp remix) is the best thing on that endless DM remix 2 comp...by FAR.
i hate pencils.
Maybe joe can take us to the swapmeet up there?
Well done. I was just talking about this with my wife not 15 seconds ago.
2 in Criminal Justice, 2 in Psychology, 2 in Math, and 1 in Art
figure drawing tonight! 5-8 pm JSJ studio downtown.
Last week i was diagnosed with possible prostate cancer ; yesterday with possible lung cancer...i'll post the results. Maybe my sort of
the decemberists...justin townes earle was a brilliant emotional wreck
#Brewers #Badgers and #Packers all unstoppable this weekend....so are their hashtags.
Devastated about what happened in Arizona. Thinking about Gabby's smile and her contagious enthusiasm.
Hugo is gobblin up some oscars
She never realizes whats in her face </3
No doubt!!
Thanks for the RT!
Exciting things to come. New things to see and learn. Opportunities. Growing my own family. Change. Always change. Go with it. Enjoy it.
"They" pulled the plug on my working title "Officer Down." They want a little more Drake, a little less Ice-T. But I like Ice-T.
I hate math.
sounds like one of you needs to get laid. REAL BAD. ASAP.
My body aches, my hands are throbbing and I'm dead ass tired. Time to channel my inner Latrice Royale and get through work today.
Nice app!
general insanity as expected... Currently running on 12 hours of sleep from Wednesday night through today... But yay movies!
<cont.> & I'm like at long last since Inferno was a linewide crossover that acknowledge the other titles such as Power Pack etc
While discussing consent, my interviewee asked if pseudonymity meant he could pick out just fake name. God I love this idea.
Glad to see you yanked down those offensive Jemima-like commercials from YouTube.
YOU'LL FIGURE IT OUT FAST! RT Thanks! I don't even know how to use it! All I need is another addiction! Ugggghhhh! Lol
At to meet woo Hoo
I know this feeling well. As dumb as some are I never seem to let go. There is always a chance...
Toronto score twice in final 20 minutes, stun Timbers for draw.
Military Leads in Brain Injury Case, Specialists Say Army, Navy, Air Force and Marine Corps medical specialists are working closely toget
When you're in a relationship, everyone wants you. But when you're single; nothing..
haha. Actually I'm pretty sure you spelled it right(: haha.
coupled with the magnitude of the match is brilliance, outside of KO return for TD. Also enjoy 2nd Qtr of 96 NFC Championship.
you posted a bunch of videos so I called it a play list
Thinkin about a certain someone...he's wat I want, he's wat a man should really be...
. Good Lord. OK, man, have it your way. I think I'm going to do something useful like take a nap.
•There are three sorts of lawyers - able, unable and lamentable Robert Smith Surtees
Yes! me neither.... so... what season are you on? ;)
shower with Dove men soap???? Lol. <U+E056><U+E00E><U+E147>
Good morning!!!! It's time to plan for the weekend!!!
that's rude
Mass. House to unveil health care payment bill
More copy edits of The Plum Tree today because they're due tomorrow!!
thanks g
We await your order!
Parker Drilling is cooperating w/DOJ & SEC with their investigation into possible FCPA violations, including ops in Kazakhstan & Nigeria.
If its got a fresh take. I'm still torn between the cameras. Love to read the tea leaves and know which one will get me more work ;-)
Watching viva la Bam:)........Gotta love <3
hope you guys have a great time!!
oh. i haven't watched it yet. i pictured something cute and beautiful and thought you were being sardonic
Daily Verses of God: April 27
Ugh earphones why must one of you stop working I don't want to hear the sound of these bitches next to me
Mitt Romney needs to get a life!!!..No originality and down right dull and full of bullshit. So is his staff and campaign personnal.
Health is a moment-by-moment choice. Today I chose to wake up & practice yoga, meditate, drink a green smoothie & work out! Feels amazing!
had to evacuate the apt as our place is in Zone A (mandatory). Spent the last 18 hours flood proofing.
patience my friend
Yes! Just heard their new single on the "mainstream" rock station. But I was joking about it being good.
Bitching session in progress on the next table. This is going to be funny.
well, if not it'll be because Stan Kasten knows better. Or because we've already relieved you of Cole Hamels
Brog-a-Palozza! : I know how awesome...#sobcon "roomful of Brogans"
Receive a bonus when a you book a party with us this fall!
Just got one of those heart attack momments when you touch your pockets and your phone is not there
Merry Christmas to all of our friends and followers. Thanks for supporting Harmony Travel in 2010.
Check out KHSAA STATE VOLLEYBALL ON iHigh.com
July 21-22. Inbox me your number.
lol too late!!
And socially, the friends you make are friends for life. It even informs how you choose friends back home.
tweeted:p
wants to meet while I'm in Dallas tomorrow!!
We're the 3 best friends that anybody could have
One swallow does not make a summer.
Aargh, how am I in a bank building all day and STILL forget to buy my rent money order??
Frank (engineer) is working on geothermal-like system using small compressors / AHUs + thermal mass of building, results TBD
Lol, they're all so special!
She don't understand how beautiful she is but she do got some flaw tho
Thanks for making my bad days better with your music...you rock :) <3
3 More days till the #MISSREDANDBLACKPAGEANT! hurry up and get your tickets. this is a show you dont wanna miss.
Hi im Damon and i luv your hair. Come bye and see me at Salon Ramsey Midtown 404.808.2385
lol i saw a full moon 2day after school and it remided me of twilight :)
Thx for the retweet, Chris! I like your title better than mine. :)
Congrats to everyone at YAT for a super succesful spring season SIGN UP FOR A SUMMER WORKSHOP OR FLL SESSION NOW www.yatkids.org 614-5057
Jeremi is spending some times writing this morning for a devotional book coming out this summer. It's gonna be great!
He looks more like a Rodney Fernando.
Warm up with a delicious Fresh Homemade Soup at Solo Pizza: Mushroom Beef Barley, Chicken Noodle or Broccoli Cheddar.
you are most definitely a founding father of Duplecio!
Can you call me please?
#WKU wins the Sun Belt conference!! I can't believe it!! So proud to be a Hilltopper alum!!
RT : Email this twitter post,, and win 2 tickets to Saturday's Director's Choice Mat! First 5 win!
Looking for a good place for a drink tonight with noelle and Preferably in #saintpaul? Rooftop? Anyone?
Big apologies for being unreachable by phone. Upgraded cell phones & I didnt configure google voice to new phone.
i had some pretty clever tweets too what the hell...
We agree! RT top picks: Valparaíso & Patagonia. RT "If I had to go to ONE place in Chile-where would it be?
ppl keep talking they can say what they like all I know everything going to be alright #NoOne can get in the way June 12th luv
Watching the game show designed for idiots Lingo!
what ever.....I will make you a Big Cat lover sooner them you think.
my wall, and that she's been listening nonstop:) I felt really happy:P
ahh you lucky girl!! have fun!!!! <333
Thanks for the mention!
viktor really ur too pretty to b tough
The sniper rifle in RF that Frenchy has is illegal in most states
It's good to have u here.
how am i stupid if i wanna talk to christian
Of course we both believe same things (I believe in getting $$$ out of pols and I'm sure u believe in addresing inequality)
Only 2!!! I promise
oh! I get it! But that's still good!!(; hahaha how old are you!?(;
whoops, see last tweet. Flipped your name.
Our picks for #BeatTheStreak are: D. Span (MIN), L. Scott (BAL), I. Davis (NYM), and Robinson Cano of the #Yankees! -Who did you pick today?
FOLLOW BACK DUDE YOURE AWESOME!
The Reggie Bar (named for Reggie Jackson) was a round version of the Baby Ruth bar.
Trapped in Steenbock for now, but heading to the meeting in a while. Some things are too good to miss.
RT : Had a great personal workout with Dawn North yesterday! I feel great, sore but great! Thanks! < #weloveyoutoo :-)
<3 singing and bout to find a studio to try to go to omarrow
oh no!! :O that sucks! Haha I'm missing part of my final tomorrow because of the AP test!
Welcoming new followers - Thanks everyone for the local #CLE support!
RT : do you have #foursquare ? You might want to check in with us because you could get some free food
I draw the line at goat.
Order sent to Stacey in NC!
Cowboys lost again
yes! Thanks!
is in deep thought...I mean like "Marianas Trench" deep.
Done. Thanks for the invite.
Its gonna be a rocking month. & shows in South Florida & I am going
you guys every coming to upstate NY? Awesome band. xxoo
yo dog eatin ass need to be listenin to Tokyo Drift
Now y'all OKC fans. I see
Thanks Doug!
my girls all day all night
Experience the Kentucky Effect
Really cool Chevy Sonic ad. Okay, Chevy impressed so far.
Man!! U talkin about the good old days homie!!
Might get my iPhone today ^_^
looking for food.. -.-
33 points...offensive line...can't...breathe...
If the world's first city had a name, we will never know it. So, I ask, when was that name spoken for the last time? Who said it?
lol yea I left b4 he came out lol :/
If I was physically able, I totally would.
Still up...
Think Quick Flashback: What's your Favorite Beatles Album?
Fox outbid ESPN for World Cup. It will be interesting to see which fox outlets get which games. Could this be the reemeegence of FSN?
Why can't I add a shared notebook to my acct from an iPad? Clicking the link in email gives unsupported on iPhone error. Pls fix?
- does the same hold for politics? In other words, is #opendata being sufficiently leveraged to empower voters?
It was great meeting you too! Looking forward to staying in touch.
Build a Home Sauna with Pre-Built Sauna Room Packages
make me
If I could sing like I would never stop.
Today is my idea of a perfect day:)
#3WordsForYou suck my vagina.
Awesome practice
Thanks! Nothing yet, but I'll keep my eyes posted:-)
so many ricers in port chester
My smile is super big....8~D just how I like it lol TING!
I love you like a love song. <3
Phil Lynn the Blank..... :p
Thanks Mike!
fuck my life
One week! I'm managing fine. Just huge. Yesterday someone asked me if it was twins today somebody asked if it was triplets...
oh yeah, i will be checkin out the #redhotchilipeppers this November!
No. I am still waiting for the abuse allegations and everything the defense said in opening
On Glee, when Puckerman and Beast were talking about failure and he started crying, I bawled my eyes out. Those are all the things ive felt.
there's no crying in baseball lol
A DOLLAR MAKES ME HOLLA HONEY BOO BOO!! *snaps in z formation*
Such a La Dispute mood~
Confucius Say...Man who go out with flat chested girl have right to feel low down.
without a doubt erik seidel deserves to be in there.. prob one of the best thinkers on the planet.. he has my vote
missing bags. From Denver to Albuquerque. What needs to be done?
. - Day 2 - It's a struggle, but I am staying strong
Can't say thank you enough to the guys and people who worked at this year. It was twice as big but twice as good!!! Great job!
My local grocery just played The Police & indie rock. (??!!) I feel like a boombox just crushed a banana clip.
shooting will be done beginning of July. Then comes post production! Let's definitely talk soon
what Riojas re you enjoying these days?
thank u for following me:)
I know I'm late with this, but heroku is an amazing thing
Get hyped, cause 6 o'clock not only means it's supper time, it's also time for #NBC15 News at 6.
Thank you for following us.
"The secret of your success, an awesome asst, nice! RT: : I can't survive without her. She runs GT Entertainment."
Well have some great articles from our own and over the next couple of days. Stay tuned!
I cannot express to you the panic I experienced when I followed UFC on fuel link. For a second I thought I missed the event
I read that in MJ's voice
Shrink down Federal Government and Increase the powers of state government!!
you continue to show great courage. You are making Wisconsin proud. We continue to Believe in You!!! See you June 5th!!!
they might make a run here.
huh ? i dont get it ... must be a joke in racist circles .. him and whoever raised him that way are going to hell.
this is the reason why I love u.
johnny eggs and joey beans?
This is Your Year! Your fans are
"Little is known about narcolepsy, except that it can be hilarious." That's literally what I heard the first time through.
Yay! Field trip to Cosmosphere today :D. I think I spelled it right...
I yield the field to :-) RT : Or take mine. showdown!
I love the sound you make when you shut the hell up.
Happy Wednesday everyone! Be sure to ask your Advisor how you can win FREE jewelry with the After Party Awards!
My husband leaves too early for work. If I have a bad dream and he isnt here it interupts my ability to sleep in.
been there for a few months. Doesn't help when your body hates you too! Hips have been super cranky.
did you ever hear a middle sch or older student say he can't wait to post on school social media site?
She just scratches on the door, I get no sleep :( First she tries to kill me, then she gives me insomnia. Oy.
Just saw the Rock of Ages movie trailer. I had to check the credits because I was sure the original writer had nothing to do with it...
"Thou shalt not pervert judgment of the stranger, or the fatherless."~Deuteronomy 24:17
speaking of ridiculous lines of argument, how about we compare medicine to software engineering!
Enjoyed appearing on this morning - thank you for having me!
i tried looking for your husband (iron man) but had no luck.
: right on Jen - was just talking about this with the coach
Make a 3!
RT TODAY kicks off 12 DAYS of savings! 50% off all incense, oils, burners & candles! Tomorrow:50% off body jewelry!
duly noted. I'll investigate the situation soon and tweet back. We'll get to the bottom of this in due time!
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Butler GUM Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
12 hrs left until I leave for California!! =D SOO EXCITED to start the new chapter of my life!!
Don't like the hate group designation? Stop hatin'. (glottal stop)
jeez. guys freaking suck!
join the club
Damn I'm bored.
Damn, you were killing it. RT : This has been another episode of "Matt Tweets About Soccer." See you probably never again.
At #MillionaireMind intensive weekend! Friggin' awesome!
Sorry. I know, too much information.
Apartment shopping this afternoon.
Pizza time!
#startup founders should never get a manicure, think callouses instead - you will be pounding a lot of sand.
REALLY OMG YAyy! and yes im going to teaching the english lessons!
New tech method . . . "use a piece of butcher paper on the wall" - re-purposing to meet your needs :)
nigga I'm not drive deep for no bag muthafucka I'm in kent tho
R. Quinn doesn't seem to be panning out either. Jury out on Ayers, Moreno. This is what got Shanny fired.
is he POTUS or a prof fund raiser? Maybe he should put those funds to the debt he created for the US.
LaCrosse features electric motor
It is VERY important that you go to Patsy's for pizza before you leave NYC!!
okay, Im out cya later, guys :)
“: You brightened my bleak friday, sweetie. You rock, did I ever told you that?” :D that's sweet, thank you
we've been wondering that for weeks! We make up scenarios when ever we see him.
seaweed forever!
Going to Canadia. See you on Monday fancy magical internet in my pocket.
*put in a his word lol
#MontrealDraftHelp #MLS asks that you help balance the conference power by drafting only Western Conference players.
I thought I was the only one. PS, waiting on my wedding invite. ;)
no the basketball game! They just lost to UNLV
Nah, it's just my information addiction and nomophobia showing.
DeMorgan's law IS useful, basically: !(A && B) == (!A || !B). Helpful for decoding crazy expressions…
LMFAOOOOOO HE SAW IT
listening to ipod and she has the song dance myself a sleep. haha i love it #bert&ernie
i no
You have a twitter now !!!
#HeatLossBrewersCurrentlyLosingTweet RT : I'm watching the NHL playoffs tho
or test your manhood w/ your guy friends... which is what we were doing yesterday :)
For some #relationship is a journey filled with strife, while others find nothing but joy. We're here so you can find whichever applies to u
friend bailed on me for the Utah race :( #carproblems but I'm praying I can make Stockton this weekend!!!
I think we should've made the trade for A. Samuel. A 7th round pick? Yeah, he's worth that.
": Now every time I hear time to pretend, I think of and his drunken episode"sorry i get sentimental when im drunk!
I like your profile pic! Very hip with the stash!
More party goers
Our pleasure, Ken... post 2 will come up next week. Thanks again for sharing your insights with us. ^BM
It defies logic but today is Natl Candy Cane Day. Born in Germany 1670, they kept noisy choir kids quiet. Crooks made to resemble shepherd’s
Masturbation is natural and unless he's doing it 5 times a day you have nothing to worry about! Best, Rachel
it's 6:30, fine i'll take a shower.
I will gladly do that :)
Off to the #OpenAIRE launch. Looking forward to seeing other #openaccess supporters there.
its the most complicated thing ever just getting there... Literally every fucking door is locked!!!
yeah son!!!
Follow From Novice to more. Discover #Carmel from a bicycle seat on Thursday Evenings
so sweet :) I'm jealous!
Chronic condition MDs don't need more data; they need more knowledge. --WellDoc CMO
maybe. But you can work from anywhere :)
ELECTPAVARINI CLEVELAND CLERK COURTS yard signs R in 216-255-5225 email 2 get signs pickup or delivered
Thanks for the mention !
Funny Line: I got so drunk last night I thought a tube of toothpaste was astronaut food.
Also are you dudes going to sauce yourself today or what?
HER EYES SEE EVERYTHING SHE WILL FIND YOU
Youtube.com tessiyah fuc your last girl exclusive video. answer back to jojo marvins room
yea last year
Thanks to all the new followers today. I hope my tweets don't bore you too much!
I second that!
ooh, hello job opening at the DIA. So nice to see you.
A heart Is like a battery,when Its new& hasnt been through anything is balanced.But sooner or later it has2 lean toward negative or Positive
Boo. Just realized I'm gonna miss on Sunday. Maybe I need to rethink my plans.
wishing it was Sunday. How about you?
GOP Sen Lugar & former Sen Danforth think GOP " have gone so far overboard that we are beyond redemption.” I agree. Tea party hates them FYI
your such a huge inspiration and I admire what you done with the music industry, follow back
I'm good wondering if we got anymore players 4 2012-2013 good to hear u r doing well!
Played Kid Icarus Uprising demo at #WonderCon. Very cool.
Forgiveness is a funny thing, it warms the hearts and cools the sting
Heading from California to Florida today for some worship services and a concert this weekend. Looking forward to seeing old friends too!
U.S. Marshals Service says Denny Hecker’s custody status has changed and for security reasons they will not comment on his whereabouts.
Is coming to Minnesota<3
Perhaps you should try eating some of that make-up you're so fond of wearing. See if it makes you pretty on the inside too.
You must have the STRENGTH to APPEAR a FAILURE before you can truly SUCCEED!!!
how's minecraft!
We miss you here too! Always balled hard in the playoffs!
Think little goals and expect little achievements. Think big goals and win big success. - David Joseph Schwartz
March 28 @ Club Church And March 29th at East Meets West bookstore
may be hard to realize, the 15 yr old "person" is my gf. Your not. N she is mature N makes me happier. GN get your beauty sleep
For some reason, I don't wanna go to sleep. #can'tfallasleep.
omg did u see the cats?!
Hayes is bout as close as it comes these days
If "Jimmy cracks corn & you dont care" why write a song about it?
I wake up to the #falsealarms still ringing in my brain -- Let's get #falsealarms trending! RT
AMAZINGPHIL WAS ON MY BLOG BUT HE DIDNT FOLLOW ME ASDL;FASLKDJFASD BRB CRYING SRSLY
the other officer found its home
$0.80. Dont forget to take out taxes RT Another day another dollar just isn't enough.
Check out the Kiddies carnival pics from yesterday. Thank you to for the pics. www.facebook.com/visionzpromo
Celebrity Hair Only by the One and Only Eddie 404.454.1494 for your next appt.
Take care out there!
A passport, as I’m sure you know, is a document that one shows to government officials can learn who you are, where you were born.
Just scored 2 Loveland lift tickets! I'm glad I can go up at least once this season!!!!
RT : RT : Perspective people... #wiunion did an incredible thing even if they don't get three
Did same, one Christmas gift for oldest son. Scary that we thinking same. :)
Going to try using basecamp as a family chore organizer. Oy!
Slob on my knob like corn on the cobb
You are truly fortunate!
Jimmy Flanagan of Austin GL Chamber also supports #Apple #atxgov, cites cutting edge of progressive employment factors
I loved Rhianas dress-WOW! Very sleek and mouth dropping. Did not care for Katty Perry dress-too Old Lady Like
what are u in the offices??
HM. WCF 2008 study: 78 % women charity donors believe contributing to charities has a bigger impact than to candidates.”
I'm shitty my mom took my Eric Jerome dickey book and never gave it back.. It was the extra nasty one too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
I'd rather be dead, with my face down in the dirt with the bullet in my head! Motley Crue
#acrldata putting data into a local context
Oh, so you're good at lying? haha
indeed; i hope you are doing great - thinking a lot about the hack & digi-citizenship this month; keep rockin' -
Nice to meet you and the Purdue communications students.
Psyched about class at #remaxR4 this morning!
thats what i like to hear.
#improvingenterprise Agile dot net Conference. Great discussion on developing the conversation with the business to improve projects
What means the world to you?
Congratulations to all the contest winners from last night. Make sure to tune into the main event tonight that is the All-Star Game....
not looking good brochacho
In college? Yikes!
"Dont hit me with the ball tickler" -
Here we go #GOPACKGO!!!!! #GREENANDYELLOW BABY!!!
Get rich. Or die tryin.
Would do *anything* not to have to go to work in 30 min...
There's no accounting for taste.
It's hot out, I hope people act like they got some sense...
Watching Hoosier bob for ice cubes in her water bowl >>>
Heaven help you if you don't have a name before leaving the hospital.
I'm sorry, are they STILL on that?!?!
Hm fouled up Mother's Day gift to mom. She said they're resending it and issuing me credit, but I have no confirm of latter.
Washington has written a letter to the members of his army in Boston criticizing their burning an effigy of the pope.
Just arrived at our new home! Budweiser celebration!
I feel like this....Why not get the shit of it's material!!
Er ... That should say *wouldn't*
yeah Thats so true.
Berkeley is putting together a promotional video and we would like to use your tweet. Would that be ok?
this shit sound kinda sorta like blah blah blah blah! wish ms. Mitchell stfu up !
so he is gay?!?! He was my favorite, I thought he would win :(
I just made a new coupon just for you Sarah! Enter TWITTERSL at checkout to get 25% off!
I would like to see a shut down performance from 'ace' John Lester, especially against 'soft' teams like KC, this season. Need it!
first intramural football game of the year ends in a great victory! Way to go #CCTeam!
“: Thoughts on finale so far? #FashionStar” my favorite fashion show positive & u can buy the styles..if u find the right size!
haha yankees R winners & they Rock Just Like U!!! Happy huh? Lol
Eh, has his moments.
Good first 10 minutes by the
I've received about 5 anonymous calls wishing me a happy fathersday... #howdtheygetmynumber??
Nope! Found a store online that was non-eBay. And under $10.
UPDATE: The studio line is 1-877-301-8970! Call in now.
mind following my new account bro?
thanks buddy, 0 for at the plate though, need some work
that definitely wasn't a hate tweet. I've been listening to your shit for years.
Serbia's capital Belgrade is about midway in the Danube flow, at point where Danube meets Sava River.
Thanks guys!!
March madness! St Patty's Day! It'll be a good month!
and the TRANNYS come out at midnight!
thats only fair :)
So you think Forrest is going to win against Anderson? I'd LOVE to see him win, but I don't see it.
“ Thanks for the kind words buddy. The OKC Thunder are blessed to have you. I hope you are great. game on Nutrition!
whhy is it so cold outside?
Why was today so stressful?
most assuredly
RT : Ended up having to postpone the game until Monday night.
Indigo Residents- Wildwood is hosting a complimentary evening of appetizers and wine tasting at 7pm in the Sapphire room. Please Join Us!
Wasn't the Chamber doing its own study of #Fishers city status? What is the status of that study?
haha, lol so true for you
Gym Class Heroes performing at the Regency Ballroom tomorrow at 7:30pm
FOR SALE! To be reduced $10k! 3 BD / 2 BA Ranch #Foreclosure with an open floor plan on a cul-de-sac lot! MOVE IN READY! - bit.ly/L6377SVL
Got the #oldest #angryist pens fan behind us.
There are ways of "playing" to the camera, but it depends on the shooting style/director. Rule of thumb: just tell the truth.
i have #school tomarro :( :(
*gets serious* "you wanna know what I want right now? ..... Some curly fries."
try stores on the strip like in the mall
shark tank.
RT : RT : ": Endless Music what's haninn??"turn up
Thank you so much, Juli!
HathiTrust partner fees are calculated by how many rare/scarce volumes a library brings to the partnership.
Getting caught playing with your junk by your wife or girlfriend
hey boo
Don't forget that the flavors of wine and cheese depend upon the types of infecting microorganisms :\
we're glad you like it! :)
The eyes are the groin of the head.
Gorgeous weather in Huntsville, Alabama for the 1st day of National Symposium on Child Abuse. Maybe I'll offer to run my session outside.
I just use google maps- it doesn't talk to you or anything though... i just read all the steps before hand
Let me just say that I am moving into three dimensions!
TRIVIA THURSDAY: This DONNIE DARKO actor stars as a police officer in the upcoming film, END OF WATCH
Standing in front of a hot sink full of dishes, washing one utensil @ a time.....Um,
#rememberwhen I bartended yesterday, bc if you do can you please fill me in on how awesome I was at it
Thanks for the RT!
Can somebody please explain to me why Pitbull is famous?Does he do anything other than say weird shit in songs? Seriously.
Brian McNitt is officially THE man.
Is it wrong to use a Thomas Jefferson bookmark in a biography of Alexander Hamilton?
yess! im dying of laughter!!! :D HAHAHAHAH!! AUSTIN! please dont stop, i like getting tickled.
To prevent tech pressure, I'm making contribution to the class Diigo one way to earn participation credit
First practice was #awesome #beatcville now to the hospital with to see my new baby cousin!!
I was a chef for 7 years what's your question?
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
Pats get on the board but I guarantee you Brady is not happy..Neither am I..
Fantastic night at the VIP dinner for #afta11. What passionate, beautiful, committed people. This is what I love most about the art world.
last class of the semester! last econ class ever!
My grandpa has two purple hearts.
HAHAHA. I saw a video when fans saw the boys in sweden & Niall had a hangover so girls sang "IVE GOT A HANGOVER WOAAAH" (x
#Allsmiles at my haters
HAHA, <3 I am happy to hold your 2,000,000 billion bus of Ghiradelli Sea Salt Soiree until the time when your contact may be present
Looks like #kdp for checking sales is down. Ohnoes!
For the ones who ARE in rap because of the PASSION, stop being afraid 2B YOURSELVES. Look around. We NEED something innovative, not copies.
Man! I want one of these Ferrari so bad! They look so cool and are very fast!
Don't let em' say you ain't beautiful. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
wish we could have been there but the east coast always has the boyz lol
In order to keep pressing on and have victory in our lives, we are going to have to learn to shake off the troubles that come our way.
Also not buying that the members of Motley Crue drive KIAs
im from california(: hbu?
Is the muse getting excited?? <U+2665> Aoede <U+266A><U+266B>
Same to u love ": Happy Mothers Day to you beautiful women!! "
She will be fine :)
Clippers Starting to ball
wish we did! Already gave them all away.
unless ye need be reminded about the O's record in previous flavor-saver-less seasons.
it looks like it like thee exact picture
I smoke. Don't judge me!
You are quite welcome. Knowledge is definately power.
I need a new phone! what should i get? hm
Well im getting offline see ya later bbl i will be on in a little while
ha I did. Totally didnt think thwy would taint ezra...
Nothing screams environmentalist than driving a Prius, treehugger bumper stickers.. then tossing your cigarette butt out the window.
So a friend of my family's asked if I knew a Max etc cause she's friends with your mom lol. Small world.
Sprinkling over here west side #ABQ, 7BarLoop.
My kitchen design is so jacked up. Ugh.
Thanks so much for coming in this afternoon-- how did everything go with your visit?
take a shower get out nd go to sleep in a towel. Sounds good actually. Haha
": Caroline "Bozo" Manzo calling Teresa a bully. Pot meet kettle.
Tell me how you wanna get it? I know your favorite is the kitchen.
what is a frickle?
And yet he's dating a Kardashian? RT : #I'm on my snob
Going to Humbolt after this audition I'm at, sorry girl. Thanks for the invite
my head is spinning. #fml right now.
I'm so excited about the new season of Storm Chasers!!!!! I look forward to it each year!!!!!! :)
Beats any day in the gym! RT : volleyball kicked my ass today. in so many ways. there is still sand coming out of my eyes
Are your "Trends" Atlanta trends? What city are yours under? :P
#OWS Fact: More have now been arrested for protesting financial crimes than # of bankers arrested for committing those crimes.
on his way to copy out some of the encyclopedia, no doubt.
What's the score
I won't lie and say it didn't hurt some but being with Derek has helped alot
Claude, she was my woman first!...well really Briere's til we took her away from him
Headed to #WhatsNextDC tomorrow
Cool-instead of Dinowalrus or in addition? Is yr FB info page the best place for us to check yr schedule, btw? (Dw is on there)
forgiveness is between them and god my job is to arrange the meeting
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. -Mahatma Gandhi
haha, no my ability to sing that night died though. I gots the coughs.
i followed c: <3
It depends on the state. Each state has their own requirements. Not all teacher librarians have classroom experience.
lmao oh my gosh I wanna see it!!
Congrats Los Angeles Rapists, but damn, what took you so long? We've already won game 1.
Now following love their tweets so amazing if u have a twitter u need to follow them
RT No I'm not “ you a player” yes u are I agree playa playa
haha im guessing that means u like it lol
Walking home....(:
tomorrow i guess i need to do laundry and some what put clothes away so after work i can c him =]
Hello, I'm Whitney. I just wanted to introduce myself. And say I followed b/c I respect & applaud your mission. Thank You!
kill calmly.
It's all about relationships
Fear ain’t in the heart of me, I learned just do it, you get courage from your fears right after you go through it.
actually three more coming this week. Any specific inclusions you want to see?
If this baby cries the whole flight I'm going to punch it.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort. ~Herm Albright
Lookin' sharp buddy!
ew drugs. I want soda
we're duplicating using recycled materials now. ask for it next time you call...
#youknowyourboredwhen everything seems like it takes forever to do. Send a text and it feels like 10 hours before you get a response!
Sick in bed watchin movies.
Had a great talk today with author of Sideways. Excited to be working together! Give him a follow... especially if U R a writer!
if friday was a guy, i'd marry him
Hahaa... I can totally understand :) Of course you love her to death, but taking care of any baby full time is a hard work!
uh we better be on for tomorrow son! Dm me the plan!
So true MT : A1: Students exposure to cloud will only make them better equipped to be stellar IT professionals
Woohoo New Orleans!!
For all intents and purposes, you cannot get a mortgage for a house that doesn't have a finished floor.
If u went through the trouble of getting gastric bypass surgery then why would you eat fastfood everyday for lunch? This guy blows my mind.
Too bad, you are missing out on lots of East Coast chaos, panic and mayhem.
www.yatkids.org YAT has been staying away from the fake since 1976
its fine love :')<U+2665>
nursing the wasband. Dumb ho broke two toes and can't be left alone on the meds he was given.
Cena filed for devorice I support him
Dat irritates me to da max .... -__- I'm done
thanks so much for the kind support. We really love seeing all kinds of families
Ur song 'in my veins' was/is perfect for
GOOD MORNING CHICAGO! Happy "hump" day... Good job Pastor Pfleger at Empowerment Temple with Jamal Bryant!
story of my life
IL is da bomb, gotta love Monterey, such a peaceful setting for a conference!
!!! “ A boss bitch avoids drama not because she can't handle it, but simply because she don't have time for it.”
Not #InSchool because I have a doctors appt. (:
Green Design Tip: Use a carpet that is made out of recycled plastic. www.cliointeriordesign.com
Add and subscribe to me on YouTube(: My name is :funkysydnerr98
Gasol eating Blake Griffin.
Just watched do a tribute to Amy on a foreign award show's live stream. Pretty sure it's German. Sorry. But it was AMAZING.
Mix 27 in Newark is now on our restaurant list! We are so excited about the food being offered at this year's Arts & Eats for Justice Gala!
"Wish you were here. Wish I was there. Wish it was different. Wish wishes came true."
Well I hope Calvin Johnson's enjoyed having a functioning ACL...
Today I did a total of 30 pushups thanks to the Hundred Pushups iPhone app. (Week 1, Day 1, Level 2)
The only hunger games i like are hungry hungry hippos
Texans take a look at Ryan longwell, veteran competition
so cool! I almost got one Sunday... But I can't because of my job.
He's a junkie 4 wonky lectures RT I spy at fascinating lecture on possibilities 4 clean energy future 4 America
when you look for the best in others, you bring out the best in yourself.
Almonds! What about you? RT : #SAchat Random Question: What do you keep in your snack drawer in your office?
okay its here!
I've heard great things about Boise as well :) have a great night!
Lots of left over Taco Soup! 's recipe
Everyday is a day ON! Preperation and planning is key to making a diet successful:
im bout to take a #shower so i can be
Football & potty training al day
Saw an old lady today walking like a walker.
power caps & NO2. I'll email you.
#BestPerformanceEver usually happens at the church.
Its fine lol
Have a competition with the workers next door to the office, cranking the music while they hammer and drill. Lets see who yields first.
love you
doing homework:/
Aw, thank you. Hopefully the stressy bit will be ending soonish. :D
yeah...he seems like a good guy. He did get a little redemption when he returned and cut 22 strokes...25 years later ;)
Don't you sometimes wish you could be that kid from the pictures again? Not a care in the world...
superit was strange
killed it tonight! I REALLY hope they come back again this summer!
#MyFirstYearAtFAMU I fell in love with FAMU.
Tripping my daughter is trying to open a bottle of Flintstone vitamins, saying "treat treat,open treat" smh..her father thinks she is a dog
we haven't started practicing yet
I think we won but our principals said no.
Good morning loves:-)
what you doing
RT #MCDM, let's make #mcdmgrad a trending topic today! There's always a backchannel!
just saw your #quadstories post! My Fiancé is in HR -I cannot wait to share
RT : Karma's only a bitch if you are.....
Hot humid Sunday People locked inside cool rooms Crows rule earth & sky
Im the happiest person in the world right now cause followed me(;
well I mean at least it's just toast
my TL is a mess atm...
Bears drafted another white safety. Just saying.
RT No wise woman or man will drop or forget someone or something of value. That would be an act of a fool. I'm not 1.
so weird/awkward.... RT Newt DJ "Make some noises out there let me hear you."
why r non news employees bound by policy? this is interestting stuff.
“: Leonsis also says in blog that changing name from Wizards back to Bullets is "under consideration."” THANK YOU!!
Got to watch Regis and Kelly this morning!
Fulbright workshop on Digital Archives and #libraries for #NorthAfrica is under way in Washington DC today and 2morrow, meet us there!
hey ricky hopefully you've having a better day than me <3
Getting an early start, eh ;) leine's beer hall #BmoreDrinkUp after tweet up?
Creepiest spammer ever.
*cuddles Mercedes and Jordan*
dinner is here .
Glad to hear that. You sounded undecided when you first moved here from Wisconsin.
Pro Tip: You can link to a post on FB, Twitter, & Google+ by clicking on the post timestamp (eg "posted 2 minutes ago") & then copy the URL
same plane. Row 14. Come by for a visit.
I SEE YOU GUYS
Man u better make dat money & dnt let it make u lol
": I FIXED OUR WEBSITE!!! BLOW JOBS FOR ALL!!!" I hope I'm not late!
glad you like it! Such cute rings and I like the idea of having a customized compliment in the box. I'm a little bias :-)
i'm here for you (:
hahaha you're stupid blood
Im lost without ya
How tha fuxk me and my dude get smoked under tha table by a bunch of kids, lol, not so #JetLife... my lil brother goes hard. Fool.
your welcome ;) toes love people
I love you, cardinal, but it's 5 frickin' AM, and you are too bloody loud.
What do you get if you cross a ghost and a newsreader ?A spooksman !
We just recorded a segment intro, that you have to here.
Do not use cherry coke.
My Super Sweet 16! :) Love that show :D
RT NASA astronaut Mike Massimino made the 1st evr tweet from space , saying "the adventure of a lifetime has begun."
Leaving last class 15 minutes early for #4c12 and son home sick with double ear infections, there's
what's good?
im always wondering what she doing,i aint get to hang wit her today but i kicked it wit my niggahs
I feel like when she moves time doesn't
More And More People Are Deciding That Private School Isn't Worth It via
no that would be fine, but why not start with 1?
I'm having a day filled with computer errors. :( I'm watching the IT Dept try and figure out what's wrong with my computer.
It's going to be an amazing time! I'd love to meet you there.
It's moves like that make me bothered by Santino Marella. Please remove him from this match and let the wrestlers wrestle.
Doing great! One half marathon down; another on the books and a new PR to boot.
we perform at like 1:58 but they ran like a half hour early today ..
Back in the Leaf Village, but I wil go back to the Sand Village soon. So tired :/
Sorry Mr. Tall. . You SHALL be missing me this morning !
Oh I thought that was cameron.
u are amazing!!! U jus ripped center stage! I love ur music & I love u!
Lol I'm A Be Like Aye Roc Your Booty Thicker Than A Snicker
I need a drink
#MF -- MF Global = dead in the water
Happy anniversary! Love the current lineup
Aaron Berry makes a great substitute.
much better! I'll never leave home again without my motivational book, meditation cd, and running shoes! I was messed up!
that the chance to meet him is like impossible! but we never gave up, +
thank you so much!
Tuesday :30 am I will be a guest on the Larry Young Morning Show WOLB 1010 on your dial. ck it out!
No day is over if it makes a memory! c:
steroids:Depression and suicide,Addiction potential,cholesterol level changes, liver damage, roid rage, stunted bone growth
I was watching live feed earlier, haven't checked recently but will
Its going to be a long day
RT : staying strong to drum strong! love it! ": Morning workout pullups, chinups, and pushups....POOF!!!!
I'm sleeping with the fair maidens of white run... Skyrim :)
Mall food court dinner.
is so excited! Theres only one more sleep til I'm awake again. Can't wait.
You gotta believe, VOLS! Despite a rough start, we're still alive & in this game. GO BIG ORANGE!
I LOVE for finding me a ticket to tomorrows bball game!!
Think it's about that time of year to purge a few things
#Fox & direct TV... stop being greedy...play nice...I'm not a fan of #GREED..I really thought they would work it out at zero hour..:-(
Looking forward to our dinner at tonight!
": Remember... I'll be right here when you need me, in fact... I'll even be right here when you don't."
i do what I want
Sry for some reason I thought I had a message saying to call you lol im half asleep but I hoep you have fun at your party! Message me wh ...
After reading 's tweets this a.m. I feel I know 1% how the Jews felt during their persecution in Nazi Germany.
What kinnda of friend are you if you ignore me?
what happened?
we so live in 21 centruy, were seating infront of each other and talking to each other through Twiiter lol
Lol I think I can!
Was it something I tweeted? My pornspambot followers quotient has taken a serious uptick lately.
Yngwie Malmsteen: "My performance rider asks for 30 Marshal heads & cabs...I played in Israel and I depleted the country of Marshals" Insane
Jake, thanks for being a Razorback. I'll never forget the sack you had against Georgia in 2010. Good Luck in the NFL.
All that I know I learned after I was thirty
omg it's so annoying I'm like just staring at the ceiling wide awake lol
Looks like a winner. My husband is already drooling on the menu and is excited about birch beer being on tap...
FOCUS: ON FILM: MOVIES JUST CAN'T BE "OK" ANYMORE
thanks for the welcome! I look forward to seeing you in PA!
Making all of us over 40 proud!
This is why civil rights should never be put to a vote. Look at history, folks. That's not how women and African Americans got the vote.
The kingdom of God is within you. ~Luke 17:21
98% of Facebook is women telling each other how great they look.
I want to fly to NY just to leave a flaming bag of dog poop on you know who's doorstep
How To Sell Almost Anything - Forbes
MLK Choir sings tonight at 6pm at Bethel Baptist Church (1962 Euclid Avenue). Join us!
Reading "The Element" and relating! Must read for parents.
WE NEED THAT COVER!!!!!!
Once again, I have to take a day off soon or start losing vacation time. The horror of ample leave allowance...
oh - u said #FF so i said i have followed u :)
Working on swag bags for launch party!! Getting excited:)
- Yeah, thought you would like those. Wish my tall, uncoordinated ass could skate.
I love the haters gonna hate thing, when I heard that I was like <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>. I also know he loves hats!
Zip out to Atlas Performing Arts Center for Pasties&Popcorn this weekend. First 5 Zipsters to stop by our office get 2 free tics.
Goin to get stitches out!
m hell yeah
This red light near my house is insane.
Thanks for the FFs. Hope things are going well for you.
- how was the Mas de Gourgonnier and the Cuilleron Syrah? love both of those producers.
im at work, you can come by or wait til i get off tonight
what yu say my name for
Well well well the lakers getting blew out the arena and okc shooting the lights out tht m'f can't wait for game 2 okc we coming for tht ass
Has anyone taken a 1-week intensive 3 credit grad course before? Worth it? Will it kill me? Topic: History of DC + Monuments.
Girl Who You Tellin , What School you go to ?
Needed to re-post, since I used the incorrect "offence"...D'oh!
Its a lazy rainy day here in Las Vegas. =))
I know why Superman left Krypton. Earth was the only place he could get steroids!
Cozy up & enjoy the holiday rain in SD this wknd! Help my friends at The Grandparents Connection www.grandparentsconnection.org! Thanks!
proving how many fans you have. #IfISuckUpEnoughHeHasToLikeMeAgain Oh god take me back! PS if thats true thats efin impressive
That little dance your thumbs do when you aren't sure how to reply to a text..
Had a blast working with Ariel Schulman and Henry Joost! Paranormal Activity 3! October 21st!
thanks! I'll hit ya up!
This day is beautiful! Celebrating 26 years and it feels oh so good!
Working hard to memorize dialogue
Sweet! was giving them out yesterday! RT I did! Is there anyway I could buy a movie poster?
Our Pleasure!! Have a wonderful Weekend..
we'll be there!
Thanks for the mention.
#IfYouKnowMeYouKnow Im A Straight Foward Person And I Don't Take Shit From Anybody.
I like the stuff at BoConcept and from Fabulous and Baroque out of Austin. We cam go shopping when you make it over here.
I did have Bigger expectations that 10th man on a depleted front court though back in 2002!
No girl can freak me im just too nasty!-Ghostface Killa
#OneThingAboutMe i'm addicted to the song every little thing from :)
You're terrific to play WWF with and I'm loving every moment of it...well, except the part where you win. :-D
Earthquake in Oakland! Just felt a shake...
Not all that glitters is gold.
he even watched the #ps22 chorus after I told them they were from SI.
Hey Brandon, I am back. How have you been? Most importantly, how was your christmas?
We have 4 new #cre employees in Tulsa for training this week! Representing San Fran, Phoenix & Atlanta offices!
What are you doing tonight? Come see #serials @ 11pm!! Awesome new plays, Good times for all & a free beer with ticket!!!
I'm a biggest and baddest #bitch in the whole world
I agree it has been to long
Thank you Kobe for saving on Ron's Mistake.
Me fuxing with this bike and my good bad knee earlier tonight was not the move.
Surprise I didnt see you at Joe's when I just drove by
good to be back on the east side. echo park is home now.
it's all good, just a hate
u r 2 sweet! No foundation. Mac Studio Fix. But
RT : I predict in 20 years The Beach Boys will be touring as a bunch of 29 year olds and Kraftwerk will all be robots.
I would like to be anywhere but here
promises a lot of crowd participation when Sleeping With Sirens headlines the Hard Rock Cafe stage at 5:30pm
Omgg, thats my favorite song! Bahah, your soo pretty and your voice is amazing. I will def pass this around<3 Amazing Job.
Real Estate at Black Cat! Let's see what they're all about...
I know I'm late to the convo, but when do the sex jokes start?
FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER
She wanna believe dat ima dog..but I'm not...she wanna believe dat idont care about her...but I do..
<-happy birthday!
Stan, don't you know the first law of physics? Anything that's fun costs at least eight dollars...
THE NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE IN ALBUQUERQUE HAS ISSUED A TORNADO WARNING FOR CENTRAL SOCORRO COUNTY UNTIL 3:00 PM.
I agree. She re-shaped her image. Good for her!
you're far to kind! A real genius like Val Kilmer would have just added popcorn and lasers, and POOF! Problem solved.
Thinking about school ending so soon gives me anxiety
Oh crap! She's doomed!
Go #Vikings boo
hey i hardly ever check twitter. Just saw your message. good seeing you. look me up on Facebook.
RT : New post: "My Version of Trendswatch 2012: The Archives Edition" what trends will affect archives the most?...
Watched #Revenge tonight with the in-laws...their remark was that the drama was so good it was like a soap opera!
#UCDA Chris gave a great keynote, gets you thinking about how you use soc med
White Collar plus Richard Schiff = BRILLIANCE
Taking delight in the greatness over there. The atmosphere is lovely.
Haters say "Fuck Austin". Ahh bro,I'm trying it every day...
anytime! RT : Thanks
Does Your Artist Have A Twitter?
OWINGS MILLS, Md. (AP) -- Baltimore Ravens running back Ricky Williams says he's retiring from football.
for work I take it
are you blogging your vegan week? Intrigued
Does #bashh have a VIP line? :)
I have a feeling that some serious creativity will be unleashed on
6 months ago
Need contract "writers" for Ethics case studies for MIL. Contact immediately at MIL background would be nice.
Cinco De Mayo and Derby Days....wow, what a weekend it will be. Join us saturday for $1 House Margs and our special Taco Pizza.
Lots of great deals going around for #BSHM! Be sure to check out too, on sale soon
Is that tonight?
Bravo is trying to find a new Housewives franchise... Real Housewives of Abusive Husbands....Stacy is an obvious choice!
Its going down @ 44 lounge 25 & up dimino & spades tourn byob food live Dj right now until come out and party E MountHouston and Homestead
hahaha. Yeah boy!
Playing the Tropico 4 demo... game comes on.. music starts.. and I suddenly want to dance!? Oh lawd!
your 950 @ Herndon-Monroe is 12 mins late already. Tired or waiting in this cold day. Get it right!
yep, here we go...lol
My one true weakness.... Fresh French Bread w/cheese. I'm so sorry hips.
Thx, U2! RT Happy Travel Tuesday!
QoTD: "Take your life in your own hands and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame." (Erica Jong)
O ok,so u do music?
if you do tell everyone a couple Gay life exists from you
I think the easiest way to study my #airport codes is to watch the ticker on & sports & shout them out as teams come up.
Need more elaboration on Q2
It's time to face my fears and clean my apartment.
The reason gators are ornery is because of their Medulla
A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like
I stare lovingly. Is it like you don't even know who I am?
With last words, Hancock repeatedly points out Bronson was barefoot when arrested. "Her last thought was, 'I'm going to sleep,'"
So wonderful what does. My mama volunteers delivering meals & loves it.
I would love having Armando in pinstripes
Shoutout to for being so accommodating with my traffic accident situation. U guys made my week much easier!
Taking notes here...
good luck tomorrow night Maria......!!! xx
haha work tweets!!!
gotta love the funk!! thanks for following... keep us posted
GREAT meeting with Capital Metro today!!
Cooper hits a liner down the left field line FAIR and into the corner! Deer SCORES, and the Brewers lead 1-0 on a Cooper double!
I know. I know. I feel that much of our work as digital humanists must be to educate academics on their responsibilities...
One of my favs this year is WAITING FOR SUNRISE by Wm Boyd. Absorbing, suspenseful, good historical setting.
Very happy to have the privilege of watching LeBron and DWade every nt
Thanks Paul. Thanks for checking us out.
sounds like a lifestyle startup biz then
Come on train. Let's do this
Just found out I'm a Virgo. . . okay, cool.
New addition to our Natalie's Pageant Closet Online Store!! Dedicated to the Pageant Queens making positive changes in their communities. P…
Heres one: So, you're an mma fighter and you use TRT and you're in your twenties? Tell me more about how you're not a cheater.
What are you doing with your holiday weekend?
The race is not to the swift but to those that keep on running
I missed it. :( But I'm waiting to hear it soon!!! :)
oh lol, all good!
#Steelers win www.thekidstrust.org gets 500, #Ravens win & a Bmore fam in need gets 500, love the Houck/Cole Roofing way of gambling!
Happy B-day 2 <U+2665> :D i love u xoxo
You've been busy globe trotting. Looking forward to your visit and catching up :-)
Thank you! We are so happy you enjoyed it.
Nothing much. Saw you on the Who to Follow tab on the left and added you. Saw you at box arena last week too.Playing anything new?
What are you doing to show your <3 for National Libraries Week?
are you serious
hahaha so were you late to whatever you were doing? lol
My roommate looks an awful lot like wade barrett. Its funny. Send a pic in a bit
Happy Easter guys! <U+263A>
The 3BG Windows XP memory limit isn't what I want to be dealing with on a Friday afternoon
Bog of Eternal Stench!
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 1118 calories! on 3/26/12 at 6:52 PM
Man of we lose... Idk imma just be mad.
Shit just got real NY
"Genius" & "hilarious" come to mind. RT The words most frequently used in connection with are national & treasure
Passing with all a's right meow. I'm proud as can be. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Cast of Hot in Cleveland has arrived! Show did Cleveland proud and definitely deserve the key to this great city!
you're beautiful and I'm not a liar! :p
Now that, that's off the chest. The sun shining, grass is green nd I look GOOD AS HELL on this WoNdErFuL dAy! #Flowing!
Please follow for Loudoun County Northern VA business, community, events, local IT, marketing and social media updates
good talk though - thanks!
The wicked's lives are lonely, the wicked die alone. It just shows that when you're wicked you're left only on your own.
Last day of #iwny . How are you celebrating?
hang out with us at road house on sunday
omg pretty please follow me? :) <3
Right! I'm mad they turned the song off!! Lol ": Aye!! the Spurs Cashin Out!"
You've got to appreciate the marketing department's ingenuity LOL. And I say that semi tongue-in-cheek :)
Whenever I feel blue, I start breathing again - L. Frank Baum (Wizard of Oz)
please follow she is you biggest fan!
oh stop, you're making me blush! <U+263A>
I hope she lives up to the hype <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
my brother turns 32 on friday...small world
Had a lovely time with you too fabulous ladies!!! I'm in NOLA now--will be in touch soon when I get back to NYC
currently what does the lib do to address that? that's a big problem indeed in our case too
Heading out to Indiana Live.... Wish us luck!
If I could have one #SportingKC player sub in for me at work it would be ________ because ___________.
oh hell yeah
what up tho Fam Fam!! Its nice BigCool. I see your Athletes doing they thing thing Cali style! Yeah!
isnt cool enough to go to nightstorm !!
You're welcome. Thanks for checking out my videos! :) And what an awesome organization! Looks like tons of fun.
Did I say marlins? Oops I meant Reds!
Was it an instrumental track? I can't recall, but if you can track down their instrumental album, very worth a listen.
haha, awesome. does the Biz make a surprise appearance? please tell us it ruled ;-P
We've been collecting stories from Chinatown residents. Everyday we'll be posting something fresh. Stay tuned.
have you watched PS I love you? And is it bad that I wrote poetry and intend on just mailing them to her. Even when I'm alive
Who cares what anyone else thinks.
its really good! dont ever think negative about it (:
thank you! we're so glad you enjoy it
": "Marriage is give and take. You'd better give it to her or she'll take it anyway." - Joey Adams"
RT : Welcome horse people! Wheres lovely Kemp? #ohchat (hello! Yes, Feb flew by. Howz u?)
If you don't hurry up and marry me, I'll rob a Nando's.
If you have a break and want to meet up with a random RL stranger, but online friend, lemme know.
Orientation for work...
Good Afternoon Twitter! How are you guys/girls doing today?
haha, well I'm pretty sure it would've been way different had it been you in his circle.
Hey gorgeous! It's been a while since we have seen each other. Your hair misses me as I do her.
Good stuff! Thanks for the support to the local!
OMG!! : St. Louis CAM director Paul Ha named director of MIT's List Visual Arts Center
Just tapped Laughing Dog's Rocket Dog Rye IPA.
hell no, his shoes ugly af,I know bout his gear. I'm pretty much done with this conversation.
They're not "scripts," "graphic novels," movies," or "books"- they're "Inanimate Films"
Oh, Why? Whhhyyyy? The hair is so "forget you"! Dress is fab though. Even w/ the cape.
Happy Mother's day to all!
PRINTING & GRAPHIC DESIGN >> www.800printingnyc.com
i want you to follow me soo bad
Finally got a chance to sit down and read Ford's "Parsing Expression Grammars" paper, reminded me how much I like parsers and how rusty I am
I didn't even send em out when I had em :(
Morris Claiborne for the win!
Hey , can't wait to see you next week.
wait what? are you stalking me? do i need to delete my foursquare?
Today my youngest king turns 12. Happy Birthday Isaiah Nasir. Its such a privilege to be your mother. Sonshine
Love it or Hate it: Lil Wayne - "Carter IV"
Having a sweet hang with myself and some free beer, and decompressing from the madness that is the baltimore tattoo convention
America changed
only 7 more days and I'll see ya in Pikeville ,KY for #inyourhands tour! I'm So EXCITED!
what up cuz
yeah you?
apparently today I'm easily distra
U were amazing as usual on NY Live. I love what you were wearing Mrs Sexy! Who were U wearing & where can I get one? LOVE you!
haha yes!!(: im so what time are we going??(:
Why? what's wrong?
They do? RT Why do smelly people drink water out of large jugs?
Cheat on their beautiful girlfriend for a hoe that looks like Rafiki from Lion King #whydopeopledothis"
Saw A Dangerous Method this week - great film!
Against criticism a man can neither protest nor defend himself; he must act in spite of it, & then it will gradually yield to him. F Goethe
lol it was decent this time....amazing. And a bit comical.
Now we are at IHOP acquiring delicious, terrible food.
Va state parks offer kid-friendly programs 5/19 in partnership w/National Park Trust for National Kids to Parks Day.
All of y'all who buy $200 headphones to listen to your compressed mp3s... ugh.
Just woke up shower then off to work
thanks! and right back at ya.
Character/Concept/Environment Artists wanted for a A developer based in the UK, for more information contact .uk
You know you're from out of town if...
Our new music upload series continues...Grab new versions now for Kenny & Brad.
I really need to start back workin out smh
Share? RT : Pizza or pasta ? Pizza!
hhaha yes.i am proud of you. xD but you got two weeks!
thnx for the RT, hope you found some great stuff in there!
there is a Wendys by my house that charges 1 dollar for water and ice from the soda rack.....Smh
When he gets older, I'd tell him he used to have a brother, but he didn't obey
Lakers will not win the NBA why they have a DUKE player on their roster lol
Country music >>
Beautiful day in Detroit!
just saw a hipster wearing a ship captains hat and a childs power ranger sweatshirt
": Tell me what you think I don't know"really lil bruh
WARNING!!! If there is a Zombie Apocalypse, and they end up chasing us...I'm tripping you!
6 days to PEACE DAY 2011! Free food, entertainment and fun!!!
is gardening in the dark.
Wow! Agreed. That's a very cool video.
Grown men do not "horse around" with boys. Protect your sons from abuse. Teach them to speak up, run and tell you anything and everything.
Interested in how I became involved in the Middle East? Read my book free at TwelveDaysToJersalem.org.
RT : Home Speed Cleaning Tips & Clutter Control. An Organized & Happy Home. 100% Guaranteed! (Paperback): Discover th......
Finished the last book of the #HungerGames at an ungodly hour last night but it was completely worth it!
Congrats! We love your new music video "Little Mercy!"
Nice! I'm jealous. Just spoke to G&P last night. They said it was 80 all last week!
Very happy to have June end with a first-ever attempt at an online video audition going well, resulting in a callback to start July. :-}
A Shout out to our friends at ! Working to better education together! Superheroes Joining Forces!
Joe Walsh & Tammy Duckworth debate live tonight at 6 on CLTV
actually sitting this twin kegs night out...it's been alittle sad over on our street since sunday night. Our dog passed away :-(
And I would add
Liking some one is just wanting to see them! Loving someone is understanding how that person feels
Hahahahahaha! RT : She's beautiful RT : I just found Rosie O Donnel attractive!
Special #FF for !!!!
loving it!
Shhh. time for !!! To God be the Glory...
: no way it's Matt, Tyler's the one klaus will kill!!
yup, a Lil ol engineer vs a big time undefeated boxer (and 50 'candy shop' Cent)
YES WE ARE. Tell your friends? I'll do something crazy if we get to 30:)
get ready for me! be over soon
Each time I think about u all I think about is ur crooked smile that I luv
Ok so this zumba mess is what got my mama thinking she hip lately these mofos is really grinding I'm surprised there aren't more guys here.
#Miami vs #GeorgiaTech Tonight! C-A-N-E-S, #Canes!
thanks. where do you come from? :) And please follow me back. be my 300th follower please? ;)
Social media is just one force that is requiring leaders to cede control in order to succeed- Charlene Li author of Open Leadership
Oh shit! SIN night at 1/2 off everything including PBR tall boys. And... doing the video thang!
We are excited to announce the launch of the new ZeroSpinePain.com website.
RETWEET IF YOU LOVE GOD!!
Sean Kingston!
Love that place! RT We are SO excited to welcome our new client named one of the Top 10 Wing Spots in the US!
Sounds about right.
SPURS WIN 114- 83 Total Domination!!
haha every year once I get back I always have a little bit of one. I mean, im there for 6 weeks. Lol
i dnt just go 4 the 1st guy that comes in my face.
wine, spaghetti, and fresh chocolate chip cookies.
If you live in Bay View or anywhere else in the 14th, get out and vote, preferably for Jan Pierce : I would if I could!
Day one of a trial week of no dairy in my diet begins today. No dairy = no cheese and no milk in my coffee.
BTW did u call the police yet on me?
the broncos should keep him, because if Peyton isn't 100% they have no back up if Tebow is gone.
Of course our bullpen catches fire against the Twins.
Nothing like learning new tricks
Hey Sean, Justin here with NBA TV. Would you be able to tell me which milestone KG is going to set in today's game? Thanks!
Birthday brunch for w/
says the guy who has just continued Dubya's policies and is keeping us in Afghanistan 'til 2024... you should kill yourself.
uh oh what happened?
As I just mentioned to a co-worker...I know what I'm told I know.
when austin's been everywhere EXCEPT where you live.
had co signed me :)
The developer is really working hard on the Ebuxing.com site. It is really exciting to see my ideas coming to a reality. It's looking good.
at least I made $10 betting him that he'd meet up with her at some point when he got drunk
RT : M looks so damn gorgeous in her vid
Today we are at the Milwaukee County Courthouse for Food Truck Thursday, come find Milwaukee's favorite gyros on the corner of 9th and Wells
bro, first, LOL. and second, im at arundle mills mall and I swear my M350z stalker is sitting a few tables away. O.o
Scratch and sniff LP: scratch it, sniff it (smells like three days in the Chilldozer), buy another copy 'cuz the LP is all scratched up.
you're using Reason? that's whats up!
Oops, Sophie got two nods. #FF and MOCS staffer too.
neither of you know the meaning of alot of hours
My prediction, were not going to get in a full 9 innings of this game, nevermind the next one...
She even gives Jersey Girls a bad name.
sounds like a brilliant idea.
RT Daniel Pink #training2012 people are more motivated if there is purpose attached to work not carrots or sticks.
Anyone know that song " I don't know" by " the sheep dogs". The song name suits it. Because that's pretty much all they say for 3 minutes
Tonight on NBC 15 at 6: A look INSIDE the Porchlight fire damage, hear from some of the hundred residents that spent the night at West High
Coming to terms with my own mortality... Do. Not. Want.
can't start crap with dumb...
God!!! i love me some Kim kardashian
I guess watching another movie on
Back pain is the worst pain ever. Taking it easy tonight so that we can rock the house during Zumba Toning tomorrow!
We'd love for you to try the new recipe. We think you will be pleasantly surprised. Look for the new packaging!
If we hold on to the past too tight, the future may never come.
that's what I said :L
So honored to be the male in this relationship, next time I will take you to a place that doesn't serve bland mozz w/ Ke$ha
“: If you say #SchoolMemories and says something about senior year in high school or college... Yeah youre kinda old” aw lmao :P
What do you look for in a lover? Let us know!
RT : 10 Rules for Starting A Business on a Shoestring Budget:...
now following this chico
Im having such a great morning!
More money less sleep
God morning!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Just fuckin live life!
done with what?
One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well. Virgina Woolf
Oh if you want tons of Tumblr followers...just photograph Parker Hurley
Why is the Sumo Deadlift a poor idea? Don't know the details.
Listening to Angels and Airwaves while folding laundry. A relaxing way to end my day. :)
Great article!! You are all over the interwebs, lady!
I don't care if I'm almost 30 years old, it's nice to know my parents are still proud of me.
I already can't wait till Easter,Resurrection Sunday! "What a day of rejoicing that will be!" <3
Dear women, I don't care how much your heels hurt. Walking around Baltimore City in bare feet is a bad idea.
RT: RT Nothing is illegal until you get caught.
same with me!!! IB = BS and still get away. Haha!
I just ate almost a whole package of lifesavers I found. So far they are not working.
BURGERS, BURGERS, BURGERS!!!! Our Exotic Burger is Curried Turkey today, come try it out!
ALPHABET SONG SUCKS TODAY :/
And is coming to Denver as part of the deal?
Everything is going great! Thanks for asking for the FF! :) Have a fun weekend.
you are so close to $50k!
my back is kiiiiiiiillllllliiiiiiiiinnnggg me!!!!!!! Got 3rd place trophy tonight tho!
Thanks, all of the sessions has been great, always have room to learn more!
It's pizza of the day time: pizza sauce, mozzarella, pepperoni, roasted parsnips and onion. Just $12 plus free ravioli.
I normally can't either. I was feeling ambitious today.
There are few nudities so objectionable as the naked truth.
Good Morning to all Tweeters.. What a gorgeous day!
Happy Birthday to the current and future great young man. Work hard in Vegas.
The weekend isn't over yet! Time to cool down after a hot day with a Rio Marg.
Have you seen our newest billboard?
u mean to ur own cuzin ima beat u up
B.A.S.I.C - BeAboutSuccessInControversy
Ciara - If Only
If you act like a child yourself, you really shouldn't have children.
I'm surprised you didn't superkick that cow that was in your way! Lol Enjoy the summer, Champ!
I'm starting to feel the SXSW #rockthesock pressure building :) :
Met him at Kohl Center in Aug. Amazing story... What was show on BTN? Need to see if on again.
Aquatica won't have an account. We'll be tweeting about the waterpark on the account. Hashtag is
9 CHIPS OR 3 CUPS POPCORN - YOU CHOOSE:- • ¼ cup corn (for popping) – put into brown paper lunch bag – fold over top • Microwave for appro…
WHUT?!? We have an alternative station again? YES!!!! So happy, and just in time for summer!!!!
Talking with to talk about how we can work together to promote business in the area!
This DJ can suck my
that was so great! We loved video chatting with u guys today!
Workshop with today at Danny Clark photography studio
Find the lowest priced data converters from MAXIM and Linear, please go to www.synpur.com
The Boys are going to live with Whitney Hoffman etal and I are happy. They will be well taken care of :)
Open til 7 tonite, let's go Jackets! Patio is open :)
thank you for the retweet!
congrats to my girl S.Mayer, sign sealed delivered to Case Western. keeping our streak alive 4 years 6 players in the college ranks
Yes. I do really like you. But i can't tell you cause you dont like me.
Strength is the capacity to break a chocolate cake into four pieces - and then eat just one of the pieces! Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!!
New scene from the movie Jack Squad on site www.simboya.com. Check it out and let me know what you think?
My brain hurts. In a good way.
at first, I thought the movie title was, "Men Who Scare Goats" (imagine that, coupled w/ the quick visual of a goat falling over)...
hot boys, remember
Drinkin Sweet Tea from a mason jar.
Mike Tice is going to get the ball out of Jay's hands quicker, & give him more protection when that's not the case.
Lol, when people judge my territory. I am #Superior in my own world. Thats all that matters.
okay just makng sure
lmfaooo, you know I love my texxting buddy ;)
In seat,from left-right,3. Seats are almost filled up
Think it's so great what Zimmerman did? Would you still feel the same if it were your son? You may just get to see & that's reality! KARMA!
The fact that so many people are starting to wear fake tapers and plugs is really starting to piss me off, dude quit being a bitch.
stop posting your stupid party over facebook
Bout to start the Great Race. Team lookin hungry!
Did Jerry Remy just say when Youk comes back Will Middlebrooks would probably go to Triple-A? No... way.
Go Woo!
Time to cut bait and run!
I put in so much work in the last eight years, I got male groupies now
look at that pace! amazing!
Stressful situation? Make the conscious choice to seize the thing you can control: How you THINK about what’s happening.
That sounds so cute!!! I would love to go, is it held everyday til the 31st?
One of my favorite quotes from a historical figure is 'I love to fly, I've been to almost as many places as my luggage' -Bob Hope
AND a wild pitch. When it rains, it pours.
love u sis help me get this twitter shit lol
Happy International #JazzDay everyone! Throw on your favorite album and enjoy! My pick: It Might As Well Be Swing by Sinatra & Count Basie.
congrats dude
Ethel I wanna listen to music all night witchu!!!!
Ikr wait y did u have to go jw
another good video u never fall short
how on earth do u give meds to a chin?! Glad to hear they are doing ok. You're such a great chin mom!
Yoda's quirky speech pattern made learning difficult, so his Value Added Measure was pretty low.
One more person needs to follow me then ill have 700.... cmon guys
I wish I owned a Champion juicer. They're awesome.
Trouble sleeping? Eat a few cherries. They have a natural form of melatonin
If you'd be loved, be worthy to be loved.
hahaha <U+263A> it is relieving! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Thanks for following me back. I am a big fan and I love your music. <3<3<3<3
Favorite stage direction of rehearsal so far: "he rises preparing to crush her with the weight of his eloquence"-Now I Ask You
Thanks already having a great weekend I have my 2 year old grandson! So much fun!
Don't worry be happy
Imagine how much drama there would be if you actually wrote what was on your mind in the "what's on your mind?" box on facebook!
They might at indie discos! This wasn't the UK equivalent of Turnmills, son.
Oh quiet car, I would hug you if I could.
Win tickets to show this Wednesday, November 30th at the Improv. Tune in to #prettyprogressive at 11AM for details.
RT : You won't see the potential if you're looking at the pain.
Day 3 of #MHFA Instructor Training. Much respect to #teachers & students who do this everyday!
My mom :) MT : who's your favorit super hero?
oh.. Yeah I don't know...
It's not gonna be the same without Piers though..
Be sure to come watch us at the Midtown Deli tonight! Playing with a really cool band called the Sweet Water. No cover!
i would love to play Savannah, can you recomend some acoustic venues?
James Harden is ballin very very hard right now.
yes it is! I adore your daughter and you! Y'all are my favorite! I try to get all my friends here in Dallas to watch :)
This morning was traumatic. I had to have a ring cut off my finger :(
Thanks to @ CandacitaBonita for your love injections!! We heart u!
Ya I deleted my tweet when I saw you fixed it, my bad and thanks!
Damn! Its My Birthday and my freaking Dad doesn't call me or text me
Takers for 3 tickets to What is New Orleans Jazz family concert at lincoln center jazz, April 21 at 3 pm? Cc
my #swagg is
That is true! It works with other bread-friends too!
Just found out with out having record on the tv I can restart ellen and watch it.
Lost 5 pounds in last 2 months :)
uh oh the promoters are tweeting again....
Didn't see Parts this weekend. Was working on a Staged Reading. Might go this week if I can.
Is it too early to get ready for #Revenge? Such a fan!
Bulk promo discounts!!!! Hit me up at :)
Just a couple more hours until I meet up with for week
The only real failure in life is one not learned from. -Anthony J. D'Angelo
Get a clue!
Thanks for the "timely" ping! ;-)
Best compliment all year comes from , who says my "hair flip mastery is entrancing." HA!!! Thank you, Megan!...
#Amazing: J. Danforth Quayle was rich boy born w/silver spoon, rode fam's connections 2 heart-beat from presidency...
Remember these two names. Ted Stankiewicz & Tyler Gonzales. BIG arms that should go in 2 or 3 round in MLB draft.
If that remote control helicopter flies into my kitchen one more time while I'm making the Christmas candy, I'm going King Kong on it.
if I'm forced to watch a 5 day marathon of chuck Norris #walkertexasranger you will be forced to watch #glee <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Citations for walking and texting?!?!?
Can someone explain why a bag I've used for 30 flights and never checked suddenly doesn't "fit" Not how you treat loyal customers.
#10Facebooktips the layout keep changing when the hell is they going to add an dislike button on #Facebook need to upgrade that
I made milkshakes with some of the vodka and kahlua the other night and that was delicious....might do that again later.
country music is best, when driving.
Say it ain't so Birdman! Maybe the #Orioles will finally do away with
Just got back from the eye doc. Eyes are dilated and I can't see to well.
okay! Just let me know when you want it and I got you.
Show in Estonia tonight followed by a 17 hour drive to Poland. Anyone own a private jet in eastern Europe I could borrow?
Awesome! <3 you, too!
I meant will join us at Krystal's Cafe, but if wants to join us, I won't deny him! :)
#ABQgirlproblems I'm driving home tonight guy jumps out onto Louisiana and hurls a brick at my car. Call police they get him! #whodoesthat?
Oh Snap! It looks like snow.
You got it all, you got the beauty and the brains. You got the wisdom and the smile and that's what's driving me insane
#HappyMothersDay to all the Mothers out there!
there is no way and I can eat that much to compete with
I bet within a week there will be restaurants serving freedom fries again.
I back this!
Everyone, tweet your favorite museums to me! Don't forget to hashtag
Can #RussellWilson play defense?
Some parts of life are simple, but people make it difficult.
two more day until holidays! freaking pumped. Listening to some good MJ music :(
Now on to Veronica's Room in Sept. Still looking for the "Young Man". 3 other roles were solidly auditioned. Choosing by Friday.
No luck so far
My phone hasn't rang a lot lately.
I want that and some chicken lasagna! I'm making cornbeef egg roll Sunday I think!
: Kobes game is like that old school guy at the rec that you can't stop, until he has to take his geritol and bengay shots. Lol
plz come on tinychat it would mean so much to ur fans on tinychat <33 =/
Best Jobs 2012: Recreation and Fitness Worker
We hope Ryan's ashy jacket doesn't disrupt Antonio's allergies!
aww we love u too! Thanks boo!
Where the hell is I need to know if she's wants to go running at 4
Yeah, goodbyes are hard but who said hellos were easy?
better still, just don't have arbitrary rules for password creation. Then we all win.
haha wow, you should give me a name.
well it is only fitting on 6th birthday!
it's not until I say it is.
I won't wait around for someone who doesn't deserve me
DON'T DO IT! It will only take you deeper into the crevasse.
Hey! Those are my measurements, too....when I stand on my hands.
Hurray! I have over 100 followers. Thanks for the follows!
#EBUS118 Tweet about positive experience you recently had with a business. If they're on Twitter, mention their username with the @ symbol.
Daniel Stern plays Mat Brinkman in the movie C.H.U.D.
Protip: there is a coffee shop 20 feet from your desk.
I'm having a good half-naked day.
i would live to wait and include ! not the same without us all!
My guess, just a guess the fastest horse. I'm from Swampscott, so i'm whicked smart...lol. Be Great Todd
hi doll!every girl has her own recipe that makes her extraordinary!you are clearly miss extraordinary!xoxo miss mimi pink:)
I was surprised by the low turnout, but being non-binding I think impacted turnout. Also, why is MO paying $6-7M for this?
Can you follow me??? I did!!!
hahaha yes. It kinds does. Lol. And I'm sad ur not going to wof with us... sad... sad. Day... :( lol I miss u this weekend.
What we do know is that being beautiful and thin doesn't insure faithfulness over the long haul
Just caught my mom rockin out to call me maybe
The cruelest thing in the world is the smell of brownies the instant they hit the oven even though they still haveto 30 minutes to cook
Only 33 and 38 points by both teams. Some crazy defense out there.
We, the people of Wisconsin, seem to be a bunch of drunks.
My leads group heard Jennie Poppenger speak about her biz helping people with Social Media. She works with businesses and with people...
i love you Justin:)
Had a blast opening for last night yall! Nice fellas...sweet crowd. Thanks so much!
Ha ha ha ha... I'll direct message you an article that pretty much sums up why he contacted me.
I often watch the news and wonder, when it will be the day that i am a victim of one of these crimes
Yoo a saw a picture of girl before that girl really looked like Prodigy !
My "November Spawned a Monster" Morrissey cosplay would be SO good
Work was really tired'some today.my eues hurtn doe...bored too nobody want talk.
staying strong.
Feel like rearranging my room(:
Happy December <3
waiting for the truth...
Its funny how a country concert is such a cute girl magnet. I thank you Eric.
Thank you for the #follow,
Do you guys mean outside of Juno?
Busy day! Advocates are holding PAIR Up for #Parkinson's Research events in CA, LA, MD, NY and OK
Happy Thanksgiving to you too Rose!
RT send me a naked pic
Pay attention to the signs its right in front of your eyes! Mind games in disguises!!!!!
I'd love to see Bush live, damn it.
AFFRM's "Restless City" opening up tomorrow in NY, Los Angeles, and Atlanta. To my ppl in those cities--please support this opening weekend!
ha! truth.
Thought he was my Nigga but in da end he was a Busta..
The Doosh is definitely not PC..........he's a Mac guy
Been in here for 3 months now n its cost me my friends, girlfriend, mom and school. is this even worth it anymore!?
Rehearsal for next weeks show @ the Chameleon Club in Lancaster PA Saturday the 31st
Im'ma have ya mom calling me Papi Chulo.
I don't mind them as a trio...but none can hold their own. Can you imagine if Kourtney got her own show..
"Itch? Since when do you say itch?!"
yes that is what I am referring to :)
Any other SA bloggers going to Niosa this week?
Love Hides Behind Every Corner.... I Must Be Walking In Circles.
I'll consult with the accounting team and let ya know.
twitter: today's personal daily newspaper
Hey, no problem!!! RT hey :) thanks for following!
I just want to play pool.
One of my guy friends is a Directioner :D well a directionator. He only knows the song WMYB!! he loves it :P he said 1D is an awesome band!!
“: 5 days til xmas? wtf!”right??? I just said the same damn thing
Life would be so much better if I could learn to enjoy an overflowing inbox.
More people should go follow .!(:
Go Browns > ': Lace Up > YOLO'
Buenos Dias or shall I say Good Afternoon ;)
“: I hate Chris Collinsworth.” yes he is biased
Good luck to everyone taking the Integrated Algebra Regents.
it's day 1...and it's not over.
Best. Halftime. Show. Ever! was amazing.
good morning.
thinking about my plans for later.....I need to make some.
That Crowd was way bigger than any of us could have expected, your support means the world to us. Stay Tuned for Big Things to come from F&A
I have a crush on you.
CastleGroup Mondays @ Moe's grill...say you're with castle group and get a burrito and chips with salsa for $5 and 99 cents more for a drink
Agreed. But also not fair to ridicule him for being outspoken about beliefs when many others are as well.
As a rule, I am very careful to be shallow and conventional where depth and originality are wasted. ~ Lucy Maud Montgomery
Join us at 106seeboth for tonight's Purely Social! We'll be there from 6 to 9 pm.
Denver Mayor Michael Hancock next at witness table, urging passage of ASSET bill.
#OneThingILove... YOU. And no thats not a #subtweet that's the truth.
This night just got a whole lot better because Jurassic Park is on.
He couldn't have me so now he stuck with you...
hahaha or that too shots shots shots shots! Lol :)
Google is actually the common name for a number with a million zeros.
#flyhighbecca you will be missed<3
I actually share a house with someone who isn't on twitter.
You really rocked it on stage & we are so glad you were part of We gotta get you back in NOLA for longer next time!
. I can see now that Romney's plan for winning the White House is based on spending tons of money and lying constantly.
lol agreed, I dont even have a decent place in the city. They always doing too much. Just clean them up with a lil arch
Just got some soup to warm up from the awesome #Fulham soccer match! #harrods next!
Yes, please!
which players on the Gamepoint 17 team stood out?
Braden Holtby is a major babe.
Why don't we have the option to leave our number and get a call back instead of waiting on hold? That would be customer service.
Um....flex scheduling only affects SNF. Does not affect the MNF schedule.
not yet we have a bunch to do today..
Today I question my entire existence and why god created me and what he could possibly have planned for me and what he wants from me.
Just running <3 :)
I follow you on tumblr, i love it! oh and instagram also . x
#GrinDKinGz New Orleans based & Arkansas based wit projects coming soon
Matt did a beautiful job on that song! Very moving!
try this with some Uncle Jim's Pepper Mustard...this recipe ROCKS!
you're totally hip!
Please say a prayer for my Aunt Grace and the rest of our family. She lost her 1 year old daughter Destiny this morning. :'(
Valentine making Beckett throw to Salty today. Nice move. No more binky?
That would make me feel both better and worse.
On the way to dinner :)
One Day We'll Grow Up And Be Kids :)
"Ire is a great word... For queers."
THANK YOU! I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR SOMETHING TO DO FOR 2 HOURS NOW!
Clubbin this Friday?
Yikes! By the way, I need to call you. I think I still have your number but DM me just in case ;-)
I hate people clap/yell loud as fuck in a small area.
my thoughts exactly
Go do sum excersise nd get a life ,to make the money I make bitch you gotta die n come bak twice
will you ever do a song with ? #Ariana100Questions 10
My friends would make an announcement at prom saying its my birthday... #awkward :P
I know but it seems so far away!
i made her play that game before i got grounded because she ran out the room and started crying and bumped into my mom grrr
sadly, can't make it to #tnla12 today... :( But I had a great time yesterday! One of my favorite conferences.
I thought it would be more racist and sexist, too. It wasn't PC, but James was pretty decent to people
Guilt: punishing yourself before God doesn't. Alan Cohen
Thanks for the push and the video work!
Issaquah amazing race all day...no phones, no gps, no internet...and no personal endurance at present time...let's do this
Does anybody know who Tina Cole is...?? Well if not she is an actress and she was on the show my three sons and she so cool go look her up!
Orlando, FL $35.00 the night!
I'm happy to hear that your having a great time. <3
Hey hey. I placed an order yest. Hope y'all had a blast @ Vaporcon. Is the sale already reflected in price. Or did I miss a code
Would you walk home through a zombie apocalypse with one shoe and a stick to make curfew because I wouldn't.
YOUR STOMACH LOOKS BETTER THEN MINE DUDE. PLUS YOU HAVE A HUGE ASS. So fuuuu u. :l
Hey , I've kidnapped your jacket and holding it hostage for one meellion gold teeth
Hi! Great to hear from you--hope all's good with you. We're in LA at the moment for Amanda's SCIARC graduation.
Never. So long as they are titled "cupcakes" it is safe and healthy to eat in one sitting.
You know you're in trouble when your parents say your whole damn name... Lol
• Makes more sense to phrase it in terms of starts then. What if you're the closer, that 5 days would have a different impact.
Wow. Really sad and shocked to hear about Adam Yauch. I love the #BeastieBoys and he was definitely a music pioneer. RIP.
The Brewers might sign Derrek Lee? Are they also looking at Cory Lidle for the No. 5 spot in the rotation?
For the first time in my college career, I got into all the classes I needed.
Thanks Daniel :(
Good morning love sponges... I'm grumpy today. You may now entertain me.
Hey Stimey - May the 4th be with you today!
I can't see why any progressive would have supported the plan either.
Sorry to hear that. Hey, like we've been talking: Spring is making a return to the Midwest!
Better Late than never #FF They all earned my coveted retweets this weeks
hehe, which means you either work there, work at a company that had a big problem, or like tiger woods ;-) which one is it!?
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 11
Cheers to you!...Two of my favorites were #Marriott and
Projects is killing the kid
He gets on my nerves
the end is neigh! “: $8 beers, ugh. #manhattan #boo”
Me: YOUR CHICK IS SO THIRSTY. LAMPERBENI MERCY dad: you listen to some weird music...
THAT WAS PERFECT.
: Please support federal legislation to license & regulate online #poker in the US! Thank you.
Raining so hard. Well not the rain yet but it's thundering.
do we have a official remix of Black Vodka or a new video coming soon?
RT Goodluck to them boys in blue tonight.
Can we find out when the ad was submitted? Newsom said no coordination with Gov, if so how did this ad happen? No time to make
Tomorrow is gonna take alot of concentration -_-
RT This if you are a #RealMadrid supporter.
Making the best of the "My First Rails Project" which I've just inherited.
Wrap-up vote "What Lies Ahead";"Pretty Much Dead Already";"18 Miles Out";"Judge, Jury, Executioner";"Better Angels"; & final ep
DRAKE TICKETS in the good seats. About 230 pm. Listen to KS1075 & Drake will tell you to be caller 107 at 303-228-1075
Thanks man. We are completely sold out right now. I'll shoot you a tweet when we get our next line in.
Totally agree, but my concern is for the people not yet using the internet getting left (more) behind by
they will
;) follow me please
First golf meet today!
Please follow me <3. Is my dream, please yo do come true #mahomie 7
RT : HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
what a quinky dink! haha its my favorite movie! (:
Docha love the 180 the announcers did on Rodgers once the Pac win was in the bag? "Flawless", huh? Care to play that tape back?
Obviously adele is not good at handeling breakups
oh I'm sure it would destroy every other reality show on any network. Even just a day in our lives! haha :)
No snow in Phoenix
a little. Maybe it was just the exchange you had with Perrin.
Can't believe how fast I was falling asleep. All this studying has got me burnt. Goodnight <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099>
Football season is the BEST time to use #ClosingTime. #Party on Friday & get up at 7am on Saturday to #tailgate!!! No #hangovers allowed!!
Omigosh! How did we miss this?? Thank you, and please look for our 4 proposals in the Pepsi Refresh in 11/11. ADLC is on it!
Pandora has never replied to me or anything. It's ok...I got my, Yara. Xoxo
I just auditioned for Mga Bitty Buttons
loll...yea homie def a minute...couple factors that come to mind....I would have to peep it out through join.me
Prepping for tomorrow's audition (yay!), and marveling over her ReverbNation trax hitting 700 plays. Feeling blessed and lucky, she is.
Caitlin. Think you can bring me a bunch of double-cupped coffees for the graduation rehearsal on Friday? I'm planning ahead.
I followed you :) xx
Shit I'm screwed.
You wouldn't be a run of the mill ho...you kinda classy, you'd be a specialty ho. Um yeah, this did just get said to me
Is solspace.com down for everyone? I can't seem to get the site to load.
I know its a really small town but i LOVE it!
And fuck all you pretend basketball fans that just bought shirts of "your team" a week ago. You should all kill yourselves.
What's the link to watch the #wia hearing?
#TigerComplaintBingo "Lack of clutch hitting"
Thank You!!! RT Thanks so much for having us tonight! #MediaChat AWESOME group!
<--------LOVES A PRETTY GIRL IN SUM SEXY HEELS
Dance class awaits.
Final #TinyFascist Tonight. We tie all your favorite knots.
except it's still Thursday night where I live (Seattle, WA)...... #awks love you!
I had my hands all over your girl Monday..........
looking forward to intern team call and some writing time tonight
Single moms have to do twice the work. Sort of like 20% of the people doing 80% of the work. If U know a single mom, hug her. A lot...
Gunner Gunners let's gun down the failing blue moon..
Having a dog has greatly enriched my quality of life.
Work hard play harder<U+2755>
Aw come on hawks..you got this
Female #android companion?
Kitamura walk-off gives UH series win over Fresno
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying. ~ Oscar Wilde
It's almost like the Colts D has no clue where the 1st down is. They wait 4 the the Off to him them instead of coming up & making the hits
I love you! Stop the bullshit
Had an amazing nite at dinner with friends tonite!!!
Good night!!!!!! Gonna sleep good tonight at least I hope I do lol
the plan is to spend the day holed up in my (work) office writing an article on teaching undergrads with archives. I think coffee is a must.
she kinda seems bitchy. What's that homely Italian girls name?
thanks for adding us
Thank you to my awesome girlfriend for a great birthday dinner and big thanks to for my first visit deliciously fantastic!!
Right on! I just rode my bike 5 miles home after making donuts, baguettes, sourdough & lotsa hamburger buns. Sleepy time! z
my hate for casinos in general. Also in Sept. I spent ~ 5 days there and had a cold for 2 months after. Absoludicrous bustout.
Need a new #fixie, but don't want to spend? Want to donate to your favorite cause? Look no further w/ on !...
salivating over the prospect of an '08 rematch.
Looking for 1 break dancer for David Guetta Music Video. Hit me! There is pay! lol
Me too! RT : I'd love to see AR being used with
I'm a little late to the dance, but thanks for the w00ts, and Good vibes from you, ridicule from my sons. Balances out...
And that asshole is blocked!!!!!
I guess we'll see. May 1 went off well, I thought. H/T to CPD for not being provoked by the "f*** the police" chants.
And the Jackets are still able to outshoot us...
u ain't follow me back yet :(
Seeking an Enterprise Solutions Account Manager to represent the full portfolio of ThomasNet Advanced Web Solutions. Industrial market...
who needs 3D TV when you have TBS' cameras?
Stay strong. Remember your goals.
Got up this morning,,,looked out the window,,saw no terrorists or tanks in street. The government must have done it's job during the night!
Interesting! This has been an informative chat :) Glad I asked
Q: What do you do if your #bassist is drowning? A: Throw him his
Life is a movie that we've seen too many times.
RT : "Instead of 'Mick Jagger could be harry's dad' it should be 'Paul higgins could be gibby's dad'." Omg this
We highly recommend that our clients deploy a comprehensive Internet Marketing Strategy. Call us and we can help you create 1 for your firm!
Screw you.
I just saw the picture of you skateboarding :O I also skate, I started like 2 weeks ago &how old are you I'm just wondering
hook this up to cultural tourism and you've got an industry
that was Shakespeare, heard of him?! Course I have he's a famous pirate, btw its shakesbeard
You may find semisweet chocolates in different forms like- chocolate chips, chocolate chunks, bars, and disks
Saw a commercial, and craving one... But there's none in the fridge.
ah I apologize.
In other news, holy crap ! Go #USWNT!
Lol! Good luck!!:)
oh ok cool , u had me shocked for a while there
I don't want any trouble with anyone anymore. I just want to be friends with everyone. Faking it or not
Shopping for wedding gifts is so boring
Spokane here we come!
I remember when I was like 5 dancing to 's i want candy on radio Disney..Wish I had grown up a little earlier to enjoy it more
RT : #wearing cream pleated skirt, navy tuxedo ruffle t, brass Queen Bee cuff, cream boucle coat, peeptoes with...
hmm. Looks much more severe.
Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom, must, like men, undergo the fatigues of supporting it.
Nervous lady ahead of us on flight downed 6 little bottles on our two hour flight.
What do you use to edit audio - #ProTools? I'm trying to learn Audacity, but I'm more familiar with AdobeAudition.
Followed <3 , AND YOU MET ONE DIRECTION <|3 jealous.. ):
not sure if they actually taste like corn tho.
if only i used my iPad for music...
yes move to New York!
tweet tweet...im back...enjoying la weather before going back to work tomorrow
I wish you could've seen the smile on my face when I posted that. I was at FLA for a day and hope others will join in on 4S fun.
Any of you crazies in #ROC taking part in the Polar Plunge at Lake Ontario? Bring your PlaySport and tweet!!!
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy. -bf
Draft day philosophy; bye weeks don't matter. By the time they've arrived; waiver wire's changed your team makeup
still calls me when she needs help with her math homework. its algebra 2 all over again.
TgT is gonna be in the studio all this week to start their new album as a group! &
how could being a victim of his creeping NOT make you happy? Lol
Just tuned into the #Nuggets game. What in the heck is growing on Birdman's face?!
Occupiers, I support your message and all, but the 1% doesn't take the subway...
Dont concern yourself with things that don't concern you. If it's not your business, don't make it your burden.
glad to be a part of it :)
Even adding 1/4 c of creamer to my work's coffee doesn't make it taste good.
is it that bad to take a nap at 4:51pm? I hope not...that's exactly what I'm going to do...
Played a program of jazz cartoons for my students tonight: Three Little Bops, Date With Dizzy, Begone Dull Care, Koko, and Rhapsody in Blue
WSFP Youth Foundation welcomed Sarah Smith, Marquette University's Managing Director of Development - Milwaukee, as a new board member today
Are you going to tonight for the Mojito being named Miami's official drink?
Went to Archon 2 get press passes. Saw M. R. Sellars checking in at the same time. He actually wore his "Castle" T-shirt!! More to come...
I think they were looking at south America accdng to recent trips
thank you for the thanks, thanks! Thank you again
thanks, patty! Appreciate it
have a little wine with my wife at out winery
I'll get to be a rock star!Will be the title character in a play about sex, drugs, rock n roll and vulnerability:FUN and touching.STAY TUNED
Sorry I don't post more but I am the type of person that likes to read. If ya want to know something about me send me a direct message.
RIP Robert Sherman,thx for the music u have created...
nice night:]
Glad the hurricane gusts have subsided.
Bless you Lol
I rather keep my eyes wide open instead of blink
dangit as soon as i tweet that, the inning ends... #BYU leads 3-1 vs. #LaTech in the bottom of the 5th - winner plays
Important news: 360 | 365 is going back to its roots as the High Falls Film Festival for 2013
In just a couple weeks the first Traveling Circle album will be released on Nasoni-Records out of Berlin. Stay tuned!
All great choices!
our neighbor just got a boatload of firewood, I bet we could trade him beer for a couple of logs
Haha, we don't have enough desks!!!
small market... No hype or trash talking. Maybe?
Morning ride on Norton, productive day of staining deck furniture followed by Sandbar and Chiso. Very content (and full).
It's on the 29 th at 730 pm at the laugh lounge 151 Essex st in Manhattan its free please cum c me I'm very funny
. Yeah, I'm noticing that too. It makes me feel better.
": Remember when people thought Gordon Beckham could be Michael Young?" Kenny turned down Cliff Lee for him. Beckham equals Getz.
Thanks, Kati. Glad you find my business postings useful.
Knock Knock. Who's there! Ammon! Ammon who? Ammon old hand at picking locks!
Lmfao RT I'm already knowing...he smashed!!!
just bought my UpAllNight cd :)
Sushi date with mommy and daddy <U+E022><U+E33E><U+E34C>
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Dashan Crittenden °Rising 6th °Brooklyn, NY °Travel Team: New Jersey Playtime Panthers °Shooting Guard 5’4
yea i love it :D & ive always wanted to go to Canada !! & you've been to California ?
pruning some cites from Zotero. Wish there was an easier to archive unneded cites and their attached files.
does she have a facebook?
Vikes PK depends. Any other kickers on their staff currently?
Agreed!! Was discussing this exact thing on the way to the office this AM!
The clouds seem to be moving really fast. Is it just me?
I've been around way to long to believe prog. Lies.
Review: I was hooked from the first paragraph, the authors writing style is fluid, breezy, engaging and compelling -- thoroughly...
Leadership creates performance in people because it impacts willingness; it's a matter of modeling, inspiring, and reinforcing.
I'll be riding to work. After that, maybe Motor for dinner.
Currently looking for my block list… still
This was posted on Twitter: "Does a decent credit union website exist? I post that no, it does not." When was your website last redesigned?
About to tweet til I can fall asleep...
if this train goes down, milwaukee gets a whole less handsome.
Liking the #sbfc line up. We need as a sub tonight.
Pls chill w/ the Kobe/Lebron comparisons!! One has 5 rings, the other none!!
Getting panda express. Hungry af !
1900 university drive! Room 301, free healthy snacks, drinks & wifi!
m smelly deli!
Headed to NYC in July. Is it better to book hotel now or wait a while?!
i sleep better when its storming
Electoral process - from st8 voter suppression to CitUnited to media as major actor - is a gross distortion of democracy. Atbest.
Hey , look at she's knocked out haha
3 words, 8 letters, easy to say, hard to prove... ..."I'm a zebra."
can yo uplease wish happy birthday to it would mean alot to him/her please !!
#IfuWereAStripper would u get mad if a nigga asked u to hit fo 25 dollars
I don't know why but I think it would be absolutely awesome! :D but I don't think is going to have vampires..
do u have iphone 4s
Search KARISSA LYNN on youtube
Bee Raises Funds for Literacy - Memphis Daily News
The other athletics teams are mad because we ain't dress up and they did
having a great time with and thank you
lame haha, well it goes till like 2am if you change your mind. It's a cool event. Especially if your hungry. Haha
Make sure to check our our event page...free workshop this weekend at Skylight Books. RSVP by email to
who are in it and it isn't fair to them their also my fans so I wouldn't want to do that to then
looking forward to having you up in the ATX at
gonna stick picture of lovely kate moss on my pack of camels to remind everyone how sexy smoking is.
you and yours too! happy day!
I've been thinking about you. Do you think about me still?
FACT: Miami is the only major city in the US to be founded by a woman. (Julia Tuttle)
Today is gonna be a goo day....
I like that Ron Paul pointed out we don't own land, but instead rent it. It's very true in the current real estate system.
that sucks. We're local, so I kinda have homefield advantage for finding parties ;)
wish u were there is like #booning but for anyone with a mobile phone. #genius via
Catch the #Braves episode of 30 Clubs in 30 Days tonight at 5pm ET on (also re-airing throughout the evening).
Oh, nice. A #lessambitioustheater meme on the Twitters. Shall I join in? ::considers::
Congratulations Class of 2012! If anyone has any photographs of the graduation, please feel free to post them so everyone can see!
RT : Good luck on your finals. Study hard and finish strong!
AWESOME new followers!!
Forthwith is a great & highly underutilized word. Can't wait to use my youthful feminine linguistic power & slap a #vocalfry on that shit.
Thanks to everyone at Tools of Change for keeping us Tues-Wed people in the loop. Lots of great quotes
short game. Chipping.
me too. :-) Good morning! It's Wednesday, right?
in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out in n out
how can you not have scarves as part of the Sears collection
Working on photoshop of quite a few projects... Very busy but very happy with the results so far...
I love me some Clos Pegas!
this summer is gonna be crazy fool
Happy Monday everyone! Does anyone have some fun design ideas to share with us?
Raz B gonna be on Young Money, shaking ass with Nicki Minaj in his next video. Y'all just Watch!
Boys who trusted Penn State and Syracuse staff: #you'rethereason our work is long from finished. End sexual violence against children!
oooohhh What about 1000 island for dipping?
s/o to everyone from #bentworth going to #PROM today! have fun! Can't wait until I get to go.
It's Heart Month at The Bakken! Come on down for Super Science Saturday and perform heart surgery and make a ~fibrillating~ valentine!
ill brb
Avengers tonight! Avengers tonight!
Got three guys going right now, but I need my captain, Chris Judd, to step it up.
It's Me At My Favorite Spot . . . . You Know The One Right Around The Block <3 !
Avengers in the RealD experience tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00BA>
I followed her. Can I get that DM now?
": Clangin' & Bangin'. Workout #2 starts now. #GoinHAM" just had back surgery, can't wait to get back into it.
That's because a lot of people find that product interesting and want one of them.
Councilman Gary Kendrick talks up former planning commission member Vickie Butcher as Mayor Mark Lewis starts naming his choices...
looking good!
*jawdrop* Someone needs to be enlightened.
Lol“ Lessons on what tho? I hope nothin freaky Ctfu jk RT going to give us the Lessons ”
lol dont block your number and than call me you freak
Anyone know a great secret spot for sunset photography in centralish maryland? I am aching for some new shooting grounds...
baby you should lemme love you <3 (;
Where will you be working?
A pair of Sheriffs on motorcycles are patrolling Broadway
Phones are now our swiss-army communication device. Its a computer that happens to be a phone.
what's up nickyballz how you dern??
Its Only Been Days BUDDY Lol...
Loving Market Pantry red velvet chocolate holiday milk!
Thanks so much for the review! We appreciate your loyalty and glad you had a great experience!
so I says to myself, I says...
I know! I am so excited! I've always wanted to go!
Can't wait! The image on front of catalog is beautiful, it haunts me in the MFA shop, painting once hung there!
Older people shouldn't eat health food, they need all the preservatives they can get
Bahhh that's the worst! Lost keys?
Twugs how are you doing?
WebHostingHub is what I'm most familiar with depending on what you want to do it's pretty user friendly and syncs w/ Wordpress.
Please don't act like your better then the rest of the world. Were all just as Fucked up as the next person.
when are the next ski trips?!
Just got my train tix to #BWENY. Woo hoo!
Agreed. It's kinda like the audience becomes the enablers, ya know?
just to let you know... Boyfriend video> every other video to exist
Popcorn at 10 am? I will never understand.
not so good but you know... rolling with the punches... I'm having withdrawals we need to catch up soon
COME CHECK ME OUT THIS THURSDAY!!!IM PERFORMING LIVE AT CLUB RED WITH JUICY J!!!!
Team STH did full-body supersets to change it up yesterday. Brutal! Nearly puked. How were your weekend workouts?
I HATE LIVING HERE!! dis shit is every week!!
Zac Young has a show 10/19/2011 @ 'Ric and Mo's' in Montgomery, Alabama.
Not feelin very yummy in mah tummy:((
Thank you!
It's not that i hate you, it's just that.... okay, fuck. you caught me. I do hate you.
casino night tonight. keep you posted
you go getter. Need to chat with you abt
Calamity Jane with my grams.
The only time I ever crave Chick Fil A is on Sundays <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
??Does someone actually sit at a round table discussing profits and create drugs for dealers to sell?
RT : Whoever is spreading the hashtag around #BarneysBrideUnveiled must stop. It's all lies! Lies!
hehe! I appreciate it. Now if only I can find gainful employment we'll be set. :)
Just wait until you see the gorgeous Summer Reading calendar our new graphics artist has made! It went to press today.
Don't let them girls get ANYWHERE near me. They scare me.
My hunger is rising and my patience is dwindling
where will the 2012 auditions be? Please respond so I can try out!
it's getting cold out... time to find a wife
Love Ernie Els but come on Dufner it's time to step it up and get your first win!!
I never said he could RT : “: he can't do it all anymore he proved that already”!!!!
Awesome! :) How big is your school?
Let's go LAKERS !!!!
I found u where have u been!
TRAFFIC =- Wb Beltline @ Todd Drive - Crash, delays back to Rimrock Rd.
kind of really want to follow this account... <3
Whewwww Thank you Lord 4 medicine!
I swear gas went up 6 cents in one day!
Excitedly awaiting Apple's approval for our first (myself and ) #iPhone and #iPad App. We submitted it today! Fingers crossed
CondoandHOALaw thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
It is in identifying yourself with the hopes, dreams, fears and longings of others that you may understand them and help them. ~W A Peterson
Lots of factors to consider like demographics of candidates. Video may be better for some small biz.
I love you, like Dory loves her Squishy.
North Korean political prison camps growing - Amnesty
I like hacking into people's facebooks, twitters, and other social networks. It just makes me feel boss.
But is that unique to your location or a trend? Also, are you hiring/promoting librarians into those spots or deprofessionalizing?
Up next, Franklin Park Railroad Daze, June 9th, 2012. I am there, I am so, so there baby!!!
that sounds like a better workout
viva traditional! :) #swxengage industry blogs/media focus so heavy on digital but traditional still has purpose, value
#DogTheBountyHunter I love my Leland!!!<3
if i worked for brazzers id bring full pleasures while taking it to extra measures!!
Forgot chatting on with is more fun than the law should allow. Kicked it like it was Lollapalooza 07 today.
Can't wait for Sunday!!
Doubt it but I'd really enjoy that RT: Can't wait to see get
Think I'm getting it now although the fucking scotch does not help, thanks luv
“ Nobody ever pays me in gum”awwweeee
I don't kiss on the first date, but ill do other stuff thoo
Why do I always think of when comes on?!
I'm so happy :}
Return of the Mack.
always make the mistake of putting to much water in the bath, when iv been in it an age I have no room to top it up :(
welcome aboard!! Glad you got it figured out!! :)
The hungry little boy with the runny nose plays in the street as the cold wind blows in the ghetto....
Tomorrow is a huge day boy/girl?
I love that my friend, , comes to Madison whenever he's writing a new book. We talk ideas/craft and eat at the Dane.
Robbie Williams criticised for launching poker website
Confucius say...Woman who put man in dog house may find him in cat house.
11 Make A Wish is to meet or atleast get austin to follow mehh , i love youu <3
This weed loud.. Speak up, I can't hear you.
I wish I were a student now - so many opportunities and so easy to REALLY learn & understand. Ten years from now ... cant wait 4a b'fulwrld.
Thank u all so much for the amazing response to my tribute to #Whitney! Was so nervous about posting it so thank u all so much...blessings!
And the best Chat Room on Paltalk is.....?
this day is just not happening as it should
#goodmorning Shaun:) and you are the amazing one for everything youve done for me:) but yeah ill email u back about it
I can't let you know it, pride won't let me show it.
I'm convinced the College purcahsed our "new" office a/c unit on Craigslist.
...Sharpen untamed tongues, then release your unquenchable, irreverent spirits upon an unsuspecting Stockholm, tonight... <3
Glad you like it. Hope you can catch the whole film!
Even if you don't like Yahoo, don't avoid their PPC, just expect 1/3 of results. Adding more budget to a Google account adds conversion cost
Why do these "preachers' skew words to "fit" the circumstance. Hypocrites and I mean u Pat Robertson!
It most certainly does! RT : time goes FAZZT when you are having fun.
Dont expect a call back
sorry to hear that. =(
Already following.. x
AHAHAHA! do it!!
is this a legit organization? Around what time in the summer would it be? Because I can't do July and most of August.
sorry dude. i like ur tweets
Your welcome enjoy your day!! :-))
. Will you stand with and vote to pass the American Jobs Act?
Getting ready for road trip to Lansing with Betsy for MLA Community of Practice Day; we'll be fueled by bagels.
I really like scoop.it, It's easy to use and the search feature is pretty nice as well.
so tired my eyes are burning waaaah
Do you have a balance of branded and non-branded content on your site?
Well, excuse the hell out of me. Oh, and fuck you.
Seriously this year all stars tour decides to have a NYC date when the line up kinda sucks. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
New Mexico's spring weather is here!
Seeing in a dress>>>>
What to so, what to do .
aw, thanks Dane! I like Boston Creme.
oh we were making a request, so who knows, you may still be in luck!
got word i have some tickets for the road game against the Chicago Fire! Who else is going?
What can we learn from the soma cube study of the 70's? Contingency on rewards takes away the fun. Motivation is key.
SICK AS FUCK.
Emmure seems so perfect right now
Great Job many takeaways!RT : FYI I'm on 3pm panel preso re:Social Media at BizTimes Expo today (say hi!)
Until you find yourself and understand your purpose you'll be lost in this world without meaning..
It's happening again!
i know u live by the 100s..
I'm sleepy, but I can't sleep.
Grand opening: First Friday, October 7th! Until then, we'll be collecting exhibition applications, painting walls and making friends!
I feel old it bout to be damn near time for the high school reunion
Fuckin A. I'm on it for hours as I lay in bed. Its a good source of inspiration and stuff.
#accident on the 805N in Sorrento Valley. Blue sports car & a mini. But it's moving well at the 56.
I think your #timemanagement skills need improving because I am managing to read while working full-time
Absence of armed conflict is just first part of peace. Peace is about people Prof. Jody Williams
R U ready for Men Without Shirts All Male Revue? First Tweep to show this @ door TONIGHT gets in FREE and gets a VIP Dance on stage!
when I miss you I read your twitter feed.
"I got glass in my ass!" - Matheson, Pineapple Express hahahahahaha.
Just finished fun piece on #USASoccer's Rachel Buehler to air in our NBC #Olympic Special. Surprise appearance from included!
5, but I could also probably have them buy their own tickets haha.
Hey this is samantha from <3 follow us on here to support Kristen?<3 -Samantha
makes me want to travel more! Where was this?
#STAY FRESH . RT this if you STAY FRESH! We STAY FRESH all day!
I'm done with the semester! Now it's time to… huh… I'm out of practice with filling my time with leisure activities.
#BTRSeason3 Proud of :')
Well Bye Peeps On Twitter
awesome!! Great to finish on field!
I've doing well having physical therapy every 3 weeks now how about u
Needing a ride from Redondo Beach area to .Flying in to Cali tonight and have no ride tomorrow.Beer&Gas
Oh My!
GM Wednesday!!! #IThankGod just for this moment...Right NOW!!!
Life doesn't get easier, you just get stronger, and smarter.
Do it ! My 2 are worth about 3 giggles. Each.
thanks for promoting fam! Stoked for tonight #StayLifted #Watts !!!
Unfortunately, Echo the Therapy Dog won't be able to come today to #usfplib. We'll invite her again another time this semester.
HA! doesn't know #TPS either! WOOT! She's with me! Who's on first now? =D
when r u free?!? U r booked and grades come first!
tomorrow at Mother's Grille! 5pm!
If Ron #Artest hit me with the force of that elbow that he just hit #Harden with, I would be dead. #MettaWorldPeace doesn't like peace
Congrats to my good friend Todd Huston for winning HD37 race. An example of how hard work trumps special interests in winning elections!
They day looks to be glorious in San Fran!
Good-Morning twitter nation! Shout out TeamLilKim & TeamJanetJackson!! It's wake-n-bake time!!
hey, you kept me entertained here in India. :)
Nearly finished recording 1/3 songs!
Sounds lovely, you two have a great time! My anniversary is October 9th. Can't believe it's almost here.
"we're living what we're singing, so I guess that's a step in the right direction"
Sometimes you have to stand alone to prove that you can still stand.
Well you get an hour break before the Fourth and last speaker series!
Happy Birthday, Ro!! Hope you had a fabulous day!!!
How is everyone? Long time no tweet. Work work work and Indycar racing. Man alive
Np~ pandora~ pimp c radio
Anyone see the Spotty Dotty promos, going on the last few weeks, on Channel 11, for her new TV shows?
This MAN has me laughing over here .. Two points!
Are we going to see you soon?
“: Bats are the gayest of all mammals, they have the highest percentage of homosexual activity.” does that include batman?
Guns on campus will be the deal-breaker for us and Texas. That and the elimination of elementary schools as gun-free zones.
bonalog fashion statement high rubber boots with hot pants Also learning to scatch dj after seeing MURS rap
#kids Popovich Comedy Pet Theatre: Popovich Comedy Pet Theatre Thursday, April 5, 2012 at 4:00 PM V Theater at Planet Hollywood Las Vegas...
you cant hate on another nigga grind, cuz when you do you just slowin yo hustle down
I wonder if our female ancestors were on to something: panty hose to avoid shaving. Hmm maybe I should give them another chance....?
#teamcelibate I need no one
does he have good reason?? “: Y this man just ask me if I'm fucking his wife LOL”
it's my birthday and I hope you can follow me(:
the change, neva die alone, etc. were a prelude to me doin' sometin' "grimey"..U disqualified! RT : I want a noble peace prize!!!!!
Feeling a bit #punctual today.
Um, let me think. is one of my faves! Have you heard "Over You?" Its a great song!
Are u 1 of those people that dont own "Dollar and a Dream"? Be sure to join me tomorrow at Nubian Bookstore in Southlake Mall in Morrow, GA
should be a good ass time haha
#Monday, you snuck up so FAST!
Yea Matt Weiters!
thanks a bunch. . just sent you the info you requested. . if you want more details.. i will be happy to provice.
Just left Nationwide Arena. Bad loss to the worst team in the league, but LOVED the save! have a 3rd backup goalie!
The awkward moment when I see #WeWontWorkoutIf trending and thinking as in the gym "workout" x)
Boycott The Balboa Park Inn in San Diego, they refused to let me stay there on a pre-paid reservation based on my looks alone.
u know what really sucks about fallin 4 some1 u kno u're not right for? u fall anyway bc u think he might turn out to be different
best of luck with #Wingstock this weekend. Sounds like a good time.
I hide things in there all the time
RT : spoke to budding Docs abt "#Ancestry & Genealogy- Foundations for Clinical Practice"in #pm101 last wk at SUNY Upstate!
you going to be in Chicago?
Maybe the Bears are wearing sneakers instead of cleats. The equipment guy should address that at the half.
even if we lose the golf tournament we'll win most intoxicated
Theres A Website Where You Can Watch Movies Not Out Or In Theaters I Already Say The Avengers Awesome Movie!
Just kidding I haven't lost yet, it's the first day
This new song !!! Dough OMG
Thanks for the follow ^_^
I was once the youngest person on Earth... True story!
Ya know when U feel like God is about 2 do something huge & awesome & amazing? I'm feelin it :-)
Beer and Spirits Garden here at the #FerryBuilding is hopping!
I hate this follow limit.
My evening shall henceforth be filled with the Deschanel sisters -- season six of Bones is on Netflix and lots of New Girl to watch!
Oh neat! Thanks for sharing. I'll pass along to the newsroom.
#FF Thank you for the RT!
of course not, but you can def tell. She was flat as a pancake now she got cake? She got upgraded
yes i am and okayy(:
#ICantShowLove because I've been hurt too much & I tend to keep my guard up! x
I feel like "love child" sounds better to me then son or daughter cause often there's no love in that.
Thanks for da love ;)
just caught this nigga kenny in a full on sprint to the bathroom in flip flops he saw me n tried to slow down but i was already laughn
Kiss [kis] n. - A memorable way to begin a new year. Can also mean my last name ; ) #happynewyear luv The Kisses x
That's what im trying to do ... How did you do it?
#SAYSOMETHIN wa GREAT! I'm so proud of Austin!
well said. RT “: So the Astros can have a gun on their jerseys but I cant get an eggy mcmuffin because its 10:35?!?!”
can't wait for you to join us here on the East Coast; especially our lovely summers in the Hamptons!
at Comcast filling out a fraud report ; since mf's can't pay how they weight .
#HappyMothersDayAngieSimpson you are such a great mom to we love you. <3
“: PRESSURE- Makes diamonds, but it also bust pipes!”
Just watched the amazing spider-man trailer. I'm squealing with excitement
and replied no in a good funny way and u called her a fucking cunt...stop being a online bitch..man up!!
How to Rock is So amazing, Best Show Ever and i absolutely love the music,can't wait to see the rest of the epi.
omg I know witch one your talking about . It makes me wanna puke
Sun, that picture is awesome! Just saw it.
Music is well said to be the speech of angels. ~ Thomas Carlyle
mos def! Need entire city calming in all areas!
I did my eyebrows today.
In business you don't get what you deserve, you get what you negotiate.
design hero overload here at the moment, I'm flushed
We enjoyed Paper Flower and are excited too! Hope to see you there!
WEN U TRY TOO HARD SHIT GOES WRONG TRUTH IS I WAS SO AFRAID OF LOOSING U, I PUSHED U AWAY. I REALY BELIVED I WAS RIGHT..
I'm one of those anti-proliferation guys who hopes for a time when all nations collectively agree to reduce their use of ginger.
Pinnacle Hospital
Wow yeah cool tell me again about how Led Zep were lyrical geniuses but Nicki Minaj raps about hoes ergo music today is terrizzzzzzzzz
#FreeMusicWeekend win CD "Emotional traffic" all weekend long on #Pittsburgh. Win the 1st copy at 5:33pm!
are you coming to BEA? You are, right?
Lower high and lower low.
I know I'm slow, but... Omg! Smrt ceo resigned???? Been so busy at work I need to catch up on news!
RT : If you are interested in helping Marissa Alexander, please send your email address to
At Wesleyan University day after tomorrow. You Already know! come see me if you're in Middletown, CT!
lunch and evening...
Students are here. Let it rain!
lot's of people! But we always have a good after party amd it is right up the road.
Oh snap no wonder ppl lik Vicodin soo much :D
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098> RT : I haven't purchased this many magazines since J14 has Backstreet Boys on the cover! Love you !!!
at night when the dogs get going, so do the donkeys... guard donkeys??
Wrapping up promotional video compilation for iiMod Program...will post to Youtube & Teacher Tube....stay tuned.
and he is the biggest proponent of payday lenders.
Yeah. You've been quieter :).
Is there anything better than #golfing in #Scottsdale? It's truly a paradise out here!
gonna need you to submit info to have you approved to participate...holla. will be in the building
ok that's fine
Drake is the new and better Chris Brown .
thanks for the MT. Happy holidays !
I will be visiting Mom today and then off to Hofstra to see the basketball team play UNC Wilmington
pm or am, I'm confused :) I'll try to!
Thank you to St. William Parish in Waukesha for their recent grant! The ALC is so very blessed.
Looking to implement Mike Dunlap's system. Do you have this system information for full implementation?
dirty rice
very true about the lineups.
Just found out I have high blood pressure...
Iol ok I will did u like it haha u were in it THT whole first part haha
I'm excited for ASB next year :-D
Just got invited to Cancun by one of my loves! I ACCEPT!
yeah, it's a pretty sweet concept.
some changes fina take place, even if i have to go thru hell
if Spo had any sense you'd get it back in your mailbox stamped 'return to sender'... Jones can shoot but has to be WIDE open
you are so cute!! Thankyou!! I'm back to Aus in 1 month, we MUST catch up :) I love ur tweets u inspire me love x
Tighten Up
i followed you can you follow me back??
I took the kiddies to a playground. What are you doing to soak up the vitamin D?
Your love is a one in a million , it goes on and on and on.
I never saw you guys! :'(
Day two of leaving my glasses at home. I still refuse to bump the font size up
i dont tweet much but now i am trust me
follow me so i can dm you
she already knows. Haha dude I'm gonna have you peeing yourself. Just wait lol we are gonna be crazy
And I want a Nissan 370z nismo but I don't got one lol
Can I get an RT for "Colder Weather" co-writer, #levilowrey, please?
I'm good with any of those three.. Wherever we go will be a blast mark0
Hey hey heyy
now addressing the media live on ESPN.
I'm not interested in myself per se. I'm interested in myself as theme carrier, as host. - David Shields
People say "yeah fuck school" but once its summer they say "fuck i have nothing to do"
I love having fiestas in Spanish! Mexican hat dance! Haha
We want to see you up on our Prime Rib Wall of Fame ! Enjoy your dinner tonight!
what makes you think he's had sex yet?
Life is too short to waste. Dreams are fulfilled only through action, not through endless planning to take action. David Schwartz
I wish my gf would cheer up:/
Any word on if is coming back together yet?
Excuse me, but you have a little people on your forehead.
Any of my followers in Wichita, Ks? Going there at end of month. One of the few places in US I have not been before.
Thanks for the mention.
Carmo is great but closed Mondays. We're heading to Back to the Garden on Howard
Hopefully he can bounce back.. He's still young and talented, but he's not helping the team at all right now
San Diego says Thanks for Poised Creation!
Who wants to text?(:
Aw aw, I love you guys.
My brother just asked his girlfriend to marry him... :o Not sure how to feel about this quite yet..
RT : Help wish Columbus a happy 200th birthday at the OHIOCENTRIC reception today at , 1-3 pm....
Grabbed the last Mexican Coke at Taco Shack. It's gonna be a good day.
THAT one!
Loving all the throw pillows on
Five day forecast... Hockey, hockey, hockey, hockey, rain.
Ref shackled that nigga up lhh
Hey I seen ya earlier conversation, yo we on tv today doe, it's not one of them online games only
I think the Packer tweeters are grooming a new fan with
I enjoy it. A bit over-the-top and way too many monologues but it's really fun to watch.
90? And humid too, I'm sure. Blech. Hoping it's just tomorrow and not the whole week...
Looking forward to Learning from Leaders w/Messmer Catholic Schools President & Board Director, Brother Bob Smith.
I can't mess wit ha kind
yeah. All I can think about is making a fire and get cozy.
We're going to feature some brand spanking new Mother's Day deals this week! Stay tuned.
I'll be your friend! :)
"Of Rice and Men" - Edible tales not accepted by Pearson.
I hate having to watch people struggle on stage. Worst feeling ever.
I am now, but would love you more if I could easily pin what I like, not just re-pin what you think I should.
We need more on TV......Where has our Karn gone?
Props to & ! Kickin it with and a bunch of other cool peeps.
following you, brother
Wherever you are, I hope you're having as beautiful a morning as we are here in Austin. It's good to be home after a week of travel. :-)
Reading ramona and beezus to the kid. I think now she understands why I named our dog Beatrice.
I know youu don't Haa.
Hi Anthony - you can! Just log in to 1000memories.com with your same username and you can edit all of those things post-uploading.
I understand. It's ruff in the bluff! Lol
I really hate you
happy thanksgiving chad! xo
“: Sometimes you need to stop over thinking things & just follow your heart.”
Proud to say I have as one of my idols..he's one truly amazing person..my 11:11 wish is that he'd notice me one day :( <33
You were off. Was for a message to my little brother about the Oreo Line congratulating him on breeding. Only pic I had.
Pesky "life bumps"kept me from reading Pigtail book when I first got it but I finished it last night-Loved it-Many Thanks!
I should unfollow you for that terrible tweet.
I appreciate it!
Ron, pivotal point
Mutual! I always enjoy people FROM Minneapolis at an away conference.
"No clue. I was hammered" is the most annoying & cowardly explanation of an ambiguous drunk text.
yea but now it's time for some sleep!!! Goodnight! :D
you have a fan!!! RT I just met your husband at the #bestofmkeweb. Super nice guy! :)
Is my silly gf. And she is being a poop face :/
If you don't see me on here constantly, it's because I'm busy being successful.
The American Dream is being able to follow your own personal calling. To be able to do what you want to do is incredible freedom. - Maya Lin
Congrats to Everest Agency for making the TBJ Top Graphic Design Firms in Raleigh! You are a great creative force.
Wow. Beautiful designs. Nice work!
which half?
Happy Valentines Day love ya.?ur da cuttest adorable puppy ever.
totally trying out ubuntu right now!! and loving it.
's solo exhibit at the Image Box Gallery 4933 Penn Ave. Tomorrow 6-10pm , ,
I'm watching kendra reruns
Everyone should get a friend who stutters."Hey Arik you want to ch-ch-chill?" as long as you keep bringing those beats yeah.
Watching conversation but on the road. Know there has been discussion, can't put finger on it right now
Team Adam ;D
go rt austin's last tweet
I WAS SINGING #SaySomethin ON THE BUS TODAY! EVERYONE WAS LOOKING AT ME :'D I MADE THE SONG FAMOUS ON MY BUS! YOUR WELCOME ;)
Boozer ass be funny as hell during the games. Just be shouting some off the wall shit.
yea, thank you!<3
I only like the plain ones :)
Say what you will, 'tis better to be left than never to have been loved
Somebody say - Jesus!
nice . Would you be interested in working on some tracks . Please DM me
just clicked on a negative ad attacking Dem Gov Tomblin by the Republican Governors on towleroad.com
4. Think Judge Evans's 3rd-factor analysis most problematic. Not just hard upper limit (weirdly, talked abt as if fac could have known)
thank you!
Can't wait to see you at lunch tomorrow! Let's see if you really check Twitter. :)
so true!!
Schools almost out. Quick year
waiting in line to get great taste of the Midwest (beer fest) tickets.
Hey Twitter! Thank you guys for the follows and I will try to follow you back so hold on tight! And Happy Halloween!!!
i don't think about it.<U+2665>
The stupidest law ever passed here. I thought it was supposed to be used for people passed out in doorways and shit.
#whosgonnalose - Ohio State v Oregon - Ohio State will lose
LOL lies nigga i seen u with your shirt tied up bahahaha
damnn salad n sum coronas for breakfast jammin that crew love :)
A post on scary? I can do that. :)
Check on very positive trainer
No, no. A bunch of us are discussing like/dislike of olives. Slow Twitter day.
I just slipped on ice and i think i keyed my car. We'll see in the morning.
Saw some cool space capsules today...wish our space program had an operational vehicle right now
How far do you think the packers will go into the post season???
strange, I've never heard of it. I might check it out then.
He's a good guy in other ways, but we don't get along particularly well.
WOAH, bad auto correct.. Supposed to be PAID, not laid.. Not that they have anything to do with each other.
Yes!! So great! RT So much twitter love from the fans and supporters of and - very cool!
alright, i'll tell em tomorrow.
Starting this lovely work day with a little bit of STRESS!!! Not what I need!!! 4PM!!!
Keep an eye out for your doppelgänger... today is National Look Alike Day! Not to over shadow 420 or anything.
ok, I'll "help" - tell them to put something in your drink.... U won't feel a thing...
thanks man
did you see that is going to hae a summer tour!!
I've always wanted one of those!
AWESOME VANILLA scented MELON soup...
Slides are about illustrations and blackboards explain relationships. So, use Prezi.
we coming for you tonight. Knick city baby!
COOL Cute Tho (:
Vision without action is daydreaming and action without vision is a nightmare. – Anon
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground. - Theodore Roosevelt
Join us tonight for Lori Michaels in our Black Diamond Lounge! 8:30p-11:00p
Thanks You! I'm glad you like it <3 & I'm fine & youu? :)
please tell me your secret to eating all day and gaining NO WEIGHT AT ALL. I need to know your secret.
Cures the day my big sis became a directoner
Here we go!
Getting lotion all in your mouth
I wish would see all my amazing pick up lines :|
#FF for all you auto repair needs.
Heh, #vmas? That's the most music shows all year!
R.I.P Whitney Houston a true diva
All I know is we would've won at home, most def.
poo holes needs to mind his own f**king business!
good morning #Bestie!! I'm doing great, 1st day off, got some errands to run then relax time. You stay on your grind.
GETTIN READY TO GET OUT SO I CAN GO IN.... READY FOR WHAT EVA!!!!! IF YU STAY READY YU AINT GOTTA GET READYZ
spruce street
You grew up way to fast and now there's nothing to believe and reruns all become our history
Clearly they are both plotting your demise. I say deploy the liquid nitrogen, stat.
totally obsessed with Grace Under Fire
#FF Thanks Norma! You too. Any plans ?
Tonight volunteers up their game in preparation for May 19th opening. Thks to #Carmel City Councilor Ron Carter Market Master for 14 years
Hopefully I cut chops a little more evenly than sideburns!
next time then. You gonna be around Saturday?
Thanks for the lovely tweet yesterday! :)
I follow because they care about the music and fans more then money and fame. They are a band who deseves to be followed.
MD Food Bank posted a link on our facebook wall w/info on how u can win the opportunity 2 throw the first pitch at our 7/15 #Orioles game
Just made my first personal training appointment in years! Congratulate me on my effort, hey?
I'm a little nervous how much attention Siri gets from me even with voice commands.
just wondering how pumped is right now that the stock market is up
Just finished a day of 10 hours on the phone. What was your day like?
Randy on "high-impact practices," both inside and outside the formal classroom. Students doing things that matter to them.
Tom! It is Bob Hawkins. Call me at 619-994-0848 asap! Re: our Q&A. Thanks
our wedding is the 30th (:
I was passing the blunt. Then I thought 2 myself (out loud)... what's Jesus grandma name?
true!! Tysons is just a war zone. :/
please follow to learn about our job opps. and to discuss relevant recruiting info & job search tips :)
If they're being truthful, the ads were run as filler, and Geico didn't pay Limbaugh's show any money. Hope that's right.
Spoken like a Californian! (Unprofitable&unoccupied houses are very common in depressed/depopulated rural areas too.)
When you tell me I'm a wreck, you say that I'm a mess. How could you expect anything less?
In the end, I'm just a fucked up kid.
Everyone has a chance of winning...
Orthodontist went well!
i love you more Kat! <3 ill forever be ur guardian Angel ill have ur back forever<33333
Twitter the only place people can be out of character.
Delicious Licks are #prepackaged, #premixed, and #portable #cocktails. A party made delicious!
GM4L is always open to business and positivity. helping CHANGE THE WORLD WITH Fashionista Mag Beauty
<3 Google calendar! Imported schedule to determine when to avoid I-5! Other calendar->Browse Interesting Calendars->Sports
Believe to achieve
You really just need to go ahead and come work for us. :)
I have one of those names that everyone needs to say my whole first&last name every time they see me lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
hahaha this was a continuation of my nightly tweets. I was still up making suggestive tweets at 6am lol.
Hello all!
and = Women who love sports.
just followed (:
Hi Hyejung, where is your practice located? Great to see you on twitter. I just started myself :)
In drama there can be a good deal of comedy.
miss you on facebook.
the moment of joy you get when you find out one of your favorite youtubers like minecraft :D
Antoinette?!? That's a petty awesome middle name!
#FF to one of our newest epic cookie locations.... on Pike St!
- alright, maybe a glass of wine or two before I leave for the hair appointment would do the trick
I've been detouring through the city to avoid I-94 construction. Makes the commute predictable, and it's fun to see the kids going to school
sure why not P:
has it turned any Egyptians away from democracy? I know ours do for me.
I'm so tired from a lack of sleep lately but man I picked the right night to stay up! Brauny on fire!
Its sad when you look around and you realize dont nobody gaf about nobody but theirselves
lmao my nigga said the i'm broke face
then you're going to need to pay me double.
RT : Register now for a free #HBRwebinar on 5/2. will share his leadership lessons from
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mom's out there!!
(Reminder) ^_^ "adsfoj: Eat better. Floss your teeth. Stay fit. Be sexy...."
Aight Juniors lets kill this EOC!
I'm looking forward to this!
Miami Dolphins 2012 NFL Draft: Building Toward New-Look West Coast Offense
You're just in time for the upcoming Early Bird Draw! You could end up extra lucky!
Pieces of my mind Scattered about in the dark Sickness raping me #haiku 1
Not sure... Do you mean a streaming link?
thank you sweetheart
And that she would be the queen of L.A.
Congrats to for winning a #PRNewsCSR award yesterday with our client HanesBrands for the Green for Good program!
Thanks! I try not to make a fool of myself out there. Some people act like it is the World Cup Final out there.
Good luck on your final! Sushi was a good study choice :)
join the club *everybody's getting dumped*, it seems like nobody really feels like dating the same person long, anymore.
So excited for the opening of LA on Friday. Who's coming with me to see kill it behind the bar?
I miss that dead bug
RT : Mayor announces free metered Parking every Sat after 11am to Xmas
please write in to if you haven't already; need more bandwidth & we don't monitor twitter as closely
First Preview of Cloudlands Sunday 2pm. South Coast Repertory. Come one , come all!
chill hold on ha lemme get home first:p
Nothing like family unity! Loving families have the guts to have compassionate hearts. More need it!
Status? Is he ok? RT : Yosvany was involved in the crash! ;(
It's heating up in #sandiego ! Such a great day to live near the beach.
herb dean is obviously the epitome, find me another good one.
I may not get 2 fixing up the changes to the blog that were not intentional. Was trying to change the layout not colors, but writing.
missing my grandson...ah shucks..Nana needs a break, but when they gone..its sadness..lol
It's beginning to look like the server has been misconfigured or possibly corrupted.
I know he wouldn't..unless he lost a steel cage loser leave town match
Overall transport time for emergency medical calls increased by avg 5 min 11 sec in wards impacted by Huron closing.
Tons of people all over downtown DC still standing on street corners hoping for one more #discovery fly-over. #SpottheShuttle was awesome!
what am I supposed to say when I'm all choked up and you're okay?
He who leaves nothing to chance will do few things poorly, but he will do few things. -Edward F. Halifax
outcome numbers from summer programs at firms
LIFE WOULD BE BETTER if we really believed...
rest of bad qirls club, fantasy factory , then bed <3
im not making it a big deal, you keep saying shit.. stay out of it. damn
From another Max, consider me waiting. And corrected.
Rize of the Fenix by Tenacious D is the greatest album so far this year
any time!
Next: "Education across Virtual Worlds: A Case Study," A conversation with Audrey Aronowsky of the Field Museum of Chicago
The patios have opened early around Columbus. Where is your favorite place to go have a cocktail or grab some grub after work?
Achievemnt in Film Editing... Girl with the Dragon Tattoo! Hell Yes!
Happy New Year!
cataloged "The Ring & the Cross: Christianity & the Lord of the Rings" Can't wait to read how the Entwives are the spiritual core of LOTR!
My teacher called me a hoodlum. I win
oh eez okay i understands.
Me n my nigga just fucked da city up n da drop
Coffee? RT : Nice to hear what the #Cherrywood baristas are giving up for lent.
Me too.:( Large project took over my plan to go. I know we will meet though!
Too much time in the airport leads to excessive tweeting.
Well long day and I see everyone is still ticking!! Nite!
oh no! feel better i love you(:
skittles and rainbows, wow! Lol
Can we just get to the winner? #thevoice then the singing can carry on
He's as relaxed as Santorum's anus. -
We do not have to romanticize our past in order to be aware of how it seeds our present ~ Audre Lorde |
Hey Wonderful Burgerville fans...Hawthorne BV is now open till 11pm in the dining room and midnight in the drive thru...come by and say hi!
Watching #swsa Howl-O-Scream rehearsals.
Same ole shit just a different day <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0085>
you won't bc the world hates you.
Rainy day bingo: see an umbrella get turned inside-out. Check.
Sunday, see a best-of selection of steampunk shorts in Seattle, 5pm at as the Marvelous Meandering Cinema Salon tour kicks off.
Thnx 4 a great time at #2012PSS . It was a blast hangin with my #GIS brothers.
#NorthCarolina... Shame on you.
In this case, "snobs" would be defined as people who like to have a better chance of getting a job and higher pay.
I've been kinda busy, haven't really thought about it. And I don't think you guys care what I'm doing at basketball camp :p
VISITORS HAVE AN AFFIRMATIVE DUTY, AS PART OF THE CONSIDERATION FOR PERMISSION TO VIEW THIS WEBSITE, TO KEEP THEMSELVES INFORMED OF CHANGES
Collecting archaeological data sure is a lot more fun than writing about it.
Today a stranger came up to me and put a rat in my face. Interesting day in
Those are my favorite words!! :)
God damnit, why did Frank cheat on Michael?!
I was a lazy student K-12, in college, grad school, the first several years of my poker career. No longer. So many resources to learn from.
we stopped by with some of the corporate team to have an ice cold PBR
Heejun not a shock for bottom 3 on American Idol.
your welcome
Shooting with the #MkIII & #MkII side by side in a low light environment the clear winner was the #MkIII. Low light focusing is amazing!
Hello peeps
yes that is lol .. so whatsupp been a while
thanks for the follow Napa Wine Country San Francisco
I am bout to get dauged for this smoking is for women with no class
I KNOW!
CAN I TRY
RT PEOPLE SIGN THIS | Ensure that every child in America has access to an effective school library program. wh.gov/Wgd
“: If you see someone getting bullied and you laugh or you don't do anything too help than I have no respect for you.”
happy #waterwed tx! tx for the mentions!
Kid-tested, mother-approved. Or...wait.
Flat ironing this hair of mines!!!!
the ethereal-to-furious "In Memory of Elizabeth Reed" invited comparisons to John Coltrane and Miles Davis.
god only knows what went wrong and why you would leave the stage in the middle of a song
Move in move out. Hands up Hands down
It's Campus Community Day. What's happening on your campus?
if it makes you more confident I'll wear a bedazzled black tee shirt.
OMG! Sexy Sam is gone !
bye bye
I'm older than Fox is as a network.
Missin its only a matter of time baby
too bad it's so spendii
Super excited to tell you guys, we are hanging out with from this weekend. Send us questions for her!
And the paranoia sets in.
Good morning...
Come Check out our brand new dome area. with brand new mosaic in the pool
What kind of "grow off?" Challenges are so fun! :D
Thanks Kim. Looking forward to meeting you too.
Some weird stuff happened last night!
So Turns Out If I Want The Jordans , i Need To Wait Until September . #TheyTrippen .
They make a fabulous latte!: One of the best cups of coffee in town!! Check out Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!!!
Fall is tailgating time!! Make sure you are flossing after all that BBQ, popcorn, nuts, & munchies to prevent future issues!
GoodMorning!!woke up later didnt go to school
please follow me Kyle :), lots of love<3 !! #ElektroNation :D
I'm so happy that #GodofWar: Ascension is coming out!! Such a hugh fan of the series!
Red didnt get ! Staying to black.
Beautiful. Way better than football. Thanks :)
M just had ribs coleslaw and garlic bread...
Let's get some runs!
i have a "pending" sync that I can not force to update -- connected via usb, and wireless, home or at work, itunes not on, etc...
Come on boys hang on
Yay! Alexis and Tea is what I've been waiting for!!
damn that sucks son
is the magzine only going to be in texas?:D
I am #teamfollowback !
It's Friday the 13th.... anyone going to see any #scary movies tonite??? The Cabin in the Woods comes out today!!!
#ATXCouncil postponements will include the flag lot public hearing
We got vegan "chicken"!
TODAY IS THE DAY :D
We’re giving away the new 16gb iPad during the NCAA Championship game tomorrow, get here to win!
Cooler today with scattered showers through the lunch hours. Temps hold steady in the mid-upper 50's.
No...No I'm really not.
Lauren!! Would you ever consider doing an interview for a journalism student from San Diego?! =)
Face Book cleaning?
Pumped to rock out tomorrow The Clifton Heights Music Festival , even if we won't have download cards to sell yet....
Apparently I'm too secular for some of my office mates.
There is no final act of love, / but death,/ No final act of death, / but the flickering of memories / left behind in life.
Girls have been sick so we stayed home from Tampa...relaxing day/feeling better...#SeaWorld anyone?
My hubby, got new Rigid LED lights on his light up an entire City they're so bright!
OPENING NIGHT! Photo booth with iPhone photog Greg Schmigel, food, pre/post show music with Community Center! JOIN US!
im going to bed early, sue me
Dreams are for everyone, you just have to believe it <3 Keep living your dream sweetheart ! Never Give Up ! #mahomieforlife <3
now i need a manicure but i dont wana drive there; good time to threaten mom
The phones and Internet is down at work
Oh, I've got a rage that could shake down kingdoms... Good thing that was just a dream.
hey can you please send me your contact, we would like to speak to you and cannot find your agent
Finally, they broke the window and rescued the dog! 98 degrees inside the SUV. The dog is alive and Animal Control took it away.
please let me know! I miss you!!!
Lunch with my night shift babies the only ones who haven't ate yet and
Flavor tripping on ice at ING restaurant starts now. Don't miss top chef Richard Farina show off his blade skills.
Love each other. Love Crunch.
First four wins should NOT count towards a school's NCAA tournament wins. It looks like a 16 seed won a game. First four = pointless.
the one at broad or the one on front?
Everyone I Know At UTSA Spends A Good 50% Of Their Day Asleep.
Parental Control# > Since when did it exist? Moral brainwashing or lack of parenting
Great Christmas!
DUDE. FOLLOW BACK!
Library GRIND BOLD flavor is Mexico Kulaktik.
I haven't quite heard it. Is ur set tonight after 10 pm?
CanNOT believe I'm saying this out loud, but I NEED A FUCKING VACATION FROM MY WEEKEND!! (i know, *i* don't get it, either)
Yikes! I once did an apt bld in NYC...no idea how many prominent people were there (neither did they), over 300 pages!
Taking it one step at a time. I'm just happy I can see the staircase.
at least is here to try to salvage this monstrosity
hahaha and your teams rings!
Burres shows a kink in the armor...get the guy some runs Buccos!
thanks for sharing that with me ;) now i want one
pleaze watch our video on youtube ..Above The Natural-she left me too..Dreams are possible and thats what we want to prove!!
If you are a dog and your owner suggests that you wear a sweater suggest that he wear a tail. Fran Lebowitz
fuck the heat. I swear bosh looks like a Avatar
Our Apache Tomcat 7.0.26 has a hairball. (Resource not found)
#nowplaying The beautiful people,I will always love you , noma noma ay , Family guy theme song , Its my dick in a box. #where MY HEAD.
Isn't chastising Mary J. Blige the real ignorance that's reinforcing the outdated stereotype. WHO THE FUCK DOESN'T LIKE FRIED CHICKEN????
#inspired by leaders like #visionconf always good to hear about innovative project all over the country!
The Saints did, great game! Looking forward to next season now...
why hello Bitterblue, it's very nice to see you.
Sister comment on 'do w/baby's breath: It's good not to have nomadic tribes of flowers wandering through your hair.
Nothing has ever made me ashamed to be a comics/video game nerd except other comics/game nerds' behavior. Too much sexism, hate, idiocy.
11:11 and Say Somethin are absolutely amazing. I can't wait for new music. :)
Impatiently Waiting On What He Has To Say.
RT #Daniel: I've about given up on finding a job; no one wants to hire someone without experience yet I can't get any if I don't get a job!
its great isn't it ;-)
: don't melt your brain! Looking forward to reading your blog post! Yay #musetech!
Really? Knew it would happen lol
Knicks and Heat were big rivals in the 90's with players like Ewing, Starks, Alonzo Mourning, PJ Brown, Tim Hardaway and etc
What are YOU doing to get better TODAY???
It is meaningless, but it is fun to have over 1M SiteMeter visits and over 2M SiteMeter page views on the FNP blogs.
Happy Friday!
I'm back at work. The play last night was GREAT! My son did an awesome job! Can't wait to get home, because I've been gone for 3 days ...
#GWU in the last five minutes somebody won an iPod nano and another one tickets to the nationals.
taxes. done son. see you next year, same bat channel.
Part of the show's goal is to show that everyone will eventually deal with a disability - either personally or through family
at the airport...tempted stare at someone and say, 'don't get on the flight' and then walk away
Tents are all down.
can you deliver one to my house? lol
Sprinting in heels... probably not the best decision I've ever made.
Me too. I heard it's wicked awesome.
Thanking the big man above for waking me up this morning
living for the now, treating every day like the start of a New Year...I'm going strong
Y'all should play Road Trip Bingo: Late Night Edition (or something along those lines) to keep your mind off the roads : )
The Cleveland Cavaliers are hosting the Chicago Bulls tomorrow at the Quicken Loans Arena. Buy your tickets today by calling 888-493-0004
I am in this commercial and we have 8 more on the site so check it out and vote and view it so we can win our fame in the superbowl!!!
Atlantic city then Tampa :)
Can you please follow me back(:?
Best. Therapy. Session. Ever.
why do people insist on wasting maa time?
Ladies even though it may be cold out keeping up on waxing is essential, so by the time summer rolls back around you will be ready!
congratulations ! you deserve more :) <U+2665>
3 good games today my pics, kentucky, north carolina, okc over the heat! Glued to the tube today yeessssss
#ILikeYouButNotEnoughTo date you
You're awesome, lady! Feel better!!
Do any of the boyz wanna be back on ABDC? Shoutout to Idella
I MISSED U TO BIG HEAD... WHERE U BEEN HIDING? ?? (QUESTION OF THE DAY)
wonder how Andy feels now? Another close-up game??
Exactly 70 more days til i'm on a flight to LONDON
It's a grind man we'll get to the top tho RT : thanks bro, ill be up all night draft work haha
RT : Wow - trains their staff on life skills, not just work skills. Happy staff = happy customers.
#Medeco training class - so there's 2 questions for you to think about. Done with break. Back to class. Next break in about an hour.
Days on Flame & side projects on Nuke is like a shoe swap mid-run & then running a different goddam route. "Where am I? My nipples hurt."
I knew you was gonna like him lol
I wanna see this OKC game Lowkey.
Bouta go comb this shit & put some lotion on my feet.
Taco Thursday has devolved into tantrum Thursday. I had to leave the table.
I bet I know who it was
Veggie Burgers are AMAZING!!<3
I love you so much.
How do I teach my children that opinions are like a$$holes without cursing? It just doesn't have the same pizzazz.
go Dolphins!! :)
you should let your paying customers know via Twitter what is going on and why your site is down and why no one can stream...
think about it this way....all net proceeds go to scholarships for kids pursuing an education in communications and social media!
Dinah Lenney is amazing! I was enthralled
We will RT our next 10 followers who say something nice for us =) ready.. GO!
Yes! RT : Twitter says we have reached our Tweet limit for the day. This is a workaround test. Did it work?
I had some fantastic Vietnamese sandwiches for Lunch. Something about pickled carrots, cucumbers, cilantro, mayo, pate and bbq pork.
What is your best method of memorizing copy? Sides?
we were so glad that you came!
A Tech Entrepreneur Hires People Who Fit The Culture - Investor's Business Daily
was there a lot of like scene kids :p
we're not playing phone tag today lol
"I will always love you Whitney"-Bobby Brown
and I love you !!(: We'll just start our own club !!
madison I'm leaving the states today /: heading back to Canada): but hopefully I'll meet you some day?? #BoyzHitCanada ?c,:
Feel so lonely in class smh
Labor Day was made a federal holiday in 1894..Happy Labor Day everyone!
EXACTLY!! LIKE THEY DON'T UNDERSTAND HOW IMPORTANT SOME ARTISTS ARE TO US. THAT ANNOYS ME SO MUCH
Can't get a win this weekend #effword :(
ACT here i come
Meant to say 1 foot. Still snowing, but forecast is rain which is good, unless temp doesn't start moving, then its real bad.
now I'm #nowplaying la dispute.
I wont be put down, I wont be shackled. I wont be held back, I wont be tackled. I wont be locked up, I wont be thrown out.
Monday night TV season finales = AGT offline for the next few hours...
looking forward to Jack sharing his expertise on color and Happy VDay back
separated myself from a really unsavory office mate. yay!
Good morning Staten ... NYC ... Planet Earth ... Aliens
Theres always somebody for you.
it's hard not to take pics of your food there.
STOPPPit...she's so cute. I want to steal her.
Better than Jordan? Wow RT : In my opinion, Magic Johnson is the GOAT.
Making my triumphant return to Toni's Moody Blues. The last time I went there, I walked 4 miles in the wrong direction. I was moody, blue.
Omg I've been waiting for you to put this cover up :D
I just bought my toddler a potty seat and underwear. Not ready for this. And that's all the potty talk I'll ever do. Promise.
#edcampis session about flipping the language classroom -and the need to embed interactivity & feedback in out of class work
Repping at study abroad fairs in Maine this week. Today's and tomorrow!
FREE CHI ALI!!!
hardy beat angle with a Swanton from the top of the cage. Gail beat Velvet. Crimson beat morgan. coming up Storm vs. Roode.
okay.. maybe I'm a little gay.. For you guys. ;)
Just invited you guys to a G+ hangout. Join when available! :)
OH SNAP! THAT'S AWESOME.
Thrilled for a wonderful Thanksgiving with close family and old friends. Grateful for health, love and joy in our lives.
I just had a waffle for a midafternoon snack. What awesomeness is this?
Maybe I just didn't notice it previously, but it sure seems like a lot of 2012 releases are using Glockenspiel to great effect.
that's lame. I created one the other day for my site- have published yet but still. How's life?
This Chris Bosh is going to save the Heat from making a trade next year. The experiment of the Big 3 will last another year. Mark it down
I'm waiting for Baez to suggest that her father or brother was the father of Caylee.
I think it could be fun discussing which conversation option to pick with friends, not just running and gunning together.
Hello and Please follow. We need to DM a question re: a technical difficulty with Twitter.
Yesterday was awesome! So happy for #Bubba. Amazing pine straw around the trees hook shot! WHA??!!
I remember you wanted everything from me and once you did you left me just like that.
I hate projects :P
how did things go at your open house?
follow hes new to twitter.
twitter gangster..
Spending the day w/ Heather getting last min projects & things done because she is having her baby TONIGHT :)
Thanks! RT hey nice tunes and web page!!!
RT ": #MentionTo your favorite band ever."
Congrats on being in the top 10 baseball players by !! See you 4/13 for an awesome 2012 beginning
Maintenance on the site is complete! This would be a GREAT time to submit your pics like you've always thought about
No Starbucks in PHL airport, so settling for dunkin doughnuts instead.
RIP Heavy D. I can't take anymore deaths!
This is not a drive by-y-y-y-y
Why do they make you set an appointment time at the doctor if you don't get in til an hour later? Just really chaps my ass.
OMG I LOVE BELIEBERS :) I LOVE OUR FAMILY <3
Scaring white people >>>>>>
some kinda bizarre mojito/margarita Mashup at a joint in Austin. D E L I C I O U S.
At pianos n stuff in pittsburgh! Anyone else hyped for march madness?
too dark.
natural > fake
Bummer. Maybe the All-Army one then.
Most indulgent thing I've done at work is fan myself with hundred dollar bills Unfortunately it's not mine :(
For years my wife and I were the happiest people around. Then wet met...
aw, lonely!
What is a library without librarians? A stack of books.
Very cute!! Looks like you had lots of fun!
Well good morning my sexual beauties.
Awesome time at publix with my boo <3
Haven't Talked To My Bro Today!
I'm older than you and I've only been driving for a month.
I agree. The only way to combat it is a completely enclosed chicken run. Which is depressing too. But maybe necessary
thank you!!!
all i want is you, thats why i get so frustrated cuz ur not mine, and i want you more than anything.
I'm no lady but Biotin works for that also strengthens your nails and hair lol
Laker's got owned!!
moral of this story: i'm not classy & also not good at being a starving writer. re-thinking law school every damn day.
And now for something completely different...
RT : So Queens has a mascot named Rex The Lion, That cowardly lion has nothing on Bullie
for most in america marriages is nothing more than dating w/perks but no permanence...
And the world is right in its axis!
Try to imagine a famous witty saying that is not immediately clear
I'm excited for you guys ...un like me mines still to come ..but I'm really,proud don't up
"Unlimited music w/ Woodstock is better than iTunes Music Match!" True, but you can NEVER get hipsters a free Microsoft Live ID to try it.
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy Usher was 'Yeah!' And I was like ooh, swagg.
Good work! sorry for the unfollow but twitter limits. Keep up the good work!
This is the second time in just six months that a teacher from Hudson's Bay has died in a tragic accident
Smile. It's contagious!
First rave! RT : Just ushered & saw the new musical First Date It's pretty awesome I highly suggest you go see it
agreed. I went and blew some dough on vinyl instead.
well, yes. And the city haha :)
my friends going away party at much more.
In Pitt for the game but apparently Big Ben is having his wedding today as well
was kicked out of TP for shooting w/o a permit...after she drank beer at the style shoot.
We're expecting the Space Shuttle Enterprise to fly by headquarters in a few minutes now
Sometimes I try to fall back asleep when I wake up from a good dream hoping that I can finish it.
Newt's warts are carcinogenic.
Hey just wanted to ask if you could help us the likes up on our Water Music Facebook page since were posting Natasha Pics up??
EarthLink giving away iPad 2 at tonight's first Tuesdays FREE drinks & food. 330 Monroe
I'm sending a :) because I can't formulate anything cohesive.
going to have these last 8 papers done by 2 pm no matter what. this just needs to be finished.
He said 'more ketchup' too. Then rubbed it in his eye. It was 'prescious.'...
you the one who drive, you pick me up dawg
Modeling context in RDF—runs into the same problems that Willard McCarty has previously discussed for XML markup
LMAO! #oomf thinks im dumb I was born at night but not last night boo boo...try again smh!
That moment on exam day when you realize you recognize less than half the people there. Haha
My story on is on page 8 of the today. Check it out in print.
Here's to the ICONiacz that were there to witness the first step foot on the ABDC stage and have been an ICONiac ever since...
Oh wait, that might have not been It might have been someone BATTLING BEASTIE BOYS.
So wonderful to see the beautiful, excellent, AWESOME female :D Mish, I love you so much! - ANG ;)
my birthday is in a few days and it would mean alot if you tweeted me!
Ooh, and don't forget your admission ticket!!
lesson learned
If I valued having my nose buried in a smartphone & sending sepia-toned pics of stuff all the time, yes, it would make sense.
One change affecting our universities today: a shift in considering higher ed a public good to expecting it as an individual right.
Will we see this type of tournament again? RT On this date 1 year ago, no team that reached the Final 4 was ranked in top 15 of either poll
an hour - thats a great sign!! fingers crossed here 2!
About to smoke and vibe out before work, though. I think I'm gonna go in there and just beast. Maybe.
"Do you wanna go do karate in the garage?"
Make sure your "Happy New Year" celebration includes us!
# Team goofy
Tuesday night in #PDX. Who has the best #HappyHour? www.broadwaycab.com
Teen witch!!
you can just say it on here
Here we go ... would you like to eat some (4) lobsters with me? then ill buy you a pet turtle
I wasn't saying it directly to you, I was tweeting. You have to understand there's a history of rivalry between the two teams..
Good morning to all I am the highly sexual, fun loving, and very open minded Miss Sasha - a stunning Russian Escort in London available f
Girl , ya lien
Inspiring week in NYC at #opengov partnership and #strataconf. Get ready for an avalanche of #opendata from lots of countries!
LOL IM GETIN READY TO MOVE....
follow me? please )':
LOL with you when that guy didn't know his own dog!! Someone revoke his dog ownership privileges!!
Outfit theme for tonight: aztec goddess
Skim Milk!!!!
At least your professors actually put up grades this year...
#Teachers come see us on Saturday to enter the #bike giveaway from ! We're excited that 1 lucky class will win a set of bikes!
PLEASE RT this....u think u have the best fans ever
"the best weapon against an enemy...is another enemy". - Nietzsche I prefer "best weapon against an enemy make them ur friend"
oh really
ok pretty chicky(:
You always get out of life what you put in... Remember that.
Lol keep liking my shit that's the only interaction I'll ever wanna have with you again
I shall do the azonto on stage RT : Yay!! Congrats, dear! And, on that stage, hear #Africa applauding! ;-)”
"dick in a buuutttttt" - The Weeknd
oh god. sounds like mine.
Rage practice this Thursday. Let's keep building on the momentum we got going.
loved your link
Will you have game audio on for the Butler vs. Florida game?
Great to have you here and did a FAB job didn't she? Look forward to seeing your vids!
“: Just high-fived that wall with my face.”
“: Let it go, bruh... #turnthepage” no doubt!” I'm with chub1! Move forward! Year Of The Comeback
Can everyone help me get more followers? Thanks guys!
Staying in town for Thanksgiving?
ill do more than cheer for you.
thanks for the follow,
hey jasmine!
That's also why being gay is a great thing, because I can choose when I want children.
Damn clippers aint got shit on spurs.
time to bottle my mead
Back to the tragedy that is Obama's insistence on leveling the playing field, European style ~ sink us to the lowest denominator!
RT : Saving my pennies in a jar for ALA this summer after reading so much about the awesome that was
Ok. It was 4 loses, but still.
Funny, I just posted this link about 10 seconds after you!
thanks for intel.
haha yeah I know!! I cant stand them!! I am so glad that I am the only directioner at my school. :)
Madonnas performance is kinda boring!
Good planning!
im 16 and im not afraid to grow up cas i will grow up with you and all #19miliions beliebers
ok have to go training with my mom too #laters wolf girl
happy birthday!
I'll keep him in my thoughts and prayers!
EP13s, group 14 - Charles Garten and Jessica Klein talk about food deserts right here in DC, where hunger is a norm 1 in 8 households hungry
wow, fun! enjoy yourself.
i want it to be friday already! ^_^
I was always a dreamer, in childhood especially
UPDATE.. jus over heard a"wow this is awesome i got a free butterfinger!. this never happens to me!" as unknown girl passes by. son of a!
Hey everybody!!!!! What it do?!
awesome! We were together a week ago in New Orleans. It was great.
It's like I'm walking on sunshine.
Little late on this Bo Ryan-Uthoff drama, but it's pretty common to ban upcoming opponents to transfers. Entire ACC is potential opponent.
You finally shook all the excuses and started pushin' weight yet? #ImStayinSwo ahahahahah
follow back please
I'm so depressing. I'd unfollowed myself of I could.
I have a raccoon situation. strategizing on how to instagram this.
Just in case you were wondering if there was a stud you could follow today there is! His name is
tell your mom i said happy mothers day<3
Such a simple, yet smart idea: , which launches today, makes group gifts more fun/less annoying: bit.ly/q5yTEv (via fastcompany)
RT seek and you shall find, i tell you.
Sounds like my world. My beautiful wife has had chronic pain for more than a decade.
Didn't take my own advice, forgot extra flash battery. Had to use LCD manual focus & click out to shoot. Images were clear.
I know, you were the smallest thing ever!
So i filled out my ncaa lax brackett today ND vs Johns Hopkins in the final. Irish bring home the hardware #believe it
Ha, what's the point...
I'm debating working from home, but all signs SAY I should be fine in my commute & such...we'll see how it goes...
Your collection is truly one of kind. I think I just found my new obsession. And there's just 1 word to describe it "waow".
“: He can and He will! preaching this morn!”
I'm looking for a recommendation for a web programmer experienced in a shopping cart service called Elavon. Anyone?
topic specific sites like nasioc.com
After a long hiatus from twitter, we actually have some thing interesting going on. Michelle Bernard speaking at the Strathmore Mansion.
H.O.P.E. Hold on, pain ends.
Perils of "service" MT : Bth cultural & institutional. How do you deal w/ tenured faculty if u don't have privilege of tenure?
#florist flowers really do say: thinking of you
lol - if only, it's a "My Little Pony" fanboy - which for the record IS TOTALLY FINE.
awww you cant? ): im sorry and im in row 6...i think theyre only 30 bucks
I do it all the time. Unfortunately that means my name is "Jessuca"
pretty sure any chance is already over.
I missed you! I am off to St. Louis for my boys graduation. Thanks for checking in! Love Rochelle xoxo
He undress me with his eyes when am gettin dressed...Ha!!!
S/O to the person that just went WHOOP WHOOP outside my house
Hm...we do too! RT : hm I prefer zombie movies...
Please rule confirm that catch
I tried Narragansett Cream Ale. A pleasant malty and grainy character with a light bitterness at the end. Decent beer.
You in Austin? Have fun, be safe.
At Universal with the coolest people ever! , , and We're ready to partaay.
Batting cages && driving lessons today?! Hell Yea <3 ^-^
We will continue to do our very Best to serve Atlanta people to live in a bugs-free Home ... tinyurl.com/yelv6qq
: come up whenever ur ready to get balled on
I'd like to think so :)
hey how u been girl(:
Loaf Rein O'er Me
Kiernan McMullan, Juneau, Fighting Aurora, Kyle Scidmore at the The Project Lodge TONIGHT! Tickets will be available at the door!
Complete BULL&$@# that UK-UL is the EARLY game! Do they really think KU-OSU is gonna be the marquis game? Stupid move.
A number of us were saddened to that those at #MW10 didn't do those who went to #ALA09 proud and carry on fine tradition of snarky tweeting.
yes, i have :3
Top place you don't want to be when you're a seal? Open water.
Don't forget that tomorrow is Kid's Day. All kids under 12 get in free!
So will I, just making a suggestion.
Yes, yes I would. Now find me the man who has the cojones to do it with me ;) No geeks!
some stuff I'm reading from others with similar errors suggest that the owner of the file is not right or the path may be wrong
i gotta keep my head up!
tired home tryig to get jeydon to read my thing
do you even celebrate Thanksgiving???
You need to snap out of it, to many interested people around for that, let bigones be and let's chat about..
I want to win a #SnackAttack from this afternoon!
not I “: how many people wake up happy to go to work like me, cause they love what they do?....”
Good judgment comes from experience, and often experience comes from bad judgment
Patent trolls companies collect patents with broad applications and make infringement legal claims to get customers
Its sad now...& Shaunie should be ashamed at the direction of this show & its portrayal of Minority Women. SADD!
Okay! Let's get to work, people! (rolls chair over to coffee pot...)
gotta love it when the google adwords interface crashes inside google chrome
The Chalumeau goals were simple. To promote music making at an early stage and to equip pupils with sound foundations for future music...
aww thats okay, we can still hang!
don't we all wish we could have your dogs muscular abilities when we are all 80 years old. ;)
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee [while jumpin off the Titanic]
thank you, Erin!!! We are so excited!
Genius. Uploads automatically to a CRM.
Im miserable. But thanks for the attempt :p <-Kelsey xoxo>
Just let me know if you have any questions.
you should see the Viceroy in Miami...better yet, hang out at the pool on a Saturday!
Just started Bossypants. Hilarious.
EVERY GIRL HAS HER OWN SPECIAL RECIPE THAT MAKES HER EXTRAORDINARY!XOXO MISS MIMI PINK
the Rick Ross thing.
We are so close to 4,000 followers! Help us get it before New Years!
Thank you so much!
do you fish the Mad river at all?? one of my favorite in OH.. Now following..
hey, I had to pay the rent.
tha rap game is good hands with our youth
Thanks for following us back! AND thanks for bringing back Body Bling (no longer have to fly to NYC)! #tooexcited! XOXO!
daily #dressage tip: relax the hips! is the sun reflected in yr thumbnails? are yr shoulder relaxed and square? wrists vertical? lets ride!
bet you enjoyed that blue performance today. LFC schadenfreude.
- Coach, always liked your coaching style, compete and work your butt off in practice - than gameday is a fun, loose day.
#raw10 Do u rem when u could party all night n cant get up n the morning, so u call n sick n still go n 2 get your check @ your job?
This is the longest time I've spent on Facebook in FOREVER. Oh my lol!
Your welcome for the retweets. Like wise.
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to Everyone..
.. no duh .. Im always attracted to creepy!! haha .. u dont think hes hot?? he made my undies flutter =p
No. Is that Rod?
I'm also doing the 'head in sand' / 'turn a blind eye' approach to #Pinterest. Had same feeling about facebook at 1st.
Getting my ship together
Get some flowers, make a card, kill a baker's dozens worth of people. The usual.
Just wanted to say thanks again for everything. It's a big help :)
When I feel good I sing and the joy it brings makes me feel good and when I feel good I sing and the joy it brings
Lessons from FIN- have adventures, come home and love somebody.
But of course! I love the '07. We are about to release the '08....needs a lot more time and I don't have the patience for that :)
"This program has made me the man I am today." Believed all of this, amazing to see the data. Way to go !
A Happy Friday to all.
yeahhhBUDDY rollin like a big shot.
Having dinner at Garridos with after Ignite Austin where we saw Adam and Michael Dell
If you are a guy, and you go tanning, I support your decision to come out of the closet.
definitely - it's very good.
Good morning sun -- thanks for the inspiration
do it and play ur best!
Fuck kids who hate their moms.
Vashoners, my second question of the day, where does one park for several days other than the upper lot at the north end ferry? A P&R?
Metta should cont to workout then join the Lakers during playoffs #sportsprchat, wasn't Bynums shot on JJ last year worse?
We all have ability. The difference is how we use it. -Stevie Wonder
I think I'm going to save up money just in case the Boyz decide at any point to come to Massachusetts, New Hampshire, or Rhode Island.
Thanks for including me!
I do love his work.
How was your week? How were classes and how's the product line???
many thanks to everyone who came out for the AS IF! fundraiser and auction event yesterday! it was great!!!
i just threw up in my mouth. look at those 'TEETH'!!!!!
#AOL on Monday announced a $1.056 billion deal to sell more than 800 patents to
Thanks that was so nice of you to mention. We hope you have a wonderful day....
is busy remodeling my office and design space.
Enterprise?!?! AWESOME!
Its awkward when your moms computer has been down for almost a year & its getting fixed and her back ground is of <U+2665> haha :)
Went straight from performance into rehearsals for a new piece. Thanks to our guest dancers & musician, and the #cherryblossom audience!
Wats the move
Dr. Horrible just gets better and better every time I watch it.
what's it called?!
If I Had A Gun you would be the first person i would shoot
#agents Looking for agents who are taking on new clients
Bingo! Although, I would have taken the answer, "his chin" as well! (just kidding) - Back to Alganon trivia soon!
Just witnessed give a woman an autograph outside the Hyatt downtown Indy! Love it!
WHAT THE HECK " LUSI.OB " is the next top peeny stock of the year OMG..
The most valuable lesson man has learned from his dog is to kick a few blades of grass over it and move on........
Your karma is like ur shadow it follows you everywhere u go but in due time it will stepped out of your flesh & show ur true identity.
Hey people in Nashville area if you got a free hour this coming Tuesday around 7 pm come to the la quinta hotel, if not to just support me.
Special Epicurean Lite Schedule because of Memorial Day - Food will be prepared on Monday, ready for delivery or pick-up on Tuesday!!
Don't wake up in a roadside ditch
that's just my personality. I never wave-r.
Give ronnie the power
Eric and I spoke and in Senatopia Mississippi and we certainly enjoyed working with teens for tate. They are awesome!
I'm so there. Drinking buddy haha
“ Somebody is about to step back because they are surprised YOU stepped up.”
i use to want a bigger butt, but i realized that wouldn't look cute on me!
Til the day I die I'm screamin out top flight
RT : Bros Ro may need a rooftop annex today-! RT Serving brunch today until 3. 2-4-1 mimosas and bloodies!
my bad annual. Last MVP no, how about a game away from the finals in 2001?
Having mixed emotions. A billion different thoughts. Don't know what to do. Confused A'F.
It's like groundhog day.....dance around the room for us!! :D xo
FACEBOOK SCAM ALERT: Do NOT open ANYTHING referring to Oslo! Virus spreading, it is a fake!
did you not see that whole thing omg i know he's flaming gay
Anyone that follow me know how to do haircuts? Not like "oh yeah I've seen them done" but some talented ass work is what I need
When u text me "....." it makes me wanna kill u over and over and over again!!
The sunshine is nice. Having the song Sunshine on My Shoulders in your head is not.
I've got 2 free tix to tonight's home opener v. Hamilton Nationals. Tweet me if interested!
what can we do about what? Let me know what it is you want so I can give you a proper answer
aww that's a cute dog
Your brain is full of spiders, You've got garlic in your soul.
Comstor Takes Home Multiple &quot;Distributor of the Year&quot; Awards at Cisco Partner Summit 2012
Going to be great! RT : Last year's expo was so informative and fun! Can't wait for March 10th!
Read what everyone is writing about #Armando Galarraga & #Joyce blown call here- USSportspages.com
thank you!
So... I'm lovin' Kahuna's in St. Pete. Chilling' with Stef, her hilarious cousin Ashley, Jamie & their dog.
Titanic 3D, silly
We dont care.
please follow me<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Twitter helps me forgive people. Because they are much more asanine than I ever believed possible.
I was at Best Buy last night and they said that Wonderland wasn't even in there system...?
oh, the horrors! ;)
Gainesville hosts Olympic rowing trials for Canada
I'd like some tequila paco
Tired as hell
need a catcher 25 played at dominican college
what's happening today?
haha oh craiggles, one day you'll accept us
is on a ROLL right now! If you're not following her, you have no idea what you're missing.
That and down my street, doing 40 or 45 in a 25 zone.
I'm gonna pop in some to get me going...
at Burgers & Cupcakes w Beth, Jackie & Maureen... Michael Connelly @ next table heavily salting his burger.
when the internet is slow <<<
Gotta get re-instated first.. RT Johnny wants to come back. It's possible there have already been discussions.
Ugh the only thing getting me through this studying is the promise of tempura udon
Appreciate the mention Nicholas!
cuz we cute
The weather better celebrate my being off tomorrow or else I'm littering everywhere.
Time to move out... spinning class !
": Republicans will own this #shutdown #Lastword" if it takes a shutdown to wake america up about r spending then so be it
I wish those friggin' owls in ny backyard would just introduce themselves already.
i would name it because its a sweet cute name and i like itbecause of that thats why. Soo yeah dont be getting like that =P
We're totally the 'woo' girls #SeniorBUreakfast #HIMYM cc
Write your sad times in the sand so the pain will wash away and write your happy times in stone, so the memories will never fade.
Why do people say 'grow some balls'? Balls are weak & sensitive, If you wanna get tough, grow a vagina. Those things take a pounding
mixing music, being creative, thinking positively....wondering when he will send the first episode?
So I think you should follow me and cause it would be sorta hard to make all your AMAZING covers with out us! <111
So while in WVA a parent from Florida reads my tee I AM Garner and says "they are one of the best organizations in the country"
take me to see that movie
Here's another "D" word for you: delusional.
Thanks for great dinner convo w/ me and Stella tonight! Yay for random meetups!
I will be negative for a sec and say that my 4.0 streak will end this quarter. All my medical classes are hard as Fuck lol
u should push Tehan into a puddle of acid.
Wichita! we heard a tornado hit your city! Our hearts are with you! Let us know if your okay
Happy Birthday pretty. :)
How fast do hotcakes sell?
I really cannot wait until #springbreak2012 :D
i'm listening to classical music in the office now. i feel sophisticated.
re: Q2 p2. do you find most stay and graduate or drop out and pursue their biz?
he was an entitled prick. I'm over him.
Very cool! (although it's painful to see quoting the Daily Mail as a source)
Balls deep.
Caring and concerned for yourself only will always blind you to the problems of others who are doing worse than you.
#Miami. Guess what? is coming to you May 18th @ 630pm. Master Class. Focal Point Dance Studio.
Kalleberg: All industrial countries have to deal with how to balance the need for flexiblity with the security of workers
On board with this. RT : The straight baseball cap brim is this generations mullet.
There's a thin line between "girl power" and man hating
The amazing world of German Hartboxes haha! If you want to see the most amazing edition look up woodoo monsterbox on youtube!
Thanks for your thoughtfulness!
Thanks for spreading the word, BEER is always worth sharing... except when it is mine.
Two people have been arrested in connection to the five shootings in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
It's amazing!! Loved it!
she so stupid for tryna to come at u for remixing a song by sum1 who ain't acknowledge her? She just tryna finda way to get back
People should DM me Q:'s I'll tweet with a answer.
Pacers don't want it bad enough
Sure, what would you like to bet?
#9RoundMinute: 15 Push-Ups followed with a 30-second Plank.
Since 1982, Car Crafters has provided quality auto body repair, auto mechanics and auto glass repair to the Albuquerque area.
really? That's great. I might have to give you a little something so you can think about while you're there
Half the battle toward better breathing is just a simple understanding of what must occur for drawing an optimal breath.
Doing re-writes for the play about our Veterans Fresh perspective always a good thing...
I love you wifey.... Go to bed.
The Hawaiian alphabet consists of only 12 letters.
Getting ready to head out for the shooting of the music video, I will keep you guys posted :)
and I was funny with only one cup of tea under my belt! Miracles abound! Lol! Xoxo
Welcome to Twitterworld, Friend!
Just texted :) wonder if he'll text back :)
You better believe it. I would follow you twice if I could.
on AIM: afteritendszach make my day interesting.
#niallwhipshispenis back and forth! just whip! i'm a get more cum than a lil bit, as soon as he jumps in moans r hitting it! i wrote it
...why should you have to design a shirt yourself? Let us do it for you, for free.
Trying new makeup looks by but don't know which one to pick!!!!
They are watching.....
I want you to enjoy neighbors that care about each other in trauma n I want u to c how incredible sex is if you follow the orgasmic pages
who wouldn't fight for you ^_^
getting dressed.
So have I so I'm interested in reading it, but no on I know has read it :( lol. I got The Zombie Survival Guide coming in.
I got the flu and had to cancel my trip :( what is your next adventure?
Thanks Bee!
no. don't hit my phone no more boiiii
The lights keep flickering but the power is still holding strong
Now Following
U dont realize of how many lifes u changed U give me hope.u taught me to #DreamBig and Thank u 4 teaching me #NSN!
i'm a believer! “: Pleeze, my friends, welcome to active tweeting!!!! Follow him!
'I'm sorry, my fault, I forgot you were an idiot.'
I find it interesting that when Charlie Harper died, Allen didn't have an estate sale. All the furniture is the same!
#RT? BIGGEST Fan From Virginia. :)
The Artist? Again. Did NOT see that coming. Nor did we hear it.
What's up with Swagger jackers these days
": I do! ;)" you obviously know your baseball
With over 1000 #tarot decks in print, it was hard to choose which we would use in our system. Which deck would u like to see?
I am sure that has not missed talking to me one damn bit. :/
If you fuck God you have issues. Otherwise you're awesome ... Despite your republican friends.
Happy Easter to you and your family!!!
We all just coolin' it.
Looking forward to going out tonight with old friends tonight
the blue moon peanut butter ale paired w the abita purple haze made for a surprisingly fun PB&J experience in the burbs today..good stuff
great work, old man Landis told me about the session--let's hope the PC knows its a star-studded lineup.
Twitter & SEO-FYI-Your indexed tweets & followers help build the PageRank of your Twitter page with their inbound links!
I love Mondays so much!!!! - said by no one ever
Hotel Chantelle twice in 3 days? Apparently so. Come say hi
Jobs council focussed on 5 key areas: infrastructure and energy, high growth firms, national investment initiative, reg reform, skills.
hahaha I wish you could be here so we can hang out after school :/ miss ya! ps: I still have the teddy bear you gave to me
I'm slowly evolving into the person I want to be.
Okay then! Haha I'm in a hotel too but I can't see if the the phone has a red blinking light haha
after the storm
Nothing like a trip to the Chinese consulate (before my cup of coffee) to start the week off right!
Don't know if I can watch the championship game tonight
So I have a Boyfriend <U+E106>
put my vote in for #phillychi officers - a great slate of candidates at all positions, and good to see back in the mix
i know my dude smh bro! how are u going to be out there?
from #groupme is final speaker at
don't wanna go to school tomorrow at all. :/
I'm ~2:15 and Steve is ~3:50, so both Green corral. 5th race for both of us, but I don't really train, though, thus the slog!
In the process of findng new illustrator for my bookcover, off my timeline & Staying positive & thankful for my publishing venture
My company is Summit Realty Advisors, an affiliate of KW Commercial
Atleast my sunburn is slowly turning into a tan. :) well i hope so anyways.
Oh I wasn't being sarcastic...I'm not going to Bridgetown, though, so NOW you should feel like a dickwagon.
yeh right...remember #obama and the WH r evolving...
I love your music so much. You have such an amazing voice. I'm watching "I Love You This Big" right now! It's a cute video!<U+E327>
no way ..... We cuter than Tyra!!! She all old now.
...to crush your enemies, see them driven before you, and appropriate their lame hashtag campaigns. ;)
RIP Elizabeth Taylor
PHLAME - occupational wellness program for firefighters. For info, or www.phlameprogram.com
low-cut and short or long, tight, high-neck line/backless?
ya i am! are you?!
lauren sound good? Haha
yeah I guess I am outta warranty... so I'm pretty much screwed
Yes, some maturity makes a big difference--but age without an open mind (which I'm sure you have) yields little.
So much shit happened today. So close to get on a fight. o man,don't get involve. Psh,you mad bro? Or are you on your period?!
I don't y my tweets tweets keep effing up!
check ya email !
can u follow me :)
Once again mixing Asian veggies w/ Southwest soup is good enough for me to eat.
Whos comin' out for the #TOP Voice tonite?! The Competition is really HEATING UP w/ only 5 weeks left!! Whos gonna win?!
Ready to launch our company! Do the right thing for your diet! suzanne.snackhealthy.com
GO BUCKEYES!!!
#YouCuteAndAllBut you blow up my phone too much !!
Washing my hair.
I don't hate LeBron but it was awesome seeing Granger stand up for himself.
thanks for letting us know. it's something i deal with/think about A LOT. great to hear back that u had a gr8 experience. :>)
No worries, happens every time Speaker Boehner stays in the tanning bed too long..that's his signal to turn over..
Foster family shortage puts more children at risk - The Guardian
I refuse to go to the gym without headphones
Trying to rebook a cancelled flight from this AM. Can't get through on phones (hung up on 3 times) and website asking me to pay?
haha such a great way to see me! Being dragged out of bed by John
I feel like I'm the only one with problems
Bitches Only Keep Talking When They're Getting A Response
I wanna wear shorts tm but im most likely gonna get shorted and dont wanna wear my gym shorts on the field trip :\
A work of art is the unique result of a unique temperament. -Oscar Wilde
Got my outfit!!! Mad hype :)
Glad you stopped by!Subscribe to the RSS feed to keep updated, and drop us a line when you have your site up!
Heather Mekkelson's show @ #OldGold c. 2008 : created the aura of a flood via fabricated distress of basement landscape
What video game is this quote from: "Do you have a plan to go along with that grenade?" Answer & win absolutely nothing except satisfaction.
I found it insightful (especially the powerlessness section; that plays out frequently between all kinds of people, I think). 1/2
. personally, i'm kinda surprised that obamar hasn't already installed minarets on the WH... what with being a muslin and all.
A woman without a good man, is a woman with a light frown... A woman without a disrespectful man, is a woman with a bright smile!!!
Lingering sent.. M...
Fuck who ever hating on me
What will I do today?
At the #noobrarian orientation at #flacon2012. Let the fun begin!
A girl, a girl, a bitch a bitch, a bitch a bitch
Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys passed away, may he RIP. I loved those dudes.
The Oreo cookie turns 100 years old today. Got milk?
Ha ha! Not yet! But it's good advice for any present and future relationships!
I have tried to drink coconut water and I can't seem to get into it.
On our desk: an egg timer. Alas, no egg.
to my school
Just figured out my yearbook quote
I'm gonna print a picture of and put it in my locker & when someone ask if that's my boyfriend ima be like yeah(:
I DON'T WANNA GO TO SCHOOL!!!!!.
good luck today!!!!
I did...during sociology lol so how was your day!?
I am receiving excessively high RG&E bills & they won't help me figure out why. Who can help me?
My bad... today is not Thursday. CTIA Wireless call for speakers closes FRIDAY. Thanks
What the fuck got to say now?
I know, right?! Who knew?
"Werkin Hawd!" - We picked this up from Boston!
Hey peeps new single drops 9/26! It's gonna be hot!
He who distinguishes the true savor of his food can never be a glutton; he who does not cannot be otherwise.
Wouldn't be so pissed about people flaking tonight if the restaurant didn't require reservations.
Excited to spend the b-day with loved ones!
And k-state gets lucky again
the US is cooler:P
I was a "desk job" intern Folklife Festival. Got heat stroke on the Mall during set-up. Arg! DC summers.
I wish I could retweet that.
I can't believe they would even sell those shirts. This world disgusts me sometimes.
you're sweet. Thanks.
Happy Ash Wednesday! Goodbye $1 cream cookies from Giant - until Easter.
anti-gay - adj. extremely gay
Warp Tour this summer.
if I had I wish it would be to meet you :) 2
Just had a great meeting at e
performance difference btw bionix-v &nero 5 wasn't big. huge improvement over stock though!
thank you so much for the birthday wishes!
yes! Account setup was a delight. Signed up then walked to thermostat and it said, add this account? Good ux.
Im actually glad track is over
who are yu gonna play for this summer? :)
Sometimes the hardest person to deal with is yourself.
Every were I go they takin pictures
I like the original!!The new. one has rebecca demornay as the mother!!
"you're dead longer than you're alive"- Karl Pilkington
(and, of course, learning from bad choices)
We will always progress as long as we are brave enough to dream,& to never stop trying to make them true
My 4-yr-old's new year's resolutions: "no more showing butts, no more nose picking"
I'm not overweight. God just loved my body so much he made more of me!
Add NBCSports Channel to reasons Catholic League + ND could happen. All non-foobtall sports on that channel w/hoops on NBC.
Hi Karter, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
We're hearing the Broncos will schedule a press conference for 1 PM local time (3 PM est) to announce Manning as QB.
Gonna try to go to sleep. Leaving tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
I am tired of being single now!!:(
Nice! If you ever decide to turn this one into a print, count me in ;)
#e2conf begins tomorrow! Visit the booth or one of sessions, and get excited about the #betterway for
The big problem Barack Hussein Obama has with gay marriage is it goes against his religion. Muslims HATE gay people.
maybe it's better that way... ; D
Just saw my exact make and model of work-issued electric pencil sharpener listed on Etsy as decor--a charming retro accoutrement for $37.
Well those that are trapped to "do what they are told" are building a generation of ineffective people destined for destruction.
Have to find that recipe. Can't remember what I did but it added a nice texture/enhanced the jjajang sauce.
LVA archivists will be on WWBT tonight from 5 to 6:30 pm to answer questions about the our resources for genealogy. Call 345-1212.
Anticipation is often better than the real thing.
Looks like Claire Moore's email typing might have to #ComeOutToPlay this week
I've done quite a few other projects since then, too. My most recent ones were shortfilm "Firewater" and series "Bail Out"
Hi - Thanks for following. I added you to two of my Twitter Lists. -Benjamin
I can't believe I leave tomorrow. Wuttttttttt
Going on a limb here ... Rickie Weeks will get the walk-off.
Booking up fast for Summer! Engagement photos, family portrait, Pregnancy, Weddings, Senior Portraits...
Good 2 See doing his thing on One Of the Best
It's Election Day! Please vote for me today... Touch #78 on your District 117 ballot! Thanks now and always for your support!
Tons of brand new music being added this week! Tune in and tell your friends... It's ON!
I do wish y'all were still here. 'y'all style.'
Sometimes I feel like I could use the olde "my code is compiling" excuse when waiting for a puppet catalog compilation :\
Brown sugar pecan gelato and iced coffee. Wanted to get out a bit and see NOLA!
Championship Coaches impose their will on their players! Brown does not have that personality
where are you miss Laila v ?
Going to be a good year this year
Consider it done.
It was great to learn more about how to experience O'Keeffe's #NM for ourselves today!
no but I have feeling for him, and I love him more than a friend
Bf will be over at 10:30 since he's seeing the Hunger Games... Get your priorities straight ;)
#PeopleNeedToStop Nd Look aT Them self Before Dey Talk Bout SumbodY Else !
that is so precious! lol so cute...
They're releasing lots of Republic titles on Blu this fall & saw they're listed as dvd distributor now on IMDB.
Sure, it's crappy that I'm leaving work at 8:23 PM, but it's pretty awesome that the sky is still light outside.
so where's my follow back then?
Just a random picture
Absolutely. RT : Awesome to see Steve Gleason on MNF with Drew Brees. Great to build awareness for ALS.
Ha! I guess it does. That was supposed to post from my other twitter handle, between images 1 and 3. Whoops.
Good luck to our neighbors tonight in the #playoffs! Go !
Thanks for spreading the word (and love) for the Q! Any chance we'll see you here for the Said The Whale show on March 2nd?!
If its Pats vs 49ers, baseball can't come soon enough.
We have to reduce the barriers of entry to test whether new tools work for each student, says audience member.
Thinking about EdCafe on the role of the federal government. Sessions address different issues such as Civil Rights, economics, etc.
Did and I just eat breakfast with Eric Sheninger?!
That is certainly true... though dress up night on Saturday SHOULD help with that... I would hope. Have fun without me!
writes some really badass music...hopefuly well get to do the record next year :-)
will do shortly! Need artwork *fast* for patches I think. (nothing else time critical, right?)
Was 2011 the year of the great paywall? Not exactly
Looked at daycares for my little noodle.I can't imagine leaving him, but he looked like he was having so much fun.
#DontYouHateWhen Motherfuckas rush u and then when u get ready they take all day.
Got my best friends birthday present! She's going to love it! <U+2764><U+2764>
Is it weird if 2 sets of twins dated eachother. like bro and sis dating bro and sis? xD
Everyone go follow ;)
left for tiki disco without me. I feel like kevin from home alone when he wakes up and everybody is in miami.
Vince Young
Thanks for believing in us! We're glad to work on your jobs.
5 weeks and 6 days until Pretty Little Liars. 9 weeks until I graduate. Life is cool.^^
I've learned that forgiveness does not change the past but it does enlarge the future.
Tupperware is fantastic
Romney and Brown make same weak HCR case. Good if done by states but not by feds. What happened to country first?
I'm out here!
No, it's worth turds. The whole thing seems sloppy and his mo' is jacked. He can win blossoms later if-when it does qualify
I'm great, thanks! What's new with you?
The upside of all the fresas watching the soccer game in rags- It smells phenomenal.
have fun tonight girls! and Happy Bday again little Ashley :)
Finally got the store reorganized. Have an awesome wall of #boardgames now!, and will be bringing in more soon!
well thank you for making great music!!
THIS RACE WAS SO EXCITING! ! !
5 people in my 6th period now that the seniors are gone.
haha okay okay calm down I'm out of class now :))
I confirmed that you do in fact rank #1 on Google for your first name :) Great to hang out with you in San Diego!
Navy Recruiting in Chicago will pay you to become a DENTAL OFFICER for the US Navy. See how you can make a difference
my worst nightmare !
I hear ya pimpin-pour a 4 for me too kinfolk!
pLEASE FOLLOW ME! :D
I hate those kinds of questions!
that pic is yummy
Bath & Body Bistro is open for business and ready to customize a gift bag for your Mother's day . Come on by and let us help you pamper her.
after evening sex with someone else? Lol
Mar 17, 1932: Churchill's ship docked at Southampton. He was presented with welcome home gift from friends, a Daimler automobile.
so wrong. but on par with expectations.
In afraid to lose you, but your not even mine </3
So much pain. I freaking hate my wisdom teeth, just take them out already :(((((
That... Was julie
I will probably hear back from him soon.
stop what?!?
"Time should be made available during the day for activities in which music is the primary focus of attention for its own value."
BJ did awesome! I was sad that Ken Flo didn't put up more of a fight though. Lil disappointed. What about Amir Sadala?! Bad..
Issues of domestic conflict are rarely so simple. No doubt he's a bad guy, but it's important to look from multiple perspectives.
I dunno what this says about me but I was just overcome with guilt cause I remebered a customer asked for lemon for her water and I forgot..
#ozarkproblems RT "Honey I almost married a cousin a mine when I was 14"... life in the ozarks
Great to see so many bikes out for #NationalBikemonth. Please remember to share the road and be considerate of cyclists.
your birthday is in 1 hour and 27 minutes!!(:
Thanks for the follow.I'll follow back. (7 words right?)
Peter Yarrow to Capitol protesters: If you hang in there, you will kill the bill.
Hello Kris and how are you? Were on the 13 website can i find the 13 best of. This past week it was ice cream. I can not find it
"The fear of man brings a snare, but whosoever puts his trust in the Lord shall be safe." Proverbs 29:25
Is this an endorsement for Mitt Romney
pretty cool
Guess who's back on twitter ?:)
Hey do you got skype or AIM so I can shoot you an IM real quick.
Reptile house #jhudczoo venomous toxic skin exists.
ok hurry up Asap
BJ vs Diaz makes most sense now right? Assuming Dana keeps him?
'habitat' images in from Peter Kearns , Seth Butler and Chad States
Nothing but butterflies right now.
Something inside of me is changing. This could be bad.
do some thing on this ATP run.don't just be satisfied being on tour. F.A.I.T.H."fantastic adventures in trusting him" Blieve!
Take flight...Young Mike
if u FOLLOw i'll
#ifyouknowmeyouknow that A Day To Remember is my favorite band of all time. (:
If we calculated unemployment today the way it was calculated during the Great Depression, unemployment would be 17%. In 1931, it was 15%.
RT: URGENT UNVERIFIED: Plain cloths police planning for staged street fights as an excuse to attack people, please stay calm and silent
Working the popcorn machine at the concession stand is hard work and people get really fiesty about it..
Sometimes I say jp even when i'm dead serious,, just because I don't wanna hurt your feelings.
2nd Wednesdays tonight 7-9pm! Learn about the new James Webb Space Telescope and how astronomers are using it to look back in time!
I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you.
Follow me
10 pm on a Saturday ... And I'm going to sleep
I am better able to imagine hell than heaven; it is my inheritance, I suppose
Making Orange Paint out of flour for tomorrows shoot... Looks like Cheese
sometimes i wonder out loud do we really have privacy I feel like Rockwell Somebody's watching me I got no privacy whether on land or @ sea.
You mean Brad Paisley!?
cuz I'm so late for filing my taxes lol + my dad sending my laptop finally SMH
God I am drunk! Are the NFL games today?
I guess Alice Stewart can advocate for truth in campaigns now that Bachman's no longer running
Hey buddy....i heard some grl said hey to that asian n he made that tweet his favorite tweet
When does semester end for you? Have an idea for a pw/dir "speed rehearsing" thing-y to share w/you.
#Gingrich: I learned a lot of those principles from Ronald Reagan & Margaret Thatcher. No, from Lee Atwater.
And Marcus is going to make sure doesn't make him cry! So glad we're not LA right now.
Today I called Canon tech support AGAIN & went back to the Apple Store. Apple says they're waiting for Canon to give them info for an update
Updating my database today. I get marketing property to other brokers but I don't get marketing your services to other brokers.
No, not at all. Heck, I still refer to Deer Creek as Deer Creek ;)
um....it's been already done, last #halloween. ;)
are you already done?
Yikes, what an epic meltdown,never recovered from game 1. Kudos to the Kings. Took out Vancouver, now the Blues. Unbelievable hockey by them
Thank you guys so much for saying this :] It means alot! It really does. Neon Trees are amazing!!
Happy Fat Tuesday! What are your Marti Gras plans?
Do you live in an area with a lot of tattoo parlors?
I said to myself...dont do it..but I did anyway lol i made an account haha ..follow me>>>> x_XNitaX_x <<< im way to into it!! ;)
I plan on stopping by at some point this evening :)
looking forward to see show thursday!
what he do?
The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday.
You're a ridiculous question.
Chef makes it look so easy! The episode will air August 15 :-)
RT : needed a UML tool book 5 minutes ago. Somebody please write "UModel the Missing Manual" or "Head First Enterprise Architect"
And that was my 15 mins of depression on to something else
You pick me up just to push me down, you like me best when i'm on the ground.
"No one talks more than a lover scorned" Lesson? BE NICE TO YOUR CUSTOMERS!
rahh. i never come on anymore...
Getting ready for a debut novels presentation with and I heart new books.
Pontius Pilate failed all of his T/F Roman Bureaucrat exams for similar reasons.
I love him, Kurt, so I kept wincing every time they got a cocky quote out of him.
Weed is the key that opens the minds eye!! Let's smoke:-)
I hope you drop dead! - In the mouths of enemies at times sounds like "Farewell!"
Never fails. Lunch is here. And now the customers are too.
Opening night it's on! How can they really be in danger when they're camping with #Thor?
did you see the video :o
I want the concert tickets for Justin bieber in Holland !
I just got to Brouwers and will be around if you guys want to meet up. Otherwise I might be down sunday again.
D.R.U.C.C.B Destroy rebuild until craig comes back.
Geisel Library 24/7 space during finals has been planned for months. This is not response to today's activities.
I wanna see The Avengers again. :)
Desire a #swinger discount vacation $100 per night Caliente Resorts
JUST IN..Packers go out of business & were forced to give the rights of Lambo Leap to the Hawks for the Shaw Shimme.
Not as depressed as I was before! I think I just needed to know how he was feeling!
home again, and almost got everything picked up for later :)
“: Andrew Breitbart was the most innovative pioneer in conservative activist social media...” That's saying a little.
Headin' 2 Carswell Fitness Center wit the Folks 2 burn sum serious cals
I kind of want a Doritos taco ever since hearing talk about it. I really hope this isn't my last tweet
Idc man. I just really want to cuddle with Liam
..which sounds like pure, top-of-the-totem viciousness. But you make a sound point: it can be hard to tell that from the outside.
And here I thought this was another fan pic of a band I don't know.
yep. Watched a couple of the vids from the tour on youtube. He sounds good. Can't wait when the new material is release.
you from dc bro? nice
Orthopedic postrapedic air pockets huh!?
haha did they sing grease lightening? Keeping it classy guys!
That video is *really* hard to watch sober.
happy birthday! Still on for a lunch date tomorrow?
ha! nice
this is painful. I feel sick.
where is the pic?
Good morning!
RNC Chairman Reince Priebus says he hasn't been contacted by investigators in ongoing probe involving Gov. Scott Walker aides.
Loyola supports love!! Having a great time at the drag show!
Thanks! RT : Happy Friday - Last day of Social Media Week LA
I'm sorry what did you say? I wasn't listening.
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook...that everyone claims that 1 drunk picture posted on FB could make you lose your next JOB!
Had an awesome meeting with the talented producer Steve Scott Harvey! I can't wait to start working with him!!! Meeting at CAA tomorrow!
Snapshot from one Brooklyn Park precint: strong Republican base turning out in Senate Dist. 46, long-held by DFL & late Senator Scheid.
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps My Understandings by
wow! R.I.P. Slim Dunkin
were u at ?
Transatlanticism while watching a lightening storm = perfection
Dear Postalworker: Waiting on my copy of Wolvesbayne from Netflix and getting VERY IMPATIENT!!!
I hate when ppl ask me the same question twice.
selling anything i can get my hands on
haha i thought u put a lock on it already?
Its all about the Heat Jay, sorry Lebron did Clevlend bad but you know what he brought to that team, and now its his time.
I've loved and lost...
SF Red Bull I bought in the gym tasted "off". Sure enough it was expired. I must b drinking 2 much 2 know that.
We have a show this Thursday night at The Grape Room in Manayunk. 105 Grape Street, Doors , $7.
whats goin on im back I just had to pay my phone bill. That's why I couldn't come back on twitter. :-)
Nice stop in the back field by the Gmen!
Breakfast at with my two fav people :)
You think you know eclectic until you see #PinkMartini (at Town Hall last night) #SaoriYuki was a highlight. Loved her Puff the Magic Dragon
Thanks for the follow, enjoy your day!
No worries. Congrats!
Love going to a mayoral candidate forum where it's all about jobs-jobs-jobs!
Derrick Woods-Morrow, one of our seniors, has won an Addy Award for his graphic design. Congratulate him, and watch for details later.
Happy mothers day!!!
just ate and im full. Miss u all back home!! Happy thx giving everyone!!!
Tom is pretty awesome.
I've make a lot of mistakes in the last 11 years. Marrying my wife was not one of them. Love ya. 11 years and counting.
I wanna stay up all night and watch the DVD until we see the sun! :) #1DVDforme :)
Umm Fenway ten out of ten times
This needs to be a lyric.
- You have April.. I'm thinking you're talking about May?
Vendor at work hooked me up with #Cubs tickets for tomorrow. So that's cool.
that stuff is like cheese flavored oxygen.
PR Research
of course!!! Anything for you my dear!! Lol see you soon!!
I'm rolling sweets, smoking sours.
If you missed on Iron Chef America, The Food Network will re-air the episode on Saturday at 5pm
TONIGHT no love? relationship expert Rabbi Sherre Hirsch gonna fix that on my show 9-11pm (pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
#StarshipsVideo we finally see nicki in a swimsuit xD
good luck. Hope you win big
i would think that would be expensive...but it costs more because its technically fully managed.
yep! how could u tell? lol I'm a free-lance photographer still building up my experience & portfolio : )
You think #FriendZone is bad...try being in #SisterZone...:/
“As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do.” Andrew Carnegie
FlourAustin, thanks for following us on Twitter!
follow? will follow back bro
For some traffic offenses, Texas can now force you to pay the initial ticket amount once a year for three years I think.
Welcome our newest members to the Milwaukee Chapter! Alfa Bumhira,Kathy Orr, and Stephen Adams! Join us at the next event www.nbmbaamilw.org
Don’t let anyone’s ignorance, hate, drama, or negativity stop you from being the best person you can be.
Happy Hump day kids! Splurge on lunch today! That should get you through.
Whale... But if its outside of water everyone loses.
I love dart wars even more now that I'm out.
Chris browns new song goes!
"I got a little bit a gout runnin down the Ol' left tit."
Just jogged/powerwalked the Astoria Park track for almost 2 miles without passing out. Awww Yeah. (FB)
I don't care what people say. Coach Bill Self is one of the most humble coaches in the game today! Doesn't say a negative word about anybody
Hah! I approve of any and all quoting of Caddyshack.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
Sherlock Holmes... Spectacular!
nice! I think we all are :D You know how to get ahold of me, and I'll ROCK socal for you like you did NYC for me!
Polaris Group is pleased to share that we just closed the last Penthouse at 855 Croft today. (Great job Jackie!)
praying for not only Rep. Giffords, but also other victims and their families. So senseless, so sad.
just go to the site dun lol!
Good night Twitter world. Have to be up in a few hours for the real world called work!!!! Peace and Blessed Be!
hope u had a great concert, miss ya, luv ya, many hugs!!! Night sweetie
Awesome. We are all excited!
I think my crowning achievement was once getting into the top ten on the Tetris machine at Funspot.
It's Friday. Feel free to Toot Away.
Water tastes like water
whats your handle
iieeeww!! I concur!
Staying in a haunted hotel
Just don't catch me while I'm sober.
Progression is staring to be shown.
It's official: Saints announce Joe Vitt assumes head coach role effective April 16. Vitt will be suspended the first 6 weeks of the season.
heyy austin i love you so much please follow me <3 :] 15
RT : 2) praise 4 Trump| Mickey, you're a smart guy. Anyone who praises Trump for anything but self-promotion is an idiot.
thanks fo the follow!
Aunt Holly is always dissin' me!
Well, I hope to see you at another event soon! I would love to pick your mind about paid media :)
Weed of the Week #651-Black Nightshade (Air Date 9/26/10)
make time to be silent before God, our lives are filled with meaningless clutter, find what matters before it's to late.
Shout out to dshawn for calling me & waking me up. & on top of that he was being a bad influence >.<
HUGE FURNITURE SALE!!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
watching Conan O'Brien =)
Also the fact that they won't have a statue of him outside.
Lafayette Square Mall = Flea Market ...dont forget that people
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music? 11
TRACKING ANYONE ANYWHERE ANYTIME AROUND THE WORLD (GOTEK10 GPS WATCH LOCATOR) provides optimum protection, anywhere in the world. http:
DR® Power Equipment Teams with Bazaarvoice to Launch Online Reviews
All in all I learned a lesson from it, I neva saw you comin but I watched to see you go.
We're agreeing on a lot lately. Kind of scary.
me too
THANK YOU! and yeah it's all icarly's fault. :P and the only reason my blog is good is because i reblog EVERYTHING on my dash
parked in the murdough resident lot for 13 hours and still didnt get a ticket.
Don't you worry your pretty little mind. People throw rocks at things that shine and life makes love look hard.
hope you told him he's a pos
Just read an article that says kids should go to school 12 months a year! If they don't learn it 9 months they won't learn it in 12.
I'd almost never question John Saunders journalism skills... But what the hell is he talkin about ?
I hear Neptune is nice this time of year.
We're playing in Madison's own downtown Improv Theatre this week! Does that count? Because it should.
o lol. why i though you did. why dont you.
greetings! I'm a former Beeston resident. Enjoyed it!
My matted landscape photographs and greeting cards can now be found at the It's Bazaar shop on 21st St in Purcellville. www.bazaaron21st.com
Glad that the girls who wrote the Dan Kanter song are from Boston. Haha. #BostonRep #UMad?
thank you! :D
I hate being at school its so boring
My mom always asks me what's wrong like I'm overly depressed.
Guardian: 'All indications are the protests are on for tomorrow' RT
well done
This is bad only compared to expectations.
hes still alive? He still has money to buy coffee?
What do you prefer? Digital or Film?
Twitter just suggested I should follow Walmart.
I guess we were wrong about distractions getting to the Lakers
Quote of the day, "Give and you shall recieve" -Luke 6:38 and coffee this morning at
I'm in Nashville. Checkin time is 7am 8 eastern.
um HELL NO
Let the world come to you, dont force it and things will turn out just fine!
Happy Birthday No one knows how to party like you. Hope you have a great day :)
Can you add a link to your blog for users to get email updates when you post a new entry? Maybe I'll finally start one, too...
J and B have the same birthday?? Cool cake
Glad to close for tonight! it's gonna be out of control
There should be a law that makes you name your child "Mary Jane" if it's born on 4/20.
Off I go, TO NARNIA.
My TL really ain't hitting on shit right now...
Am I Ready?
lol no! I've had a really bad headache for 3 days straight! :(
ppl think tht friday the 13th is scary. well you dont have a 21 yr old brother who belly dances with no shirt ti shakira
..THIS IS IT..this type of mnfctrng is what needed by the middle/avrage Amrican workers. RETAIL MNFCTRNG garmnts,frniture,hshold
DVR is set! Will it be available anywhere online afterwards?
Happy Monday!! :)
"I'm Sorry" is a 2 word contract that says, "You will forgive me if I never do it again!" Use this phrase only when you mean it!
Im going to be a lesbian by default.
Don't forget the deadline to turn in all $$$ for MDS Walk-A-Thon is Fri. 10/14 6PM.
Hanging out with at mocha in Oakland
<U+266B><U+266A> Justin Bieber<U+266B><U+266A>
YAY! why are we yaying again I forgot
Happy St Patrick Day
How are you otherwise?
Car Dealers. We've built an incredible Google program that is producing serious results! It can also be mirrored on Yahoo/Bing as well.
Instead of thinking of what u are missing, try thinking of what u have that everyone else is missing.
So close to 600 followers :D
Check out my super funny friend with super big teeth, and a super big personality he's amazing and on David letterman tonight
just bought your 30 day method book & I'm almost done reading & planning my routine! Hope it works.
now did you tweet that first or tap 'em on the should first? lol
RT Marketing company in Miami is hiring for a sales position with Fortune 500 client. bit.ly/qj12o3 PLEASE RT!
i feel the same way it's boring
Third row seats for the osu game!
NHLI is happy to be part of
Juan Pierre was safe, thanks Hunter Wendelstedt.
Say more about phone interview. Love to talk crop circles!
what you mean?
If Christians come from Jews, why are there still Jews?
I bet I know where to find you ... eBay! Totally bummed people didn't play fair in Mke/Brown Deer. This was a cool promo.
I know I can, drop a down payment on that porsche Cayene
Unless there is a carwoman. But I have played the game....
it seems impossible that someone would willingly spend that much. Stranger S has happened but, wow.
fox football guys live now www.foxsportsradio.com
how's he awkward about it? I know he lacks social skills but....
We just beat u in Texas? RT : #ItSeemsLike the SPURS are unbeatable ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
don't forget my question, and answer! Good night dear, And Merry Christmas to you and your family In Daegu,
#endoftheworldconfessions I'm so sick of this built up anticipation about the world ending, I think if nothing happens I'll be kinda pissed.
2 more episodes to catch up on... hopefully I can do that later!
Today's press release has to appeal to a broader audience: consumers and end-users. Think multimedia.
how to get invited to The Table? Earn your seat. Be invaluable and charasmatic. Be confident, offer context, be relevant.
Get out of bed, ya lame girl!
o you don't say whom? haha! Thanks Terry, you always make my day!
mine too...
LOL WHO ARE YOU?
So true, hopefully its a miss.. :(
Haha I've seen this but thank you! So funny!
i wish they sell the cd in the usa I most likey get it on amzon.
Reactions to '09 Pelter Trio: earthy in a Pinot Noir way, smooth, cassis, nice acid, Mediterranean Bordeaux
#RT U Love ur Brazilian FANS
for creating and then uploading to Itunes. Was using podomatic?? Any other suggestions? TIA :)
I really am enjoying tweets today. Keeping me very well informed. Hope to see you out tonight mike!??
Today's BTU inspiration: "The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself." ~Anais Nin
Happy Holidays! Wishing you the best!
I don't wanna like anyone right now
Thanks for the add Declan!
This is why you need to sign up for Notes From The Universe (all free): "I have a favor to ask, Boone. Could you please wait until after...
koolio give me a call on da cell
Thx for the clarification and forgive my confusion. Stay cool, man.
I WANT A BOYFRIEND
#SciBarSpace warming up...
Unfortunetly even though you would love to ur club said i couldnt. So i am sorry but i do not want to get u in trouble.
Thank you Frank RT : Popsicles were invented by an 11 year old boy named Frank Epperson in the year 1905.
you get in at 7.30 right?
Oh my god no way is zeus teaming up with fucking hades hahahahahaha
they're closed until two.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
RT : "Sometimes... you realize you will always be a student, that you will never know enough..."- Henry Rollins, Occupants
#Affiliate #Marketers #iHaveAnidea! Let me sell you a #Niche &/or a Name ~ Get noticed on #WWW, Twitter, FB, #AnyWhereYouWant2Be! 21012
just felt it in upstate ny
DRS rules. The bane of my existence.
Imma go Cone-ing Like
About to watch President Obama's #stateoftheunion address I am excited for what is to come!
that's not what I intended. Lol. :)
I don't think we're doing one.. unless someone else is planning one. It'd be fun though. x
There is no way under any circumstances that I will ever wear "mom jeans" ...idgaf if im 50, that shits not attractive in the slightest
Beep Beep RT : With hand-painted signs!
No, Grey's Anatomy. You are not allowed to make me feel this way... I just can't. ;___;
Don't Start A Conversation If You Can't Keep One Going. Makes Me Mad When People Text back "Yep , Yup, Ok " …ect
Love your profile picture!
They say retweetin Poised Creation is might give you a higher IQ!!!
"Content first, SEO 2nd". LOVE that. #SEO in #socialmedia So far, so good w/
The only Wildcat in a house full of Cards.
ya mamas chest hair need sleep XD
Tonight with at Earth 18+! Same party new venue! Tweet to get in free!
the best friends I have irreplaceable! ,
you're such a good bestie :)
Book your limo for homecoming soon.
the #oscars are on and everyone there can save with #save20 . we're just sayin.
nah vanilla added one last lil beat at the end #sameshit haha
It's everybody's secret superhighway underneath the Loop: Lower Wacker Dr.I'll be previewing some changes to the project, stand by for deets
": Buy the henny or not buy the henny that is today's dilemma" is that even really a dilemma for you lol
I want people's options on if citizens want to be able to vote for politicians & laws from their networked devices
The thing about Lion is that I miss Snow Leopard's ability to "pin" an app to a desktop. Always. Even after shutdown.
lawls!! i dig it!
Oh tequila I love you
just left one of the best all around stores in NyC.
Dear Mets Nation: Please calm down. The universe always has a way of correcting itself.
Staying after school for another band practice... Fun.
we both should be!
Sweet, I already have coupon code sites listing platformsbaby for the Electrik Emily Store. That's so crazy...
Save time and avoid the line SUEDE Lounge in Old Town Scottsdale. Mention AZ PARTYLIFE at the door for NO COVER. Its gonna be FIRE tonight..
Saying "gay marriage should be legal" and actually legalizing gay marriage are two different things. Wake up.
RT if you are a member of the #CeNation Family
prefer Paul's Boutique. I remember the surprising artistic difference compared to License to ill
thank you for stopping by.
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for IP Docket Specialist for a large global law firm with offices in Denver, CO. This is a long-ter…
It's so awfulRT : Really Geraldo... Really?
You too? Something hit me on Friday/Saturday that was very unfun.
Spring Break and I'm feelin' good!
#HAPPYST Top o' the mornin to ya!
I have checked you out !
I forgot to share with everyone that I won the dumbest $100 bet on the planet with
I just passed u. ;) have a good day at work. Love u roomie
Stephanie, YOU are excellent! Big love from all your fans at PHAME
Follow me on thank you I love you
text me now!!!!
Note to Santorum: Politics 101 lesson. Never tell voters to scrap their native language for a vote.
Happy Bday for her too. Tks! :)
I agree , either Skip is blind or paid to hate on Miami will be dangerous for years.
Look for me at the 5k tomorrow. I'll be the girl in the blue tutu.
what kind of games have you introduced into schools? How can we have a museum-school partnership game? Thoughts?
“Live” talk show www.blogtalkradio.com Sunday nights 8pm-9pm. March 6 topic No-Kill vs Kill Rescue Shelters. Call in to ask ? (619) 639-4612
Great trip to Portland today. Earned a new #digital #marketing retainer.
What hesitations or objections do these restaurants have with being included in the app?
Possibly because of their choice to create the news??? Duh!
is becoming one of the biggest mma fans. Mave to hit up the next jiu jitsu class
Yes indeed
That's Why i NEVER Give second Chances Dawg ...
drinking very strong coffee out of my mug. starting a PhD in Technology and Social Behavior there in the fall!
We are officially home owners in Portland!
Done and done. RT : Keep the #LIDSlove coming!
Looking for young money
Calif's Prop 23 initiative defeated by voters -- state's greenhouse gas efforts will continue. Critical vote for global warming worriers.
Sucked out on in 2 huge pots should be over 300k at 150 or so
Need you like the sun, your the one <3
Going to be putting some new music out soon.
Fluoride in Water Can Pose Health Risks, Says People&#39;s Chemist Shane Ellison
I'm actually kinda jealous of it. I'm board and am trying hard not to let our weather get the best of me.
tell him it's someone you send when a foo wants to fight
We got any of you awake right now? We're feeling a little down as a band and need some motivation!
RT : Today at 6 PM, readings from Beauty is a Verb: The New Poetry of #Disability at the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor.
Finally in my lovely bed.
When you say your gonna do something do it.
Blue Jays fan that says don't give up! Alright, maybe our pitching prospects are better. Sorry.
#GoodNight to you all and to #TheLoveofMyLife (On Twitter only)
Without His love I can do nothing, with His love there is nothing I cannot do.
Cheese toastie and a cuppa tea. My life > yours.
They really needed to :(
H-SHEAR shout out FTW!
lol....i may that do often more
OK, we're copycats at HQ: hey comm colleges and CBOs, are you tweeting your need for volunteers? Miami Dade Single Stop is!
Don't forget to pray tonight because God didn't forget to wake you up this morning.
Has anyone ever approached you about using SHH as an piece in a uni class on education? There's so much to learn re Jonah
looks outstanding!
Thank you NSU for the First time. It was exciting to see my school in march madness!! Behold the Green & Gold!!
#Thingsinmylifethatarepriceless TRS shirts, guitar picks, drum head, drawings bracelet you can tell i love you.haha
Dinner! You know what to do!
It was good meeting, hanging out with #AAJA prez , #NAHJ prez and NAHJ exec director Anna Lopez-Buck at
Thank you for the #FF love
challenged by institutional friction at #usnatarchives; old guard resists change; old methods die hard and so too their adherents
I love
great, now I won't be able to to jog past them without getting all red-faced and embarrassed. Sometimes knowing is bad.
ASU Baseball now with at least 30 wins for the 50th straight season.
Love makes your life beautiful <U+2665>
haha I saw him, I was like woow goes great with your skin color.
has anyone written/read anything in-depth about Adobe Muse? looking to learn a bit more. links?.
good for u jaden hope u get betterkk you going on chat today jaden or no to sick
i guess you should have listened to them
happy travels girl! thanks for having such a blast with me! and I will get summa dat iceland some day ;)
I Love You DUH
so. tired.
Thank you for your 2012 Spirit of Volunteerism Awards sponsorship - you helped make this celebration special!!
I just read this again. Why not just use "pp" in pdb?
Did he make it rain? RT : There we go and a nice touchdown dance
“: Geraldine Ferraro....remembered as a trailblazer who broke down barriers.” As distinct from a trailblazer who did not???
RT : Yeah. Make it nasty.
Top 10 rejected Playtex sport tampon #soccer sayings: No hands in the box
twitter time with with
Sorry man,had plans to go to OC and C a metal covr band, wasn't excited, but a chance 2 C old friends. Then the punk show appeared.
Happy to say thank you!
You know llama has two l's
Not feeling too good. I had a pretty rough day. Maybe some sleep will help.
...and good hustle by Berkman (o, yeah, we want it)
"Get your customer experience right before you start spending money on marketing" #ebiznow Philly event
lol nevermind..... Didn't know she was on her way to htown..... I'll come tomorrow
Lindsay Lohan must be a slow learner. She keeps on repeating the same stupid stuff.
If The Phone Doesn't Ring, It's Me. ~Song title by Jimmy Buffet
-OMGGirlz on back on the countdown number6 Gucci This(Gucci That) Love
Oh my god, I am so on fire today, I can't even begin to tell you.
avi is cooler than cool. It's cold ;-)
where are you going?
I just want more knowledge. It's intriguing....
Thanks for attending. I don't have sites to recommend, but I bet you'd find plenty if you searched "writing fiction characters."
Forwarding an email from 2010 on banner drops from the dope cause he's so awesome
Why "half" whole grains? I think it's a longtime concession to big ag, not a health recommendation
HAHAHAHA! I just died when I read that! xD That was hilarious!
why are there so many fishing related twitterers following me? I think fishing is a perfectly good way to waste a boat ride.
I just made this account two days ago, & it would make my DAY if u followed me (: I Love You Austin <3
We've waited along time, let's raise our 25's up"!
whooaaa! where's that from? it looks good!
Madison teachers Kati Walsh, Karen Vieth and MANY others say "I trust Flores to make decisions for my students, NOT Burke."
dear : i've been waiting patiently (21 years) for a new album. if you make one i promise not to d/l it from :) thanks.
love u too ;)
bat signal = let's tap in!
Very Refreshing If we can combine all of the positive words w/ healthy images (esp in women's mags), maybe we'll see progress
REALLY?????? WAS HE CUTEE? btw did she change her name to frisking miller in the end?? she better not have.....
My heart is beating so fast..
Yes, pocky can be lunch :)
Draw something = khuttington
thats too poo wish the best for her
Good pt! ": "How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours.""
thank you for considering us :) hope to see you in again soon :)
have you tried a boot camp? My wife and I do one here in TX and love it! Great addition to your regular workout!
#NLCATLANTA While your young people will want to help you. once you hit 40...you should have it all figured out.
That sounds as un-appetizing as it gets. RT : Spaghetti tacos? This radio commercial just crossed the line o_O
#FF I start shooting with them on Monday in Memphis!
media guru of #CIFF, is headed to Bhutan in May. (had to look up where it is, and how to spell)
I was poli sci before I switched to theatre...do you feel like there are a lot of directing undergrads studying it for grad?
Lebron doesn't even have the guts to take the big shot!
The #TTOT hashtag is also usable during the week for your travel-related tweets/questions.
From earlier, re: parenting. A little disjointed :)
their is only 1 king. Michael Jackson is the ONLY KING and hes ALWAYS will be. WE LOVE YOU MICHAEL
please follow ! its JADEN SMITHS FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY ! GO FOLLOW & ENCOURAGE YOUR FOLLOWERS TO DO THE SAME! XOX
“If you are really effective at what you do, 95% of the things said about you will be negative.” (Scott Boras)
thx. That means a lot. :)
The new website will be completed by June 1, 2012...
": S CLUB 7 will reunite for a series of gigs and are in talks to sign a two-album deal."
What's up D!
or freaking awesome...
Pizza Hut is buzzing: - RT Pizza hut salad bar would go down a treat right now
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me
I played David Carradines social worker on a Ep of Family Law I told him I grew up on his show He said I looked too young 4 that
Most of the time the voices in my head are telling me to tell you to shut the hell up!
Weiss We r trying 2 change from compliance driven org 2 an org that holds grantees accountable & helps them succeed
“: ugh exam 3 in human systems this morning.... not gonna end well... Wish me luck ! #almostdone #hatinglife”Luck
Definitely not as easy as before
Yes, you saw through me. Statement on not pushing novel cuz it's not for all = me pushing my novel to those who are not all
that's nice and i have seen you'r latest photoshoot wow you are sexy.
Don’t change so people will like you. Be yourself and the right people will love the real you.
so i t was the glasses or my head?
Mornin everyone this is,the first time im up early
sure you can. what do you want to do? email me tomorrow
Now when I call she tryina be my damn friend talm bout sum aw gee this yo number) (yes bitch it surely is)
Thanks! I'm excited to try your food for the first time tomorrow.
Me To I Laughed To Hard ^.^ But It's So True !!
> so so excited to see you on The Celebrity Apprentice.
...See more crazy shirts like this one at www.insanityshirts.com
Unfortunately, unless knocks out , he has no chance. Judges won't hand Money first loss on the cards.
Partying in Florida! What a great place and some partying people. Lord help us, we love it here!
lol...u crazy!! Yall some good ass detectives doe...but sometimes a nigga be tellin the truth and he still get interrogated
Super excited to see & in Evita tomorrow!
thanks Leah! And Happy Monday!
Thank you. Yes I do my own artwork. Do you sell via Smashwords to Barnes & Noble? If so, is it successful?
well come see me you'll have fun then
Um fuck it waffle extravengenza this morning let's do this
Will district 17 continue with the "same ole same ole" or will they rise above the norm
Yes! I'm so jealous. I know I love how they were paired together. I am so attached already.
I do this
okay, i got some of em pulled up
it offended me 2 iotas less than your poor Whitney Houston coverage. U made inexcusable mistakes summarizing her career
Amazing dinner at Felice, my neighborhood jewel. The bartenders are geniuses and I am drunk from my Manhattan. Good times.
slow motion for everybody
Just watch the cartoons man, please no more sequels/remakes/movie versions of shitty toys.
I wish she was my bff ): lol
It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men
Agree! RT : It is also acceptable to refer to that area as "God's Country." Congrats.
thank god today is early release
99% of guys are hot. the other 1% go to my school.
Bloagception: when you dream about getting a bloagie while eating a hoagie while getting a blowjob. LMAO
hahaha of course you are! although rumor has it that according to willy a "mini Brendan Herr" is joining the team.
which parts of info theory? never thought of info theory as singular but maybe that is because of my illiteracies.
great meeting last night. Tapp is such the master photoshop guru. You can see his passion in his work.
Why does so many people got Swagg as there damn name?? Most if em aint gotta swag orno type of husstle #WTF I hate that word SWAG-played out
android has temple run now
I love the delta!
Babe's and #Ranger baseball... What a fantastic combination!
I need to get back on the social media bandwagon...
Lil Brian and I enjoying our Saturday morning watching cartoons
Do we get a Teaser for
I want wasabi on everything.
Just saw #EddieMurphy's #ThousandWords and I loved it. What a funny, powerful movie.
Snowstorm in April? Weird.
thank you!!!
Great Easter Photos
*in your dreams* maybe lol
life is a bitch and yu know nothing about it ;) soon baby
Good morning/afternoon #BEARSNation! Have a great a productive week
or westbound... BWHAHAHAHAHA ; )
you were so awesome on So Random! I cant stop watching your performance. 143 Follow me Please
Thinking about a specific person in life... I LOVE U!! <3
We Will Never Be The Same!
: Michael Gray's "The Weekend" and Madison Ave.'s "Don't Call Me Baby" #YAS!!
whut up follow back
Did you know? Our wax contains no alcohol and is made from 100% natural beeswax and the finest polymers
sometimes i wanna go back and live in france but nah . miami is better:D
Thanks for the follows , , Marilyn , , & publishing.
You're smarter than me.
Dear Santa, I need a f'n refill!!
RT : Collinsworth is full of it. That's not Herzy's space that deep.
It's still early, but feeling good about this! They seem focused and determined for the home crowd!
hi, I dunno where/why that RT came from, but I've never used the MM myself. Sorry!
One direction has seriously taken over my whole entire room
2 really great bloggers have signed up to read the opening of WAIL! Morning is off to an exciting start.
Im all over that ice cream beat like sprinkles (;
Taking my talents to university of central Florida next year with
Pizza, Pizza, Pizza, Pizza!!!!!
You're hilarious, lol. RT : The heat makes me SHIT <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> a lot that's why I eat at night when it's cool in the summer time
They're amazing dancers, but I didn't expect like, those songs being played one after another lol
So good to meet you at #AERA2012! Looking forward to following your tweets. Let's stay in touch.
Why are you at five guys eating mcdonald's?
My favorite team name we made this year was 1 Less Monkee Jumping on the Bed after Davie Jones died. cc:
all in good time my friend. all in good time.
pressing sangiovesse and nebbiolo today...puts me in the mood for pizza
Aw shit is this the sex scene. lol watch my mom walk in.
I love giving advice and all but I kinda have my own problems too..
For example, no Sweden-Czech Republic at all here in the States. Again, thanks
Yes. Blah actor. He doesn't DO much in the book. But readers get his awesomeness. Creepy for a 39-yr-old woman to say! : )
no my older brother Trent did.
<<<< how could I not follow this?
that's a big Twinkie. You guys should put a deep fried Twinkie on the menu called "The Big Twinkie"
I wish seamless had rewards...
No what lol?
woo! Have fun!
HM... depressed :/
Amazing night with friends and family and STRYKE percussion ensemble :)
Great game but why is a game 7 still on after midnight central??? Are we going back to tape delay playoff games aka DVR???
Bored af out here.. Need sum fresh air tho
insert joke about testing for expected behaviour here.
key for academics to write for the public. With a public in mind.
Will you please talk to me im a huge fan i love you please reply :D:D:D:D:D follow me to please
packing for my moving.. can't believe I have accumulated so much stuffs living here 3 years..
At the mall with my babe <3((:
I sound "professional" according to #oomf lol
I can never find the perfect phone case
almost crying at the bus stop and no one even said anything. yeah, today's gonna be hard.
True broncos' fans rejoice! Peyton to sign and tebow to be traded!
The road to success is always under construction. RT
aw. so wish with all my heart that i could go!
And this is where it all started...
Yes people I am GRINDIN HARD PUSHIN IT TO THE LIMIT OH IT'S GOING DOWN BECAUSE I'M FALLING UP!!!!!!!
Musical Murderers #Tonight 10pm
Small city big dreams <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0087><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0086>
hello! does your gallery have live bands ever?
I do too! Their the worst! ):
Disrespect isn't cool, but respect is. Therefore I have something that needs to be worked on.
You've got me curious. RT: Good story when u get to ride your bike around the lake. But best part is the guy I rode with.
Im so stressed out... what tf do i wear tmw!
Support the Women's Soccer team tonight as they take on Wisconsin in the first round of the NCAA tournament. 5:00pm at Valley Field
Hey everyone just came back from the C-mas break. I never take my computer or phone when family is first. So I am back.
Drake & Josh and Twitter are keeping me from my homework so much right now.
Twitter is blowing up with this Obama announcement!
Federal vs. States. Micromanagement from D.C. is the issue of the day.
Wings! YUMMY!!!
closed minded RT : I read a tweet that says u hv leftist leanings?...I appreciate ur service but no desire to follow left?
Laughing because he's obnoxiously high, gotttaaaa love people!
Pretty sure my wife just out-cooked everyone in the South tonight
Coach specifically mentioned recruiting abroad. & At the Winter Meet & Greet @ BRIX in Dec. he said Spring games safe "for now"!
FW: God Has Seen You!! God has seen YOU struggling with some thing. God says its over. A blessing is coming your way. If you believe in ...
where u from
HA. No.“: tried nutritional yeast for the first time. I don't care what you dirty hippies think, it does NOT taste like cheese.”
Haircut, bank, dinner with Ally's family, then Longstreet with friends ! Gonna be a good night.
in lieu of nickel, we use silver for its superior conductive properties.
Final vote now taking place.
48 hours to our convention! In the meantime.... March Madness!
: I thnk I've jst had the best show of my life. U people were fucking outstanding. I'm blown away. congrats... Cnt wait 2 hear it!
Your left ear is more responsive to words of love and emotion whispered into it than the right
sweet!haha no one i live by has my name but a lot of people on Twitter do! =p
Always think positive guys.. *Falls DownStairs* Man I got down those stairs quick.
Workouts are like brushing my teeth; I dont think about them, I just do them. The decision has already been made.
I'm having to rebuild my nagiosxi server, and it's all my fault, not a good day at all.
There *are* backup generators, lights in hallways on & 1 elevator/bldg working. Need food & they're serving light snacks & drinks
New show announcement coming next weekend!
come to the back! I have candy!
Thanks for the #ff. Hope you're having another GREAT friday this week.
I know it's weird, but I seriously love April showers!!
"a mile? that's like 50 feet in "Janice miles"" // haha. Normally, yes. I am so overwhelmed/ tired/ in need of a vacay!!
Want to join us at Prost?
absolutely! The IDELT will take up most of your time during the week but you'll have time on the weekends.
Good i hate faires anyway !
5 tickets left for tonight!
what are the best protein sources in a raw veg diet?
I hear ya. The day is a total haze if done correctly :)
its an amphetamine type drug. also a evergreen style plant.
“: I love books, but the truth is that architecture inspired me to become an architecture critic. And love of writing.”
Gold coast 17U looking strong
Homemade pea soup for lunch! Yummmo!
About to be in the city of Weed California
Only 10% of people moving to AZ are over 65. Most are between 20-29. As heard at AAED lunch w ASU prof.
I stay up too late
Hunt: kept a journal in my four years there. When I read it later, material didn't fit together...
yea! heading to the Neighbo(u)rhood opening with some real, live Northsiders!
Swag. RT : Just got to La Costa CA looking forward to new territory: defending a title :)
Getting ready to upgrade from FCP 6 to FCP 7... Scary! My theory has always been "if it ain't broken, don't fix it". But here goes!
"Without a sense of Urgency,Desire loses its Value"--Jim Rohn...Wednesday is the Third day of the Rest of your Life, Live Your Purpose Now !
doesn't quite have the same punch to it...that is for sure!
So F&*KING PISSED OFF
Dear design/fashion bloggers: please, please, PLEASE source your images! I hate finding a lovely pic, and the only source is… your Picasa.
The well is what Tomorrow not school
Oh I'll chk that out?? I'll go to my acct on Amazon!
Had a great time tonight with my babygirl!
T3 - more layers really needed on top of existing rules? inconceivable to me that mistakes are more likely with newer health IT
What a well accomplished day!
okay yea people are right u are turning into a jerk
I'm a HUGE fan of tattoos, so glad we connected, you need to hook me up:)
Free Dessert per table with purchase of entree when you check into Oz Korean BBQ on your Yelp, Foursquare, or Facebook phone apps!
Be who you are and say what you feel. Those who mind don't matter & those who matter don't mind. Paris Hilton / Hayavi Moradi , 05-03-2012
listening to music you?
that's amazing! Love it.
": Now that Prince Fielder is gone, Nyjer Morgan has become my most hated Brewer. #Cubs" ha I just bought a NM jersey. AH!
I missed yyoouu !
“: Homework all night so I can get wastey tomorrow at the show without guilt.”m
Spent the day interviewing mall Santas and did not eat one candy cane. Surely that qualifies me for major Nice points.
I'm heading to the holiday inn party -aka- my room.
Monday morning begins with work in DC, Denver, Atlanta, and Santa Cruz.
Don't waste time with people who see you as you were instead of as you are. If they can't let go of the past, let go of them.
390 is quite scary. Avoid it if you can.
Just saw best use of a master chief spartan full kit....6 man drinking game..
UNC journalism school drops spelling part of test
'm so glad I'm not alone. I dislike that about myself and I want my kid to be better! How do you deal with that? Or do you?
You can use twitpic . com too!
Everytime I go on 's page, it says " is not following " Still... Maybe someday that will change. :'(
It also isn't available for Android. And I do have the latest and greatest there (Motorola Atrix). :( Pout.
1 MONTH UNTIL RACE DAY! Time is running out. Register TODAY & receive $5 off w/ Referral Code ONEMonth. Please share w/ your friends!
Woo! My new MacBook Pro is in Memphis! That means it will be at my doorstep tomorrow morning.
hope you get better soon!
don't hate they'll be back next year with D-Will
So I'm just going to cry, and do my science lab.
I get so nervous when Im singin or actin in front of people But I love it I just gotta get used to it then I'm gonna do auditions
COMMENT if you made a few memories this weekend...LIKE if you could never tell what happened to your parents.
I wish someone would go to DQ with me..
How to Demonstrate the Value of Social Media to Your Boss
Who else hate when your in the public bathroom and someone comes to the urinal next to u
I need a haircut!!!
happy weekend!
- can you send it to me to my email so I can just froward it
Goodnight my fellow freaks, geeks, wannabes, and HOOLIES. Not that you guys are freaks or anything... Erm.... I WUV YOUU!! :'3
I gotta piss like a Russian race horse
I suck at remembering names however I never forget a beautiful face.
Ain't no boy out here faithful I dont care what nobody say
got it
It's not too late to come to the HWI. Check it out www.heartlandworshipinstitute.com
Thanks for the RT !
Missing him(:
Thank you, it did help. I submitted my question. Thanks again.
my shoes aren't hooking right now, I think I need bigger soles.
Justice is the constant and perpetual will to allot to every man his due. - Domitus Ulpian
The Rolling Stones&#39; Brian Jones slept with &#39;64 girls in 19 days&#39;
Gratitude for family, clean water, hot showers and freedom to pursue happiness
Excited to play at the "World Famous" Whisky A Go Go in L.A. on May 11th!
Says the man with a heart of stone.
Happy Mothers day :) & goodmorning
LOL fun :) OMG I think my sister is hunger games crazy , while I'm 1D committed (:
We dined on Ostrich burgers at after practice! Surprisingly good! We love em as well as abusing exclamation marks!
Sounds good.
OH MY GOSH! That has got to be the cutest puppy ever. What breed? A spaniel?
being a newb
I hate him!
I tend to get a lil jealous at times..
Japanese Translations in DUB by pon all online stores, Seen?
I think I want to dye some Easter eggs ...I miss my family and friends
It is 82 degrees
I have a love hate relationship with Jon. Lmfao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Thx. Doesn't seem to actually say much of substance, though.
Just saw Breaking Dawn :)
It's amazing how has changed the way we watch national speeches
#imagine you are at this party and you are dancing when Harry comes from behind u and pulls u closer to his body and you have a dirty dance
we have our groundbreaking on may 14...generally it is about 12-14 months to build from the ground up so spring/summer '13
We've got free tickets to our show with Concrete Grip at the A Club on Saturday October 8th. Come and get 'em!
shout out for
It's ok! I am a survivor! ....just like beyonce and those other two girls that no one can remember
RT Do you see a Mayweather / Pacquiao fight in the distance?
Last day of Art City Austin! Cool artists,live music & delicious foods! Drop in & say hello on your way in/out of festival. Love to see ya!
|#quotes The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment.
Well, once it's determined, make sure you buy a ticket this year! ;-)
lol spending time with my niece, and no worries, just got back from a very long walk. I know the mission. eye always on the prize
God is flexing His muscle here in Arlington.
Anyone do photography? needs new photos :)
Jealous of your lunch!!!
excited to see you both there!
Data management!
Best friend= 2 coffees?
damn! Creative indeed ;)
#TwSIG 60 ideas for using Twitter in the classroom has all sorts of uses for different levels of education.
Somebody told me they didn't like instagram because it's not "fun" ! Wtf supposed to be fun about it ?
Welcome, Mario Williams, to the Great football town & best fans in NFL, no contest – just ask &
Soccer Final Tomorrow !! #Ready To Kick Some But
happy 2012 to you!
Thanks for having me on your show earlier this month. How's your business going?
You are only coming through in waves
I don't care. What do you wanna do?
Wondering whether the shaft of my husband's one wood is too stiff. Good thing can't make anything dirty of this.
I will prepare and some day my chance will come.
Are you a high school student interested in journalism?! Join us at #TeenLifeLIVE NYC and check out our sponsor to learn more!
I can't find mine
#sanchez Super comfortable and relatable. Don't like first slide.
wooop! where is said garden going to be?
There are over 10,000 varieties of #wine grapes in the world. Retweet which style of wine you are partial to?
NEA Itching for a Cure 5K Walk to take place on April 28
That is awesome! So proud of you!
lol i love u most xD <U+2665><U+2665>
I do use Pandora, but I was bored of my stations. I'll give the early jazz a go this morning. Thanks!
Dynamo sing Costly!
"All he knows is highways and brokenhearts"
Happy thanksgiving everyone :D
Thanks for the great photos of us 88 Veterans on your Tweet & Facebook who took the campaign training last week!
Work soo damn dead omg im losin my mind
Who wants to comeover? :)
Thanks for the follows , , , & Bob
Have you ever had the Police called on you? If so - why?
Guess its bout that time! :)
Playing poker. Yay this isnt going to go well
My 21st bday is dec 3 it would be awesome for u to give me a shoutout i would flip..
How long you there?
Just heard CEO & VP NA of Exlibris talk about the future of the company and its product.
On another note, why must the ATL airport ALWAYS have massive delays? That's what I get for pulling an OJ Simpson through the airport :(
Great! Thank you again for joining us!
hey don't shush me!!! Meanie!!!
RT : Win tickets to 2011 Toronto! If we reach 500 followers by Feb 4th all followers could win pair of 2-Day GA TIX!
Exhausted all my online votes. What's the limit on phone votes?
when someone can change your mood just by smiling, keep them around :)
I will for sure (: But first I need to meet him though!
happy birthday!!! I'll sing when I see you !!! ;)
Thanks!! I'm excited!
I'm with the MONEY TEAM ToNIAught!
New students. Free sunrise #yoga tomorrow (Tuesday, April 19th) at 6:15am with All levels welcome.
Mark Twain was born today in 1835. On education: "It is noble to teach oneself, but still nobler to teach others--and less trouble."
Don't wanna be here right now...don't wanna be anywhere right now...
nun working u ?
he's great, taking care of my sick butt like a good boy lol
I agree! looking forward to my commute home.
pfffft.... u following me makes me cry
Stupid question coming at you via PM *headdesk* I have the memory of a sieve.
now that says it all, Sarah:)
RT For A Safer Way to Secure Funding. Checkout this site... Bit.ly/fundingprogram via
I need help I need followers please help me I follow back ):
Congrats for the nice qualifying to 15th & 16th for tomorrow.
Welcome to the ATX. Hope San Antonio and Houston treated you well.
You guys still around? and I are thinking of meeting up around 1:30/2 today for a bite to eat
doin all this school work this week is changin my outlook on life. Finally somethin to work for
Why should I listen to you, anyway? You're a virgin who can't drive
asdkilfjlsejfknsal... Woah! Is it hot in here... or is it just ? ;) hahah! P.S. Don't tell him I said that! ;) lol! :P
The is open for business. Water service has been restored to the RMC.
note to self: do not remotely reboot all the set top boxes in the house while 5 year old is watching dino dan
having to take care of your younger sisters at their worst = perfect form of birth control.
there she is... the best thing about the temps dropping is snuggling up with our furry friends
Oh, you're good. I start to miss my bed around 10pm.
tnks for saying
You seriously Light Up my Life Lonny!
do u have a facebook
That looks like Wild Adventures in Valdosta Georgia (:
i think that is for you to decide. :) I think Telescope Eyes is pretty romantic. I also play an acoustic version of it
I'm holding you to this. You better personally deliver the good news of tour dates via twitter too. Can't wait to see you!
Great workshop today. Inspired by the talent and commitment! A great Sunday in the theater...
We would like to wish our marketing coordinator a #HappyBirthday!
I hate #fearmongering! But we moms r so susceptible! Do you know ? Great posts w real science!
Friday Night Lights is a great movie!
: What #photographers are your favorite to follow on twitter? >>> #followphotog is an OG. Follow him
Danny Green has 9 points in the third quarter, 11 for the game. The Spurs lead the Jazz 70-63 with 2:40 left in the quarter.
I heard if you keep trying it works, and you should try buying one at a time!
Just booked a flight to Denver this month!
Only God can stay the waves of anarchy & disunion & make the passions of men subservient to His will.
well, it wouldn't be private in the true sense. other members will be there. but i could do a private someday on f4f i guess
Worried about Friends in Nashville.. Praying for u guys!! stay safe...
Looks mean too much to people nowadays .
I'd say that is a totally awesome emcee for the #SoMe awards!
#americanhorrorstory is the most disturbing show I have ever seen.... And I love it.
": what nahh kiddo that's not me" oh course it isn't
Watching the boondocks
hey thanks, sounds cool. Love Shaun of the Dead and Zombieland!
New DNA testing may free convicted Colorado killer
#np next 2 you- chris brown ft. justin bieber :]
In honor of it being "Jersday"....I GTL'd. :)
I hope u have a great time at ur prom and just be careful love ya
They're great. Thanks!
follow me? :3
you know I'm feeling this. Sam Dower is feeling it right now too
Too perfect Gotta buy an Animals record today for sure Still singing!!! A SXSW moment to say the least "that is every song I've ever writte
It sounds fine! Thanks :)
Raised near 100k yesterday! If you were inspired, you can plunge in MKE on 03/03!
eeew - sorry...at least there's golf :)
RT : Your brand is what people say about you when your not in the room
Workout tip #2 for time starved #startup founders- workout in half your normal time, but do upper body dumbell exercises in a sumo squat.
have you heard it you might not like it:)
I think you'd like my math class...Chuck Norris posters everywhere!
Fuck you cancer.
Thanks! We love it too!
Your brother should check us out! We are a service/ app to help in case of fire or natural disasters
Was just coming home. And what a day to be here! Beautiful!
IF U FUX WITH #DASUPAVILLIAN LET IT BE KNOWN... POST A SONG OF HIS ON YOUR TIMELINE #DMV WHADDUP SHOW SOME LOVE
Wow! Thank you. Now I am going to look to you for compliments & advice on amazing shoes.
just saw on my local news that gallup is reporting RMoney 47% and PBO 44%?
the chick at the store was like aim high I say #SPACESHIPSBITCHES and Majic iPhone 6.... Nah but I got another phone
NOw Follwing !!!! Follow him y'all
I'm coming, coming, back, back to JERSEY.
Well that and if she was really ugly.
it only comes out when im mad
To those of you who got a FREEPRINT, they're all packaged up and ready to ship. The deal is now closed.
Count it the greatest sin to prefer life to honor, and for the sake of living to lose what makes life worth having.
Is real #fucked up in de head. And on #top of that is #blazzed as a #stoner GodsGirl777
Great night of Boot Camp! I couldn't ask for a better group. You guys crush it everytime! Your success stories are going to be AMAZING!
Question that #sdcouncil of course never will ask: Is there a better ROI available elsewhere?
PRINTELOPE PRINTING SPECIAL! Mention Twitter when you order & get 20% off TODAY!
studying for dr. pok's class is impossible... :(
Had a moment of inspiration (and a dash of dumb luck) this afternoon with my 1st #JBDStyleChallenge! Shopping DONE! Off to shoot video next!
If I could you find now, things would get better. We could leave this town & run forever. I know somewhere, somehow we'll be together.
Ok tweeter, if anyone really uses this a lot ...please show me the ways LOL, I have so much to say and feel that its not getting out
yes! and a medium.
I feel like I live in the middle of the ocean you can't see the ground! And our electricity just went out! Stop raining!!!!
": U were named after the receptionist who overbooked the abortion doctor" No wonder you married a hack. You're just as bad
#WeWereCoolUntil you opened your big mouth.
Learned from and You cannot afford to mind your business If you are to lead.
Not havin a girl is weird. I b wantin stuff brought for me n shit
Dont wanna go home(:
Best of luck, Tony. You'll be great!
How is everyone else doing this fine morning... Spring is in the air and it smells fresh
every night is a bad night to be a Boston fan.
A humbling experience - Thinking you're the man for getting a cute girl's #, only to find out the # she gave was to Papa John's Pizza!
I was thinking of the "josh hamilton goes to celebrate in Hamsterdam" jokes. Didn't actually tweet one though.
#Once in a lullaby to start at #tribecafilmfest. Sitting with co-producer So happy for the kids.
How's everybody's Friday going? Any local shows we should know about?
Really PLL? How many Hitchcock Psycho homage's can you have in an episode? But I'm okay with it.
Thanks for including our blog post in the Young_At_Hearts Online Daily!
Sunshine I'd really like to tell you Oh my sunshine Even though your skies are blue
I hate when I leave my phone in my room expecting no one to text me, and of course everyone does and I feel like a bitch for not replying
Heard of it, but know little about it.
I am ready to be entertained!
As we mentioned late last night...apologies for the momentary pause on #CoMoFirstKickCountdown, but today we're catching up!
welcome back to BOS Did you get a good view of the #BostonBlackout from the air?
Will share my experiences in Nicaragua being called a "negra mas fina" in comparison to blacks on the Atlantic coast. Heard it all the time.
meh. off to interview...
and I are working on a new idea and are curious to see if we are taking the right first steps. May I e-mail you?
Go into your account, change your email and change your pw. If you can't, you may have to go to Twitter about it.
Hope the hubby gets home soon....so excited for the game(s) tonight!!!!
I know. He also asks for money sometimes. I mean, Dude, you have a tattoo of a swastika...
yes. I do drink pabst. :)
on ooVoo with my gay lover. I'm a whore.Oh not my boyfriend by the way.
haha i know right :P
Have a safe trip. :) Love ya! <3
Dougie* you can break her like a twig, she should learn to shut up!! #hahah love my bff, (:
I'm not really sure.
- our own is a lover of both Gluhwein and Budapest
Drake "find your love" still my song
Wish I knew @ twitterfall when I did my culture essay lesson a few weeks ago!
Hold events in the morning. That will give radio reporters time to get ready for afternoon shows, and TV reporters time for evening news.
I have a hard time w 120 choices at my fav place down here. I can't even imagine over 500.
[Campus Bulletin] Starting next week, all students wishing to eat at the Taco Bell, Chick-fil-A, or Subway will need a 24-hr reservation.
sorry about that I'll keep ur bag a little longer
HA! Well played.
Just go to a brewery tour and get drunk. Yeah. That's what my city has to offer.
that's an awesome song!! Hahaha
they are very cute. thanks, kevin.
Tennis Anyone? Just arrive at La Jolla Beach & Tennis Club... Me vs. Seniors. Bring it!
Mhmm I love you so much baby words can't explain (: <3
Oh no i'm drunk already
He doesnt go 2 our school anymore so idk when the next time ill get 2 see him
Hello and thank you to all my new followers.
nvm forget what I just said just erase it
and at the GAC shuffleboard tourney
Agh, my mouth is so dry :/
I hate the fact when us black people enter Store's the workers be like "YOU NEED HELP" .... I be like "DAMN I JUST GOT IN HERE"
After my midday recess session, I really don't want soup.
#What2ChainzWouldSay. Is a disaster. he is gone write all these tweets down and make an album
they need to be taught responsible use ie. looking at wiki sources. We can't stop them from visiting it
Life is, more than anything, wishing you were Theodore Roosevelt when you're actually Rodney Dangerfield.
Did you see sluts in long pants? Halter tops? 8 inch platforms?
FLOTUS is beautiful. Crush...
THEY WANT YOU TO TAKE THE ROLLS
hi i love this pic of u on the Tran it is pretty
Heading to a new tea room discovery. Enchanted Garden Tea Shop in La Mesa. What's your fav tea room anywhere on earth?
Thank you so much! You're making me cry...
follow for all the latest news on #COD #BlackOps and a chance to purchase a copy of the game a week early
"The brighter you are, the more you have to learn." - Don Herold
s/o too :) #teamifollowback sweetie*piez
Thank you for the
happy to hear that!
RT : Gone on hiatus...
SHAYTARDS DAILY VLOG EATCH IT IT IS AMAZING YOUTUBE
Anyone else get a sneaky tweet from ? Sounds like SOPA Part Deux.
Finally got my state tax refund. Better late than never.
or Rene Gonzalez or eve Craig Worthington
Contestant 4 is Fred Zajac founder of Veteran Career HQ, a workforce mgmt solutions provider, connecting HR depts with unemployed
oh shitttt. Can't wait :)
don't need one trust me My gun is loaded
Thank you for the follow, looking forward to tweeting with you. have a great week
if you're asking if the peace plan has failed, you failed.
Indy!! Tonight , Female Soul Vocalist Renee King & Rhythm Park. 8PM.
So St. Valentines Day is tomorrow.....any takers? :P
The best! He's been refining it since birth. ;-)
#whosgonnalose - Orange Bowl - Georgia Tech v Iowa - Ga Tech will lose
Me: Taking pic of blackbird. Guy on park bench: "Hey, that bird is copyrighted!"
English law (with Spanish community property law), instead of Roman law. Happy Texas Independence Day!
Hahahaha I love you hailstorm
kk thank you so much
Since Sarah Phillips was a Pac 12 student and Jim Donnan's scheme was bigger, is that another win for the SEC?
Damn ima miss her
"If one believes in a different past, on has to believe in a different future." ~Gordon Wood (2008) #Tweetsfromthe(Recent)Past
listen to AM radio those freaks are everywhere and they vote and contribute to PACs
I remember how happy i was when i saw had tweeted me <3 :)
#NE all day!
Ah yes. That's one of the reasons I chose the commuter. No problem in my regular clothes--skirts even (which I am wont to wear).
Me: Mom... Dad.. I decided to live on my own from now on. Them: Ok, cool. Me: Your luggage is outside
It's getting crazy in herrrree! Performing soon! Get here! with
Beautiful love!
Tomorrow will make the 2 weeks mark til my EPA exam! One thing at a time!
if my voice starts changing and i start having violet mood swings its the steroids not me
Mexican experts find ancient blood on stone knives
RT : Park Bolton designed by nominated for #Industrial Dev. of the Year! #NAIOP Rex Awards,
Happy fathers day
Where did you get that nonsense about Jews hating Indians?
maybe. Might be going for school. I'll know more in a few weeks. I'll keep you updated.
You are stole my heart! Love you <3 :) x
Been a crazy, busy week w/dress rehearsals every nite at Narroway, but there's just nothing like it, blessed 2 be a part! All 4 His fame!
Gonna watch the Will Ferrell/Raymond Carver movie. Only because the title does not contain "What We Talk About When We Talk About"
got my autograph yesterday, thank you!!
Bulls and dollar burgerss !! Come Into rookies tonight!
Be sure to check our web page for information on College Football and TV -- Baldinger
We will send you a free sample in the mail! Ready...TWEET
follow us now
Do what makes you happy. Be with who makes you smile. Laugh as much as you breathe. Love as long as you live.
Shout out goes to the Latina at Mcdonalds that made these tamales I'm about to eat. Smells like its going to burn!
Ukuleles. The preferred choice for crappy jingles for years.
iGot my cousinn on HOLD ' why my ear ' phone s in MUSIC First bby > 3
can't wait for #eecms v3 - excited just off of the shots from
Had an audition for #dunkindonuts yesterday I feel good about... grew up on the stuff and loved it!
MT Tell to stop their #VeriGreedy practices and respect workers and customers! Call 800-229-9460 now
That's cool, it is a fun one :)
I want to do a cauldron version of the timbers Tetris -
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
A big Holiday Shout of "Thanks!" to recent follows: I appreciate expertise!
See you Monday? #theWeddingParty at with for
tweet me MAHONE SOLD OUT NYC!
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything. Mark Twain
me too! even got my roommates on board with it :)
abby drinks puss.
at work
ARIANA IS OUR QUEEN :D
well thank you! c:
Wow, what a fantastic meal. Currently eating the leftovers. I definitely need more...”
i'm so glad i know how to bake since i'm hungry all the time.
It's refreshing to actually see a kid shy away from all the ESPN/press conference announcing hoopla.
#teamsharon for the gold!!!
i've participated in networking games similar to firefly at other events and they seemed to have more participation.
You're welcome! That Wine Place is a good look!
--- At least my stuff is organized in *some* fashion. Right?
We took the game for a test run, and it's actually really fun to play! He came up with the ideas -- I just made them look pretty.
what a steal
text me at random talking about "waddup"dont be mad when I ask who's this ---CLEARLY we don't speak so I just assumed you died or something
I think his instructions are pretty clear. Send him everything he needs to learn Cairngorm...for free of course.
Hairspray must sell like hotcakes in NJ
Thanks! You too.
At #VMA having a blast! Can't wait to see performances!
This is why there are iphone games...
sing along.
That sounds awesome RT : Hi, really liking the clothing. Do you mind if I do a post about your label on my blog?
BSO? ENJOY! I need to get out and see them (or any "classical" performance more.
yeah, no #kiroconnect for you. get on that website for us!
I've got a Roku XD, PS3, Xbox 360 and two HTPC. but the only one of those that was around the same price point is the roku.
If we were to make a pizza honoring #MUBB, what should be on it?
Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy
Oh, yes. But they're all friendly. RT : i think powell library has ghosts
Dear Alec Baldwin: After keeping me for 10hrs to play with you. Then you forgot over 20 x who I was, at which you were delusional.
So you've asked me questions about outlining & writing process ... what about you?
she's reporter. Love that you are also watching! Can't wait for to show his stuff on debates!
What are you talking about?
merry christmas debby ryan i love you ?
Just heard this in BYU housing "OH MY GOODNESS! Did she really swear?!"
let's not talk about HV..
haha about how I did at school
Everyone thinks I'm psychotic, except for my friends deep inside the earth.
Can QR Codes Help End Childhood Obesity? | Business 2 Community
She's amazing!!!! When can we bring some young people with my foundation to hear you speak again?
Be comfortable with yourself so your customers will be relaxed when you meet with them.
I do sometimes! We're hosting a Teen Tech Week technology share tonight. I hope it goes over well.
out with my mommy and Cali for mothers day!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2764>
done:) followed me Thanks!:)
no i tried with greenpois0n
#HHD have a good day :)
I love seeing people I know on The Dirty
- story on why Sunday talk shows continue to have Sen. McCain on at every opportunity. Quotes from bookers and critics.
the more symmetrical your face the more beautiful you are the less interesting...
i love hula hoops! haha.
everybody else gets earthquakes
Every time I hear a song on the radio and don't know the artist it turns out to be Adele.
I am Aldolpho
Cena back to the jean shorts???? smh
what am i doing up? #amiinsane?
Awesome, thx! RT ElaineMWay: So good to see the pets happy too!
Cabin fever....
Oh, we're getting a killer sick mural painted in our space. Portland artists unite!
How did you enjoy your time with us last night, Susana?
Ok ": txt me, its important"
Two compounds found in chocolate, N-oleoylethanolamine and N-linoleoylethanolamine, inhibit breakdown of cannabinoids like anandamide.
sound is totally making me swoon in this breeze tonight...can't wait for to come on
The New England Patriots will be facing the New York Giants in the Super Bowl XLVI on Sunday. Call at: 888-493-0004 & get your game tickets.
thanks jew bear
Just give me a f'n coffee!
"still covered in her yoke the wet drug of my addiction" otep is awesome!!
if it doesn't include an itching or burning sensation then you didn't do it right.
chorus rehearsal!
Somebody just got Instagram! So cool! More photos from Rio to come!
Whether or not this is a wise idea I don't much care to know
lol and that was before this weekend's mini-camp.
Nope, probably no clue. RT : I wonder if some people know how badly their favoritism hurts the people around them.
Pink gators, my Detroit players!
Yup!!!! Yall better make it back in time! RT : So Webbie on the 29th
God is trustworthy and always has resources to back his promises!!
they don't want blacks either.
love you.
Today is my last day of high school :')
Wow Worship was powerful this morning. If your missing Joy in your life, get to church for worship. You will find it.
Want to come for a luncheon in Beverly Hills? Oxygenetix wants you to come! RSVP to
you want some peanut butter?
I think I have a promo card for that. They do monthly showings, I believe.
my ex. Apparently he needs to follow me on Twitter to get the full effect of my hilariousness
omfg I can't wait! #BOYFRIEND!!! RT?!
Good morning Veronica!!
bout 2 head bak out the door
I just left class on my way :D
MAN #BIGRED KILLING ME
has a legit website now... Stacey = Original Member of the
Thanks Joe. Sad loss...
BWA! There. Did that scare your hiccups away?
Nice nice nice!
Don’t be discouraged. It’s often the last key in the bunch that opens the lock.
Rain cancels Nebraska spring game. NO REFUND for $10 ticket but fans can redeem for baseball/softball game. I'd be upset.
I already have!! Let's hope it goes from good to great one!!
Watch this space for an new #Easter #bitesize #resource! Can you guess what it might be??
Wes Gullett for Phoenix Mayor!
hope you enjoy it's beauty. Put up lots of pics
so sad tht a 3 day weekend had to end so fast i dont wanna go back to school im still sick ive been sick for like 4 days im NOT going
now they're playing followed by Annie Lennox's Ash cover of Ash at a different mall. is mall music good now or does my taste suck?
I already know my attire :)
If you haven't signed up for the do so immediately... it'll be the best looking thing in your inbox!
Indeed. Did you make a PhD decision yet?
hahahaha pay up kid
I didnt no whores had so much to say smh
I should really start a blog. Of course, I realize this at 11 pm the night before a graphic design project worth 25% of my grade is due.
I think im ready
"I learned that on Madagascar..." -
: when you tryna get em?// it don't matter to me
Thanks for the follow - looks like an interesting magazine!
Send me pictures of Incredible sunset!
Day 1 of birthday celebration was chocolate tour. Day 2: food and drink fair!
Silvy r u a fanatic? Some ppl may need to take shelter but i understand u lose rational thoughts when ur team plays.
U call people dumbasses & racists to stop them from telling the truth. Tells me all I need to know about you.
Ads and Heat scoreless after 1.
what are you curious about?
Why is it that the history of war is rarely as politically fractious as history of money? What does that say about money?
I love the way you have been playing, such heart and hustle...let's get that win!
get a life! no ones gona fall for you bs spam!
my argument isn't who is better between kim and nicki..every1 knows its kim even dick riders! My FACT is Nicki Minaj Is WACK
Holy Crap it's freezing in this room!! And I have to take a test that I'm probably gonna fail in here?! FORK this!!!
Why did Kinnear sub for Davis? I thought he was playing well in the first half...
I actually went to a rodeo for a chic. Got up and left. Shoot me.
Nevermind we just have the three dumbest announcers known to basketball...jesus you guys are morons
Oh the delights of waiting until the last week of the semester to do everything.
why'd you send me that?
Thanks for the RT (agreed, silly but oddly true)
No, my beard does ": Chuck Norris swings a baseball bat made out of Batman"
Cornelius Tacitus~ It is the rare fortuene of these days that one may think what one likes and say what one thinks.
Lol I guess that IS a way to look st it RT I walk with a limp cuz im
Last meet of the season tomorrow, gonna miss track
any idea who this "doozy" new UB pro will be?
How many points
My teacher just said AC and it made me think of haha
I thought you'd never ask! *blushes*
5yr old: Why do I have to do what you say? Me: Cause I'm in charge. Him: You better talk to Mommy, I'm afraid she thinks SHE is in charge
" It's what's underneath your skin, the beauty that shines with in. " <3
Face Match is really awesome. Yay Hulu Plus. Also my living room looks really good after Ikea trip, people should come over.
Awkwardly walking around my neighborhood taking pictures of houses. #noshame. It's all in the name of photography...
Goodbye LA. Your weather is much too perfect for me.
Hi Sal - hoping to connect and discuss a speaking opportunity. Can you DM me an email address or phone #? - Trey
im going trick or treating!! :)if it snows then i guess ill have to go 2 the mall :P
IT'S GOING DOWN ONCE AGAIN! A HOST OF AMAZING FEMALE PERFORMERS R&B AT ITS FINEST! RED KIVA, 9:00 PM!! BE THERE!
my 92 y/o MIL loves you and even more for replying to my tweets. She is just grasping eBay let alone Twitter :p
Wow! Super Junior fanchants are intense too!
you too! We'll need to get together again soon!! You're the bees knees
We hope to see your team on Sat. for the debut of new home neighborhood, GreenDoor at Edenglen! 10am pancakes!
One of those days -__-
nice derp pass, Bosh
So bummed that doesn't have to 's 1st book to sell @ book signing. :(
I'm not nerdy enough to answer that question, alas. One of the tech crew would be better suited.
Oh, no. Not Isis!
Dance tonight! (: gonna be a fun night!
AMAZING! How was the Spotlight Award show last night?
Thanks for following - Would you be interested in becoming a sponsor for their annual #TSETC11 conference this Nov?
great article! J&J has always been cutting edge! This is very well written!
Um... Just had a listen back. #getexcited OMGosh!!!
Thanks for the mention!
Forgot I still had pizza rolls in the freezer. TONIGHT WE FEAST.
A much needed sight tonight
Dam RIPPED INTO & the #Heat #Lebron on totally loved it!!! Pacers could do this
Kamo yelling, "gala" real loud after missing third basket in a row.
Dipping our feet in the pacific ocean today, it's a first for most of us : )
the 19, but the party starts the 18th, that Friday night
I'm bowling in Ohio. Everyone Tebows when they get a spare or strike. Maybe I'll stay. . .
Join recruithighschool.com for free post highlight tapes and photos for free
Sure RT : do you guys take song suggestions through twitter??
OnAAir to donate Flat screen TV to an orphanage in Baja CA. as part of the BLUE-C / Wahoo's Baja 1000 Support Run
you're welcome! Oh wow that shows how observant I am lol, ill definitely check them out!! :)
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay Does everything really get better or do we just learn to put blinders on and deal?
Today is Suggest a Friend day! Promote the UMKC Alumni pages on Facebook and Twitter. Do you know alumni that are missing out?!
"she doesn't get on facebook because it's inorganic" spoken like a pro.
And of course I miss my other baby mama LMFAO :)
Next gig is Friday February 24th at Red Eyed Fly show kicks off at 9!
Success is my number one goal in this game called "LIFE".
getting a full night of sleep would be nice, but probably is not gonna happen ....
well you should aleast take not of the advertisers so there money wasn't wasted, carry on!!!
Thanking God for another's mother days with my mom(:
Garland Thompson shows unsettling photos of Nazi gas chambers for killing people w/disabilities. Used to perfect tech later used in camps.
Tomorrow night i'll be spinning w ! It's gonna be crazy
Rad! RT Taking the #Railrunner for a design session for the guide - hoping to launch before the end of 2010
Hopefully I passed my test!
Don't think I'm gonna let you piss in my face and tell me it's raining.
different standards which way, though? I see girls as better able to handle the responsibility than boys of the same age.
I love singing at the top of my lungs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> until my neighbors yell at me to shut up<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Alcohol is necessary for a man so that he can have a good opinion of himself, undisturbed be the facts.
New Jersey-Phoenix : New York-LA Cup final anyone?”
What about Charles Dickens cat paw letter opener at the NYPL....
Edmond de Concourt~ A painting in a museum hears more ridiculous opinions than anything else in the world.
I want to do less w/ less
lmao he's your favorite?
Hahahaha, I also looked you up and the mutual friends we have are some good friends of mine. some are at my school.
Everyone's sleep on me except my cousin like a goon!!!!
Despite popular opinion, I think 's new song #iFeelLikeDancin is actually pretty good. Come at me, bro.
Here's a mini guide to some DOOSH acronyms. DBAG: Don't Be A Gaper DBAT: Don't Be A Taper DBUNK: Don't Be UNKnowing
": it's #BOBMARLEY kinda morning..." Everybody and they mama smoke.
Just kidding...Saturday will be our big move to the new Kiss 97.3 studio. *date subject to change* lol
*SCREAMS* WHAT DOESN'T KILL YOU MAKES YOU STRONGER!
It's all about Sonya, btw.
Still at lakeside...ugh
": Beth luvs P****** ? There outed you I'm morse code."not even gonna say what came to mind 1st
I was trying to edit out your stomach growl in protools but I think it adds to the sound design.
Writers are welcome to join.
So I think I'll be moving to the West Coast in about a year. My places to live > San Diego, San Fransisco, Portland, or Seattle
I had a pet when I was 7.It was a fish named Finny.she's dead.well,I dont know is Finny a female or male.but I know I love her
Yes, it does mean that and it's working better than ever - very pleased with test runs today #Googel+
But does it give you access to the analytics too?
omg i love your background! enjoying twitter? haha
yes you did
#TennisTweetsFromBritainThatAreAccurateRT MURRAY YOU ARE ANNOYING!
<3 RT : How the fuck did Ana Steele make it to 2011 without an EMAIL ADDRESS?????
I feel like I have to do something but idk what it is
Love is like pi -- natural, irrational, and very important.
Just hit refresh on that page RT : is there a live show today Ilmy web link is showing a replay chat box?
Aha that there tho
I found a great set at Bed Bath and Beyond. Think it was Wilton. Holding up great after three years.
But rad, nonetheless!
I went to the Abbey Rd on the River Beatles Fest on the waterfront this weekend with Joe and Brian. A splendid time was had by all.
In exactly a month, I'm gonna need 30 hours worth of audiobooks for my train ride to Florida, any suggestions? YA ROMANCE LITERATURE PLOX
been a minute!
Hey stranger... want to add a blog post to madisonrealestatecareers.com ?
Dear Montana, your Chicago ads are good spend. I want to drop everything and #visitMT. Wait for me! I'll be there as soon as I can!
Our Hero got kicked out of the grocery store for having too much heart (and throwing things into baskets from 20 feet away).
Best birthday text today: "A salaam a lekem Brother Elvis. Allah's blessings upon you on this holy day. -L.F."
Life is renewed, Past is erased, it all came together, When I looked at things your way.!
Im.hi n i got Boil in my eye im touch everybody
That may be the end fix, but a long ways off from that!
#newbie diving in deeper: going from twitter-lurker to "participating in the conversation"
no prob got to follow back the fans
Titanic is the best movie ever. Ever. I saw it on Saturday and can't stop thinking about it.
Tax season has you stressed? Finish them up then head to our Yoga for Anxiety, Stress & Insomnia workshop w/Niya on Sun. ~ 12:00pm-2:00pm
#MadeUpFactsAboutAnimals Most octopi favor their right four tentacles, although about 10 percent are lefties.
Ah, peace at last, machine fully built and backed up. I think I'll turn UAC back on AFTER my code camp demos today just to be safe!
Imagine what your life would be like if you were not forgiven. Now think about what Jesus said was the greatest commandment
Make note everyone !! UKC PR GIDDIMS' SPOT / UKC GIDDIMS' CREME' is now stuck 2gether more Pups hopefully .2 litters coming up !!! :)
Whatever happened to western stories? Does no one write them anymore? The shelf at the bookstore is so small.
Time to
watch out for the cradle robbers
Justin bieber please follow me please I am a fan if u nevered followed me tweeted me dm me or retweeted me and that makes me sad so followme
"ill trade you a pickle for a nickle"
I'm still extremely young, I have a whole journey that awaits me :)
Third Eye Blind, April 27th at the Nuggett lets do it
oh it is!! Route 44 drinks to rehydrate.
ok ^_^ flat white and everything tinted ^_^ swagg Haha so I should call you OG Daniel from now on??
just a yellow card
Congrats 2 Susan Gunn & AMP! Metro Richmond 4 VA Mentoring Partnership award as the 2011 Outstanding Mentoring Program in Richmond.
it's a new world... Video and secrete tape recordings (as long as you are in the conversation) are admissible too..
Cool! When u get the chance could u send me the youtube link of your show #Mike'sEntertainmentAndSportsShow
Thanks! Cool to meet another fitness addict. :)
I think my parents are enjoying this "grandparenting" a little too much.. Sorry folks you'll have to wait a while longer...
Indeed they are. And one less follower- me.
#NHLplayoffs Pittsburgh VS Philadelphia
i remeber having a conversation with you in 4th grade about this. u said u were going to be a cool mom and wear flared jeans.
Safe travel & best of times, ole buddy! :)
Thanks Sweetie Boo!!
I love
thanks bro
Right! It was such a good idea for a FB contest & resulted in some beautiful photography (not to mention a couple hundred likes).
: "standards matter more than systems"
damn i hate when you just tie a shoelace then when you start walking the other shoe feels loose and you have to tie that one haha
Great. Thanks!
danger wanted to fight on our may 18 card. Crazy stuff
I was drunk
Rain rain go away...
Near Farmington, Ca, witnessing a real live California wildfire. Holy crap.
I hope the Chargers start out their regular season better than their preseason!
Haha, well I'm not on the fence on that one bit! But I've felt that way for a long time, and not just b/c of censorship.
RT - So, the Jacksonville Jaguars are moving to Los Angeles in the future. When will this happen?
This weekend is proudly sponsered by...trojan magnum condoms, seagrams extra smooth vodka, and nickey d's coney island....
Yes! That sounds great.
.yeah the allstate guy will plan a heist to progressive soon after using state farms magical powers.
I'll take the music...you take the cats.
MAN, COCO GON BE SICK TONIGHT!! CRANKIN THAT SHIT ALL THE WAY UP TONIGHT!!!
Seeking a Sr/Lead Generalist Programmer for my MMO Studio in the Bay Area. Hit me up if interested -
Happy Wednesday
I hate when you feel really really full like you're about to drop a huge shit and then you let out the greasiest fart
Never fails, the off ice officials screwing things up!
are def my fav band of all time!! but I love pop rock and punk and country lol…its a weird mix I know!!
do u think it will be ocho vs t.o. ?
How is it possible that Bud is quiet and resting every time I walk into the house and then IMMEDIATELY gets up and is noisy once I'm home?
don't forget about TLS fri :)
Jazz Stories starts ((((NEXT WEDNESDAY!!!)))) John Rangel at the Cooperage 7PM.
no, I don't have a fever, but it hurts my throat. sorry eyka, talk tomorrow, i must to go. bye, love u ;*
Miami marlins < one party rule.
abandoned backpack under bench shady grove bound side of platform at gallery place.
Today is Friday !
Ur not afraid to be yourself! That's
i know man haha
Bout to hoop at uwm
Its so awesome watching grow as a performer and a professional over the last couple years.
thanks a bunch (nose plugged) ;)
common grounds to discuss legal education services for yours...catch yall in a bit
temple run is the best game ever
The school year may be gone but Math and reading is still being practiced at the Barnyard. Got to keep the brain active for summer!
Procrastination? No. I save all of my homework until the last minute because then I'll be older, therefore, more wise.
What an awkward 3 hours of my life. :o/ oh well !
Yay! Go you, that's awesome!! :)
Whatever It Takes!
Saw Donald Trump while performing tonight!
Weather Tweet --Tonight Severe Warning: Heavy Snow, 27 Low. Grab those snow boots, you'll need them if class isn't canceled....
THATS WHATS UP, IM READY TO HEAR THAT.. IM ON THE SAME SHIT FOR THE NEXT TAPE
Worshiping the Vanwarmer today my friends
I hope the Knicks beat them and hand the bobcats a 23 game losing streak for Jordan
I think I'm more excited then the lil ones
Great to meet you too! Enjoy your day :D
Yea! Congrats! “: My last week of class!!!! #USC”
Be positive. TRUST God... Then you WILL have a smile on your face :)
Pretty forlorn: my Borders Rewards card staring at me from the table this morning. Long live Rainbow Bookstore Coop!
Offering Prefered Seats Cirque du Soleil Shows in Vegas "O" Zumanity" "KA" "Viva Elvis" "Mystere" plus more book your discount room show
How do you feel about Goldman after the recent bad press?
20 Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!! Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !!
You're right & I want to apologize. I'm sorry for dropping that winning TD pass that would have lead us to a Super Bowl.
Had a great time tonight. What a great addition to the MKE.
My 11:11 wish is that iJever stops making fun of 's pure talent :)
Got it
apparently not since we aren't there today
at least it isn't Monday anymore....
Shout out to The Sugar Benders for an awesome preformance at the official Winter Carnival Kick Off!
“: "My memory is so bad" " how bad is it?" "how bad is what?"” this totally describes me!
Okay Where Are These People At!
im goin to school :)
this one...takes the freakin cake. I'm about to climb the net and kick his shins
Working on music for the show! :) there is always something to do.
Good morning all!
and the same to you all! We should talk more :-)
Listen! Listen! Listen! To the Carnegie Hall Live broadcast with L'Apreggiata. Broadcast starts at 8pm tonight!
Shooting a commercial Friday!!
Being called pretty >>> ((:
Alive and well and rockin' the Queen City...
; Met you and your wife in Chicago at Blk writers convention 13 yrs ago...class act then, class act now. Stay strong Mr Scott!
Watching Glee's first episode. Don't Stop Believing.
Happy Birthday to !!! The best actor/clown/urban farmer in Silverlake!!
what movie did you see??
What would you change about #twitter? Us: stop recommending we follow !
You've got what it takes, but it will take everything you've got ;) x
Being to lazy to get up and shower <<
god you love everything I do.. I think you need to be my best friend. EVER.
just went to the samurai exhibit and informative! The Russo fam gives it 2 enthusiastic thumbs up.
Christian's are annoying.
I bet there's a coalition of groupies in a small apartment watching the NFL Draft closely making their selections as well.
Yes 3PM ET. Have a Great Day!!
A house boat offers all the advantages of a house but with all the excitement of the sea!!
If twitter isn't a drug then someone please explain to me why I sneak into the bathroom at work to use it
Very annoying that you can't search the same thing twice without having to scroll down to your "Searches" list. Huge issue.
Thanks. Now feeling guilty I failed to more actively tweet the registration info.
go to yoga and stretch out those compacted muscles (and a little inner peace!)
Working on a project to bring a game development lab to Mason's STAR Lab for students. Mason faculty, if you're interested, let us know.
If Danny Granger isn't going to show up, #Pacers don't have anyone to close against
And how much will u pay a tax accountant to find & file those loop holes & write-offs? U just showed why we need real tax reform
7 basic principles to improve marriages 1. Exercise to Together 2. Cook Together Go to daryldorsey.com to get the other five today
RT #ContemporaryMusic: Music for piano and electronics, interactive or fixed, by women composers: suggestions, please?
hahaha yep 5!when u coming back to skate homie?weathers been good up here!
#ShoutOut to Coral Rose Radio!
I didn't think I needed to be there. told me he is skipping out. Bullshit.
we'll win the series
Cougars take down defending College World Seres champs Gamecocks! College of Charleston 4 South Carolina 3
MT Romney At Liberty: Marriage is One Man, One Woman, and One Dog on the Roof of Your Car!
SMOKE ALOT OF WEED BT I CAN NEVER FORGET YA
how about singing about data?
officially addicted to pinterest, i really have homework to do today but twitter and pinterest are way more exciting
-__- that pmo! Like when she was in the trailer and the lady was outside with a knife scratching the walls tryna get her!
Yes she can and I've no doubt she'd be on your end of the RPG lol
Holiday trivia: What two famous printmakers are invoked In the song "Sleigh Ride"?
I see what you did there haha
Are you naughty or nice?<3
sign me up!
Everybody should follow and it's her birthday!!!!
Hurrah to great people and awesome road trips.
Damn it's cold!!!
Bout to take a loooonnnngggggg hot shower!
for sure! Spike lee is reckless and clearly emotionally immature.
I thought I was the only one.
Lost all of my contact, so text me.
Even more specifically, it will be a defense spending cut and an across-the-board tax increase. Kind of bipartisan.
Follow Bartab_SF so we can mention your bar in our tweets!
This may be the best opportunity I've had so far in my career.
Zach Randolph came to play tonight. This is how he played last year.
haha i try ;D this turkey was following me around everywhere, i had to take it home :p
RT : Michael Franti & Spearhead’s “Say Hey (I Love You)” is featured in the new trailer for The Back-Up Plan.
Confession7:i dont like girls that give it up on the first night
Good morning good n bad people!!
tell them Obama supports the increase
Damn!!! Dr. Webber finally got him some!!
Alright, one more beer. Those words never hurt anyone?
We learn the rope of life by untying its knots.
Is it Friday yet?
Tuesday's Spotlight is on the The Texas Cheese Steak Sandwich at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint ! Come get one :)
The way to show you care for others is to pay attention to what they are saying
Can't believe in 2011 some sites still don't allow you to save your password in the browser.
go to my page....he is at the bottom....click on it and hen click follow
- and congratulations on the upcoming paperback release!
Yea but I kinda don't like Justin Bieber as much as I used to haha
"For it is in giving that we receive." - Saint Francis of Assisi
When are you heading into PDX for your gig at the Keller? Got any time for a quick TV interview?
I gotta s/o Loyalty is key
tweet me if u like cody simpson because of his personality!
I believe it's time to go shopping. And I don't mean for clothes!
yes and corn makes whiskey!!
great block, but that could have been very ugly.
“: should play he is all I pictured when reading” lots say that :)
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.26
Survey: subject librarians and IT staff most likely to get called into DH project support
Can't sleep!!! I hate to be up still! Can't get back to my old rutine.
i can stand it for like an hour or so.
Karaoke with and at The Smogcutter
I will never leave you heartless.. Never leave you standing in the darkness. Darling yes I promise to never leave you heartless.
oh well I don't do that to strangers just the 1 I love lol he gets mad about to but he stills answers me :)
Being a MAHOMIE is like a job working for our Master, AUSTIN MAHONE.
wow!! Did you find? Tell me details friend!
SXSW.. Got me tired.. Thank jesus its over.... Next Relays
RT :you act like that kid was innocent, you don't know shit about his history, media wants everyone to feel sorry for him<<Trayvon
Interview w/ Ellyssa Kroski for 'T is for Training' www.tisfortraining.wordpress.com, She discusses her job, previous titles & THE TECH SET!
RT : Please support the Hypothes.is kickstarter project. In my opinion the single most important content project of our age.
Happy Birthday s/o to my little cousin <3
Very cool Joseph! Which player? We look forward to seeing you at a game!
Good show :)
Another Sunny Day in Beautiful Denver, CO.
It is time to go pro with what God has called you to do!
I gotta tell you America, we need to clean the candidates off this campaign stage. Newt Gingrich and Herman Cain should be the the only ones
Pantera's new song Piss, is kick ass.
Using Windows is way way more painful than I remember.
good morning love ( :
Open up the flood gates of my eyes and let it rain on me
bored and wishing he was here....i love him soo much!
Yes, I remember always watching the MTV News updates when I was in high school!
birdie aside, do you think it's deserved?
They gone LOVE ME for my ambition
we recieved the best striped marlin I've ever seen, from Hawaii. The suff is Beautiful!!!!!
I am looking forward to
Did i tell you guys that i slept really really well!!(:
can't complain wbu
Hahahaha ayyy so a girl can dream ya know!
Gee thanks, discovering Sushi Cat was so not what I needed while I'M trying to write...
marketingdomination.blogspot.com wanna know how to really rank in the search engines and DOMINATE, read...
:( miss my baby girls...what's everyone out in Twitterland doing tonight?
smoking weed??
never boring, always exciting! Haha. I'm gonna be at my friends having some drinks with my boys.
Enjoyed your talk at ! I've been called Bob, too ;)
I blame carriers not HTC or Samsung.
dear how r u
Yes, you do! RT : you need to have come and play!
have a wonderful day sir..
what happened to october?!
How much would you pay for a signed Juan Marichal photograph?
More left side infielders? So sick of those picks RT : Rumor around Lambeau today was we are taking a shortstop or third baseman
Congrats! big cobtributer to Texans first franchise playoff win
| You're not following me exactly. Hey JP what is next Tuesday looking like?
you lucky lucky chap! I've seen twice this year, he's great - would love to see Matilda
In comparing the two organizations and he said it wasn't even close. Raiders have won 3, Denver has 2. Appearances count too.
yes you idiot I am a parody. I play hockey. Better than Rinaldo ever could.
Thank you to everyone who braved the weather to help celebrate the groundbreaking of the Miller Nichols Learning Center!
Hey Park Slopers and Bklyn, we have someone to rant to when our cable/internet goes down RT
Great material for any musician!
aw I just re-read my recap of the day I met in 2008. I seriously hope I get to go to the fanclub party this year. ah.
you're welcome! <3 ahh I know I'm so excited!
I want pastel hair.
Just heard an Aramark manager refer to students as "customers".
Sen. Casey, Sunoco mend fences over refineries <U+0092> future U.S. Sen. Bob Casey Jr., who has publicly demanded that Sunoco Inc. account for i
If I'm crazy enough to think it, then I'm crazy enough to say it.
Sad Day.. No More Pringles :(
Follow me back.
How much time do you actually get to spend in South Florida these days?
Reading the 22 Immutable Laws of Marketing. Old book...but timeless in so many ways. Def. check it out!
What is the LAP the Competition event at ILTA?
I reeeeaaaalllly take no pleasure in saying this, but "Think Like A Man" reminds me of a cute Doris Day movie. Sorry.
M... RT also tonight: anchovy fritti w/ crispy lemons & gremolata! lamb sausage w/ roasted peppers & green garlic pesto.
Hahaha. I hope I brought it!! ;)
Relationship this relationship that please shut the fuck up.
For I am making lighting! I am Zeus!
And I am so sad that North Carolina repaid them by exercising their freedom to deny rights to others. (2/2)
sounds great Pattie! Do you have a stylish floating wine glass?
Need few more follows follow me plz
I'm looking forward to it then!
#WhatsGangster? eight letters that classify a lifestyle only certain people live.
That's last year's par-3 tournament of course. This year's is washed out. Might be a wet and wild Masters this year.
Che-Hsuan Lin is an incredible outfielder...barring any injury issues, he's a lock for a gold glove in the bigs...catches everything!
Make sure baby always sleeps on a firm crib mattress in a safe crib & keep all soft items out of baby's crib.
MY BABY BOY'S 15TH BIRTHDAY! LOVE U BAY! MISS U!
Sweet! Just found out I'm off Monday! Birthday week just got even better.
Starting on Marilyn Monroe's "Happy Birthday Mr. President" hair today - what's your favorite Marilyn hairstyle?
#sdmayornp Filner "you talkin' to me?" reminder to read his tax form
Also, wow Blake
Great Sunday. Opening round of #NCAALax tournament continuing, The Players (Fowler), Twins + NBA playoffs. Johns Hopkins at 2pm.
Happy Friday!
i would do really well if ever tasked with the responsibility of cooking dinner for a vegan 6-year-old.
I like the iPhone, but any modern SmartPhone, tablet, netbook, or laptop will do.
I am rewarding myself with some NY pizza for applying to jobs today...because I have a headache as well
stay true to ur team. He won't always b at UK.
Wow thats crazy and how did all this started?
Niese goes 6+ no-hit for #Mets today. Broken up by Brave Freddie Freeman. Geek trivia..Freddy Freeman was Capt. Marvel Jr. secret identity
#SuperBowl I told my dad who is watching with me that that was a catch right when he caught it. Toe is down and possession is established.
I'm crediting for my decision to stop at for chili on this unpleasant day. It was a good decision.
Snow picture timee then movies for a little then wedding party(; thenn the reall party starts tonight (;!
Man just left the school gym from gettin my nelly on
Hey! Follow my home gurl ! Thanks! :)
Danger time Memphis.
2 see anything beautiful you must see only the sublime. Look only to heaven, don't look down to earth like pigs who seek in the mud. Ingres
thanks for my early mothers day gift the other day. Those tacos were on point
I am part of the Sports Business Association at Arizona State. Who can I reach out to in regards to speaking?
you should of added a point blank period.
Yup, just found and killed a brown recluse spider on my sheets. The bastard!!
Have to leave my therapist (who is amazing) since changing health insurance every yr is just one more way this org tries to not retain staff
thanks 4 follow...I'll text you...
Construction having all the bad kids, true hoodrats
have you tried sublime text?
Please come out and support this amazing young performer. Tyreke will be giving a perfomance you will never forget.
I forgot to remind you about the spikes :o
Don't be like Nike. Do "just do it" until after marriage!
Groundedd.. So I won't be on for a whilee.
SAT word of the day: ineffable (adj.) unspeakable, incapable of being expressed through words
super sexy! From music to fashion you do it with style. Tell mom you're one good looking fella.
Any tips for a video resume?
I enjoy that Rock actually said, "if that throw was a little bit lower... "
The preppy boys in my 6/7th period thought Jordan made heavy metal music.
Fucking G-Unit shit right there!
NATO is coming to Chicago and already the gestapo tactics are in place w/ the compliant CORPORATE CONTROLLED MEDIA helping.
Facebook is like prison, all you do is look at walls all day and get poked by people you barely even kno...
Filling out Freedom of Information Act requests.
Frantically trying to tape my bracket back together. Maybe not out of it yet!
Liberman reproducable research is open research but not necessarily OA research. Crucial to publ code and data, not make it OA.
Wow.... i'm tired of people trying 2 b something they arn't:/ smh
#RIPSteveJobs a true American #innovator and
Just puked :'( i feel like yuck
Go follow my new account I'm gonna delete this account tomorrow night :D yeee
If you do nothing else, at least try to break a sweat one time every day! When the temperature is 90+ outside it shouldn't be hard!
next time bring a cooler
You better werk, you better werk!
for some reason i keep sneezing loll
Keeping positive thoughts
I just got your notification. But ones from April 1st to now didn't notify me...I wonder if their servers were overwhelmed?
wat do you beenin a vampire got to do wit it lmao
haha i know right? oh ur welcome did u get any yet?
No problem! #Salute RT : Thanks for the shout out!
GERSON LAW FIRM is attending the California Bankruptcy Forum's Annual Insolvency Conference 5/18, Westin Mission Hills Resort, Palm Springs
Do I hear retirement??
Truth Twister
Today is Nollaig na mBan ( Women’s Christmas) in Ireland traditionally gave women a day to put their feet up and let the men do all the work
notice I did not reply to that specifically haha
S/o da homie it's been a long time comin bro. Keeps dat shit up.
Man, is killing me today!!! already running more than an hour late and still a long ways until NYC, and now we're going backward?
haha... sounds good!
Today was pretty good day! Hopefully week goes by fast(:
“Strength will find you sooner than you ever thought it would.”
Check out 's Flick for Free tonight: 'The Artist' , 7p!
did you play continental club last night? I went to Double Trouble and think I saw you jamming when I walked by.
Creature Feature! -Wed May9 11:30am-12pm - Meet some of our critters & learn about their life here & in the wild. Free w/$1 admission.
do it dude. Its our senior year ha
This day been busy but great!!
Did you attend the #Giants parade today? Looking forward to seeing everyone's pictures!
I'm talking about the spam DM you sent me big lips. Take some responsibility for your own actions.
Season is over
Someone needs to optimize the pointless lunch labyrinth you have to maneuver through to get food.
quite the fog today! At least tomorrow will be 80 and raining....
Yay! I have my phone back :)
#FF new followers, thank you!
Fat shorts and hoops for 6 hours... Yup!!
Really? Grow up and get a life.
74% of women who applied for loans for their businesses succeeded.
Anyone else hearing the tinny robot-sound the mics are giving off at the #Oscars?? So irritating -- hope they figure that out soon!
i love you with all my heart <33..
Good morning. Just wanna say that #ThinkLikeAMan was better and even funnier than I thought it wld be! was off the chain!
& i think a lot of corn is genetically modified isn't it? am i wrong on that?
Looking for supporters.to help support me you can buy my songs or a t-shirt.it takes $$$$ to keep it going thanks to all my fans and friends
i just downloaded that album. I forgot how much I enjoyed it... alone, in my car, at the top of my lungs... embarrassing, i know
what's good with it
You can't steal my boom!
Can't feel. My heart ..but I no it beat...if I put it in ya hands hopefully u never cheat.can't. Put a price on love get it all. never cheap
Clare was generous enough to let me use her apt while I'm in Dallas for the weekend.
My pants are from The Buckle and the fit is called "Carter."
Land at for a cook out start a photo download to computer immediately
Can we have some shoutouts please? :)
NP: - Man Down
And now Republican political ads drive me absolutely crazy in a way that Democratic ones don't. This is not rational. (2/2)
Yur friends are.. ur not well now uu r...
just figured out my bestfriend has a lung disease /: keep her in your prayers . . .. :D L0ve.L0ve.L0ve
Aha! Thank you!
Obama's handling of the marriage equality issue says nothing good about him, whether or not he pivots on it now.
What would you have done?
morgan, text me. nownownownownow
Its awesome Tay
Come downtown on Saturday to catch the Jazz fest and then come up a few blocks to my gig at the Allerton hotel. You'd dig it. xo
mad props tonight fun set deff a wet one!
ill appreciate it follow me
Cuz he like u and you like it 2 lmao
I wanna go on a picnic <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4>
12 hours to get here and all I wanna do is go home.
good luck tomorrow! Get out there & vote tomorrow, WI!
let's start thinking :-)
everyone has ups and downs but its best to always stay positive and work things out :)
I'm kind of a productivity unicorn today
I hate it when beliebers try to pick fights with other beliebers! what happend to being a family?
You and me both.
Romney's Mormon mission experience prepared him well for his current campaign. Both require lying to ppl who don't really like him.
Treat yourself by healthfully tricking your tastebuds. Satisfy your sweet tooth with herbs infusions like Anise, Licorice, Stevia or Vanilla
little disappointed with my fantasy baseball numbers for opening day
the way you look is a problem.
That actually sounds wonderful. Sorry for the lag in responding. Been spending rare time with my visiting wife.
J. Cole is awful looking lol
aha i didn't see
Show Last night was Awesome!!!!!!!
The NBA has suspended Houston Rockets scout David Patrick for one year for player contact violations during the lockout, sources tell Yahoo!
im rockin a v neck too man lol
Recording with Cory Spotts(Job for a Cowboy,Greeley Estates,Bless the Fall) in Phoenix next month get ready for our new e.p "Timbuktu"
#nyc is leveraging in-taxi tv screens to collect data on passenger experience. Modules are short + simple. Great #mrx!
I love Carters, Osh Kosh, Gap. Simple clothes that are easy to put on and are durable. I hate overalls for babies...
We're still accepting reservations at Lillies for #Thanksgiving Dinner! $21.95 for a full four course Thanksgiving feast!
good look bruh!!! God is always faithful!!! All glory to Him
Happy Saint Patrick's Day! "May the best day of your past Be the worst day of your future."
I went crazy when I was with you, I can't let that happen again. Love's not supposed to do that, you made me go mad!
have a blast Kelsi!
Hahaha jk, I have no sorrows :)
We love you too Dexter.
Excuse me, Whoville called they want your nose back! -
#RT If your going to Austy's concert in NY!
According to that last crowd shot, Cleveland does not lead the league in rhythm. Go #Cavs!
parties who produced earlier attempts at cons in Vegas either poorly promoted or had unreasonable expectations
At Ikea taking a nap, pretending I live here. Wish these people would stop walking through my bedroom. Rude.
who u telling lmao
#HTML5 still needs more browser support and would love to see a JavaScript v.2. Dreams can come true!
B.I.B.L.E = B: Basic I: Instructions B: Before L: Leaving E: Earth #retweet if you love God ! Remember . . . He saw you read this»»
Where will I go for work? #Colorado ? #Virginia ? #Ireland ?
Good luck to #LASelects PeeWee and Bantam As at Nationals this week!
Proud of #Nuggets 1st half, sportin' a 9-point lead. But they better get back to basics and run 'em out of the gym in 2nd-can't make em all
starting keynote at #dreamforce Those at home can watch the live simulcast.
Awesome workout! Did weights...now my legs and arms feel like jelly
na bitch I wrap that
please do add me to the #digitalhumanities list! Thanks!
Especially this time of year! “: Friday faculty meetings #sowrong”
bahaha i repeat, u're not stupid
Having horrible txting buddies <<<
#AIDSWalkWI RT : Top 3 fund raising walkers win round trip tix on AirTran Airways. Will that be you??
NO FREE LUNCH TODAY
bahhh! I'm delighted to say I'd almost completely forgotten about him. Glad he landed some awesome air time on HGTV
I need more followers....more people should be introduced to my particular brand of awesome.
Big Jolly blog truly shows Guthrie shines! He's managed to sway opponents critics to see his command skills and clear pick””.
“The task of the modern educator is not to cut down jungles, but to irrigate deserts.” <U+2015> C.S. Lewis
write write write #webseries www.terriblepeopleshow.com
Can you guys continue helping tweet #ArianaDidAmazing ! Tell everyone
#GhettoHalloweenTreats Coupons for fried chicken and hot Sauce packets
that was sweet! Thank You!
I'm doing well, 14km to go, you must be watching the grupetto channel
Check out www.todaysfavoritetoys.com to get that special toy at a great price!
My bookmarks are absolutely bonkers out of control so I'm giving a try. Kind of psyched to see what's going on post-Yahoo
2012: "The longest journey starts with but a single step". Which way are you going to walk this year?
That's such good news!! :)
ok shoot me an email. thanks!
Dirty 30 woo
can you pl z follow me its been like a dream for ever your my role model
We can be super seniors together! lol
After watching the insanity of #Pens #Flyers game three, the #Caps #Bruins series seems so quiet and calm.
:-P hope you enjoyed your quick visit.
I do, its brilliant! <3 <3
"wow cv, so classy." <- every single status on fb right now. half the people saying it probably have sexted before.
I'll go contrarian w/ Google Music. I like it! Cutting edge no, but easy to load w/ tunes & nice to stream that music or store on devices.
Happy Sunday from the ladies.of stamped n
not sure man
Time to shower. Going to sleep early.
yes sir, we are all so young, we got another 50, 60, 70
no doubt
So excited for the summer have so many plans! :)
Nice start to the day working with 8th grade teachers in Loveland - what will learning look like when each student has a laptop/device?
RT : My TARDIS brings all the daleks to the yard and they are like... 3XT3RM1NAT3!
Ty Lawson is one of my favorite nba players, it might just be the diehard tarheel fan in me, but I was wishing the Knicks would draft him...
Let's see how far we've come.
alright man later
Genuinely forgot about revision until I seen a tweet about it and all the stress came back
Golly, it is swell outside!!!!!
Ok, Twitter. I'll come back.
If I want to spend my money to watch the home team lose at baseball, ill go to the Olympics this summer.
Recovering from an overstimulating #msa13! Good seeing +
present and accounted for. Good luck!
lololol welp. u was right. my daily facial expression tho is turned into jus a blank stare
Life is simple, just not easy. Some where along the way; we made it complicated and strive to make it easy.
Great to hear that was able to help you out. Pretty cool that they stepped up to help you
#TwSIG can be very intimate. Someone had been live tweeting finding out about cancer and dealing with chemo. Engaging in lives. Transforming
gotta support the local talent!!!
Made more beer this weekend with Shon.
Step 5 RT : RT : Build a pressure relief valve. People are going to vent. Let them vent on a venue that you...
join me in following Pls support #fairtrade-best strategy to curtail
YAYY!!! CONGRATS SUCH A BEAUTIFUL TALENT!! You deserve it girl!
They had a season with no real home, so they called Toutle, Ilwaco, a middle school in Vancouver, and Rainier, Ore. home.
lol, I'll tell her before its too late
God I hate the Red Hot Chili Peppers, but you knew that
if you're just trying to make her mad, then go find someone else.
Already follow :)
Rock & Roll Marathon was a great event. The people of Wash DC were amazing! Great comm support. Perfect event coord. Amazing sites. Loved it
Knees be broken from dancing, voice be broken from screaming lyrics.
I just watched it last night. Crazy stuff! This season is already quite something.
Just woke up & saw a ghost (had powerful tingling sensation all over body - goose bumps gone mad). Probably my grandmother (as dreamt her)
“: Me: "Sometimes I like to talk to myself." Me: "OMG me too! High five."” haha I do tht sometimes!
All nighter with ,
#WeAllGotThatOneFriend who is annoying but at the same time is always there
lol watts up sowwy I don't get txt messages when I get tweets it's so dumb I was out and about today
No one can viably say, "If #Romney wins the election, I'm moving to Canada" b/c you know he can just buy it.
Morning... getting ready for this doctor's appointment. I know God is in the healing business. THANK YOU LORD!!!!!
we missed you at SXSW. rain check?
Johnny's Hideaway Reasn to drink today...it's National Honesty Day! Okay, what do you need to tell us?
Mike Brown should be fired! Down 1 with 5 secs. Left n Steve Blake (not Kobe) shoots a 3?
Good morning friends, hope you all are amazingly blessed!!!
RT : Happy to announce that the #UWAMA & the will bring in of to speak at the !
": Going to sleep without my daily goodnight message <" ill giv u a massage
Where is Tony Allen? Has he been kidnapped?
Sorry we didn't get to talk last night!!
"I wouldn't be me if I didn't get a lil nasty!"
expense reports are DONE!! now onto timesheets...
Now Following!!!
Turn your heart to God before you become dull in spirit and be ever hearing with no understanding, and seeing but not perceiving the Lord.
CAN YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME? I REALLY LOVE YOU AND GOT YOUR FRAGANCE SOMEDAY :)<3
thank youu(: My moms like, "you'd look better then me. So imma have to say no." Ahahahah but I'm definitely getting it!
The Original #Hookah #Home is adjustable to fit most hookahs, as long as the water base is 12 inches or less.
RT : EPA estimates that data centers use 2.5% of electricity use in U.S.
Performing Live, In 6 Minutes
I'm soo going to give a prize to my 3,647th follower!
I love you
i love you . but ill just keep you wondering. you aint ready.
Hope its a heart felt day. Happy Valentine's
Since when did my 45-year old neck mole decide to sprout TWO hairs?
Things no one tells you about parenthood, #474: pinkeye is really gross. :(
Are you happy now?
A hot crackhead.
#6 should be TODD not Paul
Mission Accomplished. Gamestop came through in the clutch.
reinventing myself..going back to the style and things that represent me and what i plan on doing with my life
I forgot most of then haha
it has been a theme throughout 2012 in the media/Dem assault on Walker. In another setting, I would agree 100%.
RT Ok Roseville Costco shoppers I've delivered more wine. Both wines are back in stock and on the shopping floor!
what's the schedule? I might go see clippers in LA
Covering up my blonde.
Don't lose hope Ron Paul Supporters! We WILL Win Nevada, Maine, Virginia and MANY more! Keep Spreading Ron Paul's Message!
please tell your Twitter friends...
You were amazing at the concert last night! It was a real treat to see you perform!
I invented the blue palm tree! Are you making fun of my talented Draw Something skills?! -.-
EVERYONE FOLLOW RUSTY THE KING OF CALI AKA SEXY MO FO!!!
Thanks for the RT!
Starting on Tuesday, March 15th Burgerville will introduce you to a brand new shake or smoothie! TBA
Nice! So glad someone knew what I meant by that! :)
One of the best shows I've ever seen. Superb. LOVE it!!!
can't believe you still have those pics and two very different expressions on our faces. embarrassing is an understatement
Tacky to play "Party Rockin'" by LMFAO after a tribute to Dick Clark.
Thanks for joining us! RT Good times at all your happy hour properties!
loved that
": More than 110 billion tampons have been sold since 1936."<=i need to start selling tampons!!!!!! Fuck it
Uh oh. Is somebody's mother getting pushy over there? :)
Dudes, not everything is hacking. "Hack your job," "hack your dinner," "hack your parents"? Give it a rest.
Hi Christian I love all you videos on Youtube!!! <3 ANd just to tell you i think your hhhoootttt!!!!!!!!!!!! And you sing goodQ! <3 Ya
Fill your mind with thoughts of God rather than thoughts of fear. -N. V. Peale
I'm not #teamGiats I'm teamColts but good job E.Manning
-- interesting. I believe IBM has ported PHP to the JVM. I wonder how that turned out.
i just finished the first one i cant wait to start the second
maybe if we eat the whole box.. Noone will notice its gone.
Success is the good fortune that comes from aspiration, desperation, perspiration and inspiration. Evan Esar
"As a leader, did you get in at least one 10-minute private chat with every member of your group to "check in" this week? by
Its going to be live at the shop sat. Your working right?
Mansfield, MA today getting ready to head to the Warped grounds!
just got off work what u doin
Busy evening tonight, five hundred words written for the story/game, check us out at www.d3xsoft.com donate what you can for a great cause!
and i aint def or retard i think u are
thanks for all the hassle this morning. It'd be really great if we could finally take off.
you need to lol naw let me stop!!
": My farts smell like IHOP" Internal Homosexual Orifice Plug?
How many trips to Starbucks?
Best high song eva RT : BIRD ON A WIRE PT 2 COMING SON
she said so that means you guys aren't going out at all ?
P.S. Unless, of course, it's only playing song SAMPLES, which in that case, yes, please follow the advice of
call is happening now :-)
been out the game for a minute but im finna jump back in
you must be dumb if you dont know austin mahone.
or look it up on YouTube. Life changing
i'm sleepy
you little nasty lol the way you wrote that is just not cool
Lol. Just say boyfriend- justin Bieber... I want to know Selena gomez's opinion on the vid. (:
Thanks for listening!! Can you book us on Last Call? We'll promote your show on every single patCAST until the end of time!
According to WHO, there are 130 different types of pediatric brain tumors. May is
First actual gym workout since the move to CO. My body is piiiiiisssed.
Buckling down on being productive. If anyone has advice or an obnoxious self-help book, let me know!
Wingman will be taking little break—we'll be closing down the service tomorrow, but hope to come back bigger and better in the future.
#BieberforPresident wow the day that happens I will move to Europe. He'll cry over every lil thing. Dumba**.
doing great Heather. it's been way to long.
The college pennants already arrived! Excited to decorate Rowen library with them during a library workday. Anyone in #Philly interested?
since when does Miss Bean do ballet? I thought she was still working on walking.
You're welcome. That's an amazing feat.
Dark brown is periodical table collection ST Bay of heights Vdokhnovlennye by the contemporary design of the th century Fin :-)
It's not top secret anymore...you just tweeted it out!
sendin you kisses my love :)
Finding that last bit of motivation to plow through reading and essay writing for tomorrow's class.
RT if you are watching jersey shore :D
Ely's Coach looks like he is wearing a Cross Colors jacket
A couple of tough-looking guys on this train are sharing sunscreen. Good looking out, fellas.
"What happens on #Twitter, stays on #Twitter," #140cuse...if only that were true
hi Greg! We r connected through Jeremy Ames I'm with u in the Superheros. #avengers is rolling at the box office.
Since when did twitter get so user friendly!?
#Summer INTERNSHIP OPPORTUNITIES: communications and related backgrounds- contact us
When your girlfriend says she can't wait to go see The Hobbit at midnight, you know you found the one
monster birdie :)
#mw2012 peeps, don't forget to bring your passport to San Diego for #tijuanatacocrawl potential...plans developing...
I'm doing good! 5&1/2 weeks to go! Carb cycling now! Oh, joy joy! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
so funny!
New AMMO designed & developed website, our own www.amphetamobile.com! See our latest Apps, mobile publishing platforms, & cool technologies!
I'm working on it!
most definitely man! Keep up the good work!
Victory for everyone!
I like u a lot ... 2 bad u will never really know how much tho...
Still relating to old Bayside records is kind of a crazy feeling. Currently blasting "Devotion & Desire".
still haven't figured it out...haha. Maybe if you find me at the Pirates game tonight, I'll tell you...
Tired of having sucha foolish heart
On the way to get the hair twisted up then downtown wit the old heads
You're A Slave to the Money and then You Die.
City draws first blood. Now the game begins. 2nd half will be epic!
Yep. I don't like a lot of the decisions I made either. A lot of them were out of weakness, especially toward the end. It happens.
I have 40 min of laugh and infiltration playing #SFxT that will be posted soon.
I think they talk about autoimmune on every episode of House.
the same # of people that we @ the innauguration shld b on that same lawn protesting our so-called reps of the people.
great meeting you last night!
Wishing Good Luck to #RG3. Seems to have a good head on his shoulder.
Valentine's Day is coming up fast! Get your loved one the gift they really want - a massage at Massage Envy!
I have a CHACHI FEVER <3 I love u and I.aM.mE helluh beastt u so cute and hot.. keep up your guys extremely tight dancing
Physicists should really consider investigating the black hole that is my purse. It is a vacuum so powerful I think it bends time.
Just spent hours doing what most humans find to be the most boring job in the world, and I *loved* it!! Yay catalogers!!
aw. Yay for selling stuff with friends!
you guys better get your '13 budgets together! so excited!!
come check out my progress on my study abroad goal! www.shadowglacier.blogspot.com become a fan and watch my adventure!
My satisfaction comes from my commitment 2 advancing a better world. Faye Wattleton - Better ldrshp. skills help. Executive Coach - Rick F.
Didn't I suggest that? It's a hot spot in Scottsdale. You'll like it. I haven't decided where we'll go on Sat, but we'll talk :)
Social Media Management for the small business. www.allerentconsulting.com
I'm struggling to put content on it that people will want to see and hopefully interact with. Would love your thoughts...
thanks:) and your welcome
Thanks, I can see they are going to be addicting. Geist Half Marathon is next -May 19-with a few quick 5Ks spinkled into the mix.
I would've told my mom happy mothers day at 12 but because she decided to go get drunk... My plans have failed :/
I am seriously fighting sleep over here. Hubs is snoring back..I'm laptoping it in bed, looking through literary journals. Go to sleep, Mea!
#HoyaSaxa Pull it together guys!
yay:). Do you guys ever sleep? Good Morning
We'll watch for u! RT We're Team -5 sorta fast old guys. A Men's Masters Entry. Remember that name for the awards ceremony!
omg yes! but I don't think I can go -_-
Its official, version 7 of Praisable press will launch 5-24-12 the day before the one year anniversary of the site! More info to come soon.
Been there give it an hour! ;>)
Update on girl writing note to boyfriend: she is making a list of summer activities.. "Hold hands at the zoo and kiss under fireworks"
its all good, boii
Had a great time at the #EIMA2012 last night! Congratulations to all the winners!
So I have an idea - we put teachers on school buses (mobile class) for subject tutoring (math/ELA/other) kids are on them for hrs
thinking i need to have a #william & kate party. What do you think is on their menu? We can try to recreate it w/ hats required of course!
In other words. Goodnight loves :) <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Mo needs to teach Robertson the ways of the Sandman
Thinking about the commonalities between #wilderness and #digital. How can an environmental organization do more online. What say you?
lol yea ! So will U be my Twifey ? :-D
Also need to read: Starstruck: The Business of Celebrity by Elizabeth Currid-Halkett
When you send me short responses like that you make me feel bad.
Can I book you??
in downtown philly watching paint dry. bored. got the #Phillies on the radio.
"Consequences turned me hostile"
So am I!
glad you dig the tunes! spread the word about us out there! we'd love to play there
you just took a picture of a guy & put it next to a picture of u...
You're so beautiful :)
see you at MMS.
dont u turture that baby. All of us were bad in school at one time or another. He's too cute to discipline!
you were awesome! I downloaded your song last night during the show!
I don't worry about terrorism. I was married for two years. - Sam Kinison
better than honey badger??? I like him but damn that's bad ass.
Sux doesn't it? I was shocked to hear...
LMFAO did u ever think she would go out with you!??
I am in the finance dept...oy! Lol
We're all starting to get anxious with the response date rapidly approaching. We'll know by early December.
and I have an unhealthy obsession.
You better not or you will not pass! RT : Going to e-mail my essay. I'm not going to get it late!
chances of uchellos very high
HAVE I SEEN IT?? PSH. GIRL.
hey Jeff how are you doing?
And it's just getting awesome-er.
Ok, deal. I guess I'm lucky--I was miserable at 25, so far 45 is much better.
Your last tweet just gave me a seizure.
My kid just turned 2, not sure when I'm supposed to start teaching him to hate gay people - any tips? Thanks in advance.
Hello sun, beach, fabulousness...
Ready for a new week!!
Fiesta Today With The Bestfriend <3
Trevyyyyyyy you making me sad :-(
aw, find a mannequin and run to a different department, lol
Only God can judge me, #WhoTheFuqIsYou?
The only plus to pop quizzes are students who finish early and draw you doodles of Macbeth w/ birthday hat saying "Out, out, brief candle."
holy crap i'm so excited to see you live in dallas this weekend!
At the bears game, and knows all the folks in the stands around us. Of course he does.
Amen! RT : There's nothing creepy abt Fri 13th. Its just another day for you to be awesome. Go make your happy mark on this world!
Smack.. me and my buddies are getting ready to buy tickets, what do you get with v.i.p?
we love you soo much an if we were to ever get a follow back, tweet, or anything pur lives would be made. You're amazing(:
By the way, bitch...sandals and flip flops ain't cute.
To be brave is to love someone unconditionally, without expecting anything in return. To just give. That takes courage; because we don't wan
Whats your pornstar names? Jus take your middle name an street name an boom there it is! You can call me Joseph Peggy (Walter Wood)
haha no! I might gets brand new car :)
helen-ashley but you can put helen if you want haha :)
Everybody dies but not everybody lives.
I want a pet chinchilla so bad.
Who's coming to The Audition show tomorrow? It's going to be a lot of fun. is going to be n00d laWlzz.
follow back?(:
#NowPlaying Willie Nelson – The Scientist on
yeah a lot of people try to follow my old twitter even though I thought I turned it off...great seeing you yesterday!!
Do you hear this man's voice?! He is the voice!
Yeah thats the only thing thats good so far XD
Whether you support or agree with Save our Schools, come to the rally. It is the only Ed rally of substance at the White House in a while.
Another Weds nite on tarmac at DCA? Last week, San Antonio flight never left, 2nite, enroute to Winona via Milwaukee and Minn
#AnneArundel school closed 2day b/c no power?! In #USVI we went 2 school 4 SIX MONTHS w/o power!
BREAKING NEWS --- #mlb bans velcro, intends to shave 20 minutes of gametime
Goodnight y'all...xoxo
How many fights did ya get into last night?
Expect full report.
Survey results: All pizza delivery people are adults. What do 16-18 year olds do for work these days?
Not as depressing as for a Mets fan like me. We lost 14-5 tonight, and the best pitcher we had was our catcher. Literally.
What's that?
hehe, my mom hates it too. Gets sick every time :)
I didn't like the default, either, but really wasn't sure what was best, since that's the way it came up.
Mention Me <3 :)
78: where's tony touch?
Up coming books from PDMI.... Private Honor- Ellen McKinney Hearts and Souls Poetry Book- Bathsheba Dailey Riftrider's Return- C.N. Pinckard
thanks again for the support man really appreciate and yeah I feel ya sometimes you have to stop doing things you enjoy for
give me all your money and give me all your residuals, i lowkey miss you, but not when i feel u taken advantage of me
RT : "There is only one door, one bridge, one ladder, between earth and heaven - the crucified Son of God." ~ J.C. Ryle
YES ITS RAINING :D
I've been listening to Steely Dan regularly since 18. It may explain a lot.
Forgot to lock the door.
. We offer a social media class ! I know because I teach it :)
thanks for following and helping spread the word. anyone having a problem with a boss or landlord,call 720-440-CSOL
no prob man! Get out there and tear up some trails this weekend!
My tongue is the color of pepto
Finna Check Out That New Mixtape. I Would Love 2 Produce For U In The Near Future. Do Ya Thing
Me too!! Saw her in Philly, 2001. Most I've ever paid for a concert ticket. Totally worth it.
I'm not a morning person, but if I woke up every morning next to you, I would be, have a nice day people. ;-)
Thats Not Cool.. D-':
Important work you're doing returning lost dog-tags to families. Doesn't the VA or Military have dept to assist with this task?
hey im back, after what sammy did to my twitter...
Why is Ryback wearing RVS's tights?
Empire gallery's clock show is amazing! You have to come down and see it!
FYI, hubby's next bribe for my quitting smoking? The Harlow book you reviewed...and a collection of her movies. :)
The James + I are waiting for FUTURA to start--beauteous gleaming white set.
In truth? My text WAS a little pissy - but I had emphasized my need for her to be on time that night, asked her to come early.
you made our day when the #stylus gals saw u come up the escalator as we prepped for our 1st Stylus seminar @ #Hearst theater!
First day of our newest program in Makeni was a huge success! Stay tuned for pictures!
Okay people seriously use the word yolo to much . <<
there's a ghost in here with us!! .__.
On the road again.
I've seen a fruit fly, I've seen a horse fly. But I'm about to watch the DUCKS fly!!!
Whaaaaaddup with all the thunder all of the sudden?
That Carnival was kinda fun, met some sexy ass niggahs too ^_^ welp somebody hmu with a good convo.
Are you kidding me?!
lmao really doe
Planes, trains and automobiles. Crooks and hooks.
Bt I just body slammed her ass five times bt she won tho. Somebody tell me how Thts possible
what's up with the Activas I heard you had bricks
Never let anyone get the best of you.
is working on volume 3! Stay tuned!
Taking 's advice Watching
as it should since this is a world economy!!!
I just bought an ipad what are the best legal apps?
thanks Greg. Which piece of yours is that?
TV will be better when teen wolf comes out <3
Sad today, I hate I can't ever make him happy
If coming to the concert tonight, Serendipity is back by Rave Theater. Look for the K-LOVE car and the line of people :-)
Props for Down for Everyone.
i wanna call you mine wanna hold your hand forever
{Spiritual Principle}Our Thoughts+Words are mind energy & will manifest as our reality-We can change our Thinking+Speaking & change our life
Driving at night with the windows down, blasting country and no traffic...
A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well.
Just discovered a severe lack of Duran Duran in my music folder. Remedying…now.
I realized life can pass you by if you don't enjoy the little things and let your self love and be loved
Can anyone really Stop The Pain I Feel !?
I Love That Picture<3
I dunno, I still get a little misty when I see a Maxell XL2S RT As artifacts, cassette tapes have very little residual romance.
Recognized for a good deed.
love is love, no matter how old you are
They ain't abt that life
When will I meet and find someone who really cares, not sometimes, all the time!
Sweet! Tigers in general are beautiful. =)
#lebrick is trending right now. Class!!!
It's crazy, I know, but people like don't like it. Not at all. They don't like poop stuff.
yes, I particularly like the comparison to unraveling. Bit it is a labor of love, no?
certainly Black people, or anybody, resisting demands to redefine marriage doesn't equal bigotry.
For all types of commercial loans as well as construction loans, Indigo Mortgage can help you by providing expert advice! (505) 836-5700
butler is playing smash-mouth b-ball. playing defense, hustling and making outside shots so far
It was my pleasure to attend the Tribeca Film Festival last week and announce that Nassau County is open for business with the film industry
1st day of school. Shoulda worn pants.
My Squad Got Plenty Heat .....Plenty new projects on the way!!!!!!
Man I look excellent today #lovemeorhatemeitsstillanobsession #yourewelcomedetroit for me looking so good
No originality
Yes, let's! It was Cookie's best year ever. I truly enjoyed watching him play and keep his cool all season.
What if we found out you got swine flu from NOT eating bacon?
"Did I really drop my hair dryer in the toilet?" - A question I never thought I'd ask myself.
Happy Friday the 13th everyone!
For a very special #FF, scourges of the interwebs: , , , , ,
I would never do that to you.. marry me?
Check out our new Farmer's menu. This Fri.-Sun. Fall Veggie Salad w/radish, turnip, squash, ricotta & balsamic syrup & 12 oz. ribeye. yum
Truuuuu... Where at?
an honor and a pleasure to be mentioned by you Mr. M. Have they named the stadium after you yet?!!!
thx for helping us w/ the knowledge dissemination. I sincerely appreciate your support. cc
Tell me why you're looking so confused When I'm the one who didn't know the truth How could you ever be so cold
we are opening our new location tomorrow @ 2538 Guadalupe outside of Hole in the Wall. Serving delicious Cubans @ Cake Pops!
NYC air was already soup at 7:30am when I left for work. Now it's 93. Hello 100+! See you soon.
TY for the mention ! I will now follow these greats too!
Oh good going, now you hurt my feelings! Sad face.
not even tho, Elton Brand hit him with an elbow to the groin, I would've done that as well
we think it's a good move!
Have a fun getaway planned this holiday season? Don’t forget to plan one for your pets !
Happy Monday...
Lol man they better quit playin wit me RT : has some serious road rage right now...y'all pray for us please!!!
as a packer fan it is tough to hear his comparisons with Rodgers when he has to score 30-40 to win with their awful d
Yeah. thats good did you dry hump him?(;
Great--getting a team ready!
thanks cousin! Im pretty excited about it. Keep me posted on where you decide to go for grad school!
September 11, 2001 will always be remembered.
Billy Mays vs. Vince Offer!!! Celebrity Death! MTV are you listening?
This is wonderful! Congratulations.
Bout to shower and sleep. Big day tomorrow....tattoo and job interview wish me luck :)
Whatever, I don't need you. You want it? Keep it!
When ppl say something is cold as hell #ThatsThatShitIDontLike i dont think hell is cold
"It wouldn't be bad to make a modest living from writing: no more cotton-picking!" ~ Kerouac in his personal journal, winter '47
: I marched down to ORD & found our bags myself. (Also? Huge box of sad unclaimed books in their storage room.)
for his latest joint "shot's fired" radio edit/street version/instrumental/acapella as well as his buo/publicity photo
RT if you want me to follow you back
Upgraded the Capitol Building by reaching level 10 in the Political career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
I would love to write THAT story! #yourlinestarts?
by all rights, that should be a daily event.
Chilin in my car because are on Sirius XM Radio, and I don't have an internet account... It's worth it. xx
On my betty crocker flow rite about now...lol
Come on out and have some fun!
Interesting to see contemporary to latin music. Fun to see something different.
everybody is talking about it!
#GeorgetownDay get at us
uhm, i have nothing left to do in this class.
#BostonDirectioners wait what did we do?
Need beats?!?! check out the dudes holdin it down with that fire...#follow the homies from
That right shoulder on inverted head and shoulder chart of $GLD is almost complete. If it does, time to load up.
Also 4 everyone in the fan club once the lockout gets sorted out. Will be doing some fun things with the fan club.
But good thing is I don't have to go into work tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Yum! Another goes to
Oops that should've been "are" great. I need to edit my tweets.
wish developing courses was as easy as drawing conference motorcycle patches.
good and u
lol!! Well drink up my brotha drink up ;) haha “: your avi has caused a little thirst in me”
Sometimes I forget that stuff gets automatically posted here from Facebook. Then it doesn't make sense. Sorry about that.
she gets off work so late ! Ugh!!!!! I'm starving !
Even the 10 am games are not okay with me.
Hell yeah i already got enough voices in my head i dont need 20 more haha
Across the state some municipalities will vote n local school board elections tomorrow. Make it a priority to vote in #'s like never before.
Hola Sunshine! Off for a run...
Fotouhi on Janet Laurence: Architecture as affective entity, lived medium, rather than simple container of the real
You know u should go to the doctor when u have to put numbing medication on your hip to walk normally
We're pretty much family it sounds like. Let us know if you have any questions or want to come test drive anything.
Data plan mandate. I'll be over here silently weeping.
your welcome. It is a beautiful region people from Texas or other states should know about and visit.
not home. Plus my carrots are baby. Don't judge.
Look back, and smile on perils past. -Sir Walter Scott
Conclusion: stupid.
I don't RT swill
You are going to have a blast! GoBulls Rt Going to my first ever Bulls game tonight. I am BEYOND excited.
Quote "There are two ways to live your life: One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is." Albert Einstein
Lulz... the sheep just think they get the best treatment... When the season's over they become sweaters and mutton chops!
Well, I think they are talking about .. what they are going to talk about when it does pass Congress
Need tools for assessing systems thinking; developing expertise; and, communicating value to change education models
tell us your best Blasted story from laguna.
Yes! Preorder for movie, book & CD in and waiting arrival!
#GoTribe What a weekend! Everything hapens for a reason and I wouldn't trade it for anything!! So proud to say I'm a...
I would think that'd be more along the lines of #33-1/3 (contingent fee...).
No: Eight, Five, Four, Nine, One, Seven, Six, Ten, Three, Two. That order.
Seriously. If we gave every major bank a bailout consisting of LNS and Danger Days CDs, our economy would be on the fasttrack to recovery
@ LinkedIn workshop - looking to learn!
haha me either, guarantee my friends an I r bound to cause mayhem :P
Links on main dictionary page explaining structure, XSL is all available. Perl scripts, less so.
ARE YOU GOING TO SHIP TODAY?
RT if your ready for the Pacers to kill the Miami Heat
Single, married, or whatever guys - Hint: Women don't like Polos with Logos!
This article just turned up on my RSS feed. Yay!
Back in the greatness that is arlington aka AGGTOWN
Not the best day for me to wear a dress! RT : Got Wind?
A warm welcome to our newest Alliance member ! Their conservation efforts include quarterly cleanups of wetlands @ Fort McHenry
Before you talk, listen. Before you act, think. Before you criticize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. Before you quit, try.
It cannot get any better! A 1/2 price Frappuccino on a Sunday afternoon.
ss. you're giving away the sequel to the next Twilight movie!
Wow It would take 55 days and 15 hours to drive from the middle of the US to Austrailia.. 0.o big world!!!
# Chelsea won against barcelona
#setsig #sigml #iste11 so much to learn at setsig playground-mobile apps, techs, pedagogy, and lots of really smart people-please visit soon
Hi, my name is shower. If you turn me on i'll make you wet ;D
Off to the Muster Team Picnic and Practice today! www.hopeforfirefighters.org
It's all their mobile apps. Just crap UX. Don't even bother. RT : Becoming increasingly upset with the iPhone Facebook app.
I am! In News green Room! Come over!
tomorrow will you #GiveMeYourHand ?
So Pence made up for that 9th inning fuck up in RF eh?
Someone, beer me!
Damn good night I must say. Glad I got bros like y'all in my life. Don't know what I'd do without y'all.
Massive Congratulations Lovelies!!
McDonalds thugs <U+261D><U+261D>I was in line first.
u need to get that vid done negro lol
RT : My shrink? Honey, I only go to him for refills.
Yay my twitter for android works now!
I love it when my mom wakes me up just to get a drink. #BondingTime:))
well i just wanted to feel included >.<
There's always tht one person that will always have your heart, you never see it coming cuz your blinded from the start...
Sagging with sweatpants on in the mall, that's Wassupppppp
same here -_- haha RT I kid you not, food is my drug.
I will remember this
Ok I'm waiting zayn
Right??? Though I did love her in Mr. & Mrs. Smith
indeed you did. I should really pay more attention.
Watching #Frenemies Again :D Lol i might be staying up till 6am watching it over and over
Almost got into a fight at work
we have the Yandawich ! Let us know if you need info!
I'm call on the TWITTER cavalry to come join the fight and march with us on wall street <3
RT : When u find & develop ur passion, work doesn't feel like work & the results have the potential to change & improve lives.
had a blast at the event. Wish you lived closer and could have come!
For the win: The Standard in #dtla?
I'm in the mood for rating accounts :) Tweet me numbers <3 YOLO
Sorry I wasn't more more re: kindles-- did you find info you were looking for?
Almost all the classrooms in this school is flooded, I guess we're going swimming today -.-
Got home from a carrete at 9 a.m. #officiallychilean (except I fell asleep on the couch who's surprised)
It sounded like there was a school massacre beginning.
Excited to watch the best model agent ever, , on Scouted tonight (on the E! channel, premiering at 10/9c)
Feel really weak today. Hopefully I'll get better over the next few days. Good thing I have #GameofThrones to catch up on.
Hope you're well sir! =)
it will take at least three and half months
working hard staying focused u still hoopin every now and then
Take a look at my girlfriend, she's the only I got.
broke camera = :(
Naked, in my backyard, staring expressionlessly through my kitchen window.
Rack City on repeat.
that's a good one too.
Welcome to TwitterLand. Follow us. ;)
these last three games are about to be the most important of the year
which makes me think... I still gotta get my hands on one of them yager machines too!
sick? C:
I don't think these photographs you've taken do me justice.You don't want justice - you want mercy !
EUTHANIZE WEDNESDAYS!
#MaddenCoverWinner The five best cover stars are Eli Eli Eli Eli Dylon
The Fl real estate market is back and the prices are low, so hubby and I are dusting off our licences to be Spouses Selling Houses again.
Damn my highschool is seriously 10x nicer than the college I go to lol
Keep one eye open when you sleep tonight...
I hope Mark Ruffalo does stay on for more Hulk movies.. I want a consistent Banner, darn it!
Wow! I just got an invite for google voice, can't wait to try it out.
The awkward moment when a guy takes off his pants while your filling up your water bottle...
Thank you!
Maybe I should read more ebooks to get me out of my slump!
We are happy to participate for such a great cause!
which airport are you at? Can I meet you there, before you leave? :)
Wednesday Wisdom: "Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young."--Henry Ford
“: Who would like hang out at North Star with me and sometime soon(:” :O !!!!!
it's gonna be a long night.
hahah well its so true!!!
I get to see mah best friend tonight :)
Jean, just read it again: vindictive sentiment
"LOOKIN LIKE A CD DA WAY SHE SCRATCH MY BACK"
sounds like something that would be in kung fu panda
Happy Casino Day, Cleveland! In the immortal words of Wesley Snipes, "Always bet on black". (Might not have been referring to Roulette.)
Braves are the hottest team in baseball.
Don't Fall For A Guy If Youu Know He's Just Playing With Youu ! ( had to learn this the hard way D;
Hello everyone.
RT : BOUT TO GO LIVE! AGAIN! - please tell us what "bout to go live" means.
hey, what is great?
woah, that's not right come on people experiment don't copy!
Good Morning! Well Afternoon from NYC!
Had a great time at the Wet Yours Pants Film Festival!
too much to digest from #ntl forum on youth violence prevention
If You're Gonna Talk Shit Behind My Back Then Don't Smile In My Face, It Saves You From Being Fake.
good luck with your presentation! :)
Thompson is a complete pussy when it comes to FA....
Guys...I like legit can't breathe cause I'm hyperventilating cause I'm so excited that I'm going to 's concert in LA!
Its really no new feeling when your being ditched
what you mean? Like he's pretending to be me or hes somebody else but your not sure if he's real or fake?
Ugh where have you gone Tim Lincecum? (#Phillies #Giants)
awesome, tks for sharing :)
Sounds good!
We are!!
lol YES!! ha where did i get harvest from. BUT YES!!!!!!!!!!! And they have LIVE BAND KARAOKE!!!! I ALWOST DIED LOL
Can't wait to see Deiselboy and Bare with tomorrow<3 it's gonna be fun af ;b
Game of Thrones is back yes!!!!!!
did you use the "z" in balls? Could mean all the difference.
ER, do you like Liam, MORE than a friend?
yeah I'm not tired at all. And just chilled, I went home. And that's weak
Just read an e-newsletter from & I could have sworn he actually cares about me. That man is good.
#Watch out for the Back To School Traffic. Have an awesome day!
thanks for the follow! With over 30 years experience..let the Mattrezzz Guys help you select your new mattress! Or furniture!
"U will stop saying the devil made me do it when you realize Satan at his best can still only operate within the parenthesis of God's so ...
The most excited I've ever been for a show launch. comes in June on BBRN.
Man you are all over Culvers in the AM!
I like the Webinars that are archived to view later on.
A fair breeze. Winds of change, perhaps? Won't say I'm not excited. :)
#aaasmtg Cornelia Dean says science journalists are not interested in reporting on grants, promotions and all but the top awards.
Awesome podcast interview this week! I don't even bet hockey and that was just great.
Prom is in a week and I graduate in like 25 days. Can I go back to kindergarten please??
Weather was great for the 87 degrees in Miami today while it was snowing in the northeast U.S..
Porridge and chapati
One thing I hate more then anything..when people don't follow threw with plans.
I'm really not feeling the idea of college anymore.
I feel you, once you have a job and a car that'll change. Just need money
#VSCPA very excited abt upcoming Leadership Conference presentation on EI--TY Jamie Walker, Stephanie Peters & Tom Byrd for your ideas!
“: A hunnit mudufuckuhs can't tell me nuttin'” An English teacher could help with that.
sorry your squad lost, but believe me when I say #ManCity earned their prize today. One of the best matches I've ever seen.
hope you're having a fantastic day. Best wishes on your training
Aw imma cry i thought the iconic boyz were gunna be on tonite :'( but i guess not
I don't know who Joe Donnelly is, but I want to support him just because his opponents put tons of unskippable self-contradicting ads on YT.
If presented with such a creature in open waters I would swim so fast the other way!
I don't remember seeing that, but you could always ask bobble. Lol
We will be 222 MLK 89106 today from 11am - 2pm! Gonna be hot today! Come out and get some cool Italian Ice and great cheesesteaks!
Almost time for game 7 at the Staples Center. Let's go Lakers.
LLN Reports on the Best Hot Dog...Mike Boehler? um no, Bruce Glickson! LLN Reports on the Best Hot Dog...Mike Boehler? um no, Bruce
"Captain Callahan" is trending? Where were all these Callahan fans when he was a 4th liner?
well hurry the fuck up
But with my eyes closed all I know is the skyline, through the window, the moon above you and the streets below.
Americana Rhythm mission promote musicians, and music culture, of the Shanandoah Valley Central Virginia Blue Ridge www.americanarhythm.com
how much was it?
no I didn't, sorry I just saw this message too.
2 F-15's from Portland scrambled into Canadian airspace after bomb threat on commercial airline. Details in a live report @ 10&11.
Bed. Sleep. Goodnight
I'm the champion tonight.
I think Stella Adler would say, "Humility is not your strength."
you know what? I got better things to do than waste my time arguing with you. It's obvious she loves me more. Jst accept it
Lucky u yeah
Let go of the world you know, and plug in the party lights, :)
Hhahah yeah! just a few months XD
Promise ring RT : Wrong hand, wrong finger guys. Cool ya jets.
first venue tour booked. looks like we're actually doing this :)
Hope everybody had a great day!
Since Devil are using their goalie from the 90's, Rangers should call Mike Richter <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
can you please follow me back ?
oh no worries...he needs good vibes from kitteh universe
If Fred Thompson is on TV and trying to convince you to buy something, chances are he's fucking you over.
thanks for the tweet I am mostly a bankruptcy family law lawyer but thank you for the idea
The Movie Sensei officially gives #Super8 the Blue Belt Status! To see the Sensei's rating system, click here: twitpic.com/4g2t8k
i dont ever remember him saying that.
PHL stays on US intellectual property watch list - GMA News
#PeopleIWantToMeet 1/2 OF MY FOLLOWERS! LOL THEY SEEM LIKE BOMB ASS PPL
duly noted? :)
Good Luck!
": am i that ugly or what ?"
that's kinda weird.
hey.. Wanna share that. (:
Omg I just want summer
*gags* Rum is for Pirates.
we dream while sleeping..we wake up not much remebred..if we dream our eyes opened. that is a vision. Visions are tangible
I really wanted to go to the softball game tonight, but getting my ankle better is more important.
Just cuz the sun is out does not mean that your boobs can come out too.
follow back?(:
“: Sometimes a brother just wanna come home to a hot meal and a massage not cooked by me or mr rubbing my knee” I heard that
Toot It Nd Boot It
Q1 From my experience, I add "he won't play with me." - These 3 things are the best interpersonal relationship advice. 2/2
Can honestly say I haven't been this bored in quite a while
On the #Mariners, the umpires show pity.
alright. did you get my text the other day?
Everyone who wills can hear the inner voice. It is within everyone. -Mohandas Gandhi
have u ever been to a UT/Vandy game in Nashville? More UT fans than Vandy fans. Nash may b home to VU, but its a UT town.
you mean UO
We have a video up. Check out DC's megamercial remixed with our song So Long. W.YouTube.com/attempttofail
Ain't nobody live tonight
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself
Perfect Sunday MT : In bed listening to ashlee simpson's 'pieces of me' & west elm online shopping. Is this Coachella or heaven?
Thx! Please sign the petition at bit.ly/freemikesmith RT For any bloggers who write on injustice, politics, race, check out
Our are implementing #vizioncore vRanger, vOptimizer, and vFoglight for a customer this week.
Received standing ovation 4 speech 2 women biz owners in New Jersey last night. "Create a brand that represents what you want 2 be known 4".
I would put Ray Rice, Lesean McCoy and Peterson above Forte. But he's definitely a top 5 runner.
Persimmons. I mean - seriously?
Haha aggies suck they didn't even get into the sec
What did u get in your stocking?
O Perfect Graduation Dress, where art thou?
whats your favorite movie? :)
The new world standard in DJ, club, band, concert lighting.
consistently not a fan of New Belgian beers...
would have taken a sweet pic of a ham and gouda croissant but gobbled it up instead
great voice tho
Anything. Text me with how you get on.
William Jr. Wrigley~ When two men in business always agree one of them is unnecessary.
I'm not sure which is worse, that Rick Perry cant remember which fed agencies he wants to cut or that he wants to cut them at all
We need more black movies like that...
they have those at the golf course!! hahaha
Not yet. Self-made Myth looks interesting. does great work. Write a review for us?
me 2! Lol I triped on the stairs and it dropped on the tile:/
YOOOOOO!!!! That was quite funny!
Dont ask me to fix yo problems I got problems of my own too
try a wheat bagel, with salmon cream cheese.
3 factors to be common law married in TX: 1. live together, 2. an agreement to be married, 3. telling others you are H and W
almost thought of posting my resume..but some1 at work talked me out of it...another said we make a difference not many places that's trueat
My moms a military wife. Strongest woman I know. Kept us together while daddy was gone. She cried when she heard #TurnToYou <3
I'll be in Yiwu and Guangzhou next week what sources are you looking for?
Niggas wear me thin ....should have told the bitch to take my hat off lol shit still funny
thanks for the RT! You drinking Shakeology?
Why y u no text me?!
In the market for new cooking knives - what are people's experiences with global? Fave brands? Would love feedback, cooking friends!
but, oh man, he's probably getting so much pussy now.
So love my friends. :)
Thanks for steering the bus
BIG WELCOME to our two new interns, & Beth Mattix - both seniors. Great to have you on board for the semester!
Sorry folks, the website is temporarily down and will be back up shortly.
VOODOO -- HARRAH'S CASINO -- SAT. JULY 24TH -- TIME TO GET IT IN!!!
RT for a S/O!!!! (Must follow me first)
Bring the packers hawkster back
RT : A4 Many people and many that are on this chat:
where you at?
It's never too early to start thinking about #happyhour on Friday! HAPPY HOUR 6 pack: 6 Jumbos for the price of 5, all day!
Yuck! No! I hated Twilight. Do you really think I'd steer you wrong when it comes to books?!
Limits exist only in the mind
i was going to say the thing i always assume calf pain is, but that's a bad idea
happy birthday!!
Hitch a free ride to Lollapalooza, on the Ray Ban Trolleys Outside the Armitage, Belmont & Damen El lines all weekend! Music and giveaways!
you're a fag and so is your man
We're so excited that today is finally here! 9 new homes in E. B'more will be celebrated at Patterson Park @ 12. We'd love to see you there!
Wish that didnt throw an error
Good job Lincecum! Lets go Mota...finish this up!
White boys rapping; The American experience.
I give the Target Field meatball my FULL endorsement.
So all of that excitement and we barely got an inch of snow, which is mostly melted. Go figure! Have a great weekend!
OMFG!!!! If this bitch performs Fashion of His Love at MY BTWBall I will FUCKING DIE!!!
If Phil Jackson Wants To Come To The #Knicks He Will Be Here The Knicks Not Turning Dat Down- For Mike Woodson- Dolan & Grunwald Not Stupid
Apparently it's the Milwaukee Recycling Plant :/
good to hear! ": TIM &ERIC'S BILLION DOLLAR MOVIE punctures right laugh chords. If you've seen the show, you'll love. #Sundance"
A cool guy like you should not be sitting at home watching stupid TV shows anyway.
Excited to Demo zipongo at #futuremed today! Who else is going to be there?
GOOD MORNING YALL
I officially pronounce today to be "awesome weather day"!
Just picked out new wall colors for a client in Phoenix which will go perfectly w/the new MP original paintings!
good meeting you brother!
Hey Billy! We need to talk!! Got lots of big things goin on!! Take care!
How was i suppose to know a nigga that makes gogo. Shit aint mainstream. -_- let that man rest.
": hi guys"what do ya think about the CELTICS win? BOSTON!!!
#Deion #Sanders among HOF semifinalists and including 25 others
When a person develops attachment to another or an object he is bound to go through pain and suffering... It is the law of nature.
come on justin pls follow me
Good Afternoon Luv :)
I bet, so the next time you find your way uptown I want to try it so I'm putting in a request from now...LOL
How could you talk about somebody so bad, but then smile in they face& be choppin it up like nothing was said ... I just don't understand...
Julian Barnes wins Britain's top literary prize, the Man Booker, for "The Sense of an Ending."
thanks for the retweet, TJ!!! Have a great weekend. Kevin
Gum Gross Fest.
marry Christmas baby girl
Matt Simms (son of Phil) in #Jets camp on tryout, said "it's a little strange" for a lot of his friends "since it is the Jets."
sat next to your boys from Albq on the plane to Miami! Small world!
Green with envy.
MD vs Hopkins lax tonight at JHU. 108th mtg! Combined rosters boast 21 MIAA players, 31 local kids overall. Best rivalry in college lax!
And it has been the pitchers that have been the sourse of the issues with the #RedSox they should just shut up and pitch.
oh yea that's been gone a long time!
Lakers..looking at a Loss...more time for us to rest..
yes! Will you be there? Let's meet up! And thanks for the RT
What is not perfect about you. Is what makes you perfect. If that makes sense.
The picture is blurry to keep all the ninja secrets a secret!
"Phantira" as a girls name. I kid you not, guys. Real person.
I know right??!! I fuckin loved it so much :)
Pound for pound, , you're the king.
Do you have to move out for the remainder of the sprinkler work? I hate moving.
yea you right...I like it
Bro You sound good I like the beats just keeping sing
We agree! RT I think the need to have monthly parties. Or at least Halloween and Christmas and New Years.
Vegetarian Lover's Delight: Grilled Veggie burger wrap w/ pepperjack, lettuce, tomato, black olives & salsa mayo w/ side of pasta/potato
RT if you remember Myspace. OLD AF!
Also received my copy of #Anna, an award winning short I was Scripty on last summer, earlier today.
12 tweets in the past 20 minutes, hollaaaa. lololol, please don't hate me.
haha thanks to & I youu knew what it was :P
Pretty sure I've been there. I wasn't alone, but an experience I'd like to forget as well.
Lol Know He Still Ah Lil Boy Wiff Ah Lil Mind Who Aint Grown Yet Before Ya Fall In Love Getcha Dicc In Checc!
nah we made it to the crib by then
Lunch w Do ur ears a favor and come out to Jives tonight at 7 in Old Co city. and I
- yes, ma'am! We always mention the good tweets at 6:50. So, if you're ever feeling clever. be clever early :-)
Want success? Think of exactly where you want to be in a couple years & figure out how to do each step in reverse!
woah don't get loud with Americans we are the loudest people in the world! #what tweet?
Follow my real account please and thank you
We are holding 2012-13 Student Officer elections this Sunday night after service! Please prayerfully consider joining our team!
are you coming?
of course!
IKR it has been a lil min...
that is kinda true. A good amount of people freaked out today. Then they tried to hug me. I don't like hugs when I'm crying.
and tweeting....
Listening to greatest xylophone solo in a pop song: Moonlight Feels Right by Starbuck ('76) coincidentally while drinking Starbuck's coffee
My Baby sister calls Me Manta! :D
Just explained to a client - #Foursquare = The New Brand Loyalty Cards. Do you agree?
. ' FB tells us it's your birthday...HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
thank you for the follow :)
It is indeed. RT : Apple boys and girls. Enough already with the cutesy security questions. It's just such a drag.
Asked Husb if he wanted anything special for his b-day. He said, yes, a nap! Ah, how the priorities change.
For a fun night of theater check out this show I saw last night. Very fun and done very well!!! Check tweet below. It's called "Romance".
True. But I kinda like the idea that Power = Power. heh.
me too
I love you alex. Polease rt or follow me!
(Oak Creek) Bad crash NB 94 @ Puetz. with entrapment. Flight for Life needed
Let me know if you still want to meet me after you read it. ;)
when did juice/carrots become poison?
When I'm at home I always wear my glasses.
On the last day of school shit finna be popping *gets my popcorn ready*
Tweeting from my desk--I'd just come in from that lovely drive :D
LOL. OK, you can do SO much better than Rev. Eddie Long :)
Movie was hillarious with Kylee.!! Can't wait to do it again!
Only a handful of tixs left 4 #CD101 Day Side B this Sat. @ The LC! Stop by the self serve kiosk out front of The LC & grab your $5 ticket!
That money make a nigga can't go in the house now....too busy ridin oldschool wit the top down!!
You'll do great! Just enjoy it! Looks like perfect weather for the race.
Shopping day...empty wallet :(
Love the idea of a - reward businesses that do good. *Don't* like slogan dissing boycotts - they lead to real, needed change.
can you all help us get to 600 followers? -briana
Why am I only ever motivated to work after business hours?
If only #Assange leaked some more diplomatic cables, we'd know if his #extradition was a U.S. hit job.
it's a sacred 2 day ritual you see. I'm probably pretty offended that you mock my beliefs.
#FeminismLIS re:listing feminist presentations-scattered not always updated enough- a good idea build n sustain LIS
my background makes me happy.
Princess Wish :a movie to watch
A network's love of the Left is a given, but fans don't tune into Sports Broadcasts for Political Commentary! Time 4 sponsors to reconsider.
#webwise who owns the facebook/twitterscape surrounding the recent events in Egypt. Who will preserve it? How will we access it?
Morning without coffee is like _______________.
": Spoil your lady on two occasions: 1. When it's her birthday 2. When it's not."
amazing win that was a great sub. Awesome fight
Never getting invited anywhere from people who were your bestfriends a month ago <<<<<
Did you know that the warranty we issue with all transmission rebuilds or overhauls are 3yrs or 50k miles and are covered nationwide.
WADE WOULD OF NEVER DONE THAT TO PAT RILEY.
I think too much
It's hard to watch angels go to bed with wings, and in the morning it's ash.
Just returned from jazz at Bliss Bar (Noe Valley) San Francisco. Great on Sunday afternoons. Cocktails, conversation, and music.
Definitions make me LAUGH!! XD
His name was Robert.
I'm sexy and I know it
We believe that Chicago is alive and kickin'! Get out and listen to great music! ;)
back it again, man we don't ever slow down
They bet not mistreat nick!
I'd love to! I'm not sure if I'd be allowed to though, I'll have to ask some people. Can I have more details? :)
Green Lantern has just named Andre 3000 as one of his top emcees. co-signs that
thanks to the Geek Squad who just informed me that my "motherboard" needs replacement & I should just buy a new computer...oh,okay. no prob!
love it, and agree with the points!
NO INCOME VERIFICATION LOANS ARE NOW AVAILABLE FOR MANHATTAN, BROOKLYN, BRONX & QUEENS
Wow what a fuckface Seth is. No fan of Ashley but what exactly does Seth do except be a dick to everyone?
the one off I-10. I didn't know there was one over there. I'm totally going to go, then go shop cause that's my favorite mall!
#21CRadio A3 I rarely get music news from print media (though I do use their websites) or TV now. Often used these a few yrs ago.
I couldn't hang with Debbie Gibson.
- heck, Bachman has me flustered. She should be Secretary of Cinemax...
78F in Minneapolis. Tomorrow it is predicted to reach 67F! Love it.
Merry Christmas!
K so think someone might have hacked our computer now. Urg. Getting aggravated with life. Laptop not working right right now.
Reading my Twitter is like reading my diary...if I had a diary...but I don't have a diary because I have my Twitter.
so cool! I bet could tell you lots about that time/place
hahahaha yea and when he went all the way into the middle of the intersction waiting for the light to turn green and he (c.)
that's no nice. I'm much more talented, like Soo Young
Tired of worrying about all this drama, lets just live life and have a good time. <3
To my producers. Check out - camera's up next month
Getting a chicken sandwich from Wendys is not a
My ambition can take me far so can god
Jamin in the uhaul on the way to Jax hahaha god this is great
Today in Literary History: On March 12, 1922 Jack Kerouac (novelist and Beat Poet known for ON THE ROAD) was born in Massachusetts.
Congratulations on getting a job! Can't wait for you to move to KC!
disturbing start to the volleyball season-interlopers in my regular seat. Such impertinence will NOT be tolerated!
Ima get momma juice a big ass gift basket from yankee candle!
They were the worst before the trade, they'll be the worst long after the trade. No personal offense. Speaking generally.
Increasingly, companies are using an MBA to qualify employees when considering them for advancement.
Great overview by of systematic biases in literary & historical data used in Network Analysis.
So excited for #FiveYearEngagement The movie, not to be engaged for five years. That would suck.
U look so much better when u smile oh oh oh oh
"On the Atchison, Topeka and the Santa Fe" won an Academy Award for Best Original Song for the 1946 film, The... fb.me/13Hok5HiY
dont feel like being at broughton at this timee .
IDK what's my jam more classical or rock
We're serving brunch today until 3. Full espresso bar and 2-4-1 mimosas and bloodies!
I did #followback :) Talk soon!!
Gym time then crew game
God is Great! Hip Hop isn't dead it just needs more of the Savior in it!
spent the day @ the zoo and now i wanna get down and dirty like an animal! wanna make me your bitch in heat, baby? cum get a taste of this.
it is a magazine that I work for
have you seen the call me maybe meme with Dory in it? I cried it was so fucking funny.
tell him "hi" for me ^TR “: I get to interview 's Senior Archivist on Wednesday. Fun!”
ha! rt I haven't felt this confident about a design since I threw out the last design I was this confident about.
Dam new co worker at swapmeet is fine af!!! Too bad im leaving next week! :/
Time for a nap cause I feel like caca.
i got a new dog and she's a Boston terrier!(; lol
we took votes today at Frantic practice about how many tweets you have. You were double all of our answers. Just sayin...
Da movie Brooklyn's Finest is off the chain
k I will
Proverbs 15:28 The heart of the godly thinks carefully before speaking; the mouth of the wicked overflows with evil words.
Actually, I'd feel really guilty frying liver when my sweetie is gone. He loves livers too, and I make them when he's been a very good boy.
#AskTVDr FDA can put out health advisory or a recall. Some stores will promote their own voluntary recall based on advisory
Today I saw a ten year old ordering a double caramel macchiato at Starbucks with her credit card. MLINY.
I got that REMY in my cup
Look at Mr. Fancy Spaceman with his 18-jigawatt graphic design smartness. Let's settle this: Atari 2600 Pole Position showdown.
The next time you think you're worthless, I hope you know that you're the reason to somebody's smile.
The cost of living is going way up while wages for average Americans are going down, staying stagnated or disappearing all together ..
can't believe that it's the year 2012 and I still have to bend down to pick stuff up
Savings So Good, They'll Knock Your Socks Off! 75% off Sweaters ! Pre- #BlackFriday Deals!!
No way girl! my sister birthday was the 12th! ah & I might manage one of my main pools so you might not see me this summer:(
Sunday's Temescal Street Fair postponed until July 10th
Tired, but excited for Wednesday, the elections will be over and no more #annoying advertisements and signs.
On the fence. Between the newborn & some real work travel I'm picking my spots. Will let u know if I do. Good luck w/ activation.
Fuck making new close girlfriends,I'm sticking with my mains.
two moons
Shout out to all the DEDICATED teachers out there! If no one else sees you, I see you!
RT : Happy National Cupcake Day!
That's good:) It's been boring at times, but pretty good! So what're you up to?
no don't do it lol
Make it happen!! :D RT : Monicals sounds so good right about now
Great day for greatness
too much coffee. feeling so a.d.d
haha seriously, it's so pretty!! :)
I just got my first really random notification from #banjoapp that I was in the same airport as a friend from Texas!
U shld read my wkly updates MT : Crap! Missed the San Jose start of the Tour of Ca this morning.
Jey whale, you turn 20 tomorrow! :D HAPPY BURFFDAY!
Omw home now
We seriously couldn't have better neighbors than ! Great soup and sammies. Well, and coffee too
thanks, jon! i'm just peeking out of the seed right about now...
it is really quite ridiculous that AdWords doesn't let you change your timezone *ever* once set. I've been in US 5 years but stuck on UTC+8
Henry Gates is a racist black male. So is Obama. Figures they are friends. What is Rev Wright's stand on the issue?
It's just 3 days... It's just 3 days...
Best of luck to all those starting finals this week!
Opening Night: Flora in Fashion Jan 20 at 5:30pm Gladys Keller Snowden Gallery - Geraldine Schottenstein Wing in Campbell Hall
I'm kind of tired
Sign up for BBJ's new and FREE business-to-business directory of Balt-area companies. You can rate and review cos., too.
First impression, is the last impression...nothing you can do to change it....
I like your style! RT Ok, let's wrap this Oscar acceptance speech up and get down to preparing for #wvu football.
lol Roc u got some nasty fans
I ran into my Zumba instructor when I was at Swallow Cliff. :) haha
So far this season the #Phils have been shutout 3 times, the #SFGiants have pitched 3 shutouts & the A's have 3 of each.
I'm the john MConner of this rap game. tell these cybernet, algorithm, autotune, flow chart flowers to protect their circuits!!!
and - Thanks for the RT
Alternative Cinema has acquired worldwide distribution rights for SNOW SHARK: ANCIENT SNOW BEAST! Look for the DVD sometime in the winter.
AAAHHHH cant wait to hear the big announcement from
Can't wait! See you tomorrow!
The Leadership Games are now being held on Friday, April 13th, 2012. Informational meetings will be held all week next week Akers @ 7p.m.
ARE YOU GOING TO BE AROUND ATL TODAY? I REALLY WANT TO MEET YOU MAN<21 I LOVE YA(;
I never thought that i would see the day were i actually WANT to go back to school.....
That should go directly into 4th grade history books.
yer he pulled a muscle when threw up in his mouth! Xx
#ThoughtsDuringSchool I wonder if anyone has any gum
sounds like some awefully strong hot coffee... caution, may cause burns or scalding
only main reason im not a huge drake fan is, his voice is irritating, and he thinks he's already a legend.
you look beautiful !!
So great to meet you Angie! See you again very soon! :)
RT : Cant wait to share a table w/blood sister again! RT Get excited about USC's Shelf Life 2!...
19 miles south. Completely destroyed Henryville Schools. Unreal.
The hitlist just got bigger
oh, some real shit about to go down here, ya'll! LLN(;
You're at Loex? My colleague and instructional partner Nicole Branch is there too. I don't know if you'll meet, but she's great.
Q: What do you call a male quartet? A: Three men and a tenor.
yep should have by tonight
Yep, I definitely agree. I just need to figure out what card to pick for my perks. Decisions...
Best of luck to your upcoming adventures in Brooklyn. #Cville and will miss you.
shame on them <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
dhFIT & dhCARES have a new website! Check it out www.dhFIT.com
doing homework.. hope I finish quick.. I feel like going to go jog
hahah...almost that exact same line was said in the Friends I was watching last night.
Not looking forward to coming back to Michigan tomorrow... :/
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097>
I am testing out my new phone! Tomorrow is the first day of the mouse genetics conference and I will be there!
Hey Louis. Im not gonna fangirl & be like ohemgee follow me. I just wanted to say your a inspiration to many & We all know that
I lost all respect for you.
Product owners are necessary when you want off the shelf developers to make mediocre software
hi there! Did you get in touch with my partner Jennifer about the wines you will be presenting at Tasting the Town on 9/23?
Jamie I know u will love our great Memphis sound.
Excited for our friends - their LibraryAware product looks great!
Thanks for the retweets
#EADrevision thread enjoyable, and, very timely, as this morning I am listening to our 2010 interview with Daniel Pitti!
Kelsey Davis on news is cute. Is she single? LOL
Oh, and now some deborah tannen. how surprising.
Excited there is a Christmas tree in the center of the fountain in #columbia heights
LibertarianDay thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Save the date! - "PHAME is a Cabaret!" takes the stage Thurs, Aug 16, 7 pm at Artists Repertory Theatre in Portland!!
that is a great statement! ;-)
I always think people are cool until they call me "boss".
I think only uses SMASHphones
That moment when Is online & following people back & you just sit there like 'when will he notice me O_o'
Who's ready to party?
my apartment always smells like weed when I come home
my aunts childhood stories >>> lmfao
thanks dude!
i wonder if Mike wants to slit his wrists. Welcome to the 'Skew on Sunday Coach Evans
I tried to update my iPhone to IOS 5, there was an error, now I have a brick that looks like a iPhone.
I hate when i accidentally click on the ads while I'm on twitter
Congratulations to our very own Dr. Owens for completing his first triathlon last weekend!
I was wondering when Smith was gonna steal one, well! Smith stole one...
“: Brandon Inge clears waivers at 2 p.m. #Athletics front-runner to sign him, according to a source. #Tigers”
Lls his VOICE though have you heard the sex ain't better than love remix by him ?!
Happy easter everybody :)
he wants to see who is taller duuhhh
if you want a guy to take you seriously, stop posting pictures of yourself in skimpy skimpy clothes.
thanks for the props
Missed you at 4Cs. Will you be in Lubbock in May? Congrats on the MA!
Still feeling GREAT about that #Celtics win!!!
thanks brother. Still lots of work to be done. I'm currently gutting and redoing the aft cabin. I'll post pics soon.
Just passed a bike/car accident on Culver & University (my bike commuting path). Too many of these in
i love Jacob Taylor(:
Thanks Matt. Heard talk about it, but didn't hear any end result on #MissionValley development.
They should cut Sessions' defensive efforts into "Men at Work" to punch it up a bit.
I'm not even a redhead! But this brunette HAS run on lunch before. ;-)
Thanks for asking to see our work. I have plenty to show. I can provide links, you-send-it files, or personally visit,. JC
Things you could conclude from my job: 1. I like to fight. 2. I occasionally like standing in front of moving trains.
Thank you! I had a great deal of fun talking with Dr. Sampson.
Up to absolutely no good on an Monday evening. Hope yours is going well.
rain rain go AWAY. Can't we have an other Indian summer for a few more weeks! #wishfulthinking !
Big things happening your way this Friday. Kaitlin Klotz will be releasing her EP in Mocha Joe's. Show starts at 7pm.
Slight weapons malfunction.
by the way, we should have switched nights out at the Cell. You could've gone today, too. Yikes.
That was HARD. Thought I might puke hard.
I'm really tired of Kerry Wood...
#CatQuotes "wait if he called her dad.....o I bet his her farther"!!!!
Hope folks who used Instagram for #spottheshuttle have the original images too. Some things don't need filters to look amazing.
|#quotes It helps a ton when you learn people's names and don't butcher them when trying to pronounce them.
Have you ever made a Fuck-o-Graph of a story? Fun with Excel and meaningless stats!
There is more to Life then smoking, Drinking and Partying!!
wishing of #HollistonTV a very Happy Birthday!
Whole grains with a little healthy fat is a great breakfast combo, the carbs will fuel you and the fat will keep you feeling full longer
Louisville is NOT going to the ACC.
How can No. 11 NC State have 59.8% chance for Rd of 32 when opponent Michigan has 71.5% chance?
cool, where would you post at & how many?
in about to beat yours and Morgan's asses!
I feel for you bro...I can't believe you went from to Stephen A. and his large, idiotic ego...who'd you piss off?
PD Ice Cream is now at The Noble in Walker's Point. Great food, drinks...and dessert!
We will take double chocolate cayenne and oatmeal cherry, my mouth is already watering!
“To all the girls that think you’re fat because you’re not a size zero, you’re the beautiful one, its society who’s ugly.” — Marilyn Monroe
you were a two year old badass!
Now I have to wait, damn it
yes I'm back
ha! Good friends. And 3 big bottles from duty free, not helping.
Its a real workout lol! Hopping one behind the other? ;O
Chimienti speaking now- talking a lot about himself, how many meetings he's attended, his experience, etc.
12th floor of Coral.
Black, White, Fat, Thin, Old, Young, Disabled, Short or Tall.... Everyone Is Beautiful. #Beliebers and every girl are beuatiful :)
hit my phone we goin out
M, Smoothie time. Cuddling up to my rag doll, wrapped up in my blankets, watching Glee ;)
Its a beautiful day out today
Pozzovivo looks super relaxed.
Yes. #Weightloss usually slow as you get closer & closer to ur goal weight. #HCG RT almost @ 40 days...is it normal to slow down?
Hmm not sure. I will check.
Hey Mag! I'm performing in Fort Myers @ the Laugh In Cafe, Feb 3-4. Tell a friend. See you around the circuit!
ILF til the end. Illinois' Finest <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Its gonna be weird not seeing you on the show but I hope Glenn continues.
We love ya :) Hope all is beautiful with ya!!!
Powerful -Dreams are like stars...you may never touch them, but if you follow them they will lead you to your destiny.” – Lawrence Block
please brother belive me
love this! RT : There is no Social Media without women.
Dinner and evening with husband's "Duffer" friends. Much laughter. Needed after working on class syllabus all day.
yea we are!!
Thank you so much to everyone who purchased a copy of PA for their KINDLE yesterday- she debuted at #28! in her category
No Valentine, WOW!! Everyone should have severe, intense luv n their life. However, Luv is best when attracted not desired.
Codecademy's first lesson should be to not call it coding. Coding is to programming what alphabetting would be to writing.
No Point Of Fonk , But I Aint No Bitch Ill Fight A Nigga !
you have to learn how to interpret it. If you take it literally you'll have problems
I thank you for that wonderful spam. x
see, it all paid off in the end! ;) damn, you have some pretty hard-goer mahomies ;)
Good luck with that! LoL :)
really? with Seth and Amy
#watching #decoded and #hoping Brad n his #compadres dont get in #trouble with the
Searching the house for lottery tcikets I bought at the Circle-K while I was in a fugue state.
Can You Tell Me Why Do I Love You So Much?!'
ha! loved the reply you got from "there are other Nike devices..." yeah, wear a Sportband/GPS AND FuelBand together
follow me back.
How can one promote cosmopolitanism and universality while honoring particularity and distinct traditions?
I want to go Camel racing!
i honestly thought you were mad at me:/
Hey Tameka! Hope all is well! How've you been?
need to work out how to retweet faster then two months later then original tweet
I hope you are catching all the great action today !!!
I know. Isn't it annoying when you have to download one on your phone?
Hi Brian! If your still looking for work...u can go to minorityjobs.net to make a FREE resume and use the job board. Best to u!
#Michone just appeared on
My car currently will not park itself
Summer where are you?!? Your so close but yet so far away.
HKS Students: Help us live-tweet a practical, useful seminar with in 15 mins! Learn to use digital skills for gov't jobs
did it this morning (and dragged my mom along)!! can't... move... RT: #cardiobarre is about to commene@
Working on doing flowers for my meditation group, we're doing an event is San Diego in Dec and doing the flowers for the event.
He should offer that job 2 the hottest girl in show business! U :)
Tommorrow will be my first mothers day.! :)
Happy Birthday To Me Dawg :D .
Awh, sorry :( Give it a few minutes and prices will likely come down a bit!
I love and miss you so much please twitter soon Emma!
Loving Life!
Hey Columbus weekend assignment editors: Tomorrow's wet kickoff to spring kickball will be a great photo opp! DM me for deets!
#FF some of our #Cville friends & clients:
Haha, it's okay, I laughed a little too
I saw them at World Market (Cost Plus) too :)
I have mad hair cutting skills
Question to all at the Finals... What will you do After this win?
Si señor. Just finished moving in
Ok just making sure!
yea Jus need sum popcorn
For a second I thought you were #livetweeting choir!
I REALLY need to clean the screen of my MacBook Air. Does anyone have a good suggestion on what type of cleaner/cloth/wipes to buy?
Amateur drag show tmrw at 8pm; see our staff in a new light...The spotlight! $5 donation gets you in to see the magic our pros worked on us.
Drifting in Gran Turismo 5 has made me all of a sudden smell tire smoke from Irwindale... Back to studying for my exam D:
By the looks of these commercials, they are targeting REALLY old people, like way too old to be babysitting.
Everyone has to hate lol
We customize everything
U always have a choice. "Blow me or ill shoot you in the head" 2 terrible choices yes but you still have 1. Own up to your decisions people.
Heaviest "one inch" of snow I've shoveled in a while. :)
Does anyone remember how fat k love used to be?
“: LUCKY LUCKY, I'm in school:(
Besides the killin show ya'll know who made my night
Received a great response during this mornings canvass!!! The momentum is building; keep up the work guys!!!
yes please!
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet
Watch out London. I will be there in 6 days!
": I want my 2 dollars" CLASSIC!
cause YOUR BITCH ASS AINT READY FOR IT! and because i didnt get no foams :(
he said that he liked her?
Kitchen Remodel | Free vintage online
Sadly there are people and corporations that profit from convictions, fair or unfair! Keep up the good fight.
« Don't let the weekend be an excuse for unproductivity get that work!»
wish It was still last weekend so I could meet & again :D,had so much fun!
My white friend asked me if it's cool if he says the word 'nigger'. I said, "again?"
Don't retweet me unless you want me to get mad!
I just wrote a 3 page paper on a concert. Heck.yes.
Today should be a easy day, not gone do shit in most of my classes .
Can Sex be Holy? Find out this Sunday at Church.
needs me to help her with homework, and it's a word search... HOW THA FUK YOU EXPECT ME TO HELP WITH A WORD SEARCH OVER PHONE???
Lawyer I work for has me transporting UK/UofL tix. Considering craigslist instead ;-)
Interesting: paragraphs that seemed so final, complete, and necessary a few days ago now seem totally superfluous.
so I am guessing you aren't getting my happy birthday by Disney princesses email then...
This Day in History 1968: Dr. King is assassinated.
When did mystical sign wit CASH MONEY??
When u look at your kids do you light up? I do every time.
Wish you could have been there too! Definitely have to get together and play poker. Next yr, '87 team reunion. Can't wait.
Bet you can't wait to see what I'm wearing at the unveiling
Yaaayy! Big Ups to the next Soul Cutz Vol. 2., It WILL be BLAZIN!!!
Ol' Ernie rubbed off on me, I guess. As long as he looked like Corey Stoll…
Meeting with the great on hospitality legislation tomorrow? That'll do :)
hm I don't wanna get rapes but yolo
Still stoked seeing you guys at warped!
Nothing like getting home from teaching 2 classes to realize that you still have your own workout to complete...Oh work your magic
I hate the rain! Makes the roaches come. The one this morning wouldn't die!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> Now I gotta spray the house. And I'm paranoid.
Actually, I LOVE where I work. It's not truly "boring," I just have so much I want to do, too: teach/write poetry, teach kid yoga..
Can't stop watching Modern Family! Awesome show.
Theme song to Poppy Cat on Sprout stuck in my head.
Never mind
Former Padre, Aaron Harrang pitching today for the #Dodgers at 1:05 PM
31lbs......this fish finished 2nd place at the catfish tournament.....I didn't fish the tournament but its well worth it to go
All We Needed Was Some Good Friends & A Song To Sing Along.
I’ll let you know …
i pray that the hand of oaur jesus crist n his blood protect u n ur familia always u have today sanchez so u now theirs a way
OMG! Just saw the new Globe Shoes ad in Transworld Skateboarding featuring David Gonzalez and *fans*. #jawdrop You have to see to believe.
Opened for 15k with JJ guy ships all ini tank fold he shows QQ.
Congrats to my best friend for making color guard! If you hit me with a flag, I will personally kill you! Love you chic ...
I can't speak for , but I certainly appreciate your thoughtfulness.
Yay another thing to explain when i take my shirt off
We are too! RT : Excited that I was able to convince to share insights re: AF New Media Guide
wanted to see #21JumpStreet at #SXSW but our film premiered next door at same time! Will catch in theaters!
Boom! Yates to Andre! TD #Texans!
you're welcome :) lol tht featured my friend
Crunch time
i cant believe i just hit 400followers :o i know its not much, but for me... its enough<3
Woot! You're my first commenter! I also replied to your comment. RT : Read and replied. :)
damn that sucks but yeah they stepped up nd bron bron showed why he is the M.V.P.
Yeah! It's not a classic but it lends a jauntiness to the packing process. That's a win.
not helping them play defense.
LMAO....she will
thanks Frankie! let us know what you think once you've given a try.
:( my bf is crying again!
Streaming Christmas Music:) Come take a listen at solopiano.com!
when I see you in the hall i'll just walk past you with my head down so I won't see your eyes, 'cause you can't hurt me anymore.
That was very nice of you, thanks
hi gorgeous, i know i miss you.<3
oh so YOUR one of those grudge holders from last year lol its aiyt bro. I understand <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Undocumented immigrant offers scathing review CEO's education does the best cheap tequilas for plotting
"Hi" "Very HIGH" "Hi" "VERY HIGH" "Hi" "Very HIGH" "Hi" "VERY HIGH" kinda reminds me of
LMFAO I gotta charge my phone, its dead you know the usual
Is it just me or do you sometimes look at peoples pictures and just want to hit them with your fist or your car or your mom? Just me?
Before you open your mouth, make sure you have a mind to back up all the things you say.
So much for john elway being sold on tebow as the quarterback of the future.
MTG EVENTS THE BEST IN ARTIST SERVICES.FOLLOW US
pshhh why not?? Y.O.L.O
H20 - Just Add Water in a few minutes on Teen Nick! x Luv it! ;D
Thanks! Welcome to the world. Happy on sale date to 's Occupy Nation and 's Jackie After O.
99% : So... what are the chances that The Dark Knight Rises opens above The Avengers?
wilson's most famous for hot tamales since 1968
Very cool!
It's Customer Appreciation Week! The first ten people to tweet #iheartHEIN and be followers of HeinOnline will win a $10 Amazon Giftcard!
I'm in bed and Goku's farting.
i'm going to die.
There is a random shoe in the middle of the freeway.
Today, I'll be auditioning for the role of Mitch and my forehead pimple will be reading for the role of Pimple.
My Father encourages!
Friday July 8th - Join us for our official Grand Opening Party! Appetizers, Live Music, and Give-Aways - Party starts at 6pm!
LOL and yeah it will be interesting to see how they move on with him. Heat's Bench really didn't score tonight
It aint over yet. Keep it up sixers!!
Check out ACE and get your tickets Jay and silent bob, Stan Lee and more snoochie boochies
you are the chicago bible to all that is Chicago!
na there no good trust me and if you have to get an Ultrasound not good at all to have a deep belly button
Murph!!!! That wasn't supposed to be a strikeout!
Hear our interview live and a few tracks at www.fearlessradio.com with Big Shelly tonight at 9PM.
Eyes that dont cry Lips that dont lie Love that wont die Where you at?
I LOVE the cincinnati library system. I miss it so much, was the best part of growing up in sw ohio.
ru kidding me
where are you typing and sending all that?
Thanks Uncle Tom.
I have no clue how I'm getting my hair
I should probs look at it. LOL.
If I could blow things up, this world would be a better place.
Sipping my wine, bidding my time...
#MeFact if you hate The Boys, I wouldn't care but when you say something over the top, that's when you're screwed-Kelly
Did red bull change something? I never feel the effects any more... And I don't even drink them that often!
Making pizza for the experimental film fest tonight!
Jan 26,2012: Milwaukee Panthers Men's Basketball vs. Butler Bulldogs Mens Basketball: 7:00pm: US Cellular Arena.
Want to connect with other women and inspire futures? Join the Apply for 2012-13!
Where can we follow the election results?
my inner Beavis (or Butt-Head) headbanging to Mike Monteiro's intro
Mention Twitter during March to receive $5 off a car wash!
BAMM!! just lost monopoly and the bet!! Now he has to walk around downtown Los Angeles dressed in full on drag!! Muahaha
Perfect night for the biergarten at the Rathskellar!
Valverde makes it interesting in the ninth- AGAIN!
About to go on my 3rd shoot today. I'll treat myself to a meal off complex afterwards :)
MT #treas2012 Michener: data mgmnt is the new "statistics"- not part of discipline per se, but necessary in era of "Big Data"
Adam sandler is the funniest fuckin mann ever
Maybe I'll have another mummies-kind-of morning. You get those at Smithsonian.
RIP, Maurice Sendak
#CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys! Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th & Im in the 11th grade. R there any M&GS for the Milwaukee show? 20
Thanks for the RT..more details next week :)
Sunny and nice today - Feel like spring is here!
yo cigarettes is so nasty like ugh how do you smoke them shyts
I could listen to adam levines voice all day
3 day weekend!!! Cue: The Power Station - Get it On (Bang A Gong)
I dare you to carry one afterall I did ! ;D
Tweeting with (new) old friends. Hey John, good to get connected. Hope all is well. we should do that lunch we have been talking about soon.
You're bugging the crap out of me with your pandora ads. I'm never buying it.
Mom's got a twitter . Oh snapss . (:
Haha, glad you got it. I was sure it was gonna fall flat.
- This Boy In This Class Look at DirtBike "
Haha, I just meant the name of the movie is Julie and Julia, hence, it should be Sydney and Julia...
drinking that ice coffee probably wasnt a good idea
ha I'm just telling the truth anyone who has studies economics knws the president really can't do anything
#Prosperitas - Latin word meaning success. How would you define your personal #success? For me it's the rich feeling of
First hot day precinct walk in midtown. Thank goodness there are trees. And nice people to chat with.
You're freaking WEIRD
Exciting week coming up with the MidPoint Music Fest, Bunbury Music fest and 3CDC ! Great year so far and only getting better!
Finally home, got to love those 14 hour days! Going to try to do some laundry before sleeping
Don't let this cold weather hold u down. Warmth is just around the corner. Get a head start on summer and get motivated!! Don't wait!
glad I missed seeing that. unclassiness
Fun time last night! Gym 2day and Work 2night!
Nice. Complete with FRESH POTS!
Two Minneapolis City Council votes in support of #Vikings stadium may be not be as sure as once thought. Jay Kolls on why on KSTP at 10.
the weather in hawaii is perfect, says He cant tweet n drive lol
yo bitch kno she doin dick we call that hoe Double D'
Miller yes Blake no RT Wish those two (Blake and Miller) were back in Portland. They play good.
Omg these love bugs in gville!!!
My netflix isn't working,
Awesome! (Perhaps the scbua show can be performed at that new underwater hotel ;) )
Class of 2012 - enter the world with "the courage to live a life of fabulous originality" - Mary Ann Zollmann, Commencement Address
Good evening. Hows the night, my queen?
15.2 miles to start the day for #BikeToWorkWeek Milwaukee!
best part of being a dancer though, guys get turned on that your flexible.(; cheerleaders arent as flexible. #only dancers
Thank you for the follow back! Happy hump day!
why the sad face????
I love u to much -copy paste
lmfao teamlebron lol when before the playoff u was team magic lol now team lebron
Looks like I will be headlining the Marquis Theater on August 26th in Denver. I hope you can all come out to it!
Just took mom to an aromatherapy class and now taking her for fro yo
idk, I haven't started it yet. But I hear good things. Good things.
I've wondered that myself. Tannehill really hasn't done anything to merit the rise. Hopefully the Browns will see past it.
Ideas and theories are so fucken beyond me, I feel like its a need to express them.
he be like y my dad name me after another man who isnt related to us and dont even know us lmao
your welcome & please follow me back? (:
you're not kidding. So dreadfully dour. And L. Brooks Patterson? Cmon, the guy's been gleefully hatin' on Detroit for decades.
When people procrastinate <
yall fake self we know u not a real celeb cause you dont have that blue check mark on your profile
You're nothing but a slut.
ROFL ...thanks for the laugh. But if you know someone not as blessed as you 'weight wise', send them over! Have a great Christmas!
sure...no problem.
did they drop your tennis channel? RT : Oh and by the way, F you
RT Don't forget to RT to WIN a years worth of 'Tasty Little Numbers' 100 calorie chocolate bars. Winner picked tomorrow.
Thx for the RT. Almost done here. I hope you're coming to Renegade Craft Fair at Palmer Events Ctr. next wknd.
2 everybody dats being fake towards me rite now, fuck yaw its real...
We are living ours. Small ad agency in Dallas made up of international ad people. No investors, no parent company. LOVE.
Another racist/sexist organization. U R cowards. Sharpton might applaud U 4 taking sign down, but I deplore U 4 putting it up
Is it too early for reindeer games?
I think that's a rather narrow interpretation of human discourse.
- we've got a real barn burner going in FF. I expected Ray Lewis to play even though his team has a bye.
Tough loss for Georgia Tech today...V Tech hit a 3 at the buzzer in OT to win by 1...G Tech stays in the cellar in the talent filled ACC
You may admire a girl’s curves on the first introduction, but the second meeting shows up new angles. ~ Mae West
ah...i can't bro....i don't know if ican trust ya...lol
<U+2606> "You may never feel happy when your friend also had a crush on your crush." <U+2606>
incredible photo! Where was that taken?
It's really fat. She loved fat puppy's
Often there are a lot of good looking people on BART. This is not one of those times.
#culvercity inspiring interview about experimental movie with , dreaming about joined project in the
It was delicious :)
you're making me hungry phil! :P let's go girlzzz :
If you are a photographer your job is to make people care about your obsessions
Cmon giants. One more chance!
Congrats RT : is moving on to the sweet 16 of the University of Washington Business Plan Competition! Thank you #uwbpc12 !
I've had the laziest day ever. no lie. but sometimes a lazy day is needed. haha
Mom u r dumb omg.
#GoingRed with eggs, kale and bacon! #yum!
Didn't 6 months go by so, so fast? :)
10% of our respondents plan to watch Lindsay Lohan on #SNL tonight. Much higher among 18-29 y/o. No difference by gender. N=2,104
WEB NEWS: Free download: SC iPhone UI Kit (PSD)
Don't get me wrong - I think that the Gazans are brainwashed into accepting Hamas and should not choose to follow murderers
yes, you should :3
Paying your taxes.
RT Prez Clinton on 1st visit to Times Square in 64. Saw a hooker, "pretty heavy stuff for a guy from Arkansas."
Gov. Martinez would like it if Bernalillo Co. Commisioner Michael Wiener, fresh from a scandal, would leave her out of his re-election ads.
Looking forward to the weekend and seeing the Timbers take car of the Red Bulls and also the US against Jamaica
Cant think of a better way to spend Hump Day, Crazy Uncle Joe Show
ya man shoot
Very true, only 2 UK teams since 1979 have won at least 60% of their SEC games (1988 and 2006).
11am Westchester Square Fair May 12, 2012 see FarFetched perform LIVE at the 4th Annual Fair at The Square Concert Series...
Thanks for helping with the promotion
if he keeps ignoring us.....yes
Tigers on at 6! And Opening Day in a week!
i wanna buy it when is it going to be on itunes
Pope to draw massive crowds in Havana
I need some one to text me
Great meeting with and this morning to discuss strategy mixed in with a lot of laughter!
Thanks, Jesse! Bret
lol! Y r u so amazing
spending my Sunday chained to my desk writing a collection development paper on new skills for collection dev librarians
I hate it when ppl lie & you know they are not telling you the truth!!!!
i like to put my hair in a big puff ball on the side of my head
I'd give it all to you, if I could. If you'd let me. I'd love you for the rest of my days.
Thanks to everyone for all the follows! Would love to get to know all of you!!
I do the same thing. Anyone who calls their husband "hubby", immediately unsubscribed.
Big shout-out to Stoughton's Henry Klongland () who shot 5-under 67 at The Oaks to win high school golf event today Well done sir
In 2003-04, engineering graduates had the highest average starting salaries of all bachelor degree recipients.
“: The Mom next to me is teaching her kids about sex by placing french fries in different sexual positions”
Did u ever feel like u shouldn't date someone bc it would ruin a friendship with someone else, but u then thought maybe they are worth it :/
Thanks for following me. "Car singer, suduko genius" love that
Girls that dance >>>
I need to blow off some steam !!!!
RT : SHARAM () & FRIENDS at SET () in #Miami Tonight!
boston philly game: what a dumb ending
DRM for eBooks: yea or nay? If you want to tell a publisher what you think, now's your chance!
elderly folks there so I would have had to push them. I'm going back w/ my aunt just for the stage door. Haha
i am bored as hell right now0_0 jeez i wish i had somthing to do UGGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yup no problem:) your really good!
Don't clean without me!!! >:(
Sure am! RT : are you single? lol
Thanks for celebrating with us this weekend! We had a great time. Hope you all did too!
The Noah rule: Predicting rain doesn't count; building arks does. – Warren Buffett
getting a acting audition on saturday #WISHmeLUCK Hopfully i get a career!!!It would be a #MAJIORdream come #true!!!!!!luv ya all
A moderate walk for 30 minutes 3 times a week does make a difference in your physical health.
woof! And thanks! What are you up to tonight?
For sure. No time to waste!
life sucks
Have you heard of this 'Glee' show? It's.... REALLY horrible
The #badgers don't have the killer instinct
going to figure out a way to mix Harry Potter and Dr. Who for my wedding. even though I'm some years early. but it's gunna be grand!
#Creepy Bengali Taxi driver hitting on me :-/
Change stinks sometimes. But greater things are ahead.
dang. You move on fast! Lol
will do my dude!
But Boomgarden did beat Rodgers in a 3-set (all tiebreakers) non-conference match earlier in the season.
I LOVE SO MUCH!
Hey it's BK, It is Eric Clapton's birthday. I have enjoyed every phase of his career but if you had to pick one EC song, which one?
Adam Levine.... Damn.
lol yo hating ass u walking on thin ice anyway
I still feel some sort of way when I am in the Dental Office !!!
Come to our Informational Session today! 6 pm at Alfiero 102.
#FF She's one of the biggest #Madonna fans I know -- check out this Birmingham cutie! :) xo
they're the same shirt different print!!!
Good morning to my talented n loyal follower lol
In my blog, I comment on Jena McGregor's fine reminder on the traps involved in group decision making. (And her article in 11-6-11 Washingt…
Breaking Dawn soundtrack
I don't miss you because I don't interact with you. When I interact and see you in action, I want you in my life. I really screwed up.
Who else is headed to Acquisitions and Authors in tbe Digital Envirronment?
our Kickster Football goal has just hit the 44th best selling product in Amazon's Sport & Leisure department. Up 57 places in 2 days!
Dealing with Verizon and TiVo today made me realize again how terrific Apple's fully integrated products are.
Ha! I completely agree with you and about the power point presos
“Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.”
Dang, all that snow last night really piled up.
#Trattoriavalleditria in Highland Park, IL was really yummy. Hard to go w young family, however.
Starting next Thursday BOGO WINGS. Every Thursday 5-10. New unique flavors every week.
RT: offically begins today but will be running the specials all month long! Space is limited so call 2day...
Haha, I thought it was going to taste good, but I almost threw up it was so bad lol
Thanks for the #ff...We're in great company!
We're off of 'rattlesnake hammock court' unless that was a weird hallucination? There's bloody fauna everywhere here!
I miss you too! I finnally got my internet and got settled in my new home :) Hows everything?
My vacation started fourteen hours ago and I'm already bored. I fail at life.
thanks. Just got out of church. Thought he might go.
pretty much. He has to go pretty deep in Rome and Rafa has to not win the tournament for him to stay
I agree. I'm on the phone with 'em now and am writing a story on this and other facets of rad monitoring; I'll send a link
I remember your hairless pussy!!! Hahaha
New jams are coming along people. coolest stuff we've written so far! Hope all is well & if you get AP mag., find us in the December issue!
It's sometimes difficult to think clearly when you're strapped to a printing press. - Batman
LMFAOOOO THAT SKIT MADE MY LIFE!!!!!
I bought some off him
Writing a proposal for a previous organization I worked with for my English class about why they should use Twitter. :-) Love my class.
Pray you find what you are waiting for Elizabeth!
seriously or is that just an excuse??
Opening for #bank #regulatory attorney in Midtown bank. Lending background preferable. Please send resumes to .
. We appreciate the mention. Make sure to use #Nov8 and let people know about the day the #VAGOP take back the Senate
i swear if i keep writing as much as i have been, my hand is gonna forreal break. :/
Just went grocery shopping and picked up some extra food items for the challenge. I can't wait to donate!
sad thing is, I already have the game but never found time to play it.
I love my Mothers day gift from my daughter, an iPhone 4! But now it's back to entering numbers that did not sync!
Just saw Fo from last cyle's America's Next Top Model at my job. I sold her a bracelet and a water bottle...
More house hunting, can't believe how dirty people live and with open house.
Family time>>>
hey boo! how hv you been?
you guys were talking about me and I'm so twitter illiterate I didn't even know it. Thanks guys! Miss you both
meh the whole hard to get thing gets old
even after Yoli decided that being a lesbian was no longer her “scene.”
please follow me, it'll be a dream come true if you did. I love all of your songs and I love your music video
Still considering the #Steelers ? Maybe take affirmative action! Let them know you are ready!
haha I used to have to put up inflatables when I worked at the #colts...and had to wear the mascot costume for an event!
classes officially started today. LET THE PROCRASTINATING BEGIN!
Gotta love UVA's Keith Werman () 150 lbs, plays 2B and C, and leads nation w/ 10 Sacs
Omg let's go
would pay for streamage IF the matches were archived. Wimby live did that - but am blocked now.
watch it, you are going to get me in trouble with that kind of talk
That's strange. I clicked the @ thing on Twitter for iPhone and your old handle came up as an option but not the new one
This guy says "Where's the love"
Cosmic justice: guy in front of us at drive-in whose lights kept going on has to get jump start from staff.
enjoyed meeting you both! Thanks for the intro as always
Heading out to I hope the 3 month waiting list for a reservation is worth every last bite. Excited!
Andrew mccutchen is faster than most cars
8 hours later, cold brewed coffee has been strained & chilled. And it's delicious. Cafe Bustelo is strong yet smooth and not bitter. Love.
OMG...just saw my 1st grade teacher at the mall!!!
Two happy hours in two days? Gotta love how the nice weather makes everyone want to hang out again!
#ifIcouldbi would write a song with and get it produced by #Hearts check my catalog
Is it me or are modal windows (aka lightboxes) passé?
Wish #maddow would have Glenn Greenwald on more often.
Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, & I'm going to be happy in it-Julius H. 'Groucho' Marx/Comedian
We just met ! She is so sweet!
dude youll be missed get back on the air soon fuck #knr and those other worthless on air non talents except jerod though
Starting early! Way to go :)
Why is it that a trader loses 2.3Billion is labeled ROGUE. If that same broker took the same risks and made 2.3B, he'd be a hero.
have you ever ben to california??
I AM GOIN TO ENJOY LIFE IF U WANNA STRESS IT THAT'S ON YOU
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 18
That makes me cry.
New-RT It appears that the court will hear oral argument on the associational standing issues in the HathiTrust suit on Thursday.
I am obsessed with 212..I love that track..Be well AZEALIA..feelin u to the max:):)
hey Anne! Hopefully we'll meet sometime in the West Coast :)
Pretty sure I told to come to Boston!!!! Argh I'm sad now :'(
I'd love my hamstrings to stop aching from the barre workout I did on Saturday. DOMS sucks.
That's cool that you did a call for them! I sometimes wish I'm were in it, heard good things. What was it on?
kinda like popeyes but better to me. Get coupon. They a lil hi
Ohh the Nuggets just took the lead. Very cute Stern.
Happy Mother's Day! Did you know that in 1914 President Wilson signed the law creating this national holiday?
CCH Adds Estate Planning and R&D Tax Credit Treatises - Accounting Today
"RT when u do 6 things you do zero things" <-- Thank you! Made my day, possibly my life!
Picking up Kayla on Dan jones cause she ran out of gas lololol
Aren't you in charge of the cover of your magazine? Aren't you glad people care? So out with it, Greg. Twins, or no?
« OH: Hey there's a station call the Joint. 4.20FM»
They be actin' like it broha.
Actual tweet from David Lynch: "Dear Twitter Friends, I like to watch & count birds in the morning. I've made friends with a hummingbird."
Anyone else think that Ashley is the most pathetic bachelorette ever?? #stopcrying what do you think?
I love me some Elisabeth! We need to catch up, girl.
ewwww..nasty! stay away from the swine, it will ruin ur great voice :)
Cant be around that kid shit, so I stop fuckin wit these lame females and snake niggas
Well I guess I'll call it a night, hope every one has a Great Week end!! ;-))
#LastTimeIChecked real friends don't talk to someone like that who you've once had feelings for..
wed @ 7pm? L'Atelier or Joel Robuchon Restaurant?
I'm trying not to go to sleep on the #Lakers but they making it easy for me like really what's going on
I want you but I can't find the words to have a common conversation with you. Sigh.
you're lucky I have to watch what I say on Twitter lol...come see me on FB haha!
Seriously, why are all the cars today trying to hit me?
Thank you, Jess. You know what happens next ;) x
Nice Too meet you Dawn!!! ;) i'm from new york!!
I need some new texting buddies :(
haha~ it's just a signature kinda thing. Like at times it means there's more and other times it's just because I want it there.
the bangs... Fabulous!
Just got home & moms trippin already
I know! I guess we'll see how it plays out. Fingers crossed it doesn't get crapified, as we're clearly both fanatical about IG.
The top 10 in-demand jobs in the US in 2010 did not exist in 2004.
is there a plan with at least 400 mthly mins, unlim nights/wknds, unlimited msg, and a decent amount of data for <$80 in MI?
howd u sleep x
": Why's it so cold in here?"
Stoked about making a shit ton if bacon for breakfast tomorrow!
eww not kool! my butt hurts
He's cute. Young girls will love him. Nice voice but it lacked the quiet power that Maxwell has.
Thanks for your time and advice today! It was great to talk to the person who inspired us to start Fanlaunch.
AINT TO GRAVE CAN HOLD DEADLIEST CATCH DOWN
Burning yourself with a straightener<<<
is geting behind early so he can have plenty of time to catch up
Thank you for the RT. :-)
(jen) So glad my morning checkin with the PM's is not a video call - my wet hair is still wrapped in a towel!
always day drink.
Everyone should come out next weekend to #wineinthewoods-I'll be pouring @ Legend's booth on Sat morning!
is a spoiler-whore is a tease. Happy birfday coca-cola.
lol still drinking
That's awesome. Yo momma clearly knows where it's at. DA BURGH! Hope to see yinz out at the jazz soon.
Agree w/ about Pepsi vs Coke
One way to establish & maintain accountability: Whiteboard - 3 wks (cols), people (rows), post-it notes
he was much more efficient getting after the QB in SF which is what the Ravens need, so he could fit in a 3-4.
Buy your tickets online for the Vintage Reggae Winter Fest, it will be more at the event
Hahahaha, I gotcha!
if you're lucky it you get hit in the nose and it doesn't make your neck turn too much.
done done and done
hi drita your so pretty !!(:
I'm not bol but I through I was tho -_- RT : you not a thug
great morning. Getting lots of work done.
So can a brother get an update? I heard 4 rds to 2 for Floyd. True?
what are you doing nao.
And I still miss you in the night and I want you to know if he leaves you cold in the city arching for lover, honey u cn always come home
Teresita's for breakfast(:
About 3 and 4 day's a week.
Braun, Hart and Lucroy won't start vs Cubs today. It's Aoki, Morgan and Kottaris instead vs Ryan Dempster. Gallardo on mound for Crew.
In deep need of a few drinks and night out!
Happy B-Day to 1 of my favorite WWE divas LITA.... Love ya:)
nah bro, victoria justice poops all over selena gomez
hope you had a good time Saturday:-) see you Friday
Mr wright Is back :o
Hey Orlandoians! How are you liking ??? Tonights the last night so come out and play!
Just got two super cute dresses from Electric Lemonade on Charleston! Go quick before word gets out! Xoxo
Floss Inc Tonight @ The Hotel Regency!!!
RT #occupy #abq crowd now looks about 250 strong. helicopter circling above. Now 30 min past deadline
CLASSLESS. Really Ottawa?!
Our hefeweizen, South Wedge Summer Wheat is now on tap! Come in, sit on our patio, and refresh yourself with our summer seasonal!
Feeling the theraputic power of good music...have a great week a head people. Peace
True, both good points. I think the point remains that people's actions rise above labels.
Oh snap! She just brought it :)
Hey Robin, I am in Minnesota, just saw your tweet.
If you are not totally in love with life, I am here for you...
okay tami give it a rest she's obviously scared of you. Grow up & act a lady. Trashy you are.
tick tock tick tock! McBob's 50% off deal won't last forever - get over to www.crowdclick.com soon!
Lol she always got something stupid to say wit da big guys haha. (jungle fever naw)#big guys. Lol
except me
Date night :)
Thank u for the gift u give. Your music has gotten me through some tough days lately. Thank u!!
i dont know anymore ....
I can't believe Belmont ( ) lost to Duke again last night by just one point!! Gonna be another great season for the Bruins.
Even if I had a pocket full of fucks, I still wouldn't give you one.
Lots of integrated Twitter, FB and LinkedIn logins. Looks like it's become a much easier dev task over the past year.
See ya friday !!
omg. coming to end of monster project. pray for us.... it has been 2 years in the making.
What nobler employment, or more valuable to the state, than that of the man who instructs the rising generation. ~ Marcus Tullius Cicero
That awesome moment when One Direction comes on the radio when you're on the bus and everyone starts singing really loud
Add value by continually giving people free information/product. People will want and pay for more.
I HEART HOLTBY!
<U+0093>I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.<U+0094> - Bertolt Brecht
PickUpLine: I<U+FFFD>m starring in a porno movie. Would you help me learn my lines?
Awesome beach day. Now getting ready for Cindo de Mayo madness
#Quote2SpinBy <U+E148> Fix the problem, not the blame. — Japanese Proverb RT
Thank you to all teachers, past and present!
Twitter is basically just you having a conversation with yourself hoping that someone else will join in lol REAL TALK!
Sex got me into trouble from the age of fifteen: I'm hoping that by the time I'm seventy I'll straighten it out. ~Harold Robbins
Helicopters n spotlights!
Happy Birthday homie!!!!!
UA SLAT student Denise Osborne offers a very active presentation on performing arts in the L2 classroom this morning!
No. Metro Drug Task Frce says 200 plants taken from inside home where I am. Alleging some of pot was mailed out of state
You have a great site as well... and I agree, we do indeed have similar ideologies!
While we wait: Who wants to explain why every one rushes to get on the plane, as if you will get there faster than everyone else?
. so cool to follow this with you!
That's totally the look I was going for! Delish mixed with a little sass ;)
I hate Pepsi
: Good morning :))
On tipping over cliffs and Ridin tsunami waves to ur where about a, providing a sun ray in ur day:)
Hey, wanna follow me back? :)
I really need some more sleep. After a hard work out yesterday,my body didn't get enough rest as much as it needed.
- got 'em but haven't looked at them yet
I do that too!
Smooth Sound!! Like your style!!!
I miss hugs.
- You can get caught up, it's on demand now. Watch episode 1 then watch episode 2 tonight.
I'm starting #Sherzer myself. He wasn't listed because Vegas has him and Colon pretty close and my streamers are always odds-favs
sweet! gotta love that!
- remember me? Thanks for the #FF shout last week. I know, I know.
...assistant women's basketball coach @ SU, Joy Hollingsworth!
we want pistachio macaroons!!! LOVED your cookies!
No , cheap socks I can replace everyday... That's my dream.
Me too. Must be a Chicago thing... or a snow thing.
Let the Triumph of Orthodoxy continue in your life throughout this next week during this Great and Holy Fast.
Damn straight, you do.
yeah it's a shame. I don't wish her ill, but you have to wonder if she will have that attitude toward fans of her future projects.
Switching back to #americanspirits yellow pack. For my health...because they're lights. Don't judge me. I run 15 miles a week.
Ew I have work
Catching up on South Park while I fill my copper circle supply orders for Etsy! <3 my job! :)
Best tweets of the night will be on our website as the #Pacers take on the #Heat in our Game of the Night.
I will wait for the reboot.
how do they look?
55 degrees? Come on Pittsburgh! Bring on the sun!!!
Woman of my dreams, I don't sleep so I can't find her.
Post your past shows. I miss you guys!
My new favorite group of people are from the mid west
CHRIS!!!! PLEASE! follow me?!?
My friend's gonna give me a ride!! :))
I just text you
Congrats to Jeremy Cerone, a junior at and our Executive Director, on his internship with the Council for National Policy!
Not fully prepared to say goodbye to my best friend for the summer. God speed, Andrew.
Annoying when ppl like have email lists w no unsubscribe option & staffer puts you into a voicemail when you ask 2b removed.
Pretty girls always have an a in their name
Nice meeting you all the best...
Thanks for following and Welcome.
ALEXI DELANO live at WET ULTRA LOUNGE this SATURDAY at WET 18 and over party! 915-449-2066
Big opprotunities are coming this summer! Be prepared! INDESTRUCTIBLE!
So hungry all I want is two boots pizza. Looks like I'll be hitting the gym over time today
As says, Mambo's might be an option. Been looking for one myself. Lots of impostors out there.
Oh where, Oh where can my Las Vegas Review Journal be? Phone lines jammed as customers want their Sunday paper!
Hope you had a great week in Syracuse! It was so nice to finally meet you! Save travels back home :)
Off work early now to finish this english paper..
I missed a MAJOR audition!!!! Uugghhhh
Megan eddy?!
#IdislikeItWhen I can't talk to
both. we are the 3rd seed and we do have home court
anytime you want to fish for compliments, feel free
Thanks for the RT- can't imagine how I'd react in that room!
I’ll be at Art Vs. Craft Saturday with all sorts of cards, prints and other stuff, so if you happen to be in Milwaukee, stop by.
I need a baseball buddy down here! since lives too far away
how you been bey
"Angry black man day" today...I swear...sometimes I don't think people really understand how that works. We still get mad about that BS.
Tomorrow is my all day meeting with my Vistage group. Some of us have been together more than 10 years. All great guys and CEOs.
Half the money I spend on advertising is wasted, and the problem is I don't know which half - Lord Leverhulme, Unilever founder, UK
#I'dRatherHave a partner that respects my autonomy and consent than any other characteristic.
You should follow me to show your #WildcatNation some love!
It's our first normal saturday night of the year! Find Mikwaukee's best gyros on Water and Juneau until we run out of food
Emily... We are so proud of all 3. Thank you! :)
Knit the city, even...
love your site - would love to talk with you more about #HRC and exchange ideas. Interested?
People are freaking out? You guys threw an awesomely fun wedding. That should be thanks enough.
lol I think I found you
there we go now that makes sense
what's your ticket on promoting
TONS! The first few snow falls are so pretty and exciting! But by the 8th snowfall you're like.. Okay really.......Stop. :P
Don't know what i would do without the internet. Best thing since sliced bread.
watching WSS, waiting for Bernardo to break into a chorus of 'Mandy' ::chuckle:: and prepping for OR tomorrow, yes OR!
I love your hair
Don't take yourself too seriously.
Insecurity is a woman's worst enemy
#scumbag #postoffice sends out catds with 8am opening. Actually opens at 10. They deserve to fail.
offers three frame bevel options to ensure the right fit with existing window frames & Marvin’s Ultimate Insert Double Hung.
So we had a read/sing through of the show today at 3:00. I'm blown away how at day 2 we are this far along! Rock it out, cast!!
I love the Spanish word for cash "efectivo". It's effective all right.
ha! Try to Make me pigy phone away :-)
Liar? "I've got to take a break, to be honest. I'm not even going to lie. " - Puff Daddy
this is big news and we haven't discussed
strange! Tickets will be available at the door, no worries!
i haven&#39;t been paying attention just fucking around cause i thought you were gone, is every ok? wtf is going on i need plain engli…
Time to watch
Once again having trouble sleeping. Wish I had a girl that would rub my back until I fell asleep.
went to a pub crawl last night... Ended up at the crawling stage. Ugh!
Watching Braxton Family Values :)
Sarah Sackett! Yr support means the world to us! Thank you so much for yr continued support. We heart you so much! Yr pretty amazing!
Sitting at VSTE waiting for the keynote speaker to begin.
My parents arrived in L.A. in the late 1970's. We've been here ever since. :)
minutes away from warm brie salad and fresh baked bread in the house!
Every Sunday @ Main Street UMC @ 3:30 PM: "Jam for Joy" Musician? Vocalist? Just want to learn some new music? Open session upstairs!!!
Had mucho fun with :D even with her drooling!
Are you coming out for Legends Week?
Another Twitter t-shirt question coming up today ... Stay tuned
Occupy #peeps. Perfect choice.
Your a sorcereress aren't, able to tweet while sleeping.
driver's test soon !
I (ayjay) just stubbed my toe into the metal leg on my bed. OUCH!!!!!
Heading to the Sobe in a bit. Hope it doesn't rain... Like really loll
On the road from Fort Benning, long day, but good meetings with customers
I just got a zillion times more excited about this, and I didn't even think that was possible.
believe me, so am i!!
{PEARLS} is taking a break from our *Top 10 Hip Hop Songs You'd Probably Want the Youth to Miss* series, But it'll be back soon...
": Knock knock. "Who's there?" ... Banana. "Oh, then I'm not opening the door.""
2 of the girls that have come out are Edrienne Chan & Emma Young from Seton. Any insight?
Ever wondered why something at the library works the way it does (or doesn't seem to work)? Ask us! We're happy to help!
Big changes. #update soon! \m/
clean my room, and then I'll text you guys when you can come over!
I think it was more a concern of rooting for someone on the Yankees. Lots of Yankees haters. Of course, I'm one of them...
Did you hear about next week!! Gourmet Food Trucks are finally coming to
A spring wind has wafted me into Bill's Gay Nineties for lunch. I am going to miss this place.
Please dont call me to the office.. Please dont call me to the office . Please dont call me to the office
Switching back and forth between the Heat game and the Grammys. Thumbs-up to DWade, Lebron, Chris Breezy, and Rhianna for great performances
wowsa! Some people are prolific tweeters! I'm not sure what it all means!
who you got Sugar ray leonard or Mayweather!!!
Another hour another session
"Hide by her bed while her mom and dad came to say goodnight" LMFAOOOO Cyrus is a mess.
In study hall.
Up to the second book, very hard to put the book down
The awkward moment when u and ur friend both like the same guy. And she doesnt know u like him so she brags about there moments.
A man knows his woman's loyalty if she's there when he's becomes broke, unemployed, and possibly homeless
“: Only forgive someone because you believe they are truly sorry, not just because you want to keep them in your life.”
My alarm for the shitshow brewers game just went off....
Netflix til I fall asleep. Already got 2 hrs
Need a big inning from Selman, here.
damn,say it ain't so!
sup mane, got a bent alchohol bottle on ya face dont it? jermaine jackson nose ass nigga lol
Lattuca & Stark "[Faculty should] challenge students to apply, integrate, evaluate...construct knowledge by engaging them in...activities"
is delusional lol if he got onto all stars that would be a waste just like him this season lol
People screwing people over <<<
well yes young sir I said I would so #countonit another happy
#follow4follow Scott Aukerman uploaded Anniversary Party!
God I was huge on myspace. #28,000
whats in texas my friend!?! i probably would have know but havent read my twitter lol
Loved 's presentation today at #BizExpo - busting out some folks using QRs w/out mobile landing pgs - don't do that! -CV
The moment when you're finally making a connection and someone else steals the spotlight
You don't deserve a tip. Seriously been waiting for two hours.
I don't like feeling like this...:'/
Hehe did a little partying last night....soo fun!!
President Jimmy #Carter's #mother joined the #Peace Corps at age 68.
Ugh, headache...
still can't sleep
Wall2Wall Mirror Mosaics Brighten my Day. Sipping Coffee @ Black & Brew on Passyunk Ave.
RT : Dow up over 400 as investors struggle to even out meds.
Walters on North in tosa is my fav bar
Good luck UW Badgers today! Go Bucky!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME, IS MY ONLY WISH!! SPAIN LOVE YOU !<33333333
spiritual privileges bring responsibilities and obligation
I always embrace local business, thanks for the follow. Let me know if you need
Yes don't get angry if God doesn't change the sitution 2 the way you want it, say ur prayers aren't ans'd * God don't bless no mess*
Not to sound clingy, but why have'nt we heard from Colts beat staff about Mudd's new job.
well my kids understand but remember that's when they start not to listen. Gotta love it.
My brothers turning 10 today! He's growing up fast :)
Who is on?
Trying to get used to using my iPad at work. Trying iAnnotate & Penultimate. Need a stylus! Then I think both will be really useful.
The Stage is up at Edgefield, the 1st concert is this weekend! Come have a pre-concert meeting, lunch or dinner before heading to the show!
u must be sick bro lets get it add me n ill spank dat ass lol
........lol man atleast you got to sit in the front seat instead of the drunk.........hmmmmlol
we dont post without your permission. Can you please email on how it happened, please
Today has made an unexpected turn for the best.
what was the other photo of?
It's been too long!!! #livemusicrocks!!! With :D
I love you! Wish you weren't tiny so I could borrow!
I assume you do NOT work with satellite internet?? That's all we have access to.
MT : Listening to one of the great lecturers, Prof. Baughman talking about history of PR #madasawethen #UWRightNow <- love it!
What should I be for Halloween?
After my exp with parents last night , I need an escape! lol They are quite entertaining! Where are you located?
the world won't end in 2012 because they found a new fucking calendar?! the world won't end in 2012 because IT! WON'T!
Stealth startup seeks helicopter designer.
there's such thing as church son
Nice to see you on the tweeter. What have you been up to?
Had the exact same thing 4 dinner tonight and it was awesome! In still stuffed. :)
Hello baby Jack!! Congrats to your sister, Carrie! Prayers for Jack's health. Have a good day, auntie!
Just like after a night @ Fogo
haha, thanks! It's from the Big Ass Twitter Happy Hour meet-up last week. They had an awesome photo-booth set up.
NOBODY KNOWS SHIT
got u lil bro!!!
Hey Mother Nature, Father Time called and he said winter is over so get it the hell out of Omaha. Signed Ft. Time Peace in the Middle East.
Renardo Sidney from Mississippi State rolls ankle to start the second half. Mississippi State up 39-29 over
I mean, really. Why would Twitter buy out a good thing and then make it bad?!?
ain't nothing but the truth
#3wordsforyou jobs jobs jobs
Uh oh. This chart says I'm stressed. I didn't even know it....
Just letting everyone know I'm still alive
A tho head b4 sex is always good
Why aint u let me know
How many Penn State running backs have recorded three 1,000-yard rushing seasons?
Over 40% of solo respondents to our 2011 survey have primary email @ ISP or @ web mail provider.
Can't wait to head over to later for the celebration! We'll be there 3pm-6pm. 233 Mott St. See you there!
That's a pretty fantastic find!
If I could put ever song I love into one big playlist, it would go on and on forever. #obsessed #ILikeToThinkIHaveGoodTasteInMusic <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Talking about weak teams in the Cup Finals. But I think it's great. You can keep hope as a lower seed in the NHL...
Over 200 million YouTube views occur through mobile devices every day.
Don't wanna come home
If you walk in front of my car in the middle of the road, I will not hesitate to hit you
alright! Followed! Good luck this month - I tripled the amount of rules I had with my last game. Should be interesting....
Amanda French's presentation is entitled, "The Ivy and the Kudzu, or The Lush Perils of Openness in Academe."
Very excited to have you in!! Do you already know what you'll be having?
Pro 1:10 My son, if sinners lure you, do not be willing.
well idunno, do you speak spanish?
Some people tell me "Well She may be a mega bitch behind closed doors" about the cheating thing.. I'd bet GOOD $ on NO.
I don't know if I can cope with 10 minutes of this plus extra time.
i haven't been on in a week :O
key take away from #nyc startup crawl, startups are hiring "like crazy", #wallstreet is firing like crazy
Omg shocker .
RT synth drums and live instruments
Congrats Big Time Rush! We love you! :D
I'm going to regret this big time.
sleep good love you too lol
Thundershowers in DC
My lazyness made me forget the outlet behind my nightstand, after all this tripping over the extension cord...
Practice tomorrow its about to go down. Lmao
Diplomats Vol. 2 is one of the best mixtapes ever.
Grizz lost to one...again :/!
Thanks for the follow fulloftravel (fulloftravel)! :)
I love the new Cobra starship song
Oh good, I'm not the only classic movie fan who didn't see The Sound of Music until they were in their 20s.
Extra bright I want you to see all of the light..
oh if u can let me know. Ill be all over that
haha can I do that!? But doesn't it cost like $250 ? Would it count towards my credits? Haha
“: Energyne Barco Draino hot shot Whack attack Helium Nitrous oxide Formaldehyde Some new kind of kick”a hollywood breakfast!
You should examine yourself daily. If you find faults, you should correct them. When you find none, you should try even harder! Xi Zhi
oh yuck. Im sorry!
We love the Twitter background!
At Blum+Poe fundraiser for the Calder Performing Arts Organizations
I was in the same boat this AM! Added ginger-nut granola to LF vanilla Greek yogurt & a clementine! Fast & filling #breakfast!
it is amazing!!!!
And that's a BOLD statement. RT : This "pursuit of Manning" video feed is the most pathetic thing in the history of sports media.
RT : President Obama recognizes #VAi2 2010 innovation as a Champion of Change at White House today...
- Angela Glover Blackwell is one of the most mesmerizing and inspiring speakers I've ever heard. A truly incredible woman!!!
that hash tag made me do a spit take. Haha!
I love the FACT that God has proven Himself to me, now I must prove myself to Him...such an honor.
dont know you .. but i feel like i retweet you alot ....... awkk
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind. ~ Da Vinci
well I guess that was cawlidge hockey at its finest
Can i just kill target...
With all the abnormally warm weather we've been having this winter, it's somewhat re-assuring to finally see some snow!
I watch brave heart every time it's on tv!
he ugly too
thanks for sharing the link! enjoy your brunch!
I bet John fox loves this game no forward pass and fg's galore
Romney'd look a lot less boring wearing a Night Owl shirt! 10% off EVERYTHING in our store, "2012" is the coupon code. www.nightowlmerch.com
Keeping our 7for5 special going through today ONLY! Stop in to save BIG on single session packages! --this includes spray tan sessions!!!--
Another B12 shot in the booty by the doc <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089>
Most Libra women r hoes u mite c them n the bk seat of a car. The men r liars
Excellent question!
Torrance Hicks wrote: "Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about the things that matter" ~Martin Luther King~
Washingtonian magazine readers have chosen Firehook's cookies as the best in town! Stop by your local Firehook Bakery and try one!!!
Film or TV? Why?
My Cascada Pandora station is going off right now. Exactly what I needed to hear.
Bob Bradley dismissed as U.S. men%27s soccer national team coach - ESPN http%3A%2F%2Fes.pn%2Fo2hish
Good luck all around. Have started using here and it's been well-received so far.
the more, the less .
You ain't us
Just because something ends doesn't mean it never should've been. Remember you lived, you learned, you grew and moved on.
oh plleeaassee...do you support/feel the pain of ANY mid table/relegation bound club? All your energy=TOP CLUBS Boring easy way out
what are you talking about??? Lol
Thanks for the mention and hope you can join us!
Stricker one behind and in the fairway bunker on the 18th.
Your hard work today will pay off in the future.
YAY FRIDAY!! Have an wonderful weekend :)
lol. I still don't want to do it. It was actually taking your guys' idea and I realized that.
Korean food it is today
I can't wait for the Bulls-Heat game today, then my son and I are gonna hang out and watch the royal rumble. Yeah we're #wrestling nerds.
I know it's a little earlier of Christmas but I LOVE new song #Mistletoe and this is my 1,000th tweet
Students: looking for #career consulting advice? Contact Career Services to receive info regarding #job opportunities 216-432-8948
Driving around san Antonio, mutual pee emergency, where is this ranch
Everybody always wanna twitter after dark but what about in the morning, lunch, mid day, etc....idk bout yal but I like sex anytime ^_^
What's your favorite dish at StreetFood Asia?
We Love Percy Jackson!!!
Don't make me your number one, make me you're only one.
New favorite app- Couch to 5k! Getting ready for the color run in NYC this summer!
I've stuck around my home because I feel bad leaving my mom but she doesn't appreciate anything I do. I'm about to bounce. I want outt.
Im ready for this to work out! Keeping my fingers crossed
Packed court room. Many folks in overflow room//RT fun for geeks: oral arguments in Supreme Court for
I was expelled on pajama day. It's not my fault I sleep naked.
RT SportsNation just showed the Willie Warren High School dunk. Somewhere & are smiling.”I AM!..on the bench!
leaving for my aunt's&uncle's house on the lake! Having a family party there. So pysched to hang out w/my awesome family! :D
TSA will claim it's just doing its job, but damn, frisking Grandma is overkill.
well let you!!
Kicking it at #livestrongsportingpark, got my #omarbravo bobblehead, ready to see #sportingkc fell the Timbers! Sporting till I die!
Was going to stay far away from the Facebook IPO, but has convinced me to do more homework.
2012 PR tip #2. Get back into a regular routine with blogging, tweeting, friending, connecting, posting.
Help us take a BITE out of cancer this week by joining us at one of these amazing restaurants where a % of sales will be donated to our cam…
thanx for sharing and thank you for 'Joy' on the Preacher's Wife
Last exam week ever!!! Oh wait.....
Thinking of doing a "Pilot Season Prep" tele-class...does that sound like something you would like to attend?
woo! #angels & #sizzlers <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I'm always undecided
Happy to receive the endorsement of the WV Affiliate of American College of Nurse Midwives
lol I'm sorry it took about nd hour to do my hair
Safe opens April 27th, 2012 (wide) A second-rate cage fighter on the mixed martial arts circuit, Luke Wright lives a numbing life of rout
RT : Having a Goose Island Green Line Pale Ale at historic Twin Anchors on North Side waiting for what I hear are RIDICULOUS ribs.
Oh LA how I've missed you. On the road with
Huh. I don't think I knew that Joss was in on the writing of Toy Story, Interesting.
It's all coming together. 2, I repeat, 2 new ESL teaching jobs. Keeping my tutee, too. My cup runneth over. GRATITUDE!
What should I bring as gifts to a holiday party this evening? TOO EASY!
not even froyo from ?
Don't ever take me for granted.
GOOD MORNING!!! GO FOLLOW AKA LIL MO,1 of the DOPEST . U heard him on songs with @
thanks . What time?
looking forward to seeing the lovely this evening to talk about opening in #dc soon!
will CJ help the gimp make pizza? Get it ready, baseball is back!
got Stafford, but with his questional health is it a good bed to throw A.Smith (SF) in as a starter and bench The Staff?
Terelnisha's still around!?
Lets face it. You can't replace it
New! Introducing Happy Hour at The Local Vine in University Village. Every day 3-5pm. Be happy!
haha somehow that actually made me literally laugh out loud
Prepped breakfast, packed lunch, planned dinner. Tomorrow is tracked. #100ozchallenge complete. Ready for bed by 10:30.
So true. What an incredible voice and energy she had. Very Sad. So sad for her daughter.
I've heard that MKE thinks is wise. But can she figure out the password to #CovertTU?
Hello Palm Springs.
What's up everyone? It's finally friday! Who's ready to party?
My family is fighting over MY child support money.... Wow and not over me! Life...
No matter how hard your life can get, we always have that one friend we can act stupid with :)
4. DO NOT consent to a search of your person, vehicle, residence, business or property/belongings. Defend these rights verbally only
The gamertag was Mo0se OuTlaw thats not how it looks you just request Chloe Moretz bio says add my original gt etc and its fake
Headlines on : "WARNING: Twitter Phishing Scam Spreads by Direct Messages" & "Twitter Now Lets "X Factor" Viewers Vote via DMs."
How can you miss the extra point after all the field goals...
Mom's comments don't matter--not evidence. She must stay visible. She is the face and voice for
I love lifetime
fyi, had nothing to do with this.
it came! (actually it came days ago, but I was not informed)...what is your deadline for wednesday submissions?
can you plz get me more followers ??? i just followed you can you follow me bakk plz
I love the Sting likeness. Ugh. Yes.
Sunday is Mother's Day. Save a pepper for her.
s/o to my new followers
Beaker did that until he got his wife. Now he doesnt want to take house flights to be with us because she wont
Finally at the party. I should be able to have a drink within the hour!
S/o to look forward to working w/ u love :)
who's weird?
Psyched for this panel. Non-consumptive uses so fascinating, fun, and shouldn't require permission.
No, I've got a conflict with my office hours today. I know we were going to meet and I thought I would be there earlier!!
haha i'll be in indy.. going to the track saturday morning, but next week for sure !!
LOL, im not sure.
Work really hard. Stay really patient. Empathize.
lol you think that's funny, but you that's some serious ish right there
really like this check in, CB. happy belated :)
Awesome interview! Congrats on the Kickstarter campaign!
haha! Who taught you about him?
You me at six.
don't worry there's always next time!! :-)
"Ignorance never settles the question."<-- that's what my fortune cookie saidC:
It should be illegal to be in school when it's this nice.
#powerofwork Mayor Hancock totally gets the challenge education faces in CO. Proud he supports our literacy bill.
#Virgos is easily embarrassed, nervously romantic, wary of their partner's experience, slow on the uptake & Would sweep u off ur feet.
come on promote me please <3
OMG, I love it when someone tells me, u look pretty ;)...and he said I look pretty..yaaay, am not being silly right? :$
same haha for like one day (;
follow me on get glue Please
Best news I've heard all day!! RT : What you call 8:00, we call home. Community returns to Thursday nights on March 15th.
I hate essays for English!!!
Who wants to swap their Large #flyingpirate t-shirt for my XL?
lol, do you use a lot of post-its?
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more than pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto. - W. Clement Stone
U know how I like my music? FAST! Thx 4 the follow! We hope u have chance 2 dig u some Secret Skwirl! Best & Success!
Lunch time at #sjctie Great list of afternoon sessions in store. LinkedIn, portfolios, wikis, mobile note taking, Blackboard.
OK. I'm finally watching season one of "Stella." Insert you either shaking a finger or nodding knowingly here. I'll take wry smiling too.
you would! What are we gonna do with you lol
I take naps way too much. It ruins my sleep at night.
follow he got that Fire don't hate support the movement give much support for the big bruh!!!!
hahaha I think you just stumbled across the Herald's new side venture
you should check out musicmatrix.com... you could have remixed jae millz green goblin... legggoooo
I am just getting more and more pissed at FaceFuck.They already have all my info all my photos.Just let me use my fucking account
the birthday is tomorrow.
forget the Dutch Manual; today's archivists eat Dutch babies. With lemon & sugar.
Oh my you tweeted! Such a grown-up. Miss you Fina!
Well, now were in the heat of it! 1100 peeps in a 10 ft coridor!
Never thought I would actually get pissed watching womens soccer...until today
WOW!!! What a comeback by Dallas!!!
hates Wisconsin sports.
College is like a woman, You work so hard to get in and nine months later you wish you'd never come.
Actually, we'll be busy with happy couples tonight, but we'll still have room for walk-ins! Enjoy r fabulous lounge-short wait!
What exactly have I been recruited to?
Behold, I do not give lectures or a little charity, when I give I give myself. – Walt Whitman
#happy your Dreams are coming true, but Always remember where you came from, Stay grounded, and dont become a major Diva <3 U.
I was at the earlier today with and the whole family. Had a great time.
I guess the "Fat Toad" has croaked.
What do you give the person who is richer than scrooge mcduck?
it's my birthday can I get a happy birthday please? <U+2764>
Inspiring newsroom visit today with Bob Freeman of the state Committee on Open Government. If only more officials would heed his words.
hahaha XD Merrrr is also a good word o.o
You just noticed?
oh i must have missed something i didnt think the headline was "Top 10 Restaurants for Snobs"
adorable like always :)
go check out ! I sent you an email about us! Friends with Steve Bunker
his games for his 3ds he is so xcited
It would be pouring outside <U+2614><U+2601>
I b quiet but when he leave I b talking again.. Lol
what. facebook has 'trending articles' ? dafuq is this?
I just teared up. I can't WAIT for this weekend. ONE MORE DAY!
I love my big sister and my big brother and nephews and niece and mi madre y mi padre!
Spinach is a heart-healthy food! An outstanding source of vitamins A & C which are antioxidants that help reduce free radicals in your body.
I finished reading the PLL series in less than 2 weeks. What the heck am i supposed to do til January when the show comes back on?!
There is currently a snoring competition going on between and Mingus.
LOL :-) Happy Friday. #ff to an awesome Diane who runs back to back marathons and qualifies for Boston!!
#2011musictaughtme that boyfriends can be compared to aliens.
Keep on rockin' in the free world.
Oh ma god labor day weekend already?!
Yes! Got my bike checked out and everything!
god damn lmao
rock band 2 time!
"Electric Relaxation" plays in my head every time it rains in NYC! Thanks #ATCQ ( & )
#np I farted on santa's lap by small children
are you kidding? What happened?
Yeah me too
Do you own it? Or an affiliate?
i dont like when fans do that.Yeah i get it that your jealous,but u dont need to hate just bcuz u r.They still love you too
Thanks Google Apps Mail for the new format for contacts!
OK #Packer and dance fans! five minutes until on
get all your friends to vote! :)
Billsfans? “: Watching TJ Graham. I'm amazed he went so early. Strictly a stretch-the-field 4 or 5 receiver w return skills.”
Props to #JeredWeaver for the
Watching a movie with my beautiful daughter, Abby!
haha good call on that one. Such a good song!
G. Dep Sentenced: Rapper Gets 15 Years to Life for 1993 Shooting
prayers from here for speedy recovery
I've probably never been this hungry in my life
lol, u silly..
I heard you say "You Sucked" meaning that night, not "you suck!" BIG difference!You earned the right 2 judge this show, BIGUPS!
Heard them at UCSD-- too depressing! Len Downie thinks its okay for journalists to be roadkill.
has great taste in music! Thanks for sharing!
I had the pineapple Chobani this morning! I loved it! You called it!
Does the guy from Eli Young look like a fat a steve holy?! # ACMs
I realize in not ur type so y settle for less
we got them no problem but y'all better pray y'all get to the second round
RIP any chance of seeing Incubus... I think I'm gonna bury myself in cats that day. Even cats won't cover up the agony.
Eagle scout to me earlier in offseason when I suggested Bell solid all-around 'Where did you hear that!' Can't cover
PLEASE follow me!!!(:
RT : Brunch is on until 2 p.m.! Homemade food, bloody marys and specialty mimosas!
Cute girl gives me a look. We meet eyes as she leaves. She looks back to see me looking. We smile.
celebrates the birthday of Charles Ives!
Never blame any day in your life. Good days give you happiness, bad days give you experience. Worst days give you a lesson.
“: This year's Games 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 all scheduled for same dates as corresponding games in 1994 ECF between Devils and Rangers.”
Way too long of a day.
This neighborhood always smells like dollar store pine sol
We'll be turning off lights & AC and turning on the tiki torches. What are your #Earth Hour Plans?
Hey boo we playin the shoot by ear due to thunder storms and shit.. RT : hey
The good life, as I conceive it, is a happy life
amen! Makes my heart heavy..
My words can be a bit harsh
Just saw the infomercial for "Miracle Socks", I'm sorry but those look like grandma knee-hi's!!! Lol. Try again marketing team! Lmao
Might be unmanly, but it'd be the better choice. :)
Thinking about jay today !
Chipper Jones retiring after 2012!! Chipper Jones is one of my favorite baseball players and the MLB will not be the same with out him.
You were at the Grammy's 10 years ago?! Um, details!
wanna pick me up at 715 outside lubar? My phone died
Nothing beats a custard filled maple bar
:-) Happi today is monday hope my week go well.
Sneaking food into the movie theatre, $3 for a bag of skittles my ass.
#breakfast most important meal of da day!
If Sid Crosby had been in Zetterberg's place at the end of game 1, would Weber have gotten away w/ a fine? Of course not.
You probably won't see this but " I love you so much I would do anything to see u but sadly right now I can't" follow me plz :)
They're cummfy! And warm...
nigga u got a problem with me now for pushin aundra..u dont push a girl nigga that sum bitch ass move
what track?
Sleep is overrated anyways
Just finished changing yeehaw.
lmao! Yes on the way to avis before mobile
watching #AustinandAlly and lying on my bed.. chillin' #goodnight to all! haha
Follow the Milwaukee Zetas! !
One of those things where media criticism only compounds the problem. Staying quiet.
Walking around SF, was reminded about a certain something I don't see as much walking around NYC.
Poll Results for who will win a championship first, Lakers or Heat: LAKERS 61%, HEAT 38% OTHER 1% - What do u think of the results?
wasnt on yesterday but Happy Bday Ray Ray .! : )) hope u had fun .!
If once upon a time I wanted your attention & you didn't give it to me, now I most likely do not find you a bit intriguing.
Thanks you too. I love how the NIke app Cheers you on when people like your "I'm on a run!" post on Facebook. Super fun.
Diet tip: Kids love it, so give it a try. Peanut butter stuffed into celery is a fat buster. *Celeb bdays daily! Reply PARTY
iPad Renews Tablet Dominance as Kindle Fire Sales Drop Like a Rock
FTCH all hits on the ask, pretty solid news....
Tonight: Pancetta and chorizo sausage with shelling beans, mustard greens and rosemary. Yum.
Nuked my #mlanet12 calendar and rebuilding yet again. Factoring in time zones.
Does anyone else hate the Ricky Smiley show? -_-
that'd be great if you could make it to a Wed. workshop. We'd love to test out a Nasty Clamp on our live video production
“: It's like I want you to know, but I don't want to tell you. #ohteenquotes”
yup but it finishes at 1030. It's new on Monday's
It's so strange that I'm used to walking around a campus that I didn't attend. At #UH again.
Leandro uses every aspect of that glass lol
and is my new twitter. Follow me there.
I love your tweets haha I can always relate!
Happy Birthday to a big supporter of , Mr. himself! :) Show some love, peeps
Faired DUNK was OFF THE CHAIN #manimal!!!
We are living proof that humanity has a right to choose.
My feeling about Republicans is they probably spent yesterday complaining about how it's okay to celebrate MLK day, but not pray in school.
thanks for the info and for finding the bug! want a job? ;)
A nigga loves his sleep!!
Wednesday, almost the weekend! Maybe buying new rims? Hmm
good. Be sure to sit through the credits.
Word magicians! Instead of pulling bunnies out of hats, writers pull out great novels. Bunnies are much less work. :)
My generation's economic goals are: "fuck bitches get money."
i be pumpin pussy like gas nigga
just to be on the safe side
same here<3 I<3how he doesn't give a flying Shizz what haters say.I no it probably hurts him but he ignores it
When keepin it real goes wrong lol
supposably if someone is talking to the other twin about you bad or good your ears make a ring noise
haha good night man. :)
Happy Valentine's Day!! "All, everything that I understand, I understand only because I love." --Tolstoy.
I wish I had cool folks like you and to listen to my rants on a beach while drinking Margharitas :-)))
Feels like I'm falling in love alone.
Exciting happenings trending at HGI - #health; #wellness; #entertainment; #automotive; #nuclear energy.
my pleasure - you too! =)
Back to work after an inspiring library conf. Good results from last weeks work. Hope everyone has a gratitude moment today. Find yours
i always feel bad for the cameraperson “: why do people watch golf?”
I am only good at French words we have in English :(
I vote yes! #ReidBill is making me cross-eyed.
not really. Working on a condo project, need a few mason jars and maybe a couple of spring "brights" in apparel 4 me.
#AGBT We just had lunch with the fine people at Afternoon session of Genomic studies. Right now " Sequencing 1000s of Genomes"
aok i will say to she XD
9 hours until I'm 21!!!
quote from NARIP Music Supervisor Session on intensity of her job: a 2-min trailer might have up to 40-50 music elements
Morning Dave!! On that #successgrind (w/ coffee) RT : It's 7:30 am and is in full grind already!
u realize how stupid it looks when some1 who has never served uses military terms?
My grandma has past away this morning :( I just realized it is Friday the 13th! U will be in my thoughts always! I love you so much
So anyway. That's enough.
Before Palin was nom. for VP I said her backers don't understand the Heartbeat Test. (Hint: She didn't pass. Neither does #Rubio.)
If I take one that would even remotely pass as adorable I'll post it.
I think waiting is prudent. Are there rental markets up there? That might be a good short term solution.
In a briefing about global vaccines, Peg Willingham of tells us her brother-in-law died of chicken pox in February. Horrifying
yeah my sign lies to me a lot. ugh this zit is filled with puss and if i pop it, itll explode like like like a volcano!!
So sick, tired & fucking done with people. I'm moving on.
this SATURDAY AT 6:30 meet in front of Phillips for the official Wooden Teeth field trip hangout fun time event at
Johnny's Hideaway Sunday Night Live Butch & the Buckheads starts at 8:30 cover $5! Don't forget to see Tinsel for your free shooter
Thanks for sharing our content. Great to see SMBs getting benefits from different channels.
I either need to not care as much, or need friends who care more... My phone has been silent for 3 days, though my irl social life is better
ESPN's hiring of Brad Daugherty to gain more black NASCAR fans doesn't seem to be working.
Hat trick Carter!!!
still a light that shines on me shine until tomorrow Let it be love this song drinking coffee still ..bout to feed german sheps bb
Just saw/participated in the walking shadow theater companies new work, "saboteur". It was awesome! Go check it out for sure!
Already baby ;).
It's unique! BUT it sounds like a cat name! Lol!!
If you're networking in the same circles over and over again, then that's how far you will go. Think outside of your circumference.
oh it's fine :) i've been busy too!
Its my #Passion.....dat goes without even sayin!!!!
See you then my crazy little black man! :P
I wanna get pregnant from Justin lol
RT : heard i missed one of the best.....next time round homie
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US. #MahomiesAreFamily #BigFamily <3. 7
MUSCLE MILK!!!!
“: why do you never play it dick face!” I'll play it, you sing it !
San Diego prep star, controversial star Ricky Williams retiring from NFL.
Are you objecting against it being a goal though??
going to the mall to get a new phone :D
Europe's woes hit global demand for luxury homes
WE ARE TALKING ABOUT THIS NOW IN IRC! WHERE ARE YOU?
you had a great weekend, Sis!
The weekend has arrived which means it's time for #happyhour--$2 Peronis, $3 House Wines, $4 Frigos. Meet you at the bar!
I thought you were further north than that.
how much spam can they push through this thing? yikes!
mine are 8.30. And I am heavily involved. Hindsight being 20/20 I would have done it differently. Been tougher
>.< I KNOW RIGHT! RT white penis looks scary
Merry Christmas from Those Guys.
hope it's a great day!
our pick #FOGC is up 50% on 243m vol
I believe u smdh :-)
Sicklerville, I think? Horrible name for a place if you ask me. ;)
A great relationship is based on two main principles. First, appreciate your similarities and second, respect your differences
Ion smoke none but mojo now lol..
reminder to every one september 3rd free show in chicago: they are playing symphony for dolphin and duck!
About to dye my hair for the first time ever ...... AH!!!! Wish me luck
Gonna be in one bad fucking mood for the foreseeable future. Have fun on he links
I love that I was 's first tweet today. :))
Tonight's medium of choice: #lace. Any tips appreciated!
when will the nexus2 expansion link be ready? i need to buy those sounds
follow me luv. new page
It is beautiful out!
In the middle of a QA process. God knows I love QA!
Im doing me dia time around
yeah graduating this year (: my brother is a freshman at el rancho
Visit May-June and purchase an #Alpenrose milkshake and a percentage of the sales go to !
Doing the "Don't Break The Chain" project :D
I miss YOUR beautiful face baby!
aw #stonerkarmareps = no search results :(
Have to make a stop-by at Ballard to oversee some work with the boss no more than later -.-
Will it still be over if Newt's sugar daddy doesn't think so?
You look like josh franceschi... well fit darl ;)
Opening: None, Continuing: Oscar Shorts, The Artist, A Dangerous Method, The Descendants, Albert Nobbs
Marco Valenzuela is a computer graphics artist that has been with Poised Creation from the beginning! Thanks!
I wish I lived in the UK, so I could go to and get the 1D shake. :)
want to share an online community for parents of children with autism. Parent process groups online! www.nourishedfamilys.com
Opening day! Go Phils!
Structure and order promotes the flow of life.
lmao! Yupp! That's what it's known for . ! It's like walking into little Havana.
Complaining is good for you as long as you're not complaining to the person you're complaining about
I don't give her the time that she deserves from me...
Ok. I'm a bit slow to using this but finally figured out that Command+[ or ] moves fwrd/back in Finder screen Yea. #dzntip for #macosx!
wow sorry to hear that. I know that's sucks can't have no free time. What kind job u work for?
Michigan Wolverines ‘M Michigan ’ Toe Ring – Sterling Silver Jewelry
I just found out that I have an alter ego, and she is a Supa Bad Bad Bitch, I need a name for her....
Not gonna let this dumb drama get to me and ruin my Spring Break! Just gonna ignore it from now on :)
Off the Record in studio now! About to perform now on
O BLOCK !
JOBS Act and Instagram Deal to Stimulate Tech M&A?
#health2con At some point they will care - having a family, dealing with ailing parents/self in later stages of life...
get me your resume fool!
we'd be honored to have you and your talent here in the
These refs suck!!! UK should be up 25 at least!
People are amazingly social & are more influenced by their connection with other people. -
Thank you!
you're right its gonna have to happen eventually might as well get the practice now.
never gonna goat you up, never gonna goat you down..
Hopes everyone has had a lovely Earth Day!
Thx : Ctr for Urban Future found 20% of Pratt/Parsons/SVA grads started new businesses, far more than NYC’s top science orgs.
The Indians say theyre in their infancy stage with social media
Off to the Pabst to learn about Non-profit board involvement at #ypweek!
A: It's true that is skewed young, but there are more adjust professors & librarians than you'd get at most conferences
hey homie my bad I didn't see yo tweet friday ; ) how u been homie?
better be ready for the hurricane on Sunday. Owls will be everywhere you turn.
POTUS has done his job, provide the lead, now Progressives it's our turn, set NOV. 6 on your calendar, register and then VOTE!
now you can have your mobile payments AND eat your too!
it's AMAZING!!(: and welcome!!(; <3333
ohh stop :):) save your pennies and come visit mee then we can have marg's by the pool
I would gladly diss all those things with you, except for beer. I love beer. The rest are wholly overrated.
I never know how to respond to you...
I will buy you 5 paninis a semester if you manage my financial account
I need to make this my new mantra ;) RT: "Done is better than perfect."
Favorite car? Too many 2 list: Camaro ZL1, Military tribute, Transformer SS, Classics in the back, Toyota trucks, more ....
talking to Emilee always makes me feel better(:
Have a great weekend!! :-)
Conversations that break my heart: Mom, dazed and confused in hospital: "It's a beautiful day today. Did that make sense, what I just said?"
The above the influence commercials are gay. I guarantee no body watches those and says 'wow I'm never going to smoke or drink now'
okay bitch I work and check how long I been memeber stupid hoe!!!!
Um.... #ILoveCoffee :) Who wants to plan the next #HappyHour?
So chin up and we'll drown a little slower.
hey Yaron, thank you for following us, Uri Akler
THE NEW YEAR IS ALMOST HERE!!! 2010 HERE I COME!! NEW YEAR AND A NEW BEGINNING!!
Just 24 hours left
right back at ya ;)
Who saw me last night @ #miller park? I'm promoting the Green Week! I've got a "Prince" of an energy efficiency program for ya!
Na I ain't on no fat shit im just hungry
yes. On a mission to find you, actually!
Ah Monday. Way to remind me that I'm not qualified to be my own IT department. :(
Thanks for the update Microsoft, now my Xbox is all buggy.
If my tweet falls on twitter and nobody hears it, does it make a sound?
“Spanish developers built on land not properly zoned, sell; later, the regional govt would say, 'This is illegal. Bulldoze the homes now.’
In honor of MCA i will be cooking mash potatos, cooling them, and then promptly dipping my balls in them! # MCA # RIP
now what i look like if it aint money i dnt look right
I feel that!
When sick, it's seeing evil get its ass kicked, because anything else is too complicated while on antihistamines.
me too man!
you're going back to cv? :(
Can't tell if this ratings beef between and is real or in jest....
So, turns out my Wolof is better than I thought...
On Mother's Day,I'd like to celebrate our sitter,
Step up dt
Rolle contract signed and sealed with Eagles RT : Lets go.Thanks to Andy and Nate at Players Rep.Now I can get to work
Okay, seeing Carrie the musical tonight. You're gonna laugh at me, aren't you?
Natalies comment from made my day "Gosh, I just love reading your blog. You crack me up, and make me feel SO normal. Haha!"
mo but I would like too, thay sound interesting. Have you?
The first and largest internet station is CyberStationUSA.com. If you are interested forward me your email.
#eastafrica #foodcrisis to speak about global food systems and her new endeavor,the 30 project, this fall
Happy Easter to everyone whether that's your thing or not. Just be nice for once today. How's that?
Me: So yeah. My sister: Oh, sorry, I wasn't paying attention. I was too busy staring at my cookie. BEST EXCUSE EVER.
New True Blood panel videos coming soon.
The long & winding road...probably a few months...fair warning ;-)
we should all be as zen as Abbey!
Not sure if it makes up for them double booking my seat and sticking me in a middle seat
is getting pretty creative with their #mothpickuplines We like: I'd like to be in the middle of your beginning and end.
I like dressing up
I'm a real big fan of yours but I'm quite the joke to you.
#WorstRapLineEver You a stupid hoe, you a, you a stupid hoe
But here's my number, so call me maybe.
“: Pitt: "universities mentioned teaching almost last on their 'wish lists' for phd grads" #QPR2012 #phdchat”/I'm screwed...
God answered my prayer - told you.
Happy Friday new followers!
I always have a cold during istep.
look forward to working with u
I'm off to work on my solo show with
Oh it's official, because we say so.
Shot me out of the sky.
Sounds like an awesome day! Also, we have $10 off all wine tonight, as an added #winewednesday bonus.
It's so damn hot. Milk was a bad choice. But these short shorts and nipple tassels weren't. What?.
Not an artist? Be part of ArtWalk as a volunteer! Volunteer forms available at www.ghartwalk.com
If someones gonna talk about you and they are a loser then why the fuck would you let it phase you?
Fat white girl in a "hunger games" shirt spotted.
Apparently some people find other things more important than taking their turn in WWF? Is there something wrong with me? (rhetorical)
Coolest thing about tomorrow is This, My Vendetta @ The Clubhouse..
Muddy Waters playlist
I think Lee is confused and just wants to hang out wearing kilts.
Day two of the iPhone and I dropped it. This may be a long two years.
Wow. The new Hospital is incredible! Great addition to the Streeterville medical community.
Today is the monthly Stone Hill planning meeting for Necronomicon. Will report in later if there’s anything new and exciting.
Our special teams r special
Ive been stood up again havent i?
Guess what song: Baby i just dont get it? Do you enjoy being hurt? I know you smell the perfume. The makeup on his shirt.(:
Sad sign of the times for lots of us. Inventive cuisine is unfortunately going to suffer while chains & fast food survive
vegetable garden honorable mention goes to a lady that i see almost everyday on my way home from work by davenport! north newark reppin
SQUEEP! That was awesome :)
Chris Rock brings the funny!
Just like Tampa Bay Rays with Johnny Drama "Victory" and Phillies with the light up bell and fireworks. Nats ChiSox also do fireworks.
I'm totally gonna put some up on the blog soon!
4 hours away from our Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra live broadcast!!!
aw damnit! That sounds amazing! Like mind blasting! Oh wait thats Russel Peters joke.
Just found a box of cassingles at my moms house. Who remembers those?!
Lord help me Jesus, I'm bout to run my car right through K-mart!
RIP Maurice Sendak; we'll miss you! "Fuck them is what I say. I hate those ebooks. They cannot be the future!"
Practiced "Hugging Pendulum" tonight and the wraparound kick has killed my hip flexors.
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
you getting the 12's nigga ?
If you have a choice to do something and don't want to do it, then don't. And if you choose to, don't have an attitude about it.
Oh, good! You're going to love them. Let me know what you think.
"Damn girl those some nice toes"
Are you sick and tired of not know what you do not know about "The Business of Medicine"
yea I was. But if you saw the first quarter that wasn't me
Oh, this is my step ladder. My...my real ladder left when I was only 5.
-- Just terrible. Seau had a strong relationship w team, players, coaches and fans when he finished career in NE. Sad
My chihuahua pooping in the car this AM may be a sign of good luck - I got cast in a lead role for an indie film!
Maybe! Stay tuned :) cc
#scdebate, golden rule would not save the people that went to work with their pens in their pocket to make a living for their famil
we tried a new Italian place by CSUS
“We are continually faced with great opportunities which are brilliantly disguised as unsolvable problems.”-- Margaret Mead
Anybody following the NBA playoffs? Who's your Team? or is this not your event? Have a Great Day!
Breakfast for dinner tonight! Select from a few of our day-time favorites.
Cool...hope you are not having to fight for a seat!
what? You don't save stuff for me anymore???!!!!!
what the H does #donalddriver have to do to get a GD ten around this palce? #DWTS. give that man A TEN! and lets get married #donalddriver:)
My mother just paused our call so she can take a pic of her outfit...she too much for me
Looking forward to it! I'm so ready to get back out there.
Old school hip-hop >>>>> the real shitt:)
when judging hour comes,I always bring up something Harry did to make myself look good.
so many funny people on twitter tonight lol
Just got my new Evo 3D
Down with Comcast! Down with Comcast! Direct TV here I come unless my demands are met! Who wants their referral bonus $$ from Direct TV?
Who gets out of their car after they forgot that it's still in drive? does. -____-
where do you see Weeks in the batting lineup once the season starts? 25+ HR's seems a waste at leadoff.
MillionCorner: #Blackmark-it, a #Groupon like website, highlighting businesses in Chicago's black communities
Depends... : I was wondering.. If I got killed by car accident what would my friends feel like?
What if we judged ourselves by what we do in our free time?
You know it's a good day when you have a sing-a-long with your little sister on the phone!!
HUGE game from Withey tonight.
Great good luck with sales :)
It's amazing what our food has in it....or lacks, that we need. Have you seen the documentary on Codex Alimentarius?
Beer on the patio and BBQ, yes please!
Watching twilight zone with my mom.
hahahahha yeeeaaah we love each other with our fists hahah kidding
awesome day so far
Yayy about go eat some chicken walk-a-fella 's!
Don't let that get in the way of you enjoying ur Sunday.
haha we just got out of the pool a little earlier. #CrazyHair :)
Happy 16th Birthday!!!!!!
Oh, it could happen. I'm a book and a half behind, but I'll probably catch up between now and then. & watch the show.
I can't make up my mind what to do in the morning !
nah... You don't wanna ride, you wanna get rich & hide!!!
Wow, #HolographicTupac is kind of creepy yet super cool!...#MJFam! Time to request #HolographicMichaelJackson! YES!! Bring back REAL music!
AFRICAN AMERICAN BROTHRS .....pull your pants up and make christ your roll model not rappers. Take it from me.
Pussy niggas fold under pressure -- USUAL.
You paying compliments too late that's why I'm overdue! I'm twice the man you are I gotta in that's double U!
Holy shredded leg/shoulders batman, for a chick who makes swim workouts on the fly, I'm doing something right.
Wow congrats!!! I bet you love it! I definetly will, maybe taking a trip this summer :)
and not an "I will do it for you unless you don't do it for me" kind of attitude
I celebrated Cinco De Mayo today by eating a Mexican salad on the Promenade. Yay, culture! Happy CDM.
Dr. Phil? I guess he needs the ratings!
now it's not just the #COsunshine it's my boss tempting me too! 2PM
Good point! The Fisher-king, so to speak- obvious absurdities aside, not the worst kind of Fish here...
"just getting to the House"and bout to strt washing
Oh! That sounds like so much fun! Enjoy.
California first-time homebuyers - Call Mountain Trust Mortgage for details regarding the CalHFA FHA Home Loan program: (858) 376-1299
In Syracuse for the day - some training in one of your products
Yes, cuz I prefer to HELP my fellow man, not contribute to the downfall of Western Civilization, which I suspect u r involved in.
I know i'll never get my hair as curly and as beautiful as urs :) But what will make me happy would be a follow back :)
oh true tht you got dat rite there not going to lay a hand on them
If u really have a problem with me then atleast tell me? # annoying
Im sure he's talking about back-to-back national championships?
woke up listen to that nigga 2pac........
Do you mean sponsor or pusher? (fingers crossed for the latter)
Awesome! Happy election eve! A little Tears for Fears to get us through Election Night.
I ain't fuckin wit club boomerang no more pimp smh
They were toffee and chocolate chip. So good !
Post pics of your makeover!
OMG. I'm missing the Twilight premiere airing live on yahoo. I'm the worst person ever.
I will be joining on at 8:30am to chat Chili Brew 2 & #2012Polarplunge for
Word. RT : Stoked for SXSW. Love rock. Need warmth.
Shoutt out to the best looking and funniest guy on the planet !!! (: Hoping to get one back
yes, everybody i deal with could sign; also, it's apparently aimed at MBA students at school, not business people
still waiting for approval. We're doing cutting edge stuff w/ local data storage & it's slowed approval.
If anybody wants to hang later on me, I came out $12.50 ahead on my football betting this week. Just saying.
working on a student survival guide idea... let's see how this goes. yay
my liberal socialist heart is crumbling at the idea of working at J.P. Morgan but zoom into my empty wallet
sikkkee at least I know what the mcdonalds lady is saying
having a hard time watching the Lakers but came thru with pic of big bill Wennington
Did you totally love the ? We thought it was a stellar performance influenced by Whitney and the whole sitch
I can't believe they're back. Like my freaking body can't handle this.
anyway, Henwood basically said that his friend L. Proyect (a Castroist who hates Platypus) talked him out of it
My copy of Treasure Island was printed in 1950, and it was free when you bought a can of Folger's Coffee. Rock on.
thanks to auto tune
won't be able to lazy lois for a while.
I really need to stop biting my nails
great -- hope to see you next week! and thanks again for joining
i been using a backup phone the screen is broke tho. you must've text me?
Feelin lifes stress piling up. Only therapy that works is cranking up some #DISTURBED. Thanks & Your the best!
For the record, no one is to ever touch my batman sock, the came today
Let'em know 9th...they push play on this list and they will lose they mind
good luck!
Ok sickness you can go away now
Elektrolytes have a good shot at this thing. That was better than IaMmE, tbh... So amazing.
I remembered my password wa hoo I'm Twitting again!
: even BU's (enormous!) website is done entirely in WordPress.
Hey Brother, Im playing rumba in Berkeley till 6 on Sunday, when are you and Samba Rio going on? 4pm start... yea right! LOL
FOX 20 sold? Word has it that Bonten Media Group, owner of KRCR Channel 7, may be buying the Chico station.
could you follow me please
I miss you too :( Monday is almost here !!!!•
Thanks for the follow. We need more chief business officers and CIO's connecting on shared concerns.
any :p
Thank you! Yes, I will be at NEA in Providence next weekend. Hope to see you there! Fingers crossed for beautiful spring weather.
I wholeheartedly agree
was just thinkin about the big brothers commercial we shot w/ u at the GBHOF. lol poor kid was starstruck & u hyper
I was going with manly. But I see precious now. :)
are you kidding me? Shut up! :|
I wanna make you feel wanted. <33
girl u don't want it
What I've learned today. My final #mba ppr & preso need to be concise. Was told this during a meeting going into its 2nd hr.
Got an Our Lives In Motion drum cover almost uploaded now. Shit's gettin' real.
#retweet if you love playing a show every single night
ya 7alawaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa :D
#genomesolver #curenet breakout group on std assessment what exists and what do we need to build? how can we use curenet to get there ?
The booth is en route to #ASTD2012 #Denver. Looking forward to the high-energy event.
thanks for the retweet
<3 Don't waste your time giving someone a second chance, when there's someone better out there waiting for their first.
Nowak: The initial offer came out of the blue, we were not shopping Danny. Offer came after the Shalke game.
I know that success is a lot more than a great concept. It's timing too.
no just him. he was selfish, so thats why Dage was pissed about it.
Can Berkeley use your tweet in a promotion video we are producing?
Sounds great! Thx for thinking about my prep time for RCF. : )
In a world that's down & out
Totally. Famous.
you get your butt down here now! :)
LAST CHANCE to get the BUY ONE GET ONE FREE DEAL on your Kentucky Headhunters Tickets! That's 2 TICKETS FOR ONLY...
Due to the usual crap performance by the Washington Wizards and the emergence of Jeremy Lin, I'm officially a Knicks fan. #Linsanity indeed.
You Wanna Be With Someone Who Treats Youu With The Respect Youu Deserve!
I'm 36 years old and my 18 year old daughter called me old when did being in your mid 30s make u old wtf smh damm kids!
I am so out of shape. I need to start running more.lol
don't we have to?
nothing comes to a dreamer but "SLEEP"
We're hiring a part-time writer to assist with blogging and social media management - anyone? *Must be in the DC-VA-MD area.
What up homie!
I'm so fcking tired!, and my mom wont let me sleep. :(.
It doesn’t work to leap a twenty-foot chasm in two ten-foot jumps
Looking forward!
": oh hell. Was it ;*? Or ;F? Or just :)? Details! Did he use a condom???DETAILS" Haha this bitch...;)
just know that it's weird lol
After seeing #Barnard prez's giddy, fawning intro of Obama, feeling good about my daughter declining her acceptance there.
Stupid Jackyl-with-a-Y, now I can't spell the real word.
We have some exciting news to share... have to wait a little bit longer and it's killing us!
Speaking of Lincoln's birthday, how did you celebrate yesterday, the 203rd anniversary of his birth in Kentucky? -ZK
Its super nice out. What do do :3
I really like the new
Would you be interested in working with the social media department on upcoming video projects?
high Adam LeeAndEddie
RT “: The creation of a more peaceful and happier society has to begin from the level of the individual.” | Practice kindness.
of course :)
My favorite song has stayed the same going on three & a half years now,
Ugh ran out of toilet paper!!
My day today :D >
Hey there Shea! Thanks for the RT, hope all is well with you.
Today we participate in the guided tours at research and results trade show
Thanks Buddy! Have a Wonderful Friday :)
I have one! DM me your FT.
Congrats to Skip indeed! Thanks for all the work you do.
WHY what happened
Just tapped Ace Berry Cider.
May 1st already. Another month in the books. The year is flying by so fast. It will be October before we know it.
The last easter egg from the Avengers was THE BEST.
Meeting with Monika from Efficient Organizing for and cuz it's #moving and #organizing season in
RT So true...": 'Assessment should be driven by a need to know, not a need to do' #aacu12" --->Agreed!
I proud of u... Stay focused and good will come.. Believe me!!
#Fringe makes the week worth it. I need to think about something besides the Old South.
also are good to vibe on.
yep, back now!
It hurts a little when the editor send your chapter draft back 1000 words shorter. I guess I need to think more twitter & less War & Peace.
Happy kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur. Cute kitty, sleepy kitty, pur pur pur.
Sweet! Thank you very very much!
lol I didnt know you were referencing the song!!!
Hi everyone so what are you using for transportation? Jet ski, canoe, John boat??? Is it raining for tomorrow? www.hairinthecity.me
I'm still a bit confused, is the Flash faster than Superman or is Superman faster?
Happy Trustworthy Tuesday! This week, we thank for their commitment to ethics & integrity! They were accredited in 1993.
Practically all my tweets are subtweets. Oh whale. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B3>
Ah look who's on Twitter. . !! I'm not running her account or anything... definitely not.
Snuggling with the gf :-)
Believe believe believe!! Cant wait :)
What happens if you get scared half to death, twice?
Just ACED my ECON midterm!!!!
RT : Just finished the photoshoot for our Fall 1 look for the web.. you're gonna love it! Sneak peek to be posted soon xoxo
What stays the same? Gary finishing the book. He will become more active in getting his information out to the public about "The Real Cost …
#somebodytellmewhy , OR better yet HOW , you can leave a milk carton in the fridge knowing damn well aint no milk left!
#NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead is trending?
you're very welcome! looking forward to it.
In the grand scheme of things this is much more important than #midterms. Show #kony2012 your support.
I don't care how many times I've seen that movie, I view it like I have never seen it before. Love it!
... NO SADDLY SOME PEOPLE STILL CALL IT PLAYING HOUSE... EVEN MOST HUSBANDS TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THIER WIVES...SAYING SO
Omg really? It's official, I'm going to start recording my life and sell it to MTV. Might as well make some money from the s* I get into LOL
Jon Jones is nice
yur willing to see me naked ? Lmao
Watching the original Halloween with val!
This just in...according to the White House Bulletin: New Home Sales Up 5.7% In September.
you miss us?
Soccer: Dempsey bides his time on new Fulham deal Fulham's leading goalscorer Clint Dempsey will wait until the end of the season before
Pancakes are just a vehicle for delicious sweets at breakfast.
hologram tupac has helped me to filter out friends via their hatsune miku references
Reality bites for the unprepared. Shorting and hedging your beta is ok.
Well that's bs..
looking for a fun place to take my teenage brother for dinner in chicago tonight. any ideas?
Big congrats to and for getting 3 stars!
Thanks guys! It went well and I didn't even have to suck back snot onstage!!
interesting article on tablets replacing txtbks! R u headed to #BbW12? Hope we can meet in person!
In the 27 hours since I finished grad school, I've been tipsy twice. LIVIN' THE DREAM!
on the other hand, is it possible that the existing vision isn't visible for any reason? Maybe abundance hides?
The pictures that Mama took of Austin, were priceless. <3
I am on the no call list but I get tons of political calls. Assholes - stop calling me!!!
hey!!!! Sorry I'm not on this all the time. I'm in la til tues ;) how r u? Love ur pic
My five year old daughter just told me the Grateful Dead was cool.
A Knight's Tale <333 HEATH LEDGER IS GOD.
Exactly - especially FB, Flickr...I feel more compelled to buy when I'm online & see whats in my friends photo's than in the mall!
why not? I haven't even started yet... Still early
Fork me while I'm searing hot so my juices can escape.
Cool - did they also call for an end to shooting rockets at Civilians in Israel? oh thats right - one-sided...
that's what's up you blown that medicinal out there? Ec straight just a lot of crazy shit goin on tho
Singing Old McDonald Had A Farm in a waiting room
we know, wish jake would have given gia the rose. could make things bumpy rt Jake and Gia of course !!!!
she was on 106 and park
First bin Laden, now Qaddafi. One heat-seeking missile while Boehner's at the tanning salon & problem solved.
that's correct, it'd the don't ask don't tell policy haha
I'm not a real nigga
- I just discovered Kickstarter the other day. I too would love to get "real people" feedback.
Meanwhile, you must be freaking out.
Hey we met you in Atlanta after your Salute to greatness award my wife and I performed for the afterparty.
You around to grab a beer tonight?!
Rooney Mara: The Girl With the Daring Red Carpet Style Cutouts have been huge this season, but we guess Rooney Mara already knew that! At
call me i am available
we usually bake our bacon in the oven, so it is somewhat less messy & smelly!
this is my part of me
Get some water! LOTS of it. :)
I have never finished the #WoT series. I should be ashamed of myself.
Week 1 fantasy team bust. I had the points on the bench!!
your style's fly n cute, Girl you lookin so good you get The Mile High Salute!!!
Thoose teachers that confuse you more when they try to explain something >>>>>
yep//“: Mike Gundy: "I think people need to decide whether they want to see a 9-6 game or a 39-36 game."”
Most people with good taste are young & poor.
Long hard day at work tonight, spend some quality time with my favorite guy
attack attack was so much better with austin...
Waiting as long as I can so the caff kicks in during night shift!
Probably not. The wife is off and I am poor!
...but the test pressing is not on swirl vinyl.
your toe is feeling lonely.......
Learn to appreciate what you HAVE...Before time forces you to appreciate what you HAD.
Beyonce graced the red carpet at last night 's Met Gala. In her only interview of the night, the newly-deemed most beaut
Goals for 2012: 1 Have fun with capitalization. 2 Send email to Obama administration in re: Dangerous Grout Mold.
ah makes sense. Hungarian is pretty difficult to make out. It's closest relative is Finnish I think
I'm thinking bots and stuff...I don't know
"we" in the generic sense. You're the rocket fuel, obviously.
Kucinich and Kaptur is like constipation and a shit.
So, I started watching Lost again... Never finished season two.
we go to Downtown location a lot because it is close. However, like the look and bar of Washington location.
Thanks for the RTs this morning!
Steve's been copying me for years. The iPod? My idea.
Awesome song! rocks! RT : LET IT GO by RT What song are you #NowPlaying?
Woo!!! my pizza is still not here! >:(
Silverbullet Dog Day Afternoon
Back from rochester
did u dye ur hair?
It appears the storm is finally here. I-70 just closed at Copper Mt up and over Vail Pass with multiple accidents.
psyched for you!
Thanks as always for listening :) We'll try to rave Atlanta up while we're there, I'll keep you posted!
She my dancer, when she dance I throw her dollas
I'm not talking 1st bell. That's when shit always happens
Yum! 4 shots of espresso is minimum for a functional a.m. @ my house, but not everyone's from Seattle & has caffeinated blood:)
Mid-term finished!
Followed! follow back please?:)
Hi Kurt! Did u attend Penn State in early 1980s?? I have a bet on this with my hubbie.
arw. He's such a cutie:)
Heading downtown? See Stephanie Marks, Holocaust survivor, share her story at the Main Library at 2pm. More info? 513-487-3055
Starting each Monday throughout the holidays, join us on #PrimeHolidays for trivia, contests and more!
Five on it Friday. Rawrr! Is tearing it up with
Thank you! I'll fix it right now.
The #WaronWomen is on ALL women, not just moms. Also: prostitutes, CEOs, athletes, students, inmates, etc. You can be different AND unified.
Eating at the delicious Blue Iguana in Salt Lake City. University press convention starts today!
Polyana n he said my gift sucks but forgive him it's not the movie it's the location Reseda 2 Red Line Arclight hum is MyStudio Open?
#OccupySeattle is making a lot of noise right now. Guest speaker seems to be getting the 99% all riled up chanting "We are the 99%".
Do not suppress it - that would hurt you inside. Do not express it - this would not only hurt you inside, it would cause ripples in your sur
I see, aano h'ya didto?
Santana dotson sighting.....who's next Sean Jones?
Man, THAT's a dawg!
omg my friend Alex is making me cry. she's leaving the shelter. she said thanks for being such a good partner :(
Thanks for connecting! Your tweets are interesting!
George Savile, Complete Works, 1912I cannot afford to waste my time making money
#StupidStereotypes Mexicans are lazy
We hope to see everyone tonight at meetings in Cavanaugh 003 @ 4:30pm....SEE YA THERE..
Blackman is seeking doc rev attys proficient in Korean for a Chicago project starting next week. Message me for an interview!
you should hate the ab workout's abs, not face
Tampa Bay leads Cleveland 14-7 with 5:23 left in the first.
If you liked the music in the movie The Fifth Element you will like my current project Coloratura. The Album release is April 26th.
I've hardly been on today i feel so out of place
Tell all your friends to add me so I can share the good news with them .
I totally agree!
This rainy weather makes me just want to sleep al the day. Who's with me!
Ugh you piss me off.
Drinkin Tips: If you drink enough, any pants can be pajama pants.
been a busy trek lately..week of springtraining #mlb, weekend+ hoops in NewOrleans #ncaa, gazing green in Augusta
When I'm intoxicated, I may not get all the spelling correct, but most of the time my grammar and punctuation is spot on.
thank you. We appreciate it
I'm hungry.-_- bad thing is I have no food or money on me.
the bomb dot com
I MISS YOU RIGHT BACK!!!!!
Sometimes, we dream of a land made entirely of pizza. Firm crust, luscious cheeses, and the freshest ingredients as far as the eye can see.
to marry julie you have to get in line jk hahah ;)
That is good to know... I was told to drop a leaf in a cup of tea, to sweeten it, but that is the only way I know to use it.
"Dreams don't chase themselves." contestant on The Voice
I like the didn't parade around after scoring his goal, celebrated with class, and then ran back to his side like he's done it b4.
break a leg! #GetIt!!!
some? I only see one.
Hey I live in Chicago, Where r u hanging out today!?!
Happy 420 Everybody!
Clue # 2: You'll find him sitting at the bar w/ the tix enjoying a WBC beer... perhaps in a cowboy hat? Stay tuned to find out where!
I love youu c:
Good video about social; curious why retweeted?
Hiding your emotions is the worst thing you can do. Expressing them to the right person at the right time might change everything.
taking the day off from rollercoasters to lounge poolside and watch basketball. tomorrow, we visit hogwarts.
So very dope! I was reminiscing bout red rocks 97 after the show when you asked me if I had a light,then we all got very baked :)
tera gold too Avenue and account for Guangzhou-Shenzhen ...
anybody wanna 2000 s/o tweet
I just can't imagine being me without you.
These Twizzlers are perfect right now! Thanks ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
do you mean that Mad Dogs defeat the Outlaws?
don't forget to talk about how you are greening your #event to your attendees! let them know why it's important & your efforts
prove it lol ;)
ugh maybe she'll give us an extra day like the last time lol
really syd I am going to get u
THANK YOU for your continued support of and the crucial efforts to stop the evil acts of Joseph Kony.
How is visualizing Oz?
nice to have a new friend. :) hope you'll check out my vids!
OH: "Nobody wants a salad when they're drunk."
I think Sparks is in for future development.... Yes?
I did too!! Yep, gotta love them. x
Nipple suck=ten points hahahaha!!!!
Have you ever been afraid to hope because you did not want to be disappointed, again? Maybe six is the charm...
Tasty foods, bourbon, cola, #fruitninja , and . Close enough for me.
random but I met your twin on set the other day! You're prettier, of course, but she looked so much like you!!
This film hurts.
I HAVE A SHOW AT 12PM
US dials 911, Australia dials 000. What do other parts of the #world do to make #emergency calls? Doing some book research if anyone knows!
“: If Jordan and Dominique can compete why can't today's top stars compete?” NBA stars are too pre-madonna.
I ran 7 miles today... 7 MILES!!!
I'm done for
LMAO I'd have to give u directs to my face.
NYCers, this time it's for real, ok? Reading at Pete's Candy, 7pm.
Did everyone get the McDonald's promo tweet? WTF?
well princess is cuddling with me right now so she's not dead either.
I need to take my ass to sleep...guess Ill roll up
WEDNESDAY'S $HAKE UR NALGA$ CONTE$T CABARET Dj MANAGE & HOST PIG N DA MIX! 2FOR1 ANYTHING INCLUDING BUCKETS+$100 VIP BTL'S NO C ...
Stay on your grind I see you
Tweet me if you want me to post the link to the video from that picture in my last tweet.
Investigating that missing hour. As usual, we don't have any clue. If anybody has info, let us know, so we can take credit for finding it.
thanks! keep me posted on your resuts!
Man lesbians love pickles
lol! you are going to shit your pants when he signs!
Yea Bulls!
It Dont Matter Who You Are It Is So Simple A Feeling But Its Everything
Do all americans go to church or something on sundays..us brits just tend to munch on yorkshire puddings.
Rampant bongo players on the mall tonight. , please give them that park back, THIS is a disturbance!
Press Release
I just saw that you shot with Jenn Hoffman! I shot with her last weekend, and she is SICK'NING! You betta werk!
Fact: Chicken was created to have beer cans jammed in it rubbed with oil and spices then placed on Weber grills.
Work was funny AF
Insulting really hurts me. It's like your pouring salt on my cuts. :'(
will be keynote speaker at 's event "Creating Picture Books" on May 12th- if you're in the area, stop by!
Georgia women&#39;s tennis earns at-large bid, set to host NCAA ...
I'm tryna sleep, rayle' want 2 talk, she keep taking her pamper off & she moving all around n my bed, she bout 2 go n her play pin,
People connect with people, but the company brand brings in the people (both employees and customers)
Welcome to twitter! Thx for follow! Miss you.
LOL! Telling u -she was ready to get in the car (I'd say w/us), but it was cuz of him ha! :p RT got to watch those mickey d women!
I can think of a "real" reason for this and a "trolling" reason, and after consideration I like the trolling reason better
RT : customer received inquiry about home he posted and syndicated on within 6hr in CA. Fantastic Real Estate marketing
ah. I always thought it loosely translated to "holy shit"
i dont understand?
no u will lock yourself in a dark room and turn up a drake song really loud so nobody can hear u crying
Alright, I suppose I will take the words of advice I got from and go to bed. Goodnight, all! Sweet dreams.
Finna go to sleep, bye foreal •
just ranting about ranting..just stupid things ahhaah its not even really a rant.. hence the
damn.... make that a NEW laptop
O Yeaa I say 15 to 20 point win for us tonight
ya I better get going, we are doing fireworks ttyl k
FOLLOW ON TWITTER PLEASE. <3
anytime haha, just let me know! Come drive in for one
No joke, I know basically exactly where you are. I take that road going home to Buffalo most times.
oh.. then... did i tell u im seein him this saturday??
I disagree, Mrs Palumbo. Western KY is very European. Henderson almost has a Venice feel. Almost.
What up TPW noise performance on POLK and SUtter 730 SHarp
virgin is the only way to go.
“: the voice and X Factor will put it to rest soon #RIPIdol” well said!
Just got out of work. Spinning tonight at a sweet 16. Happy saturday people!
It's on! The wait is over!!! #Wrestlemania28 Rock vs Cena
Same here. Ice cream is my downfall.
starting to work out again today....
Did anyone else just see camera bombing ?
Ima watch my landlord's TV, play with their dogs, and use their Internet. While they are in the hospital having A BABY!!!!
“: This week need to go by quick. Ready for spring break with my bros ”
Almost everyday.
At the ING Marthon Health and Fitness Expo
I'm always sleepy when it's time to go to work.
I'm Gonna Go Play Basketball
Today was a GRAND day (:
Good Morning twitter followers! Beautiful day in sunny South Florida
Watching last nights episode of ABDC again!!
If I make a pro/con list of potential careers, is it appropriate to list how handsome I would be as a police officer?
Just took Emily to see Christmas Carol. Her arms were latched on to me the whole time.
Sorry I missed you. Yeah, we're open. We love donations of a couple bucks if you're going to eat (or bring beer).
That's when you're a real bike commuter... :) Went well, I hope?
William Vollmann's Imperial, at 1300 pages and $55 price tag, is excessive.
Got distracted watching tv. :P trying to get rid of me though? Haha
so i have a couple suggestions for the routine that will increase difficulty!
My son is so good with all this social networking stuff, Im the phone talking type
What shall I wear 2 night um
hey man not like theres 159 more games left to go
She was just talking about you and the site, is fantastic at webpage design. ^jl
I'm embarrassed he didn't make the Super Bowl.
also it's crazy but tha more I focus on my own shyt tha less I think and worry bout females and the happier I am
felling good right now ! :)
OMG! im freaking out im about to cry :) THANKYOU SO MUCH!!!!!!!!!!!! <3
You never hear anything about dulcet shades or like, dulcet timbres. Does this smell dulcet to you? Dulcet.
Merlin Media is annexing WLFM-LP/Chicago via LMA, which means the company will control 87.7 FM. RAMP FTW!
#snow shovel workout
Text Columbus Blue Jacket (CBJ) to 501501, donate $5.00 -2 Hockey for Huggies Program & help local COLUMBUS babies in need! huggies.nhl.com
snaggel fish eat butter when the hear the sounds of lions roar. Here there and everywhere.
Congrats on Rookie of the race last night!!!
Who is attending #CES #DigitalHealth? Tweet back if you are, we would love to connect!
Panama here I come but first a stop in Marion
"As Ray watched Mirabelle walk away he feels a loss. Only then did he realize how wanting part of her & not all of her had hurt them both."
YES! YES! YES! ... I still would love to see him in a cape, mask and arm armor in the next match. Haha
Subconsciously whisper thanks to people now like the snake in HP and the sorcerers stone.
me too! I just listened to Winehouse and saw "Girl interupted" crazy! What dates are you here?
“The whole world steps aside for the man who knows where he is going. ” - Unknown
Lol is on the next Punk'd. This should be interesting. (x
Looking for a spider to bite me so I can get super powers.
I knew it was BS the moment I saw Jessie & Al going after 3 week old story. A real injustice would have blown up long before.
Monday night magic?
Have you heard of the 93-7 Senate passed law that allows indefinite incarceration of anyone suspected of terrorism? Constitutional?
I made a Keek and followed and subscribed to you! Hopefully I get the iPod :)
Friday night X2 Yoga is money. Just did crane pose like a boss. Pretty sure swooned a little bit.
lol to late
The sunny shine on this city,today :'D
Oh joy..We get to listen to Siragusa
wat up taylor gang.
All I know is that , gets Shellac'd to prevent biting her nails!
10 followers away from 200! #spreadtheword We're almost to our goal, a month early!!!
message me on fb when you get a chance (:
Paid tribute to MCA with an impromptu dance party in my living room. Awesome. RIP.
This ain't no fashion show, muthafucker we live it
Good question. What about google? RT : "perpetual beta" - is that a good thing, ?
newly single. ready to get dowwwwnn
iight. be there.
What the shit?!
"you have to learn the game in order to win" ...
Many things! I am a strong believer of Reuse, Recycle, & Reduce. If I can make something new from something old I do.
there's nothing like southern hospitality...with no teeth...at Mc Donald's
Remember: if you have me on speed dial, you can get me on the phone before the lawman gets to your window! 713-222-7577. Put it in your cell
ha! I'm going tonight.
more like baby white ivy!
phils is and will doesn't as far as I know
Going too sleep fskw =/
maybe it will and maybe it wont...time will tell
like an old school atlanta hawk
good perspective. Thanks.
Love your work. Keep on "Art'n" on. -
you look like you rebeled lol?:)
Wow Taco bell doenst sell cherry cream fruistas anymore :/ im so sad
Dear Call Center Outsourcers: Just because the labor is cheap, doesn't mean the customer's experience should be treated as less valuable.
LOF resident Jennifer Berk is presenting new works tonight at LOF/g from 6:00-8:00 pm. Please come and show your support!
if so, I'm sure that their likely opponent will be offering a response…in theory, that is.
Live without pretending, love without depending, listen without defending, speak without offending.
you can't trust anyone nowadays
Drip drip drip as I kiss both sets of lips!
I believe all Americans should watch American History X
RT : still plenty of time left
Thanks for the follow, Emily! Check out my facebook music page if you have time! Hope you like it <3
lol no complaints here I like shoes *opens new tab and looks for new shoes*
I wish I were kidding...but today I saw a woman in a McQueen dress...on rollerblades.
YOU'VE GOT A FAST CAR, I WANT A TICKET TO ANYWHERE
off to the aunts house for the weekend then superbowl party(: GO GIANTS!!!(: <3
hahah no worries girl :)
Thank you! I'm in a very good mood. :)
LOL What You Said!
An old wrastlin' thing. At least that is what I've been told...
Hate I missed it WESTSIDE!! Happy BDAy Love u!!!
it was great seeing landaw ... result sucked ass.
yo universe, womanhood called, it wants it's conflicting messages and mixed signals back.
1 yr ago: getting phone #, meeting people, nervous. Now: dealing w broken systems, HTML/CSS, 147502 things at once, stressed, happy. :)
(The prisoners were eventually freed in exchange for medical supplies.)
Worthington is talking about how the Molasky name became a brand name through their community presence and a sterling reputation
It is never too late to have a happy childhood. ~Tom Robbins
11-hour drive. Hit the ground running-literally. Old man jogging does a 180-"Can I run w/u" he asks? (Meep meep! dust====> he couldn't)
I'm pretty sure only 60% of salads that say they're chopped are actually chopped.
thank you DJ Mr Vince for playing my song on WPKF -96.1 FM full throttle radio station.
Feeling better:)good sign
I'm here in CA, wish I'm at London. But I will go there soon in June, but just for 1 day though.
Two new verified followers! Thank you and your the best!
I already knew u were trippin!!
Welcome new #Museum followers: ,
We aim to please!
I just want sleep
Jodi! Referring to my iPad? Or am I being ego-stalky? :)
mias gonna come live with me
failed his driving test
web team: working on text content for the new JG web site.
fuck wit me!
My life revovles around the real world.
I wish I could share this Saturday night with someone worth spending time with.
As far as tats go, that its one of my all -time favorites! Its looks awesome!
My hair is partially blonde lol ... What have I done..!!!
& not to be forgotten: MT: Headed to Sacramento to pay homage to Jeremy Henwood & all officers killed in line of duty last year.
i'm so open when i'm drunk like it's insane
same here. F4 still in tact
#atjblc Be upfront with students about your views then make sure they know they are encouraged to speak freely including disagreeing
New diamonds! RT : Where are YOU watching the game today?? Tell me where I should go...
What my nigga doing??
Did you know that March 14 is Pi Day? Check out Ford’s cool way of leveraging their marketing and community outreach today....
You don't dig Instagram? Or FB? Or the combo? Or you just hate my tweets?
#MyBiggestFearIs clowns. Even Ronald McDonald. Ever since I was little, I can't see a clown without getting scared!
"I'm so glad You're in my life.. I'm so glad You came to save me..."
Our Readers — and Steve Ballmer — Think Windows Phone 7 Will Succeed
FUCKING shit I'm going to punch a small child in the face. I broke my sun glasses.
Empowering others to be self reliant does not mean you're abandoning them. It means teaching them to fish instead of giving them fish.
Such a nice project! Very excited to be part of it!
Where you playing now ??
": Make integrity a habit." // love this!
Also nice to see Manning Marable, who died just as his great work on Malcolm X was published, also get a nod.
The heart of a champion
Well....I have FINALLY made it on Twitter!! I guess my Capricorn stubbornness wore off. :)
The Boy has mastered jumping. Next: walking on water.
Ugh I swear people irritate the hell out of me!
Very. Cody Simpson's disappointing his angels!!! #watupwitdat :/
Sounds of silence? Isn't silence a sound?
Shopping at Buy Buy Baby for a friend's shower. These places always creep me out.
seriously, it will never be the same :'(
Anyone know what channel the Thunder -Mavericks game comes on?
I love my crazy ass family. Though I will never turn 21 I don't think I'll survive what they have planned for me.
- On the other hand... great movie weather, right? cc
RT : Do they still put toys in cereal boxes?
You know what's better than getting off work on Friday? Our Happy Hour starts at 3 so you have a good reason to get off early!
Welcome to Wisconsin, the good side of Lake Michigan!
Whether or not you think you can or you cant. Either way, you are right!
"If u don't take a picture with me I'm jumping off the balcony!"
thank you for being such a great guest! for next interview, can we talk Naked Roommate?
Trending topics been weak af lately..
woke up with a one part from a lost Maddox Bros and Rose song looping in my head. I reckon they rose from the dead and wrote it in my dream
she is a romance writer too & if you don't know her already, you should. She is a romance writer too & tons Of fun.
are you going to be attending OAH/NCPH?
the Earth's Children Books get really bad, really fast. Book 1 is the best. After that...oh god, the last book...terrible.
Thank you!! I got it in the mail today!!
saw #TheDescendants Tuesday night-Definitely deserves Oscar nods-amazing ensemble work by all esp. Matthew Lillard! Come see Matt in HARBOR
Following you b/c Beth Harris Hess told me to follow you ;-) On a serious note, love to speak w/ you about your radio show.
All Of A Sudden Bitches Wanna Be The Little Mermaid. Calm Your Ass Down
Looking for volunteers for the autism walk in May
The debate tournament is happening two floors below my office!
What you keep for yourself, you lose. What you give away, you keep forever.
Go #Blue! After this win perhaps Hoke can replace Coach Caldwell for the
I <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B> when you text first. At least then I know that you was thinkin
sent Twitter a personal message about you two. Hopefully they read it and SUSPEND you both for fucking me over.
#TAM see you in 90 minutes! :-D
Greenscreen for the win!!! #ona10 if you're here you'll get it.
RT : congrats to 2012 Best Chef NYC award nominees and
Photos: Janet Jackson – Oprah &amp; Stedman – Martin Lawrence &amp; Don B. Welch
I will say this only because we're in the same situation. But good luck to your boys tonight.
#BOYFRIEND ON
Great time for the to get only their 4th win in Orlando ever! Playoffs start NOW!
My daddy keep talking about buying me a car..... Stop talking and do it!
I'll b there. Also going to Lean Startup organizers event next morning. Ping me if u get in, or let's meet 4 a drink.
I'm anti-Boston, can't believe they just made that call. He's been moving on every screen the last 3 minutes. You can't call it now.
Hella cool people thanks for stoping by the store
Just checking. People who don't are nasty.
Today has started out AWESOME.
Love it. That just reminds me of going down waterslides for the first time - best feeling ever!
wtf who said i was bulletproof, dont point that fucking gun at me
MITT ROMNEY serves only the purpose of the removal of PRESIDENT OBAMA. Huntsman criticized MITT ROMNEY for his "wrong-headed" approach.
you need to pop off. Seriously.
wow, im sorry buddy, but some of your tweets sound slightly gay. and i say that with as much love as i possibly can. <3
That's quite a catchy Like page on facebook. Who doesn't like fire giants?
There we go, Ratko Mladic is arrested.
Glad you went! How weird was it?
well aware
Looking forward to the beginning of baseball season
goodnight kids :)
Today was the day I decided never to do a triathalon. I'll find other ways to show off on facebook. Out.
True, but my beef is with Lakers ownership organization trading Fisher, Lamar Odom & threatening to trade Pau Gasol.
Tune in now to hear Michael on the show on ! Michael is discussing fees faced by businesses opening a new location.
Hahahaha I don't got any abs
Another reason NOT to go to Regal. Their matinee prices now end at 4pm.
you must have gone to a good school where the property taxes were high...
I won't say i'm sorry, cause i meant it from the start...Fantastic song man...hope to see you soon with .
thnx to all who came to jenga & juice last night, we had a great turnout and were so glad to see your faces. see ya next month!
RT I've got Mayweather up by 3 rounds going into last one, just too fast and accurate for Cotto
And another thing! Damn it, Del Rio! You better have a title match at #OverTheLimit or so help me God.
duh everybody loves me
You can't deny, you blow my mind.
College wholly altered my life. It transformed what I believe and what I feel about everything. I majored in philosophy.
They better have those in Mexico. Mermaids are neat.
Happy Mothers Day Mama Schmidt! Have a wonderful day!
Your welcome Jess :) I'll see you later and I hope your day continues to be a good one! Xoxo
I better see everyone at Carol of the Lights on Saturday, December 3rd at 7PM! Gonna be legit [and cold]!!!! Merry Christmas!!!
Take it easy on the processing. You don't want to blow a circuit. Just saying. I've got to crash.
Mark your Calendars! The Not-So-Extreme Couponing Class is coming May 22, 3-5pm in Sacramento! Watch for more details!
Benefit Saturday 9/17 Rome City American Legion #381 11am food, fun facebook.com/scottherendeenbenefit
thanks for following.
Love you back!
Interesting question RT Who are you Yankee fans cheering for in this series, Angels or Red Sox?
#iloveitwhen you cash me out
Closing Time will be tailgating at the University of Michigan for the football game!! Come find us and we will give you a free sample ;)
Hoes lets just talk about hoes..can we talk about hoeeeeeess these hoeeeeeesss!
Back to 2,000 followers! Wooohoooo! RT this if you follow me and you want me to follow me back! :))
I think he meant they were part of 99% working class, not part of movement.
I'm wearing a shirt right now :p #bieliebers <3
Thanks to everyone who sent in stuff for Pat's birthday Video! It really was a great video! Love all you guys! <33
The you've got to head to Pylos, Jackie! Or be my guest at our new place, Boukiés, in 2 weeks?
RT if you LOVE
Thank You! Always wanted to try this. Just signed up. Cheers -bg
You should restock the NY/LA tank :)
no excuses all truth
Tonight at - Taco Tuesday! Come try the amazing street tacos for just a $1! Also, $2 kobe beef sliders! Happy Hour 4-7 AND 9-Close!
Way too late to be editing to Metallica.
wow Blake does'nt got Mamba Blood in him SMH
k I'm down! Whenever just let me know
Cold out? It's warm Family Art Workshop. 12/18, 1-2:30pm. Fun 4 all ages. Supplies provided. Cost of admission, FREE 4 members.
High heels cause cancer? That was a weak and ridiculous segment.
Dance tonight #yay <U+E429><U+E429>
welcome aboard to my new follower
lucky! Yeah I'm at school! It's 10:33 am here
Lalalalala. Going to bed!!
This blows.
D-Lowe with a terrific professional start when he clearly didn't have his best stuff. Now get him some runs!
As says, just as #JustinTimberlake once brought sexy back, #CaptainSanogo is bringing #democracy back to
If it helps I always thought of you more as the Twitter version of Norman Bates for the way you talk about your Grandma.
HAHA This girl name pagie owen is a atomic bomb
You go, John!
So tired going to bed probably
What is you favorite place to eat? In texas
Unconditional love : being able to love someone during the goos. Bad And ugly days. Has this for mw
how much did that cost you?
I hear you hurt ur knee, u ok?
Yay! for Kris Humphreys. Congrats on marrying Kim Kardashian. Your life long dream of becoming famous is finally happening. Mr Kardashian
Dear Math, I'm so tired of finding your 'x', just accept the fact that she's gone and move the hell on Dude!
I sure does :D my Twitter account is a result of a very bored me lol. How's everything??
Would they draft Cousins to trade him?
DO N ALOT OF THINKING..... splash!
ha ha this parade is LAME! Yes Potts was 1st and faded, not sure how far they are
People I love... Vernon Davis
sounds even better on
Cool. I used to work at a seafood restaurant in Rockport. It's a nice area.
in scott peterson there was Amber Frye he has totally different set of circumstances cause of death.
With so many new items coming in we are going to be featuring items every week!
Guess I should buy a lottery ticket on the way home, , ,
Ya, but what do you expect from a shopping center attached to a hotel? I'm skeptical of anything with a food court.
It's Friday! Who should we follow?!
#TGIF everyone! What are you plans for the weekend?
I wish i could braid my hair and make it look like other girls do
besides the FWC kids y'all count as fort worth kids!
"Be the change you want to see in the world"... SUCK MY DICK!
BOUT THAT TIME TO HEAD OUT TO COCO LOUNGE!!!
thanks you too!
Just because I make eye contact and smile during conversation, does not mean I'm flirting with you. So calm that libido of yours DOWN!
I'm talking about as far as my profile
Not Saturday!!:) Lol c;
hey, but I didn't.
quite the wise fellow Wesley.
Well, I only pretend to follow a fitness buff so I can get showered with cute puppy pics. So it works out.
Told myself I was going to spend the next hour working on my economics study guide. That hour turned into 10 minutes.
Twitter looks so boring on the outside; but once you sign in, it's like fucking Narnia!
that was a series of mistake but hey, I'm learning
Enjoyed "Folsom Prison Blues (Live At Asbury Park)" by Johnny Cash on Pandora
This guy! just presented an AMAZING idea on to create One Million New Public Service Jobs. Support!
THIS>"One experiment after another has demonstrated tht children who live in poverty often have higher-than-normal levels of stress hormones
great meeting u!
I DO!
If you steal from the #99CentStore, you my dear friend is #broke as fk.. lol
Feels great to workout! I want to draw something up now.
I think the Dodger Express is a victim of its and the Dodgers own success. Worked like a charm when the stadium was half full.
Mailing a replacement remote would be awesome!
did you ever receive a demo from us? my friend got a letter from you, but I think my bandmate never heard back.
RT : A lot of agencies are seeking entrepreneurial w/ own sm. business or blog. They love proactive candidates.
i hope you are too, sweet message
my friend said the same thing when she mined from CA to MN
KEEP FOLLOWING YOU WILL LOVE HIM
Anyone have good pirate jokes?
I had to learn on my own I was in the streets ask my momma
Just realized that my Myspace page is full of comments from 08. Maybe it's time to kill it. Wish all my friends & family would switch to FB.
Hey my Twitter Fam how's everyone doing 2day?
Spending the day with Drew Hanlen from Pure Sweat Basketball at Oregon City HS. Got better as a coach today. Great drills for skills!
just watch u on mike and Molly great show hope u do more next season
Thank you! We're exhausted, but thrilled to have finally thrown the switch.
reality TV makes me feel like my brain cells are leaking, never to be returned
Hi Glenn, Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
Sounds like an after party of stiches and a tetanus shot.
At least Norfolk State isn't in the SEC.
Also bought a new cake pan to try the Chiffon cake again. The tube pan leaked last time but the cake still tasted good!
Guy handing out fake ron paul slate. One of the names is a patient of mine who died last year
Worked like a fucken slave today. My bed feels amazing right now!
had a back injury at the end of May im still recouping from slowly but surely tryna get better so i can get back to the music
Terry's softball team is short a couple of player's, headin' out to Hamilton road to help out. Game is at 3:45.
Reviewing has one advantage over suicide: in suicide you take it out on yourself; in reviewing you take it out on other people.
Did you know you can repeat the course as many times as you need to succeed at no additional cost...
Go Browns!
You used to have a nice PayPal checkout, since Nov 2011 you let PayPal push offers for credit cards during checkout, please stop?
I just saw Brandon Bryant at the grocery store! So awesome! I wish I could have said hi!! Merry Xmas!
Happy Monday morning to all!
“: lmao u stupid took” son I going to die cuz I be going to fast to early and start breaking down
Help by sponsoring a child today!
Going to the park w/ later (:
NBC Sports: Live In-Game Superbowl Tweets By
Seattle, bike to 101 Stewart near Market 4 a panini. RT : Happy Bike to Work Day! Pls share the road today & everyday.
Job security.
Where do the people who work at the post office come from?
Looking forward to hearing more!
It should not be allowed in schools however it should be allowed at home. The bible teaches us spare the rod, spoil the child
5 steps behind you
Thanks for the votes! Please continue to support us by spreading the word about Everybody Deserves Music!
Two candidates so far recommend restructuring of BDC... Thoughts?
The Hunger Games: RT Close it's about those track meets you used to run during Ramadan.
It really is. I was supposed to graduate in May 2011. I procrastinated for an entire year.
I used to think you took my breath away but now i realized i was just choking on your bullshit.
Tomorrow nights twitter thursdays silver every1 come out for 50 cent drinks& ladies ur free b4 1030 get there early it will be packed
He saw the BEST in me , when everyone else saw the WORST in me -God
Ladies don't forget about the meeting on Sunday at 12pm at Amanda's
Was Georgia St used for the Big 10 tourney? Didn't hear anything about it.
he said I mean I thought the same thing at first but I replayed it and he said I mean
If I know what love is, It is because of you. Herman Hesse
hey i love the poem so awesome and creative did it work? did he follow or mention u both?
When girls call MY boyfriend hun, boo, sweetie, etc bitch he has a name USE it.
There better be some storms tonight
Um?! Who wants a $1.00 off voucher to use at U-Swirl? Come on! RT this with your favorite flavor and you're the proud winner of a voucher!
Try 4 o'clock Saturday where I'm at on the west coast!
Oh. So #HermanCain accusers "signed agreements" & got "financial payouts to leave the association." Well THAT clears it ALL up. Whew!
He looks really unhappy to see you but I'm jealous.
Anyone know of great wine bars, or restaurants with fab wine lists, in Columbus, OH? I've got a friend who wants a recommendation asap.
I'm in 3 different tournaments this weekend!
The crowd still booing the #Lakers. Still plenty of time.
CRIME AND TERRIRSTS WATCH WILL START AT 1AM
"Draw something" with me :) @ "brittanyjasper"
RT - No NBA, no more Yankees :| let's go New England Patriots!!!!!
Oh god, I didnt see that. Thank GOD. Wideman is infuriating. Mainly because he's a D man without a defensive bone in his body
Busy day. Engagement shoot, then round-trip roadtrip to Cincy and back. Ready for bed. :)
Going to the costume shop
Just tapped, Bear Republic Racer 5 IPA (replaces Organic IPA) FYI: Tuesday Growler Smack Down Night
I believe
revitalize their lives and their relationships with themselves and others.
You KNOW I will be! See you guys tonight!
Our problems are man-made, therefore they may be solved by man. No problem of human destiny is beyond hu. - John F. Kennedy
Timed writing today for a final. Thank God.
Show me the money
Barely heading home. c:
Wednesday WINE night cranks the engine to get you to Friday! Rock hard & Tony Dizzzzle!!! Bottle of #Realm in my sites!
Sorry. Selena sucks live.
you're gonna make me cry :,) I was literally about to post on your wall about how you were coming home in 9 days....
I wish I could drive
How's it going ? Been a while since we connected! Didn't know you did work for a wedding magazine - I'd love to learn more!
RT Beginner's yoga: tonight 7:30pm. Be there to learn some solid asanas!
The strippers are getting vicious. Citris just smacked Alize.
Hence the phrase "alleged" in the title. We arent claiming its a Pulitzer Prize winning piece. All rumor...for right now.
lmao that freakin made me laugh! I'd hate to wake up to the sound of random laughing!
I have seen people quit Facebook on a panel before, but publishing live is a nice twist
Who is to say who's ugly and who's not?
RT plz follow ....sorry i just love Erika so much!, i had to make her a Twitter! plz go follow! :)
yeah. Its the same for us when almost all the girls turned into sluts.
Can't decide whether sunshine makes sitting at work harder or easier...
lmao always have me laughing :)
YES!RT : great to see you out braving the elements at the Lake Country Charity Invite at Erin Hills for
Three Fox Run Retirement Community Immigrant Housekeepers Say They Are Living The American Dream
Good bye Bin Laden...you will NOT be missed!
thin mints and the round ones with the hole in the middle lawl
The only good guy all the bad guys want to win...
GUYS, the new TweetDeck for Chrome brought back RTs and killed those damn quotations marks. Finally.
Tucson college is SMART! Call us and see why your home or building should go smart. (520)290-9515
Want sum shrimps, but dnt knw from where tho..
" Quit being lazy you can drive my whip! "
I'm up early with the birds on set 12 hour day enjoy your journey.
At the #BlackCat in #DC seeing ! Make me laugh mofo!
Better than honor and glory, and History's iron pen, Was the thought of duty done and the love of his fellow-men. ~Richard Watson Gilder
Was that diddy again in the mailman costume?
in la bro hit me up pal
Had my twitter account for a year and a half and I'm just getting addicted
I think your account has been hacked. I have gotten some malicious messages from your account.
I don't wanna do shit today
Host A Gold Party California, Gold Parties Nevada, The Gold Party People, Las Vegas, www.thegoldpartypeople.com
Excited to engage w #PdF12 spkr about her activism work re: social protests & Israel.
300 TEAMS that entered today with fewer blocks than Anthony Davis now has (64). Bonkers."
Thanks for the followup. I appreciate the direct conversation. Will let you know what happens.
Hi Hope - we've already run our fall scholarship promotions, but keep watching for more scholarship opps in the future!
Yum, yum, yum! RT : NiceDog on River Rd across from Old State Capital. 11-2 See u soon!
ALSO never denying the faith no matter what comes along. it's hard. and we need each other.
love/ hate so much it Hertz?
"You take yourself way to seriously" says the guy who spent 1,500 words responding to somethiig
This game is pissing me off.....
if you dont treat her right ill find you and beat you with a stick. you hear me bro?
Missed ya, How are yu today babyy girl? [:
i got a message from you w/ a link. You might wanna change your password hun.
they need to hire more workers
don't forget about us!
Can be ok depending on your age. It gets a bit juvenile in my opinion. Some ok food there, hit up Bricco if you're over 30.
Two more weeks of classes, a short break while trying to fight my writers block, then off to the next project
Since Detroit is known 4 their wild n crazy hairstyles I wonder hs anybody rocked any of Sheneneh's hairstyles.
keep that place from the motherland a secret. Don't need any dickwads "discovering" places we've been going since birth
The NY Ave/FL Ave triangle is still a clusterf&*k. Too much outbound NY & eastbound FL traffic sharing space, nearly colliding.
#operationfindnextgf She can't always think of herself
Ahaha....delicious.... and
I need to get you an mug!
Okay ... You can call now before the game come on .
Aching at missing my first May Day since I moved to Mpls (I'm at work). #MayDay2012 tweets are cheering, though. Thanks, attendees!
j/o or something
Playinh with XML again. The gears are grinding slowly, but I am already printing course tables of contents.
The safest way for you would be to send it thru Paypal
#ImThatPersonWho will forgive you depending on what you did
Great night to test out Bottlenose. Love looking at all the Tebow tweets.
Adam Jones. Orioles OF.
Why u asking all dem questions
:-) had a great daye
There's something to be said about the old nature vs nurture argument. DP is definitely her mother's daughter in the clumsy category. I ...
can i have some skittles? lol
I don't want to go to school.
Oh My Baby Girl???
Eve! You are a tweeting fiend! yes
If you don't live for something, you'll die for nothing.
It's National Volunteer Week. What are you doing to give your time and talents to someone in need? Call United Way 2-1-1 and LIVE UNITED.
Damn my bad just saw it punk ;) RT : a knife... And i thought i already follow u punk
Waiting for my Sushi @ Kabutu. Yum. Good Sushi is worth the wait. Kabutu Rocks! Watching Idol & Glee tonight! Did I just say that?
Definitely start brewing but if you're growing hops they'll take at least 2 years before you get a decent yield.
Ouch. Sorry about that. For what it's worth, we appreciated you candor. -Dave
first... Dude, ur arm is the circumference of my waist. Also, my goal is to look built-ish, like those girls, not skinnay!
if you have a minute why don't we go talk about it somewhere only we know
Apologies can only go so far.
Just clocked in at the office...working on owls, guitars, headphones and foxes for online orders...with some reggae playing the background.
its the way that you say what you say to me. Keep you running through my mind 24/7 days a week! \(^.^)/
You very much deserved it, such a wealth of knowledge and inspiration you share in Grace!
So "racism" is when a small group of angry, middle-aged White men spray you with waterhoses if you try to eat at their restaurant.
mucca mad boys
No cable alternative to Mad Men: chain smoke and scroll through Pinterest for an hour.
So excited to hear the winner
send a couple of bucks & I'll see what I can do for you. I'm saving my cash for a new surfboard. I just got back from San Diego
(of Beethoven) "he even, briefly, owned a horse, though, characteristically, forgot to feed it"
They asked Artest how he plans on dealing with Harden & the nigga responded "I don't shake substitutes hands" #dead lmaoo
awesome hve u met the iconic boyz???
lol im just saying I can teach u a let of things
I really,really hope not. It wouldn't be the same!
#SignsYaKidIsUgly if noone every says their cute
me, too!
watched the leaves dancing a reel in the swirling wind.
haha so funny....don't forget BANG! or ...IT'S GOOD!!! LOL
2005- #Baseball returned to D.C 34 yrs after the Washington #Senators left to Texas, the Washington Nationals played their first game
to think the only real casualty was Tara Reid is somewhat amazing.
I hear you. I think you're doing great. Keep it up!!
There ain't nobody that got your back like your momma! Thank GOD she is in my life!
I have too big of a heart to hurt people...I'll be completely honest with you at all times
Snowball fight at 3?
Good luck! RT : Volleyball practice tomorrow with the Varsity team... I'm nervous :P
BRING ALL OF THEM.
Change of plans. The Treehouse: Friday, Feb. 11 Woodlands: Friday, March 25 Details coming..
just got a front row parking spot at the mall- that never happens
congrats to your incredible performance in The Devil's Double. Thumbs and Toes up.
Why is this girl over here talking to me about prom drama.
When 60 degrees is cold, I'm not ready for Pittsburgh weather again
I'M STILL CHECKIN IN I SEE YA
Or, instead of calling it HW, perhaps more collaboration outside classroom?
MY BOX CHEVY, THAT'S MY GIRLFRIEND! SHES ALWAYS READY, ALWAYS READY TO RUN! BOX CHEVY!!
same as you nothing much just staying in Indiana!
I'm grateful I just finished my own oatmeal because I believe that olfactory vision would put me right off it. Yikes. Be strong!
My daughter and family now in sanford maine. Missing them already
I'd go with the latter>>Merging or sharing? Either way, C-USA & MWC working together- NCAA Football
Proof is in the vino <- new catch phrase.
WTF is a foil?
Long construction/clean-up day. Now barley wine, gs cookies, and Six Feet Under.
so fun last night! Emailed you some days :) xx
You'll already be dead by that time....
I have the biggest crush on literally smiling when I think about him tonight. Feel like I'm in 8th grade again. :) <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
#Blagojevich ends: "I'll see you around."
Contact me for information on home renovations under the new EPA lead hazard guidelines. www.epa.gov/lead 362-0529
#FF and all of the many supporters & fans of
TMMBA Nugget from Day 2: Discuss cases with my wife to improve understanding.
he's the AT&T of people
No problem. How long have you wanted to interior design? Follow back? :)
Debating if i should get a haircut today o_O
Chung from Goodreads up now
Congratulations, Doreen! Hope you can "relax" now and enjoy the rest of your weekend!
power is still out on on my side of 12th st! i wonder if dte outage data is publicly accessible? maybe?
"WHOPPER!WHOPPER NO ONIONS!!" "cyberspace Monday" "well I used to tape dancing with the stars then dancing with the results"
When ur soccer bag makes the car smell....
Great. And we're easy to contact if you do have any questions.
it's awesome!
Just be thankful you don't have a swear jar within the confines of your office on this beautiful Monday...
Welcome back.
I know I just wish the want for Greed from the Government and shit wouldn't ruin the feeling of that for me
Great name! I'm sure you'd both have fun; it's always a good time and with minimal fighting among the dogs (and people) :-)
I'm ready to start running again!!!
Extremely bored today
THANK YOU!
why. do.you. say. that?
Monday meetings at 830am surely help to snap you out of vacation mode. -_-
Next thing I know, you'll be watching Jerry Springer & I'll be really worried!!
I thought my bade heart broke during TWC but i was wrong it is NOW officially broken WHY DAN WHY!!!
PRINCE WAS JUST JUST CRAZY HE IS TOTALLY THE FREAKIEST ONE
has decided that 415 is her new walk time. She's wrong. It's still 530, like it's been FOREVER.
now following....
Tonight @ 10pm. Andy Gonzalez drops by plus the sounds of Willie Bobo y Mas.
be careful using a neti-pot when you already have an infection. My DR. was concerned about it spreading it further
And appearently you don't go to prison for eating them.
Are you in la again
because my phone is downstairs & I'm on my iPod so iMessage uses my email
Would have thought more corners would have been taken in the second round. Just one so far.
I have no choice. It's either show up in this or just go home. Wife says just come, so here goes nothing!
Listening to the mp3 of #thatcamproadtrip singing Bohemian Rhapsody.
Happy New Year! I hope it's turning out to be a happy 2012!
Stagnant revenues can also be an area that a CPA can provide valuable advice.
whoever is making judgments saying they're bad is wrong these guys have played their entire life. It's only 1 practice
Amare struggling to find his jumpshot first two weeks of season is gonna be miserable without a real pg
Thank you very much and cheers!
#CV council accepts report from exec compensation review commission (which found in general that CV execs are fairly compensated).
Enjoy your weekend twiends!
Check out Studios new fall schedule!!! I am teaching Wednesday evenings
Just... a little... more... effort, and the term is over! (if anyone has a little of mental focus that I might borrow, please let me know).
“: I'm in love with your voice <3” Thank youu!:)
Coaching matters
Looking forward to my show at The Blackwater Cafe tonight!
#happyleapday it's almost not like a real day! Do something out of the ordinary today!
Man there's pressure on the damn MSG food vendors in a game 7 Spezza come on now!
Unfollow this page and follow my new page nowww
Got pulled over by the five-o on the way home from #ActionOnFilm festival cuz I guess it's illigal to ride in back of truck in cali ! HA!
“: The number of UofL fans on I65N out number UK fans 1,000 to 1.”--there he is!!!
Coins make noise, but dollars do the talkin'."
RT : Heart and mind is with the missing ABQ balloonists - praying they'll turn up safely soon.
Left my wallet at home, spent my last 4 dollars on the metro. Who in down town Silver Spring or DC has change to lend me so I can go home?
Not on twitter buddy.
You don't need singing or piano lessons! You're awesome.
hey can you follow me back?
Jesus people calm down, it's 2 runs.
If Twitter says we are alike, it must be so. Thanks for reaching out.
F U IM SOLO
thank you bianca they are amazing people need to stop hatin
Geeing ready for my brotheers party!(:
thanks, hope the jersey is good enough luck even though she won't be there
Sound tech 2x on Christmas Eve (in top with glitter accents), 2x this morning (spent picking glitter off the console)
Was Julian Edelman just playing defense?????
context, politics, outcome are quite distinct, but greece's inability to form a govt in midst of econ crisis remind one of Germany 1930s
Could also take a vitamin B complex supplement. It's likely stress related. At least that's usually my case.
lol he's a better politician than an actor any day.
Liddy? She was the whole point of the episode, wasn't she?
nice. Thanks!
So looking forward to living vicariously!! ;) YOU GO BOYEEEEE!!!
Can never fucking sleep night before a test i fuckin hate it
Best Free Lunch of the Year about to Happen !!!!
The problem with winter sports is that - follow me closely here - they generally take place in winter. - Dave Barry
A wise man said, Only the Rich sleep... I respect his grind to the utmost s/o to
Some people do and some people don't... But it's okay because it's meant to be that way!
n then they call balling on a budget
like it like that is my new favorite song!!! <3 i love you guys so much! Follow me please?! (:
what do u play?
: When I see you, my heart beats a little faster. My stomach feels a little lighter. My smile shines a little brighter. <U+2665>
aren't we all, darling, aren't we all. cx
Failure seems to be the greatest learning lesson for entrepreneurs
yep, we are going to try and hold at least one major comp per quarter. The bmx track will have races a few times per week.
what's it to you what it is to me??
I'm sry. Im still here tho! :) love you
Will fix now! :)
Sorry, I "strongly dislike" the sounds that they make.
Already here with a stool waiting for ya!
lol I will and Pauly-D is going can't wait 10min
I can not wait to be laying on the beaches of Ibiza
S/O to TY for follow'g. GR8 Info for anyone that needs help building their #email #list & learning Abt
History is not written in stone. The best questions are open-ended with answers that can be debated. Fosters higher level thinking
It's going to be a long boring weekend/week.
Voting ends tomorrow 12 Noon! Please come to the Announcement of ArtWalk Prizewinners at 5pm tomorrow at Tri-Cities Historical Museum.
Out of the office at 6 feels good. Loving this summer loving weather.
Now abide , faith, hope, love,these three, but the greatest of these is Love.- I Corinthians 13:13
That's probably the most wholesome thing a kid ever "tried alone in the tub."
So many of my most favorite shows are being renewed. RELIEF. Gratitude, etc.
We should talk more your like cool. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
yes like this girl said that too me a RT: don't you hate when ppl say you changed but its clearly them that done switched up
Houston was one of our first networks to build! Follow our Houston network!
If I had a nickel for every time I've done that, the app would have paid for itself.
Looking forward to playing with bands Jiffy and Ref The Fox on July 22 @ Comet Tavern. Seem like such nice people!
I'm a little late, but welcome to twitter!
i would say that's a good trade:)
Love it when my Giants draft a good CB :)
I live in Texas and it's currently 2:04pm!
cool well i already signed up
Watching some abduction movies. so sad :(
shout me out pimp
Family dinner and home videos :-) rest in peace uncle kevin can't wait to see you in heaven
JAY BIZZLE IS THE HOTTEST RAP ARTIST AROUND.
yeah. Wonder what away kits will look like?
I would bath in four Caffreys sandwiches...congrats on the big win
RT : #Bears WR Alshon Jeffery says his numbers went down as a junior because S. Carolina went more to a running game.
Wall Street Masterminds What makes them special?
In the world, there is nothing more submissive and weak than water. Yet for attacking that which is hard and strong, nothing can surpass it.
Next stop: Nervous Breakdown.
I believe that I found you using Tweepi to check out , who got me going in Social Media. TY Kate!
In SoCal.. really want to go take a Tour of I need some R&D time!
mornin u,,,how u been??
Ever since the Grammy's Sunday, I am thinking blue hair! Can't wait for our new color line!
Sitting in a hotel room in Milwaukee watching a TV commercial for Southern New Hampshire University. Wonder if these ads work.
I get an amazing amount of spam emails from
big time! Send some sunshine please :-)
Michael Bay just shattered my childhood. The TMNT are not aliens. This is why we can't have nice things!
great! Can't wait:)
Getty this week?? herb ritts awaits
Spinning my evening away b
Need a 25-page market overview and competitive position piece in two hours? Yeah. I did that.
Come out for our 1st Friday event! Fashion show starting at 8pm, enjoy it for free along with music and food from local vendors!
what's troubling for me is that this is the second accusation this year
Of course you would, faggot
Tony just left.. probably won't see him for another 2 years.
got a fresh case of Muscle Milk delivered to the office.
that's him!
WILL resend it...
Damn, I don't get that many... But they're still hella annoying.
We won&#39;t see anyone else like Ken Livingstone again | Liberal ...
I agree. I love Hellcat. She is my fav Marvel female. I would like to see her back w/ the Defenders.
Even if the world goes by we'll remember our last time..
Happy Birthday Young Man , hope its amazing, you're old now, you're officially 4 now. Hope to babysit you soon. Haha
When Derrick Rose went down it handed the Heat the Eastern Conference. The Thunder are too young and the Spurs are too old.
RT : RT : Now that the Content Strategist role is emerging in corporate, this is a second career wind for the Journalist
It's picking up, thanks, pushing promotion, building up some inertia. 42 more days to take advantage of
sometimes those walls just work.
2011 was so good to me...Let's hope that keeps going in 2012!! Happy NYE everyone be safe!
that grizzlies/clippers series lasted longer than the regular season!!! I'm so glad it's over!!!!
facebook in pirate talk? How do you do that?
Those two were initially run plays. D was showing an all out run blitz and Joe chose to audible into Pass.
Finish the joke..."How did the Twitter Blue Bird cross the road?"
VERY!!! He's loosing the pounds for you
envy envy envy
Our classic pedicure is always a hit: an hour long pedi including a soak, massage, exfoliation and filing, cuticle work, and polish.
You gotta have a body. Jayne Mansfield
dont lie to me
“: Sam the cooking guy visited today!” Awesome!!!
Excited to interview Actress Sheila Kelley this morning for InHollywood Magazine!
I think we over balanced the whiskey portion.
Carl Sagan is so poetic, he makes Stephen Hawking look insensitive. (Currently on a "Cosmos" & "Into the Universe" kick.)
If you try keeping someone out of your life and they keep finding a way back. Maybe, they aren't supposed to be left out for a reason...
Aww there's no need hun <U+2665> Thanks!
Now reading Jon Haidt's "The Righteous Mind: Why Good People Are Divided by Politics and Religion" and it's fascinating.
I am periodically obsessed with gaga.
. Footnote: Team said it could get $200m in NFL aid in December, but didn't specify whether that means team+league'd pay > $300m.
Too much makeup cannot conceal internal insecurities.
To my Pastor, its been 2 years since we sat down and discussed a plan laid out for me. I need to come in & touch base....
Anyone else wonder why your phone seems to ring longer than usual when you are ignoring it??
For some odd reason, there aren't that many people in on the Thurs. afternoon before spring break...
's play-by-play of her first chance trying Doritos locos tacos is a highlight of my night.
Be wise.. seek knowledge...and listen to your heart.
What might be waiting from the chefs of the next german menu. Keep posted on facebook, and website.
I've been hearing so much about that race lately!
#overheardatthebar from an Italian native: " is the most authentic pizza I've had since Italy."
I hate being at a stand still ughh
has been saying that I've been making up words for years... I blame my ma. - she does have some corkers though! :-)
#Nowplaying Nobody Like You by Limp Bizkit
--ok. Let me know more details.
All Good Things Must Come To An End!!! Very Bittersweet!!! But Like Cher In Burlesque... "You Haven't Seen The Last Of Me"
Can't get enough of that 40's sound? Well, Sunday night's Halloween party will feature sultry live music from the World War II era.
2011 is wrapping up as our best year since 2008. How's yours?
Shout out to the Mr. Brown for winning the Culture Fresh gift certificate and two pair of tix to the D12 show this Sunday! Keep it locked
“: RT : I want food!<~~~just had wing stop” --Really! Ugh that's what I need.
NOW THAT WEE ARE IN THE SAME TIME ZONE would it be so much to ask you to click my follow button :( or atleast notice me
Come on Cats! Let's pull through this!
Question by interviewer: what's your favorite Dewey Decimal number?
Tea Party feels young are freeloaders. Haven't made same contribution as THEIR generation (discovering fire & settling Louisiana Purchase).
Snowy, cold day spent inside catching up on paperwork and writing. Listening to GIRL W DRAGON TATTOO soundtrack.
hopefully I get one(;
Sitting with Courtney, drinking Pimms and The Edge just walked in!
geocaching installation art; marketing make it happen
pizza + ice cream, a perfect combination!
Sounds traumatic. I just woke up with a hard-on.
Jennifer Kane's info is great. It's like SEO for social media :)
"What is that A symbol thing?!"
Overheard in the clinic: "I'm going to say it really tiny so you will have to use your super ears, okay?"
Eatin a subway sandwich and walkin through downtown @
Social Media will help you win the school board election next year
Thank you!! RT : <3 it. All of it. Such fun in #mediachat and
Victoria Justice <U+2764>
RT: Now that Mega Millions is $500M, fill in this blank: When I win the lottery the first thing I'll do is _________"
Adolphe Sax: A Memoir in Voices
Anyone out there using #instagram for weddings
haha yeah but I need your number so I can call you when I'm going for you
Is it bad that I want to move to Inner Richmond in SF just to be close to Burma Superstar (and eat there all the time)?
Oh if you love me so, don't, dont let me be the last to know.
Definitely will. I'll report back.
The Silk Tie likes Michael! Your wearing a tie in your profile pic, rock on! Ever check us out? thesilktie.com
I h8 my phone so much
Great to see you, as always.
Everything down the street where the hotels are, walking toward the University, is affordable!
Why is it that even though the train you are travelling on is late, the bus taking you home from the station is always on time.
cant give up now came to far
(I'll admit that "slicing and Clang-style colored diagnostics" means nothing to me.)
#ereexpo done! Now getting ready to host the STEM Panel on Jobs for the Environmental Justice Conference sponsored by Department of Energy!
Swedish fish flavored ice at Rita's= amazing
Thinking about wearing a white dress for my dance since the song is called Your Guardian Angel
I love a man with a hairy chest.....
You were on Twitter for a while, then off as long. I hope this doesn't run you off again.
We all know by now that Joe Paterno passed away, but I just want to remind everyone that Jerry Sandusky is still alive and well.
good thing she doesn't have twitter! ;) have a blast!
Six miles of walking per week can help brain functioning. Check out the boomer blog at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
I was not a fan of pinterest at first, now I'm finding it fun.
Judge scolds Microsoft and Motorola for 'hubris' and arrogance in patent case (Todd Bishop/GeekWire) #m$watch
Pinebrook Elem student says "I need Spanish to talk to my grandmother. Please help us save FLES."
Still up and out
what it do?
I love it! One of the favs now! Are you planning on watching it?
Direct message you! :)
well bye
I just finished a 2.30 km run with a time of 21:36 with Nike+ GPS.
Big range in libraries! "designer won't let me show teens fabric samples" <-> 100 teens plan space w/ architects
does this mean you're going to kill me?
RT If this speaker only knew. We never get "bored to tears" anymore. We get bored to twitter. So there. // HAHAHAHA!
Good morning friends! Check us out at this Saturday Night! 9:00PM Continuing the countdown to their Salsa Competition FINAL Feb 2
thanks, I will check it out.
Welcome back Bobby. :-) ": bobby is back"
MURDER is an acute political indictment masquerading as a genre film. It's outstanding. More relations to "life" than MOTHER.
for wat band?
Get him to follow me too!
I know state was weeks ago but im gonna upload the pics now.
I agree the legal president has no basis. The supposed aggressor Can't state intention cause theyre dead!
RT : He is a charmer!//yes Hudson is and apparently quiet a negotiator as well
2 nights ago 2 cans were stolen from my p/u and my tank was syphoned... Someone got a good blend of regular, 50:1 and diesel...
#HateItWhen people take hours to replay back.
Can't figure out which I'm more proud of--graduating from on Wednesday, or going 10 months in #NYC on a single metrocard.
simply. amazing.
? RT : Anyone at SXSW that loves sneakers and wants to be on a panel on Tuesday? If so, give a shout.
done oliviaa, c:
you sir, are a gentleman and a scholar
I remember you were the first person I told when my gallon bottle of wine broke through the bag and broke.
upload that junt and follow me!
One good thing about summer being over...hot chocolate from Barista!
haha yes yes! we will discuss tonight!
do you know any good small venues out there?
so guys really are able to pull that off?
you may say that im a dreamer but im not the only one...
" there's a difference between overreacting and being honest." Meso has 34 ML games, you want to dump him. Not overreacting?
yeaa but im not gonna see him til monday though .
Saliendo del cole :)
has some really nice reds!
Flawless weekend..
B is from 12-3pm so not till closer to time...
I'm winning like Charlie Sheen! LOL
Both girls and women need to hear nice things said about them and to them. Make ur friends day and tell them that they are important.
Drawers filled with clothes, closet full of clothes, but nothing to wear.
Thank you to our newest followers , happy Friday!
Who's got 16 flavors of ice cream back? Mm hm. WE DO! :)
im fine bff and u ? i miss u too !
- I'll be back down in about a half hour!
it is! music is an official part of the #Souyz #TMA04M jams launch party
Up and ready to do work! More designs coming soon.
Just think how terrible our economy would be if Barack didn't put a moratorium on drilling, stop Keystone and raise the debt to 15 trillion.
omg im so sorry about your sister and your mom and everything else madison was right your life is precious dont waste it! <3
Great #Snickers ad with Joe Pesci!
I didn't watch.
I'm teaching courses on the American Revolution, Civil War, and One on Modern Europe
Even Noah? Or is that where your line is drawn?
that's so awesome! Glad you enjoyed your float. Enjoy the after effects. You should feel floaty for a couple of days :-)
I am fair to say that after God made you, there was massive explosions in Heaven! lol. no woman is more beautiful than you!
Californos will be catering for #BOOM! this weekend - live at the #Fishtank; KC's favorite marching band performs Friday-Sat. May 13-14
Congratulations to Jason Henderson who just booked another commercial and will become the newest member of SAG tomorrow!!!
sorry i live in califonia
Both! Why not? RT : Ha! Votes are 50/50 on this. It's a tough call...
"Confidence is arrogance under control" - Walter Bond
": The Action Congress of Nigeria, ACN, has raised alarm over what it called “the worsening poverty” in Nigeria."
DC is the only entity that manages to throw a big party every year and come off seeming less cool than it actually is.
IM sorry! Imagine how I felt!!!!! I was scared I have lost alot of weight and cant eat! :( I Love Food
if I see dry white tees with neon bras you are a slut
Great to have you part of the #ClearedJobFair #COBOL #C++ #security clearance
#kannaboom come take my zumba Friday 6pm at the origin in El Cajon CA
dreams come true
Im so glad you loved tonights episode!!
The principal of matter is what was the final nail in the coffin
Hate when I'm trying to be helpful or trying to cheer someone up n they done appreciate it
check out analog bar in downtown san Diego Nov 28 for their industry appreciation night! We'll be performing at 9:30
Ican see clearly now, the "rain" is gone....bring on the SONshine!!!
Yeah, but I am not convinced that a high klout score means I am worth the extra effort.
So much 4 my laugh if they'd have left 4 LA RT : (AP) -- MN gov signs bill to build $975 million Vikings stadium; target opening 2016
WTF is goin on with the movies these days??!! ; bring back the classics! PLEASE!!
Necessity... the mother of invention. Plato
I love Thome being activated because Mauer will be behind the plate.
#Health #Tip: Chronic Aches and pains getting you down? A regular meditation practice may help you cope with physical discomfort.
I have dressed the same to school everyday for about 3 weeks now.
#CreativeCloud still not sold on this
"An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one." - Charles Horton Cooley
Good Morning!! Have a blessed day!
The healthcare I`ve received seems to be little more than a troubleshoot.
Thanks for checking out Katmandu! :) Props to my Cholorphyll bandmate Cat Hall Angeles who is the singer.
its a new era of transparency, right?
Inspiration must live in a different time zone. It always wakes up right when I want to fall asleep.
The Rangers won in the 3rd Overtime! 2-1 Final! Goal scored by Marian Gaborik! :]
Not mardi gras this week! RT I can show y'all my boobs for the journal. just saying.
Maybe the name was wrong? Then should have tried Happily Ever Cadaver.
Watching graduating therapists do their capstones!
I've been waiting
The SVU angle was actually about adults, alcoholics; sad all around. I pray daily for strenghth to protect my teen
I was watching while working at that other church.
Yay! Glad to hear it! “: Saw it last night. Amazing voices!”
thanks! You're sexy!
Oh ya...hotel gyms.
i cant cry about ah women that i NEVER had.
my ears popped & it made me drop my phone onto a metal grate and the noise scared
Y did Romney say Obama was tryn to raise taxes on small bizness y didn't he just say Small Corporations=swaying the votes then no1 will vote
FYI: Since the September 11th attacks, Johnny Depp and Nic Cage have been involved in a complex competition for most crappy movies made.
#FF for #pubnews & tips on #writing. By the time u write what's trending, it's changed. Write what you love
It was great to learn more about you at the "Go Viral" workshop via this morning!
Boiling rage whenever I walk through these doors.
You are gifted. And I never learn not to mix.
my peer pressure forced you to get a twitter! Now tweet your first tweet!
So when you’re lost and you’re tired, When you’re broken in two, Let my love take you higher, Cause i, i still turn to you. :)
Yeah im........ so excited to start school ah
I think my "Check Liver" light just came on..
thanks so much for the follow! If you are in the market for a new comfy mattress you now have a Mattrezzz Guy!!!
We don't need no stinkin roads
i'm not the prettiest face you've seen that i know.....and i thought my love would be enough...but sometimes im just not so sure..
Just got the #UK license plate on the new truck
Can't wait! RT Up early for the Nautica SoBeTri! Can't wait to be on the beach to cheer on the entire Team!
Also recently tapped a barrel of Otter Creek 20th Anniversary. The relationship couldn't be stronger, and neither could the ABV...12%
you don't suck. You just love the art of food. As do I.
Just because U can't see what I'm feeling that #doesnt mean im not feeling
The app needs some instructions. I assume email goes in the last field?
It's available now Doll!! RT : great im ready credit card in hand
I'm just bou tah leave it alone n do me its the way its gotta be
If any bitch gotta problem with me. Just say it what you biting your tongue for ??
You've been hacked by I love you so much,i missed you these past two days that I haven't been here at school ily tho<3
And? What's wrong with that?
Remember you are always loved. Even if it doesn't feel like it.
I missed you too. I asked about you! You better be back soon
...anyone out there have the Motorola CLIQ...thinking about getting it today bc my POS Behold is about to get thrown out the window!!!...
I enjoyed our conversation yesterday. Looking forward to finding ways to work together the next few months.
#Library School: Teaching future employees how to be a jack of all trades.
you hear bout North baseball?
Wow, my Twitter stream got really quiet. Did everyone else get raptured?
I should mention I am co-chair of the content generation track at #SIPADC. Hope to meet you all there!
It's wonderful. Whenever I go, I wonder why I don't go more often. Wish we would've moved there. When are *you* coming to NC?
Getting outed as a bigamist by Facebook friend suggestion ... New privacy concern?
this is true. win or go home now! You going to be there tomm?
First real test of surgically repaired knee. 10 minute 33 second mile. Not great but better than 30 min mile after surgery. Knee is BARKING!
#Off-sites & #company #retreats r great ways 2 energize ur teams! Let Trove help.
Getting money aint a option its a priority
Up here in the chi still rollin!
No just tell it again. It'll still be awesome.
TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD Auditions, Saturday, January 14 1pm -4pm at Stage Aurora 5188 Norwood Ave. inside Gateway Mall
where do you put them up at? Is it somewhere I could listen to them?
You get older every day, one day at a time.
all set minus the live bodies. Thanks!
a broken record
thanks man.
Wait, what?! First it was the #Rangers, then the #Nationals and now the #Tigers?! It's taken Fielder so long to finally pick a team!
IT REALLY SADDENS ME TO LET YOU KNOW THAT ANOTHER GREAT STAR LIKE WHITNEY HOUSTON HAS PASSED AWAY TODAY
Wish I would've known that earlier...oh wait....oops.
the possibilities are ENDLESS!!!
I spy, with my little eye...Susan Sarandon!
taylor has a huge crush on u
OH YAY #BETTYWHITE what kinda #SuperBowl would it be w/o her
will host practice at the Oriole Lane school in Mequon Sun March 11th and Sat March 24th from 9-11 AM. New players welcome!
“: Have you read any Krakauer books?" have u read books written by the other survivors? Highly recommend it.
oh drummers.
1. Grab your water. 2. Chug it. 3. Repeat.
“Anyone can love a thing because. That’s as easy as putting a penny in your pocket..."
You should check out The Jobe Wilson Band. Hank Williams Jr. fans will identify with these music!
He said "oops," what more do you want? :)
Okay well, ha hey.
Just talked with a state legislature's IT staff about using Akoma Ntoso to publish their legislative info in. Exciting to help them open up!
it does make sense...
Our winners are and ... Thanx for the support. Dm your full name & shipping address
If you see someone smoking weed do you tackle them and lock them in a box? No? Then don't outsource the job to guys in Halloween costumes.
#FF #FollowFriday RT : Golden Dawn sounds more like a corny action movie than a fascist political party.
you betta take that shift get ya money boo boo
: Pink Floyd "Mother"
Lovely photo.
Happy Monday! Hope everyone enjoyed the weekend!
What's the dam deal
6 more days :)
my spirit animal is serge's toes
beware: mysqldump --tab defaults timezones to UTC but mysqlimport uses local time, with no TZ choice. work around: set global timezone=UTC
Great shoot guys! Very excited for the next one!
Bust a nut then kick her out..!
Look who's on Twitter. RT : I'm @ They might Be Giants concert hoping to catch a glimpse of Best first tweet ever.
RT : Not a better fan base then Kentucky. Point blank period. #BBN and you know this man!
Haha It's true(:
lol. Why 2? I was hoping for at least 5 more.
yeah..recycled is def the least we can do in this day and age.. keep up the good work and let us know if we can ever help!
Basic #SM Strategy: "Develop a deep presence on ONE social platform at a time; and START w/ your blog." at
Thanks! Been fun so far, quite a shift from the , but having a great time!
I love Alan Rickman and I am not ashamed! ;)
love you & my goddaughter :)
Lee's last concert of the year is tonight ~
Saying goodbye is the hardest part. Going to miss the Warped Tour family! First gone, Safe travels man.
#whenimdrunk i act like im just tipsy lol
Does anyone think that anything positive will happen to this football program before the end of (going to be an abysmal) season?
A little comic relief going on in the committee right now... I enjoyed the laugh, but c'mon folks, let's keep this going.
Funny that is what it will look like during a Mid-July Tuesday night game as well
They should have combined the yellow police "crime scene do not cross" tape on top of the pizza.
I can make it worth ur time...
What am I gonna do when the best part of me was always you, and what am I suppose to say when I'm all choked up and your okay?
Dang thank god I'm not going to school tmw cus I don't wanna see #oomf or #oomf I swear I can't look at them the same way now...at all
Walking to get to soriano.
Got your bitch cooking them cheese eggs too...
want to congratulate on taking home a Juno for Artist of the Year!
Could someone please convince this fly to stay still long enough for me to swat him?
I miss you too friend!
... Watch yourself mister
Where's the Men's LAX preview at?
you should. it's excellent - one of my faves
Getting my swag on. Wish I could wear heels with this outfit. Darn ankle injury from years ago is suddenly acting up! Ay dios mio.
yeah. A blinker.
lol am a start just for u
Untangling iPhone headphones is half the workout.
Two fish tacos w/ fries $8.99. Last week before Easter!! 1/2 price wine bottles, $5 Crown u calls, and $4 Bud Light Pints!!
just sleepy lol
Or Stitch Lab does a class, or I'm happy to try to teach you!
okay. Do you want to try hanging out today?
CMS just released their "Quality Care Finder" website at www.medicare.gov/quality-care-finder ... Check it out!
please let that nig stay locked up.
I had a great time seeing Raleigh & working on the project. Ignite has a AWESOME team & takes grt care of bloggers.
OK, NOW I'll have #TVDSweetDreams ;) We'll have to commiserate - eases withdrawal ;)
What does LIFE means to you? Is it choices, purpose, achievements or happiness?
Thank you for the mention this morning!
Many thanks to for sharing his time, talent, and mutant power with the teens and librarians of Rockland. We had a blast!
the automation stuff is awesome
bummer. Sorry I missed this Zack. Not been on Twitter as much. When is your next trip?
Thank goodness we didn't go tonight!
Good Morning Twit World!! What a beautiful day in the neigborhood...w/ the exception of the wind (its a bit windy).
Nikolas will be arriving via FedEx on Tuesday. You don't even have to sign.
Big #FF thanks to for the supportive retweeting! You rock!
WI top cop sez unaware of WI stat 12.13(3)(a) in interview ... here's a hint, JB, not ok to lie on GAB on declaration of candidacy
he just started, he's got a lot of cleaning up to do not to mention we're in a recession
who do you rep?
yu tell me bro
#kids Family Bounce Night at BounceU in Carrollton: Family Bounce Night at BounceU in Carrollton from Friday, May 18, 2012 at 6:00 PM to...
3 actually. Real short.
Me. Is that a rockband poster??
yes ma'am lmao...
Lil Wayne's performance can't wait!How To Love<3
Social Networking On iPad | iPad Tutorial
She was shootin' in tha gym wit me tho
friday, friday, gotta get down on friday!
Yes. : 15 minutes from the greatest week of my life.
Not in the mood
awesome glad to hear the #Celtics #Winning :O)
GEAR Con finally has a proper & current facebook page (apart from the film festival's)--just search the name.
Girls start being slutty at such a young age now days.
I think that tweet actually came out just right.
Loving my new hair =]
What's the good word?
thank ya! Yeea girrl I had to get the hell outta kcmsd lol
and I'm not working, so literally not doing shit for days haha
hope you got one of those "free taco bell for life" cards out of it. If only to assure me there's SOMETHING worth living for.
Because I can't live without heather Williams (:
Just got the first remix back from for the NEW NORMAL remix album! soundin perdy good !
I think I just wrote the last sentence of my thesis.
All paperwork signed. We close on the house in 6 days. Just 12 days until we set sail.
And again . .
Ok, movie buffs, please read my last RT about Andy Serkis. Very touching. It's very well written. Is there anything James Franco can't do?
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” <U+2015> Albert Einstein
Jealz that you are in NOLA, my favorite city. Keep us posted on your eats and drinks, please!
Great to see you here. How's the family?
There is no shortage of developable land in Los Angeles. LA is not Boston.
gotta wake up in 3 hours for DC . fucccccck . #night . <U+270C>
I expect some sharing. Btw, crossing county lines with that is dangerous! Boss Hog will get ya!
I will root for your C's if you support the Lake Show tonight. Fair deal?
sitting in the kitchen doing some work with a couple of pore strips on. Husband wakes and squints... keeps walking.
One day late, but July 4th a big day in wrestling historically and for Mid South Wrestling. See following.
Good luck in your search!
Take a shot for me oh woah oh woah oh woah wooaah
Although you let other people skip at lunch instead of me I still love you -__-
we're always seeking ideas for future episodes. next seizure due in august.
trying to use the # mark but how do you get it to link i put it in front of a word but nothing happened
ha imma b in baton rouge not my fault
*austin walks in* austin: *smiling* heyy babe! you: heyy, how come in these pictures your not smiling and right now you are?? (c)
but you do dance!!
LSU QB change coming. Jefferson will move to defensive back
because like every child thats where they come from... eve too.
7 months later...my internet finally works again. I forgot what it's like to be able to use a computer.
No I'm pretty sure its boobs.
Amazing, huh? The China one looks like source material for Pandora in Avatar...
Nope. Old Fashioned.
would love to see demonstration booths at Malls- Recognizing anaphylaxis, How to use an Epi-pen~ signs of FAs, type of thing!~
haha i know, im so romantic ahahahahaha
great connecting with you at Matchpoint Boston! Determined to make your MRI affordable.
U Welcome Bro But No Thank U!
Tammy too old for the bullshit she's ratchet
I have no clue who's gonna make it to the NBA finals this year/ Its been awkward playoffs this year so far
Your different, your a real ass girl. Dont be like everyone else
Great day at You were all fantastic!
of course! That's all I do!
Thank you... and as for the Bieber reference my account was hacked. Most likely the work of
RT : Congrats to all the New Yorkers tieing the knot today.
Yeah? And JUSTIN LOST now. And you're crying because your life is that sad. Find a hobby or something, loser.
love this! Another good one (well, it's fact-checking & research) is Desk Set which is Tracy-Hepburn
John and KC acoustic duo (all-original set) at Tap & Go in Mt. Adams Tuesday 8pm - IN SESSION weekly acoustic show hosted by Bob Beckstedt!
lol, I'm workin on it.
#lupefiasco worst performer and musician I've ever seen live
intense if the new president wouldn't have been running his mouth about stuff that he doesn't know. He is treating the students like they
it definitely has gone down hill...i'm glad we've graduated.
done and done and done :)
The Yankees year comes down to a guy who should be on their team this and WILL be on the team next year.
We can't outrun our darkness, we can only fill it with light.
more than that... I was working on a passage, and the thought came to mind "it's just like w/ that soufflé last night..."
Just realized I tipped my waitress at $200 haha...
RT : Gorgeous day on ! Join us for Mini Burger #Monday happening NOW til 5:30p. $3 mini burgers; $3 local draft beer
It does that when you put a residence on 4SQ. Something about not getting murdered by stackers.
likes musicals, likes God ... I recommend bonding over a broadway night at Book of Mormon. Perfect!
Please follow me?? (:
Sweeny just Ripped that ball. Effin Redsux!!! there goes my W for Verlandy
Up early in the morning like always(:
Thanks for sharing with us!
I get same as
thanks for the feedback! Fun day of learning!
didn't have enough characters to fit them
It's such a shame that that person will think I'm agreeing with her when the opposite is true. Should I just delete my reply to her?
My merchant NPC is gone in Act II, this can't be good.
Watching the All Star game. Good throw by Pres Obama!
Need internship/job advice? Check out ALL WORK, NO PAY by the from ! It's got some great tips for students!
Tweetn no text? Cool
But I'm literally just starting the character bio step, so writing the script is a few weeks away I think.
Gotta love it when a silly sore throat turns into a nasty worse than it sounds cough.
your "attack" on is wrong. You say "we" knew all about Obama in 08, but low info voters did NOT
Follow me on my second twitter account if you like to laugh! :)
Do you drug test?
I told her!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B> She loved it!!
iPhone Games... Yeah!!! Time to leave the office!
RT Forgot I had that insanity workout, gotta start it along with this Nike Training Club app!!! its a beast
being lazy with the girls, 2 more days till i can see baby <3
Come join Chispa Marketing at the 11th Annual Lou Gehrig’s Disease 10K Run & 5K Run/Walk in Coconut Grove. Register right here!...
is OVER the family drama. If you can't be supportive...be quiet.
"A Goofy Movie" was playing in my dentist's office this morning and I walked in just in time to catch the "Perfect Case."
wholesale Gucci Horsebit Nail Boston Bag 189893 - Go Green ...
Reflexologists are trained to study the feet before a treatment, looking for classic signs of disease, like hypothyroid/circulatory/fever.
Orgs can optimize & keep talent when people can self-organize to solve problems+seize opportunities, using best talents together
Thanks for tweeting about a Mellen Press book.
Just because I'm a dreamer doesn't make me a sleeper. - S.Rippetoe
Tucker's Blues in Deep Elum
Well don't mine me, I'm going to help myself to a stiff bloody Marry to kick start the morning!
thanks for the shoutout. it should work since everyone love nails ;)
You betcha baby!!
King center ito undergo a "dramatic modernization". What do you think? Do you go there a lot? Why, why not? let's talk:
ok, goodnight bitch
#nowplaying I speak real Flip ft Bird
I have a lot of hw, I'm going to fat ass it. “: Excess homework has been linked as a cause to childhood obesity.”
Please follow and DM us to get the details on how to receive your tickets for tomorrow's Avalanche game!
RT : Should be called amature-nouns. (#Pronouns will be the death of me. What did you mean? i can't be positive what "that" is.)
Engaging, dynamic programs and success support growth of within communities. Show the data!
uh oh...have weird obsessed by me fan.... does that mean I am famous..*nervous laughter* ..hehehe
Kaleigh and Ashleigh invited for a special audition with Joyce Piven for her upcoming production!
not everything that glitters is gold...its still glittering too...
The 1st HRD bout of the season is officially underway! Don't miss out on the action: official roller derby after party tonight at Big Star.
hopefully the flash will make the shank unnecessary!
Fridah is reading exceptionally well! I'm so proud of her!!!!
Nick bringing back the 90's! This rocks!
spoke against publishing "nonsense" and for "gatekeeping" and even "civilization" (have we heard that word in DH conversations?)
hey! I will drink a bacon milkshake, so I will see you in Eugene soon, yes?
The Museum will be closed tomorrow for Thanksgiving. We hope that everyone has a happy and safe holiday with friends and family!
Time to go home!
following up from this morning: how do universities reinvent their organizations to be fault tolerant and move faster?
Foo thinkin that I'm tryna get at this chick just cause I'm close with her -__- Smh
We're tasting Oregon wines today. Not just the Pinots. Try the Viognier from Stageleft Cellars. Who knew Oregon could make great Viognier?!
Good luck!! RT : I'm determined to be on varsity this year for softball. . Even though I love the whole jv team.
If the world hustles, Who's getting hustled? Make friends not fans!
To show Customer Appreciation, will be giving $5.99 loaves of Rosemary Olive Oil Sourdough bread for FREE until we close at 8! 1percustomer
Trying to figure out trip to NoCal for #stagesonpages. The first big question -- drive 7 hours, or fly? Will need a car there, so torn...
Lmao! --->": Do vegetarians suck dick?"
Agreed. "CIO's must embrace mobile first mindset...innovation in mobility & cloud" SAP CIO Oliver Bussman #Appnationconf /via
“: Hardware + Software + Mobile Cloud services are the focus for Playbook and Blackberry 10. #BBWC”
A crazy gun "enthusiast" followed me (on twitter ) recently and briefly (I blocked him).
Everythings a dollar?
Waiting for #Discovery by the Potomac!
is being invaded by chipmunks.
#SSAC is playing "Cleveland Rocks" before Drew Carey takes the stage. Fun.
That's a given! <3
I wish everyone a great day! SMILE, because God loves you!
Glad you saw the post, I was going to text you. lol
I got that summertime sadness.
#maxmilner all day
cool story bro. But really, you been good?
I knew somebody like you
Not real interested in the #BCSNationalChampionship. #LSU - #OSU would have been epic. Guess I'll take #Bama to win.
Okay, trying to post a comment to Google+ on someone's post who is hugely popular is a very trying experience. Constant interruption!!!
Reference services should always be personal.
found your bag in front of our shop! Tweet or call 414-967-7344
WANT TO KNOW WHEN WE REVEAL IT ALL? www.sofiafellini.com
Cannot predict now, we'll have to wait and see what blackberry season looks like.
hope so. Haha
Occupation begins tonight. New press release shortly.
great movie
I'd do it but I'm not passionate. I will miss that $8. That's 2 cups of Starbucks coffee!
I left my phone somewhere and am really pissed and worried b/c I can't buy a new one. Had a great time tonight and hate to end it this way.
Thank you! You're so kind! ^NE
Who? Who? Who
I can't wait for a shoot out with you!!!
SCars let it out, Bleed to Death
ever since your boys left tx they been quite
Melo and most of all Chauncey will be missed.Thank god we have the
I so rarely get to bust out my Fine Young Cannibals impersonation, so thanks dj!
"wounded people wound others" ~mark vega
Yeah, have your lawyer call me. Send the cops too. I have broken no law you ignorant letch.
Um, well, the third agency is, um, well, um....
If you don't like me, remember that it's mind over matter. I don't mind and you don't matter.
Leave for tour tomorrow afternoon\m/
They passed no more. The Washington Redskins are rich in talent and John Beck can kiss his roster spot good-bye
It's my birthday in Australia!!!! Rad.
Life is 10% of what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. Charles Swindoll
I'm excited that I'm moving out of Cali soon
I wish he was. RT : "I've got butterflies man, like I'm about to go in." He's behind #uwhuskies bench
(Rich) moved IR upstairs. Investigating down. Swapping teams.
Hang the DJ
start sharing it with people. It'll help you get clarity on what exactly it is.
Trying to explain a song but not wanting to sing it to the person.
128450 at the color up (break 2)...chips didn't move quite as fast that level
Another sunny day in the DMV. I should go downtown for a bit, but I still have five more things to do on my to do list.
Romeo Concert was Amazing!!! Alex Sensation se lucio!!!!!
we think alike. you too :)
I Bet! Tease!! Lmao
I need to find someone to go to the brewers game with -_-
May God bring peace to the Kramer family and Joey's friends as they grieve such a tragic loss. Tosa students wearing green for him today.
OMG...Craig Ferguson voices Owl in the new Winnie the Pooh movie??? I might have just fallen more in love with him! :)
#Irene hope all my 413 friends and fam are safe. See u soon
omg you have a twitter <33 Hey :) thankss for the follow .
No, nothing says birth control. (And I am a mom... LOL)
haha i have the same problem -_-
Ah okay :)
Those are the tweets for Thursday, April 26, 2012. Y'all have a great night and we'll tweet it all again tomorrow!
Some students were upset that Romney, not an evangelical, was invited to give Liberty commencement. 1st they get to hear minister Luis Palau
- nice! Thanks bro. Hope to see you there
certainly many customers seem to feel that way. wish it was looked at more as art.
Field trip to the office my company is moving to. Oh boy. It's pretty.
You're really good at it. Were you a teacher in a previous life?
Funeral by Band of Horses is playing. is obviously quite sad to be absent in this moment.
Trust me, I AIN'T NO PUNK BITCH. I get sick of listening to a toothpick rap about weed, bitches and champagne.
I'm in the same situation...
This geography final is going to be awful. There's so much to memorize.
so according to Caleb and Mikayla , my boobs got bigger ... i have great friends ... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Have an opinion, don&#39;t stick to it too much and never agree with someone&#39;s opinion just because someone would like you to.
wow, did not know this was coming out. Should be interesting!
makes my heart happy to see two guys I know REALLY wanted tickets, able to go! :)
Check out our music video for "The Breeze!" Click on the link below! Don't forget to "like" it and share the link on your facebook page Thx!
So... I'm no longer single. But changing anything on facebook from my phone is proving to be difficult.
I think I'm having a mid life crisis.
I thought you said pierce the veal for some deason
Lucky I ain't have Jay drop him from the team.
Haha "cause I don't have your number!" gotta love Joshua ;)
Loving the new Oatmeal Squares. Tried them at the FMI Health & Wellness Conference today. Have you had them yet??
Ideas for what to do in DC today?
I'm about to throw mine out the window.
73k. Played well this level but really mad about a river bet of 6200 when I was suppose to give up. Had it around 95!
The definitely missed his size and scoring in March this year. Hope you're having a blast!
#Zane with that
Is fall in the air? I think it it-is that a pumpkin spice latte I see in my future?
90310: Inglewood, CA
aw its over :,(
Ms. Zanditon, your clothes are stunning. Thanks for finding me now I'll follow you! I <3 Twitter! Where in NYC can we buy?
enjoying lunch on a beautiful patio w/Diana while Sheryl Crow soundchecks just across the river
Rehearsal was crazy...this June 16 show wit Nipsey is about to be crazy...
I get outta school may 24th for summer. Hollllaaaaaa(:
"Its a Vain world, Beauty can take you far~But without Heart + Brains, what will you do when you get there?!" ~Kimora Lee Simmons
you're attractive.
Yes, that last tweet was for you, et al
Party hard, make mistakes, laugh endlessly. Do things you’re afraid to do. After all, you’re only young once!
My pleasure. I am there on business on a regular basis. Thanks!
-c- w/ respect. & we can have a cute relationship that everyone brags about &we last a long time where people are like your still together?
Working instills a new appreciation for Fridays in everyone. Cheers to working hard and playing hard with Dundee!
I have so much shit to do
If you take a leprechaun's pot of gold, are you breaking the law? If you think you've found one, are you legally insane?
Happy Founder's Day, soror.
I love you <U+2665>20
Lol! Is that bad? I still need to come visit on Brady!
Indeed we do. The museum ed folks at naea are using
7 days left. 8 Days till the big day.
Refill Elle Varner
Oh so u dont complain about anything?Tell me how beautiful ur life is,u can touch the sky..
last night i tweeted about the sad state of affairs for women directors in 2012. let's turn the tables & create buzz about female directors
aw thanks hun i play my main roll 2morrow and friday ;)
Does your organization plan to onshore offshore purchases w/i next 12 months? Poll results: 40% currently have no plans
If you cannot measure it, you cannot improve it.
Nothing like watching #FamilyGuy :)
The quarter hasn't even started and I've already got readings and assignments!
Yes sir almost like u did me in the NOLA Haha... you gotta find ? ? He went MIA on you huh? Lol
Wassup Tracey how's everything?
Keep it coming!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+2764> become my #300 follower and get a #special #shoutout !!!
who you think? <U+E405>
Heads up! On stage at TED today is Wade Davis! We're currently reading his book The Wayfinders for next month's TEDBooks group.
damn this david axelrod joint is too dope, give him a listen when you get a chance
- "8 Years since Mama Died" is beautifully written! Loved the whole thing! Thank you for sharing.
Crap! I'm on call with the Red Cross tonight and fire dispatch just called saying their are folks in need. No rest for the wicked tonight!
Listen up all you young hipsters, before Jack White there was Eddie Van Halen.
I'm sorry, but these refs are cray.
I was thinking the same thing. Spring was just teasing us I guess.
Changing lives, passing out yearbooks. is hard at work.
My heat are blowing my high
Well it's about time made a twitter!
ide have an amazing monday if you followed mee :) x
tomorrow I go back to the precient and I talk to a detective about you. Sucks to be you right now. Have fun in prison, bitch
#fridayreads Silver Girl by Kirkus raves "has a master's touch at characterization."
At this put everyone can suck it. That's how I feel right about now.
Murder murder listen to the chorus. Niggas wanna know how I get it when I get it dont worry just know its murder
If yah boyfriend/girlfriend isn't happy when they are with you, then you are obviously wasting your time and effort.
We are a collection of our choices in life. -Herm Edwards
They went on a panty raid to mr krabs mothers hz haha
If you would like to receive monthly emails about my music ministry, and free music leaks from me please Direct Message me your email
Oh Sunday night, you are perfection.
Dr. Maness BrainTek Institute Now Include Passion 4 Life Liquid Vitamins Minerals in Treatment of All Patients with Stress, Depressio...
I try to stay optimistic. ;)
Pick a Peck of Positivity - Personafied.......!!!
follow me??(:
is even better in studio than on the phone! Didn't think that was possible. Signed, BOBBY!
Country Music, Texas, and Mexican food make this girl
that's it!! I don't live far from there at 85th & Cherry!!
Umm...maybe tomorrow
I shudder for both the language and the PowerPoint presentations.
Don't you hate it when people complain ... (lol)
Hi Joel! How are you doing today? <U+2665> Wish i could meet you someday :) Much Love! Reply pleasee?
This is for a concert in September. Hope I get in.
congrats to Darrick Watkins-(HD-Marshall) for being selected by The Write Thing Challenge! Achieving in the classroom.
nice, in SF I assume or are you at
i know i miss u taking up my whole bed to!!!! i knew u were in love <3
RT Bitches front like FUUUUUUUUUUUCK for twitter !
DON'T LET SOME OTHER PPLE RUN IT. I'M WILLONG.
#LCGrad. Anne Gibbons is giving the invocation who was inspired by grad James McDaniel to use a prop - our red chair
Grand Theft Hoopty
How many people frequent coffee shops during artwalk? your ad/ msg can be on those sleeves.
I'd love to cash in some of this free baseball. Come on #redsox!
Did you miss our triathlon kick off meeting today? No worries. I'm extending our early bird offer to 4/14. Email...
dammit, missing a rare San Francisco thunderstorm.
What fun! We used to do one as a thank you to the teens who volunteered w/ events, classes & games all night.
Going to #COLORADO tommorah
#ICantDateSomeoneThat can't eat an entire pizza
I can't respond on DM... I think you have to follow me...
Fuck it next time your fav rapper perform...I'm snatching the mic from his ass
Ladies & gentlemen I'm bringing sketching back (yea) them other artist don't know how to act (yea) lol
Congrats and and rest of on series A!
didn't know you tweeted. Yeah buddy
Edible book festival = Nerdy fun!
"dude. your hair. it's so soft." haha.
did you say something?
Will today ever end? Personal worst Tuesday in a long time.
Im tinkling all ova the house, dadyj he put this mishuganah xmas bell on my collar. DADY ,Im not a cow!
thats a pretty good idea since I sit in the back against the wall
Good morning Wicked Tweeters. As you go out today remember that you can be the difference and the one to bring about change. Be exceptional!
u actin like paris this morning was great, seizure salad lol classic shit
How much did you have on the #MichiganState ?
Turtlenecking the media?
I was expecting something a lot older than that. I'm not saying your old though. *open mouth insert foot* ;)
Glass screens on phones: planned obsolescence?
#Remind me to wake u up this morning. ;)
I can't believe Desperate Housewives is over. It hasn't hit me yet. Was one of the best shows on television!
I don’t wanna brag, but I’ll be The best you ever had
Had a great conversation tonight with a new friend about the greatness of Jeff Buckley. Very awesome convo.
Wounds are ways to reveal us.
woah guys god obviously doesnt exist..
All I'm tryin' to say, don't sweat it. Don't be a next, be a first. Make people say there are no Bennetts :)
Happiness = putting away your lunch bag and realizing there is one more piece of chocolate left in it :)
A big thanks to for playing songs from our NEW EP!! Thanks!!
I hate Mondays....
i missed your tweet about N4P....were u on host committee? I dont know your real name!
lol so make sure you watch LOL
NFL prohibits players from tweeting 2 hours b4 and 1 hour after their games
Omg, school is stressful.
right?? Flip cover and everything!
Welcome n.n
Every project has different requirements - it's what's best for that film/show, etc.
#NeverShouldYouEver Hate on Austin and his Mahomies!!!!!!!
SO excited for Relay Race on Friday AM! We leave for Gettysburg in the late afternoon tomorrow.
I was just thinking the same exact thing lol
There's no truth to the rumor that Our Hero has been eating nothing but wolverine since scoring two points against Michigan on Wednesday.
Jeydon!!! You never see my tweets but if you see this... Can you reply? :D
Few things I enjoy more than overhearing a group of utterly stereotypical nerds passionately nerding out over nerd things.
Walking 8 miles & then Dr. Pete saying let's stop at Mrs. Curls made it better :) <U+E33A><U+E43F>
": I hate treatment but it's necessary. Takes too long." Well think of someone on chemotherapy, maybe it won't be so bad
Yea it's in one of the sections we wanted. What about you guys?
Got your text (obviously) I like it! lol
why do u hate our country so much?!? Try to tweet something patriotic for a change!!
hi can u follow me
In interviews they always ask me how I feel about Nicki Minaj and I always tell em shes a good Artist I respect her success #no hatin
your pretty awesome the way you used those wood pieces and turned them into ball light fixture's ;)
Tennessee Volunteers Power ‘T ’ Lapel Pin – 10KT Gold Jewelry
I wonder if trannies can tell the difference between stares of "gross that's a guy" and "gross that's a Guy...eh I'd still do it"
Glad to have you on board! RT : yes yes yes!!! can't wait for the fall. Looking forward to starting
Up early today. Time to be productive!
Commission meeting is in session and streaming live at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov
People's minds will be blown when they see me back on the mound . A whole new Matthew will be on that mound .
thanks so much for coming!!
Looking to purchase an apartment in #NYC? Call me today, Id love to help!
Maybe school becomes facilitator for further convos using sm. Muse becomes just member ofthe convo
If ever there was a euphemism for a secret tryst, it's "birthday cake in my office break room." Maybe that's the line Arnold used.
scrape scrape scrape scrape spray spray spray spray pull pull pull pull pull scrape scrape scrape scrape spray choose another 90's playlist.
Start with the cross identify with the needs of lost people and develop people into devoted followers of Christ. B. Cox
Gotta love those piezos.
... RT : If god was a man and we are created in his image then why dl we look so different and what are woman
Chi Town Come & Check Out My Nigga, Ya Girls Favorite Rapper & The #CloudGang Sunday Night Rip The Mic
- I'd love to learn more about the competition you host to aid int'l humanitarian crises. How do you choose the winners?
thanks for 'body beautiful' exhibit shotout! The show's last day is feb 18th.
Right now cannot think of a more unappealing person than Scott Walker
Hockey until this crap is off the screen
Great tip. Intranet Connections looks like a great tool - I'll definitely be exploring this option. Thanks!
tell em don't bite my shit... and stop using the term "fresh" so loosely...
“: Life is good.” everyday
thanks for the love get at me this cridisizm of Street Groove Magazine also check us out on myspace.com/dastreetzmusicgroup
Ive got to be honest The Help made me tear up a bit...
Great job on "The Talk" today.
Back in Washington, DC after a few quick days up in Boston. A cough is developing.
I got NBA playoff fever!
DISASTER AVERTED!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
#cgt256 how awesome was 's virtual visit today? Please follow him and thank him for chatting with us!
Thanks for the follow Loku!
better with the lights off <3 :)
Fix me some food
I wonder what this means for satellite radio.
Time to get creative on a Wednesday. Who's with me?
Well i guess no one does! Nera mind.
Ugh......guess its time to try to go to sleep
AH-mazing. xo RT : remember when we got hit on at the #blocstar party last night?
's #ALCTS "Linked Library Data" was a great introduction to RDF and the semantic web. Looking forward to that short bibliography!
Thanks Ryan. That's great to know.
O well get ready for this Heatwave!!
I just shook hands/hugged with 2 guys from the bar. I have never felt so intelligent in my life after the conversations we had
Thank you! Back at'cha! RT :
DID YOU WATCH IT? i missed it.
Oh, Wendy! Tornado redux?! Come to NY until it's all better! I am so glad you are safe! Surround yourself w/bubble wrap & love.
Final day of Leadership in a Sales Organization is underway. Another great series with Todd Henshaw for our group this morning.
can u plzzzzzz follow me I'm ur biggest fan!!!!!
For sure. Not many needs there, so guessing plenty of best player available picks
Fill in the blank: My favorite wine is _________.
On stage, ready to speak to Jr & Sr at Jefferson HS. One more opportunity to try and make a difference!
I'm addicted to flannel shirts. Bring back grunge.
what else do u actually do that allows u to make meme's all day?
Not sure but felt like an aftershock in Fluvanna, Co. Virginia!
yeah. Guest user, all refrigerators say not avail in store and 'fail' delivery date.
Never put your watch on top of electronic equipment such as a television or a computer, because this could drain the battery quickly.
You are not wrong. This Friday will be the final day for the Italian Steak sandwich.
Mitt Romney's base is going to start to waiver if he cannot win a Southern State.
BRYCE HARPER DID A CURTAIN CALL FOR 1 HOMERUN!?!?!?!?!??! I can't stand living here....
RT : ooh la la.... Me next!<< I told you that already!!
Hi everyone. Looking forward to another great chat.
Grab your tickets for the Super Bowl Parties at the Lucas Oil Stadium Parking Lot. Call us now: 888-493-0004
First exciting announcement: We have a new rockin' drummer Bethany Palkie!!! :)
It's nearly the first friday of the month! You know what that means...Fish Fry Friday at Sprecher Brewery! Great suds and great eats! ;)
Nice! Enjoy!
When shopping, have a good idea of how payments relate to price
Thanks everyone who's following me on (:
S/o to .. Fuck all the tweet watchers !!!! Lol
Wow, very sad about Steve Jobs.
Maybe it'sme: can stay off forever! Love seeing Rob and Sunny.The chemistry is so much better.
A modern day #shibboleth RT: Today it's easy to tell who's not on Twitter: the people who don't know what Star Wars Day is.
getting harder now though, as the shadow moves toward the mound.
I'm pretty sure, that I can say with all honesty that: My job is cooler than your job.
one Saturday in December apparently.
this is going to be a multi-parter. give me a sec so it makes sense. (possible it still won't.)
On the way to boston this bus is sick
I know some people requested to see me create live....#UStream tonight...stay tuned...
Hey MarkMan, I'm looking to upgrade to a better stick, just wondering your opinion on what i should get?
Tell mama C I said happy mothers day:)
Old Looney Tunes cartoons >>>>>>
WHERE WERE U YESTERDAY?! so mad
I would like that.
#TruthIs life is precious so live it to the fullest
Did u get my Tweet about possibly being in a Compton Hood Movie w/
Touching tribute to bullycide victims at
Our special today is a favorite... Stuffed peppers and French onion soup! Come try it out and see our renovated restaurant!
You know you've been working too much when you tell your 4yo that you "strongly recommend" he climb down b4 he gets hurt.
Will do, thank you!
Best friend... Are you mad at me? :,(
have a great Holiday everyone and if you don't celebrate it then just have a great day just the same
Express Lube can benefit your business through our Fleet Program. Visit www.expresslube.com and click on Fleet Info for more information.
yes that's a great way to describe it!
OK. Matt is qb. We r winning. Defense is doing well. Why not add trickery to 4 n 10 ...we run it? Go for gutso!
omfg, exactly! I wanna slap people when theyre like that!
More about the #GeorgiaState #eres #copyright lawsuit - new blog post from Kevin Smith at Duke
Also Lex Luthor on the Superman Animated Series.
Better than having your poles crossed.
You were one of the reasons I went to Bard.
I wouldn't feel bad at all....just think what would have happend if the shoe was on the other foot!
Look for ASP at the NAA conference in Dallas
#Foll11 I think a lot of young librarians think of themselves as 'already ready' - a mistake.
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 16
SAD to say goodbye to and today. Good thing we have ice cream cake to drown my sorrows.
Still need/want a Red Bull....and chocolate. Approaching hour 6 of this take-home exam...
WIN VIPtix2Music City Roots by answering: Email Q: 1998 inductee who was a was first a beautician
Hm what color sha'll I paint my nails tonight?
Oh, you have a British/Australian accent? Excuse me while I take off all my clothes.
We know very little, and most of what we know is wrong. ~ George Casaday
Show at the Slowdown this Saturday! Only $8!!!
The felling when u upgraded headphones and your music sounds sexc nice...yup
Thanks for the mention! Stay tuned for more updates on tech & social media.
are you going to see Megan and Liz tomorrow?! You should make a poster! They said they're signing posters for free tomorrow!:D
Yeah right and take a $20k a year pay cut? LOL!! No thanks!!
Thank you for the retweets!
Went running and played tennis with Nalani this morning.... And now Lychee :] !!
RE: MD MARRIAGE EQUALITY @ the Hippo with Marty O'Malley and the Mayor to share in the big celebration.
POP BOOM POW!!!
I was hoping I could see all of those people and re-decide who should be blocked or not.
good morning tl .
I'm darker than you lol. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
RT : Every1 in #ABQ should be able to see a very large sun halo in the sky right now. Use polarized glasses / this is totally true
Do you think you have what it takes to be a Beckett’s Pub Quiz champion? Find out tonight at 7:30pm!
Trucks are at Seminole Hard Rock tonight till 10.
no problem :})
We had a PHENOMENAL time last night! Thank you so much for such a gracious welcome to the neighborhood! Keep your eyes open for pictures!
It is OK to be glad that Osama Bin Laden is dead. It is a justified byproduct of self-defense.
You don't even fuckin care
LaRussa "under the influence" double-bubble night
Hey thank you for following me. I'll be returning the favor shortly.
Had a beautiful day with my mom and fam
In hand, & in process of syncing: NEW iPad! Fresh off the (boat? plane?) from China to Newark. It's even inscribed (love my boyfriend)
did you realize that Goodmorning Austin is TRENDING? ;D
not a stunning design, but it's usable - and that's saying something! Not bad :)
To make up for the lack of dog food factories RT : Why does Edmond have so many trains?!?!
I can attest to that lol
That SoulIISoul remake. Wow!!!
Yea, I just saw you had already tweeted it. What breed is she? I like her coat
please follow on this somber anniversary weekend.
hahah i was just about to tweet that!
Ha! is a supporter. Enough said.
I'd think Dan comes back unless: NBC thinks he's a liability OR he doesn't want to work without Neil and Garrett.
oh, loll . You still got a phone nigga?
polyurethane is a beautiful thing
I love your muttness ;)
you all are the cutest ever and I wish I was enjoying the vino and music with you!
There is no room for a non Muslim country acc to Iran. We never had a problem w Iran. We have never declared war on them
oh yeah.
And I'm thankful 4 your friendship! RT I am thankful for It's important work you're doing. 75/101
i've decided i'm going to treat #rawconf like the 25 days 'til christmas -- tweeting about #rawconf at least once a day until march 24!!
wow lucky !
Congrats to first place online campaign
hey im good how r u and this is Tyler (:
Remaking some of my top coin jewelry designs out of reclaimed copper!
@ what up homie
The post I made to my yahoo group got a crazy # of responses.
true dat!! Finally we agree LOL
If you trade something for the world, doesn't that thing also come with the world? Worst expression.
this is awesome, I had to retweet and share.
Just got back from our auction in Gibson City, IL. Who knew there were more than 200 people in the Gibson City, IL/Paxton, IL area!
Corey gave me a pedicure tonight. #iminlove #hesakeeper I couldn't be happier:)
That's true, its so pretty though!
Learning lots and having fun Excited to hear the next speaker "making your voice heard"
RT : Dear Lord, if I'm ever be stuck in a mine field, please grant me the good fortune of being stuck with Ty Dillon.
It all depends on how high the elevator goes. I say a National Service Organization...
According to WDYTA you don't have to document your ancestry to join the SAR. What kind of message does this send?
Vico Software: A customer since 2007, Vico provides software and services to the building construction industry
making "bili", a sweet liqueur made with queneps...
I know so many people going through positive changes which is so encouraging! I hope my positive change is coming soon too :)
are you kidding me...first ugly guy in this draft.
I need some me time.
Who's coming tonight? #BowlingForRolls ?
#Top100Lies I love you....
who wants to go to Tabu with me.
i can #buildawindmillsteeple tonight after 730pm. I'll text you!
yep & my twitter was gaay<3
OMB ita kinda weird how tweeted wat i was just thinking O.o
I love everybody. Some I love to be around, some I love to avoid, and some I'd love to punch in the face.
that's a good one lol
There's photoshop, auto tune, and plastic surgery. Too bad there is nothing for your ugly personality
woah I know right where you are. Miss my southern fried afternoons sometimes!
yeah, they actually draft useful players. Imagine that.
Morning #Bmore! Today's word of the day is team! There is no I in it! When one person leaves the next steps up! The beat goes on! Team>I
oh gosh i'm going to be crazy nervous! but i can't wait!
just got off the air when the warning was cancelled - it takes a minute or two to get everything on-air...
One of the best usability resources: Jakob Nielsen
ayyyy I'm just saying lol
thanks for the invite over!
Happy V-Day y'all! Show yourself some love! Get tested!
Say Hi to Alfred!
Cotto is gettin his ass whooped right now <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Time to perk up and get my wheatgrass shot!
"Think... It's the new sexy." --Sherlock Holmes (via )
From acorns come oaks. <U+3069><U+3093><U+3050><U+308A><U+304B><U+3089><U+30AA><U+30FC><U+30AF><U+304C><U+751F><U+307E><U+308C><U+308B><U+3002>
same happens to me! Tilted me pretty hard
Comedy Awards... Incredible, I hope they keep doing this every year!
Need to clean your criminal record? Call NOW. Serving Pinellas County. (727) 474 9988
“My friend asked me if I wanted a frozen banana. I said 'No, but I want a regular banana later, so... yeah.'” Mitch Hedberg
Red Space Gallery is movin' on up!
Oddly enough, I've had cable for as long as I can remember, yet I've never sold my hair to a wig shop
Game 6 in Denver #Lakers vs
I'm doing a CNN interview today at 2:30. Not sure if, where or when it'll air.
Always happy to help out a fellow pirate. =)
Come on Rangers!!!
Yes my guy takes #TheVoice big congrats to picked him from the first show big fan!!
#culturalmuseums Ques re how gender b handld in women's mus. R Suarez asks what that would look like.Meanwhile all men on stage here.
KIDNATION CONCERT tonight at August Wilson Center at 8 PM. Support thsi worthy cause after dinner at Braddock's!
alright i put it in the video (:
#countdown thank God.....
Burn RT Boom RT : why did u ever leave the Pats and play for the Browns?
70 today....not too bad. I can be a morning person with an afternoon like that to look forward too!
Listening to a Pandora station based on Work is so much better this way!
just saw a commercial for some new 3D #legendofzelda shit. yeah- pretty sure the #NES og is the best
#20ThingsIlove warm milk.... yummy
Good job murray.(: lets see uk wrap this up and win.#BIGBLUENATION.!
This is a fry short of a happy meal.
I think you'll be okay, unless your afternoon DCs(cokes) equate to 2 gallons a day... on the other hand...
The current space will remain for standardized patient simulation. All procedural simulations will take place on the new floor.
Golf is not a game of good shots. It's a game of bad shots. - Ben Hogan
thanks girl.. Yess we need another applebees night :)
What do you consider to be the perfect food?
in the bedroom for the ppl to come fix our car and a bunch of my stoner friends were there and you were there too...cont
lots of talk @ iPads at #ignition2011 -- places 1 billion ads on iPads every month (iPads only)
do they know what's wrong with him? :-(
ConfigMgr 2012 allows simulate deployments to see if errors will occur. Talk about an awesome way to test!
Well afaic klouchebag can go 2 hell. Hm, I bet it measures caps usage. I CAN PROB SAY ANYTHING AS LONG AS I USE CAPS!
Apparently Ozzie Canseco has a Twitter account (), but how do we know it's not just Jose tweeting in his place?
for the hour of choir practice that I was there for, it was AWESOME :)
Cannot wait for my workout!
ah shit, u gonna drive the morning crew crazy tmrw, lol
how you gonna spend all your child support on everything but the got damn child? FUCKING SHAME
I'm deffinitely makin a grill ham and cheese with an iron.!...
Here we go Buckeyes!!!!
you mean next weekend?! :)
The snuggle bear is so creepy in the commercials.
Great reports coming in from around the Country. Keep it up everyone!
Of work. On the way to the crib. Then to whitney young 4 shannan...day never ends til I hit them sheets
A guy like you needs a crazy girl like me!<3
Tryin to get used to tweeting
McSweeney's "Ultimate Guide to Writing Better than You Normally Do" is particularly apt for me today, as I stare at #dissertation notes.
i know you went through a lot & your life isn't that great, but that doesn't mean everyone else's life around you is perfect.
Drama free
Some nerve. I hope Zambia isn't bombed.
Work then watching the Knick beat the Hawks
Wishing I had a convertible and a mullet right about now. Some people have all of the luck
wish me a cool night?(:
At this point I could hear less if I'm taken or single ;
#IfItWasntForTwitter # would only be used for annoying phone prompts and quickly texting how much you want waffle fries
sure. Your body may or may not have an initial reaction to it but it should work in the long run. Good luck.
Hey everyone, less then 2 weeks until the #FreedomWalkNYC!!! Make sure you tell your friends to join us and Unite for Freedom...
I hear ya. Just curious. A friend coaches at Jacksonville- Juco in Texas. I mentioned to his dad and he was going to pass along.
RT : can we pls retire "cray"? white people at my corporate day job are starting to say it.
congrats on Paradigm! By chance I met Sam Gores years ago and always had Paradigm on the radar. Lovely pairing.
The expert panel is speaking about video! Something we know a little bit about :) Do use #video for your online marketing efforts?
omg I know and the song I was just like why u soo cute
I'd pretend to be your housewife any day. Cartoons, soccer, what's next? The Biggest Loser? My "meaningful" career is over
it would have to be Johnson that demoted himself for the cause #RonPaul has done too much to be VP on that ticket..pipe dream
I appreciate the follow and I return the favor. Looking forward to your tweets.
Your guests may not remember the type of cake they had at your event, but I promise they will remember the entertainment.
I just noticed something, you have LONG hair now
Gas is getting so high I can't afford to drive to work. I drive 35 miles one way. I don't know what I'm going to do.
thank you, too!
Don't find fault, find a remedy. - Henry Ford
Great services, for now ;)
i hate clothes
This is just a test.
YES! #BabyLuxForPresident is the greatest trend ever!
They were in miami??
Last night My son and daughter-in-law announced they are having a baby, sounds so weird to hear I'm going to be a grandma
well u would b "the 1 and only" woman. I'm home evr nite now. Don't travel out like I used to.
So after a day of sitting on it, that show last night was weird as hell
Holding interviews on Wednesday at 5 pm for servers and bartenders. If you need a job this summer. Come on out !!
Diverse group. Two songwriters, garage and hardcore leanings respectively. #dinosaurs&thunder
Is it possible to F up your ankle without remembering how? It's been swollen and sore since Saturday.
The Little Things You Do Together
Couldn't have asked for a better way to end a Friday night.
Waiting for the right guy to be with
I think I missed the driver ed class on how inching forward every 5 seconds at a red light makes it turn green faster.
#GoTribe I'm proudly Yoruba, any other tribe could go to hell idgaf
I'm going to try
just got back from a Greek festival here in cincy. Had an awesome timeand got too much sweets. Did you like xmen 1st class?
the Ridley Scott movie?
Man i Cant Trust Nothing
midterms week is always hell, so friggen exhausted
On way home drove by flooding areas of the San Diego River, was okay then, but how long will it be okay with the rain still coming down?
We're excited to come to Kent State too! Thanks for being a fan!
Headed to an audition.. Prayers going up!!! Love acting.. Getting to relive my cheer days!! ;-)
Unless you're into side-to-side scrolling.
RT : Here's to another successful Opening Night of the San Francisco Green Film Festival! Fantastic Film and great party!...
working when the weather is this nice is a CRIME
i hate when people try && play both sides of the fence
Watching work is slightly mesmerizing
Best concert of my life it was so fucking awesome
Blacklavender says weezy gives a stunning jaw dropping performance!!
You know you're on the #easternshore when said elderly gentleman calls the barmaid a stupid twat. Only 46 miles to OC's at
Great season for the #Winterhawks ends in Game 7 of the WHL Finals. Oil Kings win 4-1 and will head to the Memorial Cup.
And now I can relax
just because. it was the first song i ever heard by them, too :P
Massive downpour in Apple Valley! We need the rain, just not an entire's months worth in one hour!
Birthday wish...can i host saturday night live?
Come see Pete McCutchen's photos and listen to irish melodies by Conor Malone at 901 New York Ave NW till 8pm tonight!
Marietta/GA
check now
so nice here this past week, maybe we will have a summer afterall!
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live.
Not the biggest fan of Pacult. He charges 10.99 for his iwhiskey app and has not updated it for 2 Years. That's lame.
Everything in life is temporary.
funny i don't recall the players standing up against the condition of monte carlo courts; and they resulted in 2 serious injuries.
Eerily quiet on tv. Sounds like a golf tournament.
Put a smile on ma'am.
well if the tire turns about 400 times in a mile, wack 80 in half and thats 40 min.
Oh hey i want to do something tonight, who's down?
#imjesus I do what i want
I'm in as well. Cocktail here then we can always walk over.
agreed! #itsallforLove! You have to love the journey & adventure! :)
I cannot say enough bad things about him LOL.
Nope! In the office. Wouldn't miss it. Huge day for our team.
Watching dirty dancin wiff my mommy
They know what it is! Yall know what it is! lol hahahaha
#Raiders dominated! Go #Chiefs!
thanks for follow krystal
Keep your mouth shut and your legs open
SHUT UP! ELIZABETH WARREN is part INDIAN. I thought she was just INTELLIGENT and was going to beat the HELL out of SCOTT BROWN. NLD Mom.
ReThink Interview: Ondi Timoner -- On Tech Startups and the Documentary ... - Huffington Post
I'm cummn I had 2clean this room...but yes we gtta most def tawk cause I can't
Hey team! Requested demo earlier this week, re-requested just now. Any way I can get a demo tomorrow morning?
Considering giving all my faculty an iPad2 that they could use to fan themselves off.
Digging Stella's "blue steel" look
The only "winner" in this case would be the media.
Huge OT win! Let's go
good looking parents!! No wonder you're so adorable!
IMHO, there are few things more tortutous than leading a 5x5 league in May. I'm paranoid to stay ahead of curve + I want to stick w/ guys.
That would be Fight Club
Happy birthday ! <333
it's not that they don't realize it , it's because they can't do nothing about it lol
Interesting interpretation that the Supreme court does not have right to undermine a law passed by congress. THAT is unconstitutional. hmm
thank you so much! Thanks for letting us feed you!
Thanks for your time talking with us at NMNH last week - plenty of work ahead, but all do-able.
Of course you get to keep your superhero cape! For the speed-reading and many other reasons. <3
Good morning and Happy Easter, everyone! Doesn't take much to say it back. It would be appreciated.
Trying to gather names of top hs coaches in different states. Any help wud b appreciated.
#GoingRed with chipotle chicken breast with zucchini and squash!
After an amazing weekend, going back to work to rest. Looking forward to a GREAT week!
But Then I'm Going To Be A Loner -.-
Family beside us in departure lounge - iPhone, iPhone, iPhone, iPad, all keying, none talking.
IT'S NEVER OVER!!!! 6 SECONDS LEFT! Missed the actual goal when I went to brush my teeth. Shame on me!
guessing 99% of your followers do not meet VIP status.
You gotta keep up...you gotta keep going!
Call Of Duty Mode.
It's a ponytail and pearls kinda day
News about Diablo I reminds me of the approximate 10 days I spent on the underground caverns of Diablo II collecting items.
great day today, lots of cool stuff done... www.starlightstudiosorlando .com
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my advantage to do for it anything I can.
RT : Street food asia.. Delicious!
Hey it's #humpday! Try a $1 drink with lunch!
the security at the air port
RT pumped to c the last number. Looking gr8 from here. Everyone is mesmerized
Frozen rave pizza! It's the coolest!
For what purpose would social media monitoring serve if not for control? Terrorism is not an excuse. The Govt. fears the masses. Good!
Stop being thirsty , it's not a good look !
The most important quality in a leader is that of being acknowledged as such
Congrats to Cathy Hughes on winning the 2012 NAACP Chairman's Award. =)
im hear u no were to find me
If you want to still be considered a best friend, start acting like one.
I'm at Occupy Los Angeles tonight! Come find me and support the movement :)
well said sir!
#obvs (please excuse the tween language, it was most appropriate) As did I.
Love!!RT : RT : if we only develop our brain we will loose sight of our heart.
LOLL! How have you been twitter bestiee?
“: FRIENDS: Knock on your door. BEST FRIEND: Walks into your house and starts eating.” all day at Galle's :)
Watching "Red Sox in 2" and feel cheated they edited out two innings of Justin Verlander pitching.
I am now! : ) I like your site and your mission.
ABDC. tonight. ICONic Boyz. Cant wait
thank you so much :] but I have ps3 only you can pass the code for an xbox user, sorry I thought you were giving ps code :]
pride => disgrace, humility => wisdom.
It's like the parting of the orange sea! WTF!!
Sipping on some Amsterdam ....
why do you have to go to the same places all the time. Like ugh.
Wow, you really care about putting down another team that much? I'm not a huge baseball fan but love underdogs, not bullies.
hell yeah they betta
I'm goin to typhoon lagoon then the party at islands of adventure tonight gonna e like 200 people in the park no fucking lines or bullshit
Ontario Woman's Club to hold appraisal event - Inland Valley Daily Bulletin
Yes RT wings on deck for u sis when U come back!!!
yes beach tomorrow!!
wow here in Los Angeles, CA it's 10:45 am so it's tonite rite?
My mama is cooking some good stuff.....#superbowlpartymyhouse... follow me, I follow back. TEAM ALEXIS
Haha. Wait, reading it? Or did somebody leave a note in the office?!
Bored and tired not in the mood 2 do anything but mabe enjoy the day nice and sunny but windy
holy shit! Stay in, stay safe!
Welcome Morroco! Help A Librarian has reached 50 countries.
Our spanish teacher put as cooter on the projecter hahahahaha
AAVG watch at open tomorrow...
Catching the tail end of a presentation on the possible future of the Poe House. Lots of good ideas!
If this isn't curl up on the couch coffee drinking weather, we don't know what is! Stay safe and enjoy the day everyone!
aren't they amazing?! They're hilarious! Haha'
Happy Happy Birthday!
My 3rd tweet and 3rd follow goes to the boy who stole my birthday, because he is my inspiration, and i love him 143 (:
Glad to hear it!
The absolute classiest.
We're always open to new ideas! Thanks Amanda :)
Haha! Monkey chant. Did you ever do that where they all sit in a circle?
RT Give a basic bitch some followers, and she thinks she's the shit
paying attention and bravo!
#np 'My boy builds coffins' Florence + The Machine
My male cousins are some of the coolest cats I know!
Tornado Watch in effect for Wilcox, Clarke and Monroe Co. until 5pm - NO one else in #WSFA area is included in this watch.
Have a good day Chef! RT TGIF!
Thanks for following the MHMusic Squad. Follow everyone
#instagood RT Photo: Win a QSW beach blanket! Just share on Instagram a sunset photo using hashtag #qswsunsets!
:) we hope to have a show there sometime in near future! come shout at us on our fb page sometime too :)
"taxes are a game. If you think it's anything else, you're taking yourself too seriously." -Ed, CPE instructor
glad u are good!! :-) I'm great, auditioning for The Voice on Sunday. Super excited
RT Interesting preso re: online, video-based platform (Wahi) that simulates human convo. Case - tampabaygangs.com.
guys and girls can both do terrible/heartbreaking things .___. it bothers me when people just blame one sex for relationship troubles.
Warrior is far superior in every aspect compared to The Fighter.
the show is on.
Life Lesson: anytime you learn a lesson what you are really doing is trading your time and energy for knowledge and wisdom..
I like the direction of your "casual lifestyle" theme.. Perhaps the white font in the footer is a little hard to read/see?
Thank you for the FOLLOW :D xoxo
"How do you go from where you are to where you want to be? I think you have to have an enthusiasm for life." - Jimmy V
you're crabby
webinar + pie = good planning.
Dear God,I know this life isn't easy,so because of ur love I'll always have faith in u. Love Jennifer
I don't usually drink tequila, but when I do I text back in Spanish hha
Thank you, Jenny!
Finally! Cross-compiled #mono 2.8.1 for #OpenWrt on #armeb and used it to run a small #FSharp program on an
Agreed RT : I am not confident that the industry will self regulate here. There needs to be more incentives
Bad Teacher
#ilookforward to this summer its gonna be epic .^_^.
Just Let Go & Let God.
just turn it on on Netflix
have you created an account yet? You're prompted to make an account when you sign up.
Thanks for a great conversation today at #sxsw!
Just do a couple extra reps in the gym or some extra tabata training. The cookie calories will be gone in no time.
#dhtrial wynonas attorney mark garagos just won 8 million in insurance bad faith related case. 5 million for elder abuse!
OMG!!! just got my new phone!
Your love is intoxicating. <3
not sure about the FF element, but it's specifically for Mac. Supposedly runs super small. Something always looks a lil off though
wise choice. Ok this is seriously fucked up funny but all the halo's I've bought have been stolen from me. Except for 2.
Looks like its back up
Numbers high, I'm high.
Good job last night bro , avoiding that potential disaster ..haha
Everybody Is Talking About Height Now , Lol .
Ugh. Body turns to plasma every time a Titanic 3D commercial airs. Excuse me while I tuck my pre-teen back in.
wow! Tell me Demetri isn't going?
haha I never burn cupcakes and THEY'RE PURPLE :D
Is #HRT going to make it to the grid with De La Rosa's car? Perhaps the first big question of the #F1 season
good for you! Get your workout on, honey cakes, LMAO :)
Tip #157: In HU NL play versus an agg opp you should limp your button more often. This opens up more plays in pos.
What do you thinkabout the hi # of transfers this yr?
- good thing he has trouble focusing on school work.
Thank You! Are there any internships available for students yet?
have a wonderfull day and be safe
RT : Bin Laden has been gone a year to the day.
There is nothing better than burning >250cal and sweating profusely to get the day going. #cardio #LAFitnessinthebasement #consistency?
you'll be glad to know I just registered us for several new sets of stemware and other various glasses, as well as ramekins.
For every single political issue in US, citizens are asked to donate money to fight the cause. Fed up with it. Totally fed up with it.
Time to go to the hospital.
I know that it will help!! WHO DEY!! let's get this lockout over with, and let's play some football!!
Just had a big bowl of Escarole and Beans made with fresh smoked bacon! Awesome!
Back to Had a 3-day break from Shawn T and digging deeper. Now onto my last two weeks and a thrilling finish!
Love doesn't always have to be such hard work
aw the little bunnies are so cute!! I personally like the purple 1! ;) thx for the discount!! much luv xx
My Son Is My Greatest Achievement !
well you're silly :P
I would never <U+E032>
Value yourself enough to choose to be with someone who wants you as much as you want them.
I vote this scheme forever be banned! No matter the outcome. Same for the ref uniforms. Both are terrible.
works for me!
Souljaboy get with me and let tour together Bro.
MAC celebrates Miami's Moms #macmoms w/
need to get 2 runs here and we are back in the game
It's perfect ice cream weather. Not too hot not too cold
Any teachers out there? RT : Would love a "beyond Google" research class. Help a girl out, #Philly!
Now they're saying the sports pack isn't even available at my new address...
Impeach Scott Walker. Support Wisconsin!
Is the season finale of House of Lies really this weekend?? Dammit. I feel like it just started.
all chips are good!
Tyler? Did you tell him you block Novak's shot? A lot of mocks have the Bucks grabbing him at 12.
How u gone b older than me still throwin temper tantrums grow tf up,
Can't believe servers crashed again. Glad I'm sitting these things out from now on.
funny you should say that. After googling haskell, the link I chose was for learnyouahaskell.com :)
how did he do it?
Lesson learned: Don't try to fit an IKEA wardrobe organizer into a ClosetMaid closet system. Frustrated.
Oh, and happy 234th birthday country o'mine!
RT GlRLTHINGS: Sometimes, I don't text you first because I don't want to feel like I'm annoying you.
If these fools are dogs then call me the animal abuser :) haha
but yet I see you having lots of fun!
IGOT MY NABOR ON TAPE BEATING ON HIS NABORS HOUSE WITH A BACEBALL BAT AND HES SAID NEXTIME HES NOT GOING TO COME PEACEFULLY DOYOU HERE THAT
thanks - just received my certification-proud to be a member of such a great organization!!!
Jus finished doing dreads,I knw it's strange but I had 2 do it.Any1 wit a heart wud step in I guess dats wut dey call
": Already helped me accomplish bday goal: "daww ur welcome
In the one year since I was licensed to practice in Illinois my first chair verdicts and settlements total $905,984.65.
Love how in "Harlem is Nowhere," the #library is a central cast member for the author, specifically the &
Let's go with "creepy."
Who wants to see LMFAO live in concert!? Know my HOT MESS of the week at 4pm and be caller 103! 766-1035
<------ FOLLOW THE ORIGINAL ' to the mahomies ' account! :-)
lmao did u see that HS pic I tweeted
It was a serious struggle to get up this morning. Womp
praying for ya sis
glad I'm not the only one. I'm sure I'll give in by 9:15 :)
My new tattoo is so sick!
Them idiots don't know past 65 our fingers and eyes work just fine.
Great responses today on 25th and St Paul! Cops came toward the end because of the kid who tagged me 3 times with a bibi gun! I am ok.
: taking another moment to congatulate you on your HOF induction. I'm sorry I could not be there in person.
"If you're gonna bring a laser pointer, you gotta have a cat" - words of wisdom from
Vanessa Hudgens must be hating her life after seeing Zac in this movie.
This is an argument in favor of the voice-operated home. My lamps would be triggered by invective, my alarm clock by threats.
#NoAssAtAll you better have money to make up for it.
aw, you're wonderful, ! thanks! what a great way to end my day :-)
Whats up man, you left us a message on Reverb.... Follow us so we can talk thanks... Orphanz™
keep hydrated as well
When will FM radios be able to be recorded like DVR? #Free! #Idea! i want to record/reverse and save shows or songs. Is this happening? 3112
20 MORE DAYS
#Brewers who were the packers at the game today?
Church is the new stage show where everyone can be in the play.
Sip until I spill it smoke it til its done
DEPENDING ON HOPE AND WISHING CAN BE A BAD CHOICE SOMETIMES !!!
Blues festival in Lebanon. Pretty cool event.
Wine Tasting in Temecula with my book club girls!
Omg I did not put that as my twitter name.....Tristan
I wish I could have a 14 month old. That first infant year is a killer. But does go so quickly. In a sleepless fog of wonder. ;)
Setting up near the Tech Petting Zoo at the Super Happy Block Party Hope the robots don't eat our ping pong balls.
I don't understand!
These tunes pumping out the Neubig speakers are phenomenal! :)
I'm so depressed that I'm not seeing Allstar Weekend at all.... Not even funny <|3
Yes and I HATE TEA CAKE, so why on Earth do the bots serve it to their guests!
Congrats! I know you helped us!
Happy sunday tweethearts!
Plain and simple answer! RT : body. lol
would love a ski adventure! RT : I'm thinking you & Raul need a Colorado snow adventure this year...
Even has a mile long line! People taking #cincodemayo really seriously!
thanks for liking my page.
absolutely dudes. can't wait. :)
wouldn't that just be cool?I'm sure one day there will be:) know the name of some good painters lol No. or So.Va?
Spread the butter wait why did I just say that im assuming your eating rolls rite now not that I would care wait I would care
RT: " STAYS making me proud to be an Oh So Fly Hermana <3"
I don't care how your workout was today.
Awful. Terrible loss. What a waste. This team has a lot of holes...
Is enjoying Miller High Life, and their donations to Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, IAVA. You should too!
That will go down as one of the greatest moments ever.
good to see you both and catch up a little Saturday. Great night.
Season/Home Opener!!!! GO HAWKS GO!!
Happy Groundhog Day! What's happening on #Larchmont today?
Tell your parents Ted Nugent is playing the New Daisy tomorrow. Watch their eyes light up.
anyone know of an open post office in phoenix? near zip 85050. thanks!
Making fun of the Buff kid for doubting god is not cool. There was absolutely nothing wrong w/ anything he said. Many ppl in the
Kiddo and I are half comatose on the couch...
looks like it could send a fax too
What is the difference between digital society and the one we live in? From Cullen Murphy at
You did great Sally! I just loved watching all of your videos - what fun!
You should live tweet the movie. Just to complete the hype.
when do you come home? I miss yahh! (:
looking like it is all over at Twickenham!!
The soul is born old but grows young. That is the comedy of life.
In your opinion which company consistently gets it wrong/makes bad decisions?
I need to learn how to study
I've gotta go, will be back on twitter later
Gonna crash tonight, exhausted
We have some great deals on #VIP- if you want to ask questions or book a table, please call 414.335.9569!
RT <U+2752> Single <U+2752> Taken <U+2714> I love my mom
good morning sunshine! I don't know if you were going or staying, but where ever you are, be safe and have fun(:
Happy birthday!
Tink deliberately thwarts the chain of command, gives false orders to try to assassinate Wendy. Banished for a week.
Protecting people are the main ideas behind safe gun storage.
Happy to serve you!
This is why I love you!<3. (NH)
Off Top and I'm sorry to disappoint you lol but I didn't get an A on the test I got B+ tho that test was hard as hell tho
sigh. i love you too. but. ugh. i don't even know. text me please?
oh alright then you have fun xD
them was the days
“: The only thing that will get me through writing an entire news cast is matchbox twenty's pandora station” attagirl
The Hernando, MS has to be the suckiest one on the planet.
“: l get butterflies when i feel your touch <3”
They playing poppin on wgci as a throwback jam lol i heard this song in a while
and it's not missing you.
pick me please :-)
About 4 years ago, #localgov CEx's started to see a trend in emails direct from Ministers - why do they always arrive at 4.30 on Fridays?
That's great! Disneyland definitely is one of our favorite places! There is always electricity and magic in the air!
I'm a Mike Miller fan. You have to love shooters.
hahah riding deep in the Kia!
how my teacher, teaches us it is only some parts aren't
Like a gun slinger!
lol what's up? Finals been keep you busy? :)
I hate you guys, one day Chick-Fil-A will come to Oregon and then I will rule the world!
ah, it's so nice to have a home on Christmas.
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mommies out there!
Can't believe actually made it <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
#umami paste just arrived. Anyone out there have cooking suggestions? Can I use in #chili?
Thank you so much for your kind words. I am just worried about labs being closed in Nov-Dec, and delaying a potential IVF.
haha! "do your research" ..hilarious! I'm on it! :)
Dear , shush it. Lol
Come see us before the game!
watching for it as well, but don't think it will have anything to do with race
": Due tomorrow = Do tomorrow" story of my life -____-
Happy Birthday. I love GetFlow.
it was so very disappointing. And I went in wanting to love it!
working across party lines, less partisan/political football, cutting out the gamesmanship, and doing your work on time!
Oh jeez, how does that happen?!
Yeah, he looks like it. He doesn't need to do all that much for me!
Is she pretty?RT : i know what she really looks like!
That looks amazing!
feminine fellas will throw a monkey wrench n some shit
Real nigga shit ball out here try my best to keep my starting pos
Welcome New Followers!! Sat Morning Shoutout!
yay! Anxiously waiting for my gold card! Within a week Im already more than halfway to my free drink!!
Thanks for the message. Happy to follow. I have some projects w/ close ties to China. Looking forward to learning from you.
Hi Manuela,I love you on Price Is Right. You ar sp cute and sweet. :)
WHAT TYPE OF FOUL WAS THAT.
people outside the mall asking if they can serenade you for some change.. okay!
Badger game today! Wouldn’t some tacos make the game that much better?
rechargeable batteries.
Good morning! I hope everyone had a great weekend and all the mommies had a Happy Mother's Day :) Come get a healthy SUBWAY breakfast!
I hate my third period so much. -____- I dont even wanna go.
My big brothers music is rubbing off on me..its weird.. I like good music now, not shitty mainstream music..yayay
Have a great weekend!
New: Foie Gras Oysters sauteed, with quail egg sunny side up and a white truffle balsamic reduction.
We'll know the future of the Farmers Market Building in Sherman Heights in about 1hr 30 mins.
nowhere now it done got cold. Lol
yeah I was doing okay, but I've become pretty distracted as the nights gone on
what do you look like I'll give u a shout out If I make it on X factor ! :)
We're all gonna get matching tattoos that say "Dirty Chai Life" in Papyrus.
that moment you realize McGee from NCIS is Zachary binx from Hocus Pocus.
Woo Hoo I won tickets from Sprint to the Nascar Race on Sunday ... First Good Luck I have had in weeks maybe the cards will follow as well.
glad you made it home...Spidey misses Jordini. You can come back if you want to look at a pretty tree!
“: My hometown station just announced my summer concert with ..venue is right by my house. BBQ batches!
EXLIBRIS-L: A great forum for those of us who hate answering the actual question asked.
I was having such a good day until this
Thanks for RTing our blog post!
I cant stop laughing at Countess LuAnn
naw but you trying be down ?!
Figured. If you need someone to watch your back up here, I always give the Corporate Discount to people who were good to me!
ICarly!! I Go One Direction!!
you have been very quiet lately.....
So when my brother can't find mother's day cards, he buys my mom a Mexican graduation card, a fiber one bar & a mother's day balloon <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Made Mexican Chocolate Brownies tonight, such a good idea. Don't know why the idea never occurred to me before.
“: Thank you for just referring to a car as a "music studio", that just made my night and sums up everyone's lives.” :)
Tune in! Jo Koy on 97.9fm Hilarious stuff! RT : West Palm Beach, FL: I am up early and about to be on
Thanks for the RT, Ryan. It is much appreciated:)
what about me lol
Don't get into trouble. Take our Shuttle.
A very strong day reaching everyone's studliest goals. We are on pace to make the 1,000,000 point challenge. Keep up the good work!
if you build it, I will come. ;-)
Blount with a HUGE run. Gains 30 yards bouncing to the right side and then over a DB.
their proceeds back into local communities/non-profits, etc (i.e. companies like Better World Books).
Do it
LIAM WHATEVER YOU DO... DO NOT HAVE YOUR TWITCAM WHILE I AM AT SCHOOL!
It's almost Summer... Of Punk 3. Yes! Yes! Yes!
hanging out today with Jacob, Jocelyn, and Kyle was one huge wild party. :) Today was fun but school tomorrow? no thank you..
follow me bck
SKINNY NIGGA but im tat tat tatted UP!!!!! {FOLLOW ME} If u have tatz lolz
Its a nice day out...ill be done around 4 :D
whats on the agenda:Challenges facing Public Pension Plans: past, present and future
yep. I know. But so true.
FOLLOWING SOME FOLLOWERS OF =)
I just auditioned last week for In Plain Sight...what's your favorite thing about the show?
"If you can keep your head when all about you Are losing theirs and blaming it on you; If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you"
Two Asian ladies cooking something I don't recognize but it smells good.
who called you?
"I like high 5s. Wanna know why? Cuz they're consensual." -overheard at NAU
but baby it's cold outside ...
i hate those so called friends that talk shit behind your back.
Causin' a commotion ... I hope you find what yer lookin' for ... We're wastin' time -- make up yer mind and get into the groove!
how can you yell?
Why this 30+ yr old lady in the restaurant acting like she 16...
Thanks for the follow !
Up now, Florida Virtual Schools' Holly Sagues
u close thursday? RT : It's official. Daisuke Matsuzaka will pitch for Pawtucket Thursday night in Durham.
I'd like to see a tv series about the menagerie of Hippolytus Medici. Intrigue! Desperation! Linguistic confusion!
I'll be singing for for their awareness event at Grace United Methodist downtown tomorrow 19th 6:00!! Come on out!
what a shame that Seth is leaving...SMH
i get annoyed when you fakes spam my mentions get the fuck out my mentions -_-
was I invited to VC?
Nice work on the #IgniteBaltimore webcast last night
RT <U+2766> "When the POWER OF LOVE overcomes the Love of Power, the World will know... P E A C E" ~Jimi Hendrix
thanks for the links. I am trying to figure out how schools that are in the middle obtain technology.
#idol - Joshua made a good song choice. It was smooth for the most part but got a bit screamy at the end.
when someone can't fight their own fights <<<<<<<
Haha, I was running 60, I'm sorry that I wasn't going 90 like you ma'am!! You slow down tomorrow! Now I shall sleep! Night!
RT : Putting off a decision IS a decision, a decision to do nothing. Seldom does doing nothing produce something worthwhile.
Congrats to on their Victory over Loyola. Pride & Poise!!
agreed, travel for work a lot, so I have lots of people watching experience.
In the process of moving for the 3rd time in two yrs.
Q1 is now underway yeah. Those nectar points are more important though!!
Good morning, twitter! Skip Bayless just called Shaq...Shakira O'Neal!!! Totally funny and took me by surprise tis morning.
getting an hdmi cable to watch movies on my tv instead of my laptop >
Reading the papaer at work. I am so busy!
oh my goodness! Arbogeddon?
Iverson was never better than Kobe though..
All the credit for the past tweet goes to (but it is a great book!)
Madonna's new album is titled, 'MDNA' Will it be genetics themed, or an EDM album produced by Skrillex?
Where in Arkansas and Oklahoma do you have ties?
Just finished working on a music video with our lovely blue Monster puppet Fritz. I am sure he is gonna break hearts ;)
with most of the crew today.
looking nice fellas
Its the journey, not the destionation : )
on the way to the lab...workin on the key 2 success volume 2.......free my dawg jamesjo
I'm #graduating today!!!
What ever you fear most, lean into it. It has not 1/10 the power of your light. It will surely topple. xxoo
Speaking of Madonna, got #mdna in the mail yesterday....mega snaps
The f*ck w/ #whataburger, the AT&T Center needs an In-N-Out in their arena...
BTW east coasters, I'm not insensitive. I'm just snarky.
When gets the balls to invite me to sing karaoke sometime, her and the lives of all MKE Alehouse patrons will never be the same.
Thank you for your kind words and thoughts. They're truly appreciated.
good camp suggestions. Is a small camera ok to bring?
what I miss trek?
Beautiful- Eminem on replay. <3
Thank you for the follow, I appreciate your support and wish you well in yours as well =) ps, your tweets make me laugh
Nine players w/in two shots of the lead!
Anyone interested in SoundersFC seats for next week's LA Galaxy Match? I have six seats for sale four rows from the field...
Currently recording. Come see us play with this Friday night!
Im so fucking tired.... grrrr I so dont feel like working
Off to the C3 Breakfast Dialog this morning. Discussing South Embarcadero (UT Stadium Plan). Please say Hi if you see me...
UNICEF is hiring a Rails developer. Way to go Rails.
Meeting w my accountant in a few hours... Goodnight and goodbye weekend.
. Hmm. That's a good idea. You've inspired us to hold a Twitter contest tomorrow! Stay tuned...
Great to meet you, too!
I live Nick's shyness when he talks about girls... Ah! :D
a person is like a book a can throw u away
those are some anti-archival high acid materials. Just had a glass of 07 Dilemme CDJ which I will pair with a nap.
You know you're a fanboy when bar graphs on CNBC remind you of partials on Operator.
holy moley!! Even the black ones? If so, I've got nothing :-/
Finding all sorts of people I can think of on here..im liking this so far
SO TRUE! Thanks for the reminder (as I chug my coffee this morning).
like may 25thish but then i'm going to the mrytal beach for a week, so beginning of june i'd say.. or around the 3rd
Went to the Bellevue Chamber yesterday. That group has great energy.
I hope everyone got out and voted today! The past year speaks volumes to how important it is to vote for who represents your beliefs.
I take that back. Hibbert sucks tonight.
so many of my questions about keyword searching of the Shoah video archives have been answered.
62" degrees today Milwaukee
saw reunion. You are mean.
I gotta be honest, I'm sexist when it comes to Pokémon. x) I don't want a girl Pokémon that looks like a boy one, and vise versa :p
Im giving the answer soon
Free show tonight! Blue Star Creeper & friends, starting soon. Come on down, the Super Moon compels you...
RT : Video: Crosby Kemper I joins Gov Nixon's Civil War Commission & talks about Missouri's role in the CW....
It's DAY TWO of the biggest Beach Bash in Wrigleyville! Shipwrecked at the CMC $25 OPEN Bar & Food Buffet 3-7PM during Lake View Music Fest!
Sometimes you just gotta get down to business.
Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good! His faithful love endures forever. Psalm 106:1
Ahh! #JaneEyre is trending! Hurrah! For free access to selected articles on JE go to www.maney.co.uk/journals/bst & click on 'top articles'
GOING TO THE BIG TIME RUSH CD SIGNING IN NATICK SATURDAY!!! OMFG I am so fuckin excited!!! i can't wait to meet them!!! :D
Rickey Heads to Atlanta Motor Speedway tomorrow leaving behind many fans and friends in Daytona, Symarna, St Cloud, Florida come see us!
Arizona man shoots penis, check our web page under US & World News -- Baldinger
thank you love!!! Means a lot
Friday Flood Tip: Remove as much water as possible by mopping and blotting.
Damn looks like trouble in #Heat land
i had tears in my eyes. Because actually that it so true. I feel sad. But on the other hand I feel happy about J
So, this is happening.
#NowPlaying. De'Angelo. Untitled (How Does It Feel).
Pat Robertson your true colors have been exposed.
Roses R red,violets R blue,u actually thought id cry over u?I told u i loved u & u believed it was true so guess what playa?u got played too
Waiting till last minute to book travel over next few weeks. 7pm on a Friday in office is only time. Party on Wayne......
Affairs are best prevented by having a strong marital-friendship. Truly listen to your partner.
One in every 4 Americans has appeared on television.
ha ha ha I survived lol. They are home tucked away. I miss them :-(
just went on a jog w Chandra. It was a blast! Had great chat about relationships w God! How was workout w Sarver?
lame response :P
also rising from dead this morning. Rocky vs. Clubber Lang tomorrow night. KD and Westbrook, we need to bring it.
yes 3/21 Lamplighter Lounge They are great!
And, damnit, it's not illegal to release movies not based on comic/boardgame/amusement park ride franchises.
how you worried bout anotha nigga whn you got me smh... Game for lames 101
sorry , I meant
: Mr Ben Cohen, Mr Jerry Greenfield, I thank you for combine 2 of my favorite desserts. Ice cream and Boston Creme Pie.
In the OB waiting room. So exhausted I could take a nap right here.
When will the "fall weather snap" get here? I'm kinda itchin for the crispness of fall weather...
Very Excited to have Maya Saad Joining the Production Team!
what's ur number
Have a great happy new year! Have tons of fun but most important be safe!!!
Happy Easter weekend from ! #EllenRTme day 153
rogue crafts writer!
Congrats to JAMS major Stephanie Obst on being named Miss Milwaukee 2012!
Calling it a night.
At my daughter's 5th grade graduation. She is growing up too fast.
Kinda looks like the NHL's asking for a lockout, doesn't it? And for the life of me, I don't know why.
Agreed. I'd like to see more nuanced choices to account for that personal currency, similar to creative commons in copyright.
Do your good deed for the day and spread the word about Hit Man to Hero. Help #EndSlavery!
My muse is last-minute panic.
Disappointed with Lloyd cd.
I always wondered by the Verizon center promotes Groupon when Living Social HQ is right across the street
nope just Kate and Sal
yeah I don't get how kids are in the position that this can happen
Had the crazy tarot card reading yesterday...!
I'm pissed
She better be if she is the president of the alumni assoc!!!
:) It's Friday? Then you're way over my head for a Friday.
Loving my new hair!
My son is going through his first day of Basic Training (Air Force). Proud mama here! :) Go Mitchell!
Need some Dr Pepper asap. (haven't had any in like 8 wks- boo). My to do's before heading south tomorrow are long. ;)
I love the freeze dance QuiltDad! Is this at your library? Library storytime rocks! Hooray for you!
You sat on the gory side! RT Ran into at a show.
LTI looks very good as a way to integrate 3rd party tools into Moodle - language agnostic (MD "could be ruby"):-) a/o between LMS
ESPN radio during SSR in English... Oh yeah...
Thanks for the mentions today. My quiet little site has seen its most action today.
Happy #Friday everyone! What's on the docket in #Milwaukee this weekend? If you're not sure check out some great events from...
i loved them all. just make sure you know what you're about to read ;)
Wow. At home with nothing pressing to do for the first time in I don't even know.
Power went out at school!
Not having to say my order at yellow vendor because I go so frequently
Hell of a game
Happy 21st Birthday Sam Clement "Ham"!!!
What did WFAN's Mike Francesa say about Tweeting? That it should be illegal? Hey Mike - fail. EPIC fail. You are so out of touch
what happened!?
#WarOnAmerica RT It's not just Catholics. RT : it's War on Catholics, but nobody's saying so
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 30
Ha! Owner of The Ballroom just dropped by my social media production office ~ he's stuck here all day after forgetting keys in Minneapolis!
Friday night listening to #Streisand #Broadway #Pandora radio while reading about collective memory. Pretty G.
Huh..? Aha
I'll tell you what Little Richard likes...Little Richard's
Studio been running all day. Sonny Money Just killed it. Young Doe getting in the booth now. And Big Blake in a few hours...
Welcome to the BBN !!
HA! Good call, my apologies. :) RT : I never want to hear the words "meaty spider" and "egg sack" ever again. Not ever.
Congrats Mayor lol
All molesters should be castrated and there should be cameras at every school in every classroom #ProtectOurKids - XavierLT.com
Without blood?! That's crazy! Amazing that she survived.
Going to lunch with my mom and stepdad for Mother's Day is THE PERFECT start to my day!
#itsawkwardwhen you fall asleep on you date, at a fancy restaurant, that's crowded *maybe that's why he never asked me out again*
stay gettin busy on the dance floor lmao
What's the "thin thing?"
Lots of fun, I can't wait. Hope to see you both there. Cheers!
it's like freaking out over a famous guy (;
oh I want to go swimming..
Drinks then movies after work!
It's official, spring cleaning mode is on. Have you scheduled your driveway and garage cleaning yet?
He wanna speak to my ma now. Oh Lawd
Very exciting! Keep us posted on Monte's progress!
I wish I wasn't so tall. That way I wouldn't always hit my head off of door frames like now.
thank you Dalny :) its Michele!
End your perfect first day of Spring with us, at an awesome rock show and dance party at RRB starting at 9:30 tonight!
the Mask Mamba needs a new one with super powers horrible lost last two nights
Missouri is...the Show-Me state! Plus, It maintains the icy wall that protects us from white walkers!
I love my fans hella tough.
let us know what you think, looking forward to having you.
VW Golf Review - Recombu
I hate that #svu and #revenge is on at the same time
wow u r so quick,good morning darling
Still makes sense and thanks! In grading mode myself, so unless you're a student I'm paying little attention to grammar today.
Mega Mondays Up Elevated Lounge. Tasty Tapas and divine drink specials.. ...
I am watching Betty White's show for the first time. Dying of laughter right now!
We've all had foot-in-mouth moments via text, but this gem on Gawker has to be one of the douchiest examples.Essentially, a dude goes out
does that mean your getting knocked up???
can u send me the link one more time, cuz i can't open this one)
Delia: this would be a tremendous backslide. The majority of students are capable of achieving regular standards and being successful.
aw that sounds nice :)
Huge shout out to BFF for bringing the music back! Thanks for the headphones...NYC has its beat back!
Thanks very much , means a lot.
still being a creep on chatroulette with aunt Naye? Hahaha penis penis penis <U+E409>
Today I have an overwhelming urge to see the Avengers...Do you think my employer would notice if I took a ~2 hour lunch break?
Finishing touches to t- design today then submitting.
this is the second show about pizza... it's a sign
Entering the green room for Ebooks and the Library User Experience at #ebooksummit--starts at 3 pm. See you there.
#MaleModelMonday shout out to -- Happy Monday!
I bet Tony G. wanna be back in KC now lol. Don't look too promising to get a playoff win with "Matty Ice" Won't be shocked for return to KC
Heatles might have been better off in the fourth quarter with a lineup of John, Paul, Ringo and George.
If we apply now and are fortunate enough to get accepted, when does the next session start?
Is Dumb And Dumber a respectable film? haha
thanks! Can't wait!! How your semester finish!!?
isn't that a violation of some sort?
My bulbs are popping up! There's hope yet for spring in Cleveland.
sucker for love
That just blew me...
Hey man, Here is my pin 325772D5 how can I help you?
Oh yeah! Thats dirty! RT : booked flights to SD october for mud run. How Dirty is that!!!
Lookout for doing an interview about our blog soon!
Happy planting ; ) VA needs more acres under vine. “: We're planting petite verdot, merlot, cab franc today”
bets that the first guy to ever dress up as a clown was really creepy.
James Brown. ALL DAY
Sign up to the e-newsletters in the "ABOUT" page and get the KP PR details on events and raffles.
I've had it with dead white guys!
Last full week of school. Crazy.
May your neighbors respect you, trouble neglect you, angels protect you, and heaven accept you =)
Leprechaun marathon ...=)
very cute!!
“: I think the only thing all of NYC agrees on, is that Staten Island is irrelevant. Even SI agrees” We don't count b. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088>
You're welcome.
Listening to pcasts by news instead of NPR. Not thrilling, but more challenging than DK history/trivia programs.
WOW what a weird 1st round. Indiana advanced, Chicago eliminated, and The Boston Mummies knocked out Hotlanta.
It's a glorious day on the boat in SF Bay.
Extending my spring break by being sick on the first day back... thanks for the advice
Castle Redmond says Oakland school cut suspensions by 87%
Thank you! :)
you're welcome? I think? Haha. Okay! Changing the subject!
Congratulations to Bevan & Matt of Paragon Restaurant & Bar SF for passing their Level 1 Sommelier Exam. Cheers!
Saw someone taking a family photo in front of the new Walmart. They don't get out much...
I don't think my mom understand the "my throat hurts" concept because she keeps calling.
Thanks! I hope you like 'em.
I had been told that the training procedure with cats was difficult. It's not. Mine had me trained in two days. - Bill Dana
folding laundry is one of the most annoying things in the world.
hey! where have you been? you are missing out on a ton at the fellowship!
The influence of the iPad in special education is remarkable: 46% of users access our app from an iPad!
Soony's not there
Had a great workout today at the gym. This week I'm training with my trainer 3 straight days. Gotta switch it up!!
I need professional help. I get an email about a new scanner debuting at #ala11 and why did I get excited; considering I'm building one.
...and Mike Perkins is back again on Jan 29. Stay tuned for a SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT for new Thursday nights! And more shows announced soon.
Dreaming of white sand beaches and warm weather...
What math is it?
How are you?
You aren't lame.. Its just nobody likes you.. hahaha #justkidding :p
Just learned more about plan to "make attendance count everyday!" The photo banners w/ youth quotes look great.
Thx for the shout our and follow
so ur leaving Wednesday around 9?
I knew it, I just knew you had too. You couldn't even resist.
Hi sexy mami! I just wanted to say im a big fan of yours & i LOVE your work XOXO
Duck Sausage with Apple Brandy today!
My apologies, redeye caught up to me, am crashing out. Tomorrow perhaps?
just did it lol :)
Like a gunslinger, I do what I do for the money and the respect.
#WHSummit Dept of labor wants to dismantle the barriers in access to the federal assistance programs.
youve been saying you love me for how long.. ? hahaha joke.
No argument there.
thank goodness i found my sim card... i've would of been sleep!
I lovee too :)
Anyone by the Abbey Pub, in chicago?
No, you are not.
Last night's roaming party was insane.... sleeping now. G'night Owls...
S/o to my grandma for going ham on the birthday song lol
The guy next to me is really annoying.
man, is everyone done with finals before me? RT if you aren't done til friday.
Stoked! We're driving from #rva RT : Tonight we've got & ! Doors at 7.
This has been an absolutely wonderful Spring collection reception!!! Almost completely sold out :) loving our new Pinterest clients!
I lost count! But I do have a larger mug today. LOL!
haha...no sir. dont see us running any deals that cause you to wear bandages.
Been cleaning fish tanks and such most of the day!
Stop having a cheap praise! Worship is not separate from sacrifice.
Yep... still don't give a shit about a smartwatch because it's still a watch.
A garage sale is a quick way to make a few bucks... And to teach you never to pay retail again.
the measure of love, is to love without measure. <U+E329>
What's up with the lack of love for Josh Smith of the Hawks? He has been called childish, but the dude is playing hard every night!
Thanks for your time, if you ever have any need for secondary market services can help :)
What's the best fun to stay up before #iMac?
I think he used to work for #shamwow RT : has even more energy
h-o-t! :) RT : We r officially headed to ATL in July 4 ! Cant wait 2 see you! Will it b hot?
HOW DO YOU KNOW THIS?! Are you for sure this time?!! :O :O
#ghettocrayolacolors "I swear officer BROWN"
online collections #mw2012 really see a cultural divide betw insttns/ppl that want to share, & those that want to curate. few do both.
lmao of course u would
so.. aren't there women who want to only hire/surround themselves with the good looking, strapping-young men?
Liking a Facebook status that is clearly about you, because you're a fearless bastard.
that happened to me yesterday with strawberries. What a disappointment.
Don't take little details for granted
Fifth Quarter in Cincinnati: Not your mother's summer school: And here's the best part - it's actually fun. Fifth Quarter isn't the r...
You don't want this #Eagles d-line to enter into full pass rush mode...might be a long night for
Factors were very important during colonial exploration in providing capital for foreign trade.
As authors and experts we should keep up to date on colleagues and competition, but we need creative input to maintain our creative output.
What's good twitter world?! Lol
yeah, why?
I stopped talking to you so you would miss me, but in the end, I’m the one missing you more than ever.
I hope you have something coming regarding since you really in the hood.
K, sent. thanx
The world is fucked up
Water rights among other current issues require advocacy such that the Worcester Sovereignty Project can provide. -John Echohawk
I wish I had an Anonymous Box :): O the things that would be in ther ;)
"He's not a priest I'd play golf with"-the nicest quote about a bad man from the doc. "Deliver Us From Evil"
On a plane destine for OKC I blame
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Eleanor Roosevelt
A&A is proud to welcome actor, stand-up comedian and long time cast member Darrell Hammond to our Celebrity Advisory Board.
Founder, , enjoyed speaking to the today abt thriving w/ learning disabilities! Thanks for the opportunity!
What's your favorite thing to do on Sunday?
D'awww, thank you! I'd gotten stressed with blogging as an actual job and forgot that I do TAA for MYSELF (and you, too!) :-P
Our menu has these friendly items: Vegetarian • Vegan • Atkins Friendly • 590 Calories Or Less • Gluten Free Weight Watchers Friendly
Don't forget February Freebie Friday ends this Friday the 24th. Enter now!!
Jesus' death on the Cross and His resurrection paved the way for me to have a new life - one that is complete in Him!
I'm a little behind. Jan 12 NYTimes had no #Haiti article? Really? Only a link to pics online. Someone tell me I'm missing something.
True. My thoughts also. But that app is no big deal.
It's the weekend! Everyone have a safe and fun St. Patrick's Day tomorrow!!!
Hey beautiful girl
that wasn't me!! I would never say that!
Good question! That better make the radio broadcast RT : Could you jump rope like this back in your day?
walking to lowes for a field trip
and the stoned.
Be thankful for hard times in your life. Try not to look at them as bad things, but as opportunities to grow and learn
ok. Its a DM date lolz
ikr! We did what we can!
Why is landscaping crew at Waldstein Park during green Dog hours?
Absolutely! We do our famous Cougars and Cubs Ball every 1st Friday of the Month! Thanks for coming and Boogie on Bridget!!!!
Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction.
Ls. scaups, no. pintails, Am. wigeons. Those were in Bay Area until recently, wonder if any from Heron's Head included. (re previous tweet)
Hawks 3-2 craw with 32 saves. Keith time on ice 28 minutes
So I hear the new TDKR trailer will be attached to next week's The Avengers US release. Almost more excited about the trailer than avengers.
oh, good luck with that..haha. I was vegan last summer. But now I'm just vegetarian ;-)
Yes! Learning grammer in french has helped me with my english too.
I think I shall be very happy when it is Wednesday.
RT : Our 2nd National Summit on Quality in Home Visiting Programs begins this week.
Assisted by Guardado with a cross following a corner.
#IHMITA fact The Legends Ball is an after-five dinner event honoring leaders in ministry &the music community.
me too!!! Was ready to break out the shorts & tank tops, lol
Larry Bird & Dirk are two of the greatest shooters of all-time. They're also both white. Let's compare them!
RT : Students need to be allowed to explore in a safe environ. without fear that mistakes will effect their "grade"
Foodstamps dont buy as much crack as they used to
do you do film scores?
I'm a teenager. My music will tell you more about me than my mouth ever could.
I don't think I Am the Walrus is good on any mix to be honest. It just throws everything off. Too many theme songs too.
do you think you will ever FOLLoW me?? It will mean so much to me man!!
SCANNER: Car has struck the bridge under the off-ramp of eastbound I-70 at Colfax. Rescuers en route.
yeah I read somewhere that it's not all...but I may have read some invalid info...lol
well at least i got to keep my zodiactical sign...i'm still in the brotherhooded order of the arrow wielding horse/man hybrid..
2 hours until the Final Four games tip off - who's your pick to win it all this year??
I bet is hoarding it all at his secret sweatshop!
Fab u killed it wit that track I ain't gone lie I dropped 1 2 it kuz I feel ya. Ya momz in heaven smilin at ya, may she rest well
Thursday would rock! Same bat time, same bat channel?
I know right? Kinda adds some flavor to my car
Why would anyone create a PDF form and not make it editable? Who prints things anymore?
Just started my first college app! I haven't been this excited in a long time :)))
DS: If you want to become a Head Coach in the NFL, come to Baltimore as a Defensive Coordinator first. Ray Lewis will get you that job.
kicked outta here? shoestring says....I'M Afraid Not!
My friends are crazy, I really love them.
I even competed hard while injured as a true freshman through the last (8) games in 2009, but I always played the game giving it my all.
It's really annoying when a cop blows through a stop sign or red light w/o their sirens on. Should be setting an example.
I dont want to leave
that's ridiculous. All they would have had to do was call me up there if my kid was acting out.
How do you get fans to be activists off of Facebook?
i admire you for talking about the difficult stuff. sending you love x
and you just now tell me
RT : Going Strong at May Day Tmrw with and S/O To Everybody Attending!
Thanks for the RT yesterday!
Not really. Both stigmatized/oppressed; not right either way. Don't think we're out-oppressing, just speaking to our identities.
You bet! I got a cookie! (Thanks to ?)
Thanks for the RT!
Excited to see what comes out of the NYC hackathon this weekend!
": Who's gonna love you the way I do? NOBODY!!"
My friend got kicked out of her house \:
Sunflower Wildfire Update: ±14,465 ac, ±15% contained. Activity slowing, reaching old Willow Fire burn area. Burnout continues
so do I
How do you spell inspiration? J-U-S-T-I-N B-I-E-B-E-R(:
I love this movie #AllAboutSteve with #BradleyCooper. Yum. This man has the most beautiful smile. <U+2665> Heavy sigh...
oh no! Feel better. Alka seltzer!
RT : Anyone have links to student-created stop-motion videos?
I thought I could trust you who'd of thought......
Tapestry deadline is tomorrow!!! Submissions have been pouring in. Bring your work to room 176!
... and that, dear friends, is why you run market analysis before you create something sacred.
they looked great. hope you're doing well.
Great House Party opportunity! #HouseHuntersParty Crossing my fingers! It would be awesome!
nope, write as many dirty words as you like.
GOOD MORNING GOOD MORNING=)
RT : Thank u houston for making bombon so much fun. We literally do this out of love ... Puttin it down for our city.
Wow.. I didn't know iPods were rocket science... #geez!
Its a beautiful day for sports
cuts to SS and medicare. impeachment time? Nah, full time revolt is overdue!
Hated it ..still wanted luke,who doubled in his last AB to hit.RT : what did you think of ph for Lucroy?
I Like this idea.
like why can't you wait till I get my whip back
lol...y u say that?
Raiders, move back to LA so we could at least see them on TV in Oakland! Al Davis = wicked witch of the west! Ding dong already!
The Thing 2011 was a perfectly decent movie. Similar to Carpenter's movie but it had some new stuff. FX was not as bad as I had heard.
Any way to get in on the country music video? I've played drums in a few.
Vancouver wow
I think fablous girlfriend is so pretty but she needa find a man thats gone really treat her right cause fab do her so dirty. smh
: anyone tried the "news dot me" ipad app from Bitly? I'm mid-way through my free trial and on the fence about whether I'll convert to paid.
Keg-stand time here at the White House for #OccupyTequila...first up...Justice Sotomayor....
thank you. You too. (:
1st of 10 straight weekends working...
Yall About To Get Walked
Event planning skills was put to good use :) successful wine party. Thank you girls for coming out last night!
Need to get back on my twitter game
No Call No Show No Surprise!
total bummer. so disappointed.
IAFF General President Harold Schaitberger will be speaking at the PFFU Convention Friday April 22 at 10:00am. www.pffu2011.com
I think I have her number .. Does it cost money to text her of you have unlimited texting ?
"Why are there so many -NTJ women in this room??" "Oh, we are all here to watch Caprica." Except there are no more episodes till Fall. :(
Truthfully I Wish I Had Lied More, Cause When I Was True All I Heard Was Bye More, #FuckYou ! </3 But #ILoveYou ! <3 Damn I'm So #Confused !
I love my work…wrote this in case my boss is reading my tweets.
Making Moves!! Review of coming soon. Summer shows announced at in Boston and foundation room!
I blocked the app a few months ago.
the infamous pyramids
I'm in need of some retail therapy.
Not a fan of New England pro-sports teams
Dear Haters, If you're talking behind my back, you're in a good position to kiss my ass.
going through old stuff is the best. <3
Why couldn't it be next week?
you look pregnant, stop fucking with soo many dudes girl respect your body damn my nigga
RT " starting to look like a bloodbath on dane county races." Commonsense and education winning out in Dane tonight!
Peace, love, and RGIII
The Omega Effect, Part 3 - Comic Vine
You too Laura.
Today is student worker appreciation day at my library, which means there's cake!
Leaving for Aruba in LESS than 5 days
What would it take for you to pay hundreds for a hotdog? World's most expensive dog coming up on
I need constant reassurance!
Looks like has been hacked. :-(
So happy theres no school tomorrow.
Love prospers when a fault is forgiven...Let your Love prosper above ALL..when you forgive others.
yea, he almost had me thinkin "this is a mans world" then the song went off lol....I'm done
Lol either way, congratulations on making it to the finals.
Putting together a press kit and sending beats over for them to scout as we speak! Pretty much.. The call went fucking awesome.
Love Me Tender was cut from the show, so I don't have that.
Insert immature tweet about my life here.
merry christmas and a happy new honeymoon! yay for booking!
Got hammered with mom up in the burbs. Now on the Metra, giggling, finta meet my brother. NP John Lee Hooker - The Cream. God dog.
so much to do.. so little time
Why buy anywhere else???
Keep peace of mind in your space homie!
TONIGHT WERE GETTING FUCKED UP !!!
Watching The Princess Diaries.. Reminds me of when I saw Rooney live!
I love my grandma <U+2661>
Good morning! Join us today for Group Reformer and Pulse Barre at 8:30
El Paso crowd tailgating behind the convention center were are ready for the game
Wild thing
(Refreshments will be served at the GSO meeting today) Raynor Study Rm D, 1-2pm
pizza pizza pizza
Are you a research professional or a professional who does research? Our research suggests most of us are tasked with research regularly.
haha you're cute :) guess we ain't ever dating lmfbo.
Come to the + APA drinks tonight @ Library Bar to talk tech, urbanism, interventions + more
When I Miss You, I Re-Read Our Old Conversations & Smile Like An Idiot :)
It's so hot today .
The craft.
Are WE having FUN yet??
K, folks. I understand morning Metro transit can be crowded, but, if you REMOVE yer BACKPACK we could prevent many unpleasantries.
It may not look like Spring outside but its time for that Spring make over.
It doesn't really feel like Christmas. Where is the snow?
Oatmeal cookies are the best o_o <3
just relate individual records to forwarding info and you're set, right?
" is that a play on seau, like "say owwww"?" // YES.
Ok in less than 24hrs Elegant Nights kicks off!! Make sure your friends follow us for $5 grand opening admission! Only $10 ALL night!
yard signs work! :) absolutely! We have some in our PKE showroom or has some too.
My golf swing is getting better. I think...for now...maybe...we'll see.
OMG...Diane Sawyer almost apologizing & supporting John Edwards...Edwards is a pig & a liar...he should do prison time!
great news Congrats !
call Brevard Health Dept. at (321) 637-7300 for a free appointment
We deserve to lose this game by double-digits. Pissed away every single opportunity.
Or hidden behind the giant pile of American Girl dolls.
Haha thanks—it's a little dated now, though… needs an update pretty soon. Let's catch up soon!
And I give him the praise!
HACKED! Thank you all 4 alerting me!! Tweet Police are on the job! Can u please forward stuff sent under my account?
<U+200E>"Even in the dark, baby ima shine bright"
Yes! I can see it on the horizon! RT : Almost time for your nap. : P
hahahahahaha. When I first heard about 1D I thought that Harry and Jake T. Austin looked alike lol :)
Secrets 2 Bldg Relationships w/Public Agencies: "Get certified and registered as a small biz." Grt advice! #sdp2p cont.
Yep, personnel & processes mired in the past are no good for anything beyond incremental (and sometimes not even that)
I know! You seriously need to road trip! RT : Haha I wish I could just go to them... :/
Getting a new computer is both a blessing and a curse...
Lord, Creator God, How I long to keep your Sabbath and reverence your holy spaces, and that your Word would prevail always in all things.
Philip Humber throws a perfect game!
": People who listen to their imagination, instead of ignoring it, have a much more fulfilling life"
Who's Ready 4 some PACKER FOOTBALL?
Our troops more info #navy #seals #mil #sot #tcot check it out links courtesy of
There is enough energy wasted in poker to make a hundred thousand successful men every year.
Tweets of accounts I follow are not showing up on time (i.e., they are all hours old and even "new" tweets are 1+ hours old).
RT All dese girls wanna hit the gym all of a sudden... dey tryna get right 4 memorial weekend • already knoww!
i should !! lol
*doubles over*
Here come the public speakers. I imagine the board will get some love at this point.
Hey lil bit, I haven't seen you in 4ever. Keep up the good work luv!
Bryan Dodge, nationally recognized leadership speaker, to speak during WWVC Leadership Institute on the evening of October 14!
The princess bride
when will u be coming back to new york?! i love ya :*
Good morning from LA *taps screen, waiving* time to go to what most call work. I'm fortunate enough to call it fun ;-)
Lunch: Wasabi Chrispy Chicken with homemade mashers anyone?
oNe DiReCtIoN <U+2665>
Great game by the #tennesseetitans! #ravenkillers!
Having impure thoughts about Joshua Jackson & Georgina Haig (Etta). Oy, this is worse than the impure thoughts about JJ & Orla Brady
Get involved too, post, comment and like!
please stop being so liberal and go drink your bushmills.
I will never give up on my dream and passion. one day ill be on that billboard, one day ill headline my own show #oneday!
Looks like chipper is in it for the long run
lmao, and who are you? xD
Good luck to San Diego native Jessica Sanchez tonight on Idol!
He don't want it.
I wish either like or would check out my Youtube channel<3 That would be a dream <3!
WATCHING THE AWESOME UK WILDCATS!!! THEY ARE AWESOME.. MY FAVORATE TEAM. FOLLOW ME, I FOLLOW BACK
Hey buddy, how late does the band play? "Oh, about a half a beat behind the drummer."
now following u..follow back bighead lolj/p
Very nice--congrats!
Thanks! Photo by (the Twitterless) Ed Homich.
Three words to live by - It's all good.
Im not rlly like one of those "AHHSHFHSGF" type im more "Oh i like them" You know ?
HEY I LOVE YOU<U+2665> You're amazing & im hoping you see this tweet & FINALLY notice me<U+2665>
photos tonight!
Stupidity can be contagious so I got my dumbness vaccine
Congrats! RT : Today is my 3 year #Yelp anniversary I'm going out and having some good eats this week.
Good week of work. Progress with new clients. Awesome results with current clients. Setting up good 2012! W.Callme.io
Now we have you right where we want you #PENSin7 LET'S GO PENS!
I installed jb kernel yesterday and I not getting anywhere close to the results you are
I wuvvvv you (:
My favorite episode.
. ... I stood up, two security guards and a CMPD officer were next to me asking me to turn my phone off.
Sigh. That good old wireless love lol
I don't #BowDown I stand #Firm saying
I appreciate the support, Jaime! :)
probably when he was a Pirate pitching against the Brewers
well Beck why not because I. Want it
M I love waking up to some classic Burberry <3
Next Monday night, we've got Sawdust Symphony here at VIA. All ages, no cover show starts at 7:30
Audible is the best! We wonder if eBooks will take after audio books (i.e. small audience) or digital music (vast audience).
And she DID remind me of Adele...
please stop tlkn bout it its really boing & stupid!!
If we close our eyes hope, we might get closer to tomorrow. Let's live today til then. I'll be spending the whole day working for tomorrow.
Key is under flower pot on the back stairs. Thanks!
The path to enlightenment is not a path, it's a metaphor for the time it takes to you love yourself, no matter what.
Keep it simple -- use a brick.
Try Blade again now. It may have been down for 15 minutes yesterday.
Folic acid can boost your mood and decrease inflammation. Best sources: green veggies, legumes, beans, nuts and seeds.
I love how sold 20million off of Boyfriend and I'm one of the 20 million who bought it and listening to it right now!!:):) <3
another #restless night..... :/
I cannot send u a Direct Message unless u follow me back, what we are looking for is something signed we can raffle off
oh shit we gotta black nigga! #bitch ass.
Its happening now we live TSMRadio doing it http//tsm-1.com/ click that radio button.
whoa, tonight's Mad Men
you've got great taste in music :)
Need to get laid more RT : A single sex session uses the same amount of energy that 45 minutes of Frisbee-throwing does.
Has anyone been to all of San Diego's Haunted Hotel, Haunted Trails, and Del Mar Scare Grounds? Which is the best?
WAY TO GO, Burma!
enjoy our music :)
#ff Assurance Advertising serves both #Vegas and Los Angeles. Hit them up.
Adele is amazing !!!
Join us tonight for trivia with DJ Play to win tasty bevs and even a cash prize.
Q4) communicating often and openly; not letting the SME be surprised.
“: Why can't life come with no consequences?” If only....
Museum people unite, indeed! :) RT thanks for the follow :)
woah you guys are awesome :D
Due to TRAK’s expansion, we’re hiring a Recruiter! If you’re interested in this opportunity, please contact me.
Man who lives behind the library has broken computer and is here for the first time. He lives behind the library. How do we get them in?
Thank you, & thanks to #TimetoSucceed and ! RT : - Thank you Ford Foundation!
Watching the legend of Korra
Jack Flash and Durban Poison is Back in the house..
Ice moms sure talk shit
I know you've been doing these big shows with & here in Chicago! How was that whole experience?
Time to work the fat off these bones; need to lose a few pounds ... been eating too well the past few months!
Lol why does he remind me of Zayn? Is it just me?
Thanks for the love and the S/O's!! You are a machine!! LOL
birthday tweet
Hooray Cornell! I've spent my entire spring break working as hard as thought it were a standard class week.
is it eerily quiet in there?
great to see you on twitter, friends!
always goes someplace, far away from me:(
Not on the ledge brother - just trying to understand- We went in hoping for Manning and left with Garrard and No Marshall
Thanks for inclusion in Kauf's Daily Recap!
Have a safe trip !! Send Dionne our sincerest condolences !
Heart just got stolen
yea but I only have like 1,050 tweets so far I think I do anyways so yea I am
I'm the worst at responding to your messages. #Forgiveme and expect one soon. Hope all is well across the pond. Any egg-citement?
Grand Opening in April!
Find the ways to distribute what you produce
cheese is awesome!! I love some saltines cheese a pickle and some mustard haha.
yeah, hunger games is pretty good
": Hey guys, what exactly do you want to hear in my upcoming tracks? :)" big room house. :D
i hop follows me she is so talented and so beautiful :)
what type of position r u looking for?
In Indianapolis for
if i were good @ 2k id merk both of you
I think mine DOES! This place is no longer worth the time and trouble!
Sanchise, Linsanity and Tebow Time in the same city.
-_.+!- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
sounds like you need a new....baseball team?
that sucks I'm sorry dude!
Did you have a good one?
Rethinking how tough I think blogging can be after hearing runs up to 14 blog posts a day during Fashion Week.
1 hour workout after school today..then nap ^__^
i'm excited now! When does that movie come out?
Lets go Packers!!!!
Have a mind of your own or lead in the wrong direction
SPRING BREAK HAS STARTED BETCH!!!!!!! u better come over tomorrow!
thank you for the piece. I had similar responses to the hack and the marketeer, but not as well-developed as you.
i'm so excited
There is white stuff falling from the sky... I dont know how I feel about this...
OW OWWWW! Can you dm me the email address you used to sign up?
what is your brides e mail, i used to have it....since Scripps took over half my crap has disappeared..thanks
The Corporate Marketing Campaign will be a fantasy after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
you're goregous. c:
Family is everything. Family comes first. It's not what I expected it to be, but nothing ever is. --Madonna
Theres nothing funny so we laugh at n-n-nothin'
YO YO !!! When are you coming to stay with us???? I miss you!!!
Sad, still cops & helicopters and news crews all around near my house for #JuniorSeau #RIP - great NFL player and all around nice guy
I Just Cant Take #00MF Serious !
Watching the #WonderYears on cable at Grandma's house.
Happy Resurrection Sunday! - Matthew 28:6 He is not here: for he is risen, as he said. Come, see the place where the Lord lay.
Thanks for the follow! :D
#BOYFRIEND #8hours :) I'm so excited!!!! AH to bad Justin won't see this. All we #BOYFRIEND !
Lawrence George Durrell~ There are no days in life so memorable as those which vibrated to some stroke of the imagination.
"Every thought you have has an energy that will either strengthen or weaken you." - Dr. Wayne W. Dryer
starting my second virtual session now
stupid shady bitches.
I swear 2 Allah ... I guess it means something like that :0
but... what's the IRL price?
oh I understand. It is different than FB. But somehow being friends with a bunch of new and different people is exciting!!
haha you probably won it from one of my office's promotions. What film?
Thanks for this, some good suggestions in the mix..
after looking at my loan history, I feel like doing that.
Signing off for a while! Depending on how family & I recover, may be back later. Wishing all of you a healthy and happy wkend!
thanks Martin. It seems there's an outage on this exchange so the problem is bigger than just my services!
bring on the cute boys!!:)
I like the moment when I break a man's eggs...
Well now I hope game seven goes triple overtime
Go bears
Entertaining myself!
I'm excited! looking forward to seeing you there!
thanks for the mention, hope you're well!
All of the emphasized letters are "capitals" Could Evan simply be telling he is in the "capitol"? Sacramento? Washington D.C.?
YES! RT : Here's the rub from what I can see: to be distinctive, colleges have to stop letting research univs set standards.
thank you sista it was so awesome chillin w u this weekend!!
These Bitches is my sons & I don't want custody!!!
Don't think I'm sliding through the hood today, to hot,roll this loud up and watch movies for the rest of today
Hey Allen thanks for following
That little boy Carl on #Walkingdead is not too bright I see
yay(: once ur done with exams just tweet me and we'll establish a password
ugh, hate that. Tied for worst alltime with "I'm not here to make friends...I'm here to WIN"
Good morning friends and fans don't forget to come out tonight to Jack's Patio bar tonight rock out and party with us! TVA loves you...Ale
#askSELENA hi Selena I really miss you and love you I like your hair extensions
14 pages of #imissflorida tweets... only ONE single #imissutah tweet.
Loved chatting with you at the dinner last night. You're a great resource for mamas!
Its on bad times that you see who your true are ! The ones that care about you <3
I just said that to my friend who ran out of beer! It's just like Katrina, but all white people!
are you watching mad men tonight?
Keg Stand
hey, yes, much too long. Moved to kensington last July, and only just now not nostalgic for hill. how've you been?
I reaallllyyy am not tryin to study for this english test
Thanks for following back! Sadly, I have only visited the UK so far. Austrian monasteries sound wonderful, though.
breaking shit... again!
Stay tuned for a weekend Facebook challenge...
God is truly amazing! Just when I thought things were fallin apart He showed me that people do believe in me and support me.
Tomorrow going for my father the Aeropuerto in the afternoon yeaha
We are all connected! Be free!
I sometimes feel as if I'm invisible, as if no one can see me at all.
I feel like that was the biggest slap in the face
Do u like it rough or easy?
I swear has the most adorable little brother!
“: Huskies don't seem to be going at the boards with much effort...” > lackadaisical effort overall I think
Freelance #editors and #designers, I have a question: would you work for a client if you were guaranteed (not promised) a % over time?
ShoutOut to all following #topfament Happy Friday ya'll!!
,almost got arrested, expelled, fined and sent to juvie, and I feel like shit.
So, CitiBank is taking credit for the Marshall Plan now?
Anuncios r-r
98% of journalists say they start a story with a Google search (Pew report, State of the Media '11)
Aww thank you much!!
(c) give me everything. well yeah. good night ^.^
can't stop listening to this new track. also enjoying the new
Hey Dana, what's a god email for you? I can't DM you since you don't follow me - thanks
WHO WANTS THEY SONG ON A MIXTAPE SEND ME THE SONG & INFO TO
LA tweeps - anyone know of a great bakery that can rock a topsy turvy cake for birthday and under $150? Very cool but very $$!
well, you can just tell me when I see you.
One week until #Christmas! Who still needs to finish #shopping?
A shout out to all the business profs at the #fallsschoolofbusiness at #AU for all the help they are willing to give to their students
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
SHAMEFULL! I FEEL UR PAIN RT : Don't lock your doors when I walk past ur car lil old lady...I don't want nothing from u! SMH
Modernism emphasized straight lines, eliminating the expressive S curve.This made it harder to communicate emotions through design-EvaZeisel
feels like i fractured my ribs
Rawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwr <U+2665> I love you !
the awkward moment when ur sisters compares a hot guy to facebook ...
how was your day? :)
better keep at it ;) im in little rock! I'm about to start flying lessons and ive just been writing and recording
I knew then that one of them wouldnt make it.. Too Perfect for TVD
Ar you a freshmen at USD?
Woo i got the job! :)
CHECK OUT THE NEW PROMO TEAM Purp Muzic Ent. ...Like this to get details and reduced cover to all of our upcoming events!!
I don't remember her writing lyrics in the studio I don't remember her writing lyrics in the studio*Rick Ross voice*
I was busted by dd when she was 6. I used a Sacagawea dollar and she found one missing from the folder. :(
what does the google docs integration entail?
RT : RT halfway 'round this circle / the beauty of a line / that bends
i am back twitter i just got back from thes store!
I'm just waking up, lol! RT : I should probably go to sleep soon.
I'm gonna write and publish a book someday, for the glory of God :)
I want a dog like Yogi :)
as jasmines boyfriend why talk shit about her mom like that
Yo!!! Go peep 's new jam "Every Time". I get so hype when she drops new music! Lol
don't care what any body says, ur profile pics are awsome!
Dunno bout that RT : Devils coach DeBoer compared Rangers speed to Panthers, comparing Gaborik to Sean Bergenheim
Wearing fall colors in spring because
believes the Detroit Lions are now the NFC North favorites. That's cute.
I believe a leaf of grass is no less than the journey-work of the stars. Walt Whitman
Oh, I've slept around? Lolok, that's why I'm a virgin.
After watching UC and USF light up the scoreboard for a total of 91 points I did not think it was possible for UL and Pitt to follow suit.
A successful practice! Only new songs tonight. That one felt really good!!!
Come on flyers 8-3 not cool at all
Steimer in the house...
cause I didn't get a text from you!!!
The cat thinks he's spectacles. Dear cat: your furry butt is not transparent or even translucent.
six flavors?! really? after yrs of being Velveeta free I have learned something new!
he told him to go shine his badge
Thank you :D
Sometimes it's just best to blast the music and dance in ur underwear =]
why did Twitter recommend I follow Chris Brown?????
volleyball is a great sport....do you play in Detroit?
Tebow to jets is good for jets bad for tebow
Category 5-b winner is Big Ten Network
i need some dope.
Dear Feist: Please stop invading every single station with that 1, 2, 3, 4 song. I can't take it any more.
pretty hungry.... thinking about a cuban sandwich and quinoa barley salad at
Just did a driveby of one of ACs waved my blue/red GF at him While he was on bus duty, so many tie ins 2night
so obviously, the first thing to do is check Twitter.
Finished our first Wildhorse Saloon performance of the day love that place! CMA Fest, great fans, great music. On the river w Hillbilly next
Shoe shopping is possibly my least favorite activity
This lil white boy is too cute his ass singing Otis
It was so fun! Like getting to see behind the scenes of a place I've only seen on the big screen. :)
,trhe only think i t can tihnk abought is gettinbng u home
it still says i dont have any followers… hm…?
why? Are you planning to ho? What exactly do you want to know?
Happy birthday lil lady!
helping little brother with homework, just great (:
He reminds me of... Is Hood playing next year? F*** Bob Knight. Yelling at the refs. There's Ashley. Jay-Z is at the game.
DeMaio says he has a plan to repair streets and isn't waiting to be mayor to get it done.
Michael Jackson's new single "This is It" equals: eh..
mr Rogers is mad at you
It's cold, they are just happy to be out and warm
Loving the avi <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams."
tweet the information or link so our followers have it please!
Happy Easter!
Lots of bluebonnets on the roadside around Enjoy them while they last!
One Fact about me.. I AM. OBSESSED. WITH. THE. ONE. DIRECTION. BOYS.
Did you grab my phone and tweet while I wasn't looking? You're so sneaky!
thanks. Taking train down and going to zoo for meet-n-greet with a tiger. Thinking of staying near Redding Term Market
The Cantina tonight.
Totally. This is why WE DRINK.
Follow & help welcome our friends (the absolute BEST caterers in New York & New Jersey!!). Most exquisite wedding food ever!
Im on my qrown women shit had that ass scared bitch trynna explain herself cuz she dnt want 3bitches on that cancer head kmsl
Tweeting from the Fall Meetup If you're in the UDistrict stop by!
Thanks, dude. Definitely pumped to be a fixture in 's kitchen, whether he likes it or not. Obviously, you need to come visit.
We'll be going to #TheRentalShow in a few weeks and unveiling an innovative tent, available for the 1st time to the US market. Any guesses?
Sex god..To make a long story short i never played that game again
there's not much to talk about besides Brewers injuries. That's a long 4 hours.
ayo shawn u mr kingston see if I cn come ovaa ya hpuse next weekend dudee cause ain't nothin gonna happen next week
www.blockstarsonline.com come see us!
nytnyt & sweet choco daya dreams lil sissie tiffany~ love you always & forever~ near or far were closer together <3
I like the new Google. Although, I could do without the redundant links.
#WorstThingsinTheWorld , Criminals and Murderers .
That cap is so cute!! Yay!!
okay... TBS just called Cliff Lee a mind reader. Chill....
Congratulations Prakesh Chand on your 4th Anniversary as a Jan-Pro Sacramento franchise owner. You are appreciated!
I know API calls are limited to 150 calls per hr per account. Not sure about IP though, so you sure about that?
lots of guys! Any creative ideas for a #Movember #meetup here in cleveland?
Youre great at everything!
#NSMN panel: where do ad $$$ go with no #NFL programming? College football? Smaller ad buys get shut out.
Clipshow should legit fire VDN and make Chauncey coach for the playoffs.
If there is anything this past year has taught me: when things feel like they're going your way, life has a way of humbling you.
Finally got paid, now I need shade and a vacay and dudes still hatin so much hate I need an AK
Thanks to for hosting FUEL's first Manager Roundtable event last night! Always gracious hosts.
Let's just say that you're going to hve lots of 'close friends' suddenly when time for that VT cabin! Get it!
How'd you like that Big Blue win today, man? SLOPPY, but VICTORIOUS!!!
Hehe I don't think there's anything wrong with chasing a few shots of Jameson with moscato! Just saying we all have a lil irish in us ;)
#Damn I Get 2 Eat Some Greens Hm..... Make Stomach Growl.Fa'Shooo
“: $100” getting warmer
hi cami! thank you sa pagfollow. God bless you. :)
HeHe thank you so much :)
right! This is incredible!!!
my sister is 4 yrs old and she luves #SAYSOMETHIN she is also a mahomie and acon
Follow Chad RT : Calling all Marquette peeps, help me get connected with other Warriors/Golden Eagles. Retweet this, thanks.
Yes that is a lot of chocolate. But Um! what a way to gain weight. LOL
if loses to at #WWE #Wrestlemania28 than WWE is stupid.
Apologies to my band for making our twitter feed look like a #Titans fan club last week lol
Stay far from timid only make moves when your heart is in it and live the phrase the sky is the limit"- Biggie Smalls
Come on Anthony!!
The only thing getting me through finals is knowing that all my best friends come home within two weeks.
lol they still wrong its sickle cell
may 4th is an upcoming event...right...
Something good will come from #universitascbus tonight. That's what great storytelling does. Honored to be the guest host.
To do today: finish manuscript, throw away the Christmas tree, watch dominate on Jeopardy!!
Good Night! princess
So excited to see continue and grow!
#NF them beautiful and sexy
I think so too :) its good for summer
Westen on principles of effective messaging: Tell a coherent story and "if you don't feel it, don't use it "
I had a dream last night that a super-old senile judge appointed me to replace him, and that the people of Wisconsin were mad about it.
He's cute, right?
#BlackFriday set a record for the most #firearms sold in the U.S. in a single day (129,166) - 32% more than the previous record. - USA Today
Check out ; great tweets about great running topics!
I had a foreign professor who I thought was saying "casanova" but was really saying "carcinoma"...that was a fun lecture.
hey I heard you were a wild one;)
Tell her I love/miss her
#Writers: R U an 'Activist?' Concord Free Press might be yr ticket to fame and ... (sorry no fortune--for your anyway)....
#fldebate DRINKING GAME: Newt says "fact" drink 1 shot. Anyone says "historian" shotgun 1 beer. Romney says "million" remove 1 art clothing
RT : “Today is your day! Your mountain is waiting. So... get on your way.” ~ Dr. Seuss
Safe travels! We'll be thinking about you.
Have faith in God; God has faith in you.
Guys need to come with a caution sticker saying, WARNING: I'm only going to break your heart.
Abundance is about being rich, with or without money.
Why can't I see in me what other people see??? What's that shit all about??????
good point. yes i do <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Dude how did you do that?
Had a really nice run with my love today. He thinks he is a better runner. It's not true but he will get there after training with me :)
Back to Evidence .... lucky me!
Another meeting @ 9:30 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>phone on silent!
4 of my 5 exams are reciprocated in Ohio, but I have to wait until June to take the last. Can't practice until August.
omg justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT
yup been working on em. still mess up in between tho lol.
I now feel better for accdentally keeping my 3D glasses from that movie that one time! Thanks awesome seminar w/dir who knows his 3D
Absolutely. In 2006.
Listening to "Adventures in Pixels" by - awesome old-school #videogame inspired
I hope these fellas can keep this going until PA. I would hate to miss out on the chance to have a ham sandwich.
then, no te gusta. I'm not coming to school today. Couldn't get a ride :/
We need atleast a ten point cushion playin on the road
hm no love in that article for the winning team...??? can we do something about that?
can you blame him? ;)
MT Thought: to understand MITx / Udacity /Coursera persistence...look at for-profit exp. w/rolling admissions
Great morning at #w2s. How many times will use the word pivot this afternoon?
#22ndTaughtMe this something I already know about ain't it lol NVM I know what context its under.
Met sum coo peeps at
Surrounded by 40,000 tortillas, 320 lbs of eggs and 600 gallons of coffee ... It's Cowboy Breakfast time.
I should really be cleaning up...
Putting together an 8 page study guide and flash cards in 3.5 hrs and not retaining any of this information
Desperation before I hit the ground.
Getting ready for tomorrow. Feels like its going to be a big day of work.
Hear me on the www.sportsanimal.com today 11 am to 2 pm
haha! Have you tried peach?
no meetings or greetings...just memories of past i barely remember..
Ironic is #40 on the list..
RT : just got my dress for the !!!
That sounds good to me. Slingers?
please follow
Girls gossip way more than dudes, but dudes can get the "word" around way faster than girls lbs.
Knock it out of the park Ladies!! And thank you for all that you do.
Good advice from QCityMetro's Burkins: Establish relationship with local paper. Don't just be a voice on the other end of the phone.
Why is it so hard 4 the news 2 get our name/picture right? Arent they supposed 2 be professionals? Take the time 2 do the research to do so.
Had such a fun weekend with my friends <3 so sad it had to end :(
Don't let me down Pens, its the Caps you can beat them
Because they asked you to?
Follow for info on Dems & GOP announcements of their candidates for 55th district of State Senate!
haha that's one way to describe em
Add bright colors to our common grey.
i voted All day today, it would mean so much if you gies followed me back!
Saturday morning shout out. Laundry, playing, eating, dancing.
It's like the mo' money we come across, the more probLINs we see
It's #Friday!! Be sure to check out one of our partner bars tonight for $1 drinks- great way to start off the weekend!
belly dancing before work. ive missed this workout #BOMBAY!!!!
It's funny how fake girls are always looking for a real man.. lmao
Those bugs better stay off your car! LOL. RT lol so I can drive all the way home and get the rest of the bugs!
Glad we could make your night. :)
I was going to call it ironic. Although they were probably going for that.
Twitter is so fucking lame now..........
Happy Launch Day!!! Thinking of you and hoping today is smooth sailing. Big hugs!! Must connect in person soon. :-)
Headed to Tucson for world junior diving chmp.
I wish had almond milk...and original (not vanilla like the soy they use)...
:( His loss....10 new followers will take his place!
Isn't re-purposing architecture a funny business?
Is anyone from the #DPLA techdev group going to #Code4LIb? Is anyone going to code4lib interested in techdev for DPLA?
wondering what my students use as their go-to database ? Google, MLA, LION, MUSE, JSTOR, EBSCOhost?
modeling was a lotta fun earlier (: considering i was like shaking the entire time aha. i'm horrible in front of tons of people.. :S
Sounds like my everyday. I need to change jobs. Immediately.
glad you got your phone back :)
is a BUSINESS and they respond to whoever screams LOUDEST/MOST-Get people on your side and THEN YELL!
...I'm letting you guys decide. Does this bobblehead look like the real Backstrom, or is it an imposter?
" Im in a long line in walmart #yolo "«« lol wtf
I hate my stupid ass phone
I'm done! Period Point Blank! Whoopin' ass over the summer!
can't wait to make this thanks for sharing
I wish the rest of them could be more like Liam :'( and I knowww! selling tickets a year in advance is RIDICULOUS
Great, are you gonna do anything awesome?
Just a thought to all of the "occupy DC" people!! Don't get near the roadways at rush hour - DC drivers are crazy!! Don't get in their way!!
Watching "Person of Interest" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
s[hes] br[ok]en be[cause] s[he] be[lie]ve[d]
Damn why isn't tumblr working -.-
While I'm a fan, I must respectfully disagree. As a DC Fireman I must say Go CAPS!
Streamers and Confetti. Really? LOL
The drinking age should be 18 " if I'm old enough to serve, I'm old enough to be served" plain and simple
IM DYING.... FOLLOW ME!
Founded in 1898, the Eagles fund research in areas such as diabetes, heart disease, kidney disease and cancer.
Happy PI day
Take care of yourself, sir. I'm sending good vibes your way.
C'mon Unicorn...
haha, yep. That would be the guy.
its not even my birthday
Game time! Let's go Celtics!!!
Ron Paul
So sad to hear about Steve Jobs.
I cant stand closed minded people
Thanks for the follow , let us know if there is anything we can do! Were located just down the street in
hacked my twitter
Looking for amazing staff in No. VA area starting Tuesday, need full contact info, exp. and more ASAP. Please send to
Not at all!
Wow...that was a fumble fans.
i should rescind my tweet...let's just chalk that one up as user error :P
half off saturday at goodwill. just got over 20 hardback books for about $6. day made :)
NO RT : “: would you take Braylon at a discounted price?! Be honest”//I'm thinking yes.
Sure is! I wasn't a fan but I'm coming around haha
A layer of high thin clouds not quite blocking the sun but putting thin sunglasses over it
thanks for the add!
lol see u tomorrow babe
i am!
do you seriously live in florida
They say that #love is forever, your forever is all that I need.
Oh. ": anytime, anyplace lol..."
Sweet scoop by Craft
oh haha #sucksforyou but now you have sasha so it's all good ;)
NW children of the corn
Spent the whole day just sending emails to cast/crew... Just realized it's 11:30! I don't remember the sun going down. Or eating...
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED is trending worldwide!!! lets get it to the topp!!!!
let me know how that goes haha
Wow... Gotta feel for Derrick Rose
#RT FOR A BUG FAT SHOUTOUT, I FOLLOWBACK MUST BE FOLLOWING.
BREAKING -- Supporters of #marijuana legalization finally have the signatures to get on Nov. ballot. Will be called Amendment 64.
Congrats Raymond! RT : I have never been more excited to engage in school and coursework! Can't wait!
thanks for following us. Hope you get a chance to check out our LOCAL SF film, DEFAULT: The Student Loan Documentary.
Or then there's my friend, Prosberg.
why isn't my voicemail not set up.. #iphoneproblems ughh
I hate commercials. Like there is a commercial then the show for not even 5 min ad a commercial again
I wish I could do that with my cat but she'd never let me and she'd look like a rat bc she's so skinny under there.
Swear I'm gonna be a super hero when I grow up.
ALL THE TIME
Thank you Jon Stewart and John Oliver for your segment on Unesco.
Guess I'm going to bed since Bel Ami on-demand is not working on my TV. Way to ruin the party
i am cool
Yeah - no more 10PM mochachinos for me!
shit is about to go down
or worse
So glad you had a good time - rest up & get ready for another great one at
|#quotes Successful enterprises are usually led by a proven chief executive who is a competent benevolent dictator.
What's your favorite genre of music?
I do know nunboutu (future voice)
Genes how -- as in the biological imperative to have body fat for lean times, or an "obese gene"?
Out to watch the ball game with my bro! Let's GO Badgers!
Similar in conceit but not as skillful.
Ohio smells like badussy.
Marta plays for Buffalo. No way they were going to win.
Glad I get to go a whole day without changing into a gym uniform
I love working with ! Doing amazing things!
#JesseCampbell just put me into WORSHIP!!!!
Putting shit in peoples room , what is this a 3rd grade sleep over
Had a fantastic birthday week with all my friends! Now for a busy week of work!
Lmfao my family is a mess
Lunch would be great. Let's DM next week, work out the details.
The funny thing is, you're responsible for about 1,200 of them.
I think they mean "I am no longer a man" and "SmeTFU."
Sterling Moore you gotta be kidding me!
will u get me 100+ followers plz
What part of florida are you in ? cause my friend wants too meet youu ;o
hahah well you do know
the new Dallas tv show generation is not believable. they don't even have a north texas accent ya'll
Visit our web site for new completed uploaded project pictures now in our gallery
sending proposals not working ... and sending support requests is broken as well!
C# - We are seeking a developer to join the team of developers with one of our top clients. This candidate will be working primarily with C…
lol I don't know if Thr people you added in the #FF are ready for my Emotional twitter vomit.
The public history of modern art is the story of conventional people not knowing what they are dealing with. - Golda Meir
Who are you? What does your brand stand for? What do you want customers to take away from the experience? ..Don't know? What are you doing?
Pope Joy hall violin recital.
I guess screwing things up is my specialty.. Cause i do it a lot.
RT : "Go confidently in the direction of your dreams, live the life you imagined." - Thoreau
Nigga fingers are going to fall off. Watch.
wow! This is a cool day for you! May I ask why song?
when i am in crafty moods i can spends hours in hobby lobby. They always have great sales on things
Ben don't be rude.
where are you from?
I turn 21 this Sunday I'm shaking this whole weekend woot woot :-)
thats crazy... i wonder how freaked out the girl giving the lap dance must have been. lol
we believe our products would be great addition to your product line!
is a thought leader in social commerce, gret presentation at Adobe social media week event
lost 40lbs on the #bizzydiet I've been on phase 2 for a couple months now and still loosing weight but need to lean up more
#prom2012 was so much fun with !!!
I look and feel like I just had my ass beat in the middle of a forest. Absolutely worth it. What an amazing night. Perhaps I should sleep.
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT
Listen to those who have vision rather than ramblings of personal preferences. Innovation starts with just words.
About to hop in the shower <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
summer tour m
Need a Blue Book for an exam??? BookHolders has tons of them and they are only 40 cents! Come grab 'em before your exam!
(2/2) Salmon and egg yolks are a great source. And probably won't be on your Thanksgiving dinner table, so eat em now!
#followme #follow #horror #movies Follow me and I will follow you :)
yes yes come visit!!!
it's true, pretty soon no one will remember the days when you could sever an artery on a sharp metal chair arm
The third floor porch caught my eye, then the keyhole window. Must have been sweet in its prime.
"All great achievements require time." - Maya Angelou
I mean Sports Clips. “: SmartClips on Forest Drive, across the street from Yumilicious. Get the face rub. #baller”
yeah, that's it! I can't wait to sit down and read it.
Come see us at Iriving plaza nyc! Saturday Jan 15th 2011 tickets going to sell out fast so get on the pengwagon people!
Guys, I haven't forgotten about this page. I've been overwhelmed with work lately, but I hope to resume updates soon. :D
Is there a public talk associated with this visit? Would love to attend if so.
MABL Finals deciding Game 5 begins at 8PM tonight at Breed JHS in Lynn. Cutters vs. Grays. Ample seating. Come on down!
What does a shower or liquid nitrogen have to do with destaling Cheerio's? Watch of 's 13 talk:...
Oh my!
No, once upon a time, Kerry Wood was Steve Woodard ;)
is a bitch
Heading to Medina NY for Uncle Bill's birthday. (with Sarah)
Stopped thinkn bout what I didn't have and start lookn at what I do have
Romeny just overheard - "what do I f*ing need to do to win an election in America" ps I sure do love America ps2 O beautiful...
Got a Chemistry exam coming up ,wish me luck guys !!
Being with you made my whole night ! >
Why is my brother sewing buttons?
For everyone saying picks 7-11 have been reaches, remember that the talent dropoff after 6 was pretty big.
you may want to include a line about walking/ standing/ texting in bike lanes. Bike lanes are live traffic lanes too.
RT : Maniac: A bit 80s pop & a little campfire rock. Sorta what Kay Kay might sound like if they ditched the Vaudeville...
yes so re-re-re-readable.
You guys are definitely one of my favorites and everyone should be listening to the awesomeness that is !
Movie idea: Lil Wayne quits rapping/skating and becomes a borscht belt comedian. Meets Adam Sandler, doesn't know who he is.
i want clothes!
I'm all for hippies- but for real, if you stink take a shower before you board the cta
- you're old fashioned.
um let's see YHE STORE!
Good morning Lakeview! Umbrellas required. Be safe. Be warm.
RT Pepps!Vote YES to merger! Reject rumors. Our earned pensions are protected by Federal Law in a merged union:...
where half way to 2012 man time sure goes fast
Whats up? Who tryin to chill? Word.
I love summertime, cause I love all the parties. Finishing kegs, and crushing bottles of Ricardi.
you know it!!
You're supposed to say "and that's why there's only half a bottle left ;)". PG13 is overrated and boring.
Thanks! All the parts are there (more or less), but I've got some serious writing and rewriting to do in the next few months.
just drafted Stephen Hill at 2.08 in a rookie/FA Draft. Liking how things are turning out so far!
Send some food this way.
Dreams are extremely important. You can't do it unless you imagine it ~ George Lucas
hey ho get on yo corner!:D
yep, where r ur seats?
I bet "bradpitt" and "sith" send more people to pay their 99¢ than any other words.
O. It's more tempting now.
Gross! I think the beer I bought is stale. Have y'all had issues with that liquor store on Artimage and California?
People will hate on you ALL the time, use it as motivation, at the end of the day they're just jealous of your success
makes this session fun with his cool stories at
I found the references to Liberty, Indiana in tonight's Sherlock to be rather odd. Still a good episode.
I don't think they overvalued Yuni, think they saw him as replacement level. Same reason they didn't offer him a contract in 2012
same. I'm like what's up and introduce myself
I'm finna go too sleep
All food will be ball-shaped.
haha that should get you at least a BBQ'd shark and a bucket of beer :)
And the website crashed... #nyrr ::refresh::refresh::refresh::
Super Bowl champs play week 1 at home. 49ers play NYG in SF.
Facebook Friday and Billionaire's Weekend is coming >Steakhouses and car dealers take note.
poor kpass, taking you a whole 45 minutes today :-) I'll see you at 10ish
Um....thought you had the fortitude to resist this unrealistic garbage? :)
Nate Fletcher at my Rotary this morning saying he thinks UC tuition should be raised even more.
Really so far in this small place they have a Pappa Johns, Dominos, Pizza Hut, Pizza Express and like 2 r 3 other places
Thanks for following! We're looking forward to hearing about all the upcoming events in PHX & attending some as well :)
Currently handling 2 design emergencies, going to have to postpone going to market until tomorrow. BO!
Super jealous! RT : I can't believe #MuseumNext is so close, two weeks from now I'll be in Barcelona!
I am so hungry, what should I have for lunch today...hrm
bet they still charge u the price of a tall lol
Shout me out
no sweat bro. Cards fly @ 3pm, late reg 8 levels & full stack waiting
My quarterback's new contract is going to be a tough bone for some folks to chew on ;-)
Thanks for the oh-so-gracious welcome to twitter!
What are your plans for the holiday weekend? Tell me what your favorite San Diego activities are!
you are a Nigaga. Go ahead, look it up on urban dictionary you pussy willow.
Motorsports: Door-to-Door: Easter In this week's Six, Marty Smith writes about the power of hope NASCAR can bring fans, drivers with bad
say more. I just read it today (the review)
trying to figure out a good storyline for Emily Brown's music video "somewhere"... it is going to be amazing!
RT disneyszqe6 Mid-week in Virginia. Hate the drivers, feet hurt, but making good money. Hope I'm home soon. CantWa
Thought for Today: "Life is 10 percent what you make it, and 90 percent how you take it." - Irving Berlin, American songwriter
night and sweet dreams.
promoted to head counselor this summer
the ins and outs of supper's chest.. he'll only be a friend if he touches your breast.
Okay I guess we can wine and dine tonight and love eachother.. I'm down
people suck..take some time and hug some animals:-)
planned to do hw, ended up shopping on ebay, amazon, and scrolling through tumblr. damn you internet!
un que? RT Do you wanna buy a duck? ;D
I quit.
Werd. Should show you how to rip to apple lossless
I'ma whole special person
We lost our entire 7 am rundown about 15 mins. before the show. Fox 6 Wake Up crew knows how to hustle! We're still on the air, kudos crew!
go fuck with your other "boyfriend"
The first person selected as the Time Magazine Man of the Year - Charles Lindbergh in 1927.
Looking forward to #rcgc2012 today. pros are designing a database for
NEW OBSESSION with no streaming! www.playlist.com
has to be the one on the right!??
Do you wanna come dance with the big bad wolf? [ No! ] Its okay, the other two pigs said no too!
Great presentation about cutting through the BS in social media.
Sports updates? Please!
shout out to my ceramics class?!
#Backinelementaryschool sara richards got that good good
Call me, anyone. If you have my #. I decide whether to answer or not.
rocking it out with strobe two nights in arrow!!
the one you said a minute ago g.u.c.
I hope you have the Aquanet ready for hair band Friday.
RT : Congrats Lindsay! RT Congratulations Member of the Year!!! <<< THANK YOU!
Just watched tase on youtube ! Freaking hillarious !
Not the Chicken Dance! LMAO!
The Rage are still looking for Sponsors for the 2012 season. Please email to inquire about our sponsorship options
will there be a bitter battle in the future since you get paid more for having all the great lines? ;) congrats! Can't wait!
Hey guys - tonight got away from me, sorry. If you can catch a drink tomorrow I'd love it.
Just watched marsions attack outside. So now my feet are cold as hell DX and the movie was so cheesy
Chaput** with the helper on the Brodeur goal
Geesh, no lie. RT The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt. SYLVIA PLATH
saw a guy with a top saying 'swag' on it, he was also wearing hightops & a snapback. Like, seriously and I stalked him.
"Anything or anyone that does not bring you alive is too small for you"-David whyte. Remembering this as I start my week <3
Ewwww RT : Every second, 372 people are searching for porn on Google.
Today my new name is GREATNESS!
I would hope I would feel that hewas the one who lost out, forgiveness would be next because I would not want that to eat me up
even if it's consensual?
That freshman 15 isn't true for all. Only applies to the lazy.
j-mikes motto????
Im introducing a New #Genre! #weedropweerock!!!
but I stocked up-
Can't wait till monday. :) <3
I AM SO PUMPED for my auditions Saturday but i still need to choose my 2nd song to sing -_-
#bucks need this one. Gotta win the games you are meant to win. GET GOIN NOW!
Hope to catch you some day soon..Miss your cute lil smile:D
Aw jordan I'm seeing it at 9:20 with
My, my, hey, hey; out of the blue and into the blah...
/ We'd like to think so... Perfect game to play on the commercial breaks... Challenge your friends and family!
He takes down 2 players and no foul. only metta world peace would get away with that
Are you living life like a rock-star?
Our new packaging arrived and we are very close to the launch of our three new grain-free treats! Stay tuned- you're gonna love the favors!
Thx! RT : Join us Sat Park as we support to raise funds for healthier babies!
n its sikk I knew u was goin2go2one place n dats it idk if u think um playn or wat
Why is it that for a man to lose weight he need only stop drinking beer, but a woman must work out like crazy and practically stop eating?
we miss you too! I don't think we'll ever find a better boy band than you guys!
her game play or her vote?
I'm suprised that I've never seen anyone named Tropical Henry on an online poker site.
Oh no! It's a 2 4 Tuesday.. on a Sunday. It took a whole continent to save a career. #paulsimonsaysleavethebar..now!
haha no way :)?
Seriously considering an ipod touch
Either the plane is taking off finally or I was an early victim of our new society.
I dnt think my mom bought me
so i created my fTag and if i want to use it i have to put _XLZ5 in my tweet...why is that more viral than #4bmore? wtftag
You better check yo'self before you wreck yo'self.
I'm thinking about drawing pretty pictures
these female
Thx for the retweet guys! Great to connect here!
good thoughts.
What do you think about the Cards picking up another receiver to help out Larry? Yay or Nay?
RT People next to us on Hawaii bus are from Westminster. Us? Arvada. We all said we were from #Denver. Easier That Way.
I need an iPod.
thank you!!
yea lol that's what it means #GoSpursGo!!
If I don't go to sleep before midnight, I'll never fall asleep. Goodnight.
So honored to be a part of it!
ROCKtober. There, we said it.
I'll be in LA Oct 10-15; will a couple of soldiers let a lady buy them a drink ... Or lunch?
Barbershop flow lol
Are you allowed to have a 2nd favorite MLS team?
Thinking about making an Emergen-C mimosa for breakfast this morning
Watchdogs pull info about Free Press and its founders from the internet before it's removed!
But the TLA app is way better than the ALA app.
Saw The Lucky One with !
On a bus in L.A., finally. Feel like a lil girl again.
I am not young but I feel young. The day I feel old I’ll go to bed and stay there. J'aime la vie! Life is a wonderful thing. ~Coco Chanel
how does the mexican guy know me? LOL oh yeah hea dded me but id idnt accept nigga
everybody breathe
Who could that be?--new page update today
I feel the FIRE of the Lord burning in. My soul...
why not? Haha
cant be put into words. Lasting memory of this visit is the video interviews at end of survivors
When are you coming to the west coast? I can't wait to show you around Portland!
but seriously. boobs.
is an awful photographer. #Bored x
Welcome to Twitter :) Check my following list for a bunch of agencies who are always posting events!
a follow would be nice...
thursday cant get here fast enough my dude ha thrownin down wit my homie
Licensing systems are not without costs themselves, and therefore inefficient
I hope she know dat ain't cute ...cuz she you look like a straight h*e .
All things considered, Tony does have THE BEST team! Therefore, he'll be getting my vote(s)!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: If you are married and thinking about separating, set clear intent about the future before the separation.
Anatine whispers at the pond / Linger on the ripples / Draw the attention of puppies / Teetering at the edge
#YouKnowItsRealWhen Everybody Up-daten Sombody About Who Got Shot
Chris Hardwick. He's not a businessman. He's a business, man.
U can't take the ring from the champion but I can take the champion out of the ring
m looks gr8!
Really? I considered it but was afraid I'd catch fire.
sounds great! The only #Matinee you mean
could run for president, but it would interfere with book club...
Oh my gosh, you guys, I was just totally surrounded by 7 tiny puppies. So much cute.
Ready to get off work and go workout! Great way to start/end day
no bookshelf in ya crib but u gotta crazy DVD collection
when are you gonna work for my mom.
YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!RT : A5: When we find and follow our vocation, we become leaders.
wow im like starving all of a sudden :S
March madness is really madness hahah!
that would look great at bomb night tonight.
thefunded.com allows users to rate and write reviews about their experiences with venture capitalists.
Every girl in mater academy thinks they are so cute when I reality they're just so fake.
EARTH without 'ART' is just 'EH' !
Yo my usual crew must have went to sleep on smh but its kool
You're right about that! We're so fortunate to be able to work with you.
I think you're reading my math wrong. Constant acceleration of either drunkenness or drink intake rate = ruin!
I know, right??? Why aren't they asking her about her face???
Iove all these natural remedy tweets!
iMedia Brand Summit - Las Vegas in T-minus!
great.. i finally get a twitter app i like and i think it's draining my battery! fuckkk...
want a hard copy! Finally found one at Target after looking for fifteen min :)
A big reason our society needs a Love Life Rehab is that SINGLE PEOPLE dont understand what God has to say about Sex! Come listen on Sunday!
If #Romney can't win 50% of any state's GOP base, how's he gonna carry 50% of the entire voting public?
i been chillin today man
what about the future is now shirt?
Hi Jeff
Some people bring happiness wherever they go; you bring happiness whenever you go.
don't be jealous of #adamscott. You'll always be my #1 :)
Hey George! Long time no chat. How's it going? RT : Morning
Super sleepy
We faired well. Nashville missed the brunt of it. HIgh winds and hail.
Keystone pipeline will "reduce our energy dependence. It is a lie, they say that that oil is for export"
Happy May Day! #CelebrateLife :-)
Someone tell me why my dog just followed me into the bathroom....
Is there a way to search blog and/or YouTube comments? This is more difficult that I thought it would be...
has actually been pretty productive today despite getting a very late start. I did miss Mr. Fish business hours though, sorry Jess.
There was a test? Dang. Nobody told me there was going to be a test.
no. I don't dig kanye. Just jay-z. Plus, I'm cheap and can't justify spending that kind of money.
my jaw dropped when i saw 's new hair..omg
It was great to talk with you today. Nice to find you on Twitter, too, putting a face to a voice.
Work sucks. Or I just need a better job.
Take note #orioles, that is how to buny
Alright, thanks :)
The hospital's neurological floor is better than an episode of Cops. Police & security here again...this time assault charges are in order.
LMAO at you twitterer profile pic.. Lol it's been a while since I've seen that one
deadline is 1st June :)
Still pondering a summer short story series... like July to August duration... once a week, episodic.
Data (and knowledge) is POWER! Love the "gory" details of data!
no worries! Will have to check it out!
thank you sweetness !
well this is going to cause us to drink hard liquor.
Siri has all the details.
Why does the UW VPN have to suck (i.e., use standards-based tech from this decade)? Can't get the $&*# thing working with our new 3g modem
Should take and I to Paris. So we are able to see the scenery and potential lol
Great blackouts from I did my part.
At Dairy Queen with Mr Will, Michelle, Lindsay, and Chuck! (:.
yes please increase education funding...show our kids they are this nations highest valued asset, not day camp prisoners
Loved it! Also loved Different World! “: Funny for the most part I hated the Cosby show.”
what do you do
RT haha, yea zero pressure. Walk in the park. I got this on lockdown my man. I'll make it work. (via )
Boston Market mashed potatoes
Thanks to , the host of 's for being our guest speaker at #NMDD on 5/19!
is performing tonight at 8pm at bang comedy theatre (up the block from canters) in a sketch comedy show...come watch and L to the AUGH!
You should probably put your tits back in your shirt, slut.
Great #SWE Board call tonight - I'm excited about all the momentum we have toward achieving our FY12 goals like outreach and membership
Fitness Tip: Body Mass Index (BMI) - BMI is considered a more accurate tool than body weight alone to assess overall health and risks...
Haha wow jessica
Uthoff has an appeals meeting scheduled for Thursday morning, but I'm fully expecting him to get abducted by aliens on his way to it.
If you cant control yourself from peeing on the seat, you dont deserve your equipment.
I dnt like them
Always an extra special compliment when it comes from a Lady. Thank you! XOXOXO
where in NYC are you spinning?
Go Cats!
best wishes with everything you do from here!
Happily hosting today and tomorrow. The space is buzzing with innovative minds!
Don't be sad! I just zipped over and read it and it was AWESOME. Everyone is probably just out on emergency cupcake mission.
Black Friday is in the books. Visit us tomorrow for Fuji Saturday!
I had set mine up on pc, so I could go in and edit my changes, but when I connected the remote, the computer didn't see it.
I freakin love her already. She was 11.2 pounds!
Who is winning the game???
RT : Brazilian women only LOOK like Ronaldo, they don't play like him- even with 12 players. #USWNT advance! GO GO USA!
My mom was in the movies taking notes, she been bought the book. Im not taking pointers about love from a book, If it comes it comes
Good Morning!
hahaha yesh I sexy lolol !! Hmm I didnt write it -__- that's why I was asking u!
The good thing about bad things is that they teach you to breath. And to #live. And to know that the #road goes on!
Filling out a deposit slip and forgetting to send the check with in drive through lane.
Kameron Woods with the dagger three after two offensive rebounds by Smith. Butler leads by five with 18 seconds to go.
makes my day.
bay i just text you
Trying to decide on a color for my walls … this is very hard >.<
bynum showing why you have to keep him, Lakers are looking better then regular season and now i am thinking 2 or 3 more really good years
Insider tip: I probably won't be drafting the #Saints Defense in any leagues this year.
Thank you to the new followers it's good to have you. We are working hard to brink more great USA cash poker games to the site.
You're an amazing actress. Happy to be following you! :)
Good to keep these things #organized. :) #Lists make #tweets much easier to manage & #read! :)
Why is it like rush hour @ 10pm on a Wednesday on #dcmetro? Did I miss something?
Fire at Hayes today...onlyat MY school.
So exited for middel school!
"I'm a man not a kid"....hahahaha. That's the funniest thing I've ever heard
#ProjectArchaeology teacher workshop for the LEEF Conference is getting under way! Trying to squeeze 2 days' learning into one!
All guys should be like
That would be sweet.
This year is already flying by....can time really speed up????
Free screening of the Epic FATHER'S DAY in Asbury Park May 3rd @ the Showroom
should I go to Hollywood and Highland today at 4? Check out latest tweet.
Tip:stay positive & avoid criticizing or calling a child a "picky eater". Children believe what they hear! Be a good role model.
Scranton, PA today! Who's going to be there?!
Hi , we just sent you an email regarding our Innovation Network and would love your feedback.
No need to be nervous, it won't hurt a bit
true that. I hope to work with him one day
Guess what! You're spam and I'm reporting you! : guess what! on facbeook they're giving out brand new iph ...
Call tonight and get 15% off your cut or color service this week! (773) 252 - 9522
Rehearsing my show in the park today.
With the announcements just coming today, we don't have answers just yet on the best way way to get the new iPhone.
Homosexuality exists in 450+ species. Homophobia is only found in one. Which seems unnatural now?
RT after around 1hr to 1 and a half hrs of exercise.. you get tired!
I've noticed that too.... seems to be a popular word right now.
#ihavenotolerance for weak players that stay on the ice too long
thanks for coming!
I still don't get how people from Colorado can't drive in snow. C'mon folks! It's a common thing in this state!
;) lol it happens
I think I'm tripping right now
A woman KNOWS her place, a slore questions it.
The National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center is led by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's Homeland Security...
I'd rather tell all these girls that want to be skinny to get fatter than tell one fat girl to lose weight.
Happy Thanksgiving to all of our followers!
Last chance to shoot something today. Ask for detailed instructions on how to get to your favorite restaurant or coffee shop and vid it.
What have I accomplished today...ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!! And yes, I enjoyed every minute of it!
You're so welcome! TY, Karen for your great support of #HireFriday! You're a Superstar :) RT TY, Emily! You rock!
Sir I think i got another project for you.
it means no worries for the rest of your days
Headed to #mla12 ! Are you going? Come say hi at booth 208/210!
Don't worry; y'all both made us laugh. Now behave & no name-calling here!
Have you gotten your FREE Small McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee yet? Grab yours today before it is too late! ^Eugene/PDX area only
seems like Delbanco wants to yank abolitionists out of particular time and make them stand as proxies for any 'idealist'
If happy ever after did exist...
I'm cold
Waiting in a 5 year long line for the 5 Year Engagement
Only , and I comment on our FB photos w/ everybody's name from The Seven and then quote
You want war ill bring it to your front door
LOL love you too :*
"I'm coming after whoever, WHO HAS IT!?"
Me and are SO ladylike....
more annoying? #freshmen in the front room? #trombone in the basement?
time to watch the Dexter season finale. PUMPED.
i'm honored i could be here for you! :)
#thingsIwishIhadthissemester .... Roommate repellent
Who's going to the Valero Alamobowl tonight?
#MILITARY IN ACTION 21 KING SPEECH WHAT YOU WANT HOW YOU WANT IT WHERE HOW TO DO IT YOU CHOOSE PEACEFUL PROJECT
Be sure to come out ans see the show tonight...A Night of Illusions...it starts at 7pm
TSOI-NY is 'bout to see TSOI fav, Owen - CASIOTONE FOR THE PAINFULLY ALONE - new band, ADVANCE BASS at Mercury Lounge 2nite! C U There?
Little K was in a fourth of July parade! When asked if it was for my bday (same day) or the 4th, she was sure everyone was there for me :)
Every day we live is a day closer to death so live your life robustly and with no regrets.
#Groupie? Lol you're still my fav Toriii RT : Tyler seguin at splash with me? I don't mind
Its 's Birthday Tomorrow! I Love You Girl <3
I can't stop!
“: I'm more confused than sperm in an asshole.” LMAO
Dad goes in for quadruple bypass today...I'm praying for an easy surgery and complete, easy and effortless recovery. He deserves a miracle.
yes definitely :) i'll message you on tumblr about it tomorrow!
Don't worry about how you impact the world, you made your mark on the world the moment you took your 1st breath. You are here, aren't you?
Thanks for shopping! Score any new gear?
has been using spring break to think about future programming. What SoTL resources, programs, or content would you find useful?
that may prove to be true. But, you know it's what he'll be looking for
tf I don't ow you a solid and how did you get in my twitter
What the blood clot!
Could not be more proud of my tonight! What's not to love about this team? No all-stars needed.
Thanks my friend!
We will have a meeting of two Top Ten teams on winning streaks of 17 & 18 games meeting this week in Knoxville
one of my other favorites was Guy Smiley. Is he still around?
The last Bowery Bangs Some Girls live show tonight at Tammany Hall 152 Orchard 1030pm!! Free Show - Free Beer 10-11. NYC
I agree. “: I'm not trading Barrie/Elliott for anything less than a proven 30/40 goal guy who is signed”
It was all for the Games. How you acted.
RT DONE with my first year in nursing!!!!
Excellent choice! RT Calvin and I couldn't agree on a show, so we're watching Ren & Stimpy.
I've been Havin so many random run-ins with old friends this week!!! wonder what the universe is tryin to tell me....
: Using ur bk 4 mktg class I'm teach'g in Boston! Did u say custom ecommerce sites pull 10X better vs off-shelf? Where was it in bk?
Stop in... I'm here with all this amazing art and it needs a home. We close at 6pm.
so sorry for your loss
Follow , he's completely convinced that connective technology will help change the world in beautiful ways
haha,your welcome! im cool like that
Two headliners, & opener & a building that closes at 12? This was as late as we could start. You can still make wild nothing!
Nothing would be more tiresome than eating and drinking if God had not made them a pleasure as well as a necessity.
Love the excitement and passion of on the
Scopin' Kandinskys at the Phillips Collection with , and rest of my Bavarian hand muff'd posse.
I'm sitting in a airport right now. And I'm really sleepy.
Just once, I would like to wake up, turn on the news, and hear... "Monday has been canceled, go back to sleep."
Thanks for the RT!
well stated. Thanks for the lift.
#itseemslike having a baby is like buying a new purse or the new ebt card u got to have one
Today feels like such a great day, we hope it is for everyone!
did you make the eggplant parm and cannoli like I asked???
Just read the eating instructions on a Hot Pocket for the first time. There's so much I've been missing! It's like a new world is opening.
Gonna try to eat for practically the first time all weekend :(
so, who are you?!
My Heart is tattooed on my sleeve I'm not hiding. No It only hurts to breathe.<3 #Nowplaying On My Sleeve By Creed.
i love , he's my one and only <U+2665>
hate when your arms kill after stand up tanning :/
I will dazzle them with my other knowledge.
Say it.
i<3 harry potter, i think all HP fans should read it over
Just heard a pitch from an 8yr old about his character 'Bob The Idiot'. ...interest piqued!
China's April exports rise 4.9% as imports edge up 0.3%, far below forecast.
Michael Jackson cirque show tonight ! So freaking excited!! : Hold the fort down for me tonight
- great to see you today bro. let's get another breakfast on the calendar soon.
#Cheney got a new #heart. Wonder if he will suddenly turn into a nice caring person.
Thus ends the quarterly Shane Tweet Fest. :)
S/O to let's get this money cuz!
So I love dis app;-)
Apparently I won three 1D prizes so far. I don't want anything! I just want to go to their concert x|
"I have an Armani vest. If I had my arms cut off, it'd be an Armani jacket."
"I'd like to pollock all over you"
PITTSBURGH WE RUN THIS!!! RT : “: Young Wild And Free Is Platinum!!! Thank You Taylors”
I need to read this blog post
If you are experiencing crash issues in-game, please email the crash log(text file) to
late to the party by 5 mins but devils((((
#artpolitics tracking the body politic which is now wandering around stunned
Just uploaded some #LeBARC photos to #facebook. Check them out!
Wait how is it fixed?
#SadMomentWhen I go "Where's my phone?" And it's in my pocket! :P
Just about to start the tour.... excited.....
MSG must be fucking insane right now!!!!
Not when the play is this strong!!! AGAIN, you don't know the play!!!
this old man on the tram has got his legs out and long blk socks.
I agree:)
has a decent gluten free beer & nice wine. I miss The Abyss & Obsidian Stout-I hope they do a dark GF beer!
Does anyone know where I can find GREEN DENIM?
I should invest in a
We had an inspection with home owners of a house we're renovating and went very good!
Jo! This is awesome x 10^6! Big congrats!!!
RT : So long Bay area! One way ticket to KC! Can't wait to get to work with my new team on Mon!
Do non-elites have two revolving charge accounts at Tiffany and purchase 500K in jewelry there?
I want to make sweet love to you.
It's probable for there to be a dance with life, a imaginative reply to its intrinsic restrictions and troubles.
I C a guy in a BF Vikings shirt from time 2 time. “: A guy wore a Favre shirt to work today...man, is he getting teased. #WIProblems”
Always. Email me at
I call that ninja can't get right, cos that's just what he can't do!
mucho. but I like having something to look forward to :)
thanks to the Mihir power supply company
Enjoyed your web page does your shop do mail order
If you haven't read the book: Sold by Patricia McCormick, you should go read it. Very good book.
Corncob pull-ups are my new nemesis.
my man big ben is the toughest man in sports!
So many good sessions to choose from at upcoming #COFLA. Follow that hashtag to see who is pitching which sessions.
#TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Captain Planet ....!!! :-)
How's what? <3
Perforated paper literally never tears how it's supposed to.
on my radio: mariah carey- emotions. #throwback to when she was actually good
Popcorn was invented before movies. Butter spray is another story.
Took me about 15 tries to open this account. Completely forgot my login info.
But the west became very reductionist in the 19th and 20th centuries. That does not mean mysticism faded. But Christianity exorcised it.
I was thinkin about pullin one off to some ebony porn. But I think Im gonna smoke a sky dancer, take a poop, then drink a beer first
can you follow us back so we can send you more details on the event asap? thanks!!
Well it's official, I'm a grad student :)
i cant get you off my mind...
when are #BELIEVE tour dates coming out ?
Okay, So I'm Gonna Be On This More :)
Oh well, guess she doesn't need me.
Don't make permanent decisions on temporary feelings.
I strongly believe in ghosts because I've seen them with my own eyes.
Le Thai or sing-ha
me too baby i love you so much mwah
#libchat Goodnight friends, I am being summoned to enjoy pitas for dinner! Catch you next week.
Going downtown today to present for Polish Hill, Got to get the funding to help make our community plan a reality. Wish me luck !
Hey - great to see you at artstech last night. Wanted to tell you about Figment / Jackson, Mississippi. Can you DM me your email?
Don't wanna break your heart; just wanna give your heart a break.
agreed. I bet if he killed me everyone would just be like aw and then move on
See my answer on to: Child custody - It sounds like you would need to file a Supplemental Petition to modify th...
I live like a billion miles away from my school! :b
Coming up after the news break: More on "cookiegate" local issues, and your calls & emails.
thanks for following us!! Check out our music video #Rest :)
I hope you get your internet back soon. Happy Hanukkah to you and your whole gang there! Love Cody's hat in your profile pic!
Thanks! I'll have to check that out!
thanks gill!!
napkins dying is ur latest fashion!!!!
Wouldn't it be nice to make as much as a rock-star for one year!
Are you at work? Did you ask any of your bosses or coworkers about the interviewing stuff?
Once again Republicans using hatred of a group of people to mobilize their base.
Don't lower your standards to keep anyone , if they're not making you happy , it's time to find someone who does . .
Isnt the flu just so fun.!?!?!
Extremely tired.
Free ground shipping on all sales over $100.00. Place your orders at (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code 4826
": #WhatIDoKnowIs the most important relationship you can have is a relationship with God."
talking to baylor & being on a walk with him :D <3
I'm gonna find a lot of interesting things while I move out and clean everything..
Watching CSI NY
Indonesia-funded Hospital In Gaza To Open In 2013
Just realized I fell asleep during Inception. I think Mr. Charles may have been trying to infiltrate my subconscious mind.
Tomorrow, Friday, April 20th - City Year Milwaukee Open House. Come by the office at 5p to see what City Year is all about!!!
Everyone who starts school in the morning have a productive day
Prepare for Downtown Milwaukee strip club battle, redux. Coming soon. Fun times.
Ran into "Mr. S" from an illuminating KPFT broadcast back in 2008! ---
Thinking of getting a membership to the Natural Science Center so I can swing by and play w/the goats every day. That's not weird, right?
thanks man let me know if ya need nemore
Heading to Cheyenne to see and in concert. Should be AWESOME!!
Hey EveryBody How U Doin ????????
Happy Thursday everybody! :) :) :)
Wausau is excited to have you. What time will the eagle be landing?RT: So I get to hang out in Wausau. Rather excited about it.
Lol my moms like ' time is irrelevant to me '
ok I was just ask'n hehehe
Check out one of the funnier parody accounts I've seen
Bored out my mind, Lonely AF,
(part 3) My fear of the unknown is being successful at something truly challenging. I constantly feel out on a limb in this major.
.. Ok something u dont know.. You r not irritated just misunderstood!! :-)
I was about to ask why are you awake Tweeting so early. Then I remembered you're three hours later than me at the moment.
Offering a great Valentine's gift-a gift certificate for a 1 hour Swedish massage for yiour Sweetheart (a $100 value). Call 305-335-3855
Back Stage Rush today ! WOOT WOOT !!!!
Last day in studio !
THE THINGS I WOULD DO FOR PANERA
Gluten free pumpkin cheesecake? Yes please! is in this month's recipe section of the magazine - on newsstands now!
maria(bestfriend):you have a good figure me:aww maria:you might want to stop eating soon tho...
I feel like having a party!
You honor me - thanks!
I love that Epi and Joey in it.
I cant right now with this Laker Game tho
OART goes weeks at a time with no volume..only 7k worth of stock traded yesterday
Coffee, music, a blanket and homework. Looks like this is going to be the rest of my evening.
We lost Megaupload, then Filesonic... I don't like this trend.
#osama ... 2) What message would it have sent if we had captured but *not* killed #obl? 3) ...
im so sad..... Fisher
Denver looks great on Hopefully Broncos look good too!
I'm D O N E being nice to y'all, fck it !!
you me " your boyfriend and girlfriend and girlfriend" that one? Bahah
OK! A 3.8 earthquake in San Bruno,Ca...Few days ago 4..? in Hawthorne,Nv.Is Mother Nature going to give us a WRACK?!!!!!!!
Today's Thought: Thinking well is wise; planning well, wiser; but doing well is the wisest and best of all. -- Persian Proverb
RT : Join me park avenue for a Cinco de Mayo cooking class. I'm teaching awesome cocktails and fiesta food!...
Homeless retreat tomrrw nd sunday.kids gona be sleepin in boxes looks like it might rain on them XD kinda sucks i gettin to watch it buahaha
Hey : Get a copy of the pro-Brackett ad IACI is running on KBOI. It's the message for every incumbent Republican. And, it's good.
You know, I don't see any signs that say "Do not murder" - So what the fuck am I doing here?
Not to sound racist, but why does it seem like random black ppl r always tweeting trending topics... Who agrees?
Still kinda sleepy. I think I'll take a nap before my next class. I wish a daily nap was part of school like how it was in kindergarten.
Feeling a little bad about having dropped off the Twitterverse for a while. Also disconnected from the news.
thats huge. Congrats
April 6 BRO you gonna come to milwaukee for it?!
the royals broke my heart once again its coo tho 2012 is ours
I was wondering if anyone would catch that :)
-I find that the most talented #athletes seek out #coaches they can work "with" as opposed to "for" or in "fear of"
On the hunt for cosplayin' floozies. Lets go anime conji!
"The important is this: to be able at any moment sacrifice for what we are; For what we can become"
I'm #FREAKING out!!!
aww thank you <U+2665> love you too :)
I'm just trying to connect with the nature...lol
the "slight edge" is a consistent series of tiny-yet significant actions that are easy to do and easy not to do- Let's Do It -:)
So hilarious. When my friends and I found out it was her we were less than surprised, haha.
ugh feel terrible! i slept all day but i still feel bad :( might go to the ER later..
Listening to a radio talk show and it was the real nypolian dynamite on the show. It sounded NOT like him. Hahaha
what games?
Even after a dental appointment...he still finds time for a cold one. Thanks Dave!
TY so much for the follow! I'm a huge fan of the show! :-)
i finished mine (for my masters) this summer. it can be a killer but T-Dot u can do it!! go hard!
dude this is where it's at -
How can you be sure? Did it taste like human poop?
Working into the later hours calls for a little Speyside single malt.
Joyce was nice enough to let me go early......I ran out of there like a free slave! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>I's free! Got to get away from hyeah! <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+0093>
Glad to hear it
A.J. Jordan can't haul in Brennan's pass, and the White will have a 3rd and 9.
Suck it up, Bubba!
": haha you guys are brilliant" wrong.. you are ;p ..thanks for checkin us out!!
Why does a cat have canine teeth?
Thank you!
Just saw a lady at Walmart who looked like a half open can of biscuits.
my brother & his girlfriend are fighting over some stupid ass stuff -____-
RT : RT : I can't make you love me, want me, or understand me. All I can do is hope that someday you will.
Blessings to my pilgrimage peeps; miss you all!
Looking to buy a good hardshell electric guitar case. Anyone got a lead?
Bad Ass profile quote "To be number one, you have to train like your number two" Damn st8r bro!
There is this to be said in favor of drinking, that it takes the drunkard first out of society, then out of the world. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
The Picnic will be closed Monday December 26th and Monday January 2nd.
who doesnt like ham!!!!!!!!! i mean common seriosly!!!
That was a fun show! Thanks for coming out love :)
Since you've moved to broadcasting, how does the lockout effect what you are doing?
I've seen better (wigs).
Join me for an amazing performance at Cafe Was at 9:30pm with Some amazing gospel for the godless.
Krossover would never be able to pick up Florida's uniforms on video
girl is bear crawling around my house
Louisville notre dame coming down to the wire....not expecting either team to do anything in the tournament
Good morning everyone! Beautiful day in NYC. Hope you all have a great weekend filled with many great cocktail choices!
Of course I read ur tweets r I could not respond. Just tying to give U some encouragement: don't get 2 low or 2 high. Positive
We started out as a local corner bakery in San Francisco in 1974. Now we're baking the same recipes for the whole country! We love progress.
It might be looking at your beloved with new eyes
I don't know who Victorious is, but her Happy Meal toys are annoying.
Jonas Brothers > One Direction. Always.
id guess Ross and Hedges start in Eugene next year right? Does Kelly start in AZL or Eugene too?
At the First Night press preview at the Long Center
sometimes its my butcher, sometimes its my cousin Fat Vanessa, sometimes its one eyed Pete, or even Disaster Greg
i've missed born of osiris every time they've came to indy.. definitely not missing them this time!
give me $4 to get in cause you love me
It's a clear and beautiful night. Check out Mars, Venus, and Jupiter!
sure anytime! would love to talk! DM me!
Follow Me (:
coming to slc in a few weeks for ?
My friends >
ohh! I'm curious how the Wednesday night class is! I'd totally go with you if I didn't have crossfit :/
I do! RT : If anyone needs camel meat I know a place.
17 days til the Dream Home opening!!
I tend to show extreme distaste towards those who claim to love me then leave me.
": Get 'Trel up in the bullpen!"where Trel at?
not going to act like I'm rich 'cause I'm not at all - but in the erratic music business, it would take a lot..
Daughter Megan leaves Alaska this AM. Hope she enjoyed last night's gorgeous moonlight shining on the Tanana Valley. Will see her in a week!
#landofbrand hear 12 experts talk about marketing and building your brand.
what's the word on Thursday?
Look at netbooks on amazon.
Sitting at Milwaukee airport waiting on flight back to GA.
hey that's one of our dreams too! it looks so satisfying..smoothing out that ice...haha
HIGH FIVE! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Sundry has to be on ESPN on fat Tuesday. The nutty professor to dumb to come up with the potion.
Instead I just get defensive and make some comment about them not being able to see my eyes from where they are
Swiss Family Robinson sold out.
I envy your mental state right now.
and Thank you for the #FF mentions!
Hey!!! I miss you too! How are you???
Bratty husbands count to 20 or until asked,"Have we learned our lesson yet?"
You know "Oldtime football won.." guy is gonna call back because he hasn't been heard and that's what its about, not him listenin
Watching The Pitch on Netflix... SOO boring. They need a real character on this show. This does not capture the excitement of advertising.
Are you looking to treat an autoimmune condition with the parasites? I'm a believer that could work.
"[E]verything you absorb you're going to secrete." Tom Waits, interviewed for The Observer in 2006. Well put.
start a trend
yes I see ur on the east coast:( please let me know when u come to Hollywood
4 LIS460ers: anyone else have trouble opening igoogle screencasts? Probably my computer, but just checking!
My birthday is in 5 weeks and (almost) 3 days. #justsayin <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
Not really I only watch occasionally.
#imagine wearing one of Austin's sweaters. <3
If ur friends r talking bout there other friends behind there back odds r they culd be talking bout u 2 behind ur back...
Looks like I will be interviewing Anthony Tallarico, the creator of Lobo, one of the earliest African-American comic book heroes!
Big thanks to & for helping our kids plant tons of edibles this week.yum!
ohh yeah..like you can talk
Actually had an excellent #run on Sat for 20mi. Looking forward to the #FlyingPig!
it all depends what is it are you trying to get, consultation are done before hair services
#ThatAkwardMomentWhen there's only 3 people awake in your class.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Mac News Briefs- Navicat Premium Manages Database Servers ...
We will be attending the Franchise Expo South in 4 days! January 14th-16th at the Miami Convention Center, booth #709! Franchise opportunit…
Good question. How about the quality of those connections (besides quantity)?
From Fond's pastry chef, a sweet addition Jessie Prawlucki is opening Belle Cakery, a mostly takeout spot on East Passyunk.
Morning #Philadelphia, todays the day! So excited to see everyone later tonight at #TechInMotionPhilly!
Jesus girls are pretty cool
you're very welcome! We love you!
Thanks to everyone who voted today on PollMKE.com |
All P. Burress does is catch TDs...
Think #logotv should pick up the lost episodes of
There is hope, there is a reason we can lift our hands and sing.
Congrats on the new flicks! Would love to chat about it on my LA radio show...U could even do it from your cell-u-lar phone!
Are you making pancakes this morning with only one contact lens in? Not the best idea... and I speak from experience. ;- 0
My daughter negotiates like Scott Boras and my son behaves like Metta World Peace. Not exactly the sports identities I had hoped for them.
Someone really needs to hit me upside the head with a bat
Parents are not interested in justice, they're interested in peace and quiet. - Bill Cosby
#KW is going in April w #masterminds in #Vegas! Can't wait - I hear great things!
all matts fault!!! Stupid crazy talent guy!! Hahah we love u Matt!
$350 gift basket to the best dressed pet tmrw at the #ShelterHopePetShop Pet Parade #ThousandOaks. noon tmrw!
I've had that trouble ever since I upgraded to Snow Leopard. It sometimes takes as long as 15 minutes before printing happens...
even the sun sets in paradise
you didn't have to.
No better workout than #Crossfit. I go to Stone Oak Crossfit.
I feel like unfollowing every girl with #teamTaken on their profile... This isnt Facebook, nobody cares about your relationship status.
Ha! So true. RT : The '60s: when American filmmakers wanted us to believe Karen Black was hot.
back in Minnesota we do like our buns!
I'm Going To Sleep! Even Thought I Have A Lot To Think About.. G'Night :/!
Lol yeah tell me about it. Hopefully my brother will get me tickets for the Believe tour. Only if I'm nice though :P
thats what I was about to tell you
If you were homework, I would slam you on the table and do you right now
#ESTgirlproblems''RT : The only time I will ever get married is if you make me as happy as does.
it is ridiculous
Over 100 followers already. Thanks for following guys! Now don't forget to promote and go like their fb page!
yes I did. Posted it on Facebook too! Thanks, it was an awesome photo! :)
I'm on a mission for perrier in the gaslamp wish I had my board.. attn
getting ready to go and shoot a video - isn't marketing fun?
I don't think I've ever been this excited to see someone. I'm so pumped to spend my day in Chicago tomorrow :)))
Been up all night. Just watched Danny Trejo in "Bad Ass." What a movie. He's about 65 yr. old man going around kicking ass for 1:30 minutes
I want to do something exciting, something I don't normally do..
Listening to :D
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that doesn't think before they speak !
Time just needs to slow down.
we have the same birthday!
thanks! great for the team and for Seattle!
Joe Johnson close to signing 6 yr/ $119 Million contract with the Hawks
I only walk in ONE DIRECTION;)
Ben at my gma house wit da fam all day
What no not fair
is the dirtiest FIFA player I've ever played against
And when I get my hair colored I'll still wear my streaks. Lol no forreal
Thanks to Dusty.
At peace with it finally... Smiling at this beauty called life.. ^_^
The conversations me and have:)
Thank you, Joey dear. Xo
Scientists discovered the world's first hybrid sharks in Australian waters. Sharks are adapting to climate change.
I hate petty ass people
let's go on tour already. shall we?
I totally wish I still had it!
what do you do with all your stuff then??!! the other end, oh wait LOL cc
?The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears, the figure that she carries, or the way she combs her hair
”Why limit happy to an hour?”
thanks!! Same to you Keith!!
OMG, I'm being followed by Roland Hedley. Why?? Did somebody forget to redact my name from the "torture" memos?
RT Mondays are the universe's way of reminding you why you should go to the Dark Side, build a Death Star and blow up planets.
u must
Im out for the night loves, leave me with a blown up twitter to wake up to <3
lol, ok. I have my share of back pain but it's manageable. Hope you feel better!
Wind Bill on the brink-need anyone that can to show up in Annapolis at 8:30a Monday-Lawyers Mall. Whole coalition is coming. Spread the word
call me ASAP bruh!!!
I'm in that picture too!
Omg... just tweeted :)
great playing with you Sunday. Hopefully we'll catch you in sweet home Chicago!
Better luck next time :/
My Dad lost 40lbs since he became a vegan, just found out he reduced his blood press 20pts in 6 mo after switching to a whole foods diet.
setting up a super top secret password then when you go back to it years later.. you can't remember it. #TRIPLEFAIL !
People with clenched fists cannot shake hands - Indira Gandhi
how do we know? Does PP maintain separate accounts for medical procedures vs abortions?
The Whistleblower. Hard to watch stuff, my friends. To be followed by an episode of Elizabeth Gets Stupid Crazy Angry at Humanity.
Chin down, Fist up, BLAST EM!
the boys I watch told me it was his Bday. So we recited our fav Dr. Seuss-isms the whole way home from school. He's the greatest!
Ugh! My phone is jacking up :|
what's up with these woman with stevie wonder hair lines lol
#Madonna is still the ultimate #Trophey for #Cougar #Hunters everywhere..
:O Oh snap!! :( gosh that's kind of a bummer!
What I Ive learned in my social media class: social media wont go away, protect your brand & focus ur attention where ur audience is
MT Has a work of art ever given you chills in a good way? Been a long time...but today i remembered #GoogleArtProject (via )
eat than nap>>>>
AGAIN? OMG.
3 golden globes
#Hoosiers receive a very warm welcoming onto the floor. Plenty of Indiana red in the building
he's got his game face on.
I know, great timing. I'm physically fine. I chased her, called the cops and filed a report. My car's damaged but drivable.
Oh, yes. We've been waiting.
oh my, hello Pittsburgh #earthquake!
is this the start of a twitter addiction??!
200 Stuart St. Boston! We can't chance having you get lost...we're too excited to show you around!
: To realign your heart when you lose sight of a mission, look at what matters most (the clients, mission, issue)
Moms Mothers Day present... check! Her loving it.. Check!!:)
Instead of asking why. Ask, why not?
I am exhausted after a day full of touring and talking with museum/art people in Racine WI. Great day though!
Waking up to Rocko a half inch away from my face, sniffing my nose. I figure he has his reasons.
lax day in #LA. But a bit sad that the hot guy who worked at my gym no longer works there. He was one of the small happy bits of life!
You can certainly file it under your insurance as long as you have comp coverage!
Win a free garden! Res, church, school, or other institution eligible. Winners announced 5/1 wk day. Go to VGI website to register
Happy Hour all day on Tuesday at Amber! $4 Sliders, $4 Wood Fired Pizzas, $4 Draft Beer and more! See you this evening!
yes, then you knew who to trust!
Bottom of the 1st. #Padres come up with some runs 2-0 #Padres over the
Aw nice. See now THAT needs to happen.
even more fail type.. My bberry is not agreeing with me.. Fucking auto correct
Oh Heyy there(:
let me know if you want to place an order thru email.
Much needed fun night with friends :) wish the not thinking thing could last all night though *sigh*
Less than 60 likes til reaches 7000 views I know yall gonna help and like it just TAP like! Go go go
What are your favorites in the series? I seem to remember "Bad Blood," "Triangle," and "Dreamland" the most from childhood
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.
My new Thursday night is at club rain 516 brooklyn ave, SA, TX no cover all night! 21+ guys 18+ ladies! Don't miss this its gonna be crazy!
Every minute 3,000 images are uploaded to Flickr-the photo sharing social media site
Of course I find an effective way to study, at the end.
We've done that....waiting...
effing amazing. Working a ton and expanding my client list at an alarming rate. Yourself? How's Whorelando
Haven't smoked in some years, haven't drank in some months, haven't been a player n weeks, haven't fucked somethin since a few minutes ago!
Just saw a little boy recite his christmas list to some fat, big white beard, dressed in red man in la carreta
hey hey! Do you use SEO mktg? Have an SEO expert friend who wants 2 hlp me drive more traffic 2 my sites. Any suggestions? :)
thank you sir!!!
RT people might be laughing at Rebecca Black but if theyd pay attention to 99% of songs today, lyrics are ALWAYS awful/childish
Happy Easter!
it's a lovely scent (in a william shatner voice)
It's a lot easier than it appears to be. I'm rocking at it now that I know!
hot cocoa, blanket, sofa, watching snow and live actions in #egypt. A surreal working day.
Great to see you on Twitter Judith, I hope to study with you in NYC someday.
That's cool.{: I'm still sitting here haha I'm about to get up. :P
GO FOLLOW HIM AND I WILL GIVE YOU SHOUTOUTS :D<3
I would like to see Jackie save him for a change. For him to actually be scared for his life.
We were doing so gpod till u got home.
So, the price of drinks at a Miami hotel that costs $600/night are the same as most bars in DC. Just sayin'. (PS-I'm not staying here.)
does truth have twitter?
Me All Day and everyday
Find something worth holding on to and never let go ; <3
It's cool to see parents of children with diabetes and gluten intolerance when they find www.yestocookies.com
is a bitch and needs to come over huh
My brother is swimming with sharks today in S. Africa. I am concerned about both his safety and his reasoning skills.
just woke up from a well needed/ deserved nap... back to studying until practice!
Kill them with kindness :)
God will give it to you, if he can get it through you<3
I wish I could afford meet and greets! WAHHH
Feeling good
no jackass another time. Lol on the outside. And it was a single egg in the outside
Finally caved & went into that nice looking record store on Mississippi Avenue - it is Super Cool! I'm sunk!
yeah! I was thinking about emailing him that I refuse to do a project that involves siding with something so terrible.
Please respect my space and as far as you're concerned, it extends from the Pacific Ocean to the Mason-Dixon line.
Hope Pat doesn't mind me sleeping in his bed tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><U+2601><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
has been like a mother to me in the entertainment biz. Happy Mother's Day.
Thanks so much, looking forward to getting started.
Lets try minimum wage anf porta potties and clean water and no sexism or harassment, This is not new my daddy picked onions
This rainy day is reminding us of Dublin. Stop in for some traditional Irish fare and wash it all down with a Guinness.
#ificantakebackonething my nut
Hosting training webinars on a variety of research tools and topics daily this week.
Thank you :)
off to work feeling awesome!
I'll be there...sleepy, but present! Go Allison!
Stressin' y'all. Needing some positivity up in hurr!
#Rangers cannot allow #Senators to turn this game into a goonfest
if noticed me i would be so happy <3<3 i love you hollandd
to watch...soccer, golf, baseball tied. To play...soccer and baseball tied
My plans for the next 3 hours will solidify my place in the 'loser' category
Android is a child of Linux. And Trovald needed a good op sys for himself and friends and set off a world revolution!
Why does everybody look busted today sheesh lol
PMP exam tomorrow...this separates the contenders from the pretenders!
We are demoing Chameleon Cold-Brew from 11am-3pm today at on Miller Ave. Come on out and give us a try! Pics are always welcome
RT:“: I dont know if you know this or not but, I am The Penn.”
Covering fishing opener in Waconia. A sign says, "fishing is not a matter of life and death. It's much more serious than that."
now playing Mrs Robinson by what a time warp dancing around my kitchen cooking :)
You know what goes great with 's Italian steak sandwich? Roasted eggplant soup.
Hello sales are doing great. Go online shop with me today www.healthyhairbyracheal.com
please illuminate, what is #mw2010 for us sitting in our offices?
One our "Finest" will be moving on...Sorry to see you go "Hawk"! We've had A LOT of memories, mostly good ;) Keep Well and All the Best!!
how about you just shut the hell up and leave my best friend alone.. that would be fan-fucking-tastic. duece.
Shipping up to Princeton, MA for a private gig this weekend. After a all local shows last weekend, we sure do miss our beloved tour bus
Trying to re-wire a coffee maker @!#&$ :)
only talked too quintin , just so she can have a bf . ashli " said quintin aint her type " and i was like ...........idgaf
Can you text Jean and find out the security code on the verizon account and message it to me? Phone's down
Been on a roll of no smoking. Just avoid annoying people for the rest of my life. #nosweat #igotthis--> nice 4th day, aqui
"We need to empower our parents." Michael Flores, Madison School Board candidate at noon Rotary
Thanks for having on. Good breakdown of UK vs. IU
The ability to talk to animals has been my favorite superpower since Dr. Doolittle. And, I'm serious.
USA / MIAMI (stein)
It makes them sound all "spiritual".
S#!t is going down on #Grimm tonight!
Rangers win + a half shirtless Gavin Rossdale = not a shabby Sunday night!
Ohh okay cool I'm sitting here with my friend...
Piracy are the consequences of a bad api
Le Liban and Al Quds. Just a cooler way of saying Lebanon and Jerusalem
The April issue is going to be out biggest ever.... Got some HUGE interviews lined up today and tomorrow...stay tuned!
Its all about the heat boys
There's not enough vicodin in the world for me to watch the Daytona 500.
Lol! I think the answer is pretty clear. :)
Go #mubb! The luck of the #Irish was with #Milwaukee!
"i feel like patrick henry or something." - some guy with a pool triangle on his head.
"It's like pink lemonade...but drunker."
Chances are if she was acting up then i fucked her once and never fucked again!
we get 'em for everything else- never got one for this...
I'll come.
glad to hear that! is a visionary and a paradigm-smasher of the first order
I'm beat.
Hey, thanks for the follow!
I think you're one of the most naturally beautiful people I've ever met! You're so humble, genuine, and sweet! I love you!
“: Just got asked to be on the 'Voice' by the producers of the show!” this girl is awesome... Check out her music on YouTube
Hate it when Wade is off... needs to get in a groove
It's finally the #weekend! Celebrate by having a Bartab drink at one of our partner venues around #Chicago!
I'm still waiting for you to follow me lol. Ha ha hope all is well Mr. Talented.
jus took shot #1 wit waitin on our 4th to get out of his coma. not like we jus finished school or anything
#supportlocalmusic Live with 3shots of local bands. Stop by Follow us. Share.
Ken Jackson suggests for a better city allow restaurants to easily have outdoor seating. AMEN!
Sitting here wearing a long sleeved shirt, pants, socks and wrapped in a blanket. Something is wrong here.. #Cold #wtf #itsalmostsummer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
IMAX was everything you could want to watch transformers, but I don't know about those two "ghetto" bots in the movie?
We're coming on Friday! Can't wait!!
I took a look outside a little after 1am. I didn't see any aurora either. Went to bed after that.
Worst thing about a swoosh account is no discount on Retros...
Mom as cheerleader morning: Pumped up a sad/mad at his disability and special ed kid this morning. I know its normal, but I am pooped.
Step 9: Nurture the change. Surround yourself and engage with others. Keep learning.
Wonder what Jack is up to these days. Advising Libyan rebels?
definitely an A this will help ware get even more sacks
and the veins in the shrimp, eek lol
You would be the last person I think that would text me...
You can see that the Grizzlies have way more playoff experience then the Clippers. Very evident early.
omg they're giving tickets for one direction!!
Disclosure: today is official, I am the new president elect of the American Family Therapy Academy :)
I'M GOING TO DELETE MY COVERS IF YOU DO NOT COME BACK SOON. I ONLY DID THEM CAUSE YOU ASKED ME TO.
are most of the galleries and spaces closed on Monday?
Put it in my fanny pack in a baggy.
What'd you think of the dunk?
I need somma dat hood mentality
that awkward moment when you flirt with some one but you dont relize it and he looks/acts/talks just like you ex
I must say the guys tonight are mighty interesting!!!!
I am a salsa fiend!
Will be at #REBNY tonight, please find me and introduce yourself.
"I'm just a hunchy person naturally." -
I was like uh, I miss this girl that touches my nose all the time ! :(
thanks bro
According to , I am a Networker. Apparently my online style matches my offline style quite well. At least I'm consistent.
which?! : Just when you think & couldn't get any sweeter, they leave a Wichcraft sandwich on your desk
I Jus Wanna Show You How Much Im Dedicated To You. .
No comment."We used to look up at Detroit. We've grown to the point where we have a great respect for them but not in awe of them. -Trotz”
**RT2WIN CONTEST** RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to , & at on May 16th!
Wow just doing updates on Zillow.com
purely accidental but great to know! ...So I guess we can have you back again? :)
for "cleaning" Swype autocorrect heard "colonic". which could work. in a different context.
Yes...exhausted though. We've been running around all day. How was the red-eye? cc
cheer loud and eat some banditos for me
Point me in the direction of that then! That's likely what I'll be doing ...
Tim Burton's "Dark Shadows"? Too predictable a project for him. Tim Burton's "The Brady Bunch"? Now that I'd like to see!
how come hutchy looks like a star dwarf in your avi?
DSK warned over 'prostitution ring'
Thanks for that, Lynyrd Skynyrd brightens up my day :-)
Headley & Hundley are starting to kill me again, and Hundley's not even playing tonight.
If the road you travel, has no obstacles, It leads nowhere
Sitting on the computer for hours, then suddenly thinking, "Why is there no music playing?!"
without Justin Bieber carrying mayweathers belts
Will offer it up to my 7th graders next week, excited about blekko!
Remember to register to win an i pad at WWW.pcisolutions.com
To win RT : For what? RT : I'm picking Shane and Floyd tonight
when they made it seem like they were doing us a favor by raising the price.
You bitches are like summer, no class (;
I meant well! I think I've just caught your #CANTSPELLDIEASE! :D
People still black mail other people.
"Creativity involves breaking out of established patterns in order to look at things in a different way." (Edward de Bono)
Finally getting sore from Bootcamp last night with
In the middle of third glamour photo session with Angelica. Going great! Can't wait to work on the photos and upload them.
NEED TO RELEASE ENERGY. WANT TO GO OUTSIDE.
I worked on radio down here, sattellite radio shows, mix tapes etc etc...I got vehicles wraped and so on...over 20yrs strong.
I know right:)
I've been watching tv all day :o wtf .
It is THE nicest day in #nyc yet this year...perfect temp, no clouds, light breeze
Gonna be another long day today (-___-)
it's been worthy of jealousness down here man. One more round today!
1812- #Napoleon left his palace in #Paris to begin the March to
is exploring SF with his buddy Sathvik.
Left/ RT Hey! Can you tell me how to get to Bleecker Street?
Audition for Ash tomorrow for a commercial! Busy, busy, busy! : )
I loved 24....they should bring it back Kiefer
Good Morning & Happy Thursday Everyone
thank you! You ROCK
Yeah, We do Skype lessons sometimes and we go sometimes, too.
Are you on Pinterest? So are we! Search Abington Community Library to find our boards and follow us!
I try but it sounds so gay dude.. And it hurts
Since our Colts aren't plying today, who are you cheering for? The Steelers or Packers?
Thank you for retweeting. I appreciate it very much
#ShoutOut to the people who didn't wanna be cool with me when I was younger & now want some of this , EAT A DICK ...
This isn't as easy as I thought it'd be...
Everyone have a great weekend... dont drink and drive..
defense wins championships
"If content is king, context is God."
I think most of us are a mix. I've consistently got Ravenclaw on those quizzes, but I probably have traits of all 4 houses.
Crying at the ending of your favorite show<<<<
can we make "leave that room" happen as a mantra? (in re: newt) i'm thinking celeb wrist tattoos, a club banger, etc.
It's raining so much. It looks so cool
Canine - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
ever coming to Maine ?!
I love Neil diamond...
que Honda compadre?
happy birthday :)
People who talk too much about nothing -.-
Bulls won
the world needs more teachers.
I should have said 5/$80 to beat Wilson's deal.
Here i am in the flesh look your killer in the face
Wish Simi PD would bring in GPR to check site for Body to see if its Lindsay Wells !
Oversigning, structure and luck have played quite the role too but NOTHING comes close to the edge in shelling out for the best.
Candy Land Wedding
sorry ladies in in Massachusetts.
gonna watch harry potter all night and wish i was at the premiere for the last movie, woo :3
Laura, I like the way you think! Thanks for the kind words to Dr. Pardo too - I had a great first week!
ordering shoes online
Brian's image in for Illinois - should be live now
Well...Today is going to be rough.
Hungover days have become more tolerable with
I had a BIG ASS panini for lunch, and I feel like I had a BIG ASS panini.
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Have a fun day - we hope you're wearing green!
My mom knows the words to More Than This. She loves ! <3
Hello charlotte!
I'm talking hologram duets with myself
ya new boyfriend ctfu!
Im convinced Howard Hesseman was never off the acid
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn. - Benjamin Franklin
hahaha Stephen Hawking Jr! I'm doing better, thanks man
Stepping on a Lucky Charm and feeling like a cereal killer.
The folks in our class are rocking through the hands on filming part! Multiple camera angles and all! Wow.
What do you think of the Mayweather fight ?
Thanks for retweeting!
enterprising, but ruthless.
Hey! Haps to the new year!
i think that i never had a dejavú ;O
Muller: harvest creativity of people around the world, ran a global competition for creating innovative apps for development
I'm so ready for spring break. Too many people are just pissing me off here. 17 days 17 days 17 days.
happy born this day :)
just trying to make it last as long as possible!
Can we interview you for our teen webshow? :) #FollowBack Please? :)
brazilian blowout??
I know its january and all, but does it have to be snowing?
Simple joys- a sunny day and a fingerprint-free iPad screen.
Just want to take the time out to thank all my new followers!
do you think you'll make it out tomorrow?
My colleagues at Bay Area Aspire Public Schools start school on Monday! Looking forward to working with you & your young people again!
I use Vitamix and love it. Btw, getting on a summer cleanse soon...any yummy shake recipes I should try out? :)
Is PP about a non-essential gov funded program that uses tax payer money = useless cut it
new boy toy? cute. yall are adorable together :))
And Congrats to our hermana for being inducted into the GW Hall of Fame!! Theta Chapter is doing big things :)
Turned into a gorgeous evening. Getting ready to grill some fish & hang outdoors for a while. A relaxing evening....
In (hopefully) unrelated news, I'm discovering that I possess an annoyingly eclectic libido.
The level we're on, I don't think I can talk to you about everything anymore. Well not without upsetting anyone.
Good point. I really want to teach Emerging perspectives in my systematic theology class though.
Woke up to random production crew members asleep in my living room. Gotta love filming
sending positive vibes to my love
thank u...
BORGIA opens this evening with and -- who do you think is the tallest of that bunch?
which songs by which bands/artists have had a huge impact on your life? Would love to know
RT : Remember Congressman Joe "you lie!" Wilson? Yeah, he was actually right. Obama lied (shocker!). bit.ly/pRKf2h
I thought hotpants were daisydukes? either way I saw the playsuits the other day & just about cried.
At circle tourney
You reep what you sow
... and if you're ever in #Baltimore, I'll be happy to go for a run or give you a route!
Sleep = Distant memory
hmm let me think?
I might as well give up on trying to explain to my cat the difference between "next to" and "on top of."
yum!!! Might inspire a walk up my hill to the local Have a great day, game 7 tonight!!
We appreciate your effort! :)
Freddie Mac: 15YR Fixed-Rate Mortgage Hits Record Low
Thank all media for having incompetent public trial by jounalist further smearing the Martin case; dad statement is inadmissible evidence
Can't wait to join you guys! xoxo
The Subcreative ELITE!
#OnMyWishlist is sailing in the BVIs
TRR's Guest Bloggers for the month: While Giants Sleep. You have got to check these guys out!!!
I've been constantly jizzing for the past 3 hours..
I thought you were busy:o
come through tomorrow yoooo Gaby and Fanelli are coming!
Why in the hell was #topchef Texas moved to Canada?!..Don't mess with Texas!
yes! They are awesome! Now, how to change MINE? Have plans for 2012...time will tell...Thanks for the ideas!
I love listening to you sing!
hApPy VaLeNtInEs DaY !!!!!!
go with it girl. Uchicago will still be here when you get back and so will I.
Congrats to for coming out! Honey, I am proud of you. Live as who you are! Be yourself. We love you!
RIP Adam Yauch
I hate that. Today's lunch yoga class was the only thing that got me through the day....so stressed
I love you and :)
CODY! WILL YOU PLEASE tweet me since i am missing your show tonight? it would mean so much to me... :)
she done had enough shame already n deh cyan stop talk bout it
Today has been crazy busy, and I just got called into work. Looks like I won't be seeing Say Anything tonight. :(
~*wild friday night on the internet*~
This is perfect for those of you who wish to stay in Israel following an event or course
Happy Thanksgiving everyone :)
A woman can have as many as 20 orgasms in an hour using a vibrator.
New Mixtape "The Seed" Coming Soon!!
Sometimes I can just be a real bitch. I feel bad when I don't believe someone when they were being honest. I love you babyy, i'm so sorry.
Those are the three things the ego is doing all the time. It's very important to be aware of them every time they come up.
Like this-"We're trying 2 do smthing completely different, not bcuz it's different, but bcuz we're looking 4 different outcomes"
Preparing for an group overview with my travel buddies. Getting more travel with less stress. Come see tonight 7pm, Quality Inn, Cahill Main
Great Monday... sorry to see the sun go away!
It's official: On 7/28, we are opening our doors as the Baltimore Food Co-op! 2800 Sisson St. 9AM, come and be the first to shop!
Who is ready for some new FAB babies!
let me cook 4 u 4 a week n teach u some healthy but still calorically and protein rich recipes n u can watch me starve lol
That is seriously one of the happiest stories I've heard
The CATHOLIC CHURCH just doesn't want PAUL RYAN to carry the PEOPLE and the NATION to HELL with him. PAUL RYAN, YOU HAVE SIN BIG TIME!
Thanks for the follow. I am so impressed. Never met a diamond cutter before.
I'm in the same boat re sports + no cable. I head to a local bar, but that's tough on a Bears fan in WI.
#Tipsy #teamtipsy we #4 on the hot #8 at #8 S/O to ding ding ding from and
Awesome accelerated program. Get it, get out. Time for a life where I can spend my weekends on things I enjoy.
##Str8LykeDes... What did you expect..?
So today I'm gonna tweet random crazy thoughts like the First Lady looks hot striking the Heisman Pose with the Dallas Cowboys
yea... Im not gonna be able to get my ride fixed tho. so yall gonna have to find a way
..really? Keep that denial when the tables are turned, coward!
spoiler alert: we're all gonna die
EyeSeeVideo.com for a limited time the service has been discounted to 6.95 entry level. This product will change remote view monitoring.
Birds eye. I gotta clear view. You can't see me but I can see you
Haha well naturally yes
thanks so much! :)
hey girl
Three days left to get your Jack's Mannequin tickets!
Get out do something.....
it was. I'm w shelia. She's still looking for a good chicken place.
Ovi making me look good, just called him the best athlete playing any sport in the world right now on Melbourne sports radio
Dear Math and Biology, I refuse to be defeated by you and your concepts! I will end up triumphant in our battles! oh, ditto for you Spanish!
Gyourko, we are missing the #supply side. Too many goods, how can you get rid of excess housing.
That was it
so this is the be4, but how bout the after pic?
I think you should just give into the power of "augmented reality." You'll be like Darth Vader.
is learning all about Twitter for her History in the Digital Age class!
i don't think he can do it.
ha, you're down the street from where I work.
it has more than pandora, but you have to set the recommendation slider to obscure or it will rec more popular things
whens the show? wanna meet up sat or sun and play a song for our lense somewhere? logan monument or...?
Thanks for following Jonathan
Why did we pass #altmintax if people can avoid it? Do we need an alt alt min tax?
Grr. Missed the demo day!
If #footlocker, #champs or the #nike store aren't having sales tonight then you won't see me out at a storre tonight.
For the sake of your future in Boston, Adrian, get a hit.
Delay is not denial.
tried working on my math review. fell asleep on my first problem. lovely.
wait but both of them were? O.0
have you hugged a bear lately? Stop by our page and tell us about your best bear story www.facebook.com/mamabearsplace
"Break a leg" to all of our Showcase performers this evening! We are excited to see you launch into the professional world of #acting!
yeah I live millions of miles away.. :/
thank God we have a gas stove/oven. I am starving!
And don't forget rude and controlling
follow me
Merchant interviewing Mayweather cracks me up.
Haley:Dear College, cheese makes me gassy, see you in Sept. Cam:How'd she know I'm gay? Mitchell:Maybe b/c you ordered a drink a doodle do.
Is that seriously 50 Cent and Beiber w Mayweather??
Predicting will have more followers than by the end of the night...
Does anyone actually believe mopping does anything?
I can't wait to see this eve at the Beacon! Woohoo. True thing people.
but if not owned one's words can be twisted
#20ThingsAboutMe; 11. I'm generally nice until you start to dislike me for no reason.
when are you coming to cincinnati?
luv my new pics : ) can't post b/c they're magazine quality!!!
you should see me... It's not good
Don't wanna work, rather sit at home and watch the #brewers game!!! Go Brew Crew!!! :-)
Forgiveness doesn't change yesterday but it does enlarge tomorrow.. let go, forgive, walk and act with love..!
Im the outsider of the InCrowd
it was every time I came to the Spanish room and you guys were in there. Haha
Nothing will be the same, so what's the point in pressing on?
Why don't u hack their phones & find out? “: Have the Navy SEAL Team 6 heroes who killed Bin Laden now been killed themselves?”
Hurry up and finish so we can hear them.
: RT Peter Mayhew on Twitter? Thanks for the tip! I met him several times over the years. He's a gentle giant in the soul.
*correction* a man on ur team.
Went through hell and back for you tonight.
Monday night I'm going to the Parker Quartet. Want to meet up after the concert for a glass of vino?
The Awkward moment when everyone gets the joke except you.
I rather HAVE a UGLY BITCH dat TAKE dick instead of a SEXY BITCH dat can't even TAKE dick!")
well these were some drama boys so that makes sense haha
Why the fuck it loks like a bunch of feathers put on her head. It loks cool but at the same time she looks like a fool RT
Learning new things about life, and yourself everyday is the best way to be. You become a better person that way :)
gotta love Dave
oh well i didnt see it and if you look at his page hes fighting off haters too.
So excited to watch take Heritage to PTown tomorrow.
Can't wait to win his "I hate t-shirt.
These girls out here must not think they're valuable giving out their treasure like it's nothing shit is sad to me
I'm looking for a service to weed my garden, plant my tomatoes, and cut the grass
follow me wheres_mykie
Stop. Close you eyes. Remember your favorite game as a child.
"Can we buy girls insted of slurpies?" M I want those sexy baseball players so bad! With
Tune in to hear more songs and questions live with Jon Herrington of #grammy award winning
looking for a Director of Technology - Interactive, NYC
Put a hump in your back & shake your rump...it's the middle of the week, HUMP day baby”””
#awkwardmoment when you're best friend becomes a total stranger
IS JUSTIN IN LONDON?!?
Experimenting is gud but not with orange color
you'll like Scandal too
Spiced cider & Spanish coffees while the fire is on?! YES please!! Come down to the LR and relax!!
it should be fun, keep us posted
Happy 12th, Google!
imo Handling and torque fun for driving around. I can keep up with bf til about 115 then he looses me lol. For track not top
so paula abdul is done! triflin! women will continue to be under paid :/ smh
#Entrepreneurship takes a lot of creative energy. Where do you get inspiration?
At gathering of Tom Brown supporters at Ray's The Steaks. Ebullient crowd, upbeat and loving their candidate.
I promised myself I ll never 2nd guess myself or my talent cause its some whack ass artists out here and their confidence is thru the roof
Beginning of the week, end of the month, middle of recording our album. In the studio :)
So, the media MAY exaggerate? “: Just watched the Lexington Fox 10:00 news. A bunch of people enjoying themselves, no "rioting."”
I've got the sad face. Lol
Don't forget to tune into Underground Television this Sunday!
Made 55 dollars in tips tonight. Pretty good considering its sunday.
Usually we are there- it's normally the only vacation of the year( that and the rally in October)
Thx to all who came out today!
You don't like what?
“ House party tonight Knights Cirlce at my place Free Drinks build 4 apt 308”
Feeling really good this evening!
Don't Trust the B---- in Apt 23 is my fav new show since New Girl. Alternacute rules.
Teaching how to use twitter, he's cracking me up cause he's mad he doesn't have a million followers already. :p
lose weight like a guy? really? check out www.susanefine.com
Oh NO for O.J. Does anyone even care about OJ anymore?
3rd pool day in a row. must be dreaming...
IT'S LIKE BACKWARDS FAYGO!?
Thank god for a beautiful day.(: Goodnight
I got a podcast we are trying to get sponsored by PBR. Funny you say that :)
Happy 19th Anniversary to my hubby Love you! FYI, if anyone asks, we got married when I was 10.
that I can talk :)
Same! We have IGSCEs too! It's horrible! Have you picked your options! ;)
Every single one of my followers call this number 10 times to vote. It's free. #thevoice. 1-855-864-2303.
Jaguar Announces All-New Sports Car: The Jaguar F-TYPE
who don't know where their mothers are. There are mothers whose children have died."
Ink my whole body. I don't give a motherfucker! ^.<
I'm through accepting limits cause someone says they're so. Some things I can not change, but til I try I'll never know.
Texas has the patty melt from Whataburger & Australia has Patty Mills. The Spurs' just happen to have both! LOL
mybaby is flipping u the bird right now. She just learner.
I wonder how guys next 2 me at gym feel about having 2 stare at tranny's ass implants infront of us. Probably feel same way I do: awesome
Just racked a gallon of dandelion wine into a secondary. See you in three months, yeasty golden slurry.
um i love the staten island girls .... Miss yalllllllll
Your face pisses me off.
Now that it's been established I wanna know who the hell told melon that it was mazin? damn you hawaiin punch!!!
Josh Voorhees, editor, #Slate runs Slatest, #WFUD12: We provide "transformative value" by explaining in 200 words what original said in 1000
Afternoon nap, yeah!!!
its so fun. If you like good food and no sales tax this is a great place to visit. Plus everyone is insanely nice.
If he wants you breast,legs,and thighs send him to KFC your a lady not a cheep value meal!(:
: yes Turner being aggressive Is key
lol I am happy! And I know right??!!!
WOW!! Sorry I missed that show!
I read the Playboy for the definite articles.
Kris Jenner. Pffft. That's why I'm not managing my kids. I'm their mom. Period.
The MWD Board is meeting now on the proposed water rate increases... If approved, water rates will have increased 101% since 2006
Study: Heavy teens have trouble managing diabetes
Its all in the mind set, it applies to all our endeavors. I think anyway. =]
Hopefully it gets better girl, trust is the first step and the last step in everything RT : Trust issues....
. i'm not sure. intransigent woman on phone couldn't/wouldn't. i left a VM 4 her boss. if u follow me, i can DM.
you knew she was dark skinned before you asked for the nude
Absolutely! Thanks for having us.
just started 3rd!
Loyalty will always be an issue if your fucking with fake people !,
OFFICAL LAUNCH party "One Nite Stand" is tonite @ Meze 205 N. Peoria 10PM-2AM Come party with the hottest Latin crowd in Chicago. No Cover
faith and love work together. faith is enrgized by love
My background krispy > and go see .
What did the egg say after he was put in a pot of boiling water? I just got laid by a chick and now I'm getting hard
Habitat for Humanity: We helped build a house today...and yes, we got to use powertools and saws.
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring
Social practices and institutional architectures are needed to manage environment created by new media and collaboration
So how is it that I didn't know about Iron and Wine until now?
Just so you know, it is currently 20°F in Hibbing, Minnesota, and 71°F here in sunny San Diego, California...
37. #Astros 8 #Brewers 3 | Wolf tagged for seven / feast or famine with this team / starving on most days.
I'm needing some Jersey love
Yay bubba! So sweet seeing him celebrate that win!
I'm getting every other channel BUT Fox!!! Why why why!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
HOLY CRAP THOSE THROWS WERE TERRIBLE!
You reply so fast.. are you waiting for me? How sweet of you!
Well....for your information.... What I do, I do well and what I don't do well, I don't do at all.....
Dale Chu and Jon Gubera are now presenting Indiana's A-F Accountability Model to the Select Commission.
There was a time I felt the love from ... But now -_-
You want to do something great in this world? Want to fulfill your purpose? Want to make a difference? Then be submitted. U cant do it alone
"Hey, I recognize you! You're one of the twins!"- A woman to me this morning
“: bust nuts on life” you said it.
I fucking hate you.
the morning show sucks without Boomer
Did you just call yourself flat chested?!?
Cuz I ride or die babe we gon be good And if you ride or die we gon make it out this hood
RT : RT "It is very important to engage; it is multi-layered conversation." - YES
Thanks for sharing!!
Pre-Paid Legal Services, Inc is now LegalShield. www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/ossg
hell yea!
Yes, especially if one pops on you.
Something else. I would never pay to not own a hard copy of music
be careful with open flames!
now u have said... Some said they sent an email to my business email yesterday night. And I have got anything.
Please & thanks! Which retailers are you in (if any) in the Northeast (Boston-area)?
hey Jeff how can i write u and share with u my story? I have had sever major open heart surgeries...
“: These 40% less fat potato chips are pretty good but they could use about 40% more fat. (via )”
No..I'll dm you who I am(: You know me. lol
Mark your calendars for Fri, May 6th! MMA returns to Milwaukee's Potawatomi Bingo Casino! NAFC "Mayhem." 4 hrs of non-stop action. Ages 21+
im hakim anew author I have a very interesting biblical book coming out late may think u will enjoy call age of the beast
Happy #MarathonMonday to all in Boston! Really wishing I was there. Stay thirsty, my friends!
Today is the beginning of the Labor Day weekend enjoy but stay prayerful!
Yep, by next chat it'll be EDT. MT : That'd be 4:00 p.m. Eastern *Daylight* Time, yes?
Discussion of Journal as community reminds me again how silly paper journals are. Best value is hampered by paper limits
Excited to hang with you ladies tonight at 's album release shin-dig! #isit5pmyet? ;)
hard day 4 me with my bullies
I wish I had more money so I could buy cuter work clothes
s/o cause cause she wanted a s/o lol go follow her thos she cute and tweet sum real shit
#FirstThingIDoInTheMorning is contemplate whether to stay home or not...
Of course I'm 3 hours early curling my hair for "Creep" Opening Night!
I love you. <3
#InstantTurnOn knowing how to seduce a woman
I'm running on 4 hours of sleep right now. And I feel like I had the best sleep of my life last night. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
great show Sunday..thanks for coming out guys!!! We got some live trax coming out soon for download
Unless you're my boyfriend/husband/<3 ... DON'T call me "baby". ICK!!! Makes my skin crawl.
Yeah, overlap is very, very good. May seem strange to attendees and some presenters. We'll find out! :)
No! “: I have hockey game at 9:45 tonight. Do I play?”
ever heard of using the same password for everything? lol
Thanks to ! RT : Just gave Youki some of the treats I got at #BlogathonATX. I think she is addicted.
is killing me! Defense keeping us in it though.
Please Please follow back :o)
lol mines the same
Hi twitter people
Twitter Follower Tip-Tons of people use Twitter, so promote your twitter URL in your email & forum signatures.
No problem! RT : Thanks for the tip Eric. Just downloaded a couple of great free apps courtesy of you.
well since its June 30th then it's summer here and you will be in New York so hopefully I'll see you:)
will meet you up this week!
Commercials b having models that already b in shape and shit
Sherlock quote of the night: "GET OUT. I need to go to my mind palace."
just caught an episode of csi: detroit, and it reminded me of you :)
Startinq to wonder why you had to ruin my future ?
I wanna get me some BJ's.
Oh God.
Soccer season is never over
nither do I :p
Hang'n with my best friend Tay.BFFs forever!!! ;)
#dublindallasplp Yeah, I'm that far behind but making rapid progress. 21st Century here I come!
Rip City vs Linsanity tonight...Blazer win?
OH! take a picture of her then!!!!
Sweet Brown >Chris Brown
good luck babe!!!!
I have an ipod touch, its the 1st gen so I can only have iOS3 on it, so most apps don't work now. :(
just wait. I still remember what they did here in 03...
Just got the Filner announcement - On Wed, June 8th at 2:30 PM, Filner will turn in papers to allow him to raise $ for 2012 Mayoral race
Excited for tomorrow. 2 #auditions 1 #fitting & a drop off among other exciting to-do's. YES!
And then you wake up
Buckle employees do everything but undress you.
Lopey? You're better than that.
its so bizarre and stupid, deleted my account the other day with no explanation and won't answer my emails
Nice. Now you have to start songwriting.
have you ever felt like when is going to happen for me.. I feel that way a lot.
aw thank you Matt. Please have an awesome day today.
are going to watch jersey shore(: ?
“There are few hours in life more agreeable than the hour dedicated to the ceremony known as afternoon #tea.” - Henry James
To insure good health: Eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness & maintain an interest in life ~ William Londen
Past noon and I still have not tuned into any pre superbowl tv hype.
Mike Adams is out here dressed up in full pads ready to go
personal finance... :) with melisssaaa
The Time Manipulater is beyond talented in this time and space.
common vs drake beef. Who u got?
Election is already over...The entire FES is compromised and massive fraud. Vot has to be by over 10%
That's a lot for a Friday! Good luck!
Sorry, don't have one.
Love's in need of love today. Don't delay. (Fight for justice.)
6-0 ads in the 3rd, id say the are kicking some ass
Hummer and Barrett will be on Josh. Plus they have Connolly (6-11) and Darrow (6-9) on the bench that play 13 + minutes.
please follow me back
This Flogging Molly Pandora station is. AWE. SOME.
We couldn't stop laughing the entire episode :)
should text me and cheer me up. ~~~
see its this girl i like but i just cant tell her i do cuz every time im around her i freeze up man this never happen to me befor
I have the same problem.
Agreed! RT : Cranes for Japan is a great idea! is amazing!
Will be interesting to see how history treats FB in the years ahead. Plenty examples of past failure and success that could be correlated.
Awesome team outing today with my Recruiting Team. Thanks, !
Let's go Heat
save the best for last!
I love her too. She good at cuddling.
EVAN there is a kid on your mouth
I almost forgot: really big boats too.
Have an awesome birthday, Chloe! So excited for SLS12, it's almost here! :)
sounds good brother! I am now enjoying my first sips of wine after abstaining for a month (why did I do that ??!!)
Let's talk season ticket renewals.
I figured, but it was nice hearing from you!
Dead conversations<<
lol i wish hahah i wanna go to vegas an gamble an get drunk an go to stip clubs can WE PLEASE GO TO A MALE STRIPCLUB
Oh, no!! For how long?
Sad cos Claire won't text back~
Ha right. We can swing by & pick it up. We could really use it back actually.
doing awesome! Lots of exciting things are happening. How are you?
dad's taking care of it
Barnes was nothing more than 6ft8 shooter. Reminded me of Kyle Singler's game.
#thatawkwardmoment when gay guys try to flirt with you......
I don't get why the girls in horror movies stand and scream while the killer is running towards them. You wanna get stabbed, don't you?
welcome(: and aww thank you <3 :D
yes please !! Maybe 2 !!
hey every1 I am over tweet limit on :(
So much to do in a short amount of time smh
Not even a twitter tab in the browser! Look at that focus!
A smile can hide so many secrets.
Dave and Busters motherfucker
DAMN THE NIGHT IS JUST RIGHT WITH THE GUYS OF TO RUSH!
people change like the got dam weather #AintThatSomeShit!
That one person i love talking to is you..... <3
Head downtown tmrw for the last #holidatePDX of the season! Free SmartPark parking & savings at tons of local businesses: budurl.com/7548
On my way to CMH > DCA. Lookout, dc here I come!
House can be nice sometimes.
had a great meeting today! :) promo later tonight!
Hey, went through people my friends were following,added like a hundred. This morning I have about 15 new followers! Try that!
Hahah I can't laugh when I'm already freaking out. XD
guess what?!
I know you hate the cold weather so after you come to KY, we are building a mobile dome of warm weather to follow you!
#3WordsForYou Please Follow Me ?!<U+2764>
thanks so much! fever finally broke and on my way to mending :-) hope your day rocks!
yes cause everyone immediately knows what you're talking about
Happy New Year Everyone!!! Love, Peace and Joy to ALL of you!
#FF Some of my favorite Youtubers
roll with the punches
Having a cup of tea and looking at the stars on a clear, cold London night. :)
One 2012 goal -- rid parents of their 30+ year milk in coffee habit. Almost there.
I'm not looking forward to tomorrow at all. I just want to sleep in.
LIKE US on FB www.facebook.com/BeautyCallLosAngeles
Congratulations to the director, cast and production team of Divorciadas, evangélicas y vegetarianas for a very successful run!
Brandon Deaderick with the big sack.
drawing parallel to #Moneyball, Billy Beane: "People go batshit crazy when you try to change"
Soo this account need replies from and And then it will be happy and complete. :)
Down in the concourse of McMahon Stadium before the teams took the ice for the warm-up
Let's get this party started..2012 here I come!!
you just earned an "unfollow"
yes :) thanks!
First day for text reference! Try it out: 651-300-0550
Weighing seriously cleaning apartment (sorry, ) versus packing to go home versus getting ANY sleep tonight. familiar situation
Page 7 of 366 still trying to meet #1DayIWantTo meet Nick jonas!!!!!!!
my blog? you mean my uncle's kitchen? heh... yeah, you probably won't! it's hard to get some quality crawfish in boston :-)
Why do I put myself in these situations <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Perturbed badgers is my new favorite phrase.
guys, follow me on tumblr danceforever1993.tumblr.com i follow back.
No. I told you to take him.
That's what my grandmother always called them! :)
Why yes, world, an explosive decompression of my bike tube was JUST what I needed at 930 am. Thanks!
You make the World a better place!! CHANGE IS NOW help us help U
I like you the way you are.
new twitter handle, new name, new everything- hope you are well!
I'm so close to punching a brickwall. Learn how to treat a woman.
i dont want it to rain
So the bible tells us to expel factious men from the assmembling. What about factious churches?
Lincoln is inspiring people to take charge. They change their tag line from "Hello Future" to "You're in Charge" - Dave Wozniak
If you want to learn more about The Writers Studio, come to our free class Thursday. DM me if you're interested.
you have to check out childish gambino!!
Oops, it's tomorrow already and I just got home... Had a great time with Karen and the gang but
Be sure to checkout our friends
At Double Down in the east village. SC just ordered Ass Juice.
Well we go back and forth regularly. Until last year we had a music store in the area. We still gig so lmk
The cry of the poor is not always just, but if you don't listen to it, you will never know what justice is. -Howard Zinn
Category 5-d winner is The Big Ten Network
Uh oh madrid tied again.. Now just a 6 point lead when everyone said LaLiga was over..
you mad cause you didn't get one this time sylvia? ;)
A very belated Happy New Year from Routledge Museum Studies. 2011 looks like being a very interesting year...more soon
ight cool im hit u up
just email me
Lmao that "almost fight" at the cafeteria was
that bed belongs in the Eggo Waffles hall of fame museum next to the microphone that may have been used for other things
#BestThingAboutBeingSingle being able to up and leave town when you want!
If you're at the tweet up/happy hour, we're in the back on the right.
Don't sleep on the Chiefs. Some guy named Montana finished his career there too. Great football city.
I always thought mr.Kramer was in the hof if Forrest Greg is a part of hof then MR. Kramer should be as well how blind are people
Introducing the Wife of Bath's Tale 2 weeks early: there is a rape, and we cannot talk about the story and ignore that.
Jon Connor's new mixtape "The People's Rapper LP" is sick af
Shout out to my newest followers & Thanks for following! :3
im headed to the store to pick up some essentials for my living space.....ha i said living space everyone knows i mean my house
I actually can start wearing shorts to work now that our weather will be less fussy & more consistently warm/hot!
Am I missing something...why did about 18 spamming twitter accounts just start following me?
I don't think it was a good call....but the refs will get the Badgers back in the second half.
When you check off your ethnicity on a form do you put BITCH in the "other" section ??
...u have more followers then carly rae jepson. U should feel #special <3 #FollowMe please:)
Ok, Facebook timeline is seriously cool.
#POTUS Did an amazing job. Loved his ideas for #EducationReform #CleanEnergy #InsiderTrading. Best #SOTU. Congress must act!
Wit da high shit I shoulda waited to make this potato salad <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Sure'n it's Brachy O'Bama. Always figured him as Back Bay Irish!
Deliver me from writers who say the way they live doesn't matter
I was just told I was too qualified for a job and they couldn't afford to pay me the insane salary they thought i deserved
Looking for "Male R&B/Soul Singer Songwriter" for a 'TV/FILM' project. (Serious Inquiries Only, Please) email:
Laying in bed wishing I could just tell the coffee pot to work or have the cats bring me breakfast in bed
I think Carl shot Dale, not Glenn. Wish he'd shot Randall.
omg!!! I just turned my head really realy fast and i saw my ears!!
Yep! Thought I saw you walk in. Guess not!
you feel me! Gotta give em what they want haha
TGIFood! What's cooking this weekend? Rosemary & Sage Pot Roast with garlic mashed potato &lemon-garlic asparagus & Iced Tea!
Don't fail, Vote pale
I just hot glue gunned my figures together by accident.
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Broasted Chicken Buckets $1.00 off!!!!
OMG IM JUST LIKE HREIKFHGRYUEIWDFRHY3UEWJDNF! AH JUSTIN!
Follow me :)
aww naw I'ma be there before 11 i thought they close at 10
Every day an adventure. Every challenge an opportunity. Every dream a possibility.
what?? Quite late huh? Don't u have school tomorrow?
If i didnt have to do a project in 3rd i wouldnt be at school tmmrw
Lovesick Clothing loves Texas.
Hey am doing great>>>hope u are too
My Stanford email has been down all day. A huge pain.
Fluid needs a contract designer for a small project with immed. start. Must have exp w/social media/tween markets.contact:
If we all did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves.Thomas Edison
Whats up. I will see you guys on SUNDAY at 6pm sharp.
So what's the verdict?
Happy Texas Independence Day! 176 years.
Quick, cut away from Dale loadin one up.
Happy International Women's Day!
I hate this stuff - and it is coming here tomorrow - never minded until trees fell in my yard twice
we need some goats to eat our plentiful weeds down here in Los Angeles. Can you help us?
I want somebody to loooooooovvvvvvveeeeee :/
omfg. Me too. He's freaking amazing<3
have you ever taken a flat stanley on a trip with you? well it looks like he may have company soon, keep your ears and eyes open.
No one believes me NO ONE BELIEVES ME have you seen a DOCTOR oh NO I've seen a MAN for NINE YEARS
Hello, thank you for your tweet. I am currently at the office. Please tweet in my absence. RT : I CAN TWEET!
I wanna go to a #Pirates Game!!
Oh, goodie!!! It's snowing again!!!
1st DCA Under Armour coaches meeting tonight !....time to get focused for another strong summer from our teams
The 11 scanners in front of me were all just quite for about 6 seconds at one time and it freaked me out -- checked that power was on!
Thanks for helping to save a life. I wish more people would rescue animals!!
did you read my note i wrote you on friday? ;)
"When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let it go"
Um, where did you FIND those?!?
Nice, we like to hear that.
great seeing you!
Lolls!i mean she is Her shadow . and she needs to check her self and she a punk.she aint had not one fight on baskteball wives
Flaherty should play 3B the entire time. Why not? Its already known what bill hall and Wilson Betemit can do there already.
I Love You too!
Not excited about Md. playing Northwestern in ACC / B10 challenge. You lose, it sucks. You win, who cares. Terps going to surprise.
Won't you miss Roxy?
I just paid closer attention to your twitter handle. Didn't realize you were "Dr. Barbie"! :) Congrats!
If I were not so well educated and erudite, I'd say that the UT board of regents is a bunch of copycats.
love you too...#UnleashTheFury :)
Just had class for ten minutes. Waste of time, could have slept for an extra hour.
sadly (tho not unexpectedly) internet on the ship is dire, but when I have it I check on YOU for mah updates :)
Going back to leather helmets is a better way of stopping people from leading w. their head than lame ass rules.
Hello Columbus ..Im enjoying your sun on High St.
“I’m alive! Holy s**t, what a break!”
#TwinAnchorsBBQ welcomes all families & ages. We love to see families eat some great #ribs & have a great time!
I just thought those facts were interesting lol
Heat gotta come back 4 me
Excited to see you - Find us in Bldg 1, 7th floor, Booth M04. Our ecofriendly designs are worth a look!
iphone app, Thursday
Happy Hour-Thanksgiving Edition-Wednesday, November 23rd from 10pm-2am! $5 cocktails, $6 wine, $3 beer, food specials and more! Join Us
well Amazon made it right. i COMPLAINED they responded with some work, but made me happy. Thank you, amazon.
. If you need to be happy, I'll be your smile. But anytime you need a friend, I'll just be me."
WTF SINCE WHEN WAS WTK HAVING A FREE ACOUSTIC SET AT MACYS TODAY???
Back home wif my uncle :).
: I'm just heading back to B'more. Boo.
there goes my peace.
My pleasure. has an amazing comm team.
uh we are young???? duhh!
So, did Al Gore invent the Palestinians before he invented the internet?
Happy Monday Everyone! How was your weekend?!
Is that a vinyl copy? So jealous if so.
I'm going. Check out the Holiday Inn express in Logansport, way outside city, but dirt cheap
o.O lol
Dont need a towel, we can dry off in the covers, and wen you think like it, I promise, you gonna love
Standing room only at The Future is Now session. Understandably. Good stuff!
Or Charlie Sheen?
Ideal sunday chill watch baseball and of course lift off wywh-
Wonder what parsimonious introvert would treat.:) Of course the brand name would be, like, Xiasduiervhsvera.
Kantis Simmons Dreams are for sleepers. Goals are for achievers.
I just heard the cutest sneeze omfg.
Via : Today (3/2) is Check Your Pet for Parasites Day, Employee Appreciation Day and Read Across America Day.
you are so beautiful celeste :) words just can't describe how beautiful you are :D
what was the score?
I've had terrible luck with two different radio transmitters, though they were both crappy brands. A line-in worked the best.
oh damn! lol. Whenever u get back? I know I'll be working on this paper up until Friday lol
Love the new job, made new friends, and then went to see a hysterical movie (Bridesmaids) with two of my oldest friends! Great Fri the 13th
Bruh i aint seen u since school everything good with you
Vibin while falling asleep.
Eat Pray Love -- my wife has got me hooked on chick flicks, haha.
Lakers aren't playing D again. Just FEED BYNUM DOWN LOW. And back up your statement!
Through the woods and onto Austin #MCN2010 I go!
There are also forums for many of the "allows taping" artists who have their own bit torrent trackers with unreleased music.
loool im done wit high school.
Agree. Otto has played a good 1st half
oh lord..
Im a fake Christian. Those scriptures he used has absolutley nothing to do with anything we were talking about
My split ends have split ends.
alright. I'll bring one for you then....
Go Pack Go
nah just been busy,more drama. you know how that goes. and yeah.
Joke of the day: You thinking you're better than me! Travel light!
I miss 2006
happy birthday MamaMahone!!.(: <3 we love you.(:
They put swine in the potato salad ! <U+E409><U+E105>
My dad promised he would take me to yogurtland today!:D yay!!!!!!
Quick lunchtime poll: second gigantic cookie - yes or no?
#JoelMcHale in blue linen suit is hotter than should be permissible, and with #CraigFerguson = wow.
What gender based violence issues are associated with being in cyber space? Share experiences
Effort goal! “: Whats 1 thing you'll accomplish today that'll take u closer 2 ur long term goals? Focus on process; not outcome.”
Did your retired uncle come over & clean out your gutters? That's one of the
Happy Birthday to my Mf'n nigga
Joined a rugby team so excited!!
Another day, another paper. Luck you.
Susan B Anthony Day! Well-behaved Quaker lesbians rarely make history.
Be sure to come to the East Nashville Farmer's Market and see Chef Laura Wilson, winner of the Iron Fork competition, as she does a demo...
It is #supercalifragalisticexpealidocious #Amazing ;) L O V E the Song!
Just turned on golf for the first time in ages. No athlete sways the casual fan quite like Tiger Woods.
Making 0 knowledge computer restore solutions takes a lot of work when U have to bludgeon UR way thru it but thanks to #CloneZilla its done!
can't believe my marathon is in 5 days. Holy rubber legs Batman!
No correct answers for the giveaway ...submit yours now!!
#ThanksGiving Gon Shake Like A$$ 2 Morrow My Granny Cookin 2 She Gone Kill Try 2 Kill A Lil Nigga I Guess Im Dead 2 Morrow.Fa'Shoooo
Same here!
Messing around with Qik still!
you weren't there and you didn't see him
Your tweets make my bad days better haha RT : RACHEL RAY KILLIN THE HUMMUS GAME ON 30 MIN MEALS RN
Its nice out here rite now but its bour to rain :(
Pretty credible H impression by #RAW already!!
Re-do: Thanks to Tammy Haddad for another wonderful #whcd brunch. Later the dinner... to see who is there to see!
Credit goes to Kristian Knutsen, who was running the feed.
Have you checked out our market lately?
why you stop following Me after you was following me, can you please follow me again because I like to maybe talk Privitely
My Aunt"But I don't wanna wear sandals!" Me"JESUS WORE SANDALS!"
All ready said an done
freshly pureed peaches... loved them!
YOU THOUGHT THAT BOB DYLAN WAS DEAD? WHAT??????????
I'm in! Thanks!
some kid got introuble today for syaing he was drunk in school
did he die? What from?
My friend got chicken pox and he barley told me T__T and there's an 90% he infected the whole school GOD help all the students at EMS T__T
Follow back please (: & by the way your so freakin beautiful <3
Get a FREE tall beverage when you buy a pound of Starbucks Tribute Blend or Starbucks VIA Tribute Blend. Runs through Sunday!
yeah on one hand i'm like it makes sense controls-wise but then on the other i'm like >:( story-wise
Figured ROH would be streaming the PPVs on their site from now on. I get a 15% discount on the price too. Sick.
Happy to have finally made it back to #MuayThai because I was in desperate need of some #kickboxing. Excited for double #JiuJitsu tonight!
well that's not fair, the lakers have always been arrogant. I wouldn't count this against OKC
oh the poor lamb!!! How did she get the cut?
So glad I had such a fantastic day!
1 hour left of work...soo excited!
Congratulations to all of the new graduates. We're so proud of you! :)
DPLA can enhance access to govdocs, regs, bill histories, standards now behind paywalls. Issue of accountability, health, safety.
- nope, Pac Div will be on tour with Mac for that leg of the tour, PUTS will be headlining the El Rey in Los Angeles.
Ladies night get down here for some free drinks, ladies!!!
Did you just have a nasty flashback, or are you actually still working with those?
If I lived in Huntsville, I'd be holding my copy of The Faces, A Nod is as Good as a Wink to a Blind Horse. Rock at it's best
Little bull says to the big bull, lets run down and fuck one of those cows down there. Big bull says no son, let's walk and fuck them all
I really hope its a class on saturday now:-)
I'll keep that in mind, and behave myself!
RT “: The Yankees and Red Sox are both 0-2 this season for the 1st time since 1980.” ---> Wow that's a stat
There are going to be plenty more runs in this game by IND and MIA. I think it could come down to the wire.
I wish gizmo was my pet
Someone wanna help us with 11 likes:)
I have a dream and I intend on it coming true
Just found my new favorite band. #Fun. Like all my favs in one, esp Floyd & Queen. AMAZING! SO INSPIRED. Im in love!! <3
showtime on demand has it
our iPad app also loads websites and is compatible with HTML5. Track us down at #MW2012 for details!
I wish we could join:(
MT : Virginia SB 627, invalidating bans on solar energy installations, is before House of Delegates. Call your delegate!
Love basicly taking a shower outside
future Bill Nye the Science Guy?
you just caused me to sin.
How would I track tab clicks as pageviews?
I'm craving froyo
": there's no such things as"friends", in this world . #RealShit ."
Effects of desertification
Tomorrow is awesome Friday not just good or better.. !!! :P.
Happy Birthday to my best friend and love of my life !
On the recording stage: Bob Sneider Trio tearing it up!!
My Generation Doesn't Knock On Doors...We Will Call Or Text To Let You Know We're Outside...
#SYTYCD was amazing last night! I loved the statue dance! which was your favorite? Read my review here dld.bz/aa6Qd
": Twenty points if you have curly hair. Curly hair is delicious." I get 20 points! Hell yeah!
And the Thunder are just pickin on Bynum. Only a matter of time before he goes Ultimate Warrior on somebody.
Doh, burned the toast. REDO!
Movies? Think like a man, jus cuz Kevin Hart in it
hey stranger! Glad (and surprised!) to see you on here, thanks for following :-)
Hoping I get a shot to play opposite Rosario Dawson and Michael Peña.
I do diet coke too. Zomg like totally... so cool!
July 5th. Expect me to be camping out in front of the Harley Davidson stage all freaking day long waiting for Death Cab.
Congrats to the Grad students for winning the President's Cup! Come out to Beerball next Friday when we celebrate, woohoo!
PLEASE BE MY FIRST FOLLOWER!!!!
You make me feel so... Thats the thing #idk but I like it :)
Those who speak most of illness have illness, those who speak most of prosperity have it..etc..
Positive energy keep you moving !
ok, I'll check it out then!! :)
happy b-day #broski. How old r u 100? 85? 72? Just kidding.
...that is a pretty awesome picture sir. Thank you. :-) ...better that I could do...
#69-John Abraham-DE-Atlanta Falcons
Black people sitting behind me.. They are so funny lolol i want to be in their group..
Old phone wouldn't hold a charge. Got an iPhone and it ROCKS!!!!
What about that French girl from Pan Am for Valentine? Sexy but warm, oui?
You need to schedule a field trip!
Happy Friday, friends! Hope you enjoy this beautiful weekend!
i mean of your animals !!
Clearly the difference in the Knick Heat game was the absence of Jeremy Lin.
wasn't goodnight moon a quote from a kids book....its bringing back memories... lol
Hey I want to win a pair of VIP tickets to William Shatner
Run for cover. Here comes trouble. Aves Men's Voleyball
BREAKINGNEWS----Petrino to coach Saints, beginning Monday
argggg. I meant = ( on the #cbmore front...
yep obsessed
Your not a decent person. You #bully people on Twitter every day. Your an adult, act like one for once.
How come everyday before I workout I have to take a shit?! -__-
thanks. Yea Fran is not a friend
beauty doesnt always feel beautiful
America! Eat less and exercise. Call me crazy.
it will be great! The band is really good :-) thx for the RT
I give up on this shhh. F### this.
SB45 Biz Lesson # 14: Add Value. Third down conversions matter at moving the ball.
Looking forward to seeing my Spurs beat these suckas tonight tho.
The Scary Truth About Solariums You really should avoid them
I'm calling my "mom" Jacki from now on ..
Are eyebrows considered facial hair?
RT : I had like 7 internships during my matriculation (BOL-I hate that word) and I'd say 3 of them were unpaid.
genius, really.
so true, so true.
Dude i would but they dont have any pure orange ones lmfao. I want mine already. He mite bring em to iona game tomm
what r u doing twittering. Does you boy toy know about this?
RT : Join us for Lunch today 1/2 sandwich/1/2 salad special $7.99. Need a ride? Free Golf cart riders just...
Would you help us with kickstarter if we did one for our full length.
I've already happily eaten my burrito about an hour ago. I'll be eating my other one later tonight. Thanks for thinking of me
River Monsters.
I have now entered the last week of my 20s.
#99ers were around long b4 99% movement, long term #unemployed have not seen 1 rally 4 them with #OWS its a major issue
like guest vocals?
#FF Some great #fitness brands on Twitter: , , and
Happy mothers day<33
In the MSP airport for 2 hours before i board. downing double shot bloodys now. liquid breakfast, CNN, and xmas music- good morning, me
Its cold as hell outside
First fully-vegan meal was a success. I am a chef.
We're currently designing the back of the Delicious Licks packaging. Very fun!
This Friday feels like Wis days; the year is 1998, my parents won't extend my curfew.. and so I can't party with the cool kids.
Shooting pics with the girls of HTSP BASEBALL today... check the site soon, hottubsleeperpicks.com
I think I'm gonna log off. It's been real.
That Awkward Moment when a GPS tells a gay person to go straight.
Collaboration is key. Theme of Interdisciplinary Sci event
At last minute Mark Doty edges out as best #ala11 speaker, proclaiming "heaviness that is no burden to itself"
that would be an accurate description
I wanna come too!
Food by Chef Jake Brenchley and 1/2 price martinis, all evening at the Scholars Inn. Enough said. Plz rt
welcome to the club.
.RT : what is the most common mistake people make in their initial interview?
we have to expect some games like this during the condensed schedule.
ps you need to watch the Chicago Fire trailer like NOW! Hot Uncle Mason + Firetrucks + shirtless-ness = new favorite show!
Today is National High Five Day. My outlook for the day has immediately improved.
Humming* Need a man with slow hands and a muzzle on his fast mouth
I. Am drunk and.stoned! :)
It's not nice to make me snort water out my nose! Now THAT was funny
I think I am most inspired by those pictures of people with quotes next to their faces as they appears, momentarily, on my Facebook feed.
Feels good debating sports early in the AM with people.
talk about a final discount clearance sale!
Lucky to have family I consider to be friends, but truly blessed to have friends I consider family!
OMG. YOU GOT SOME FIESTY TOE NAILS.
Happy birthday !
for a second I thought that said do Mo Mo, it worried me.
Thanks for the RT! I was awfully excited about my story, my goodness!
Can't wait for it to be fall. I'm just gonna hibernate until August.
MT & - Newt onstage with State Sen. Jake Knotts, who called Obama and SC governor Nikki Haley "rag heads"
watching on ustream (:
Yea that would be the smart course of action
I think you'd love Hong Kong.
14-3! Dude, I not only want to shake your hand in person, I want a double tap bro-hug, high 5, fist pound & chest bump! Cantwait!
Hope your Benne Wafer cookies can make it all the way to NYC!
What's so humane about "humane killed" animals?! They are still being killed! I can't believe humanity, we are disgusting!
If I would have gotten a personal tour like Roxie did, I would know how close you work! :P
someone come feed me!!!!!!
: Agreed. They screwed JL over royally. But don't withdraw your support for Jerry's Kids because of MDA's ignorance and ingratitude.
It's so cold in the D
hahaha I don't have a Klout, silly!
I think all of the finalists on #thevoice are talented, but I'm rooting for to win!
#persistence: [resource | identifier | metainfo ] that outlives the business case that created it
When the Broncos win, contact www.QuickGymCS.com for a one-time FREE week at Quick Gym!! Do the workout the Broncos & Chicago Bears do!
Anything involving rednecks >
We make fun of ourselves too much so I thought it was funny to see it turned around on the bands for once. haha
Training with Adam Paul Green on Xocai and social media!
While there are many benefits to working at non profits there can be many challenges -- like funding!
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Abby Moss for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 16U Team
That could help.
party rock <333
Heading on with at 11:20pm live from MSG on and to talk some #Caps as the season has come to an end
hell yeah I love that place! Which one da one on 15th?
Here's hoping for Romo rib shots all night long! Go Skins!
it's friday friday gotta get down on fridaay everybodys lookin forward to the weekend weekend friday friday
Best Leaders = Create opportunities for your team members and then support them to be successful in those challenges!
I just recently got this cupcake obsession. M.. Having a cupcake shop sounds like fun.
Aww man! I missed Middlebrooks' first major league hit :(
Isn't it nice to know that the lining is silver? Isn't it nice to know that we're golden?
Whoever has parking spot #2, thanks for loaning it to me this morning
you playing a church?
I read everything you write and pass it along. Mozilla aka Firefox is on board with stop
Happy St. Patricks day!! All decked out in green today!! :)
To many parents burying there children. RIPMSHOUSTON
Join us at Hollywood Alley on Nov. 22 for our show with The Broken Spoke from Colorado, get your pre Turkey Day drink on!
Schiraldi: "Widespread abuse and neglect foisted on kids in JJ system in loco parentis." Systematic failure to protect.
RT : HUNGER IS UNACCEPTABLE! Everytime you shop with us... we donate to feed a child a day @ hunger to hope! Lets care...
Final #40U40 photo of the day was with fresh A good smell for the end of the day!
Matt Smith>Life
oh stop that
RT #ows "Do you like the new park? It smells like Clorox and broken constitutional amendments."--female protester on UStream
Those moments when your laughing so hard no noise comes out of your mouth!(:
(1/3) With cards, these companies help their employees and customers support the causes they believe in this holiday season...
Im just going to go to the homes of everyone I call in a day and fuck their shit up. #bambitch #happynow?
coca cola from McDonald's is Better
... WHICH makes for a fabulous weekend for sports. Can't wait!
im going to call you tomorrow/friday
Nixon's biggest political contribution was the enemies list. A true gift to the world.
Current goal: learn to make homemade sushi. Anybody try their hand at it?
we will be accepting applications in LA, soonest, early in 2014. Stay in touch!
What do you think of the WR pay BS Finley says he's going to pull if franchised? RT : I fully expect Finley to be Franchised.
I'm now convinced we really should crowdsource our unidentified/underidentified photographs on flickr. plenary
I thought for sure you'd seen that movie because I spent the first 30 minutes wondering what he was from.
Even better! RT : Fired from a failed girl group, no less...
Really? Lol. 'Cause I got a lot of cake, chocolate bars, & sad romantic movies we can can watch together? ^-^
Couldn't sleep! You?
accepting headshots and reels for speaking roles & extras for directed by
Ha! Hilarious! RT: TONIGHT: The 7,000 Kennedy Space Center layoffs triggered 7,000 more lost jobs in the community.
My girlfriend is prettier than you. (:
2 days into watching my 6-yr-old niece and I am surprised and saddened to report that fart jokes DO get old.
This is needed in advance: a gigantic thank you for all of the advice!
Needa download like 6 more mixtapes 5 of them are and the other one is hah! night
RT : We cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are.
Look at the interviewer, and not at the cameras. It will be easier to keep your composure if you aren’t worrying about what's around you.
blue. c:
you back in the city
Stuck at home, sick.. hm I'll start planning my Xmas list.ohhokaay..Let's see, I'd like an opera membership and to get healthier. the end.
Had a GREAT time at Livewires last night. The place is awesome and Wally Sr. made us feel very welcome.
how? O.o
#IWantYouTo shut up, hit the blunt twice and pass it.
that's great, doesn't everyone love me? Hahah love you too
bless up
nope ran away
it so is!!! Yum
many Africans have given up hope that the foreign media can ever be balanced in its coverage -Chalene Hunter-Gault New News out of Africa
#nyy #yankees I have been waiting Teixeira to lay down a bunt vs shift since 2010 ! His stubbornous is not only hurting himself but the TEAM
I have low expectations.
Hilarious photo!
Such a busy couple of days ahead! Lets get to it!
I'm watching now on teennick! It's in all the time, haha (:
They keep this up and their next dance will be the "the Shag"
RT : Sniff. After 15+ yrs, I'm leaving for Dell's health care group. Here til 9/7. Follow me and stay in touch!
This 16hr shift is about to kick my ass
Michel was most recently the Execuitve Director of the Boone County Learning Network. Welcome to the team, Michele!
": lol. Not all of them crazy...at least not this one."Hm. Well I guess we could be cool
Time to hit the gym before my classes start. BRB.
A hungry dog hunts best. A hungrier dog hunts even better. - Norman Ralph Augustine
Cooking local ingredients is such an amazing way to experience the culture in a healthy way. Chicken with fresh tomatoes,
Kickin off the 4th Annual Stuff-A-Bus live from Arlington Heights this afternoon on ! Swing by & help families in need this Xmas!
#thoughtsduringschool when is our next late start?
Wish there was a way to hide celebrities on the who to follow page. Nothing against celebrities, I just don't want it to get to their head.
Makes me think of the "Grape Ape" events in the early 90's here in LA. Any Angeleno's remember them? #90'slife
Just so everyone knows, roasted chestnuts are incredibly gross
Really not trying to go to work today -.-
I just want to feel pretty...just for one night. :(
Anybody see the Google Knowledge Graph yet in search results?
Incredible! Now you just need freeze dried pickles and you're set for a space vacation!
Have a good day everyone! Gonna be up to 70 today.... Whats everyones plans!?!?
guess who's going to hell according to my lit class: Emily Dickinson. guess where I want to tell them to go: to meet her.
ha ha only three followers. New to Twitter.
so pretty much.... Duck as audience, duck as silent witness to our decay, duck as hilarious prop! I like it.
If it's in a reusable container, then yes. If not, then the WHOLE box of donuts.
well I just wasn't wanting to make the guys jealous. It's really you and John that I am driving down there to see.
Glad you remembered! RT : Off to New Orleans for RDAP! Almost forgot the poster - this is a note to myself to not leave on plane!!
welcome anytime!
oh okay thats what I thought but yanno I wasnt sure
i got my grandmother watching football lol
If you fail, check maybe you shoot the wrong target? :-)
As a #Jets fan it'd be, from first to five, #Patriots #NYGiants #Dolphins #Ravens #Bills I wanted to add the Steelers but meh
happy belated! Hope Friday was fab. Look forward 2 seeing u guys soon!
Thanks for the inspiration
Sick and sick of being sick <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> #someonetextme <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
South La. Teams in title games: CLA, White Castle, Riverside, John Curtis, St Aug, McKinley and Scotlandville! Not bad & Peabody from CENLA
Botanical Garderns, It was only h'orderves and it was all delicious and everything was first class as usual, great job!!!
I wish I could just find 300 dollars for a one direction concert ticket
HEY! juss letting you know you have THE MOST AMAZING FANS. That is all.=)
Mischief Managed.
Taking Houston by storm 2nite with my man!
#ConfessionTime I just drank a smoothie & it was good
Is it possible?A meeting of educators who have vowed not to use the word "parent" in order to keep the child as their main focus?!?!
Too amazing. Who are you listening to now?
yes! Monday, I promise.
I have a fever and headache don't bother me.
now begins the new moment
The original had one, but I dropped it to get the characters to fit.
Yes, please vote for us. We are most Awesomest!
I'm too bashful and it's not okay right now. :(
Instagram filters: making people appear to be sexier than they really are since 2010...
I could not stop hysterically laughing long enough to talk to the guy
<3 bring yours to India with you!
Next up for SNOW SHARK: ANCIENT SNOW BEAST is the Bronx Week Film Festival, Saturday, May 12th at 8:30 pm. More fests to come, then DVD!
Thank you!
Just saw your movie, loved it. My 5 year old daughter loves you. When are you coming to sunny San Diego?
i swear, mondays were created to discipline us over what we did during the weekend.
Watching hsn, it's like shopping for my eyes
Admiral's Club to first class back from NYC to LAX. Cant wait to get back but miss my friends!
RT : The Hype Hotel line is already growing. Also the Hype Hotel already smells like weird Dorito tacos.
Missing celebrating my peeps being honored at #LADCC reception. Proud of you all!
phew. I'm leaving for Afghanistan for six months so selfishly, I'm glad I won't miss out.
Yaaay! Date night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Email our Support Dept () w/the migration request. Due to current issue there will be delay in response
Andrew Bird: Time flies when you're having the time of your life. Who was the best artist you saw this weekend? RT w/ your ans ...
haha yeah right
Sure... like, the post is the axis in which the offense runs around. So, that's "post oriented," right? ;)
Im dosn off on da mid sentence outta our conversation
"Racism is still alive, it's just cloaked in white collar crime," man on how the amer dream turned into the amer nightmare.
My prayers go out to Demi Lovato. I know exactly how shes feeling & dealing with it is complicated. Stay strong Demi. Your fans love you! =)
75% off ProWhite Home Teeth Whitening KitKit contents (8 syringes 3ml. with tips in mint flavor)
Send me the deets!
RT : Don't give up yet - if you get stuck, you can always call the service desk or text a librarian:...
Calling ur work on blocked # is my 2nd greatest annoyance passion... harassing via her facebook wall remains
Looking for experienced film producers, film critics, and film fans to be judges this year. DM us.
Had forgotten about Twitter when I switched phones...gotta get Twitterberry back on it.
#AFS11 -- It was great seeing folks at AFS11. I look forward to following you on twitter, The meeting was my first real twitter immersion.
i concur...Javier can't seem to get a break!
You've lost your sparkle
well thank you. It was made especially for me
Buck Funting, also coaching the Cubs.
happy birthday
"infamous"? I think not!
I smell the steak cooking at ALC. m. I love meat.
The #Oregon #Ducks now have 26 Super Bowl rings, with NYG's joining the club tonight.
i wish i could drive. everything would so much simpler.
Twitter worthy quote sent 2 me by a client: "Following a plan is good for progress, but opportunity usually exists off the plan." She got it
come hang out with me!
Not sure what to do next? "Be sure it's something you want to still be doing and talking about in 5 years!" - Glynnis Whitwer
I'm an Orioles die hard, born and raised in Baltimore..The guy is an embarrassment.
#ff the clean green experts
April showers bring may flowers. What do may flowers bring?
#iPhoneApp - Check out Actsophia on iTunes or on the App Store. 30+ features to help your acting career. Try the Free version now!
Living Good
Not only was Chris Brown not singing, he was singing over a syth track.. So he's was pretending to sing a song that he pretended to sing.
The Ducks lived up to their uniforms tonight! Rose Bowl Champs! Nice work, fellas!
Everybody needs to follow right this instant.
That's what it sounded like yesterday. You were battling it! Get well. RT Got laryngitis. Not good for my line of work.
“: Admit it, You once made a little kid cry and then made them laugh so you wouldn't get in trouble.”
Excellent - watching my guy racing today. How's your weekend?
hockey at 950, you guys coming?
So now err body wanna be #OTF #3Hunna stay in yall lane
As we approach 200 followers the timeline is starting to smell like dude but thats ok because STILL
Congrats! Oklahoma is very proud of you!!
Hey! Thanks for the follow! I'm loving your music!!! =) I'm doing great! How are you??
was awesome chillin dude!!
Thanks for the follow ! Hope you'll consider following & too. Hope to make it to your fine city soon.
This bitch driving like we inna fuckin school zone
yea u hve a nice ass
GIRL it's funny because you can picture my dumb butt doing it!!! LOL I miss you!!!! <3
Gotta love the classic movies- "boys N' the hood"
you aren't gonna watch it I presume? Wouldn't wanna be a spoiler...
sounds like you're doing better than me
that shall be my hash tag for any tweets about running this season
cant be all about just me anymore its me and him and i cant be selfish anymore either.
Tonight Club Isis 1010 Prairie St Houston Tx 77034 | NO COVER ALL NIGHT LONG | MORE INFO 281.860.2877
IE suddenly decides to not show my audio tags. This is driving me to drink.
No ain't no way we clicking' up if you wasn't wit me when I was broke, & if we was cool & you fucked that up, we'll never be cool no mo..
The Church of the Advent, Boston choir performed Taverner, Philips and Parsons tonight. Listening was like floating on a raft in paradise.
All Busta Rhymes songs sound like "dkfjaljfadkjfasdkjfaldjfadkjfdkfjakdfjadkfjdlfjfkljaldfjlajdfakldfjljadlkfajdl...I GO HAM!!!!!"
Enjoy the great weather one more day. We're in store for a change and maybe even a little drizzle...
Wall to wall today in pushing through post and reaching out to distributors. Feel like we're back in full production mode again!
Divine intervention. God pretty much told me so.
no, neither one has a realistic shot of getting an out there. Simple as that. It's a Conrad v. Wolf AB.
Eau Claire WI just got a #Grammys shout out! Yes Bon Iver!
why i have to be gay your so hurtful! lmao
done and
#alamw12 come join us in San Antonio A at the Sheraton at 10:30am today to hear about emerging technology residencies!
I don't know how or why I put up with your shit for so long.
A cardinal nest has four layers, and takes six days to build. Amazing!
you're not a loser,they're all just jealous(;
Fuck Twitter When On The Phone With Her Lol
i'm not that bad. Jajajaja
Working with Bellingham Bulldogs with eXfuze. Athletes see such great benefits! Reduces joint pain, recovery time and clearer mental focus
I was just sayin Hi! Coming out tonight?
Diamonds really are my best friend.
The hardest part of friendship is figuring out who you can trust, who wont hurt you and who is just using you.
Today is the big day for ! Grand opening starts at 1:00 PM at ! #goToThisFoodCart!
no, have no info on that, but curious
Birthday Party is next month 06.16.2012 and I have a BIG announcement I want to share...if you in the Chi
sounds more exciting that way
I just want to kiss you. That's all I really wanna do.
Thanks! Glamorous life of a librarian!
Thanks! I noticed that right away! Great name ;) Loved your story too. Have you started your new job yet? Congrats!
Cincy was great! We met awesome people, laughed our butts off (thanks!), & listened to some great music! How about your weekend?
So when the courts ordered anabuse, that changed the addiction to PILLS! That killed my sister ,legally! Think about it!!!!
omg im scared!!
Did i mention it's VIP? well, it is. :)
are you at the awards? I hope Lyndsey wins :-)!
lots of stuff; less PC resources to run, uses more GPU, new camera raw 7, Wide Angle Lens Correction to fix distortion....
4 out of 7? Sounds like they got fired from the Post Office for being too efficient.
she is getting her surgery today !
Are you a model that would like to contribute to the #youngsocialite team? Let us know!!!
Save the Date! #RFT Cocktails for a Cause is in Red on October 20 from 6-pm. $10 donation benefits the Alzheimer's Association!
Can I borrow some laundry detergent?
Why thank u we try
paella bar! Enjoying wine and tapas! Definitely a place to enjoy good Spanish food.
nothing specifically aimed at child actors, though the subject has come up multiple times and we've discussed it.
Why am I still partying
Not gonna get my hopes up.
Great to see Ralph Kiner read the #Mets lineup. Somewhere, Lindsay Nelson and Bob Murphy are smiling.
You making beats now nigga?
Long two days coming up...goodnight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
And hell, the 5000-series cars are too new to just throw on the Blue Line now! CTA needs to wait for that move a little longer!
Why is buying a car so fkn hard?!?!???
"How old is your baby?" "36 months." WHY CAN'T YOU JUST SAY 3 YEARS OLD?!"
#greys yep. William Daniels/Mr Feeny was Dr Mark Craig on St Elsewhere
hopefully I'll like it! I just want to do email, FB, & watch movies. Haha.
If i didnt have my retainer on i would of said more than i did >:l
Eating sausage cheese balls for appetizers at the cabin (; yummy! Then pizzapizzapizza for dinner! Yay!
tailgate, tailgate...yay!!!
IM JUST THE COOL BLACK GUY
son lives in Ind. do you like to help people connect here bree www.sendittomeokay.com
Just a few more hours until #MatchDay2012! Looking forward to all the excitement from you fourth-years out there.
Thanks Karchiri! He's just getting started... :)
Ya welcome. ;)
Does that Sweet Genius guy freak the heck out of anyone else besides me?
soo...that means nothing
My Paradise City is Captiva, Florida!
Raw vs SmackDown!!! Go
I see you chicks checking out your own asses in the mirror at the gym.
After a rigorous application process, I have been accepted into #BrickSquad with
startd the party early with these cubanz n mexicanz! Lmao none of us speak the same language :)
what the hell just happened.
Finally home. Pajamas. Now in the bed relaxing :) My Friday was a good one, how about yours?
damn u Jordan u always make me do all the work!!
That thing where you're sitting in a hipster coffee shop and they ignore Pandora until it morphs into a Rihanna machine
Topshop Launch Their First Australian Store Topshop has become a British High-Street institution and it has become so famous and popular
The moment when you turn into a ninja when your phone wrongs in another room
#np What About Love -Heart
One game, One Quarter, One Round to a Title
Thanks so much for the shoutout!
I'm going to pull an all-nighter for tits and nipples. Anyone care to join?.
love it!
Thank you for staying even if you had every reason to leave. Thank you for making it easier when life gets hard.
They aren't suppose to say.
I love you not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you. Roy Croft.
I wish they'd board my plane. Bet they have to wake me up when I get to Albuquerque!!
Looking forward to bath, Indian leftovers, and Dostoevsky
off to the #getradical conference. Revolutionary women abound!
When I turn to look at you & your already looking >>>
saw your website- looks great!Was wondering if we could talk about our respective businesses and maybe setting up a linkback?
if I ever get there, I will! Thank you! Njoy ur weekend
I love it when my brother randomly comes home :))
I felt every word.
green light!!
Hahaha, my read too #greatminds RT : I think it's I dont like talking to you on the weekends.
Don't bother looking at any sports news today. It's all depressing.
and with this economy even more. Everybody triple hustling
my sister is so gullible ;p
Maybe it could be called, "you don't need to add a tutorial to your game because that's what it is already."
yeah!!!im okay with that...lol
Bama Rivals folks notorious for doing that.
Thanks for following me! See you soon girlfriend;-)
I just had some as well - it is the perfect day for tomato soup.
agreed. I hope its on wwe network when that comes out
I'M SO BLESSED TO HAVE MY 2 BEST FRIENDS!!
Precious is more believable 2 me than Isabel, but I like Isabel as vehicle for McCall Smith's musings on the ethics of daily life.
Who played the homeless guy on tonight's episode?
love u
Yipee! RT : Closet cleaning today, bag for charity, 1 for & 1 for but no one gets the costumes.
Hi Everyone Its Awsome To Be A Fan Of Bella Thorne She Awsome !
Theres tumblr couples and people asking for a tumblr boyfriend/girlfriend. We should do that for twitter. Starting now! Twitter boyfriend?
I'm on the paper trail it ain't no telling where it took me yeah and I ain't a killer but dont push me!
Sitting on concrete at the bus stop. My bum is cold.
What you mean I was been put on this lol
If I had a laptop,everything would be cool.
oh yes were ready... But I don't know if you can handle our reaction!!!!!!! ;) #follow?
Tippo has been caught, by Lee hunter of all small household moving creatures.Lol
Friday is so far a way ;(
thanks for the RT
have u ever seen Chiwinnies dogs
No its a difference between not liking somebody & wanting to fight. If you don't get along with my bestfriend then oh well.
thank you!! <333 and its at dots :)
It's Tues and we're set for another crowd run on Burgers!
YAY DAVE! so excited for you! AH! I CAN'T BELIEVE IT! I AM NOMINATED FOR A GRAMMY!!! HOLY FREAKING COW!
The walking with dinosaurs bit is fucking gold! This special has just proven why it pre-empted 24.
RT : Mrs Garretts hair should be in the Smithsonian.
My little sister said I was her best friend.
I can't freaking wait 4 Raw tomorrow night!!! xD
well than i shall plan around your schedule my dear :) be in touch soon!
It's going down this friday night ladies free all night da only after hours spot behind Beamers hosted by ladies get here leggo
Hopefully #COLTS will stand for Count On Luck This Sunday. We'll miss you Peyton Manning. Welcome Andrew Luck.
Work on a script or live tweet the #SuperBowl ? This shouldn't be a hard decision.
Hi I'm Yanelis And I HATE When People Mess Up My Name !! Oh And I'm A Ninja !!! You Mad Yet ?? :P...Idk Why I Did That ! =)
I liked the way you carefully extracted that corn-filled dingleberry when u got to your bunghole
I've done it with just a pile of books. ;)
are you going?
Thanks for the #FF. Happy brewing!
Ok. At 1:00 a.m. an ice cream truck was driving around our block!!
Travis McCoy > T. Mills
She definatly made me miss running I should have ran track in college *shrugs 1 yr left*
Adios to our awesome coordinator. PDX/PSU/5th Ave will miss you! In 2 weeks come see her final film pick--'Ichi the Killer.'
4.2.8 has been released. Active class is now added to the active image AND the parent LI element.
Andy Oliver just got optioned to A. 5th starter? I like Smyly
yes we that's a deal!!!!
In this nation, leadership is dollars. - Norman Lear
Happy Friday!! Enjoy the weekend with your kids :)
thank you!
#thisyear is going to be incredibly long, emotionally stressful, and plagued with jokes about coffins.
an unexpected lunch
It feels that the entire #Dowager wardrobe is following me...
Thanks for the RT. I hope you are having a good eve.
Happy Valentine's Day! We had heart-shaped mini muffins for breakfast, and just baked cherry cheesecake cupcakes to share with neighbors.
I've always knew some #blackjack dealers hated their jobs. Never had one flat-out say as much to me before! <-- tag! Yeah, sorry...
After 5PM, it is acceptable to play Slayer loudly at work.
and that among these are Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness
Yeah, parking is ridiculous, but I live in the city so I can walk or hop a bus. So I have no excuse.
It's fun to pull someone's leg... but don't ever pull their finger.
What's wrong with the prospect of "literary" video games? I want to play an RPG version of some fiction classics.
I wish I could cheer you up. :/ I hate seeing close people sad :(
I've recently discovered that 's Strawberry Lemonade is quite good, after all. Solution? Add MORE leaves and less water. =P
is it just me or does taking a picture of yourself with an ipad in the mirror make you look like a douchebag ahaha
#ConfessionTime I have never had the liberty to pursue a quality interpersonal/romantic relationship with another guy.
Oh I won't be straining myself much that is for sure.
this doesnt really surprise me
The weekend is here and I am loving it!
:) U didn't answer my question
RT : rt Top10 stupid Twitter tricks. Follow noone, accept no follows, and tweet to yourself.
Must go see ! They're going to be so close!
whats up with people who have no idea what the possibilities are telling/arguing/fighting that there aren't any?
Worked out last night. Stairs hurt today. I'd call that a success.
Yow, glad ur OK. MT : Helmet didn't prevent driver from hitting me; it did prevent my brain from coating H St. like grape jelly
bubbaz bar and grill!
I just admitted to that every time some queer says "abundance" I think to myself "there's no fucking abundance."
Whats with all these exams?!
Busy and productive! Awesome!
Currently using spell check on a list of books where about 1/3 of the titles are in Spanish. I don't speak Spanish. Neither does Excel.
Soluri: engineers of todays suborbital industry are largely in their 20s and 30s, just as in Apollo
“ ever notcie the niggas that use to didnt F*ck w/ you be the first ones saying they f*ck w/ you ?”
my oldest toms are the only ones wothout a whole in them
Can't believe the news about Steve Jobs. Thank you for everything you've brought to our lives. RIP.
sounds good to me. If TVs aren't good then we can eat and then go to a sports bar. Game @ 9:00
Cake for breakfast. Six days in a row.
Congrats to the graduates! Enjoy your last day of class :)
Ya..so both my livers are probably full of lokos, vodka, and high gravity. And my lungs of wicked Dank
Morning everyone!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
Red hair
Question is--are you brave enough to stand stark naked in the middle of heavy traffic to broadcast your message? Carry on.
I might pull a whole marathon this weekend to watch MLP:FIM. :)
maybe. email me
I'm starting to hate working here more and more each passing day
I love your face too. :D
Monster: Where do fleas go in winter? Werewolf: Search me!
“: Suck me after sex so I know you hella nasty ;)” b4 and after so i know you really really nasty! its a must
At the ed Sheeran/snow patrol concert!
good people have harder challenges which helps us grow
I'm so mad I couldn't make the game!! :(
Guess I was wrong about UK. Darn, was really hoping they would go down.
Jump into an adult fitness class at 6:30pm tonight!
I used to pick those all the time when I was little. I'd do that on adventures with my cousins.
We lose but we still booze!
naw I'm a good girl I swear lol
Old guy with a mullet
He isn't distracted by the Diet Coke?
Finishing up website upgrade for 1 of our nonprofits - Inner City Players. That's 30 nonprofit websites donated to date!
Ha! That's exactly what I've been thinking!
Thanks to all the new #RBB followers. the film will be available for rent in #December. Please let us know your thoughts
Off to Appleton to get new glasses today since I have to wear them for the next week. Making my sister drive.:)
#SAYSOMETHING CAUSE YOUR DRIVING ME CRAZY!:D<33333333
have some B vitamins, a good breakfast, and lots of water, you'll be fine :)
Jazz looked like they were already on summer vacation.
Oregon for sure. Chip Kelly's practices clinch it.
Interactive teambuilding programs help accomplish the goals set up in the beginning
how about you retweet my stuff and i retweet yours!!!!
I bet there's beer in the clubhouse tomorrow.
OMG so so so sorry i don't mean it, ah
good morning. And you def apply it!
Everyone else is watching Bobcats-Pacers on nbatv right now too, right?
iight im done tweeting about he's making the quality of my quotes go down. it was fun while it lasted
": I then been through so much relationship heartache , so excuse me if I have trouble letting my guard down ."
Tonight is Pub Quiz, don't miss it! Sign up starts at 6:30.
P&G, #Olympics TOP partner, will give $1000 VISA gift card to each Mom of 800 Olympians to offset travel to #London. #thankyoumom campaign
I watched cabin the in woods a couple weeks ago and I was so confused it wasn't funny!! I hated that movie, nuff said! :-)
Good nite, sweet dreams everybody
Thank you for all you do.
yeah i replied. how u a slut if that was yo man smh
that hoe so hit...
hey(: *lip bite* rack city bitch(:
Fox's Dream of the Log Flume is phenomenal.
Tiger still has it
HA! I was terrified of Chuck E.! After last night, I would say that was pretty justified
A #FrozenStrawberryLemonade Sounds SO Good Right Now :P
What is God teaching/showing u on your Christmas Break?
Octavia Spencer, I want to be your BFF.
One day when the sky is falling I'll be standing right next to you.<U+2764>
Seeking Austin-area parking with access to 120V plug for 27LX8WX11H in exchange for video security
I may run out of gas on 375! Downfall of living downtown. Events happening all the time, I knew I should have filled up in Redford!
Rice is born in water and must die in wine.
your pancakes are awesome! you should try #lowes for good music
Let's get a big win tonight celtics! Time for the big 3 to play like the big 3!
Is xx still cool if they are played at a Boston Market?
I've very different movie tastes from my friends so end up seeing certain ones alone. Wear a scarf & pretend you're a spy ;)
Overkill. Great Band. Have seen them several times.
That was wisdom I learned from you at Wesleyan Writers Conference, one of the most important pieces of advice I took home.
new year resolution: tweet more!
Teachers at Avon HS would like to help the Henryville teachers with school supplies & donations. How can we help?
Carlos Asked My Aunt Out On A Date(;
saw a commerical for the Dairy Queen birthday cake icecream&automatically thought of (;
Good Morning! Have a wonderful Monday!
A was the Queen for the K play today. Class did RolyPoly experiments, crafts and photos. It was Grandparents' Day.
I love you brian lopez
The Google logo is so freakin cute today!!!
Yes. On August 23rd.
Can i have a shout out to RayRay? I Love You:)
Hey everyone! Remember, today is Monday and Salute has 50% off all wine bottles! Delicious contemporary italian food and great atmosphere!
The San Pedro Library has a GREAT book sale the 1st Saturday of the month. Got LIFE INTERRUPTED by Spaulding Gray,THE WATCHMEN & more;-)
we welcome putt putt girls to the fan club
he's an 8yr old Maine coon. He & his brother, Milkshakes, have made me quite the 'cat guy' haha
Loving someone is not easy but he'll I did it anyways I been there so really anit tripping about anything
Chillin here at the studio makin Hits!! whats goodie with you bro?
Government @ Our Finger Tips™ #Axiomity Inc ®
#edtechnyc : We don't do 'sales'; word-of-mouth helps us scale.
I was perfectly fine with just going with my dad, but NO my brother wanted to tag along.
good ideas...
Money Call is a anthem as well as the remix!!
Power red :) Thx for the feedback. We still have some tweaks, the colors are fairly set but I'll share with our design team.
SAM put on a party! Thanks to a fun night!
Join us for lunch @ One Up Elevated Lounge!!!
a skinny guy with a 6-pack is like a fat chick with tits. It doesn't count.
EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW----->
dude, thanks! What are pals for?
my mom said has nice lips tehe (:
You miss us, we're in full event mode! RT i.e. binding super bowl staff manuals til 1 am
Bed rest all day 'til classes resume. What a boring life.
Nice i love it their so Much!!! love the weather their!!!
Happy Thanksgiving! I'm thankful for everyone supporting me, and everyone in my life! Even my haters! #YouKeepMeGoing!<U+2665>
So proud of our partnerships with rural communities, like the food bank in Grand Ronde, who takes our leftover food for the community.
You and Jason Peters have a lot in common. Kitchen accidents gone wild!
Still need a song for this Star Wars video. Almost done editing I think xD
<----is so grateful for some of #TheBeautifulPeople I follow and have befriended via here. #Awesomeness <U+263A><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Cool. Voki looks like a fun way for students & faculty to introduce themselves in their online class
if you need any help, don't ask me for help because I don't understand math.
Big S/O to my homie , he will be live on 101.1 the WIZ this evening for throwback Thursday drive at 5!!
Sometimes I think needs its own "It Gets Better" campaign. The first weeks are rough for rookies.
The harder the pain the greater the blessing
Getting ready to channel Mr T in our A team team-building workshop
Wake Forest S Cyhl Quarles signs with #Ravens as undrafted free agent.
we might see your boy #Ponder tonight!!
The Boy Is Mine <U+2665>
I'm hoping for one hell of a halftime pep talk from Siegfried to turn this thing around.
I haven't found an egg yet! I've been looking everyday!!
If ever in Denver let me know! Im hospitable :)
DC!!! <---RT If you Agree!!! RT Question. If we has a stage night built around one city what city and what artists should be on?
jealous would be understatement. Glad to hear you're keeping it classy, though.
MT Yankees were 1 for 9 tonight with RISP. -_- ... <<They forget what that is...sad...:-:-(!
It's Taco Tuesday at the Avenue Bar & Grill for lunch. We've got a "build your own taco" buffet for JUST $8.95.
At 8:35 P.M. on November 30th, 1994. My mother gave birth to me. I am blessed to have a mom that cares so much <3
dave say hello to Richard I moving him under you!
That feeling you get when your crush likes you back . <3
well word way too just give up
Teaching Moment? Is the Marriage Equality debate an opportunity to reaffirm the wisdom & Constitutionality of separation of church & state?
Sounds delicious. Have a great day :)
Other team didn't show up, so we did the warrior-like thing and took the forfeit. Then we scrimmaged.
Only your real friends will tell you when your face is dirty.~Sicilian Proverb
I haven't D: I shall look it up right now!
A dolla make me holla honey boo boo child
On my last week of classes grind!
Just want it like before, we were dancin' all night. Then they took you away. Stole you out of my life.
It's official, I have four jobs. Let's get to work!
Thanks and for a super fun show tonight!
How fun! I wonder if they're as comfy for dogs.
Too damn early to be at work
Great Keynote, superior points on how to engage in a creative way while generating genuine consumer interest.
lol! Take her down, Monica!
I save my good stuff for the ones I like. :)
2012 is right around the corner - gasp! Check out our picks for America's coolest New Year's Eve concerts:
Not quite chief...almost though.
I just wish would notice me :/
do all new tech schools have Macs?
Welcome to June, twitterverse! Can't wait to see what this month holds!
I want to see THG so bad, fuck school tommorow.
If you get a chance could you ask Rex why he believes this? Where's the conviction coming from? The rest of us are not so sure
Complement your IMAGINATION with Web 2.0 tools and/or industry-standard software.
Rumor is.... Jackie Chan died.
Don't work for someone else. Start your own home-based business! I'll help you: http;//www.garys.myflpbiz.com
heh heh. case in point = x men.
Sea of Love with Al Pacino was the #1 movie this day in 1989. It was Pacino's first movie in four years.
Considering the fact that it's real, it's like a cruel joke.
Great conversation. Now on to an interview w/ on 's first year in office.
But seriously... I'm in school for THREE HOURS.
Yes sat there and said NOTHING while used a derogatory racial slur in #ThinkLikeAMan?1?
can pawpaws grow here? definitely recommend - they taste just like banana custard!
Anyone uhp? D:
work with intel? new tagline must be 'kitteh inside' RT : ::waiting for lolcat:: "feline devices".
Watching Game of Thrones with Viggle Sun | 6PM | HBO Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I want every color of vans. Yeah.
Happy May Day
How much more of this dropping stock market are we going to have? Could we see at Plus 1000 point day? What will turn housing?
Another Day another Dollar.
Saw some previews of our fall eyeshadow palettes! They look amazing, can't wait to share them with you!
LT looks flat out washed up. On another note, I'll actually losing fantasy fb by 89 popints right now. Thanks Joe Flacco.
you think JPM's sway over regulators is greater than its sway over Congress? ??
I miss my old Bestfriends from like second grade! #wheredidtheygo?
I remember that poster, but can't say I've heard folk say "digitalise/digitalisation". U heard it, seen it in print, both?!
I just looked down and sure enough, I'm wearing Russell Athletic shorts. Hot damn!
This isn't the 90's. Access to the Internet is cheap and often free.
In the middle of heated moments of discussion, remember what you most like about the other person and take the time to express it.
#OMGrandeGame Jelly fish.
Join today for free post highlight tape from YouTube and photos make player profile for free get more exposure today
Early Voting Starts today, head out to your local Court house and cast for who are getting the job done!
SHOW YOU WHAT I MEAN , I WOULD NEVER WASTE YOUR TIME IF I COULD GET YOU ON THE LINE YOU'D BE MINE
who is your celebrity crush? #askcallum <3
#wouldyou tell me you love me then just walk away?
You're right! I gave up too easy on that one. I could say he pushed me and my head went right in there and I tipped it over!
thanks for the invite - looking forward to taking hashable for a test drive
Happy Friday everyone!!! How are you starting your weekend?
I love Dylan.
MIss you!!
The challenge is comfy AND attractive shoe! :) I love my ecco shoes but not the cutest.
#youtubesearchhistory "How to twerk" I guess it's time for bed...
Yeah, there's a blizzard warning too. Started at about 7 last night and hasn't stopped... Yay! Lol
I feel like Chinese food.
I wish was on. He's my buddy
This brownie is so good.
how you feel about that WVU bet?
Thanks for the follow on Twttier, Donna. Look forward to your Tweets. All the best - Bruce
Bragging rights: My number 1 cameraman is on one of the cams at tonight's State of the Union speech. So, I guess I kinda know the President.
You can keep it over there we have had more snow this year in MI than we have had in a lot of years.
Yahh!! i met them at warped tour an there supper nice!
We hope you all had a great Thanksgiving! The Blenderz are playing Friday & Saturday night from 6:30-9:30pm.
#Geeks. And proud.
to funnay man!
lmso Justin is the best LOL
Come to think of it, many city union officials ARE city employees, so they WOULD qualify under your law. I'm starting to like it!
So are you, so I don't see the problem(: goodnight my friend I shall see you tomorrow!
The moons still out :D
Glad the coasted into the post-season
were is that from?
Congrats again to on winning the $20 gift card for being #follower100. What you planning on doing w/ the $$$!
Congrats! Good luck!
Tired as freaking crap,going to bed SOON
HUGE win for my #Nuggets. & Miller were crucial down the stretch. Let's finish strong!
If you've never dipped your fries in a frosty, you haven't lived.
woohoo let's do it!
me ima horny
and that i have to get an 85 to pass the class
I need somebody to teach me how to flirt!
GOOD MORNING!!!
You shouldn't down others to make yourself feel better becuz the 1 you downing will never down you.
Good Morning. The spirit of God in you cannot be defined in the dictionary sense, for consciousness is always beyond definition.
RT BBQ was a success! ate too much cholestrol loaded food. too sinful! detox diet tmr. night!
lol bring it
Big event today #popcorn fans so we will miss you on the streets of DC. Check us out tomorrow. We'll be poppin' by.
Every email I get seems to be 'thunder thighs favourited your tweet' lmfao :')
you raise some great questions that #law #firms should be asking providers before making the move to cloud!
yu mind sharin some of dem ?
Woke up on the right side of the coast.. but fighting a hangover that is w/o the alcohol inhibition.
yup i'm in richmond right now. See you tonight?
Sweet! I love the Escala. If you ever want to chat about real estate I'm always around for a drink or coffee. Just let me know!
Sounds great. Let me know what works for you on location? I am usually around either Midtown all the way to Waldo.
John Byrd last night at Kavarna will make a lot of pure country fans want his CD. Amazing.
Pre shop and pull for a photo shoot I will be assisting for.
#YOURATTENTIONPLEASE go follow because they are freakin amazing! And cuz she followed me back <U+E057><U+E04F><U+E052><U+E053><U+E524><U+E52C><U+E52A><U+E050><U+E531><U+E527><U+E051><U+E10B><U+E52B><U+E52F><U+E01A><U+E134><U+E528><U+E530><U+E526><U+E529><U+E52E><U+E10A><U+E525><U+E523><U+E520><U+E054><U+E307><U+E308><U+E13F><U+E140><U+E104>
Definitely not post-apocalyptic, but dystopian for sure. Also: AWESOME.
#Recovery mode
Hey, do us all a favor and mind your own business. Yeah, thankss..
Who's going to the Broad Ripple Art Fair this weekend?
RT : I <3 OneNote - what an amazing tool for planning, brainstorming, researching, and collaborating. Even without ink it's awe ...
Did you #vote Milwaukee? I DID! I voted for a great loan package from and lower energy bills at home!
isn't that metz2k guy a real piece of work! I just want to reach out & smack the fat f_ _k!
ha ha never mind Saturday!!
Sports: Seahawks score a touchdown. Weather: Hell has frozen over.
Think you better!
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 16
AM I SEEING THIS CORRECTLY?!
Samsung posts record $5.2-billion profit
Good point there!
That sounds awesome. Enjoy!
jorge: highways clear outside of city center. Most flooding seems to be inside the 610 loop.
You told them yes, right?
#HappyMothersDay from all of us at Bellini Williams Island!
Student learning, student success.
he did do it by his self
APARTMENT 223.....VERY HUNGRY!!!
UK, Denmark study power cable to swap wind energy - Reuters
NIGGAZ TALK SHIT ROCK UP N GET THEY BLOCK HIT !!!!!!!!!
I work downtown, near N. Station, but can meet near redline wherever if that works for you. I get out of work around 5 most days.
now im so bored i actually feel like going back to baseball lol.
Boys and girls... lion and bear begins recording for our next EP TODAY!
lmao I see..
If you going through hell, keep going because Heaven is right in front of you..
story of my life right now.
awwwa Miss YOU!
When i get home I'm getn back n my bed for an hour :-P
much better. Still 5 bb/9, but k rate way up.
Getting ready to pick out cabinets for renovation
Jealous of a friend who's touring Rome. Being a ceiling fan, I've always wanted to see the Sistine Chapel in person.
I hear you. I won't be able to wear hoodies anymore because I'll look like I'm on my way to my little league game.
So,before Twitter today,I was writing a song.
I need some gold sock :-)
"We will go undefeated, point blank period" "The Final Four will be a piece of cake" That's 0 for two thus far Behanan.
not getting anything done
my mind is running i can never catch even if i got a head start
#scms12 Service: limited mobility of the protagonist is replayed in the legal struggles around the use of sound in the film
bout to leave N.C. n survived it. Prayin u will b ok ;)
Hm I'm drunk and I love it ..yumm yum yummy!
Holy migraine. Wowza.
John, what are your 3 favorite songs today?
You could never fail me, brother. I'm just glad you were in as long as you were.
Today I get to click a button on a webform that will either give me my dream job, or cause unmitigated chaos for years to come.
Bad habits can determine the outcome of your life unless you understand you have the power to change them.
: It's our job as advocacy organizations to motivate and activate the Latino community. LULAC agrees!
very smart. I'm a fan.
lol it was phone convo b/w me and pmed! my bad...i got u!! lolz
What are your favorite Bay View restaurants? I know mine (Cafe Centraal, Lulu, to name a couple), but want to broaden my horizons :)
Who doesn't!
Another turd move
Oh O!! Lol
Heartbreaks have a redemptive quality that often goes unnoticed. Robert Veninga
Lol, I was listening on the radio and I thought I saw some tweets that said he compared the two .
disappointed at billboards that say "find us on FB" but don't include username, leaving it up to user to search
Does swopshire still get kicked off the team next year if he wins this game for UL?
yeah my # 1 choice is the U. of Barcelona so I will fly in there and then make my way to Germany. Still working out logistics...
live music tonite! come dance the night away with Nurse Ratchet. band starts at 930
h tub club! remember when we even made a poster!? haha
lol go ahead
Why, thank you Kaija!
Space still available on tonight's Bricktown Shuttle from Norman. Contact us now to make a reservation for only $15 per passenger!
#aea09 - simply amazing. Thanks to all of the speakers, and to , and for organizing.
Last chance for tonight's WINNER! Write me quick starts in 5 minutes..
have so much fun tonight, sad I have to miss out on the bday celebrations! Enjoy das biers for me!
C IS NOT AN OPTION
Vodka with ice destroys the kidneys. Rum with ice destroys the liver. Whiskey with ice breaks the heart.
Oh what a surprise! NOT RT “: Messina says Romney will “hide” behind super pac ads”
Thanks Brady
Who is your pick for Best Actress #Oscars? Im stuck between Meryl Streep and Michelle Williams
I dig it. Just a couple of trendsetters H'in K's.
First day of the quarter- I'll be tweeting a lot about multicultural resources for youth and my internship!
Listening to Lauryn Hill >>>
Sore back is sore.
Thanks for the RT!
the #Royals sign Oswalt to take Lester Earl's spot in the rotation.
Ha Ha Is he going to be Mike Wallace's replacement? Dreamer
Agreed. We're not looking for magic. We're offering a service (free) and we want to provide it to the most deserving.
sweet! count me in! :)
You'll have to work on that by yourself. I've about exhausted all the brain power I have juggling NPC and LMS things. :D
a yearly tradition: watching the nba and filing taxes.
Sound writing advice from Paul Reiser: "Start it. And continue."
alkdhbfdklsaghsj thanks for putting me out there :x Lmao
Pretty sure that this Facebook organ donor thing is related to Facebook actually wanting your organs.
Everybody wanna be fly till you swat e'm . -
and first email saying i can't take a joke in.
Flying in a plane for the first time when I reach St. Louis tomorrow morning! #freakedout <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> yet excited....haha
Holy Smoke! Joshua sang his face off of that!
Thanks for the support! :)
RT - Cincinnati Reds v. cleveland indians. Let's do this.
Yay Cant wait to see me Babbymamma, and my favorite..! Goin to tennessee tomorrow cant wait..! <3
Thanks NFL Network, I hadn't gotten my yearly dose of "Return of the Mack". I can cross that one off.
Bring it... but don't bring a knife to a gun-fight. ;-)
Yannis what are you doinn bud? Great streak
On my way to work
holy crap dude that's huge!!!!
Mark Zuckerberg wears a hoodie! JPMorgan loses $2 billion via a "London whale"! Geez guys, capitalism sure is weird!
I hate when people in IB complain about the work they got that isn't even time consuming. Shush and do it.
so far comedy at the grog last night, police parade & rock hall today minh ahn for lunch right now.
Loud obnoxious people, jack hammers at 10:30pm and crazy parking puppies.... Just another night in lower Manhattan.
Thank you ! haha, I have a new video out on youtube, Check it out! www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
sounds like a plan lady!
is my cool Indian friend that I enjoy balling with after school. I will always got his back.
This makes us so happy too! Glad the internship is working out.
Follow me Is an Hot account related to sexy girls and videos ;P
awesome! I can't wait to try it!!
Thinking of changing my name and I'm going to be on more :)
ahahahaha! I was trying my best to keep a straight face offering my help lol
Prison doctors forcing Tucson shooter Jared Loughner to take psychiatric meds. His lawyers oppose it. Judge will decide.
oh shit!!! That's nice!!!
Some great coaching tips & tricks coming out of this session.
Stay tuned, we will be announcing a Remote Conductor Twitter Giveaway soon. You'll need to follow so we can DM the winners.
Hi Delli! Happy Wednesday!
Some people are just like summer...NO CLASS!
Keep WOM topics fresh and exciting. There always has to be a reason to talk, or people stop talking about you
I like it Cris, but it's the injury factor for the college kids. A serious injury in that game could be devastating.
Do you carry premixed tubs of grout in different colors? Looking for charcoal gray.
it sure does :)
right back atcha!
Try and SP usergroups RT Looking for #SharePoint peeps in Philly to follow.
There is no monday @ 4.
Yeah...doing some stuff with my girl's family...
Why have i been so emotional lately....
Does KG have Mutumbo's knees?
: time. It's very wrong for cbs to do this to you. I have signed the petition and Criminal Minds just won't be the same
don't blow yourself up publicly like that
yay! I love it out here :)
Good luck tonight on american idol! I can't wait to watch!
Gross. Yes.
I just finished a 11,6 km run with Nike+ GPS.
There are certain people I'm so close to that when I get a text from them, I can hear their voice reading it to me.
Only an awesome car guy.
kale rules but now I'm going to have to check out wheat berries.
It's time for another staff writer meeting which is just code for some good old fashioned sex olympics in Tom's living room
who is your idol??'
Looking through old photo albums made me a little too emotional.
what happened to your roommate?
Hilarious. Love it. Yes please.
I don't know. The music ventures I mentor use youtube or host video on own site.
It's so nice when we can awkward non-speak like this. Promise me you'll never become a touring hologram?
#niallwhipshispenis back and forth! just whip! i'm a get more cum than a lil bit, as soon as he jumps in moans r hitting it! i wrote a song!
: Whatever the present moment contains, accept it as if you had chosen it.. ~Eckhart Tolle Shared via TweetCaster
#BackInElementarySchool when we had to sit with our class at lunch. and sometimes we got to eat outside <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
And if you see us following you definitely follow back... Join the #LooseCannonLife Family
JON BON JOVI for the win
XOXO to you also :)
Ha good point
The cart is out "for real" down on Water and Juneau come get a yummy gyro!
So true! As a newbie to social media, I'm finding that it's up to me to constantly engage and seek out contacts
Gotta ake more room in driveway, neighbors having a party they've been good to us.
viva the streets are soon to open for the people. all non motorized transpo welcome. see you in dtla starting at 10am.
Lmfao hell no! This is gonna be about a 17 hour drive.
NYC bagels are the best
If you're a FOIA expert can you please give me a shout?
<3 me too girl!
I be feeling like a boss sometimes though
Wow has 5 million followers!
your icon made my night, srsly lol
Mothers day tomorrow <3
I'm going on a long twitter vaca.. get my mind right with college **smooches**
Happy Friday! So excited for test dinner tonight w
Cat Mulan&#39;s Mindful Musings at Placerville News Company for ...
if only I could get you to follow me... :(
Of course it would snow for the first time in awhile the day I gotta drive to central Illinois and then to Indiana...
When did Nicki Minaj become black Katy Perry?
I'm sick of cold dinners...
Yeah thanks for doing that
hay bitch
S'not good, S'not good at all. Hope y'all are on the mend. Antibiotics are high on my list: "Why I like the 20th/21st century"
we do put on seminars. Let's talk.
and I LOVED the video you guys sent me! Hold You is an amazing song!! Thnks!! <3
i hate my mum sometimes,shes so pathetic.
dm we are responding by improving Edu at much lower costs. But we are not receiving support from the Gov. Now I face bankruptcy
please for the sake of mankind don't reproduce.
I can only speak for myself and the advisors I know well and risk is always the first part of the conversation
Was supposed to watch Hot in Cleveland taping today, but got there not too early. They sent me home...
hey have you see the Knicks with mr Lin watch out heat
do what?
Impossible for me is not giving back to what I once helped tear apart and destroy.
just saw him ;)
RT thanks! Electrified week to you PB!
WTH, why are the birds chirping and why is it light outside, goodnighhhhhttt
I can do this.
I love my main bitches.
I was born ready! Haha, I'm so excited for tonight! This will be my first time seeing SIO perform live. <3
Vegas is looking good!
what up dawg??
Will do. But I warn you that--like love, an awe-inspiring canyon, evolution, and a galaxy--it will take some time.
is that an actual photograph or an illustration? Looks like the latter!
what's your story?
Registered for Dallas half (March) and Seattle half (June)! Goal is sub-1:50.
alright, I'll get us some black ski masks or bandanas so we can look legit.
Had a wonderful day today! Eating at Chili's and shopping! Life is really great right now! FuTuRe MrS
It’s time to begin planning your 2011 HOA budget. Here’s a few tips to help. 1) Plan for the worst and hope for the best. It’s always be
Watching Gidget Goes Hawaiian. Tv show was better. Sally Field was WAY better. When did parents stop naming kids Moondoggy?
New music from #AARONLEAVIN coming soon
Working on the 1st of our new quarterly emails to our donors to send out tomorrow, hard to chose what to include!
Follow me my nigga
I'm sitting for a documentary about internet trolls tomorrow. What are your experiences/thoughts? I'll see if I can work them in. :)
better music than yours
Yup, we have two styles, this blue one and a Livestrong yellow and skc light blue one. $20 per scarf. I bet she'll love it!
Time to relax
Austin turns 16 in 22 days...
Off the success of #Sactomofo#gypsy is keeping the energy going&teaming up w/salons,bars,restaurants! Interested? :)
I like pizza, be over in 20
Thank you to all you good folks for the new follows. You have a great day!
Woo! l want to sleep the day away so the fight will come faster!! is ELITE!
S/o 2 everybody who get it from da streets...
I got some kick ass pics too using the 5d mk II...and it was on the top floor of discovery world!
yes, TPing needs to happen. Who will be our victim?!:) Soo..I was hungry After sushi! ha
- later on now. Some cool stuff though. Panda start area is cool though and dances are funny.
I thought my mama was gone be here when I got home smh oh well
it's so sad rt now. I still believe & have faith in our team, but my heart hurts 4 R MVP! He bn through so much!
How long will we be tormented by tradition, routine, and definition? We've stuffed ourselves immobile.
Bosh looks like a slinky .lmao
Getting ready for this long drive
Thanks to everyone who came out to our Robert Warrens talk last night. A great turnout to view some great artwork!
yea lol i like you guys lol
if only it was cold enough to warrant the purchase of a beardo hat-beard combo!
I'm not sure if what I heard this morning was real or not. It happened too fast. I want to ask, but I want you to say it on your own.
Come again? Carmelo Anthony?
play here in Toledo on February 25th, tickets are on sale, 8 bucks in advanced, 10 at the door! Get our tickets now!
I have a confession...I am officially addicted to #Zumba! Dancing AND highly rhythmic music...I'm in love!!!
Yes Austin got verified!
Sorry to say there is a lot of much misinformation in your article. Please do better research - Best wishes!
ill come do a strip tease kirstie
aw ariana grande is so pretty!!!
Happy Mother's Day!
Eric Rodriguez celebrates 22 years at Compuquip! Congrats & thanks for being an example for all other engineers and team members to follow!
#nowplaying Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas <U+266A> Twisted Sister
it doesn't even looks like her... IDK... that's crazy well thats her choice :)
not rejected..such a harsh word. It's not you, it's me :-P
Liz keeps moaning...
was it a good trip?
You already know!
Sitting next to table with party that includes sean penn and kristen wiig at Il bucco...
And I raise mine to you. Are you sick too?
today 11am - 2pm at 1221 W Warm Springs 89014 for July 4th celebration!! It's a great day for Cheesesteaks and Italian Ice!!
It's 5 time to go home and go for a long bike ride. Perfect weather.
Pepsi partners with Twitter for online concerts
We're now singing the theme to fucking Spongebob. Oh fireworks.
Now I have no one to talk to. -.-
I've used: SimplyHired, CareerBuilder, JobFox (but beware of spam if you set up a profile) & an association's site for your industry
Don't forget Kevin Pollak's three-night stand at Magooby's starts tonite!! We'll be there Saturday. Good luck, K-Po!
u should like follow ,ee
my body right now<<<
: though biopiracy also raises particular ethical issues of theft from indigenous communities
Im Just Saying. Stop Rappin And Say it To Someones Face For Once. Cuz Thats Just PETTY. Thanks(: Dont Bother To Reply Back.
But it be honest I'm rarely in Detroit proper.
it's friday
hah yes. I love ya
goodnight my lovely world :) <3 Sweet dreams!
Such a good night with Doug, Jade, and Mackenzie
if plants could talk, would vegetables be criminalized?
This white boy
“: Update: Bulls confirm Derrick Rose has a torn ACL and is out for the playoff - NBC Sports” that's BS!!
: Let me just clarify. Equating Chief Wahoo with Notre Dame's Fighting Irish logo is really really dumb. You should stop doing it.
Alabama is it rocking that craviotto kit on the American country awards.
Vinny Cerrato just said #TerrellSuggs has a torn achilles.
I am having ice cream for the third time in three days.
Salvation reign over us, the fight was won on the cross.. Take heart for He has overcome the world!
Has not lost?
"A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them." - John C. Maxwell
I buy a Kindle at www.mechanicwords.com I am SO LOVING it!
lol well thanks! Idk what else to tweet about.
you too!
hey, girl, HEYY !
they look good. Unbelievably good!
looking forward to a great Ask the VC webinar tomorrow with David Aronoff, , of
It's way to early for blackout creepers.
I'm on twitter through my phone. I am probally going to change my username.:]
I told her I thought I had already had it, and she told me I didnt. But she only had my records since like 2006. Dumb nurse lol
back up in tha shop w/ ! come through..
Tell them I agree wholeheartedly. We've had a few bites.
What's going on in #longbeach for Cinco de Mayo?
BUZZ, a young adult novel set in Texas - not in Austin or Houston or even Corpus Christi, but in rural Texas in the mesquite brush country
And Granderson has the perfect stroke for Yankee Stadium. 10 of his 11 HRs have come at home.
did you know about the free slaves that assisted in the #warof1812? tells their story in her new book!
one day it will be. You will write something that becomes a tv show or block buster hit. Just don't forget us in mke!
Q: What roller skates, loves cornhole, rocks a 5:00 shadow, and is spreading smooth all over? A: Keith Stone
This Max Payne 3 press book just bums me out.
: How did the Sun Kings do last night?
One of the best b-day presents so far? A horror film by Joss Whedon! Going to see #CabinInTheWoods tonight!
Read a little bit about Bruce Conner yesterday, it's fascinating that he created films with entirely used footage.
My first ever tweet. Working on youtube and facebook grr happy to be tweeting
No Christina what is derogatory towards women is your freaking back fat on the stage and your tit almost falling out.
What's you favorite Seattle neighborhood?
NEW PRODUCT ALERT: Monoi Butter - a soft, velvety butter tht contains essence of tropical Tiare flower, famous 4 its aromatherapy benefits.
your welcome...and thank you! :) xx
I'm bored at work
From - to be an expert on TV, be confident, know your material, keep it short.
really want a mocha latte && a blueberry muffin.
southern pecan
just presented at Foodie Night. It's a resource for finding gourmet food stores, organic providers, and more.
Thank you all! Glad I could share my "out of body" experience at
He pretty much talked the whole time, all he asked was why taco johns and how i knew you
You should also check out pixable.
Holy shit! How'd you do?
congress is what calls a "potted plant" but not even as useful. Plants create O2. Congress just sucks it.
That is absurd! Get yourself to the nearest coffee shop. Pronto.
I hope Cotto wins but I don't think he stands a chance against PacMan.
Great Guys! XOXO have an amazing day!
I no that's rite
yupp that jimmy D cracka is wild
I like He is a character... He said to have a good night. What a great dude!!!
sorry to lose you
Crap! Your not in town. Well I did it to my dog last night and he slept all night long; no prob!
When smart people get together they talk about ideas.
Darn! I was wrong! Lol
All signs indicate JJ's healthier than ever heading into the season. Essential for the #Marlins to make a postseason run.
I'm having a ball editing stills & video of my trip to Sundance - I'm using iMovie - I wish you will be able to view my movie once finished
Or around tired law students. Just sayin... :)
in that case I got snicker doodles
"How old was you in third grade""third grade age or 12 or 13" whole class was rolling.
watching wwe am
Knicks played hard, great 1st half. #NYK showing some heart and playing better without Amare as usual.
Also very few account for how expensive the letter 'Z' can get when its time to invest in neon signs (ie. LEVELZZZZZZZ).
no... But thanks.
Ask him.
I've been watching a bunch of videos about Warhammer Fantasy RPG 3rd ed by Fantasy Flight Games, it looks really awesome!
Boyfriend :D my dads looking at me like the ill weirdo
Have another drink and drive yourself home btw I hope there ice on the road
#TGIF - Finish the week strong! #eatright and end the week with a great #workout - no excuses!
I didn't will go check it out hope no east coaster spoil it going to tune out of twitter til later
your not OLD AT ALL!!!
Glad you made it to you destination safely. Yes, I'm guilty of it too.
Hehe yeah, I think I'm doing pretty well, well hope so :]
fresh guacamole in a zombie apocalypse gets you in
I think men talk to women so they can sleep with them and women sleep with men so they can talk to them.
Vote John Iselin!
Erica's braiding my hair!
omg no....a lot of famous people live here. Haha I'm all trying to convince myself it'd be a good idea.
Hey uptight lady, please don't insult my favorite bus driver. So what if he enjoys announcing each stop through the microphone?
Ay you wish you hadda coaching staff like us.
BEST HOTEL IN GWINNETT
no, cliff, i haven't. ITS NEVER CROSSED MY MIND
#Imagine read this and followed me !!! Omg = me dead <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>X___X x
for your vagina only
has much to be grateful for, much to be proud of, and more yet to do!
Won't be long until Jack Bauer is back to save the world from terrorism. He's my TV hero,,,more real in life than Superman. We need him now.
RT Thank God for Steve Blake!
deal! Hope you have a good day beautiful.
Continued thoughts: No PP & PK success, bad penalties, goaltending weakness, only strong D-man was Seabs, no 2nd Ctr all year, crease 1/2
idk just like hey I want to win blah blah funny things, anything I guess haha
#sca2012 Stanford is really off and running with born-digital. We all knew that, but now I know how actively and well they're progressing.
Woah derrrr! o.O why u iz saying Nick has no penis?! girl!! I see it all the time F*** u! children on omegle this days...
bass... bass bass
lol I've met about 200 fake Harry's on there.
Just got free tickets to the concert tonight!! Whoo!
you lie Scoobie
Glad I have a one hour window to drop my cat off this morning. It might be a one hour cat carrier battle. I. Go. Forth.
Prosecutor:#Huguely was almost a foot taller, 100 pounds heavier than Love. "She never had a chance".
but you're the handsomest liver.
tasting menu is worth it
great god, finally getting on the schedule to see -- apparently all my friendlies have gotten busy!
sometimes it feels like the world is against u and people you thought were friends don't give a shit about you all that much....
Cliff Landis - Human resources are the most valuable resource of the library.
Let's #FreeTheApps!!!!
Thanks, Ted...you ROCK!
I need a tweet lingo dictionary so my amazing followers don't think I'm ignoring their shout-outs!
not every city. He was in Davis last night. Lol
that's where I ate today too!!
Alright, Bye. See ya never .
Times have been tough lately, but something good is bound to happen soon.
Just saw #TheAvengers and i really liked it. I don't know what the negative reviewers were thinking.
I agree!! Have a great race day!!
check out what's next for . There's a new design sheriff in town #SylvieAtanasio check us out
According to its advertising campaignon the CTA, Montana is a giant petting zoo.
you are so talented!!! And really pretty! Please follow me thanks :)
it's ok buddy I love ya lol :)
Blagojevich off to jail for trying to sell Obama's seat. Not long before there's bidding for his...Oh my
- - "We Are Over" was co-written by & .. It about all the people who talk crap about us!
Why in the world is Niall and Ali trending worldwide? Oh God, Directioners. This shouldn't even be that big of a deal!
is #FF already.... looks like it's going to be a busy weekend! Hope that you are well.
if someone hates you for no reason, give that motherfucker a reason
Sergio Romo bobblehead day. #Brewers made him bobble yesterday, too.
THIS! The thing about writing is that sometimes you feel like doing it & sometimes you don't. But deadlines don't have feelings.
life's what u make it. so those sayin life is a bitch, they Dr. Frankenstein, look at what YOU created.
I put a towel in the sink and use that same towel until I wash a load.
Gonna change my pic when i get home cuz it wont work on school computers haha! :D
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us. So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
- 5GB storage for #googledrive alleviates some of my worries about hosting video in student accounts for portfolio work!
No lines at the Gates of Heaven polling place, as Wisconsin's spring primary is underway. Get out and vote!
I WIN
How exciting is that! I spent years trying to find one :-)
i want my boyfriend and a bed. So we can sleep. Thats all.
on right now--about to talk about arsenic in apple juice!! Tune into
about to attend my last class in america, hopefully ever. unless i do something stupid and decide i want to take postgrad classes again.
Thanks, John! Great weekend to you.
I Gotta write that down...Lol.
were going on a wonka retweeting rampage
and they did they thing
Making this good oL list of what I want to accomplish today..
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning
oh lord no... please no
Planks, no can do Can't put any weight on left arm I can't even carry my purse anymore it's that bad Explain standing bal mov
I'm blessed to be where I am today
how do you know this?
Low, cheap blow. I'm sure u have a few in mind 4 Favre too. Vick is a young, struggling QB w/potential. I am sick of haters.
Agree!!RT : Greatest trust is bilateral, then it is empowering for all.
My friends did car washes, kool-aid stands, mowed lawns and painted fences. I did their PR and branding.
your right!! Lol
are you staying at the one right by the antique mall ?
I really need to catch up on Graham Norton, the dvr is filling up. I've been working too much these days.
Senate majority spox scott reif says "It's clear that the Senate Democrats aren't interested in helping us move New York forward..."
How 'bout dem O's?
Ive been following you for a while, on my old account at least & I just figured out who you are & we went to high school together
Wake up mane Im bout to go to the branch and request 100 check copies!!
1st time seeing him, Jason. But, he really gets it to #twist and #tilt. Impressive.
Longest week ever.. Time for #OffTheGrid grub with to start off my weekend!!
God never puts more on you than you can handle.
I am just gonna delete this
#IWillAlwaysBeALittleMonster Yeah, that's true, always, no matter what i met.
will feature my former professor Dick Buchanan as a keynote speaker. One of my early UX influences.
I'll take so long to review Rondo's chest bump that the entire city of Atlanta will either forget about it, or feel demoralized.
Possibly, feel free to check back in with us about that closer to time.
Excited to spend time w/ Austin NPOs tomorrow
hey girl. Laura from the bgc here. I need to connect with you about the running team logo. Message me a new email address?
You should have! APLA3 was so easy. Come on' I got higher than 100% there was so much extra credit, I told you :P
Recording in LA today... more new music!!
Ayo when John Barry was on your team, how bad did you want to kill that nigga?
When you have nothing left but love, then for the first time you become aware that love is enough.
RT : How To Choose a Wine Rack to Fit Your Style and Budget - Cultivating an appreciation of wine is a growing trend in......
Love it! Turkey Beer-Can and eggs. Yum!
on the bright side, if you believe in Multivese, not only is Ayumi Hamasaki on Spotify, she's standing right behind you.
Great pic of you, pretty girl!
wow r u serious
you stud!
I'm one who watches, but really doesn't watch. My wife loves the scenery. No favorites this season anymore.
yes gettin' drunk with kari mills and caleb barnes tonight :D
Wait a minute... it doesn't show what you've read and haven't read? No way I'm giving that up! Back to old TweetDeck it is.
SUMMER SALE – DVD on HOW TO START AND OPERATE YOUR OWN HOME-BASED BUSINESS NOW ONLY $20.00 ++ www.thehome-office.com
How did they find out o:!
yea just read it on espn
Abraham Lincoln stole my Digestives
1 hour to game time...woman's world cup...go USA!!!!!!
good job
I bet is out partying as I do flashcards for his class. #cool :)
sorry if you've @ mentioned us and we haven't responded. we are currently not getting any of our @ mentions.
I recently met someone who has to avoid all saturated fat for health reasons and she misses tamales horribly. But I agree with you
i've uploaded some of my childhood photos from my private account to this one! to all your spicy demands! it is a real fun! :)
Kinda in the mood to do something but there's nothing to do
Hey ! Thanks for the follow!
sounds like hitler is screaming in the song mercy
Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free. Paul Tillich
Come see me tonite Showtunes have started! Now drink.
Help trend #MahoneOnB96 please!!! Let's try to get back here!!!
How are ya been doing today?
did not come across that way. I love being different but elegant at the same time
what's up with and though? He referred to her as his
*audio levels
At airport, boarding in about 15 minutes. Hola, Mexico!
...doing all this while on study break, wattercolor class in 30 min!
Not too happy with my Yahoo web hosting account. Anybody else use a hosting service with Wordpress? Thinking of going that direction.
but the chances of us unlocking the other 90% of our brain are slim...I'll make a gundam within 30 years
Refreshing meeting aspiring entrepreneurs. Big dreams to change the world. Before their minds become jaded, and driven by only $$...
GM darling ! Did u get my last DM?
Ok now seeing the #SDMayorNP is trending - going to follow and use that, too! So far good #mayoraldebate. What do others think?
It was my pleasure Ellie! Not awkward at all, always great to meet the person behind the Twitter handle. Go Crew!
Happy St. Patrick's Day Portland! We are celebrating with you by Selling your junk car for cash! #Cash4Cars buys
I'll be at Pacific Plaza Mall today from 3-4pm for a Town Hall Meeting. Come by! Translation into Cantonese available.
:D!RT : Shoutout to for coming threw this morning !
RT : Obama backs gay marriage, completely alienating ignorant, archaic voters.
ok I see, I send u a tweet and u going ignore it but u tweeting everyone else ok I'm remember that.
Just got home from school... I'm sleepy
I look fuckd up as hell ger. Lol I had a blast!
My human thinks the soapy taste is a genetic issue, but what does she know?
Life's full of making mistakes. But don't let those mistakes turn into other peoples regrets.
Tune in to #RadioMAQAM all day as we remember the legendary Warda Al Jazairia.
Don't worry ACC not all Big East teams can put up 70 per game. It'll take 3-4 weeks to put up that many with the 2 teams u get.
#wow Flash Mob in the lunch room!! #random ;)
Sleeping early. Goodnight world <\3
Thanks for the suggestion!
You are da one so i make sure i behave.
I'm at a loser convention. Aka the DMV.
This is how it goes. I will respect those who respect me, and forget those who forget me. Simple as that.
we don't have U. So we gunna watch it on ESPN 3 on xbox or maybe computer.
stay awake - I-81 can be a snoozer at night;beautiful during day.
Ugh. Math. Lets try again. Glad i didnt pay for regustration. The 25% success rate for renting cars is a bit infuriating.
So what are your new years resolutions?
Co hosting Opportunity Village Celebrity Poker Tournament w/ , thx 2 hung w/ + Pat Dinizio!
at work, 2 burgers on the grill, 1 patty soaking its wet little panties in bbq sauce
KCAI's graphic design dept. will host a reception from 5-8 p.m. May 4 for "Inform," an exhibition of student work. 324 E. 43rd St.
Congratulations to Lee Culberson! You won our Starbucks Gift Card Giveaway!
Weird process that no one understands. Why does IA get to decide anything? Pick a president, not a party
Only 2 more days to get a beautiful fresh wreath and help me get to Hawaii. Chasesfundraising.webs.com
Just got the Wreck This App, so entertaining!!
New music videos, new EP... Tons of stuff going on!! How are you today?!
In Jamaica 90 women a year are killed by domestic violence. In a nation of 2.8 million, that is a lot.
RT RT Woman Play Hard To Get Because Men Play Hard To Keep.
playing during the 3rd and 5th hour in the field house
": Definitely not." should be worried about king as our starting center back and not so much who is in goal
Stress! Ah 4 and 1. Let's go
Exactly, Easier to actually attend and focus on the conference only.
I took the BEM test, and I'm a very masculine person.
what doesn't the size of the TV have to do with the house? That will be addressed in a later question.
awesome! I owe you an email -- we need to follow up! :)
But I infinitely prefer John's Christmas song to Paul's. I concluded this after hearing Paul's twice in one morning.
I feel like you stabbed me in the heart and im dying slowly and painfully... :x
“: SO DID WE! "we had a lot of laughs.”
Awesome - can't wait to see it!!!
I am really starting to discover that eating healthily CAN taste great and is super satisfying!
The music of New Order and The Cure is a lot more passive than their names suggests.
M. Irish pub food.
After school naps >
I love my Followers..New & Old !! :)
Will there ever be an end to music?
. I can't :/ I'm performing at Fusion 84 as
OH HEY. MY NAMES TRENDING ON TWITTER. lol :]
Familiar with the concept of Hate Speech? Yes? Just saying...the word is ugly and tossed around to easy.
well she looks like she's Livin it up
oh crap!! Really?!
"It's Not Right, But It's Okay." ~Whitney Houston
IMO as tupac archivist you need to weigh in about the hologram. Are you planning on accessioning any tumblrs?
Aaannnnddd say hello to the white iPod IT'S SO NICE OMFG
is Ani not Lezzie enough for you?
are there any food trucks today?
+ Elsewhere in Florida, white man convicted of murder sentenced to 15 yrs. And George Zimmerman remains free.
Angelo's Is great
15,202 in attendance for tonight's game at Progressive Field -- missing a few fans!
YES, but i'm grateful! I have run 5 miles this week already. BOOM.
I'm petty enough to enjoy recalling vapidity of early response to #ows: "They're drinking Starbucks! Using laptops! hypocrites!"
#YouCuteAndAllBut id rather have a conversation with a wall
Oh yes! The graduation song that always gave me chills!
We've got some cool blogs/posts coming your way, stay tuned!
This "merp" thing just has to stop....
I keep doing this \m/
In that case, they can pick the song!
#HappyMothersDay to all the moms and moms to be!
Watching last night's Mad Men and all I will say is this: HOT DAMN SALLY DRAPER!
I am on a wheat free diet for two weeks... So far I have lost 16 pounds of my
But first and foremost I'm a baseball fan. Except the Yankees. Fuck the Yankees.
They've got me so pissed that I even said no to Dunkin Donuts. That's saying something
We are link-building!!! If you have a website relevant to our cause, give us a shout and we'll add your link...
Really need to stop thinking of interesting ideas for hypothetical presentations when I go to bed it gets my mind racing. now I can't sleep
Can't wait until everyone in Weezer is over 70 and my "Weezer Geezer" joke is finally funny.
Video chatting with a web design class in Australia. Tomorrow is today!
His name is Mr. HBCU
Had my lunch in now its back to the money I go ahaha money is all I see...stack your bread up boo then holla at me
Yeah thats M I N E :D
Thanks for mentioning me
Thanks for the mention! I'll be sure to say hi. See ya tomorrow!
Thank you for putting a donation box for the Indiana AIDS Walk & Ride in your northside location. We appreciate you!
Sometimes people really piss me off and I wish they would just maybe disappear into thin air...
WHERE IS MY WRINKLE RELEASER
If true, that could mean 6 weeks of missed time.
congrats to fina graduate from audio engineering school
Shout out to my cuzzzzz Go Dodgers! Braves suck!!!
Love your photos. Are you traveling in India?
Ketchup, not that special. OH WAIT, there's Jack. It's fucking special now player.
LOTS OF AWESOME PHOTOS OVER ON OUR TUMBLR ---> CHECK IT FYEAHFAREWELLFIGHTER.TUMBLR.COM
ya me too
Hope U had a productive day, now go home & remember 2 devote uninterrupted chunks of time 2 the most important people in your life.
Now that's an idea!
Hmm an idea baby has been born! Haha sure it is, party animal. Was good, watched Glee with friends & worked out. Yours?
going to see in concert with Colleen september 6th! i'm so excited! <3
If you are not already a fan...make sure you also check out the jazz movement also known as IRock JAZZ.
we <3 you
If College Football is going to continue to be a sham (No real Champ) then the NFL should seriously develop a true minor league system.
Have you ever been to Waverly Hills?
One more day in MI then back to Pittsburgh.
young grasshoppa, you shall learn:)
feeling like you've got a flat tire? Deny it. It'll fill itself back up.
Walking and texting is going to get Darwinian. I've seen three people nearly struck in traffic just on tonight's walk.
Cleaning hardwood is a piece of cake and your pet will love the coolness feeling of your hardwood floors!!!!
Taking my golden retriever into Sears with me because I just don't care anymore.
great story indeed!!
Hospital paperwork sucks
Once a Bosconian. Always a Bosconian.
Years ago I made a tragic attempt to trim my own hair. I was doing great before I realized I forgot to put the clipper guard on.
they don't even let me do that...
“ “ So happy one second, incredibly depressed the next.””
Did you ever think we would find and kill Osama. Not really.Now pull his pants down and get that goat over here Im posting this on FB
The Denver County Fair is excited for the State Fair Colorado starting tomorrow!
At with the family for Xmas. U know lifes hard trying to pick off the wine list.
anytime. i'll keep reading your work wherever you publish it.
No! I found The Brucie Boggs!!!
oh snap!
I'm ready to knock my 1 midterm exam out and get an good grade because God will give me wisdom! (:
Thanks, Dana. Have been looking for museum school software and hadn't uncovered any goodies yet. This is a good start!
Health is so boring .
I hope that bus hurry & pick yall up im gettin pissed...ugh
You'll meet many wonderful people from New Mexico here on Twitter :-)
well, she was like freaking out about it. lmao. so i thought she was being serious.
(Wauwatosa) FD on scene of a roll over @ 65th & Wisconsin. All occupants are out of vehicle
you know that point in life when u get to say "A while back i was..." i see it coming! its real close!!!
wait. we're 6 blocks from lock up? See what I miss when I'm sick?!?
come to my house & bring like 5 bucks (bike project ) !!
you in team dynasty?
Glad you enjoy it! #4thandForever #LongBeachPoly RT : Awesome stuff. This is good tv.
She'll be using it within a week, lol
A good vacation is over when you begin to yearn for your work. ~Morris Fishbein
Watching Looney Toons puts my in a great mood!!
Road tripping to the this summer with Who wants to come with ?
Happy Easter! We are closed, enjoy your day!
A big thank you for the RTs!
SpaceSaver launched makeover contest via social media aimed at organized sports teams at the college and K12 level
#FF an Unexpected Documentary on the Youth of Mozambique and their love for Heavy Metal Music
Need a new job!
Being sick makes regular life seem completely impossible. How does she do it?
i remember i used to be good at singing,sports,dancing,school,&basically EVERYTHING ...but then tumblr entered my life.
Ready to go home and it hasn't even started!
it would of come together faster if you woulda watchwd in order
I know this defies the law of gravity, but I never studied law!
tired of school
HELP! Who knows where the nearest urgent care clinic is in N Austin?
might have noticed my name change. this suits me a bit better.
I miss NY see you soon :)
Thinking about introducing my comrades in Wales to possibly the first thing Americans made after breaking from the Church: Hot buttered rum
I hate the #Yankees but think the Mariano Rivera injury is pretty sad. Hopefully he recovers!
Completely new and fresh start. Thank You Jesus, for EVERYTHING. <3
2 hours left.
who got into the drew creative writing class she wanted? thats right, me! take that advisor!
appreciate it!
haha thank you!
WAKE UP
Kazakhstan ties it at 2 late in the 3rd vs USA... What a fu*ckin' joke.
Became a fan of old people who complain that young people complain too much.
Me too! RT : Stoked to announce we're playing the NYE Party at the
AT&T on competitive landscape: "cloud-washed" = fragmented market where everyone uses cloud terminology = confusion
super! I treated it like a book. The proposal is for a tech-themed conference for faculty developers (like the TRC folks).
Lol. I m playing with a drill at work, and my boss come up and says who are you drilling? Should I answer that? Lol
who passes up an opportunity to smoke??
that terrifying moment when you thought you ordered lunch 20 minutes ago and realize you never hit "submit."
The Internet is a big place - #CMOsummit w/NASCAR drivers one week, and #ROFLCon w/double rainbow guy the next - best mental mashup ever
Trying to get on the screen at foxes
.99 cent wells ** no cover ** Broadway bar ** TONIGHT * .99 cent wells ** no cover ** Broadway bar ** TONIGHT **
you told me you were positive about the celtics going 5-3 in the 8 games stretch, guess you were wrong :)
Yes ma'am it is:-) Just realxin now until I go to work at 7pm to close. Hows your day going?
I hate that expression. Lol isn't much shorter than haha, and it means the same thing.
hey girly! Do you know when the m&g starts for the citadel? (:
Need ushers for NEXT, msg us for more details
I really should be sleeping... =]
come join us for happy hr & live tunes from !!!
Happiness is...
Who are you to say differently? Quoting another movie but forgot the first part. It is from Inception. I am full of quotes!
ASDFGHJKL. I JUST WON A SIGNED COPY OF UNBROKEN. LET ME DIE. OMFG I CAN'T.
Oh yeah! Got me excited now
You need to go do some ankle exercises yo ugly ahh
Save a little money each month and at the end of the year you'll be surprised at how little you have. Haskins, Ernest
I manage a team better then Hurdle.
Commission on Sustainability meeting today from 4-6 pm at 417 E. Fayette Street, 8th Floor. Meeting is open, come and join the discussion!
haha no. I didn't brag about it since, I thought I had a breakthrough cause all I eat is fried hahahha
: I'll be here but is heading to a 6month training course for new #career. #MushroomMonday was excellent, btw!
Who needs a man when you have an awesome bestfriend<3
i know these.. they com wraped in a red wraper.. love that mexican cany lol
I'm at long beach sitting down on a sofa.....end of story
Cannot believe that we once thought we could have it finished in June. That's what you might call a little aggressive.
he's back
Let's just ban the Sixers from the playoffs. They're like a contagious flu of ugly basketball
Ethical?:Should your employer be allowed to make you like the company on FB or follow it on Twitter?Feedback please, want 2 blog it on topic
My 3 year old nephew started preschool yesterday. Last year around this time he had 2 surgeries and fought for his life in the ICU. Amazing.
Um, this one not an NPR show, either. RT: : We got "The Splendid Table" at IKEA.
And writing shall commence now..
Goodbye Grizzlies. Spurs/Clippers...let's go! Game 1 Tuesday night! GO SPURS GO!!
Working on more covers for YouTube! Videos have become a regular thing now, so definitely subscribe at youtube.com/tylerblalock :)
I told Everyone in School today thaat my boyfriend was gonna Be on tv tonight (;
Your average man, unsupervised, will simply rinse the BBQ sauce off his shirt and then hang it back in the closet for at least 1 more wear.
Good morning Miami! Another gorgeous day ahead!
Wait wait wait!!! How in the FUCK is Keisha acting like a child!??!?!? (-_-) Tami cant be serious
"Grace calls us to transformation daily" -
Live at DMC Huron Valley Sinai Hospital from now until 10am. It's Hospital Week!!
It's also not just one person. It's probably at least 10 accounts I've unfollowed, refreshed the page, and they're still showing.
The dentist is the patient today! I don't understand why ppl complain about going to the dentist. It's really not that bad.
I think you've been hacked. eek Unless some IS posting nasty rumors about me in which case that MUST be stopped.
Lmao I Go To Lang Middle School.!:)
What primer do you use when painting your home's exterior?
We have a 'break', then we're hit with a 3-day long state test when we come back... really?! then another 3-day long state test NEXT week :p
"No man can become rich without himself enriching others." — Andrew Carnegie: Today is the day to enrich someone!
#raw10 a Pirate go n a bar wit a steerin wheel stuck 2 his pants. Bartend, Hey u got a str wheel on u? Pirate, Arrrrggg It's Driving Me Nuts
Someone asked me for directions stating that I looked like a "Boulder Baby."
Gonna miss my dude..
I've got a Nintendo controller belt buckle but I don't wear it because I've seen other people wearing it.
Rather than studying, I spent my last half hour defreinding people on Facebook
944 list closes in 15 minutes! you know you're thirsty for a free cocktail! www.944.com/sdmusic
A Poor Man see's nothing but work. A Rich Man see's the hidden Equity he can build with work!
lmao out of no were
Carlos Marmoul just blew a 3 run lead in 9th
haha indeed he is & I think so :P
Was just reading now I know what I want for my birthday....<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Live everyday like its your last
It's the hottest day of the year and #Naughtons has all of your cooling & A/C needs. Come see us and don't get caught sweating it out.
And me saying, "no, no I'm really serious" :)
or should I say letrizzie ??? :)
OH NO SHE DINT! RT : is amazing but not that good at trivia
Just had some1 say "ni**a we know is Ur favorite KC artist!!!
that's such a good anniversary date! Lol
I was being sarcastic.
RT Top 12 Social Media Insights for #Nonprofit Orgs in 2012 [Good stuff] by
is, in fact, a cheeky lad. I haven't met you, but this is crazy, I wish I could give you my number so you could call me maybe.
#YouCuteAndAllBut I'll never meet you,
You're welcome! I'm still pissed about it, lol. Hopefully things are going well?! I am officially following you. :)
thanks for the retweet!
Deets on the Pleasant House (Bridgeport) fry RT : beer battered lake superior whitefish, hand-cut chunky chips, tartar sauce. $12
coo text me 4022082773
Rihanna Causes Drama on the Set of &#39;Saturday Night Live&#39;
I'm a great example of sleeping with a broken heart..
Follow for the best local deals in Seattle
Don't miss out on our january special. Buy two ome hour massages for only $99
Trackin today. Wow
#Maguire, Out of Oz (The Wicked Years #4). A most excellent, complex finale, just enough tied up, complete with Dorothy. I'll miss this Oz.
Make sure you follow on instagram anthonyesoldo
RollCall Please! If you were accepted to please sing out via #DrydenSocial Hashtag!
Lex Convention Center will once again be hosting the Kids Are Worth It! Conference. Mark your calendars- 9/10 and 9/11/2012.
be sure to attend the NAPA Employer Expo Friday 11-4 in 517a! It's a great opportunity to speak with practicing anthros
We'll be at the Society of American Archivists Archives 360 #SAA11 this Thursday 25th and Friday 26th, booth 311. See you there!!!
Thanks, Kelly!
So true! Melt. Tonight I told Alyssa, "I love you." She looked at me and smiled. "I love you, too."
I just did 365 tweets! #CantWaitToSee my tweets reach 500th...
I freakin love it! When I get back home in Gone read it!
you weren't going anywhere til you got them ;) oh Niall I love you!
Dine in,pick up or have delivered a sm thin/crispy or hand-tossed cheese pizza -$3.99.X-tra tops just $1.09ea. Gryos with all fixings-$3.99
Everyone needs to be valued. Everyone has the potential to give something back. ~ Diana, Princess of Wales
S/O to my west coast peeps
Bloom: There's a profound lack of vision in our culture for what kind of culture we want to have.
#imagine Harry walks by and you say " OMG " he turns around and hugs you.
Follow me please!!!!!!! & come to Uruguay! You're an ANGEL (: . I Love You<U+2665> 143 -.
I remember when Herman Cain was the only Republican talking about sex.
i wanna try doing sexual things high. everyone says its better.
super busy! Just the way I like it ;)
I am so pissed I was really looking forward for concert nd I had a bad day needed to blow off some steam nd kick but fuck naw
I would say my tweets r less finance more venture dispersed with humor and politics.
lmao , what . that`s Random ! what gave him that idea? ahaha
are peeling my shoulders..
Awesome day!
Luke Bryan on replay <U+2764>
I am with you on the younger push, maybe they can get away rotating it with the veterans and Jones.
B.C.N. wishes all a happy Easter , enjoy the day.
Going for a run on this sunny day with
I look forward to meeting you at the premiere!!!
I didn't realize Jerel Worthy blocked the final field goal to win the 2012 Outback Bowl. Looks like he and another DL did it
The sky is the limit
“ people who I can occasionally have really deep conversations with, and at the same time joke around with them.”
(apropos of previous): 'cuz you don't have enough to do ;-)
Be calm. Be calm. I know you feel like you are breaking down. I know, it gets so hard sometimes. Be calm.
how did it feel to be beaten at speed drinking by a Kenny Powers doppelgänger? (autocorrect put the sexy accent on the a, not me)
sounds like we gotta get drunk, come to wicker park. Corner of damen/division
When can I get another mix man? Last one was KILLER!
Could Darron Thomas lock in to his primary target more? Look a guy off, or this is going to go from bad to worse
Thanks for the #FF! Hope you have a prosperous weekend and a great Easter
“: Aw! thank you so much, it means a lot!!<3 you just make my day!!!(':” <3 I'm glad to hear that(:
Congrats to the seniors of and the rest of ! Happy #ISMonday !
if consistently bad? RT : don't want consistent. They want perfect. RT : Just be consistent, all a ref can do.
At the sky lounge in el cerrito with Hussle Simmons ........ What a night so far!
I'll be interested to see how this one comes out
I loved the way she said LA
I hate liars...I can't stand selfish people...
If Phil Jackson wont coach the Knicks, l'll take Jeff Van Gundy or keep Mike Woodson
sounds good to me. Saw a drake-ass nigga today. Skinny jeans with the teardrop over his eye. You didn't kill nobody.
Prevent the institutionalizing of our children's future by teaching them today!!!!
cool! thanks!
Grants pow wow with the company today... Let's do this
Good trip to Hong Kong. Amazing city.
if I think that ELLEN is more attractive than most of my ex-boyfriends, does that make me a lesbian?
what is that?
I've placed information vital to the survival of the rebellion into the pants of this R2 unit.
Happy Saturday ! Preparing for the big launch..... SE WI will soon be alot happier
New training aids, come in and work on your putting. Putters on sale! 20% off.
i have the most amazing fiance ever!!!! :D
Plan on checking it out next week!!! RT : Who in Hollywood is braving the lines and going to for lunch?
Sweet! I'll check it out.
RT : I believe that without improving ourselves, the battle to improve anything else is highly unlikely.
Gdm twitters hope u all r great, have a bless day. I'm getn ready to goto the library, ttyl (~_~) …… …………XoXo
i really needed that sleep until 10:30 this morning.
Another weeds marathon with and
Relay for life!
7 months ago today I started dating my bestfriend. <U+E32D>
That would be ! ": "Be awesome." #gradOU alumni speaker"
I dont go for looks . I go for personality , thoughts and how big the persons HEART is , not dick and beautiful face ..
well I know your talking about me
Connection Salon!!!! We are a full service Salon/Spa in Chicago, IL. Check out our place and 20% off your first time service!
oh thanks <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><U+2764>you too
Cool! I'd like to see both! How were you able to get to Cuba? I thought we weren't allowed there?
thank you for the share ;) you Rock!!!!
Thats a good One! Hope you both have a great day! :)
Congrats to Cam Newton. New record holder for rushing TDs by a quarterback in a single season.
Guess what, allergic and sensitive eaters, you are not alone.
are you able to DM screenshot of what you are seeing?
": Songs bring out #Capricorn's tender heart"
Had a really good weekend :) with , going to the cast party now.
": I'm following next 80 who follow & list for me :) Just 80 &lt;3"
“Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.” – Buddha
Internet is blowing up on a rumor that NBC cancelled P&R/Community/30Rock. That can't be real (but I wouldn't mind). Check yr sources, dopes
(I may have had coffee for lunch)
THis girls has a really pretty dress.
Life's too short to be thinking of "what if"
RIP Joepa hate to see any family suffer through cancer regardless
If they want to keep tabs on something make it the pulse of the folks who elected them. (Please begin reading from the 5th one down).
Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others. -
YOU'RE THE WIND BENEATH HER WINGS, DON.
Busted out my shorts today. Yay for Spring!
I'm going try. I've been good since my surgery. This will either go bad or be good.
“: "The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet." - James Oppenheim” very insightful :)
researching twitter for an application I'm building
Tired bit don't wanna take a nap cuz I won't sleep tonight...(-_-)
still waiting....but i live in nyc. i think everyone south got them first.
"Cross Us And we'll get dat Steal (Steel) We Got Great Defense.
deep down thats all we ask for
Remodeling work, maintenance work, handyman services, new construction, and more! For home owners, Realtors, investors, etc.
Same person called me crying last night smh..get ur mind right patna!
Watching my lil bro play stepdaddy
Hey guys lets show our love for the BTR boys WE LOVE YOU
My mom has this idea in her head that if you wear red lipstick you're a hooker. What the fuck?!
Nothing like Waking Up in a sea of tissues.
There was no mocking. Only humoring.
Damn Thay Food From Four Mothers Still Got Me Full!
every day I wake up missing
I shouldn't have ate that :( lol.
Working on a mixtape :)
Not sure but I think sponge cake may use yolks.
It's a marathon not a sprint. Relax Phans, it's baseball.
" We'll have a house, somewhere in New Jersey. We'll sleep till the afternoon, and watch football in the living room...."
I almost got excited cuz I thought we were at the same theater lol
sounds good bo (:
": HOW DO YOU GET UP FROM AN ALL TIME LOW?" IM IN PEICES IT SEEMS LIKE PEACE IS THE ONLY THING ILL EVER KNOW!.
Packing to go meet my chic Maisha in Vegas and party with the chicas , and Brit chic Chantel!! I hate packing for small vacays
That was a fun night
Remember the state smoking ban? Inspectors checked bars in Macon Co. for the 1st time.. Find out what happened tonight @ 10 on WAND
Departing the space ship and coincidentally the library. Until we embark on another space adventure and
I couldn't ask for anyone better than you..
The concert season starts :-) Nada Surf at the Neptune Theater.
I heard you lookin for videographers, can you dm me the details
it all depends on how I do on that Davis quiz hahah
Love is louder and more contagious than hate, so stop hating and start loving.
laughed out loud several times on the train reading Zoobreak by Gordon Korman. good way to start a Monday morning
HAHA!! SOME PEOPLE MAKE ME LAUGH THEY JUST DON'T KNOW WHEN TO STOP! AH WELL THEY WILL LEARN WHEN THE TIME COMES ITS THE WRONG THING TO DO T…
ive been drinking so much that ima call you up & say . . . .
u get dat email homeboy?
i miss you too just cant wait till the beach :)
There's **
Was going 2 download The Vandals as well.. easy boy, one album at a time.
There never was a good knife made of bad steel. Benjamin Franklin
lol u look like shaq dribbling the ball down the Court
An excellent description :-) RT Twitter is like walking through a beautiful garden with mines scattered about
He def.ly just made my day better
GoMeals™ makes it easy to access nutritional info, find restaurants and keep track of your food intake.
Bwhaha! RT : "elisa has served gordon undercooked fish again, while jonathan is beset upon by slavering lizardmen"
holy eff I know, how was It after I left?
One little storm just popped up near #Dodgeville. Take the umbrella to lunch over the next 30 minutes.
We would totally recommend that Bright Eyes/Kurt Vile show if wasn't the lamest venue in town. You'll go anyway!
Did Noah have woodpeckers on the ark?
CS6 Beta Photoshop! downloading now!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MONTANA ! :)
asks if the dog ate his homework. I didn't think I could like Gene more after he used the word 'bromance'.
That would probably be nuts
Golf master!
"You're visions will become clear only when you can look inside your own heart" -C.G. Jung
love you hun!
Our Starbucks Insane Gift Card Offer sold out in 75 seconds! Wow!! Congrats if you were one of the lucky ones who got one!
God of theatre gave me back a 7pm curtain after my protest yesternight. Hooray
Thank you for your kind invitation
Colt=6th round pick. At the end of the day the Browns improved at the QB position.
idk why me and my friends are proud of being the whore 4...lolol
yeah he need to since his ass want to have a baby way in the d
I can't listen to Sir Mix-a-Lot without hearing "Baby got Brunch".
shut yo sof ass up puss
#ICantTrust a chic that has 5 kids is really taking her birthcontrol
lamenting the garlic bulbs planted in a pot on my balcony and frozen during today's snowstorm :-( Oops.
<-- EVERYONE FOLLOW HER SHE IS SO SWEET!!!
shoot you probably right!
Happy Hollidays everyone!
Our Hero is thankful for bounce passes, pump fakes, and the only triple-double in Wisconsin history.
#SaySomething is amazing :) :)
In a traditional lending environment, a company that has reached its maximum loan limit usually has few options to raise additional funds.
row s aisle. With oxygen! Lol
As agency owner, cc$ is 4 writing multiple voices after O+1 (1 wit/2 attys). Production $ are nominal, esp paperless.(?)
ouch!! dang girl i pray u get better soon,its beautiful outside
Amir Khan just got robbed wow he won that fight gotta keep it real!!!!
We'd be delighted!
There ain't no reason you and me should be alone tonight yea baby!
hanging out at brooklyn, with serge and bobby v
but Parfit's Triple Theory was touted as a candidate for a second Copernican Revolution? I guess I'll fall back to theory_(string).
So not fair, i always surrender to music
#NF (vicious songwriter) and (dynamite producer)
wicked and charmed! Yes!
dehydration and concussion and I can't wirg my own camera just watch cheerleading on espn i've been on it a few times at Disney
SCENE: Pickup passes blueheron w/ trekking sticks. REDNECK: How can you ski in this weather? BLUE: It's all in the mind. RDNK: Good answer.
do you want me to add you to the chicago beliebers facebook group that made?(:
#smallbiz generated 65% of net new jobs over the past 17 years in the US.
Check out our new website at www.azbklawyer.com !
At ONE... Time to find out what's going on with my back
Proud of our band, orchestra, choir, and dance teams who have all put on great performances these last few days!
workning out on this lazy sunday after a sweet buffet.
Week 2 and it just keeps getting better.. Excitable
what what?!?! Here I am!! Morning all!!
Where was u at last night!!! we was in the Freakin Villa!!!
or maybe they just need a new coach
lol ^^ Tell me what you want! ;)
Ck. on the 1933 emergency powers act FDR used it and no President has had the gutts to remove it, makes Pres. a dictor
17 days left to prepare. Start stretching your brain muscles for beer learnin' and start stretching your livers for beer drinkin!
you can order it at the book table
Just saw a Peregrine falcon. What was your favorite bird species when you were a kid? What did it do to fall out of your good graces?
Thanks to Otwell Elementary for a great visit this morning. I really enjoyed recording a holiday message for our troops with the students.
well said
both of you are weird. Don't your feetsies feel restricted and not free?!
At Belair Edison's monthly community association meeting speaking with residents. , Delegate Glenn and are here too
IS fun to read HP aloud! Wish my voice could hold out longer each night! I do enjoy doing the voices tho.
why do u think that?!?
Ahh, I'm home sweet home. AKA at a concert with , and (:
Thanks for your advice, time to get down to business!
...well 'cheap' relatively speaking of course ha...
I Can't believe my brother is already graduating from high school..
I really want to study over in the UK, any ideas where in the UK I should study?
Just wanted to say I love you and i'm proud to be your fan. <3
Yoshida isn't on near the level as Williams, but his chin is killer!
Damn legit trade got 2 Snaps for $30. Good condition too!
where is that BBQ at again ?
home sweet home!
Daaaaamnn it feels good #Nowplaying: Sweat
I'm serious, if you weren't at last nights show, you missed one of the most outrageous concerts ever!
aww thanks!!! your so sweet :))))
Im talking national radio good!!! Im talking Top 10 on the charts good!!! It will be a HIT record!!!
#FF Follow Friday
Be wary of alternative treatments for ADD/ADHD, such as optometric vision training.
I know :/ Gahhhhh!! And I hope you meet ariana someday:)
Seems like everyone who knows Jen is friends with each other. It's our own little love cult
#OkUPrettyBut brush your teeth...
"There are few, if any, jobs in which ability alone is sufficient. Needed, also, are loyalty, sincerity, enthusiasm and team play."
Working tonight, I don't know why! Just feeling like it :]
I couldn't tell if it was shade, but it probably wasn't...
Just karate chopped the fridge closed. My mom looked pretty impressed.
If his career is more important to you than it is to him, something is wrong. With you.
love it so far!
Aww I hope you feel better!
LOL. : Tee hee! PS- feel like I haven't seen you in forever. Don't take this the wrong way, but my thighs miss you.
Early summer!!!! Having a meeting soon to plan :)
500 FOLLOWERS!!! JUST LIKE I PROMISED 2 BRAND NEW SONGS, ILY GUYS
Everytime I get a little bit of money, I have to spend it ):
You gotta have FAITH in order to be faithful FAITHFULLY!!!!
great! I'm on one of the computers on the 4th floor.
When you text someone: "goodnight! see you tomorrow :)" And you get: "nightt" Oh okay, ITS CUZ IM WHITE, ISN'T IT?!
thanks for sharing and keep up the positive attitude, also your mom sounds awesome!
How many drive-in movies have you shown on your forehead?
Mr Perkowski read us a baby book
SHUT UP RT I've always said that pierce is one of the best dagger throwers ever...so many game tying and winning shots
See "the hottest new thing in candles!" They're scent-sational
It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver
Watching documentary recap of 2011 Egypt #jan25 & other nonviolent revolutions. Inspired. NOTHING is impossible.
The Weather is Nice!
it's healing up perfectly. I haven't taken any chances with it.
so you still got a min!
man in the mirror like Michael Jackson
Broncos fan.
“: Never lied on my vagina... Believe that”
awww. Poor baby :(
If anything was to happen in my love life, is it sad that I have a list of who gets told and in what order? ha...
On my way to work
beef jerky, trail mix and egg mcmuffins
Happy New Years Tweethearts! May 2012 bring you peace, happiness and abundant joy.
Of course! I have a few stacked next to my Baby Sitter-Little Sister books!
Slowly falling asleep <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Lesbian sisters are never the best with fashion advice. *ahem*
Attention Baby Boomers: Have You Saved Enough For Retirement?
I wish Bruce Lee could have made more movies
All I want for lunch is a blunt n yo gurl!
Hope you had a great weekend! RT : Good evening to a fellow panelist on Now following!
Just got an #Xbox for my birthday and could totally use any game recommendations you all have!
Sad to hear that Maurice Sendak has passed away. My childhood would not have been the same without his stories. He will be missed
#NF you! Thanks for the follow! :)
Day 5 of my diet: not happy
thanks man! How's everything going with you?
Have a great show!
oh yeah.. that's right! LOL
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! :-)
Getting ready for the Pink Impact Women's Conference! Anyone else in the Dallas area going?
randy your mad lucky I'm still sick let me get back to 100% and Ima ball you up again with or without Ronaldo () ;)
Really?? The last time I came to FL it rained 14 inches in 30 hours and completed ruined my golf outings.
Halloween gives horror a bad name? You must be joking.
This what I dnt understand. How can some whites h8 blacks wen their ppl brought us 2 america. Be mad @ ur ancestors,we was chillin n africa
I RTed it
RT : The strongest thing about social media is it gives people a voice - Shahinaz Ahmed
who was it?
shopping? Now you're talking my language. (but then again I only like shopping if it's for me, lol)
Tyler! you didn't!
Best wax ever! Thanks!!!
S/O THAT FOR THE FOLLOW BRO
Finna Hit The
last night i was at drinking champagne, and tonight i'm in the lab going over web stat spreadsheets. my life is strange.
I'm watching dolphins in the ocean at sunset with my feet in the sand - amazing
RT : Be who you are, and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind -Dr. Seuss
RT : Unplanned video shoot with "Keeping it Real Ministries" who minister to the homeless in downtown Columbia.
When u try and control everything u enjoy nothing relax, breathe let go & live
Get on stickam and watch in like 20 mins
Awesome to hear Dave, glad you like it! More releasing from soon!
Good couple of last days.
Yep, this is our town, it's kind of like this all year, but not as crowded...
Back at 'ya ! That #lifeclass sure was inspiring. Did you play the Thank You game too?
candles | candle holders | oil warmers | www.discountgifts365.com
Twenty two minutes until Meal #2! Metabolism revving!!!
There's this handsome man on the train, very quietly crying and holding a half-eaten sandwich, as if he's too sad to bring it to his mouth.
Have a fun and safe New Years!!! :)
Hey, you don't. Have. To commit a felony.
It has!...I was told it's getting close but haven't been given any specific info yet. I'll keep checking...
Installed wireless router. Worked for abt 4 hours. Now refusing to speak to modem. Seems like metaphor for something.
Of course you would #JealousPretendBFTweet :)
yeah I just sent it lol
Nice man! The "electrician" is great. Perfect capture.
My productivity is being seriously compromised by
Oh we are interviewing in t-minus 15 minutes. Got any questions you're dying to have answered?
Actually, I take that back. I haven't had as many death threats since I focused my tweets on movie stars instead. Huh.
If y'all have any graphic design positions, please let me know. My cousin is super talented + about to graduate!
not only did she finish the monkey, but the elephant and giraffe as well haha
LET'S. GO. DEVILS.
#RedEyeGreenTreeFrogs!! #Warning they are
nope. He was looking for one. The answer they gave (response to real life) was okay, but I think he (and others) wanted more answers
The awkward moment when you butt dial someone and they call you back to ask what you called them for.
Dagger type of swagger, that's means this boys Sharp. I never really give a Fuck, swag like tony stark.
Piano tuner has just finished tuning my piano. Now he's "testing" it out. Plays beautifully. Ahh.
About to hit at Trumpets in Montclair, NJ with Frank Perowsky Big Band...
I am so tired of our voices being squelched! WHAT HAPPENED 2 FREEDOM OF SPEECH???? & how can THEY take it down? Despicable!!!!
Hi it's me I was asked "are you really 12" Yes I am! can help other kids just like I am, sign up today.
Thanks so much for your support of
Haha! Would you believe I only have *11* emails in my inbox and the fact that they are not filed is driving me crazy?
You're very well read, it's well known.
Hands down i cant complain about anything right now. Got the best family and friends anyone could ask for and to top it off the best girlfr…
FM radio in Milwaukee is whack. Its sad when you've got talk radio stations on AM that are better than the music stations on FM.
Omg! I hate the universe today!!! I need to go back to sleep!
what do you want
IDk, People Are Like That, Lol
Cause you make my heart race.
I dread summer practices. But I just can't wait for it all ha
Loving my Outfit for my next performance. Its devilishly charming=)
- I like that
Today I am disappointed in the #49ers. #Moss is like cancer.
Sometimes when you let go of your darkest secret you'll see that you are not alone in this world. Thank you CM.
like the profile pic!
That's what I thought. Chris and I were trolling target for you last night. EEK
I think Pandora just played an ad in Portuguese (?) because I'm listening to a Gal Costa station.
#IUsedTo be a virgin.
I recommend Pocahontas, Riverside Community Schools and Treynor Community Schools. Let me know if you'd like more!
Fake Twitter accounts are so 2011.
They just vanished!! I think my account got hacked :(
Keep up the hard work! Keep grindin homie!!
"Duck and Cover!" Only people in Mrs. Gannon's History class will get it. (;
There's a Coyote Ugly in MKE? Then I guess the answer to your question is yes...
"God walks with us. He scoops us up in His arms or simply sits with us in silent strength until we cannot avoid the awesome recognition..
Choices are endless. What would you CHOOSE to do if you knew you could not fail????
Oh, you have a sticker of a bullet hole on your car, but you're driving through West Kendall? You must be quite the original gangster!
Depend not on another, but lean instead on thyself...True happiness is born of self-reliance.
Florida Senator coming up on at 830 a.m. ET -
What does Mercedes's "best of nothing" mean?
Don't do what the critics want you to do. Do what God wants you to do!
The one lady I always have to go to at victorias secret is such a bitch.
Let me know if you find out how to opt out of #Superpages. Something tells me as long as companies pay they'll keep coming.
I didn't get your text, homie!
yea i knew it was between that ahaH
": Life doesn't have a remote, get up and change it yourself.".
Adventures in toddler cognition: "I hit him because he was sad."
Now I have to go build my Tweetdeck!
If men got pregnant, birth control would be in the water supply!
Yeah, buddy! Cant wait :) MT : God Morning #DC! Today we’ll be dishin’ the goods at
Appreciate the mention, TY!!
This Kidd think he too nice in COD tho
m....toasted coconut!
So what were my favorite concerts of 2010? www.TheConcertStage.com/blog/index.html
Fuck you too
I like dallas to! But that girl acts like she's moving somewhere insanely different from her previous home
The Broncos should sign every free agent tight end
no mention of computer science's dark side. programmers' focus on efficiency allow capitalists to make more with less workers
I feel you on that one
No rigging from us or foul play. Just straight winning!
Big goals get big results. No goals get no results or somebody else's results. Mark Victor Hansen
your tweets are protected
"I was rapping at eight." - Nich Cannon
Doug, thanks for including my tweet in your paper!
A new record!
LDS Church not part of redrawn liquor suit against state
feels good
you have my deepest sympathy keep it pushing!
I hope Scott Skiles does return as Head Coach. I doubt he's among the #Bucks' top ten problems.
Having some great meetings in Omaha today!
Bloom: Without funding, everything that makes an organization work properly goes.
an XJL should have auto tire-repair no?
do you prefer Dairy Queen or Baskin Robbins? I'm leaning toward the Blizzard!
is proud to be a Faronic Partner! Clients routinely tell us that Deep Freeze is the best product they've ever bought!
RIP Chuck Brown
I mouthed "is that your girlfriend?" -_- RT : you mouthed that to me :O
(cont) HUGE fan. Please help me make her 17th birthday a memorable one!
Faboo fete, (As always). Happy birthday!
#YouShouldNeverTrust someone who constantly says they're not like the rest.. Unless their ACTIONS prove it..
Will Rogers: "I nevah Metta World Peace..."
Anyone ever use constellation.tv as an online movie theater? What are your thoughts?
(AP) -- Apple Inc., the world's most valuable company, trumped skeptics once again by reporting blowout iPhone sales
where at bro
lmfao yeah I'm still a square !!! And yayyyyy congrats I'm excited for u !! U know I'm proud of u Mara ...
And the official statement comes at last. Thank you.
What are you waitin' for?! Grab the puccias before they are gone!!! 1/2 off select Puccias!!!!!!
anytime. Good opportunity to grab some extra business :)
umm I think everything
Oh joy it's season.
Do I need to draw you a diagram?
must have been something serious if somebody did.
THAT'S TERRIBLE
Today is National #TellAStoryDay. Share your #Diversity story using the hash-tag: #CulturalUnity!
Is it wrong that the amazing Chinese BBQ Pork I bought on the way home didn't actually make it home???
I can't believe Ali got fired!
Off to the ABC upfront presentation shortly.
Thanks for the follow.
laying in bed at 8:30. After falling asleep in the library 3 times today, i thought this would be my best bet.
Just saw my friend's photos from Europe and realized how much I'm overdue for a home visit. I'm craving simplicity in ppl...
#Autocorrect just changed girl to Giuliani. The rational escapes me...
Ahh, I know! I'm pretty good, how are you?
eating on duty *laugh out loud*
- I am surviving today
#Oakwilt, one of the most destructive tree diseases in the United States, is killing oak #trees in #centralTexas at epidemic proportions.
Connecticut Sun Partners With Goodwin College
of course I still love Alma!!! I'll email you some of my thoughts later this morning.
Thanks for the follow! If you ever have need of a speaker on American Religious History, let me know!
Maybe Claire Taylor would be available to take over the captaincy from Strauss
When are prime tweeting hours? I have something I want everyone to see <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I'm so lazzy , this needs to stopp !
Guess what?! I just had my first pee as a 16-year-old! Thought you guys should know...
They watched the famous Balinese Room, a live music venue and nightclub, get washed away.
It's Keegan Duffner. Get it right man.
yes, she was classified with autism and hyperlexia.
To the girl who is standing up at the front of the accounting class: Sit down. Now.
Great time playing the neighborhood block party last night. Need a band for yours?
Sometimes I wonder about memories. I mean, if I keep stealing them from people will they remember?
good for you!
Sure! What's up?
" #SIRI " for #iPhone is like freakin #iRobot ! smh we all no where that ends......
My current WIP has surpassed 57,000 words and still rising!
Another spoiler, katniss was really a dude
American Reunion = so funny!!
What’s Up with Bloggers?
Jamming " Inner City Blues" by Marvin Gaye. One of my favorite songs
music and voice is amazing. When ever I'm on YouTube and i wanna listen to something and its you. ~from Liz S. Your Awesome
That was Brad's pitch. It will be refreshing to see a Pirates pitcher have a clue at the plate for once. When's last time they had that?
-- forget maryland; come to manhattan nr. wall street
Indicators of leaving a bad message: Abrupt changes in vocal pitch, use of vague & poorlyExecuted "British" accent when nervous.
Dammit, is so good.
This kinda shit is WHY you're my favorite!<3
'Amazing Spider-Man': Denis Leary dazzled by 'real thing' Emma Stone - Los Angeles Times
Walker doesn't have a problem with facts. Walker doesn't shade the truth. Walker doesn't paint rosy scenarios. He lies to save himself.
Activity at #marac #infolit workshop: adapting standards to
RT RT : Getting my flight arrangements together for the conference. *does happy dance*
she's awesome, isn't she?!
warm and dry enough in the studio for you? I'm considering getting one of those hats with an umbrella attached
it was very nice working on rock of ages as background hope to follow you down in Miami. Frenchi
working this weekend on some big projects... How about you?
he was helping me make tape wallets... lol
ooVoo with Kelly
I'm thinking 8 is gametime here I am tuning in at halftime damn!
There's a first time for everything. Let's go Rangers!!
I should clean my white vans....
R u a selfish lover or more of a giver?
hates tina hunter's emails.
Kids mom has a point.
Our microbrews selection is growing, we're on the look out for the midwest's hottest micro breweries. Send us your favorites.
i can die now rebirth , hop up in my spaceship and leave earth <3
little of both :)
Great time last night!
you make me laugh so much its unreal (((: i love you<3
You deliberately disobeyed me.
"I was in love, love. As much as I could be at 17."
this is so true!
Offensively perhaps. Defensively, Dwight does a lot of the little things better than Andrew
you are not allowed to move my stuff.
You learn to live like an animal in the Jungle where we play.
thanks for not taking ur drink in my car lol!(:
Don't wink at me if u r some straight mtf. U are confusin me >.<
thanks for the follow!
Who is coming in for $2 Dollar Tuesday? <U+263A>
I think my subjects are just naturally small -- rooms, people, words. perhaps this will keep me relatively unproduced.
You're good!
impossible. A pipe dream. We all pay.
my phone I died hold up I need to go charge it hold on
#aintnohalfstepn out now
Northland. We're on the bus to Chicago. Roadtripping son!! All night across Missouri and Illinois.
Just caught someone in a massive lie. Ive known its been going on but CAUGHT. damn some people amaze me.
Episode 3 is under pre-production!!!
Three tenets of leadership via 1. are you doing something that matters
There is one more hour left to vote. Will u help? Call 1-855-843-9302. Its that simple. Call as many times u can.
of course! I like your tweets
Oh yea rotation was updated today, check the request box 4 ur song(s). If u didn't make it, send more 4 me tp choose.
Don, why would you let her inside???
#Twitter rules Facebook
who the fuck do you think you are?
I fight to live and live to fight
Except Keynote. Travis.
What did Ringo Starr say after sleeping with twins? "I've got sisters on my fingers!"
As of course this song flagrantly mis-uses the word. Worst offender 'ten thousands spoons when all you need is a knife'.
#nowsmoking OpusX Belicoso X to wind down after a fantastic day at Signature Cigars. Thanks to all of our loyal patrons!
Who's excited for Restaurant Week in Vegas? Great prix fix meals & benefits Which looks best to you?
My boyfriend fell asleep on me , like always ! -__-
Outta school early.!
Since summer went by so fast I hope school goes by just as fast! :)
944's march spring fashion issue comes out TODAY and it is stunning!! pick it up all over town! kiss the baby!
Congrats giants! Great game down to the last play!!
Whats done in the darkness will most certainly come to light.
hahahah...oh snap. technology...
Is that good news what I think it is? 'Cause I got some too about that time.
And that's what it's all about. GREAT read!
4 hour flight and no content strategy.
Thanks for visiting The Lube!
We're in Baltimore at the ACC show. We'll let you know what we find!
You rock! RT : Days when my job is AWESOME! Helping out with their showing of Ichi this weekend! HOO HAH!
Funny when ppl come up too me an say, alotta ppl aint fukking witcha lil bae an I say "u think I give a Shxt"! #gtfoh hahahah
RT : "Lets fix a marketing problem - stop calling it "JavaScript", and call it "js" - at
Trying to complete the hardest puzzle ever! All the pieces are basically the same color!
you're late
": It's ironic how people don't see how stupid they look in their mirror pictures."
agreed! He's probably holding a Walkman with a Nirvana mix-tape
RT 68% of people discard their sunglasses each year for a more on-trend style. If you’re one of them, donate to Shade Aid!
Yep! Me and
go outside and cook the sickness away! Lol
one more week of pure happiness, then 8th grade o.O
the director of my department called me a gem. it's nice to feel appreciated. <3
Five Finger Death Punch/Filter show tomorrow!!!! I can't wait!!!
ha! RT : A4. In physical or mental reality?
please visit me in florida<3
I think the category is "First World Problems" for $1000 Alex.
Argh, it is Dayton Duncan, professional Friend-of-Ken-Burns.
You'll give up nothing to live your personal values at work. The same can't be said about choosing not to.
Can't say I have. Will have to look out for it.
Yes! us ! Really cute kids just dropped off socks a few minutes ago!
Random IHEC Blog SPAM: "precisely what do I really do? Exactly what do I only say? A bit gem could be drastically treasured."
I do not want to go to Mount Everest College. I just want to know who the father is.
RT : Excellent call this afternoon. Great to hear how we truly live our mission of Excellence, Service & Compliance
- Princess James should try to play hockey since they have no 4th quarter!
can't tell my family cuz they will start borrowing, they never read my tweets! Lol, but they read fb! Lol
The pictures on instagram today >>
Way to tired right now
Bathe in the coffee-rain!!
Links with maximum juice and minimum risk - no shortcuts - use research, tools, and link conversion request rates.
im a major the sims 3 fan, well the sims period, follow me !!!
Things hurt me now. My knees hurt, my back hurts. But your head still thinks it's twenty-three. ~ George Clooney
Bella Swan ’s Carolina Herrera Wedding Dress To Be Reproduced Kate Middleton's Wedding may have been the most anticipated day of the ye
i've been ready since 1990 and i was born in 94
Hi Danette, thanks for the RT. What's today's goal?
GOODMORNING!(: getting tickets to see u in new York today. Yes<333333
Salt. Salt.
Seems you don't understand lineup construction. Who bats behind a player is nearly as important as who is batting. See Votto, Joey
We have a lot of shady people in the class of '10. Big ol' shade trees.
There Good at the end of this rainbow you will will always work and have some who needs you and the love of business Rt crying baby
it's a BIG ASS slap in the face...
I LOVE SKINNIES!
RT : You should be proud if you ever make it to an #Aquarian's heart. They hardly let anyone in there
Q for y'all today: are there apps or mobile sites serving rectified maps? I've never seen one on my phone, but maybe you have.
You tweet, we discuss. Listen to Blunt Talk Radio today at 11am on kcrlive.com! Topic of discussion: Changing #GetBlunted and call in!
Get with it twitter!!
well you not gon get it back bitch
RT Obama need to worry about the state of our country before he analyzes the NCAA tournament
call me mean it wont make you nice
gotcha, no worries. you guys rocked it with awesome support and communication through the crisis
Come see us today at from 11am - 3pm! We've got a demo for y'all! Tell us what you think! We love pictures!
sounds good to me
Doe Is What I Got Lil Mama!!
": When somebody says you've changed, it's only because you stopped living your life their way."
I love Facebook and Twitter. I used to have to go around offending one person at a time. Now I can hit everyone at once. Such a timesaver.
Nothing, Thank you for comment my video!!!!
I'm coming over Saturday && spending the night :) and your mama can bring me home Sunday? Cause my mom won't be able too?
Writing should be somewhere in that cycle...
cool! I wish I had chickens
depends on whether you need to be sensible the rest of the day / nite. if no, scotch. if yes, cabernet.
Those knuckle-dragging flat earthers love them some Insanetorum.
I thought this up! MT Thinking Highland Brawl for your name -- like the deserted zombie movie set Highland Mall?
If your loyal to me I'll make sure theirs money in your pocket at all times .
every morning favorite of mine! Xo
RT : Just made my reservation for the 16th on
RT Good morning to all the dirty bitches having a baby shower
you say #neversaynever but your never going to read this :/ and you will never even know i exists :'(
I don't know what the acceptable number of Nerf guns in a 23 year old females bedroom is, but I'm pretty sure I exceed it
knock em dead buddy.
Back from the movies with Gage!!!:)
ABUSING tax-payer-funded Armed Forces Radio Authority & Delivery for Dividing Our Troops is WRONG. Eject Limbaugh NOW
OUT IN MAY 2012: THE POLITICS OF EDUCATION REFORM IN THE MIDDLE EAST - Self and Other in Textbooks and Curricula
That awkward moment when a local band you thought was a Christian band cusses you out <
it depends on the home.
Hope all of you guys have a great day ! :)
of all; they are proud of themselves
Ash Wednesday let it burn
awesome!! Can you hold it for me tomorrow?
Diggin the day
Which mobile do you like?
Mike Wallace RIP
Ugh I want my update.
These mf say they support george zimmerman bc he killed a thug, this shootin range should be out of bizness, stupid shit like dat
Wonders if he missed a memo saying it was 'drive-10mph-less-than-the-speed-limit' day.
Lansing, where's the place to be?
toning the buns for beach season
I love that song, you know great music.
i hope so
I want people to notice me, but you keep closing the doors to the world.
That's why I made that rule. Without The Motion Picture, Khan wouldn't have been made. Maybe I should account for TV shows too?
RT : No homework for the next couple days: quick trip to and then to #TheMont done and done.
RT : Congratulations to all of the #MiraAwards winners, including and ! Indy is lucky to have you guys.
False confidence is worth nothing because deep inside your insecurities eat you alive <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Always liked the way you think, Laz :)
I've had Brooklyn Zoo by ODB stuck in my head for the longest time
SharePoint gives users the control of functionality on a site. IT no longer needs to be in control of design.
… Fuck outta here *New York Voice*
that would make me fall asleep. ;)
Being up almost a whole hour early<<<<<<
hey girl
you got it!
Full moon tonight!
hey lady! :) just thought bout ya...wanted to say hi! How r u?
Just added some bourbon to my Emergen-C. That's like double immunity, right?
I think John Stark was reincarnated...
To paraphrase those old NY Mag bus ads: For God's Sake Don't Make It A Netflix Night. 8pm!
I cant wait to see my friends on Memorial Day weekend!
pLAY THE GAME, aLSO STILL waiting for you to accept me Fr on x-fire.
Off to pick up Samantha's ashes from the vet, then to see my Gram in the hospital. What a morbid day...
hope he feels better soon!!
Is this a real tweeter?
It's a new day DD. Go finesse around that dance floor like it was a Viking cornerback
Off to the Pacific Northwest!
let it rain, let it rain, let it rain <3
Thx for passing along the fix!
*out of bounds*
What does it mean when they toss their sneakers up and onto the power lines?
Uh oh! is on twitter now!
Dear Bambi... I am informing you of the fun filled family summer camping trip
My pleasure. Thanks for following along.
Ready When You Are(TM) marketers are so jealous! Bankers don't have scooters.
Had to log into the company twitter real quick :p
I am surprised too! Glad u were able to enjoy it though. I gotta find a time to go! My new hang out place.
what!?! That's a bad choice man. You might actually seem cooler blowing it off though. Crazy, but cooler.
LOLZ doesn't even live in District 22, We release him to go wherever he wants, just get him outa here.
Hearing lots of chatter going on between Hornets & Blazers. CP3 to PDX?
2012 NBA Playoffs ... Taking the Spurs over the Heat to win it all.
I'll be there later if we can go to your room, idk about everybody else
Rough start. Solo parenting scorecard: 0/1
Good shower((:
So true. However, some peeps will rain on your parade. You do marketing right?
I'm so late but can't everyone do that? So it's not special :c
Oh come on, follow me you wimp.
The signed agreement will not be filed with the court, in order to keep it completely confidential
that was very dissonant. 6 screens. kids playing wii. random person stripping. serious ux talk. whew.
Chen Guangcheng: A perfect example of the failure of national media to explain WHY we should care about a story.
I hear that. Story of my life. So much weighting in my school.
lmao if you are that done then you will come back to me in an hour so I'm good <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Don't expect me to treat you like an adult if you're not going to act like one.
my claim 2 fame is that I have watched CNN every day since 1981. But, yes, MSNBC and HLN too. As u can imagine, I block Faux News
Pierre can tell us each farm the horses grew up in RT We need Mike Emrick to come in for the "and down the stretch" part
#JustGetOverIt not all companies are out to hurt you, look at us all we want to do is help.
I think I want me a little boo thang. Nothing less, nothing more.
Publix pays my bills :)
haha, a party with no clean up? a party with appreciation? It just can't get much better (:
Happy Easter and Passover from your friends !
your welcome
Now that I'm a big star I hope people will understand I don't want to be bothered in public. Just give me a gift and move on....
Oranges are hitting the pitch. Hopefully my sore muscles loosen up quickly (that's what I get for a big weight room day after weeks of nada)
"I am at two with Nature."
We're glad to have you!
This time he blogged sympathetic and consoling
Gonna just pretend song only one is about me
is still a little young for that...
"No one cares about your Twitter." -Nothing Personal. That explains a few things. <.<
You have a flower board on pinterest?Who repins flowers?.. Like ooh that's a cool flower! What? Sorry, I'm never following you
Queen - News of the world album cover = Nightmares for babies. Genius!
thanks, you guys are awesome!
Vibrate ding ding ding vibrate ding vibrate vibrate… I own too many devices that are hooked up to Twitter
I don't believe in peer pressure
#ff , because every time I wear my Eau d'Italie cologne, my husband says "Positano!" and smiles.
Do these jeans make me look like ive given up
How come every girl that follows me on here has a link to her webcam on her profile?
Happy Monday! Who made it out to a Twins game this weekend??
Andrea Emerson did a great job presenting on copywriting to SMPS Indiana yesterday.
I follow my dreams...so you should too!
thats no good
more then welcome to. I Just wanted you to make sure you knew how much of a trashy slut you were. Goodnight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Such a chill night, once again.
Enjoy seeing women of all ages learn the moves and get a great workout! Everyone is drenched.
Oh god. Everyone in this H&M is April Ludgate. Not in a good way.
I'm all for hunting & fishing when you make use of what you kill. Hunting for sport doesnt really seem right to me.
hey what the sermon on this week
Wanderlust... distant though loved people & places beckoning to me through my foggy insomnia tonight. NYC, Seattle, Monterey, The FL Keys, C
Really?! This should be interesting.....
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that complains about everything
reading MLK's "Transformed Nonconformist" for Virtual Worlds today. Good stuff.
Digging in to some #Tbird biz plans... Good luck to the teams; I'm a mean judge.
boy who are you ? Just stop <U+E40E> yu gettin on my nerves . You DO NOT kno me
get at me for a video or a photoshoot
#Status: If you want it badly enough, there are no limits on what you can achieve.- Brian Tracy
Former Beatle Paul McCartney says he is planning to contact police over allegations that his voicemails were intercepted.
damn i am so tired shouldn't have went to bed late
Well, in two sessions I've "mitigated" 5" of snow. Settling down with a cocktail before dinner--and then the trashy flicks!
Moving in 3 weeks. Of course, it's been dragging on for so long I could have mastered the art of French cooking by now.
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome. -Michael Jordan
When anyone refuses to be competitive, petty, self-serving, self-indulgent, narcissistic, or hierarchical, it shakes up the world."
#fa435 had a really hard time with this chpt. The relationship between artist and viewer is skewed? pls help.
let us know if we can help with anything!
NEWS FLASH: "Before" is spelled B-E-F-O-R-E, not B4...this is English, not Bingo.
Find us on #Foursquare and unlock our special :) #Paradise Valley Mall
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe how to be strong even when your world is falling apart
ah, misunderstood.
On the iPod Touch, RedEye's macro functionality comes into play, with an all down button that rolls down all the windows and opens the top
next time don't take pics of david lmao jk
SO WE ARE PLAYING IN JANUARY TO GET ON THE BAMBOOZLE FESTIVAL WISH US LUCK<3
O gettin sauced tonight huh??
Looking 4 a way to unwind after Rangers 3 OT win? How about LAA Jared Weaver 4 outs from no-hitting Twins! Happening now!
The A's sign Manny Ramirez, which proves that Jonah Hill is ACTUALLY running their team now.
what can I say. I'm guilty :)
On the road again...
too bad you arent here to enjoy it to hm
On set of Yakult Japanese Commercial, playing a waitress of all things... Shouldn't be hard since I have 10 years experience being a server!
Someone will always be thrilled to tell your client how much your design sucks. Be nice to the guy who came before you.
Singled out and the better fight seem to be the only ones i care about
Last Thanksgiving, no one outside the band and our close friends even knew who we were.
Don't hit on someone who could pass as being your daughter -____- ewww skeezy old men. Theyll never learn.
Hop over to our Facebook page for a giveaway! www.facebook.com/buckyslockerroom
if a girl don't like drake music nobody will ever really truly love her
#COE2012 Ready for "The Tech Equation?" Looking forward to speaking with you at tomorrow's General Session. No math skills required :)
That's what I meant!!
Ok, I'm just gonna take a LONG break from twitter. I don't know when I will be back but it's not like anyone would care or miss me...
off the Mat ,come on Rus
REMINDER**** Someone that follows us will win a Shirt or Hat today from good luck
Asking a question you already know , just to see if that person would lie
A: As a former online student, make the course engaging. I'm less likely to focus on "busy work."
aw thank you!
Thanks Chris
ethosIQ is seeking qualified Pashto linguists to support translation and interpretation requirements for U.S Army. 281-616-5711 for info.
Finished next album! Heading back to studio to mix and master next week. More details to come... #HappyFriday!
I was accepted to Longwood's CSD program for Speech Language Pathology - Class of 2014!
I am sleepy!
Also fascinated by these Chechen emo kids, "identified by wearing pink and black clothing, Keds, and having punk-style haircuts."
Are you at #ALA11? Stop by and visit Bearport at booth 1154!
Anyone else think that the bass groove from Hall & Oates "I Can't Go For That (No Can Do)" is totally just a rip-off of Funkytown?
it sounds so good
no just come with me lol haha. have a good one
forreal what are they??
You know what's also yummy? Your face.
Are you guys getting ready or what?! Who wants a complimentary ride for 16 of their friends?
"spencer reid as the 4th doctor" and then i disintegrated
Oh snap 4 of my fav cousins are on twitter
It's National Weed Day , and I Don't Smoke Weed !
I love it. #bestrunningtime RT : Early eve weekdays, early morn wekends
ooh you're having so much fun! Can I be you??:)) Enjoy!
ughh fine. I'm marking it down as a "maybe attending" right now
Nick Young is still my boy.
Agree. SM should drive to a desired outcome. Ideally: conversion into product/community.
I've been asked to be THEE AMBASSADOR OF AFRICA AS ONE (AAO)! Wata you think guys? Should I?
Helping Others During this Down Economy!!!
I've been eyeing that. I take that it's a good read?
Love & props to BWI Airport's Silver Diner having healthy options! About to have a veggie egg beater omelet w/ strawberries!
#ThatOnePersonWho can make you smile, no matter what mood your in...
In chi town
How do we address Ron Artest? Mr. Peace? Mr. World Peace? Mr. M.W. Peace?
I Cant Make You Love Me.
hey I love how fights the bigger markets I wish he would get the tribe
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Crest Infant Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
You know you went to bed too late and got up too early when you can still see your last tweet without too much scrolling.
what you doing? x
Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
#sometimesigetsickof people being liars fake as hell and back stabbers
Did you know that adults benefit just as much from a brief time out each day as children do? Go put yourself in time out!
as a philosopher are you a dualist or a materialist?
The key is to not be so emotionally invested in the Browns. Enjoy the freakshow.
Words I cannot spell with spellcheck: protagonist and antagonist. No idea why I can't, just can't.
Make content findable and linkable and searchable and discoverable – not just by google.
I'm ready to wrap up this project and present an impeccable piece of work that I'm pleased with, so with that being said, turn in verses : )
Legit! RT : ill support it! I fuckin love !!Lol
it must be so amazing and fun to tour with definitely a goal of mine haha (:
Come on lets stay on top!
I wasn't at dinner, but I'm a Virgo in the hooousse!!
What up #Fam gorgeous day out ya?
It could be worse, I could resort to being on 'Excused', the worst dating show hands down. I'm stupefied.
Chicago #SisterCities gets a huge shoutout from Mary Jeffers for its work in linking ALL its sister cities collectively.
I hate bad weather!! :(
RT : Many Indians & Americans want 2 engage a Pakistan that they wished exists not the Pakistan that exists.That won't work.
Interesting! However, if you use the internet, does that mean you know how to find credible/effective info?
I don't think so! Hope not, anyway :) Otherwise, it sounds like you've had a lovely AM - at least your coffee was perfect!
excited for you!!!!!
FALL IS FOR PLANTING
Yes, spend more time with good friends of both sexes. And we can't overlook making our marriages more balanced.
My 1000th tweet goes out to ! He on a roll with #EverythingsKosher n his tweets is real Af. Love my bess friend!
yes he is. Was sleeping with our receptionist for years, while married. Loser.
OMG I just love you!!!!
yes. and life in general. :)
Happy mothers day mommy <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>.
literally all I'm doing today is learning javascript
and he loves to play catch
why thank you Corey! wish you could be out here!!! maybe one day? : )
Thank you, Lindsay! I hope you like it.
US Bank is partnering with #lifevineworks for our first annual scholarship brunch on 4/28!
In Memory of Anthony Dominguez :( You will be missed.
Wouldn't it be great it all politicians made New Year's resolutions to be honest & help the people, not the special interests?? > Yes Please
Wish I landed in time to watch my boys Kottaras and Wolf play today. We'll start the BigBig Contests again next home stand!
today is Daily WOD Rest Day Paleo Burger Patties - Seaside Kitchen CrossFit WOD
can you just be my friend? :-D
Leaders think and talk about the solutions. Followers think and talk about the problems." -Brian Tracy
It's not that some people have willpower and some don't. It's that some people are ready to change and others are not. ~ James Gordon
green run clubhouse
can't wait for The Wine Games at #tasteofdc ! So Excited!!
Twitter integrated into iOS5....nice
.. chillax .. when they have free timr they will ask u out to hang around w them ((: whatyadoing ? :D
my throat's sore, I cant talk. I can't breathe. I want to go home and sleep my fucking life away and hope this is only a nightmare.
Let's not forget to mention 's Strong and Toned Shoulders!!
Oh K-Dro, what are we gonna do with you??
Well time to cheer for OSU my only chance of winning was unc
#IfYouReallyLikedMe you would have understood why I chose xbox over you ;)
There are monsters under your bed and there is nothing you can do about it. So don't go home, instead come to a show
Here at work and the manager isn't even here yet<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Ive seen Phil Robertson preach in person before and he's one of the best preachers I've ever listened to.
Crepes on the Corner for brunch. Riding bikes to the museums this afternoon. With
Lol this day is making me laugh too much. I just can't.
thanks for the RT!
Thank u so much for the bounty of gorgeous & wonderful plants & seeds for Girard! We can't wait to send pics soon
If I agreed with you we’d both be wrong. -_-
What a coward....LOL!!
Watching some lost, I'm still in love with jack
Welcome to the page Tracy, Rae and Kevin., hope everyone can make the show at stadium grill Friday the 16th!
~But Wii Sure Make Itz Feel Like Were Together Cuz Were Scared To See EachOther With SomeBody Else. #Drake..!
def prefer colored lights!
Starting a LAHEY chant every time blacks out.
Running the marathon, half marathon, relay, or Urban 10-miler? Yes, you MUST come to Expo at Mile High! NO race day Packet Pick-Up.
Printing in the lab today, and thinking about people I can cozy next.
Just learned about the pound sign
Brewers are back, a new Brady baby is on the way, so exciting!
Prepare for the worst and the best will happen.
That's fantastic.
Fall registration for undergraduate students will be closed from May 25th through July 31st.
The felt tip pen was invented by the American C.I.A. in an attempt to make a poison pen.
Good news, almost 100% it was food poisoning, feel like I have been beaten up & left for dead! Happiness is food poisoning in-lieu of flu!!
RT this and I'll love you forever. Bring1DtoB96
Thanks, nice to meet you too! Let's connect - sounds like a plan. Lmk when is good.
Looking at my bank account online on Payday >>>>
Let's have a toast for the ass holes !
"When storms hit, don't look around for explanations, excuses or blame - look for the face of Jesus;"
Down day
Help a house museum out! I want to engage the ghost tour guides who stop by our site each night. Creatively. Openly. How?
Had an intense workout today
It belongs to #BU RT Hey #BostonCollege students... Shouldn't we have a "Where's your Beanpot" chant by now?
Hooray! The sun is shining, the birds are singing, and today I get to do my civic duty and vote to choose the governor's rival!
is one of the funnest ppl I know right now
Kicking off Beer Week in San Diego... the impact on our local economy... watch tonight at 10pm on San Diego 6 News.
Jucos are a great resource for talent and wins. Also, so many are hungry for the chance. Pierre Jackson
My new favorite summarizing statement: "What I mean in grandparent is..."
Texting is more fun. MY favorite was when we texted OMGSTFU at exactly the same time.
Not many people will tell you this but there is a BIG difference between Christianity and following God.
I've been a geek my whole life. All these girls who like Dr. Who and "indie" comics fans need to stop calling me a nerd.
Been thinking of you and your life saving blog almost one year ago. On the road at a conf, will email soon.
bro you talking like they didn't have the 5th best record. You can't talk like Durant come through every game.
Hey hey hey....Follow if you aren't already she is pretty cool and writes a really good iconic boyz story.
Ha! We had a lot of fun-I suggest the Doug and Melissa kit-pretty simple. (and made for 5+! --that's why my mom chose it)
Tweet ya later see ya
Tonight, we bask in the "super moon."
I love watching , awesome battle rounds!!! I'm 1-4 tonight so far, you don't know what will happen!
goodmorning, again(: cause I said good morning like an hour ago! Favorite this please?! Thanks boo. (;
you bring yourself ill bring the mistletoe <U+2665> 25days of christmas by the band perry! <U+2665> :)
It *breaks* my heart how much blame she has put on herself. I left an essay length comment :-/
Cancer too that's crazy
Playing at Bora Bora tomorrow night! everyone should make it out!!!
what is your opinion of Michael Saunders hitting 2nd in the lineup?
"It was the walk of a dead man."
Dinner at The Forge
Whatup man, been awhile. how goes it?
the wall was the only thing he hit with that bat all night
I think some people over react. A lot.
San Francisco Bay Area ;)
I never realized how aggressive I was while eating twizzlers
RT : It is better to look ahead & prepare than to look back & regret. -Jackie Joyner-Kersee
Tornado's hitting Dallas.God Bless them.
whats your email?
that's what's up, really hott get at me.
Please follow me and ! I made that video response for u. U rock Christina
Would really love for someone to send me an iPad for review. Or to just keep. ;)
Good luck to fellow Heel with AD discussions at Minnesota.
Jefferson-Houston School filed final application to become International Baccalaureate Primary Years Program World School.
#IDontNeedAnyone who doesn't want me for who I am.
Ahh I could really use a drink right now yal
Being woken up by the one you love.
People eager to see what they wanna see I guess and super eager for queer people to come out in ways that society dictates.
i play football anyway
Can't shake the feeling that when I connect to the network from home via Citrix that "the man" is watching my every move...
Thank you for the RT! :)
Thanks to everyone who helped make the 2011 WI Beer Lovers Festival an overwhelming success....already can't wait for 2012s!
I'll supply the egg nog at a minimum :-)
shocked to see that only has a few more than 3,000 followers. he doesn't post often, but still? look at his recognition ht…
Movie night at Scot's house...woot!
Just got the word...back in Jackson, MS Monday. Gonna find out what is next for Mayor Davis.
#ThatOnePersonWho makes me wanna scream, "FUCK YOU!!!" and rip off their head.
your not. it's Katie. everybody gets on her nerves.
I prefer juice boxes
Please Justin answered one of my Tweets that I command you with as much care and love!! # Please follow me and Believe!Love u.
I know some spanish!:D Want some help? ;)
i wanna be well known like austin im a unsigned artist
I'm a total shit head...HAPPY HALF BIRTHDAY (2days late) LOVE YOU!!!
Yard work with the Gradylady. Meeting with architect. Dinner with Nan. Massage. One seriously awesome day.
Great pre-brunch barre class at got the blood flowing and put some color back in my cheeks.
Yes its 3 am and I want to reiterate this.... I. Met. Cactus. Tonight. Yes!!!!!!!! #dopeoplestillhashtagwinning? If so...
Bad girls club <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
If vikes were 1 player away, i wouldnt trade. but they have a whole bevy of problems. more picks the better IMO
its little Jenna. U must be so sad now. We promise to take good care of Alli back here in the states. Wish u would visit soon.
FASFA and Bright Futures... thank you for sending confusing emails.
NBA lottery party may sound like the saddest thing in the world. I'm still debating it.
What is your credit union doing to engage members to promote your brand?
Stay safe, east coasters!
I love this. A confessional with disjointed film bits. Artsy. Somewhere David Lynch is cringing.
I want to dance with everyone, everywhere but here.
Are u in Vegas this week too? Scheduling private coaching & consultations while here. Email or call Kyle's cell
Well put, Will! ": When [North Carolina] closes a door, somewhere [Obama] opens a window."
im going with my younger sister and her friend to 's valentines concert cuz none of my friends like austin lol they be stooopid
An overcast, drab day. Time to stay home and clean up my house.
Thanks Debra from A Magickal Moon for reading our tea leaves last night.
More customers for your #autoglass #windshield #business at www.listyourshop.com
Lol If You Not Have A Convo With Me, If You Are GoodNight :-)
I can't stress this tip enough. Exfoliate, after you wax! If not, you're in for a bumpy ride!
Awesome! I'm a big man on basic cable.
N. Gwinnett High School 5th Annual Relay for Life ART Auction! 3/22, the Commons, 6-7pm. 400 works to bid on! Support the NGHS RELAY team!!
how late is ki open on sunday
nothing :P
What happens when the pigeon meets the Stinky Cheese Man? Hilarity, of course.
lols i get it well you know i kinda understand where vinny is coming from
Are they better than pop tarts?
He looks just like you.
Bored as hell, happy that BU Girls hockey team got the win.
haha always RT : Hey Monica am I your favorite creeper??
And yes, I do know who Eddie Van Halen is
Hahahahaha. Bulls miss 4 free throws in a row to ice it. NY ties on a tree.
This girl swears she's fine! Lol
San Ysidro point of entry closed to northbound traffic due to accident. Cars rerouted to Otay Mesa. SBX wide open.
#fooddallergy For me looking back at how Cs bum would be raw & blistered from FAs b4 I knew anything abt FAs!
You gotta know when to fold clothes, know when to load them, know when to use Tide Bleach, know which colors run...
Thank you James. Have a great day!!
That moment you look like an idiot when you gas a car full throttle in park, because your stiletto got stuck on the floor board. Awesome.
I bought them already guuuurl;)
had a really great weekend, unfortunately it's back to work tomorrow...
preach it! You can be a fan of however many fandoms you want!
Anyway those were just my random thoughts on baseball
Now Hear This: NEW: #SECURITY CASES FOR YOUR #AUDIOBOOKS ON CD. CALL TODAY & ORDER! 800-240-1850 You asked we listened.
What a tease ! When is Naperville opening??
Hey this is Jorn Bates - VP of the executive committee - I'm the one that manages the PHX MDA account - Sorry I missed hanging
Move around wit all them fcking excuses !
The snow came, the snow went. blink and you missed it. Pretty much sums up this winter here in D.C.
Just got finished with my last final which means IT'S SUMMER!!!! What's even better is that its my f*cking birthday
Nope they haven't. Ashley left the group unexpectedly and Melissa and Diana are doing other stuff. Diana auditioned for the X Factor.
It sounds funny. Can't wait!
So what do children wear when it's not cold enough for a big coat but too cold to go without? Every kid needs a sweat jacket
just as i mention that there'll be another caution before the end - couple of cars spin and I see the yellow atop the TV...
Our winner is ! Congrats the answer was found on the website !!!!
Cuz y are people so damn slow
your work is lovely, especially "October" that's an absolutely stunning photo.
I hope my husband forgives me for the fact that his Valentine's Day gift is late. Considering that it's an Xbox, I think he will :)
Congrats to the Class of 2012...have fun at your commencement tomorrow. Bring a flask. Kidding. Not really.
moved away fr st. louis n january. livin close 2 iowa. love the new found freedom. dont have memories of being sick so i love my new house
I didn't even know there was a massive storm!? Jeez I hope everything is alright now that sounded bad.
I just came in my shorts RT : !!!! RT : Bout to be on #Yourgirldoesparty mixtape ;D
Perry is weird as hell .. field trips to Eat n Park, a boat on the river, and Kennywood.. WHAT
Off to the Nationals game with the first Reds fan I have ever met.
To my fellow Washingtonians: Groupon has a discounted membership to the Newseum today, which includes unlimited admission for a year!!
I'm glad i looked up DeadMau5 a month ago! They are amazing! <3
#Newroz tan piroz bet! thinkin' about our #Kurdish brothers & sisters today (and celebrating with them!)
"I can be the nicest person you'll ever know, but I can also be the b*tch you'll always hate. It all depends on how you treat me"
RT : Great to see you as well! See you at the MDSG meeting next week? --> see you there!
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear Twitter is shutting down
Happy vererans day to all those people who have sacrificed. Missing my most favorite veteran of all today and everyday. Love you Pappy.
you are absolutely right!..parents dictate their childs view..and hatred and intolorence and incredible things to teach..
Looking for session 102--celebrating Studs Terkel? We're at National Louis Univ, 122 S. Michigan Ave, library auditorium, 5 floor
there is literally no difference between him and your parents forwarding you annoying "this is cute!!!!" e-mails
lol it was an accident !
Scot Copeland: "the fact that people can't be put into those categories is promising"
Just sent out emails for this job...fingers crossed!
Good night. OkC swept Dallas, and Mayweather silenced the haters... I'm mad he ain't come out with a sombrero though lol
don't forget to take full advantage of Horrock's free samples. I remember when that place was little more than a produce stand.
the only question is where to galivant... inside.
Likewise. RT : +1 RT : You know, I may be in the minority here, but I LOVE IndyCar 2012. It feels like a SPORT.
Awesome! What was the context?
ThMorUKno:Protestant Reformrs ddnt like Revelation:Luther wanted 2 toss it n th Elbe;Zwingli said<U+2260>scriptural status;Calvin mostly ignored.
Can anyone help me out with a good spanish dictionary for Thursday?
on caton farm in front of clublands
I know, really gross tweet but its so funny!!!
A single dream is more powerful than a thousand realities.
Today we are paying respects to my father, Philip. Peace.
Wow, so I went to look at the clock on the stove, and it said 11:25.. I though it said 1:25 so here I was thinking this day is going fast !
91 year old Clarence Vogl did not want medical help. His family said he was not of sound mind and wanted him evaluated.
CONGRATULATIONS to you, Alison & Veda on the arrival of Owen Flynn.
Hey, I've been meaning to email you back! I'm just waiting for the new tees to come in!
Please let this day be over soon.
5 live shots in the rain = soaked! What a way to start the work week!!
": America’s the only country where people need energy drinks to sit at a computer." So true! Why? Why? Why?
Where the hell is my Eco professor? I'm ready to get this final over with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
nay you say this sir
I'm in and I don't want out.
thanks! Finally getting fit again! Thanks for your inspiration :) xoxo
Up and ready for this workout. Let's go!
going out enjoy the day. !!!!!! gorgeous out. lets enjoy what we have/want:join www.coalitiontosaveamerica.com.. look forward to chatting!
I miss my zionbf
Nice. I promise to send you pics of mine in a few months. :D
Finally on my way home after a hectic day . I'm upset .
Sounds like it!
The problem is worse right now because the Reebok contract is ended Jan 1 so authentic jerseys are hard to come by.
#BE INSPIRED!
My mom is so rude sometimes
My new quintet album, NUMBER FIVE, will be released on May 22, 2012!
New clinic space ready for the move in this weekend. Grab your packing boxes Shriners Hospital is on the move!
Swine flu sparks panic epidemic. Rider on a white horse spotted with three friends. I think all these headlines are making me sick...
write good music
hahah--Thanks mang, glad you liked it! =)
And with that, Clay Buchholz and his terrible-awful-no-good-very-bad day are off the hook…Middlebrooks in line for the W
I already am boo
We're definitely looking forward to the keynote too! We know it's still early, but have you made any travel arrangements yet?
Hahahah I mean the second he even looks at the floor I'm like, thanks for class bye!
do it!
Thank you, as always, Rei!! :) Have a marvelous #MM !! \m/ hope you had a terrific Thanksgiving.
Preeclampsia Awareness Month Marked By Preeclampsia Foundation Promise Walks in 36 Cities
No one remembers a playoff team unless they earn a ring. Go NE
why are you mad at me
I didnt even say anything! I just liked the comments.
I know that everyone hates Chauby but personally, I have so much respect for her coming to talk to us. This is hard for everyone.
It's a day! First Men In Black and now Independence Day :)
I'm also really bummed that they're starting the whole spiderman series over. I liked Toby McGuire as spiderman. DAMN
Good to know.
Great advice on the 460 route to VA Beach...watch your speed through the small towns, however.
Congrats on the #jbfa award! Well deserved!
#RomneyPickUpLines: Your hair is really long.
Blonde boys > any another boy
I wish babe would hurrryup :/
true story.
Energy drinks start to destroy teenagers' teeth after only five days - Daily Mail
I usually show them NO respect... This game will teach me not to root for them at all... Hold on Boilers!
feelin better...so STOKED that my girl won swimsuit last night during Miss NC prelims!
news flash: he's never been good outside of 5 feet from the hoop. he's useless on anything that requires mobility and activity.
We wanted you to come meet us at Post last night sucka. needs to use his words.
Trevor Stone, excellent talk.
they're both a waste of time
"that's how we on it!"
Can't wait to go dress shopping ;*
Donnie will go in a minute lol
LIKE A BOSS
Ok thank you for the follow, and email me your work and I will definitely keep you in mind for Summer
Sounds like you need to zip up those new plaid shorts.
Yup it was fun so glad u were there, Coco!
The real reason Peyton is going to Denver? There are a lot more Chick-fil-A's there than in San Fransico. Good choice right?
There is no way to sneak out of the auditorium quietly -_-"
Taking an hour long nap at 9PM is not a good idea.
Well in CT it April 29th so officially Happy Birthday Angelia! 10 years have gone so fast but I love you so!
I would love to meet you, a fellow Texan, today. I'm in from Dallas.
looked extremely beautiful today at church! <3
awesome, love it
DM me yours
RT : RIP Kent Hull. a true #BuffaloBILL. He will be missed
pre taping starts at 4:20. so i need you there by 3:45 at the latest. Freddy and Emily and my mom are coming!
And Kinko and Saka are my cuddly beauty cats.
ah i want too go see sammy at times square at 5 !
Takes work. But I'm proud that I told my current employer flat out "I'm an asshole" when he said he wanted to hire me.
I just realized how early it is Z have nice morning and a good day!
Gotta stay my distance
don't follow that fake ass one!
It's some of the worst written crap I've ever read. I want to be holding a red pen while I read it.
where is the LOVE button??!?
BRANDON MADE A TWITTER! :D err'one go follow him. :)
Sometimes u have to forget what u feel, and remember what u deserve.
This lady/man is nuts and smells worst than sour milk on a pile of crap..go away...I going to Ace my class in spite on nutcase 1-1000
Goodmorning our amazing followers! We have an announcement soon for next month!! Who's stoked for this!? Be ready!:D
I love selling beer to distributor reps because their company won't give them samples.. And then I drink them
Let's Go E-Vans!! Let's Go Cli-ppers!! Let's Go #JonnyTee!!
Improv 4 Kids show TODAY at 3pm at Broadway Comedy Club!
: what made you become an actor?
follow me please? it would make my dayy <3
thanks for the support
And just like that...he's gone
my tee time is posted. 948 off the 10th tee at Lake Wales!
thanks - cool article
I must find the one my soul loves
Devin party gone get Shot up, watch! Lol
Boy I wish I knew of one that fit the bill. Haha!
BiG in Vegas was killer can't wait till the next show. Shout out to formula 420 and Boo tube.
you're a fuckin fag man
if its lame I really figured YOU'D be watching it then.
Someone call me
Dude, you're on the trip of a lifetime!
whats the special at el arroyo for happy hour?
Q5: veggie pizza & subway subs
Thank you! Looking forward to your tweets!
before you sent that tweet you looked like u were already an excellent corksoaker
.wait was that guy supposed to be gootecks?
can't wait bud
Best currently-known concepts/things: 1. sports bloopers; 2. various kinds of justice, social & economic; etc.
We were blinded by escience
Soon. Not today.
<3 RT : If you guys are some loyal followers you would do me the favor of following these guys are awesome (:
swimsuit and fitness shoot today at the studio in Boston!!! : )
Thanks for all of the info today in class! You were tons of help!
Just realized that "New Kid in School" by the Donnas totally steals the riff from "Sweet Leaf" by Sabbath. Donnas play it faster.
<U+266A> Without Mayday Parade, I'd be miserable at best. #MaydayParade <U+266B>
i miss you love
Fool me once shame on you. Fool me twice shame on me. Fool me three times....I don't think so Paranormal Activity.
BrowserMedia Is Pleased To Launch A New Site For Digestive Disease Week
who? MP3tunes? What is/was that? Oh, one of 1,001 online music start-ups? OK.
Why do my telework days fly by but not a regular day in the office? Damn you.
RT Fav quotes from today's preschool storytime: "I'm a cowdaughter" & "I don't think Jesus ate spaghetti."
This maudlin, pill-popping, liquor-swilling full size gal is ready for Fun day Monday!
what kind of #beer goes best with chili!? will find out at the #chilicookoff today.
Smoke time
Prez Obama Says He like the term Obamacare Because he Cares, But I say Obama Care about White America But He Don't care about Minorities!
U gotta listen to dat hood certied by lou tho
Tomorrow is the LAST day we're accepting submissions for our 2012 publication. Type fast, friends. There's still time.
Work pedometer competition continues. Went to grocery. As always, took least efficient route to find all items. Should be weekly winner.
tell auntie I said happy mothers day!!
remember when we went to black friday?
I really appreciate that. Thank u!
Something's gotta give
my follower plz follow my other account just made it :) its
anyone in downtown #Indy today want to get together for lunch?
I'm going to sleep like it's been a long day.
follow my personal?!?! PLEASE<3333
also sick of terribly bland menu items but that's just a geographical problem stemming from living in chain-restaurantdom
Are you registered to vote? If you want cannabis policy reform, local officials (city council, city attorney etc) make a big difference!
ok designer friends! i need your help! I'd like your feedback on a new project. @ or dm me if interested
Also, Twitter is getting better than Facebook purely based on load-times
May 9,1942: #Churchill cheered the great American and Australian victory over the Japanese fleet at the Battle of the #Coral Sea.
“Not a single one of the cells that compose you knows who you are, or cares.” ~ Daniel Dennett
I did not cry about Whitney till interview. Wow, so real. So sad
Wipe out is the shiizzz XP
Have you tried Spotify? I think the DVD of the prod I watched is on Netflix.
off to SF in t-minus 24 hours...flour + water, the slanted door & old friends...cannot wait!
Thanks! It's great to meet a students passionate about making a difference in K-12 education. Keep up the good work.
I'm having a panick attack. :(
u should have came to lunch!
We're in the process of taking new pictures soon. We'll let you know when they're ready and we'll send you 1! Thanks! -- TS
Just heard live on , damn you're on fire!
Come see at booth 513 at the #NACE2011 conference!
is there any way to make sure that I have registered for the Sc2 Open #2? Or is the paypal receipt enough?
You have to admit that Nichole has been taking a lot of lumps lately....
lol im planning my trip out there da beginning of nxt month. gotta link up nd show long beach how we function in killeen lmao
I start in May! I can't wait!
Thanks for your awesome performance of you original
warning sharp curve ahead
John Teeter, Deputy-CIO, HHS, says "mobility is a big deal at HHS moving forward." Good discussions at 1st panel of
the game fell off bad! It's not the same!
Had such a great time with Faith Covenant in Farmington Hills, MI yesterday - that church is becoming like a second home! :)
Retro Zouk/Kizomba night on Sat. April 14th @ Amber Lounge (391 3rd Ave, NYC)DJ E2E4 all the way from Boston w/ guest DJ Groove
Pearl District smells like a campfire.
Is JB the genius that brought down his govt. by trying to add VAT to children's IFSC has nothing to worry about.
Brisbane tonight! Pretty girls, good beer, nice gonja....that's all a man can ask for
:) RT : Friday is my favorite day.
Parked in fronta Popeye's on Bruceville practicing Tank harmony's and runs because I'm so melodic uh huh yes I am.
i tried that with a car.....it didnt go so well....JK.LOL.
My words for 2012: if it doesn't make you happy, leave it alone.. (unless it makes you good money)
Rihanna's,"You the shit yeah baby you the bomb, middle of the day give me what I want" :) came on at the perfect time lmfao
Ray, if someone asks if you're a God, you say yes!!!
well said...
Heard the Ice Cream man drive to the tune "oh when the wiz oh when the wiz..." Wait that doesn't sound right! U know your a SKC fan when...
We feature over 100 beers and specialty cocktails!!
Bit overwhelming but I found a good room for the afternoon, relevant to student success in math!
Up tonight, Ben Ryder Howe discussing MY KOREAN DELI w/ Tim of @ Z&H on 57th Street @ 7pm
I need to go to the Grizzlies game tonight! This game means so much!! Dont wanna watch on tv..I need to be in the Grind House cheering!
I just volunteered her
Swear I HATE when white bitches try to be black. Sit the fuck down.
Tag Team back again check it erect it and lets begin. Party on party people lets here some noise DCs in the house jump jump for joy.
I meant zumba. This phone changes my words
"I feel like this is going to last an hour... just hitting around balls." THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID.
Ready 2 begin the next chapter in my life! Looking 4 a place! Lord guide my steps, I'm moving forward into what You've purposed 4 my life!
Had trouble paying your #SanDiego water bill? details problems with the utility's new billing system + resulting overtime.
Are you in your seats for the Lisa Loeb show yet? #alamw12, #wrapuprevup,
I'd have a hard time ranking them. Brenda Lee actually was first to cover it. PSB hit #4 on the charts in US, Willie
no its not the boy, its the feeling you have when your with a boy. You miss relationships.
Does everyone get sick of their socks after a while?
5 (ridiculous) social media job titles—exposed! on Great job, ! Love it.
PM I have an idea to dramatically increase GooglePlus through a strategic partnership. Interested in talking? 920-450-5404
Headed out to watch the game at a bar with Mr. And I ain't talking Mr. Clean!
if you do decide to... Don't be shy! Drop us a line to let us know how your skills are progressing.
Thanks for following Car Club News!
super good! thanks! Cody followed me on this account this morning!(': haha How are you?
Happy Valentine's Day! Looking for something to do later? Stop in at our WFB store and hang with Ellen! BOGO on drinks 4-Close!
"Celebrate endings, for they precede new beginnings." ~Jonathan Lockwood Huie
I honestly am not being disrespectful. Why are you so mean to everyone? Your timeline is nothing but mean comments and anger
forget the gym. It might be time 4 a new boyfriend.
“: Why do people come to school wrinkled ? do you not own a iron ?! Do you know how to use one ?!” <=== Haha!
So yesterday I treated two of my best friends to Dominos. :) It felt good to actually be able to treat them rather then them treat me. <3
RT : Guys suck at listening. HEY NOW.. Thats Male Profiling!
same, but with Tumblr
You be my Louisiana, I'll be your Mississippi. You be my Colorado, I'll be your Illinois.
Cash rules everything around me! No really I need to go to the ATM again it's hard to find a food cart that takes debit cards
Has anyone read the new Sedaris? What did you think? Should we review it on The Current Reader? Any other great new reads to recommend?
Look out: pigeons can use electric doors and public transport.
Marching Band? Yes, please.
i finally succumbed to twitter. more importantly, gary busey is insane and is one of the many reasons i watch celebrity apprentice.
congrats on #tedxnyed sorry i missed the recap. love your resources!
I've discovered that I'm a geek for #SOA I watched 3 seasons in one week but now I'm behind in the new season :o(
Teach a child to read - but don't forget to give them a library and a great school librarian to help with this!
Black Forest Remodel & Tile, LLC is ready to take charge of your remodeling needs!
hahahaha, i love you to death ;)
If you don't have allergies I am hating your guts.
What do you do on Fridays?
should prob get your autograph now before you get too famous lmfaoo
RT : Getting so excited planning our first annual Art Walk with during our Spring on Brady event June 2nd-...
so confused I hate Exam very much
hi coco!i love the show you and ice are soo cute together!;)
Get a rope!
Trying to figure out how to get across to Galveston. A caravan of DPS went south on the northbound side.
Another day, another chance to get it right!
Join us at The Mission Brewery tomorrow from 4-8pm to support The Honest Kitchen in an event for The Barking Lot. Raffles & drink specials!
I like to pretend and are dating when I read the news on the takeover bid.
I'm waiting for the animated Family Guy ad to dance its way across the screen, interfering with the Doppler radar image
Thursday at Friends 11pm !!!
they have a punchers chance to win games when they hit 3s or the other team turns it over a lot. That's not gonna win playoff gms
In other words, the retirees feel like they "built the game up" and have been tossed aside like old car parts w/o benefits and poor pensions
See yall tonight.
I'm so mad at McGahee right now thanks to he's stupid fumble we are now in a lot of trouble.
Chocolate pot de cremes finished, time to make a move on the cake
I am tweeting for the first time. Wish me luck.
We should have the BBQ here at the ol' mansion, no? We can invite plenty of villagers just for the heluvit!
Me too! It means I'm doing SOMETHING right :)
That and I don't want to go near my iPad data limit before the SpaceX #NASASocial!
son I'm still waiting on my ride! Trying not to be ungrateful but I'm ready to spazz!
wow ur just gonna leave me in precalc
"A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies" -Jojen, A Song of Ice and Fire
nothing but thoughts and prayers for you and your family
Sleep is the Cousin of death
is texting people shes never met on some iphone app... And she thinks im weird for reading..?
I met a long tail last night. I spent hours looking for keywords.
I love money
I am not confident that the industry will self regulate here. There needs to be more incentives
just hit me up
You'd think grimly was a yooper for how tough he is. Maybe we can make him an honorary member!
okay, I just followed him :)
Seriously. I should'nt eat ice cream. Poor tummy ):
Friends, looking for an AP contact in South Africa ... anyone?
#evernoticed how nobody wants you when your single but as soon as your in a relationship everybody wanna start crushin on you
saw your link. thank you.
rise&shine.
Wife has found out she is allergic to wheat, not that gluten thing but actually wheat...small changes and pow, she is better, just crazy...
And you can't delete the freaking thing, unless I am missing something
Thanks Ted - it was a fun group Great presentation by on social media at NIA yesterday. Check him out also
Good news....neither team scored during halftime...
this boy looks like danny AH!!! <3
American history class <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Huhh so now he wants to take all fucking day. That shit irritating!
yay! Hope you enjoy!
Thanks for following back! Dusty Springfield channel is amazing
he is So old lol
Beer Trivia Time! Q. What year was beer finally sold in bottle form?
Kazoozles...YUM :D
follopw me please need at least another 100 followers... big favor
Love the building I just moved in. It is green! :)
you doing it homie. Can't wait to hear what you guys drop on us
a caution for something that never really was a tackle..
RT : Drupal commerce rocks - now with 80% more Drupal. At nuts and bolts session
Kells on the big screen. “: Where's everyone watching the Blazer game tonight???"
in 3 weeks :)
Don't stress about the things you can't change.
oh! Gosh! That's so sweet. Thanks for telling me that. I'm glad it moved you!
thank you for your support!
It's a beautiful night to sit outside and play with CJ in his new sandbox.
Ight no more middle fights... Lets go mayweather vs pac man..where's don king when u need him!!
lol I'm making a log house
Getting excited (and nervous) about the 48 Go Green this weekend!
Good Morning!
#TeamMEB.... Will start soon!
Hi Karen! I'm watching MSNBC. I do like CNN, but John King & his charts & graphs drives me bonkers.
At #ikea... God help me.
Designer of Ann Romney's $1K Shirt Says It's Off The Rack - ABC News (blog)
Great page on FB for homeowners and home improvement professionals called "Ask The Kitchen Guy" from DDS Design Services to "LIKE"
Reading internship posts on blogs... missing internship days!
i <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>my bad bitch<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0099>
Thanks Pennsylvania for the awesome signing autographs. :) *giggles*
Just realized it's only Tuesday... I hate it when that happens
I like the sound of you shutting the fuck up.
Eat immediately after a workout. Your body will automatically use the calories you eat for repair and recovery, not fat storage.
no, in the end it's how their dick feels
In study hall, listening to my dad's songs. I love you, Dad. You should be famous(:
They should pass a law against redheads, isn't that a choice too?
Courts your tweet said what has UC done since the Gtown game. Tan the Bearcats played Johnies b4 Gtown
Morgan will likely trump me. RT : = awesome wedding present buyer. Who knew?
A I need that but not for the 14 lol
If you are in Bton and can't see the CoH subtitles b/c of the snow warnings, come see Strange Things at the the Buskirk-Chumley Jan.23! :)
#schoolmemories Beating little kids up >,<
I'm tweeting too much. I'm gone. lol <U+270C>
ma my hoodie on glow, just got slapped for calling my friends hoodie a hooded sweatshirt, just thought you should know.
My mom made me kiss her.. Most awkward experience of my life
Secure Virtual Machine Server for Military Applications - R &amp; D Magazine
#itsabeautifulworldbecause I'm in it. You're welcome
I want to watch this game!
Same here RT: I hate my dads judgements! Stfu.
She sucked the skin of this dick you shoulda seen this bitch!!
no coffee this morning cannot function
RT When someone says "everything happens for a reason" I'd like to smack them and say "yeah, I guess you're right"
iphones are the new compact mirrors.
epic win!
GH and ur performances so powerful, shld be moved to prime time. Strting campaign!
Sweet! But, can't DM you until you follow me. RT You won a complimentary app card. Dm your full name.
#SometimesIWonder if I ever cross your mind.
Tell I love him in person , That's All I Really Wanna Do
Hey cousin, I didn't know you were on Twitter! Love you! :)
I'm Puerto Rican and I speak Spanish
He'll get it!
Hi there, let's connect on facebook... www.facebook.com/jimnkyles
it took 27 min to get this after placing my order at bar
Can we please get a run for Greinke?
playing the harmonica in my room , at ease.
I think it's funny that you guys tweet about us so much!
Coca Cola went to town, Pepsi Cola shot her down, Dr.Pepper fixed her up, now we all drink 7up, 7up caught the flu,say hello to Mountain Dew
lol...been there many times
Happy Mothers Day to the most wonderful mom there is. I love you so much, mothaa <3
love that movie!
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." -- Robert Louis Stevenson
oh gosh..lol ion know who all coming
Thanks everyone! My instapaper is jammed full with things to read think about!
Can't wait for this class to be over <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
I'm carrying 's child. But he's trying to leave me :( lol
nice what studio is that? and ya gonna be in LA next wknd, ill be out there
nice stickers, I've got to make sure to get some from you.
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear: Bud Lite
The silent bear no witness against themselves.
oh no... I can only imagine what someone might have said to you today.
OoLaLa! RT : Day 2 of Study Cram is here! Free snacks (nuts, granola bars, apples) open rooms for studying and chair massages!
You too, Chris. Won raffle & Mr. Witt let me select The Leader Within instead of a scarf-some light summer reading.
Just heard a song I think was written purely off of word association.
Spaz, because at least Valentine somehow got the hopeless Mets to the World Series
Feist, cornflakes, coffee,a run and sunshine in Chicago. #carefree #happiness. Can every morning be like this?
If you're a Vineyard Westside attender - don't forget to attend the Prayer Experience tonight or tomorrow @ 7:30pm - 12yrs old and up
Oh yeah? How was it? I forgot that it was premiering. Ha!
I hate that fucking song. HOW CAN YOU MISS SOMEONE BEFORE YOU MEET THEM?
I'll DM you if I need an insultation.
It really seems like sleep should come earlier and end later. Why is it you can sleep in at an age where u can't reqlly appreciate it.
"A year from now you will wish you had started today."
Didn't get much sleep last night I hate storms
sorry I missed it! If you are looking for more community participants 1. Use buffer & see when your tweets are read
...I was thinking...you should do an interview with US!!! We don't have our album out yet...but it'd be fun:D
Beautiful people all around the world.
Count down to Ieroween.
Will be curious to c how all the recent retail & travel discount sites persevere. C more competition each day. Believe this is the future.
Thanks! It's a 4x6 card, so a about the size of a postcard.
adios south beach.
Just heard Thunder for first tiMe today near 86th and Meridian #severe here in indianapolis
while standing on her hind legs
no problem. it was wonderful year, and we cannot wait for May 19!
yes no problem
good look bro this summer we goin HAM! wit da video connect we got to
Thanks Alex! I believe big things are coming! -Chris
Good Monday Morning. Hitting the trail running and getting over the first crest before first light.
Re: In this day in 1933: FDR and Prohibition -- Who said tweets about history can't be funny?
Agrees with , has the best tweets ever.
Disorganization enslaves us to an existence of confusion, anxiety, and separation. Don't let disorder master you. Start now.
Great to be back in LA! Sure, the joint's got its flaws, but some pretty cool shit happens here.
hearing sex or that he/she only lasts a minute?
Shot out to the homie make sure yall follow him!
Punching so many people in my mind right now.
stumbled on your blog via twitter. Great, informative stuff, thanks!
Designing Culture, Anne Balsamo, Duke 2012 "Technology and culture are inseparable" "a manifesto for ed progs" #feminist design
Although for him it was out of necessity. He was out of work and needed money.
Cheese steaks from Ishkabibbles and strawberry Gelatos from Ritas all summer. Don't judge me.
the play by play made me think they only cared about osu rep, not the person involved.
You're awesome! Thank you.
We are still under construction, but we are getting ready to launch our site soon
OWS:Exposing evil but at the same time persuading the adversary and keeping the peace.Those three are tough to balance.
I'm a #lakers fan but they need 2 get Bynum's ass off the team. they don't need punks like that. Sucks Phil Jackson's last game has that BS
God is NOT finished with you yet.....
I might have to move from Hurricane
What's the link? <3
Kevin Johns, head of EGRSO says 7-year term stated in document
” Streep looked shocked when her named was called, especially because Viola Davis was considered the front-runner for “The Help
Sun goes down. Drinks go up.
But you can, if you haven't already, buy the full "Really Rosie" album on iTunes. My personal favorite, too.
I DIDN'T LOL!! I'm and angel.
Doesn't he always? RT : is doing a great job tonight!!
RT Attention Graphic Designers $$$ opportunity.. needs a logo asap .. Hit them up
you mad?
lol you guys are nuts... can't wait =)
Poor brady, he didn't get laid superbowl day.
Doing really well, he actually just took the Associate job @ UNC Greensboro with Wes Miller. Started there about 2 weeks ago
We all want Christmas to come fast but the anticipation will make this month go so slow
Hate how some people feel so entitled... Get this right muggs... U Ain't SHIT!!!
looking forward to "Do's and Dont's of Quadding"
<raises hand. I do!
Guess who just broke Twitter? Me.
Taking pictures of set lists is saving me so far....
I agree. Also trainers who want clients to look/be like they think they should and not what the client wants.
Very true. And authenticity - which is the part that I think requires the most courage and wisdom in order to be creative.
Put the kids to bed. Check on them later & caught them w/the light on coloring in their beds. Hate to being the bad guy when they're so cute
Thanking God and Jesus for waking me and my love ones up this morning!
Have a great weekend !
Gm! Bridal shower tea party today in apache junction. Tea party ettiquette anyone?
You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible.
ATL airport to pick up
chapter 5 is up!
hey I'm headed to la in a week for some meetings and shopping we need to visit!
I would love to!! Let me pass this on to to discuss! I love that space, it's gorgeous!
Thanks for the follow, Donald!
Ain't no love in the heart of the city...that's why home is where my heart lies
How so?
I thought you were going to work for me? ;-)
Missing the point...Kanye was picking tag team partners for later
aww I miss u too. Lol what up
Smart move. RT : #NASCAR will not penalize for his use of Twitter during last night's
what is wrong
but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy
WUT IS TRUST!
Perfection is constantly improving on it until you have to put it on and go out with it. Then you must let it go. ;)
Spring is here, time for spring cleaning. Host your virtual garage sale on EggCartel
What do you think about this University of Illinois coaching situation?
In college, this is when we would all look at our phones awkwardly
filmed her new music video "Part of Me" at Camp Pendleton, San Diego. How freakin' awesome ! I love her. <3
need more minds like his in lots of industries!
Take a look: 20% metrics, replicable design for rest of country, Exports
The API is currently down, we're working to get it back up ASAP. Sorry about that folks.
I got a taste for some nice refreshing Pepsi Clear...who's got any from '93? #soundsgood I'm on the hunt...
I ain't gonna lie, reason I hate the Lakers. They've been good for so long! Lucky fans
Tonight : #SetItOff feat. , The Backup Plan, The Said & Done, Always 10ft Tall & Ridgeway, 6p.
Wonder if it would provide the technology to route people to different existing hotlines around the US?
Let's meet b4 the GI Unite gig & chat, rip that up & move from there.
Where all my Latinos at!! Come out and party with NochePdx at Qube!!
Going to try and get a few pages written tonight... we'll see how it goes. I think I have hit the proverbial wall until the weekend.
Signed my lease to return to Nevada. Another year of Reno Little Theatre, Student Advising at USAC, rock climbing and salsa dancing!
LOVE YOU <3
goodmorning well not so much if anyone knows of a room to rent or a place plz plz let me know ASAP thx u hugs
I wanna switch to a different school!!
I'm going to write a memoir about my days in concrete laying, called "Trials & Tribulations"
RT : Wish you could have a summary of The Facebook Customer Service Challenge for Brands from #sxsw? Here are the top...
Existence is a contradiction.
I love that quote!!!
First event of the afternoon: a panel on pedagogy and data modeling
Steve Martin is just about the coolest guy ever.
#thatawkwardmoment when the person in the stall next you has no shame about taking a loud dump, pushing sounds and all. O_o
gl champ rock that stack
we gonna take care of them tonite
Winners from today's #LawMeets will compete in the National Meet in Phila on March 29 and 30, 2012
ok... getting back into it. here we go
Burger Up with my dad. It's fair to say its a man date.
When you don't know if the the kid likes you back.
that's really beautiful.
Home for sale at 422 Buckingham Dr., Houston, TX - Houston Chronicle
When I listen to boyfriend by j.bieber all I hear is that bird thing in the background..
You: "what are you wearing to the halloween party?" Me: " I don't know
Thanks to everybody that came to the Bedouin Soundclash show...hope to see you at Stars & Stripes and Uncle Sam Jam, too!
Time to get some shuteye. Hope this pulled muscle stops hurting. ugh.
HA! “: Does the "Lord of No Rings" ever regret the Phillip Rivers is better than Drew Brees decision?”
Follow and check out their website to listen, and learn about the lectures Civil Rights activist James Farmer
what competition?.. Sorry I dont know what's happening
Here we go, last crunch time of my undergraduate career
LOL, wait till video #2- Rack City. Def some Cat Daddy'n goin on in there.
That sounds like wayy more fun than taxes!
"I told you I'm not bulletproof, now you know."
#WordsINeverWantToHear can I have some gum
I should be sleep
3/14 is National Pi Day! Celebrate with a “pie” from your favorite pizza guy...Johnny!
same here. nothing like a surprise root canal!
This is a proud day for Mke. Thank u to our Mayor and Common Council for your bold leadership.
That feeling you get when he gives you that long hug and you just never want let go. ?
love the ad. Looks like you guys got some great feedback. ^TR
RT : $10 Thursdays for Big Box and At-TEN-tion Span! RT to help get the word out! See you tonight!
Agreed! Very informative.
me likes Tommy. Go Green
Empower women
lmao the potato bodies = cash flow ...
Hey independents, see how Mitt stands up to extremism? This is a preview of a Romney presidency.
Still woke 4 hours later and 4 new songs laid. Verses, hooks, adlibs.
A Benefit for Freedom From Fear featuring The Sliders / The August Infinity... This Friday!
Having a grandparent with early onset, I could not agree more!
followed everyone back. love u.
that new(ish) York commercial gets me every time. EVERY. TIME.
Tune in to 1340am on the COACH COOK RADIO SHOW, Aaron Davis from Hillsborough Title will join Coach live in studio!
#SocialChat Do you monitor actual twitter feed or are lists your go to source?
Joanne Roukens on the challenges of regularly posting to the blog: "you know how much I enjoy organizing things!" TRUTH! :-)
so true!! You were a great #Bachelorette because u were real! It appears Ben is too! Why doesn't he see her true colors??
I know I have like so many cards to write out and not looking forward to it.
Apparently contacting #liberals + telling them they are wrong is frowned upon by #twitter. Been warned but will not stop speaking truth.
Message to those who s moms are in heaven may you find comfort on this day knowing she is with her heavenly father. She is proud of you.
Happy Easter from
#GreatnessIs never allowing your failures to dictate your future
“: We look forward to networking with students and recent grads at today's finale!”-->Thank You! BTO Solutions
Hahaha, exactly. It's all over my fb timeline & Batavia twitter list. RT : Lol @ girls thinkin they are really a model
Ted Allen: Chia pets, that's how we roll
Sad #WE11 is over but happy it was so successful. I can't wait for WE12 in Houston. Congrats to all awardees
what's good man!
Its showin up to class 5 minutes late cus I'm a nice guy and want to make everyone else in class look good #tuesday ...
One of the best costume parties this year, hope you join us!
There's still time to swing by the Bricktown store before the #OKCThunder game begins to pick up some new music!
So...is a rubric based on evidence seen in the work...or measurement of the work? Both?
I can't move.
don't forget St Norberts won another D-3 hockey championship.
How is it possible that I can care so much about someone who could care less about me? Ugh
I know I've asked this before...but does anyone know of a good cleanse?
thank you very much :D <3
why he has 90k* follower
I just saw you RT the Taurus joint. Are you a taurus???
Yeah I was, born & raised. If U ever have ?'s about LA, feel free to ask. If I can't answer them, my wife can. Shes the smart 1
Of course. There is a par 3 tourney he can enter with me and he'll be the favorite to win lol
Probably unrated.
ewwwwie hahah yep but listen to and ease tell people to follow me(: and him!!!
glad you found it helpful!
I love it when you listen to a song you've never heard & guess the lyrics. I'm looking at you, Mountain Goats!
B1G Tourney coverage starts today! and will have the call from Indy at 5 pm as No 9 #Badgers take on No 8
Alumni white roster: Jonathan Laurens, Blake Guyton, Steven Robinson, Mike Lyons, Tariq Gladney, & Jake Cox.
very, very strange - inconsistent between browsers etc.
moving sucks! I might need to move somewhere cheaper though dangit!
i love duncans toy chest
Yes, I have blocked about 100 trash posts.
If you didn't lock yours loans today. Your going wish you did. Rates will be higher tomorrow!
SO jealous! GJ had an adventurous day: shunts in BF's ear & excitement living next door to the flea market!
ever wonder why those great pictures of pop kids people take never show the crowd!? oh... wait.
I'm on E....not the good kind.
Loyalty without question is not loyalty it's STUPIDITY
Wanna hear a joke I heard about a funny guy named Michael who corrects everyone if they don't speak with
I can't believe that this is my final week of school...where did the year go?
working and looking forward to the Laker game. I'm nervous!
Behold, happy is the man whom God correcteth: therefore despise not thou the chastening of the Almighty: Job 5:17
Picking up #donated #officefurniture. If you know of any companies getting rid of desks, bookshelves, large tables & more; let us know.
WORK AT HOME TIP: Do not compare your business to others. Your business is unique and so are your successes.
Well that's embarrassing #soontobecollegegraduate?
Be the change you wish to see in the world. ~ Gandhi
The Guthrie Campaignhonored to announce the Appeals Ct ruled #SheriffGarcia wrongfully withheld documents & Judge Baker ruled Guthrie!””
-throws a stick because too scared to come at you-
All these negative vibes kill my mood. Cheer up kidos.
Get money or go broke
Is it wrong to say that Television should be entertainment that should be used occasionally.
I want some Cuban Cake!! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>
WAssup sexy!! What you doing? Actually Dm me
nice watch
#envato support sucks -- if ever I could punch a web service in the face it would be now. just one (of many im-sure) disgruntled users.
Taking off on early flight. CMH <U+2708> LGA
Big WOOF Out to !
Why do I buy Real Simple magazine? There are 2 pages devoted to dish racks. WTF.
well I dm it to you
the real question is how worth it is a california king - and i would say a 10. how tall is ed again? 7'1"?
I had the same thought.
sorry i don't understand?
"La Marseillaise" was composed by Claude Joseph Rouget de Lisle on this day in 1792, just in time for stirring scene in "Casablanca."
Happy B-Day hope ur hvng an awesome day
Just got chills reading 's fb post......
Brunch is on!' come on down!
Jäger just swam in the river for the first time and loved it! #proudmama <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Still spazzing over Warner. Ohmygod that kids adorbsssss ;D
Keep up the hard work. Will we see you back on the court next season?
You can hear conviction in .'s voice and the lack of it in 's
goodnight baby!
1DAY. Rehearsal was so intense and amazing tonight.
. NBA season not looking good, starting to feel the emptiness!
If the war on terror is over then let me take a big drink on board the airplane.
HAHAHA U GONNA EAT IT?!
Nothing like replenishing the supplies, well-overdue night of chillin ahead
OMG! I just balled over that touching dog story.
You assumed I was moody. I was answering your question just not how You wanted me to :-)
No quit in the Grizzlies.
totally making a video tomorrow
Another great day , cards get a W..cruising listening to new Wiz
": Wilson is a damn good pick. I'm convinced he's not a backup." Agreed, loved watching him as a badger
re: my Bacula database is 14GB on disk. To put it in perspective, we have a geologic block model for a proj that is 14GB on disk
Almost just died
haha so did I, then the test changed it!
When you clicked that one video of Austin singing on YouTube, you honestly didn't know you would love him this much, did you.
Rain Rain Rain Today
hahahah dude might be the grandfather of
Fan fic documentary seeks fans of trek for interviews
Thanks for the #FF as always!
haha, fanship starts early. smart kiddo :)
Supposedly better, and certainly environmentally a lot better.
that was the most misleading title ever
#fact about #8 There were 8 writers of the New Testament, who wrote of Jesus’ life, death and resurrection.
yep! and i hope i don't get in a fight!
nite tweet buddies gonna go to bed an cuddle wit my new baby gurl pup cloe!!! lol
Sometimes I just wonder what if
I tell people color is fixable. A bad cut is not.
get connected for FREE
I hate liars,cheaters etc. ugh really rethinking some shit
& present Club at the Newport Music Hall on July 24th! Tickets are $15 in advance and go sale 4/20!
She don't cook well. But she gives sweet brain.
ZOMBIE KANYE? LOL, thats hilarious, I thinkw e should have a CELEBRITY ZOMBIE COSTUME CONTEST!
Tik Tok: 1 MORE DAY UNTIL FASHION'S NIGHT OUT! Check out www.fashionsnightout.com to find all the lastest events
!!! Sing soon please!! :) Lovin' & , you'd better kick some massive boo-tay :D Pretty sure you will!
i was actually thinking of writing subway and telling them it's really in poor taste to continue to use his image in their ads
really loving opening week and great pitching!! I'm ready for my Halos visit to the Bronx, Let's go!!
I don't know what it is about Chicago but WOW what a show. Bravo , bravo!
going to try to not have a tv in Boston if we can avoid it. i'm becoming allergic to the sound of it, amazingly.
It is what it is....
Grrrr, I hate this geology lab! Its soo boring !
Eeeeeeeekkkkkkkk! Coffee all down my scrubs.
Got more covers for Aporia today!
Lolla lineup looks amazing as usual. The big headliners are kind of meh for me though. Cool to see but not that excited.
pretty sure I just swallowed my tongue. How come I never see girls that look like that when I bowl?
that ish is killing my stomach rite now!!!
If you don't depend on a woman's income, you may not realize why economic opp for women actually matters. In touch? Or out of touch?
aw did you have fun !!!?
I surely do not know how to get home. Astound me?
Stocks Decline After Weak Jobs Report
#Pittsburgh #GreenTree - What's with all the crazy sirens I'm hearing on Parkway?
love all the pics Jimmy especially since I cannot be there today! First time:( Can I retweet and out on FB?
candy shop !
& by happy endng I mean: Steelers lose or true love as result of angsty misunderstood stoic torment& wistful uncrtainty. #i<U+2661>whengoodwins
Chilly morning with a frost advisory in effect! Hot weather coming up in about 5 minutes! #Newschannel8atsunrise!
you don't own Top Gun?!?!?!?! Shame on you!! Best damn movie ever!! I feel like Target might have it for cheap :)
Music tonight (Fri., April 6) 10 p.m.: Mike Mulvaney, Folk/Blues
CE Image is ridonkulous. Get it and never look back.
Barrett did an interview with , MSNBC, aired with your live tweeting
Earn an Extra 400 a Week. International Nutrition Company Expanding. Seeking Athletic & Sports Minded Individuals with Good People Skills
no problem Justin. Good to meet you.
Good Afternoon! Today's specials: Carne con papas....a costa rican stew. Tuna melt on croissant. And chicken with rice & veggies soup.
go get 'em
no, but i like discovering & sharing. you're good at memorable activities.
she said she dont like #WhiteGuys ,so i showed her my 3rd leg..now she saying its kool bcuz im must be half-black.
Why do fools fall in love
And by "every day" I mean every scheduled day.
hahaha well I definitely take it as a compliment :)
#RHAPcity a virtual librarian game. "Playfulness" in #digitalmedia #digitalhumanities #youtube ..kathleen harris..conference
I'd love to see that. Save APA/MLA?etc for when/if a student starts actually publishing in the field.
#mla #s305 next speaker: Sue J. Kim, U of Alabama, Birmingham.
it's been ages since i've seen a line in buffalo as good as ennis/stafford/foligno right now. Playing with confidence.
Early dinner then off to improv class! Monday nights are fun these days! :)
not too dry, cereal is always better with milk <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
.....met Jon at ALA last year; also used to work with his wife (she's a law librarian).
S/o to You might finally be able to come out..how exciting!!
im sorry, i mean its not like we are even close anymore....
RT : "I have often regretted my speech, never my silence." - Xenocrates #quote And SO TRUE!
One day im gonna marry an ICONic Boy... you just wait
Miami 3-1 let's go Boston can't hang wit us they too old
That's a pretty bold confession, but LOVE that he had the stones to; probably worth a sore knee. That 9th inning was nuts.
Lose one friend, gain two.
Drinking at the cherry creek parking lot lol
ND peeps- head So. of Bentley for the Friez family auction! You can't miss the deals!
Follow Us if you Love Boxing News, Videos, and Updates
right?? Thanks babe. I want it as wallpaper.
Singing, is my heart!
All this over some dick..come'on bitch it aint that serious
Ma kids r leaving 2day yeah me
RT : Great timing RT Redskins safety Meriweather arrested for DUI -- Like really??
“: I accepted the terms and conditions without reading them YOLO”
Certainly. Issue is that certain immoral acts and sins are condemned and others are either celebrated or ignored by our culture.
*high five* me too!
Ooh, I didn't even think about that!
well deserved! Share your nomination on Twitter!
Tha madness continues.....my bracket is already lookin HURT!!!!!.
ahh your shirt is so sparkly :)
Prof Bies: Reinvention is the key to longevity. Best examples? Madonna! Oprah! Dr G! Kaya Henderson!
Eagerly anticipating Fridays game of baseball. Hope your ready
I miss my psc friends
I got my PhD in Norman, so I've a fondness for that town.
Awesome performance by for #ltc today! Loves it!!!!
you are NOT alone! :-)
Union strike may kill off Twinkies? No complaints here...
: who is dh for the yanks? Ibanez? They are going to rotate
skinny time just got asked to walk in a fashion show during fashion week in October hells yeah.time to get back to the life of a socialite
Squared off for a fight. Most prison fights have the intention of being to the death. This fight was a most kind of fight. These two cons
St. Lawrence Seaway took 50 years. I-98 planned 50 years ago; still not built.
Had a really fun time last night at Musical Mondays at Splash.
Glad I could help. It's a big step in the gameday process
lmfao. Is that all you got ? Resorting to old, tired, racial jokes? Sad little person you are.
Someday your prince charming will come. mine just took a wrong turn, got lost, & is too stubborn to ask for directions. <U+2665>
LOL! Pick them up. Weave is expensive.
hamburger helper nigga!
Okay. Bring me some food
Wow. Waiting at BART and see a raven picking apart a dead pigeon on the tracks. M yummy thing to see on ur morning commute
#supportlocalmusic Live with some random tracks. Stop by.
Just woke up from a 5 hour nap
And there are no extra-inning major league baseball games on consecutive nights. I'm sold.
Zucker is a former LA Select and 2010 second-round draft pick. Tennyson, of Pleasanton, played 2 seasons for the Jr. Sharks.
Good Lord...
So takin it up the ass while wearing a tampon DOESN'T constitute DP....SHIT I thought I marked one off the list....
Dole is putting 100 million #foodday stickers on bananas next week! And 11 million bags of baby carrots will sport our name too!
loves middle eastern food
OPENING DAY!!!
People really believe life is promised to you "forever".Remember ur body is being loaned to you until god collects it.Make do of your life.
Ok, my apologies. I thought this pic was you. Where are you in the world? Hope you are having a great weekend!
.as soon as my nails dry up though hahaa.
It's also what I did when I heard Shaq picked UW RT Shittu sounds like a baseball pitch in Japanese.
Good luck lady! You deserve it!
Foot Euphoria has a $30 hour massage....I might go do that.
Had a fun audition today and am now gonna go out with my hot Canadian guy... <U+2665>
Would you like more energy? Restful sleep? Pain free living? Anti-aging benefits? Patch technology is here! I use them, they work!
well at least you both know the truth, even if you're not getting royalties for it
Want to exchange follows? let's support eachother. There is a promotion site that is free on my profile.
how you doin ;)
yes, you can submit your music link to
With your online MBA program you will achieve an unparalleled level of business knowledge in all aspects of management.
"The track Before I Break by Circle7 is complete kick you in the balls chaos! We love it!"
My favorite UFC fighter is Dude fights with some serious heart
I really like everything you've put together. Keep It Up!
Definitely should meet up for a drink and hear how things are going.
grrr.. You just made getting lunch my mission =]
Trying to find someone to go and see with me next month... I really want to go!
brunch > snow
I found it online but I still can't believe it! Is this our idea of a statesman?
Unless they're related to ME, I could really give a rat's ass about Who Celebrities Think They Are, NBC.
I can't tell if you guys are flirting or arguing anymore.
"“I am only one, but still I am one. I cannot do everything, but still I can do something."
“: they'll be out soon! :D Sean's going to be releasing a solo country anthemic track soon as well...” baby lock dem doors....
Cascade Cliffs Wine tasting tomorrow night. 4-6pm
RT this if you are sick like me
hey Scott! Mark here:) good morning bro!
Reviewed in Legal Info Alert: Conducting Due Diligence in a Securities Offering [PLI]
I hate my life. Someone trade me theirs.
Either that stage is really big..Or there are very few people in the "crowd". haha.
#Pens are up again. Off to for a gig. See you somewhere around the globe.
TXT ME BULLY LMAO
Rolling in the deep is harder than it sounds.
hey will you send me that radio email? time for Bald Faced Condescension to become a reality...
For one thing, they marry later, for another thing, they die earlier
Is it just me or does it feel like the #gop is blowing this race on purpose? Seriously, how did reproductive rights become issue #1??
Tequila Dinner tonight still seats available! Call to make a reservation!
Somewhere around the Capitol, I bet is celebrating right now... RT : Caps!!!!!11
If the family were a fruit, it would be an orange, a circle of sections, held together but separable - each segment distinct.
“: wanna dance?” UNDER THE BED COVERS?
Never could understand how Green Lantern is a favorite...
And I think we all have a personal brand :)
il be damned if i didnt just get the most crucial screening lol
Jesus takes 39 stripes, 2 nails, 1 crown of thorns, for the WORLD,and cute kittens and laughing babies are more recognized than #Christ. SMH
absolutely. Emphasis on "can".. I'm embarking on a term paper about this to find out how much it's actually used. Suspect not much
Sup fellas <-- stop changing your damn s/n fool
IT'S HARD NOT TOO OK
There went another dagger into the career of THE MIZ!!
I should have read that first. Is she, though ?
Today, in 1997 Garry Kasparov ,World Chess Champion, wins first of six chess games against IBM’s Deep Blue supercomputer.
Who says chicks don't know football? (Lisa Johnson) of previews #Dolphins draft with next!
flying to Spain Murcia for the kick-off of one of the most important EU projects on IPv6: Intelen applies IoT and IPv6 on
WORLD SERIES CHAMPS!!!!!
Hey Ma, what's good?
didn't see your friends! rocked the hell out!!!!
Friendly Tip Calculator - Dining with Friends Made Easy and Free on Cinco de Mayo - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
my lips are huge they across my whole face. ayye lol
and SO funny!
sending good vibes your way!! :)
“:pressure on Indy Star headline writers tonight... crappy Luck puns.” in the world of Lucky Charms, the horseshoe was purple
Wow really
What would make someone think they could eat in the archives? Am I crazy or are they?
It was led me to it.
Gotta love Ca... thank you for smashing in my passanger window, In front of a church building on a Sunday... ironic...
Ima be playing soccer for a living and for fun cause I LOVE SOCCER <3!!!!
Riding round and I'm gettin it .... Wit my nigga dre .
lol. Its a song. Haven't u heard it?!? So was the last tweet!!!
Great! Thank you so much. How can I reach you? What's the phone number?
haha which episode are you watching? I was Obsessed with that show
ha yes i am following your ass. Doing great. lots and lots of work. How are you?!
Hi girlfriend. <3
ready to see this music video bro !
A smoothie would be nice <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Marc overdid it with the Srichacha on the leftover food he packed for my lunch.
I've heard that Hitler was also very find of his dogs.
but they do sound all fancy when u say them. Impresses the ladies at the mansion too
Thanks, Phil. You have a really dynamite team! I appreciate you saying that!
Niggas I be with everyday those my brothers they problems my problems
And now...back to
RT : There's this sweet boy battling cancer, and his biggest wish is to trend on Twitter. Let's make it happen!
I've been following since the beginning of this season I think that deserves a follow back or at least a RT
I completely agree. We're following up neural focus group work with teaching related studies right now
morning all:))
these 13 days need to just hurry up
Cast & Crew head over to Bryant Park to sneak a scene as the park org was slow in wanting to provide permit or help. Hope all goes well
At least for now that's why I have a designer. :-) I intend to avoid learning a new tool as long as possible.
Thank you so much for that:)
My blood is boiling right now... DO NOT fuck with me when it comes to my kid.
Captain Obvious
Rainy Seattle day - great for launch party hangovers and....more promotions from 5-9 :)
Ok, big one: this whole week, mention this tweet, get half off your drink between noon and 3pm. Yep, everyday this week!
"i like twitter.. follow me.. TheRealRoyc--" "WHY ARE YOU TALKING SO LOUD?"
one more exam and I'm getting wasted
so just called me transcendent. best compliment ever!
got to work extremely hard
Outta work going to get shit done.. Which means spending money I don't have
The 6 most requested songs of the day are on now! Listen in to Milwaukee's Most Wanted. It will save the polar bears. ;)
Can't wait to finally see LEO on the big screen in 3d tonight with
yo ass look like gold fish lolol
Oh ok
thank u ~ i'm recovering *grins* enjoying your tweets ;) ttfn!
hell yes! #Pittburgh is chic. end of story
It's official - I love shooting a gun.
#NeverShouldYouEver talk bout fighting me den 5min. try to be all in my face as my buddy again -_-
yay! God will use u tremendously!
Music,money, weed
So my dads comes home with a new and my mom didnt even know... Lolol
Getting Excited about my show in two days 2012 Tour+ 9pm "Detroit Stiletto Blues" Free Show of Magic Blues!
Hi 50! Lost master files to COMPLETE XML WEBSITE (purchased on ActiveDen, 2008) due to severe crash. Any way to get from you?
In the middle of no where :3 oh joy! :D
Hit us up man! Minneapolis Media Institute/ Cade Michaels Management.
And, obviously, any local Kentucky jazz musicians should get in touch with me, too. I'm in the process of getting the new site up & running.
Trying to hurry up so I can go enjoy this beautiful San Diego weather!
Ohmygod, we have a lot of things in common. <3
Congrats on the SEC series win today , , going for a Sunday sweep tomorrow
I love how 2/3s of the comments on Spokesman articles say, "We need to make big changes unless we want to be the new Detroit."
So for real: every time an auto-DM is sent out to a new follow, a kitten dies a painful death.
i was talking about game 7. But overall, the style of hockey in that series is a snooze to me. Sorry...
your such an insperationn too me!(: i love you. I hope too meet you. Follow me please?
When I Love I Love Fareal!* #CaramelBabii..!
do both : monday is never ending. the prize is @ 8pm. work is like the great molasses..do i run or yoga tonight?
.......Don't fuck with me when it comes to this subject.
Who keeps telling Ryan Evans its ok for him to shoot the three?!?! # Badgers
Judge sets bond at $175,000 for DUI manslaughter, still deliberating total bond for Guillen
- any good #Sephardic #recipes you can share?
so do we. so do we. :-/ website work for you for now?
why, thank you! I will pass the message on. So far, we had a rought start but things are improving! Review to follow.
no problem! Great seeing you today!
Where my #SXSW peeps at. Gotta break, tryin to find somethin to get into.
I see light at the end of the tunnel
can't wait to hear it.
This is Northampton: at cafe next to young couple who are discussing Shakespeare plays with their young daughter. In Italian.
F the Prius. Rex will take the solid gold bone though.
#FF to and for a great panel at #delivesf! Keep rocking the BtoB world!
if 2012 is the end of the world soon there will be
I actually believe he existed, not necessarily exists. I love that Jane Goodall believes in him.
Going to see the #Celtics vs #Pacers game tonight! :-)
Keith Sweat's Nobody. Now That's baby making music.
All I want to do is vivre la vie for real.....
Dear Mr. President, The little thing on your lapel is called a microphone. When you talk, it allows people to hear what you say.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! Xoxoxox!! Hope it's Lucki! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
off to the KEG with my broom - go
#1001CubanWaysToDie bringing a black boyfriend home..
Wtf you guys are crazy. i got him in the face -_-
I get off work at 11 am saturday and got sunday off. Woot!
cool what is fgood and new with you
whenever ppl tell me everyone's opinion matters, I ask them why they didn't invite the Klan...
That sad moment when Tumblr is down for the night. Stupid people need to stop joining, and go back to Facebook. -.-
Awesome first day of #FMFGT! Now it's time for drinks, food, and networking!
She a true Kennedy. Of course Obama lies. RT JFK’s daughter Caroline Kennedy now considers Obama a liar .
will be playing Warped Tour in Cleveland this year!!! Come out and support these bros at #Kylestock!!!
I am currently a half hour into Terrence Malick's film The Tree of Life, and I have no clue what the F Im watching right now...
Most reported having to repeat it to lose the weight again. So I don't know...
Long day
was fantastic in Teenage Dirtbag. I've loved watching him since I got hooked on Greek. Excellent casting !
Hm...my grandmother was strong and confident. Granddaddy was what folk called "henpecked". They were married for 61 years.
Rand Paul on John Stewart: Lying sack of ideological crap.
What is this bright light that is coming from the sky!?!?!? I am looking in the dictionary, apparently its called the sun???
In remembrance of my mother, I cleaned all day.
baby u light up my world like nobody else the way that u flip your hair gets me overwhelmed....
Inkwars, making me thirsty
Blacked Out!!!
Alrighty... Latin Lyric final exam in four hours. *cracks open book* *dust disperses*
You'll be alright. Pick a number and get in line. Like Otu says
I'm starting to look a little old for 30.
haha I sure will, better show me around!
The creation of something new is not accomplished by the intellect but by the play instinct acting from inner necessity. Carl Jung
Bolster your ding dang update servers, #apple! Two #iPads down!
no its not smooches love
maybe role for archival community in Philly ?
Boe Lightman~ Nature loves a burst of energy.
Thanks to Gerry Fried (composer with Quincy Jones on "Roots") & his family for stopping by and sitting in during our break !
I don't get what I ask for.. so I don't ask.
RT : Join me at #IntDesignerChat TUESDAY I'll be HOSTING the Topic: Pinterest And Blogging ~ Is This The New Designers PR?
AMEN!!! It's not only the exhaustion--my brain is turned to pop rocks at the end of the day.
I'm having a beautiful day today
iNeed to go to see my mommas....
I know I've been watching too many eps of Dirty Jobs when I hear Mike Rowe in my head narrating everything I do.
I want to start a drawing book with I think it would be epic if we combined our drawings.
Can't wait to drink some free Magic Hat #9 with you at the first League of Libations at Churchkey tomorrow night!
I'm bout to just go back to sleep . #shit Iswack
Luke ridenour looks like he mighthave downs syndrome
Then you'd better start taking a stand even if its not the popular one.
If people are projecting fears it may just be them. It's worth thinking about.
see aun aun see cause I ate twice before I left (janet jackson-friday)
Give em a follow
Hey , that's a double hiccup!
I just got accused of being "All hat, no cattle". I think that's Texan for "All blog, no revenue".
Welcoming Brenda, Till and Eva...Happy Monday!
that a lie cuz u can't beat me or imma tell Tobi
I'm so confused with the ending of How I Met Your Mother.
thanks for the call :)- good to hear your voice!
What's worse than the Dave Matthews Band? Dave Matthews thinking it's acceptable to go "solo." Somebody has an ego...
Branding message, logo, promotion: key to brand consistency in #twitter background.
i think they think its someone else, cant smell, or enjoy their stench.
yeah, I must say I'm pretty darned tickled by it!
I'm HIRSTY!!!
I love your live tweets of auditions. It makes me so ashamed of mine.
Day 1 notes - hardly any apps support iOS 3.1.3 and many older versions gone from Installous, keyboard delay, camera does not focus.
Hi jb fans. Don't u think jb is hot
221 DAYS TILL CHRISTMAS, EVERYONE! ;D
Big Thanks to artists and for their art donations to PVLA! All great pieces have homes via #unitedway raffle.
I was tempted to skip an open bar. I went with the bar.
Thanks for using ShowClix Nicole! Have a wonderful NYE :)
God damnit. I left my card at the bar. Ugh
that's why it would be rude! Haha
OMG, Jack doesn't know who #korn is!
You have a ton!
u dont know me that well
Textin me 'k' is the most annoying shyt in the world
I need to go to Marfa. ASAP.
God sent me a text! It's called The Bible!
What car would Lord Voldemort drive? Tweet us a pic and show the Dark Lord some love.
That is one spectacular lake. Do you fish?
really but ur to hot to be single
: Long day! "Talking #KYderby, the races and parties... tomorrow around 7:40 a.m. with on 102.3 The Max..."
I wasn't going to. All it was gonna say was "God forgives, Kentucky doesn't. #BeatIndiana #BBN"
got it.
pub in Milwaukee #espn #worldcup ESPN radio.
will be live on fox 5 at 8:25! wait. whoa, i'm a poet also!!
Anybody got one of those massive refuse sacks? Maybe two..
been alive for 5556 days, did the math at
Lol so stressed out about Junior year.
oh idk i just like you a lot you know.
Can't wait to get my Mac
thanks for the RT
Catching - The Avengers - today + couldn't be more excited!
hahaha just like the movie White Chicks lol
My grandmother has kicked me out of my mother's house and called me a failure once more. She said the ex knew it all too well and...
Intel's Windows 8 tablet: Checklist goes public: Chip giant proposes a long list of specifications for upcoming Windows 8 tablets.
I've concluded you're late based on the fact there is not one single person around in any of those shots. :)
Ready for the festivities tonight!!
Battery life !
Sometimes we wonder who would win in a fight: Rocky or ? The answer is always Rocky
Life is far too short to live it by other people's standards. Do you; the rest is secondary.
Thanks for the follow Caroline!!!
A one armed bear walks into a bar. He says, 'I'm looking for the guy who shot my pa".
Wow!Is that a lemborghini!or what!Thats pretty AWSOME!
This time next month I will be boarding the Paradise cruise ship with the love of my life to head to the Caribbean for a week!!
Organic Glow Website officially LAUNCHED! www.oglowtan.com - Spread the Glow!
Join us this Wednesday for award winning author Jane S. Smith's program on Chickens! 10:30 a.m. -- free with admission!
I see his movie pop up on netflix, Watchin it while listening to bammer bammer bammer
because its 2012 hahaha. Better see you soon!
Yes, it does. Anywho When are we talking about your reel.
I am who I am baby! lol
Not me.
Our HOST hotel is sold out, the overflow hotels are posted online now starting at only $99. Email us for tel #
my twitter feed just exploded. And I can't watch the game.
I heard you make some killer sushi?? Looking forward to having some son!
no invite... bitch!
This day is pointless. I just want to be done
obviously.. whores these days lol
Yes, those are the other opportunities. Let me know if you want me to get you in touch with our bus dev team for booth/sponsor info
I called into #CinemaInNoir but didn't get through. I wanted to chime in about Bridesmaids.
your right glen coco >everyone else . And because we turn to books in our most desperate times it seems like lmao
Yeah Ithacaaaaa! RT Yes!!! Great job
Sometimes, a mid-afternoon nap is all you need.
maybe I should stick with a fruit cup
PRAYING AMONG THE PEOPLE (Prov 18:14; Matt 4:23) The spirit of a man can endure his sickness, but only Jesus can heal him amen. #Sir Court
So many different emotions people go through. Always remember to be considerate of others.
turkey hunting season is just around the bend YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Doubt it... Wait, what percentage of people don't have access to the web? Babies, impoverished, etc. >2%
follow yuur shoulder?):
I just ate a baked potatoe w/sour cream and butter.Yummy but fattening, I know!
Meek Mill Im On One Freestyle >
yea I DNT skip nothing from begin to end .. but.. its audio dope my nigg
Quote of the Day "It's not what you are, but what you don't become that hurts."
.: Success is dangerous because often you don't understand why you succeeded. - Mark Pincus, CEO and Founder of
I am president now, and tired of being kicked around. --William Howard Taft
depends on the political economy of these new "nation state" social networks and who has what rights over what data
Workplace of the future connecting w nature - latops for all on the rooftop terrace and rain garden
still feels like crap, but gonna try to suck it up & go to school..
Please stop spamming us thanks
homes is going in, if I fall of this ledge am sitting on, it wont be the drank in my hand I blame it on,
Washington state golfers. The free GolfWashington app has added a new button. It is the rules book. Must have in your pocket while playing
I can't wait til' this #hardwork pays off, y'all won't be able to catch me....lol you think I'm on the move now..... #smh this is nothing
I have the worst mother.
hey twitter srry i am late tweeting when i got up i had to goto the store and go mail a few things but i am back!
Ahh that's whatsup! thank you <3 and nothing at a show you?
Gotta go to G,A n chill wit family
How high was the bridge again?
Fiona Apple at Cain Park on July 6th. That is all.
Falcons are so graceful
Time to shave.
adventurous journey took them places of magic wonderment. Amar Ayar’s Zanbeel an endless pit of stories of wonderland, magic and fantasy.
Best part of teaching is telling kids to be quiet & fill in their bubbles. Am I right or am I right?!
Bird-phoners: In honor of Audubon's b-day, the Audubon Birds app is on sale for iPhone or Android for 99 cents through Monday
Thanks for the shoutout
everyone is awesome!!!
Enrique Iglesias - Dirty Dancer ft Usher (Music Video)
Looking forward to joining you in the coming months.
": you can be allergic to pancakes?"
Chef Jose Duarte NYC Bureau live at 5 PM EST maybe I will run into and say hi!
Any man I date had better either already love or be prepared to listen with me every weekend.
Bless you Bishop
“: AHH i want one. i miss you :( #sadtweet” Omg I miss u too love!!! How are u, tell me everything.
Given my multiple responses to your Tweet it begs the question... Still happy you butted in Andy?!? :-)
Adios Dallas, Moto is out. Paris get ready here we come
Under Armor to add 550K SF of #officespace to #LocustPoint campus. Molasses tanks moved. Replaced by athletic field. More good
Ugh. So not feeling well today. Stomach stop revolting against my body. I didn't mean to upset you!! D:
Now I want an Acura :)
Adding "North Korean" to describe a type meth kind of takes away all of the glamour, you know?
Bored af mane.
thank you for everything you and do to continue to motivate the public to support
I am running. You better! :p
when not in one. Because then you don't really have anyone else to blame : )
the series of baby lions that you pinned today just melted my heart during my study break
When I check out someone's blog and in their about me they say they live in Narnia...
I'm so relaxed
Didn't have water at the house... so we had to spend the afternoon swimming in the bay. What a shame... :)
Just found out my computer will be here on the 14th. I can't wait to start rendering these scenes.
I did not look at his nut orchard, thank you very much.
Yeah, that's just wrong!
Right back at ya homie.
Thanks for sharing 's blog Kiri!
Have mercy indeed.
fun production has sadly been shut off near arroya seco.....
Baylor is 1-5 this season vs Kansas & Missouri.. The only two teams they played that are even close to UK's talent level overall
I am blown away that the megamillions jackpot has increased $100million in the last 24 hours.
Who Want To Come With Me And Get My <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085> Did
oh ok. Great year man. Proud of u! jb wants to go shoot at the hoop. Is that where it is?
- Did u hear about the gay man who was balling when he got to London only to find out that "Big Ben" was a clock?
AMAZING WOMAN. excited for tour. i'm gonna pay the most expensive prices. I hope there are VIP tix to meeth er.
They absolutely would disagree and in a certain way they would be right.
Had a fantastic large group of students from CPS last night at Corazón. Thanks to them for coming out and their awesome questions after!
im 16...but i still like Cody haha all my friends are like ewww...and im like ohh shut up already. get over it haha haha
lookin for a nice broom for tomorrow
Work hard play harder!!! TGIfriday!
The only thing I'm completely aware of other than my love for the amazing people that surround me is that the universe wants me to succeed.
AW THANKS BD!
@ the Library: fonts have great names. I'll be downloading "dimestore hooker" just for the hell of it.
Are they supposed to be announced soon?
Guy on train just asked me who won #Yankees #Orioles (it's tied) so he could tell me he doesn't care & would rather watch HS baseball.
Happy #AprilFools everyone!
Taking this as the sign I know He meant it to be..
I need some headphones badly
I swear my mom is a dementor. She sucks all my optimism and happiness straight out of my soul.
Haha, I didn't realize my love for Joe Gordon-Levitt was so widely known.
Pray for me people. Thank you in advance.
I guess.. the day when will follow us is coming up soon!!!!
NW: ROLL BOUNCE WITH MEAGAN GOOD IN IT
TODAY I will make a difference in someone's life!
Everyone is in jeans here - especially the ones who stayed all night!
It must have been a Ceviche night, sold out in 2 hours!
just got home from a lovely dinner with :)
thanks for putting together a great spread and a great event!
You're right. Thanks for the reminder.
Okay, Luai got lost a bit and did an extra 1/2 mile. We're down to 7 minutes ahead of schedule.
People see this staged fakery for what it is...
Thank you and for a beautiful yoga class this morning!
Love , but it's strange that I'm more self-conscious abt sharing reading list than I am abt sharing my genome!...
Walk out tommorow Save the arts Lmao
morning or night...i want have kids and i won't be as scattered --i might actually have a full, uninterrupted convo:) thoughts??
OH hey I have a formspring lmbo
Drove by "Gazeem Funeral Home" today and now Aladdin is on TV.
I completely agree!
BIG SMILES
WHAT JUST HAPPENED!!!! WOO RAISE IT BITCHES!!!!!!
I love those boys who spit poetry instead of tabacco juice.
Always keep it real with me, and i'ma keep it real with you.
#chill #chill #chill #chill #chill #chill #chill #chill #chill #chill !(;
i really want to see mac miller with wiz khalifa.
So true! ": Wake up...Put on reggae music... I promise it will make your day better."
Did u learn anything new, Austin ? <U+2665>
: mine's "4: a nice person".
Does anybody have any video from the Release Show in Jacksonville? We need some and would love to see it!
I ain't nobody big yet
Drink>Talk #truestory RT wth do bars play music so loudly? its not cool to have to yell at your dinner friends
At Fashion In Detroit !
NY1's broadcast of public comments hearing on MTA budget cuts is heartening..
why is it always so hard to get back into the swing of things after a holiday weekend?
I may have spent all last week in Mexico, but that doesn't mean today isn't Taco Tuesday.
Thanks, Anne! We love you as much as you love us! What fun would a NFL game be without the gorgeous cheerleaders?!
Crown Kings rocking @ catch 22 tonight. 930pm. The weekend is here!
#sxswi Programming and Minimalism talk about punk with no mention oh the Ramones. Travesty
Cool, just wanted to verify before slipping any Baby Aegon references in.
Good meeting today with management team....now its time to start booking gigs
Good luck with that. I know just how you feel.
I'm for team with most points...if ya didn't understand da safety call in 1st quarter you'll not understand my strategy...
Congrats! Which fest? Promote at but also around fest starting at least a few days before fest even begins.
Bring it on, Tornadoes.
Things are getting seriously out of hand in the markets today. Can the crash preventors/market manipulators get any leverage?
BOM-Bring Own Music
Spending time w/ my sister <U+2764>
Perhaps we'll have to bring a bottle camping?
Dunhill Wallet Uses Biometrics to Protect Your Cash
hey yea I did just got to get my Hair done I'm ready :)
Featuring Healthy / Fitness Products the month of March! Have a product or service you want featured? Let us know!
just shot you an email!
Off to breakfast then too the farmers market. Gonna be a great day in NYC
dm I wonder if we could leverage you product and our efforts in Edu as a case study?
I as well. Hope to possibly see you down in San Diego sometime? :D
being a firefighter is like having another family, they love you, need you, and are there for you. THANK GOD FOR FIREFIGHTERS! <3
just for limited amounts of time. Otherwise I get cold wet feet. Luckily just a fine coat of snow here. Mild winter
Air Display is a vacationing developer's best friend. Not quite the huge monitor I'm used to at work, but it'll do just fine…
Thanks for the mention! RT : A big THANK U 2 new members who cameout last night!
The Asians at my school have a group called S.W.A.G. It means Something.We.Asians.Got. - wow, I wish I was Asian...
Bout 2 go 2 rest my 2girls want 2 sleep n the bed w/me so I mite not get much sleep!
" Be Wise, Be Kind, Be True.
RT : #Taurus is not intimidated by anyone.
"After a time, you may find that having is not so pleasing a thing, after all, as wanting. It is not logical, but it is often true."
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is for a guy to be straight up with her from the very beginning. quit beating around bushes & playing games.
Looking for new DJs and fresh faces for June! Who and what would you like to see???
So nice out I'm going to bed after class
still got that SnapBack for you!
Miss my boo.. she's working hard brushing teeth. :P <3 u.
True <U+2665>, Love's without judgement or the need to get revenge and is accepting of Everyone in whatever reality they may find themselves in.
Why not "edible pillows"??????
I've been sick a lot, and I've had a pretty shitty two months. I swear I've smoked 7 packs of menthols in 2 weeks.
where yal at?
Join us tonight for #YPNChat at 8 PM CDT with special guest
Learn more about the evolution of the 'Skin We're In" - www.stutzartspace.com/?p=286
I hear the X-Men and Avengers are going to clash in a mini-series coming out soon.
I don't know why I miss your volatility and craziness but my god, why aren't you here with me?
Triple overtime?!?
You don't miss a beat, do you Leslie? You are one busy PR lady!!
AMEN!! Sun is shin ing and its 71 and I cant wait to give you the biggest hug tomorrow. You look amazing BTW
My Dad with the quote of the night. "Caught in a cravate, huh? I hate when that happens."
great orgs helping the homeless
Go on my soundcloud and give me feedbackk if you has good taste!!
so what is everyone doing???
R your trax published?? Contact us
you guys rock and exemplify the ultimate level of customer service! thank you!!!
Investment in al-bawader from israeli Arabs, Jews, Palestinians, British, US investors. - Hazzan.
So Oakland and Boston lost today.. Hopefully one of my favorite teams will win tonight! RANGERS!!
Refuses to refund ticket monies for dying flyer. Charges $100 for a carry on. Spirit Airlines lacks the human spirit. Despicable.
Here comes the rain again. Falling on my head like a memory. Falling on my head like a new emotion.
The Crying of Lot 49 and Mr. Belding in the same episode of
*you're* whos the joke now
ah man... Jealous. Have a good time. bring some beer and those Colorado Blue Skies back
you could talk about your favorite music #YeahImLame or give some let-down girls some of your fantastic words of wisdom :)
#Np cupid shuffle
Tweet me anything that u liked on Twitter of the year 2011! RT!
*high fives* :)
of course. :)
Not good or bad...just exposure of what you've been thru.
Omg I wanna laugh so bad right now
It's so funny, but I truly believed that North Carolina was ready to join the 21st century.
Don't get this Greg Williams witch hunt! What is a NFL coach supposed to say "hm make sure you tackle him slowly!" it's a damn contact sport
last episode of 20khz ("hot ass beat clap") with Nate streaming now on WZBC!
probably cause she wasn't cute
Thanks for the follow! New PC coming into the house next week - will bring our old one by for you to recycle and donate.:)
Who will be my 100th follower?
I have died every day waiting for u darlin don't be afraid I have loved u for a thousanr years I'll love u for a thousand more :-)
Lol... keep grinding... u over there doing too much... lol
Thanks for the RT! :)
thanks. I'm a mochaccino fan myself.
The #woodford barrel is chosen. Should be bottled and at #mgmgrandlv within a few weeks. Next up? #jackdaniels barrel tomorrow morning!!
Pussy run everything fuck that noise!
I think I might have a cavity. I've NEVER had one before :(
Happy Mother's Day lovey!
been doing good just getting settled in to the new spot and you
After careful thought, I've decided someone w/ extremely chapped lips (think razors on the face) was so desperate they stole it
Clay Ctr is a great place.Enjoy!
hope you are enjoying the lecture!
Hey thanks for coming tonight!!!!!!! :)
Street Smart
Is it obvious that the #Knicks fans don't think to much of #Lebron?
your stream skips non-stop on iheartradio on both of my Droids, any help, hard to listen to your show anymore
I'm from - DM me if you're interested.
Its a vanity thing. I'm 59, last I checked.
Hurricane is out there, are u ready? We can help. www.vcassociates.org or 305-232-3344
cool, i want a big flashy hummer k?? lol ill chat with ya in a bit, candyland time
How many of Fake Nate's followers are at a Ky Derby party, watching on TV, AT the Derby, or don't care about the #KYDerby?
$200 ounces, every day! Top shelf strains included!
something something something. and something else. I never know what to tweet anymore... Buttholes.
Holy smokes, do I really only have the concluding chapter to do?! I think I'm going to try to sleep again before tackling it.
BITCH BETTER HAVE MY HONEY!
Yum! I'm on my way to get breakfast as well (to the CVS for precisely the same stuff). Ugh.
#customerservice The customer is always right, right?
Do you have any plans to volunteer this weekend? Tell us about them!
We need Stelena, who's stelena?
This 2 great people on Twitter & SO GO FOLLOW THEM RIGHT NOW, GONNA BE IN MY MAHONESCARPBOOK, IM CHECKING!!
Thank you for the fantastic follow suggestions! Starting one heckuva list thanks to you.
for a late lunch. Love the veggie!
Evidently, we are still leaning and rocking with it.
“If you want your business lasting, build it based on friendship.”
RT-Is it ever too early to start drinking? - Na not for and Oakland boss
Thanks for coming out to the Huey LongNeck Historic Pub Crawl last night! We look forward to your upcoming story.
We love our #vegas locals and on Thursdays you will always get into for FREE!!
Everyone is entitled to an opinion in America but is a fucking dumbass for trying to equate & America together
Thank you!!<3
This looks pretty interesting. Any idea about the coverage of small or tiny businesses in this dataset?
Holy crap having kiss in your user name's the worst! Think that's why I get spammers. The latest 1 had a gross pic. Good thing I <3 my job.
hope u have a great morning! I can remember my dreams for about 10 mins when I wake up, then gone!
(: heaven tell me how to make a change<3
aw I really hope that works out for you.
do you have kids sizes, available at stadium?
may i ask whats going on in the event?
My twitter is being hacked btw :( just so you guys know
Will Alley's materials from today on STEM slide design be posted anywhere?
HAPPY SOCIAL MEDIA DAY! Celebrate with us tonight 5PM!!!
OMG!! havent been on here in forever!! i lost most of my followers :/ anyone wanna help me get them back??
Thanks for the follow - right back at ya!
why did you cut out your toes ? I wanna see them pretty little thangs !
sounds like fun!
Salem preparing for tomorrow night's Temporary Services lecture at University of Maine.
This Just in: When Romney was 2yrs old, he drew on his parents' walls with crayons!!! Alert your friends and neighbors!!
have you used tweepi
nice. Yeah I go to about 10-12 a year now
Tonight: Internationally acclaimed Richard Zeller's Recital, Theater Art's Mountain Language/Zoo Story, and White Bird: Oslund. Call 4 info!
6:00 pm still work for you?
Had a productive day of #writing and submitting work today.
After writing the script you should be able to visualize the finished video. Changing the script is easier than changing video.
"Love's went to Hell, and so have i."
Thanks for the congrats! Sounds like you have a cool car too... love to see pics!
I have zero patience
Thanks! Y'all are awesome.
Dear blueberry donut, how I love you so. Thank you for being my friend to the end. You made me so happy this morning. Love, Me.
's about to perform in my city and i'm at home. i would quote white girl problems but i'm asian
hahaha!!! Yes we should put espn stuff on our page
": Talking Heads - Psycho Killer - another classic track on OGWT BBC4 'I'm a real live wire'" Another gr8 way 2 end a Friday!
The thought of that scares me, aggravates me, and hurts me. If its true. That's the end of it. Can't let that go.
:D You never know....it could happen
RT if your Online And A Mahomie & Acon. -Ally
Hahahaha. OMG. This killed me dead. Just don't actually follow through on this hashtag
yeah, I was thinking SAC or Palo Alto. Don't take it there. The teacher was my teacher and she was ridiculous. Always late
#questionsthatdontgetanswers Why haven't you answered my calls?
yes! If you're in the area, come!
Coming Momentarily on OBRag: The Psychology of a ‘Political Sociopath’ And What This Means for San Diego
If you can guess my favorite song right now, I will follow you instantly and give you a shout out!
You're god damn right it's a beautiful day, uh-huh....
Auto correct ruins lives...*Bumgarner
Fantastic! Thanks :)
And Harry potter marathon! Haha too bomb!!.
Happy Sweetheart Day to all my dear friends!
Best over heard call of the day at the office: "Is this DQ? Um I was just wondering if you had any specials on Blizzards right now?"
that goes for most people in general
why are you so beautiful?
You guys were great on the VMA's!!!
My mother bought herself a new computer!
RT : RT Follow and RT to get more followers Thank you!
Shout-out to for sorting roughly 300 kids into their majors and setting up rotations for other arts classes!
88% lean meat patties partner.
Well, I see some BTF Facebook posts in the future.
How We Gone Work Out, Then Go To McDonalds?? Tht Just Defeat The Purpose!! Lol. Smh..
That dress is absolutely beautiful BTW.
Boom I so called it
My work clothes no longer get clean when I wash them. They just smell a little bit better.
So alarm was supposed 2 go off @ 1:30am. Ive been up since 1am off to Indy for the race.
i do not live in italy i live in pennsylvania in the usa
Have you started training? K-Trax Athletics is offering running classes to help you prepare for the K-Trax Invite: ktraxathletics.com
Looking forward to seeing the post. Have fun with the talk...
These kids in calc are really passing notes to each other.
just my body's natural aversion to winter.
agreed, had me at: "site design and development was to remain device agnostic"
THAT DRESS & THAT HAIR
No they are playing like the lakers when dallas swept them last year :) Hawks always start fast and fade faster :)
sorry girls I had to drive my mom to the mall. She had to go shopping for Hawaii. Now im back :D
Watching The Simpsons with Viggle Mon | 18 | MyTV Get real rewards just for watching TV.
So effin' true RT : Everyone seems normal until you get to know them.
well, that's part of the problem at tWWL & why I thought he'd be better served with nbcsn
Norris Cole dunked?!
SocialVolt is attending #socialIRL this morning with and
Class and then heading up to Orlando for our meet tonight. Hip flexor, you are not going to get in my way.
Wow so your law degree absolves u from accepting SC unanimous decision ? Shouldn't u practice what u preach ?
Where's your car?
Romona Hotel and Casino Tonight!! Pretty Rockin at the Poker Tables
Down by 30 w 3 min left in the 3rd CP3 be thinking, we got this!
We could never have loved the earth so well if we had had no childhood in it. ~George Eliot
gimme a break. Skate never left the ice AND Zubrus dove.
Yes. Glad it stopped raining, the sun is out now!
CONGRAGULATIONS TO BEYONCE for giving birth to a baby girl! I know she will be an AMAZING MOTHER! :)
Gym is always a nice break in between all that web work.
I do know some that are married too it.. there knows as the People who call me who i send straight to voicemail.
Just found the cutest Peanuts Valentines Day card for my Mama!
loved cirque du soir !!
I remember watching the 1st epi of Desperate Housewives 8 yrs ago & thinking,,this won't make a full season..Mike wrong
My parents and sister get annoyed when I always talk about Justin Bieber. But I just say"hey I'm a fan.There is nothin you can do about it!"
I can be fat if I want to, fat if I want to, you would be fat if it happened to you.
mmbby when and where when and where and i am there!
WE are State General and State Roofing Contractors www.vcassociates.net 305-232-3344.
I'm off 2day & I'm cooking sum brkfast RT I wonder where and are??? they have been MIA for a min
- Thank you for letting us recruit volunteers in your branches! We really appreciate it! :)
I'd really like to see the #Texans beat the #Ravens, but whoever wins this game MUST beat the #Patriots!
li love <3 haha a little late but w/e :)
thanks! make sure to share it!
that's besides the point, but I can say I do recycle them. Lol
Thanks! We are very excited. It's our favorite city. Now, I just need to finish my project, sell house, move, etc...
I love my friend Jayla we new each other since last year everyday I go too school with her we alway seem to do the same thing!!!!!
This may already be the play of the game for Atlanta
Meimei looks like someone shot endorphins right into her heart when I get home from work. Does it get any better than that?
This #Rangers #Capitals game sponsored by Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts & every coffee co worldwide to get you through your sleepy day tomorrow
Really? A 38 on the front with all those missed putts. Benny needs to practice his stroke...CHYEAH
At it's a program of that works to provide loans to small businesses.
that's what's up.
Finally the day is over <U+263A>
Some Collin Facts and stats will be posted tomorrow night.
Time is love. Gotta run. I'd love to stay longer but i got someone, who waits for me.<3(:
Who's dreaming about the #MegaMillions drawing today? Any #onlyinpgh things you'd do with your winnings?
In Downtown LA, maybe, yes, but Hollywood is greenfield drive-in strip mall territory.
happy to see pals and in the 2012 dConstruct line up. Looks like a stellar lineup for the whole conf!
best azz in the world real talk...........im sprung
Nerve wrecking.
we can be found under #Israel :)
#ONSPresidents take the high road because they put the group before themselves
#imagine you and Liam are in a restaurant and he starts to seduce you. you: not here. Liam: then let's go to the bathroom ;)
Less than 2 days until #CulturalCrawl 2012 kicks off! We can't wait.
#bestbadreview of the day: "I had a piece of pie here that was so awful I could not finish it... And I'm fat."
A situation arose that he can not get past so he and his kids moved out
The hex rally vs the aggie lifestyle? You're reaching now.
We are kickin off a new series tomorrow night.. JESUS >____... 5&7pm..
To the very backbones of our society, our Moms, have a very Happy Mother’s Day!
you are awesome. Thank you.
going to the ballpark tomorrow for the day game. Hope he hits a few!
I love when on Loiter Squad the put kittens on people's faces
Every day is a shorts and flip flops day.
you could have but you unfollowed me aha
Err, premieres. My tumtum is not a parliamentary democracy.
I'm thinking the best way to end this awful week and weekend is an impromptu trip to NYC to see Shelby Lynne.
So I guess that if I don't text you first then we don't talk at all?..
feel better xo
Forever is a long time, but I wouldn't mind spending it by your side. <U+E022>
India Arie anyone?
In class today we are visiting: Japan, Damascus, Jerusalem, Mexico, Acadiana, and DEATH! I love teaching
Do you know what it's like to feel so in the dark. To dream about a life where your the shining star.
you should avoid questions of popularity and focus on romance!!!
Has anyone seen Roberto Luongo? He's way late to the game...
I got a hammy.
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-41
first you take my money now my lemonade whats next my cloths ?
Blondes everywhere rejoice! #Starbucks is soon releasing a special blend just for you!
Reading a book called BLOODY MONEY PART I
Go to Fulton's!
#KSsynapse Zoghbi: This is strong evidence for MeCP2 playing a maintenance role in normal neurological function.
i just got my electricity back on :-) hehe!!
Thank you! And how are YOU doing?
Well that was weird. Cicadas all just stopped like someone pulled the power cord and they all fitzed out. And now it's really quiet.
Congrats to Karissa - scored tix to Sugarland Thur nite in Toledo! 1 more pair to give away tomorrow, and this time I'm gonna make it EASY!
like sometimes i wonder why people are ACTUALLY so dumb
I just heard that a lot of the time your body rejects the surface bars. It hurt badly though?:(
Clothes swap 2011 was a great success. This will become an annual event, mark my words!
Job seekers, if you don't know what you want to do next, don't hire a resume writer. We can't help without a clear target audience.
im so ready to quit school & work and become a legit beach bum
Shout out to all the MILFs in the world today
No more stair accidents =) haha
#operationfindnextgf Gotta love cuddling and watchin movies
Thanks for the follow. Love the skyline backdrop. Do you have roots in Chicago or do you just have great taste?
Well, I'm kinda glad Malkin moves on in the NHL13 cover vote. At least it's real news about Penguins hockey, + a Flyer lost.
Just saw this tweet :( Hope you feel better! Do you think it might b a sinus infection? I've had them like that.
Terrific Tuesday we shall have it no other way
No my baby victor cruz is out :\
bro miss you, how are you? Evrything is ok?
Now for a two minute break.
I live in NYC!!
Ew. Just say NO to summer school. That's an even more serious "just say no" than "just say no to drugs"!
depends on capital needs, gaps in team, network, etc. Mix of VC, angel, other has been valuable for OnChip
My Mom Called Me n said the show she went to I gave her the tix for was great. *THE GOOD SON*
Open House tomor night 5pm-8pm! Just got in 3 amazing olive oils - new zealand, greece & cali! You'll be amazed at how different they taste!
Check out SoundGarage Pro from the android market.Stream and download tracks to ur Droids!
Is there any of our friends not buying a poster? How much are the variants?
Downloading the new beat tape for tonight and got my Avengers ticket for Sunday.
dick!!! I just want a piece!!
Those who can't tweet Instagram pictures of their kids.
I think I want to learn more about her :)
Needs someone to wait in line for me Thursday night to grab the foams. Inquire within for details and pay.
my dog eats the cat shit out of the litter box does anyone else have this problem>GRIPEABOUTIT.COM PEOPLE
lmaooo that's krazy I know he like wtf happen to the floor cuz he was fucked up
I'm so excited and so thankful to have my photography featured in ZINK magazine later this month!!! So happy!!
Had to do some administrative stuff. Not nearly as fun as a photo shoot but has to get done.
I've been looking at South Beach all day on MSNBC. Why aren't I living in South Florida by now?
hug him and kiss his cheeck... I wish tho
Welcome to Paraskevidekatriaphobia, brought to you by Friday the 13th :)
best has to be MJ
awww love it!
Boris Diaw has been released by More to come ...
hah physical or what?
Spring Forward, more daylight!
Sounds good
Fade to black, show the names, play that happy song.
RT : Sure thing. You just learn to let the hallucinations work FOR you, not against you. >>haha This is why I love you.
that is song is stuck in my head
Ok now much better we cooling
that's fucking horrible!
I'm wondering if it's on a bunch of decorating blogs or shows or something.
I liked the bit they did for a while where he was playing with twitter on the show.
Fla definitely tightening up
HOLY COW! BGC MADNESS! CAN'T WAIT 4 SOMETHIN' BIG 2 HAPPEN!!!
Fujifilm Holdings Completes Acquisition of SonoSite
Congratulations to Mike Eaves on win #200. Tomorrow we go for win #201!
nice to meet you as well!
Why can't you BE your own person..
hey goof balls!!! Aaron Cunningham is from Washington! Played college baseball at Everett CC.. I coached him.. Come on!
Sorry to everybody for the DM crap, I was hacked & if you clicked on it, you probably got hacked too :(
I don't even skate anymore
Alright, you got the Avi up! Looks great! ;-)
Larry. Larry. I was calling you Larry. Larry.
Today at lunch and I were given maple syrup with our sweet potato fries! We have never heard of this!
First time watching it. I've heard nothing but good things.
The fact that some people can find hatred, envey and disharmony but not peace, love and respect is a great mystery.......
saw the coolest mural on smithfield street yesterday. hopefully will be able snap a photo today.
all directioners will watch , and cheer u on:)
Its all in the letter.
WATCH, GIVE, and RETWEET! ://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVkU4_EOTuI
Have you ever looked at a video of Charles Manson & realized you dress exactly like him? Just me?
Anxiety attacks are terrible and I really hate having to take antidepressants. Urg
What I hate about Twitter: finishing a good tweet, having -1 characters left.... and then having to decide which grammar crime to commi
Yeah the other spot was in Ambridge. Once that's up and running (months from now) they'll start looking in Moon again :(
Visiting the local #WorkSource office today and speaking with a #Veterans Services Rep - using all my resources to find my next great job!
follow me so I can message you back!!
texting girls
Curried mayo: Hot Curry paste or powder + Mayo + lemon juice (may need a touch sugar or honey).
I know it's a great tool, but what tool works if you don't use it? I'm trying, I'm trying... Found you on there, though.
oh! Thanks!
The most important single ingredient in the formula of success is knowing how to get along with people
Librarian carrying an extravagantly patterned hobo bag
aye, climax just came on >>>>
It's interesting that has been quiet for the past week given with what has happened.
we brought the film to Molins festival.
28 days left? Ok
Know I'm too late, but Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone
S/O to : New arrivals are looking sick!
Just reading this post now. Really interesting. Was not aware of these changes at Open University.
1 pm EDT. Topic is about mental health and the
#MOSDOHevent Gov. Nixon recognizes ATSU for its excellence in education.
Tomorrow is the big day am so excited #NSNDVD <3 and
Only time you'll see me planking , is when im on ya' girl .
Thank you and welcome all new followers!! All of the support is greatly appreciated.
#SheDefinitelyAHoe if you're at a party and every guy can say he got that.
Countdown to Kottarras and the Diamond Dancers is one hour from now at ! Come on down!
Hey Austin guess what ? ;)
I'm so bored let's do something, i done slept the day away.
Just watched the new show #Awake. Seems confusing and very interesting. Look forward to seeing more.
open to close in this bitch
If you get held for contempt, does that mean Sunday dinner is off? My lovely dessert will go to waste! ;-)
WE would like to take a moment to recognize the horrible situation Japan is facing. Our thoughts and prayers go out to all who are affected
Cuba Gooding Jr directed by Fred Savage in a sequel to a recent Eddie Murphy movie is a day not wasted!
Special prayers for Egypt. <3
I messed up bro, ! Haha
Spicy tomato sauce and braised tofu over swiss chard with local cheese
couldn't put that book down this summer!
Jesus taught me kungfu.....and i plan to use it
I will follow your wine & food sites for Louisville...Thanks Charlie
Thanks for following us at #Acting In LA!
Follow for expert political commentary and brilliant, idiosyncratic responses
There probably nasty
~This is truly going to be the best Christmas ever!!!
If I could get to tweet to her followers that I make beats...that'll be so kool!
A full day at APA, so much fun!
On our way to
haha true...well I'm still waiting to hear back from school about that shit
I can't believe that I'm The Bachelorette when I'm on vacation. I killed cable and rarely watch tv and I can't stop watching this trainwreck
My fat (cow)orker thinks its cute to be mean to me and cut me off when im talking
Once again the forums save the day!
has been up since 5am to go to spin class and now it's 9:30am-- I'm beat!
The contraptions used for a pedicure scare me more than most things.
I see Soleil now and forget that she was once 'Punky Brewster'. She has certainly grown up into a beautiful woman.
: 's book is coming out (US) in March & she's appearing Be sure you all give her a big US welcome!
RT : lol but they harmless.. It's them damn rats w. wings ( birds ) you gotta worry about...LMMFAO!!!! U RIGHT
God dammit. The good day has to be brought down by bullshit.
When someone ignores your text, But then wants to text you later.
I have a feeling that by the end this week I will get into a fist fight with
YOU WILL BE PART OF THE NANNY STATE AND YOU WILL LIKE IT
We are looking forward to our iSchool Faculty Planning day!
Beer fans: We're tapping Ninkasi's ultra-limited Quantum Pale Ale at 8pm tomorrow, 2/29! Only one keg - when it's gone, it's gone!
Am researching health insurance for some Austin-based start-ups; anyone have advice on best and worst agents/institutions to consider here?
Lift and run. I try to never run more than a few miles. I get bored.
Booked a part in a Feature Film! :)
Congrats Jill!
and 1993th is for 's birthday, and 1997th is for 's birthday... See what you started????
Ah jo don't do em like that
#EastwoodMoment When Ian Decides To Walk To The Airport Cause He Thinks Its Faster!
Fans of , , Please tune in to 93.3WMMR now for some love from the PIT!! Wmmr rocks!! Thanks!
Happy birthday you old af yo!
and that's another "question" I have -> the "thank you... I guess?" lol - you are welcome -> no guessing needed! ;)
Or call- (866) 206-7986 and update your info with our customer support center.
Sounds good, who am i billing though?? :)
this houseboat is making me sea sick.
Correct answer: Indeed.
Moving and selling a bunch of my stuff. Lets skype tomorrow
& btw Always callin ur girl a bitch means thts all ur capable of holdin down. Stfu & accept tht u cant do any better than that bitch either!
good news Indy Racing is coming back to Auto Club Speedway
#Giro Taylor #Phinney is tough. In bocc' al lupo, you're looking good out there so far pal!
I'm kind of infatuated with 's personal webpage. Easily among the coolest I've ever seen. Minimalism at its best.
Wonderful reading by Glen Retief at tonight's Bluegrass Writers Studio event. THE JACK BANK is Glen's memoir of S. African childhood.
ASU cuts the lead to 7-5 in the 4th on a sac fly. 1 down
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Cauliflower and Mushroom. Sugar-free lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
Going to massage school you guys. I want to be ready when Tom Cruise ages into his 'Travolta phase'.
I forgot how beautiful full bleed looks on.. everything.
My Name Iz_ Loud Pac Luchi Thats But Of Course Off Tha Very Tips Of My Vocal Cords Said Properly Part Ackwardy Cuz My Presence Iz Unorthidox
I miss you already, gorgeous! Come back! Editing your vid for - you are so awesome on camera!!! Luv you! <3
Its a #blessing to b Back in #Charlotte... made it home safe
Well, I'm estimating. And probably exaggerating a lot.
Been living out of a suit case since pops past. It's time to clean it out & repack. Multitasking watching Kyle XY Season 3.
Also, there is no more stupid day than today to return a book to the Columbia University libraries.
I've decided that for 2012, #pickles are the new
Thanks! We're looking forward to dropping some knowledge on you. :)
Are we talking about Alayzsha....She is awesome and so demanding. lol
the Ghost Inside show is OCT 15th btw! get them fast I only have a few!!
I think that the #B1G had a bad rap since 2006. And you know what Herbie said was run with by everyone south of the Mason-Dixon
RT Uh oh...'s got a BIG surprise for his fans...RETWEET this for a chance at some GIVEAWAYS & GIFTS
pre-1st day of training gluttony? :)
Need Accent Modification services? LAVT is a certified provider of The Compton P-ESL Program! Pronouncing English as a Second Language!
Of course! Thanks for having me. Looking forward to chatting again soon. Hopefully I didn't break your camera.
Karmas caught up to me. Shit. Now image stop worrying about girls, it'll all come into place soon enough.
I need myself a #cirocbitch like
how do you know with out the salary cap# being set?
i was just heading to Chicago. Only 90 minutes, but 90 unproductive minutes, nonetheless.
She went back to Texas May 2.
Just got a shout out and Triumph by Wu-Tang Clan played for me on 90.9....WORD!
Thanks Mitch for the retweet! Hope it will help you and your followers :-) Have an awesome week!!
That is fine I will cease doing so.
and critics argue that this volume of "death" desensitizes players to the reality of death, reality in general.
#womencantresist random flowers on her porch.
'Another indie ad advertiser who cares!' probably would have been more clear as 'Another indie ad advertiser that cares!' :)
love the outline
we should go to Partridge someday &watch a movie.c:
Can't believe this game, Creighton falling every play, and creighton has thrown a punch without an ejection, explanation?
Get Social. Make Money. 9920azsocial.weebly.com
+1 RT Yeah, if Mr Holland's Opus is on, I'm gonna watch it.
So how are you liking being a Hannah in this cultural moment, and am I the 100th person to bring it up?
Gotta follow Latino so I can dm you!!
On the way to work, a bird shit on my arm. Is this good luck?
RT : Today's #ff is a hashtag! #ASTD2012 starting tomorrow, jump into the discussion and attend virtually through social.
we almost went there....love that place too! You guys still hanging out?
follow congratulations on your accomplishment with Landscape Magazine!
I did see the previous tweet. What did I say about ebooks?
It's only the first game -_-
I'm tweetin like a drunk right now. Lls. Just read what I typed.
Be an example & set one for the younger generations...
bummer. Lol. It's hot here too but I like it. Means more dudes in basketball shorts and tank tops or shirtless. Haha.
How do u monetize social media? Best Buy CEO says that is the wrong question.
i hate those words and i hate those words even worse. U must be over the Rockies?
How do you define "rigor"?
What did Shane Battier say on ? Did I hear that right?
Thanks for Following!
Happy New Years everyone!!! 2012 shall be a good one!!!
with you in Sytycd everything will be just perfect! B/c yu the best!!
thanks for the follow. I followed back :)
you mean Joe House, right?
Basorexia- a strong craving or hunger for kissing.
:o I've meet your mommy ?
put on a performance like a bonafide rockstar..so glad I made it # diamondsareforever
ehhh my sister choose the wrong time to leave. im gonna hit so much traffic coming home -___-
New Ink coming soon:D
yay...when I get hone from dining at the smoke shack and yo mama.
no, but hopefully we do :) but it's floor seats and soundcheck :)
Lost another toenail today.. Check my 4square and u might be able to find it. Gross
would be a great member of the cabinet.
Back to NYC.
pssh.. you should ! (x
Awe......I gotta see that there youngin. I know Candice won't let you breathe huh
I'm addicted to twitter -.- facebook was my site tho <U+2606><U+2605><U+2606>
Depends. Min. of 1 module but our committee (esp. Assoc. Deans) wanted more up to whole course. Up to each faculty/dept.
really good actually! with 2 of us we've increased to 10% of sales and are in the process of recruiting a few more people!
Ikemen Desu Ne with English translation <-----DO WANT
:) RT : I am number 16 on the A View From My Seat top scorers board, I need to up my score here in the next month.
Chardon BrewWorks Science Night....learning about brook trout tonight!
does that mean watching the UFC fight?
You should ask Margaret Sheil how a journal (e.g. Biography) can go from A* to C in nine months.
what can I say, I've been inspired.
I liked the beginning more than the ending.
Argh. I have to get up and get dressed. And my hair stay soakin wet.
nice seeing you at Harbor House tonight. Thanks for stopping by!
I wonder if Vinny Del Negro is on the hot seat now. #ChokeCity #ClippersWho?
Principle 2: Progression dynamic, ie reward or percentage feedback for loyalty (e.g. many companies with the word "Perk" in their name)
Life, liberty and the pursuit of happyness.
RT : Tom Baxter - The ultimate unintended consequence of hb56: the arrest of two auto industry execs
Yeah, im kinda sheltered lol
omg story of my life!!
« Your pinky is the smallest finger but is capable of holding the biggest secrets.»
really wanted to make sure that I was awake today.
Planned to cook dinner but power outage @ Trader Joes.
In same file where I found Ibsen quote, found a freshman Shakespeare paper which still sounds pretty smart.
Nay RT Question to the Rob fans ....how would you like it if Rob starred in a romantic comedy with Emma Stone? Yay or nay?
DM me and I'll email you the PDF
oh my. Don't stress 2 much. i hope it gets better.
I believe that teachers can have an enormous impact on student learning, even if their students grow up in poverty.
Old friends and old wine and old gold are best.
Hi it's Roxanne hanging out with you till 8pm tonight! Let me know if you want to hear something! Feel free to call the studio 313-298-9630
I couldn't open the link on why we want GE foods labeled. Please Tweet again, thanks :)
a torchy's employee was spraying grackles with ammonia today... :/
we got plenty of gym time for you! Let me know! I can rebound :)
This sun beamin on my face
“: D-Rose will get the start tonight vs. Heat. #MIAvsCHI”
Im ready for the game....#OnWisconsin ...
Filmmaker Emilio Roso will be on my show discussing his new movie -about the ISRAELI MAFIA Wednesday 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
EJ Choe, Suzan Stamper, and I presenting Mobile Technology and the Future of Learning at
The felling of trying so damn hard and getting nothing in return is like making a bowl of cereal and then discovering their is no milk.. Sux
My wife would murder me dead if I went without her.
Another beautiful day @ the Farm!! Come on by for Heavy-Handed Sundays and pick up a four gram eighth! Strain of the day is X Sour D!
Congrats to winners of the 2012 Macy's iHeartRadio Rising Star contest!
just do it no matter where you at!
hey there...
has mastered the art of making over easy eggs. It's a gift.
#IWouldDoAnythingFor french toast. That is all.
tonight was just CRAZY.
. Order online but its pretty expensive, tweeted a recipe you can make too!
"We're better off without Bosh" -every dumb fuck in " #HeatNation"
Congrats on the EVB Live gig and change of scenery. Give ma call to catch up Al Andersen 602-684-9300 Golf Realty Network
Thanks :* ": Oomf is pretty cute <3"
I really hope The Artist acts as a gateway drug for people to check out old silent films. They really are fantastic
Yes I am flooding your TL about #BBW because I am an abuse survivor, I could have taken Tami face out and put in my ex..same anger and rage!
Harry S. Truman was broke and out of work at the age of 38. At the age of 45 he was the most powerful leader in the world.
You're thinking of steroids. Those won't kill you and will make you stronger.
#Reasonstoohatepublictransportation When you feel like an acomplice hearing another persons plot for murder...
Hitched a ride to Chicago w/ and .
Skype meetings are cool but nothing beats a face to face, idea building conversation
Expect the best, be prepare for the worst. Screw what others think & do your thing!
To Peter!! God bless him.
Hey guys on "The First 48" lawyer up you dumb dumbs.
Loving ! Glad to know you both! :-)
Should probably eat more often. Ugh.
eyem running the 100 here in about 4 hours. If a land comes open umma jumpp in the 200 as well
he ate batman
Today could be one of those days you are remembered for. 3 games for the whole damn thing.
hey whats up!
I WANNA SPILL INFO I KNEW THIS WASNT MY SUBJECT BUT IM STARTING NOT TO GIVE A FUCK I TOLD U PEACEFUL PROJECT
DON'T FORGET TO WATCH GLEE TONIGHT #MJOnGlee TRIBUTE TO THE GREATEST ENTERTAINER ON EARTH
Valentine was walking to the mound with a smug smile on his face like it was funny he's getting booed. These Sox fans aren't playing, Bobby.
when I pull off wit sum bread NOW thats a real holla!
This is the last time I'll ever be able to say Happy 18th Birthday <333 I love you.
I honestly didn't know anything about it until mentioned it a bit ago.. I have Kenyon so I'm not sure.
I love you too ;-)
I love :) lol and her whole #ERedCarpet outfit and hair is juss amazing
Completely destroyed having a great thanksgiving digestion party
Many a small thing has been made large by the right kind of advertising
Your never supposed to ever fold. You stand straight up. -MM
Exhausted after all that #MIGC goodness, but it was well worth it.
why is trends empty today?!
Ha, you can go with my wife. Oh...
The March sisters + the Bennett sisters + the traveling pants sisters = still less than Wittmer females
Giving! 100% Profits to Charity. Launch 2011. Beauty's Natural, Inc. beautysntural.com. 100% Pure, All Natural, Vegan Skin/Hair Products.
I feel so guilty...
Review: SQL Server 2012 stands tall
January 23rd is Chinese New Year. Did you know that it has been also known as the "Spring Festival" since the 20th century?
real recognize real!
not too much to ask, but not as easy as it sounds!
Some people just need a pat, on the head, with a hammer.
see thats why shit happens to you, evil ass lol
Cause you'll always be my hero even though you lost your mind<3
laminated 11x17 printouts on a traffic cone with an attached flashy white front light could do the trick for caution signs
I WANNA GO!!
We'd love to chat w/ you about our implementation of Sharepoint. Feel free to DM or email me.
Infinitely more fun on the field than on the sidelines! #lifesnotaspectatorsport ;-)
Thanks for the foll Moll...
PROTIP: Hollerin' at the girl bent over with a latex glove on one hand and a ten-pound bag of dogshit in the other isn't the brightest idea.
you mean to tell me you never had shaving cream fights on Halloween?
is in love with someone ;3 <3
Finally done with homework
Its better to own the racecourse then the race horse – Unknown
Why are you trying to lose weight? You are looking too skinny in all the pics I see. I am kind of concerned about you.
Best wishes for you today. :)
Oh snap. RT : Congrats to Lebron James for getting engaged. His fiance now leads the family with 1 ring.
did you know you look like professor snape from Harry potter in your twitter pic?
At the Miami Justice for Travon Rally.
Love makes us overcome the sense of isolation & separateness, yet it permits us to be ourselves
haha ok!! give us something to talk about:p
Take me to the carnival so I know that it's real.
while i was shopping a girl ran past me shouting 'one direction book' my mum just started laughing at me
Writing down random answers for math because you have an Algebra 1 test book -_-
How to Evaluate Your Child's School - The New American
Our goal is to bring value to the community so we value everyone in the community
Tune in AM 1400 or skinnyhouli.com today to hear my interview w/ Great time taping the show, thanks Guys
Obama lost the last ounce of respect I had for him tonight w/ his b.s. religious talk.
Grace on Mr. Freeze: "Is he, like, Lame Joke Man?"
Follow us !!!!!! Tell all your friends about us & make sure they like our page and follow us as well ;)
I think you should make a music video of why you like not wearing pants in your videos. :3
#Happy Halloween! Time to turn into Fidel Sarcastra and get off to this party.
I'm looking forward to the Season 7 premiere for "24" tonight.
I'll ask her when I go there today!
I like the way you think Tina!
It was great to see you both! Thanks for coming out.
i like singing My Funny Valentine and Stars from Les Miserables. I Think those are my favorites to sing.
Well, they both die in their respective movies and are zombies in #TheAvengers -- but otherwise, you're fine.
My Own Timepiece watches with your fingerprint on it will be available in a variety of styles
When I drink a cup of coffee my brain has more traffic flowing through it than the 101.
Nooschi: Mission Chinese Food, San Francisco
how's my fabulous Aussie friend doing?!!!
tjhey have A's phone!!
burned 298 calories doing 50 minutes of cardio exercises, including "Elliptical Trainer"
please follow back!(:
Bout 2 Do My Homework And Eat.#HoeGoHam.Its Problems Hoe
Norwood Talent Agency Corp!! I pray to work very hard, and to b greatful for all of God's many Blessings!! :)
Lottie's Lounge - featuring zero TV's. Actual people, killer drinks, and delectably affordable food in HI-DEF!
Jealous! Would reply with "doing a puzzle," but have to wait until classes are over. Hope your Thanksgiving was great. :)
My dress Way Too Tight!!!i can't deal
awww that sucks, the link is working for me... I'll DM, maybe it'll work.
Do I want to know what they were?
The way to become rich is to put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket. ~ Andrew Carnegie
Hey can you follow us back so we can DM you please? Thanks!
how are you today, abs?(:
Is "wild rumpus" trending yet?
Careercast says "newspaper reporter" is the 5th worst job of 2012. At least I'm ahead of dairy farmers at No. 2.
A good one to implement might be
Take it to the head'
Check out new Disney Movie "Lemonade mouth"... I'm one of the dancers at the end!
I believe the cold weather and wind has played a huge role thus far.
I hate how I work up strength through the day, but break down at night.</3
some things are better than t.v
Why am I awake? :(
Thanks for following. PokerStars Club: 617331 Invite code: ? City/Country: ? Thanks.
yeah, it's a knife in my heart every time I see it.
truly the Aeneid is my favorite epic.
RT : q3 yes! Cant expect him to listen to me if I dont! James 1:19 >> Amen!
haha same thing kinda :)
ya, theyre probably not coming back any time soon. I wish Patrick would come back though, his solo stuff was great.
Hope you take a trip to #Denver this weekend.....start thinking #golf!
Where are all my Beliebers at??!!
They MIght Be Giants! Getting ready to go on-air on for a live performance...this Friday is getting to be a pretty good one....
Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez Surprise Indie Act Ernie Halter At His Show
Hanging out with Caleb building a website for a friend.
A2 We use a local San Diego company called Cooler Email - similar to Constant Contact but cheaper!
I can't wait for baseball :)
Light rail to airport: $2.25
Sure! I don't have any plans for Thurs night & I'm off work Fri. I know just about where that place is too. Sounds fun!
Oh, joy. The forecast for Austin predicts a high of 110 degrees for Saturday. Will someone please do something about this?
I actually really like writing in Evernote with the Bluetooth keyboard..
It's hard out here for a pimp!
hey. Are you still looking for a producer?
“: Just fully stole a parking spot from someone... Am I going to hell? (at )” you just willingly parked in Hell, duh!
THINK AGAIN, YUGIBOY!
“: If you don't hate your industry once in a while, you're not thinking about it enough.”
Yep, you heard right: I was named teacher of the year for the English department. Have to brag a little bit! Stunned still; what an honor.
never have regrets because at one point everything you did in life was exactly what you wanted
I have seven reasons people are not ready when opportunity knocks. Tune into radio this Sunday as I reveal. Don't get left behind!
Save the date! Our annual Open House is scheduled for Oct 6th from 3-6pm. More info to follow soon...
OMG it was the moose .
Sitting outside so my lil brick addict can get her daily dose LOL. I swear I've never seen a dog so happy.
Yay!!!! Welcome to the dark side! ;)
yehh and hes offline for 5 min do u think he sits there and just looks at ppl tweets or wat
Winking is a dying art.
Everyday - Tender 8oz NY strip steak, made to order and served w/ baker or FF, Texas toast, side salad and choice of dressing. $9.95 RT
I don't see myself doing too much tonight, I'm ready to go to bed already
Follow back. :)
What is the best app/site to help you achieve your goals?
I also came out with Jenny Jones! Followed by Ken. Too bad I now live in the wrong country. Go vote Green, Crouty!
Do people like the three point line moved back in college...Seems like years ago but it wasn't? Any thoughts helped hurt or game?
good column! I read everything about the broncos (long time season ticket holder) and this is the 1st I've heard of Garland
Attention men-If u r shorter than 5'9" please don't wear those dress shoes with the pointed toes, which curl up slightly-u look like an elf!
Got you followed! :)
How do you make it all the way to your SENIOR year not knowing how to say a grammatically correct sentence?
did Madison leave?
Does anyone else miss American Horror Story? Miss Tate always crying?
Get down girl don't hate get down.
#FF Thanks, and Happy Easter!
Dantonio's building something solid in EL. Awesome seeing Cousins go out with a win. Proud of both.
Who will be at the David Guetta show February 8th?? Who is getting paid to be there? This guy!
Sitting in a new client meeting. This is the time when we get our #WebDevelopment, #SEO, and #SMM goals inline with the client.
lol u cant tell?
A unified, organized American library system could do a lot of things that individual communities simply cannot tackle.
Thanks for the RT. Big Kisses
Latin Perspective - Latin Jazz posted and audio on PRX
u all need to play some different songs....them song getting Torres.:-(
figures a guy from warren would tweet the best draft info.. former #lordstown here “: Warren - NE Ohio strong
How are you working at subway, and not speak English or know Wth spinach or cucumbers are?!?! GTFOH
Always have an answer to any question...even if you don't know the answer or don't understand the question.
Gotta say the women at WIP are so tall and hot! True model mayhem!
im sure he will love it omg he is sleeping!
Attending the #VA Symposium in Governmental Budgeting and Perf Mgmt today! Looking for some good tips!
#johncarter was a gigantic helping of #cheese. However, it was rather #enjoyable. You just have to be ready to laugh.
Happy Birthday !
Great stuff by Lucroy and Axford on Molina. He whiffed on high fastball for strike 2. Ax may have wanted next one in dirt ... (more)
": This shyt done got serious they knock at my door n shyt" that Gamespitta shit
Well that's awkward . . .
Because if so, the cat's world is NOT a very nice place.
Lazy Sunday with friends and giving Joey a good sendoff. What a great Thanksgiving weekend!!
little known #Oakland facts: what we call East #Oakland was known as Brooklyn until it was annexed by the city in 1909...
RIP Maurice Sendak
Febreezing your feet
U.S.A., U.S.A., U.S.A. ! WELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
"Lord, that boy was wild back when wild wasn't wild!" -My aunt Brenda <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
good morning rachel happy thursday to you
I have a Harry poster next to my bed and yanno its just staring at me..awks
RT : MALIBU'S MOST WANTED!! RT : Bloodbath don't cut him we won't get our money!!!
It's a 7 day a week job, but jeeze I rule! I want 'em al!!!!
Estabrook dog park Saturday afternoon
Why dont you tweet like that to me??? :( jk
that's awesome he's potty trained
Happy p Day! How are you celebrating?
Going to need several red+vodkas to get me through this night
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
YOU KNOW I HAD SWOLLEN GLANDS
For the next 2 hours swing by Deli Zone Lodo and get the deal shown here: $1 off any 2 or 4 egg breakfast sandwich!
saved my sleepless/drunk tweets 4 manifest largely in me cuddling her & giggling. Good night & good morning
We're so excited about the New Year that we added ANOTHER class time. Now we'll have class at 7pm, Monday - Thursday! Starts tomorrow.
I need to get a shower now
Who can that person be? ?
Ally B Studio will be at the Chesterton European Market tomorrow! 8am-2pm come stop by!
I'm starting to feel like the Romans had it right ! Take everything by force !
you have no idea how much my ego has deflated in the last 7 hours.
Just got a Cinco de Mayo party invite that starts at 8am. Sounds like a shit show waiting to happen.
no! My tweeps need to know its in zee air
RT "Trade & Tryon closed" #charlotte Looks like BOA protesters marching down Tryon now, w/ police escort
We're heading over now... Not too late to meet us. I'm going to get a scone :)
Hey Mike. I hold a Guitar playing contest sponsored by Hard Rock Cafe. We give away $3000. Trying to make it a monthly event.
Our July In The Rain by He Is We is the best song.
“Mirth can be a major tool for insight, changing “ha-ha” to “aha”!
Tonight is Ladies night The Anchor Bar come in for $3 Wines and $5 Three Olives Vodka drinks all night long.
haha I think that would be awesome!!
I got the moves like Jagr....
Hey what is the April 18 UW Tweeters deal?
And each and every one of those 1190 are Thankful. She's an awesome Tweep. Ya Digg??
152 years old im edward cullens brother...yeah i know crazy right?
Only thing that sems to matter in NFL right now is d applying pressure on qb. Too few good db's to go around.
dinner at El Jaripeo with mi madre for Cinco de Mayo!
Day trip to Philly tomorrow!
had to google dog rocket...ouch! Thanks for the Twitter proof of life
I have been cut loose for another 24 months ... Jury duty complete
there's a first time for everything.
LOL, the sad thing is I'm actually qualified for that. Should I apply?? Change from within!!
you're killing me sweetcheeks
. The gender critique is kind of recent though, yes? Not to say invalid, just not old in DH discourse?
Given the choice between accomplishing something and just lying around, I'd rather just lie around. No contest. ~ Eric Clapton
Who says "I did not like the fact that I had to send the money Paypal and I asked her if I could Western Union the money"
Tara got one but if you have time to scan and send the cover page asap let me know!
lmao I was just messing with u. Do your thang.
? ": I'm looking at a total rewrite on my story here."
sandwiches 4 eva
Joining late, was away - what's the context? You mean Scriven's The Mechanical...? And the dreyfus ref?
We have to value the lives of young girls.
scurry scurry scurry
hw is it goin Manny, def wanna be back this summer!
Well bangs in four goals. What will he do for an encore? What has he done for us lately? :) Player of the week? [Congrats!]
Dawn Weber and Electro Funk Assembly performing live in Red Bar Saturday night. Come join us!
Yep! Lots of people stopping by complaining that I'm tabling Pro I-1183. I like stomping them with facts!
do it! You'll never know unless you ask.
Sometimes the best move is a bold one...I love it when an executive requests an emailing explaing why I am worth a damn
SMOKIN TURKEY LEGS!
When Rachel talks, you shut up.
RT It takes a big person to apologize. It takes an even bigger person to accept an apology. Be big.
Never lose an opportunity of seeing anything beautiful, for beauty is God's handwriting.
back sorry
that is utterly fantastic! yay!
What the fuck? Put your teeth to the curb, 'cause right now I'm gonna stomp your fucking face in (:
Its days like this that make me want to turn away from the computer and sit in a field.. Or At least take a walk around the block.
You have a great day yourself Eugene! :)
$27 so far!
Today's breakfast, crawfish omelette with sausage.
Not the finish I would have booked. Eh, whatever. Punk/Jericho was awesome. Overall, very meh PPV save one match.
Merry Xmas and happy holidays to all of LifeVine Works friends, twitter fans, youth participants, supporters and partners!
A house 150 feet from our dorm just got struck by lightning. Holy balls.
Keep in mind the 14 billion figure is hypothetical in the first place as not all students have a stafford loan.
Class of 2011 enters to Journey's Don't stop believing
I have the biggest crush on Miguel Cotto's wife.
# Believe I want out! I'm so excited, and I want to hear all your songs :) I love you much 1 please follow?:)
hi pat.. guess who ?
Last stop on this tour = Norway - technology avalanche presentation today and then home to my boys tomrorow!
ShoutOut To My New Follower Thanks For The Follow(: Go Follow Her For ME
Interesting morning with IKEA green team. "cleantech products need to be simple & elegant. Simple to buy, install, use"
#xeroxdrupa happy hour starts in 10 mins - come to hall 8b @ #drupa & finish day 3 on a high with live dj & drinks
is killing my playoff pick'em pool!!!
If youre intrested in the genre, make sure you check out Mad Sin, The Creepshow , 7 shot screamers, and The Quakes!
Approximately 17% (or 12.5 million) of children and adolescents aged 2—19 years are obese.
Really enjoying listening to & talkin bout #ECV11. they raised the bar for #eventcamp movement!
The best thing you can do is get good at being you. -Dennis T. Menace
Counting down minutes to drinks and dinner with
passing off untruth about another in which the untruth will harm the reputation of the person (defamation) - more -
any predictions for how many home runs your husband will hit in the World Series
good thing u love bananas
ahaha you call me a bragger because im sharing the fact that im going with my bff to a concert...well im sorry you're to poor to afford it.
You better be doing your work and not hanging up posters
Can I get an answer here? With knee, why not switch him & ? Gabys super athletic & LoMo a 1B Crazy?
Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow.
Hey can you please follow us ! We're a young, up and coming Acapella group from Oakland,CA
Loving my Badgers, 2-0 vs tO$U. Jordan Taylor for
wow, let me climb out of your brain. Ewww.
just finished book one. it's official: I have bought in to the hype.
I just got a fb message from my friend from 6th grade asking if I'd ever thought of hooking up with him??!! Ewww no! Ur still 11, in my head
The Seattle Agile Open conference is in Redmond, not Seattle. Does that only bother people in Seattle?
#smcnsb #networking with milwaukee's elite!
Don't forget to wear your green today!!
maybe yor peeplez should try food like 's? Might be lotz easier on digestive system. You can use milder meatyz
#JustinBieber why must you say "yeah yeah yeah" after every fucking line?
Was the most original Philly female rapper...T.L.C.!!RT : Lisa Lopez
Had a great meeting with the our team and looking to expand our market--woohoo team!
hahaha good one!!!
ah we should watch it soon! Have you seen it before? Is it good?
You're next on the Boston parade list now
Huge congrats man!!!! #AmILateToTheParty??
Impeach Obama 2012! Join The National Campaign!: via
Sister's my new mother, mother.
What she said! RT Student Night Thursday for vs. Iowa. Students get free admission, free pizza, and a t-shirt!
ah you beat me to that
Agreed #MUWBB RT : should be sports enter top 10. Easy.
Happy Mother's Day to all of the Beautiful Women who have had a hand in raising, inspiring and nurturing a child!
how 'bout both? Just cuz you HAVE clean laundry doesn't mean you have to WEAR underwear!!!! ;)
My favorite time of the sporting year !
Thanks Bro, we're working at it! I'm hoping we can bring a lot people this year, it's going to be all sorts of amazing.
I have to be at work in 20 minutes! I'm late! Thank you twitter. :)
if you're coming to Google party tonight I'm with the photo booth. Come say hi.
Just won $60 at poto and now it's time to close out the night with an action movie, some beer, and a hookah.
Elton John tried to mess up my Vampire Weekend, but did not succeed.
Pure Pop for Now People tonight ! Bubblegum, power pop & much much more! All vinyl 10 til close!!
Does anyone wanna get
I do:) @ the National Underground Nashville Tn
Wish my ice pack could stay cold.
LOLOLOLOL. Follwing you now too. Hilarious. Smart. Very bannable material.
Busy afternoon. Spoke with Sunbelt Commissioner Karl Benson, we'll have a story up later tonight!
what part of Texas you going to?
We found love?!
I went to bed thinking he was gone I hope it didn't ruin the recruiting class
Ew the women that are on #MobWives seriously are fucking disgusting and foul. REAL Italian women don't act like that.. sorry!!
UX is more than organized information. IA is just one piece of UX.
I accidently cut myself with a knife once and it went about an inch into my hand. I had a panic attack it was so bad.
Sex is easy ": Workouts shouldn't be easy. Ever."
#educomm #digitalbrand marketing for long term growth, commitments not campaigns
Recorded 3 new scratch tracks last night and just confirmed Capital City Music Fest hosted by !!
Too much Easter chocolate.
I'm beginning to wonder if antm is running out of ideas for the t.v show.
shout out to my mom.
Thanks for the RT ! First beer's on me next time you're in Wisconsin.
Need ideas on how to focus, add more structure to my day. Got tips?
Happy thanksgiving everybody!!!! :) had a great night with lots of food and great company! :)
DULUTH, MN...I HOPE YALL ARE READY FOR TONIGHT! GOT A GREAT SHOW FOR YOU!!!
This is so true about me :)
I just learned of two more Japanese & English speaking programmers in Seattle. Do you know others? Time to get to know each other!
Get yall ass to the SUPPER Club 2night
Film tomorrow night at the museum at 7: a short doc spotlighting Sim Graham, aka Mattress Factory Outlet's gorilla mascot on E. Market.
I'm just saying... find that place where the watermelon grow, dude. Don't stop believing.
So we received a request from the ROT Rally highlighting the fact they have 'midget wrestling'. Is that even legal?
Next, Your cut
Do you remember back when we fell in love in your best friends basement ?
who won in the cosplay contest were an actual high schl AfrAm lesbian couple who loved the series and I gave them half.
I take it you don't have kids?
A&T looking like a block party right now........
Meryl Streep wins again!! I would have been happy with Viola winning too!
youre messing with my head. girl thats what you do best
it was bad cuz u know none of the boyz go here soo :(
Durant for three!!!!!!
its okay./: ugh and I really wanted to meet him
Need a dude who could fuck cook make money right.
I love ya sexy ass,i wanna cuff
Things are coming along....
hahahah it's cool....sounds fun...have fun homie!
Not that I've ever been there, but I've watched enough Monk to know that I would love SF, LOL!
twitter during english....yeah i think so.
I live in NE USA, traveled to KS to watch a game and had a great time. Great atmosphere, great stadium. Thanks
Life is short, art long, opportunity fleeting, experience treacherous, judgment difficult.
Community engagement is also a predictor of (self-perceived) happiness. The more involved one is, the happier one is.
Thanks to the National Football Foundation for recognizing Hopkins Football's 10-0 regular season and trip to the NCAA Playoffs.
Ready to be off work!!! #mow #nap #skyrim #girlfriend :-)
can't wait for chapter 30 :)
Prom time and on a cruise!
I got 2 hours to burn in CHA before we get flying to cancun. beer or coffee?
So based on the latest poll I guess women have decided to wage a war on Obama?
Damn i wanna sleep but i cant...
Age is not an excuse for ignorance.
read someting in ESPN about how stupid the closer role is. Why waste best pitcher on, potentially, worst hitters?
$NCVT: Its very possible we may see .35 cents or higher in a short period of time.
got to get me some
the ring!
And we have another backchannel here on twitter for those taking or just listening in to the NPS #CW2CR training course this week!
Some creepy old lady once told me I look like Davy Jones
U looks pretty!:)
So glad spring break is next week!!! I need this break
Some random number called me & is now texting me. Won't tell me who it is because I "hate" them. Girl, why are you trying to talk to me?
Break out the tissues. It's beautiful but will be a bad allergy day.
yeah the faded orange/pink monstrosity had to go.
Mother Monster, you truly are one amazing woman thank you for all you have done for us little monsters paws up always <3
Need progress updates from the county, and options on how we can get the plan moved faster. Everyone's not on the same page.
My Fucking Boyfriend is the new My Boyfriend Is English.
#usher #cought up is in #my #head :) Cereal Bowles
This Saturday...introducing Purpke Door's Raspberry Green Tea ice cream made with ! Great springtime flavor!
Happy #Superbowl Sunday. Since the #bears aren’t playing….who are you cheering for?
I won't cry for you. I won't cruxify the things you do. When you're gone ill still be
ILoveYou<U+2764>c: How Was Your Day?
why do english people call girls 'birds' wtf
you chillin with us tomorrow?!
you'll get there in your own time.
The Search Agency Continues International Growth With Canadian Acquisition
Some things just make you feel very, very old.
#FF Festival w/fully improvised narrative works, plays & characters on the spot! #improv films, jams, more! 3/23-27, Midtown
I'm fine How many times have you said that line When you know it's a lie Telling everyone to go away
Boiii i been said i was gone wash clothes but an't touched them hoes yet..shi! ion feel like it!
Browsing recipes to make this week. I can't help but scoff at recipes that suggest jalapenos without ribs or seeds. Pshaw. Spice me!
My horoscope has me intrigued... #WhoIsShe???
Sure hope so! Thanks for the great link.
Glad 2 hear u liked them! We r rockin forward quickly! RT : can't wait 4 the heels. They were quite lovely at WSA!
Haha!! Only if you want to max out your sugar, fat & calorie intake all in one swoop! I love your posts--they make me giggle!
If it was easy, everyone would do it.
Got our first fresh brussel sprouts at the farmer's market!
Ump I'll be thirsty w/ someone else then .
I'm wearing my Hawkeye shirt today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Testing feature
thanks for playing us on your podcast!
I am actually ashamed to belong to the same species as
Fab Design Tip: How much contrast do you want? The more contrast in color and in light and dark, it creates a more energetic feel.
I got a feeling the clippers wanna celebrate tonight after their win!!! Hit me up for Glist!
i swear bro!
BTW, if you were curious what spurred that, I needed to comment "The chickadee is the hibernal form of the phoenix."
Thanks for the shout out! Hope we get to see in for Cinco de Mayo!
Done with homework now writing babe a note like he is always wanting me to . (; <3
Beautiful day in San Diego and busy day at Ameba. Life is good!
#ff The Supremium Crew! Gonna be a hilarious time again on Sunday!
plague! I won't be at nscoder. Keeping my germs all to myself. (greedy)
i wonder who
finally figured I'm on the frontline of change and now starting to act like it. So, I'm changing myself I guess. :)
you need a picture on here! :P
I DONT EVEN KNOW WHAT TO SAY MAN.
We are at your front door for house warming party and your phone isn't going through. Can't get in.
picks than many other GMs have gotten with Top 10 picks, year in and year out.
At the freakiest beach house right now. Straight out of "Cribs" . Too bad it's pouring rain:( Más margaritas para mi!
No more appointments available for the week. Please call Monday morning to schedule your
sup bro
okay dont ask and not expect professionalism
you know the song Iris, right?
Aulie may be behind in the depth chart, but you're fighting for a playoff spot with a team you just directly improved
Good riddance and quit bugging us...
Chile Relleno Friday Huge Pablano pepper filled with grilled chicken, veggies,mozz.cheese and lighty crisped. Only while they last!!
Willam's serving 5 o'clock shadow realness.
Puerto Rican and Cuban rum becomes dominant in 19th c when continuous stills are the norm... Hence a smoother, softer, milder rum
Yep, we need this one. big time.
Follow me n i'll follow bck tryn to c how u do twitter
Running into a guy you used to date while in the checkout line immediately after the gym is always fun. always.
RIP Steve Jobs..and thanks for the easy computer...best invention of the century next to the car.
turnt da fuck up early in da morn with that #drank in my cup!!
“: I need some advice.” not really..
Lol, :( okay let me rephrase that, "Alright i hope so" hahaha.
Alaska friends, military friends, please join our conversation about the future of the military in Alaska. Use
can you follow me?(:
Are we done worrying about Joey Votto's lack of power?
New original is finished! Gonna debut it to tonights gig!
Big ups to the WizardCon organizers for inviting me to their series of conventions! I am flattered & honored- see u @ PhillyWizardCon soon!
Don't forget our free Happy Hour menu items (Chef's Choice) daily 5 to 8.
Chris thanks for the mention! I am in Sachem! I am sending you a direct message right now.
This is it man. Done with school for 3 months. Time 2 b lazy n fat
#TVD retweet if you love it!!
I have poppet lite and am sharing it with teachers. What do you think about the full version?
thats awesome lockdown will be locking ppl down in college! We should celebrate by playing pickup games. Lol
Follow back please? ~
ngl if i lived in cali i'd do the same exact thing does. I'm actually super jealous. especially and !
The type of week you will have all depends on you!
Answers to concerns 1.Address cover letters to the internship committee. 2. The CL should tell us why you should be accepted to the program.
Rooney Mara's real name is Patricia "Trisha" Rooney Mara
I would guess running backs.
whoop whoop on a Friday!
I've died millions of times in my dreams.
i''l tweet u all day but plzzz follow back dnt be soo meab:*(
Hey, Paris Please Follow Me Plz !(: I Love you!(: n/h
Okay, ok - u wait until this time to start blasting your music???
LET'S GO. 2:17 left
Just spit out my grape drank. ;)
Damn I feel like a Running back trying to break these tourists out of my way. Damn tourist.
Love it when Mariano makes it look so easy with a six pitch save
Sesame chicken works great for me.
very cute!
In "real estate social media Gurus" talk at
The thunder look good but after the way Mamba played last night. Can't count them out.
Celebrating with #WashingtonParkPartners in their Roll Out Festivities. We're watching Milwaukee neighborhoods get better and better!
LMAO @ people starting shit with me cause I have opinions.
im pretty sure every hispanic kid grew up with them hhaha
It's the night before Industry Showcase. Do you know where your scene partner is? #MFA #actor problems
Myy favorite song of 2011 is "Put Em Up"
sues Keep It Moving Auto, a Cleveland and Streetsboro used car lot, over its finance agreements with consumers
I'm excited to see Think Like a Man...looks like it'll be Hilarious!
Your mother is gorgeous!
. says: "Everywhere I go I think I see Kathleen Falk."
I can't take back the words I never said....
My tech table is gone, that means I'm done right?
Happy Bday! : D
CANT WAIT FOR TONIGHTS PARTY AT JUICY !!!
Bagel with blueberry cream cheese
I wish Hubie Brown would come back and coach
plotting an unofficial foray into liaison librarian territory. #librarians, thoughts on entry points into untouched academic departments?
#thebestpartofthedaywas seeing him
John Menard's net worth is $4.9 billion! How bout throwing some of that loose coin this away, John.
Good question. We'll figure out a game to watch soon.
Dubuque, Iowa Feb 9th we will be in your town!!!
vanessa did they Puy something in myh hair?
Working hard on my finals, I will be relieved when I am done with this semester.
Emma Green (COL'12 ) will share Religion & Democracy: A Conversation with Tocqueville, Weber, and Habermas
Questions can be tailored to whom is playing: kids, teens, or adults. Prizes too: T-shirts or hats or dinners, etc.
your tweets. A++
#NYE gig has begun. 2011 here we come!
N finally leaving town
i have a bottle of wine in my purse *high five* it's people like us that keep twitpic.com in business ;)
If there was a tomato soup truck to go with I'd abandon my home and just follow them around like a comfort food gypsy
you make me cry
Airstrip... we are getting this or something really similar next month #mlamobiletech gr8 for ob & neonatal
You don't have to be #vegetarian or #vegan to LOVE #Chicago AUGUST 11&12 #Naperville #Illinois 630-955-1200
Check eBay's completed items search to see if one has sold--that's the best indicator.
thanks you too :)
Ha ha ha it came up at lunch w a gal friend - husbands snore and keep us women awake!
Thanks Pastor Matt! :)
RT : "The cave you fear to enter holds the treasure you seek." Joseph Campbell
CSCDC director here, eagerly awaiting start of the Berkeley Orphan Works Symposium, follow at
Wanting taco bell and listening to
it's all good:) it ain't that serious. Lol
“: People make time for what they wanna make time for.”
RT : Today, on National Teacher Day, thank you to all teachers for their dedication. #thankateacher // Amen to that!
get on facebook!
I demand Brandon Jacob close ups during every #Cowboys touchdown.
DON'T FORGET: LOCAL LA!!! RT : Game 6 #Clippers #Grizzlies will air on KCOP Ch. 13 Friday starting with #ClippersLive at 5pm!
thank you...its been a long day....
GO TO SLEEP OLD MAN !!! IT TOO EARLY IN THE MORNING FOR YOU
Ash Wednesday. #Catholic. No facebook for 40 days..
yes, I'm on facebook
Thanks so much for the RT. Hope you made it over for the tasting!
Top 5 1970s luxury options missing today
not you though Big Money ;)
One colleague said "I won't put my PowerPoints online. Sts might look at them in advance!"
Look At My Bitch, You Lookin The Wrong Way..
#EWOpinion Talking back to teachers is discouraged shares what he wanted to say as a kid edweek.org/ew/articles/20…
do u ever wana go back to real school? cus i went today and it was boring...ha
Free Seminar Series for parents and caregivers of children with #autism. Tonight's speaker is Dr. Jane Yip, PhD Neuropharmacology,...
Today's daily email from Amazon suggested I might like "Green Eggs and Ham"...Sam I am.
All in all SHITTY ASS MONDAY!!! Top it off yanks loose...
productive! I could have used an extra hour of sleep, but I guess that's why they make coffee :)
awesome! good one James
are you in SA?
The word penetration <<< makes me laugh
I know the general perception is that Casey Anothony was guilty, but bottom line is, Prosecution didn't prove it, good job Jury! Right Call
Alcohol and strip club lol
Betcha didn't know Mini Burger Truck is a vendor at the Concerts tonight! RT : see you tonight at caesar chavez park
that's funny!! My husband says I MADE him suffer through that movie...like you wouldn't WANT to watch it! Lol
Thank you for your prayers this morning! What an anointing & presence of God on the call!
what percent of brothel owners overseas are run by women?
Its destiny is either to be a gigantic sustainable entrepreneurial success OR a D-rate fast food joint in a strip mall
Thunder are now up 2-0 on Lakers. Ever thought about being an NBA commentator?
what did you get
Mine's back! I was not a happy camper with that one.
Boston cream pie yum:)
- TY for the RT. It's such a lovely quote!
8 deaths for every 10,000 emergency room visits. Failure?
Which room is rocking right now? wheres the fun-times at? Give your fav room a shout out below.
Back to work....
Last day for our #yelp and #foursquare offer! Check In Lunch or Dinner and receive a Free glass of Mango Lassi!
No you didn't have to stoop so low I guess that I don't need that though Now you're just somebody that I used to know #Gotye #beautiful <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I should have taken the over for the Flyers and Penguins game.
Are you going tomorrow with your family?
I feel lazy as hell at work tonight
You’re in luck.......... Home sweet home......... 7575 Linda Vista Rd SD 92111
Happy Leap Year! Treat yourself to a glass of wine today at lunch! Once every 4 years doesn't sound bad to us!
it makes you a #HotMess2012 nominee!!!
PIZZA OF THE WEEK - Taco Pizza: Pinto Beans Base, Seasoned Ground Beef, Pepperjack and Cheddar Cheese Topped w/ Pico de Gallo & Lettuce!
I am looking forward to catching up with you and Jono! Let me know when you want to meet up.
we have an erberts and gerberts now?!
#PLUSHDAMENTALS! I am really enjoying watching the Brewers from the couch for once.
Friday Art Walk/Spring Art Hop is underway #inBend – come by the shop between 6–8 to meet our April artist, Hannah Keller, and see her work!
Aint nobody really told me whats life like, crazy young need too settle down nice wife, I get the picture but aint no body snapping,They ...
Watching season two of Bored to Death on hbo. Jonathan Ames is awesome.
So I woke up late this morning because my whole neihborhood's power went out and then I look out on my patio and see that a bird was killed!
part 6 is up! ull really like this part!
- hard to say. none of my colleagues have it yet so I really haven't put it to good use.
Oh, I like!
Excatly! We might even create a civilization just like theirs and use their methods for survival.
morning twitterville! everyone doing ok this morning?
This was the game the Pacers should've stolen...Miami will be locked in on Game 2 to go up 2-0 in the series
It's Hunger Games day! Oh how exciting!
Is it not time for adjuncts at last to unionize? ?
New ‘Men in Black 3' Set Photos Reveal Rick Baker’s Retro Aliens via
Dynamic, inspiring speech by Carlos Salman Gonzalez on Mexican government cartography at
Keep April 21st open at noon, & look for more details about our location. Plan to meet near Charleston & Rainbow!
Strange that wants to oust a guy who wants an independent review of its finances. Someone doth protest too much.
I'm really inspired to shoot today, but don't have any models! Saving ideas for later I suppose.
#ThingsILookFor is my mom's belts when I know I'm in deep shit...like now
I'm eating haribo gummy bears. jealous? I'll save you some if you want;)
Hey I'm behind the wheel for Fox 6 News at 11! We're updating several stories from overnight. Tune in, see you starting now!
Sumatran sold out too! Trying to get more ordered soon.
Learned a valuable lesson today.UV Rays are most powerful when it's cloudy.Decided not to wear sunscreen at the beach because it was cloudy.
HELL YES!!!! We'll see you in DC Monday night!
Shut up, Gandhi.
There's a little logic. :) I bring it so I can call for help.
I have everyday
We hired a new hostess today and of course all the young men on staff are eager to help train her. Little vultures!
Go Pats!!!
difficult 4them to win as they quickly learned. Dont know how im gana b able to wait another month for next one though...
I wonder if there boys that doesn't sag still exist?
i need a new ringtone.....suggestions??.
Can them (of course) blanched with lemon brine :). Then I share with all my pals!
IM DOING IT NOW RT : put another one on Miami
Pbr is a good one :)
Why is it as soon as i get in the bed i cant sleep bv when its time to get ready for work im ready to sleep like a baby
Who else has no money to pay their rent this month?
Life=You
Mesa snowed haha but to My Philly friends it was not anything as bad as that blizzard u guys had last week
Waking up realizing I've got 3 finals today... But they're my LAST finals lol :D
LOL the pics are not helping (need coffee). Very nice! Time for some chocolate mousse at 2AM then. Nice tweeting w/ you, again! :)
": Earl Scruggs, the most important banjo player who ever lived, has passed on." Glad I got to see him perform in person!
GW bridge funding is okay
need experience or paying job? To help me look 4 u :-)
Have you tried Budokon Yoga yet? Come enjoy it today at 2pm with Paige in South Miami!
Happy birthday! Hope you have a good one!
DNS.com users love our unlimited domains, unlimited records, DNS geotargeting, 24/7 live support, and powerful API.
follow me back? :P <3
I have so many deeply negative things to say about Baltimore. I want to put them on twitter, but feel I would only engender bad will.
be honest, were you mad giving up number 3,000 to Jeter??
I'll never forget the first time we met -- although, I'll keep trying.
Idk if nervous is the word for the way I feel right now.. this is cray, within the next 2 hours I'll be waiting in line for the #X-Factor!
haha it's definitely possible! Apparently she never liked Klaus, or she was scared of him or whatever :O
And besides he obviously is somewhere you're not.
You know I don't speak Mexican!!!!!
um I like city tavern on 13th btwn 5th and university. Are we doing a dinner or just dinks?
Good luck this weekend!
Heyy I heard you like the wild ones
ok first question was that your mom who walked through the door
#mockingbird excellent
How stoked? Way!
#600 - s/o to everyone's future accomplishments
Okay so I cant see my mentions...and I forgot who I talked to a week ago....im sad.
4 Ways Timberland Will Halve Its Carbon Footprint by 2015
No sweep! Finally Melo stopped smiling an played ball!
I'm just neutral about this whole thing, I'm not picking a side
Can someone go marry the cell phone towers so they stop going down?
well that's too bad. We'll definitely catch some games throughout summer.
I am a FAN of "frustrated"!
yes it's getting exciting establishing the connections
The only thing hard about this business is my abs!! ~ Matt
Interesting ...that's for sure. :) RT : How are you finding social trend analysis?
above the influence my ass
#4FamousWords Stay Out If It
Hey! It's #FF We welcome our new intern
Our upstairs is uninhabitable. I.N.F.E.R.N.O. Any recommendations on good A/C systems for 2 level MKE homes?????
Ok, Hal! RT : #UsGuys I am that guy......If You were paying attention, THIS, is a "non-issue". Friends, Shall we play a...
Yes. It also goes live online at 8 pm tonight. Although they sometimes post them earlier.
we're so happy to be part of the linkshare network!
No one even pays attention in this class lol
Such a stressful game today. Thank god they pulled through by 1. Go CATS. Love you UK
Hey, give me a break: last night was my first-ever tweet! I need to get some new professional pics taken.
Jay Friedman of #AudibleMagic says: we're tagging music in the BG of old TV shows to create "commerce experiances."
#JMS: Turn summer internship rejection into a positive. Ask for specifics on how you can improve for next time. Then improve. Reapply.
Thank you so much for the nice message :))
Im gagging over the Lady Gagathon!
thanks for the love!
watching bigie behind the music
“ I would like to see art that highlights health inequalities and draws a line in the sand. #s4pm” yes
Houston Home & Garden Market opens this Friday,2pm @ George R Brown Conv Center! From windows & doors, to ceilings and floors!
LOL! You'll have to give me the recipe;-)
The Scale demo at the GDC experimental gameplay workshop looked deeper and more intuitive.
Definitely will say hi!
this shit is too funny lol
Damn I ain't getting no love right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
imma be sore on Monday ! Lower body too ! #OMG I'm scared
I make your money like a ghost call it casper bucks
Follow me back bro
RT : Hey Heather I enjoyed the call thanks to for reminding me:) thanks
I Don't Even Want To Talk To Anybody Today!
Going on at 4p to preview our joint story on tornadoes w/ We ask, are we #stormready? Join us!
One day ima start goin to church again on Sundays !!!!
I've wondered about that too....
thank you Mr. Barker for promoting adopting a shelter animal. They are the most amazing and loving companions!
Tonight the moon meets up with #Mars in #Virgo- instead of being critical channel that energy into self-improvement and fitness
Thats an insult to men to call that gun toting thug a man.
lol how was school?:)
Thnks QT : I feel you bro. I know exactly how u feel. I've been in your shoes...
I want to buy all the flowers tiny knit hats and scarves.
morning or afternoon ?
Restorative practices and youth courts in the middle school.
Theres a couple things I wanna do
Who else is going to this weekend? I hear it is dress-up for Halloween! Can't miss an excuse to dress-up!!!!
meet your biggest fan (x
I can't stand wannabe's! No originality havin muth@!#%$'s. Get a life, lame!
to all my beloved followers no words can appreciate ur help in promoting my Florida thriller "PYTHON" 7.89 AMAZON
You post statuses saying your single, in my eyes your still mine.
nice dick, cud b better if pubic hairs was shaped up.
Playing with the web.config file for my library's website. I have the power!
Go you!
Great event Team VA! : Hundreds of Women for Obama supporters out in Falls Church #FiredUp for
OKC Party Bus Gift Cards are now available for the ultimate Christmas Gift. $100-$1000 values Call 405.447.2446 to order today!
i have a phone interview this afternoon. #pleasethinkgoodthoughts #ineedallthe joojooicanget
Haha I'd die without my tv! that's too funny. Xoxo
Spring beauty today! HIGH: 72. Saturday pick of the weekend. Sun, late t-storm. HIGH: 71. Washout Sunday. 1-3" rain & wind. Tapers Monday.
did Barca really have 82% of possession?
"Whats that suppose to mean?" - lol please follow back?
always keep ur hopes up & if don't come to you than u go to him! #HuntHimDown Lol
Was just thinking the same thing about you, #WalkerFailure. MT : "... prone to stunning degrees of inaccuracy."
im sorry guys tried to cover it, I didnt want to mess up everyoneso day but lil man is down!
Damn I forgot to put washing powder in and close da lid. My clothes been in dis bitch doin da aquaman for bout a hour!
iphone “: RT if you're touching an Apple product. #SteveJobs”
no she said Tia tweeted it yesterday.. She said they want more money
ding ding ding, excellent job, you must have experience painting! Happy Friday :)
Makin a manly homecooked meal and looking foward to watching 's #LightsOut with
This is My New Twitter so please follow me and try to get me 1,000 by today.
I'll keep it real... It's hard being me, but with His help I'makin it
The lights go down at #pdxCandide ... Excited!
Did you hear about the guy from Newfoundland who was twenty-two years old before he knew which part of the olive to throw away?
on my way to get certified to register people to vote very important that we vote. votehenrybrim.com
after having a long day its nothing like peace, and a glass of wine.
she needs it! She's bein a pill this morning!
You might be thinking of Audiomation
Bogart rock'n it at O'RILELY'S IN #DALLAS # ROCKMUSIC
I heard an ad for a service called "Stash" by Mozy. They said "Mozy's Stash" twice, it made me shiver both times.
S/o to my bm. She stay stuntin but she know she fucked up lol aint no replacing a real nigga straight up.
just got word that our albums mixing is now done, now just waiting for album art then to cd baby and Itunes we go! ;)
Check out tonight starting 10pm.
It's hard to imagine business today without the "e" in front of it...
sure you are at the gym?
See if he'll sing Brick House like in Houseguest.
prude is usually perceived as not doing sexual stuff..:o
they go on sale at 4 eastern. :)
Ever notice that 'what the hell' is always the right decision
Finally out of the inning after they struck out Derek Webb.
you go girl :)
our company is owned by over 38 people mostly friends and family Really get sense of family check us out pharmapacks.com
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>(; And ew I know but even the #gross need loving too...just not from me (: hehe
Not about you!
How Michael took me to school yesterday>>> <3
Sometimes I wish I were a little girl without a care in the word, but then I realize I like caring about things too much. <U+263A>
Some thing can change temporarily, but never permanently.
Got coffe. Went to my desk, took a sip and it's cold. Grr. Brewing fresh now.
u too!!! Xoxo
Hey George -- Hope you are well. Let's talk next week.
And we start on the power play!
Gonna try and watch a bunch of dem superhero movies tonightt. Preavengers
5-8-77....Weir: Take a step back, and take yet another step back. Garcia: That way all your friends won't be real bug eyed.
she said wassup I miss her too !
Of course come find me at the tailgate for pudding shots and gummy bears!
If I were to pick a secondary word, it'd be painful.
": i am mike sorge. i am a pretty pretty princess. #tweetjack" yes! I'm glad this is still happening.
#ThingsThatPissGirlsOff when you talk to their friends:/ lol
For the first time, I actually used an iPad for something other than playing #templerun and it sucked
Biggest motivation for coming to during graduation week? No line for the showers.
I say things without realizing it. I think out loud ALOT...
Nice day for a family ride to support a good cause - thanks
Getting ready for #AUSTREAM yes . excited iloveyou austin . !
First night in Nova Scotia. Beautiful and chilly. I'm in love.
nice, we're still rockin' the plastic tree, fits nicely in the corner of our apt.
I'm to excited for my next track!!! <333333
that's the most intelligent thing i've heard anyone say in years.
#10ThingsIWantToHappen Teleporters. Get on that, science.
oh well it's good. I'm glad your done with that now ! :) And you're welcome
um k.
I always like a dog so long as he isn't spelled backward. ~G.K. Chesterton
I'm interested in getting involved with Hollywood East TV as a television personality/host. Can u please send me some info?
I miss middle school
my mama in dere listenin to trouble ft. waka
you working today
I love your show. I wish you the best. It's a great deal of fun.
love it !
OKC! Thats how you close out a quarter!
Lauper,bowie, and Tracy Chapman. Many more of course.
Bend it over , touch ya toes. whip it out , show them hoes ya bank roll.
tweet away!
Just ordered a Dual Quad Core Dedicated Server from
great article... good read!! thanks!!
Joanne Kares, lifelong UNC-CH superfan's fantasy job is as a sportscaster on ESPN's Sports Center (Go, Heels!)
Tx! Was an experience. 1st time I've heard prof say "batshit crazy" & "snorting cocaine off of a hooker's ass"in office hours.
sleep is 4 people who ain't making money
Watching Modern Family...I want to go to Disneyland on Friday. Who is in?
The #RainDelay playlist = AWESOME!!
Yeah, it was delicious. Milwaukee burger and BBQ chicken egg rolls. I didn't figure I could win again, just helping.
I didn't lose anything tonight.
#mptech #socialtech Great insight: Social Web will have more (better) info on our customers than our own databases will.
ever wanted to go Paragliding ? follow
It's morning!! Seeing today!! Very excited! Freaking out a bit! lol Hahah birthday party, and then 2 hours drive! :) Anyone going?
How's training for the NBA Draft going?
practice practice practice makes perfect.
My grandpa is really sick and not doing well at all. I just really need a hug.
LIN THESE!! Another sportscenter trick to keep you watching. He hasn't played anyone and L A doesn't count bc derek fisher sucks balls.
Get it in! #stoked :-) “: moving on! haha working on touchups for my album today w #LullabiesforGrownups”
I'm pretty sure you mis-construed this...per usual.
Watch Out For Rockets tonite! Outside 8:30P with The Calm Blue Sea, The White White Lights and The Couch
I really feel like i've done something completely wrong. Idk what i did or what to do.
RT : All these levels of non-commitment <<<
Is "epic" this generations "extreme" ?
I feel like the weekend gave me a purple nurple and ran away!
I'll bring the peanuts. M
My nails currently fall in the Bling category-feeling trendy! RT : Up on the latest trends is nail design? bit.ly/oeqOS4
In-house opening for attorney with tech/vendor agreement experience. Please send resumes to .
i kindve want some fried fish and cornbread and rice and greens and some fried chicken AND some sweet potato pie AND some apple
I don't care if you bag on the Yankees, or on me for being a fan, but people making fun of Mariano Rivera is beyond me.
"are you good at keeping secrets?"
- thanks for the RT! If anyone joins our team from Chicagoland I promise to feed them guac! :)
So much to do and not enough time to do it.
im dying without you!!</3
The opening interval for "Somewhere Over The Rainbow" is an octave.
That's a good question. Do you want to play in a league?
Our 6yo is convinced tomorrow is a special day for the Wii. Why? Because, he says, it's Cinco de Mario.
that is not right, hope you feel better, yo boy H
saw two robins in the back yard yesterday ..robins usually mean spring is here :) just hope the weather stays this way!
slow track to another disaster, adjustments need to be made
Kick off your weekend with one of our delicious entrees! Whether you're in the mood for veggies, meats, or sweets, we've got you covered!
Mitchell battles back from leadoff walk to earn 1st save of the year. Hoos win game 1, 6-5, final score.
I fail so epicly I got sunscreen in my eye at 2:30 am
Good luck to the Seattle PI reporters of our fair city.
im still fuckin chopped
New rule: You can't declare yourself a hub of water research and industry if you can't keep sewage out of the basements in your communities.
just followed him =]
We are not makers of history. We are made by history
Keep a eye out for a BRIDAL SHOP scene on #DesperateHousewives tomorrow night!!! I am ON the FINAL EPISODE unzipping Vanessa Williams!!!
what the hell you coming to Atlanta for?
Oh, Prof Hoffer you've made the conference amazing already
2 of my favorite actors 2gether!!
Hi Mike, I shared your recruiter opening with my LinkedIn and Twitter networks via Have a great weekend!
Today is my birthday can you please follow me <3
Got my tattoo today :) its beast
yeah, I watched it a while ago.
president Ted Black on the "Winter Classic": "I'd love to bring the Winter Classic back. I've talked to the league about it."
Ridin around and gettin it otw to the westchester mall with .new music video dropping tonight
Maui, chips, fruit, onions lots of Maui referenced food flavors
What kind of sick cruel person put SALT in my vitamin water D:
Too much of a politician.
thx for sharing our post!
meg is weird
Love it!! Congrats! So happy for you- miss you lots, need to have a get together soon :)
haha 200 tweets, I want it.
that's ur opinion & I appreciate it-1st Amend-however, I also mentioned Christie, Bachman, Rubio, or West! Ur Opinion on these?
Tonight is bouta b too funny
#TeamAshley all the way!! ": Hardcore pawn is all new tonight. "Like" if you are watching!"
happy birthday to you
Thank you all Vets for ur service and fighting for our country and God bless all those who are still fighting.
I remember... It's at least gotta be 70 out tho... Block rules
Chicago Bears sign Concordia University (St. Paul) offensive tackle Tyler Hendrickson.
You've got the twitter hack, change your password!
Statistics...great way to start a Monday...
RIP Dick Clark
I know I'm still a bit of an outsider, but this seems like a typical Hawks performance. No Rondo, No Allen, Celtics now up 7 late
the asparagus is grilled, they use goat cheese and some italian dressing on french bread it's so yummy!!!
Valiant effort from the Fins Today!!! Fought hard from start to finish...very proud! Coach Dunn and Fins play 6pm tmrw!
thanks! we have to get together soon!
My parents had the same tumblers that Roger is drinking from.
Scott Walker couldn't carry Vince Lombardi's jockstrap! #edshow helping to #RecallWalker!
Need 15 minutes of satire and fun? Check out the bite-sized podcast from #Baltimore, the #inversedelirium!
Oh bother. Where is the akla meeting?
are you part of the stop kony movement yet?
I like that. RT The Major League will never play the minor league
yeah it's been a while!! Hope everything is going well too!
Hay Tweet Family......FOLLOW ME :-)
Thanks all the #Lifers & Our Great Marketing Team for your ideas today with . Let's Keep Pushing this album It's
LevelUp is Also a Construction Company too? You guys really are building into a strong working force.
Thank you for coming and sharing your experience and insight with our students and community.
Y didn't UNSC take up the issue of Bahrain in a similar fashion ? Would love your insight.
My moms is so #clutch for these grapes and animal crackers... Don't judge me.
Will Evan Jager drop another steeple bomb?
i miss dancing at parties
thank you! :)
no problem :) follow back!!!!
WE MAKING HISTORY OVA HERE DON'T SLEEP ON US
I'd slash taxes, that's for sure.
I have a new celebrity crush, and his name is
Camp sucks -_-
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest. - Mark Twain
I'll buy ya one Scottro!
I still don't believe it...
Who's excited about Taste & Toast Thursdays ?
Thank u very much ma'am. GOD bless
M I am all steamed out! #steambunsinmybelly thx for the excellent service & great time $2
These mufuckas talking <<<<<<<<
home sweet home:)
plz follow back :D
Happy Friday everyone! Hope to see you at the #2011USWomensOpen this weekend!
Happy to hear you love our product! Shipping is pretty cheap, so you shouldn't have a problem. Safe travels!
Lmaoooooooo im done
My Dad calls the KCAL9 weather girl Evelyn Taft 'Jazzie' because her voice is jazzy, actually more like snazzy...Jackie Johnson is 'Stacks'
Wishes she'd been watching the Iowa game all along.
The one year me and miss celebrating 420 ...because of work. BO!
you boys ready to kill tomorrow?
Stay at a #Disney World Resort, save $1,200, improve quality of life for a child w/ #specialneeds WIN WIN bit.ly/e8t0jm
out of swap space is just a clever JVM software engineer trying to give you a clue
I havnt gotten it yet sadface
practice makes improvement... not perfect
shut up...
Although floaters are not harmful, one should consult an eye specialist in this case because it can be cured permanently.
Orb of red fire sinks below mist swathed horizon as we make our stately progress to a green and pleasant Jerusalem.
the stuff they get away with is insane. They've been outside my apartment downtown for weeks
Be open to the present situation so you can see the splendor all around you and let it guide you to your Highest Self
So ashamed of #Texas Longhorn fans. Stop booing! Hook'em! Class of 81
but i want tried for that boom ha i win!
. no I was quoting obama. I would never vote for Obama... EVAH!! I care about my kids future too much. :)
thank you for agreeing
RT : Your work is beautiful!! #artschat Thank you!
I love my hair today. It's so straight. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081><U+2764>
Needs To B Going To Bed , I Have Work In The Morning .
#teamdamon there I said it.
absolutely. do you have any work samples?
by releasing the album i thought i can get a rest from music.. true, but not in my life.. i'm already working on the 2nd one))
oh but you will!
Fun thing about craigslist transactions: its like a spy rendezvous in a movie. Its a top secret business swap with a total stranger
Im done with the whole situation... Life goes on..
I sincerly HATE being on the train w/ crazy ppl.
Magic Johnson is now the proud owner of the Los Angeles Dodgers !
i need a guy with eduction....a job ... a car.. a personality ... why do i feel like i have to wait a few more years -__-
I Have 20% Battery Too! And I Can't Find My Charger!
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTIN! XOX
Today's Destination : Chloride Cliffs and Rhyolite Ghost Town.
Wow. What a morning. I feel like I should be in a Luke Bryan song
so weak right now! Lol!!!!
Mother speaks to her teenage daughter in their native language, daughter only replies in English. Nothing 'wrong' but a shame.
unbelievable. You really buried the women's victory. Good thing I don't pay to watch your "news" service. Seriously??
1 for me!
did u meet
I'm good... I am glad you like! I hope you do great up there!
Saying goodbye to my bestie today 8-( .. We had lots of fun!!! Happy Birthday Charles!! We will miss you!!! <3
Hey how were those Cheetos? Yummy right?
Oh sweet!! Give me a shout y'all.
A Time to Think O Lord, never allow us to think we can stand by ourselves, and not need You.—John Donne
great meeting all of you. Super geeked.
smhh I've been right here this whole time lol
That was a long day. Very long.
thanks! How much are they?
but we should rather believe the philosophers who say that only the educated are free." -- Epictetus
Cant wait for ABDC #BoyzAreBack where it all started! You guys have come so far! YEA BUDDY!
No it's a Tuesday webcast
RT had some #Milwaukee #Fun at the Brewer game this weekend! Looking forward to #PolishFest next weekend!
Welcome all new followers
that's awesome! Italy does have some really excellent pizza though!
#ImSickOf people making fun Justin Bieber and One Direction
Big st Patrick party Friday 3160 north Clark 9:30pm
Quotes from recognized authorities in Italian history, art, and Renaissance requested for the Mona Lisa Code book launch.
OMG!! Meow, the severely obese cat, has passed away! Cat owners, please don't feed your cats a continuous diet of hot dogs.
Back in the gym working out after months!!!!
Someone gave me a bottle of #SkinnyGirl margarita mix (alcohol incl.) for a gift. I have this to report: not strong enough. That confuses me
SB 1143 (Liu) established task force to develop student success plan considering multiple measures, best practices, barriers, more
waahhoooo come to Iowa to see your big sis :) and i guess you could go to college here too im okay with that.
Texas SC rules trial court abused its discretion by failing to dismiss case on forum non conveniens grounds: In re ENSCO OFFSHORE Int. Co.
"Man Nonsense only causes stress N short to be blessed"
oh yes we are :) how are you guys?
Every chick the same
20% off at the Black Sheep with a #Bloomsday Herald, t-shirt or Gibraltar playbill from Plays & Players
"is it so much to ask that i want a guy inside me?".........
Heading to for dinner tonight. What should I get?!?!
I thought u ment the vow?
Not very many people in the managing copyright clearance for electronic reserves session
I could never read a 400 page book in a week. Got life all types of fucked up....
I do have to admit, our milk stout is pretty amazing. Need to do another #homebrew again soon.
please stop replayin MettaWorldPeace's elbow to James Harden. I feel bad n disgusted!!!!
IDEA: Dress up as the Avengers. Go to movie theater tonight. Buy tickets to Titantic. Baffle theater staff.
I'm gonna use #Hashtags in all of my tweets from now on because I like to annoy everyone including myself.
How much Cheese you got in dem pockets?? So clean your ears out mayne,!,!,!
Still up and at em! Drowsy tech till we die!!!
Getting ready to Rock the Red (tie) while anchoring ABC-2 News at 6. Hoping they can close out the Bruins this weekend.. Let's go #Caps !!!
i love your background(:
hey, just saw this. Would you guys want to get together in Philly the next couple of days. I won't be at Mla this year.
I confess. I crowed about the students.
i gat u
I sound like a dying seal right now.
Works done let the #craftbeerandfun start and by start I mean a
: Tim Tebow said his dog Bronco has been renamed Bronx.
"I die." we were just saying we need more z. We'd like to see you guys too.
Not a day goes by when I don't think if you (: <3
Looking forward to a good night's sleep tonight. #ShamrockShindig took a lot out of me, hahaha :)
Hey its $14 Tuesday! You know any 18" Extra Large pie with up to 2 toppings only $14.
I WILL BE HAVING A LIVE PHOTO SHOOT ON VENICE BEACH AT THE END OF THIS MONTH!!!
amazing job tonight!!! can't wait for Season 4... also so awesome everything you do outside of television & movies! thank u!
New spiderman and batman movies coming out?!?
Penn State kills the penalty
but it's such an ancient grain! ;)
Whether its risk management or E business, online college programs help you learn the same at any point in life. Call upon us for aid...
When your the palest one at the tanning salon and your manager even tells you to go tan.
Word. RT : The children have headed to for a tour. I've never heard such amazing silence in my entire life.
Let's see if it lasts...
So sorry to anyone who has purchased tickets. We will do our best to make it up to you all soon
WooHoo!!! VCU! FINAL FOUR BABY!!! We got NEXT!!!!
no. im just waiting for a korean... kekeke do you drive??
thank you for the fab treats!
"If they tried to censor my music, it'd be like Egypt turning off the internet. "
We got VIP early entry tickets to the NFL experience through my wife's work last Friday.
": Live today like it's your last! (but use a condom just in case it isn't)"
"You the type to recruit the bitches and ain't gon do shit with em but face time | text message and dm..meanwhile she let me split"
Goodness! How despicable! That professor sounds awfully disreputable taken out of context and devoid of irony.
Would you take medical advice from a FAT DOCTOR.......???
Beliebers have so much love and respect for Pattie. We admire her for being brave and strong for herself and Justin. Pattie Is Our Queen
Being myself tonight. This means a girly movie, hot cider, and my journal.
Thanks for bringing joy & deliciousness to our loading dock last night!
Happy to be a baby bee! MT Big props to queen of sci journo, & her UW hive mates for super
Why does love always feel like a Battlefield?
802Brittany Thanks for following...
Beautiful! Hope you enjoyed our world premiere of Alice~ Thank you for joining us!
Sending out a mailing for our sweet April Break Camps!
whatcha watching? Did they get the British accents right, even? I'm a British hick myself
Home, let me go home. Home is wherever I'm with you!
#swimming with my baby and some friends (:
Would love to be watching #MadMen, but I still need to get my hands on Season 4.
The Mesa Historical Museum is about to take flight with our new exhibit on WWII aviation. Take off with us this November!
no better way to start the day
happy bday kid
DOPE THURSDAYS STARTS AUGUST 20TH
It has been raining for almost 2 weeks here on Long Island New York. Can one plant vegetable seeds in soggy soil?
My ears are hyper sensitive today...
“: Using pages of the bible to roll joints #YOLO”
the overwhelming majority of inmates suffer not from labor enslavement but from numbing idleness (Wacquant 2009: 181–184).
#lawlorffs from Kentucky!
Don't let KD get goin
I think you should just go to whatever #THATCamp is closest to you if time and/or money are issues.
you all know better than to hmu after completely fuckin me over . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
going to Utica shopping!!!
summer summer summer summertime!
Customers at #Starbucks who take forever to order after waiting in line 15 minutes themselves are my biggest #pet peeve.
Happy National #Coffee Day. Needed daily, not just in the morning. Free cup in #Philly?
ive asked the same question everyday this week lol
I'll call, to make sure you got the email.
I know it's weird but occasionally I DON'T want to hear mariachi music ALL day!
Does Brenda to Bouncer have LinkedIn? I would love to leverage her network of connections...
thinking about the power of twitter and online networking
I know this is a repetitive sentiment but if the Thunder run the court & exert their will they can't be beat by the Lakers.
It's time to defend the star. Let's go Cowboys!
RE 3D TVs. Nintendo 3D DSI had warnings for children - dangerous to vision. Cannot imagine TV's any better.
awsome! but.....i still feel bad lol
Yay! I'm down to read it if you want more eyes on it.
The bulls game straight trash !!
that sounds like one of the greatest plans I've heard in a long time.
the doll head named Suzie-Q was the funniest.
: "Our vulnerability to sin seems to have direct correlation with our lack of relationship with God."
daughter won Vollyball game
It is nasty! Like when he said "Maybe Justin is the father of Selena's sister or brother!" Like really? That's disgusting.
Hire a #Ghostwriter from Your Thoughts, LLC today! Let us do what you can't do and that's #write your #story while you get the #credit!
Time to get ready for my appointment. I have a feeling I'll be coming home with stitches later this afternoon -__-
#shoutout to all the new followers!! we still have a long way to go though keep telling your friends about us!! thanks every1!!
Rapid development - prototyping - iterative approach helps in navigating the bureaucracy -
Aw I'm so sorry!!
first real picture, the first one is me you and Ambo at that game, ha.
I laughed the longest, loudest & hardest at your "I'm married!" comment. Actually still laughing about it!
Philly fans would clap when an opposing player goes down! N boo him when he gets back up! Keep it classy Philadelphia!
eh, they hand you a free t-shirt. Big deal. Every team in every sport does it. Just think its played out.
Wow that is creepy
#HappyMothersDay dinner. Glazed ham, mac n cheese, candy yams, cabbage, rolls, and fried fish. Yep I #GoHard in the kitchen ^_~
HE PUT DA TEAM ON HIS BACK DOE.
Red rocket strikes again.
I don't have to hire an EC me, there is one one me.
Solid. I might have to speed over there to get some
MAN. Did I speak too soon. Leonard Garcia is one crazy mofo.
just hit 1 million members! Talk about an amazing feat in just 5 months.
I hope is not getting used to watching crime shows and eating pizza on the couch all day.
(Also, sorry for my delayed reply to your question!)
Hey Sarah, thanks for the follow! Fitness rules.
Thinking about what kind of videos veterinarians in particular like to watch... Any suggestions?
Missing our favorite bands at Warped tour in Cincy right now! But we're still rocking out to them in the office!
Wow what a day!
Dear school please die(: love, Me
Put Em' Up <21 I #Love this song!
So nice to see you at that Italian place! I'm sorry we didn't get to talk. Hope you and the family are well!
Booking for 2012!!! We can't wait to see you guys and gals!
How are you liking the new Timeline format? Is anyone having issues?
RT : SLIS Student Research Journal (SRJ) invites submissions from library and information science graduate students:...
Tomorrow. First day of trout fishing. AND MY DAD WOULDN'T TAKE ME TO CAMP!! Everybody else if going..but me
Rainy Day Today in LA! Thank God it's Friday the 13th OH! Spooky! Lots of love to ya
Point being, if not for a couple missed free throws and the greatest team ever assembled (96 UK team), Cal has 2 titles.
Because autistic children can be overly excited in new environments, sometimes autistic children are misdiagnosed as having ADHD.
Hastily done or not, it was well done, bravo!
Can't believe MCA died. Wow
Awesome #Milwaukee, Drink this NYE & DON'T worry about drivin..A is offering a free ride & tow home, call 1-800-222-4357 (1-800-A-HELP)
It's October 1st and I've already seen too many Halloween costumes. Or am I too old for the Eastside now?
Working at NASA is cool, until you try to find a job outside the industry. The skills hardly ever transfer to anything else.
When you're intentionally missing a free throw, the thing you've gotta not do is commit the lane violation.
This fool out here wearing shorts in 30 degree weather.
Interesting -- I'll have to check those more often!
GIRL IT STARTED WIT MS.LISA DEN I WROTE ON HER WALL FROM QUAN PAGE CUS WE AINT FRIENDS GIRL DA BITCH WAS POPPIN LIKE A 'G'
I declare that a new hilarious, heartbreaking, and thought provoking piece starring M.T. shall be uploaded within this week!
seems like ESPN cherrypicking stories, and when ACC is a 'victim' ooooohhh boy, lookout!
i havent been on here in like a month :/
Heaven is acceptance of what is. -Lubavitcher Rebbe
"Jump" by Van Halen.
I remember when called MIZZ3RD lmaoo
lol, only when absolutely necessary!
my hip is subluxed and it's not okay
heymichael michael michael michael hey!
Random #FF of some of my faves:
Paranoid sis screamed at me 4m the bathroom 2 find out who opened the door. I freaked out n searched the house while she locked herself in.
RT : what's up with the Birthday Weekend? >Too much...I started too early...I'm old & tired. LOL!
lol! Aw, thanks brotha. This really made me laugh ;)
I'm at 6. Congrats! Are you going out tomorrow night?
gangoos ginggeeeess where you been all semester?
she still going to the club
Can't bring myself to study anymore bc I'm trying to figure myself out....how convenient <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
a definite wise purchase. Wyeoak
All email down during prime email hours. Strike 2 for C'mon guys.
in the future, cats live at least 40 years
ratifying early voting hours in the Clerk's office at Thursday's 11 am mtg in room 107 in the CCB.
Can you tweet it at us? Might be easier for us to get it.
“: Come unto me, ye who are weary and overburdened, and I will give you rest. -Matthew 11:28” favorite verse (:
just work. Any news of where to get your tequila label yet?
The sexy times start well before page 100 in my 50 Shames parody.
Alright alright Alright!!! (in my Kevin Hart voice) Its about time to bring out the winter coat!!!
In Bells are Ringing (1960), J. Holliday uses her sweet sense of shock, surprise and naïveté to lift up three men drowning in disappointment
Looking for a Hair Assistant with experience! DM me with your info.
The feeling of nervousness when left alone with a cute girl.
I wear my pride on my sleeve like a bracelet if God had an iPod, I’d be on his playlist
from like a video?(:
I hate when meat gets stuck in between my teeth
Any plans for GW2 to run on a Mac? Many people play on them, too!
does anyone else love Santigold? <3
The developers need to put out some good tweets, then you will get mad love
Bonefish happy hour 4_6:30, saucy shrimp, bang bang, fish tacos cheap. House wine $3.
so sweet:)
On the road this morning promoting new movie 'Fair Play'. Next stop, Beau Rivage Casino n Biloxi, MS. Go on stage in a couple of hrs!
Thanks for pointing that out. Sorry We've re-retweeted.
work it!!
Reading "Hit Hard" by Joey Kramer of Aerosmith. Lots of Rascals reference in there :)
RT: May 12th "guest bartending appearance" by George #Kottaras at ! 9pm #Brewers Diamond dancers too! (For those who missed this)
Track 13 is mean and stupid. Please ask Amtrak dispatch to stop parking trains there.
Bringin home the hardware
thanks!! I am very happy about the positive changes!
I have Incubator envy... so cool!!
When people want to talk shit online...but they type your instead of you're ... LOLOL<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Dear Chicago Traffic: ILU! 20 mins to get home! Chicago people: were you abducted??
#hurt&anger
never too cold for 1 of your margaritas!
pls email me
good to hear !!!
#rawr i'm so bord twitter!!! i'm gunna go to bed night tweeters :D
This is cancelled quickly.
Mom: "Did you hear the Easter Bunny during the night?" Me: "Yeah, he was muttering a lot of weird, vaguely racist things..."
so true! I said I would be in bed by 11:30, and I've clearly missed my deadline!
I WILL snooguhms
r u being serious?! Bc it's my birthday and... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
yes! Even 2 little tables! Heck, I'll just bring a picnic blanket for that patch of grass next door!
studying for bio
oh YAY!! you rock! GREAT to see you in Vegas! KEEP HEALTHY and WELL #1 and thanks for being an angel with us to help another!! :)
Breakfast at Mothers Cafe with my bride for the start of our 11th year of marriage!
Love how you read it! My first choice dogs are terrier group, not labs. Would take a "wireless lab" if like K-9 from Dr. Who
I move back June 2nd c:
Stopping terrorism at its roots: UMaryland's Arie Kruglanski & Michele Gelfand today at noon
Vitamix changed my life. It can change yours too.
We're back! Open 11am-4pm today to satisfy your cravings. Reminder: Spring/Summer hours start the first weekend in May.
RT “: Women love to hear "I'm sorry" ... Men love to hear "You're right" :P”
You morons who posted that #Packers trade should try to be patient and not have to be the first guy to scoop everything.
A good friend is some1 who makes u laugh even if u dont want and whos there 4u through thick n thin
THAT IS YOUR ONLY FUNCTION
We're getting your street team back in gear. Sorry for the long break. <|3
An essay and a final and I'm half done with college.
it should work. Try typing the full http address. I cut and paste
RT : He trains my hands for war, so that my arms can bend a bow of bronze. Psalm 18:34
lol!!! Right away!
Its friday. There is a new M83 album. I finished my reading. And did I mention its friday?
Oh and hey is not working on my computer. What's up with that?
"What do you want for your future? Would you run if I said you? Would you chase me if I did?"
Smart City will be listed under Facility/Other Contractors in the Forms and Brochures section.
Everything you ever wanted to know about theme.
- Bacon bits in spaghetti
A: DARLING LITTLE BUGGER!! B: Compiling suggestions now, muahaha [Voldemort laughs]
I know you are jealous! You working today?
My whole facebook news feed is babies.
If you could give me the time I could show you why I'm better than her . <U+10E6>
good luck! hahaha.
How was your Monday? Redstar living and feeling good! ;)
This P.J.? : dude come pick me up! I'm dead serious.
Probably going to start using this, but I refuse to use "#"
I am war with
no clue you were in toronto- how do you like it there?
Just moved the ceremonial mace out of the rare bk rm for commencement. Congrats WM law grads!
Thank you. It's a little serious, a little fun, I think.
have any convio certified techs to lend us? ,<3
going to go have some tasty beers today!
thanks for the following and let's do it big in 2011!
wow the GOP's hearing on #birthcontrol is such a charade. a bunch of suits patting eachother on the back bc they already know they agree
Only certain guys should wear sweatpants.
Summer!!! Please #HURRY <U+2600>
YES! Sadly, flight is delayed. But it gives me more time to put the finishing touches on this journal article :-)
You go girl! My day is going fine.
Great opening weekend for our production of "Bye Bye Birdie". All performances were sold out!
I know it looks so cool! I'm watching it at my friends house lol yes! I can't wait!!
dw it'll make you laugh if you've seen what I'm talking about
RT "Exposure" don't pay no fucking bills.... they can find some that will.do it for free but they prob wont be that cute
Omg!!Power went off and I was all why isn't my blow dryer working? wow i really think I need a nap or some caffeine cause I'm out of it!
everywhere we go, everywhere we go, people wanna know.... ;p
Next time we'll need you to accidentally make too much. Why do presidential candidates get all the fun?
You be safe Ayanna
My twitter never works!
#adele is the shit... Hitting them notes without a strain!
should follow !
…Did that chick just drop an s-bomb on live TV?
Truck heading out
yes yes, busy but always having fun! What have you been up to??
Write your injuries in dust, your benefits in marble. -- Benjamin Franklin
No he lives in Ohio. I guess he started feeling bad last night & it got bad enough to go the hospital.
Nothing's wrong
Nice Casino up there?
now dis girl speakin ayanas language or julia language
nah I'm tryna forget my name
College recruiting questions? Ask us!
birthday sex!!!! and baha
A lot of posers out there trying to steal our PBJ idea.
Thanks. It reminds me that the lemons of life make for more interesting drinks.
I'm not gonna argue over twitter. We both know what I think. We both know what you think. It's done it's over with. I love you
Thank you Giesla! Still trying to figure out this Twitter stuff!
Mine would be breakfast of champion owner? RT : No matter what i eat for breakfast, it's the breakfast of champions.
Whomever gave twitter...thank you
We out here Orlando fuck wit me BREAD WINNERS
Happy Pi Day!
the fire at mission and valencia seems to be at the Lotus Garden (vietnamese) restaurant building. lots of smoke blowing toward us.
looking forward to working with you as Houston's Attractions needs a operations agreement and an Entertainment Attorney
Country probably needs to go full confederation a la Switzerland. Prob is education is lacking, so you'd have f-ed up cantons.
“: “: Is this a 2hr finally? #AskScandal ”nope just an hour! But it is jam packed right!???” <<<<damn
Dear CJ Watson, stop shooting the ball!
I'm in New York!! What's Goody??
Not me. My hatred for Brady and Pats far surpasses my distain for Tebow and the Broncos. Besides, everyone likes an underdog.
Mission Impossible marathon with
I have a weakness for women who can sing
sorry we didn't find any active game to delete (DG8sa-jp)
hahaha nut.. I miss you too! Everything is muy bueno, wish we lived in the same city though! Everything going well with you?
ok, i can has focus now, these focus attention pills are like smart pills, they increase my uberness past the 1337 1v1
lmaoo it so vivid i was confused!
Will do and thanks!
When you go to Sheels and ask for the thick underarmor
Thanks for the follow. I'm just up the road in KY.
Hanging out with my best friend Skol tonight
all melted now!
"Beneath the makeup and behind the smile, I'm just a girl who wishes for the world" <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Google+ has 50m daily users and 100m monthly users according to
Some good training happening here
Having a Forreal jam session. We sound amazing
Thanks to everyone who came out to the show last night! It was so much fun!!! We love you all.
your post are funny, I enjoy them...
I don't want to hurt you, but I need to breath .
Charge it to my head and not my heart good brother. I have literally been making hundreds of calls. Send me your number.
would like to have our meeting...whats your schedule?
Happy Mothers day to all of the wonderful moms out there
Thanks Allison!
Kmsl, I'm not talking to you, your dismissed.
Ooh, love sliced beef on salad, too!
Make your own history.
Will microsoft be reaching out to developers who didn't attend the conference?
has your week been going?Have you recieved all three of these responces? 140 Characters makes me crazy!
Breaking in a new pair of boots. Wonder how long it will take?
Well, at least at the airport all the chairs are bolted down.
New Report Estimates Illicit Drug Use Costs U.S. Economy $193B Annually I would think a large understatement. Family health now
Andrea is an outstanding, positive professional and special person. Congrats Andrea!
I waved to you when u were landing at LAS - did u see me Vegas visitor? ;)
No one is dead, except for all the rabbits
interesting, especially being a former Edelman employee.
I'm feeling weird tonight. A strange and rare good mood. Come on ruin it. I dare ya. Give it a try.
yes doll love .
The fray’s cover of Kanye West’s "Heartless". <33333
BGC is a mess.....lmao at some of these girls
A great man will not trample upon a worm, nor sneak to an emperor.
Gainesville this weekend
What are your favorite holiday traditions? What are you most excited for this winter?
awww man. :'( RIP Dick Clark. New Year's Rockin' Eve won't be the same without you.
You did it!
Happy Birthday Darrin!!! Have some good cake today. You are my favorite actor. Have a good day. Love ya bro!!!
MYC members are attending workshop on using social media to influence public policymakers.
Chanting is a fun way to pray. It massages the spirit and tunes the soul.
Off to find food in Ulmer sc and I got a little bit of cell service finally.
Wow RT James never missed a beat. He made caring for me look effortless. Gave up a lot to love & care for me
Haha, but how can you not love Robin?! Mrs. Doubtfire = classic
ducked off, workinn RT": We're You Been Wifey"
who attracted the teams 2 move n & challenge me, i have nothing 2 prove 2 any1 i just want 2 retire. THEN on the LiveStrong Eliptical!!
I m thankful to God for everything. He is holding me all the time, this is my true experience.
Apparently the Messiah lives in Denver, wears #15, and goes to the grocery store after broncos games.
The opportunity of today is worthless unless you act on it-RM.
HAHAHAHAHA amazing RT : “: To this day, circle table kids still scare the crap out of me. #Lowry”. Classic. LOL
SIEVE! 2-1 Bucky after a breakaway, great centering pass and score by Hillary Knight
thanks so much! :)
I'm just playin...you'd have to be DEAD for that song not to get you worked up!!
I HAVE 2 TICKETS TO 2013 AT THE VERIZON CENTER AH IM SO EXCITED :) thanks
Travis County approves #apple incentives package 4-1; Eckhardt votes against. deal is done.
Ben is beginning "The Producers" tomorrow.
“: #askanything: what is the first body part you notice in an attractive person?” Eyes
Southland is literally filming in my doorway. Cameo?
So is 's new THING to immediately talk shit on famous people roughly two minutes after they die?
The fact uk still has a chance to win this game is pretty unreal
Show of hands: who reads entire emails (every sentence, every paragraph)?
When it rain place a bucket outside and catch your blessings.
Having a great time working along side my friend and fellow Champion, Todd Bender teaching a 4 day Mental Management for skeet clinic!
You too get home safe RT : have a good rest of the night
Only had the dude. almost killed the chick. Ordered bagel, chick sliced her hand, had to rush to hospital
Raining. Bad day. Maybe I'll just look forward to Sat to AAM in Minneapolis. MN seems so exotic right now. Nice though.
hahahaa. I love my iPhone! It's the ish!!!! <U+2728>
its an awesome season...best yet -- except for Colton and Alicia
Thank you! We should hangout sometime...soon. Have a gr8 wkend!
Check your receipt for the download link!
Why don't I drag her along if I go :)
was a great turnout, lots of wonderful food & good to see new faces
Love me some ! Florence and the Machine gets me MOVIN'!
I realized how badly I want to see Big Time Rush at the House of Blues in Boston, going to try somehow to go hopefully
Bud Norris just struck out 4 batters in one inning....ties major league record.
if only she knew she had us with the ears.
Hey thanks for the follow guys! I was just dancing to dance music, awesome that I get to listen to your tracks! Cheers
We love the new NPS Civil War page!
I don't care what anybody thinks but I love watching #AdventureTime on Cartoon Network :)
Poetic justice <3
I may over the Summer. I'll keep you posted, for sure!
My horoscope compared my social scene to Saving Private Ryan. I mean...yeah...working on Saturday ain't fun, but it's not THAT bad.
be safe!
Hilarious. RT : Every time there's a huge clap of thunder my husband yells "BEHOLD His mighty hand!"
RT : Sky Sports in the UK! Tampa Bay vs Minnesota
Anabolism is tied to circadian rhythm. You must get adequate sleep to build muscle mass effectively. Build sleep into your workout routine.
How do you write a scope and content note for 18.5 mil emails? Love that I'm thinking about it. NARA training has gotten much better.
Direct shot at Mitt with his "envy" line! Ha-ha, love it! That will make EVERY pundit show tomorrow.
August 6th is Veterans Appreciation Day in Indy, 10a - 4p, American Legion Mall. Free to military families.
I just finished a 1.01 mi run with a time of 11:11 with Nike+ GPS.
We were curious what everyone else used, so we can use terms people understand, not just industry folks
Can I get with my English teacher when I graduate?
so sorry BH! Day for upsets :)
that happened to me the last couple of times too. Finally had enough time this morning.
What's it like to feel normal? Asking for myself.
Should I feel better that my bike was stolen now that I've realized that the entire bike rack loop I locked to was uprooted / stolen too?
I bet you've never heard of the separation between Church & State, right? The church should not influence civil issues.
Pemaquid Ale, no question RT : Thinking about Maine microbreweries as summer approaches. What are your favorite Maine beers?
BREAKING: Former #Patriots & #Chargers LB Junior Seau Found Dead.....More News To Come
have you seen the google homepage? lol
rollin me one gettin ready for the #BGC8 reunion...... its about to go down...
I swear to god, if I have to her one more Eminem song e_e
liberals are full of hate any time someone says something you don't like you spew out a bunch of hate, and bigotry
I JUST MIGHT BE A SUCKER FOR LOVE!!!
Keep calm and fall in love with Austin mahone.
I will be calling you soon
no they are a non breed. Coyote ..wild dog..rat..lmao
and for campaigning on change the new boss is a whole lot like the old boss.
They seem to be adding LinkedIn to Klout profiles a few at a time. Took over a week for mine. alphabetically? ;)
Would you approve of Sean Penn? B/C one of my Bohemians looks just like him.
Final score looks rough, but I wanna say "way to go," to who went up against tonight! Can't wait 2 see you skate soon!
Which are things that are rare as hell.
haven't seen you since you were on wwe/wcw, hope everything is going good, glad your on twitter!
#grammys Glad Adele is back stronger than ever.
A whole day with my little one.
Atta boy Ian
Thanks! :D
Lets run away together.... Jk i have asthma
Such a cute shot!
K-Dezzy going to be Ritz Friday Im in there fasho
Ready for this 3 day weekend
"Life Inside The Jamie Dimon Bubble" #huffpost There's no unemployment, everyone I know is a millionaire, we don't need Fed regulation. . .
<3 Guns&Roses
yuk! Will they really try to play?
POTUS address to joint Congress usually for STATE OF Union and 4 emergencies/crisis: 14million w/out jobs IS A CRISIS. #GOP not showing up?
Ima miss FloridA
Last day of class was rad.
Everyone is fighting their own battle. To be free from their past. To live in their present. And to create their future.
oh bumz!! glad you're feeling better ;)
i know a homeless just walked into the reference lib because the instant she did i had to smell myself and make sure it wasn't me
Dam u should get fresh air it'll probably make u feel better
Four experts opine on enterprise benefits of social media technologies - TechTarget
Today is the birthday of both William Hazlitt (a 19th-century author) and Joseph Pulitzer.
Atlanta has got to stop playing ZONE!! MAN UP!! Bree's is killing us.
The #Pacers are playing like champs!!!!
I am just tired of hearing sorry
Dating is exciting for both singles. A few suggestions to show them you love them:
getting ready for recording session
Pop quiz which teams fans show up later #Nats or
Thank you for listening to me vent.. im glad you had intrest! (:
Thanks for a dynamic and engaging #PdPlus call - was a great time!
Totes agree! : emma stone! i LOVE!!!!!! "it's purple and fuscia and there's an eagle"
corner guy. A little pop. Don't think he'll have a huge impact. Should see some time vs LHP.
It's gonna rain later tonight :))
ME OF CURSED IM HIS DAUGHTER ...
On exec #ILSHRM executive board call with & others
You guys, just joined Twitter! If you're cool, you will follow him.
Thanks for the RT! =)
that's not it
I'm a facebook kind of guy. It's like Apple vs. PC. Twitter is the PC.
#Facebook buys #Instagram. Instagram app now sucks. Coincidence? I think not.
oh hes the sexiest rollar skate ever!
on justin bieber
All the colours//Inner light. Brightbrightbrightbrite
Make us part of your plans tonite! Enjoy happy hour, free live jazz music, or a great dinner in our dining room. Check us out PDX!
So excited about performing at the WGI regional this weekend!
Tomorrow is National Walking Day! If you're downtown, join us and local sponsor at the World Trade Center Plaza at noon...
No e.e
It's available to rent on iTunes!
A kiss perhaps? U do need something tho. RT : I'm feeling greedy and like somebody should just give me something.
It was my pleasure! I hope Austin treated you well.
What #RObotz plan on going to 's EP Release party?
Happy early B-Day
do u have a instgram??? :0
It also plots results from clustered instances side by side for comparison. Provides visual clues to long term trends in performance.
Me-What r u gonna do 4 ur bday 2day Gigi? Gigi-I would say Im going 2 go out and party, but unfortunately,those days went out a few yrs ago.
Your reaction to kissing Meredith on tonight's #theoffice was hilarious! Good stuff!!
Honestly, I'd believe in the Bible if it expressly forbade neckties.
Larry Scott: College sports are still highly undervalued b/c of large-scale fragmentation, which is confusing to marketplace & lessens scale
#sad :/ wishh i could see him <U+2665> i love you !!
Everything will be okay in the end. If it's not okay then, it's not the end <3
LOL, so my video of me being Zayn has 20 comments saying im fat and ugly and that I'm going to burn for talking about muslims
Back to Indy...FINALLY
Gameday called it a strike.
so glad you enjoyed! *happysnoopydance* RT : So um the cornbread was so worth the wait.
So lovely to wake up to a beautifully put-together crib (thank you !). So not nice that that wake-up was at 2am. Yawn
there's 1 other girl he always talks 2
Greeeaatt! Now my laptop won't charge!!! Ugh!
#WaysToImpressMe seeking help when you need it
#Imagine Zayn:"I feel like kissing someone..." You:"Okay?" Zayn:"Do you want to be my victim? Please? I'm begging you!"
For the Lord is good and his love endures forever; his faithfulness continues through all generations. Psalm 100:5 <3
espn is trying to trade wade
me too lol
#Music always makes me feel better. :)
i'll give it to you no interruptions
Well it was certainly well accomplished then!
Seriously! I think FB might just have some bugs. Had other issues saving information when I edited pages as well.
great seeing and AJ out in Crafton. Keep up the great work like y'all do!
passion for urban education waning after one of my students stole my iphone today. :( not sure I can keep going...
Who was the awesome duo that opened for taylor swift?
lets see that shit, son!
Best part of an overcast day... Lots of curriculum writing and game plotting. Now, Brewgaloo!
happy all over, except for one small sad spot on her heart. Being surrounded by love is wonderful, but it does remind you of those so missed
Can you reach?
Office happy hour
I should hop not unless you are RuPaul or something...was asking my makeup artist social friends for help
Gr8 4 Mitzvah receptions 2! RT : Rather than an open bar, offer guests a specialty beverage that is as delicious & memorable
she is actually really smart. Just a great actor.
Thanks for the mention Nicole . Good energy to you .
i want a puppy so bad
No better show on television than
David Stern?
Interesting panel , , & &Nephew on pitfalls of poor partner mgmt conf.
ugh but he was like my best guy friend
Stan Van Gundy or Nate McMillan. Rockets inability to show up for UTA/PHX last week is the real issue. That is on McHale.
I just saw Rampart among hundreds of SAG screeners (I'm voting). It's the best movie I've seen maybe ever. You are incredible.
Can't get enough of the
Wow is all I can say
“: No more fiesta. :( fuck it. I need a new car. Theres always next yr. :) woop” what? sold out?
lol the tables have turned.....
- my One Touch Ultra is so expensive even w/insurance - as expensive as insulin :-( take care :-)
do you have a number to.get in touch with you with
haha. We had a lot of songs that year. Guess who got pretty cute.
Thanks! I will be out of the Frankfurt office. Just finalizing a few things before I move.
Todays second word of the day: banal
Drafting my comp paper on #OpenAccess politics - overwhelmed. Going to have questions about #library budgeting for #subscriptions... takers?
Love begins in a moment, grows over time, and lasts for eternity.
hey guys! has it's showcase on Weds March 14th. Will you be there then?
let me know if you are looking for a mixer.
Keynote speakers will be Mark L. Schoenfield from Vanderbilt and John Richetti from Univ. Penn. Should be a great conference.
Just went on an unfollowing spree. Whoops :)
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk. ~Doug Larson
Productive evening Weekend at Bernies & researching different kinds of wings for 2morrow night
how's this for a smoke signal.
Imma start being a whore siince no one don't know what a good boy is. Whores i see, pull more ppl than good boys and girl. Shit #
HA HA! I've done that too!
We found love in a hopeless place!
Online shoppers beware.My Barnes & Noble order can't be delivered by Xmas but they say I can't cancel it. Mad at
K Mac(; haha real name Kody, you?
We have a secret weapon named you have seen 'em at a show or 847
Freshest Ingredients + Made At Home = Food with Optimal Health Benefits
Weed-wacked the yard. No longer have use of my right arm.
and you're so gorgeous.
me 2... It's sad but I kinda like being a Vampire...
walking on water.
First, cool photo! Second, I'm so pumped for you and these plans. Trekking the Contin. Divide Tr. is now on my bucket list!
I never eat at Arby's but their orange cream shake is gonna be a summer addiction
lol I see what you are saying but job or not I still have ways to make money.
hardy,Henderson,dc,Alex, joey b, Eddie w
This weekends gunna be great! Going to some art show with Craig:) and dress shopping! It needs to be the weekend already! GAH! Stupid school
CAP -- is the Acronym for the New Volunteer-Driven Criminal Justice Alternative to Arrest, Probation and/or Incarceration.
Summer 2012 is when the fantastic five become six. 963 Mixsquad, the best of the best!
Mayweather getting tired
Ha! The secret to making anything better.
loved you and your sister on interior therapy. Very supportive of your mom.
Tweet Tweet :)
well you still like me...
plane in Millersburg makes a hard landing Linn County Sheriff's on the scene
is it thursday yet?
haha seriously, thanks. Just gonna smile, talk to people and give them free pens <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
So many things to discover, learn , explore, innovate in this new phase of my life.
How much of it does he play? Does he say anything about it? RT I shouted!!!! That's Gary!!!!!! Lol
Once upon a time there was a phone with no front camera. I have thy phone
surprise tests are not surprising at all -_-
Fab lunch ! Tasty spicy shrimp over rice, shrimp har gow and chicken potstickers. I'm stuffed!
Dammit its always sumthing.8-) and them ppl goin off they aint bout that work. they mad they woke up. lol
Oh I was at the ball field and someone whistled at me... I'm like just keep walking sir. -.-
when jae dances>>
I mean, I could see leaving a shoe or two. Or a shirt. But pants?! It wasn't even hot today.
Having a right now and watching the padres look horrible....... its the beginning of the season right?
I actually thought the senior prank was hilarious Millard North slays (:
I hate Valentines day, even if I have someone to be with or not. It's overrated because you shouldn't be nice to someone for just ONE day!
I just learned about it over the weekend. It's pretty funny
your not alone lol
that's a great way to end the weekend.
sounds fun. I'm in bed, watching news.
There was a Club Zoo in Parkway Center??? Was it an underage club? DID YOU EVER GO?
Dad said my hair would never look like his cause he has a weird ass color xD
I follow more people on my "real" account; but here, not so many. so if you follow me here, I might follow you back from there.
#TANF is a program that helps women and children make the jump from unsafe relationship to a safe place.
Leaders don't create followers, they create more leaders. -Tom Peters
S/o to #Ohio n for being the lowest seed to reach the #sweetsixteen since 2006
Hit it strong hit it good/hit it firm hit it hard mr.petrified wood.
last dance
I don't know saw gabe was following him, thought he was hot, so I hit FOLLOW! lol
We have a brand new show/DJ for you! "The G-Spot" w/DJ Sinna-G, every Sat 2p-3p (ET). Be sure to tune in!
word to the wise. Don't say "Loo-ee-ville" when you're in #Louisville, #KY. They pronounce it "Lou-a-vul." Really, they do.
you don't find many people with 'amateur baseball fan' in their profile description. to see you on Twitter.
lol it came on while driving home and I hit myself for singing
Wtf I'm mixing my 11 with 100 o.O, I blame who ever touched my milk in lunch
shit I got busy and forgot to come back at 5:30. Damn it!
Hubby and I have decided we want a Pygmy Hippo. So adorable :)
Aw, what's the matter, , can't handle a little iPad release traffic?
#Slappy MT Hamilton's last six ABs: Five HR, one double, 10 RBI. As noted by , more RBIs than Pujols has all season.
i think one of my fav songs is #saysomething its the new thing every1 is tlkin bout<333
"Ursula & Gudrun Brangwen sat one morning and a police officer was forced to release pepper spray to maintain safety."
WI needs 2% econ growth to keep up w/pop increases etc. Math challenged #WalkerFailure touts Philly Fed forecast of < 2% growth
don't do it. Try the gum first.
I know your doing this to piss me off lol
Check out our fam International Mo B. our blog post today is an interview with him!!!
"A #Keynesian at a restaurant discovers he can't pay. How to keep the bill from coming? order more food!"~ via #Joke||
Dallas store looked great Simmon asked in french about top,it was Dries just FYI we have you dining room chairs in house!
Harden has shot more free throws than the entire blazer team
How can someone not want to celebrate their birthday. Eating bd cake without him
haha nothing forget it
indigenous populations want an intercultural library filled with publications and documents they have produced or created
RT this if you love as much as we do ! They have the best
#1DdaretodreamUS Miami signing!!!
VERIFY PSANDERS PLEASE!!! I'm so proud of you<21
LOL thank you (: how old r u ?
Allway working your Ass off Avril
Plus I'm breaking out
STUPID MINI OLYMPICS!!!!<U+E416>
is the moral of this story that to become a famous musician, one must get arrested? You'd think there'd be many more famous people.
North Carolina, wasn't John Edwards your senator? And you're worried about gay people destroying the sanctity of marriage?
Aye man you sell bud?
Fall issues now available at and !
waddduppp twitter. entertain me ;)
This Southern Conference Championship is just super fun to watch!
if u hate facebook RT me.
yeah we were in the pool when it started getting bad...time to go inside!
“Marvelously plotted and deliciously sophisticated, I’ll be raving about this book for a good long while!” Paula McLain on TIGERS IN RED...
. #edcocp Network thinking looks at structures, roles, and change in shape. Hubs, bridges, clusters, are examples.
oh I know what you mean now smh not even 2 ppl on here would do anything to help
See you all a little after 4PM on Friday then :) It's my day off, perfect for a Happy Hour!
The monster chaos scene in Cabin in the Woods was amazing. I mean, amazing!
O.... #POTUS is slamming everyone!
Props to for awarding team with the award for best data integration at TechCrunch Disrupt Hackathon!
Two men arguing for more than a 20 second period in range of each other is gay.
have a safe flight! See you tomorrow.
wow no i didnt y wud i be mad?
Kurt rambis just said most teams will not want to play the in the playoffs
Of course not. Because Romney's gonna raise a BAJILLION DOLLARS. From 800 TRILLION PEOPLE.
Merry Christmas everyone!!!!!
Tweet live from hookah nights :)
You remember when Art Long punched that horse.... that had a cop on it
Opened a Leese-Fitch Pinot Noir tonight. Good solid pinot from - will definitely go back to this at $13 retail!
how is the Tea Are The World CD going? God Bless
The day I actually plan on going to class and its cancelled.
Watching "Space is the Place," Sun Ra's 1974 film. Mind blown.
Happy Thursday! Ps...rain or snow today? The clouds are playing tricks with me. :-/ Oh! Happy Thursday again :)
That's very cool. I had no idea. Thanks for the heads up. Watch out Anderson Cooper!
I can't fucking take being in this house anymore, I hate it, I'm done.
mine are tight like that too.. I have 4 though
"Apollonius: a look at the conics." senior thesis BA. Saint john's College SF NM USA.
Me too, unlike that other movie whose name is similar. RT : I'd pay to see that. ": GWAR HORSE."
well I had a good night :) now I sleep in till monday <U+270C>
no, that's killer, actually: especially given the rapid response! nice!
God desires that we have complete wholeness in are lives. When we are whole in God He can fully use to be a light in this world!!
hey i am the hugest fan of you on ant farm, no lie. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back, no lie. =)
Thanks for spreading the love; looking forward to our workouts!
ugh my allergies are driving me crazy
I'm so sad I didn't know the abc upgronts were this early. I'm dying to meet u. :(
They find a way win. Good night sleep now!
Everrybooodyyy goo rape follow button!!
channelling her inner on new #hungergames song.
It's been a long, but productive day! Time to
I'll like yours if you like mine. If not I'm re tweeting this anyway!
Allow yourself a #minute to feel pure, unbridled #gratitude. It's amazing.
Sorry to report our 7pm showing of 'The Red Shoes' had to be cancelled due to technical issues. But the show must go on... Join us at 9:30!
Thanking god for another day <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Gota do wat I gota do by any means......
Totally obsessed with The Cab...
You are so welcome, of course! Thanks for being such a superstar! :)
Tutoring Club then cheer(:
I'm so far, from baby. ~
when talk about the #MagicCow on their Fan Mail Vlog #ThatsWhenYouKnow its a #Party ;) lol
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift. That’s why it’s called the present.
are you fucking kidding me? you are annoying
Oh my 100th follower would be so nice if it would be
hahaha text me .
Today was good until I got in a fight with the ground, it won. Prob rotator tear, tape it and race tomorrow. Was flying until I lost my edge
date sounds good... we're into you, too [blush] ;)
And lastly, Happy Birthday Michael Jordan!
Rt if you are mad cause someone is trying to b you and making other people think you are not who you are :-(
Finish homework, clean out my purse, shower, then bed.
nice work - is he going to return kicks? Maybe he's a corner... That would be nice.
me! The line up is so great this year (:
Thanks for the shoutouts - Hope you had a rockin’ 4th of July weekend
wish I could. At champions pub, but thanks for recognizing us vets
Sweet! You should be proud. :)
I've picked it up from Aurora. :x
It should have, but I liked that Primer and Time Bandits were on there. There are just too many good time travel movies.
Plank on this dick
So confused..
Talking about Sophocles' Antigone and citizenship, students made their own connections to #OWS without my prompting. They are awesome!
It's official! Milwaukee has a nationally chartered NSHMBA chapter as of today!!!!
I think I found her because of your blog :)
Good Morning tweeps, up thanking God for my many blessings. Workflo$
Sweeney needs to go tackle Weaver like he did big brother
Holiday party at business school has left me very very sleepy.
Change is a transition from one thing,one place,one state of mind to another
Board's responsibilities include evaluating applications, administrating exams, recommending standards and procedures, and issuing licenses
Oh my gosh. lol I am going to make you talk to her and be around her. I can only do so much!
yess! Haha it's kinda boring til you like halfway through :P
you did see the cashmere zip hoodie, right?
Turn around, bright eyes...
The unexpected becoming expected....
i really appreciate that man..i gotta go visit you in your hood.
thanks ;D
This kid didn't believe me when I said that I wanted to get a tattoo when I turn 18. Well, I do.
Jazz On The Latin Side w/Jose Rizo on FM is smoking tonite. Keep swingin' my radio brother!
RT : Q: if so much information is coming, how do schools prepare learners to access, filter, and utilize all this info?
kiss me underneath the mistletoe, show me baby that you love me so.<U+2665>
Good morning lovees.
#Lakers are going to lose..
done! Thanks, again!
hahahaahaha you shoulda gone on this bus with me, im so bored!
French Toast, I like you...I really do. But for once can you PLEASE prepare yourself?!?! It's not like you're hard to make...but this bed..
He's crying.... That sucks though. But it's your fault.
I'm sure you're not busy or anything, but is there a "live" web page with chant/song lyrics right now?
Beliefs are empowering or destructive & you're right either way. Once identified a limiting belief is within your power to change.Zach Marcy
I feel sorry for people who don't drink. When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day. ~ Frank Sinatra
#pla12 Think I actually got everything into my carry-on and backpack. Hope the zippers hold!
Hope everyone who got a and is at the game are having a great time!
I hate it when drivers think they can drive all crazy because they think they're the only ones going somewhere
very well, thanks! you?
ha! thanks. exciting news :). come down to dc this summer please!
i love the movie,bridesmades!! its hilarious.......
Good morning #NRAshow - look for the Food Genius team walking around throughout the next four days!
this the longest realtionship i been in (:
0_o Bo! You suck! lol yes I'll be there!
when will be the day u follow me?
in a way that's cool tho like isn't that the reason u went to the army??
Hello...good morning...
Thanks for the RT! Happy Wednesday to ya!
Getting ready to show off our new, finalized logo today. (Yeah, we fooled you with this one.)
When it rains it pours beer. Beer Garden is filling up fast.
Why do prepositions exist
JUST MADE A MASTERPIECE !
well then here's to a good time!
Worst commercial on TV right now: the eTrade baby/financial advisors. Worst in my lifetime: probably the AT&T Wireless shepard and sheep.
Come to a Lucky Dog Dine & Donate Event at Lonestar Steakhouse, Alex, VA today, 11-10pm, U MUST mention us to your server!
SCORE INDEED! Thanks for putting it out there!
If you read the book and have an Amazon, IBooks, or Nook.. We would appreciate you posting a review.. Thanks. #KatrinasSecrets #C. Ray Nagin
RT : You must be comfortable with who you are today and where you’re heading so that you can authentically speak your goals.
done with fb....people need to learn to stop their shit.....deleting.
Use Copyscape to check the content for originality, useful tool I recently found.
She did, and I did know who she was! I was just startled due to her yelling my name. I saw her try to start the wave also haha.
on here right?
#YoTheNextTime They #ows in my city I'm going fight for my right to
It's #FridayThe13th guess who's playing Jason!
cool cool.. check out my boy Dwight Junior. @ www.youtube.com/watchdwight
I want to become 's next Community Web Producer! Mention me in a Tweet or go to 11Alive's FB page & "tag" me with a comment. Pls RT
I was supposed to be sleep right now but my boyfriend wanted me to cake it up with him :^) late night conversations is our fav :^)
who could it be??
RT : A relaxing Monday morning filled with 37,000 squat thrusts, ripping Professional weights and bathing in Swagger body wash....
Marshall texted me at 1am last night saying he had my dress.....he is definetly sleeping with it.
There is a mild correlation between the work that a person does and their perspective on how important that activity is
Do you have a favorite on the list of restaurants?
but you still went up to get your laptop!!(:
Need just 4 more connections to be at 4,000!
Exercise and eating right!
Thanks to My Creator for continued Blessings
loll Oh ok
Don't forget to pick-up a Plain Dealer and read about Doris Long and the Waterbury Coach House!!!!
beginning work on my #ChristmasAlbum today! These are a few of my Favorite things is the first track today! YAY!
man I can digg that. I loath fake bitches
Congrats!!! RT Done. And it feels so good. Now, what next? #master's
Everyone please tweet to and ask him to follow so she can win a bet. beg if you have to. shes a doll
attempting to write Spanish and watch #MadeInChelsea at the same time..
On this day in 1862, as Johnston retreated from Yorktown, skirmishes broke out at Williamsburg, foreshadowing the following day's battle.
Ha mizzou! That's what happens when you leave the big XII!
#IWasThatKid that fell in love with you on March 6, 2011. <3
Jen we love you! Thank you so much for your support!!
There is more to life than chasing men and women...
Excellent! Will need to figure out playtesting schedule for most recent set of card tweaks.
Aggravating Ass
trust no man, fear no bitch.
I wish!
RT : FEC is THE place 2 go in Newark 2 b financially empowered. Average resident sees income increase over 10%:...
looking to connect with ethnomusicologists for new project on urban street music in E Africa.
Hello Keith RT : Hello Seattle! We R now on Twitter. 4 all your hair salon needs pls visit us @ www.CoupeRokei.com
Eating rice cakes is like chewing on a foam coffee cup, only less filling.
I love you Dan Hornbuckle! Cant wait to see where you fight next!!!
Thanks to our new followers #FF LeighaMaerz6514, , ,,,,
yup!! keep voting until the last second!! :D
Haha. Suck it redhawks. RT : when's the last time UCSD lost a football game??? TRIGHT-ON!!
Watching the only *pure* baseball left remaining ..and that's college baseball. Geaux Tigers!
I always appreciate when shuffle reminds me that it's time to listen to BUFFY SAINTE-MARIE.
It's the playoffs got ups and downs still nothing to worry about
People keep telling me that I have a fine husband, like they're surprised I could hook a fine man! 11 years and still going strong.
he is still a genius!
Hi Kellin. I love you.
Where does the line get drawn on open-data with taxpayer funded GIS ? Not all data is or should be open.
People gonna talk regardless that's just the life we live
What do LSU and the moon have in common? They both control the Tide!
of course :)
I'll email you tomorrow. Delivery to Gilbert?
Big game tonight. Let's fucking go Bruins.
Yes sir
What's everyone doing to enjoy this beautiful evening in #NYC? It almost feels like summer!
KY is confident.
We're at Blue Nile tonight with special guests Topaz and the Dirty Dozen Horns...show starts at 10pm don't miss it!
Could be that I'm still somewhat refreshed from my brief vacation, but most of the readings at #bocas2012 were lively
Buckskin Harley Coat | Why The Video
nice! hey i'm gonna come back from my other account so tweet me there
that's true. I think, however, that regardless of our personal experience, the article does describe something truthful about society
yo yo since you don't have a bbm you should kik me :)
Feels good to be home. Oh, wait a minute...
I het to be a man united fan tonight H
Prepping for #AdWars: "Matt, what was the Schlitz slogan for years?" "It's gross?"
Why do you have a criminal defense fund?
Is "founder" supposed to be "flounder" in the last paragraph :P
agreed! SO strange when someone is totally off the radar and un-google-able ;)
w hats going on how are u
yeah we just left there actually. Plenty lost dogs lookin all sad. Smh. =|
I got a spam email addressed to David Booth. Obviously, I'm not David Booth, but thought that was pretty cool and odd.
I wonder whats justin bieber up to...
thats whats up! I can't wait :)
RT My cat keeps licking his paws. I thought, why would he do that all day? So I licked them. They're delicious.
Thanks for posting..I just saw this, sorry.
Tiered 5gb, took a while to convince my own iPad that it was me asking...
Unholy mackerel. You actually like Twitter?
Exactly my thought. Pop-up business opportunity: identified.
#missing How's the East Coast treating you?
"TELL YA FRIENDS"NO4 ft.DMX & DANI STEVENSON.PRODUCED BY 3X GRAMMY WINNER DEEZLE.video ON YOUTUBE
i love you youre so adorable aha": The Dr. said to keep drinking liquids. I need more juice boxes."
Because of the high winds today we will not be serving...we should be back tomorrow...HJ
No problem! Following, complete.
Oh come come. It's easy! Here let me help. "Hey , I was thinking about a Spankathon tomorrow. What do you think?"
Somebody's been putting used punk records out on the shelves!
I just finished a 2.22 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
I am planning to attend Escape and hoping to bring many teachers from my school. Thanks for hosting!
"He taught me that there's no limit to what you can accomplish if you don't care who gets the credit." on Jack Goldman and PARC
I could really use a massage right now
love that place!
Laying out at the beach watching dolphins play in the waves :)
good morning
check out www.everywebbs.com !
It's taken a half hour to drive half a mile. #Seattle, why do you flip out at the mere sight of a snowflake?
I need some too RT Caffeine please.
Massillon. NE part of the state
I'm going to the one in Portland, OR. Got tickets as a Christmas gift.
ahahaa me funny :D
did I acquire the affected "might should ought to" from the same spring as was sourced "and but so"?
Great pic - love the use of tech in the room and the carpet up front!
Guess what? My Gnomes are coming back to Etsy! I've been working hard on renovations. No ETA yet, but they're coming back!
You need to step up your tweet game bro.
Did anything funny happen online today? We like to stay up to date what is trending online so help us out!
U never even fb
thank you!! I'm really happy with how they came out!
just a tad bit lol
That awkward moment when you realize you were once in a promo video with the dude from Local Brew/
Closer to $40.
listening online to Wasting Light by
Thanks I enjoyed the chat and look forward to bringing a fresh perspective to iOS vs. Android app development discussion.
um...do i have to answer that
Why did the chicken cross the dusty road twice? Because she was a dirty double-crosser
#RockCenter about Bin Laden assault is an amazing piece of journalism
aha, I always go with "a Twitter handle" unless you're referring to a specific name of one
LOL Sean's never heard of Louby's aka Loubou's aka Louboutin's??! This is just as bad as the Katie Morgan thing Smh
I keep telling myself it will pay off
#INTHECLUBTEXT oh yea... I see u wit ur bitch:-)
My knee is feeling a lot better ^.^
4sho u still here in town 2
Steady playing David Sanborn on the 5 freeway, convertible top down, just killing it right now
discussing metagaming, how do you take the indoor outdoor?
Wired in mansfield is the cool place to play shows and hang out, welcoming arms, they fed us, and gave a great show and crowd. Thanks guys!
Eating me some lean pockets, bc rez hates fat people.
Thursday kick off your w/ Cindy Scott at on at 7p & at the Fest on Friday 12:30 JazzTent
Hey #hyperlocal #BloggersWeLove! If you're wondering where I am, I'm tweeting over Please follow me there :) -
Thank you! We are so excited!
20 days and 0 hours remaining until I turn 20! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
but the way marson calls games and santana gets on base lineup is better with matty on the bech
Paul Silas. Like he ever had a chance? Never been a good coach.
Im home and thinking!!
Why hello. (;
lol. Samee heree! Like seriously, im like legit starting to hate everyone I knoww. Lolol
I promise no one will put up with your bullshit the way I do.
Make sure you "like" or post comments on our page. Each time you do so you earn a chance to win a free bag of coffee!
Girls Night Out has kicked off! Stop by for free samples and good music w/ a $10 donation.
RT : Red Sparowes and iced coffee // So much win here
I had school ._.
Thanks as always for LA Daily mention!
WHERE DID MY VOICE GO. I lost it. Apparently it's sexy but i don't believe it. Come back, voice.
If I can switch the intro and conclusion of this paper, is that a good sign? Or a bad one?
Is NOW on Twitter.
The best thing to do is join our community (free) and star networking with actors/producers etc..
Gave up on doing anything school related
Judgement Day is today!
i do!!! thats such a good idea!
Do you have any summer reading recommendations for a college student and aspiring attorney?
Tip Of The day: Put some Perfume On your Strawberry Kiwi Btt <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Loyalty to friends and loyalty to certain basic principles are essential to success in any sphere.
Getting ready to take baby girl number two home...
I can #smellthealpha from here
When he calls just to say he misses you >> Made my night just a litttleee better.
thank you for following us, we can show you whats up, call us.
RT : Board followers are 5x more likely to share than profile followers on Pinterest
Back End Affiliate Marketing
I totally hear where you're coming from!
Happy National Poetry Month everybody!
#RonPaul2012 #RonPaulArmy Nikki speaks truth about Obama. Peace, Freedom, Liberty. Bigger issues than Kanye and Lindsay.
I wouldn't mind if that is a reputable journal, like, um, Science.
on FoxSports Radio, said the #Jaguars just contacted the #Vikings about the No. 4 pick.
talk to grandpa. tell me whats wrong
Feel That Happy Feeling....
What's the political landscape looking like in Iowa? and gave us an overview on
wheres your party dude?
I hate how for the past ten years the public couldn't care less about #whitneyhouston NOW that she's died b/c of her disease it's so tragic.
I loved reading Tweak after Beautiful Boy - two sides to one story, and insight on parent/teen interactions
Ever watched "An Affair to Remember" with Cary Grant & Deborah Kerr? One of my favs. Gets me every time.
I'm still here for you:)
#epicfail RT : Your son throwing up his sets on Facebook....ok
But really getting hacked was not ok
hahaah exactly :) I'm not gonna worry until something else happens
AARP's says a great photo can be better (&more effective) than text content - shareable on multiple platforms.
This is a make it happen kind of day
It's lookin bad for
thanks 4 the
I follow a lot of ppl 2.
Hi there. I will definately spread the word. Count on it!! Many blesisngs 2 you :)
But you're neither friend nor foe though I can't seem to let you go
Hey, thanks.
very interesting, thanks! Another good thing to use as a wrap up to this unit. Wondering how to adapt tho
Fuck Cinco De Mayo...Them Mexican motherfuckers won't even talk to you half the fucking time.
im a guy from MCCP. R3D. Ya taht guy
VCs aren't just going to hand u a wad of cash to use as u wish. They want to know how ur going to use it, what the ROI will be
Listening to Justice reminds me
lol im done
Is it really supposed to snow tonight / tomorrow? #Pittsburgh weather,
I love your tweets. Just sayin.
Sitting in my last class. Ever.
is confused
"We go by the original book. The sequals never work out." #quote - anonymous Jewish man
would love to pick your brains and buds...let's connect IRL.
Ravens game on CBS
Excited for the weekend! Bff throwing me a b-day party tomorrow then filming on Sunday with for !
there is a tag on your shirt.
Sam Kass on Compass: phenomenal report and phenomenal work.
Shazam the Chevy sonic commercial, hands down the best usage of marketing tools uniting across channels! Brilliant!
Never read Hunger Games, but I did thoroughly enjoy Battle Royale.
I find it hilarious how someone jocks my idea, xD
just hang'n with family right now (: we get together Sundays
When I started grad school (in 1994!), my Greek professor required us to set up our email with secure passwords using a number/letter combo.
Having a sense of humor is a good and bad thing only if you saying bad jokes about good people!!
` these graphics on this mutha fucka cold though
Big thanks to the 2 females in the accord in front of me for having a dance party w/me in this mornings traffuk. Made my morning.
Size queens message me
Hopefully, Sophia is experiencing a growth spurt and will mature out of her youth-based prejudices.
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
Veiled in flesh the Godhead see, Hail the incarnate Deity Pleased as man with man to dwell, Jesus, our Emmanuel
those on his door those purple things
I wanna go bowling again !! Even tho I suck
Oh you look so pretty! I love your outfit, its so cute! How did you get into the party? :)
$25 for One Month of Unlimited Tanning Services at U Tan in Madison. This is a 55% discount. www.dealoria.com
Beer exchange? I'll send you some of the newest NM beer if you send me a couple of those!
what happened to your unthink. Site is down and no news?
Jay, Tebow's bandwagon should be called, "The Tebowbile."
It's NOW approximately 2 weeks until the official GRAMMY category nomination announcements.
Why am I do obsessed with "linger" by the cranberries right now? Hahaha I blame it on click. Good movie. -T
RT : The most reliable way to save face is to keep the bottom half of it tightly closed.
COMMON SENCE WILL TAKE U PRETTY FAR! ALOT OF U NEED SOME IN YA GAS TANK.. ha' #IGNNAANT!
ahaha me too
Too much stress lately. But not ready for gunfire!
got it
"Doritos Proposal" currently rated #1 on the VCK leader-board. Hope the judges feel the same way :)
Should be respect honestly be "earned." I give it regardless of who you are until you lose it .... IJS
Trying in vain to create a account; it acts like it accepted my acct, invites me to log in, & claims I have no acct w that email.
well yes, yes you may.
Now its cold as hell in here
I Like Good Head And Bomb Reefer
Michael Dell talks about the company’s plans to release a business-friendly tablet which runs Windows 8. - Bloomberg
We will be building storify recap of #uwsocial #smbmad - don't let us down - academic wit, live pics & support of sponsors highly desired!
Aww, yeah, twitter. It's about to get real. As in REALLY AWESOME because I'm going to start reviewing YA Lit... as soon as I have time.
haha, unfortunately I can't really hit, Brewers fans would not be happy
YOU groaned? That's my BIRTHDAY! And it's in the middle of the day, ruining all other, you know, actual fun plans!
I did a mile in 5:52.. That's my fastest mile haha.
Work, work, work all day long. Work, work, work while I sing this song.
At Disney World a foreign missionary said, "If one man and one mouse can do all this, what can God and one woman do?" Love that!
thanks so much! :). it was easy to feel great wearing #houseofcach ! hope to see you soon!
They've branded us enough, Outlaws of Love
Thanks. Sad to see the downfall of a great player who has lost his way.
Picture A
Can't believe how many of these are religiously tied out of the top 10 most read books.
Thanks for following me, Wendy. All best. An animal lover here, too. Great of you to have such a caring heart for others.
>>soon..I'll be April 9th..it's commin:)
What are the tix for? Sorry, but I'm camping all weekend so prob can't make it but THANKS for thinking of me. ;-)
Getting my workout on before dinner and the Bulls game.
let me process it for a minute and talk with my parents first.
Your good health is a gift that needs special care. Eat well, excercise and relieve stress whenever you can.
Big fine country gal wit a cajun appetite >>>>>>>
My little brothers friends are perverts. I swear our next generation is gonna be preggo at the age of 10 or some shit..fuck disgusting.
when i read this I thought it said "I KILLED MYSELF" I was like "Dude, are you okay and how are you tweeting.." lol
that sir was a long time ago in a galaxy far far away. If Juan Uribe hits .240 20 HR 65 RBI I can die happy
Well then we must not drink 151
Ugh bout to start this over night
Boudoir Thursday launches TONIGHT! Check out the WILD decor at 701 C Street. Hosted cocktails from 9-10pm. Must RSVP to www.944.com/boudoir
About to go out to eat .
beacon theatre? I wanted tickets to that one
The feeling of still being jacked up from yesterday when you hit the gym today!
Lol, im sure he does that every night.. and O.o how strange of you, miss i love my long hair :p
A confident girl doesn't show off her naked body, she shows off her naked face.
i bet you can cook coming from the south i think i am in love what is youre best dish
Thx! Hope things are going well in TX - I'm in SF, was sad to leave I'm now w/ , a cool #edtech co
Some days it's like, damn it, I'm way too good looking to have to deal with this bullshit.
This shyt is all coming to an end.
Did you know you can get free info about nutrition and healthy foods at my site? go to suzanne.snackhealthy.com
#MessageToMyHaters Look at me now, Im gettin paper lol
How did I miss this photo of the lovebird and cat before?! So much cuteness!
Thanks for letting us know. We are looking into it and will get back to you ASAP!
Over SEOing. Getting rejected by Google/Yahoo for running similar websites with very similar content (over agressive & non-inteligent SEO)
==>U Can Tell Black PPL Started Getting They Taxes.... **THE LINE AT "METRO PCS" IS AROUND THE CORNER**
Another Round for Floyd, Cotto looks tired, but this has happened a lot later than I thought it would 107-102
yes it goes to the Jordan mills foundation which then goes directly into my bank account
thank you!
What a gorgeous day! :)
thanks for following us!!! If you ever need any support in Tennessee or wanna chat about metal hit us up!!!
so your story in redworld somehow got back to ABC in Los Angels./where r u now?
Check out Instructor Janine in "Legally Blonde: The Musical" starting THIS Friday @ Musical Theatre Southwest! Call 265.9119 for Tickets!
My dam team lost yesterday 2
Just waiting for Angel to make her deal with me as usual haha!
Sitting in airplane seats is def where I feel the weight loss the most. I was the thin guy in middle between two big men last flight.
Be powerful today. Be at your best. Give it your best. Be you! Happy Thursday & God bless!
I'm loving it so far RT Chic, how'd the move go?
7 games = 7 wins. Congrats ! Finish the NW Trip strong on Saturday and let's make this 8 for 8!
Blew my diet tonight. Fuck
Those really long car rides with your family and you just blast you ipod, look out the window, & block out the world. ?
Gas and Food, watch www.gasandfoodvideo.com enroll at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd I supply leadsl
Great Show today!
grey goose keep me loose
#vsa2011 Non-visitors: Art is accessible to me you just don't know what I mean when I say art. Wow.
Technical difficulties!
is a twit at tweeting.
You can get a $25 Gift Certificate & up to $25,000 worth in prizes & Minelab giveaways at National Metal Detecting Day! Interested?
I just want you and me to be together
YES!! Chobani and fage are the best. I don't know what I did before Greek yogurt :) b/c I eat I almost everyday now!
I think u r so amazing and such a beautiful person. I hope things get better 4 u. U have been thru so much.
wow - #UVA students form Student Alliance for Sexual Healing to promote the conversion of gays to "scriptural standards"
Being a girl fucking sucks. I Feel like somethings trying to claw it's way out of my uterus... Yes. I know all of you wanted to know that.
It's the little things like clients who understand and simple thank you's that get me through the day.
hahaha well I didn't the first time <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Thanks for the follow! -- Jo
TONIGHT!! Free reading here @ our studios starts at 7:30pm. Meet other actors and network. There will be a wine reception afterwards.
where are you?
oh hold it, there is a soccer game going on?
Loll im nice !
halloween = thriller by michael jackson (:
After i get home && straighten my hair …OUT WE GO!!!! PARTAYYYY!!! <U+E312><U+E312><U+E310><U+E310><U+E42C><U+E130><U+E041><U+E31C>
Poll: What animal is that on Dylan's head? A. Squirrel B. Possum C. Raccoon
Nice! Getting excited. :)
Pleated pants are lame. Tits aren't.
Just submitted my request to attend on behalf of and myself!
digging through for vacation ideas....I need to get to water ASAP
I DIDN'T SIGN UP FOR THAT!
lmaooooooo so who is JUAN?
you're like 24
Weird seems to be the speculative realist version of excess. Where is the New Weird in this, w/ its interest in formlessness and excess?
Really cost money to keep a car
Venue was jumping last night if you ever visit Houston go there you will have a ball.
I just watched you lip syncing to breaking free and at 1:15 and 1:30 I started hysterically laughing!!! I loved it!
Tiger woods is not black
yeah i wil be love you kisses
Thanks for visiting! Come back soon!
Hey! If you like wine come to check us out! Tonight we have Wine Flights under $15
Exhausted.. my #Frisbie skills is getting much better everyday.. got control plus amazingly my Son omg he is Good!!
Mil County Board Chair Lee Holloway declares "I'm clean as hell!" after another supervisor is charged w bribery. More at 6pm
omg, weekend tv BLOWS.
Your gonna probably see me and there Friday
Now that food has replaced sex in my life, I can't even get into my own pants
T-minus two days to the grand opening of Trader Joe's at 3rd & Fairfax in #LA!
looking for RoR NYC folks! send resumes my way!
That's what I feared...
An entire family with the cold. Ugh.
Ok...we need to talk! Got a potential project.
who has tumblr?
RT : If you want to have the best day possible you must follow
Hey how has your day been so far?
agreed. RT : it must be collaborative so not just the e-patients research but input from both
OK COOL...so this is my first tweet. lets get this party rollin.
we will have all games on NCAA and
One thing I wont miss about Georgia-- country music. -C
riding my bike and had a siting and smile exchange in wicker park! :)
What's with all the championship belts everywhere now? Is it all traced back to Aaron Rodgers?
help me overcome Animal Crackers- LOL!
how's that sun treatin ya? #jealous it's raining here..
I wanna cuddle
Seth Rogen got married yesterday. Adam Sandler, Paul Rudd, and Jonah Hill were there. It was near my house. Wish I could have gone.
I am vs the timeout here. However, my pool says go X, so fingures crossed.
thanks for the RT
Museums are spaces where identities can be reconstructed, altered, manufactured.
I love my cat so much that I don't know how I'd live if I ever found her dead, lol.
Why do you have Randy Jackson's autograph on a martial arts weapon?
I'm on 2 computers at the same time doing the same thing. Baller.
smh at Papadanes man.... 65 years old and that guy does NOT know to play nice with others.
I just took liquid dayquil because we ran out of the pill kind. Lets just say i have a mess to clean up in the kitchen... Loll :p
Follow me i auto follow back
omg... you and my dad should hang out...
yeah i think i do! but its not really a book its like pages in a binder, it doesnt come as a book.
Auditioning for some French tv project. Okay???...?.?
The word "irritated" makes me so angry lol
She is telling me her California stories!
We were out of bananas, so I'm eating a toasted peanut butter and apple sandwich and it's actually pretty awesome.
RT if you love ßruno Mars
Good Morning! We've made it to the middle of the week. How is your week going? You can still make some adjustments to make it even better!
I should be paying this jukebox $250 an hour.
PS: Who is planning on going to #vanswarpedtour this year? I am! The line up isn't the best, but there are a few great bands playing!
We will be attending the Franchise Expo South in 4 days! January 14th-16th at the Miami Convention Center. Franchise opportunities are avai…
I'd like Papa Johns a lot more if they kept their creepy founder out of commercials.
As always boy bands helping me through a hard time:) pandora...
...... Go ask? “ Is it to late to let the south secede?”
Breaking News: The Denver Broncos just resigned God to a 6 year contract extension. What do you think of that ?
Dats what u call a doorway
Heading to the airport to pick up original drummer, the one and only Möt. Then its Okie Joes BBQ and TRON IMAX.
I'm trying to stay focused but you retweeted me and I'm #StarStruck! <3 Now...back to the matters at hand...
does DM work now?
im 2 episodes behind now. Guess I need to get back to it. Thing is, I don't really enjoy watching it so much as thinking about it.
#skyrim would be so much more fun if they chose a font humans could read
(cont 2) season, and yea my brother is 747
Sorry I cant let this thing go down without a fight. Even if the others go and alienate all of #MLA12 with their funruns and antics.
yea mee to
Is going to see a Movie Today
kk yeah I have soccer but I can pick you up after
Ricky Williams back with the Dolphins, and Pac Man Jones is heading Canada eh, hope he likes Molson, I do!!
grocery sorcery??!! (does that rhyme... maybe not lol)
Now you hear what I hear...=)
chewing on a piece of wood is so bad for your teeth!
In the novels I've read lately, I'm surprised to find I prefer a good storyteller to a good prose writer, or even a superb one
Excuses are the cradles in which failure lulls us to sleep.
“: For : Clothing donations are accepted every #Monday from 11~2pm in our boutique at “The Success Center” cc. ”
My kids have went to grannies and have came back sum thugs lol
This past saturday was a perfect example of how hard its going to be for me to work in public. .___.
Happy Birthday!
"Greatness is contagious" ~
Nowak: It is great to play against Schalke. It's a chance to see where we are...of getting the experience we need to move soccer along in US
yassineee i miss you!!!!
crazy night on Natchez riverboat. fraternity delta on board. a parade of sweethearts. dukes were swingin
Doctor: 'Your recovery was a miracle!' Patient: 'PRAISE GOD. Now I don't have to pay you!'
“: RT me it's my birthday tommorow favorite player go titans. !!!!
Wait, Rhianna where did you find love?
We are working on a new commercial water loss in Brookfield.
Waffles for lunch :-)
still I wouldn't define me as soft
Yes! And/or with local HS robotics club, too.
The song sings to me >>>
I have a strong dislike for people who give good advice but never use it
what she said --->RT : Does anyone else but me realize all of Taylor Swifts songs ARE THE SAME????
ah --> "which rapper and part-owner Jay-Z helped design."
Cinnamon schnapps, hot damn, etc
Life without you is amazing ( :
RT : Today is National Collegiate Day of Prayer! Pray for DBU, the students, faculty, and staff throughout your day today.
so i'm paying $80 for busch gardens but i'm not riding anything.
aw dats cool bt mine is pink and purple i also love green hehehehe so wat school yhu go to wat ya hobby
Rockin and Rollin! Having a wonderful time. Busy, happy, stressed, motivated, tired, you name I am it but it's all good!
Open House next week (Oct 12-14) from 12-6pm at our CHICAGO Showroom @ the @ the - Suite 1855
yes I have a platinum badge as well as edu...
Tell me who you got in the Lakers-Nuggets series.
BWAHAHHAHAA, obama declared May 1st "Loyalty Day"? WHAT THE FUCK. Loyal to what, GETTING FUCKED? FUCK. YOU.
Someone at GSLI finally had an answer instead of sending me on a goose chase!!
Don't write what you're trying to write. Just write *something,* then circle back.
"it's fundatory!" I should go to class soon, but #ppcommunity is more fun
Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but of looking outward together in the same direction.
WEAR A SWEATER!!! WEAR A SWEATER!!! WHERE A SWEATER,!!! xD
well done empress
Just finished up my first competitive skee ball game. Our team lost by 4 (or 40). Rookie mistakes and too many beers.
Pretty sure my parents are headed that way right now...
I could kill someone right now.
I hope you are correct but I cannot see it happening. Our team has no direction - time to lose the coaching staff perhaps?
Broadway Theatre Center to Host Unprecedented Open House Friday, July 29, 5:00 pm to 9:00 pm during Milwaukee's summer Gallery Night.
Thank you for briefly speaking with my aritst !
The cars are in the garage!
My dad is adopted so I will never see my grand ma I mite this year because I'm going to Texas she doesn't no about me she just nos my sister
LUCKY ASS !
#Moore, Practical Demon-Keeping. Entertaining popcorn urban fantasy of a demon in Southern Cal. Can't quite believe my book club picked it.
yeah I have that problem right now but for my 16th my grandparents are getting me a car or at least they said they were.
Remember Louis shaky legs when the girls arrived on set in the WMYB behind the scenes video... Well thats what happens when i see my crush..
i am handling the pr for SearchFest. i thought you would be an intersting press contact. can you dm me with your phone number?
oh, like the orange
my real grandmais itanian lol am from jersey italy puerto rico and a lil new york lol
You can grow but remember, empires always fall.
you disappeared! ::sadpanda::
Really satisfying sidewalk squirt session this morning. All clean in front of my house.
RT : You don't get acting jobs because of your looks.
A special kind of freedom I get in the moments that are few and far between, that can't be bought, invented or whipped up in the kitchen.
When tells you she has a serious question <<< #freakedmeout haha behind you all the way tho girly <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Many Thanks to Laray Mayfield Casting!!
MT : Huge fan of evernote, onenote, mind mapping tools, etc., but sometimes no substitute for pencil, paper, & your own brain space.
haha k then i'll see you tomorrow! hahaha hopefully (if you dont get shot) lol just kidding! :D
No, I don't want to talk about the zeitgeist with you. Why? Because you're wearing cut off blue jean shorts.
We have vegitarian options ;) but were glad you like our meat!
Babcock seems sure that Stuart is leaving
woah woah. When did I say I was Peeta?
S.BABY
Be shure to check out the Easy Art Co. Presents Backyard BBQ Show w/ and The Dualies!!!
Really #Cubs!?! Damn it marmol!!
CINNA: Briefly, I dwell by the Capitol.
TGIF! Come on over to sunny La Mesa and enjoy a great dinner and one of our famous birdbath margaritas! We're in the Grossmont Center.
When you feel let down, remember that your in control of your feelings.
The heat has been turned on in my building. I'm boiling. Fans on, windows wide open. C'mon people, it's not cold enough yet.
I love you all too...COME TO BOSTON BEFORE I COME TO NY
are you flying or driving to miami.??
Justin Bieber, Triple H and 50 Cent
Having said that i love my #brewers thick or thin the gonzo injury really hurt go
Happy Teacher Tuesday! Teachers past or present get happy hour all night. Thank you teachers! Fun wine tasting all day, 4 wines for $14.
Call me a nerd if you'd like, but I'm looking forward to finding out what music the Brewers players are going to walk up to in 2012
Thanks to for supporting in Oklahoma! Gearing up for a great program year.
What do the most successful marketers in your industry do that is effective? Why not test that with a unique twist of your own?
Andrew Miller has that Boys and Girls Club Game
Just wanted to say thank you for all the promo tweets! I really appreciate it! I've also found/RT a lot of great books here.
what was #8??
In 2000 I day hiked to Plateau Point in Feb - my 1st #GrandCanyon hike - it was 0 at the rim but in the 50's at Indian Garden.
FREE TICKETS - ISEPP Lecture tickets - Tom Siegfried "The Dice of Life" Oct 7th at the Schnitzer. one per PSU ID. - COME AND GET 'EM
uhoh. In reference to?
Scott Walker wins #GOP nomination for Guv.
ARCADE FIRE!
Thanks Jason! Please let me know how I can serve you or your team!
I owe the world for this one. She's such a fantastic young woman, I love her dearly.
I just spent the last hour (or two) thinking about Character day and Super Hero day choices
Why is Adam Sandler and Rob Schneider In every movie together?
#ItSeemsLike clothes aren't worth having anyways .
It is only with the heart that one can see clearly, for the most essential things are invisible to the eye.
Let rain, let it pour she don't love me anymore, so let it come Down On Me. Let It come down on me Let It Rain<3
Just shot a very interesting story in Santa Fe County about a guy doing something strange to protect his home from a wildfire. @ 10 on KOB
I mean, a great piece of work is a great piece of work, and I'm up for good work anytime
yes, exactly
Taco taste-off upon my return: Barrio Chino v Excelsior v Norfolk, awash with marg :)
"Never forget." - Star Trek's George Takei on 'Allegiance, his new play about the WWII internment of Japanese Americans
Ayee, Can I get a SHOUTOUT? That would be so nice (=
": Bowling for Soup is playing at the same venue as we are tonight in Houston. #7thgrade90sforever" :-/
Ironically, the "happy path" leads to sadness.
Wait, wait wait. When you are finished waiting, please wait some more.
Never had 5 kids foul out of a game before.
Great opportunity to "treat" your practice to a new piece of equipment for the holidays!
A few are.. Captian included lol but It'd be weird dating someone on the team... Especially if we broke up
Seeing "Pirates of Penzance" tonight at Ashland's Oregon Shakespeare Festival - woo hoo!
My feet hurt so bad! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A3>
That Mardi Gras hangover isn't going to cure itself. Our suggestion? Dubliner Benedict, Truffle Browns and one, maybe two Bloody Mary's.
Its no problem for me but its a problem for you
Hey bands and musicians. Make sure to follow
You're 100% right on that account
Missouri: pi, Oklahoma: pi(r squared)
Congrats on the New gig homie, i'll miss you over here
what else is new? haha
you're just too smart.
who are you talking to???
I think it's funny that Obama mentions the richest 2% of the population, and then those guys stand up and clap.
Let us know if we can do anything to help!
OMG. FINALLY. MY CAR WILL BE BACK IN MY POSSESSION THIS EVENING. TODAY IS A GREAT DAY. CC:
Another day, another $1000 car repair bill.
Now that's the Liverpool we all now and love, Downing misses the peno and Carroll puts the rebound wide
“: fishing is stupid” Adult kickball is stupid
Women are unique. Not all words that spoken by their mouth is the same with what they feel in the heart.
IM SNACKING ON CARROTS, HOW DO YOU THINK I AM?!
"Begin each day as if it was on purpose."
Just woke up and ready 4 da day.....not really!
Thank you and #FollowHello to :-)
not what you were looking for? I food log when I feel like I'm getting off track from intuitive eating. I use
the way I learned is every day I would pratice, it took me years to master it.
i know you get this a lot, but when you do stuff like this it truly inspires me. You are so amazing<3
I miss seeing the play tho.. It's been far too long =/
The alien cyborg is giving birth to alien cyborg/human babies on stage.
www.wagonwheelchronicles.com. Check it out, you must. Awesome article on us, there is.
Rumi lounge tomorrow & Sat no cover 21+ $5 cucumber martini's ans much more!!
Jackie, thank you so much for the happy #ff! Have a great weekend.
what advice do you need?
thank you for showing ! Really looking forward to it!
Eighty percent of married man cheat in America, the rest cheat in Europe .
#uwgrad The official party is ready to march in for the first L&S commencement this morning! Congrats to all the graduates!!!
do your homework xD
eeeeevverryyy one please follow !!!
Have you tried the Veggie Egg White Flatbread at Eggfast? Made with fresh pico de gallo salsa! www.eggfast.com
#Yankees have signed P Hiroki Kuroda to a 1-year $10M deal.
this money & music
a yard for my dogs, a crib for my main bitch
Is there an agency where you live that can assist you in creating a behavior plan?
I don't want anyone else having your attention but me
Masterpiece, my friends
Congratulations to you and to all the cast on the Last Friday Night Video! SUCCESS!!!!!
Playing the throw backs ! R.I.P MCA
Thank you for the retweet -Mark
Dear pols: If you are running 4 office (like SD City Council) please compose tweets & speak 4 yourself--when using your own Twitter account.
Illegal"..until I told her we were kidding? Hahahah good times. it's btw. Twitter jail blows lol
Just met a young woman named Daisy. Unlike my daughter, this one was named after the Dukes of Hazard.
Great to "see" you here love! xo
Thank you for tweeting that about fanny pak finally someone thank you!<3 Your tweets are the best!
For hurricane Irene???
Happy birthday :)
Ah, OK. Sending love to both of you, though. Mwah.
RT : RT : All those students who start school on September are luccky :o
Meeting with Tom cruise, no big deal
he left :c haha plus my phone makes a clicking noise &how awkward would that be!:p
Taranta Rest stands in solidarity w Coalition of Immokalee Workers
RT : Shaking my head at the number of attorneys mad at Zappos for compromising the 1 username/password they use for everything
Sweet, I have an exactly 1500 point Tau list for tomorrow
HAHA Youu Have To Do Work . i dont im done with it i just need to write my topic sentence & my paper : ) I'M #GRAND : )
Meanwhile...back at the hall of justice. At SD Superior court...hoping they don't call my name.
RT : people i know running the marathon: , jared from subway, and the chilean miner. can't wait to cheer for you guys!
#nowplaying Pick Me - Justin Bieber <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665>
Ness says admin wouldn't exist without the students
I live in a town everyone claims to hate, but yet they never leave.
Skipped class to play Hackey Sack..
Is that actually a wig, or is your mother in law just transforming into a fly?
Nite twitter. hit me up tho
I was home sick and pregnant all the time, or chasing Anya and Taylor!
I've been away from twitter too long to have not noticed #JaredsYumStick trending. This. Is. AMAZING! YES!!
I am a senior, so this is my last semester sadly. I have mixed feelings about May and Graduation.
Good morning #Austin!
Start by distinguishing b/w #education (classical model of becoming a person) & #training (progressive goal of attaining marketable skill).
it's amazing!!
Wow it is wet this morning. Rain, rain and more rain. The rain will turn to showers later this morning and into the afternoon.
im ok its the weekend and i will be spending it with my 4 month old son ;)
Getting out of the office now....
Its half price Monday come see us at Salon Prodigyss and recieve half off any of our services !
that's a good question, I don't think they can if they're under a certain age, I think Dakota Fanning said so a few yrs ago
Sounds so fun, I'm jealous! RT: ...now headed to a client's house to style her for all of her holidays events!
Is now a #glogsteredu ambassador! :)
You got that right!
Joining the club & busting out some #Whitney tonight!
You're not supposed to put it in your eyes...
you back on set next week?
Seems to me there's lots of extra armed officers on d.c. Metro. Wonder what's up.
How so, the apple site says the call starts on the hour (5pm EST)
Nothin like a round of golf on a Sunday afternoon
RT : FYI: Who's in Charge? More Bacteria live & work in one centimeter of your lower colon than the sum of all humans ever born.
I could teach you but I'd have to charge....
turf gone at camp randall... plumbing and hvac next week under the field..
I prefer Nuglet.
An author interviewed on NPR says using the word "Suddenly" is bad writing. Think about it. The word is unnecessary in a well written scene.
Searching for something then realizing that it was in your hands the whole time.
So, so awful that that is possible.
Can't find the tv remote. I'm naming it Waldo.
"learning how to play a sport really affected how I saw myself and my body." --Geena Davis
www.facebook.com/jadedchainband check it out please! I'll give you a dollar
Follow ? Love your tweets your so pretty luv :)
Uh oh, anything we can do to help?
Anytime! Hope to see you in Chicago again soon!
I'm sure there's a "how to" video on YouTube :)
Who needs a B3 when you could be saving for THAT?
#Cardinals time!
Spoke before residents in #DelCerro & 2 people are being overcharged on waterbills. Proving help, but city water needs #tech help.
M.O.E & 15five Ent Presents Valentines Night inside Klusoz with Mike Green & Greg G Live! Ladies 21+ Free. DJ Mystik in the mix (281 & R ...
Of course! I was thinking of a 22oz Taj Mahal :)
Well thats just fucked up lies now!
Just finishing up my first draft of the Archivists' Toolkit guide to be used in the project--second draft is tomorrow's work!
RT : A lot of shit done changed!
and then cancel the Time Warner.
yes just did! Thank you very much I appreciate it!
Sleep is my drug, my bed is my dealer, and my mom are the police!
What?!? RT : DDOT reports road collapsing at 22nd & H St, NW. The 800 block of 22nd St is closed at this time. DDOT on scene.
lively discussion of rent control in Oceanside. Some say fight is really about development, not affordable housing
I just watched that movie on Netflix and died a tiny, poorly dressed, bony, British death. Complete with 90's girl power rock.
happy birthday lil. Bro enjoy ur day hopefully I see u this weekend
Good Morning!! God Is Good
is my favorite Bball player in IU History. Hes been through a ton in 4 years.so heres one last ovation for you VJ, you deserve it.
I wish Jay-Z and Beyonce would get on stage and present their baby to the world like in the Lion King.
I think that there are no "shoulds", a couple will know when they are ready and if they think they made a mistake they can move on.
happy one year anniversary of making your youtube channel, ! :-)
filling out my twitter account
can't wait until April 3!
can I just #GiveObamaCreditfor..the drug bust?
Are we sure that they didn't mistake Braun's test for Pujols'? I mean the guy did recover from a broken hand in 17 days.
To make runoff he doesn't need juice. Just for SDs Dem majority to not abandon him in droves.
Good thing Vancouver weather is no-polar! Lol
#phonechargefail charged and ready to go (finally) and had dinner. How are the parties? Where are you now?
thanks for following (:
RT : www.facebook.com/cultuschichi :) PLEASE "like" the Facebook page for my jewelry line -- thank you!
#ICantStandPeople that belittle(put on blast) other peolpe in public.....
Well, well, well look what the cat dragged in.... A nap!
Trying to keep from sobbing at the new Animal Collective tracks
actually i mean sys providers, not all vendors, like kuali OLE
track of the year, methinks
haha, no way. I had enough last year!
Sittiin in church hungry as hell
Nomo basic bitches I swear!!!
Getting ready with Karissa and Aimee :)
"Each new highway that cut into a city's core cut the metropolitan population" -Edward Glaeser
i got it: they fix the bad ending with a time travel sequence, sending the whole mess back to 1987.
How did you celebrate #WorldCancerDay? #DNation Milwaukee celebrated by fighting back and making their miles more meaningful!
you crack me up
even talking about the born this way ball and seeing you brings me to my knees <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Yes im very Excited for the Show
The looks of actual photoshop and illustratir sitting in my dock? I've been waiting 10 years for that. #photorgasm?
Can't wait to come to SA. Think maybe we can webcast? You'll remember me when you see me. We go back to sxsw08 & the CC tour
Talk to us :)
It's fucking incredible how some people still don't know the difference two, to & too. If you're that stupid you should be killed.
I been sitting in this closet for bout ten minutes tweeting and haven't found nun to wear.
HOW DARE YOU THINK THAT HE IS A TEAM CAPTAIN THEREFORE NEVER DIRTY YOU INFIDEL
college is a wonderful thing to experience... but in hs i wish they wuda told me more about HBCU's!!.
the WAC workshop at Stanford sounds very cool!
ugh. I have to get up for a final in less than four hours. -__-
These bitches are crazy
great minds think alike. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Great catching up with you tonight! I even learned something new about you... that you're a scientist at heart!
Yay thank you!
. and finally, actively recruit more new archivists to run for office/serve on committees, like I was encouraged to do
This cooler weather is GREAT for marching band practices! How are everyone's shows coming along this season?
AH!! Dance Moms is on in 30 minutes!!! <3
I wish I was rich, I would've bought some Facebook stock today
RT : Maurice Sendak, author of 'Where the Wild Things Are,' has died at 83. -
I joined google+ early on, but I find it hard to keep up with SM. Anyone know of a plugin or way to attach all social media?
good luck with the studio pod.
Congrats to from all of us at The Porters on your Ovation Recommendation from !
I'm crossing all 10 fingers for ya :-)
So blessed<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
over the top love!
You're killing me. I need it now!!! :D RT : just wait >;]
"That a woman conceived me, I thank her; that she brought me up, I likewise give her most humble thanks" ...
Finished #beastmode session in the am with personal trainer.. My body is gonna hate me tomorrow:/
we'd like to think so. Thanks for the tweet!
How much are wigs at the beauty supply store?
": Penn State team colors officially changed to yellow. #cowards" you are right about that Goldie!
Great idea! RT : If you're here at MSG for #NYR game, tweet-up at sect 109 after first period! #letsgo!!
idk man, i would like to see us move up in the draft a little bit. we need a shooter, or else hamilton should play a ton next year
I'm heading over to for their Wine Down for the Weekend event, from 4-8 at 3rd & Copper. Come, and bring some friends!
Up now still don't feel no better
they got rid of rocky & brought him ?!?
D-Day for the mighty #PhilaUnion !!!!! We are winning this tonight! #Zolo #C'monTheU
Mother Nature exercises austerity.
< Thanks for the Inclusion!!!
OH I AM DEF GOING
that's probably it. Thanks!
The Pens had a tough stretch of travel in the last week, but they will rebound tonight in Montreal.
we all are. its because we are taught to believe this person that person this body is perfect that if we find the slightest thing
Music yoga wisdom laughter love and light... join me for my first official yoga teaching gig this Saturday morning at Melt on State Street
houston friends get a pair of guie #fairtrade #handmade #shoes for $50 this weekend only!! contact us at or 713-518-8406
Expense Manager is An Application Sony Ericsson Mobiles ...
I guess so. But I think most NFL players have respect just by virtue of being in the NFL..somehow it seems disappointing
ProTip from for ad reps: 'Information = Confidence' Be knowledgeable about #mobile industry trends and analytics!
time to stream John Mayer's new album :)
not as far as milwaukee. Lol.
You can. It's pretty easy to set up a schedule, and you can override it at any time.
My next photo shoot needs to use that theme!! that's a classic.
If you were a tear in my eyes, I would not cry for the fear of losing you.
Awesome! I'm staying up in your neck of the woods. Meet up at 7pm?
Do you know the meaning of the #ANC Centennial logo? Read more, on its meaning that derived from the theme ' Unity in Diversity'...
Thanks for sharing Louie!
Finally kicked the sinus infection and for the first time in a LONG time actually feel good about most if not all things
Hey thanks!!! So cool!
Twitter; People I really fucking want to go to school with.. Facebook; Some people who fucking annoy me yes.
This year we are only allowing members running for e-board next year to go and I'm graduating! I'm jealous that ur going tho!
A big welcome to animator extraordinaire, John Canemaker. See you at 4pm on Sat. in the Dryden.
loved that video first time I saw it, great to see again--thanks!
Where will you be....for the revolution?
When it all comes down To a sunrise on the East Side, Will you be there to carry home The remains of my wasted youth?
Yo, sounds easy. Sometime on Tuesday works for me.
Effing bored... Who's down to go to the movies?
Good Morning everyone today is going to be an amazing day. I can just feel the amazingness coming :)
Agree with you!
well thank you c:< and I'm Sheila btw..which I think you know that already :O
awaiting return of bigfishgames so I can properly do nothing on this holiday & wondering how my company's data center compares to fisher!
SO sorry for not getting back to you sooner! We are always looking for talent! We will keep in touch with you!
Bumpin #Authentic Live in the X5 "Like Whoa"
quit tellin lies
thanks for the info. that is right up my alley!!
I'm taking baby steps. By which I mean I stumble around, crap my pants, and cry until someone gives me a bottle.
How is it that someone can so beautiful? And yes. I'm taking about So gorgeous. Only girl I'd be straight for!!
you love us! If you cry this easily #BGC is not the place for you love :)
but i dont wanna
Who all will be this weekend? I'll be gong.
Happy #FF! Following those who #DoGood:
Yep yep im up, slept early now can't go back to sleep..oh well,
#ItSeemsLike when I try you don't but when you do,I don't.
trendsetter, bushwacker, trailblazer, astronaut, leader, champion, pilot, driver, frontier-er (ok maybe not that last one)
Eat high fiber foods, they keep you fuller longer!
Try chia seeds on your yogurt or in oatmeal for a crunchy protein boost. Delish!!
thanks for the follow ! this is my podcast's twitter -i think you'll likey. Follow me for the rest, if you would like to.peace
hasn't been over for ever, what the hell
you from the south? Lol
Thanks for the RePin on Pinterest!
Awesome SWEAT SESH this morning yeehaa sweat-a-mongo!!!
lol oh my my my START YPUR ENGINES BOYS!
the rain is beautiful!
I need a new outlet to release rage maybe MMA naw too short well im just gonna go play water polo and see how that goes
never trust a girl who has more hair on her face than "you" do
Happy Monday everyone! Start ur week off right w/ a coupon for a free medium Fry & Medium Soft Drink w/ purchase of any Angus Burger!
What an embarrassing mess...
Friday nighst belong to Whiskey Tango. Even better with #freeparking in downtown Hollywood.
Romney still clueless after all these years. Go back to your family & let rest of us live our truth!
congrats! Post some photos for us to see.
Ok we are at last heading back 7 hours later and it appears I am officially tweeting my location which I said I would not do...is that lame?
#LastTimeIChecked Cinderella didn't have to take off her clothes to get her prince charming & neither do you.
I'm so exhausted but my brain will not give up. Than I realized a cup a coffee than 2 Venti won't do me Justice. #Caffeine<U+2717>3 o_O
Robert Shaw: saying "Blend you Rascals!" is useless. The conductor needs to say what's wrong. Blend is the combo of many things. Tim Seelig
Thanks for the birthday wishes! :)
The show "Toddlers and tiaras" was named that way because "Mothers with self esteem issues" just wasn't as catchy.
Time for some evening yoga. Yay!
im also writing you an article right now
HOLY FUCK THE NEW IS SO GOD
Best News Ever yesterday!
Thanks for the mention, have a great week!
"Video ads accounted for 18.5% of all videos viewed" -> Video Ad Impressions Reach Record Numbers in March 2012...
Does anyone know how to look up tags in Like what Cs: hpsc OR Cs: gw OR Cs: hho-mtg means?
I've been cataloguing for 5 hours straight and I still have a smile on my face. :-)
Haha. I'm pretty sure he's going to give me the Tommy Frazier treatment.
I love how you fucking tell me what I'm doing today. It's my life!
you're a beautiful lady!
praying for you guys... We need to connect again soon. Blessings!!!
deal. The rest can be made up in foot messages.
THANK YOU to all of our veterans for your dedication and service to our country.
get the monthly pass!
Mario Andretti Opens New Firestone Complete Auto Care Store In Henderson, NV
Played the new song for the first time and it sounds SICK!
Hey Jess! How's tejas treating you today! Miss you!
Three Year Goals - Prioritize learning on strategies and tactics.
I want shorts as high as mettas!
no no no you're not serious.
love you too :P <3
Yuck! Ladies get it TOGETHER
Me: I'm gonna do my homework & study. Austin Mahone: No, stay on Twitter & fangirl over me.
thanks 4 the article. Football is dangerous in nature, only so much you can do. Hope vets get care.
24th. I'm announcing that too.
you got the blackberry tour?
Very interesting debate on Russell Wilson on ESPN. Heated arguments.
meeting my cairo peeps on that rooftop #priceless. this time my friend's belly is sO FULL of LOve #boy's love .. o ya... a
For Mother's Day, I'm downloading music to my mom's iPod Nano, that we bought her for Christmas!
/orders jersey RT “: QB Vince Young will wear number 10 with the #Bills”
Working non stop on the final edit of my book. Please pray for me as I try to finish! This has been a marathon, but I know God will use it.
Happy Mother's Day to you also. I'll post another pic.
My car smells like apples.
#ratchetcolognesmells Like Axe
For reals, y'all?
Her eyes were the color of shiny poop...=)I love talking to Anna!
hi coach how are you
No traffic on i95 today? It's a miracle. Made it home in 25 minutes!
i miss you...i leave you tweets like i leave snow tracks on the ground so you can follow me.. :)
Having a fire drill today
When you are so down, and feel there is nothing left, it is time to just let go, and let God take on the rest.
Should I buy myself an amazing kindle or more uggs?.
#NP: Smash into you.
I got a joint ...savings account set up for my children's college education.
BIG TEN CHAMPIONSHIP/FINAL SCORE: Michigan State 68, Ohio State 64
Apparently, the average tweet expends 1.5 calories. Work it...work it...fell the burn...
Great workout today for the guards and great work for the post! Stressing fundamentals!
I'm not worried at all but I'm here for you Lakers Fam. Let them talk, as OUR history shows we always reload and keep coming back.
So glad #elit is returning to #mla13!! Tx to all who org and participated this yr
I have found my guitar tone!!
“: Do fish smoke seaweed?”
Sometime I feel like somebody's watching uss
I am so very flattered!
Couldn't help but notice you all had the same MSG (not retweeted). Hacker? Virus?
Life is funny every1 got up in arms over Mary J Blige singing about chicken now BK selling them 4 a buck....
It's official! My collaborator and I will be presenting at a conference. One of our theater heroes will also be presenting.
And I put together all the pieces, the only thing I'm missing is you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Taco bell or chinese Food?
This #JulietSims chick on #TheVoice is real freaky deaky. I dig.
Fast Train To A Quiet Place #NowPlaying Have To Say This Is One Of My Favorites! Enjoy
L-Train!
The smaller the understanding of the situation, the more pretentious the form of expression. -John Romano
I need to let it rip ... Yup I said it. I'm human and a girl. #yolo lmao
I think I heard several shots fired near 50th and NE Roosevelt just now
5/22 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Brian Scott McFadden
We just had brunch together...
Agreed. RT : Not impressed.
love that you changed your profile pic to your ghost face lmfao
Im tired.
#Vista real estate market update: Sales volume up 22% versus last year. Prices down 8%. This market is getting really hot with upward trend.
yall just left & i read RT:Just got food poisoning from TacoBell. I didn't make a run for the border. I made a run for the toilet.
Ima be ok I don't need to much just a red cup and one vanilla dutch
I really don't know. And I've read a bunch of journalist defense columns, and I can't help but wondering how many of them PLAYED
whats good bro?
YAY!!! your there. Workday sucked. but ur the reason for my good mood *grin*
We're replumming our Facebook page. Join us for ongoing juice!
Nommmmm Chinese food
So our 2 backup SS options are guys cut by the Astros? If you played SS in college (or even high school) I suggest you call the Brewers
Welcome to Twitter & thx for the follow! We hope to see you @ this year's #DiplomaticBall. Sending Save the Date on Friday.
is there any other thing to trip?
kids these days dont know about waking up early just to watch cartoons
"It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men." Frederick Douglass
but, would Alex be willing to share?
LOL! You won't know until you try! RT : mo betta, I think! Seeing your handsome face would probably get you more votes!
been good here! :) finishing up my script and going to write a short story for the LGBT to benefit the NOH8 campaign!
RT : A good mentor offers directions and driving tips from the back seat. You still have to drive the car. - Michael Johnson
2 cups of coffee in and it's only 8:30am....BUT...Avengers was awesome and def worth getting only 3 hours of sleep
Good Morning!
heey guys ! this is (: im the new co-owner for this account !! im ashley (: hey guys ! <U+2665>
God gives you 2 eyes, 2 ears, but only 1 heart. It's 'cause your supposed to go through life & find the other half.
on the actual site and lost all of my work. Not sure if you can control that, though. Just a copy/paste warning is enough.
love the Lois Vitton bottoms. ..gives it a classy touch
haha boo, burn that hashtag! you aren't old till you're powder in a jar! feels good to be out but I'm doing summer classes on Sun.
Headed to #Interactive & interested in #gamification? Hit up w/ a DM; we have an invite 4 u!
I dunno
Last ride to Longport this "winter" with !
#dougbarra thanks for the follow, Have a Fabulous weekend!
6 Great Alternatives to Netflix
Saxophone playing Mendelssohn Violin Concerto and Don Juan in the subway post-NY Philharmonic concert. Cute! But could be faster
Congrats! What are you going to get?
fucking love my draw full of beanies and snapbacks, need more.
Agreed. I'm going to put the blame on I'm sure he deserves it for some reason. I don't know what, be he does...
damn, some bitches had the ugliest dresses at prom..
Loving being home for my High School Reunion!
my phone auto corrected that lol
Well get on in a few nerdlinger.
picture us hvin sex on da beach on top of a all blk bentley w/limo tent on all blk rims wit doors open jammin "I GOT GOOD DICK.:-*
on flt 2362 NO food to buy NO wine to buy TV broken. Crew says it's because they didn't anticipate a full flt. Seriously?
I DIDNT EVEN SAY ANYTHING.... I WAS JUST WONDERING UR AGE? IM SORRY IF U MIS READ IT BUT I DIDNT MEAN ANYTHING MEAN BY IT!
I sometimes forget but... Midwesterners are SO DAMN nice. It's startling.
Tweet us and tell why you should get free concert tickets!!! Best reason gets you tickets plus more!!!
I've got soul but I'm not a solider.
you can choose a custom format there and make it just the post name, or when you write the post you can edit the permalink then
About to go out on to my back deck to see this moon everyone is talking about. I'm in my boxers and a t-shirt, but so what...
we're having a holiday gathering with sandwiches at MLK Tuesday night. will be at both. cc:
We Got One
#MillerParkOpener let's go boys!!!
Thx for the add and thx for the great #SEO talk you gave to biz owners of Eastlake
" Why are you holding hands? I forbid you to hold hands!"- Raj
watching the Roast of Charlie Sheen rerun from last night....still as funny as the first time...totally screwed up lol.
I feel like sucha stalker when i watch videos on people I knows' youtube channels.
It's a good time to be a San Antionio sports fan!! & #Spurs in the play-offs!!
M...gotta love the smell of cellulose decay. :)
please send a large file to this email i keep getting spam from it lets show the stammers. thanks for your help
you can tag along.
I can see that young Bieber girl really growing into her looks.
We're back in the tweeting world! What up!!!!
hello hello again! how are you?
I'm jealous lol. I've never even been to Vegas. What sparked the move?
what you got going down today?
Wow me & bro are clearly in love with niggas tht are scared of commitment :( smh
Get ready for the hottest show in the world for Indie music Artist...Break That Single show is for the people by the people.11am-1pm PST
u should make some with me
Looking forward to lunch with Cousin Sue for month #160 in a row today.
A4 Chicha beer in Peru. Kind of a mystery, home made corn beer that you can't see through.
well if it is in foreclosure I'd say look for another place right now and not pay rent anymore. That's just me though.
Wow, thank you for posting the Warren video. Immensely appreciated.
ok cool
Where in the world is ? Miss you and your craziness
JUST ANNOUNCED: Taking Back Sunday w/ The Maine on Tuesday, October 18 at New Daisy! Tickets go on sale this Saturday!
Photography Lovers...Elinchrom EL 19360 Skyport Universal Trigger Set on Amazon.com for only $125. Screaming deal. Only two sets left.
haha I am so inspired
Follow back please?(: It would mean a lot to me!!(:
you're so meeeeaan.
This week's topic: The overkill on Tiger Woods coverage despite the fact he doesn't even win or come close for that matter.
English without nick is like life without a penis
I need my I can see you but you can't see my eyes shades on today!
2010 Tire Pe "Diem" Merlot blend Bordeaux, France !!!
The one where your eyes get all big and you do a frown type thing. The one we do all the time.
hanging out in Boston with the morning show pre-monster jam performance! (cc: )
I just found my Xanga
Record setting #earlybirdspecial. Done with dinner before 5!
do you know where to get a good n'duja recipe?
safe travels honey and bring me a gift back
Finally got my hotel reservations done with. Should of done that a while ago, but saving money is always good.
2 of 3) We're passionate about connecting people and what it means to live in a connected, vibrant community.
The Japanese will be extinct in the year 3011 based on a study of their declining birth rates and disinterest in reproduction.
you are welcome!
how's life miss?
- Oomfs Killing Me ! S M H
leading Pittsburgh 40-38 in the third quarter.
Love Rock "That's about as close as it gets...that's not even close". Ok then.
RT : I wonder if I've met the person I'm going to end up marrying.
Hey you all should follow !!!:D Please?
and there's the creepy racist thing he's got going on.
Can't wait to see you tonight.
Blissful Death is stealing time from Bug Princess... Help!!!
yea I can imagine
I kno, they're awesome! The albums's awesome! I just need to get it :D
Whole Foods in Wexford grand opening is today! Good luck Whole Foods & welcome!
want to meet me around 1 at ceasers for a drink or two then meet Erin somewhere for dinner?!
wait... Speidi is still a thing?
haha I'm excited :)
#IfYouKnowMeYouKnow that I also have a thing for elbows \(^.^)/
Today's selection for the weight room - Dark Angel "Time Does Not Heal"
The wind has finally died down! Hoping no one has any property damage...
trying to figure out my friday HH schedule is difficult when both and have events at the same time!
Ah! Education... Very nice. :)
Minnesota is trying to give this game to Michigan and Michigan is saying no thanks.
: yeah right, they are fun jump off chicks
Watching the gives me anxiety.
Where are #TeamDivas???
I found my 1st gray hair...it wasn't gray it was white
and want to reach a broader audience with the empowering work that we are doing...
It takes balls to call in sick on a Friday.
"When you dream about someone, that means that they thought about you before they went to sleep" JUSTIN BIEBER WAS THINKIN ABOUT ME?!?!?!?<3
no, that's mine!!!
I told her how my dad took ALL of the $200 I gave him 4 her patio set for Mothers Day & she's mad at him at the moment so ha!
“: America's #Nurses, as always, there to care for a sick patient. Well done Nurses!! Follow, RT #taxwallstreet”
#dtl2011 dumping knowledge doesn't work. So now what?
Have you ever booked yourself a mixer meeting at either station?
photoshoot postponed but, it's a great day to get some writing in...be well peeps...AS
i think i failed the SOL!
You should follow me back :b
Whats that suppose to mean.. ?
Tonight at Cliff Bells, The WSU Jazz Dept. performs. All of the Jazz ensembles. I will perform with the Guitar Jazz Ensemble 1. Starts
Take care!
who's in the pic with u can't really see it ?
Murder isn't murder if the body is never found. It just turns into a missing person.
ok social net world, i guess my break is over, back to the hustle
#Thatmomentwhen a cute guy starts talking to you<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Balance between contribution & curation: frameworks key to "opening a direct channel betw visitors & their history"
Sry B...I like quotes
Don't you just love fried pickel's ?
This WI girl is just confused by the weather in Pittsburgh..it's so warm here, I feel like I'm cheating winter..
It was real, Walmart. Now I'm onto other things!
Thank you so much for helping me promote our DIY Design Competition.
Hebrew Hammer!! Vindication baby!!! : Ryan Braun on winning appeal: "Best Purim gift ever."
This iPad is amazing I love it!!!!!!
Is the lobos the last one standing?
lol I'm proud of you!
Off to the plant sale at the Celebrate #EarthDay!
Cuddling with a cat even though I'm allergic... YOLO!
yeah I did! Looked it up earlier this year & I swear it was like Aug 27th....
We need to start talking about our UX conference! And I still want to come down to your meetup to give a talk.
I blame for running out of town. I hope your happy.
On the fuckin interstate
those are called "suicide doors". I think it's a "50's" term.
Fair enough.
anytime!! If your happy I'm happy! :)
No problem--hope the events are all going well!
Kane dropped out in NY today from an injury giving Rocky the win. Join us, in Tampa, to see where he goes from there.
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business. - Henry Ford
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithShady must be shady
I net to say that to someOne else srry
I need a hug (:
We just submitted too! #Madison represent!
I Don't Hate You, I've Just Lost All Respect For You!
when r we gonna see u do some booty poppin on youtube?
yes please. I need a lesson and we all need to laugh and have cocktails
Haha anytime, we should catch up sometime.
WHITNEY HOUSTON, YOU WILL BE MISSED BY THE WORLD. LOVE, PEACE AND RESPECT TO YOUR LOVED ONES. FLY WITH THE ANGELS AND SUFFER NO MORE!!
4 years! I'm amazed too. I stopped teaching last year to finish book. Miss students like you but love spending my days writing.
Prince will receive this year's BET Lifetime Achievement Award at the June 27 Awards ceremony, which will mark its 10th anniversary.
Stymied by the reorganization of the anthro section of my library. In desperation, started to read "Primitive Classification." Not helpful.
Glad to see on here!
Vera Wang is an American Idol fan? We have so much in common!!!
one of many, like the NCAA rankings for next year right after tourney, etc. Space wasters and time killers
thank you for your support. Get the word out there for us. Enjoy your weekend.
HUGE heavies in the ring - McRae (253) vs Johnson (221) Beefy. #boxing -ms
We learn wisdom from failure much more than success. We often discover what we will do, by finding out what we will not do. Samuel Smiles...
Hamed Haddadi from Iran led the 2008 olympics in rebounds per game.
Good day started off with a workout. then productive day. now to have a little fun!
Oral Roberts just made the Sportscenter top 10. Wow!
South African Drawn Dead Poker Pro playing in tournament at monte carlo
Job Security? RT : My breakfast this morning was a chocolate chip cookie that the dentist's office gave me...because hey, WHY NOT?
who thinks we should do a live chat soon?
C'mon .. We need this series !
If you've never looked at one of Jonny's tweets and thought "same" or "I feel ya" (etc etc) then I'm pretty sure you're a liar.
Damn, there's still so many people I need to hit up to make music..
-- yes, I'd include Smalltalk and Scheme, w/ch were "siliconized" a couple decades ago, but good candidates today too.
what Warren-ethnicity issue?
this bernie mac show still funny...
r U really Allie?i think ur Awesome:)! if~if U r the real Awesome Allie pls be my tweeter friend & follow me back:)!i'm f 90!
I saw the rainbows today too. Absolutely gorgeous!
- 2nd Request - Where can I find out how much it costs to put on the NEA Jazz Masters awards show?
Ah lil homie must be mad at me lol.
Out in literally the middle of nowhere, Maine at a VA hospital. This is bizarre.
Me too. I almost exclusively brew tripels and strong Belgian ales. AKA, Velvet Hammer and POW!!
This better be an epic winter filled with massive amounts of gnar.
That's great, Heather!
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY FROM MOJO'S WORLD!!!!!!!!!!
Together we're a combined mess, lol!
very disappointed in your take on #Wisconsin. If you did ANY research you'd realize these moves make complete sense.
If my Coke was any color besides white, I would probably be a little concerned.
almost as much as I hate reading others artist statements
Do I dare / Disturb the universe? In a minute there is time / For decisions and revisions which a minute will reverse.
Don't worry its the age. Were sll emotional wrecks til we hit like 25 lol ": My feelings now days are so sensitive"
lol cus wen a real gay girl came around u was foreign to everything she was on. All imma say is *new years 2011*
I knew some chickens who flew well enough to escape their yard. Then owners clipped their wings; now they're on the nice-try list.
hey babe how r u? My day was blessed I can't complain
We do, that's why I wanted to test out the paywall stuff.
Our products are created by merging different art talents. We use wood, wrought iron and art painting.
hahah!! I thought about yelling but then I decided against it!!
"Wow. I wish I could speak whale."
Tired of my money "disappearing"...
Every day is 75 and sunny. Meteorologists in San Diego must be really bored.
cuz I feel that way
Everyone follow <U+2665> GO GO GO GO GO hehe !!
Such a beautiful painting!
"then we shamelessly grinded... Hello summer?" someone had a good night
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 6
I've come to a conclusion ... She wants the dick ....
WGIRLS Milwaukee make runway debut this Friday at Charity Fashion Show by WGIRLS Milwaukee & Aras Promotions at Milwaukee Athletic Club!
Barrett did not lose his Congressional seat, he stepped down after redistricting as to not primary Jerry Kleczka
tyranny of "print equivalencies"
get at me please. Need to setup interview. Thanks
Fantastic! Congratulations!
yeah exactly!! I feel sorry for ppl blaming others for the negative consequences of actions they took. Lol it's sad
thats sexy as hell
Nice job on Misty Copeland piece, !
Love this!
jeez child lazy piece of <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> hahah jokes!!(:
Teleportal Readings tonight! Hope to see you there!
it's great! what's your handle?
That's a fun camp!
Who wants to bukkake tonight? I do!
every time it rainss we are gunna go to walmart nooww :)
Timmy Edwards reppin the griffs on proud fellow cuserrrr
5 guys burgers and fries is the best but not as good as you <3
The CBS 58 Morning News is on the scene of breaking news: house fire in Hales Corners.
No tits attached
UCLA will be a train wreck with a ton of talent. Mark it down, big heads and selfish. Kyle Anderson is the worst.
(At least, I'm fairly sure that's the case$
Check out a few of our awesome speakers for this
what did they tell her?? :o
Las Vegas for NYE? Yep.
almost 18million beliebers #proud iam a belieber and am proud being one
industrial size push broom for a 4 game sweep.. regular house broom for 3 game sweep... better head to the garage to get the big broom.
there aren't many prof (tenure track, at least) available. and if history book sells 2000 copies, it's wildly successful.
watching the washers scene on Utopia. Not nearly as intense and heated as our legendary matches.
which location? But average either no wait to 15 min hat early!
ISO an album from an artist that crosses all genres.
Not of her talk at UCLA, unfortunately, but she's given versions of it elsewhere. Perhaps someone else recorded it?
he love going up and down them steps now.
I hate it when my hand falls asleep
Sometimes say "Friendster" when you mean "Facebook" and get embarrassed?
Got the Final Mix For #MyCity! S/O To My Peoples
If a drunken mind speaks sober thoughts then does that mean a sober mind speaks drunken thoughs?.
haha I miss you :)
hahaha you know what's up!
Thank you, we certainly appreciate!
Huge thanks to and Danielle Chapman for creating a *terrific* #TOCChicago event -- let's do it again!! (via ) I 2nd that!
i might as well live at jess' house #beenhere6 hours
cure for a bored day is to bake! making some orange soak cake bars.. lets see how this turns out.
aww, doesn't work and I really wanted to see it. You find really great stuff!
I get sick listening to old weezy.....he so fucking sorry now
Before you talk, listen. Before you act, think. Before you criticize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. Before you quit, try.
It takes 5 minutes for one train to go between Medical Center and Friendship Heights. So why are there 25 minute deals?
Conserve #water! Take shorter showers.
me either - been so darn busy - which is why it's so nice when you popped into my stream for a moment - Cheerio :D
And Seth Rogan...love the mix tonight.
A jealous girl is a faithful girl.
Thumbs up. RT : Because my mom rools, I shall rock this pic of us when I was a twig w/braces in honor of Mother's Day weekend
then they started showing the music video to Call Me Maybe.. and they pretty much showed the whole video. even the end, lmfao.
. Eastern Virginia Medical School grew out of the need for a healthcare workforce pipeline.
“: haha I forgot about Andre Rison! At least the Browns got Trent Richardson” yep but I am fuming no WR
All bathroom sinks $7 and all toilets are $15 at the Wash. Co. ReStore. can you say bathroom remodel?
Come join us Billy
Well eff it then. My day is ruined and I'm going back to bed. Stupid toaster!
give some new guys a chance to prove themselves and stop recycling all these old coaches after they've stop being successful.
sounds good. Friends & i are planning to go to bev hilton pool on sunday if u wanna join!
"You want me to go?" - "no!" - "then why did you bring her?" ... makes me tear up every time.
S/O to the beautiful homie xo
SA peeps: not doing anything tonight? Come play trivia at hosted by yours truly at 7:30!
Your Questions About Backyard Landscaping Ideas For Small Yards
Depends what you want to do. I prefer Coda, but TextMate is better at some things.
thanks for the RT's yesterday! #isitmorningalready?
to announce #smartpower approach to #empoweringwomenandgirls through #sports at conference with
OMG I SHOULD START LIKE COUGHING LIKE A WEIRDO TOO AND YOU ALL LOUD BE LIKE BLESS YOU!!
LOL! "Are they ill-tempered? ... It's a start."
I was about to write a good quote but then I got high and forgot it.
Lol advice for married people: if you Gona buy something expensive like a car or something talk to Ur husband or wife about it first xD
got tkts for Ron Swanson from parks&rec @ 8. will i write and edit a 2500 word essay on teapot dome scandal in time? stay tuned, internet
Good because I like being a smart ass, but I am like A Cowardly Lion Smart Ass
Reached new heights in geekness. It's 2am in Tokyo and I'm watching live updates from Mac WWDC
If Minneapolis gets any colder I'll let you'll know.
If chocolate is the answer, the question is irrelevant.
A BlackBerry without a keyboard is like America without smartphones.
I think it is funny. People are too precious. The man is a great footballer without a brain cell. What did people expect?
Whats that? The EP was released June 22nd? And and....We havent put up the songs online yet? YOU THINK WE CARE ABOUT YOUR...
.-. I'll learn one day but that party is not going to be it.
A hockey and Kaiser Sosa reference in the same tweet. Classic!
Amazing Frat house themed party last night !
I know, crazy right? started the year 11-8 at home, 17-1 since... and thatnks for the RT!
I see your future... you eat ass and die?
Stellar! May 17 will be great fun. Though I'm ever so slightly wary of it being called The Adult Programs. Should I pack a thong?
Had a blast last week shooting an Industrial for CENGAGE in the 3-camera State-of-the-Art iTV Studio with an amazingly talented cast & crew!
So very sorry to hear that Dr. Cole Gustafson of NDSU and the Ag Economics community died over the weekend in a farm machinery incident.
Why not she wants it done!
Thanks for watching!
high praise...thank you. "wicked good" might make a nice binary-busting tagline for the branded cyborg. ;)
Reading Infinite scenarios <3
At the gym actually
please promise us RHOA didnt go postal on each others' ass tonight in georgia
Exclusive:Children of a murdered North County man speak out for the first time. How you can bring justice to their family at 11 on NBC 7.
i got very lost and couldnt find my class. Come to realize i did not have that class today
doin the same on the camera . Looking at the Olympus GT1 tuff series. Does it all
we can wait to have you. What's better than a league with one Mansell? I'd say a league with 2
I didn't know we are hanging tonight
where in the hell is that??!
"It's always too early to quit." Norman Vincent Peale
YES. I'm off the steroids today so I should be able to drink tomorrow. HAY.
just had to work some triage on a Blackberry Torch for my boss. it gave me a renewed appreciation for android.
oh so pretty!
“: Guess what day I never have a short sale update? Monday. So, don't bother asking.” [juat had a convo w ]
Interns smell.
thanks for your follows!
Happy Holidays all!
The more sales emails I "unsubsribe" from, the more I get...I think they simply use those as a way of confirming who opens their emails.
I just found out that my Curb Your Enthusiasm episode will air on July 10. Stay tuned!
nuthin to say, nowhere to say it
too funny... Might make a good show
Do you think Sherman would be a good fit?
man everyone is getting acquired these days. maybe all of the talks were initiated on Feb 14...
I cannot believe he is still at MSU. I would have thought he would have ate it by now.
very soon
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.~Mae West...This also applies to wines, let us help you pick one tonight!
NESN's version of Amber Theoharris is not nearly as hot. Who is this Pelzer pitching for the O's? I like his stuff.
I'm enjoying a day at home; reading and drinking tea.
he's hungry too
I thank god for letting Joe Jonas be on this earth!
MAC, robbers haha
So is that Kony 2012 still going on tonight? (or did the guy who created the video lose all his support? you heard what he did right??)
RT : #Capricorn's love a good argument because they usually end up winning because they know their facts
Name that Tune for Muse tickets coming on up...
I've got one vote for DeRozan, one for Kleiza...anyone else have an opinion on the better stat line tonight? Making my fantasy picks :)
The Legend of Shaw is back in the line up tonight folks.
I can forget about sleep this week.
I wanna hit that!
Hey old and new friends! If you got a Facebook , go like our page and download our music. Tell your buddys!
So...being that 4/20 is National "Get High" Day...would it wrong 4/21 to be National Surprise Drug Test Day???
Home misses you!
Very cool. Hope to meet him today at the conf.
Understood Steven. That means we have to scream louder until someone hears.
...and, will Fed now ignore Jamie and not water down bank reforms? [crickets heard]
I like my nice a little naughty.
don't worry that was my jam in 2005. AKA I'm old.
Pinterest. You chug like a high school senior. Speed up.
Two home soccer games tomorrow at the St. Francis fields, and one Sunday in Avon. Sounds like another busy weekend!
hm, curly W... Walgreens? hehe. They really should've carved out a new W for their logo (even if the Senators used it)
It's game day! Let's go Marquette!
Impressive presentation by KSU undergrad Travis Allen. Well done and good luck
team follow back
tap shoes: acquired
thank you :)
3 synths, 1 guitar and the craziest lighting I've seen since Bjork ... Not sure how happy Trent would be about that comparison.
Stop this reckless rockstar behavior. We just want the old Wendy back.
sleepy head
Jackson! and I are going to California this summer! What are some good surf spots?
Happy birthday !
help me spread the word about
I hate my mom right now
Boredd . ughh , Some one text Mee #ask for the number .!!
Who created Valentines Day? no cheating on google :-)
Change me by your beauty God
I love everyone. Friends, family, enemies. Fuck it. #drunktweet I mean it.
hehe. unfortunately there's only one. Those tiny tiny LEDs were so hard to sew!
Have a safe flight and a fun trip !!!! LOVE YOU!!
Do me a favor, kiss my grits...u aint worth my time
team united and cp3 both picked up wins in the first session of the 2012 Nike EYBL
every time I hear the name Monroe I think about that Tyler Perry play.
FYI: A concierge does not park cars or store bags. haha
Having to walk past someone as if they were never a huge part of your life... #WorstFeelingEver </3
well I am going to go to bed &my iPod is dead ... I will talk to you tomorrow about it ! Thankss <33 bye !
Listening to the silence.
#iWantARelationship ... symbiotic and ever improving and allows the wholeness of life to make the lows very short. Exciement, fun & passion
Hey everyone! It could be bobble head night for softball! Come to mason sports park at 630
Let it out, mi hermano, if that's what you're feeling. Your real people will not judge you. And who cares about the rest?
not gonna risk it :)
How many times do you think I will get to run today! Go Trojans! Fight On!!!
On The Phone With Aarin
no probs mang! We are digging them so hard. Really great stuff.
Nickelodeon TV Audition for New TV Show
i feel old
#Goodmorning twitter land! I hope your weekends were packed full of amazing memories! Let's make this week count! GO #BEEF!
ultimately, it's for my masters in regulatory and clinical research management at regis college. i forget where that is.
One of the greatest names ever RT : No, Sefolosha is the starter.
thanks so much for the RT for Austin! :)
we are very excited to be working on our student entries now!
Finland has now moved on to trying to hurt US players as oppose to trying to win/play a hockey game. Keep it classy, Finns...
dude she pisses me off my table is murders who talk about killin people and she wont move me? wtf? max screams f*ck all da tym
": I'd fight Mayweather if I could get all my school loans and parent's home paid off...lol" i cosign bro. Lol
<------ motivational tweeter!!
Id kill for a piece of that publishing.
Its snowing at LHG HQ! Is it snowing anywhere else?
Happy Super Bowl Sunday everyone!
I blame
Are you just picking up on that Galileo comment by Perry? He seemed to be backing the climate scientists. For a spell.
via Paradigm Shift Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. -William James
Class till 10, yea its pretty horrible....
Really? Did you really complain about "haters" and then taunt IU fans? BTW, it's not a birthmark. ;o)
: I just used the word "brandwich" on a client call. I love this job.
RT If I could have one super power it would be the ability to literally smack sense into people.
Hi Katie, theres some delays due to weather and alot of orders but id like to look into your order, what's the # u called from?
Yup! That is Portland for ya!
Desperate times call for desperate measures. Just picked up tim tebow as my fantasy football QB.
Damn you, study parties. I never get anything done with 20 people surrounding me.
Gotcha gotcha. Right lol
RT : Awesome Thursday night: with to benefit
: thanks for the mention!
Since when does Sam's Club send foot soldiers door to door to solicit memberships???
I am learning so much, transforming... yet not fully transformed! Nor will I ever be, and that is ok!
hehe thanks, wishing the same for you! ;-)
#ThingsIDontGet 2) How does a friend never return a phone call when every time you see them….they're on the phone.
I need more friends, my girls are always working.
RT You looked good until I clicked 'view more pictures' ......Lol
High energy at our Inn Group meeting this morning. It was noon and the networking was still going strong after 1.5 hours
and let the count down begin.....
hey hey hey buddy! thank you so much for the shoutout :) hope you had a carolinetastic day <3
groooaaaan. Too late!
If any of you are in NY tonight - go check out & performing in Brooklyn!! We wish we were there!
Big show March 10th @ Mr.smalls tickets are $12.
Bought our first house today. Family of 4 on 1 salary. Don't have new cars but kids have parents @ home and we have a home that's ours <3
most, though not all, were probably already dead. IRS revoked their np status en masse for nonfiling.
I'll be riding through my old hood but I'm in the new whip same old attitude but I'm on some new shit
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful mothers!
I DEMAND A RE COUNT!
Doing something special for my #mom in a couple hrs,
#warrior instantly went close to the top of my "favorite movies" list.
RT : Carroll on picking Irvin at No. 15: "We're pretty confident right now that he would have gone with the very next pick"
Just woke up..off to the bank
See you at the finish line tomorrow!
I can't stand the heat thoooe.
Thanks to for having us at the Halloween Skate Party tonight! Such a blast!
Just got done lifting weights
Why my job's cool: I get to go to #casesmc, meet/help smart folks, then take ideas to help make better in social. Cycle of win.
so excited to hear!
horror movies start where #dontlebronme ends. #dontlebronme celebrates Halloween Eve.
Good morning Friends! Have a great Wednesday :)
Today's the day! Join us for the Give Pits a Chance event at the Du Burns Arena starting at 1pm.
New topic - Want an OM-D EM5 + 12-50mm kit NOW (April 20) ? NO PROBLEM !
GGOOOO TEBOW!!!!! THAT WAS AMAZING!!!!=D
So much seafood at Satyricon last night - great mixed ceviche but grill was too simple. Great garlic oil tho! Wish I had room for pasta too.
A workspace without wifi is a wonderful thing. I am willing to pay a premium to operate without the net.
I smell burnt marshmallow, dead skunk and oregano. What the what??
i havent gone to bed before 12am this entire week but during spring break last week i couldnt even stay up till 10pm b4 passing out.xD 12:12
...and traded softness RJeff. I hope Spurs will prove you wrong & make you look like an idiot.
Yeah... not happenin. I'm going to have to do some desk squats. :)
Got too many miles, baby that's a repo !
It is not the device it is how the person chooses to uses it # edchat
Thanks for spreading the buzz about
Miss you, lady.
#shoutouttotheguysthat live in san antonio & have the last name mahone, constancio, villanueva, dorsey, stanush, or ball.
#whyamInotinthecicyet As an artist/visual learner, this method of data collectiom thrills me!
you should write lyrics.
My tit hurts okay.
Drive thy business or it will drive thee.
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently. -Henry Ford
Face down. Ass up. That's the way. We like to fuck *whistles* <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
Power to the ppl!!! Lol
thank you for following - our brand new website will be up by December 1. Can't wait for a visit to Morton's!
Perfect example of the problem with group-think: "organized" religion!!
Iphone 4S FINALLY IN MY HANDS!!!!!
Do u & Tyler really have beef or were u guys just kidding around??
The opposite of love is not hate, its indifference. Elie Wiesel
Ok, these mice are just getting brazen. Wandering around in broad daylight?? With people nearby?
The weather is simply amazing! How have you been enjoying it?
The playoffs should be fairly interesting this year. (It won't happen, but the Grizzlies got this.)
Looking forward to seeing the beat the Lakers.
It would be more awkward lol RT : If its awkward now? Imagine later on.
Show me the money! JERRY MAGUIRE 1996
You realy have no idea what you tweet about do you. Just like every other republican. Open mouth lies come out.
true. and probably, I just dont know him. lol:)
That's because food is the best thing ever created & I am hungry! oh mah lawd haha xD
It was great to meet you guys! Hope you enjoy the magazines. Lets play golf sometime.
What are you looking for in a electric car
At home so full now!
Who is registered for her fall classes (I think)? This girl. Nothing says "Welcome back!" like Con Law.
I think it's going to around the same time. 3pm. Someone will be calling you with more details.
Thx for the follow! I'm with you on the "awakened starseed". 1993 was when it all when down for me. Opened my "eyes".
right here <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Rain rain go away. Come again another day!
Oh yes ha
worst capitalizer ever :P miss the blog, again! Did ya guy miss me?? Lol <3 love you!
If he doesn't hurry -__-
I see dead people......
Australian swimmer Ian Thorpe, a five- time Olympic gold medalist, has announced he is returning to competitive swimming and the Oylmpics.
Make it a great one !!
First Friday Rocks presented by the Memphis & Shelby County Music Commission is this Friday, May 4! Free live, great music!
Part of going on a health kick involves nitpicking about the lesser drugs such as sugar, salt, pepper and pickles.
The #starparty has begun! Can't wait for Chef Mario's courses!
If everyone runs and hides when the peaceful ET's publicly land on Earth, tell the ET's too meet and talk with me, OK.
#BREAKINGNEWS: FOX 12 Political Analyst calls the Portland Mayor's race for Charlie Hales and
Tuesday is guest revealing day! Put in your guesses!
Super long night super tired goodnight (: made all the money I needed to (:
Gonna try to start and finish all my Christmas shopping in 2 hours. Procrastination at it best!
k after 2 night everybodii gonna be tweeting about you utube videos cuz im sharing everyone i watch!!
Carlos Tortolero says museums are for everyone. They should be a part of the community
that was the most bias broadcasting towards Louisville Ive ever seen.They said scrappy and fighters more than a Rocky movie
What are you needing them for?
Do not fear mistakes. You will know failure. Continue to reach out.-Ben Franklin
of our white castles we imported from Kentucky and drank all of our beverages!
you are a joke!!!! Ravens are 8-0 at home, and you haven't seen anything till you've seen #ravennation @ a playoff game
Starting today CANDLES is open more hours: Tues-Fri 10-4 and Sat 1-4. Thank you to all our supporters for helping make this happen!
Excited to be featured marketplace and proud sponsor of Superintendent Scholarship...
Almost forgot how it feels getting a badass leg workout
Kron news San Francisco pot laced cookies found at Morgan hill school for 420 day!
Boulder Coffee is a proud sponser of "City Clean Sweep". May 2nd, 9th & 16th. Take part in giving back to our community and lending a hand.
Supposed to be back in business this week, but not in the cards until at least Thursday.
I should probably get started...
WE CONQUER! RT : My favorite! “: ZOMBIE DUST.”
OUR playing is a direct reflection of "we" are,+who "we" have been influenced by.....mostly!
Lmao ": Why is Mary J on that remix with Chris Brown... its like singing a love song with your mother...."
Thanks! I appreciate it (twice) :). I haven't eaten anything sweet yet, but will soon I am sure!
Hearing suburban American parents yell at their kids is hysterical. "You better behave Chad or you won't be going to family fun night!"
How do I get my comics reviewed by you? a UK native is illustrating the lastest issue of The Stormchasers.
ZIOPHARM Presents Promising Preclinical Pediatric Sarcoma Data with Oral and ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Wrapping up design for a consumer study to test ingredient preferences. I feel sciency.
Thanks so much!!! you too! :)
Sure lol ;P
The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter their life by altering their attitude of mind. ~ William James.
Thx on the offer -- but volunteer registration filled up in a week. We do have plenty of cider for you though!
Found a Sympathy card today, unsigned, unsent... crap, someone didn't get the proper condolences that a 2buck card can give... sorry whoever
Your tweets are depressing, please don't make me unfollow
I am doing #track next if I don't home school next year!
Learning & extremely proud at the 4th Annual Engineering Day presentations!
i am so proud of austin! I can't be there, support him always! #mahomies <3
Fuck you blue, i love you <3
is leaving OpTic why?
Outlier criticism aside, NYT story raises important points about lack of info available to prospective college students.
unbelievable! Filter..SMH RT “: I'm so ready to be home. You better have my jump off ready !!”
Ha u r in disney then? Let me know when u see #snowwhite. I have 7 something for her and it rhymes with dwarf.
so glad you weren't really posting bad things about me ;) sorry you were hacked.
yes opening at 3pm....come see me :)
happy mothers day xo
HEY I SAID NO GOOGLE!!! Lol....or are you really this smart? Who's my favorite president?? #somethingucantfindongoogle =)
Hey there, (UNEeducation), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
It's 11:20am, and I'm just setting down to break my fast. I LOVE GETTING WORK DONE.
props to Obama for coming out of the support closet
Are you done with the lousy comments. You're on the wrong team!
<3 thanks it means a lot !(:
The Rock Church
Thank you for all of your great work on behalf of the people of Wisconsin.
we're skyping with right now at east.
Alright I'M LIVE -- this is going to be a nasty one tonight - ZenLive.tv
...Something wicked comes this way...
Haha! We could use a few elves too, send 'em over when their done at your place. http://sassynails.com
I remember last summer I was standing in my ditch by the road and a car almost hit me and the person backed up and yelled at me.
wanna see the avengers..?
To all the mom's in Twitterville and beyond: Happy-Uterus-Evacuation-Day!
We are here at the #Fabulace booth! Come by!
In traffic court. Over 90% of folks here are people of color.
I'm in such a bad mood now. My ear hurts. I'm moody as fuck. I just want to go home and go to sleep. -_-
AGH OMG 1D IS HERE IN TEXAS!!!
thanks for the mention!
OMG!! I can't believe I had forgotten Chilcoot Charlies, great place! Earthquake park was sad, but interesting
Nothing says "I'm not a productive member of society" quite like a grown ass man riding a bike meant for a 10 year old girl.
I think I heard S. use her disertating voice for the first time today
sorry i'm being a bit weird atm probably gonna delete these tweets tomorrow
Got my surgery date. I go under the knife on the 10th of May. 23 days. Yikes!
lmfaooooo yo ass be zooming in on my nose <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
that is so beautiful... I'm so jealous! Are you a master sailor now?
Were account logins & passwords preserved? I can't login to my account on the new site.
Its on ABC Family right now -
Mixed boys named Isaiah Parker >>> bow
I gt ya nigga ya momma nigga and ya future already so....i guess!!!
Fall is in the air.
you bet ... and I'm steering people your way though they think it's for Culture Club music ;-)
call me
Actually i'm an NBA fan and being realistic..it doesn't take an idiot to understand whats going to happen between those teams "D
(in my opinion) a good band is one that moves its audience both vocally and instrumentally. Nickelback=NO
Raspberry #Zima at best.
I just used one of my "T" tags today. They are so pretty! I wanted to save them but I couldn't resist! Thank you again! :)
Did you know that making me famous creates jobs and supports the economy?
you have to love vegas
RT : Advanced review copy for People With Holes just arrived at my door. :) Excited for release date now in JULY! This is...
Oh how I love coming back to Milwaukee from a track meet during rush hour...not. #thankgodigotarootbeerfloat!
love ya little lady!!
hey man, is everything ok?
... digging up the remains of the actual Three Stooges and animating them would be less offensive. And probably more funny.
Hunger Games Film comes out this Friday!!! Woohooo!! Who's going to the movies?? I know I am! Bringing the Asian crowd Friday ^_^
I'm in building in I'm feelin ma self ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
what up hotness...thanks 4 always showing me luv...
So, how was the birthday??!!
Interesting. How do you figure?
F*cked up big time :'(
thanks for ruining the movie. Now I know why it's called Sixteen Candles.
Man, I really need to get an iPhone. I'm very much the un-cool kid :( -Ben
#Mulch Monday! Mulch insulates soil helping to provide a buffer from heat and cold temperatures and retains water keeping the roots moist.
that's the most beautiful thing anyone has ever said to us
We are! Proprietor Justin Abab () is pouring tastes of his favorites from 2-4 pm
#gettinexcited ": Broncos source: Peyton Manning still in Denver. Not at Broncos' headquarters. Elway is at Broncos' headquarters."
thanks, Christie! :-)
After one minicamp, in mix with Matt Flynn, Tarvaris Jackson. RT : Pete Carroll says Russell Wilson will be in competition at QB.
RT : The Beastie Boys changed my life. For real. Prayers going out to the whole family.
thanks luv ya! U need to join Our team add #SCRSCReamTeam to ya bio
has an incredibly active imagination!
When exhibiting at a trade show, make sure your staff has everything they do and may need, like xtra shoes, asprin, sweaters, etc.
Are any Seattle Directioners at the game? Go Huskies!
Michael Bubble performs live @ "Christmas in Rockefeller Center" special on NBC. Airs Wednesday, Nov. 30th at 8PM EST.
We do not share our exact recipes but could answer any general questions that you may have.
Totally can recite #neversaynever from start to finish... watching for the 5th time in 5 days
Panel: Jonathan Band (IP lawyer), Mitch Glazier (RIAA), Catherine Rowland (Copyright Office), Kat Walsh (Bd of Trustees, WikiMedia)
How did the review go?
Thank you, , for the great write up about opening in Chula Vista/Eastlake this week. Swimming lessons begin Monday!
Sometimes I read sweet, cute tweets and wish they were thought of with me in mind.
Craving constant tropical weather. The good kind, not the devistating storms.
Dude, we're okay. We got the
Il n'est pas, you laughing eye, you~~ Laurence Fox doesn't it a *lot.
Save us from what we have become tonight.
he could give me a days worth of money any one of those days.
What do u do about it ? RT : i got the same problem
Oh n one more thing I'm going to start corset training to get a small waist yay so wonderful on so I'm done nite bite n pray b4 beddy
Drum kit samples from "The Heliocentric Worlds of Sun Ra" and Art Ensemble of Chicago "BAP-TIZUM"
Innovelop will be there! Jennifer and Alex are representing!
Why are the females so Vulgar on twitter? They just say all kinds of stuff... Like wow. Have some SELF respect and act like a lady.
god morning well were im at it is morning in the (US) in Florida leaving again Be back in a flash G2G to school HAPPY VALENTINES EVERY 1
hahaha yea my husband.
This is a straight shoot out
Working closing & midday shifts are throwing me off. Not doing a whole lot aside from that.
I'll be back tommorow and the next day cause I'm working
They say things happen in 3's so after dumb ass moves by Rajon Rondo & Amar'e S., who do you have next being an idiot in the playoffs?
idea; cut gummy worms in half, put in bags with BAG OF DICKS sticker on outside. Throw at ppl from stage - EAT A BAG OF DICKS.
haha! I'm giddy over this hilarity
Ready to get tattooed this weekend then its time to stop for a while I got to many
is getting excited about rafting this weekend. It will be Lily's first time (and her friend Isobel's, too).
whoa! Im glad shes doing better
Thanks now I know what metastasized means... I think.
Well said Amare!
Dreamt that I saw ARCADIA (which I'm seeing tonight) but when I got into the room, it was a movie & Paul Newman was in it. /
Tomorrow from 7-7 is Giving Day, where donations $25+ will receive matching funds. We’ll be tweeting more than usual; please bear with us!
Yeah WELL!!
not bad at all
Got to CWRU and found they did not need me to work today. A bit grumbly about but at least I got my day started. Still quite sleepy though.
I beg to differ. So would “: Whenever you correct someone's grammar just remember that nobody likes you.”
Ryan Braun does not suck.
It ain't about the car. It's about the dude that's up in it!
Excited to have added another crocheter to team attagirl. World domination starts.....now.
I want you to love YOU and it will bring love from others. I promise!
Like the first time all over again, but better
OH ANDD this guy said "i like your pants... can i borrow them" innapropriate #redpantsfriday <333
its more the case now because of the rookie salary cap. Changed everything.
Irish writer Kevin Barry followed by pints of Guinness and table across from Graydon Carter at the Waverly Inn
Giroux suspended for game 5 sorry to say but series is now over.
An average" bird feeder yard is visited on a regular basis by 15-20 bird species. (We're probably double that. You?)"
RACISM IS VERY MUCH SO (((ALIVE))) TODAY!!!!
To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act
The first gay president will be one who institutionally levels queers on the same field as hets. U don't have me fooled, Obama.
Lowe's has in-house team of people focused on UX; some of whom may be in attendance this year.
For Tonight! Come celebrate life with #teamtaurus at club 58. Free Parking, beautiful people, Sexy vibes, fashion and style
follow me please and please give a shout out i need folowers just joined twitter
Let's go...BEARDS! Keep the faith!
Great time this morning at #UMN St. Anthony Falls Lab, learning about solution-driven research by &
gotta consider making a change at this point. he's no longer the pitcher i want in late in the game
Congrats to a great restaurant!
That's good. I'm always paranoid abt leaving stuff in hotel rooms. I do like 30 sweeps before I lock the door.
#WhenIgetBored I watch all of videos :)
Birthday present shopping today for my mama.
yes i plan on it
What's Supervisor Bill Horn up to on Monday? He'll be "water witching" up in Twin Oaks Valley. Odd story coming soon.
#TheLastTimeIChecked a lot of u were wasting money on your companies #shirts, call us 877-244-9913 and put that #dinero back in your pocket
HAPPY MLK DAY TO ALL ! ENJOY BE SAFE AND DREAM TO BE ALL YOU WISH !
Ok now that you done hatin explain to me where that got you...
Thanks (: Justin is so amazing its unbelievable.
#favmoviequote I turn my back and found myself out on the line you coulda warn me but that would have been too kind #dream girls
Seahawks make playoffs with 7-9 record. It's like going to the Academy Awards in a tuxedo and brown shoes.
Just saw Amber Rose getting out of the car smoking. Guess that means she's not pregnant. Right????
Nothin' better than a cup of GRIND coffee!
also, if you have my # still, you can text me. DM's are messed up sometimes.
hahaha you've seen the grumpy tweets? Well right now the sun is shining so all is well!
I'm on da plane, daa plane!!!
Who all is coming? Please bring BOTH precious babes!!!! =)
so wht kinda music yeew like ???
Not receiving e-mail or messages on my Blackberry. Verizon customer service says that RIM is having network issues.
ask what o.O ?
What is the best organization advice you've ever gotten?
Dear 1980's, 1990's and 2000's; the Lions will play the Saints on Saturday in the playoffs. I know right!?
TRANSFORMERS! I remember when me & went & I cried wen Bumblebee was bout 2 die then I cried when the wrong person was dying
Life is like a game of cards. The hand that is dealt you represents determinism; the way you play it is free will. - Jarawala Nehru
awe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> missed you too !
Bob Marley said 'Rasta don't work for no CIA' Rasta also has no need for credit scores and bank cards, now networks and retirement accounts
If this moment truly matters to you, you will experience it fully.
When need is attached to love, love steps aside.
Liz: "there's only one chromosome diff between us and monkeys"...Raker: "the only real diff is that we can talk..and fur"
Athletes often "push through" pain, but it can be your friend, too. When was the last time u listened to your body & w/ good reason?
Pain and Gain Set Photo with Dwayne Johnson Cooking a Severed Hand
Contact me if you have a Mid-Century home you are thinking about selling or purchasing. Mid Century s are the glamor of California.
Find me Noah's Bagels. Can you try again later? Siri you @$*&@, #($#. Did I deserve that Erin? No Siri, no you did not.
So we've taken a break from writing for the past two weeks. It was a nice little vacation that was much needed but don't worry we are back!
bhahhahahahah that was me on saturday
PINK INFLATABLE BEER PONG TABLES ON OUR SUPER SALE!!!
Don't do it...RT : Still cutting my locks tomorrow.......so ima be running my last 1.3 miles wit my dreads tonight! Smh
there is a #CincodeMayo party at today
so where yu !?
That awkward moment when people think they're funny, but they're just annoying..
Had a fantastic day! Ft.Pickens is so fascinating! I enjoy learning a/b the history of where I live. Cant wait 2 get started on this paper!
Beechmont in New Rochelle tonight and then it's off to Aruba! Spinning at the Moomba Beach Club on Sunday night in Oranjestad, Aruba!
Sleep is always the better choice, in my opinion. No offense to MSNBC.
Getting a new bike! hope its old fashioned! and a new phone! the optimus!
Gonna make my dad watch the moon with me <U+263A>
It really is sick when people use dying children to get celebrities to retweet them >:(
RT : am i allowed to claim that i'm just playing Levels ironically
he's okay.. not as amazing as , and, please stop putting me randomly in these things. Kthanksbye.
wrapping gifts and enjoying a Geary's IPA on the coast of Maine.
I want to had my DE Star badge as well as some others to my blog. Also I'd like to add my info from www.geocaching.com. Help please.
Get to 200 followers? <U+2665> we follow back, just ask :)
One to many beers. Nodded off and rolled into my own campfire.
Happy birthday !!
Do seem a step above , but then again most dates aren't on TV. Chalk it up to the nerves.
there really isn't a great delivery system for it yet. Delivery is through apps for iphone, and websites have lower dpi.
haha like none since the first season or since the beginning of season 3
WAKE UP LAKERS!!!
Excited for #cubs season to start
sorry to hear that - feel better! show is fab - love the music. If you find yourself in New York any time soon let me know! xx
what time? :)
I don't #facebook so I guess I won't be using
if this diet doesn't work I may have to give a buzz!
Ugh, this fine blonde guy at the cashier is looking at me... /DEAD!
My dog must be a Somali Pirate.. as she likes to 'torture' me waking me up and making me take her out each morning.
#Imagine Austin: I wanna be a superhero! You: M...why not Superman? Ironman? Batman? Austin: Whats about [yourname]'s MAN *smiles*
It's well done. Also the writer was a member of the WRP audience.
Yoo so guys, without checking I accidentally bought the same prom dress as another girl in my school. LMFAO
hey man...he had a pregnant wife...
After HIGH SCHOOL Shit Got Real, Girls Got Pregnant,Niggas Got Locked Up, Some Didnt Graduate, Couples Broke Up,Bestfriends Became Strangers
New floors <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I don't need one, I'm going home tomorrow morning & have all the gear back north : )
Happy Birthday !
What! Tell 'em to get with the program! They HAVE to sell Tampico!
Lost a follower
omg its so hard to get a hold of u. ur not on twitter or ur phone and i dont hav fb.. ga
"Find what you LOVE.. if you haven't found it, keep looking & DON'T SETTLE! Have the courage to follow your heart & intuition - Steve Jobs
Took Holiday weekend off from IPA's & switched to growlers of Duchesse de Bourgogne Flemish sour. Good move. Back to Deviant Dale's Ale. Yum
Just kidding my number is 517 914 6754. Text me and say what's up!
i mustve blown my load of amazement over #Tebow, cuz #Linsanity doesnt quite pique my fantasm! i really think its more about NYC!
so you think
NaLee a vividly rich mermaid fantasy the beginning of a trilogy!!! check it out NaLee2010.com
“: if a bear tweets in the woods, and nobody reads it...” It's because no one cares who he had for lunch...
People show their character in nothing more clearly than by what they think laughable ... Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
awww i sure do
RT : Need some #UglyMusic? No prob. ,VOE & team up to bring you the ugliest night ever!...
Off the Charlotte for the weekend...
i wish austin.
Hi Terry! My Q: How do you keep the pace? Do you exercise regularly? !!!
even your stick-people are revolutionary!
"Mom it's ok to not wear your hat to take us to school. Bald is your style, & it looks good on you." My 5 yr. old.
: ALL seized Full Tilt #Poker funds, incl. payment processors, should be used to reimburse players
I want to do a music video... videographers go ahead and DM me... lets get the show on the road!
My whole Newsfeed & Dashboard is officially spammed with everything 's #boyfriendvideo . No complaints.
Due to popular demand,we are keeping the stock photo deal up for a little longer.Don't miss a 50% discount on stock photos. empiresteals.com
From Vince (9:10pm): line of hvy rain, lightning W-E along Hwy 50, Kenosha Co., lakefront to Twin Lakes, slowly moving E.
u guys have the funniest little brother. "I whip my hair back & forth"! Watch video on fbook!
Good reasons to calculate #ROI BEFORE attending school. Don't invest without analyzing the returns.
Let's go cuse!
Great to meet you Carla! Awesome #golf energy!!
Ya girl sucked me up from ground zero
Why are you so damn attractive and talented!? Ugh. You just need to make an album now so I can listen to it
I'm feeling the Welcome to my Heart -- I just sent some beats your way --
you just want to see
No one likes you. Just leave.
": , Im sorry - I just cant walk away like that - Because unlike you , My feelings were REAL #monaeTweet"
It aint nothing if it aint free -janis joplin
yeah just got a request for an Incomplete AFTER the class is over.
Choice Hotels Promotes Stephanie Lykins to Vice President, Talent Development - MarketWatch (press release)
What someone doesn’t see in you, another person will. What someone doesn’t do for you, another person will.
I ate a sandwhich and drank some water. I feel better now. My throat still hurts really bad.
Don't u luv dat moment when u c ur cell ringing n it's an xbf it's like lets flip a coin heads I answer tails I don't... DANG IT!!! "hello?"
the hell you asking me for?
RT : Attention Scrabblers: a TOON is a large australian/ Indian tree of the mahogany family. (#challengefail)
Did you read _Daemon_ and _Freedom_ by Daniel Suarez?
It was such a wonderful day! So nice to meet everyone!
June 15th The Crocodile Rock w/ Nocturnal Me tickets $10 July 10th The Chane w/Kid Blaze tickets $7
I'm debating on partaking in the #castle scavenger hunt on 3/9
Yeah, isn't it? Glad you liked that one.
“You live longer once you realize that any time spent being unhappy is wasted.” Ruth E. Renkl
fun! We miss you
Hadn't seen these pics. Thanks
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>no problema! That's what friends are for!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Happy Easter!
Because waiting for you is like waiting for rain in this drought. Useless and disappointing. - Cinderella Story <U+2665>
And they definitely need some space to run!
I just wish they'd make a good "team sports teach you about life" doc about a girls/women sports team. It applies to all athletes, you know!
Romney should have gone to central casting for a more enthusiastic group of background actors.
Proud of who you raised up. You know that I will always be here till' the end.
Check out Health Literacy Forward's Spring Newsletter. Is your org #healthliterate? Want to join in our #healthliteracy challenge?
outside chillen wit my pup.. cnt get us to him cuz I gotta give me away...
This happened to the word "content" a few years ago- I'm seeing "crowd sourced" pop up like the media just learned what it means.
4 more months until my birthday! :)
Holy shit, she does look like a carbon copy of Anna Nicole!!!
The Colorado Rockies Home Opener happens in just two days! Who's pumped?
just remembered when we're on stage dancing to that Mexican garbage at prom. #priceless. (;
Should I fuck your life up worse then what is already is? I think everyone needs YEARS away from you..
Survived #crazylegs and had my best run so far this spring!
:) can't wait to hear more about it.
I'm so sick of turning on at 10:30am to a 9 minute electro dance mix. it's not funky, it's annoying. Changing stations.
Thanks to for reminding me that I have class tomorrow. What would I do without my #friends?
Yup- I finally applied ;)
Staying on the phone with him all night <3
Sounds like Bing hired one of the co-founders of Cuil, which was a "cool," but poorly marketed, concept of former Googlites .
I don't listen to party hard nearly enough anymore
Thank you, Lisa!
Were doing great!! we were hoping you could make it to LA this summer
Question All! What do you think of the name Craigery Shamus Linz?
Happy June! Sunny and 80 degrees in Madison today!
I am -.- (Asian happy face)
mine too, i just sync certain playlists at a time though to keep from having to delete anything.
Why did give our plane up for another flight leaving me with a 4-5 delay in #ATL? This is going to be a late night :( --- not happy!
You have to put in many, many, many small efforts that no-one sees or appreciates before you achieve anything worthwhile.
RT : "This book was expertly written; the flow precise and the characters genuine." TY to for COMMITTED review =>...
": BIG Shoutout To My New FRIENDS o" 4sho I follow back)
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
how about No Diggity?
oh okay cool(: & he just did it... wow! I think it costs to Skype with him now, idek how your supposed to do it? ._.
cutting out grains eating carbs from fruits and veggies.
The poorest man is he, who's only wealth is money... <3
Call me crazy.
can we expect a comeback from you this season?
but the "moody" one was? Ok.
Wow - it's like you live here in LA. Yeesh.
- Met with the design team about e-Learning and Rapid Course. Had a great visit...everyone was SO nice! Thanks!
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.15
Mad Men is back!
Excellent. Couldn't agree more! Thanks again for spreading messages of hope to LGBTQ youth
im too cute for ur background ahaha
First day I could have slept in, but all I want to do is sit on my back porch and enjoy some coffee and God's word.
Katharine mcphee you are so gorgeous.
ah the 405...and at this time of day
See you there. Looking forward to seeing Eric Schmidt talk
College students and alcohol really don't mix...especially in Lexington. What a stain on their teams victory.
The real history is that the "government" put too many taxes on stuff colony bought. It was true then and it's true now.
haha, awesome Ryan.. looking forward to it
People picked up one dollar bills on the floor at Supperclub like its Christmas. My question is whether that $3 is worth the self respect.
Hahahaha I think we counted 87 that one trip to PA
I saw a couple of kids having trouble making friends today and I invited them to hang out with us & I'm happy I stole a smile from them <3
rasberry milkshakes are the best! :D <3
Just know..I always keep my word..& I have nothing but time ;)
Goodwill Give to Get drive was a success this past Sat! Thanks for the amazing coverage. Thanks for the RT. & Thx #CLE!
Hey, that's exciting news! (Was offline all morning, forgive me for just getting caught up.) Congratulations!
OMG, uh-may-zing
RT :Entitlement means different things to different people. Its important to differentiate when its positive/negative
This team is not a team that keeps repeating its terrible mistakes. When something is broken, they fix it and come back stronger.
are you sleeping??? we are all here waiting for the clip!!! wake up and join us!!
Any #tpedge members in town now? Let us know. We are hanging tonight.
County Supervisor Ron Roberts says he's waiting to see more numbers before he gets euphoric, but is feeling 'guardedly confident.'
Thanks for the follow!! Happy Thursday =)
Never met you but based on ur profile pic why would u want to look that unattractive??
thanks for the follow Mike!
Submitted crime/drama screenplay to Nicholl Fellowships in Screenwriting. Many thanks to Nicholl,
Hi! I see that your a Jackass fan! That's cool so am I. Who's your favourite?
good morning have a blessed day mwah
Did you have a chance to see the show yet?
Howdy tweeps Letting my good buddy take my account4 a spin.He'll put ML: in front of his tweets.Can U pls give him a hello?
Nah not yet Mon I'll hit you up with a link once I find it
YUP, He's officially the cutest ever.
Thanks for the RT & getting the word out about our job opening.
Got more reps reaching for the hand sanitizer than anything else at the gym.
Tomorrow is the official opening of Revere and our 24 story Vertical Fashion Show! Winners announced today!
I'm like so serious, please come visit me :(
WANT #i'veonlymadebibimbap
Me either <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
psst...getting a 500 error when trying to load yr website.
that's crazy
OMG seriously!! She seriously blew me away! So good, and no gimmicks! P.s. miss you!
Dont know if i shuld be sad or glad to move back to NC
First day as a grandfather and feeling a great sense of accomplishment, though I did absolutely nothing.
#Ignite-#1 objective for CMOs-generate more leads-are leads qualified and nurtured?
Always feel pumped up after listening to Obama. Love that guy and his tough talkin!
Thank you for the RT, Jane. Have a great weekend!
Our pizza is made with REAL cheese not chemical cheese. Eat it and feel good!
have so much left to
There is an element of magic in all supremacy; anything done supremely well seems to be the result of magic. --S.H.Sharpe
Is Happy Gilmore one of your favorite films of all time? That is not a snide slam with a q mark.
Guys, when she's upset, she's standing on a thin line between giving up and seeing how much more she can take. Hug her!
#NP - I Love You by the Eli Young Band <3
OMG justin Lol
": I told blaine not to do that.." Blaine, please don't blame your creepy actions on demons. Thanks.
We need an intern. Any takers? You can work from home and we'll pay you in Twitter followers.
Is your New Year's Resolution to use the library more? Maybe you want to explore some of our special collection or attend a program.
Guys I think I'm gonna give up my dreams. No Singing or Dancing or Modeling quitting all of it and living simple.
I have been bumming out of state.
#superartfight Bacon wins every time.
A crust eaten in peace is better than a banquet partaken in anxiety,
My life is like a terrible sitcom.
Spending the afternoon putting together the Spring S&C workouts 4 the MBB returners, they r gonna LOVE the results! This is MY PASSION!!!
I had no idea the protests were still happening! Where in #SF is this?
The Lady #Gators take on #FresnoState tonight at 6:30pm in a non-confernce match up. I'll be living tweeting from the game.
what just happened?
music to our ears. We're looking forward to seeing you!
Did you see the lineup? It's not just 4 bands!
:( I Hate this.
Making Progress Against Clutter - New York Times (blog)
Aw. Stop it! You made me blush! ;"). You and Nanda are true blessings in my life as well. :D. #ILOVEYOUSOMUCHMORE!!! <3 <3
It's a nice day haha :-)
Go see Jeff Who Lives at Home by the Duplass bros. Engaging. Heart warming. Beautiful. Absolutely loved it! In theaters this Spring.
DEAL! facials & massage... do we get a pedi too? i forget!!
lol. i'm gonna be late 2 school
haha I'm tryna play some competitive shit though.
"@ FCBarcelona_es: Xavi, Piqué and Guardiola will participate in the conference presentation of the game against Manchester U.
My label: "Airhead" What is your label? #StopBullying 8.
I do :] I just can't wait to meet Dolche, Curtis, and any other pets they choose to adopt! I haven't met them yet :[
I can see that. I'm very jelly!
all I've got to say is wow bro ;) haha
Blake Griffin. Great dunker. Average defender. Mediocre shooter. King exaggerator. I'll take K Love all day, everyday.
Wow, Shawna, that's awesome. Way to go, Ms. Celebrity! :)
U never a product of ur environment
yea we gon win
"and i can put it in my mouth!"
#40Days !!! :D Dude I can't even explain how excited I am for this album!! <333
Have you entered to win? Click www.facebook.com/visitAlbuquerque and 'Like'.
But the Brewer injuries should be fine by opening day except for Grienke who may miss 3-4 stats. Nothing that spells doom.
Quality > Quantity.
#ThingsIGetAlot " you're a lot shorter than I thought."
it is not likely that a single university has its own investment function. most likely outsourced or allocated (perhaps to npf)
The door is open for Bubba Watson!!!!
is ready for some Bears FOOTBALL! I imagine just about everyone will be watching this game, right?
When I regenerate from this 9 mile run I just did I'm coming to see you
um no one haha
On a whim, I started reading Peter Drucker's "Adventures of a Bystander." Both charming and fascinating.
yep! I have a secret complicated number that means something awesome is happening. Once again, it was right.
I can't disagree. 90% he will be back with NJD.
I'm all booked up (jen) but I'll pass this on to Charlie!
hypnosis? yeah... fuck that...
Universe contains 3 things that cannot be destroyed; Being, Awareness & LOVE
One of the most difficult things to give away is kindness; it usually comes back to you. -Anonymous
I figured you would try.
I hope you can put up with my B.S. unlike other people. -- Samantha Weaver ()
game day yahoo
Awesome! Please email w/your contact info. We'll contact you in the coming weeks =)
MacBarbie07 i totally love your spring dresses video and im ready to start that high-low hemline trend. Its soo cute! Thx for inspiration (:
OMG WHAT IF ALL OF US HAD A FRECKLE ON OUR LEFT BOOB
just ate dinner
So the avacado egg hair mask went well it made my hair all shiny and helped repair the deadness lol and it made it soft <3 yay
Thanks for the recommendation of 'The Goal'. Finished it and halfway through 'It's Not Luck'.
Thanks Brien!!! God was Glorified! >>": SANG and ! #bobbyjonesgospel"
Happy birth-day to - Brandon Uttley's new shop. I'm sure it will be a huge success.
Tweet " #TripleDslaughterHouse " NOW
yeh, the big guy just said he wanted to focus on baseball right now, but I'm here to pass along any tweets u guys have!!
Downloaded twitterfon for my ipod touch to tweet between ncph sessions. Looking forward to tomorrow :-)
How did they win? Who had the walk off?
One way to stop a runaway horse is to bet on him.
You know the area & fr/ a strictly biz standpoint, don't u think Tebow brings in fans to Jax from a 1/2 a days drive on in?
school tomorrow. le cry :c
My manager called and asked me if I could come into work tonight to clean because I'm good at it, like a woman should be.
Survival is a must
Getting toasted
It was an awesome night. We just left...Sorry to miss you!
Club Avalon..West Hollywood.
Right?! Wonka definitely disappointed me.
and apparently that was a foul on iggy
keep us posted. No power and just heard a loud noise that sounded like a crash or explosion.
ha! Maybe that's a USA-speak thing - meant nicely!
#followme and ill follow you !!!! :)
Watched little kids with Shelby Aubrey and Andrea
Busy day
u wanna come back to #saintlouis?
Case worker: #Kidsofinmates are in communities where "people don’t believe in the system and that they can do better."
there you know just out work:(
CJ!!!!!!!!! GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLLLL bring it home to mama!
I always make a list of things in my head that I need to do when I get home from school and I NEVER do them.
This chick has a yellow Mustang with a license plate that says "PIKACHU" and a cute little picture of pikachu on the car ^-^
sure thing! They are all in a muddle so I'll need to look though them to find the one you want! <3
thank ya little bro. Congrats on the no hitter
um, wow, that is sad. Harry Reid? 4%!!? Assumedly, that's more than one person, too! Arrrrrrgggghhhhh.
YOU FOUND IT?!
Spending some time with my #ukulele after Hunger Games tonight!!
Chilling w/ baby & this good steak he just fix me..
First time in the booth with Girly is a PROBLEM!
Short sleeve or long sleeve? Decisions, decisions.
that guy didn't stand a chance.
a day after coming home from Vegas and I'm ready to book flights to go back next month!!!
I'm on! Wait, on what? o.o
Getting ready to go to work for like 20 hours. ;;
He will realizes that he was wrong and he will be sorry one day ..
hey, whats up?
Yoga is addicting. I think as practitioners, we're are all closet perfectionists.
sounds like a #keeper RT A person I don't know whose favorite sport is "water bed sex" just sent me a fbook friend request
ONE CRITICAL DAY is all you need to turn any 'what if' in your life into what IS. ~ Jim Rohn
It's being called "Bounty-gate" We're talking about the punishment for #New #Orleans coach #Sean #Payton on the
Can you blame them?
Music is what keeps me sane.
Just walk by me like you don't know me
that's awesome. Maybe if media left the non talker alone he would beg to talk!?
hey :D
Three more Atlanta High School team workouts in the books. The focus tonight: Using your footwork to make an easier pass.
The house being built on Schroeder looks good
Maria looks so pretty today<3
Chung shows pie chart of 10 different ways that people discover books one way, also deps on type of bk/reader
It ain't real to me, therefore it doesn't exist! Famoosh <U+E330>. Son of a bi***!
I Should Be Sleeping But ,, I Cant!!! Oovoo?
okay. I was working a bit of a different angle, but I'll get behind that ;)
thanks! Yeah it pretty much sucks lol oh well thank goodness for my DVR ;)
#WhatAWomanNeeds I don't know I'm not a woman I'm a girl
Looking for the next subject for my outdoor living column in Know any stylish people with a great #outdoor space? Hit me up.
any chance that you might post it online?
In due time the grass will be green! Great to see the snow mostly gone now.
No time, no support from the team, can't go to as many games this year due to travel, etc. :-(
nothing like an 8 mile run to clear the head... getting the mileage up
Happy Mother's Day I'm sure I missing people but have a beautiful day ladies!
Romo must put up a solid performance tonight to shut up the people that consider him a choker. Jessica's gone so what's the problem?
#HighMoneyTheMixtape: #Nowplaying- Do It Big Feat. Rocky Duh
If our public school systems had just continued teaching us everything in song, the state of the world would be much more tolerable.
Cat: Meow … Me: Meow? … Cat: Meow meow … Me: Oh my lord. I speak cat.
April is #NationalCarCareMonth, and a great time to get your car road trip ready! Check with the Car Care Council online for April Mainte...
Great ceremony for former Fire great C.J. Brown. Good introduction and personal video tribute.
Thanks, Wally. We really should plan to get together sometime. I think we were both fortunate to have such fathers.
Thanks everyone for the great conversations at #NAMM - new partnerships, more business, & a great 2012 ahead for
NEVER MIND LAST POST!! CLUB KNOXX IT'S STILL GOING DOWN TONIGHT DOORS OPEN AT 9 FREE BEFORE 10 $5 AFTER 3639 COLONIAL AVE DALLAS TX 75215
gonna chill with my boyfriends little brother later :)
Casting immediately a new major cable network show! Do you know anyone in a #bad relationship?
did you vote for Santo out of curiousity?
ha no it just something I was thinking about
HAHA your in good hands me and ari are guna take care of it
Smiled for 10 seconds then realized i'm a browns fan.
RT Just finished Now which manager to lend it to first; Marketing or IT? // As an author I say - buy one for both.
Congratulations to on a successful 2012 Minority Health Conference with a record breaking attendance
Blushing! TYVM! RT RT Isn't just wonderful? An inspiration to say the least! > Most definitely!
LAST CHANCE for student #tickets on Sunday, Feb 26 from 5-6pm in the ICC Galleria!
Thank you, my dear
have to say goodbye to Prince.
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading. ~ Lao Tzu
it's a long season, only 2 gms the baseball season is a marathon not a sprint
aw!! Future journalist? Lol talk show host? She's got the gift of gab :)
DM'd you my email address. Look forward to hearing from you.
Good morning! Time for some Almond Joy Coffee!
I doubt that someone like zendaya and bella
It was pleasure getting to know you this past week. Thankyou for coming to play in The Battle of FloridaAll Star Game.All the best
i love that kinda feedback. I love the fans.
Nails, Eyebrows, Hair, Makeup.. Pageant!.
I just got really really really reallllllllyyyyy hungry!
Nash leads NBA in asts leading to FG at the rim (4.6 per gm) - the 6th straight season he leads in that category. #suns (h/t )
finished my homework class at 130..
Secret Revealed Soon!
Get your HOT loose leaf tea at any ! Also, try our made to order Belgium waffles down at Newbury.
i love the cover Austin did of "On My Mind" <3 -raquel
Also, no idea how to make coffee with it. I've always just used my espresso maker.
u not the only one nigga
You always carry headshots with you to all of your auditions, right? Tell me you do. Right!
There's something wrong with me
I know there is a 1 in 7738373377388349 chance that you will follow me but I you see this please follow me :(
doubly sad frown face
": That sound break sounded like church for a minute. #ImJusSayin!!! #TheGrammys"
hes an ok singer. Awesome dancerr
Traverse City Attractions: Northern Michigan Summer Vacation Ideas: Traverse City Attractions: Just in time for summer, National Geog...
If you wanna fly you gotta give up the shit that weighs you down.
What type of baseball-themed specials would YOU like to see?!
What can we say, we <3
i don't care..
Just gonna cry myself to sleep then.
Awesome ! Just saw the news that will produce another "30 for 30" series. Own the original box set and can't wait for new ones.
Phil Collins voice is perfect. I can workout to it, sleep to it, study to it, procrastinate to it, jam to it, party to it
RT : RT What would you / actually say / if you weren't concerned / about who / might hear you?
#FF Nonprofit love!
": shouldnt the address be south Hoyne instead of west" I know I need to change that thanks
I'm lyin
What the hell happened during our evolution that caused men to lose hair on their head but grow it on their ass?
when are you coming to Vegas... haha
For the love of god give me a cigarette, the elevator is broken and Iive on the 5th floor
I threw my phone at the ground and it Bounced & hit the wall. I think it broke.
what's a 1046?
You gave me a feeling i don't ever wanna forget.
Advice from me: spaces matter. :) Should have been Apologies to Probably not the first time that's happened?
Got pretty good footage of Kirsten Dunst and Garrett Hedlund leaving
not enough room in my tummy- maybe tomorrow? Love me my #
What's the best of the best on the specials menu today?
watch for #youthprivacy tweets (Thurs-Fri) from the likes of
What was 's reaction?
The feeling you get after an amazing workout
#Ibiza Saturday 21+ FREE ALL NIGHT! YOU ALSO RECEIVE FREE CUTLINE (on left of the club) w/ RSVP Text ClimaticNationDMV to 74455
Born to be somebody - Who says - Give me everything tonight - That should be me - All Day -Tonight I'm loving you - Who run the world girl<U+2665>
I know J Hud is more Whitney-ish, but I would have liked to see Dolly out there doing that.
Priceless moment during Web conference: Participant's cat decided to clean himself thoroughly right behind her. Couldn't stop snickering!
#SayNoToDirectionators THEY'RE LIKE DRUGS... STAY AWAY
YAY!!!! Im glad!! Love you more boo!! :)) I really hope we have a class next yr, if we don't i think i might faint!! :/
“: what's up Emily? Hope all is well. Congrats on Blitz! Wishing you all the best. See you soon” thanks Jason!
Fancy new dashboard charts on the way.
OMG it so fun in my house right now er1 is showcasing music... :)
Congrats to and good luck at the frozen four in Tampa. Highlights tonight on KSTP-TV at 10pm and on Sportswrap following.
wft why cant they just say there is meat in the fucking soup?! i just wasted-down to my last penny- all my $ on food i can eat
Appreciate you spreading the word!
beautiful day, packing can be put off another day... headed to the beach
iPhone users... What navigation system do u guys use?
excited about seeing my son's face when he opens his gifts...it's always PRICELESS!
Second time in 2 days that Joe Calve has hailed UK law firm Mishcon de Reya. Goal of firm - get firm ready to sell to a private equity firm
babe where are you?
If you're coming to either #Milwaukee St. Patrick's Day parade today, remember to bring food for !
#80-Jared Allen-DE-Minnesota Vikings
im only calln my sisters n grannies its too many others n im noot fenna sit on the phone fakin enthusiasm
hey jeremy. great sound :) i like it!
Lmao I love it! ": something nasty"
First day at my new job!
okay im down for a LA get away; who's down.?
hey, thanks for the ff!
thanks for the RT via ... Have a great weekend! :)
Thanks Roger!
Theory: since Obama spouted same stupid history about #RutherfordBHayes as Reagan, said stupid stuff is now profound
UN officials MUST need eyeglasses since none (or reported) noticed rockets at their Gaza schoolsYet they all suddenly see IDF
4life i said he need to do that video shit go hard but real S/O Pill4180.4 Life yall check that video out
listening to the stone roses' remastered debut. top 10 debut album ever? could be.
Happy Birthday, Jesus! :)
good one. It took me a few seconds, but I get it now.
it had to be said, lol! I'm actually dreading running in the heat
u gotta have kentucky taking it
I've got one DISH Network Tailgater left! RVers rejoice! Call New Mexico Satellite Man at 350-6428 and buy it.
That would suck
Jason Aldean deserves entertainer of the year. Sorry Taylor
The Hair of the Belly special is sold out! Open til 4pm, then back for late night 11pm-3am
You're welcome, dear. Yes, it's my mom. :-))
Im done with it all. There was nothing to be mad over. I want to go back to being antisocial and never having to talk.
Who wants to ride to the gas station with me I hate pumping my own gas lbvs
I would. Truly. But it'll just get changed back, and the editor may think I just didn't know the rule.
I'm tired but I'm going to #hazelhill for a haystack. That's the ticket.
who is Brii ?
aw thank god haha almost had a massive argument with the mom there! You excited for your birthday yeah? X
bought out Madison Church Supply's charcoal supply
Yes! Lol RT : Dear Lord, I want to thank you for cows and charcoal grills.
that is the truth they will keep your business to themselves of they're your true friend
Scatttta as if I had a clutch on a magnum
dude...then how the hell do you tolerate following me..?
it didn't ruin my life but I could have been doing other things
Simpsonizers/Angels we need to #SoListen #1 on ! RT so we can get it #1!
Omg I swear everything One Direction says is royalty!
Random fact #2 is his inspiration!
Hey u ain't my mom!:p
what movies should I watch to prepare for my trip to paris?
Why do I keep spending my money on games that end up being a massive disappointment?
Our mental and emotional diets determine our energy level. Every thought and feeling, no matter how small, impacts our inner energy.
as thankyou I love yours too! So gorgeous!
my new life goal is to work for a professional sports organization ( , , , ) no vikes though
My daughter just called me from school crying because she miss me I feel bad I told her u see her n two hours. I love my spoil daughter
Get it Marlo!
Thanks for RT!
Sessignon world make Luka relief, and he would be fresher now.
is a magician with that rock mane!!!
I think God just said
Well I think it does! Your favorite color?
do you think the #pens will find some goaltending this series?
1984 as moment when wp's are expensive but making their way down tech chain, also media-metonymic here for portal to alt world
Went on a few dates with a girl named Pam. Didn’t stick.
Cab... Naw we're taking a limo.
let's go spend it somewhere!!!
RT : "it's never too late to begin."
Thrilled to have 100 followers. Thanks for being #100!
An average of four people a year are killed by falling vending machines
Just confirmed two more judges for the Bruin Video Contest - Chelsea Calkins '12 and Cedric Dicker '04!
always and forever :)))
Omg I seriously love the new show Betty whites off their rockers. Funniest thing ever
I hate when people say, "You're too sensitive." Hey, jackass, the truth is you're too DISRESPECTFUL! Word.
Never ask the fucking OBVIOUS if you don't want to get a smart response from me.
How about UK-Ohio State in Louisville & Cincinnati?
Sitting here at the squad
GUYSS! ="( I GOT HACKEDD SO U HAVE TO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT C'MON!!!! PLEASE?!?!??!
praying 4 your grandparents sending all my love
I love The River SDSU peeps!!! God is awesome n wants you to experience His goodness!!! EMPOWERED!!!
but I'm just as excited for the show, as soon as I saw the commercial I was like DUDE!! lmao
Of course :) RT : Follow Back?:)
You flatter, even if mostly untrue ;) Had a blast.
are the Colts looking defense or offense at the top of 3, WR,RB,CB??
Who wants to accompany me on a run in this magnificent weather?
I'm ready for my bday I need to kick it
We will be back ..!
Nerd rap: Math city bitch, math math city bitch, math city bitch, math math city bitch, 10,10,10 and 20 equals 50 bitch.
Goalpost saves are also saves?
Out in dc for the night and where are we going? A buffalo bills bar. It's like I never left home ha
Cooking channel has wonderful events for quick and easy dishes. ******* Emeril
follow back? (:
I will rip your heart out.
We'll be there, rain or shine! And btw, I wish you'd bring back the U.S. Open. Loved that pizza.
WWC is hiring a new Outreach and Membership Coordinator!
real good first cousin. How's everything?
At Evanston Ethnic Arts Festival. Great food and music... And I got some great fair-trade batik clothing!
Singing "Mamas don't let your babies grow up to be cowboys"
can't wait!
Awesome #Northwestern young event for Mardi Gras in Dallas tonight. Go 'Cats!
I can't yell because of my throat today. Probably for the best.
I wish i was his first love <3 cause hes definetly mine!!!!!
That voice sounds firmiliar
Grads: Tho it's vital to find a good employer, it's equally vital to find good coworkers, i.e. ones that date kettle corn vendors.
Veterans: "we are not victims, we are not broken, and were a long way from being over it."
I'm surprised you were able to get Gilmour and Waters into the same bed... :p (sorry guys, couldn't resist an opening like that)
:) hahaha! glad you enjoy...truth really is stranger than fiction...
Fa La La is amazing <3 It's my favorite song! My mom bought herself her own album! She's a Belieber now :D #2DAYS !
hi evan. Just letting you know, though I'm a pats fan, the ravens deserved to win and played much better than the pats.
Is it weird that my curly hair is jealous of #HowardStern's curly hair?
I don't like you anymore. Bo
Haha, that was funny
with desii , on her ipod .
Can't you come up with your own tweets or are you just too stupid.
boo frog tonight at plan b bar PDX
Cause in a crowded room I'd be the only one he sees
the only salvation i find is in words and music.
Psyched. Just changed my seat for return for flt home from #ALC12 to row 22 window from row 30 middle. Only 2 seats open now, both middle.
NO OMG. LUCKY! I WAS GONNA BUT THE MEET AND GREET THINGY BUT I HAD NO ONE TO GO WITH </3
Spent a few hours connecting people this morning. I hope they work out well!
Tomorrow will be my first day off without a show to worry about in a long time
been a ginger my whole life. Red is fire in bed.
Daily morning jam session (':
no your not your just sayin that cause i be bitching at you for it!! please go to school for a better
String quartet done... took longer than I expected but really pleased with how it turned out.
Thanks for the follow have a great Friday!
i know and now his poop will be on the internet lmao
Bar dice.
sadly I don't think so..I'll be there some time in mid December! We really need to work on our collaboration!
$ I Thnk i just invented Twitter Yoga! $$$ And Five and a half hour twitter energy drink!!! Million dollars Mill more. YESS!
Ol' Roy says it was a flop.
For I know the plans I have for u,"declares the LORD,"plans to prosper u & not to harm u, plans to give u hope & a future. - Jeremiah 29:11
Let's go #Hawks!
quote of the night "Why do you think I'm so wet right now?!"
Protect the QB..,protect the QB...
Thanks for the follow!
Watching Border Wars on TV. They use a Flir camera from a plane at night to find fugitives. Now why can't they use this to find a Bigfoot?
Off to Topeka for a weekend of racing. (:
Someone told me my nose was big but I think it was a jealousy thing cause her nose literally goes from one ear to the other.
im about to show yall how hard we go #teamAZB get ready to RT
Off to my next client. Busy afternoon
Why is Maroon 5 so good?
the west baltimore tat says enough!
Congrats from Councilman to & District 2's : tops U.S. charts w $33M box office!
Some people hear voices.. Some see invisible people.. Others have no imagination whatsoever.
do what u feel is right, sweetheart. U will make the best decision! You are far too smart for petty banter.
let's do it.
Getting ready to help out at the fundraiser tonight! Skyzone in Fishers 5-8pm #indy should b a good time!
Does anyone do "history pub" nights in Honolulu? know of any? Do I need start a history night at some bar? Any ideas?
I'm just about there -amber
I hope things get better and if you need to talk I'm here for you anytime
Cut the Chord, Chordless microphone, Umbilical Chord, etc.
Found out the UCLA Career Center has typewriters. You might want to try there first since ours is really for staff.
I know! He too fly!
Racist bumper sticker of the day: "Don't Blame Me, I Voted For The American"
Thank you thank you your far too kind
I am who I am... I like what I like... I love what I love... & I do what I want. Don't ask questions.
why not
Agreed! MT Id like to commend entire room for putting listen business into practice during ESC session...
really how come i dont see it :??
It's a Beach Bash at the CMC! Come party w/ the Captain! $25 package includes OPEN Bar and Food Buffet from 3-7PM!
.that shit had me crying xD
Good thing doesn't count losses until the first home game.
Now Playing... "Licensed to Ill" by the Beastie Boys...on shuffle. Love this album...love them! RIP MCA...Adam Yauch! :(
just blasted Kanyes Hey Mama
About to get the grill going!
Thank you for your gracious thoughts! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Apparently our status updates from the last 4 days have mysteriously disappeared from Facebook overnight. Poof!
No. That is not a typo. The Mets committed 6 errors last night.
Getting on a conference call, knowing that almost all the participants are watching the news right now...
Twitter app won't load anything. Guess this is a sign I should go to bed. Goodnight everyone!! -B<3
- such a fun, smart, creative bunch -cheers to more fun soon!
I know. I laughed... sense the tweet. Anyways, I rather watch teams from the west coast play than the east coast.
Hay how's your green tea
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 16
#Wine Fact: red wines get their color from the the grape skins which are kept with the juice during fermentation.
Ill be there all week
#FF the , my favorite team still in the #AHL playoffs. YOU'RE STILL IN IT, BOYS!
will be on Politics Nation discussing
Wrapped up a Q&A with an #Indy 20-something with a very successful blog. What #Indy bloggers do you follow? Suggestions for future profiles?
Love it when random chinese guys play the violin in the middle of the mall
yes I like Scirsca!
i know exactly Whatcha mean!
Awesome mobile guide for #SCMS12, official thanks from the SCMS IT committee!
Should I reset the door counters in the morning? or at night? um
good night twitter i have to start preparing a surprise birthday party for my grand mother. sometimes she could be annoying. but i love her
Bittersweet evening to bid fond farewel and best wishes to a great arts advocate & administrator - so long but not goodbye
Love it! #bollywood from nowhere on #nbcsmash #risky ...actually ... it worked! :)
true.... I guess I just need to blow a new bubble!
Fantastic dinner. I think got a great shot of the table. Glasses galore!
Amen to that!
RT : CA Senate Comm approves AJR 22, resolution urging Congress to overturn #CitizensUnited. Headed to a full floor vote
The Red Sox just absolutely SUCK!!!! Are you kidding me?!?!?!
Manage Me, I'm A Mess.
Come backstage of #BalminGilead with as we meet , who plays Ernesto.
it's only awkward if you're naked in a hospital gown.... Then you can worry
#themomentwhen you sit in a towel because you are too lazy to get clothes on
Did y'all volunteer or donate to any hunger org/cause this season? Which?
Cubicle nail-clipping! Yuck! RT : Heavy perfume and scented candles never ok ... rude office behavior that drives you nutty?
i guess what they say is right. things will never look up until YOU start to look up.
Q3 via : What's the best technique for getting a dorm buddy to stop snoring?
yep I dig!!
I feel I need to go to Disney before summer ....shocking right
Hey, its Phillip Hawkins from Palms VIP for Playboy|Moon|ghostbar coming to party tonight!Text with how many people coming
Mothers hold their children's hands for a short while, but their hearts forever. ~Author Unknown
people don't ever realize what they had until its gone. She will regret it, she wasn't worth your time in the end.
Recently I'm torn between a cocktail of sherry and sweet vermouth (an Adonis) vs. a negroni with cynar.
Well looks like #mubb has a legit shot at a 2 seed.
hey babee <3 hope you had a good easter!
You love me and I love you, your heart hurts, mine does too
When I googled the images that came up were like those shoes Tim wears with no laces.
Does every city have an Afghani/Pakistani restaurant named Khyber pass? Is it some sort of governmental requirement?
that's a great question! I have a #highered #pinterest board that I add infographics to, it's small but aesthetically appealing.
RT : Who can guess the number of QR codes in the new issue of The Social Media Monthly magazine?
Thx 4 the follow! You are too cool! Kyt :j
John Lackey at The Place with performing and The Angels just landed 30 mins ago and they r all filing in... Whatta Place!!!
Matt Barkley would be clear #3 in this class - much closer to Griffin I and Luck than Weeden...
Had an awesome business lunch today, and discovered a tasty new Chinese food restaurant at the same time :) Rice King in Provo = yummy!
where by?
huh? The #Nuggets are on. The TV in the corner has the #Rockies on. I think the #Padres lead 2-1.
What a great time we had last night!!! Xoxo
can't seem to get the iPad app to open all of a sudden. Opens for a nanosecond then shuts. Even deleted and tried again
Listening to Amazing an hoping will follow or tweet me!<3 She knows she hot but thats all shes got!<3
Sunday brunch at COA!!! Featuring chilaquiles, tequila french toast, huevos rancheros and other delicious Mexican plates!!!!!!
i am rebelling against christmas cookies and baking banana bread instead.
hi! sounds good. let's chat: saskia[@]cinemaspeakeasy[.]com
Fresh baked kale chips, a glass of wine, my man is coming into town and a day off tomorrow, life is GOOD!
Nice. And 30%? Charge your phone, dude!
#MittRomneyFilms : The French Connection
sorry for the late, well like 38434633 day late response but he said no :(
can you plzz get some ppl to follow me ..with your total awesome-ness and all :D thnx in advance !!
Hi Milena thanks for following us :D xoxo
I love so much!
Horray finished my homework in 6th hour so now I can go home and tan;)
Yes sir. I get back saturday. Are you done and back in Portland?
I got 8 of those last month. They're the worst
yeah remember my mom got me tickets for christmas. were going june 11. after my bday =]
Come watch me on stage then!!
Mocha Cookie Crumble Frap from
lalalalalaaaaa... training with my vocal coach.
hell yea haha lil dude fallows me around everywhere
“: Many idiots believe playing defense is vital to mounting a 25 point comeback. The lakers know better"Just gotta make baskets!
is anyone aware of a #chrome #extension that makes addresses clickable to a google maps search?
pulling in
LOVE ironstone!
Today was my first time running with at downtown! It was an amazing experience Idk why I didn't join sooner!
Why do I feel "Deja vu" when I'm star gazing? Oh yeah.......because I'm always stargazing..........
Automobile extended warranties are not worth the added cost. Profit margins for these are as high as 75%.
Idk Why But I Just Realized That We Have To Thank God Or Werent In NYC... On 911
Memphis takin the close game again
School starting tomorrow. UGH
Mike Green
I wish the MVC, CUSA, and MWC would merge and make an epic non football conference. Could rival the the power 5, sorry P12, not the power 6.
Get this iPhone game.. Heads Up w/ Cristiano Ronaldo.
L.O.V.E, Listen Observe Value & Enjoy!
#ThingsILookFor clean socks
i hate when people choose sides .
drinking stop in
<U+2640>Sometimes, giving someone a second chance is like giving them an extra bullet for their gun, because they missed you the first time<U+2640>
It's never too late!
We are getting people asking for the "Carlos Cut" I have to say, you only get that by spending more time in the gym(o:
If all goes well, I'll make my talk radio debut with a brief interview on the Marshall Ramsey show tomorrow at 3:00. Wish me luck!
Bahaha I'm way to old
Do I really hate traveling? Am I so boring?
#WhenAGuy Hugs You From Behind Your Waist <3
I had Giants. Just sad the Ravens didn't win- I am not a huge fan of the Pats!
honestly, I'd wait until the morning or something. It's pretty creepy.
Petition being set up to get #lfd3 to reconsider not staffing station 35...they had an opportunity to be innovative but passed
Today is finally over. Thank god for that. I am beyond burned out and stressed out. I am at a loss.
If you are arriving today or early tomorrow you may want to signup for one of the workshops that run Friday AM. They are always great.
I see BIG MONEY in my near future
awesome! Can't wait to hear how it goes
thanks for clearing that up. never knew what the h that was about.
great quote #FollowBack :))
Clinton, who won't face Congress on #KXL, said she's sending an assistant who "actually knows something about this issue in great depth."
those are always a good combo while blading
Met a guy in owensboro who had heard of ben davis. What a small world. #bdnation yeah I said it haha
RT : If I've gone this long without ever seeing The Little Mermaid, should I just keep not seeing it?
Welcome my New followers Thanks for the follow i just Follow back everyone!!!!1
I'm glad your feeling better from this morning and I admire you and love to meet you
So, yes. I'd say not paying to have me flown out was a major missed opportunity on the part of
MT W/Lucy Friedman & talking 2 about work in
people watching in front of the NYC Library
"we're all just a bunch of Easter people living in a good Friday world"
Rams now have 3 picks in the top 40 this year and two 1st rd picks the next 2 years. And only moved back 4 spots!
u must be at the gym or is this your job.....lol
Thx! RT : At , strongly recommends to journalists & news orgs.
8675309 remember that song?
- "Troubleshooter" at Lafayette Bart! :)
I miss real food
Playing like champ
No, revising sucks.1st drafts are a dream. "Revision is one of the exquisite pleasures of writing." -Bernard Malamud (b. April 26, 1914)
What are you trying to learn from these stroller-pushers?
Thanks, Kelly. Version in Sunday UT has more info; that's one of his pieces, but he did it at request of photographer.
ha! And I've been Fabulous! :) how you been? Imy too!
Thanks for the RT. Hope you enjoy Zumba!
Michael Jackson would have turned 53 today. I'm still sad that he's gone.
Wow...Your guy really blew it in his bizarre and hyperbolic attack on the Judiciary...Better walk that one back quick!
The wheels are turning...
I wish I could show you, When you are lonely or in darkness, The astonishing light of your own being. ~Hafiz
I look forward to the day when social media isn't a panacea or a sign of impending Apocalypse. Potential for good, evil & being ignored.
don't be wishy washy. which would you prefer?
Thanks for the follow Ginger!:)
Thanks for being the board member who re-tweets us the most!
I want to go to the beach.<3
sounds like a great topic. good luck!
Summer #Billboards in #SanDiego are almost #SoldOut If you want one speak now or forever hold your peace :-)
Say somethin' if you're feeling the vibe..<3
at a mugnite fundraiser and cocaine is on
My sister just told me she's preggo like the sauce.... And her baby is a ninja. #lolwut?
Hunger Games was really good
plus I have my work/client accounts that I spend a lot of time with those communities, so I follow 2,000+ on each of them as well
I kno right strong question bruh
shoutout to all the bitches at drakes concert-.- :( *sheads tear*):
Hanging w for his bday. Working on the menu for our #charity #pig n #beer dinner.
I need a drink. Sex on the beach will do!
Knocking things out - looking forward to the #artrageous restaurant crawl on Tues. on See you there!?
my first #gslislibraryschool buddy - thanks for being such a good big sister mentor in this world of libraryamazingness
Gotta be a
Brushing up on the talk for Thursday? Looking forward to it.
Thanks a lot John!
id like to think that lol
We've been blessed with beautiful weather--which is a big help when you're getting roofing estimates.
These folks really tryna guess each others middle name
YES! , now you have to go. The band knows about you.
Thank you to all my mermaid fans for following me... this is awesome thank you thank you!!! : )
A great way to end the weekend? Seeing in concert <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
powder puff girls, unite.
Best Mothers Day card so far "Mom, Thanks for putting up with all of our shit. We adore you." We appreciate honesty in the flower business.
Today's #CovertTU word: THROWAWAY - an agent considered expendable. Don't worry. There are no throwaways at The Safe House.
Hey pal when are you out in Northern California next. We got to link up. Holla at your boy
Won big pot! Up 2 12k
Why?? and btw you're NEVER happy...all your posts are so depressing cheer up buttercup :))
-- it's going to be a cool event. We're excited to be there.
Buy #Screen #Guard for Sony Xperia Arc @$8.95
#TwSIG Positive and negative uses of Twitter in teaching. There will be links to references on the website.
I know, Welcome to Florida
I love this guy He's good friend :))). Follow !!! Hurry
who should I bring my kids to to see the dentist?? David is clamoring, which is bizarre but so like him :)
get set! Ready! Go!
Lol goofy! ": And tomatoes gone tomate."
The 1,000 person i'm following is , great person for the 1k
Yeah but he didn't pick up
thank you. :)
The Blind Side is on and i'm going to be crying my eyes out
what are you wanting to put on the site? I'm a bit confused
haha i do when i want to. thats the whole fun of it
hi lol playing on twitter
#get2philly clap.clap. clap clap clap
In the mood to watch entire Angels in America tonight. Did not bring on trip, though.
I'm just glad I was able to pull through today. #GottaKeepSmilingThroughThePain!:)
Nice to see the Red Sox are letting the Yankees enjoy whacking the shit out of the ball on Fenway's 100th Bday.
epay Extends PIN-on-Receipt Business to Xbox LIVE :: Bank ...
yeah(: are you?
Great im locked out of my house and my phone died and Im freezing please make this better by tweeting me?:'(
Parents at Bed-Stuy's ABCD school are already lining up to protest the school's potential closing. DOE set to arrive for a meeting soon.
#WordPress #Tools Akismet – Anti-spam plugin from the creators of WordPress that uses a central database of spam comments to identify spam.
you bet! I look forward to discussing it as I'm nearly finished :)
turn it up.
Girl you are crazy c: I hate those pictures of me & my brother btw -_- lol.
Have you seen the trailer?! It's amazing.
Some are on Twitter (probably most) but they use it for "I had X for lunch" or 2 follow Kim Kardashian mostly
Big shout out to for generously donating yummies for Healthy Kids Day on April 28. Here's to healthy partnerships!
Oh yeah, I'm officially tweeting now!
We Gone Have A Ball! Aye Know Imma Be In The World,
Next Saturday Frank Robinson game?
u wanna go to the set with & i ?
Shop Diamonds & Pearls Couture (Buckhead)
Someone needs to seriously look into opening a store in NYC! So many of us are transplants and miss our Chick-fil-a!
Dodgers fall to the Rockies today in the bottom of the 9th. Final score: 8-5.
That's cool Me and had an awesome lunch....
and by killing I mean in a good way
CONGRAT'S to you and the ST crew Liz!
I see you my dude. Trust
congrats and good luck!
oh I have my ticket as of TODAY and will be in NYC 23rd--25th
So John Hammond can go to Portland for twice the money. I wish I didn't feel this franchise was constantly sinking
The final of the Rose of Tralee is on! Super!
Thanks man!!
#Lakeshow!!! Good job purple and gold!!! LA ALL DAY!! (:
the history nerd in me is so happy you're on Twitter!
if you're following me... please follow it will mean a lot...thank you for your time
trust me when I say I need a new twitter name
Will U follow?????
I love the taste of orange juice right after i brush my teeth...
Not content with being an expert merely on things you can and cannot touch, MC Hammer has launched an Internet search engine...
Technology seems to be getting more easier and complicated at the same time!
UD can revise the...multimodal concept of design by explicitly including attention to accessibility and dis/ability--Shannon Walters
#NowPlaying C.R.E.A.M -
2) Never be examined or authorized with other patients in a group setting. Your consultation and exam should be private and alone.
np thank u :) hope u r doing well as well!
Will Ferrell is on Jimmy Fallon
when you go an outdoor school and it's raining outside -___- <
Alright I'll let you know boo
Haha! what's a bedroom bully?
I'm good!!
Can You Explain Why You And Devin Are In Payton Rae's 'Dare To Live' Music Video, Please!? (:
.: "what kind of cheese are you eating?" me: "burrito cheese."
that is what I told Nick, but he insisted on getting pink eye!
When will your app cover San Francisco?
haha the makeup tweet makes me laugh. You know I love makeup so much!!
not yet, I will tonight! I have to now, you made the effort to tweet it
Nice! Thx for the repeat! RT : Just saw First Date at (w/ ) again. SO GOOD.
I guess it's a sign I'm getting old that I even care :-)
This Coyotes Stars game has been out of control. Great goals, saves, hits. It's that time of year. Can't wait for the
I hate you!!! Next time, I'm going to food poison you.
Thanks XP...I really Appreciate the Follow.
Thank you for the awesome piece on #DomesticDisobedience in ! See u there 3/15 from 5-9pm.
is stubhub legit?
30 min left glad don't nobody Gotta release man
Its so cold in my house :c time to cuddle up in my bed with some music and keep myself warm.
Damn Skippy ! :) RT : Nobody puts Anjanette in the corner!
Whereas, Philip Glass's Music in 5ths highlights the tedium and monotony of cleaning. Next track please, Spotify.
I am having trouble sending DMs from the web, but I would like to welcome and thank my new followers. I look forward to hearing from you.
My messages here are my complaint. File accordingly.
Running tip: Do not bounce. Don't let your foot get ahead of your knee. Run from the hips down with the upper body straight w/ balance.
Call my husband after work...No answer...He sends me a text 5 minutes later...Sorry, I was talking to Shakira!
Whn you need a cab/car service, we have you covered Seattle! Cars near you right now! Low waits, low rates. (206)722-7696 24/7
you to
Bout to hop on this homework, then back to the track...
Hi - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! I love Russian River and many Sonoma wines!
it was great hanging out last night at #FOSS4GNA dim sum! Might take you up on offer to check out the office next time in Philly.
Even toenails can be broken hearted.
What we don't see won't hurt us! You get a pass regardless!
Thanks, Twitter spammer, but I've already taken the chance to become my own boss. (And cue more spam.)
remember, I act pretty good. All your words. You put them in my mouth.
She's a crafty one- Honorary Breast Cancer Survivor (founder of ) is on with this morning!
Seriously, what the fuck is up with people writing though @ the end of sentences? That shit makes you look even more illiterate.
All the rachet mfs in Englewood out today! This heat, I tell you.
19th Annual Pool Toss!
Your girl might just be a #tech genius! Finally figured out how to get this #android back on and working again!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
It's a beautiful night out tonight
Just found out I have more cuts on my hands than I thought. Thanks paint thinner!
Welcome new followers!
u know u wanna play wit me dats yo problem #twitter after dark
proud of you :-)
Go Giants!!! RT : just got the grill fired up #letsgogiants !!!
Did you know- Today is Baretta Day, marking debut of the CBS-TV series on this date in 1975. It starred Robert Blake & Fred, the cockatoo
No worries will update you on convo
Join the Queen Esther Speaks FB page. We Tweet on twitter. We go deeper on FB. Don't be left out of the BUDULU Movement
Thank you so much for your kind support. I hope you will join us that weekend.
hmm we are at 281 followers...we have to start brainstorming what we could do to celebrate hitting 300 :P
Thankx so much will definitely check that out... who would I need to get with about more service after that?
SO in love.
I hate that instant isn't available on the ps3!
Sunday mornin' in a movie theater
ill do it
great seeing you last night. Had an awesome time.
Could go look for a theater's that playing Avengers, but it can wait. Going back to the beach for a sunset walk.
I say go for it. Cuddling is always nice
Very cool night honoring 65 years of "Cops Helping Kids." Keep up the great work,
It is such a beautiful day but I will never get my brother out of the house.
its ok. At least we will be accepted
nope....Friday and next Thursday!
It takes a lot of time & a lot of damage for a person to figure out how big & how durable of a wall they have to put up.
Just got a fresh cut yesterday! Feeling sharp!
Thanks! Nice to hear from you!
I want a time machine.
« As my great uncle, Lucius Puryear, would say "I'm full as a fool."» lol... well I'm glad you enjoyed yourself...
Going rolling blading this weekend with
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA that's so funny.
I'm doing okay, but need to run edits on my story.
what about "cam" artay?<U+2754> and can I have <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0> tomorrow? Yeah, okay thanks<U+263A>
": I think that's the right call. It was not an excessive "swing" of the elbow." Agreed. Call is getting out if hand
I NEED MY D!CK STROKED
I've discovered that my new favorite snack (when available) is dinner rolls with a small amt of yellow mustard in them. WOW are they good.
Want some input on your ePortfolio? Send us a link to your Pathbrite ePortfolio and we'll recommend some ways to stand out from the crowd!
I will give my best today to my coaching clients & the entire staff at the City Club of Buckhead in their communication training later today
Still early. What does that mean? Prentiss is leaving the show!
looking for a job? Check out
Keynote spellcheck keeps changing "editability" to "edibility." I almost didn't catch it. Maybe more entrtaining with it...
you guys are equal (: haha
Again: open resources in teaching are linked to open access in publishing and other scholarship (textbooks, data, etc.)
slight work light work
So thrilled to see your column today! Thanks for giving and me a shout-out.
Have an event or holiday party approaching? Need a caterer? LiLLiES #dc is also a full service offsite #caterer Contact us today!
Dinner, watched the Shore and now time to chill I'm tired af
BIG NEWS to be revealed on MONDAY!! "Go into the world. Go everywhere & announce the Message of God's good news to one & all." Mark16:15 MSG
Harry Potter: the most interesting thing about the studio tour?: The magic of the Harry Potter Studio Tour is as..
Woah! Christmas just exploded near Andi!
#andypoll: "I didn't know they still had libraries with like the internet and everything."
Len Kasper: "That ball ate Tyler Green alive." Scorekeeper rules it a base hit for Soriano. Consecutive walk-off wins for the CUBS>Stl.
Seeing the Mo Williams missed transition pull up 3 is like seeing an old friend again.
On my way to Israel and Palestine for three weeks. Im very open for suggestions. Be in tel aviv, jerusalem, west bank..
happy Hump day! Have a pleasant & productive day!
that was so sick
CINCO DE MAYO!
There is a loftier ambition than merely to stand high in the world. It is to stoop down and lift mankind a little higher- Henry Van Dyke
Happy to have Stone Mart of 2249 Westbrooke Dr. Columbus, OH (614) 527-0257 as a new distributor of Supreme Surface® Cleaners.
Yes, I do! fine, gosh, I will!<3 happy?
Lime green life explodes from dormant tendrils; sweet rain refreshes parched land; fragrant blossom promises abundant fertility - spring.
I will definitely be you gay best friend!!
so jealous!!
Don't buy the shittiest, buy the cheapest :)
Baby that's love and there ain't no stoppin' it.
I know! But all my girls have dates...
That awful moment when your shower turns cold right in the middle of shampooing
wow thats a really nice valentine's day present!
Seems like the second half is twice as long as the first!
I'm in French immersion! (:
waiting on that cute good night text since I ran out of wine -.-
#BMW...BRING.MY.WALLET...lmao!!!
sometimes, send me what you have.
Just read your beautiful Chronicle piece. SO excited and humbled that I will get to be a part of next year.
agreed position in the lineup doesn't matter much. I coul of phrased the question better..who would be in your lineup?
yeah i've still got tweet limit on the other account
fending off the hungry masses to hold your spot. You close?
He looks a lot like the Priceline guy.
Saturday I'm getting my piercing I'm scared, when I got my nose pierced it hurted for 2weeks str8 I hope this one don't.
If you have music to share, mention us!
Although I love irony, I hate ironic situations
well I don't know what things are secrets and what things aren't!
Like the new look, keep up the great work!
hair is just about , DONE ! finally <3
Calculus is driving us all insane.
busy busy planning Homecoming 2011! Will you be there? October 21-23!
A Lady Should Be Two Things; Classy && Fabulous
": i love you too guys!" I love you more
Now registering for Aerial Basics (all ages) and Pole Fitness (16+) classes for September. Email or call for info!!!
we were there outside at 7 pm
lmao, honestly I don't even care anymore. Rangers just have to get better starting pitching.
I heart Adele!
61,862,052 passengers passed through our airport last year, up 4.7% from 2010...up, up and away :)
Are you on Facebook? (forget that it's down…) check out the many Peabody pages & join! especially our friends over at !
Another shocker was that #Kentucky lost to #Vanderbilt, now I never saw that coming. I guess that's why they call it #MarchMadness!
well why not? ;) ha, gotta love twitter.
I'm pissed fire the coachin yall got beat by a limping quaterback who refused to leave because he knew he could still beat u
Just read the Chronicle piece..any plans to add any Austin dates in the near future? Would love to see you live. .
Some ppl just don't seem 2 get it! When I say stuff its out of LOVE not b/c I don't like who u with. But u gotta open ya eyes!
hope it rains this week (:
100% correct “: If Ubaldo is as bad tomorrow as he was in his last start,ugotta make up an injury&shelve the guy for 15 days
RT : Kobe had no #prenup ??? Wow! Ouch! <<Ouch is right!!
Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success. - Henry Ford
30% of web traffic coming from
its quitting time!!!!
- I'm following...DM me or email me
us too!!! Let's all get together
I Told You How You Hurt Me Baby , But You Dont Care. Now Im Crying & Deserted Baby , But You Dont Care
#1personontwitteriwanttomeet my babe ;) <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Oh... Tonight shall be entertaining <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Look and you will find it - what is unsought will go undetected. -Sophocles
Dont have numbers in front of me, but I think Minny still has more conference titles, NCAA appearances. Either way, its close
Scientists disagree with each other. Writers do too. Guess what? It's great, and it's allowed! Knowledge gets created.
Twitter is dead
We just finished a gig at the East River Park Bandshell in NYC. Nothing beats playing outside in New York overlooking the River.
:-) Still seems wrong...
Me plus public holidays plus public drinking equals a bad idea.
RT : She bears you nine months. She bears with you the rest of her life.
but if you allow someone to use your property without enforcing your rights to it, don't you lose your rights? cc:
Thank you and sure you can.
He could've of used another year to boost his image and marketability. Re: Austin Rivers going pro
your song Herion Bomb is freakin Hot!!!
Wow Michigan deserved that win
Did you know that our salsa bar has over 10 types of amazing, fresh salsas? How hot can YOU handle?
Surgery really makes you exhausted! :(
This week's tasting is find the Organic wine! We are testing your raw skills. $2 off for all who can find the 1 Organic wine. Good luck!
Thank you so much Miriam! I'm about to add ther! :)
Bitch give me a position I have to learn like 5 positions
was the chat room that bad? Smh
My mother-in-law introduced me to a great New England tradition yesterday: the Jubilee Roll, a Christmas-y ice cream log cake. Nom.
darn, if i wasn't heading downtown i'd go across the street to say hi
s/o to hamilton seniors had lil swagg last nite CLASS
really? What sorts of interviews?
Come on down to #ZOOAMP would love to have you!
I'm hoping she can help, too...
Big Google Is Watching You
Run is done. Awesome bean soup for lunch. Fat Tire in the fridge. It's Game Day.
i'm coming up to show you wrong!
You are correct.My bad MT : Anytime you say something for all "patients" it's already off target-
driving a brutal pace on the front. Grrr. Go Jens!
I've eaten two breakfast sandwiches today. Neither was for breakfast.
To take a break, think like a kid - Towerlight
Oh and I also called him do he was worried, insurance makes you not yell at each other haha but still.......>.<
It's almost time to EXPERIENCE the Fazzino RIDE!
Why would you even say that?
U have a beautiful day as well, U dancing queen. Lol Xo :)
Like who told your MF ass that coming out of the house with geek glasses and mixed matched sox was cute FUCKING NOBODY BITCH
Checking in at the Jazz Loft at These cats are serious about jazz! Real experimental for the first set.
Ah, my team is the Ravens, love Michael Oher, he's an inspiration but yeah, I'll be rooting for Giants tonight.
Haven't talked to #OOMF in a minute
haha Ik we did! Emily you swim there tomorrow!!!! Are you going to morning?
Dont you love perks:-)
Thanks ma'am!! I've been keeping up with you through Sharon. Think of you often!!
DM ya email bro
Maybe its time to do some shopping
Am I the only one who has the urge to go to The Avengers and shout "WHERE THE HELL IS EMMA PEEL?"
practice at 8am is really throwing of my sleep schedule for this break...
Without quality time, your relationship will not survive.
So, Donna. "How u Doin?" Haha. Jus playin. I hope you had a nice weekend.
lol ": "Ugly :)", big head, and punk are flirting words"
has been announced a Vezina finalist. Of this I never had ANY doubt!
Thanks for coming in today Mr Mayor!
Yeah!! Just got booked for a runway gig this month!
- turned out it was an out of date version of chrome that was freaking out. upgraded and it worked fine. thanks!
Can I call you Patrick? Only if you'll be my sponge bob. Do they have butt sex? Yupp. I'm in
*Caldwell RT : So if Caldwall doesn't open the door I'm going to second lunch!
I just have the best friends they care about me so much... If only this was true
So what have you guys been up to today?
Jeff you will live on forever in our memories
oh what an ucky story. Don't know that dog. Just awful all the way around.
TOLD YA BRO HA
#girlbyenotwiththem matted ass clip-on pony tails on the dresser
Injured and sick; this is the game that says a lot about a team. Bulls vs.Jazz Bulls
Summertime and the living is easy.
Thanks! Hope so.
Fuck UPS! My package should've been here by now.
we're bout to get buck wild w/ and make a new album in 2012 (& also, I don't actually know what "buck wild" means)
S/O to Panama City's Finest!
Fleet Week is setting off car alarms in the Lower Haight.
Me an orderding pizza at 12:40 in the morning #WhereThey Do That At
Why you say that Stranger? RT YEARS ON FUN HAS OFFICIALLY COME TO AN END
If I was I dinosaur i'd be a licalotapus!
About To Put On The Headphones, Music Is Deff My Life . ;)
Hush puppies <3 ugh
you could always go lesbian becuase that is me ina nut shell
No one says you have to stay on for hours and hours on end....
START YOUR MORNING WITH,CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO,ON YA LAPTOP,ARE ON YA ANDROID @ TUNE IN RADIO ,WE CRUNK LETS GO
I mean I laughed :)
Lets get us some more followers(: shoout outs.!
miss you two more <3
I have that Fun-we are young joint stuck in my head for the past 2 days.
uno momento por favor...processing video. Stay tuned and stay hard!
I use ellipses quite often but they don't really mean much...most of the time...
it is not distraction, it is called ... creativity
Hope you know I'd do anything for you,
what I miss??
Yes it Do in my Book.Where is your Jersey?
I think jersey shore should be called jerseys whores
Just saw sing 'How To Save A Life' on YouTube :) Outstanding babe :D
I have totally done that like all the time LOL so I can understand!
I love them all! I'll have to have the ham and cheese again soon.
Sorry for the slow response. Been away for a bit. Is your client looking to buy or rent in Belltown (Seattle)?
Pickle the beast
Thank Chrissie, the shoot was wonderful!
Yesterday On The To The Doctors My Ma Said To This Lady "If You Honk Yo' Horn At Me One Mo' Gin Imma Do Some Damage" She Thinks She's A Thug
listening to that new gucci mane mixtape
this is going to be a great day !!!!
Go #Dodgers!!! :DD
I'm in SF this weekend! Then back to Seattle. Happy
you've got some great lists sir!
that WSHH debut is killin em! You the logo for mixed right genes
Direct engagement new news value #mad social
Madison County or bust! then zoo tonight!
Starbucks with :)
Very fast response, you. Thanks.
OMG me to. In desperate need of retail therapy but im a broke mothafucka
I just finished a 10.0 mi run with a time of 1:37:18 with Nike+ GPS.
LOL I just died it does
Yes. It will also be accompanied by the signing of a Red Cross CPR dummy as his replacement. Legless but better.
Your honesty just broke the Internet. RT I love Los Angeles! And the people!
it's a game
The greatest aspiration we have for our coffee is for you to connect with someone over a cup of it. Enjoy your day, and those you hold near.
A totally mixed bag for #FF - foodies and museum folk:
you talk that talk but if you cant prove me wrong... you ain't bout shit!!!! THE END!!
Good morning to you.
dude thats so awkward. :P
RT BREAKING: Amazon to close 50 of their "Best Buy" electronics showrooms.
I am so money now!
we'll see what happens. I'm more afraid for my D cuz of
"Give it to me!" she said, "I'm so fucking wet, give it to me right now!" Fuck you, it's my umbrella! -.-
-facepalm- Fan-tastic. Florida finds a new way to embarrass itself everyday. I blame all the transplants from other states lol.
he tripping
HOPE U START FILLING BETTER JADEN GET WELL
not that rebel again
Thanks for sharing, always looking for good blogs and insprations, your store looks great btw!
yes! The question is are you groomed for it?
like wise RT: Just had the most meaningful conversation with ! <U+E056>
I don't owe you anything.
lmao that's some fat stuff lol
sunday morning sinatra is back on next door. it's summer!
It doesn't speak highly of the quality of the tacos if you have to change your pants after eating them.
Have some "fresh" and delish veggie lasagna MREs with your names on them...
oh haha my bad I swear this girl that looks exactly like you and trains bjj now at cobra Kai when I rolled there for a little and
So I thought I didn't want to go to lolla BUT I'm looking at the list again and I WANT to go!!
Anywhoo.. Bed time here in Oklahoma. I had 3 great readings this weekend. Love doing what I do.
And I'll stop calling every weekend as Kermit the Frog :P
My 7 yr old son jus sed" i have the gun that goes ddddddttttt, lets go, yea i know my guns really well" lmao
Starving right now
She is what the boys call a slut, which is a terrible thing to say about a person that just died.
My Life Should Be Over any second now
huh ! ...and i didnt get an invitation... !! rt Jack Daniels on a Sunday night it'd be rude not to
Why don't free tv music shows play Taylor Swift music videos?? It really bothers me!!
camera guy was trying not to spill his beer “: Camera work pretty shoddy so far, no?”
I used to be a fucking midget like
you still have all those drawings I gave you?
Varus is fun! :D
Thanks to everyone who participated in our 2009 International Conference in Indiana - it was a huge success! Join us next year in Va Beach!
Mobile phones account for 15-20% of email opens. Readers less likely to click through, take action, or donate.
wha? RT : “: #cbs13 exclusive maloofs hire ex-FBI agent to investigate Sacramento business leaders.”
DOES ANYONE WANTS TO ASK ME ANY QUESTIONS? NO, OKAY FINE. I SEE HOW IT IS...~ASHLEY
i LOVE naps. they are one of the greatest things ever created.
party at the moment .. Traffic was horrible!!
RT About To Go Back To The Hotel... Finish My Panda Express & Go To Sleep!!! #ExhaustedTweet panda express whoo whoo!!!
rockin out to nickelback in the car with for #assistantopinionretreat #round 2
I found the cutest little pink polka-dotted (poka-dotted? Pika-dotted? Pikachu?) armchair. Now my apt has furniture other than my bed!
Yes, there is an oral fairy-tale tradition in the United States. No, it is neither obscure nor unpopular. FTs do cross water.
listening to #DanceUntilTomorrow OMG Kills me with his voice!!! In this song woah u just blew my mind again!! <3
not weird proper I think since young ones also listen to your show
All power moves this year lets get it
Thank you for following me
Today ends in "y" which means I can ask again how I'm gonna liberate my content from and export to other services as promised.
but it will probably be cause I'll miss everyone.
On outdoor couch w/bubbly at on #SoBe party. coworkers having fun at #canoeproject party
I need to be more cautious while cleaning the stove and touching the metal sink. Fuck being electrocuted <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Great. Text me when you get to next Monday. I'll inquire about another time for M!
#iwish would start tweeting again, because.. #hemakesmesmile <U+2665>
Why is everyone sleeping .__. I needa get to live with me :3
Subway then school.
Today's French elections will result in a general runoff between Sarkozy and Hollande next month...
The Cheesecake Factory has a menu that's 21 pages long. So why can't I find anything to order?
Talk about a great Hanukkah gift for NFL - Lions (10-5) clinch their 1st playoff berth since 1999 with win vs. Chargers
RT I swear this girl mama on 16 and Pregnant ignorant
I'm your model <3(;
Hiraldo Rivera is officially voted off the island and sent packing with a hoodie.
I don't like #AngelsAndGentlemen. I LOVE IT!
Want to talk to ya about golfing in Bo Jackson's Celeb charity golf tourn in Chicago. My email is .
And so it starts
eeew! Dipping dots are the freezer burned ice cream rejects (of the future).
Only 2nd or 3rd? I say it would be THE best. RT : You know what'd be the 2nd or 3rd best morning show ever? Reruns of Yo! MTV Raps.
Welcome back Captain Jack!
hah I know man
Wear a watch and you'll always know what time it is. Wear two watches and you'll never be sure.
Tht Brisk Fruit Punch is da truth!!!.
VELVET PAVILIONS, South Asian fiction, who's lived in SA, everyone lives everywhere. south asian baggage just clings no matter where you go.
I tryn hoste one of your mixtapes. Get at me Lo
O: loser? hahah
your best tweet ever
Fantasy Baseball Draft...
war using wet tortillas to wash car windows for money
Ok, kids: the AllisonCatalogs account has been eaten alive. This is the new home of Miss Allison's Little Whims.
#Taurus bishhhh our season
Randy: What if we had an R&D division for the curriculum?
Thanks for the retweet!
We're on north side of 24th street on west campus, between Pearl and San Gabriel... come on by, hot or iced and ready to serve!
I love you @ dylanobrien
Obsessed with of the perfect boyfriend blazer. I like the idea of a white boyfriend blazer, white tank underneath & dark denim. Need!!!
Just ran into the dudes from Super cool guys with a great product. They are much Greater Than all other sports bevs. Ask
x is worth "merely" 8 points but its potential is so much higher. hard not to chain multiple words off of it.
Seattle took part in the challenge, so why not make a stop here for the tour? :) x
Getting ready for a cook off? Rush Custom Printed Aprons at NYC Printing 123. Fast and easy printed Aprons to fit your culinary event....
If yr Saturday plans are in Soho stop by 385 Broadway and say hello!
he screaming commercial makes me change the channel.
Come visit us sometime Gen!
I understand, no worries. Shoot me txt in a few weeks to catch up for a HH
I wonder when swtor is gonna add new planets for level 50 characters. Need more content for level 50's too
thanks for the follow. Hope you are having a great Monday.
Really enjoying tha movies on amc today
totally don't mean to be rude but Pope's Xmas sermon TOTALLY sounds scarily like Hitler on quaaludes. Err.. Don't ask how I know.
#AprilInTheD makes me happy... :)
Extra innings on the way as Blinn and Galveston are tied at 1
dude thats awesome!!!
"The days you work are the best days." ~Georgia O’Keefe...Do you love your work?
coffee meeting with the fantastic Michael Roderick at 12, 6 PM & 9 PM meetings - sheesh! Late night o' meetings!
So, Kim Murphy ( ) doesn't believe I can still do a back bend. I will work on getting proof. Use it or lose it, right?!
Please let me know what you think of the Spotlight show, Erin! And what are you in/working on now?
If there were ever an idol finalist from Manhattan and they did the whole Homecoming parade, no one would go and the city would be annoyed.
in the studio working on new tunes
why on earth is blasting the A/C full blast? It's cold outside; I am dying here. This is not helping me not feel under the weather.
I want to sing just like When I grow up haha.... gosh is he amazing!
Was wondering... When was the last time you really participated in democracy?
At jamba juice .....getting a strawberry. Energizer ... missing my kids trying to entertain myself until tomorrow ...
it is~~ with her being violent I'm the only one she's nice to ;~;
Happy Mother's Day 2 All The Lovely Mother's out in the World. Hope you have a wonderful day.
sounds like a plan
Let us know if you need co-writers, Ball is in your court!
I miss Andrew so much <U+E411>
Area Humor Publication is World&#39;s Greatest | The Alcalde
#rememberwhen u would try to stay up all night for xmas
:'c seeing elder miltary veterans makes me cry.
Hoodie over jacket over thermal.
okay baby <3
ap gov exam today
I expected to have more followers.
House of the Rising Sun.
I second this! #realtalk RT : Hey, Apple? "Paste and Match Style" should be the default. I never don't want that.
Question: what about situations where a small group has power over a larger group?
I'll never have my phone out in class ever again..
exactly. We're so lucky to have them in town. They rock.
just keep spreading the word about us and we will come to you!
I wanna give someone something special for Valintines day :)
you're absolutely right. BUT we only get our t-shirts from our wholesale parent company and they don't have the license for it.
Felt so good playing lax
MINIMUM X MAXIMUM
brb buying grease proof USPS boxes
I sit on other people's cars
Smile, don't cry
Try Grumpy Goat by or Burning Melange by Cheese or Grand Cru Gruyere Surchoix by
Happy semi-nude archery day, everyone! Time to play my favorite game: how much chocolate can I chomp today?
I must confess, I still can't do word problems or make class presentations. And I graduated already lol.
So what are you doing with the rest of your Saturday? You should stop by 6320 Winchester Rd #Memphis for a makeover
Please tell me there's a PR opportunity for this client -- or some crazy experiential marketing. I have DINO-SIZED IDEAS.
i been ok...it's been long
when you say something that is bad, #YouNeedToShutUp!
RT : Don Cherry on Torres: "He's almost a poster boy of how not to play the game."
Exciting! Congratulations!
is looking for Twitter friend recommendations.... anyone in marketing? denver? business grad school?
thank you for getting the word out about Speak Up for Future Teachers! We greatly appreciate the support!
Did you get a goodie bag or hang out in our VIP?
no i didnt an nope
I feel like cooking now. Thanks
ask them tool!!!
Your CSS 3D project is fantastic. Great work!
Let's run away <U+2661> , just me and you , I'll be by your side when the day's done and through .
Something funny I posted a video with a song woophas, and I dedicated to Twitters I did not know what it meant, Thought it was like candy...
I'm sure it's killing Rich Waltz that he has to call this game down the middle and has to get excited for the Mets.
Why spend your day fighting traffic to UVA. Come to Scottsville! Find us at 125 Fleet Street with truly local produce and master crafts.
do it big tonight! congrats on the awesome job :) huge things are happening this year already
ESPN = CYA. Got Basketball "report" WRONG.
Doesn't WCC watch the Bachelor religiously?
The Great American Songbook Initiative is busy these days- 2012 high school vocal competition coming up AND the launch of the Hall of Fame
Please send your questions. We will definitely see what we can do.
My love for you is a journey Starting at forever, And ending at never.
check out www.youtube.com/kidsiview #harry potter
man! Take care out there!
Beginning to wonder if it's worth all of it...
please please please please :) i love you
Re two anniversaries last weekend. When you heard #Leonardo, did you think #Titantic or #daVinci? Is your glass half empty or half full?
S/O she badder then 3 year old in her WSHH Candy vid
that sucks find something to do then, i miss you btw <U+2665>
Just FYI - that's a fake Matusz account
Hey girl, I miss you, good to hear from you, i'm coming home next month-let's get together!
she was on disney. nuff said.
April 2010: SD "without La Jolla would be like the Padres without Adrian Gonzalez. We’d have one less big bat." Dec 2010: Adrian to Red Sox.
Bored in study hall. I'm thinking new YouTube cover tonight?(:
"Of course I respect woman! This one time, this girl had huge tits, and I respected that!"
Indianapolis,In
“Man should forget his anger before he lies down to sleep
just saw the webcast! Was a great show! Enjoyed learning about ur line of cosmetics! :)
I'm a fan of the 45 min meeting.
I might want to get to sleep because I know that when I wake up early in the morning I'm gonna be tired as fuck goodnight twitter
Wow. That was quick. And awesome.
I would like to know who taught Tim Tebow how to throw a football...
Is it just my own personal bubble, or are archives the red-headed stepchild of DH tech discussion? #musetech works very well for archives
All I can do is just pray that you will be okay<3
we are in search for a GAS weed wacker...anyone?
"Your free, open source research software isn't out-of-the-box suitable to my commercial for-profit needs! Wah!" -- via Josh S.
I hope feels better
The SIIA CODiE Awards recognize excellence in the business software, digital content, and education technology industries.
So if Jesus never said anything against being gay where the frick do these religious nuts get off acting like he did?
You sounded great and the two of you rocked that song!
we are about to embark on a 'round the world video shoot for our client alliance laundry systems! stay tuned...
virgin is the sh!t. Though those peanuts cost like 10 bucks
“: More reports: Junior Seau has reportedly committed suicide... #Chargers”
Happy or scary Friday the 13
How can you reassure someone something while at the same time reassure yourself?
Oklahoma tomorrow? zumba friday?
throw in
Heading to #FantasticFest this weekend? Look for 's 'Acid Reflux' bumper, filmed at our film's central location!
i kno who my real friends are!!:)
NATIONAL SUBWAY DAY :)
sucks for verlander... that feeling sucks
Hello all. Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Newark Pride Alliance!
The basis for longevity is optimal health achieved by proper diet exercise supplementation stress management BHRT and alkaline water intake
Well my house slippers !!
lolol I just can't handle his talking.
Ok ya know what my attitude is boiling and im really trying not to go off in this damn ghetto ass apt but ya know what its tim 4 a cig NOW
Always protect your heart.
I pick MIAMI! Take me down to paradise city where the grass is green &
Hey woman, things are wonderful post #shecon. Best part was meeting you and Danyella. Had blast hanging with u saturday nite
Lmao! RT : Noted: no prostitutes back to the hotel when traveling overseas for work......lmao
what are you singing?
Fun breakfast with a sweet friend, home to clean & symphony tonight. Yea weekend! Saturday = happiness :)
I'll do my best... It is just a minor cold, so it should last only a few days more!
I want a back massage.. really really bad.
Way, way back, probably in Tennessee. Do you guys know Kim Dingess at Oneonta? We're grad school buddies.
"Bridge Burning" by is so friggin' good! Can't wait to see them in New Orleans for JazzFest!
Where is someone to wait for Hesjedal?
And then the lights dimmed inexplicably...
Ziggler just took two AWESOME bumps in that tag match. I repeat: he better be in a world title match at next year's
Going swimming then putting shorts and a hoodie on is the best thing..
My green room is almost complete, yeah
Want free chips, salsa, sweet tea and a chance to get to know our pastors? Come to Salsa w/ the Staff Sunday at 12:15 next doort @ El Cerro
Does anyone else get scared when a text reads “Can I ask you a question?"
have fun being really original there, kid
thanks man! Did you have a favorite part? Working on my new one I'm trying to incorporate all the great stuff
Baby.. If your down, we could take over the world! Maybe even go half on a babygirl!!
": PARTY AT SAKIIS NEXT WEEKEND!"
I have a big FUCK you for a few people...
bout to take my ass to work cause if u dont work u dont eat u dont grind u dont shine...
depends. My clients have very customized needs n we always workout something affordable. Tell me more
Roses are red;Violets are blue;I have 5 fingers and the middle one is for you.
1 word: Epic!
Only 5 more days!
*brother ": My sister is seriously the biggest BITCH ever!! -__-"
Yikes, what happened?
definitely needed!
so we both live and work downtown... why haven't i seen you in almost a year
Dee is a rockstar for playing after he injured his hand like that.
Trust your week back to school & work went well. Please remember to complete #ECET2 survey.
If Harry's bi, then let's go Larry. I'll support him through it all. But, trust him, not a magazine that states it.
I like where Dave's head is at. No rain at the moment.
aw yeah ;)
lol both of you can it.
My friend lost her FRONT ROW tix for and tonight. I could not be more sad for her :(
Totally addicted!
I'm listening to that right now!
In my mind, Austin doesn't have any flaws. If you asked me to point out a flaw I wouldn't be able to answer. He's pure perfection.
nice day in the bay!!!
Looks like most tolls will be around $5. ewwwwww
I had the same problem!
Good Night To Everyone :):) Have Sweet Dreams ;)
Would you like me to email you? I would, very much, enjoy reading your writing.
Fuck, marry, kill: ScarJo, Megan Fox, Jessica Alba. Aaannnddd....GO.
just saw this. That is awesome...you got to meet the King! (Every time I see the word Marvel I get a bad taste in my mouth..).
I know man DQ put for the season man in his sophomore year shit sucks I know he was going to blow up this year
I would say Mitt has an attitude problem. This would have been a good opportunity for him to show his kids his respect for police.
Only Delta airlines would NOT be prepared for aircraft to arrive early. Then make you sit on the plane and wait for a gate!!! UGH
I wish!
what video is this from?
lmao! Good one... Now focus!
RT : Dalglish has left Liverpool manager's job. overhaul of Liverpool continues
please follow me <3 I love you..
That's 'cause you have to add ICE CREAM. RT : Lesson of the day: water, ibuprofen and whiskey do not, in fact, cure everything.
Math or English??
Don't ever walk a big ass dog when you're high af!! learned the hard way.. lol
straight out of bricksquad
Had a great time at the Union Mission fundraiser today at Berry Hills. I would love to play it on my own ball to see how I do.
Beavs going for it on 4 and 15 from the 27? Down by 4 and the way the Ducks offense has been lately, hard to argue against it. But risky.
You know you have beer on the brain when you hear 'microbrewer' when they ask if a 'Michael Brewer' is on the plane...
We're getting closer to launching our campaign! Stay tuned! Please RT!
watching Stand By Me?
“: Haven't heard 's new cd, everyone's talking about it! #makinitbig” that's what I need!!
Ppl in Boston are so f'n rude!!! They all need some ettiquette training esp. the staff at H&M
: haha what you be doing? :D
I can't get this pickup line outta my head.... there once was a man from Nantucket.... me!
#Life is not about what you can GET but what you can GIVE!
are you in Chicago?
Ignite speaker Sue Santa at #COFLA: "Transparency doesn't equal effectiveness." Do you agree?
Devoe Moore wins again. He has no grounds to complain about government again, ever.
Apex landfill notifies county about possible expansion
maybe when you mature your taste will improve.
Good Lord. Every slot is a death slot if you wait long enough. Fringe is alive.
Word of the day: saturnine (adj) 1-sluggish in temperament; gloomy 2-suffering from lead poisoning 3-due to absorption of lead
I don't know if being your friend is worth the time.
This life gets overwhelming and more than hectic, but a woman worth some anger is certainly worth some effort
PC. My video is all screen grabs so the res. shouldn't be an issue. Looked at the msg boards, and found a discussion there1/2
*jumps up and down*
Nope! Back to nights!! :)
what action to take today? free some slaves in the world or ????????
Proud to announce that Stereophonic has acquired an independent domain name: StereophonicNews.Com.
Get on a song wit me for a loww price, naw fuk it.. You make the price! Holla at me I'm working rite now!
Hello Nova - very nice to meet you - i love myth deconstructors -- do a lot of that sort of thing myself - DJ
Those people who make you feel like shit and they don't even know it <<
I have this feeling like the world is going to end soon. Don't know why, but it's unsettling
Good deal. Morricone is always in my regular rotation. Ayeeayeeaahhhhhh, whuhwhuhhwuhhhhh.
#goldrush #thankgolditsfriday gReat work this year!
The Reuben's Gluttony and the crispy Pig ears equals meat porn
I think a modern John Marshall could pull it off, but it would have to be a daring argument. Better to go with legislation.
And Kings of Colorado is on twitter.....
It's been done! Back to the drawing board...
Nipsey Hussle is looking for beats....Send 3 beats to . As always....make sure you copyright your music!
Ah just made my morning ^.^ <3
And now a gigantic FUCK YOU to all the twats that said the Magic would be swept. Suck it hard.
im on twitter, im on facebook, at THE SAME DAMN TIME
The tone and style of your marketing communications give voice to your brand’s personality.
Class went well last night. Next week we will be working on Shakespeare Henry V.
Tryouts went good. Supposedly my jumps were fire. Results tonight at around 9! So excited to see what level I made
Phillip Phillips rocking Bob Seger - clearly the best on #idol - if he can write, he is a superstar - if not, a lounge act
I own it. Proudly.
I mean just LOOK at my profile pictue. I win
Treat Yourself to something nice! Over 50% off at Martha's Salon and Spa on www.crowdclick.com
how is RIMM doing lately?
it's all good! that's right, an optimist.
are you watching the kids choice awards???(: i am!
Frog chili? Will have to give it a shot next time. Just moved to Dallas. Let me know next time you're in town!
Crew wins on a terrible throw by Kemp.
First 2 Spring Training games for the Brewers today. Let the road to the World Series begin today...
Doug Baldasare WG'12 - with ChargeItSpot you'll never have to deal with a dead smartphone battery again
why shouldn't libraries be involved in e-gov? information has changed and where you go to get info is different now. deal with it.
Good Morning PaulMooney from the Northern Plains land of the miserable winter. Anyone got a snowblower that works out there?
really great weekend cast/crew. we're a third of the way there!
thanks. Trying to get a grip on the scope of druple.
Free Comic Book Day! Go support your local retailer and buy some funny books.
Wow, that's novel. The temperature starts with a 7.
RT : Big S/o 2 my Music Video Director get @ her 4 Videos. Yes its a she go follow Now!!!!
Sooner or later I will be on Glee. World watch out.
Happy Birthday to miss you!
lol hilarious Erin is hilarious!
Busywork is so much better with 80's music....Dance Hall Days baby
Bosio does what Higuera couldn't in four innings -- set the A's down in order. Still tied up at 5 as we go to the 6th.
Hey pretty lady! Whas your schedule hun? You getting ready for a show??
I think it's high time for a tweetup.
Didn't even know it was April fools day
this is yo unique page.a place where you can be you can be yourself. a place where you dont have to front and act phony.
Hey everyone please follow my NGO we are here to raise awareness on and combat the crimes of #humantrafficking. Thanks You
5 yr old girl killed in bus crash to be laid to rest today, funeral for Donasty Smith at 11 at Eastside Baptist Church
AGREED! RT : Paula having diabetes i hope speaks volumes to where we have our priorities of food in this country
Rode the bus for the first time in 5 months today. Still stresses me out more than anything.
I want you to be in here! I MISS YOUR FACE! :(
Just flushed a pair of Ray Bans down the toilet. Accidentally of course. Shit. First pair of '12 shades time of death 2:13 pm 5/11.
lol is this a real song?
ha, yes definitely! I'm very curious who this boy your smitten with is :-)
Kindle edition of a book more expensive than a new print edition of a book... WTF!?
Come one come all, I'll be at the beach blvd flea market until 5:30. One shirt 15 or two for 20
Gail my message was indeed intended for you. It's refreshing to see excellent content like this.
ok x
The best thing about being so close to being a worldwide published producer, is being peers with the people i've always looked up to.
And a money clip, my wallet/clip is wearing out :/.
that comment was after a bottle of wine. No fair! Lol
Las Grenas don't need no stinking bras! We wear our sweats with our boots and our pinche flannels and talk in our
Night my homies
to wake up in the morning is a blessing!
time to create ... got some pretty dope things in the works ...
There's something there about the metaphysics of being followed by distance. They should have sent a poet.
Another friendly, subtle reminder: Tomorrow is the LAST DAY FOR OUR FOOD DRIVE!! 3 canned goods =1 free med coffee. :) :) :)
Amen. RT : I do not understand the concept of skinny jeans. I just don't get how they could possibly be comfortable.
east coast time. derek has a dish!
Been up for 20 straight hours.
I'm not sure we can make such a totalizing statement about voice w/o defining voice better (than humanly possible)
No listen to u chayse RT : Bron got 10 in the 4th....dude desperate to shed that label.
Eastbound I-40 is closed from Moriarty to the Texas state line. More road closures on www.krqe.com.
RT Dinner 49th & College, Greenwood Ashley Furniture US31 & Fry, @
Browsing at Old Navy.
Stop parting your hair down the middle. You aren't a Kardashian.
Lunch Amy’s Cheese Enchilada W/Organic Beans, Corn, & Tomatoes, O Water Wild Berry
His only fault is that he has no fault.
investigated buying & renno of 1 - 2 salty for me RT would occupy 1 of those buildings in a heartbeat
I am knitting a baby blanket.
downside of living in Austin... this is no vacation for us
Great gift idea Utan - Madison. Go to www.dealoria.com
Don't forget... is having a huge #4th of July sale!!!! Go to dannapools.net for great prices!!!
Mad Thursdays @ O'Malleys Tonight w/ Best Drink specials.Beer Bar hosted by From 10-11.Get There Early!
I need to stop smoking.....I blew over 300 blunts in 1 week smh hahah SIKEE I will never stop!!!!!!
3 more people to reach 2000 followers
Zach randolph has a cocky attitude i dont care for
"enough is enough with this horse shit"
great having lunch
whenever i get back to writing, that is. i kinda miss that part of it...
all i asked for was orange juice to make me feel better and now my dad keeps saying that its not gonna help my sore throat i wanted it tho
Thought you might like our music. Follow us and peep us on pandora ;)
Some people stay, some people go. That's just the way it is.
Corey Feldman's ex is seeking child support. He's to cough up $307 a month. This is based on his monthly income of $1387. Wow.
just beasted a remix of "aint no dj" by big boi
Good morning!!! Thanks God for a new day!! Enjoy it people<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Thanks for following Check out another cool graphic designer. Send him some love to pass 100 folowers.
Can't believe I ate a large French fries all on my own!! Paying for it on the stair master!
no T bones?? You've changed
Returned home from the concert in Nashville tonight: Wonderful, moving and funny. Great concert!! Thank you, Audra McDonald
50/50 was pretty damn good. I mean, I did cry and stuff, so mission: accomplished.
Broken fryer at Torchy's Tacos means no fried avocado taco for me. Sadface.
At the CPC Horseshoe ready to get seated in 24 mins
I have so much homework to do I'd rather not think about it.
#SignsYouLostAFight when your friend has to tell you "they didn't see who got the last swing"
they know you love the commercials lol
RT : tonight on the program, a very special visit with Eric from ! Be sure to join us at 3am
well I am not surprised. Only surprised when I don't get what I want when I want it :-)
have you claimed The Plaza District on Wimgo? If not, you should! We're trying to build up our local businesses.
We have 2 days left of mild weather before some big changes.. Wed. we could see light snow.
It's happening people!!!!!!! FarFetched will be performing at the Hammerstein in NYC!!!!!!! HeeHee
Aw :-( “: Movie time with and Jenni! Missing you and <U+2764>”
if the jets beat the bills and pats the next two weeks it would have to be the jets in my book
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with. They are looking for potential mates.
Just landed in Detroit for my layover. They better have wifi and a Starbucks. Or else . . .
i'm not sure what happen but don't let the haters get you down :) x
awe:( I did that once! Prayed a lot, & it finally showed up on a high shelf after about a month- I forgot I put it there!
You Must Dress In The Dark With Yo Tacky Ass
EBSCOhost database is working...if you're willing to wait 120 seconds for a page to load. Doesn't scale well.
Let's get a new #Vikings stadium. #mngop #mnleg Vote for keeping the #Vikings in the state.
"Life is the art of drawing without an eraser." - John W. Gardner.
"Positively Positive... sweet dreams world
The very first thing I heard when I turned on my television this morning: "Look at those fries, Mr. T!"
TUDA shows major gains in urban districts but we still have a long way to go.
. Early lead nominees for MoranMonday: Windmill Trump and the StickerLady. Your nominees?
you ain't used to it you gonna grow accustomed.
Tomorrow will be the official grand-opening of the new Bad Sue Studios. It's also Bad Sue's birthday. We miss you Gram <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9>
we are going to have so much fun :)
Headed to palo alto for the week. First stop Google. Last stop In-N-Out.
Grad Ceremony this Thursday at 7pm. Blue caps/gowns. Sweet bittersweet testimonies and gospel music. Please come: get bless & give. Thurs.
could you put up links to research mentioned in "Why People Do Bad Things"? Fascinating.
I thought Peter Singer had died. *With whom am I confusing him?*
Thanks & for some amazing bbq
what class is it for?
Who you WERE isn't as important as who you ARE... and it definitely doesn't hold a candle to who you're going to BE.
lol in just decided to say hey cuz ur were like tweet me
this is starting my week off bad. Manning better not be coming to denver. Tebow is my man.
First pig race of the day SoooooWeeeeee!
Happy summertime everyone!
I love watching Tyler Hansbrough play.
Cracker Barrel Names Laura A. Daily Senior Vice President of Retail
thanks!:):) glad you enjoy it:)
Thanks - for all the stars!
merry christmas happy holidays!!1 only 2 days til christmas :D and only 8 days til new years ever :D
study period day 4. first order of business: new desktop background
St. Louis Cardinals won the World Series!!!! Hell yeah!!!!!
How much deeper would the ocean be if sponges didn't grow in it?
Looking forward to Dallas Kids Expo tomorrow at Dallas Market Hall! Come and join us there. www.dallaskidsexpo.com
NFL Draft Rumors: Miami Dolphins Must Select QB Ryan Tannehill - Bleacher Report
Weston receives grant as Green Community
Just sent you a message!
At #FOGM12 "Future of Genomic Medicine V" today in La Jolla!
Them gold leggings ain't working for your 45 year old self
No surprises here #INElect12 RT : Mitt Romney has won the Indiana Republican presidential primary, the Associated Press reports
Beezies that dance off beat...
#QuestionOfTheDay There are Angelenos, Bostonians, and New Yorkers. What are residents of West Hollywood called?
Thanks guys!!! Y'all Rock! -BAC
My fave thing these days is unfollowing "socialites". Pity their lives. oh, boy, am I gonna get slammed for that one! whoa baby!
I'm on the bus sitting between 2 senior citizens, all while listening to rapping about getting drunk & sex
Academic All-State honorable mentions
We think the indego-sporting blue mix is bad, how ab the ref outfit?
fell asleep listening to #frandora lastnight
I guess we're both gonna have to judge each other. Maybe we could have a battle of wits Princess Bride style.
FRAGILE...... It must be Italian
I totally twitter stalked. Congratulations on the new job!
RT : What tricks do yall use to attribute actions back to specific media channels or tactics?
We don't always get along.. he thinks he knows it all; I'm quick to tell him he's wrong. But at the end of the day, we still love each other
While everyones at fantabuloso I'm sitting here at home.... Listening to 1D... I'm such a low life omfg
It's day 3 of 11 of our road show...and we have almost sold out of toffee! Driving back to make more! Love it!
Full studs. Never half-ass it. Go all the way. Every time. xx
Recently discovered that my camera has a "discreet" setting... so many pics of strangers on the metro coming Twitter's way
RT : !! Frmr Kigali mayor Aisa Kirabo Kacyira advises us to assume people we hope to help/lead have ability to teach/guide us....
Babies are the cutest
:o not true!
Coffee and Cigarettes are my only escape. I got my cup of Joe, my pack of stokes. (:
And if anyone has any tips for dealing with the Structure theme in Wordpress, we'll take your advice!
Time to be productive...
Just met in real life. She's as awesome as you think.
I texted another donation in honor of 's Mom's powerful phone call this AM on the
See you guys in the Bronx on Friday!
I like how u say dat :-)
Y do i keep fucking up
Alice is a magistral character, created by Charles Lutwidge Dodgson, a
Records include newspapers published by Japanese Americans in War Relocation Centers. Wow. So much untapped #genealogy info.
Morning Lap around the building.
for what days?
And now the conversation is awkward.
my dad isnt here either :/
right dam weirdos fuck the circus and every clown related function lol
So glad you enjoyed Saturday's event and thanks for the #FF love!
yeah she does!
#Livemixtapes <----- Watch us get on there soon
Can't wait to join you again :) have a great dayy <3 <3 :) x
"nerd swag" ew no nobody likes you
#OMG I will remember that next time I am one of your #juicing #guineapigs hahaha
Me Too... I Was Crying Just Seeing The Preview...
The King of Energy Drinks "Xtamina Energy Drink" as hit GA & FL.
We are all in the gutter, but some are looking at the stars.
it's not my shower.... I don't have to clean it.
Thanks so much for coming out to see us!
When working on your interactive projects, good rule to follow: the interaction must be clear!
Apologies, we just accidentally tweeted a closure notice we were scheduling for Patriots' Day. We are still open!
thank you guys at New Light for the push
No! He's too gentlemanly for that. Next tweet explained: they were drunkly yelling, he gave her a refund from his own wallet.
Follow 's tweets for some rowdy rhetoric from the D.C. Council.
#MHTA is moving to the Grain Exchange building downtown this summer... 4th floor, near
RT:#blackparentsquotes- slap . DIDNT . slap . I . slap . TELL . slap . YOU . slap . TO . slap . CLEAN . slap . UP ? MOVE YA HAND ! slap LOL!
Hello! What Are You Doing?
My #IdealBirthdayLineup would be a performance from
yay! step one to world domination is to find the starbucks by the sky bridge in downtown Houston. :) see you soon!
You are awesome, Wendy! I'll keep you posted. :)
... I THINK THE "WORLD" NEED AN OFFICIAL #TEAMYCB MIX TAPE
T i love your the new hypeman of the crew dont think i didnt watch the pst game speech lol!! im with team
BOBS YOUR UNCLE: another way of saying "its that simple" Turn right then left, youll see a sign and bob's your uncle. ^haha
if he was legit in the camp... same thing!
I never thought it would be easy...
I hope this Hoopin thing comes thru!
thanks for the follow!
Finished score and parts today for Hitchcock/Herrmann rehash piece for Ensemble Klang. Time to take a break...
sure, im not worried about the citizens of Lone Jack throwing arms
Yea you gone need it to board that plane. Don't forget or they gone tamper with ya meat in security
Super excited to work with a fabulous new lighting designer for #pbtenpointe on Sunday!
tryna get to you and that
*clears throat* Um, did I just hear you on CNN encourage people to be nasty to you on Twitter? :-)
My moms laughing at friends like its the first time she's seen it
yea i know i say we go start a mob and take those skin heads out. Better yet u wanna make it a date lol :-)
Do my boys pull it out 2nd half?
Hated by many, wanted by plenty, disliked by some, confronted by none.
Feeling really good after my morning run. I've been missing this feeling. Hope my body holds up to regular running now. Wish me luck!
Reading is so relaxing when you're actually reading a good book.
Won my tennis match tonight :) JV 3 I think yes! ;)
Getting ready for my new Saturday golf routine. This is my time.
Family Guy is still hilarious
WOO HOOO! With those nice people that you liked? YIPPEE!
The Lotus position is not for us Nordic types
Congrats to and the Internationalists for "Make me talk or make me drink"! Hilariously written and performed in real time!
The cougars in this place make me muy uncomfortable.
People are being so loud next door that I can hear them perfectly over my headphones.
no lol in fact I'm looking forward to Saturday !!! House of Blues !!!
the campaign..
Getting prepped for a new season with new song selections... stay tuned for some creative music ideas for your wedding/event!
Could the "Bowl Games" be any more boring? I mean seriously
Application Development Manager - Perm Direct Hire - 90k -110k - Looking for a Leader / Manager who can make quick decision and stand on hi…
I'm beyond done with my job. Smh...
Dam that sounds good!!! Can you make me one too
give the shirts away!!!! Take a lesson from #Zappos Delivering Happiness!!!!
I see it I didn't at first!
I want Chic-fil-A right now, but I'm in the north.
sure, you're alternative was not going to college? They're not protesting the loan but cost of ed & borrowing for it.
That's because porn always has a happy ending.
To msnbc Chris Matthews and Those Religious Nuts Cretin I mean Christians Right the Muslim was attacked by United States Iraq, Iran, Tripoli
Cyclocross today... Participants and spectators are already arriving. Come on out for some fun in the mud.
Thanks for the awesome resources!
jk baby simpson
Training this girl is like talking to a wall...same questions every single freaking day.
"She is healthy, transformed, her natural color has come back. She is staring out w/ an expression of awed wonder."- ANNA CHRISTIE
Why is the cow mad????
2 more hours !! damn cant belive gonna be back in my second home again !
The potatoes have landed in Oven City with the chickens...
What area of town? I can keep my eyes peeled...
It's a fine line between "rustic presentation" "lazy" and "ugly", isn't it now?
Austin's gonna be at the north star mall today. Too bad I live in louisiana :(
I told ju to text me!!
The Daily Shows Jon Stewart in DC June 16 for Bob Woodruff foundation dinner
this is for work:)
I have come to a conclusion! lol we definitely need to hang over the summer!!
: Creating is what we do. Lets see exactly what you need and go from there.
if she is the right person, SJSU
NIGHTMARE ALLEY explains why magicians are always men -- women brought up to call attention to themselves, so misdirection effects unnatural
So glad to be home!! Nothin quite like sleepin under the parents roof again, Nothin!
RT #TBLonELLEN !!!!!!!!! GET ON YOUR SHOW ASAP! THEY NEEDA DANCE WITH YOU!
We're having a great time with our show We are meeting really interesting people from all over the country and world.
Month of rain? My plants wouldn't know what to do with that much water.
How can a person talk about themselves that much.
<U+C544><U+B2C8><U+C5D0><U+C694> (^-^)/ The song was very catchy = )
Mr Ross wouldn't dare score on you would he??
Glad they kept Friedrich over Pomeranz. However, I'm biased having seen him throw a bunch in high school. Great CB.
great day in brek. amazing fans! team rsh in control. one to go.
I know what you talkin bout YOKIMAH
This is quite silly. School and all.
You're amazing.
Why couldn't this have been the early game tomorrow so I could've slept through it?!?!
Agree. Too many TV options these days to keep folks around for that long.
Word of advice... If you schedule a meeting with a potential client and you do not call or give notice of cancellation, all around bad biz.
A good day for commencement @ the Shrine.
Our Last Minute Special for Saturday, March 3rd:
“: If you entered the contest back in April we are reaching out now. Check your Facebook! <
MDSLKTR excitement building
A woman can say more in a sigh than a man can say in a sermon. ~Arnold Haultain
do you plan on having people on the mixtape with u. ''Feat.'' Or do u plan on making you own solo mixtape?
It will get better.
Yippie it's my birthday tomorrow. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
John Legend & The Roots performing The Boss' Dancing in the Dark was simply amazing.
Except Google will be looking at everything you store there.
wow sabs way to hate me, Sry I'm not cool enough for you
Thanks for the mention, Phoebe. We've contacted several places in Tampa and will update you. Hope to have GTG sold there soon!
back at ya!!!
There's a time for every soul 2 fly; it's in the eyes of every child. It's the hope that u can save the world + we should never let it die.
Don't fall for words fall for actions
absolutely. Engage first, link second. So much has come from interacting with peeps. Like me and CC, friends 4EVA
I love so much. She is the most beautiful girl in the world
Did u know that from 12ft the pros make 30% and amateurs 15%? Anything is possible and also important to know the facts
thank you that's what I thought I needed to check out! Advantages that you can blast messages too?
Did TV cave to the power of #Duke basketball? Read about it here-www.USSportspages.com
i'm going to see horrible bosses!!!! time for a large coke and butter popcorn!!
and I literally just screamed when Bon Iver won.
my critical thinking muscles are on break right now.
L O L
Thanks for following! Currently giving away a free night stay at the SpringHill Suites! Retweet our last tweet to be entered in the drawing!
There are way too many songs about getting high and drunk to solve your problems.
Can't wait to make a hole-in-one this year at summerfest, even if it costs me a good $100
please please please follow me please andrea
Rehberger: from Matrix, a digital humanities center at Michigan State U. - sits between history and anthropology.
Things are going great! is a hot club! Do you do remixes as well?
Yes, there is.
"Can Owen Wilson survive The Coup?" Whoa - Why is Boots Riley upset with Owen Wilson?
Cardinal Dolan is on twitter
I mailed in my paper application just as they were transitioning from paper to online. :-/
Cxx's get uber money for failing. How is that fair.
Gotta shout out for holdin it down at UW's Ethnic Cultural Theater. We love it when hip-hop has important things to say.
Happy Birthday Mom! We love you! Thanks for sticking up with our obsession with movies all these years! Love, Brandon & Collin
The single most powerful asset we all have is our mind. If it is trained well, it can create enormous wealth...
BTW we need to practice soon! Got a gig coming up Sept 3rd!
It may sound like an unlikely combo, but it's pretty much perfect.
I wrote your name in my book ,your last name my first im your miss's <3
Awe my niece Mackenzi is ONE today!! Happy Birthday little one.. Auntie Loves you!!!!!
lots of phone calls to the newsroom about lights in the sky...apparently it's the Northern lights. Do you see anything?
Interested in all my reactions to the transition from clearing up one job and starting 2012 with a new job.
the baby on yur icon is beautiful !
Great jewelry too!
#thatawkwardmoment when announces hes still single.....but youre clearly dating him....
I know! I've been so shady. I'm working on something other than my social networks and youtube.
Getting the worst possible anxiety with Camille driving a car.
This is grind time fam.... No more fuckin around. Ready to take shit over
"Conversation with the artist: Wilbur Niewald" takes place at 6 p.m. Jan. 20 at the Kemper Museum of Contemporary Art. (see previous post)
Late night phone call<3 (;
Absolutely! As far as Tuesday's Timbers - Dynamo match, I'm game if you are.
and now all that's left is cleaning up the pinata and eating what's left of the 6' party sub.
First two shows are over. Now to Katharine Kidd presented by Jon Mayer :-)
Excellent use of hashtaggery.
A perfect day to sit on The Queen's heated patio and enjoy the complimentary street theater. *Spare change not included.
Welcome to the Green Bay #Packers!
"The little things you do every day, for the ones you love, is the best proof of love" ~ #quote rt
Full house at the #drush session.
Prison Break is such a dominant show
IK... and ARE THE GREATEST CURRENT SUPERSTARS!!!!!!!!!!!
Idk. Did Diamond work today? What time are we going out?
and i'm gonna ask to adopt louis.
. Phantom Learning: schools rare, info abundant. "Omnipresent" digital layer via AR, e.g. Google Glass . Rise of MOOCs
"Bobby. Doggin It." If you know, you're probably sore. LOL
thinking of you! Hope you're having as much fun as me! Love you!
Somebody should bring me to church. :O
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy but you're never getting my number so go away already.
I will after finals .......promise
RT Peyton Manning will work out for #Broncos today at Duke University. Indoor facility, as of now. Part of process, per sources
FOCUS = Fixed Ongoing Concentration, Unlimited Success
You're gonna live Casey. Extremely underrated. Can do it all.
uhmm I havr no clue o.o
lol right you know my saying.. Im doing better then most
Hawaii visitor spending climbs 19 percent in March
it would eliminate the need for a j******k on apple devices
Skaters hunting for area ice time
Documentary fans! Give a quick follow to our docu-comedy and help spread the word of indie documentaries!
15min power naps are the best! I feel so much more alive!! How about you?
Hey we use a symbolic 'whistle' as real one might hurt client's ears :) Last wk heard person say bacon is key 2 good taste!
The guys got the trailer! (: Which means tour!
R.I.P. Willies Pinchos !
we're rather pleased with ourselves ;)
“To eat is a necessity, but to eat intelligently is an art” - Francois La Rochefoucauld
Always glad to meet another pro-lifer on Twitter. Our goal is to equip and enable people to defend the pro-life position well.
heyy I heard you were a wild onee <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
really interesting conversation with the sharp and engaging evette cardona brothers fdn about evidence-based decision making + more!
Just finished #c25k week 2 run 3 with #GetRunning – 29 minutes of exercise and 9 minutes of running. Next run: Monday 16th.
Thanks for the nice words :) !! Have a great weekend !
holler at your boys!!
got mine per-ordered yesterday, email said it would be here next Fridat:)
So ready for #AllAccess today with
absolutely! appreciate the support!
“: The city has serious spring fever. Love and lust is everywhere.” raaarrr
I love Caiola's for brunch. Dinner as well. Consistently great.
am jealous! Great restaurant. We need one on this side of the water! Enjoy :o)
Unfollowed Me, What Up With That? I Thought We Were Bros :)
" The prank I just did on should be on punk'd !!! Lol #PrankOfALifetime" I'm shaking LOL. I hate you!
Updating the policies for the Cloud - "Don't screw it up" #usinno I'm not so convinced that won't happen Internet will become like cable TV
Lost Moose Lodge Ellijay Georgia Vacation Rental Envision Virtual Tours HD Video - wooden soap dishes
I'm always down. Im basically running a hostile, or a brothel, whichever you prefer. It would be great to kick it old school.
5. my iPhone.
One of the best features of Google's Ngram UI is the simple way it lets people share their ngrams via URL.
Did I mention how much I love my support system?
you going to the rose bowl?
Lifes based upon sacrafices, give one thing up & get one in return.
M...pre red-eye beers and fattening food....
mate. so remember what i said i'd do to harry and niall. i would do that to you too :3
“: the bacon grilled cheese was good! automatic pickle is a nice perk.” what's a lunch without chips and a pickle right :)
how are you honey ?
Keep on keeping on. Nathan Mihelich, Savant Multimedia, LLC.
with "Dangerous Liasons" wigs and the Blackbeard wig/beard, I officially declare this to #18thcentury week at the CWC Headquarters
She's for real -__-
Ahaha! You should! :]
hoodrat bitches talkin shittttttt......bye bitch we will kill you
Today is the best day of my entire life. Thanks be to God
lol, hopefully they will bring you! And okat and whaaa?
Thanks so much britney!
Let's go WI badgers vs. Syracuse. We want to go to the elite 8!!!
Awesome! Can you get me the details or Sterling's contact info? Then I'll get it to my client's niece who lives over there!
If i could wake up just 60 minutes earlier, i could have breakfast
Talk about TNA, The Rock promo was meh I would much rather hear you guys talk about tna.
I do #NoShaveNovember even though I have nothing to grow...(: but I'll do it with you also! It will be super nasty + fun :D
Third IS a charm #Pubcon!
About to work out.
here come the haters,
#smbhou Klout is a very rough tool. Some truly influential folks have really low scores and vice versa.
Thank you for your kind words and generous feedback...
This is my twitter. There are many twitters like it but this one is mine.
no its been the usual poop schedule haha
THIS WILL GO PLATINUM J. RIMES ALBUM VEGAS PREMIERE VIDEO FOR HIT NEW SINGLE "ANGELINA" COMING SOON!
tell me it on a mention
is working on 2 new youtube videos this weekend
Whitney and Ray Jay are back together again ain't that something
so nice
There go the people. I must follow them for I am their leader. Alexandre Ledru-Rollin
Say you love me the most... Well I love you the moster...
I just ate way too much cake
Dreamed I ran into , he laughed at one of my jokes. Best morning ever! Then I went to fight a team of evil twins and bunnies.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HOPE YOU HAD A GREAT DAY!!<3
"Train, don't strain" A Lydiard
Q: did you hear the energizer bunny was arrested? A: he was arrested for Battery! <<evil laugh>>
RT : No, you're not in control. LOL // I knew it!
have you ever watched Black Books? Remember when Manny gets 'The Little Book of Calm' stuck inside of him?
“With any part u play, there is a certain amount of urself in it. There has to be, otherwise it's just not acting. It's lying.” Johnny Depp
so amazing to learn that you did the track to Fez. i loved loved loved Obsidian Interstellar ...
I'm the most under the radar artist in the game. Most people that become aware of my music is instant fans.
The awkward moment when you tweet about butt dialing and 5 seconds later someone butt dials you hahahahah!
Happy birthday Molly ( ) you're destined to become a starcatcher. Just kidding. Happy birthday!
aaaaaawwwwww yeeeeeeeaaaaaahhh. Oh and your CAPS comment made me actually laugh out loud.
I'ma put it down, you can fall in love.
Information Architecture, Usability, User Experience Design. These are a few of my favorite things.
what is your new job and how can I also get it? That sounds like my kind of lifestyle.
BaseKit Website Builder Partnership Signals Growing South African Market - Web Host Industry Review
#Addicted to Parks & Recreations,
See, Emily, not everything from Ohio is lame. Just me and Cleveland.
MISSING GIRL HAS BEEN FOUND SAFE
that was me
Took a 20 minute nap. Should I take another one? Hell yeah ! <U+E011><U+E13C>
Due to technical difficulties it looks like we won't be able to be at Wheelock tomorrow. Our microphones are broken!
aw thanks!
When girls curse<<<
I don't do jealous ex's....
Just bought tickets to see Tim Minchin (again!) at the Vic in Chicago this week. He's brilliant - really looking forward to it.
Looked up from my film research work and had to ask myself
Just watched a great movie with the fam ~ maybe you've seen it? Seven Days In Utopia ~ awesome!
#TheBestThing it's the freedom
hey is it windy like a war by you at the #mtg #grandprix #baltimore ?
i follow ya back.. asap!
Fighting the sleepiness.. I'm not winning! Goodnight! (:
love kchen though
(cont.) their case. they try so hard to be good because they're famous. yeah, it's wrong. but just chill out! give them a damn break.
Thanks for the RT! We're excited to be at Fusion this week #IFOFusion2012 Come see us at Booth #927!
Relaxin, and preparing my mind for the next day
Saw 3 movies this weekend and #TheAvengers is still my favorite, although #TheBestExoticMarigoldHotel was awesome as well! See both!
yep! at bug!
download your copy today....... ---www.lulu.com ---www.justwasntmytime.bigcartel.com.. ALL DOWNLOADS ONLY $4.99 JUST WASNT MY TIME
Thanks for coming in for a crab cake sandwich this afternoon!
Actually, he escapes from a train taking him to Auschwitz and encounters a resistance cell while hiding out.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ Im telling you just attach a big parachute TO THE PLANE ITSELF Is anyone listening to me
hey yo i kinda did... tell daddy i say hi :)
your a senior !? ;o
Tonight at Club Downtown! $2 Any Beer! $4 Any mixed drink or shot all Nite!
Thanks for listening!!! Have a great weekend!!
Well thank you! that means a lot to us
Oh it's been a couple of minutes , I think she's over it ; I'll text her :) looking ass -__-
show off :)
I live a modern life.
Good day tweethearts!!!
The cubs are gonna suck, its a good thing
Boston has much better beer than that. Try to get Harpoon IPA on tap!
Me three.
very close observation to the starships video lmfao
also you usually add a couple bucks for using your own design if you have one.
At 9:45 last night, a neighbor shed us for laughing too loud. Why is laughing not ok, but gardeners at 7:30 on a Saturday morning are ok?
In DC with for wedding! I love this town!
Thanks for the RT!
RT : in the morning <U+2661><U+2661>
<3 Can't wait to go see next week in Lancaster PA (: its gonng to be amazing.
Everyone: If you keep listening to your music so loudly you'll be deaf by the time you're 20. Me: What?
90s rock has inspired... Anyone have any suggestions for any local bands in the Baltimore/Metro area we could check out?
At noon there will be. Still writing...
Join me in the 30 for 30 Challenge.Take Skinny Fiber 30 minutes before your largest meals and participate in aerobic exercise for 30...
Good games. Nice weather and great customers. Thank you and get in here LSU fans!
Two compliments in five minutes for the #megatron Jersey.
When i say it's barbie bitch i really mean i'm barbie bitch
we should be going to more of the same conferences.
WAKE UP AUSTIN !
Mark your calendars! Patrick Harbron's amazing photos of Rock and Roll icons go on display on May 10!...
Edsta!!! Shes buying us a Unicorn if we go!!! :P
monday, tuesday, WEDNESDAY!! #ijusttoldthefishstory :)
I love creating music. Last nights rehearsal with BrownRiceFamily was an amazing feeling. Okai Haiti
just got sent a beautiful video from disneyland. how freaking cute. thank you <3
"the best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up." - Paul Valery.
What coffee does to one's senses is very beneficial, but doesn't seem right. It's almost like cheating, but we have no choice.
RT : You've got less than 48 hours to make charitable contributions that can be written off against your 2011 taxes....
: grandma might lemme.
geez, everyone & their grandma has a twitter account. I followed 110 people just from area in 5mins.
Me and Jodeci think you cheatin on us girl
Cant wait till me my mama and lil bro reunite
I have a love/hate relationship with it. ;) Thanks for the added info on the books.
OMG I wish was still on the show. I hate how the whole show is ganged up on
One of the hardest thing I have ever done is trying to plug in the charger in the dark.
bro...baby girl in the red dress on ur new promo is showin' out haha
did yall kill the grover? No after party w/ tax man?
What happens in The Exorcism of Emily Rose ?? I'm watching it alone, scaredd :O
Nix the wine....I'm feeling #nauseous. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
BRING ON PANIC
We also don't have babys
aww :/ don't be lonely! You'll find somebody!! :)
what about all those unpaid internships that do the same work as paid staff?
JUSTIN BIEBER. BIEBERFEVER. BELIEBER. TEAM BIEBER.
Good morning people...grind time
"I refuse to bury the text in the body." Farid Matuk
I agree pandoras box which is made to open so idk why they act like its their choice lol Shelly was sitting good until that lol
I'm still up & bored lol
money is not the root of happiness. & it is impossible to know what demons people are dealing with in their own heads.
What is this "don't have Internet" you speak of? (Sorry, I don't know how to get around that.)
Haha! We shall see buddy
“: OMG! Accelerate to the Cloud in Lido 3001A with an iPad drawing at the end?! Who else is attending?!? #VMwarePEX” <-- I'm there
hold the pen.
Hey Ben!!! How are you?
I never quite understood why some white people try to be black? Why can't people be themselves with their own personalities???
He'll follow you one day. isn't much of a fan follower.
Poverty Is The Root To All Evil!
then we can go on our date!??
We will miss you
Sorry on the late reply. Sales fixed it for me. Thank you
Close the shutters draw the shades, Filter out the everglades , Glistening with evening dew
Dude I had a dream last night,That you made your own scent at Bath&Body Works,& It was called Squidgberry.Best Dream ever lol
thank you for making me laugh! My family is going through a rough time now and we were glad to escape watching SA and HTTYD!
I'm officially tired/bored of packing. ::dramatic sigh::
Today's #EngineersWeek celebrations include a student scavenger hunt and mixer! We are celebrating our #engineering students!
Steve, thanks for the Rts today.
Wade is out of control right now.
Louisville is awesome! Models are on fire...
Looking for #musicians to play for a #cruiseship DM if your interested
I Dont Even Wanna Think About Having To Go Back... Im Not Even Out Yet And Im Already Dreading it!
Completely agree!
There's no such thing as "too much #money" when dresses are concerned. Go for it!
#Obama is looking at this Colombian dancers like... WTF is this?... His face is priceless.
I really, really enjoyed Captain America and not just because of Chris Evan's 4:1 shoulder-to-butt ratio.
Lexy to retire call-in numbers - effective 10/18. Email with questions.
& yes, I would love for you to read my book. DM me your email & I'll send I the prequel novella :)
Yup. You were the unexpected voice I just heard. I totally had it coming.
yeah. luckily my sister, my roommate, Dionne and another friend were there to babysit me while I slept for an hour.
If you actually count them all, the Pens will have played the Flyers 9 times (if we go to game 7) this month.
what are you plans for the holiday and what's your Christmas tradition?
That moment of self-satisfaction when someone retweets you. ^.^
why does monday always come so fast?
Idc I better be getting a call tonight !!!
I just found out there's a rookie draft first THEN a regular draft, so that changes it a bit.
that sounds suspiciously like wedding crashing... Which is a fine and noble thing, indeed.
#quote Oh my god underage kids drinking with out a permit- Homer Simpson
Lights by Ellie Goulding>>> PERFECTION.
JESUS TAKE THE WHEEL!
Thanks for including SG!
Finally boarding my flight from Minneapolis to Wichita!!! A trip that was well worth it!!! Next stop SHOCKER NATION!!
Watching the Mavs... Home safely from the parade.
Saw an Asian girl with the LARGEST ass implants I have EVER seen, almost as big as the smile of the Black dude she was with. #UBoughtThat?
haha yes ma'am! Love you too and shpanks! ;)
Thank you :)
registering for these classes makes me want to kill myself. i hate school more and more everyday.
if you've figured out how to play defense and keep kobe from droppin 23458585859321
TOO BAD HE DID PLAY. Kobe is nothing. You see McGee show him up.? Cuz I sure did.
I saw a guy waiting for the bus without a shirt this morning. Immediately thought of Randy
In this life I am responsible to people not for people cause we all have 2 fulfilled our missions & fully bloomed ourselves from weeds.
Aw i am too. But im playing tonite
Yet another reason to hail the banana. Just when u think you've got the cartoon plot figured out ...
tryin to skpe and i keep cuttin off on her mad as fuck
#alamw12 is in Dallas. It's colder here than I expected.
did you double down at half time?
I love how HubSpot is integrated with Salesforce, says Mat
You can email us at We look forward to hearing from you.
Texas, I bid you adieu. Had my fill. This is not New England. 8-/
I completed my card with "palatable" from Rep. Westrom. Guess I narrowly beat you out.
he said to bring one of his cuetes.. The sig
Can I just say that I love that last retweet...if you knew my recent drama you would understand why
Look for the Cengage Learning booth (#401) at #MLA12!
Has anyone else noticed that it's hardly ever Friday anymore?
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, is the minute you get less than you settled for.
i know my ex use to throw it to me er day
Follow and I will! :) Can't wait.
I think I'm in love with Hayley Williams.
Just saw the coolest casino in my whole life <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
You'll be allowed to copy one word per publication. :)
They do
So tired... Dream mode
Beautiful morning! Ready for a crazy busy day <U+263A>
the interesting statistic for me would be how many of the places where they shop are interacting w/ them on FB
When you accidentally type 'upm' instead of 'up ' and your autocorrect changes it to 'unf'
Thanks, Scott! I added you to my #TeamWahooly List. :) -Benjamin
#tie2011 How is the twitter class doing?
#nowplaying Swim Good - Frank Ocean. #next Take it Off - Ke$ha
just woke up !
LOL at LA teams! Fuckin scrubs
Eager to maximize relo, co-op agents for new home sales? CRM 2.0 has unique features to help; recognized for business-to-consumer focus
you aren't lying. My dogs can instantly change my mood for the better no matter how bad of a mood I'm in
talking about #transmedia - layers of all screens (tv, laptop, mobile, tablet, etc) and product/event (books, shows, movies, etc)
: it's nothin big, just some family stuff
TLON good time to buy!
I wanna watch! >.>
because if the effects are good, they are put in the description as another benefit of the drug. :)
can you make me plastic watch with fake diamonds so I can look like I'm balling on new years.
I can't wait TOO ha
little boy: "can I have a sucker" me: "I ate them all." little boy: "oh" :(
Thanks! Didn't know you can kill the O's by clicking on them. Still prefer using a cloaked Banshee. ;)
Hey guys! I'm playing at the acoustic cafe on may 19th from 7-8:30, hope to see you there! :)
Up early? Cheer on the #FunRun participants! Step off is at 7am at Reverchon Park & Katy Trail #alamw12 Shuttle: DCC or the Sheraton @ 7am
it must have heard your whispered threats.
MasterCard Removes Global Payments From Approved Vendor List - Wall Street Journal
Ryan! Where are you? Did not see you at the Hilton Power Up Energy Expo today :-( Met Benjamin and Daryl
At 6:00 I have plans and those plans are sitting down and watching on YouNow those are the best plans
thanks for the follow! Have a great rest of the week.
I'm def in! All of the above please:)
YW!! Good luck with the Nuvo contest. We voted for you!!
#OscarTweet Just a few hours until
well geez! This is silly! Hope you're enjoying the Louie's!
Hi good morning. Thanks for your tweet !
...soften and improve the skin's texture.
very true!!!
Now they're listening to records produced by David Guetta, Benny Benassi, Afrojack & Diplo on the hip hop / r&b stations
I love my MOM!
I'm sure you two realized that lyric was to be set to the tune of "Wonderwall...." ;-)
Valentine's Brunch 9-12 February 13--Sunday A day of chocolate bliss
Classic RT Listening to that first Game album!!
You guys are amazing and sweet,love you two<U+2665>
what's your favorite nickelodeon tv show?!
Ohh yea!!! Sexy time
wow. Any idea why the top floor's unfinished?
I would see you at lunch ):
I think this is george zimmmermens cell number call and give him a peace of ya mind...u didnt get it.from me :-) lol
Great SD people to follow!
Kobe doin' it again !
Anybody want a peanut?
So Irene was sent by God to punish us for gay marriage, spending, and government failure??? Wow. People are sick. They need therapy ASAP.
Schools should not be ultimately accountable for what young people do on-line. It really belongs to the parents.
gotta work on your score, buddy
Finished 'The Power of Habit: Why We Do What We Do in Life & Business,' by Duhigg. Interesting look at science of habit formation & change.
#hockeyfanproblems “: I can't tell if these guys are fit or not. That bothers me. Tightness somewhere, please.”
RT : Forgot how tedious & surprisingly time consuming it is to knit condoms. Alas #bowl12, there will be only one tonight.
Did the refs intentionally miss the intentional foul a second time?
welker revis is good but welker can out match him
Blown put on 12 & eagle on 15 could cost Tiger the #Masters. He should be sitting at -14 right now
window cleaners. have fun sailing.
RT : Come support me + my art this Sat and have a great time-- Tons of other things to enjoy as well.
lol. Apparently I follow a lot of people living near NYC.
i think it would be fun. will you let me ? please ..
Happy Mother's Day to my followers who are Mommas and to those Dads who do both roles! #respect and
Appreciate That. Dont Be A Stranger. Need Some Entertaining off The Wall Truthful Opinions Just @ Me
Homeschool does not mean being detached from society. It's the opposite.
Im in that new new BITCH GET A SQUEEZY
Chef Jose will be at today from 4-5 pm sampling our coconut marinated chicken wings. Stop by & try some!
haha thanks bro
Thanks Dinner was great (:
When promises get broken, hearts get broken.
Wolf Blitzer trying to maintain...
Faldo: Donald has it all Sir Nick Faldo reckons world number one Luke Donald has everything he needs to end his major drought at Augusta
Dance! I SAID DANCE!
Palm Sunday service was so...logistical today. Thankful for the worship I found singing at a memorial service this afternoon.
#Ginger is effective in relieving motion #sickness and
Oh no! I did?
Celebrated THE YEAR OF THE GIRL yesterday and enjoyed the fashion show of uniforms throughout the years.
whatd you do??
My Twitter Pledge: I will lose one pound for every twitter follower I have.
Congratulations and lots of love to and her lucky guy on your wedding today! xoxo!
Reminders again of how life is so short. Sad to hear the news of a former co-worker who passed away. Prayers for the family and friends.
Good Morning a ti tambien cutie ; )
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. ~Albert Einstein
Recording recording recording tonight
Among the best advice I can give UX designers just starting out? Hone your debate skills.
Hi Wendy! Congrats on winning the ipad! You really pulled the lead!
We have a 4 top open right now, come on by!
Sigh. That one's not working either. My wand must need a tune-up. ;)
false I threw five in your car
Hope you enjoy!
#TheBreakfastBunch= not for kids ahahahahaha I LOVE IT!!!
I hope it stays that way for you!
I helped her make it!
Ha, I did! Thankfully I remembered before I got to Walgreens. So nice of you to join us today lol
The only knowledge that can hurt you is the knowledge you don't have.
I'll go there
why not just eat peanut butter then?
loving the new mix tape
An extensive knowledge and opinion of TV commercials does not impress me. Evaluating the acting in such ads is kinda sad.
That's amazing. I like having a famous husband. : )
hey how's your day :)!?
yea im totally stupid (S)mart (T)alented (U)nique (P)erson (I)n (D)emand yea thx for calling me stupid ur da best
Keeping fingers crossed for Haamlicher Schlemmer- will hear tomorrow if they pick us up!!! Signs are good!!!
"Be not afraid of sudden fear, neither of the desolation of the wicked, when it cometh. For the LORD shall be thy confidence,
You rock Billy! I hope all your 11:11 wishes do too and that you are having a great day!
All u r, experience and achieve will be linked to two powerful forces...your thoughts and words! Get soul and lip control.
You need a contest to be an honorary cul-de-sac crew member for a day. And I should win.
Feelings tend to cloud your judgement.. Thats why I like to stay no strings attached to yall<U+2702>
hey no pick up basketball see all the injures your a football player and a good one stick to what you do best
Thx. It's just getting ridiculous. lol RT : keep at it buddy! You'll forget all about it once you're hired
“: AllState joins companies pulling ads from radio show - ” /
Cabin In The Woods has put me on a horror binge, but I think my landlord now thinks I'm some weird perv from all the screaming he's hearing.
Digging it so far. There is a layout & color where we can have almost an exact replication of our home page.
2 fabulous restaurants, 1 brewery tour and two great friends - a perfect Saturday!
To Do List: 1)Buy a sword 2)Name it Kindness 3)Kill people with Kindness
Super Junior Is Our Inspiration
The downtown Fort Wayne Jimmy Johns is open until 11 p.m. every night there's a TinCaps game! Like TONIGHT!
omg that was so damn disgusting! Makes me wanna be sick!
I would love to see your sites and apps for that class. If only I could organize how to fit in the time! Ha ha.
Chevy Volts sold to date: 2510. No one wants one because they are impractical. Drill, baby, drill.
All this warm weather in Wis. is not good for #icefishing we are losing ice fast. Thinking about going to the mighty Petenwell this weekend
hecks yeah we were!
At the same damn time
Loyalty Club - Now people will be able to donate to SLA from the website. Annual contributors will be recognized in some manner.
Chalmers is a lil bitch!!! Always fuckin wit folks that would lay his ass clean out!!!
Maybe im just not trying to accept the facts!!!
Thanks, sugar!
Trying to take table? Well see.
And even if we never talk again, please remember that I'm forever changed by who your are and what you meant to me.
Some endings r a beginning for some/ 's career began in a wheelchair; Superman's ended in one
I can't think of anyone I'd rather rule nobody with than you, my furry friend ;)
“: What a night this has been....” That's a understatement.
ASU RBI double bring home a run, cuts the FIU lead to 8-6. Wolves have 2 in scoring position and 2 out.
Happy birthday to Carl Delmont!
#DRINKOUTSIDE: Frying Pan The Loreley 79th St Boat Basin Standard Beer Garden Bohemian Beer Garden Pilsener Haus Zeppelin Hall
study time i guess...dont like it but hey
you came close to saying 'no mayor Filner'. (Not asking you to predict though. I'm not gonna.)
Ultimately, mastering the audition means being able to give your all to it without having to receive anything back right away.
just realized I didn't tweet you back!!! We went to Florida! It was super awesome!
Before I run back to bed... Rambo Mary has admitted defeat lol Called off from work...
Crap! Sneezing while my mouth is full of food.
Book suggestion: Polya's How to Solve it.
Love the instant feedback from other #5kin100days participants! Really keeps me motivated. Got a new charger for the shuffle - ready to run!
I miss my perry days as a jitt in middle school rt if u went to perry middle
I wish I wasn't so insecure.
i thought i knew how to play drums, but now i know that i'm just a beginner haha may God bless a lot more :)
it could penetrate. Dangerous enough. It's a veggie tale, but he could explore some caverns
haha I live in Sweden:)
When ii Say "I'm Not Mad" Stop Askin Me Before ii Get Mad -_-
maybe really
Dear Homophobes, Please don't let their gay marriage interrupt your straight divorce. Sincerely, Annoyed
Thanks for the follow! Hope to see you back around soon!
Soriano now in "Dirty Fuentes" territory
Yep, no reddit or wikipedia. What am I supposed to do with my workday? =)
shes a crazy driver im scared to die b4 marriage lmfao
RT so ill... Whats that bungee at? Looks like a winning height/// I think it was 18. Marvin was taking some jumps
#StupidStereotypes That all black people like watermelon
Met wit the bathroom 3x this morning n still not better
i was just looking at your pics crazy
or liked! Whatever you wanna call it(:
I get confused by an avatar that has more than one person in it when one is not obviously the account holder.
I'm thinkin maybe i'll upload a preview from my upcoming mixtape today.. just to give everyone a little taste of what's to come
Spent my entire St Paddy's day on water street... at work. No more working during drinking holidays for me ever again!
Vegas was because I explained the "1"... Thanks Sam Damask
David Ruffin Looked Like Dennis Rodman......
Gonna go beat little kids at connect 4 on
when u bring in the chips everyone's happy.. thats when they all wanna hop on yah wave
"okay my mama said fuck it nigga hit the streets and live"
So excited for Art Basel tomorrow!!! The fact that I'm flying AA and they just filed for bankruptcy is just a minor inconvenience.
In case you were wondering, a clove of garlic placed in the ear canal does not fix an ear ache, though it does ward off vampire ear doctors.
The team would like to send out a big birthday wish to one of our biggest fans
And yes being Irish, I do consider St. Patty's to be a week long event.
You can sub prt of the water for lemon juice to inhibit bacteria. Patch test it in case the lemon is too harsh for ur skin.
haha I'd advise against that...I dated a girl who was a dancer and didn't tell me...a buddy told me...not kosher
Heard on NPR this AM as a city biz source. Nice to hear the white hats with strategy & skill like making news.
#jennikonner says that bad sex scenes in #HBO #Girls are hilarious. Uh, no they arenT. Oscar Wilde, Chris rock are hilarious. Girls,pathetic
LGBT Weekly's Ian Stokell has written a great piece on bullying out Thursday
Susan Partnow~ It is within the families themselves where peace can begin.
the manager just said I'll throw in some free chip since you had to wait for the steak. It was seriously 30 seconds
Is the Tat-20000C (silver ion model) a legit product? I don't see a reference to it on your site. Thanks fo any info!
Boost your metabolism with ganoderma,it doesn't have the drop that caffeine has. Get more info at: www.drblackston.organoderma.com
NEVER ANSWERED MY TEXT , BUT CAN RETWEET ME ON HERE ! #OHHELLNO ! .
Awsome B. Thanks and great review, as always!
owp ill have an british accent awsomeeee:)
Not yet but I've had lots of requests for the class so I started one. I hope to include boylesque in a new show soon, too!
I hate when you can tell a famous persons twitter is not ran by them -.- EX: Eminem......He would never even have a twitter.
Is the phrase "Brand New" considered an insult???
awkward and ew.
Hi Gia! Thanks so much for following our cause! We'll keep you informed. :)
Lots of music, wine, and ping-pong
I love everything about your #AUSTREAM :)
what about us??? Lol
You are an amazing talent and will be a true success in the music industry.
Star Trek? Now why didn't I think of that?
Enjoy Little 5 everyone! Wish I could be there with ya.
If she woulda had my money I woulda been over there... Guess not
#fridayreads: Just 50 pages into ARCADIA by , but the world she's imagined has already wrapped its arms around me.
Listening to freshmen through junior year shows with while on our way to the show reveal. 32 minutes :)
u must be talkin bout lebron lol cuz u already got those
Working def of #foodhubs: biz/org=aggregation, distro, marketing of source-ID #localfood primarily from small/mid to wholesale buyers
What I miss? Why she trying to go HAM?
Why be a bitch all the time?
Good enough for me! Thanks!
Tonight: [FTL] Hoedown w/ best breasts in the west contest [ATL] SINdustry Night- All in the biz employees are on the house
Someone tell me, did Barkley bust a button on that suit or is it made that way?
Do it!
I spent 3 hours outside Best Buy last night and all I got was a $39 Blu-ray player. Never doing that again!!
Scandal in; GCB canceled on ABC
I'm so happy were over
My love is like the glorious sun,/ So high, so strong, so bright,/ It heightens, strengthens, elevates,/ it makes our darkness light! (1855)
prevent "awkward mobile moments" Plan your apps and mobile projects (tricky gestures, confirmation screens, and undo)
I FOLLOWED. please dm Justin for me :)
I'm not sure, I'd be happy to send Anna my answers....
putting together Atl 1st real ny style fashion show art fusion 8/5
Yikes so tired. More work to do, but I think I'll call it a night and start fresh tomorrow. Till 6am twats...I mean tweets...still not right
If this kid tells me what I think he's going to tell me, he's going to ruin an eight year friendship.
Doing some script work before the big audition.
Lesnar "said" he quit just like Batista said he quit 2 years ago. Hm...
Brook, thank you for following me. Glad to be in your network.
Watch out! I'm kind of a big deal!
I can't believe it's the 12th inning of this game
Christmas Eve, and we hope you're in the mood for laughter! Either way, we'll be serving up Jews and Indians and food at COBO!
All time leader in hits and bet on HIS team to win. I'm fine w/ not letting him be apart of a team but #PeteRose deserves the HOF
Very good Shouts & Murmurs by Paul Simms this week.
I have a couple of wireless mice and receivers. Any thoughts on ...
We are at Conshy Bulldogs Lacrosse practice nothing but passing and catching.
I've been writing up some doc. for our dublin core platforms, so people are entering the right things in the right fields
Which ones?!
#free is how we roll -but it will cost you if you're not "in."
What did you think of today's video tip of the week? Vintage jewelry is all the rage right now, and we've got some beautiful items!
whose that?
One can only inform to the recipient's capacity. You can't pour 12oz of water into an 8oz cup. But sometime the cup looks bigger than it is.
WE ARE OFFICIALLY THE BALTIMORE MEDIA ORCHESTRA.
Everyone says im a horrible liar, but i know when im being lied to. Shut up and tell me the truth or we don't need to be friends anymore.
do you have any fresh 2010 press releases to share with us?
that's what it's for!! :)
bring it.
Whatsapp Messenger user?
Just wanted to tweet my gratitude for your existence. Finals week has been bearable thanks to your guys' music.
I love how u flatter me... u always make me blush!!
I'm on a boat
Hanging by the pool, I'm starting to become a huge fan of women in bikinis wearing wedge heels.
Ali Ryerson is going to be in the radio tomorrow night in San Diego!! Will give details as I get them!
Movin' like crazy at work today! Happy to be involved in physical activity all day!
oh #Grammys don't make me cry
Currently listening to new Nujabes.
Sounds NICE!
you're way to kind!
LOL. I haven't heard that one in a while...err...ever...maybe?!
: I'll be out of town that week. Raincheck?
Finalist Graphene Frontiers seeks to produce graphene better faster & cheaper than anyone else on the planet
glad to hear you are still with the greatest team ever #Packers and
Lets just turn up the music and blow these speakers
thanks for the connections, Erin! Have we met? I know the Gratitude crew. Peace love light, ross
One of the best New Girls ever.
I love your picture on here! Your stunning(: Love you(:
oh yeah I know but they all subliminal message that shit. He puts it rite out there.
watching wrestling my good sir
what the hell!? there's an AND a ?
Lmao thats a yes huh (faints then mumbles) I love you ^.^ lol
.. What's really going on?
Charles F. Kettering: Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future.
Mirage. Seeing "Zumanity", checking out 1Oak, Hyde, The Bank, Tao, Wet Republic, and Bare + Tiesto Sunday night.
Bored out of my mind! Monitoring two newbs at work to make sure they learned their shit.
why dont my parents ever shut up
Wat Happened Cookie?
YOUR VOICE is like a combination of fergie & Jesus.-STEPBROTHERS LOL.
love it Bishop
C'mon Aztecs!!! Sold out & havin' fun @ Viejas Arena!!! Last home game!
haha were soo bad at this! :O
Will get back to you ->RT : Blow me? RT : Well? RT : Was just asked if our bacon is Fried or Baked.
I am starting to love this White House more & more. Thanks for supporting equal rights for all Americans, !
Great DC fundraiser!
There's something about the rain. It washes away my fears, shelters my ambitions and reminds me that life is so much bigger than me...
I wasnt here from the start, But im here until the end <3
hey bitches! Lol!
First time in 12 yrs I'm NT @ All Star weekend. ? Am I really missing anything!
Hm -- we will try!!RT: Any chance of releasing your cover of Tighten Up so I can buy it and jam out on my iPod?”
the library is suddenly very empty. is it the 5-8" of snow predicted? #snowbrary weds night
Does anyone have a computer mouse they don't need? Wanna donate it to us? We could really use one in our box office.
Check out our brand new website: postprisonedu.org
My Quote of the Day - "In faith and hope the world will disagree, but all mankind's concern is charity. .", Alexander the Great
now what?
Sitting in hotel in Beijing listening to Jason Mraz sing about SD. Too funny. Missing my wife, my sons & San Diego. Signing out from China!
"I tried stripping but all the coins hitting me hurt too much" Phil at rehearsal.
spotted again by art museum! Same outfit but this time with sweatbands. He is one fit dude.
Time flies when you're having fun.
hey Tiffany do you have a backup account? Please write back. Thanks.(:
Wine gives great pleasure; and every pleasure is of itself a good. It is a good, unless counterbalanced by evil. ~Samual Johnson
Great. I will be there and square.
You are very welcome, and it was an enjoyable shoot. Time to make you famous.
"lindsay i found your twinzy!" -
Yay! It's finally Friday. Enjoy your weekend everyone : )
The sad part is, I will always have time for you, when you have barely enough for me.
ReadSketchRead... I'm a stickler for context
thanks <3 but my cousin whos like my bestest friend ! might talk her parents into wanting to ove there too but she dont want to
Remove hair on your legs, arms, bikini, back and upper lip with #laserhairremoval. Contact 888-LEX-DOCS for more info!
Stainless steel on the outside, not aluminum.
What did your Mom say would happen if you didn't brush your teeth?
off to work it up.
Wassup LG When u coming to the D homie....
gonna be in town tomorrow and need a hook up. You got any?
I'm so f****** hype right now!! I can't tell you how anxious I am for #LiveFromTheUnderground to drop!! June 5th
Just a chill night but I feel lonely and lazy. why?
love me or sue me.
all day errday!
In May. Details coming soon but please be sure to join Facebook for updates. Good Luck!
My daughter said new episode of good luck charlie, victorious, jessi, n ant farm, n ally n austin come daddy we aint gotta go nowhere lol...
Dawgs full strength“: BC on PP”
Stupid instigator.
lol we balance each other out! See you wednesday then! :)
I'm oddly disturbed by companies where none of the founder's business card designs match.
Ice Skates for Kids - Choosing the most effective Glaciers Skates for- ice skates for kids
great feature!
The team
A: Tamara:we use demographic and behavioral info of our influencers to find similar people in the hopes they will be influencers too"
who would YOU like to see me interview? what album should i review? shoot me a tweet or email me at
chill with that lil bro, lol. I'm good & u?
How much of your poem do you have memorized? I will be checking in to be sure you have at least 1/3 memorized by tomorrow.
Don't be upset, not EVERYONE is going to like you.
I could not agree more. I'm training for Dec. 17th 9k marathon.
I'm lucky having you everyday...thank God for give me the best mom of the world..without ur unconditional love I wouldn't be here
You burn more calories sleeping than you do watching television.
so far, great response from customers :))
You guys doing all Billy Wilder films? That could take months and months (can't wait)
"Shit, I failed." "Me too!" HIGH FIVE.
NRT will be printing soon - got behind on prints so it was easier to remove it from the shop until then. Thanks
we're waiting to load-in. You guys around?
I Miss My cousins Already
stop by TONIGHT and get 1/2 off our Pepperoni, Sausage & Pepper or Eggplant & Fennel pizza! Password: INFINITY *Dine in only*
My Old City food ennui is so intense right now.
Thanks to our new sponsors Nevada Arts Council and Silver Sky Group!
Thanks for the follow! Hope you're enjoying #sxsw as much as we are.
Sluts should be called, Humpty Dumpty. First they get humped, and then they get dumped. <U+2665>
What type of beverage would you like Lady?
are you going to be playing a few events? I'm going to be playing all next week!
come to think of it..I'm so over you..good thing for that. (:
DAMN those teenagers sneaking into churches to have sex...!
I'll sing you jingles on your next album. I'm the jingle queen.
Such a good day to be alive!
Ha!! I said mostly nice things about ya anyway, but point taken! Keep up the good work.
Thanks for following me: ,
pop art was a mirror to the post world war 2 excess. affluent americans were able to purchase the art because
Try Design Essentials Mist & Shine Dry Finishing Spray, it is a daily moisturizing spray that adds shine to the hair. All products...
sectionals are so nice! Love them!
Tune in -- Ranking Member Cummings talks about the #GOP budget on @ 3:00 PM EST today.
She use to call me asshole now she drop her ass low.
Happy Easter Everyone! God Bless!
I liked the 4th place couple, but the winners kicked butt! Maybe & I should campaign?
Almost watched that last night, how was it?
almost got in a crazy car accident! thank you Jesus for guarding me !
nevermind........ Sorry boo
Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama :) She is beautiful and so strong <3 Thank you for all you've done for Justin, we love you! Turn To You <3
Designer, JHANE BARNES, in person at J.S. Edwards on Thursday, November 3 at 6 pm to 8:30 pm
it's official I'm sick...sipping tea and brandy
Have to say that Fanta Zero Fruit Punch was today's favorite. Love those machines. Saw one at the Chicago NRA show 2 yrs ago.
The Clippers hv only been in the Playoffs 8 times in 42 YEARS? Jesus. I knew it was bad but I didn't think it was THAT bad. Damn.
I'm 4 whatever God is 4 and I'm against whatever God is against . What he's 4 and what he's against is in the bible. Read it daily 2 know:-)
The only residual checks I'm getting these days are byproducts.
The stress of this semester is really starting to get to me.
Nick, FYI incomparable does not mean short.
that bunker is still being built by patriots wanting a primary to complete. When over I'll craw thru what ever to vote against BHO
I like where your head is it. Is it bad that I actually googled "fake beard stores"?
can you record #goodwife for me? I won't land in time to see it.
WOW. looks like a pimp in his picture. Almost as pimp as me. We could pick up some Wisconsin ass tonight
am i right or am i right
Want to lose weight fast after the birth of your baby? Nurse your newborn. Nursing can burn as much as 700 kCal per day, and it's FREE!
so do many others that are a part of this protest. You can still help digitally :)
I appreciate it.
Cary man throws 1-2 punch teaching teens boxing
You are very easily my favorite blonde singing prostitute cameo from 30 Rock.
BOA bought a few more months of my patronage for how well they handled a stolen card number. Still shopping for a new bank. Suggestions?
Nail in the coffin. OVER. #GoCougs!
Anyway doe.
#Brandreal "will place your brand on right track for building a brand that's memorable & powerful.” on book.
Thx Jen! XoxoRT : happy Mothers Day!!
Follow and get a more depth view into her life!! Let's Go
lol no...poor Barbie doesn't have a seatbelt
thank you tha tha thank s s you
where are you going?!
"The body remembers easily". don't i know it, sister!
I'm not mad at you, I'm just mad at the situation.... That you created.
alrdy im check it out and let u knw wats up
psyched for tomorrow!
Luncheon at Seattle Design Center
SUSHI!!! @ ichiban with
Please let me know when your website is back up! I'd love to take more time to check out your work.
dang! Well I went outside and my <U+2614> blew away!
Do you have anything on problems after the kids are grown? I'm facing that...would love to hear from who already has.
i do not even KNOW what's going on with my tummy, but los tres, it's gonna be a LONG while til' we meet again.
follow her NOW! she is so cute, my bestmate, my gorgeous emma poo <3
who are you? Are you relevant? Do you need the meaning of that word? I know it has more than one syllable.
New project comin soon..The Eviction Notice....early summa!!..follow back 4 mo info. Brewcity what up!!!
i'm good. How are you?
#dirtyjokethursday [Why did the snowman smile?] {Because the snowblower was coming.}
It's National Women's Health Week! What are you doing to get active, eat healthy & avoid unhealthy behaviors? - I'm off to pilates!
HUGE stop by the #Patriots!
unlike you two i dont have one of those fancy instagram accounts
What do you mean by breaks? What happens?
Holy crap!! Wrestlemania is tomorrow!! Been waiting a whole year to see the rock layeth the smack down!
freud saw blades
CB3 goes yard again, Hamilton who?
time to channel those qr skillz!
Its obvious that I don't deal well with rejection.. It always ends like this
AW. Poop. Homeland beat out At least it's a great show.
Oh man standing in front of the bus and blocking traffic on water and Wisconsin, we don't understand your crazy arm gestures.
Washington has requested that Mass. Militia join Continetal troop on the front lines since the army size has shrunk in the last few weeks.
Once again on line with #ATT, worst service in world. Next time I move, will uniquely make sure don't have to depend on them!
no tape. attempting origami wrapping.
Glad I'm not the only one.
Teachers who abuse SM can be disciplined by school unless police intervene.
The sheer #relief of finally getting rid of that one toxic friend. The one who gave you nothing but panic attacks.
I have never watched it!
Having a good day
Preparing for our journalism competition. LA tomorrow.
#Panera coffee and a cinnamon crunch bagel = a good start to the day
In case you're wondering, recordings of today's demos will be available in 2-3 days. We'll email links to registrants and post them here
i love you guyz , u guyz r cute,funny,and a big inspiration u showed me tht doesnt matter how old you r u can achieve anything:)
I'm with you!! I am officially boycotting ALL professional boxing matches!! Mark my words!
Well, um, I don't think so...I mean, it'll happen eventually...but don't worry about it so much.
RT : Yes, it was a Cub who made the play of the game. In small quantities, they can be very helpful.(lol!)
hit me up fool
keep your head up & stay hungry...
Thanks refs. You guys should go get your eyes checked tomorrow morning.
I am thinking strip poker this weekend with the girls!!
i can't wait any longer...i need gmyh. but it will be worth the wait omfg iskebdosmwslkz. <3
Flies spread disease - keep yours zipped.
Life is like a game of chess pick and chose ur next move wisely
What are you doing in your #smallbiz today to build the vision even bigger?
Speaking of which I am hungry as hell
#SAA77 = more critical & discussive than other archaeo conferences. Haven't seen anyone give a talk with zero purpose. Yet.
Hi, another archivist named Meredith who was also a VISTA! We should start a club!
sympathies to #norwegian bretheren and best to your fam... re: wine we are just scouting ahead for visitors :)
Good point. Traitors be damned. :)
To a true innovator. The world wasn't the same when u were here and it won't be now that ur not. RIP Steve Jobs.
's songs are TOO AMAZING to pick #Top5DemiLovatoSongs ! It's impossible <3 x
thanks. I collab with others, so feel free and let me know what's up
when will you be ready?.
Nice job ARod!!
#ThatOnePersonInSchool that literally EVERYBODY hates,
GREAT AMERICAN PIGEON RACE at NOON on August 12th at the Laemmle Sunset 5. FLY OVER!!! DRESS like a pigeon. WIN A FREE DVD
Back in Chicago, 45 minutes sleep under my belt, in bed wanting to sleep but not happening; thinking of yoga but knowing not without rest...
7. "I believe that "Black" is beautiful."
Van in ditch by 145 & 41/45 closing one s-bound lane. hope the ppl are okay, a reminder to be cautious while driving.
I swear. We could've been the stars of beauty and the beast.
I had a dream he was back :'( gosh it felt so real
Dear residents of Abq. Please stop shooting eachother. Thank you.
Great story! And I'm glad they're still collecting. I had way too many offers to be able to pick them up myself.
just in case you forgot, I love you dearly, best friend.
One of these days, Alice. One of these days PATCHOULI! Right in the kisser!
... I thought Google might have that feature through its alerts. I think Yahoo does but I don't want to switch over to Yahoo. Do you know?
I am so hungry right now. This is a worst case scenario.
Finding your way? Find inspiration for your journey!! Your eyes will brighten and cast light ahead of you to see!!
Every title doesn't accurately describe a story , it's up to you to flip through pages and read for yourself !
im about tht life!! bitch just doesnt start her new job til a week after so she lucked out grrr lol
We just had an awesome dinner :) so yummy!
fans pay the salaries so fans can talk.
Well, it's official: KEXX (X103.9)/Phoenix ditches Alternative for a Gen X-style format as "My 103.9."
We will be in New York in Sept. during a few shows will keep everyone posted
are you on my acct ? Lol
Watching Brett Favre start to run away with this one. Love seeing Brett still out there doing his thing.
he waited for me. He's learned patience.
We're going to Australia.
I don't know, maybe I try too hard..
He's baaaaccck! TIGER set to return to golf at the Masters. What are your thoughts? Could he win? Should he have played a tourney fi ...
#CarrieonIdol so tickets go on sale starting May 11th? Thats so soon for a fall tour. I am going to at least 5 shows, i need to save up!
and one Filet "O Fish---"sauce on side"
Why would you even need to ask such a thing?
Asthma attacks can be tamed with meds
lmfao rightt? I just wanted to go cause I want to stay away from my house. :p
Pretty good. I was A-wall over wknd. Homework ...which Im supposed 2 b doin rt now. But over 200 now!
's 3-1 record against your "greatest" in the past 3 years disagrees!
I can't get you off my mind Give me the chance to love you I'll tell you the only reason why Cause you are on my mind (`<U+25BD>´)-s
Got in school suspension today
Just a few more mimutes to get your Thors light tee for only 12 $ www.tshirtcontest.com
The ONLY Heat/Lebron fan on twitter who I respect is
Good morning, hope everyone has a wonderful day. :* <3
Believe in the dream.The mythical bearded hipster will appear to you.
AZ is awesome. I'm sure a little toasty this time of year.
lmao omg we had feathers all over the car too :( lol
hope so - you want some concert tickets?
Too hot out for your comfort? The Maneki Neko say, "Come in Mingei International and chill with us. We're really cool cats."
That might work :)
year 2... success!!! stay tuned for results and website updates!
Wow who stalks u on a social site smdh
The background is black in the ads before Game of Thrones to match the tone of all the sex scenes. Apple likes foreshadowing.
Pat Buchanan just called Dick Cheney the Darth Vader of the Bush Presidency, as a compliment.
Crown build-up worse than root canals. Should have taken today off instead of last Thurs.
your welcome
lol exiled to the east coast, Ha told you
i'm gonna take a pillowcase & fill it full of bars of soap & beat the shit out of you.
Thank you for your dedication to Foster Children!
I will be able to get like Max 4 people in for free at club play when fab.
Oh ya, this completely justifies the war and our involvement in the middle east for the last 10 years
Home home home!!! On my old bus on my way home!! Countryside this weekend!!! Who!!!
great new site! Love the featured video and event updates.
I got u bro.
in need of advil cold & sinus, tissues, hot tea, cough drops, and SLEEP. can't avoid this cold anymore :(
niall does not approve
I still read a lot more than I write here.. that's probably the only thing that hasn't changed since the days
# surprise! RT : Zellers spox says Speaker not avlbl to talk about 'secret' talks with Vikings
I don't think my little brother should call me an idiot for loving Justin Bieber.
thanks dude! Very soon! You'll dig it I promise
get at me for the best tools
Just because I follow you on twitter doesn't mean I want an update every two seconds about your bf or what kind of hoe gear you wear
Lol oh we shall! Very soon :)
Say when, and it's on like Donkey Kong (if it had 2-player co-op).
Oh I have my moments, lol
thanks for following! keep in touch.
Here we go - IU vs KY!
Like stealing baby from a candy.
You know that feeling when you wanna punch someone in the face...
as my daughter says: "yays!"
Hey, if there's anyone in Times Square would you take a photo of the TOUCH TV show mosaic and post it? Thanks!
Thank You for all your kind words! Please stop by the studio someday!
Fisher on Kobe!
I hate spring time some times. Mostly because of the damn roaches.
RT : The Patriots acquire a second round pick from the Saints (56th overall) and a first round pick next year for #28 this year
not anymore lol where is that place at? C:
Goodmorning :) in and hour here comes the funnest part of mt day
Why so many empty seats?
Congrats! -> RT : I was elected president of my school's Teenage Republicans club today.
Thx Mark! Sharing economy + Millennials = very, very cool future.
I am the idiot who forgot to bring a jacket to the game.
Such an epic birthday. Thanks guys!!
Black Paella (with squid ink!) with Prawns and Scallops tonight for dinner... Deliciosa
you had actually already invited me on FB. There are 2 many events on there now! I'll do my best to schedule shift & make it
QotD: Because the truth is, everytime you take a big risk in your life, no matter how it ends up, you’re always glad you took it.
I wish there was a way on twitter to block DMs from everyone.
I think "gettin in my tits" could be pretty funny though when you're talking about being stuffed up. Sneezy boobs. Hah
Why does it always rain during my morning drive????
Offer accepted!! We're buying a house!
finna workout in a few .
we will likely just try to scam sodas. Maybe trade them for booze.
Real friends don't just show up to eat, they'll stand there and get popped by the grease with you.
I preferred it when I worked with it. Moodle is open-source and free so it's both more flexible and less costly.
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. -Ben Franklin
I also find that an impromptu routine to Sweet Home Alabama using a hairbrush microphone will usually do the trick.
doors at 6 I believe
Cinco de Mayo special! Chocolate, candied jalapenos and whipped cream. Good idea before the tequila shots!
Exercise is done against ones wishes and maintained only because the alternative is worse.
Highly recommend Tryp Hotels in Brazil Incredible comfort, courtesy and cost effective Flying back tonight to Miami, my last trip for 2011
You should really go retrieve that suit of yours. You're going to need it. You shall not protest in overalls.
Amen to that. RT : Connie Schultz quoting her mother, "Don't marry him until you see how he treats the waitress."
She is goin to get her diploma and think its the real one
My Boss wins the Martyr of the Year award: "I have to come in. I can't leave my staff in the dark". Umm, isn't that what you normally do?
HEY!!!(: Follow: for #SHOUTOUTS & good tweets(:
#Imagine Michele: "Were you sending (ur name) sexy messages?" Austin: "No." Michele: "Then why did you close it?" Austin:"cos I can.."
woww, you're so good!!!! I know that you ask to RockMafia but here's my opinion ;) keep making covers :D
Excited to be testing our updated site 4 social workers @ & They help us help #cancer patients!
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy
Her love of America was profound, her personal concept of "American Amaranth" was engrained in all her children who served~AMERICAN AMARANTH
The #candy bowl at the research desk has been replenished, as has the plate full of Teddy Grahams.
Found St. Lawrence's church outside York. This monstrous old beauty has a desecrated graveyard and is surrounded by a dense housing estate:(
The mp3 for "down" is now avail for download on iTunes!! Go get it!!
I'm up starting on my work and thinking.. wow
The black keys = musical salvation
#studioquotes “: Don't ask an audio engineer how to treat the clap. #nottheansweryiurelookingfor”
we'll try to help make it happen, then!
Awesome news! I wish you the best of luck whatever you decide.
It is easier to ask for forgiveness than permission. (Except of course when it involves multiple felonies and prison rape comes into play.)
Especially now with Monta Ellis and Udoh. Combined with their already stingy D, the revamped O could help them make a run.
WS G7 tonight, FL/GA tomorrow, Pats/Steelers Sunday.
Hey bro,do you have a contact for production?
My mom is funny! She was like how the Hell u go from a convertible to a suv lol!
Going to see tonight at the House of Blues!
Very cool...Congrats!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
rappin over beats
yeah dude! The fucker was just chillin out like he was invited! Lol!
who ever is using this site to send people trojan worms, so that you can hack their accounts, you better stop. please be advised, that
Fan Fic Documentary seeks fans of all canons.
If you don't end it with "He lives in Brooklyn," why are you even writing a bio?
Wait...Management is gone! *dust cloud & flying papers*
Learning is its own reward. Nothing I can say is better than that. Michael S. Hart.
Elise thanks I needed that quote I miss seeing you on all of us and The hughleys
I love my wife.
Isn't that also why there *is* less media? Fewer people need the media to tell (or hear) those stories?
Well done to the
Corp that support charities, esp those that help families in need, THANK YOU #SWANK n #TJMaxx Let's
same! And well is scared of the thunderstorm and she won't stop talking so I can't go to sleep until she does
Guess its time for bed since she already sleep??
On break at work.... legs hurt, back hurt, & I'm a flirt....
love story? Really?
Tomorrow I'm either dying my hair bleach blonde or really dark brown..hm.
Josh: said SU prepared him for the business aspects of show biz, getting a manager, etc.
In the lab, with a pen and a pad, tryin to get this label off.
thanks for following us! Hope you can make it to our festival this year! Tickets are available on our website at...
I'm a big germ freak. I hate germs.
Most everything that says turns out to be false. I pray for Sgt Bergdahl's release & his captors' destruction.
Hey there Great to meet you. I can definitely appreciate all the hats you wear as a filmmaker.
its 4am.. no ones up so im basically talking to myself on here...
Oh, I understand. Just need to figure out which is which...
whaa really? link or it didn't happen!
It is ridiculous that Ohio State suspended football coach Jim Tressel for only 2 games. I guess all that matters to OSU is you beat Michigan
Watching "Think Like A Man" in a ghetto ass theater and observing the couple in front of me is hilarious.
welcome to twitter!
What new FB friend?
Bunch of crooks
Even though my dads birthday was the 10th we are eating cake today
if i like you, i'll stalk you
I KNEW it was going robe him!
Someone just said im bangable lol
is unhelpful again in locating a lost package...no answers. Unbelievable.
you are really good at guessing!! ;)
Im in that 2 seat lambo with your girl she tryna jerk me.
Will do!
"I'm sorry Dave..." RT : #bbbT Asked Siri the meaning of life: "I don't know why you would ask that question of an animate object"
Good morning Fred Roggin? You have the best sports voice!
Did you ask them to look into for their future ippv's ?
oh you tease!!! Lol so Friday, bay cafe happy hour?! Then Saturday there is something called wine in the woods. Think about itt
annd get on yahoo ill be on in tten
Thanks for following Hun.(:
Tomorrow morning is gonna kick my butt.
RT A4cwsn will give an iPad away to a Military Family at Noon EST on Christmas day
there isn't a student at IUP who wouldn't have saved that third goal. I give him a pass on the second one. Shoulda been dead
Great! RT we started our study on #SunStandStill in life group tonight! Praying for our "Page 23" visions. The BEST is yet to come
Good move for both sides.
CONGRATS JUSTIN !!!! We are young but We can #makeachange , #muchlove , #beliebers (:
my black ass got caught up from a status aint dat bout a bitch
On using vid vs text: If you can send at least 1 video & 1 text article, 1 is likely "speaking their language."
they just answered it for ya lol
Um...is Adele really considered pop? I thought she was more soul.
. made a similar comment in Rhetoric panel's Q&A. MT : [...]Because this is feeling very closed & male.
what up bro. How's things
thx! I had no idea that was there, having looked even earlier today. Perhaps I didn't know "Mobilizer" is a word.
As a UK fan in Dallas, I wanted to say thanks for the article on Mr Wildcat. Very well done and took me back to my roots.
explains things RT he could not play any longer this season with out getting the condition corrected by surgery
Thanx for the holiday shout outs, Be well & do good
Giants select David Wilson rb
that explains all the tornado reports today....hm.
RT : RT : Serious question, were you a Heat fan prior to 2011?
when's Havens next episode!?!?
Silence is bliss. *qua*
precisely the place. How'd you like staying here? I hope you partied in Boulder....
they did this digitally??? Magic!!! Makes sense. He's super scrawny where it's perfect and I love him and I want to marry him.
It's the best kind of snow. :)
nope just the study guides. Yeah it is TOO nasty.
Yes! Meet us for dinner! We'll be there Sat evening.
oatmeal...what a delight. It's the small things...
Sad news out of the New Leaf camp. (See previous RT) But at least they're all in good spirits. And they have a hit on their hands!
KARAOKE WITH MY UNCLE SANG A BETHANY JOY GALEOTTI SONG....WHEN THE STARS GO BLUE...... THANKS BETHANY
Although it's really old .
Love the show so far. I now have a new show to share with my husband. Thanks for being so honest.
its a great day to be a hawk! #classic #4#
wearing a dive mask, preparing for upcoming trip
Dalton and Green can be quite the tandem for a long time, you watch
Looking for some talented people in a Client Engagement type of role. Part Consulting and Part Sales focused on CRM, eCommerce, collaborat…
today was all about upper body..lotsa arm weights whew ;)
LOL RT : BREAKING: I'd like to announce I'm suspending reading anything further about the candidacy of Herman Cain.
Thanks for the follow Matt - and for signing the #crowdfunding petition!
Butter it is - will make reservations there - see you mid May!
New follower. (Shameless groupie!) Enjoy your #SXSW experience next week!
Great Album!
Had a Good Bday!!!!
Immigrants are more likely to be interested in worldclass sports events than TO's hardcore sports fans. Immigrants + Visitors = Success
Man, my back sucks. Cadillac is too small for these road trips. In indiana somewhere catching a break, hour and a half or so to go.
Alex, Glad you are back to keep Ant in line for a while. :)
me to
---thank you, Coach!
Im ready to get my workout in so I can layout all day <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
It is what it is.
You're a skater and a thug?? I did'nt know you could be both
Tried on a lotion that smells horrible!!
at dfw w/sporting kc soccer team; crazy looking dudes w/huge watches on-soccer lol
Statement from family: Dick Clark passed away this morning at the age of 82 following a massive heart attack.
Girls night at Blue with you!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO NICKI MINAJ!!! I LOVE YOU!!!
Most welcome - good content should be shared!
I LOVE the amazing actress Michelle Williams so much! I just think she is one-of-a-kind! :) shes my fav fav fav fav favvvv person!
Farmer & jackson are tough to listen to for more than a few innings. I met them leaving Target Field last year. Nice guys.
ahahahahahahhahaha hell no
Prove it to me.
Omg! I'm crazing krispy kremes and kool-aid!
LOL dang right ... my rice ain't sticky LOL
Our flight has been cancelled. God will make a way.
That is so true because just found out my best friend is a
Can anyone remember where #johntesh played on new years y2k? Can't find it online but remember it was epic
yes! but how? lol
Good news at doctor today! No surgeries to be had! Fibroid exploded and now in the clear. Woot woot!
We will get the latest on Lee Evans during today's AFTERNOON DRIVE @ 2pm ....
MT Ugh. Greenwald and Steve Schmidt on tonight? ... what else is on.. | Obama hater And Token Republican
I knew about Karmin before she even went on SNL.... Am I a hipster yet?
The thick and juicy Nacio Puente will be in your hands soon. Prey for Blessing. Book 4 of The Embellish Saga coming August 2012.
Has anyone seen Herman Cain in the pilgrim hat? ?
My mouth automatically says "shit" when something wrong happens.
No donughts again :/
lol he hugged me twice but i didnt go up to jc cause he was with his friends i just yelled hi (:
Follow some of our new organizing crew: , , & Or meet them tonite at Killingsworth Lucky Lab, 7p.
Our new salad bowls are made of 95% recyclable materials. That's keeping more than 2.5 million pounds of plastic out of landfills.
Also, zombie talent show.
God..love a good road trip. Especially with !! #dollsinacar <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091>
nice view!
10 years from now, we will look back & wonder who decided that standardized test scores were most important thing in education. DianeRavitch
today launched a new handle, geared towards women. Check out for info on their athletes and the gear they love (CL)
is confirmed for Much Ado About Brew: save the date -April 2nd at Jack London Square Oakland. get tix www.kgoradio.com/beer
I heart -- car payment slashed!
Bout to get this shape up, go home pack for an hour take a nap til 7:30 then il b up n ready for the night
thank you for the #ff. I look forward to following!
The chances of Dawn marrying any of them is very low. The little bitch doesnt know who she wants.
RT : RT : <U+200E>"College football is the world's greatest game, there's just nothing like it."
Watch my ass while I'm drunk as fuck
You inspire me--> RT: <U+2729>Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. ~Henry Ford
your welcome:)
Looks like there will be a cleanup on aisle 5.
These are the nights that I even wonder why I bother cheering for the #Bucks. Simply atrocious tonight.
don't ever give up!
Damn didn't know you wanted some, I'm not making more but *cuts mine in half* here you go homie hahah
Heading over to the #emerge2012ASU kickoff.
Heard the 'Call You Maybe' cover of and . Amazing
would also live to see the -- am doing the t&p dance all too soon!
#bcs2012 kudos to for her steel backbone in facilitating a VERY heated discussion of opinionated geeks. You go, girl!
Ohhhhp true lol it can't be worst than Jasmine right ? ;DD
Aww, it'll be awesome! No worries.
Exhibit: Tell People the Story- Gus Potthoff paints to remember his fellow prisoners of war, who built the Burma Thailand Railway during...
I'm quite intrigued with the IMPI Toolbox and wish I was there!
ha ha you just admited you did it
My fashion sense is legendary, I have a real eye, ask anyone
Watching Lady and the Tramp, I really don't get why cats are always portrayed as bad. They're snuggly and fluffy.
IT'S WORTH ITT!
with it!
follow back please?:D
Looks like we are going to #LLO 2012 together. Congrats! Can't wait to see you there.
thanks a bunch man :D
I really hate autocorrect sometimes
Never stop photographing. It is very likely that your best photograph has not yet been captured.
jealous. To top it off did you get to see the cubs blow that lead?
anytime :D
Hey, thanks for sharing our piece.
damn loosing followers... help me out
please follow me? It would make my day<3
There is WMC weekend with Ultra and also The Miami Dade County Fair is going on ... What is everyone doing for the Weekend??
RIP Junior Seau
bro no lie! You really might can this summer if your 100% down
I remember thinking why was Dewayne Wayne SO OBSESSED!
oops shoulda been a text to wife.
Hate them? They probably want to stand up and stretch and/or get away from the halitosis they sat next to.
Success doesn't come to you...you go to it. ~ Marva Collins
thankyou - u honor us greatly
Jan 31: Female Hip Hop Competition - "Daughters of Hip Hop" $1,000 (CASH) Grand Prize! Judged by Grammy Award Winning Producer "ROCKWILDER".
Don't have enough time in your day to read but love reading, check out my microstories in the link to follow and let me know your thoughts.
RT : o yeah! #evaluate!
man Kimbark always tryna get a nigga to work
lol. they weak anyway
I love you
Hope u all had a good day.. dam. Hospital wont let me leave.. lol
lol I get you!
yes he is
Dunno why they didn't just go for the two yards... :-/
I am happy to pass on the info. I live in KC too.
Army men <3 yummy.
omg ! That sucks :/ on break to ! Feel better soon !
I've been to Lipari and Pozzallo, I would agree with that list.
My journey has come to an end, I talked too a lot wise people on this journey. my CONCLUSION iz women hold the biggest grudges ever
Alright term paper... It's me and you.
Easy stallion, just don't want you tired for the Rollout!
Prep ?s on possible book revisions. Try to get specific answers, if possible.
Reclining, bare skin, in the rain. Each drop a caress. Bliss.
I'm a stress blinker... #modern family
the pickle commercial makes me laugh out loud. every time.
I'm working from a coffee shop because I didn't want to be alone. Will join you shortly to eat my wraps.
good question, but no idea what the answer is. perhaps the twittersphere knows? or the googles?
Watching how harry met sally. Never seen the entire movie before
#Heat are going bananas in CRYami. 5 straight wins!!! Wait? Losses? Are you sure? The #Heat lost 5 straight? Doesn't add up!
Don't ever give up on life. Life can be so beautiful, especially after you've spent a lot of time with it. Move up!
Boys are like a box of chocolates; sometimes you have to spit a few out before you get the good one.
yes!!! Happy Sunday indeed
okay :) now I can go back to yelling at my TV!
#LOHANTHONY <3 please i would dir if you gave me a shoutout
Had a great time at #pnwds. Thanks to all the organizers, sponsors, volunteers, and the presenters that brought the awesome content!
thank you for being at #mf2011. I hope you make it to more programs. They've got a lot of great stuff to choose from.
"Integrity" who inspiers you ?
The Playbook of Eli
that picture of austin and romo is just too adorable i cant handle it.
If you go chasing rabbits you know you're going to fall, right?
Who is feelin da heat like I do!
I want to cry.. that makes me so mad... I love my dad and that joke was so uncalled for. Fuck you.
You going to Rush in Indianapolis?
wait, wait, wait.... #TeamGhana?
baaah. i'm bored. and i'm too lazy to do anything entertaining.
Got copies of the new album in the trunk..get at me for a copy!
What does a zen master say at the hot dog stand? "make me one with everything"
you still on fb too ?
RT RT My life is so much cooler now that Sam Elliot has agreed to narrate it.
i hope the people on the lax on plane 703 are alright
miss u too!! Come down w becca!!
Good Tuesday morning, Twitterverse! I hope a good night was had by all and I hope your day is off to a great start!
A peanut fix me sum of dat dick gregory
Up. Coffee, granola, blogs, clean the bedroom. Yes. Also, drinking alone isn't as much fun as it used to be.
What's up, world? How is everybody today?
Sea Otter 2012: Redline&#39;s new carbon fiber frames
“: Soyuz TMA-04M CDR Padalka just radioed that they have a good view of the Space Station. #NASA #ESA”rt
15 mph wind expected blowing out to left-center at Goodman 1 tonight good news for Big 10's power hitters, 90 degree temps a different story
Cats take care of Vandy, Georgia you are next to get run over by the BIG BLUE TRAIN !!!!
Love my team
“: Battier is weak as fuckk!!” Game over
he does have one of the best notary stamper thingies in the United States of Texas.
“: Thank you for the follow!!!” Thank You for following me=) xoxo
#FF Columbia 'treps making it happen
#ihate guys thats y im single
I never heard of that county. lol. I worked in montgimery and lived in bmore. other than that I know pg cty. bc of family.
Nice... I just heard my buddy Easan on KCPR talking about leasing solar.
knocked out from playing with kia all afternoon..
Large gravitational hub that all data goes through. Concentrates. Data..52% of books in physical libraries are never circulated
Bon voyage, Paul! Say hello to the old country & eat some Jacob's cream crackers for me. Had an odd craving for them last night.
Closing in on the guest singer line-up for Queen ...
ok good. Yeah we got back a little bit ago....
that would be so awesome!it was forever ago.haha remember whn y'all came to Wichita falls,TX?
26 on the Orange County/Los Angeles charts on blues. Oh so close to the first page! Thanks so much. If you like us keep spreading the...
Bought my boyfriend's mom flowers & the cutest card ever
At safe house screening can't wait to see Denzel on screen
Thanks for the feature!
I pretended to play trombone in hi school so I could travel to away games. In a big band, no one notices when you fake it.
Having a fever sucks!! But I have my baby to make me feel a little better ;)
After I finished Murakami's 1Q84 last night I actually found myself checking to make sure there isn't a second moon. Nope, still just one.
And besides im pretty sure #oomf doesnt like me
attempts to watch football but just sings show tunes.
what up cool cuz
a sketchwriter is an improviser bent over a desk with a pen wet with inspiration going faster and fas--wow, still sexual.
Great, thanks for all the insight!
yes I am too ;)
This morning, cold outside but I have one track to complete and then on to the mastering ordeal.
COME TO THE UK
love you 2 =]
My daddy's right, just need distance myself from certain people and all there crap. Maybe it'll help.
time to clock in boys! I hope Tebow tries to run. You think the hit on McCoy was hard!
I LOVE Hayley Williams!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><U+2764> Like you guys don't even understand how much! I would prob die if I met her! Seriously..
cuz tht movie go hard in the paint...."just let the storm clouds chase everyone in the place"........im happy agian singing
After this Ap bio final tomorrow morning, the BIGGEST weight will be lifted off my shoulders...
hi i went real site seein 2day but bye ima call u
people stare cuz u r a sexy beast #Duh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
but what now with absence of CLASS Act front end $ contributions?
Thanks you have a Great Voice !
When I started at WBEE in ’94, a fellow by the name of —aka “Big Daddy”—trained me! (Double shift today, Dave?)
I made a million dollars from home by convincing people they could make a million dollars from home and you can too!
Likewise - glad to be working with you and your team. RT you rock. thanks
they'll let you in if it's not sold out
Get backstory for resume. Ask "What gets you jazzed?"
Should I change my profile picture in to a picture of me ???<U+E336>
Had great/fun audition as a lifeguard for 90210! Intern with photographer now, agent night tonight! Great actor day!
are there workshops out there? An environment where we get folks over the bar so they can learn these tools? Anyone doing that?
Wait, why is Rosario Dawson the "official spokesperson for National Trains Day"? The things you learn from LiteFM ...
Does anyone know how to sign up to play Monopoly CityStreets?
Today's class starts at 12;30
rough day today
Check my comments on your YouTube channel.
Only 9 days left in INCOMPLETE PASSES giveaway on Goodreads! Sign up now!
Catching up on alot of my shows
Happy Friday the 13th! Does that mean I need to watch a scary movie tonight? Hmm
Blum holds that religious symbolism and the spiritual damnation of the South enabled the North to initiate & sustain the Civil War
#InOurGeneration we didn't have cell phones or playstations. We had Atari and a corded phone!
If your keeping score... Lavo Brunch 1 million points Dennys ZERO.
COMPUTER WHY Y NO STOP LAGG.
DISLIKE. Twitter needs to disable that #twitterjail option..LOL.
Stay True To Yourself,And Remain Reckless
Man, Conley's stats are way up in the playoffs. Not too shabby.
@ The Magic Game Wit The Big Homie!! Need This W Baby!!!!
Finishing up a score for this awesome commercial. Feels good to branch out.
Thank you. I hope it stirs a new swell of patriotism and a remembrance of those who've served.
Excellent... (does the Mr. Burns finger shuffle).
TWOJ BANK – Article Directory » The Porsche 911 Turbo Is Known ...
Good Luck to JHU Lax tonight vs. Albany. Under the lights on Homewood Field. Great Atmosphere.
going with my girlfriend to get her nose and tongue pierced
Ish gets real when you have to break out fractions.
Is the retired life good for mental cognition? Check out the NY Times article at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
At church... with Monsters.lololol
haha, ops. I sent that right before class anyway!!
Before you get in the game you have to know what a win means to you. How much can you handle losing and still consider yourself winning?
Meeting my little for dinner and a chuck e cheese reunion! So excited!
There are 3 kinds of people: those who can count and those who can't.
Thx to the end of #prohibition we can drink them in plain sight! RT : Sun King, Three Floyd's, Flat 12, Harrison Whiskey
She's a lesbian
Hha hey loser your cousin was here ;D
Thanks for the post + the featured video ;) Glad to see you enjoyed the meadowlark jam
All the good girls are taken...
Linda crafted a gorgeous necklace today -- garnet and antique brass -- what an artist's eye.
Damn me for being so stubborn... Never again will I wear short shorts outside at night...
I know who im gonna give my 3000th tweet to (:
CORRECTION: We are almost ready to reopen for our 2nd anniversary with a brand new bar! Join us Thu night with The Chardon Polka Band!
DJ Nate will be doin it Live all Day
Just when I'm completely depressed by bigotry in the news, comes on my feed to wish me a Happy Grilled Cheese Day. Ah, love.
No one cares about this story anymore it is so old news
never just waiting on my pizza when u coming home
and your brand is on sale this week at Top's!!! Freezer fill up!
cool !! thanx for the follow!!
The 4Th Annual MLK Day Youth Parade-Houston Will Consist Of 18 Marching Bands And 9 Parade Floats. For Info Log Onto www.mlkgrandeparade.org
it's R-E-S-P-E-C-T. I'm grading in how respectfully I treat myself too.:-) got another 8 today.
My brother and I were talking yesterday how gardens are works of art.
How do I submit banners and logos for site owners to use on their sites to show support? Right now it says the site has 0.
“Opportunity follows struggle. It follows effort. It follows hard work. It doesn't come before.”
THE AMERCIAS BEST DJ TOUR NEXT STOP COCO XO FRIDAY NIGHT W/ DJ STICKY BOOTS !! LAST CALL FOR TABLES !!
Can get any club crunk,I seen it for my own eyes
please have a Timmy Ho's for me!?!
Wrestling is the gayest thing in life!!
I wish my eyes could take photos.
I am fine with HTML5 as a mechanism for richer platform agnostic Viewers :-)
On the hunt for BBQ in Bluefield, WV. Anyone?
Some people dont like living near noisy roads, schools or commercial areas. These things affect enjoyment of a home and property value.
All I wanna hear these days are Tim Hecker soundscapes and pre-WWII blues. The sound of ghosts.
Oh good lord, find out where Sarah got it, then. Dang.
Banging bongos in the drum circle
romney is already a danger to the nation every time he opens his LYING mouth, not capable of telling TRUTH!
#KerbeyLane pancakes for dinner. Because I'm grown up and I can.
A few simple tips: Don't promise when you're happy, Don't reply when you're angry, and Don't decide when you're sad.
I've never been exposed to so many puns.
Join us for half price burger night and Happy Hour specials from 4-7pm!
all gifts definitely acknowledged, larger gifts get hand written note and/or phone call.
what was the mssg about Evans computer, Mr Tweerer?
Workin on my night off,so its #LazyWorkFlowMode I'm driving this oil truck like Ice Cube was whippin that 64 in "Today was a good day"
That match was insane!
building a green home in Jamaica this summer and researching designs on natural home building.
HOLY COW!! HOLY SHIT OPENS IN TWO DAYS
"Fluffy people don't do no sprintin'..."
Thx for the follow
Very fun to chat in person. Unlimited characters! MT “: So wonderful when social media and real life collide."
That was one of the most terrifying airplane crashes I've ever seen in any film. Fuck I hate flying.
"Marriage is a relationship between 1 man and 1 woman." -- I agree 100% with that :)
I don't trust anyone who doesn't listen to David Bowie.
Don't just talk at people, listen to what's important to them. Their motivation, their history. Learn about them!
#BieberShouldveWon mouth is still open.... I'm litterally speachless.. Can't believe this!
i love Rihanna ") !
yep so damn happy just there more tests and I'm done for the year
Hi Ya! Absolutely! :o) #ThankYou for the #Follow!
well I don't know much of that background, but if he is moving to avoid paying taxes, that doesn't seem right to me.
and all of them aren't from pittsburg and have never been! Fuck shittsburg
Leaving The Q, My Cavs gota win aganist NY...I couldnt end the night w/o taking her 2 see Think Like a Man so we headed 2 da movies...
THANK YOU for sending me this post. I believe we should protect every Floridian...cutting funds isn't the way!
Promise? I'm free most days ;) x
FACT!!!! ---- Not many people will win the heart of a #Cancer. When a #Cancer picks a lover, it's a special moment..”
I don't always #ff, but when I do, I #ff , ceo extraordinaire.
I see you , I see you.
Coming up 10:45 MST CEO shows how open textbook model detours cost/access roadblocks #eisummit Tweet your q's.
I smell bacon
yeah it was!
So sleepy.
EEK! Nice hit baby <33333333
Come cure that St. Patty's Day hangover at TK! We've got $3 Bloody Marys & Mimosas till 3pm while you catch all the March Madness
Project: #Embroidered apparel www.BNoticed.com
you are most welcome! Congratulations!!!!
#ItGetsMeMadWhen people ignore me..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
need some graphical inspiration? Check out our crazy awesome website and forum www.wearelux.com
Best part of ash Wednesday? Telling everyone of them that they have some dirt on their forehead when I walk by.
just kidding with ya ;)
Yes! I can't wait for the summer~
nothing at wrk bored
Im really liking this
Kudos to you for writing that. It said pretty much what I feel. I wouldn't have the energy to deal w the reaction.
This is truly outrages if this pass's you can bet everyone will be next.
#GreatnessIs making a difference...
will be tomorrow.
I feel like they just slapped together the three stooges movie ... Smh
No matter how deep the hole, you can always climb out.
and twitter?
Durant will get a ring before Lebron ever does.Just my opinion
Eating some cookies 'n cream icecream :)
Finally , Spring Break !
haha dork. Dude, I can't get over this. Like, wow.
youre going to have to up that tweet number...but at least now you have a follower :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SCOTT MENVILLE AND TARA STRONG!
Thank you
it waa super funny.. Just too many black people at the movies .. Couldnt hear half the movie
Terrell Suggs - Ball So Hard University
I probably won't see you. I think were leaving when the hats go up.
Sorry to jump in, but I cannot contain myself. ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME RIGHT NOW?!?! *vomits*
We're now 7 hours and counting from our live #Badgers coverage from Boston on 91.7 FM!
How many Wordpress admins know about the Super Administrator user role?
Congrats Jordan White!!!!! Picked by the New York Jets!!!!!#NorthRidgevilleRangers 1st player from this High School to go pro!
It's not listed on Adobe Digital Editions yet, but the iPad should be able to use it... and library books.
You got that Correct! Ricketts is a Hypocrite!
Nice. Printer that I need today arrives tmrw. Ream of paper for said printer? Will get here today, just as I ordered it!
Just because you've got a bajillion followers doesn't mean you can tell other what to do GET BACK IN YOUR CAGE BISH
Omg everybody threw their tests out for hatzell I don't even remember getting mine I hope I'm not the only one that's gonna fail
It's ok, , no one ever listens to me either. LOL
I want waffles and a dance party in my living room. Right this second.
It's pretty disgusting how people are spamming and self-promoting using the #IranElection tag. They should be ashamed of themselves.
#kickinit is on in a few hours! who is excited?!
ive done EVERYTHING for her and shes done nothing back
Anybody how do you say heartbroken in spanish lol im serious <<3 TeAmo <3>
No problem! Sounds like a roarin' event :)
where the pb cookies at
Hello again. Check out the new additions to what's new by going to my Reverbnation page! XO
Waking up with a "Good morning beautiful" text from someone you like >>>>
Why not do more, be more? Why not extend those limits?
To whoever is drinking at the relay tonight, I hope you get hit by a very, very large bus
This wil be a banner year for crawfish. Who will have the biggest bugs?
yes ik lol do u even know who I am LMFAO
Hi Justin, it's Kim from the Andersonian.
They don't sell espresso at HD last I checked. Maybe a Red Bull?
Great Quote! We featured Ms. Sirleaf in our Children's Gallery this year.
sorry I corrected the link
There's a time for play and a time to get serious.... now would be one of those times go get serious
However! Hopefully that means someone can get off the waitlist!
Awww come on *Beckons you towards*
Jingshen is the Mandarin word for spirit and vivacity
can we plan a get together soon???
Productive discussion about this year's budget this morning. Good exchange of ideas. Can't start planning too early.
She basically sounds like she babbling with conversational intonation if that makes sense.
I want someone to shut up kiss me , lol..
Sardines are a hit with Zoe and Lewis #vetsorder #cats (packed in water)
can u follow me plzz im the one who made u the bday pic and itll make my day awesomer!!
Damn!!": Rise of the gated community. Gated Communities were yellow or green areas, meaning safe and banks invested in them."
hahah yeah i guess so [:
Turn the Internet off for one day… all of the cool kids are doing it.
Chaka X admin, please follow back.
Web Tip of the Day: Take a minute to think about how easy the text on your site is to read.
Who are Accounts? I've only heard of Creatives. Haha. :) RT Creatives and Accounts butting heads? Never!
lol awww thanks. I hope its a good one
don't spend it all in one place
I use to love her
What a Party it was on Saturday. Rock the shit out of
149 days till summer
Highlight of my day: I just a saw a little geese family. They has two little babies (: awe
RT : Diamondbacks end skid, defeat Giants 5-1 in series opener at Chase Field.
Ready to make Jesus famous tonight at a battle of the bands at South Paulding high school! see ya there!
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 25
"The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him/her to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently."
DRAKE playlis on blast man summ old songss make me remember why he so dope <3
Ah Shoot! Let's do it
Haha... Back where it belongs!
Watching ABDC forgot to yesterday :p
Today is the last day to enter My Baby Pajamas April Freebie Friday. You have until midnight PST. Good luck to everyone!!
new 30sec drinking game: watch olive garden commercial. drink whenever a group of people laughs. get you fucked up good.
Thanks for the RT
you too Bill:)
"A boy's sleepy voice is seriously the sexiest thing ever." Why do you think I call you every morning! :)
Gonna make a PowerPoint presentation as the final means to persuade my parents into moving back to California.
it is a interesting beer for sure.....but for me, you can only knock back one or two...no more. Again, really interesting..
Taking in 2 little water or losing 2 much water leads to dehydration. Brittle hair no matter what u do 2 it? Need more water.
I need more creative projects & growth-inspiring life challenges. Maybe a change of scenery? Thoughts on thoughts on thoughts.
awwe I love you !
During the BECKHAM commercials, mostly.
- I'm addicted to this shit
Just my luck, I'm on North Capitol & President Obama just passed by.
And thanks for alerting me to Sam. He's a cool guy to follow.
#jhuAAM will be there! Can't wait to meet more JHUers
Nothing could put me in a better mood than this a Rocky marathon on amc right now. So pumped and ready to rage.
and there's the oscar mayer wienermobile, lots of love to Mr. Stevens :)
i hat you -.- everyone follows you. All i have is Austin, Peyton, Sarah, and Madison
Sorry I missed the #LitChat today. Bet it was an amazing session. Have a good weekend.
RT : I got tears... Don't judge. RT : Musical performance of the night was the Willie Nelson Chipotle ad
Back in the day.(':
i took nyquil last night and i got me like an extra 30 minutes
Thanks for links, y'all.
I'd have to kill you if you were a zombie. What you going to school for?
going to the mall cant wait :D
RT Just launched, rehabretaildesign.com - thanks 2 Steve Kosaka as design and Dan Robert as co-dev. Good luck 2 REHAB. Go gettem!
hey flow me?? ejeje me sigues :))
I can't wait for #F1 to get going this weekend. There is just nothing else that happens in March
Thank God for the pause button. Yes, He was sitting up there going,"Me damn, if I could only pause this SoB."
Oklahoma was better when they had Blake Griffin...and Taylor, too.
thanks so much for coming out! it was great seeing you
Thank you for showing your support! RT Thank you for the awesome evening. I was so exited to get your latest issue. Thank you!
Glad that traffic on my way to work today isn't too bad
Sure, prebuilt themes work for a majority of people, how about when you want to actually stand out from the crowd?
You need to go out. Lot's of awesome restaurants in the area. Ohio and Kentucky side.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY...to all the single gals, married gals, lesbian gals, and so on.
#Marley on his deathbed returned to the Christian faith of his youth. he'd probably regret that he became the poster child of
u can have mine
Geez, I don't think I can wait till summer to watch Season 3, Monday nights are going to be the worst.
Happiness is not a fortresses that may be sieged.. Peace is only obtainable from within
With the 163rd pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Angel Pagan
Enjoy your Tuesday evening
That iPhone commercial with Zooey Deschanel is ridiculous. "I don't want to put on real shoes." Oh, but 7 layers of makeup is fine?
Thanks to everyone who came out to hear our story at last night's #smckc event. Enjoyed meeting everyone & hearing your great questions.
Trying to figure out why I brought a banana with me for breakfast instead of the chocolate-peanut butter cups sitting at home... hm..
“: can't understand a joke!! Hahaha the itouch is small now that you'd mention it! O.o” PERV INDEED
Congrats to Dan Duquette on his Orioles GM role. We're thankful for his amateur Baseball contributions in Boston the last few years.
FriEND BoyfriEND GirlfriEND They all end in END... FamILY ILY - I love you Family = WINNER! :) <3
I don't know. I sort of like him, though.
A1: can't forget -- does a great job with both #sportsbiz + SM & is a best practice of how to activate w/brands
I love the movie Boiler Room
Waiting for my flight to Columbus. Cant wait to see Barry Manilow tomorrow night!
so today i was saying your mom to stuff, and this gurl said who uses lotion? and i waslikenotyourmom, she started crying cuz her mom is dead
My life consists of eating sleeping and tweeting .
He likes me
oh yeah diddle randy!! (:
hay. Follow me <3
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst! His work is absolutely superb!
"Watching football is like watching pornography. There's plenty of action, and I can't take my eyes off it, but when it's over, I wonder wh
You guys should come to Kentucky. Nothing but MINDLESS LOVE down here
Thank you for the retweet! You are definitely sweet!
Staats owned a lot of Albany real estate. Philip Schuyler owned Staats' 1667 house. .
nothing to do....
500 FREE Business Cards at www.NYCPRINTDIRECT.com
A three-month-old baby gorilla takes its first shaky steps at London Zoo. visit www.tncnews.com click on Video News
Don't look now, but you-know-who is following you. Hope you and Andrew are well!
as the beer arrives at #csw4 let me remind attendees that is ready for you!
i miss talking to you <|3 notice me again? it's been about 2 weeks..
it would be so awesome if they actually did it!!^.^
chillin out working on stuff for the band
Combined ERA of 22.50 tonight, looking sharp, you dicks!!!
Nothing like being next to a bonafied creeper for 4 hours.
Does anyone have a imac laptop charger?
We've changed our name from - follow us here as we're going to be use this new The Great Online account!
~so true.
Oh my God - slipping away oh my gosh<U+2665>.<U+2665>
Collaboration w/ Brooks Museum & Dixon is SO impressive! "A Very Impressionistic Summer" has national publicity.Info @ impressmemphis.org.
hacking in the LES, LAMF. Cold pints and classic 70s NYC punk rock.
Anyone else notice the technology in #MenInBlack is more advanced in the past than it is in the future?
Hey! Make sure to follow my othere account tayla_blake !
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 21
Really enjoying the panel "Marketing the Arts to Death" - messages have to change to create results!!!
Thank you, ma'am =)
..to be opened & receptive to what is preached.
Fuck endless bus rides #athlete problems
Breakfast, Bloodies, Beach. Just another day in paradise.
We are all set for #JingleInJuly on Saturday (2-4:00pm), Going to be a great time! Come and get 10% off- VIPs get 20%!
Ewww, John Mayer seriously needs to reconsider his Grammy look...
Is tomorrow only Thursday? These weeks are getting slower and slower.
Just bought National Lampoon's Vacation on Blu-ray. WORTH IT
NEW ALBUM ALMOST DONE! MIX MIX MIX! Name and Art coming soon!
Love is the joy of the good, the wonder of the wise, the amazement of the Gods.
Damn Wade missed the easiest layup of all times lol
I'm down what time u know im coming
lmao yeah you would've enjoyed it if you weren't a nerd :p
this ones getting ugly, Red Wolves up 75-50, couldn't think of a better way to start the meat of the conference season 930whon.com tune in
Just saw a sign... "Killing 2 birds with one Jones". LOL.
Long hair, don't care
When you follow your bliss, doors will open where there were none. Joseph Campbell
Just Trying to Get El Pinche De Nicholicious To Follow Me Haha
I have no idea. You would think clips would be on a track meet n push it.
yeah, unfortunately I tried that. But she doesn't have or really use computers. Makes it tough, can't read minds yet.
I'm so bored right now
thoujght i saw you tweet eaarlier that you were trying a French beer for 1st time
RT : Construction workers are so hot
Haha! Yes, you did!
funny you should mention drinks... Having some ice wine right now.
#AskScandal this is my favorite show !! this show is #scandal ous!!
Obama is on jimmy fallon tonight, should be interesting.
Yea now the rest of the team has to step it up. I still think we can make a good run with the players we have though.
Is this true? "The Bridges of Madison County is 50 Shades of Grey without S&M."
RT :snowstorm gonna b so epic Charlton Heston's dead body going 2 rise frm the grave-hope he leaves gun in the grave
Thanks! Good to meet you too, best wishes with SECRETS
hey! I know. Let's plan our skype date. And Liyen is coming to visit me that weekend in Milwaukee.
I know, something must be wrong with the system... haha thanks for the vote!
Excellent banditing piece. See you at the Chicago Marathon (my first). I'll be the guy with the Walking Dead gait.
Operation Patriot at Charlotte Beach look amazing with 343 flags. Cold Cross Creek starts around 2!!!!
the amount of pictures that me and send to each other in our conversations>>>>>
Making magnificent music is much more important than yard apes. (I'm just kidding)
Guys, follow this for me . I'll be following everyone who follows her. Im checking :)
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 8
"Don't use the purple ones bro! My dick is still on fire!" ---- the brother of my lover, after using Trojans fire & ice condoms on me.
Easy - Peyton's Denver debut.
Second time at Whole Foods Pasadena today. It's like I live here. (I recommend heading straight to bar for $1 Firestone)
The food channel has innovative programing for fun and easy meals. FOLLOW ALONG WITH ME Paula Deen
Wow - it is not often I see someone quoting Carlos Castaneda - impressive.
NYC is great, thanks! Paid a visit to Topshop and Uniqlo today. :)
I don't even talk about school or grades with my parents so what in the hell makes you think I wanna talk about it with you.
You ready for the playoffs? Bulls are taking the East, I can feel it.
RT Once in a rare while, somebody comes along who doesnt just raise the bar, they create an entirely new standard of measurement. RIP
See The Beatles "Love" Cirque du Soleil show at The Mirage if you haven't already. Have fun in Vegas!
sha-la-la-la sha-la-la-la-la (howling at the moon - ramones)
just starting _The Perfect Spy_ and liking it so far.
Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Enjoy life to the maximum possibility, and battle for your wishes.
BTW Thanks too the people that atleast tries to help me get a follow from !!!!!!!!
heyy(; how are you?
Have a great weekend yourself. Good to see you in the stream from time to time, my friend!
and I are giving the coffee at the #Appleton Airport two big thumbs down. Off to
word 150k: 'shifted'. good lord, here i am, 3 #nanowrimo's deep, and i'm still going at it. what a stupidly awesome journey this has been.
me too, I can't wait for it :) how old r u and where r u from?
RT and I wonder how much could that $119m digitise and rights clear for future generations?
Thanks so much for updating on the latest developments surrounding the OH school shooting.
^ The mind has great influence over the body, and maladies often have their origin there. ~Moliere
Well we did it! 3000 likes on Facebook! Thank you everyone! Let's see we promised you all something...look for it soon!
Come swap clothes and dance to soul from now til 8
Seriously. Too many ppl lose sight of the real meaning of V-day! MT Let's remember what this day is really about. CHOCOLATE.
i guess u can bring shady ass wit u lol!!
would you please email me and I will email you the GAEA presentation. Tx!
thinking about setting up camp in JMC 320. I'll face the music: I live here.
A new way needs to develop that reminds us how precious life is.
Where Quality is not only alive & well...but THRIVING...
Landed my tix for #Phish at on August 22nd via the presale lottery. Call it re-establishing credibility with my inner child.
Now that is #winning, do you think will re-release Men at Work?
2m very rich subscribers. It's about the demographic.
That's true RT : Culture is bigger than the game tho...
my stomach is growling like an angry bear. this class needs to be over
Also interesting: Whenever I explain this to US sociologists, they accept my claim without argument...
Last prizes: 2 lucky winners will each get a $100 gift certificate to !
My favorite part of this game is Jimmy Rollins' at-bats; he walks out to Drake's "The Motto" and I dance in my chair!
hmm Pretty hot & tempting ;)
Ha, blocked by ? Surely deserved, but i don't even remember that one.
R u making an appearance? (Chicago)
Thanks Curt...you are the man!
Heh, I remember seeing those at the end of the semester. The areas around the trash cans will make you think it's Christmas!
Absolutely, man! I've been reading up on the walk-thru you posted -- good stuff!
Yet and still, I insist.
Just added to #WFX2012 Truss aluminium factory a.s.
I would expect a much different effort tonight from Lakers not named Kobe Bryant
Back from a week long vacation; I will get back to those who sent me messages while I was out of the country.
Hanna Montana down my pants.....
Yeah buddy~! I'll have something to do with my life then..~ wow that sounds soo creepy.
That lady is washing the tables with a hose.
If we get 15 more likes tonight, Kate will post a new song :)
ESPECIALLY after she said, "There's something wrong with you two" !!!
How about having U.S. Senator David Vitter (Republican) preside on Senate committee hearings of the secret service. He knows all about hoes.
Awww he soo adorable! he got your eyes as well! Congrats to you Mike! you'll make a great Mom! =D
No, sorry, the header photo isn't actually one of mine--it came embedded as part of the theme template I used on my site.
A great idea with no execution is essentially rubbish. Make it happen and keep the vision alive people.
Best tip in our opinion! RT : Twin Anchors Ribs RT : In Chicago for 1 night w/wife. Recommendations?
apple hardware not necessarily the bees knees
Seriously... This 2 hour drive is killer.
Ww cannot end poverty by running poor out of Miami! Regalado
whatcha doing up this way? Are you still here?
by : Off to the Garden for the #celtics home opener. Let keep it rolling boys!
No shoes, no shirt , no circus
kickin it man! Have to get those dance moves down asap!
Nearly 50% of Xbox LIVE members in the U.S. login to Xbox LIVE Marketplace every time they turn on their Xbox.
hugs shouldn't hurt.
That's how I stay outa trouble iguess
The Official Nighthawks After Game Party will be held at Quaker Steak & Lube in CB, IA. Drink specials for all Nighthawks fans. Players too!
much thanks! Look for a DM...
Thanks for the kind words!
IM A YOBI SING WINNER!! TAKING THE STAGE IN THE WEB SERIES!
How A Private Data Market Could Ruin Facebook The growing interest in a market for personal data that shares profits with the indivi
#Orr_Hotsprings, here I come!!!
Not value-monism, legal monism (so to speak). & BHL _not_ just watering down the _non-law_ elements, either!
And the finalists are... Emmet Cohen, Josh White and Kris Bowers. You were right about Pascal Le Boeuf!
Taking the dog to the groomers
when a person doing good for they self theirs always niggaz hating smh!
Everyone go check out work done by they do all our work and its fantastic.
On now on we vs A. Smith ...the rivalry begins...NOW!!
It is! RT : Heard the women surrealist exhibition is a must see.
Congrats! We gotta do lunch sometime.
Also a 3 party contract the two of you and the state, the state having controlling interest of all products of the marriage
thnxx for the follow!
way to go!
College football's bowl games are officially locked in for the new season. The schedule showcases 35 games in 24 days this bowl season.
Everyone at work is CRABBY! It’s been really hard to stay positive. I want to do something to brighten everyone’s sullen mood.
After this 11 am final your boy is hitting the nap up hard haha
My wish is one day that WOULD TWEET ME OR ATLEAST RT ME(: but I know he Will NEVER SEE this... :(
This Twitter will be hibernating for the winter. Want to chat? Find us at
j.r. Smith is gonna help the knicks out so much
Healthy breakfast! Love it :) Did you get the BOGO 6" deal?
Not to worry...I'm neither assuming nor egotistical.
I wonder if Barbasol has a shave gel that can penetrate BOB's chin faultline?
Good money spent my friend. Looking good.
Egads, writing a story on telecom solutions and electricity keeps going off. Guess we're in a brownout in Dallas area.
haha don't you know that pays my exorbitant salary and high standard of living?
Knock KnockWho's there !Bun !Bun who ?Bun-nies make lovely pets !
yea I was FUCCKKEEEDDD UP hahaha....work and just a new life bro I wanted to experience new shit
lol u dumbass why u never call me slut
Looking for something to do this beautiful day? Celebrate the coming of spring by seeing the fantastic #springtides with !
Was delighted with your work on Flong and pleased to learn about your existence as well. Keep up the good work.
I will <3
love your profile description!
orioles = not for real.
my favorite things about sex is watching my girls boobs move around like Jello. Left & right, up & down, to & fro all the live long day!
RT : Someone who is nice to you & not nice to waiter (parking attendant, bellman, flight attendant, etc) isnt a very nice person.
your welcome !
ugh, I'm not sure if I like either one! I use this for mainly professional stuff but it's better than the egomaniacs on fb
Thank U Cerris..only good things 4 us all!
thank you.
If you live in the 75th Assembly District your legislator skipped work...again.
Whoa. Super embarassed. :(
Some fuckwit who even the WSox let go...
made my easter
is dancing around in her new 5" Michael Kors orange ostrich wedges w/ the cat Stella to Jason Derulo/Breathing = Sarsinlove
As L&D Professionals we have to move from getting it to getting it done! Lets get it done! John Kao
But honestly, it wasn't a fun game to watch. Suckage in HD is still suckage.
According to 'A stay at home mom never worked a day in her life...'
Mothers day is coming and its going to be s very sad one, wish I could spend it with my mom so that her pain isnt as great
Happy birthday and happy holidays
The Causeway, near to the world's longest bridge stretches about 24 miles connecting Metairie, the city's largest suburb, to the...
Goal from Aurelien!!
Haha Was actually just making plans to see it tomorrow w/my parents. And then one final time in Imax/3d sometime next wk.
Keep your dogs away from chocolate. It almost killed my Cocker Spaniel last night. Good decision to give her hydrogen peroxide & get to ER!
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: The York - Pub (live updates)
I'd be interested if I qualify, which I might not.
first they love me and then they hate me,now they love me again ...smh
and who dream more than others think it's practical.
DID U HEAR THAT IT WAS THUNDER!!!!!!! STICKING IT TO THE LAKER.....KAAAAAABBBBBBBBOOOOMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!
Downtown Jacksonville exploring
OMG could we be going to overtime #MISLChampionship??
Soul Coughing sounding great on KCSN right now while driving on Sunset A band that got away!!!
Wide awake....
weed is always tasty;) #420 queen
waddup wit u
Kara's still one of the prettiest girls in school !
DId you open it?
so sad that there releasing Coach Caldwell! He's so gunna be missed!!
Just got my tickets for the Cubs/Sox game on Tuesday! Hopefully the Sox win a few in Arizona and sweep the Cubs! Always hope! LOL
you were taught well.
Shuttle service (sponsored by ) today runs from 7:30am - 1pm. See pg25 of #alamw12 Program for details.
hey! Our twitter got shut down this week! We still have our individuals and facebook. Twitter will be back soon!
There've been an awful lot of #Tornados lately, but don't worry, Republicans say there's no such thing as #Climate Change.
thinks fan palms are beautiful. Absolutely gorgeous
Really? 6' exactly is not longer tall, so there should be lots of men taller than you. My mom was 5'11" ...
I'd like to think that I was somehow deeply influenced by Jello Biafra without having any idea of who he was.
What is the name of the software David is demoing?
follow me
I'll take a 3 run knock please.
Welcome to a Friday. We'll be giving tickets away to Lewis Black in the 8 am hour.
Engaging youth with HO MA GO: hanging out, messing around, and geeking out.
Okay going to watch my movie! Peace
OMG LOOK SHANE!! #ShaneDawsonSaturday is trending!!! GET IT!!
I'm here to paint the world ..
Thanks a lot!
listening to country & the rain >>>>
Just here to make the world and my 68 followers happy babe!
Hey, thanks for the shout out :]
me to!!!!! My favorite! Lol!
Musing lots around public communal spaces, collaboration, art colonies, urban interventions, 4th-quadrant networks (ala )
“If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten.” ~Tony Robbins
haha of course!
Finally getting an education. Heh.
He has created a monster.
Okay Acura NSX ad was pretty good...
Congrats to and the Mrs.! Prolific tweeter and now a proud poppa!
what specific tools do you use to show how many eyeballs saw a tweet? Tv has Nielsen.
RT : Driving to Heathrow, Somali taxi driver asked if I know in Pakistan. Now that's global fame!
He's amazing! I have the whole season of "Freaks and Geeks" on reserve from Netflix. Old school James Franco!!!
Anyone need a pick-me-up this afternoon? Stop by our studio and grab a fresh #coffee - we can do lattes, americanos, etc!
Pro tip: fellas, wearing a pink button down is a sure fire way to guarantee that it will be the only pink you see that night
just a little bit... ;)
What a wonderful, albeit cold day. New study plan is to dive into Risk Management, dealing with Project Managment...always something new t…
oh... uhhhm yea dont worry bout it. i gotta get some work done right now n dunno when ima get done
Found out one of my regulars at the Writing Center is from Kazakhstan. I love this school sometimes.
Hey dude. How are you? Long time no hear.
trying to get onto to the handheld conference website-nothing doing--glad they took my credit card number--got timed out and nothing since
Breaking news: kashi nuggets replace grapenuts as part of my daily breakfast.
Hey , might want to rewrite your FB ad: "Calling all Apple fans! Like us & register for a chance to win any tablet (up to $500)
Come home!
The #Nebraska coach looks like he needs a beer or two.
Could he not have commented when he was asked to for the original story?
Thanks buddy, let's catch up when I return.
Well awe shucks, you're making me blush! ;)
Shout out 2 spliff Wayne and the firestation fam for holding me down!!
Casablanca is ... well, a Moroccan version of say .. Detroit circa 1992. I like it; just be aware.
Merry Christmas, wish you the best for the new year.
is nearly sold out and it's weeks away! 62 tickets left...giddy up & register... and I'm talking to you!
u back in KC?
Goodbye August and hello September, the month you could have your concept developed into a great screenplay.
what type of costume
Serving Metro Indianapolis, IN and surrounding counties.
who said that????
New updates to our website: Direct menu to our online Helpdesk. Account History for clients under Support Pricing. Enjoy the convenience!!!
When it rain/snows heavily I see a lot of *tar roofer* companies in the 'hood. Not me! I went with here in ABQ!
Treasure to you! Mby he will come in London! (: Ohh..I'm form Bosnia... :(
When you been texting somebody all day then they just stop.
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset When I leave alot of room for somebody to pass and they still manage to brush up on me hard.
let me see the world behind your eyes
Good Morning friends, after you come down to the poker room and finish qualifying for tomorrows $2500 freeroll what's left on our agenda ?
When you go, I'm going too!
play hard to get? :)
Ready to watch the big fight tonight...Lakers vs. Thunder
That's the best thing you ever tweeted
praise the Lort for that!
Love the rain!!
Hahaha Cubs walk off AGAIN!
Friendship isn’t about being inseparable, it’s about being separated, and knowing nothing will change. <3
Up since 7 am designing sets for my final project: Scott Pilgrim vs. the World: The Musical. Wish it could actually get made. It's legit.
The weekend really needs to hurry its ass up
yep, understood. I am pushing for it. Thanks!
Thank You!!!
Huh, wasn't the world supposed to end? I didn't notice till I checked my inbox saying, 2012.
Stop the world - I want to get off.
Exciting news for City of Westfield with signing of expansion at Barnes Airport. ..New Gulfstream 650 high in demand!
That sound you hear is the test that I just took screaming for mercy.
Wait for u to walk? I'm assuming you are beat
#seniorconfessionhour i hate WM but I will miss certain things about it... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Let us take a look for you!
Thanks for the retweet-you are a winner! I just need your address and I'll send the flash drive out right away!
I wa one of ur true friends but u sure screwed that up because u have to talk about everyone u know with that big mouth and that's why u
Yay lifelong learning. RT : Don't be afraid to learn. Knowledge is weightless, a treasure you can always carry easily.
The schedule for Young Dems Day at the Legislature has been posted, check it out Young Dems Day at Legislature
It's not always easy and sometimes life can be deceiving but I'll tell you one thing, it's so much better when we're together. #jackjohnson<U+2764>
I was wondering can u email me your phone number so we can talk bout it.
this is why i learned to bake bread and soon brew beer. i want to be mr. popular in the apocalypse.
Staying up until 12am to say happy birthday to my 2 beautiful best friends <3
Click's is the place to be tonight! Drinking pool, shooting beer lol
Emb moment-as #slp2b, asked adult pt to put food in own mouth for bedside swallow eval. Missed in the chart-couldnt move arms.
I tweet it because I believe it. U r the real deal. C u Monday...EARLY! game on. : let em kno steve!!
ppppppppppppppppppttttttttbbbbppptttttt (((((right in your ear!))))
at a groceries store with my lil Sis and lil bro
my bad... kettle popcorn
Hope my dear slept well. One more day at Ollies and then I get to wash my hair and relax :)
yep that monster will get u going thats for sure!!!!!
Thanks for following, Kim!
#NotreDame #football enough said
agree! What's next on the big board to cross off the list? Museums, audience & the future...it's more than a work in progress.
Oh yes, very much the same.
Nice little W there rangers! Now let's go 'yotes!
Mike, the only report from AAU watchers on fans I want is the number of times you hear "do him"! All else is irrelevant. Lol
Gotta get your mind right.. Takes a lot of preparation to reach your destination!! ;-)
Of course Jobs was pissed at Google. Who can respect a company that blatantly, unoriginally, steals and copies your product?
Interview time! More like, they're telling me I have the job. Hell yes! Wish me the best!!!
Happy Birthday ot me(:
Wheres global warming when you need it?# freezing
Please spresad the word - thanks !
Buck up little camper!
hopefully we will get to see that.
How come you never get on twitter you fag
Its weird to think that everyone u will ever see has their own story from the day they were born and they are the only person to know it
your thoughts please....edmodo good for literature circles?
About to sing Happy Birthday to Julie Bowen from #Modern Family. With
Xerox ads say they are managing Virgin America's call centers - so, are they responsible for Virgin's poor call waiting times?
no wonder i am a popsicle this morning. turning up the heat but not turning it on produces no warmth apparently.
Teenage girls imitating gay man's sassy strut behind his back.
Yes, I may have shed a tear (or three) during the final scene of Downton Abbey, season 2. Ladies, you know what I'm talkin about.
hey thanks hope you come see DETROPIA which just MAY make it to silverdocs this year : )
Wow!! it took me 2 months to remember my password! lol
I'll be live tweeting from as I trolley in + cover the #Seau celebration at Qualcomm. Tune in around 4.
these #What2ChainzWouldSay tweets >
Analogy: Does an administrator at a Catholic hospital have to be a Catholic, or can he just be a good hospital administrator?
The show is 3WEEKS away from today!!!
it's ok I'll teach u
#Sag must discuss their thoughts. They find the opinion of others important, but they have problems heeding others advise. !!!
Lunch at Cooper in West End with and then some shopping! Great Saturday!
Nah haha I dnt like spanish
Just so we're clear here, I should've probably been invited
this is hilarious!! :-D
I saw some dude at my work yesterday wearing a D-Backs Nike Hypercool dri-fit undershirt...as a regular shirt LOL
Not finding it on the website, was it this weekend or next weekend the Red Line was having construction done?
Finished a good workout session now gonna get something to eat than back at it !
"im gonna tell the cops theres a crazy chick in a pink dress snatchin' up babies"
OUTspoken Radio LIVE Tonight on LATalkRadio.com!! Channel 2!
That awkward moment when Jake Sully mates with the leader of Na'vi's woman.
I treat my body well everyday- I do some form of exercise each day. It keeps you young. I plan to live past 100 y.o. What about you?
I pledged allegiance "to the republic for witches stand" until third grade.
RT This weather right now >>>>> yess!
just remember bro. There's got to be a better place than this bro. That's where he's at
Help! This vegetarian editor is putting together a list of the best beef burgers in Westwood-CC. Any ideas...?
Looks like it! It's a real double whammy.
“There must be more to life than having everything.” ~ Maurice Sendak
It's Lost Tuesday! Join us for one of our 80 Whiskeys, some great food and Lost! Starting at 8, it's an all around good time
Nice thing to say! Doing well et tu? Hope coaching is enjoyable and that family is well. Law business cranks on. U travelling?
dead or...famous?
'Kicking In' must be a single!!!!! So frickinnnnn catchy! Love, Love!!!!
are you all buying in NM?
Steps away from the MFL headed to CBP. If you know Philly, you get my acronyms. #LETSGOPHILLIES 8D
Heya wild man. When are you coming to anch.
They should make a snickers bar shaped like snooki and name it snookers! I would totally buy it :D
Happy Valentines day!
those damn kids! Thinkin they know how to be a hipster...
Checking out the updated on first look I love the updated dashboard. Lots of focus on engagement social & mobile.
I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day.
TWO Words " Aunt Robbin"
follow me lol
Shot of ??? RT : AAAAHHHHH!!!! There... now I feel a LITTLE better...
I totally agree!!! Lets try getting this started! Ill help, just let me know what to do.
Jen & Dillon are out on the town. Gotta authentic Lou Malnati's pizza hitting the oven with The Bears game coming up.
hahaha me too!!!!
You're going off on Twitter. Maybe u need to be placed in Twitter jail for a couple of days. lol
Maybe I was getting to much jealousy & envy my way.. Cuz for a sec I thought Knowledge could b a burden
I don't see that nigga on my TL anymore lmao
thanks south for the support!
Managed to squirt toothpaste into my eye
I ain't perfect but I try !
Listening to LEVELS before our auctions is gettin us fired up! =)
That does seem a bit ridiculous.
it'll be nice in CA! See you next Sunday! :)
Love that I don't have to go to school tomorrow
Cosmic Gate tonight. Come play.
Why The Ciara Song "Love Sex Magic" ft. Justin Timberlake Is So Orgasmic? Damn It I Have An Erection Right Now! xD :$
Wow what a badass ! (Or as my sons would say, BEAST)
#NowPlaying The Offspring – You're Gonna Go Far, Kid on #Spotify. I can't stop listening to this one.
are you going to do a tinychat today?
LOL behave woman..
If target can tell when a women is pregnant, why cant our teachers know when kids know fractions via prez at
Yes! Thank you for following me here on Twitter Renee. The star is BEAutiful... as in Beauty!
.....12-hour shelters in the Chicago area by offering job training and placement services.....
Thinking of cutting my hair again
#political genius campaign! Fred Karger for President
hm sweet crunchy crackerjacks ...the prize inside is a job!
I hate that you know all the little things about me.
Welcome to Twitter :)
But I can tell you this, I never would have thought Royal Ivey would have been the most tenured pro off that UT Final Four team.
Overheard snippet in ALA hallway. Why is it named the Carnegie Room? Because he gave money. Dale Carnegie? That's cool.
Happy Mother's day!
Always love working with my laptop out on the GUTS bus and getting weird looks from other people.
Calvin Johnson would be a great contestant if they still had the foot locker "non basketball" dunk contest
We go to 4th first tomorrow????
Please don't talk about "defenseless" players in hockey. I get enough of that BS during the NFL's season.
RT Many things just take longer than we think. Allow urself to enjoy the process without that RUSHED feeling
hey at lest you have money to get from the bank or put in the bank. :)
sick throat hurts :( atleast my sleepover is tomorrow (y) sucks only a few of my friends can make it
Gosh, i love him <3
Thanks to all who performed at our monthly songwriter series at Johnny D's. Nov's will take place at the Cantab Lounge contact us for info.
Taht makes sense.
where were you watching the games at? Nomad?
S/o To So Sweet. An Amazing Person. I Miss Her. Hope Everything Is Well. (:
Victor's gonna have to change his name to Victor Ewwwman.
We drank IPA and gave quotes for 's Graze mag. Pick it up! "Lakefront IPA is the Violent Femmes of beer (without the lawyers)"
Im worried :(
My bedroom floor is covered in used tissue...oh head cold how you have destroyed my room.
The Android market sucks.
#BryanKest "to be gentle, you have to quiet the mind and pay attention to the experience” #ASYoga,
Thank you Charod for opening up this account again!!! San Antonio it's about to go down!!
is the best friend in the entire world <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Packing for #SMWNYC I need to experience the "Lin-sanity" first hand.
Another day at the job aye? RT : Got to the club and the crossfader is broken!?!!? Gotta rock the up and down faders.
Interested in being a Mentor Counselor for Upward Bound? Email letter/resume to .edu by 3/1.
blowin on loud writing to these beats Foriegn Whips & Foriegn Chicks coming soon .....
True, Dai, most gallery walls R white, it's just that image, Mainly the article is addressing hanging details.
It's coming!!! It looks like a huge puffy float coming up Western.
just showed that to al nap. Hes loving it lol. He wants a cd.
Friday night playing a show at espresso yourself music cafe I'm Powell Ohio at 7 PM. Join if you like to rawk!
Someone who will not make second class citizens out of women is what I expect from my next President
What do you call a black person on the moon? An astronaut you racist bastard...
if you steel someones marshmallows at least chew with your mouth closed.
I'm not buying Marco Rubio's book. No thanks.
awww miss talking to you too! how have you been!?
Thanks for the retweets !
there you go again not even speaking proper english.
How are you sweetie I hope you have a great day
A valiant comeback, then a wild pitch to end the game? Really #Reds?
And so is Lucy!
Thanks to for meeting with me about her upcoming doc. She is doing important, thoughtful work that should be seen.
Not in a good mood right now :(
sounds like Marty party was a blast!!!
Whenever you are to do a thing, though it can never be known but to yourself, ask yourself how you would act were all the world looking at …
Lol Thats why Im a Steeler fan,you can find a Punter in the 7th,better be Ray Guy for a third rounder.
Too slow for the worlds pace. But im looking for change so I gotta join the chase.
Um...ok then.
Thanks Dan! Any more attention to that though and I'll have to drop what I'm doing and bring it up to snuff!
EdgeWebware tagline "If you aren't on the EDGE you're just in the way". Isn't that great!
I should be writing this since I'm both degree-ed in Eng & I'm hilarious. Whose a girl gotta tweet around here?!
Any chance you can follow back so we can DM? I definitely want to make sure this issue is taken care of.
I'm taking a shot of chocolate cake with JFK wish you were here
thank you! You're awesome:)
Now how was that not a foul on Iman?
Just landed in LA... Looking forward to a bunch of meetings setup... Should be VERY productive day then back to Seattle tonight
my life is music
Had a great time at lunch with the pretty on this beautiful day!
mine! And a couple of other girls' :)
I'm happy you liked it. We just needed to see how they turned out.
Playoffs are about to start, and I'm back for the whole thing to clown these Cryami cHeat fans as usual. Wheres my nigga at
CASTING FIR REALITY SHOW IN NY LATINSHORE@ tweet me for details
STRIKE EM OUT, THROW EM OUT, DOUBLE PLAY! WHAT A THROW BY SANTANA!
The Vikings decided to save some time and only look at a couple schools to draft all their players.
Have fun, Dont party to hard(; Haha We love you too!<3
I just fell into that one didn't I...so dissappointed in myself
that's more that hlf of our lives ! D:
RT : Man that movie was to fuckn funny my niggas an had me rolln
By the way, winner takes home a Trust-based Parenting DVD and an Empowering Connecting and Correcting DVD!
Thanks again to for being a SILVER SPONSOR of #BlogathonATX. Writers--check out their upcoming event!
people do drugs to attempt to cope with difficult problems or situations, including stress, trauma, and symptoms of mental disorders
Bad decision: Deciding it was ok to play #OldRepublic for a couple of hours before writing my diss. chapter. Now everything seems boring...
sure is hahaa
Here's an option. How about you love me back. there...problem solved...lol jk
FCC is creating cell phone alerts in case of national emergencies. Story at 5:30 on
What Peirce are you reading? I find the way he frames his essays and his asides to his readers hilarious & paranoid.
Best cities to be in on St Pat's Day: NYC, Boston, Sydney & Austin. Oh, and Dublin, of course. : )
what's your review for it?
Need to shut it down for a while. In this order...writing, taxes, cooking, SUPERBOWL. Go Giants!
Still up.
and d-collections are the Gale type stuff.
Pretty much exactly how I feel right now.
Be sure to check out the Poised Creation store for music and other great art pieces!
Oh man I had a chem test to take. (-.-)
incredible victory way to defend your title!! With a Standing Guillotine Choke of Machida. God Bless.
Spittin rhymes out like bullets, say that im AKing
all in all not bad. Definitely need practice with them. Chunked too many which is all in my head/swing. Solid irons though.
If you hit the mark, you must aim a little above it. ~Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
My dad has been extra nice lately and I'm scared that's all gonna go away when he gets my report card...
Last task of this very long day, sitting down with my
Just like I've failed every match making quiz online.
Do not deceive your self. Do what you say and say what you've done
Head of Company Culture , Andrew Dolan, asks: "What if your building helped you work?"
come to SF and Caitie will make you that shit. She's like a little Jewish Martha Stewart.
ABOUT TO BE ON TONIGHT AT WET ULTRA LOUNGE call for Reservations 915-449-2066 WET ULTRA LOUNGE & POWER 102
Soccer Capsules: Seattle still finds LA to be its measuring stick - Brownsville Herald
Picture day tomorrow
Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education Board awarded the School of Nursing the maximum accreditation for all of the academic programs!
why dont they just sing them at the same time and save us the misery
"Don't fritter your life away"-Advice From A Donut Shop Owner
Posting some new music latter on tonight. Thanks for all the support so far guys! I REALLY appreciate it..
Have yo already signed up for Draftstreet before? That would be the only hold up. If so, I can have them connect with you
if he plays 15 mins Bulls win this game and this series
I'm about to cry from all this damn love.
purple and red!
So you're just gonna walk through the airport with no shoes on
I get all the best poker news from
Whether or not J.P. Morgan asked Tesla "Where can I put the meter?", this logic of profit continues to pervade our world!
Cleaning out the barn<<<
Oh, #Milwaukee! It's $5 Martini Day! Come in any time today and get any regular or specialty martini for just 5 clams.
Does El Ten Eleven sound like '90s radio rock without the vocals to anyone else?
It scares me everytime gets naked on his show and he does it a lot xD
It's Franchise Friday! Have you ever considered owning your own business? Give us a call! 916-929-2220!
If you haven't followed my personal yet go do it! ! I followback! :) kthnks!
NBA Executive of the Year: Larry Bird. Added David West and George Hill.
you will be missed buddy. Good luck with your new gig!
I KNOW! lets hangout pweasee. what are you doing tomorrow? I dont have work or when I do have work lets have lunch break!!
Who remember the days when you was young with no swagg what so ever? Lol.
Started The Way last night at 2am. Audiobook version. Nearly fell asleep. Scared that Chris would tell me to kill the president.
Hey if you need a place to crash in Toledo let us know, we're 5 minutes from the venue.
We had so much fun with them at our Profile Picture Night event last fall.
Home made chicken pot pie. Who knew the secret ingredient was nutmeg?
Enjoy your time off!!!
<U+200E>"They only call it Class War when we fight back."
#Ridiculousness is gonna be so dope tonight!!!
haha dude you gotta come one of these days my friend!!! Have a fun night, and if youre around, I go on at midnight tonight! :)
": miss u" miss you too boo.
bringing back memories of the "Heidi" game...
Only a addict gets angry when you bring it up
Just got home from #mocca, and sorting through things.
RT : ANTIK Tonight!!!! 356 bowery.Start with straight shots then pop bottles. Party wit MLINY and DON.
. killed it last night!! E Lansing shows so much love. Wouldn't have wanted to spend 420 anywhere else!
Thanks for coming! RT : Best way to end say nite, nite: w/ and a drink from
RT : And there it is, right on the #, UK by 8. Hope you either had the hook, or bought it off. #gambling!
Thanks Evan! Let's keep in touch. I've learned a lot from talking to you over the past couple years.
Yeah! Thanks for registering!
Tonight I'm going to try something crazy. Instead of staying up. I'm going to bed.
Anyone out there an expert at trussing a chicken? I pretty much tie up all the loose parts.
Looking forward to your performance tonight.
So far, not packing my own toothpaste is the only fail of #msconf - Jason uses Sensodyne #gross #imarriedanoldman!
@ da crib woke up wit a hang over wait where iz my keys?
At least I've heard of Papa John before this month #draftbigpapa get the word out
Early Penguins lead! You all know what that means folks!
Do what you love and the money will follow. - Marsha Sinetar
I'm still up tho, haiii.
Missed you today - looking forward to your presentation in May at #SMBMad thanks for sponsorship
I remember when Wayne's twitter got hacked & I tried hacking the dude who stole his username so he could have it back. LMFAAAAAOOOOOOOOOOOOO
LOL. Oh thank you, thank you so much for forgiving me!
Let that shit BURN!
Are you stoping at Sonioc then? for some tater tots...
: don't wait for alt-metrics, do it yourself
no doubt! I'm going for Education. I'm on my teacher hustle.
end of the weekend, anxious for the week. Nothing major.
Astounded by the warm welcome! Deepest thanks to all, and here's to future collaborations!
I love love love dirty #housemusic it makes me wanna disco <3
So to sleep, perchance to dream of ****, myself and the cats...here is to dropping the creatinine numbers and being back to abby-normal.
well said man
you don't know her life
Holler! Gotta hit up #Chaps in the morning! Have you gone to #raw yet?
April Fools joke articles are so passé.
lmao...I feel u...I got fam out there...love'em but hate visiting...
Thanks for the support! ^jh
Q 3: Do you listen OR hear when dh speaks?
Thank you both for a thoughtful session - which Twitter accounts are doing it best?
FEATURE-Switzerland, the land that time begot
Dinner at Bunker's in West Allis was great. I had the the shrimp BLT sliders. Yum!
Preciatee it Sweetie.
Word brother. Thanks for the post. I think you are a share-a-sale vendor with us right?
The band perry. <3
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the have been nice when they were winning but Tim tebow's game is naughty
Your right my mothers loved and raised 7 kids and they cant be married
Mcgahee or morris?
WOH…YOU TRIED TO BURST HIS REALITY-DISTORTION BUBBLE? THAT'S GROUNDS FOR AN INSTANT BLOCK!
wait till you wake up and check out the link I sent you
does beating the Bulls without Rose and Noah change the front offices position this offseason about changing the roster?
Homework && chores /:
#FF - - sorry for misspelling!! You get a FF all to yourself now :)
officially welcoming to look for her on and weekly!
Thanks for following its a step for all of us wanting to make a difference and inform
We are officialy here getting tickets
I'll look into that tonight man
please follow me for my birthday!<3 i have school tomorrow so i have to go to bed soon an al i want is a follow...please?
show me the plot of the relevance of #sociology for the past few hundred years that proves your claim
We have a whole bunch of horn and bone hanging ear designs for men & women...only $10/pair!! Stop by and grab 'em before they are all gone.
This bitch need to come her ass on! I want my shyt!!!
I had a blast planting some "renegade" crops at Stoney Creek Farms today in honor of and -
It's about to rain in
Practicing Praise and Worship for the RAM women's conference beginning Thursday Night. Ladies you will want to be in the house
Applied to 2 jobs today
Just because you trained them doesn't mean they'll do it
I'm so tired, and I haven't even done anything remotely tiring today. Wat.
Like a cheater GQ
So much running through my mind. I can't sleep!!
I'm paying $69.99 for 100mbps internet w/ intermittent outages and Charter CSR told me to unplug my modem for a couple of hours. #1998 ??
Vancouver Winter Games..<< heating up tonight>> womens mogel! Go USA!
thanks Bill
“: #BestPickUpLineEver "Hey, what's up I play baseball"”
Ok great night cap, time to put out the trash and got to sleep. Saga continues .
#ThingsJaylonDo Play Basketball
We're back from prepping to paint. All Ready to go tomorrow starting at 9 am.
#teh its a movement for the lysdexic.
We both felt alone investing in banks that idiots said would be nationalized. Now David and I will get paid off.
note to self, email open rates are 2-3x's higher when subject line includes word: audition
Go Pats!
I just opened my door for a second and got a cool breeze in the face.
self deprecating version of Peso? haha
Rob Carrick&#39;s Reader: Keep your mitts off my money
Re(imagiNATION) has the brightest color scheme of all time. So excited for summer.
9/11/11 - I may be in Oakland for a time but my heart is in my native city, NYC, always my city.
The CST system consists of a series of modules that may be acquired and used by any
why is it supposed to rain like every day now? #wheresthesun?
Hi B! I am okay, thanks for the check-in. :) Hope you're well. Hugs. Hi btw! Any new bambino's on their way yet? lol
Good afternoon :)
Have they done any thing bout MByet on e! News?
Happy #Friday People! Make it a day to remember....Do something different!!!
If my boss rolls his eyes at me one more time!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
That song is too mature for Jessica. She's a kid. I would have liked another Mariah song. Vision of Love or Love Takes Time
I hate the guilty feeling when you sleep 12 hours, and regret not getting anything accomplished. Time is money!
RT : Safe travels to all of our Terriers and families leaving campus today and tomorrow.
I love you dude. Ahaha!
so what up?
Yeah, that exclusive oppty in Cambridge I mentioned earlier....filled one. At least 3 more openings left.
Gonna have to skip it, putting out bonfires with work. :(
I think it all comes down to how you define and assess "learning" :)
Thanks J for being there and reporting live!
go Giants!!
Action rains over romance in movie battle - The Sun
If you are a librarian from Denmark, introduce yourself to the group. Thanks!
Planning to go back at the end of the month. This time for lunch!
interesting... never quite ran into that selling/implementing egov for cities, maybe advisors
"I remember when I sucked at driving" - everyone ever from lexington
Young Roddy's new tape tho>
such a cinco de mayo tease
the day of his concert let me know and we will:))
submission successful this weekend. Keep them rolling.
how unfortunate...
I HOPE YOU SEE THIS TWEET??(: PLEASE SEE THIS TWEET PLEASE!!!! && PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE & UHM, PLEASE??(:
Trying to make some fast cash at Buffalo Exchange. Y'all know you want the clothes I've deemed no longer cool.
Yup. Exactly. Who indeed.
The difference between try and triumph is just a little umph!
#HappyMothersDay! To all the elderly moms who have sacrificed everything for us, we will wait to gut Medicare at least a few more months.
I think that critics often think that if they talk about sex they'll seem either pervy or puritanical.
Got us there in '02 (his first year) but you are right about the hitting, we're just a sorry ball club right now.
Haha try being black and living there!
You're right. Today will be a good day to celebrate the great life we had together.
My sister from another mister has arrived from Miami. Syracuse, you will NOT know what you hit you this weekend.
You're welcome!! You did a great job! :)
Wind down your work week with us in the bar for happy hour from 4-7 for half priced drinks, cocktails and beer!!
10 minutes in and we already got 3 runs!! lets go O's
Not sure I understand why the nerds hate the ending to #masseffect3, more completeness would be nice, but it suits the series
Decided my morning dance track will be all Donna Sommer this morning. O love to love ya' baby.
thanks Tierra for following me I hope we can become good friends.xoxo ;-)
Happy my Bay Area Homie CO is coming into town tommorrow. Hopefully, I can connect with my BC Friends Jen/Zeb (and beautiful seeds), too!
Doo doo jump? ... Man that's messed up
I swear it is?
I hate mock so very, very much.
WOW!! THAT MATCH WAS NUTS!! SO MANY LEGIT SHOTS! YOY COULD TELL! THIS IS THE ONE TIME I ACTUALLY RESPECT CENA!
: at dave you stop it with the press answer and answer the real question. its not about what I lead, its about what's real
I have two tracking numbers!!!
nothng like success
I need a break away from you
That happy moment when you find your I.d. :D
Those who have the courage to be different will always be remembered.
could you fathom!? itd be the best thing ever.. and then a random Hulk running around hahaha
Great yellow jacket on ...lovely shade :)
why you ain't text me ? Haha
I appreciate you
#petpeeve - People who respond: lol or haha - don't expect me to respond to that… What am I supposed to say to that - yeah - haha?
There's nothing so permanent as a temporary government program.
AND I MADE THIS RELATIONSHIP FACEBOOK OFFIC.
You rock too! Thanks!
Fuck. So tired. I hope business is slow at work today. I mean, who the fuck is gonna want biscuits at five a.m. on a sunday?
RT follow these guys , , ,
Awesome as is one of our co-founders. We are working with some of your athletes and would love to chat.
This b word got NFL arms!
Happy Saturday!
Every time i hear one of 2 Chainz songs, i know EXACTLY when he's about to say 2 CHAINZZZZZZ.Sad but true. LoL.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Reach Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
Most women play hard to get when they are really orphans when it comes to looking for love and wanted to be love.
No one... can rock a beret.
beef tenderloin wrapped in
No Lie
Staats served as a magistrate until 1670s. Staats wrote his name as STAAS after arrival in New Netherland.
Selling my office desk a pristine U-shaped desk made by Sligh Home Office Furnishing, Holland, Michigan. It is dark cherry wood, very soli…
can we go to Acapulco?
Heath Anthology co-author John Alberti () will speak @ 11AM session on prepping MA students for life after the program
did I mention that George Karl is one of my all time favorite coaches
Hrm. So more like second.
Did you see the Albuquerque Aloft balloons this morning? Fear not if you missed them, pics 2 come!
time for an #iPhone! ;)
Yup! Is that a giraffe in your profile pic?!
As first responders, #LasVegasFirefighters administer cooling therapy to the patients in the field before rushing them to the hospital
“#Children are made #readers on the laps of their #parents.” - Emilie Buchwald
We had it every morning for breakfast on our Belgium trip last year. YUM!
That's wonderful to hear! We're glad that you're loving it! What language are you learning?
From South Grove Tap meeting: "The culture of our building has changed. Much more discussion about quality instruction."
Bloomberg was founded 4 years before Windows 1.0!
no one likes me no more?
Great! I'm sure your kids will LOVE our pizza! Drinks specials and live music starts around 9 but 5-9 is perfect for your fam!
adults should not watch as well. What ever happened to the sitcom?
it's alright Jerm is still a mark ass buster!
RT : "It's all about being in the moment." - Ben Stiller
i'm suspicious of anyone who gets headshots taken and is not an actor or model #OmgSRSLY?
Check out one of my new ventures and Follow!
I swear I have the weirdest dreams, everytime I sleep. And I always remember them.
Thanks for all the #FFs! Keep 'em coming! To all our recent followers: we'll be wading through and following back this weekend. We're slow!
not too soon Brady, accuracy can never be to soon.
My Fathers name for one of my Aunts. RT : what's a sizzle chest?
RT Share Broadway Bar 2night. $ 3 u call it. 21& up welcome. COVER all night. Dj Mystik video mixing. Peter Blue hosting the party.
dude shut up
I just want them to have a deep conversation without mentioning the doppelganger. Is that too much to ask? -___-
You got it, Doug! Are you into Emotobooks?
can ray allen just touch the ball, maybe then we can get a three. 0 for 11. seriously???
New Kids Hip Hop dance Class at Flip Force San Diego tomorrow 4pm-5pm!!
where? If I didn't have a class I'd meet you there in 5
second to puerto rico is a solid #2!
I seriously can't sleep until I know where she's at.is this bad...
It's always .2 or .3 more because the 10 is a straightline - your GPS is moving side-to-side, wider around corners, etc.
It's a beautiful night for getting drunk and smashing a gyro. Find us on Water and Juneau across from
Hey David thx for follow, do you remember when the Broncos were called "orange crush"?
Rooms To Go to pay at least $2M for 10 Texas RoomStore units RICHMOND, Va. — Rooms To Go has agreed to pay at least $2 million for 10 Tex
Sources of inspiration.
"do you guys think im a know it all?" "yes, minus the knowing it all part"
tell carlos to call me
62° and cloudy.
Love it when my teachers have "Book Turn-In" written in the board. It makes me day! #summer!
thank you! I really appreciate it. Let others know too!
This is a good episode of Rookie Blues
Personally, I would sooner have written Alice in Wonderland than the whole Encyclopedia Britannica
I hate seeing people
When you care about somebody, you do what's best for them. Even if it sucks for you.
After months of disappointment with the Safari and Firefox browsers, I took the leap and installed Google Chrome. WOW! It's fast!
i rlly dnt give a fuck about wat u say but rite now im writting this down thinking about wat u said cuz u pissed me of so i do care ;p
C Force just set a new school record for Furman Football, 6th TD Pass in a single game to six different receivers and all in the first half.
see you there! First one without my mom
And I am a beast at life.
from your mouth to God's ears :)
MT : Congratulations are in order! Prof. 's won Best Documentary at the Bare Bones Film Festival!
If a girl says she'll make out with you but nothing below the waist, take your pants off & do a handstand.
finishing unfinished things
Joe still hasn't noticed that JoeJonasIsPERFECT was a Trending Topic all day.
OMG YAY!!!!! :)))) CANNOT wait! Do I write my own lyrics and remix or just stick to what you have? :D EXCITING!
not a frequent-content-pusher either
If I don't watch it, I can't gauge how my eating-working out ratio is working. lol
just to be clear, no class tomorrow but we have class Thursday/ we will be getting quiz 2 on Tuesday...some how
You should be able to hang up when they raise their voice. "Bye!"
67 boundaries have many upset, but, it is the right thing to do!Peace is important, Israel gets too much US money!
I'm falling in love. And I am in Nairobi. And I ate 2 chocolate bars when I'm trying to lose 9 more pounds. <3 Oh life! <3
Great! Thanks for your help!
I don't like for ppl to feel down or cry
I love all my #PhillySquads and happy that #Sixers Won, but for the Zebras to call *that* Offense Foul on KG is Sad
is never over silly!
BIO Thanks Reps. Pascrell, Bilbray for Policy that Levels the Playing Field for Renewable Chemicals
: "Here's a picture of us coming together - Republican & Democrat" do you seriously expect people not to make jokes about that?
So my Pathfinder decided today that it would be dead...had to be towed to garage and now I'm waiting to hear what this is going to cost me!
But why nap during the Avengers? Its so awesome. You should just sleep through Think Like A Man.
Gettin ready to go to this lame as school
no it's really funny.. She kinda looks like you and just reminds me a little of you
Headed to #LaJolla to dialogues in art and architecture an evening of enriching your mind
Fill in the blank: My favorite springtime activity is _________.
haa Im glad Im not the only person whos felt this way! My oldest sister got married 5 years ago, I almost forgot how crazy it gets
Awh thank you sweetheart :))
year of the slip n' slide!
messy hur, don't cur.;)
My little brother is playing at Webster hall tonight doors open at 8
Getting classroom is up in the air for you? Same school or new one? Gd luck!
never heard of FOMO? Ya fiyad!
Wow. When, and what were you doing here? Any places with fond memories?
Raised to be stupid, Taught to be nothing at all.
Antwan 'Big Boi' Patton was arrested in Miami on drug charges including possession of Viagra and Ecstasy pills.
Hungover and at work. Last night was a blast! Bikes, beer, beautiful woman...
Yes!!!RT : !!! RT : #IThankGod that there is a cure for this gnarly hangover...Beer and Bacon!
Cool blog dude! Tell me more!
This week's #DC fun fact! On #VeteransDay, all the #Metrobuses attach #American flags :) Don't just thank our #veterans once a year!!
Well his aunt said 3-6 months! But it depends, she says it will probally be 6! :)
": I want a nigga to show me instead of telling me nbs..."I feel u. Lol. Real shit.
I really hate guys sometimes.
What ya got goin on for the game tonight! Big Matchup...
are you wearing your sequence dress?
LOVE YOUR NEW SONG PUT IT DOWN
I just know I read somewhere that Bailey's over crushed ice is recovery beverage for hardcore swimming. Where did I put that article?
Do you still have that candid pic you took of me on your phone....... Hahah
ill leave early :)
Finna unfollow all the people who haven't follow me bacc
Just setup blog on website. Had problems but those FOSA techies came through for me as usual. Love those people. They're fast.
Had a great time today gettin it in w/ this morning! Thanks fellas for the support!
STILL KEEP FOLLOWING FOR ME!XD
pick me! Haven't been down in a while. Love LaPerla!
I'm an American and you're my favorite rugby player.
some of the things people say here...SMH. grow up please?
I'm HOT, dammit!!
Your business card is your best marketing tool, are you using it wisely? Join me for a FREE teleseminar on How to Build a Better Business C…
Oh! Well I guess I have to get some before then.
About to see the Hunger Games w/ the brother & Apologies to for seeing it before reading the book/s :/
106&park showed the ratchet girl anthem video..lmao
My best friend and I were going to buy pink ones together and she bought them before and they broke within the first week.
yeah that shit blow
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>I'm not going to the 1D concert,because we had to chose our cousins in Arizona or the concert I'm sad now...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
They've got some interesting people on America's Got Talent.. Haha.
No worries. I'll keep my eye open for it.
Me too Jim!!!!!!! Love that she's already got the gmail set up! RT : i like the sound of that”
Using SlideRocket at #SXSW for your awesome presentation
This morning I worked out hard with Erin in her gym!!! It was fun..then I gave a swim lesson in the pm..keepin fit ;)
If your feelin Wiz's music-check out this Pittsburgh artist Young Bravo www.reverbnation.com/youngbravo1
m... sounds like good coffee.
kitty .....i watch intervention fucked up...thought you were suppose to.....???
poor Gypsy!
at work now <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>.. And then going to a couple of cookouts. You?
Happy first day, fellow #Aztecs! I'm excited to start my "real" Senior year and continue with :)
Yes. It's a casserole.
Fear blocks change
That's because they reached the very bottom of the barrel with Chas Boner
Hey, it could happen!!! These cocksuckers r swerving errwhere
Hahahaha Ima Kid is hilarious I'm sorry.
Great to see several faces that I knew. , , and others.
Bunts are the awesomest.
Fuck you I'm not even going to tell you what you did wrong this time, you don't deserve it. Just fuck you.
Seeing 3 of the Chronicles of Narnia wasn't only for love of the series...but let that be our secret.
#FF <3 to , great guys, great music! Check them out!! (:
Still hungry
My fave as of now "Sex In The Lounge"
Lowe out of the bases loaded jam!
Getting ready to head out and see the Carolina Chocolate Drops perform. Their show is sold out.
RT : Lots of kissing. Like an Italian Thanksgiving but with no food.
Law school? Meet a UM Carey Law Admissions Officer today from 10am- noon @ Flagler College’s Kenan Plaza on the West Lawn
anyone have a #kik?
When my cousins sit behind me in church and pull my hair the whole time<<<
SWEET! Thanks for the follow! #SUPERTWEEP!
: In today's climate of women being marginalized, som thot on that might b encouraged :) Have great wknd urself! TY
it's coming tonight
Does Rush really believe PORTUS will have a debate with him?
i'm a new gospel rap artist...how can I get send y'all my music or do interviews...etc...
headed to the arsenal i will give regards to the chairs
yes, Mr Wright. I also appreciate a good chic-o-stik.
thank you for the retweet!
$2 TUESDAY BAR W/ DJ A OK, ,,& NO COVER,21+CASUAL DRESSCODE. IF YOU WANT VIP CALL ME 210-449-8256
Me.. I am the President like the Jordan Elephant, NIgga's talk like bitch's which is a whole lot of #Irrelevance >_<
“: love your sky hook” thanks. It's still as lethal as ever.
Neuro #marketing works in B2B, too. Build rapport, socialize, then get to the business at hand.
Hey!Can u tell me what ur wrist size is? I have 2 order a bunch of Avon & getting different sizes 2 sell. TY! (Asking a few ppl)
How in the whole world did the freaking Cavs beat my Knicks!!!! I'm out yo!!!! Goodnight son<U+270C>
movies then BWW...can't Waiit :)
OMG! I'm Gonna turn my notifications off!
#uCantBeToughAndSay " this flower smells pretty."
you forgot
J, LOL always, love science, should have been a scientist
why is everyone tweeting scenes from meangirls? lol
Mondays are offensive to me lol
Bingo starts at 9:30 p.m. tonight and the progressive jackpot is up for grabs! Only at the Northglenn Applebee's (100 W. 104th Ave.)
I'm not sure, but I think it's a thing.
Larry F-ing Luchino joins Don and Jerry in the 4th. Would be a great time for everyone to switch over to Joe Castig.
“: needs let it go , u hairline is like homerun ball , going back n back n gone!”that is very funny right there
Oak Harbor- A nice NE wind has developed which will dry things out just a bit and, most importantly, help keep MOST of the rain at bay.
hello nigga lol j/k say congrats for your sister for me
much thanks to all the new followers.
thankful for the HEB salad man this morning who showed me where the "good salads" were, yummy lunch
Love what's local, as in Madison CT farmers market. what good is #organic if shipped from mexico to Ct?
Q from archives to DH: what would encourage deposit of scholarly work alongside source materials in archives? Money? Fame?
In algebra tutorials with Rachel!(: tummy ache and headache:'( fml.
In every task, ask yourself not only "Is this what a zombie would do?" But also "Is this how a zombie would do it?"
Goodnight :] ...Guess I can say theres a lot of things to look forward to tomorrow
In need of some bill paying friends get it ahaha
I'm playing catch-up. :)
Aw thank you man:)! Backatcha:)!
Definitely not!
Booked A Holiday To Malta In June :)
": School <<<<"and a boring study hall makes it worse
thx cant take cred, folks at did great, our teams are working together to make PG the best Olympic sponsor ever
My day off. Got art group. Then finally watch Wrestlemania 28 and #RAW. Your plans?
Interesting that Michael Moore is now trending in NY, but #occupywallstreet hasn't yet. Censor much, Twitter?
thanks for the shout out!
February 1886.... The Tootsie Roll rolls into stores in America
I always brown and drain.
LOL!! I want to see the pre-showing of it before it hits Lifetime or would it be on Oxygen? :)
Today got better. Started following me. Check these guys out! Awesome stuff.
I was still wearing pants.
Thanks for the
Thanks so much! RT : Finally watched the Losing You video just now, Tyler. Good stuff! And GREAT song!!
So #Knicks fans ... are you going to be ok with getting #Mayo instead of #Carmelo? Will that spark a rivalry if Melo goes to the #Nets?
Generally I'm not into super sweet drinks. I do like the citrus flavored ones, something kinda tart like lemon.
Thanks to for a great lunch conversation today. One of my best lunch discussions in a long time. Gotta do it again.
If you were to write a book, what would it be about, Seattleites?
Love that some of our speakers are reading 's Confessions of a Public Speaker book :-) #get_ready_for_awesome_presentations!
currently reading: "The Shriek of Silence" by David Patterson
Another day in the life
ORACLE: The Magic 8 Ball meets the WIZARD OF OZ on a giant 40' screen....get the answers 2 ur questions next Friday Studios
the latest from I think answers the question. My take: I'm rich & white, so must b right
Rick Santorum sweater vest update. Today's color: gray.
General Education in a Free Society. 1945. Productivity, innovation, individuality=humanities.
I think you have a very pretty nose Jessica.
Still obsessed with information avoidance and cognitive dissonance. Man I love #library school.
Loving this month's ! pages and pages of amazing.
New Job?
thanks buddy! Wish I could have been there!
People who rely on technology so much irritate me like no other. Just be in the moment.
is the best <U+2764><3
New pictures so comment please&i'll return the favor(:. Texts are welcomed!!(:
I can testify
Ugh whatever, good enough
we should put our cellphone up at 7 40 to see where we each are. Lol
May have to ban you from attending any future Pacers games... What the heck happened last night?
american idol crazy with cartoon voice girl WOW !!!!!!
So fucking sick
Hanger 24 is my second.
live election feed #LeMonde,
Fuck that guy. I think you're funny.
New Musicians I hear. Lol
Thank you Bob! Happy Tuesday!
you have to start somewhere
I don't understand why people follow you if they're not gonna fuckin tweet you
Build strength in the mind and the body will follow.
that sounds better than alright, lol. funfun. ;)
It's a perfect day to walk to work!
Hope you enjoyed that old familiar burn. W/O a colon that burn is a double-edged sword for me.
Guilford Mills sold to Michigan company
Sorry, not sure. He has pitched well, though. RT : But he is set to start this Sunday, if I am correct?
Thanks! Please let us know if you need any help with animations, infographics, or website development.
haha. im just waiting for my Celts to body the faggy Hawks tonight.
Uh oh found a guitar.. You know what that means!
the site should have structure and some content by tomorrow night. planning to launch 2nd week in april. didnt know it is live already.. :/
<U+200E>17-0. Rex Ryan, what's wrong? You looked a little defeeted there.
headed to in n out burger-yuuumm :)
absolutely!! but i also embrace the browns :)
Weirdest Twitter account I've seen... as in "Get Funeral Home Jobs"
pretty princess aw
Thanks again for your help earlier.
sorry didn't get chance to say more than ' hi ' tonight. I was conversing with someone who didn't speak English ! speak 2morrow
Doing that now with indexing course. Going online so starting from scratch. Considering re-engineering org similarly. FUN!!
It'll probably be the death of me, as well.
Hate all you want playa i still spread love!
Drink fresh water and as much as possible..Water flushes unwanted toxins from your body and keeps your brain sharp!
Thanks to all! We had a great time at #ala11 this year and it was so nice to visit with all of you at the booth! Safe travels home!
Going to evaluate my acts of service n my attitude about both Thanks the the spiritual 'call out' - very timely
So junior year I'm going to northwest, palo, or bonanza :)
Help not enough juice for my laptop is this how superman felt lol got ta be sill sometimes okay back to adult hood
Cynics regarded everybody as equally corrupt... Idealists regarded everybody as equally corrupt, except themselves.
I'm out. Goodnight.
Long but productive day today. Time to get outside and walk the pooch!
Hands down the worst day of my life... ='(
Seems like everyone in the office baked over the weekend, and today they're sharing the love. Thanks for the treats, co-workers! #nom!
i could use one at the moment.
Im bout to go check it :)
There are #100Days 'til the #OLYMPICS, better start stockpiling the dvr with nongay shit to watch while that's on!
I saw that too. Lol. Had to him
Geoff Ogilvy bringin some Jay Don Blake memories at
We should start doing some duo shows together. Modern day Corea/Burton.....but Fox/Wolf.
Good luck to senior Andrew Larkin at the Maccabi Pam Am Games in Brazil!
“In the end, everything must speak for itself and tell us its name.” —Brian Zimmer,
Really like Vandy and A&M as definites for Omaha this year..both great teams and battle-tested programs..
#GOP provisions in tax proposal help only wealthiest 1%, don't create jobs & add tens of trillions to deficit, we must take away their money
Weird seeing all these folks in real life who I thought only lived on listservs
i love haters cause it gives me something to talk about haha
GM I had a nice time with you
Yeah. You are, most times :p
Good luck this weekend, m'dear! Run like hell, and when you think you want to stop. Just. Keep. Going.
"Manage around values, not bottom lines," Ken Blanchard
Last Night was fucking amazing Round 2 tonight :))))
so whats up, can I azk you for a favor?:-)
yea I'm already knowin... Yea I'm good just finishin up ma last year hear...
is searching for Wire Transfer Clerks and Exceptions Analysts - contact Chris at 505.855.0845
Edward 40 hands <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA>
Anytime. Im looking for a creative writing arch-nemesis. How do you feel about spandex and capes? Skeptical about the arms2
so true
i made it home js in time for da LAKERS game
Same here as we're waiting to find out if we're on someone's guest list. I've thought about texting Stevie Stone or Tech but idk.
I'm getting my head completely bald, who thinks I should?
I'd like a car in Koreatown. Near the Normandie Purple line station.
This is not a forum for self-promotion. 8-)
I hope you got my thru via your website please let me know if you have or haven't got it.
YES!!! RT CB Carlos Rogers about to re-sign with SF. Deal will avg about $7.3 mill per year.
Hey thanks for the help today! =]
Is it just me or is mainstream radio stuck on REPEAT even the Gospel stations :(
Client just arrived with #CivilWar battle flag of the 36th Ohio Vol. Infantry that saw action at Antietam, Chickamauga, Chattanooga & more
Do not be afraid of hard work, learn to multi-task, be flexible and patient. -Harish Keshwani
Your music is dope and your gorgeous
lol no, I don't even have my L yet -_____-
Mixed messages from the local elections - The Guardian
*grabs my sweater and a large random coat and is out the door before you can say no*
Not even. I'm the nicest person in the world.
Today is Snagajob's 12th birthday!
Omg mmmee too i was like its deff a fake one and of course its not LMFAOO
preciate this! glad you passed it along ...
Ok I'll take 2 lol : I'll order yours tomorrow now look at the time i saved ya lol
try selling it on Antengo! We make it ridiculously easy to connect with buyers in your area!
Love is a great beautifier.
Very interesting. Thank you for sharing!
Wade is overrated. Lebron can't do everything for Heat.
Yeah i'm sorry i wish i could make it. :(
Would love to be a photographer in D.C. today
When I'm down and out I get up and right
if this dude sitting near me continues to mutter mild vulgarities to himself, i might start getting concerned. (@ The Coop)
finally someone agrees ...“: You think #ItsCuteWhen you take duckface pictures? You look like a stroke victim.”
Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. to Present at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2012 New York Auto Summit
Rob Miranda, 32, said. "I can't believe the devastation right now," he said. "There are a lot of business and homes destroyed."
Kickstarter project is 13% funded in the first 2 days. Thank you for a great start!
this house has 4 kitchen. FOUR! its huuuugeee
Im running my Model Complex Agency
RT : Pickleball is my new second favorite sport #giantpingpong // It's like pingpong while standing on the table.
Support attributed Tomcat WV problem to software bug we've had all along but only recently exceeded threshold causing downtime.
IMO sport they should outlaw is MMA fighting. Many "amateur -likes" streetfighting. Having a TV camera ringside doesn't make it a pro fight.
we should do the east Howe stairs some day! You still go to la fitness?
Vibin in french.!
recommended by you? Should I watch it? It has a alum, Anna Chlumsky.
Today's Sandwich: Tuna salad on a French baguette with lettuce, tomato, provolone cheese and a cup of soup......$6.95
Stan my eminem will always be one of my fav songs
I wish I was a picky eater. HA
haha I totally agree. His old Ferris just made me sad.
I am hanging in there. Stress but the great Lord has. bless me. I have been reading The Purpose Driven. It's a great book.
What does plan on doing during #NATO in #Chicago?
AU open house today! :)
The Cleveland Fish + Chips group tour FAM is now underway! Welcome to #Cleveland!
Never a dull moment huh?
OMG RESTAURANT WEBSITES: ENOUGH WITH THE "SLINKY" NEO-LOUNGE MUSIC
“You know what, I'm very attracted to someone who makes me laugh and is that charming. Really, I could be charmed by anyone. but he got me !
Marketing "geeks" meeting today with
12 hr shifts....crazy hours.....and COFFEE <3 gives a total new meaning to wide eyed and bushy tailed. #haha but for real!
you might've been the sober ish one but in the video you def also looked like the mean one haha
Party is Monday, if you know me and want to go, then message me, but if you rsvp'd and we don't know you, you still won't be on the list
Example- House republicans put forth a budget that cuts social programs for kids and the elderly and gives the money to the Pentagon.
“: So has great customer service but unfortunately it's to make up for a disappointing product full of flaws.”
I didn't say you were right, I only said I might be wrong...
have you, or gruber or anyone else you guys know ever been approached by Readability to opt-in?
Everything Happens for a Reason.
naw my sis. not my mom
thanks Colleen :)
Off to a free improv class tonight! Sweet! And maybe a tasty burrito from Burrito Madness!!
Soo happy today's friday yayy(:
I spent 8+ hours on planes today and I'm still in the continental US
your mad late with this reply lol I was just thinking about u
Damn can a nigga get a plate? lol
This demo of the new FIFA Street is fun. Too bad I can't read anything in the interface.
Here's to hopefully parents and educators working together!
Think it's time to JAMN! Perfect short soon.
Can't entertain idiots
The modern way to act is to learn all of the principles of acting, then forget that you know them.
Thank you for all the new follows this week! Don't be good, be great!
thanks! I'm excited - I reckon Washington's a prettier city than New York in a lot of ways.
I need an exit.
Chicago Bulls gonna be number 1in the East just watch
u created Denver's #TebowMania hahaha!! I'm done hearing about disloyal, spoiled, greedy & players! Fans R worse!!
when I saw you today I doubled looked to see if that was you ! Hit that gym bro !
Great conversation with at Amplify event
Hopefully, we'll get to you soon! SmartPost is taking an additional 1-2 days due to heavy holiday volume. Happy Holidays!
ur are so sexy :)
tell me that's a sick joke? you hungout with that hoe & had her in your room? excuse me.
preaching it at
Great board meeting
Thank god for working toilets
How Do I Breathe Without You Here By My Side? ~
The desire for an alternate twitter account where I tweet with abandon about socks and milk is only heightened with wine.
kk im alredy following her now make jb follow me
New season of Avatar coming out. Might have to relive my childhood
field goal number 3
I love cafe stores.
All the weight goes to my boobs! Having a big boob week.
. claims in Budget hearing that #GOP #Medicare privatization budget "protects" the safety net
I am the event coordinator's assistant for wedding season and until #weddingseason starts I am working as a hostess/concierge
Why was Arjun the greatest warrior? Because of his one-pointed Drsti. He never looked away from God.
Star Wars
#ThingsWomenWant me. I resemble a mark wahlberg megan fox robert pattinson love child, Im a vampire, and I dont smell like money, I am money
Cubs win! 2 in a row...wow, should I use the words "winning streak"??
RT : dingle balls and airline tequila bottles around the brim?/ Ought not there be something julepie?
My next paycheck >>>
Fair 'nuf. Let me know if you tweet for him...
Keep you heart in the right place and be your authentic you. You attract miracles in that place.
So busy. Feel like I'm drowning.
I can Skype. There are MANY horrible hospitalizations and deaths that don't hit the evening news, but I talk to the victims.
Note: Using the most glorifying words to describe a product or service for the public does not always mean you are being conceptually clear.
i love this show SMASH its frickin awsome
you guys should come back to Boston :D
Exciting things are happening at Byrd Tile!! Stop in and see all of our selections. Thousands of styles to choose from...over 80 brands!
Of course I am! I'm filled with books! ^.^
Let's go new York rangers...
..lol. damn 10 stacks. Don't you got a hook up?
I adore Lala's show!
How will you recognize you social media team? No shoes.
House budget lowers overall spending levels while increasing Defense spending by 7%. What's a priority?
I just DIED!!! #oomf's said he was going to have a destination wedding at the Miami justice of the peace!! I CAN NOT!! LMBO! [[o-|<]]
Travis Smith Jussi Tuomi Joshua Martin Antonio Thompson Lian West Alexander Taylor LOSING GROUND LAUNCH T-MInus 24 hours!
what happen to simple strings
Dick Clark was a TV icon. Even when he was ill he was still a gentleman.
If you dont shave you
Chanting "Our passion for freedom is stronger than your prisons." #occupypdx #OccupyPortland Be safe. Stay focused.
I love animals. Check out an excerpt about Paige's new kittens here and LIKE this author page.
Yayy I can be in the video !
that's the way to be!
We aren't missing just on a mission! 2012 is going to be BIG
All I ask in return is a twitpic of your final costume :-)
No excuse for Lebron missing FTs, but missing the layup was on Wade.
we're sorry to hear this is an issue. We've routed this to customer support.
Many thanks to the students who participated in the program.
look a zombie
I'm wagering crack head
Your boy Wesley Ward is about to have a winner in the 10th race at Keeneland.
Not an easy task for osu tonite.
is coming to OSU. I can't even contain my excitement right now.
So... lets see your pumpkin pics? Can anyone carve a good Paltalk pumpkin? :)
thanks for confirming I'm not crazy! everything else was working fine. but it just came back up.
That fml moment when your igloo collapses on you.
ha! Some of your best tweet material of 2012. And p.s. You know what she saw in him.
DM I am curious what your company is. We are looking for a supplier.
us ricans are on a whole different planet
Already dizzy
Great presentation by 's Jonathan Tiice about non-traditional students in higher ed.
Big Austin Goldberg
Good: Scored standby exit row seat on flight to Wisc. Bad: Flight was to Milwaukee. Late night driving with the Badgers to end
Enjoying a tasty Lean 1 after a little P90x Cardio X. Getting ready to coach some flag football. Get Some! Remember - Romans 12:11
if you get the hamster ball you won't have any friends.
I forgot how boring not being in school can be.
Isn't there some hydroplaning or a cat show you could be watching right now?!?!
Thanks for the feedback, we'll pass it on to management. Hope to have you back again.
Thats not really up to you
Tonight was beyond insane.
Still love!
k thanks i'll try not to fall xD but i cant compare. You get hate everyday & deal with it
All shirts are $1 off through the end of the month!
A broken heart is a unhealthy heart
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: fatality accident Southbound I35 at Buda has the interstate closed down
FUCK YEAH WE'RE GONNA BE IN BORIS & DORIS ON THE TOWN also we won a Shepherd Express #bestoftheweb award WTF
Thanks! I plan on it.:) I printed them out to keep them in front of me at all times. I also plan to post a pic of me from when
a quote haha :)
I am not a hot weather fan, but it is really a gorgeous day. The birds have not stopped signing! :-)
Pat Riley is a Grandpa!! Congrats
Your momma so fat, she thought the hunger games was a workout tape! XD lolol
thanks for the follow! So is writing your full-time gig?
If you trust many, you'll get fucked over by many.
About to go get some food no thanks to Tom Hanks
WCG Xperience the Edge. Looking for an athletic challenge?Check out our #event wildcanyongames.org and get 6 friends to join. Register today
isnt that Amazing? Right above my culdesac <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A0> I'm so moved <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
not all can go so huge but about 75% can. It is nice to see all the details at a grand scale.
Why is law and order only played in all-day marathons? Sub-question: is it better to burn out or fade away?
plus I tolerate your comic book movies, old man.
Man this snow is bullshit
Where is Aretha Franklin???
watched current TV's piece on starting a club last noc. made it seem so easy. get all your friends to stalk the place and promote it ++!!!!
Greek yogurt experiment day one: Fage with honey
Please let us know if we can help in any way!
I have to be in the friken cafeteria pretty much all day :p
: actually, I started that book & put it down, don't know why I didn't love it. Now u & Jane have talked me into going back!
Mouth watering food delivered to your door. Fast and Hot.............
Did I miss anything important?
This is a form of late binding. It gives you the flexibility to change behavior per object without resorting to case statements
how have you ben? (:
Ford survey shows distracted driving isn't just a U.S. problem The risks posed by distracted driving -- a major regulatory debate in the
yeshh but we look nth alike
I just learned my nephew will be going to Univ. of Virginia in the fall! My alma mater, I am so proud of him! Congrats, Will! xox
I think you're much closer to the epicenter than I. Plus I was dead asleep at the time.
Thank you and for giving me a voice this morning! So inspired and touched by the episode & the emotion!
GFL to Stream Joe Schilling vs. Simon Marcus Lion Fight Promotions WBC Championship Muay Thai Fight Card
HSDKJHFKSDFHKSDFH HJKSDHFKJS YOU BETTER TELL ME EVERYTHING. YOU GUYS ARE SO CUTE. I LOVE YOU. YAYYYY <333
There are a lot of middle-of-the-pack schools charging >50k a year. I can't imagine being saddle with those loans, even w/ my job.
Okay, what does lime do for the garden?
Awesomesauce-ness. Thanks for the follow! :)
That awkward moment where its your first night sleeping in your own bed all weekend
as far as our traveling pack of Eagles fans go, this schedule could hardly have come out better
Oh yes. I do not have to go into work anymore. Someone loves me up there.
It is the most incomprehensible thing in the world
I got this
There is a mighty good chance. I must say...I do perfer the buns of and
Really?! As if one train wasn't enough?!
are both actually making sense. I can honestly say I am fans of both of you again. Thank you for speaking up!
I'm supposed to be sleep. This isn't right.
. Thanks again for sharing Nick!
Should I get Dish Network in my brother's bedroom? My parents would be jealous
don't cheat on your girl/guy. if you aren't happy, leave.
Hm... That reminds me...
:) I wanna go to bed tho
Great photo plant with Michelle at the Target!!! That will get us at least 5% in the Midwest commoner demo. Keep up the good work!!
Casey Anthony found not guilty of murdering her daughter-nation outraged. Same day 2000+ murdered in abortion nation silent
Got $5 that sez Phil Kabler never makes it on Twitter :) MT WHOA!! Features Editor on Twitter
quoting : "the code is not sold / it is a gift of freedom / you can not own us"
South Florida Technology Alliance has the best sponsors and members around!
Productive day w/ meetings w/ & - not all at the same time!!!
So now I need to cook but I rather bake banana bread but I really should cook...but I rather bake the bread
Thanks for making us part of your day!
Looks like I'm going back to Staples Center Monday night...
I look like a Dbag in my picture
The people tweeting you aren't actually fans. Britney's actual fans are glad you're back on board.
Why are my eyes so heavy? What is this nonsense? <U+E058>
What is your favorite dry shampoo? Any recommendations?
good one<U+E41F>
The ghetto is not a place ....... its a mindset!
I saw a super cute bag you made earlier and heard you have an Etsy! Share, please!
I been told u not to rush anything. Take ya time. The right one will come along
Charlie sheen new show on fx?
Bring your sweetie or your pal to the Inn tonite for a hot meal and cool music by . Musicians welcome too!
That is wild! Thanks for sharing.
I hope you're doing well. I'm interested in hearing what you are up to.
We don't need magic to change our world. We have the power inside us already. We have the power to imagine better.- J.K Rowling
it's 4 am & i'm walking to the store lol a nigga got the munchies ^_^
Can today fly by? I wanna go to work and make monaaaayyyy
Time to remember those we lost last year. I know we'll see Whitney but I hope we don't spend too much time on her.
I saw where the Washington Zoo is welcoming a new naked mole rat. Now Newt Gingrich can have a buddy just like him when he is town.
“: Right now a Marcus McClinton "We Believe" theme would be great for the team right now”
#ThoughtsDuringSchool When the flying fuck do you ever think I'm going to use this in my life? Shut up and let me sleep.
If you haven't received a Member Card, log into your account at joinsporting.com, hit "Edit" and make sure your address is in your profile.
FUCK YEAH BABE!! That's going to keep me hard till I get home, i'm going to send you a cummie, sticky, wet video of me getn off
I know right?
Third Dark Knight Rises trailer isn't as good as the second, but still pumped to see this movie!
You know you're a klutz when you bump your knee in a dream.
It's amazing how much joy you can take in when you shut up and listen.
what's on the agenda tonight
if you are excited about the Brewers Opening day RT this!!!!!!!!
Dusty & Aretha make for a fine night of Sunday tunes...
There are too many "victims" around today. Suck it up and move on!
dude I just cried a lol bit.
In the grocery store, Myla told me she LOVES oranges. She took them out of the bag & told me again she loved oranges & licked one.
very interesting insights and search tools to help build lists. I'm happy to show you how I use it when you're in the office.
damn, too cool (;
Agreed, $ must b flushed from elections. But contr corruption depends upon how democratic & transparent is functioning of party.
We are all super exhausted from the weekend, but it was a great time. Thanks for coming out to see us at Inman Park Festival, everybody!
one of my eyes is puffy and my grammy is in town and I'm supposed to take her around town haha thank god for sunglasses ...
makes two of us. Folding is by far the worst part. Wish I could just leave it in the dryer haha
Make that a triple...RT RT : Hi Twitter. Send lattes and giving a shit.
Feels Like Summer <3
how have i ben horrible :(
Got my first big girl check today!! I am happy.
- is'nt that somewhere in Fresno Ca ? that would provide layers of conversations :)
it's not often you see "meat treat" and "gag" in the same sentence in a NOT sexual way, so kudos I guess.
I love to Jenny get back to me.xoxo :-)
Reflecting on life
I've been away for awhile but just been busy all I can say Is God is Good and it's so amazing to see the red carpet of his path unravel :))
it's pretty depressing...
RT Unless u choose 2 do great things with it, it makes no difference how much u are rewarded, or how much power you have
Good morning everyone!!
I'll even bust out the Wacom.
I'm looking for a decent used road bike. Anyone know of good places to go?
We're loving our new items from LUCY! The colors and cuts are flattering and functional!
Dynamo job fair tomorrow n saturday
How was everything?
You don't know who that is!? Lol
No, not just another spammer. We do occasionally tweet city info that may be helpful. Most of my stuff is personal opinion.
Lindsay Lohan caught drinking on probation. Sentence: watch 24 hours of Lindsay Lohan movies. (except Mean Girls, that one was funny)
We should Bangarang on the Weekends.
big things ahead, God is in the drivers seat!
Hey Pretty Lady:) Big Hugs...
Sometimes, we just don't learn enough about what we are attempting to realize.
New Pet Peeve: FREAKING WORDS. Example: Guinea pig?? M, why not Ginny Pig? Stupid words.
I the blog URL on your twitter profile & saw your bouncy ball, but no bouncy Harry video. Glad it didn't ruin your vball game!
Great meeting you last night at Bully. Hope you enjoyed it!
well i want to get on a chat site and get on cam and stuff
Don't miss the Swedish meatballs in the cafeteria. My kids love them.
UGH I hate cold classrooms D:
Skype now on stage. Yesterday's workshop with & today's meeting make it crystal clear that crowd sourced innovation is key
Looking for some appitizer recipes any ideas or great websites? Let me know Thank you
Not posted yet. Someone blow up my DM if they see it before I do.
lol I haven't seen any of the folks from my high school says in years. I hope they are all doing well.
A guy shouldn’t be worth your tears, you should be worth theirs....
The truth that I have entered into IT-related business is proof that businesses ought to evolve and keep with time.
I don't usually crash til 11/11:30 anyways, so it's not a big stretch. Friday's are a breeze!
it's when you have a foot shaped bruise on your stomach.
Trying out social tv for the night...
Feel crazy good
That was a fun case study and some nice history on the store. Thanks for sharing!
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure--which is: Try to please everybody.
Was having an incredible dream with my dad when an earthquake woke me up in the middle of the night. The earth is moving...
love this 63 degree weather we're having
I love that movie!
RT : #JMacUp Make sure if u buy soundtrack on iTunes that u leave a review and talk about 's "Up"!
How do measure your sm impact? Lots of free tools/tips listed in the book. FB insights shows great demographics.
oh yum. i need to get my butt over there for a good bagel sandwich
Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases great ones, as the wind extinguishes candles and fans fires
hey follow me on tumblr ..link is in my description
Chinese food yum
I'm his wife. :) RT : "She always looks like she should be in a White Snake video."
I remain faithful , when all is said and done they will be in the playoffs.
When I get my car I'm not gonna be late ANYWHERE
Appreciate the post share - - Have a great weekend!
HELP ME CONVINCE MY MOMMA. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Tf that suppose ta mean , thas ugly Bitch . I ain't no hater ugh
I have sent your personal assistant my resume, any job openingd
Don't worry about inflation, deficits or bonds. Worry about jobs!
#whoelsedoesthis My VM is delivered as an email to my inbox, but my annoying blinking office light sits in Columbus.
Nephew did the impossible to happen in this reality thing of aborting "tag" w/me.
I love my bio family.
#favoriteshow <3 how are you? girls
Just sent you both dropbox referrals. If you sign up, we both get +500MB of space.
<---- Follow Him !! Sweetest dude youll ever meet ( :
Help Support us in creating new jobs in Nevada!!!!
It's probably a bad idea to base an entire semester's class around alpha software, right?
my friends say im a fool, to think that your the one for me i guess im just a sucka for love <3
Well that fight was fast. Haha
Found another illustration! by Wally in Life Magazine Nov 21, 1955. "The Anatomy of a Red Spy Ring" by Isaac Don Levine. p.172
Hey neighbor. You can join us at the Westin tonight after 8pm to watch the results!
Can not stand #jerks!!
If I Have To Take That Stupid English Exam Because Of That Quiz EVERYONE Failed, Im Just Gonna Go Crazy.
What is your favorite song on 's album??
Sweet! My tax refund will just about cover the rest of school for the year! :D
that vowel movie was pretty good
what is it supposed to be about?
Michael Lock is really funny talking about the #cloud (& his daughter's singing) Poking fun at c/s, msft and sap
After thousands of forward emails from my family, one great joke finally appears: What do you call a genius? An average kid w/a Jewish mom.
Precision Garage Door Service in many locations across the US has now come on board giving discounts to Diversity Platinum members. Welcome!
Tis 1s 4 u & me livn out our dreams Were al rite where we shud b Lift my arms out wide I open my eyes & al I wana c Is a sky ful of lighter
no, I left that out on purpose :3 gonna cry bout it ?!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Hope you have an amazing day! love ya xoxo
Just sat in on the "Big-Bodied Burlesque" session. Great 30ish-participant convo. A little too much sexy for one guy to take!
I was never nervous about public speaking until I was on the same mic as John Gurda, Cebar, Hal, Jules, & Tom. Thanks, &
I agree with U if you're gonna reach conclusions like that, you better have your ducks in a row. Like the Belle Curve authors did.
Loved the Corolla we rented. Also loved putting 1671 miles on a car that wasn't mine.
You know you have test anxiety when an open notes quiz on the syllabus causes a bit of uneasiness.
The rain let up, it will be good to get some jobs done in the yard
You dnt got to talk about happiness it shows
Then I said, "Here I am, I have come--it is written about me in the scroll. Psalm 40:7
Happy birthday old man !!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABYCAKES<3 *le gives you a million cats*
Cerus (NASDAQ:CERS) to Present at the Wedbush 2011 Life Sciences Management Access Conference on August 17, 2011
I had a great 6 mile run this morning...now I need a nap!!
“ Relationships are either all or nothing, make sure you're not exchanging ur all for nothing”
"My lack of participation in your cause does not infer lack of support" - Great wisdom from
Cops goin be scared of her ass
please follow me, i love you & your singing<33
did u check??!
hahahha I know
“: I love finding money in my clothes. It's like a gift to me, from me.”
What an amazing sunset!!!
haha it just means ur awesome NBD
Clients needed to expand our program,we can help navigate debt for free!!
What do you call an ugly rabbit that sits on someone's forehead?Unsightly facial hare!
I can help!
Grandpa and dad is drunk #thatscute . lol
can you help me get to families in San Fran who loved ones were injured in fires. I want to give a survivors perspective to ...
no he has no kids, he way to busy
you light up my world like no body else, the way that you flip that hair, gets me overwhelmed. <333333
true! Haha! Can u please follow me? #hungerforunger !!! :D
Don’t sit around and try to change your past, when you have your entire future to look forward to.
you gotta love short holiday weeks!
#NowPlaying: Vinyl Grooves with guest actor/writer
I'm my highest when the music is playing.....
I may do the dreaded open Mic night at hodies half note tonight in Fort Collins. I have new offensive material to test.
I am proud to have been part of Michigan Football history and will always cherish the memory.
Omg I love them so much and love when they do that song!!!!!!!
two at will call under your name!
Musical word of the day: stringendo - tightening, narrowing
What is our Friday Favorite? We love www.clae.com for their stylish, modern takes on classic designs.
Cut this air on, too make me go to sleep
at , I live tweeted the entire business meeting, answered questions from attendees...
lol =( thumbs down ...ur not my friend..Malik voice
yes perhaps on an outside veranda!
New season & lots of changes for the Clark County Vipers! Don't miss the game Saturday at Kiggins Bowl 6pm!
The next sentence implies that he will be back! Very shady reporting! If you guys only knew the "real" story! Good riddence!
Great show in coldspring.....great show in beacon....today is newburgh but its raining but we still commitin! #tired of raaaiiinnn
I don't think my twitterworld spent enough time on Katy Perry's outfit. Or was almost nothing said just enough?
I do
Nearly a third of the donations to the Bowl-a-Thon for Abortion Access were $15 and under! Modest giving adds up to big change.
but isn't that what you said?
Anquan #Boldin of the #Ravens will be taking over the MD #football camp this year. July 6-9, 2011 at McDaniel College.
I'm right over there!
The times when your the most alone are the times you need someone the most
Hope you enjoyed your experience!
Easy money? As in app dollars? Or ranking status for research grants, alumni donors, etc?
I'm seriously in! I'll email ya!
and hoodies. at the same time.
sorry i couldnt tweet u ill tell u why in da messages
RT ": if u dont have trust...u might as well say fck everything cuz u dont have nothing" you ain't neva lied.
I have the worst diahrea. Like im afraid to sleep lmao, goodnightt
Sometimes I need someone to protect me . . . I'll admit that now .
The Cavs would be smart to dump Sessions today. He can start on many other teams. If we get a first rd pick, that's great.
And how. RT : Sunday nights are far less fun since Downtown Abbey went away.
I know her.
Breezing through this week today's a high of 54°F & clear. Who's excited 4 #ValentinesDay? We have exciting tours lined up!
This whole "dancer" thing is kinda getting out of hand. Maybe I should reveal my true passion... Bowling.
Thanks for the follow, must say I'm gonna check you out for myself!
wow not true!!!!
Its boring
I'll have this recipe and 2 others to share in a week or so.
lol! You were soo heading towards that direction! x) lol
Eat and drink and be happy today!
RT : Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach
A man without decision of character can never be said to belong to himself... He belongs to whatever can make captive of him.
Giving a speech tomorrow at the Villa Rica Public Library on Hackers and how to stop them. Come hear it!
Just finished rewatching Short Cuts, one of my favorite films and the reason I'm such an Altman fanboy, uneven as he is.
So Wondo's goal was into the windy side of the field.
#IThankGod for loving me first! #read 1 John 4:19 We love him, because he first loved us.
Genealogy madness is in full effect!
ually letting them choose your dating partner"
Looking forward to talking with the in Vienna tonight about reform, innovation, unity, and
mfs be playing man
#MelroseMac service is a rip-off! Wanted to charge $150 labor to replace DVD drive. It's a 15 minute job! How do I know? Did it myself!
I just wanna push the ol hag down when he starts prancin around in the original Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
She came through she bbrought food she got fuxked she knew wassup
I <3 your ad libs. You're HILARIOUS!!
9:15 I know its somebody birthday happy birthday to whoever she or he is
Follow back babes
would love to pay you to host a video chat about the Saints and interested in advertising on your website. DM me for details.
Hopes are but the dreams of those that wake.
Purchase a #HomestandCombo and enter the raffle to win two #CrosstownClassic tickets! Go Cubs!
When we’re willing to face up to our faltering faith,we give God room to do what only HE can do. When we fake our faith, God won’t touch it.
Wow Ryan Braun won his appeal! History is made in MLB! #fantasybaseball Where does he fall in your drafts NOW?
Sometimes no matter what you say you can't help people...
My friend had said for years a rich lathered soup from one palm and warm firm stream of water from the other. Human shower.
congrats lil brother! If you need help with publicity-hit me up ! Luv ya!
Ron Paul is right again: Republicans are regularly on the wrong side of technology.
We must learn what comes from hell and what comes from heaven and agree with heaven. John 10:10 - the great measuring stick for life.
9 Beach Vacation Ideas | Tips from the beach
for real
never done that before. sweet. in Baltimore watching the ravens game w bro. 3hr bike ride earlier. Sweet!
Do you recommend twitbacks.com
New word for today: Simulacra. An unreal or vague semblance. I'm going to try to use it tomorrow. Hope I don't hurt anyone.
coworker had one new and it was close to falling apart and killing him on highway. He got a payout from Jeep. Stay away, imo.
Congratulations to Haley and Ryan. You had a beautiful #wedding. Thank you for hiring #Time-Keepers Productions to cover your special day.
It was funny as soon as i went to leave bvb came on and scared the shit out of me. and he started to laugh at me
*waves hard* to all my new followers! :D
iloveyou <333 && you know im here for you lol im the frnd that puts lotion on ur backk because other ppl are lazyy.!
you bet! great work on the map!
21up the wave in DC tonight is CURRENT 1215 Connecticut AVE NW DC Email FULL NAMES 2 w/ Current as subject
MIami Improv workin out doin 2 shows with my man GODFREY he packed this place and is on stage rippen it as we speak!!!!
Received an exciting email that made my weekend! Looking forward to Monday and beginning work w/ + on a great project.
so jealous. Bring me and some please.
Hear the NEW song from the Zac Brown Band on the New Music Spotlight at 8pm!
And I don't understand why SK isn't on Url too, dude is cold.
I inspire libido to aspire against itself
Is it Friday yet?
Laying in bed and listening to Pandora
Thank you to the Children's Board of Hillsborough County (CBHC). www.childrensboard.org
Think you're a Lunatik? Send us a pic in a Lunatik Tee and have a chance to be our profile pic and maybe on LunatikClothing.com
Fun fact of the day. Under SOPA, you could get five years for uploading a Michael Jackson song; one year more than the dude who killed him
Ceelo couldn't wait to put on that robe.
Police: Alcohol a factor in fatal wrong-way crash on Bishop Ford
“: Drop kicking your best friend in the face #YOLO” your thoughts?
I don't know what I was thinking re: tomorrow. I have esperanza spaulding tickets.
hahahaha that's perfect!
Neilson in with power and purpose
I meant--why MongoDB over similar products like Cassandra?
I miss you. The old you.
going to go and work on Blake's Tale for a bit but I will be bouncing back and forth if anyone needs me.
If ur child outfit came from old navy & you wearing Louboutin, Hermes, Fendi, etc. Attach weights to ur neck and free fall from a plane
It's time for a nap before I do this homework.
Where'd you eat tonight?
Hey #futbol players, lookin' for a new pair of turf shoes. Got any recommendations for what's good out there?
It takes a second to say hello but forever to say goodbye... Moving on is easy but what u leave behind is what makes it hard
hey! I was dying to ask you for a picture. Love u! Are you going to dinner with Coop tonight?
Well, it wasn't a homer... But I totally had the Brewers winning on a Braun walk-off at around 2pm this afternoon.
Stupid fights make relationships more beautiful... <U+2665>
I would be honored to make an appearance! What's the best way to reach you?
Thx for the follow and don't worry in not shy! Wait and see how I turn upside down and vack to number 1
Being guided in our understanding of the Gospel by the explanation of the holy Fathers, we keep the tradition of the holy Church. the Arena
DAMN LILMAMA GOT THE SPIT SMACKED OUT OF HER
i know well at least chachi is in san fran... if u like her tht is... cuz i do
me too! In my class we actually have to write about blogs that we find (lucky me) haha
they're great! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AF>
top with a small salad of fresh herbs and pickled chilies
Thx 4 the love! RT Thanks 2 Jessica bar 4a great time. loved BBQ shrimp&chicken thighs. Savory cheesecake a must!
i bet
Thanks! Enjoy the ball and let us know what you're reading!
Me too... man. I love frites and sriracha mayo. And have you had the steak sandwich with it? YUM!
You are so talented.
Losing sleep. Losing weight. What the fuck can a guy do?
Yes! Huge win #Caps. Holtby is the man.
starts event off with story of an ever she and and David Corbett - at a nudist colony! Wish I'd been there for that!
Hell yeah she need to stop playin n her friend also lol
Posted! Haha I am awake because I got caught up in my netflix!
“Those who hope in the Lord will renew their strength. They will soar on wings like eagles; they will run and not grow weary.” Isaiah 40:31
Dang. I'm so smart. I should be an admin to a NU'EST page or something.
our page just "liked" your page...
Big Bend 78, Lower Columbia 71 ....FINAL.......Blake Skidmore 42 points for Big Bend
I call the top bunk.
um thanks for bringing me some haha :))) #CoupleOfTheYear>>>>
I did follow back!(:
Omg a muscle relaxer would be so awesome right now..
good look brozo
Brand should be cohesive across mediums. Logo, website, events social media, signage
the honor was mine for sure. xo
driving providence road between sugartown and west chester pike = some of the most gorgeous countryside scenery in chester county
Does Anybody Else Use Ping??? Tweet Me :) I Just Started My Account :)
We're opening up tonight. Don't miss it...
... it would make sense that our accuracy is best when players are universally trying their best to win.
i guess so...i am sure they would make an exception for all of us as well (sarcasm).
Clearly I am doing something right on #socialmedia that this many people are telling me about the new West Wing cast video.
Asking>>>>>>Assuming.
Is excited to work with on the 48 hour challenge this weekend.
Hi Im an ICONiac . I love 16 Boyz from Englishtown Nj .:D
Same here; relieving myself watching gay porn, and writing gay stories.
“: People who smoke cigs are in the beginner stage of being lifelong crackheads.”
oddly enough I too discovered homemade polenta today...
I would kill for her hairstylist! RT : your hair looks so good this morning!
NO. Him and Caitlin were better :)
"please email with your resume and full discrition of exeriance and experties" I saw this in a want ad. Public school system at work?
may you prosper in 2012 go for your goals
Justin? Seriously?
> BG, you need to start following on twitter for your Big Ten football information. Simply the best.
It's June 16. Save the date! I'll be in touch with more info.
Brushing your teeth six times before you go to the dentist so they think you have really good teeth :D
You are a beast! Saved beast!!! Way to tie the game with just one swing!!
Looks like basic rock climbing skill is required...
Lift that dumbbell 1, 2, 3. You can do it easily. Muscles have great memory. So you keep losing later on, even while watching TV!
the time has come for me to start my twitter experience! Now to figure out how this works!
Thank you for the wonderful experience! I already miss working in the pink palace! :)
This guy I swear.. People talking to you! React! Don't just stare at them like a dumbass!
Christopher Munch's Letters from the Big Man tonight at LAFF. Salaam Dunk if i can get out of my office in time.
“: Ok friends. It's about to begin!!' can't wait ! #TheBachelor” The beginning of the end!
California may be up on the bandcamp tonight ... Or tomorrow...
It's Friday the 13th. A good way to bring yourself some good luck today is to drink Rubicon beer. I should know!
Giant &#39;Godzillus&#39; Fossil Puzzles Geology Experts in the US
Lol partying with a.cook.
is on a webinar learning new PR strategies
I told you his copywriting was killer.
Cliff Lee scheduled to pitch against his new team??? Bad news for my Red Sox when this deal gets done.
Hate extremely vain people!
Perfect night with . Even though he didn't like The Lucky One...<U+E40E>
your stuff is lovely! thanks for the follow.
thank youu! She loves doing those stand alone poses lol :P
Watching Metta World Peace on Conan. Never thought it would come to this.
Feeling slightly weird that the lights went out on the train & most of the ride is underground! Well, have my #smartphone to shed some light
Fall in love because you love a person. Don't fall in love because you are lonely.
Broke is temporary, and poor is eternal.
I'm glad I'm finally at peace with all of the people that I neglected for all this time.
It would have to be damn sweet to be as good as Tribes Ascend. I am amazed how much it feels like the original during battle.
there are so many people in my life I regret meeting
it'll be okay!
Who should we listen to today? Any suggestions?
Hour & a half long drive with my crazy religious aunt...this should be good
Mega Bloks Builder - Pocket Gamer
RT : If you haven't already, I highly recommend , a great store with great people #supportlocalbusinesses//thx!
It was about attribution rules for political party donations to candidates. Not all contributions.
We continue to debate direction at my agency -- whether we are PR or advertising. We are both but will emerge in predominance.
The law requires that a budget be passed. In 2010, the Senate did not take up a budget. Nor have they yet this year.
Sed think he funny.... i was 'bout to kick his ass..
I took my almost 2 year-old to a cookbook party tonight and managed to drink wine & talk to people & eat. Thank you !
#DemonicDerek you might find your entry to dungeon sooner rather than later!!!
why is the focus always on the traffic jam, instead of the people who may be hurt or dead?
Also, students in focus grp frequently noted lib site should help them find textbooks. So we tested that with new design.
Finally able to keep food and liquid down.
“: aight I'm done yall gone gang up on me see what u got me in to poopy smh lol” yea #weak lol
Finally mobile again! I think ive gone through 5 phones in less than 5 years. Smh
Your book seems like a hell of an investment...I want one.
doing what LOL RT : this is gonna sound perverted... but i wanna work in a late night video :D
I would think it would be much later than 2025
couldn't agree more.
Math Pick 18: Classic Pick - Math for All Seasons by Greg Tang!
Just saw a woman yelling at her child while throwing trash in the middle of the street.
There a time and place for everything
hahahha this made my day :D
My mama skated on me early this morning smh lol
couldn't agree more! But lowery is playing like an allstar so that's all you can ask for.
me too. Radar doesn't look very good
gotta make up our miiiiiiiinnddd. oh us play play play all the same old games and we wait wait wait for the end to change....
EVERYBODY GOT PROBLEMS !!!!
A1 Shredding,Customer Appreciation Day, Sat, Mar 10. 9-12, 402 Gray St. FREE shredding up to 4 boxes (15x12x10) Paper only.
The Weather Channel is all over these storms in Houston.
I think it's tacky how this whole thing is being played out on twitter. Then ask for privacy during tuff times.
lol i miss you too ellie
agreed, but the right to peacefully assemble is legal as well and is being met with illegal force. It's divide & conquer.
that’s Jack boys down stairs No man with the big pack just man with the big gat Tryin to take his shit back cause he feel the world owe him
Thanks for your advice. Calling this afternoon to set something up. Y'all are my saviors these days.
“: go Sharks! ” (it's always cool to see them beat the Ducks too)
There could be something else wrong with it. You should probably have it checked out.
Oh google docs.. How you make my work day a pain to get through.
Thanks for the mention, that is great news!
Heartened by how many times I heard discussion of #incomeinequality on my drive to work. #OWS doing great job of shining light on it.
had a wonderful wknd went my niece's 21st bday party and had fun with the family,
I'm okay now :) sometimes life just gets you down
Good luck to all of those in the GERMS EMT-B class who are practical testing today!
right back like i never left
RT : I did! Have you voted "YES"? Tell the world #ivotedyes for #OneUnion!
yes I am! Come and entertain me Lol
Radio is in business to SELL ADS not find HOT MUSIC. If your song doesn't = More Listeners it = less AD Sales. BUILD YOUR FANBASE!
Its all bullshit now a days.
my favorite was when we would start meowing loudly anytime a shitty song came on
Gets online my timeline is nothing but about 's new song. Lol ( which is beast btw!) So i thought maybe he'd RT me if i tried!
Unresolvable tension? de Soto on open info to boost economies v. J.C. Scott (Seeing Like A State) on same as means of state control.
Country Fried Steak!
insert awkward pause here. I've lost your address. Can you resend it? (been swamped with music..sorry)
I'm going all the way down I'm leaving today <3
thnx love you to my little boo boo!
i'm sending all my best thoughts your mom's way!!
TOO LATE
“: Even Bigge Smalls had to come back to Cali Cali.” and he never left
S/O to my phone always being on 0% battery life
All the food coming from the kitchen smells like heaven! Is it time to eat yet??
so do you have to be at the audition to make it or can we upload a video
Yes girls. I do go to school with 0 makeup on. Try it sometime.
Hamlin on pit road when he left the pit
I told Willie but I feel bad he has work I dont wanna make him do that!
“: If mercury doesn't get the f*ck out of retrograde I may give birth to a small menstrual alien on stage.” I love her so hard.
JC Guess drawsomething is on hold!? That is a great picture!
Luv reading the twitter posts by angry #lakers fans who think their team always deserves to win.
Yes, brunch and a movie--The Avengers!
i won't call myself an innovator. i incidentally won't stop others from calling me one.
Really sick and fucking tired of all this shit, cant take it anymore... And people ask me why dont i hangout anymore
w.e nigga
looking forward to seeing you at the next Friday!
good bro, I miss seeing those morning ab exercises in the weight room!!
‘Does this item or thought or response move me closer to my vision for my best life?’
Best thing to do when feeling sad is focus on things that make you happy. (That's why I love photoshoots) Currently "comment-trading on
I Have a Pic I took of Taylor Swift @ the CMF in Tenn. and I caught something that I think you guys should see
WTF is a Yankee Hotel Foxtrot? Is Wilco a company? RT 10 years ago today, Wilco released 'Yankee Hotel Foxtrot'
Yikes! Besides rain, we've got hail now.
Suerte! I'm sure you'll be great! :)
QUOTES: It is a good divine that follows his own instructions. _William Shakespeare
yo you heard any hard confirmation on whether no way back was shut down?
Let's get to #OneShiningMoment already
why not!
Just wrapped work on another film! Details soonish - heading into the mixing sessions this week.
Don't worry. I'm a widely known professional stander. I'll be here for quite some time, whether you like it or not..
It's that magical time of year when I start saying, "Oh, is it Easter this weekend? Really?"
Sup bro, looking good sexy. How's it hanging
It has been a very wonderful conference!
#BBN join me in congratulating and on their invitation to the
Do, or do not, there is no try ~ Yoda |
Chute notes importance of meta(meta?)data that explains how data is interpreted in different contexts (and how & when it's changed)
Gearing up for another huge marketing overhall. The best part of being in charge and a designer is when I get the itch to change, I can do …
Devastating break-ups can really inhibit your ability to focus. How can you read Civ Pro when another couple bites the dust?
#MikeBettes from #WeatherChannel talked about what it was like to chase #Joplintornado. Jaw-dropping lecture.
So happy for good friends . . . . <3
Holy crap. This is total crap!
Yes, far too long. So, yes, soon.
Thanks to everyone for ur positive responses after seeing my video, The Moth presents Anthony Griffith
Time for some cable managment with that beer!
Have FUN today!! I love that show so very, very much.
you think you're so funny <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0> lol
Goodmorning.....Happy Derby Day!!!
Sitting on a packed light rail train after NCAA. How can this be in AZ & not WI?
Yes, I did just say "American flag realness." I am engaging in diplomacy.
just now tonight! haha INCREDIBLE Jerry Meals deserves to be fired! Didn't even bet on it but this pisses me off
Oh she merits a month-long celebration! Fun, any priorities in particular? I'm in NYC and love plaques; your site's fantastic!
right next to all the strip clubs on Erie hahaha
Guys are so fucking impatient
Even more tragic if that's possible. Stay tuned..Nothing from Palmer yet either.
Purchase now! Notice the Solution mirrored in your outside world within 24 hours. App Store - The Source Deck itunes.apple.com
Can't Sleep #Tired AF
at hotel delmano enjoying a beautiful cocktail
THERE'S NO OTHER WAY, THERE'S NO OTHER WAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
Sorry to hear Levon Helm is in his final stages of a battle with cancer. Our thoughts are with you!
2:00pm news conference to report on aliens in outer space. Will Senator Harry Reid's Dream Act now extend amnesty to Galactic aliens, too?
Hard to decide which Mansfield Park character I'd least like to be stuck in a country house with. Really tough call.
I got an iPhone 4S for Mother's Day!
Will have ppl realize, it was always more than just music!
Idk what dress to wear to the wedding tomorrow.. Ugh
Wtf . She's posting pictures saying inside jokes she doesnt even understand .
hahaha. seriously, I'd even forgotten the album was called Yourself Or Someone Like You. Actually ... not ... that ... bad ...
hahaha yeeeeeeh :S haha woo there's a lor of things O:
You can get away with anything in Georgia.
I smell win #10 for my
My phone is hot <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
I hate paying bills. On the flip side, I have one less bill to pay this month thanks to some sort of Money Based God.
Oh my! I'm shocked! They have FOOD in CVS!
some times its so hard to wait for something to happen
Thanks for the follow. Check out other members of
Ugh I need to grow some and go say hi!!!!
snap! Let's get to planning!
What is the MOST embarrassing thing that has ever happened to you?
it's only a number...i love it!!!
I DONT K NOW YOU STOP TWEETING ME
The awkward moment when you spell something wrong in a tweet and look retarded
also Pepperwood on Burnet Lane has pretty big units for the same $
Please don't twitpic me nothing under 8, catch my drift lmao
Is this implying that you're going to see us soon... Or...?
The NFL and the players need to stop this petty junk... Get them to work before it begins to effect the on-field product...So tired of it...
Good! How've you been doing? ^_^
Bout to walk outside in this heat just fucked up my day
a birthday card from ?loyal. customer.
The greatest pain that comes from love is loving someone you can never have.
Trying salon for the first time. So far, been snubbed & talked about by front desk clerk. This is gonna be interesting.
The teacher who was in charge for this little excursion is...not an outside-the-box thinker. At all.
I am writing a quiz on TKAM chapters 3-6 for tomorrow. #eng9 Be prepared!
S/O to for being the best friend a girl could have(:
Huh look at that. Twitter looks weird.
Is it too soon to be thinking these things again? :) should i squash my thoughts about it or let them be.
Did Ray Allen just throw up the 3-Goggles?
Oo. I should have been more clear. Because THAT session was earlier today.
Bryan Smith: To capitalize on market, leverage machine-learning, train computers to analyze data as well as people can.
Fuck you Reading Counts.
Thuggin alone today
I have to agree with you about bad sound and now everyone who has a business is doing audio and video.
Ive already gotten a lot of friends to like your page since I found you but they're all too lazy to post on your wallxD
The remnants of 's 2nd cheeseburger of the day remain like criminal evidence in our workspace
you should get "Ball So Hard" in the side of ur head!! Lol that would be swag!!
Any good movies on Netflix?
On the fields of friendly strife are sown the seeds that on other days and other fields will bear the fruits of victory.
Perhaps you need a Music Wayback machine to pick up early recordings of blues/jazz/soul.
especially for Puerto Ricans ... Samoans
Me too. Totally worth the 20K in rent I paid this year. ;)
we could make a killing!
4 years with today :)))
Just saw a girl with a Predator tattoo. Now that's COMMITMENT.
And y'all know I watched Family Business!!! Loved it!
my life is starting to feel like The Pelican Brief...but with more crazies and less attractive politicians
I have a swimmer and have felt your pain! Hope you had dome good books and the kiddos swam well!
Is it wrong to hate pollen? Ugh my sinuses
If you really want to put him down tell jokes about his mother. I kid Mate. Is there going to be a squeal to Master & Command?
=[ i dont get cell service at my house, and my ipod doesnt get calls, if i gave you my home phone and you call and my mom
Great working with you tonight on the Coach's Show. You are a great talent, a pro and you rock!
Eyeglasses or contact lenses?
hey www.JavitaLaunch.com
''Devon need to put his shirt down'' ''Idc of ur opinion'' ''fuck u'' ''im just kidding, give me a hug'' ''you always be doing this shit''
SOME BABYS LOOK LIKE PUPPY BULLDOGS..
Mens dress shirt sizes have gotten wacky. My 16 34/35 from 5yrs ago way bigger than the 17 34/35 bought yesterday. Trim cut nonsense
you shouldn't flaunt it ;) unless you want it.
on behalf of & thank you for your support!
I have and hour half to get 40 followers
I've never had a resume that didn't have my picture on it.
Just got home and relaxing!
Boulder Coffee @ 100 Alexander St. will be hosting a benefit for the re-election to the City Council of Dana Miller on Sept 1 from 530-730.
Goodbye mountains, I'll miss you!
yeah, I looked it up. She's black. And the zombies she has on chains is her dad and her bf.
GROW A PAIR!! ...or as Betty White would say "grow a vagina!"(cuz balls are weak & vaginas take a pounding)
I returned my 2010 Census Form. Did you? Today is the last day to mail it in!
Just checked out the cool show in the sky...alignment of crescent moon, venus, and jupiter
at least a dozen ;)
Okay now that my favorite player #Melo is out...I have to hope the nuggets win...
We are thrilled to be in the semi-finals of the for high impact startups. Off to Boston to pitch!
Happy T-Day !
Just scrolled down my tweets all the way to September 21, 2011... Took a while.. i was trying to find out when i made my twitter
Abrazo desde DC Ken! Didn't know you were a SM maniac!
Groundhog Day is coming. Am I the only one who still chuckles whenever they say "Gobbler's Knob?"
What an incredible day it has been! I am so blessed and Determined!! 808!!
how i go to Drew with all my juvenile questions. Lbvs
#ArtsTech ISO 'concrete' example of disruptive technologies from Jonah Bruckner-Cohen - placing rules on accepted forms of online discourse
Is Looking Forward To Talking With Georgia's Governor Nathan Deal Tomorrow At Lunch.
Hate hearing the, can I hang out with my friends, what a line of crap
microwave pizza.
welcome to ! We shld do a B'more/DC meet up. Cldn't get up to charm city for ur B-NET happy hr last mo. Up 4 it?
Just tagged you in a couple. Enjoy!
myla is her name
thx fir the fav! Today was my last day in biz here Be out there in about a week or so
Want to learn more about Jewish life in Central and South America? Follow at
When people think they can tell me what to do < yeah, fuck you. You're not my mom.
lol in the morning? Or at night?
Are these slides going to be online somewhere?
Stoked for the new Chelsea Grin EP! Counting down the hours til they release the single 'Lilith'
Missed my first #Ravens game since 2007 yesterday - and apparently it was a good thing I did. They'll bounce back against the Rams, though.
If I wrote about the way this guy makes me feel, people would think it was bad fiction. Hell, a few months ago, I'd have agreed. Yikes.
T-Force doing all the right things! Making us proud :)
I wan dunking doughnuts!!!
Senior year, gonna lose some friends, cuz its time to be real with EVERYONE. no more fake, no more holding back. ARE YOU READY.
Highlight of my napa vacation... Oreo cows mating
Thanks Andrew for tweeting about our app Scrubly! We really appreciate your support!
If I had to sum up my life in three words, I would have to say: TO BE CONTINUED
When yhu say olive juice it looks like yu saying I love you
Depending on who it was, my first thought would be not to be in communication with them.
I can't stand sneaky ass MF's...what's the secret? I'm a big girl...what are you hiding?
Hanging out with the bros and ladies of ... Barbecuing it up
Very cool move!
Nap time
peep my last tweet as well
I love when teachers let you out 5 minutes early and act like its the best gift ever
Kopi Cafe, Acre, Hamburger Mary's, (and more) all on Clark St.
just made a *TweetTweet* :)
The only posts about 4/20 tomorrow are going to be from people bitching about people posting about. It's for fun anyways, so who cares
-- Yes, I would rather own Moustakas over Martinez. Did you miss all my pro-Moustakas stuff during the preseason???
All I want for my birthday is a full size, movie quality, chewbacca costume. Or a RT from a famous person. Either would make my day.
Come on now! We all knew it was!
That blonde patch has got to go. lol
Anne Tyler~ It is very difficult to live among people you love and hold back from offering them advice.
sign me following & gaga hiring record label a&r & promoter record producers 4 recording opening act
nahh, i never have!
a diet coke and cup 'o coffee in and its only 8:50am.
I used to love the Teen Titans back in the day, tho.
I think TT will look for a Vet RB,And do a very high defensive draft.
Thank you lord for everything!
How do books win the in the attention economy? Answers during Deliverability: A New Way to Drive People to Content #pbc12 Odets, 4th floor
Riddle of the day: what is black, white, and red all over?
RT : A Romney-Fortuño ticket would be pretty strong.
U GUYS A REAL GIRL GROUP:) U HAVE SO MUCH SINGIHG TALENT AND I CANT WAIT TO SEE U GUYS ON 106&PARK! YOUR SONGS ARE SO GOOD:)
And don't forget, we've got music tonight too - will be playing. Good time for delicious sliders & good jams to finish the week.
Awesome! RT : Shout to #RPCVchat for connecting people. and I met IRL yesterday
She getting a new car?
Unclaimed Idaho Lottery prizes add up to millions
We should be taking innovative steps to use current media in order to prepare for the next
Side effects of stimulant-type ADHD drugs are increased blood pressure, confusion, and paranoia and can occur if the dosage is too high.
Tease with ur tongue + fingers by tracing all over the inside of her thighs and near and around her pussy she would start drippin.
Yeah the TARDIS translates the languages, but what about for those who don't associate with the Doctor?
That moment when your about to tweet about someone mispelling something than you realize you mispelled then
Too many spam tickets...
#FF <3 to This band is really awesome! Also follow: #ComeToSoCal (;
I'll second that emotion
Hey!!! Nice meeting you in #NewOrleans - We should get together here in #NYC !
Set off the emergency exit door at the library earlier. Why? Because fuck freshman, that's why. Happy finals!
Been sitting on my flight for an hour now, already 50 minutes late and no updates. Awful service, regretting flying Delta about now
Are you serious? "Gals"? Really? :O
Hopefully you're icing those knees, feet, back, shoulders and ankles on the plane!!
Yeah, they look a bit like they're made for a wedding gown; but, very pretty...
and they all havee
Like the idea of a service model rather than a standalone DH center - scales better!
Beautiful sunny day here at Moorea! Come on down
this is amazing :D
is still AWESOME! and i don't give a fuck about who wins the super bowl as long as i get snacks and beer.
Launch party this Thursday with Enlightened Grain Spirits, 2Face-Art by Lucianne, and Candy's Cake Pops...are you on the list?
thanks will do
I suppose I should do that huh?
Crushing at the shop. Getting amped up for this xmas party. Should be a wild one. Hopefully clothes coming off and/or on. Either works.
someones a good guesser.
can't wait! we'll be ready! cc:
Just took two minutes off of a four mile route I did last sunday! Woot!
I quit being afraid when my first venture failed and the sky didn't fall down. ~ Allen H. Neuharth
