RT : Seize the day and appreciate your life because you could be brutally murdered by Death Eaters at any moment.
I hate breakups hahaha
I think it's gotten to where Keith Jarrett coughing jokes are what fart jokes are to the Normal World.
So good! Really excellent characterization, which is rare for superhero movies. Really have to hand it to Joss Whedon.
why is such an angel sent from above? <3 <3
As a Social Media strategist an sometimes manager, my ultimate goal is to empower you to do your own Social Media.
Love the podcast, man. Been listening all morning.
In love :)
Lol, my bad for not tweeting back! I'm never really on here LOL!!!!
Sometimes your friends can hurt you worse than any of your enemies could
yes im so down
you're best dan justin because you passtime with your ''fans'' and make we smile and laugh... :D
Not neglecting to meet together, as is the habit of some, but encouraging one another...
WSFA.com BREAKING NEWS: Alabama unemployment rate climbs to 10.0% Holy Smokes!!!
Yo peeps! Just got the okay for our location! Contact us if you wanna be a part of our next MUSIC VIDEO APRIL 5TH
Was Portland your city?
OMG! Panic First!! Think Later!
well if you find that twin & he's handsome & sweet as u, send him my way...lol...the smile is a heart melter... :)
Transatlantic literary capital necessitated new epistemologies of property, says
I try to really draw out my words to sound even more Ahhhmerrican. It's weird to hear guys say "lovely" all the time tho
Gear'n up 4 a packed day of TBLMS w/ The Tree, No Room To Breathe, The Furiousity and China Fox w/ the real
We are so very happy Cody is there with you!! We love that boy so much and I know being back home is making him so happy!
just did an incredible story about siblings on NPR
Wha? Twitter has ads now? *dislike*
Cam wakes up hyper as hell. just woke up and started singing and yelling lol
the TEBOW haters are fakers ... Fake bronco fans are they fn blind the team was with out a heartbeat TEBOW rejuvenated
like the red Nike jackets you guys are rocking today.
#Coffee is keeping my mind sharp and my eyes open. It's a medical fact.
Yes I totally believe that.
"There's nothing quite like urinating out in the open air." ~ Agent Cooper
bath him
lol im doin hair RT Giving her time with her BOO!! She is really enjoying it bc I have not heard from her...
Well, they ARE the best headphones around
why didnt you tell me !?
Can't wait for an early morning WOD tomorrow to lift my spirits!
Thanks! Will keep you posted on life as database administrator (rather than metadata librarian)
working late-- pre-production on commercial shoots coming up... looking forward to late dinner.. hungry!
western digital makes the best externals. Never had an issue with em. Any time I try others I regret it.
Everytime I See Rihanna Oomf Cross My Mind....
i just got my nose pierced it did'nt hurt at all ...i was scare tho lol
Can't complain about the late calls fans this should have been done a long time ago. Screwbulls''t
I'm down to play!
When I told my best friend that I had been likened to Carson McCullers, she said, 'I get it - you're her without the soul-sucking tragedy!'
First PA gig started: holding down a parking spot for the next hour and a half.
RIP Adam Yauch? Wow...
AJ Green was 17th in receiving yards last yr, 21st in TD catches. Players reacting more to potential than production there.
Lets go Cards!
"Ravi zacharias" in the house. Love me some Indian accents..& Indian people. Ptl!
wish I had a decent mic as the best band in the world is playing right now in my living room
Put us in your #FF and we'll follow you!
Nice to see you on Monday at the unCon. Didn't realize I was following you. We were in the first session together
I need u to get w/ beginning of june after memorial wknd need track finished
that's what I'm trying to do
proposes to tonight on #KeepingUpWithTheKardashians!! cant wait!! :)
iHeartRadio Music Festival. MGM Grand. Las Vegas. September 23rd & 24th. Next chance to win tickets & the trip...6:35 on !
What a great bday gift! CONGRATS! RT : Thanks for all the grammy congrats! Its been a fun 18 hours ... and my Bday is tomorrow!
that don't sound to good..
One more week until the epic with Avenged Sevenfold, Three Days Grace, and Seether!!!!! This will be a huge, gigantic show!
I was just listening to Islands by The XX! :-D
Damn. Lots of Nostalgia smells today. What gives?
Oh, I bet they are all beautiful, . Well at least 795 of them. :-)
someone sext me!
I would be cherry
I. Love. My. Job. Christmas lunch with the #HutchensPR team and my fabulous boss gave me an iPad!! And a raise! Did I mention I love my job?
I was at work..now i'm not..lol. Good day...light rain outside!
always & forever no doubt;) & wow I can't even remember the last time we got into an argument ! <3 that's god!
nah you sexy
Marshall Co leads Scott Co 27 to 21 at half.
RT : Its time to get to know new people
Just found out that the "W.H." part of "W.H. Auden" stands for Wystan Hugh. I would have never hidden that magnificence with initials.
Gettin ready for the Mavs throwdown tonight. Join us at for House of Hoops for the pre party!
You don't want a $4000 32" hdtv anyway.
there is still room! let me know
working in an operating room right now just thinkin about beatin Providence. Go get 'em KJ!
Well then, awesome work Joseph
Manchester united showing brilliant quality & a hunger for more goals.
#MSC #doorsurvey - Need your help with naming our new app! Get creative, and cast your entry #MSC-Conf. Chance to win an Android tablet.
The one who says it cannot be done should never interrupt the one who is doing it.
Youve got that smile. That only heaven can make. I pray to god everyday, that you keep that smile. :)
Goin old school...catching up on Dawsons Creek reruns :)
great day at the EL workshop and now onto the goodies!
Thank You..I Did..
braun or kemp
Coffee. Coffee, music, and slow moving.
no I love her lots. Lots of love to give.
Our liveshot isn't happening either.crap. ": Camera problems......may not have weather camera? #mondayproblems"
Yeah, I think it would be a nice option for many. Plus, talented coders without college educations can still make good money.
you both have an amazing week as well !!!!!!
I figure you may know this but was Prime Suspect not renewed? Such a great cop drama.
We're excited too! So much Froyo to make!
#1DNewEnglandContest just crashed a prom
I followed him. Check my page if you want proof.
It can never be a good sign to wake up to the sound of a helicopter hovering near one's house.
And on a related note, the Virginia Festival of Student Film (formerly Salmagundi) is April 10-11 at Newcomb Theater. Mark your calendars!
Andrew Luck #Colts No. 1: Has mental, physical skills to be great replacement for Peyton Manning. Indy must build well around him
Watching the old Batman series w/ Adam West and the henchmen are wearing actual shirts that say "HENCHMEN". <3 it.
Go to settings, then profile, and click on change image. Then you can upload a pic from your computer :)
#ThingsThatPleaseMe A busy lunch :)
Watch out for WalMart in LatAm. They own 70% of Lider. And the Bentonville folk are, say their Chilean colleagues, fun to work with.
Luke chapter 24
Yeah!! We're going to a game here in SD on Saturday. So stoked baseball season is finally here! Oh yah, things looking up..
Love this!
Little sister driving... Josiah:"so this what it feels like when you're about to die. Clammy hands, sweating, freezing, hyperventilating..."
How does a ghost start a letter? Tomb it may concern.
ha I wish it was morning. I'm getting ready to go to sleep! My schedule if foolish. So am I fir going to sleep this late.
So Freaking Sleepy -_-
that's crazy man - pretty close to where I live... Heard Dickson got the worst of it
Two days until Katy Perry takes over B97!! Wednesday at 12n be here!!
fuck Hoover and a bitch!
i really need some comfort..*sigh*
Looking for a new job, something that I went to college for would be great! So tired of working 55 hours a week to just pay the bills
aye:)) and its not T THUBBY. is twubby lmaoo ..i think
Nice ending to 2009 this week and now I am ready for 2010!
Everyone I just followed #followback hahahaha thirsty!
Actually it's
3of4 beers left outdoors on my back porch survived the recent blizzards 3 microbrews and 1 pale ale slushie is such good Wednesday night!
and rainy sundays are awesome vacation planning days
You guys are AWSOME!!!!!!! Love MKB:legacy
thanks for the follow!
Best Deals Hobart Boilerless Half Size Combi Oven – CE20HD-1- hobart oven parts
Believe we have a winner.. still needs some touch ups but I have a face and I'm ready to rock! Drumroll please.....
lol okay den
People call me Cheese b/c I smile a lot. I use a lot of smilies, they mean I'm really smiling :) You can call me Cheese too if you like ;)
Let therapy wine lounge of new orleans be ur place to host ur party. Dates are filling up. holla
I picked Phillip to win from the beginning, so yeah he's my favorite. Who are you going to cheer for after tonight? :)
One of the most sublime experiences we can ever have is to wake up feeling healthy after we have been sick.
Was not shocked the Hawks just beat the Clippers. Hawks court/Home court for them. Moving forward to take on the Knicks.
Things have changed .
never leave you alone Count on me through thick and thin
Didn't Matlock ask? "Yellow Pages or TV?"
#flashontap pics from the official photog and video will be up by the end of the week
Come on dang! It ain't time to go yet?!
Bored listening to tunes...
i understand why now.
LOL RT : u gone learn today
Dear dumb girls, Quit trying to look like us in photos... It's embarrassing to our species. Sincerely, ducks
Good luck!!! RT June 22nd I will be performing at Comic Strip Live..1568 2nd ave NY NY $14.00 includes one drink...
she doesn't go to their meet and greets anymore... She did that before she was a signed artist.... Like any other person
Glad you like it...see you there?
is cold! Where did Summer go?
lol we gone see
We had an incredible turnout for our the teddy bear drive in Portland, thanks for the support!
Society made me like this.
went from high school bully to corporate bully. Now he wants to be President
so glad that even when we have busy weeks and don't hang out, we are still the same person
so true... Hahah. You know this kid is a pimp though.
I've been reluctant to use flash (esp the built-in), preferring natural light, but in some situations, just gotta have it.
It's getting rowdy up here in the KUNM studio! Merry Freakin' X-Mas!!
Later, I'm gon watch ALL of the "Harry Potter" movies for Lol. He's such a big fan of it lol.
damn, i'm killing 'em.
Of course Spanish is language of love and romance. Have you heard - 'Me Voy' & 'Lento', anybody? The music cradles you.
you get annoyed bcz you wanna get annoyed! Lol its called ignoring people
who's going to the NYC Believe Charity Drive? i'n going to the 14th because i'm sleeping there to see justin the next day on the 15th :)
What did you get for Xmas....?
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5> RIP Whitney.
please do!
I hate cute couples.
that's what I thought!
“: I'm not strong enough for the both of us, what was i supposed to do?”
we need to send a camera down to that!
#ThoughtsDuringSchool ah shouldn't the lunch bell have rang by now?!?!?!
After listening to the whole CD at MyPlay I can't pick a favorite song all of them are wonderful! :) <333
I just whole spazzed im so down like i use every badword<- haha and some other stuff... Im done with people these days!!
embraced! And Thank you ever so much, what a kind thing to say. I've no doubt you are amazing too!
I hope #SOMEDAY will notice me , I have been trying for 2 years.. #NeverSayNever #makemylife 10
yea if I was lovely an stuff I would be gay. But I'm not haha :)
lets not pray for easy lives only to become stronger men
God be with me as I make plans in my life. Help me make the right choices to avoid lotsa strife.
any suggestions for the best neighborhoods to live in Milwaukee?
Are you ready for #UConnFootball v. #Pitt on ? If in #Boston, join at 8pm at to watch! Cc/
I'm putting on a FREE prospecting webinar this tuesday 8pm est, contact me right away to reserve your spot!
you means dear interns! I love a nervous intern phone lie.
Nice little track before the #WashedOut set tonight...
#eduiconf meetup at Gibson's Grill starting now. Come on down!
it was a horrible song that's what happened
Good morning to you and a very Happy Friday!
...not to mention killing it in two separate interviews in 2009 & 2011...
The human will is like water, and you can hold back water for so long before is bursts open in your face!
VA: I-66 East slows from Bus234 to the Car Rest Area
Easy for you to say. SF has no winter. Just a long drawn out chilly spring.
Call it, " Spawn of #SOPA "
Do something extraordinary today in your workout & share it w me!
I don't understand why we all jus can't smoke a blunt, laugh, and chill. That's all I want. Can someone *HIGH* five me on that?
Did you hear it too? The Human Kind broadcast on slowing down, making time, being with neighbors, being still?
tomorrow I believe.
Cant band the blow man!
RT Advanced People Search.....I've found shoe designers,onomastic experts,you name it!
I don't rember I would have to listen to it over again I listened once months ago I think there's potential
would love to chat! Email me
I don't have a problem w/ that, but brands in general are fighting the loss of control that is social media
Randall Munroe does a great job of telling ALL the stories.
Not at our library. That was a pic from Uni. North Dakota's Special Collections library.
you should get him a present.
what if #Ravens can land Hue as OC??? Familiar w joe and system.
On my way to Maryland hopefully I'll get to see and
NSA and that's a rap!
hanging out is not dating, I've learned this the hard way....takes noted people
We are excited to expand our vocational training programs in the Bahn refugee camp in Liberia. Teaching baking, tye-dye, literacy + sewing.
I received the books! Thank so much, can't wait to share w/ the kiddo. I'll tweet a picture very soon!!
I hate when my nails chip after one day. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>
The 18year old mayor from Iowa on is great! Funny and hoping to make a difference in his town.
To everybody that downloaded my mixtape thank you very much without out you theres no me
#FauxNews not FoNews I feel that I can trust Ms. She & had the courage to start the conversation about IBC.
Trying to let you go but I can't :(
.. I don't make Team of the Week picks!!!! We have 19 beat writers, 10 editors who vote and I just compile the votes!!!!
I know his name is Darius Rucker. What I want to know is who the fuck is Hootie?
prime pro tip: if you consider yourself a professional then make sure you know how to spell. and spellcheck. it's insulting to everyone.
I wonder if strippers have nightmares about accidentally going to work fully clothed.
Brownie was the first thing that popped into my head, but it seemed a bit much for 6:30 am.
I really really want a juicer tho <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0085>
yeah that'd be amazing!
I wish we lived in a world without heart break...
my brother refers to u as italian boy lol
In line x86_64 OSX binary patches with perl oh yeah, with this here hammer everything now looks totally like a nail! Blamo!
lmao. Smh... We can't be friends now. *puts head down. Lmao
An Indie shop or a chain?
a different world back then. When are we getting together missy?
Comfort with ambiguity is lesson #1 from the rabbi at
Jesus died for my sins and all I got was this lousy t-shirt
Yep, Chocolate chip Teddy Grams it is.... for breakfast....
Cain says occupy wall street focused on wrong spot....says they should be in front of the white house
: It's called leadership.
Arrived at my caucus site...I'm currently the only person in my Precinct Caucus.
Omg this girl is making the cutest sex moans I've ever heard! I need to meet her!
Must just mean he's feeling good today. From now on, a bored Lucroy means he is on fire
discussing #voterid laws
#amanshouldnot take after Tiger Woods. #gtfo and #stfu if you gonna do that shit to us girls.
Coincidentally "blarg" sounds like a fictitious conqueror of worlds
But you want to? I often start to feel guilty just for wanting to do something bad, even if I don't follow through with it.
Did you attend our #CALCON11 session? If so we'd love to continue the conversation. What are your ideas for alternatives to the survey?
you did the same with and now with
Was gonna go to the beach today, but 63 degrees is too cold for Soo, back to #Grimm and #Smash :D
I'm going to get you that Closs jersey.
Yes, but because the structure is fragile, access is rather limited.
Everything coming together!! Plan..then Execute!
Great problem to have. Add any to the collection lately?
"I'm bored to tears..... Yea :-P" The Raconteurs
The Chernobyl Diaries commercial was on and it made me cry :( I hate scary things.
Sickest mash-up dj out there!
My cab driver just farted something illegal!!! But, he rolled down the window for courtesy??
RT : The vOICe for Android passed 140,000 total installs; craving for Google glasses for truly mobile hands-free use...
do some work
I am really learning this twitter thing. I will be looking forward to reading them 4 sure.
nah you're not I'm doing hw & it's really boring d:
Hahaha. I knew someone was going to!
I visited the music goods store here in mami's airport and was shocked not to find a Sound Machine anywhere.
I like to say furry...as does
Selling mulligans like crazy at the Tracy Lawrence Golf Tournament today!!!
When you look for the best in others, you find the best in yourself.
So...is Louisville pulling a UConn from last year??
Happy Birthday !!!
": Hang in there Anne!" Thanks Lou..sleep calls me..
Two new cookbooks - yea, yea!! Love my birthday cookbooks =)
That's not pretty either:-)
Two and a Half Men should be Two Men and no sheen :( Its not the same without charlie sheen :(
Awhh Guts is on Kerrang radio :')
Crazy night LOL
Thanks NYC principals attending my presentation today. We had some great conversations today!
Work go faster!
Shooter at Western Psych. Pitt campus on lockdown. Please stay out of harms way.
maybe if I said "um" less I would have been able to fit my talk into the 10 minutes I had :)
lol am chilling with besties xx lol so how you preparing for xmas lol x:)
What are you most likely to #retweet: #quotes, #stats, #info, #links, #jokes, or #pictures?
Officially on the Sleigh Bells bandwagon. Their new album "Reign of Terror" is CRAZY in a good way. Definitely a class of its own.
Off work early. Gym. Grilling chicken. Practice. Hanging out. Go!
My PLO game is about as good as your feet.....
Lovin the Bud, Doritos and the Leno, Letterman, Oprah!
“: Well is she or isn't she?”>>>just sent you a DM
good! Did you get that picture on fb? Haha
yes! But an old friend of mine owns crown :)
Love the Colt 45 unis and I am absolutely in love with the new Jays unis
as long as they want to give you bombs and money for Israel.
Haha, definitely a polarizing musician; people seem to either love him or hate him. ;-)
Today, i didnt wear any makup.....
I advocate 4my students' rights every day I go 2work. They have my back & I have theirs. It's what we do. You can't divide us
bahaha i know and we were like lets spit the bad flavors at that boy that was texting during the freaking movie lmao
I love yah
I just don't like yogurt. Never have... and it seems like every brand and flavor I try, the result is the same. Time to stop trying.
You've done something awful.
And cheese?
thanks man. Go Cowboys and Mavs!
hi edward! ah. the teen choice awards was awesome.
Outstanding guest perfs from & on tonight's #GoodWife finale!
Happy Monday, Butterscotch tweeps! Fresh attitude - Fresh start - Fresh you! Namaste.
Feelin good today !
not my turtle, but his nails are painted. :-)
Beth Mooney of Key Bank is first female CEO of top 20 bank in US.
Absolutely not! The last thing they need is more headcases in the locker room.
my research only stretches to cove shirts. May have to carry out this experiment on my own.
hi I'm you're biggest fan I love you're songs their amazing can u please please follow me or tweet me back please :) <3
Warm up lap, stretch, distance run, stretch. Muscles gotta be at least a little warm before stretching helps.
Why are we throwing Aroldis Chapman fastballs for passes
Cinesomatic.com is proud to strike against censorship.
So I have a hella lot of studying to do for summer exams including 38 chapters and 17 essays for history :o fuck that im going to cheat :)
We want 250,000 signatures for our Petition to the President for a strong National Alzheimer's Plan. We have 178,153 total. Join us!
ok, cuz my sis said they switched it 2 the ICONic anniversary cuz, well, it maid more sence
lol thank God i don't remember so i won't ruin the surprise. Lol Aww happy early birthday
you're too far -_- lmao. you're the guy. YOU are the one that makes the effort lol.
I'm in full support of this. The more monitors the better!
I feel ya soo much. I'm glad people like me, mod sun, and basedgod can atleast rap about nature & positivite vibes!
it worked for like one of them and I kept trying but the button isn't there. Haha I thought I was blind or something!
I like KD winning this onev
no problem!
I am going to try to say this nicely, dudes okay no people are nasty af why okay I'm done...nasty smh
"When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile."
I've forwarded it on... sounds like a great conference!
I miss all you can eat free food all the time lol
I also wear Sperry's...
I don't need no help my nigga, I can do bad on my own
Can you imagine a world without men? No crime and lots of happy, fat women.
Congrats to #Badger alum #KyleTurris for scoring the GW goal for the #Senators. Had the privilege to meet him in Madison...class act.
My mom sent me an email with the subject line of "mom".
OS : thanks so much for
it's not official hearing.
uhh sierra if yhu dont call me i will be mad!!!!! :)
You fought hard Mr.Virus, but I am the victor.
Thanks so much! And be sure to let us know when you make it up here!
He ain't got my heart beatin double time,
Of course I wait until the day the slides are due. No motivation.
Save paper, don't do homework.
I saw him and was like omg creepy 7th grade saxaphone player
Ridin wit my homeboy D Ross, this nigga said "Nigga look how important you are..watch when u walk in WalMart, the doors open up for you" lol
Thanks to Zoe Sheehan, Louise Geddes, and Roz Bernstein for fabulous presentations about their work on Blogs@ Baruch!
Long haired twins
ATTENTION ANDERSON! Last minute booking!!! GEMINI will be at Shout's Pub Tomorrow at 10pm Just $3 to get in! Age 21+
Can you ask him to follow me?..ive been trying for so long aha
Watching Cotto vs. Margarito 2. Cotto has sick ass combinations routing for him this weekend!
Updating your "welcome" tab (or other custom tabs) on facebook for the Timeline update? Width of custom tabs is now 810px
Had fun today <3
After 16 years of living in the country with crappy Internet, I finally have broadband! I feel like I'm finally living in the 20th century.
Thank u so much! I'm so glad you enjoyed the show:)
Some 2for1 tickets available for our GAY LA TOUR this Saturday. www.outandabout-tours.com and let us know you wanna get on board!
I think it's more like who needs encouragement!
I should stop liking u now ...
You can't put a price tag on love, but you can on all its accessories. ~ Melanie Clark
Thanks for following us on Olioboard, Stacy! Love your work, seasonal changes, and that you also hail from our home state : )
my wedding is next Sunday. I'll be back in action in April.
its funny how you choose someone that CHEATED on you over your little sister.when she leaves you see whos goin to be there for you this time
You are going to LOVE Clarke's Employment Discrimination class!!!! :)
bout to get to the hustle , yall have fun on twitter.
Our cab driver has his own accordion CD. We haven't even left WI.
Live music tonight starting at 7! Get out and enjoy this awesome weather:)
Hope everyone is having a great afternoon!!!
no they never asked my side
kay.... that was really random.. Love the Rory Flannagan haha. It suits you. <3 :)
Sure...nice to "meet" you!
I've never been so excited for a year like I am about
#Back to back to back....
I think the real question here is why do I have so many pairs of socks in my purse?
Hope your enjoying your vaycay! Your probably on the beach drinking a pina colada and we are on our way to a meeting!
False.. Thats u RT : you known for never textin ppl back
going out soon , in a rush!! ah hate it!
I WANNA TALK TO ALL I GET IS "BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP"
I love my hood rt
thanks buddy
in town?
thanks for participating
www.leagoldman.com: Accepted into the book "Art Buzz, The 2010 Collection" www.artbuzz.org - by artists for artists.
That's what I thought...
RT : By all means lets spend campaign talking about crowd sizes... Come on people.
This time is the last time I will ever beg you to stay, but you're already on your way.
Oh so freaking true! Ah!
Full frontal male nudity on the NICE!
Check out our sister publication 's site revamp! tabletmag.com Also, look top right for the latest in Nextbook titles .
using excel to process clustering algorithms on a 100,000 node network is almost always a bad idea ;)
Same here. Found out we did chat about a QR code that wasn't working for me just didn't know it was you. Next time for sure!
The moment I walk into my parents house, all maturity goes out the window. Not that I have much to begin with...
Just remember, get the beer after you go through security. The TSA has no sense of humor.
"smoke with ya Boi", "but I just got it"
oh okay I see
responsive web design. Design from content out, mobile first, add media queries to add layout
yay! and thank you. :)
ok bet I Jus got in from elyria. Ain't think I was gonna make it but I'm there
We celebrate Mother's Day on the 3rd Sunday in May in the USA.
#sherlockPBS time! I've been looking forward to this all week! (I can't decide whether that's sad or not- it's been a long week.)
I should just give up on sleeping.
Hey you just woke up and this is crazy, but I'm your alarm so get up lazy.
That was bad. Too much grading today.
no lie what so ever
4 more years of communist
In a month it will be a year :(
I don't want to get cocky, but it appears that the "???" before "3. Profit!" is: Short #RIMM every time there's a takeover rumor on
Woohoo #SNHUreunion this weekend with everyone
That's it. When will we invest in our people, not in monitoring systems? In our own leaders, not outside consultants?
you guys were out too soon! I loved your enthusiasm!! I wish everyone was able to have such joy with what they do.
Companies, specifically game developers, (and at times, game publishers) need people to test their games
Yeah, once I retired from teaching I thought it time to "rethink" Teacher Unions. Can rethink SS and Medicare too when I"m dead.
or you come to kansas city!
Robert lee hotz. Science and sci comm resounds in an enormous echo chamber. #
Would it be weird if I just walked around with a broom all day?
Dont test the technique, just ride to the beat.
We appreciate our New followers! #NashaRashaNYC Enjoy your Mother's Day ladies! Tomorrow May 14th Models Night Out.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
We do need inspiration at yr end - yr beginning to but of a different sort
the twitterlong about Justin...
Thanks for letting me know
have you ever been arrested?
I say we disown her!
"Blood Money Media" race baitors, post Zman from 2005, instead of a black picture 2012, why would the Nazi be marching for a black latino.
Hi! So many place at once!
Yeah yeah nite.
as a born and raised California girl, come dead of winter u won't miss Michigan! Best of luck to you both!!
Watching icarly(: New episode called iStill psycho(: IT'S FUNNY!!!!!
Who you gon hurt??
It's our pleasure!
Huge news!!! Meeting with some really big names tomorrow =)
Tomorrow I will be on ''Good Morning America'' live from New Orleans!.. Tune in. Pretty exciting things to announce ya'll. Xoxo <3
oh lordy, trouble so hard oh lordy, trouble so hard, don't nobody know my troubles but God
yup! so excited!
Great to see you! I'm exciting about our events ahead as well!
I just shot some, scouting downtown not great.
Thank you sir!
still love this pic of you:-)
OMG this restaurant is amazing! Feelin fly in my new lil' black dress and leopard print Michael Kors pumps! But baby it's cold outside!!
This is the funniest bus ride I've ever been on.
“: LOL! I'm glad to be that friend!” you're the best! :)
Wide awake while honey snores :(
In the future you won't have to drive downtown for jury duty you just remote in. Virtual voting might also be a big hit.
Oh gee thanks! Next time we'll have a sing-a-long. ;)
Gorgeous out today forreal but some of you hoes is not
Bombay & Moët is what I'm rocking wit
thanks for the shout out!
#LoveSchoology? Share what you like most about #Schoology by tweeting your favorite feature and using the hashtag
Tuesday is going to be amazing! <3
oh, ok...I've heard that in the background here too. I thought yours was specific to the U.K.
Just applied for Job #30... maybe time to take a rest
Style ain't everything. It's who's wearing it too
The officiating during all of the #NHL playoff games has been A W F U L !
haha it's my favorite
I like the view from the rooftop of Alma, which I believe is actually Cobble Hill. Great lil Mexican spot, hope still open.
Hey , how do you reconcile your appeal for people to leak sensitive material to you guys when you slimed Julian Assange for so long?
It's so cold in this store -.- My bones are shivering !
Will Middlebrooks can flat out play baseball... which is good, because the majority of the Red Sox lineup can't at this point.
i miss hitting this in to the table corner to make it break
SOMEONE PUT VAL'S NAME ON THERE!!
indeed! Far along?
I thoroughly enjoyed #GoodDeeds with and after church today!
i want noodles
I'll send them to you tonight. Promise!
if we are so focused on stdnts mastering standards... maybe 'grades' should be based on mastery of those instead
Ink my whole body ion giva motherfux
Fun - TO is so awesome! Hope you get a little time to see the city and its neighborhoods!
probably has something to do with leadoff hitter having a sub .150 ops
All the sounds of the earth are like music.
One day that wall's gonna crack and fall.
this may not be new news, but I just realized Dylan Baker is your profile pic. He is one of my favorite actors. Good on you.
lol its crazy! i havent shaved since you left
having a full convo abt me huh??
so when do the evil tease excerpts start?
I hate that the rock show is on at midnight and on Mondays only. I'm never awake and I have to listen on iplayer aka I don't get to text in
I see we're in the deconstruct-and-remix era of 9/11 tributes...
Got too much on my mind and too much to do
Wtf yo my boyfriend acts like he doesn't even care what I do wtf .
It's clear that Cotto is fighting he's hungry.
Be conventional with format and creative with copy.
&&juliet simms saved once again on #thevoice !
RT : Thanks Detroit for making a success we are already planning 2013's
Who Can I Call To Bring Me Something To Eat.... *Strolls Down Contact List*
Mavs looked terrible tonight..
hii look made a twitter ! She act too and she also sings ! Go and follow her ! She will follow you back
Pasta with an Arizona to wash it down with damn I love my moms
Haha thanks! I'm at school so I'll talk to you later sorry :)
I have no fucking choice! Wth am I supposed to say to my parents when they find out?! I'd rather sit there and listen to(c)
#webseries won Audience choice Award @ IFQ fest in NYC! (We didn't even have to bribe them with raisinettes)
I'm watching the amanda show! I fucking love this show. and I missed it a lot. THE GIRLS ROOM!!
Black Jesus + Amen Fashion
thanks for the heads up...I 'll have a look!
Nope, at the #geekwire event tonight in Seattle. Showing homes tomorrow night, maybe open Friday. You?
have you had a chance to send us a signed 8x10? I just want to make sure it isn't lost in the mail. Thanks!!
what an adorably snuggly profile pic you have!!!! so cute! xoxo
Words about love don't mean anything if relationships begin to fail
SCREW THEM...The Franchise Sports Show on Team990.com Sat & Sun 6am-9am
I don't how to feel about this it's mind bottling.
There's a spider in my car. There's a spider in my car. There's a spider in my mother fucking car.
I just woke up but I'm bout to work out. I texted u a while ago, I gotta talk to u
I wish you guys starred my tweets cause I'm funny and not because I'm sexy as fuck
RT : Never accept other people's limited perceptions of you. Define yourself.
I miss class with you. :/
Have you chkd into open enrollment (tosa) or the language immersion schools? How old us your lil man?
Excited for a few surprises tomorrow :) Shhh, I am not telling....
loving you on #GMA this morning! Nice work.
It really creeps me out when guys have finger nails so long you could give them a french manicure..
oh yeah, that will be great.
stop raping errrbody
because you don't text me!! :(
RT Somebody tell anti-alcohol Christian Mitt Romney that in the Bible Jesus is the leading cause of drinking at parties.
you followed me? :)
definitely gonna rock these white suspenders tomorrow!
Getting on my grind!!
And now home in LA, yay!!
Terrace, , , free Babcock Ice Cream. These are a few of my favorite things.
and do a burn out?
Poised Creation is considering moving into the entertainment business!
My sister needs to get out. Bitch is so annoying.
haha can you imagine, so sweet and yet so homophobic. fortunately not!
I never got it...
So glad we only had four classes a day @ Columbia Central.
No hate is a strong word irs more like dislike
Have we learned nothing from Aaron Boone? Pro athletes who don't play basketball shouldn't TRY to play basketball. GOSH.
get so tired of seeing paraphrased wikipedia definitions of rhetorical terms in my students work. Correct definition; wrong context
Pin:3297C770 no creeps please :*
Probably...but Since they can't ship anything until Monday I'm not sure what they'd do :(
Why don't we go somewhere only we know?<33
again badger fans get after it harder than duck fans with jump around
Preparing for a shoot at The Skin Center in Wexford on January 4th!
shots on us LETS RAGE
(con't) we have a giant rally headed right here to our studio at pioneer courthouse square. rally on the bricks re: school budget cuts.
Good morning, Bill. Yes..10 miles. The Cleveland MetroPark was very active yesterday. Congrats again.
How are you? :33
Contagious Behavior at tonight text 786 282 9112 if your coming...
naw it ant
Bchh you must b the lamest bchh own twitter....CTFU
Wow... trending is #Libia... Cultured Americans we are! ugh...
If a girl ever steals your man, there's no better revenge than letting her keep him. REAL MEN can't be stolen. #FACT RT
I shall DM you-Like a boss ;D
Fuck my throat hurts
#LiveLaughLove.....why not!!
As for butter versus margarine, I trust cows more than chemists.
no problem
that sound gooder than a mf!!
It was fun!
oh my god you are killing me!!!! I'm literally pounding my steering wheel laughing my ass off
yeah, dumb shoes. Plus I had hurt my calf during a run, so I'm sure that threw my gait off.
No kidding!
RT Ever wonder why girls talk so much & guys overthink everything? Girls have 4 lips & guys have 2 heads. ^__^
I hate being worried, but damn i cant help it
Historic #flooding in North East. And, one more flood around my apartment in two weeks.
& i was wondering for 1 minute of your time to read a direct message from me...please.its my last idea to help raise money!
it'd be great if you came in but you can also send music to thanks! see you soon!
Route 441 was all cows until the summer after my junior year of college. Then, suddenly, it was all subdivisions and Target.
Cleaning El Rey chips out of my bed. Last night when I got home must've grabbed some, fell asleep & layed on them instead of eating them lol
Join our 200 teacher trainees for a great Karma Yoga Charity Class to benefit Women for Women International. Sun. 4/29 - 3:30-4:30pm
Lol I was thinking latent growth mixture modelling. Don't forget to drop any outliers that might cause the slope to be positive
Oh Dolores park, I've missed you.
So oomf said Future is the best rapper o_O
Apparently theres a big mob going saying "kill the white people". real cool.
I just have to make it through my shift today, and then I'll be off for two (maybe three) full days!!! I'm only a little excited... :)
somebody told me that wasn't a major when I asked about it! I love that shit!!
like literally? Were you at OPC?
I'm just sayin :P
spread the love of pies all over San Diego; safe journeys to Florida!
Thinking would <3 2hear how integr8s w/FB, Twitter, all social platforms to gamify, get emotional, reward
is it weird watching Idol thinkin' "That was me?"
is he crazy? Cutler's in big trouble this year the.
I CALLED AND HE NEVER CALLED BACK. CALLED 4 TIMES… SMH
Any good finds?
Ah ! I lost my $100 scientific calculator. I think I'm ready to pass on to the other life :'(. $100 donation ?
A renewal even? Well if you two crazy kids can make it work, there's hope for me yet.
Been working steadily on the new web presence. You're going to love it. Trust me.
thanks for the follow Bro. Whats good ?
On the plus side, looking forward to eight uninterrupted hours of sleep!!
Georgia the Vicktory dog from Best Friends passed her Good Canine Citizen test:)))
Lets Text? ;)
If you like it then you shoulda put a ring on it.
RT If you think that is fucking hot!!
Looks like I have something to do tomorrow!
happy mothers day to the swag master :)
No one wants to shut up ha
man come up here
dwiggins: RT : #sla2010 enjoy your last night in NOLA. Thank U for all you do.
e-mail just fired off to and 6man
You should drink some pedialyte it will fix you!
Hey GE! Did you pay for all these Superbowl commercials with all the money you saved by not paying taxes?
Libraries must manage analog and digital resources in the digital age. Trusted services. Preservation. Selection. Dekkers
Eh, it's people who might not read the site anymore. I don't think you can say that unless you ask the people who dropped
I like you. A lot :)
peep for yourself! www.facebook.com/zakdowntown
on nflnetwork now!
And I will have Ben & Jerry's ice cream every night, while I sleep with my kitty, and baby turtle.
What?!?! No! These theaters are gems. What a shame. :( To clarify: Times and Rosebud closing permanently this Sunday.
Tommy Digger Gugger "blieves" <--I like that term.
Doesn't say what type of tasks. Traditionally, morale improves with music on repetitive tasks. We even write songs to fit.
Scott Tucker Racing Pick up Their Lastly Consecutive Success This ...
Roland, this probing is called competitive intelligence ... I think???
Ted always has a new love interest. He must have more stds than james bond.
So the Tevez 'RIP Fergie' banner is trending in the US as indicating an ex member of the British Royal Family has passed away. Oh twitter.
Are you ready for Christmas? I have lots of presents for you!!!
emphasis on the "I didn't care" ..... y u picking fights? Lol
follow back
haha yes omG im so excited!
According to Klout, I am influential about "Robot."
You're not as cool as you think
use that hulkshare link dats da one we blowing up da hits and downloads on
Hi, I love this idea! How can Dressed To Kill Clothier get listed?
Thanks for the shout-out.
I didn't! I was checking the news this morning but didn't hear anything. That's terrible news!! My poor team...
I refuse to subscribe to any superstitions (i.e. Friday the 13th).
oh why am I awake? I have a job, weird huh?
Of course, anytime! Next year you won't be in Africa though! YAY!
I sure hope Kacie B. screams "No" & falls to her knees sobbing when she doesn't get a rose.
-____- go away courtney
Of course! Why didn't I think of that?!
Making some epic bloody mary mix from scratch!
i dont know i think i do remember hearing that.
She look so pretty sleep
This week i will be offering #xfactor style critiques to established celebrities
yes I am, and I would love to tell him but he lives in South Korea
That's it the whole Blue team should be sent off the Biggest Loser.
LOVE 's "Drunk"
Underwear? Check. Clothes? Gone to charity. UNDIE RUN 2011!
Holtby is feeling it
haha that's what I always say
The food channel : great recipes for fun and easy dishes. FOLLOW ALONG WITH ME Paula Deen
I see we have a race going on here with EVKitty. EV... I look forward to meeting you soon
What about the best actual Disney stars?! Definitely Debby Ryan, right?
Don't forget to download the Waldo Cooney app to your smartphone (iPhone or android).
creating a zombie army at seem like a good idea now, but trust me: it never turns out well in the end.
and the fact that we Angelenos will be treated to TWO douche-bag-free weekends in a row is proof that there is in fact a god
All u can do is to work hard and hope everything falls in place.
#AskJakeThrupp do you ever want to go to florida?
dance you mother fuckers.
well ok but tweeting isn't mandatory.
Yeah. Heavy stress and elongation of that first syllable
"feel free to be yourself" - my Dove chocolate wrapper.
makes sense
gotcha. is the RM gang signing up?
Time for some yard work!! 9am and its already 90°…better get on it!!!
Cant stand mondays
Yea Buddy RT: Tonight im wit it.. Time to get rachetttttt!
Grandma Rosa was :)
those are so cute! Hope they're are a hit for you, we had fun printing them!
Back at 168 followers. Dang it...
Living my life like its golden...lookin 4ward 2 seein my lil bro OJ walk at Howard tomorrow!
u know it! Any big wknd plans?
#Imagine Louis to your daughter:''Ever since the first time I saw you, I thought you were the most beautiful girl ever, like your mum!''
": The earliest known same-sex wedding took place in 65 A.D." in Greece I would guess.. whoops
#somethingimissthemost is some of my favorite restaurants in Rochester, NY.
I'll DM it to you.
Feel free to query specific article ideas to .
I seriously love Roman. He's the best older brother anyone could ask for. c:
Pumped to rock out tonight. Show starts at 10pm. Playing with great bands: and
got you,
the worst age was newborn. My son did.not.sleep!
Dont forget to "like" our facebook page to learn about more updates and possible groupons coming for the holidays!!!
: Bicep feeling good - day 1 of the comeback begins tomorrow- getting shots up at Eds tomorrow around 11:00- whose in?
Bob McDonnell to campaign with Mitt Romney in Virginia this week: Another VP tryout?
Marian Wright Edelman: "Sometimes I think adults have lost their common sense" Amen
Everything I need to know about life I learned from the Liza With a 'Z' album.
Amen, brother!
Just do handjobs for the next couple of days, if you want.
What? What is this place with garlic in the name? Huh? What?
Also, the Feds are reading My FOIA contained a few passages written by him, as well.
Ya you Better follow me ;) lol
I'm digging the Four Year Strong tweets!
Oh it is GOOD to be back! Red Velvet cake for breakfast! YUM!
Alexander Graham Bell was born on Morch 3, 1847. Celebrate by picking up the phone and calling us at 503.239.0100! Free delivery when...
It's always illicit kissing that leads to total ruination. True in politics, as well as art. Well, kissing, and doing it.
you have really good tweets, are you currently interning for anyone?
That's whats up! We got some die cuts in the works right now too!
ain't stupid. Country always sells! Very marketable dude
thanks a lot, peanut butter jelly time
Since I'm only ha;f watching, I guess I didn't catch that subtlety. (Alternatively, you're giving them too much credit) 1/2
Shout outs 2 all My Friends Surfing the #Billabong Rio Pro! Wish I was there! I'm getting second-to-second Score updates tho!!
thanks for the support love! My friend Bobby and I actually founded Asian and... Lots of cool things coming up!
Nah 3 or 5 That's Late On A School Night.. Aww That Sucks
Earth Hour tonight!!! At 8:30 your local time, turn out the lights for an hour!
5/27 "Memorial Day Mayhem" live performances by Pusha T, King Louie n Cubana Lust on the pole!!! Tix available a DTLR!!!! '
they have the best amaretto almonds..can't get enough!
I don't like when my grandma speak spanish to me cause I don't be understanding .
Yup, Iman will be missed defending Wade.
can't wait til next time!
im trying to change but i see i havent.i tried surprising him today at school and it didnt go how i expected, well i tried
One word: David
lol I just made one not to long ago
Whenever I get older imma fill bags up with poop and throw I'm in people's yard while they burn
Rangers are walking a thin, white line here.
#RyanKennedy stay strong little bud :) <3
the noose is so freaking hilarious. go watch it to relax your mind or if you're feeling down. :))
Its official I'm moving to athens georgia! I'm now a georgia bulldog!
My Top 3 #lastfm Artists: Brand New (13), Britney Spears (8) & Taking Back Sunday (8)
Follow me bitches I need u to #Follow me to the
thanks for the follow back. Hope all is well. I will be keep Billy in my prayers.
RT : RT Did you know? Vaccines cause autism and other diseases - childhood diabetes, asthma, cancers n more.
Fox 9 newsroom jumping into action. #Senser verdict announced :10. Suspense.
please send our #salyardsbengals good luck wishes on their STAAR tests next week! Way to show positive thoughts on Twitter!
RT : Wherever I am in the world, I walk into one and I am home.
Heading out to see at Helium Comedy Club this evening. I will enjoy getting my laugh on I'm sure.
Yes, I am watching "Roseanne". I love this show.
someday we'll know why samson loved delilah, someday I'll go dancing on the moon, someday you'll know that I was the one for you
hey my friend Joe from Estate told me you promote at Vlive I have a group of girls wanting to come Saturday can u hook us up?
Hay So Cal Peeps- If
I wants to thank you with the endeavors you have produced in publishing this article.
have an awesome time my man
How can you declare a "winner" of the #scdebate when clear favoritism has been showcased by ? #FAIL #WhereIsEquality?
So much more music on the way!!
Alone in my zone
Don't be mad cuz you can't play...and black people hate the sun lol
Helped mom-in-law make a fun playlist for her cancer surgery - Mozart's Requiem "Confutatis and Lacrymosa" & "Goodbye Earl" are her faves!
Thank you!
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can
Happy Thursday
RT : I'm not trying to impress you or anything but........I sleep without a nightlight.
Just heard Marietta is doing the 9am Saturday class starting this weekend. Can't wait!
Slappers and ankles do not mix. Think that may just have been my last game helping out on defense...
We'll be this afternoon. You know, in case you forgot to pack a lunch today ;)
yeah waking up is like a 2 hour process for me. I set my alarm for 7 and then 8 then coffee and emails, then walk my dogs lol
The day started off bad, but it changed quickly
2 kegs + MCA tribute = awesome night at my house
Wistfully dreaming of afternoon tea, thick books and bright azaleas....
Just how much do game testers earn, anyway? Here are game tester salary figures to give you an idea
Black jelly beans will be the death of me yet.
What donations messaging works? Positive, explicit appreciation and gratitude, donor-centric approach, simple examples
I put too much into it guess ima jus keep it under wraps now
Going into a Mifflin resident’s backyard without permission
A guy on tumblr just told me Weezer is the worst band ever..
also did you see the rather insensitive POW Churchill quote the college tweeted today?#TKCProblems :inappropriate namesake quotes
No, he's not dead yet. Considered a swing vote... :)
Get soupy, Minneapolis! We have Tomato Bisque, Beef & Cannellini Bean Minestrone, Turkey Wild Rice, Asparagus and Pozole!
So, wide awake.
I'm feelin like a motha fuckin god dam Fein cause I ain't got shit but my god dam dream. #TEAMSUNNYZOE GET WITH IT
huge difference between interactive design pay and print. I think there are at least 2x the opportunities for web design...
Where are all my barca fans at?
Yes ma'am. I can always use another thumbs up! :)
I am glad to be off tomorrow!
There's always so much to think about
we have! Love you guys!!
Disc golf wit the boys. Now for some clone wars before kickoff.
WOAH. 's coming to Chicago this summer?!
Took a walk through tour of Villa Rockledge today in Laguna Beach for our Sunday event. Wonderful venue!
I can't give out that information. Sorry. I dont wanna have people scam him on trying to get it.
We concur! RT :
Idk though cause the coaches choose favorites.
Spell checking dolmagazine, it's shocking the amount of words I make up.
can't find my USB cable. Not sure how long I can stream without being on my powerpack
Happy Birthday to Asa ! From your friends at:
Im rooting for the Asian guy who cooks with the #SwagSauce Even tho
I'm not for certain, but I think Al Harrington was in Ninja Turtles II.
they are going to need the faithful this season.
Crushing on a bartender you'd like to get to know better? Well go see her/him on a night other than Friday or Saturday!
Nothing would be more tiresome than eating and drinking if God had not made them a pleasure as well as a necessity. Dang that's good!
Master's degree is only 3 credits away. Woot!
I'm to drunk to taste this chicken
don't cry :/ Jesus Loves you! he's there when no one else is, he understands more than anyone... i promise :)
When I see on ICarly tomorrow I'm going to be fangirling and screaming
wonderful and yourself? ??
My son is shown his mommy so much love ryt now all I can do iz :-)
From participant in Venezuela that it should be working for all. Stay tuned. Thanks again for sharing this info!
I think I was born to ball
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 69F Fair: 69F Fair
Roses are red, Violets are Blue..Miley Cyrus is to sluty for you:(
happy birthday!
"If There's Someone In My Bed..They're Definitely Getting Fucked" - Joel D Smith
Don't forget: Rush Info Session TODAY, 5:30 @ Jacobs 110. See you there!
You can do it, Heather!
: Thanks for the double RT's!
pretty please tweet or follow my best friend ! Today is her 17th bday!
rave where
Was tonight's plaid sandwich your first Very funny on !
I no longer own that website.
Thanks but I'm gonna NOT get drunk on my #prom night.
This is the downfall with most longer, modern JRPG's. It's why I like the old ones that get down to business quick, no BS.
And still they cry - at least LeBron and the Browns both left their records in Clev.
Totes just saw this tweet lunch tomorrow?
Spin tips: Get a big bounce, hold your arms out as you start your jump and spin, and pull them in quickly as you turn about 90 degrees.
My head is all ranty today. I must be feeling better.
This is one of the young artists I'm impressed with haven't seen anything for a very long time to talk bout
Finally on twitter!!! Stay tuned for a lot of information about the release of my single, "Down" and the music video to follow!
Where are you at? What's it like? Want to be an official bar reviewer? Just add #austinbars to your tweets.
pay you no mind :D
ITS 4 IN THE MORNING AND IM UP DRINKING Frozen DaiquirIs I NEED HELP LOL
IN Quotes: "People are as happy as they make up their minds to be." - Abraham Lincoln
oh my. People in Cleveland would make fun of you too. Put those in the closet with the pajamas!!! ;)
Why would I care? -_____________-
JUST BOUGHT A CRAZY ASS BLUETOOTH ONLINE IT SHULD BE HERE IN FOUR DAYZ MY NIGG!....IMA BE GOOD FUCKIN MONEY!
you're the only fishy for me! :D and we da best
I wish I didn't work today.
GOING LOKO at werk!! Had to stop and PLAY YOUR NEW mix!!!!!! LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!! <3
Graduation!! I made it through nursing school. About the walk into the auditorium then on stage we go.
text me
Felt the same way about Tom Jones while visiting Pontypridd, Wales...except Tom's alive and well, probably playing in Vegas.
Guess we have to wait Til 8001 for our no-no!!!!
just now seeing this...wow. Poor thing!
Lmao Right I Used To Think They Was The Same Age Back Then But When I Heard How Old She Was I Was Like Wth
I got a darn speeding ticket this morning
yeah they make some very cool stuff. Its a brand I don't have unfortunately.
GUYS, IT'S VERY COOL TO BE WITH YOU AND T'S COOL TO SPEND TIME WITH YOU, BUT i GOTTA GO, GOOD BYE. I <3 YOU !!
It's been on and off here in Clarksville. I had to park my car in the lower level of the garage due to lack of power.
#iDONTSUPPORT People who dont support me!
With a nose like that, Tyler Kennedy might have a problem scoring with the ladies, but not on the ICE!!
You speak the truth. :) RT : A roomful of highly intellectual and fashionable people. One cannot disappoint.
I'm watching Merlin.
"... I’ve always thought back and remembered the entire two days in a row and the tiny mistakes where I could’ve won.”
what happened?!
Off 2 school....1st basketball game today feeling MAD NERVOUS!!!!!!
Isn't it "digital veganism"? Vegetarianism wouldn't really make sense..
Awesome, I'll sign up
to work out or not to work out?
You're a woman after my own heart! Enjoy your music and have a great Friday.
maybe I will... With grenades in my pocket. And trot suggested I pick one, FYI
Great! Multitasking is the creative one's middle name... lol
Im done watching this game.. Someone tell me who won the lakers vs. nuggets game when its over
Carrie just released her new single and it's branded and ready to roll on #productionvault!
Banned book week is September 24-October 1. Be sure to read at least one banned title - or catch an event at your local bookstores.
In study hall :) i love eli
Big Sarasota night out - rollerskating at the Stardust
boo on the 9ers!
Amazing game tonight #TajGibson and the #Bulls. Cheers to winning game 5 and let's win #6 to be back in Chi on Sunday!
it's right next to it tho! Come down, we could go there after
Ugh! Wine will do that to you. I guess you owe me one.
do you no anyone famous?
talkin to carly
oh, LOLercoaster!!1 I may have woken the neighbors with my LOLing.
Wow Mother's Day really packs the restaurants in 25 min wait just to eat breakfast. SMH
A lot of shit won't change.
: You should have dude, it was tight. We rolled 10 deep from Arlington! Haha
Thanks for suggesting it! It will work out better, b/c I'll be able to get back on the hwy a lot sooner than I planned.
Those candied nibs were spectacular! Thank you so much for the tour and amazing treats!
lol ew, stalkers these days...WOW, HOPE. jk :D
Hello everyone. Hope you are having a lovely evening.
selling my Canon 24-70mm/f2.8 for $950, let me know if you are interested
keep forgetting to install adblock. thanks!!
Its the other way around, the IQ in the room grows with your presence! It was a pleasure having you at the tech meetup!
someone showed me a hat trick on aaron.tv
Essential Workflow Changes: Typical user testing - via Michael Allen
Heartbroken friends shouldn't give you relationship advice .... #me&you not them too hahha
Hey Melanie, how you doing in Sunny LA?
We've waited an entire week for Friday to get here. A Craft Pack seems like appropriate thing to celebrate with.
CAREER: Musician Website Quick Fix #6: Host Your Own Blog
and MIN would accept J.Oneal?
#in DJ Patil's keynote was the most informative at Big Analytics
tweeting thing xD
Are you ready for some football!
got ya
Nice work! Besides, you can't edit a blank page :) keep on the
Too bad i ditched my "myspace" account and now i'm using twitter :D
my goal for park & blanket date is to finally finish that issue. No, not the last one, the one before that.
I've got a super-important recording session today. Probably the most exciting one of my career so far. I can't talk about it yet, though!
in at .022
. RT “: #MentionTo your friend who loves watching horror movies.”
Feel free to dress up as your favorite character.
We are looking to expanded our followers can you help us please
Q2 I LOVE Burning Love high low dress <3
The weekend is almost here! Need some last minute gear? DJ equipment, lighting, etc., let us know!
Woke up in what appears to be a jalapeño chip graveyard.
thirty minutes on hold and counting.
“: Just realized there is no L.A. Tan in Los Angeles! :O Where the fuck do people over there go for tanning?” OUTSIDE
Great! Send me dates when u r going to be in town! Would love to catch up with u.
“A fine beer may be judged with only one sip, but it's better to be thoroughly sure." -Czech proverb
I always love seeing your name pop up on my phone.
Micah's right. It's a ball of cheese. I don't understand why you wouldn't be obsessed with that.
. You and me, both, brother. And sometimes, I do hear from those who really like the program when it works.
makes me laugh lmao
we know that...BUT I'm not going2repeat myself. We can agree to disagree.
Twitter is a great tool to use as an educator to try to keep up with the world
Okay goodnight/morning
Hey called and wants to go back to
not until April, but I'll be sure to tweet about it. Just showed my Dept. all the online work from #deadoralive, they loved them!
I think you and questlove are like the only ones qualified to have anything to do with that music education stuff
If you are in need of a post sound house - we highly recommend: for the job; they've hooked us up!
It’s no use trying to emulate someone else’s style and make it your own, but you should study others and incorporate .
I finally broke down and bought a ITDR site last night and realized y'all are in Phoenix too. Small world!
Thinking I need to work on the paddling leg of my race....a good goal for this fall.
By the way - we've been doing karaoke every Wednesday night at the Surly Goat. Join us any time for a good time.
With all the press surrounding 's #Masters win.. Next #major he wins should be declared a #nationalholiday. #CanIGetAmen?
TruTV got all the good shows.
yes perfect!
then Mrs. Ugarte "So what exactly did you say about me?" LOL
I pray not because I need something, but because I’m ought to thank God about something.
Back is fine. Did something to my left wrist/thumb. It's useless now, considering cutting it off in favor of a cool hook.
Power to the People.
All black everything..if u want to see all our sexy divas come to
Will the next generation of Beckys be spared hearing, "Oh. mah. god. Becky. Look at her butt." every time they introduce themselves?
Just scheduled for his next mixtape release "GUNZ n ROSEZ" hosted by coming Mar. 2nd via promo!
Lmao I Never Did Listen To That Shit
Help bring literacy & opportunity to students in Uganda & It is fast, simple, and shipping is free! We just did
#RAMS RT : Sat next to an NBA scout who came to watch Drew Gordon. All he saw was Pierce Hornung absolutely chew him up tonight
Well, glad you're done having children! That was close.
I just got pranked called by Eric's little brother...from Eric's phone. Wow Mikey, wow.
Superdraft is taking over Vegas!
I think you could have helped than in the net, but then again, you do hold the NCAA record for quickest goal against!! Ha ha!!
I'm glad Orton is doing well 2! Thought we'd lost our chances at winning to your town. Strange things like kids in balloons!
#BWE10 attendees - what are your favorite things about/in Vegas. Anything surprise you?
Good luck, I hated accounting!! Remember FIFO and LIFO...
Working on the new draft boards there looking hella good. make sure to check out the site later today and sign up for the mailing list :)
I am going to go put this car out of its misery if it doesn't stop with the alarm soon. RAWR.
Happy early birthday to ! now will stop buggin' ya about bein 20
Washington Post on #OWS eviction: "this morning's action may not be what a police state looks like, but it's certainly how one begins."
Very cool. Tip of the hat to Great River Energy.
Saul is one dumb ass poor high school. Feels like outside in this classroom 59.6 degrees smfh
the funniest part is that she thinks she's a good driver lolol
Why can't life be normal.</3
How about those broncos?
I don't mind the rain. It's just that I am not home # Talk Show,
you're welcome! Remember little mishaps and problems are put at you to learn from, its like the sandpaper that's molding you
Happy new year from West Coast, so glad we made it!
Downtown ! w/ Jessica <3
On my way to the casino. Will tweet some pics
i fuckin hate rednecks
The Story Of ANVIL!!!! There isn't a more appropriate movie I could've watched late last night.
Sorry I wasn't clearer -I didn't mean you should, yknow, actually MEET. Just twitter-meet. #FF :-)
good!:D
after reading all of the Stephanie Plum novels over the last few years (#confession), I am stoked for #OneForTheMoney to come out
Christmas cookies baked.....gifts are wrapped .... its feeling like Christmas!
Heaven is making an effort to be very annoying this morning -_-
Will do later, watching the game now. RT Call me maybe
Omg I am madly in <3
We are partying tonight, Oakland. Would love to party with you. Cafe Vitus if you you wanna get down and rock.
S/O and showin love at oasis!!!!
we got the inventor of the Rock-Afire Explosion robots to program, shoot and edit that!
Shout out to the peeps....from last status I just did....I'm still trippin off the reaction
lol, your lucky i read your other msgs first :P
Autoverse in the studio next! #supportlocalmusic on
Only because it's Miller Lite with Vortex (TM) technologies.
Dress rehearsal for Sunday's concert. Everything glows in Jordan Hall.
Best to disclose that kind of thing right off the bat.RT Random person's bio includes that they were conceived in Ft Lauderdale.
RT : And that is how you sell TONS of hardware without talking about hardware at all.
omg 4 months I'm EXCITED :)) can't wait!!
Ur welcome & thanks for mine too hun! :)
Regarding the gender of a hipster's child, I've learned to follow the "pregnant woman" rule, i.e., never, ever, ever, ever assume. Ever.
Zusi to Collin! Keep it up boys!
Kreider is on the line with Richards and Gaborik -- that's high praise
Love is more than the absence of ill will. Love means putting yourself out there when there is no cause but love itself, no money to be made
:) well y'all enjoy!!! I'm at home eating popcorn watchin saved by the bell!
ssoooo am im going to kick you in the head now ... or later??
haven't spoke to you in a min just wanna say hey, and nice twitpic by the way :)
I enjoyed your article - I always do! We should all grab drinks or something soon.
The video for "blood pressure" by is the coolest thing I've watched in a long time...
I went the entire day without caffeine. Had an awesome day. I win.
Jimmy Johns>>>>> Subway
hola! hope you are doing superfine!
haha be all like 'ohh hey there's a cute guy' then like 5 months later he's turns out to be famous. Haha
I look a little orange tonight.
Are you on crack? They have a pretty standard sized restaurant glass. Good luck getting a soda at any other theater for less.
Hey, what about getting some Mexican this weekend?
ladies free all night this friday only after hour spot Behind Beamers 21+ BYOB LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT FREE ALL NIGHT
Yes, that is a hard way to start the day...with no cell phone charge!
yes it was lol its.time to change tht name now
Ana Austin will be doing half off womans haircuts on Wednesdays starting tomorrow! Snag yourself a spot asap! This is a steal! 221.7043
How does it feel to have your heart broken over and over again? Terrible.
Haha ppl who delete me from facebook i cant help but laugh at. How childish are you?
Simmons hits a grounder THROUGH Hrbek at first and down the line and into the corner! Simmons around 2nd, rounding third!
These people at buffalo wild wings watching the bulls game funny as hell
Thank you to all the sororities and fraternities that came out today! Pi-Athlon was amazing!
yeah Gillespie's strategic consulting firm for CEOs & politics seems like a mega-sketchy, used car salesmen powerhouse of douch…
Thank you for the #FF and the support!!
when is the game?
#ClimateChange is the most profound tragedy of the commons in human history. Too late for just individual action. via
Back in Vegas.
Our foundation offers detection tools for families to discover cocaine and heroin residue. Stepping up the drug war. Home safety
NyQuil during the day makes one feel stoned and stuffy... Go Giants!
THEY ARE THE WORLD LOL
WHATS GOOD HOMIE, IM YOUR BOY K-LO'S PROMOTER JUST STOPPIN BY TO SHOW YA TWITTER PAGE SOME SUPPORT
ya I'm to sleepy too comment intelligently :p
I smoke too many cigarettes, but I don't care. I've smoked for too long. Oh damn. I'm a hardass. But seriously. Someone get me a pack.
You are already accepted and loved by your creator > there's no need to wonder if you have the approval of others.
RT if you call shenanigans!
Good luck to Team Shirlock runners tomorrow. in his marathon. And in his half marathon.
in the winter sucks
SHUT UP D; LOL. this sucks.
Rall: "...and that will be a great day for all humanity. Words cannot describe how proud I am to be a member of such a great organization."
good deal, get it in and go hard buddy
I sometimes think that you're to good to be truth.
Long hair is considered bohemian, which may be why I grew it, but I keep it long because I love the way it feels, part cloak, pa
So I <U+2665> ... that is all :] also can't wait for the new victorious episode tonight #excited !!!!! <U+2665>
If ur not watching #Scandal ur not watching TV
"Damn your President!" the ruffian interrupted. I said, "Surrounded as you are by a mob, your conduct is cowardly in the extreme."
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 95
that place is awesome
Hey POTUS if ur coming to the studios use the doors on the side..the revolving ones r locked.
me too boo
#AI11 was that a window washer?
me u seanie/peterr!!! so just text me tomorrow 3477294708
a swim sounds great, shoulda asked me I would have went
The value of renewing season tix: 1/6th of priority list folks were able 2 upgrade their seats for 2012 after 2 yrs. on list.
is located on the west side of Madison and visible from the Beltline. Stop in and ask about installation.
Thank you for sharing your views!
I looked for something green. All I had were Colorado football, Bengals, and NFL shirts. Need a make-over.
Abandoned green line #wmata and am cruising up Georgia ave on 70 bus
So to celebrate the 2nd "People's Property" author's Birthday; Go find the links to the kindle & order! Nov 2012 Part II slated to arrive!
I want to see Liverpool in Boston! How can I get tix?
It doesn't matter how many times I see this ad, the Shake Weight commercial never gets less hilarious.
I can't wait until Justin gets home this afternoon. I'm so tired and useless feeling. I'm glad Conner is content playing by himself.
Thanks Jane. We don't get to hear that enough. :)
I loved it when he would shave everyone's hair, especially fans in the crowd.
Ready for a challenge? We're giving away a $50 gift card to the Wisconsin Restaurant Association. We’ll be announcing details next week!
what's your sign?
Same to you!
since i tweeted i love popeyes chicken hell food resturants been following me...wtf
7: GREAT CAM SHOOTOUT; CLIMATE WISCONSIN; OPEN HOUSE CHICAGO; INTRO TO CODING
Got a call here? #BeisBall stress.
Desperately need you guys back up and running. How long do you predict this will be down for? Thank you!
Trying to get my book website up and running for tomorrow. Hoping service at is as good as it used to be.
Chat about #musesocial on 3/15 from 12-5 ET. We're discussing #museum social media goals, management, audiences learning. (RT )
drinking drinking DRINKING.
TA9 is the sickest defender in the league. Thanks for being a Grizzly. Tough loss last night in PHX..
Rob Wilson - Where have you been our whole life?
Best FB post I've seen: If you watch Godzilla vs King Kong backwards, it's about two monsters who forget their differences and build a city.
Although I rarely indulge, my favorite ice cream is Ben & Jerry's #CherryGarcia. I think I'm ready again. Kroger, after work.
Hey alive?
Just got off work ugh so exaugested
Ridin' in the impala
RT : I wouldn't open a frozen yogurt place because I'm sure all of those are going to go out of business once the craze is over.
Only 1 week remaining until Alice in Wonderland! Don’t miss this exciting and humorous adaptation of Lewis Carroll’s famous work....
lol I do that all the tine ugh time!! See(:
I saw the movie "gone" today and i finally got to see twilight breaking dawn!! #bothgoodmovies :D
Number one pet peeve when people leave THEIR trash in MY car. Get out and walk if that's what you're gunna do!
Yeah sorry his computer crashed
im always cooking sweetheart!
Soccer Game (:
See page 111 in Sep 2011 SD Home/Garden if you want to start your own urban chicken coop. Fresh eggs!
Ill Be Watchin That For Sure My Dude!
Wish I could today! Good luck with your writing.
we have a 54% match on in #Typography, #Games, and #iPad. Want to meet up?
I hate feeling like this
Sent you an email! I promise you can be doubly as harsh on my intro video.
great to finally meet you at
30min. left until its prince royce bday! ^.^
Seth Godin is one smart mutha#%%er. Read the Dip. Go Seth.
Frozen planet just blew my mind.
which neck of the woods!?! Seattle or San Francisco?? Let's catch up soon!! xoxo
HELLO. No really help - what's a good movie to see that's out right now??
I don't give myself enough credit sometimes. :P
Lease signed!!! So pumped to get into the new place
Damn! Just be yourself! If people don't like you then FORGET THEM!
girlfriend I will be in Chicago next weekend the 12th for the Sporting game! Staying on Hubbard!
Definitely doing the spadework, but right now I'm more interested in getting the debut novel published and writing the next one.
is the funniest thing on the radio. #dork Never takes himself seriously. Genius.
What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones.
Getting a pedicure with :)
Just found my Ray Banns >
#ideachat Agree. Focus on quality vs quantity enhances twitter chats.
- It was awesome meeting you yesterday. Keep in touch gf!
Great NPR piece on rural and urban housing choices in Wisconsin this morning
Up early gettin ready for the next 4 13hr days... I work so hard I do what I want u barely working so u do what u can
TEFL job opportunity in Slovakia - Bratislava - Your Choice ...
Thanks for following . I follow bac*
Father's day: the most confusing day in the ghetto.
love fresh kale but never thought the kale chips will be any good. First i heard who loves it. My try it when next i go to WF.
Eh, I have big tits. I figure that has to count for something.
today was an interesting day.
#lrnchat do you have to use project base for social learning or can you use more traditional lessons with social learning?
I just stopped myself from purchasing a Groupon because I disliked the company's Wordpress Theme.
this afternoon. Enjoying 2006 reserve merlot :).
lol alright hold on
what's funnier than 23?
Oprah Winfrey.... I love you
thanku u doing much today x
Honestly dont bitch to me about stressed you are about this week when you couldve gotten shit done this weekend. I have zero sympathy
Which is why the best climate message is "we can fix this"--a more useful way to be optimistic. Like your earlier link.
What's your favorite thing about April?
Go with GlobalMeet & iMeet! Best in class..
Awesome! Loved it! Thanks for sharing.
I'd be somebody's wife with a couple of kids, trying my darndest to feel happy. At parties I'd say I was a writer & feel pathetic.
We've been fortunate each year to get 400-500 people. The fashion show really works - Warren Bottino
Bro:"I'm telling you this bc you're like the Brother of Jared, only my sister. The Lord answers my prayers, but He'll answer yours faster."
you are a god damn bear!
back to back lets go!!
Ima ask ma mom if will come to my party!! If she says no .. I'm gonna bug her forever! <3
amazing :D
told u styx kills it live!
Don't know what you had for breakfast? We had yummy huli huli chicken breakfast burritos with mango salsa on the buffet at Kai!
James Nicholas started singing and doing musicals at 8 years old and his first musical was "You're a good man charlie brown!"
Hey there, (kindakoolbiz), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA!!!
Rain today is helping the garden ... I'm planting and landscaping these days. It's green therapy!
Its literally 6 ppl in this religion class -.-
Happy Holidays from Tom Shaw Trio... may they be filled with nothing but music and love!
ccuuzz im the one thats tattooed on his HEART... lmao and my babygirl flossing on his NECK lol
Jus received my first payment as The Shot King!!!
i am a bit sunburnt, too - wasn't expecting that. i was actually in your hood this weekend, weird, i left belltown.
Morning! RT Happy Hump Day, everyone! Now go get yer hump on! :)
The Big Sac is calling, we will be back there real soon!!
I have two dogs sleeping in my room right now...one farted...which do I blame?
We're getting excited. Kino Lorber Edu is about to show our clip reel at #NMM2011 in Las Vegas.
thank you for your sweet message. Happy to know that things are looking up for Angie. xo
Meek Mill #LoveHim .
I don't want anything to do with that guy
wanna try malibu red.
Hahaha you put a square (x
yep, these type of things certainly require vision. Miller Park decision seemed big at the time, but great for MKE
My ankles have been hurting over the last couple of days, especially when I get out of bed in the morning. I feel old.
who wants my 2000th tweet?
No and no Lin? No problem apparently. Bring on the Hawks.
Pretty Girl...im txtn
At MIDNIGHT tonight, our new single, Miss Me Now, will be available on iTunes! Spread the love! RT
Dont you dare say we can just be friends.
Yikes! Tell Rory it's been fun while knowing him. ;-)
same story for #spurs since the start of the year, the better side on the wrong end of the score line
Does CaringBridge allow me to put a pay pal donate button for my patient on my rightside bar?
Seski think America pasttime may be new Seski pasttime. Go Portland Beaver! Seski gnaw something to celebrate.
I've been looking for a heart that's so complete, so satisfied with the little things. I got you and that's enough for me
Isn't that what #prince and Lisa played?
HI. SORRY FOR THE LATE REPLY, I WAS IN ZUMBA ;D
There is a real live cinco de mayo marching band next door and they have been playing for hours
“LOL” is the new way of saying “I really have nothing to say”
Hopped on the Hunger Games bandwagon
I want the tiny giraffe in the DirecTV commercials SO bad. So I can give it to my girl as a birthday gift!!!!
So do you! MT : Shopping for the #Muse2012 this weekend. Sonya, Whitney, and especially Chris set the bar high.
hangin' out the passenger side of his best friend's ride, tryin' to holler at me.....mmmuuahhh
RT : Wow Suh should be suspended on top of it
have you had the chance to use my 1 yr free code SPRINGLOU ?
I siesta-ed for so long this afternoon that I can't fall asleep
so far, 3 or 4 claims out of maybe 15?
Screamo is just what the dr ordered
crazy ass night
Benefits of growing in containers - Sherwood Park News
dang. sunday?
Nothing like eating lunch in a hot plaza.
At SouthPark mall getting show tickets : D
we all are man! He better not b messing with the bills. 3 days in buffalo better result in a contract.
grants, scholarships, fellowships, and professorships yo
hi! Right in my wheelhouse.
I'll take 3 soft chicken tacos please
Drink American and Shine Responsibly friend!
Thanks for the RT Jim!
I Heard That Nominated For 4 Grammys #Is That A #TrueStatement Fa'Shooooo She Gone Win At Least 3 Fa'Shoooo Go Head Baby
RT : Get us to 1800 Followers & one lucky #sportsbiz follower will win a COMP #NSMN Membership. Why not win this time? (RT)
can we get some o-line as well
Good poops are hard to come by.
hahaha get it
LOL!! (Only a little bit)
English was boring ><".
New Cash Clown Ft Cap1 &quot;Racks N Bands&quot;
What do a porn star, a stripper & a soldier have in common with a Christian, a Muslim & a Mormon? Find out 3/24.
What ingenuity! I bet you can cross from one trailer to the other without going outside, too!
Your Favorite Position Is .. ?
Thanks for following! Have a great night! :)
Liz only told Jason the truth about John McBain and Sam, and Jason told Liz what Franco did to Sam and him after the fact.
you have a blessed great weekend Paul!
Great RT "Everybody if they keep trying, they'll make it...if they quit, they won't." (Jack from #GoldRush) Love this show!
I Feel like your cheating on me? LOL
Discovery's Oprah Problem - BusinessWeek
Geez- almost got my coffee hot this morning. Does this mean the real summer weather will last through december?
Going to test my luck with a one and a half star dunkin' donuts. Should be interesting
Someday I may meet my mother till then no Mothers day for me...but having a great Sunday with my amazing wife
Nah I dont even know who or what #Oomf is -__-
Thanks for highlighting honey badgers, it has sparked a lot of lively conversation around the office!
Wow! Two amazing nominees 4 Corp Arts Citizen @ #Fusion2012 Awards: Karen Fine Saltiel & Theresa Bullock Metro Waterproofing
Change Readiness Index from CUNY. Dashboard: Business Ownership, Coordination, Tech Ownership, Knowledge Managent, Leadership
Good morning! Hope Youu Havee A Nicee Day! :D Love You<3
what about that girl <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0087>;)
the tents are for
I pray for motivation for them!
I'm shrinking!
i message you back . Text back
All I could think about tonight is,Austin. I just wanted to hug him
thanks so much Dan! might be in contact soon!
I'm just ready for tonight with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Oh, that's not a thing anymore?
make that money! :-)
Dont hold back, how do you rly feel? ;-) re: zebra even more irrelevant than it was before
Someone buy a ticket from me and come see me play this Saturday at Rocko's in Manchester, NH? Tickets are only $10!
Watch everybody start googling the dude Todd thats dating Kandi
If I was ina fight it'd be Daniel-Son Crane Kicks al day!
And we are super ok w/ feeding you the goat cheese salad daily. ; )
Looking for a great ignite talk for a blog post must have visual slides with very few words.
I was mistaken.... is far superior to me and
Shanny still looking for Elway Jr.? RT Redskins will face "very tough decision" if Sam Bradford is available at No. 4
yes maam I can't wait either! Bout time Bean!
I have NO INTEREST WHATSOEVER in Jennifer Lopez!
Generate more income on a monthly basis than Starbucks from home with no overhead expenses? At 2:00 PM EST 218-548-0886 CODE:417091#
In life we all have an unspeakable secret, an irreversible regret, an unreachable dream
Who is Simon Thunder?Is he a group, a person or a movement?What family or how is he connected?Does he have a twin or many brothers?Who knows
I've been surrounded by pessimism too soon and too often. I don't see how people live like that
I think I'm losing my voice.
I swear, I remember so much random shit, But I never remember what I need to actually remember.
two bad asses!
Good workout with my bros &
Hoping for a Paranormal State Marathon!
!<==those ticket prices are crazy!
If U think 1 pty has a monopoly on truth and goodness, I feel sorry for U. I don't. Libs call ppl racist at drop of a hat. Vile
Simple question: why did ACC sign new TV deal if everyone is disappointed? What was rush to sign now? Window was open until Pitt&Cuse arrive
*walk upstairs* "why did i come up here?" *walk downstairs* "oh that`s right..." *walk back upstairs*
Registration is open today until 7pm! Can't make it today? Come to Octavius 25 tomorrow, Fri, or Sat.
Watching #Boomerang I cant lie, I will forever love classic cartoons
What's the minimum amount of followers you need to call yourself a marketing extraordinare? 5K?
good morning collin(:
yeah. I don't even have words... Now no one will care about Indiana anymore. We had such a good run...
If I were of age I would have flown up there just to come hang out with you :P
"he should be drug tested immediately..."- stephen a. Smith
..what country song is that?!
Hey dearie! Missed you last night. Big hugs!!
$25.00 concert ticket from ...total cost $39.50...$15 for "handling" fees for online-printable ticket?...seems about right
I don't understand whats so confusing about feelings. You either like them or you don't. You love them or you don't. No in-between shit.
u got my contact still?
Why does mama aardvark call her husband a cannibal?Because he ate his ant for dinner!
going to bed son. tierd. i hope this week goes by fast..
I also can't believe that December is in about TEN days! SO not looking forward to that. I still have to go shopping!
SUPER GREAT NIGHT
Changes to Feb. 12, 2012 reading line-up: Eireene Nealand and Andrea Lambert to read, with two more writers tbd. Save the date & submit.
Very cool. Via , Djokovic & Nadal to play exhibition match at Real Madrid's Santiago Bernabeu, "hoping for crowd of 80K".
Large mouth bass has a moustache!
they're gonna push em dude
I've never winked at anyone in my life.
when people stop texting back in the middle of a converstation!! #mostANNOYINGthingEEVVEERRR '>____<'
your profile pic makes you look like you are very bored - wrong impression?
Chicago Bulls lost the battle. Not the war
florence "cosmic love." My jam. Love you oh so much!
Well today started off nice... Thanks mom <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
*Gasp* you do?
being a DUCK fan and also a STEELERS fan made it bitter sweet to watch!
we going out
#pubarch looks like we are wrapping up - any last questions from Twitterverse?
Thks for the great post! We enjoyed meeting you & the #BlogTourNYC bloggers--stop by anytime you are in NYC!
NY Summer Streets! August 13th & 20th. Brooklyn Bridge to Central Park. Music.bike & skate rentals.dance classes.sand boxes.outdoor pinic
we need to shoot!
agreed! Sure did!!!
Can a TV or radio show producer get you on their show via telephone? Skype? In person? Say so in your
Hi Gwyn, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
followed & thanks! :)
#IfIDontGetBelieveTickets I wouldn't really mind because I have 2013 1D tickets :)
Network Marketers – you do not want to miss this. Be in Phoenix Aug 21.
Omg ily snow :D
As much as she may annoy you at times, you love your mum and know you couldn't live without her.
You can't change anyone. That person has to want to change for themselves. Most times, they don't know or understand that they can change
I would never be sarcastic about my one d!!!! Thanks for converting me!!!!
Check out Los Angeles Groupon for today! Los Angeles County Museum of Art 1 year memebership!! p://www.groupon.com/r/uu3783546
What? And YES! "Absolutely Fabulous has recruited Kate Moss to star in a spin-off episode of the show."
Don't #GetAnXbox unless you want to pay for a bunch of shit. Trust me. Make sure you have a yearly income of at least $69,000
Stop acting like you're single.
#undergradres #erl12 Wonder if promoting research collaboration outside of UCLA, will motivate more undergrads.
Thanks for the RTs! We never meant to write satire. We just write what we see.
RT : Invest in your own property, not Tumblr, Facebook, #blueglassla (via )
It sounds crazy, but CSAs are great ways to get fresh organic veg all summer long, and some do payment plans.
did ya listen to poema?? myspace.com/poemaofficial! they need help promoting! :)
My first professor playing avicii i can dig it
9 more days to vote @ Dewmocracy.com! Let's finish strong! Team White Out!
Lady Gaga is safe from bees!
Yah know whats so fun!! When everything falls out of your satchel falls behind your bed into a vent especially your license :D
Packers down... JETS to go!!!
Sun's out in Seattle!
Nothing is sadder than a beautifully crafted paragraph that no longer fits in context of the paper.
Have you had a scramble of ours? Probably how the Colts brains feel like now...
Boy.. has no butt left!
Thanks, I'm excited to share our mobile strategy at the web & mobile summit!
RIP Steve Jobs - amazing and inspiring.
Dustin.. because my name is Danielle and his name is Justin.. LOL
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
Oh and Thank You Very Much for sharing...lmao
U know u old when u have a bball fight and you have to call on ur lil bro to play for u! LOL.
I forgot to hand them out, it's no problem. I'll DM you info.
": #MentionTo someone you would die for." Iden
I hope 3Com is in that list! 3Com 4evr
Those cheeseburgers and grilled cheese sandwiches were a hit at our event last night. Thanks!!
this take on opera is so hilarious
Derby Day- Manuch's is picking "Done Talking" Right!!! He's never done talking; Roc "Daddy Nose Best"
#hth2012 question about "balancing" between access and legitimate "noncommercial" uses.
Well its obvious you're crushing >.< lol but whatever
The early bird catches the fly ball. #3AM : Basebal! I can't wait to root for my and King Felix!!
Feral Roombas: A documentary.
This rain better chill out!!!! I've got a 4:30 tee time!! <U+26F3><U+26F3><U+26F3>
was very surprised to learn today that SIX brand new MLS stadiums have been built since 2010
That’s my MO, add a B to that shit.
Longer days shorter nights lately.
So #GameofThrones is making incest cool again. You aren't alone anymore, Boone County, WV.
Drank way too much mountain dew yesterday.
Musicians don't retire; they stop when there's no more music in them. - Louis Armstrong
i hate you :D.
Better call this an evening...I've got 425 kids to entertain tomorrow! See you in the morning, Ingomar Elementary!
Between that and 's praise for 's promotion, it was veering on a UT lovefest.
Jane Fonda sizzles at 74 Barbarella still a Babe-arella. At the Cannes Film Festival on Wednesday, Jane Fonda declared that she’s the
#bestofsd thanks to everyone who participated, attended and peeps for volunteering to help!
Ew I hate the Camelot ad on
Don't Get Offended If I Described You In My Last Tweet...Well,I Take That Back You're Just A HOE Face It. * Shrugs*
Changed the Office Nomads mail server (MX) and some emails are bouncing. Should all be fixed in a few hours.
I signed up to enter the Home Goods contest, but may use from time to time
My profile pic is at the island of Mallorca, Spain. Mi isla querida,
"I'm in like meat in a taco."
The response I got on coffee IV's. There is hope. RT Maybe one day!
Bradshaw: image marking tools for polygons, points, boxes, lines. Text annotation, transcription. Also highlight for text.
it's because we're all #gangstalibrarian up in here:)
I want to see a picture! :D
snoop and wiz got a song "have a little party at my crib" beat banging on some G shit
Wow, where's that stat coming from? Sex borders on Russian roulette at that point.
I'm going through changes....
If you are living your life without giving an "F" You're living a LI E.
what is your favorite tech week story?
Graduation couldn't come soon enough. I'm ready to get out and go to college!
Honored. Really looking forward to your tweets. TY.
I understand you have a headache, but who said anything about messing with your head?
i'm so stressed out right now! RT : end of one in Ottawa, #NYR trail 1-0...have not scored in last 136:32 of this series
Maybe next year.
We finally recorded a podcast tonight! Nothing says love like a little bedroom talk through a sound board in our bedroom...oh yeah!!!.
I'm pretty sure his feelings aren't society's first concern.
Emory's survey results: displayed in a libguide, very visually pleasing
need customer service help. need to change payment info on order but get stuck in circular site bug.
What's everyone's favorite brunch spot in Los Angeles?
I hope my plan of sleeping in the sun to get burned works...it'll eventually turn into a tan right?
U are born without anything but u die with ur name..So that name must not b a Word... It must b a History!!! :) Gud morning
good morning i mean afternoon! i got 2 get time down! :D
i love you. im always here for you when you need me. just smile, your beautiful.<3 iloveyou5.(:
Thanks for following!
@ John Davies memorial. What a great life of service. Something to which we should all aspire! RIP John & TY for what you've done for SD!
direct message
as asking someone to pay for your abortions.
patrickjcav: if you're going to buy all kinds of discount Valentine's Day candy tomorrow!
lmao!!! What did u do?
#WW | 'You know you're in love when every day is like a one-night stand.' RT
I still want to add u. I cnt get on twitter right now. I'm sorting stuff out.
I am absurdly resilient when it comes to people.
I just heard Lindsay Lohan is going to be on that show Community on CBS
ok--let's round up people & go from there. I want to see a 12:30 session but don't need to see keynote so cd do late lunch. You?
URL for the eportfolio session? Thanks!
keep me posted Fam it's all luv
RT : That's what its all about! Its universal. RT : good... get Dark & Lovely
Working on a FREE DIY for my website.
What's up with the sad music on #bones this already sad smh
Noboday can do that. You think Kanye doesn't have throw-away beats? You think Michael didn't have off days?
On Tennessee's mini-budget's, testing anyone for anything is costing taxpayers. Silly Tennessee Legislation! This is 1 for the history books
I think mine's blank LOL.
Slow down father time!
:-) Come to Chicago.
I love America... The only country where disabled motorists park up front and run into stores... LoL
they all want to move out so bad, so quick, if I were in that situation I think home would be my 1st pick!
Parked at the Sheraton and not staying at the hotel? Stop by Registration to get validation vouchers. You need one for each day.
"#Literacy is not a luxury, it is a right and a responsibility."- President Bill Clinton
I'm going to be in line tomorrow night nukka
watered yesterday, corn is growing fast!!
everyone says they hate tweeting because they tweet about everything. so i would lovee to say i just took a poop
Ya know when you tear off a nail and it hurts like hell and it's the only think you can focus on? I hate that.
There is a spider two times the size of my hand in the bathroom
I missed you both too!
Any ideas on how we can make women's basketball more sexual? Cuz Ive got none.
i need to go shoe shopping
Ugh Bad Start Of The Day -.- Hope It Gets Better ((:
right people need 2 stop haten on yall they just jealous cause yall famous and they not
lol hey chick how was your trip did u have fun
RT : We've studied best practices at entrepreneurial support centers around the country...including
So I found out yesterday my mom gave up on trying to get my great grandparents. Way to freaking go mom.
Migraines are the absolute worst. I got my ass kicked by a gnarly one last night.
Gonna see if RJ wants to go to the movies c: I wanna see the dictator.
RT : "Big breaks are dead." Great, strangely inspirational article about crowd sourcing and the future of independent film.
3 and out, part two!
What up everybody sitting home being a couch potato. Miss charming thatnks for not following me DOUCHE!!!!!!!
What I love about it is how it is the most immediate action you can take to spread the word about your business!
“: The world is bigger than your block.”lmao.... True
i am done with facebook now i am checking myspace.....
Exercise With Mornington Peninsula Personal Training If You Are Over- Weight
I denounce NYK and my thrown of Zamunda! I bow down to the King... King James!! MVP!!
is a growing favorite of mine. It's a real way for people to connect with you. Just double tap a photo to like it. Simple as that
Thanks to everyone who came to our phone bank last night and our mail prep today. Hope to see you at 10:00am tomorrow for our block walk!
399 consecutive games
It's to distract people from how bad her acting is, obviously.
Dear Stomach, You are not fulfilling your digestive duty to this country. Do you hate America? Love, Patriot Harrison Shulik
should be a great show! We saw their last performance of Alice & Wonderland which was excellent!
noodles wit that mexican sauce and a lil bit a lime!!
Bo. Good idea on the dehumidifier. Wishing you speedy making. : )
well we r leaving now...what's up for the weekend??
The BMW X6 M makes no sense..it is the worst new car ever.
LOL what a way to start off Friday. :P Have a great day T. :)
Much credit to Durrant carrying his team with composure. Finally a young Super Star with some class!
#kids Dallas/Fort Worth Airport Marriott Mother’s Day Champagne Brunch at DFW Airport Marriott Irving, Sun, May 13 11:00a: Annual...
Chicharito is actually playing :o lol
First time in a long while I've seen someone argue "Feature phones is where growth is"
happy birthday Carlos, get laid!
has a broken phone; debt collectors, angry ex-wives, and telemarketers please call now!
So many great lines, right out in front of me :-)
You gotta ask for the Reference Book of Whatever from behind the ref desk but you might *never* get to see the Encyclop of Gay Sex
thanks for the
We hope everybody is enjoying Cyber Monday!! What are some of the best deals you've found today?
Excited to announce that Christiano Ceccato from Zaha Hadid Architects will be joining the jury for the Un-Competition Project!
Hey thanks! MT loved "The Shrinking Stage." Compelling, polemical, with a story to tell: as long form journalism should be.
I need infinite battery power for my I Phone!!
Don't be sweet, lest you be eaten up; don't be bitter, lest you be spewed out. - Proverb
Brady Hoke is not skinny.
Wish I could sleep :c
i get around ..but i don't stop for hoes *Tupac voice*
it was great beating them at home. Should be a tough series.
Top talent leave an organization when they’re badly managed and the organization is confusing and uninspiring. -Erika Andersen
looking toward making sure my ppl affected by east coast quake are good...what are you gonna do to help?
Looks like my man! A real man...who hunts, cooks, and loves God! Irresistible!!
sleepover with kaz and sue
They shouldn't have caused the Indigenous genocide MT "We should have picked our own cotton!" -idiot racist comment on article
My point was more about people's sense of entitlement than any larger discourse on the justifiability of theft.
why must facebook punish me ? i gotta wait 30 daays to send friend requests fuck u fb !
Wow to many bad 1s at Grey Stone
Often a positive mood is enhanced and an employee can be able to be more productive, more focused and have better concentration
We're in the same boat; for me, the pressure is coming from the brother. Of course, we both know they are right.
Tell us who you would like to see give a talk at this year!
About to watch #TheInnkeepers with ! Very excited to see it before the New Year and it's big release. Yeah On Demand!
I think I loosened up for the world last night... Hahaha got in at 5am... Holidays... Gotta love it
I Am So Sleepy And It's Only 7:35 ! Ugh Are You Kidding Me Bro ! .____.
Wants to learn spanish.
Hey remember when we said that was coming in June? WE KID! It's gonna be going down Thu, JULY 5. Sorry for the confusion xo
Where is the New England pass rush?
Thanks for your "heads up" article.
is it happy hour yet?
- Thank you !! Your support is appreciated!!
Everything is coming up Milhouse: Ice Cream Edition.
yep thats weird cuz u cant have everything your way lol
fye me up !
Rawr!! Bad stomach ache now! Imagine that...
ahh, so glad someone knew where that was from! (:
never apologize! pry? i wrote it on twitter!
I know! I resisted because I have the first one, but I still want it.
I have no more apple sauce. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>
omgoodness. Not even a question. YES YOU SHOULD AND YOU MUST
And me!
Nole Fans have to hope this one plays out like Tracy Howard's Recruitment last year.
Thinking about what makes black women's internationalism distinct from black men's, white women's, or Asians' or Latin Americans'
don't worry dude you won't be tomorrow!
Like a good neighbor, is there... with a million dollars and a beach. Nope. Knew it didn't work.
what are you waiting for? DM ME<3
RT 10 days left of #2010. That's crazy
I'm normally a supporter of public employees but ATU 689 definitely deserves the PATCO treatment.
Met a really hott guy tonight, we engaged in convo and found we had a lot in common then he pulled out a cig..
in class slacking off :D
Thank you Jen. RT : : Haha..I am LOVING this new episode of Family Guy! Your Hysterical..Mort!
is this thing working now???
Newark VOTERS come out today and exercise your right. Booker Team!!!!
intern for the magic? They're definitely using you as the scapegoat for Dwight leaving
OMG!!! My condolences to my real blood cousin I heard ur Granny passed today <U+2639>
MT : #sexualcultures Oh dear - flashback to the 80s. Re-arguing the porn wars.
Love the #Titlewave app!!!
thanks Megan!! I miss you too :)
Wow I haven't been on this account on forever!
Sorry. Yes. Hope so. Looking FOR CD. :-), Hope your neck feel better soon.
clothe and connect the homeless-
Thanks for the shout out, !
you knew that! remember when you told me you knew them. introduce!
that would be a dick move
Fake nails, fake hair, fake personality, fake smile, fake everything. Get a tattoo on your head that says "Made in China!"
hey enter our beer pong tournament - every tuesday starting feb. 8 - cash prizes and trophies.
My Birthday is Tomorrow ahh I'm excited! :D
Shoutout too for being my 100th Follower (:
Thanks! Just sent the email :)
o iight pepper ann
“#ToMyFutureHusband For the first time, I don't feel like I have to worry about my heart being broken. #TheWayLoveShouldBe”
love it!!!
“: Kicked off #FirstNight fireworks w/my wife and grand kids. Happy new year from our family to yours!” Great 2 c u on
na-na-na! :) give all my favorites in Nash (& surrounding areas...hahaha) a big hug for me!!! Love you! -xoxo-
*Wave hello*
Thanks for the #FollowFriday. Happy Thanksgiving!
Getting highlights!
Thanks, we'll pass the message to !
I love how and others outsides are getting more transparent so we are mirrored with more truth
I do not enjoy driving drunks around! Lol
Me too!!
Only 14 MORE til 200! Help us #findacure to have a world with ! 4 every follow we donate!
I've been waving the #88 flag since GB drafted u. I knw u dont view this year as great, but we're still 100% behind you!YOTTO
I don't want to set the world on fire, I just want to watch you fucking burn.
*smiles* thanks
Yep! One final shot...then I'm too old to be a beauty queen. ;-)
- Your bio... you can say the same thing about Obama
Only got biology homework left!
feel better!! :( i dont wanna come home to a sick girlfriend, but ill take care of you if you still are :)
#Medeco - 7th question: What is the Maximum Adjacent Cut Specification (MACS) for Biaxial/M3 key systems?
#FF Looking for great jewelry #Seattle? Look no further
Don't you just love when you see a cop and no matter what you are doing someone you are with says "Act normal!" :)
ciao Vincent<3 i really dont wanna go to school but,, Starve a Bully Feed Your Soul. STAND GRAND<3 iloveeeyouuu(:
you should talk to Might be some partnership potential there...
I've sext'd using just Emojis before. By far d most entertaining shit to do
Happy birthday!! Where the party at?
listening to my playlist on
#2012isAustinsYear:) each and everyone of us love you and know that 2012 is gonna be your year<3
I'm down for it
hi ! You should really follow us ! : )
Nice playin' Shaun! Keep it up!
Now open Saturday and Sunday at 10:00am for brunch! Come by and sit on the patio!
- Whew! I might could narrow it down to top 100. Maybe. Probably. Maybe not. Probably not. :)
i gave u plenty of advance notice.... so dont try n hide
it was cool! And we wish you were here too!
We all have choices to make - So where you are in life today is because of the choices you made yesterday - think about it!
Ha! It's true. We can't help it, though. We love us some #hyperlocal :-) RT : overused word: hyperlocal.
Can't wait for dinner tonight with &
Well, Bristol will be happy to hear that PBO doesn't listen to every teenager,.. just the smart ones.
& i dont get boys i make my boys get 1 fa me , and i paper chase fuck stand still money, niggas kill with me and kill for me
love to talk to you about a project that you would be perfect for if your up for a challange!
OH YEAH!
Answer your phone slut.
Triple Chain Gang
do you two ever give it a break
Just saw a guy wearing Shape Ups.
U may see me stumble once or twice, but u will never see me fall
Oh, and the kid next to me, who has probs never been to the library before has very smelly feet. #nowbuyMeaRedbull please and thank you.
That text :-)<3
Near empty room for
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 8
I heart Little Steven, especially as Sylvio. And seeing Bruce slide into the camera man? Awesome!
Stupidity & self-indulgence go hand in hand.
#(High Money The Mixtape) J Dash High Da Cobra & Money Bag's Da Skeet It's Are Time.
Rebound Designs #53, play Under the Covers. Guess title or author of a book excerpt to win 10% off a Book Purse, or 20% off if you get both!
ZINK Magazine will now feature my photography in MAY issue instead of March issue. Stay tuned! Can't wait to share it with everyone!
Just the three of you decided this, or the whole class?
:) haha, yes it is tiring, but I'm making it.
Doing another photo shoot today it's so much fun
Suggestions for a cheap laptop for my folks...mainly internet, solitaire & printing recipes. Help.
Can we expext an #SSX demo in the near future?
should not be allowed to make calls after midnight.
I can't come to the Summer tour because I'll be on a mission trip when you come to Dallas :"( Will you follow me please?
Sorry Ladies. The best husband is the world is mine:) Happy Anniversary Dear.
thanks, Kathy!
Tomorrow I will start a diet and exercise regime. I need to lose some weight.
As it comes closer I find myself itchin to get out of this dorm room...!!
yesssir, thank U!!! RT : Love That I Found Some Deals On Those Gifts I Got For My Lil Brother Thanks..!!
#wordsyouwillneverhearmesay I enjoy when people park right next to my car and I can't open my own door
these bitches in here listening to yung nation knowin damn well i dnt fukkin like them!!!
That moment you're laughing hysterically in your bed, when you know you should be crying! Life is a Puzzle, Figure it out! •jS Zz=-]
I just heard candy coated raindrops and thought bout you
He's not mayor anymore.
We need 3 volunteers to help out with Pariah on 4/22. Email if interested. Volunteers get free admission! First three...
Geez! #recycle #redemptionCenters are a joke! No point shoving "green" down people's throats if you dont accept anything?
Don't make me hurt your other leg.
whats the deal? U Alive? Ha
Set the stage for your success by first learning to be gracious in all things...
Congratulations on being recognized as an Energy Champion by ! Go green, Chula Vista!
I am speaking about Acting and Survival on a radio show tonight, audition on friday..life is good. Thank you universe!
Love is cursed by manogamy .
i followed , for you (:
Watched Eminem on Fuse<3 still
Loving wearing RED just like us at #wssmiami !
I haven't played a weekend round of golf other than tourney in 8 years. 6.5 hour round one Sat cured me. Early AM b4 work I like.
Everybody says Im better off without you but I think their wrong.
well in that case i like it all
Just broke up with my boyfriend.. Which I'm glad because he was starting to become annoying (just saying) and he didn't even love me..
That's not just Pamela Anderson that's Pamela Anderson with co-star Photoshop
"You just made my list, Schindler." - ' Nicholas Cage' to Liam Neeson
NI Technology Updates Outlooks for Google, Harmonic, Clearwire, TriQuint Semiconductor, and Marvell Technology Group
ohh really ?aww well at least you think hes cool(:
I just saw this, so belated thanks! :)
School today is so pointless. One final and nothing else the rest of the day
what a gloomy day just makes me want to sleep
obviously quite a few people found it to be a dick way to do things. And Lebron has apologized for it.
Good afternoon regresando de el viaje con my familia
Imagination will take you everywhere.
I am the king of bad behavior.
Windy windy windy!!!
Thanks so much!! Hoping to screen in SF soon! RT just seen the Volcano Girl project....that's great! Good luck with that!
nice performance!
wit waitin 4 n so we kan finish settin up the new studio this ho lookin sick #NVME Till The End Of Me!!!
josh I fucking love and miss yo ass!
I can't sleep it's WAY to quiet here. Plus the lightning and thunder is just amazing.
RT Lets come together, show support & thank for taking a stand for #MarriageEquality today.
Community Power! RT : Excited to celebrate 100th bday + Year of the Girl on the Hill today!
I'm mad gave you a shout out for it l0l Why do you want to go back? finish something?
Favorite new artist: Childish Gambino ()
Is polygamy the only way to get missionaries off my porch & be expunged from LDS records? or is there an 800 number I can call?
Don't have a plan to get signed, have a plan for after you get signed.
Will someone just offer me a nice cave to curl up & die in :'(
ten drunk people
I'm sure most folks on here agree w/you. Sadly these days thoughtful people stay silent while morons boast their ignorance.
i was going Colton&Jessica & when colton left i was like omg. dead. dead. dead. this is not happening. :$
OK...I'll be over in about 10 min.
#YouWereCuteUntil you took your sunglasses off :/
You need to read your DMs man... lol
The most powerful moments of influence only require a tiny push.
We hope all of you have a wonderful and safe Labor Day weekend!
These niggas ain't no players they some mascots
Ready at run at mini marathon!
Good evening to you and a non-manic Monday to one of my very fave tweeps...and peeps !
other than the last 4 games of last season Mark Sanchez has won at every level. check his numbers 3yrs vs Manning 3yrs
Im soo tired , when I get home ima just knock out [=
I seen a cow laugh so hard, milk come out her nose.
21 Jump Street!!
do u know of any studio/loft locations in LA that you recommend
Doing lots of laundry in preparation for NOLA #ala11. Now to figure out what to wear.
#gail2010 anne pemberton from uncw is hilarious. The needs analysis session underscores how design & analysis can rework IL instruction
"Infrastructure" that is...
CHEERS TO THE FREAKIN WEEKEND
~Great song! We are playing it in the office now! Thanks!
you're hella talented. great job <3
You my people, but I look out for you and you never look out for me
I am at the scanner now. Standby.
You gotta own it if you want it
Invitation to provide evidence searching and appraisal services to support ESA review on safe procedural sedation and a
Only thing that fails about the new job is the lack of a good place to rustle up some vittles nearby.
Southland is always empty <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Lol like fa real RT : The luckiest man on earth, he got em all! RT : Who the fuck is "Him" lol
that place is amazing
I wish I could be there this morning, I am so proud of you! (: I love you baby <3
i find it odd how my eye only hurts when i bend down to put something away. the pressure kills it
Yes, it will be a huge help. Helps her, too. She works in KC now but keeps her home in Carrollton where I grew up.
": Blow the door wide open like up up and away."
While Americans are buying guns in hysterics, actual political policy issues are passing through Congress. Don't forget your representatives
Student asks to keep FLES & says, "FLES me enseño a leer y hablar ESPAÑOL. Maybe in ur generation you didn't have the opp. as we do now."
So we should see you again after the new year?
the bird bird bird, the bird is the werd?
Alittle respect goes a long way
no one now! </3
Security and reliability of data are top tech priorities at says
I'm IN LOVE with deep water running. I think I may go 5x a week. It says I burnt over 1000 cals!
Britten and Brulightly by Hannah Berry for
#NeverSayNever is on instant. Sorry I am NOT Sorry!
RT : I want 2011 to be the year everyone sees in what all of you see. Love you guys for being in this with us!
oh hell, double standard tuesday in the gop has got me giggling for the inevitable #Obama2012 landslide.
you seem interesting. So I followed you... I see you are in Chicago??? Nice!
it should be under macintosh HD/Applications
We know our friends by their defects rather than their merits. - W. Somerset Maugham
sister grabbin me some lunch as soon as I wake up. I say hey today is going to be a good day
is there a concert in las Vegas on 8/3/2013 or is it on 8/2/2013. Not sure because both dates are on website? Please answer
Ugh my stomach is about f'd up just as much these red neck's down here...#VicennesRants >.<
Hope everybody had an amazing weekend! I did! Stayed busy, sorry for scarce tweets!!! Xo
so dedicated. you will go far, Jakey-san.
It's not supposed to rain in Perth. It's summer there.
: Thanks for spending Earth Day with us! Enjoy growing your basil and compost worms.
still trying to figure that one out...
i like being by myself , don't gotta entertain anybody else . i like my space
ah, that's it!
I'd like to give it a try...How do I apply?
I know 2 companies/websites that are interested.
trust no MAN..only GOD
If something isn't done, every single department manager will have quit before Christmas. CLEARLY THERE'S A PROBLEM HERE, PEOPLE
please do me the biggest favour and follow my friens she LOVES.. OBSESSES with you:o
Looking forward to spending the afternoon with the good peeps from the !
Wish I could ever remember to listen, dadgum it. It is streamed too, right?
This presentation abt using wikipedia to improve access is fabulous.
“: Former #Denver mayor Willington Webb came out today to speak in favor of #CivilUnions #COLeg”
Liz truly loves her fans. Every single one of you supporting her. she loves you. <3
we expect to continue rapidly expanding the universe of electronic additions available on Axis 360
thanks man.
Bumpin Chris brown mixtape it's kinda straight
Countdown to final auditions - can't wait to have this film cast and be able to really see these lead characters come to life!
Hey Angela, thanks for sharing quite a few of our blog posts & videos! Happy Friday :)
I can't believe Ted Nugent would try to use his freedom of speech
Fuck man my phone is gonna die and I hardly used it. Today
Amazing moment w/ #ManCity, but 1 ?: If same record as #ManU, why use goals tiebreaker and not playoff?
I <3 our postal system. It's so... taped together.
Another sunny day in portland will it last?????
did you see avengers yet?
tell them anything but dont tell them all the truth
#KSsynapse R.Tsien: Have also combined miniSOG w/ TimeSTAMP to visualize, at EM level, a specific pop. of proteins made at a specific time.
omg girl i luv the way u think
The scapula and the clavicle have a long standing relationship...mainly because they find each other quite humerus.
Like Duncan Oughton as a color commentator.
Interesting stat... RT "around 110,000 records are made a year, we're covering about 1500 of them"
Follow me on Instagram
is it still illegal to use sticky glue so we can catch the dang ball?!!!
#Badgers win 79-71! First win in the #B1GTourney since 2008. It's Wisconsin, Michigan State tomorrow. We'll have live coverage at 11 am ct
Success! Got in via iPad! Apple really is the brand that keeps on giving. See everyone at B & Olney.
Not quite: a Jewish stove means you set it beforehand so it heats up on the Sabbath so you don't have to touch it that day.
Awesome blog, thanks cant wait to read upcoming blogs
I have boy plants. I don't know why. :)
The rest of my joke,what did the ghost say to the bee? Boobees RT if you get that!
This is the best day EVER! SpongeBob
Super jealous that and are at #cildc but hoping they have a great conference!
#ff These are smart, helpful and wonderful Seattle women to follow if you are on twitter to learn
That's really all I know
do you realize whenever you say soon it never happens....?
Your Acct was hacked and is posting Dms with links to malware. Time to change your password.
Do charity silently or else the charity is you.
No sweeping up cheese and lettuce when all you do is talk about their problems..they unload anyway we can at least be in a comfy office.
thanks Craig! :)
Sunday mornin in the cubicle. Lets do this!
I lost most of my contacts, great -.-
I just made me some grits! man, these are soo good :))
Lot of talk about UK not leading for Bennett, even with Florida dropped. I guess it's time for the staff to put all out press on Jefferson.
They say nigga- I been noing them since dey nose was running!! Shitd! Not me! I say dey was"Young Swag" now I say SwaggD OUT!
- we're now available for download in Canada's Appstore :)
Early morning drive through downtown blasting beach house. Pretty stellar.
At Public Policy Forum lunch featuring Martin Kaiser of Milw Jrnl Sentinel. Tablet adoption rate greater than any previous technology.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRINCETON<3!!!!
hey i changed my name its now ilove_mahone12
Don't forget we are closed on Thursday. So now is your time to get your Island Fryday's fix!
I wanna grill like the dude off #HowHigh .... #INeed$ - that way I don't have to talk to ppl either, I'll just let em read the golds!
Thanks Dr. Ferris for all of her work with the MYC. We wish you luck at your new job and will miss you very much!
Basketball Belles=great read! Wish there were more nonfic picture books about basketball, just as there are for baseball.
Bulls Derrick Rose will play tonight - only 14th time this season that Chicago will have its full lineup...
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there! Hope you felt loved and appreciated for all you do! Love ya Mom <3
yup. So glad I'm not in that business!
no problem Bob:)
I don't either lmao
nd then you spelled it wrong so i walked away shakin my head
Jam is a little sticky, how bout "like he was a cheesecurd"
Anything special planned for tonight in Chicago? Some live piano? Your sets always give me a special feeling!
Blue stands for truth, honesty, loyalty, and integrity. Promotes thoughtfulness and creativity; suggests knowledge; calms the mind!
thank you for spreading the word about my fundraiser! I want to help your organization anyway I can!
Thanks for the RT :)
That was me ;-)
Can't wait for your season! I would love to do your hair + makeup here in CLT!!
Later Twitter..
sitting home and relaxing. prom is coming up and i'm super excited!!!! :D:D:D:D
not 8 foot.
#Giants Home Opener!! Time to #Bartab! #GoGiants!
Thanks to all of our new followers and RT-ers for the love last week! Stay tuned for the announcement of our gift certificate winner!
Watching Martin on MTV2.
naw I mean to fly to Houston lol
Butch Roy picks me up in his action van and I feel like i'm in the A Team- only no BA since Minneapolis has no black people.
also Costco is pretty good @ making things right (i use to work there) just call or go back later.
Wonderful, Thank you for the reply!
#Census 2010: Texas becomes a majority-minority state for the first time based on official 2010 results; its switch occurred in 2005
#1waytopissmeoff ; Is when people lie to me.
We must cultivate a testimony that has a solid foundation or we will be swept away by the cunning craftiness of Satan
Watching #TanishaGetsMarried it's hilarious!!! Make room 4 the
LOTS of park 3 #Vinylmation in the open trade boxes at Epcot right now!
If Youkilis is on block, and Sox will eat some cash, the pirates should give chase
i just think anything will be better than winter at this point...
#UnitedGA is tomorrow @ 8pm est!!! Details coming very soon!
Like they added a new master suite onto the house but you have to go outside and around the garage to get to it.
I think we could all like to dedicate that song to someone and it would make us smile
Rock on. Enjoy.
Congratulations! Quite an accomplishment!
follow me!!!! it would make me the happiest person on earth
Just looked at some horrifying pictures from the oil spill in the gulf. Very scary.
hope you like!!!
Gonna try and make today a great day:)
Me too :\ RT I hate it when I don't realize my typo or error until someone RTs my tweet. *mutter*
I just signed up and I am in District 11
Tell me this: you've atleast felt the same thing once or twice too, right?
soo excited :D
I don't think Matt Kemp wants to finish 2nd in the MVP voting this year
Boarding This Flight To ATL <U+270C><U+2708>
thank you! :)
But you'd wanna smoke! Lol RT I wish Snoop Dogg would narrate all documentaries! I would actually not fall asleep! :p
When in France, do as the French! ^_^
It's going very well! We're already gearing up again for HHC here in the office - it will be here before we know it!
Stranded in the desert wit a hot chick yea i ca work wit dat
Happy New Year tidings to all and followers. Here's to a fabulous year in
I remember 9 yrs ago when I got my license gas was only $1.49 a gallon
Don't miss your chance to see Westlife at Doncaster Keepmoat Stadium this Saturday! Tickets still available.
excited to see what i can make with a pile of 3/16" x 3/16" x 8' wood scraps.
#skin let's do it. Champs and Bjs haha
you stopped talking to me ! lol. good. you ?
the moment is now...the moment is now....the moment is now....
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! V
Actually... not Thursday... that's taken. :)
Found what's probably the right dataset, can't open it due to lack of download permissions. Waiting for IT.
S/o to for the tribute track....it jus copped that joint much respect to u bruh
F A AND FIND SOMETHING MORE IMPORTANT TO REPORT
... I think I just broke twitter. :)
Shoutout to my best fiend I'm twitting this for you girl
Thank you, thank you! RT : Happy Birthday to the very fabulous
Ohio Chautauqua & the CIVIL WAR moves to CHESTER - opening night on Tuesday 7/12 - complete schedule at www.ohiohumanities.org
I wonder if McCarthy knows the words to "hit the road jack "
I practice inpatient med so that hasn't been a goal. Think it's good for many things but for most, won't=huge referral source.
This is sweet, though I can't figure out how to use it!
I can't watch this anymore, I'm gonna watch Space Jam lol.
Springfield, Oregon...who would have guessed.
I put myself out there and asked the question a guy should ask, bad idea! </3
Flowers grow out of dark moments. ~Corita Kent
I feel like death.
Excited for the show tonight!
LOL nothing wrong with that get it !!!
“: Lord, I know all sins are equal...but can u hold killing someone over sneakers a little higher than the rest...Amen.”
Hope you find a way to make it work. Creatives doing "shut up and draw" work is never a good thing.
The secret to winning is constant, consistent management.-- Tom Landry
"yeah I hope it does too lol : I hope it rains on everyone at the Drake concert lol"
cool- they are fun to film!
#ReplaceAMovieTitleWithWeed the hunt for green october
oh yes we are. We are visionaries. #fangirlinghardcore but it's ok... Haha
Listening to Shinedown!
O's punished the Dead Sox again today 8-2! Hit a bomb so far Rondo caught it at the TD Garden! Let's go O's!
I'm craving zucchini and asparagus ):
Happy Birthday to Melissa Joan Hart and to Britt Robertson
Have created 2nd Twitter site, , primarily for political stuff, so I don't burden my writing/editing & other followers w/ it.
I know :( juggling two jobs makes one's social life so taut, it's no fun! oic When u gonna start nmn??
Obama openly supported gay marriage in a Wednesday interview with ABC's Robin Roberts, marking a historical milestone for the gay community.
Today my bro B-day... yall wish him a happy b-day
Drove past Tram's Salon and I thought for a second it said Trey's. Trey?
sitting in class...struggling o.O
My head is filled with social media terms, network architecture, objectives, measurements, and more. Learning so much in this new job.
Cafe LuLu with for some drinks & appetizers!
you coming back to maine to race in the 250?
very cool that is on the roster of #PdF12 speakers! innovative & effective way to reach English learners in #China cc
Seeing Sandi Patty and in "Hello Dolly"
DO YOUR THING BROTHER
#Kentucky Final Four watch parties: Daytona: Houligan's on Grenada; Jax: Blackfinn; Miami: BWW on Sunset. Find more on our site....
Not a group sir...but an individual...Tevin Campbell...
Its raining in LA. It's beautiful. Makes me miss Houston.
theres always that moment when u just feel like u want to break down and desperately need a hug but at the same time u feel so alone :(
thanks for the vegFF! :B
My hair is so messy
Hey what's up
Don't forget! We play at the Foundry Friday night for Deeper Life!
Puerto Rican run here I come! Find me raging on the beach tonight!
Interesting place to feel people's love and pain. Sending only love~
Just saw #TheHungerGames and it was the #bestmovieever!!
C'mon Preds...one last push.
but you always wear latex!
new recipes for MREs!
He actually has a DJ name but it escapes me. He used to spin with Steve Sleeve from Shapers and Hood Internet.
Short evening tonight, bed at 9p and up for work at 4a :( lol
It will never happen is a pussy, unless you get him liquored up then he goes straight for the junk
so true!
IKEA will always hold a special place in my heart :) was part of the first date w/ my bf, hahaha.. love it! good luck! have fun!!
you will not defeat me!! Themes fixed!!
Good Luck to all of the SCAQers who are racing Malibu tomorrow!!!
I'm all for meeting new people but I'm also all for only having 5 friends that I actually keep in contact with daily.
your so awesome!!! Please follow back!! :D PLEASE
You calling me out?! hee hee. I am an SEO strategist for a hospital. Still not sure what doing when I grow up, though.
I created the Co-writer Bulletin Board to try to help. Does anybody have any other tips, or tricks for finding a good co-writer?
On the way! Might be a few min late
The world of documentary is a tough shell to crack. Particularly, when you attempt to inhabit grayscale space.
I would see if i have good aim in the toilet & Oh yeah Flap away
"in the city where the women are real" obviously Pitbull doesn't know Miami very well.
Have word that the airborne #rbms11 folks are diverted until weather clears! Let's hope they aren't too bored!
#Pilates will tone, strengthen, and lengthen your body!
511? same here. ended up completely going in a new direction as time progressed.
Cause you make my heart race!<U+2665>
The smile and the taste of a fresh ruby red grapefruit! Yummy
Never trust a man in a wheelchair with dirty shoes.
My hair-cut lady didn't like my logic today: "My Dad hasn't used conditioner in over 50 years & he's the only one of his friends not bald."
Looks like I just found an excellent source for for articles on audio recording- look for them soon on www.primalcine.com
Tampa protestors are leaving for #Sanford for Trayvon Martin rally.
Trying out Twitter Lists. I've created one for STC chapters and SIGs /stc.
saying hi to the beautiful dani, happy wednesday to you
Everyone I Know Is Either On Their Period , Just Got Off , Or About To Start .
I apologise to everyone who received bad emails from me. I was hacked. The problem seems under control now.
have arrived at #intlib10 Massive tweets til Wed on lib tech stuff. Just to warn y'all
Preparing the back half of #Piranha3DD for its final mix. It sounds cool. Keep an eye out for it in 2012!
#Iwish i had someone to occupy my thoughts
showing of beautiful maps and cartography via
Are you here? We're in 108.
WHY DO BAD THINGS HAPPEN TO GO GOOD PEOPLE. WHY.
My roomie is a professional.
The show starts at 8pm but we are having activities for the kids from 7-8pm in our M&T Bank Pavilion
she always talks about it cause me and my brother fight... shes always threatening us with taking away the internet..
There's the Justine I know and love!
Open Auditions on May 28 at COCA. More info to follow.
When u getting some paper ,now get ready for Haters ..
Build a responsive site in a week: designing responsively (part 1)
haha. a thank you would be much appreciated. I'm making your bitch famous.
FOODS THAT HEAL Food of the month teff | News for Dallas Texas ...: Perhaps more common amongst ethnic groups, it's only a matter of ...
Short skirt + high winds = not a good idea
wow. You guys are so amazing :) you get better every time I hear y'all! I love you guys!
We should've called it the "Rip off " contest.
RT : Lost something in the #IUPUI library? Check the library's lost and found at the Circulation Desk. We have lost flash drives.
Hi Kristine. How are you? I've been off line a lot the past few days, solar flares messing with my internet? Hope you're well
cool. I might be back in the A next week. Depending on what's going on
"I gotta model in high heels she 6'4, but it don't mean shit tho, if a nigga call I bet she get low"
Bruce Houghton: any new product or service must feel revolutionary AND comfortable to users.
You are most welcome!
He need to call he starting to worry me.
Parking gods! Why have you.forsaken me?
after her fake marriage, Kim's so over. No one cares anymore.
Ryan Krasney rendition of National Anthem at #Nationals Park. Well done.
hm no I think it was !
i am late, but that statement spoke volumes!!! often times we really assume this.
I just found out that my phone has the ability to be a wireless hotspot... made my day!!
I hate commercials :/
Ok...random Q..how are Jack & Chuck Bass related?! He's Chuck's uncle, right? Which means his sis is Chuck's mom? cc:
Your attitude determines your altitude!...Stay positive! #SHMS dropping knowledge!
Design That Inspired Steve Jobs (AAPL) via
i know it sucks so r u buying one?
If #Arabs would realize #ArabSpring is something we invented to EXPLOIT - understanding #truth about #syria would be A WHOLE LOT SIMPLER. :(
I'm the same way , but shit neither of us have to its gon be FREE.
Are you ready for the campiest movie of the decade? I am!
Looking forward to you and burning up the dance floor!!!
This voice in my head that I've had 4 yrs, says they love me.What is love if u can't c the person.It's like I hav an annoying bf in my head
Oh boy. Buckle your seatbelts. Today is getting a little bumpy.
Happy birthday !
Without a phone thanks to Coke -_-
New wheels just came out..my ladies ridin 3 Series, 5 Series BMW & C Class Benz hit me up. Classy affordable wheels. B the 1st
Congrats to on a great season, despite falling 13-11 today to #Colgate in the #NCAAMLax playoffs at Garber Field.
“: Bout to crush some arms and shoulders #IronMafia #BeDetermined”. Knock it Out!
Plan your spring outdoor rooms or now. Be ready, don't wait because #Punxsutawney Phil says 6 more weeks of winter,
Richard Belzer rocks
My friend has been raving about Must find and try now.
Go Ravens!!
I'm gon have to call my barber hands. Dis nigga always gotta make phone calls and shit and wonder why he don't get no tip
Question where in the US do you live?? This is not meant to be a creepy tweet!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you're playing Guitar Hero and you miss a long note
We Sure Hope that Beyonce gets mon to sit for Blue Ivy so she can Pay Tribute To Whitney Houston at the Grammys tomorrow
naw I'm just better skilled lol
Half time and spurs are up by 4.... 56-54.. GO SPURS GO
WOO REPPING BRAZIL CAPOEIRA
If I leave my heart with you tonight, will you promise me that you're gonna treat it right?
Decoded: Sanchez is terrible & we don't want to admit it. MT“: #Royals confirm LHP Jonathan Sanchez on disabled list.”
He doesn't find it too scary?
Let us know how the Passover pizza is!
i am the coolest 29-year-old ALIVE.
That looks healthy and dangerous all at the same time. Good luck.
Also sounds like South Bound on the Hoan is shut down
Go MU beat the Badgers.
Writing bromides from self-proclaimed "snarky" writer types irritate the living shit out of me. But what can you do...
Oh no isn't attending? You will be missed!
Yeah I do. $80 a piece. Dm'd you.
Surrendering my car to the gov go ahead I don't have nothing to hide
It was amazing meeting tonight at the Coca-Cola holiday party!!!!!!
I hope to be soon as well
Shout to the birthday boy :)
Or a #boozah ?
Thanks for picking us up, and feel free to check out our own hyper-local comedy podcast. Baltimore never sounded so good!
Parkway Drive is so much fun to jam to.
Sadly I had to stop playing #ME3 for the night. I shall say goodnight until it be marrow.
Who knows anything about Nashville songpluggers? Looking for somebody good who will make major pitches. Have you ever heard of ____? askme
Playstation Network has an update for the PS3. Now I guess the browser can render interactive websites now.
Today I learned that people in Milwaukee walking down Brady Street sometimes emulate the haircut of Skrillex.
#shoutsout to for #promoting me telling 4lks to #follow me..I c u #thanks hun
yeah I feel you
Already a #Jets fan favorite here on Twitter, singled out as UDFA who has impressed Rex. Tweaked hammy today.
Is at the Academy Awards!!..by that I mean I am as close as someone with no ticket or affiliation to the awards can get..
Just received word (from Maghound) that the Advocate magazine is ending it's publication this month. That's a sad thing.
You dont deserve no hate. I deserve hate
I'll never leave. Rdio is just so easy to use compared to spotify
had a blast guys! Thanks again! We're the ones that've been in #ABQ a year now
prince of da city mixtape coming soon hosted by me
I miss the fam...
Definitely didn't look like he did, refs weren't counting. He wouldn't have if Scalabrine didn't yell at him from the bench.
enjoyed the day and all that came with it. family time is the best time. happy bday to my sis alexia:-) we had a rocking good time
Don’t ever wrestle with a pig. You’ll both get dirty, but the pig will enjoy it.
RT : Undie Sunday numbers are in from today 565 pairs of socks, 432 pairs of underwear, and 55 bras!!!!
Church was awesome! It was an honor to have at The Bridge tonight. God bless you brothers in Christ.
"Awake my soul"
- almost did in the tournament back in '08 (71-70) We'll see...
aye detention buddy xD it's isabelle :D
really? Why?
A break up is like a broken mirror. Its better to leave it broken than hurt yourself trying to fix it.
If I wasnt who I am, I would've been movin out by now
"Life is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the rich, a tragedy for the poor."
algebra homework, yayy:D
awhhh . (: he's gonna be cute and come out with a six pack of abs lol
wait do you have a tumblr cuz ik a person from thier that has one
Put These Bitches On LockOut
Chocolate brought to me directly from Austria...one piece a day.
I've heard good things about that. The interview w filmmaker made me hungry and want to see the film.
Loved #Pompeii at ! Amazing!
Young, fresh minds who can bring new ideas helps create a great story for an org.
establishing difference as natural is anthropological certainty - a suicidal courage one must have in modesty.
Well shit. RT I'm feeling like a champion.....champion hitman
I'm glad the adapter worked. Go MACs :) I promise, it's really not all that complicated.
#CommonTattoos hot topless mermaid, that 30 years later looks like a dragon.
How did I miss this!?!
Diversification of ideas to social problems can happen through multiple charities and not put it on the govt.!!
Yes! What a great weekend of basketball!
Good morning!!.. Have a great hump day!!
Friday we will be at Habitat for Humanity by Warm Springs and Tamarus. 215 Exit Warm Springs, west, right on Tamarus. End of street.
Not to go all math on you two, but the 11.7 is slightly more of the team's available minutes than the 14.0.
It worked for bar owners...why not apply it within the petroleum industry? Happy Hour gas specials?
you busy tonight??
Always have a plan B :)
“: #truth you are in the losers seat when you are not loving!”
#VoteGrahamBGT comeon get him to the final! He's so funny :]
I just want Skullgirls to come out already. :(
i am requesting some cinnamon rolls...feel free to ship them
shout out to carlos del3no
Why cant come to dc D: waiiiiii </3
AMEN. Sincerely, Just got off working an 8 hour shift in a drive-thru window.
Kenny the beagle that was inside a truck stolen from Culloden, has been found! Being reunited with his owner now.
RT A headband
SEO NEWS: What's Better - On-page SEO or Link-building?
A little. Also, should show up and gloat. :)
ohkay that's too much
Congrats and thank you for helping us spread the good news!
You should speak w/the guys. They've got some awesome customers.
I was stationed in AR when that happened. But we made that detour on the drive back from AK in 85, quite a sight
Just booked NCIS: Los Angeles - auditioned ON my birthday this past Friday so what a nice gift!
Oh I thought they were just opening for them! this is even better!!
I miss you! Only 4 tweets from you today
Ever meet that person you really wish you hadn't?
Over here playin cards in choir right
LIBERTY SMITH the musical: www.fords.org/event/liberty-smith and FIRST DATE the musical: www.5thavenue.org/show/firstdate1112/
Happy Birthday to you! Enjoy your day! Xo
on TV or IRL?
September 4th-Private Wedding September 15th- Grand Openong of Tucson Club October 9th -Salvadorean Restaurant October15th- Private Party
Thanks for the #FF!
;O assasin How do you get gold in Elder scrolls oblvion?
digital cable from a converter box sux
txt me i lost your numbaa
Happy new year!!!!
RT : Laying down to watch this #BehindTheMusic can't wait for a BTM in 15yrs
been a long week! Relaxing with my furry child Harley!! Have a great weekend!! Happy Kom Yippur!!
Running today with the neighborhood group! Bring on this fabulous Saturday!
no its mine lol
in the metro area?
Beautiful day. Planning my day around a lunch ride on my Bicycle. #Carmel has close to 200 miles of trails and paths
Anyone blogging about their 2012 goals? I'm curious what other people are planning.
i've been consistently gaining simply because I like beer, and chocolate. I need a way to help me portion control my meals
So interesting to hear board members' thoughts on college success for our kids. Kicking off our October benefit felt good 2!
its draft day and i could care less
thunder video is dope !
I mean...someone tell me how I'm supposed to act. I'm trying to protect myself.
There is a sweet new product coming this year! It's going to blow your mind!
hey, it was nice meeting you too.
*scrambles frantically to get to Grace's FB page*
This #Mizzou game is so exciting to follow, even on gamecast. I don't think I'll be able to sleep until it's over.
This cup of coffee this morning never tasted better :) Have a great, productive, kick butt day peeps!
haha and harry you know the most about it so im sure u corrected him. Lol <3
twice in one week?? you #VIP, you. RT I'm at HB Home Bistro (Chicago, IL) w/ 2 others
... You know it playa
tim duncan is going to be 45 putting game in these young boys...
Been to 3 Cubs games with my little bro at Miller Park: Z's no-no, ReJo's grand slam robbery, and this marathon. Always memorable here.
Summer produce is at an end. Heavier dishes r on the menu and you should be seeing more offal. God I love Fall. Can't wait for parsnips.
Im Just Telling The Truth Girlly.<3 I Was Like "Look How Beautiful This ICONiac Is" Heheh #ICONicBoyzOnEllen Need To Happen(;
Gonna upload some pics from on #DreamMachines make sure to check them out
The Bengals are starting to look for real. As an Ohio native it's nice to see. And the Browns won not often you'll see both those teams win.
So FIU has a new online store. I heard they're going to be offering special deals to their twitter followers. Follow
Well, I originally only lost movement in my pinky finger but now it looks like I've lost movement in my ring finger as well = /
Oh--that's really lovely. I'm glad
Welcome to Wilmerding :) hehe i love this place!
hanging out with and at the party! #sxswsea ftw!
its ok its not like you're making fun or anything it's my videoo that made u laugh that makes A HAPY CAMPER SHARE IT THO PLZ <3
Kristen Stewart sports &#39;60s look on ELLE UK magazine cover (Photo, poll)
let's smoke a bluuuunthaha
I want my kids to stay in school but sometimes wonder why. MT : 28 yrs ago w/ $1K instead of studying for finals I started Dell.
11% of adults around the world have never had sex.
But most 20 year olds with 2 years of college are more mature than a 19 year old with none.
i'm usually a coffee person but i'm currently undergoing a pomegranate green tea obsession
Join us at PRO-Brookfield from 11:00-1:30 today. FREE shirt for registering on site and anyone can enter to win a VIP entry!
2011.08.18 #Dodgers 5 #Brewers 1 | You can't win them all / Kershaw neutralizes Crew / Brewers hit the road
Oh none so far. I'm just putting it out there. Don't have time for it. Mischief maybe, but not shenanigans. :)
Loss of virtue in a female is irretrievable
#tempo at 83 i think imma put my country potna on it wit his accent it will sound raw
Is your online site down
i really don't understand the 'listed' partt. i can't get any lists to follow me :/
#LadyGaga will be at the #VerizonCenter tonight! Who's going?
Its almost the exact opposite lifestyle....except the partying!
are amazing right now :) i feel like I'm facilitating the party haha
POLL QUESTION: what are you doing to ward off the Ides of March? Careful out there, kids!
yeah I believe and I both know why its too late
I'm starting a band with ! We'll play 80s folk songs with a dash of classics, a swirl of Ke$ha, and an occasional BMTH. \m/
I got my copy last weekend & started reading it last night. He's such a great guy, looking forward to reading his stories!
nice Ms J
I level up quick xD
the sheetz by my work is now open.. sa-weet!!!
hope you're having fun making gifbooms. :] well goodnight sweet dreams and love you :*
just as we remembered.
84 cappers with their College Hoops up today so far with 2 consensus from their plays with more to come.
You go! RT : 1 month ago I chopped off my hair. I'm now enjoying the most beautiful kurly kinky hair of my life!
Adult lullabies should be a thing.
Sara omg it was on your B-day 2yrs ago you were so sick missed your party I felt bad that it happened to such a sweet person
I see you! Let us know how Premiere Events plans to support the Year of Boulevard! ;-)
Thanks to and all of you guys that made it out last night. See you next week!
Well that was fun
totally agree! we need to get ryno back at wrigley!
get one fo our last 8 pairs of this collection for $50 only! clearence! contact us at
With 50 days to go, construction on Belle Isle is underway & the staff is working hard to bring the race back bigger & better than ever!
Thanks for the RT!! I appreciate it :)
Shoutout to !! Get her to 600 & youll get a shoutout RT when you did(: only 10 people please follow her!
Good morning all you wonderful peeps
Always knew that dude was smart. ;-)
are you going to be performing back in town on tour
Shot an amazing ranch for Marie Mcmillian.off the grid with breathtaking terrain. Over 500 acres of land with springs/gorges/dinosaur poop?
I'll be performing as a member of the band for the musical, "Anything Goes", at the Long Beach Center Theatre this weekend.
Much love! Not all of us are racists. I hate racism!!!!!! I judge people by how they treat me, not their skin color:)
Busy weekend but its all worth it...
See you tonite for the 8:30 show. Looking forward to seeing the place, and hearing Carole Montgomery!
:) Yeah, I'm not a fan of rain either, but when the lawn starts turning a crispy brown, it's a welcome change.
Michael, where are you looking to purchase a house? I may be able to help you out. Let me know!
Shoes are overtaking my room. I haven't decided if this is a problem yet.
- Man it was nice to meet you and your lady the yesterday at Barns and Noble... Jason Ieda-Clarke (felon 31)
everything sounds better slower/lower. you can take that to the bank.
midnight dessert snack?
People always raving bout the Blind Side. It's not that great a movie...
Pretty sure my head is going to explode.
Strange since consensus seems to be that that Bucks took G.S to the cleaners? Good deal for the Bucks imho!
Nobody told Arnold Schwarzenegger that you can't do to the hired help what he did to the California Legislature.
So, just for the record, the Celtics are getting all of the calls tomorrow night, even some you've never heard of.
Clarinet Studio Recital Tonight. Students of Caroline Hartig 6 PM!!!!
Despite my technical Tweeting difficulties, very much enjoyed an excellent panel.
I will turn their mourning into joy and will comfort them and give them joy for their sorrow. Jeremiah 31:13
If I had a racoon in the attic I wouldn't give my wife a paint gun to get rid of it, Who wants a spotted house.
I hate when my booty goes to sleep....can sumone wake it up.....pleeeeaaassse!!!
Simply doing household chores and keeping an active lifestyle may lower Alzheimer's risk.
RT : If I responded with, "Maytheschwartzbewithyou." Would u know what I meant, would you think I'm crazy? (Spaceballs!)
Yep. RT : Joey Votto deserves just as many plaudits as Pujols/Adrian/etc get on a regular basis. Tremendous player.
RT Everyone is selfish at times.. so dont trip when i say whats mine is mine.
Oh, also, ONE MORE WEEK.
Much love for the FF, sweetness! :)
Saturday night
Coaches switch teams all the time.
releasing a new song next week! We are going back to record 6 more songs to make a full length
You can beat Beth Phoenix!!!!!!!
Getting my workout in! 30 minute run, 10 minutes of HIIT and 20 minutes of abs! What are you doing today?
omg that's pure funny <3.
Art and literature wrapped into one delightful package, and most of them are under $20.00. They smell good too!
I cannot speak of the things I've seen...
Happy birthday lil bro finally 16!
Frolfed a -2 despite the wind. Nice!
I bet the feds know :)
"Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.”--Dr Seuss
If the pacers win I'm running outside naked, that's how I hate Lebron
?I am in control of some things. I can choose. My next moment can be meaningful or it can be wasted.? ? Rock Christopher
he better! This is once in a lifetime
congratulations on the launch!
Looks like a beautiful day and I am contemplating going to Taste of Chicago to take pictures.
I hate when he falls asleep while im textin him D:
My pleasure. Had a great #Easter weekend. Hope you did too.
that's too much work lol
An electrician is a bright spark who knows what's watt.
RT : Now #hdsholiday, onto resolutions for 2012... ?? Yoga doubles ?
not a damn thing. Just sitting around
How was I not following before now?
lol im a little scared cuz for some reason the squirells here like to attack ppl...and ur welcome
Dogs don't have ear drums. So when you blow smoke into them, it goes straight through the auditory tube to the cerebral cortex.
Ah yes.. 12:41 as in 1241 (that road) in a town where I grew up. Its the address to the home I was raised in, where I am at this time.
Please don't tell me that this stupid heart condition thingy is coming back.
Listen, smile, agree, and then do whatever the fuck you were gonna do anyway..
The value is not instant results, but instant context, feedback, potential for iteration.
A genius! For 37 years I've practised fourteen hours a day, and now they call me a genius!
#Reds WIN!
This just went from weird to creepy...
was in this morning!
Cee-lo looks like a 300 pound Sean Combs.
Lets hope you know some people with that avatar. #scary RT : Its all about who you and what you can do for them.
Thank you, Adobe Dreamweaver, for deciding to break the day my webdesign project is due. As if I haven't had enough problems with this class
followed, follow back?
GOOD LUCK to everyone. We are all winners in our efforts to change our world.
Your performance was like the sun, WAY TO HOT.
Responsibility to do this work- its the work of human beings.
By the way, we killed a squirl..
RT : Yes but always watch your back too. RT : Focus on the competitor, but only while it is ahead
just got home from school :boring!
me too that would be awesome we should get her to come with 1D when they come to KC.
You mean it's not??
wish she would do another
That whole idea is crazy-sauce, yo.
that's a good way to be everyday!
Baked Tofu at #TheBeanNYC is pretty slammin'.
It also proved to be a fantastic way to get Kathy Griffin to stop calling here..my God, that women is persistent...
Omg somebody sold me Gillie da kid new mixtape Smh ...He need to jus get a job now he outta pocket..
Any #slpeeps thinking of going to the Natl CAS conference sponsored by CASANA in July? Boston-area, MA
Hello. Is it possible to get an interview with you? (:
The remake of Arthur made me watch the original, which is a really charming film.
I’m here to bring you quick and healthy tips and recipes for the whole family!
hey guess what!
Happy 4th of July to all!!!!!! have a extraordinary day.
Four Tips to Save Money on Energy and Make Your Home More Attractive to Buyers - Fox Business
Is Amare downplaying the severity of the injury or is source lying? 'Source' reporting gets carried away...
Is anyone else's pandora streaming been sucking ass lately? Or is it just coincidently all the internets I've been attached to?
I love you!
Triumphant return to #Baldoni's in lovely Menominee Falls!!
I feel like you just live to hurt me. #whyareyousocruel?
Mine coming next Thursday. Go team!
#camas #teachers rock! We are so fortunate and appreciate them all!
u went to bed so goodnight(; our first game is tomorrow against one of our main rivals<33 u owe mee goodluck wishes
yes to rager no to vegetarianism. I see a juicy burger in your future!
Guess what? It's Sushi Den time! I'm so gonna stuff that raw fish all up in my eat-hole!
RT : Im sure The dog gets the gravity of the moment. #Oscars #tweetroast though not as much as a heavier dog would.
yes sir!
Happy Friday, Boo!
Just finishd my performance sang nature boy, killing me softly, & you haven't done nothin'
RT : relievers are the worst
haha that's why you gtta a big ass mouth!!!! :D
totally want one.
Who's your favorite Martial Artist past /present? Join us Battle of Atlanta June 17-18 www.battleofatlanta.info Meet the Legen
#Ariadneaufnaxos = the original
They rule :)
yeah cx cause everytime I ask him he says no :p
#adtechSF keynote. Amazon's mantra should be EVERY company's mantra: personalize, innovate. scale (quality first).
just called this kid a goober. LOL .
RT : "...the God of the excluded can only be revealed in the community of the excluded." - Marcella Althaus-Reid
Christian will be there. I have another meeting to go to. I know he will have fun seeing you!
F.A.I.T.H Will get me farther than Money...
Fixing our eyes on Jesus, the author and perfecter of faith, who for the joy set before Him endured the cross, despising the sha
a nigga horny this morning ...dam
KLBB 1400 has them right now RT Wonder which local radio station will get Packers broadcast rights.
There is "train the trainers" and then there is "lead the leaders."
bc yu haven't tlk to me in like 2 fukn weeks how was I suppose to know if yu still wanted to go
Thanks for the RT
Happy b-day Dr. Seuss! What is your fave Dr. Seuss story?
Marty is a former New York City Police Officer who received numerous citations during his ten years with the Police Department.
Ok I am going try to make it to see you hoop
"The Nightmare Dreamer" supposes that there was someone who could lie next to you and dream your nightmares for you.
The Communications Services Tax is definitely undermining infrastructure growth here in FL. Are you looking at removing this?
Had a great show loved my fans!!!!
Ouch? Royals drop 11 in a row? Get it together boys!
thank you.
Boosie gettin out murder bout 2 go up sad
I hope is ok :o
I hate it when I'm sitting here trying to WORK, and people keep asking what I'm doing and what I have to do. You can see I'm busy, jeez.
My home will be filled tonight with sounds from Licensed to Ill and Ill Communication as we reminisce.
A student from the instruction class dropped by the library to get some research help from me. Love when that happens.
As long as our great customers keep stopping by, we'll keep serving the best pizza pie! *hugs*
Ah. Interesting.
Prom soon :/
Cheyenne is now open in both directions.
loved ur performance
Lol I always have time for yall
heck yeah
Wizard of Oz at Pope Joy was awesome. The doge definitely stole the show and got the most applause.
I'm sick of people giving Obama stick for not showing emotion when things go wrong. I like calm competence. We didn't elect a therapist!
i would take either one of those right now. An hour and 15 minutes left
OREGON BANDS AND KIDS! If there were to be a W.O.W. banger what local bands would you want to see on the bill? What bands want in?
Thanks for the mention. We'll consider it.
nice!! i will(:
it was a gift to someone ann then theyy gave him to mee haha he's a good duckk
Forgot how much I LOVE new start ups!!
Late start due to Purdue game...head on over to Britton now!!! Come dance with us!!!
in case I don't think you enough..<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
nice new avi
#Harmonica on stage right now at the Old Towne Pub!!!
Kenny, Is it necessary to jog from the desk to a green screen?
Yeah, I like the night when there's less people still going. It's easier to keep up with it all.
About a dozen Shaker seniors will be on stage today with the president including Andre Roberts, son of PD deputy business editor
Best couple= and
Live in the studio today we have Chris Holmes from WASP!!! A must listen interview and we'll post some vid as well!!!
Britney Spears music will always be played in my car. Loudly.
RT : now back to rehearsals.
sounds awesome. Having a great day here. Awesome photo shoot booked for tonight. Have a great week!
More Brendon & Rachel --- continuation from last night.
i love the donkey reference
I <3 Juan direction!!
It's easier to leave at 5:30 when the CEO does it and tells staff they should too. Most CEOs don't set that expectation.
in july i went to icon for a class and you were there and i was staring at you and then you looked at me and it was awk lol:)
take them. i don't need them :)
very cool!
Are we out of the woods yet New York?
Excited to jump into today. Watch out #devs, a lot of questions coming your way!
so is a bookshelf and a city. MT : an exhibit case or panel is a type of physical visualization of ideas, right?
it's been years since I have been to C-U but I find it hard to believe they'll ever close all the bars.
Or grow hairy palms RT : Don't retweet bait, or you'll go blind.
getting ready for the Raven in SF, CA
youre so cute ilysm good luck
Freaky Girls >>>>
Jello shots up the ass on mothers day
Okay got it.
#iwishicould drink Cuban coffee and eat cake pops all day. Come on by, and we'll make your dreams come true :)
online forums are full of scrubs who spend more time typing and less time doing. i rarely see anything helpful on them.
Heading to vegas to teach a 4day class. I am excited. This will be an awesome class.
Left of Center Concert Series Special Guest: Ken Filiano - Double Bass
Am i the only black person that hates being late?
Nothing says Holiday work lunch like Hooters!
With refs on his side, Bron went into #beastmode. Yikes, series over already?
3 DAYS UNTIL THE MAINE OMG???
Ready to head down south for what should be an interesting weekend.
I am THAT serious about tater tots.
Well you can't go wrong when you start with Springsteen, wrap it up with McCartney, and give Adele a few awards in between.
What To do what to do!
Aiden just got his first movie in the mail for Disney rewards codes. thanks to those who donated them. Still collecting if anyone has codes
Son was stung pretty pretty badly today by a jellyfish. The attention of the beautiful Thai women probably made up for it. ;)
Nice choices! And another fan of island flavor.
First friday! Having fun with and :)
in other news I got a B on my last science quiz so now I just have to do decent on the final
goodnight austin :) <3
Does anyone know how to deactivate an account if they forgot their password & email..?
Hello, friends and acquaintances and completely random followers. Life is crazy. I'll be around again eventually. Maybe. Sort of.
Watching vs Emma Hearst on ICA
walkoff strike out wild pitch perhaps?
I'm insecure, yea I make mistakes & sometimes I feel like i'm at the end of the road.
Just going to be going to the interactive conference to meet with entrepreneurs all week, then staying to party at sxsw music.
Bernanke can do so much.I think we need to just relax and hope for lower gasoline prices
I give respect where respect is due.
creative motivation: Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living and that enables you to laugh at life's realities~Theodore Geisel
Watching The Voice with Viggle Mon | 6PM | NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
impromptu livestream with Harp & Soul!!!! come out to Studio 13 its Free!
I still haven't seen DH Part 2. ::ducks::
Holy layout change, Amazon. Looking good
Celebrate Black History w/ Salim Washington & The Harlem Arts Ensemble this Friday & Saturday 9pm&11pm sets.
I seriously want Cabbie to happen
I Will miss you I am a new York City Conservative Gal that believes in what you are all about Forgetthe others who are indignant.
SHUT UP I TOLD YOU WE'RE TWINS
To be or not to be -- that's the deal!
I see you've been deemed safe enough to allow on the Madison Media list. Congrats.
Got the fight on deck for tomorrow
": I'm such a stalker." Cough
playing dumb fails, but questions are a must! Without clear answers, we have weak strategy.
Brimming with bratwurst, waiting for the Wauwatosa fireworks at Hart Park. 9:15.
yum that all sounds delish! I ran into your mom at whole foods getting ingredients for beef bourguignon to cook with a friend
Frost me like a cake!!
haha this is to silly!!! shitty now though bc man city has a huge advantage now
Wow #MarchMadness every year you do this to me :(
Mine heats up too!! Hot!!!
yup. Got hacked. I've just been deleting those posts. Should I kill my account and start from scratch?
We'd love to hear your ideas. Hit us up at
Well good think I don't have his number otherwise i'd #DrunkDial him all of the fucking time.
Your wines not only make me happy and remind me why I ever got into this awesome industry! Keep up the great work. :)
You think that you know me. Baby you don't know a thing about me.
Bacon has some serious staying power! : #smcpdx "Want more followers? Turn on autofollow, tweet about bacon"
Whenever I feel lost I know I can count on my friends in Gretna to remind me who I am. The people who really know me!
what's wrong with this account if i'm gonna type i can't tweet it !
no plans right now (outside of our kids' mac-n-cheese pizza), but stay tuned!
We're on vacation tonight -- have a wonderful Thanksgiving holiday and enjoy our "best of" show this evening!
I might suggest doing both. At the same time.
Some ppl just go thru life, some ppl go HARD!
Vivat Rex => Long live the king
#WhyDoIHaveTo work today. Why can't I be playing?
u welcome
While not for nursing school, ReadPrint has every major classic literature book you can think of for free :)
Good Night
You're love has always been enough for me <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
She took it to church.
How does my two year old son have more clothes than I do? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
she can type her own name? Wow.
Ok, replace "shoe" with "shotgun"
Dont trash your old computer!
Lot of folks coming to see the added screening of at SVA, tickets still available!!
So excited for the summer...just wish the weather would stay like it is right now!
Beautiful is what today is....enjoy life
ha true. Except the hot dog quality there is probably pretty poor
fat ass
It's a great day for some Red Raider basketball! Join us at the USA for fun , fellowship and to cheer on our team!
Wait wait wait. I thought #teamHovde was #ready to get the #endorsement at the
Nice to meet you Vienna!
#CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys! Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th & Im in the 11th grade. R there any M&GS for the Milwaukee show? 14
I love
Toney Douglas is a F'N Mason tonight.
RT : Check the snazzy new homepage for 's Africa Rural Connect! <3 how it highlights project we've catalyzed...
some guy just told me "i like it up the butt" randomly
me me me!
Happy Times. :)
Does this also apply to theses? ;)
Leaving the camping place right now.
thanks! Haven't tried Rimel's but I did hit up Sbicca one day for a biz lunch.
Chicago author,date is really kicking my ass on this article. But if I throw CMoS at a wall I'm probably going to lose my deposit.
#same “: omg i am so rolling tivo on the nbc show w/ betty white right now... first tho ;)”
WOW absolutely amazing...you have my vote!!!
Kovie sticks it on.
Wondering what in the world i'm going to do with my ColdFusion 8 W.A.C.K books now that i'm switching to using PHP
we are in section 138 rows T and U seats ~ 28. Plenty of seats around us. :)
": ...until Batman shows up. :)"//connecting tweets make it hard for me to cleverly retort. :-)
Did you decide a name yet?!?!?
For the last days of my initial entry training, you will see posts of the creed I live by as an American Soldier.
Well come here and let me use you then!! lol
Brilliant! "Imported from Detroit" gave us chills! Clint Eastwood perfect!
Thanks Walter for recommending us!! We cant wait to feed your friends some great breakfast!
I should go to the casino with the amount of bird shit that's on my car after this workday.
Got a check hoe. Give me that shit u workin off my pay roll
Starbucks Blonde = Epic Fail?
Just left the PI. We ended up going w/ TurtleBayDivers for adv cert. Really liked TBD but conditions were awful this week!
for every 100 pages of notes I memorize, I am allowing myself one scratch off lottery ticket...
I accepted a position at in Calif. Change is tough, & I'll miss NASA HQ, but I'm excited to be part of the Ames team!
Guys, if it is germane...Navajo CPG voted 13-0 against a project. Plan. Comm. ignored the NCPI vote and approved...
To provide us with the illusion of hope.
you better stop... My head just got a little bit bigger, I felt it!
Don't forget 2 vote today believe it or not yours counts!
You'll have a great time I think.
Peyton...I am actually worried about IND this year. I know KC has a good def, but still!
I just heard #GladYouCame in the supermarket! Then a few minutes later I hear a guy whistling it, I'm loving this <3
ahh, so change autoconfirmation settings, so they cant create page right away. gotcha. good idea! thanks so much. anything else?
How on earth does this happen- 3 panels I want to go to at 1:45. Do I just run back and forth?
Thanks! I gotta win! :D
On tapped, Cuvee Des Jacobins Rouge (replaces Chuckanut Brewing Kolsh Ale) yes on growler & $3 pints
so can infidelity ..;)
It's 9:44pm. Has Social Media become work or play for you at this point?
#np I'm so happy to hear this station, I had been listening to classical music on the radio, which was ok, but I missed words..
Only 65 days until 2012 Convention in Boston! Are you registered yet? Early bird rates until January 19.
You're welcome and ((hugs)) to you. I've been there. Ask any questions you have.
be my valentine?(:
you don't...you pick and choose what games to watch or just watch parts of every game
Any good quite lounge in NY? Soft music, warm atmosphere? I just want to go somewhere I can sit comfortably read a book and drink coffee.
#MrAttitude still mad? And it's starting to piss me TF off! Let me calm down before my blood pressure go up!
Im so tired I should have went to bed earlier
Why Robert, I don't think you should start anything you can't finish hun. ;)
i hate this class
#Blastoffnetwork just added Crowne Plaza, Staybridge Suites, and Candlewood Suites to the mall. All with up to 2% cash back.
typing on the bus produces typos -- sorry...
Rolling my foot on a trigger point ball under my desk... The
its a real shame though. id really like to see you all someday. one of your biggest fans in america right here haha
the young j5 michael had so much soul man
We look for something and ask everyone around to help only to find that it was in your hand the whole time.
I'm up to 208, and I have Ray Rice, Arian Foster, and Ravens D (against rookie QB) tomorrow.
I would really like a project to go from start to finish without even a hiccup let alone multiple vurps.
Lead the charge! : Has anyone started a petition to to dump Limbaugh completely?
Bored out of my mind. If you have my number, text me. :)
now kids will think... when i make ima fuck your bitch and pay for it. ctfu. you can thank todays music.
being blind causes me to rely on some people more than i would like to but got to keep the faith, didnt achieve somethings i wanted this ...
Great time in Paris with the trio. Thanks for everyone who made it. Tomorrow - Jazz Club Tonne in Dresden. See you there!
lmao! :) it would be. Horror show alright!
Man for All Seasons. Best...Movie...Ever!
Just dropped the price on one of my listings, 6409 Sunny Day NW to $235,000.
Counting my blessings tonight..and there are several.
hey!:D
-___- why my twitter not letting me follow back my followers? -_- huh???
Free bands!!!
and as for the uh televisions so called plan batman has no jurisdiction he'll find Jim and make him squeal.
Alera Continental Series Square Back Stacking Chairs
My daughter love this song
I'm only a speaker for them tomorrow so don't know about this. I don't endorse any one system, I'm agnostic! :)
Des Moines recommendations?
he's more sh_t than bull.
I love Ellen! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
At 'Archiving Civil Rights' session. James Forman FBI files = 8 boxes
RT : <U+0093>We choose what attitudes we have right now. And it's a continuing choice.<U+0094> - John Maxwell
Get Well Soon....Hope You Feel Better....I know exactly what your going thru...do what the doc says and you'll b cool
what are you on this offseason lol, your tweets are hard to follow yet very amusing..!!
shut up!!
2 more hours before #KAPPARELAYS kickoff!! You have to be there to believe it.
every1 love you. You are fierce
is there someone that i could talk to?
Still can't believe was in my mentions twice today!
Back in Boston!
Someone come pick me up ! <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0099>
Touch decision, I dunno ?
For sure! Born and raised.
Now game is in limbo fish can't think this is a peaceful fun game. Hostility as thick as a snicker. Both guys who got $1050 each n that game
lol nicee.Hows your morning been so far?Lol.You wake up kinda late :p
Wow, my mom's reaction was way more chill. She will come around.
I have the best friends... Love you all so much I could just punch you in the face! #bestfriend <3
If I have to choose between teaching and writing...
what do you like to do. I would highly suggest Los Feliz.... You could do the Westside, but you might kill someone..
Potential plans for 2013 include extending Data Curation Fellows prog to humanities positions!
I don't eat pork, but I am very open to foie gras and jelly donuts. Umamicatessen, yo.
I am so glad you're on #teamadam!!!!! You're amazing!
Thanks for watching! xo
network partying!
what about at 7pm tonight? I won't be here but the chief will be
When I Play Future Or Webbie In The Car I Tend To Drive Faster
My blood isn't the best at clotting.... :-/
I followed you, follow back for daily updates about Gaga!
hahaha I'm working the morning shift so I'll be done by the time they're too drunk.
Why don't you believe in me? I believe in YOU!
Lmao...sounds good homie. I'm cool, girl got me doing the Insanity Workout...I haven't worked out in 12yrs...FML I'm hurting! Haha
I got to see and listen to her crash live yesterday :)
lmaoo why is this still happening on my TL
Just because you come from or are raised in the hood doesnt mean you have to act as such, theres a thin line between pride and stupidity
Can someone tell me what happens at the end of dear john I really hate love movies and this shit is killing me
"creative communities are collective endeavors that thrive in a landscape…" like #openfield a town square for art
you know its funny lol
amen to that!
New projects n the makn ...Cash Brick ...BHP ...Yatta Imean ...new mixtapes Hot new single by Rio Sims * A Life Time..stay tuned..GF
I was just thinking does have a green drink? Does anyone know if they do?
The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend.
I just want you to know I exist.
Let them know who is boss!
I just want to snuggle all day.
do you not like clowns or something?
metta world peace
When I think "feel-good movie," I think Hotel Rwanda.
#HB56 could result in an $11B loss for AL - Marielena Hincapie #womentogether ... these laws could affect everyone including business ppl
Belieber here = You have no idea how much I love my baby, Please follow me is a dream realized or answer this message!! Love u
“: I *knew* I felt a disturbance around 10 RT : Final power down of Endeavour occurred at 9:58 a.m.”rt
Please Please Follow?!? :D #RNGeezie right here! :) I totally support
Patio/deck roof >$15,000! SunAir retractable awning from Home Source about $3500! See Ron at the store today! 10-5
Haha ya boys done before halftime
I'm not against renting. I'm against lining the wallets of bank executives and funding congressional junkets with my cash.
Why the hell is the air conditioning off, evidently I need a bike ride.
Flea and I both thank you.
I really am my.own friend
pour some water :)
Rachel Scarpati of Harry Fox at #NARM2012 said: Technology moves faster than the law and that is the problem with setting rates re: lockers.
Inspiring. D3 Legal seeks junior corp./trans. paralegal cand. for entry level opp. w/ highly respected intl. firm in LA. Career growth opp.…
Amazing night <333
thanks for the s/o and everybody follow #NOW !!!!!!
Woman sues "Drive" producers. Not enough action, compared with trailer. Trailers misleading? Who knew?
ier Men on the other hand routinely have Bitchectomys , by their divorce attorneys
indeed, Peter. indeed
Happy Birthday :D
thats y u had to leave so early!
Oh the things that go on in section 137...
Hugs back to you! Hope your weekend is fun and happy. ;-)
Thanks Ryan!!!
#18yearoldprobelms When she tells you her hosting job is cutting into her drinking time...
we should get together sometime. It would be great to catch up.
There are times when peeps get word vomit
plz follow me
Out of class early
county homes fro sale. There is a reason the real estate industry has been around for centuries: it performs a valuable service.
Up early, but I don't have class until 11 :/
I have to say I'm a big Kahne fan too!
That foul might just lead to OT.
Ha! Fresh air! full of that. Hadn't dived into The Twitter for a few days actually. What did I miss? ;-)
Many thanks to our guests for attending the last two wine sampling events! Also a big thanks to our event partner, ! Cheers!
LA Kings sweep St. Louis, advance to West finals
RIP adam yauch of beastie boys.
Oh how I wish I could..
I love all of you guys<3
"any innovation in technology modifies our relation to ourselves and to our bodies” -Marshall Mcluhan
OKay..this is not going to work. I'm already falling asleep. I don't think i'll make tonight.
Thanks for a freakin fantastic show!!!
he's gonna pull off the biggest upset since he knocked out liddell
"And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose." Rom 8:28 NIV
Taking my wife to the ballet on Friday night. Should I wear my Tapout t-shirt?
easy post a picture of Lou Pump Williams
Both of those!
Do you accept Denti-cal or Healthy Families dental plans?
would have to be a 24-70mm f2.8L I'm thinking ;)
Ok, so Apple released some new products today...does anyone really think it will have a huge effect? Still no tablet!
Who wants to push us over the 100 followers mark today?
Wonderful! Where are you going?
#GetAnXbox so it can break... Again.. Then #GetAnXbox... Again......
could it be any more beautiful in Miami than it is today? wow, 14 years I have lived here and I love it just like the first day I arrived.
LIVE TWEETING today from Golden Hall, 12-3p. Hundreds of kids, families expected for Christmas Magic party. Toys. Food. We still need toys!
Bulletproof with Damon Wayans and Adam Sandler was the #1 movie this day in 1996.
Noticed that emoji doesn't have any people of a ethnicity that's not white?
The score of today's most important game: 60-39 D's. Everyone wins!
Stuck in traffic
hahahahahaahahahahaham you're gay.
Wow Mom Wow -.-
A month ago, I called The Hunger Games "another Twilight" and thought it was worthless. Last night I saw the movie for the 3rd time.
spoby is back!!!! Tonight episode incredible! :)
Welcome! Thanks for help keeping business local here in Madison.
Classy damn it feels good
sometimes people need to mind their own buissness. for real!
Why am I crying. -_- im starting to piss myself off.
Social Media Douchebaggery...FTW!
Love it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
The fever point is 104.5 for real problems
Time to go workout
This is hacking
Agreed. However, I think some people are so delusional they really believe their prayer is better than help. Wait, no, I don't.
For sure. Unless it's BYOB.
Mikeaaa Having Ah GIRL :) She Gone Be Spoiled!!
In EAD fog.
I like to follow up a random discussion about landline phones with the hypothetical doomsday question of "which direction would you head?"
lets take it down a notcch pal
subway hit the spot
Who will save you when there is no one else around and you can't turn to me? ~ 3 doors down :D
What is up w/ Cameron Diaz's hair?
According to polls, more Americans (both male and females) lose their virginity in June than any other month.”
Following the SLEDcc conference
Hey! What's the song espn is always playing during draft coverage? With the girl singer?
#STOPKONY make invisible children visible again. Together we can make a stand! #STOPKONY2012!!!
Why?!? Lexie you be on my search list!.
Omg! My heart just stopped!
At Rupp after back-to-back games, Washington Wizards would win over Kentucky Wildcats 70.2% of the time and by an average score of 85-73.
Do you believe him?
*waves to new followers* Anything you wish to see or hear from us? Comments? Concerns? Haikus?
Joe Parrish: "my greatest life dream is to pilot an aircraft across the surface of Mars." Describes Mars airplane, Titan balloon
You rock Simone!! Lets do lunch soon!!
first one since Dirty Blonde, and this season you have TWO with & ! Congrats!
Great workout with the team this morning! The guys are really competing. Spring ball in 27 days.
if I had a vintage vespa, would it be possible to put spinning rims on it?
Deserves nothing less! :) Now to Top 10 status! RT : Holy Smokes!! Nothing Stays In Vegas is in the too 100 for...
I am ready to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter.
Sarah Palin is so mad at Steve Jobs right now.
Just stay focused and take as many classes as you can. Goodluck!
Yearly vacation; thank God for hot tubs.
Thanks for following ! We're excited to share updates and stories with you!
...is this a ukelele that you took with you or one that you acquired in hawaii?
Hi Jean, thanks for the RT! I am glad you liked the post. And congratulations on nearing the end of your online MBA. :)
why not?
Just great; my boyfriend has chicken pocks and now i might have them. And to top it off, he cant come to our date on Saturday.
Just got invited to the #Bears game @ Lambeau on Sept 13!!!! #beardown bitches!!!!!!
Never interrupt your enemy while they are making a mistake.
What are some ways you get yourself to exercise, even when you're not motivated?
I'm sure won't happen been tryin all day @
I'm sorry I don't think I liked that melody for them it really didn't fit. But whatever still good singing and good singers
Good night guys ima sleep now so night-night ^^
Ignorance and vulgarity are subjective terms
I am loving the sone Somebody That I Used to Know by #Gotye right now.
First day of semester. :)
I was bouncing off the walls. Don't think the downstairs neighbors appreciated it. Best of three now!
Nations watch after Syria accepts plan
tell your momma I said Happy Mothers Day & I miss her! <3
New single "Old School" from coming out Nov. 1st! Is everyone ready to call your local radio stations and request it?
#Brewers have won 4-of-5 and #Yo was money today. K-Rod and rocked the 8th and 9th!!
GREAT!!!! please follow me
This is terrible... I have 6k+ unread email. Ugh.
One more hour til I'm outta florida...:(.
We all know I love tattoos but women with tattoos on the side of their necks bother me
#GymPetPeeves Anyone who comes near my personal space!
It's okay. I know its like 5:16 in L.A. But I have to go to school. Just try to tweet me when you can, it sends 2 my phone :)
“: If Tony Parker picked Alaska, it wouldn't shock me. No idea where the big fella is going.”when might he announce?
#ThoughtsWhileRunning i hope i don't get hit
Congrats bubba!!!!! Me and dad are proud of you!
IdeaVIM is just about the coolest thing since sliced bread. A little quirky, but if you love vim and want it in IntelliJ...
God bless the victims and familes in the Tucson shooting today
Thanks for the follow Happy Monday!
never cut rhubarb in BED
Dm your number
Your welcome!
Thanks! I'll post some today.
His lips, his smile, Just him everything about him.<3
Yes, I like these ideas.
Everyone say happy band mom day to Zach!
New Twitter background! I am more excited about this than I probably should be.
ok good night. Thx
Yes! What are you up to now?
We wanna party in your city.
Having a rough morning? Place your hand over your heart. Feel that? That's called purpose. You're alive for a reason. DOn't give up.
Do you have a website?
enjoy your rest and relaxation. Have fun!
RIP Jobs...
New York City back to acting like it's winter. Duuuuuummmmmbbb!
Yikes! You really are hard to keep up with!
user reactions BNF web archives: impossible to copy files, can't access flash sites
This mom who took her 5yearold tanning looks like her FT job is tanning.
"I may be lazy, a loner, a bit of a stoner, it's true... but I might be perfect- I'll make myself perfect- perfect for you"
Hey is my mom wit yurh mom
Who is going to be at the #foodcourt tonight other than ?
how about them vikes this year
Im so tired!
ahahaha oh Katie....
Well, he was offering it to me for free and as an Asian, I can't pass up a deal that good.
Happy FATHERS day to all you MOTHERS;))!!
You are awesome! I totally forgot about that picture.
Are you ready to loose 10lbs just in time for summer? Start with Boot Camp today at 12:15pm only at Titans Gym in Cleveland...
What was your favorite part of the King Tut exhibit?
To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did.
I've never used Pinterest, but I'm receiving Pinterest Spam (having starting to create an account)
I was just saying that to last night. Welp, I think we've got our 1st movie club night booked! cc:
Now i cant sleep and i'm all paranoid../;
WARNING: Persons denying the existence of Robots may be Robots themselves.
the Lakers nor Thunder. I'm not worried about either
LOLOLOL "nuggets" im special (x
Please follow me!!<3 Please!!:)
"In a perfect world, every dog would have a home and every home would have a dog."
My dog just audibly farted, then when the scent his nose, looked around in a confused stupor.
Oh, have fun at camp! We'll miss you on Twitter & FB. =)
I LOVE YOU ALL SO MUCH <3 <3 <3
Baseball boys smell bad.. But damn are they attractive<33
Covertly RTing myself. MT #FF Northwestern student literary magazines and journals: , , &
Cummings @ DOE loan guarantee hearing: "we need to remember that these companies are creating the energy technologies of the future."
okay, awesome!
Come on, you know this one... RT “: How do you turn fruit into dessert?”
My weed guy is so happy I got a job and don't have to worry about taking a drug test anymore.
Anyone Who Has Nevar Made A Mistake Has Nevar Tried Anything New...
Reading Sarah Shun-lien Bynum's MS. HEMPEL CHRONICLES - what a pleasure.
For every person who says they don't hang around the negative people...I have news for you. You are being negative.
#Baylor over !? No. Freakin'. Way. Put 'em away #Duke, and let's see & #VCU do their thing!!!
that band is terrible
Thanks! Here I was trying to fly under the radar.
Thanks for checking out unglue.it Sorry that it is currently slow. We're figuring out why that is.
“: It's National Sibling Day. Who ever created it didn't grow up with crazy siblings!” love my siblings (all 6 of the crazies)
Proud to join on #HR3826 which will keep student loan rates from doubling come July 1.
Need a job? BookHolders has a flyering opportunity for all USF students. Stop by on April 22nd to sign up!
Happy Father's Day! We love those dads!!
“: lol ILR you should have a talk with the Raine..... Ok I'll do the RAINE dance!!!
how so? I would live to get back to edu marketing. When can we chat?
he ain't going anywhere ...and you are an idiot. When will cleve fans realize they are part of the problem ?
I read it before you lost it and it was magnificent!!! :-)
hey u! What's happening
Just took a little jaunt around Midtown, practicing Pimsleur Korean. Anyong!
Thanks for the support! :)
My computer only seems to restart itself or crash when I'm actually doing something productive. It must be getting cranky.
If there was ever proof that I'm not the person I used to be. Tonight is the night. Shoot me. :-p
haha i completely I forgot about that.
I just realized though, most of TJS is now in Boom Boom Crash so maybe I should change this &make it a BBC ST & make another HBTS one.. haha
Primanti's in Oakland is typically on point
I love that Jeremy Lin is doing what he's doing, but shouldn't we wait until he does it consistently over time to call him a superstar?
New on the EAT menu {Slagel Family Farm Lamb Sausage, Chickpea Panisse, Spicy Onions & Peppers, Black Garlic Aioli, Frothed Yogurt}
We trippy mane
You missed a line
I'm okay, just a little sick wbu?
I played the first mission. It is well done. A lot of fun. Unfortunately, there was a bug at the time...
Thanks for the #ffs!
Just trekked up the mountains in a snowmobile with the Canyons Resort food transport crew. The dark ride down awaits...
can I get a follow back? :/
Hey guys its 808pride me and a another member went to a plain white t's concert and made LOTS of videos tweet us:)
Love you too Sis!
Leadership Lessons frm Real Execs: Having to be accountable to someone kept me on target with my change goals.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool man i should skip the next class n light up....lol smh i was bad as hell
8 or 16, preferably 16. Preferably not the one that was $40 on Best Buy's site
do you need a ? Haha
Tomorrow night 4-6PM Opening reception for "The First Supper" featuring students Michelle Gomez '12 and Jonathan Wille '12
Getting quarter inch sized hail in Schaumburg IL. Finally got real Spring!
Gates Sauce To A Boss Vol. 1>>>>> Vol. 2
Goin to bed good night rushers much love
Got most of the kitchen unpacked! Can't wait to really try it out. Scones, cookies, cake?
weather is nuts in New York City too. At this point I wouldnt be surprised of it snowed in August & Zombies rose from the subway!
Four times. Two hours. Jesus.
Finally the have come back to Boston! 88-84. Kg with put back.
which one?? I like the richbaba and the palamara.
100% of Americans are asleep when they Are sleeping
Have you seen T-PEN's new logo? As long as I can put bunny ears on the T-REX for Easter, I'm on board!
Merry Christmas to all!! We hope your holiday is scrappleicious!!! *<||;-)
why not?
Headed to Busch Gardens. Love the mini vacation.
10 days left of school (:
Excited that we are moving forward with the series!
back off.. I'll get it back geez <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
"Don't follow the crowd: Follow your Dream!" - Tony Dungy speaker at Kaplan Graduation.
Thanks so much for coming out today!
That's a tough one.
To the naked/dilated eye, yes.
FIT2GO MENU OF THE WEEK – Finish your week off with vegetable gratin, lime chicken, sweet potato puree and chocolate cake. Click the link...
Write a song @ 7am. Record it by 1pm. Mix & mastetr it by 6pm. Global email by 7:30pm. On radio & in clubs by 10pm.
A dream without a goal is just a wish. Bill Cole. Write down goals. Use a pencil. Physically crossing out accomplishments is a great reward
need an older gentleman this saturday for shots in the new campaign ...
that's sick!!! Maddie said y'all are hangin out tomorrow she said she will get it from you! Thanks alot man
Major Upgrade: Cleveland Browns expecting to make &quot;big jump&quot; next season after strong draft
and you are mine <3
did someone hit a power transformer?
it was AMAZING thank you for having him their he lighten up my day (:
What the world needs now is more peanut butter.
In awe of my beautiful H2$ cast. Congrats you guys, you've put on an incredible show. I love you all so much. :] <3
It premieres tonight so we're about to see!
haha but aren't their branches all the way to the top??....unless you climb the tree.....do you?
Good ol' Senior Ditch Day today! I remember going to school for some much needed extra credit points.
hello my name is sebastian hastings #shestheman laughing so hard<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
": #iwannagiveashoutoutto Ed Hardy, for making "find the douchebag" the easiest game ever."
If you buy organic potting soil, avoid Miracle-Gro organic potting soil, which is owned by Scotts.
Best project name I've come up with to date.
Cain couldn't even spit out his usual line of Koch yesterday. Guess it's tough to dumb down foreign policy to 3 digits.
Seeing in public.... Such a huge step in our friendship <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+0091><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+0093>
IHOP with my cousins . . .i think yes . lol bunch of hoodrats
Finally home with Megan after a long but good day at work. This weather is beautiful! C:
What is my greatest strength..? I guess I would have to say it's my intention to detail. /via
starts in LA on Oct 30-Dec 10. I will never forgive us if we don't go!!
ANTM just did some BS! -__-
Thank you for the follow. I am now following you in return. :-) Matt_Kurzweil, SophianTheGreat, AngryBirdsMac, anthonylasvegas, SheilaPharao
You can't win a playoff hockey game just playing first 12 mins. #Flyers will be fine.
no pre-pay but you could call and ask them to reserve some for you. talk to the Meat Team directly!
Saw a cute girl at The Midnight Show. I'm thinking I should have taken a page out of 's playbook and left her a post-it note.
Robusta coffees, traded in London at much lower prices than New York's arabica, are chosen by big industrial businesses.
RT : The best revenge is happiness, because nothing drives people more crazy then seeing someone actually having a good life
Get to know Michael and me more personally and get more replies from us on our individual accounts and :)
With the sisters & my bffl (:
4 hours before Loyola Greyhounds face OSU. What is a Buckeye? A tree. Dogs like trees.
Forgot about #Mifflin today and couldn't get home... blocked by cops on horses, barricades and general mayhem. Just another day in
Harden said payback bitch
Saw it on a website promoting a car show. There's like 100 of these kids staring at this chick while she dances. Corpus Christi.
I spent last night listening to really great improvisers. Today it is middle school concert bands.
#ConfessionHour I am a nose picker.
Thanks for having me again at Path Cafe tonight!
join up, join us, LIKE! (you know what I'm saying)
Fuck it. I'm a lesbian.
For a second I thought the network was down, but I looked + saw: we're still here #SXSWedu physical didn't fail
Make it the best 4/20 and stop by Mr.Bill's today!!! We have all your 4/20 accessories including discounts!!!
I watched the cards beat the rays tonight......rasmus with a "colby jack":
“Not everything that is faced can be changed. But nothing can be changed until it is faced.” -James Baldwin
theater arts students are honored
People say you are given the gift of life.... What if we want to return it..?
Just bought the whole one direction album, LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!! :D <3
what it doo boo
A great tip! I use 1Password but neglected to record this one. Fortunately I guessed it. :)
Alert the media RT Just to let everyone know... it's ALT+0231 for ç
Congratulations on the opening of the new Mad Mex Shadyside! We love hearing of your success!
Thanks for adding me!
A tragedy of #sexualassault is that the person afraid of the truth being known is more often the victim than the offender.
At the Art Museum waiting for the Mayor Nutter and Jay-Z's announcement.
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice shame on fool me three times?!?!? Fuck that learned the first two times
"I don't like people who are into stuff" J. Simmons 11/20/09
Thank you for the follow! :)
it just depends. Normally Angel Nails, but this past time I got them done in the mall and they did a really good job.
Time to review your call charges on your business telecoms? Give us a call: 0844 880 2010. You will be pleasantly surprised!
Headed to for a cake competition (serving, not baking)
Existing copyrights in nano-pub and transmedia environments brought by digital revolution created opportunities & challenges
: Why is J street going to be closed this weekend (or at least so busy that the blinky sign says there will be delays)?
I try to quit drinking every other day.
Ugh.. iHate when iSee a loose dog whenever iHAVE TO go that direction! #GrindsMyGears ™
Off the top of my head, I really like Lagavulin (usually 16-year-old) or Laphroaig (18-year-old), but....+
Shouts out 2 da busy homie out busy doing something right now I bet!?
on a scale of 1 to 10 how much do you think you fans support you... & will you follow me #askryan !
USC's Spring Break starts today!!!!! I'm so excited to go on tour to Chicago with
I is sleepy!
Mckenzie Comer loves Cody & misses him dearly, that's my theory.
you whut you cost for a verse G?
are you exhausted????
Jesus I got 10 hour rehearsals...schweet.
“: It doesn't feel like winter here in Minneapolis. So good, but so strange.” totally agree but loving it!
hey Curtis, did you receive my updated email?!
LA LA LA WHATEVER!
I just finished watching last weeks "Walking Dead". Ho...ly... crap.
I hope my parents will let me go to NYC to see Austin! <U+E41D>
Fucking stupid. People y u ruin everything good in life?
in the other #chulavista council race, Linda Wagner also registered in CV just in time to file to run for office. Not newsworthy?
good morning :)
I went coning today! Was soo much fun!
your cousin knows what he's talking about! :)
I'm not enjoying the episode anymore.. why??...
let's see some tweets! Whatcha workin on?
<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>Happy mothers day to all the beautiful strong women out there!! <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
ron artest always wanna fight lol
Anybody else's iPhone just completely malfunction like mine last night? <U+E416> I thought it was gone forever...
R.I.P Leon "Toon" Poe.. Just got word his parents pulled the plug
Does our welfare system maintain people in states of dependency?
You should head over to Art of Beer on the 23rd and perhaps meet Brian of in person.
My sister Susan is the best person living, love you siste
I guess that's where my mortgage goes now...
#MittRomney whichever way the wind blows, so goes Mitt - how can anybody trust him? Self interest is his core.
I just got done packing my stuff and I am moving in with My dad in Texas:)
I could survive off of reeses
pavilion is open! Come visit us D48
It's 11:11 make a wish :)
that's whats up my dude...
u should cop #Remember by you'd probably dig it
#F1 Debrief on !
There Comes A Time When Youu Have To Choose Between Turning The Page And Closing The Book<U+2665>[;
Can't wait for new Maisie Dobbs book in 3/12. Will feature Maisie's personal life! Elegy for Eddie by J. Winspear
when i was born.. i cant believe i didnt talk for a year and a half!!!
Ready to spend #Friday evening with my babes!
I predict James Anderson won't be with next year. He's not that good.
shu know it i read ppls minds when I'm on lunch #SpecialEatingPowers buahaha
Oh ok but still lost lol
Chef geoffs next wednesday with reply to confirm
good morning Frankie! Hope u have a great day today! Xo
I can do many things right but apparently toasting bread is not one of them.
"Anyone who has the power to make you believe absurdities has the power to make you commit injustices," said Voltaire. "No homo," he added.
Final hours of our New Style Advisor Kit Sale! Call (888) 502-3336 or write for more info!
I know you have your problems. I do care. I am here 4 you all the time. Youre never here for me. Im not grasping the fact that Im the bitch?
hey! im trying... twitter is different from facebook, i'm still learning how to use this thang. o_0
You know it.
Bearcats play at Paris JC tomorrow. Doubleheader starting at 12pm
I just lost another clipper card. I think I am on my third. Unfortunately, my Translink card stopped working or I could use that.
I had no idea that Cory cheated on Topanga. My image of him is tarnished ;___;
The big red bow Lexus commercials are making me stabby. Seriously, who gives a Lexus for Xmas?
I don't know if you know this..but i have like...no mentions....um..i feel lonely...
I'll be at MES next week. Looking forward to it!
download emoji emoticons and you will find some!
I am teaching that seminar. Sadly, though, your link is broken. Does it work for you? Can u send me the title of the work u found?
Soliciting recommendatioins for good place to go for Christmas (alone). Driving distance of DC preferred. Any ideas?
oh yes, Ireland is also willing to stake his career on it
I wish someone would have told me this has rum in it. #tipsy atwork
i have a boston accent. But those are just so awkward and unnatractive. Omg
well we did see some guy holding his bumper on w/bailing wire the other day...
“: #Gemini Keywords: Attractive and Popular”- Of Course I Am :{D
goo.gl/aNC5W Pleasure P – Who I Gotta Be - Send to friend
Hope is a waking dream.
we're def cousin I do the same haha
seriously lasttime I was here it took 2hours & my hairs longer & thicker so its deff gunna take 3, we
Unexpected lunchtime jazz concert in the employee cafe. Yes.
Smart girls rock!
TandISummit is excited to announce that will be joining us as a Keynote Speaker!
We promote the visual individual-Adamouski Institution
Hey #Santorum, eat shit... Or at least a frothy mix of shit and anal lube.
Last night of Live @ the Lakefront Hear reggae band Irie Sol from 5:30-9pm.
So when's our EP dropping out?
Yep, there definitely should have been a shower in between working out and this date.
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.
Never too young to love music! RT : Took our two month old son to his first live music night, at , he loved it.
I LOVE AUSTIN MAHONE! <3 IF U DON'T RETWEET THIS YOU'RE NOT A MAHOMIE! ;^)
Everyone check out timeline and read his last two RT'
hopefully going to see #ShadowsFall this week!
7th Avenue & Broadway, low 50's, upper 40's there are many shops - though I'm not sure if you will find cool.
hm....wich one of my bros is nicer??????
Agreed! RT Why am I not in Arizona, sipping a lemonade and watching the #Rockies workouts?
who, so jealous of that...I got stupid work tomorrow...so MVC3 is cool, but a brew is out of the equation.
thanks love! I have to see you soon! :)
True love is when you are far away from each other and no one can take your place.
my sexy baby! <U+2665> U
am at Bristol and so far weather is good !!!!!
Think the Repubs are willing to do anything that might reduce unemployment or improve the economy before next year’s presidential election?
Jacqueline Scott&#39;s Blog » Blog Archive » Horse Website design ...
Anybody else just get really uncomfortable watching ?
Your just a dick. That's all you need to know.
high-class problems, girl. I'll toast in yr honor tonight.
Sandra, please contact me at regarding a KWFA Freeling Friday contest ~Thanks! Heather
LOVE that had to announce museum overcrowding via twitter tonight, I wish that "problem" for all museums!! Cheers to crowds!
Sometimes you just need the kids to see the variety out there.
omg how you been sorry did not know you were on :)
someone better open up a window...
my 4th time hearing What Makes Youu Beautiful ^.^ <U+2661>
well i hate a life is the problem! so idk if i can get another ill check it out!
I really really must love my girl...
On the way to the Hill to defend TE funding for preservation....
yea I know I'm just letting you know that I'm here for you no matter what ok buddy
listening to my brand new album i just bought #REWIND :D
Duffield Council Estate is plagued by a villain. Hetty tries to break the wall of silence. #HettyWainthroppInvestigates on MPTV 36 at 9PM.
isnt it weird when people tell you how much you grown.?
i don't remember that but ok omg
": “: We love you !” I love you too Pastor! Thank you for being an awesome leader!!"
Party time with Cody lol Katelyn is coming with. Hopefully spending the night with her :)
I guess I'll go to bed now bc that nigga gonna be at my door bright and early ugh
Had a wonderful breakfast with my dear friend Perfect way I start my day!
If you living wrong, money can never correct it no matter how much you have.....
Getting a PhD is generally not a goal unto itself. (Not that it can't be mind you.) Just curious about the meta-goal.
I forgot to mention my son now trains with me.
You have a turtle? I'm jelly.
can we get an interview not talking about Steven Tyler's drug use? he's sober, drop it.
just another reason to hate that ass clown
Celtics wrap this up in 6. Game 5's loss only prolonged the inevitable.
we r gonna sing it tommorow in the morning ;)
That is totally what I thought!
An "antihero" typically does not embody the ideals of a Greek protagonist and is someone who lacks identity and determination.
Thanks for following...... ;)
whos at your house
know what you mean, our barn cats are often more popular with our visitors than our interpretive activities.
Just Had The Greatest Steak Ever.
tuning into Jay Leno tonight show with such a gifted voice. singing open arms
Movie recommendation is "A Christmas Story"
wait, to your iPod?
you don't even have any idea how much you mean to me. you know i like you. you don't know how much i love you.
All ASA students in Buenos Aires are safe after the train crash yesterday. Thoughts are w/ victims & families impacted by the accident.
Wake. Bake. Skate
Your Voice Was The Soundtrack Of My Summer... Thunder <3
so freakin bored nd i hope eli nd clare will b bak 2gether it is so hella not fair :/ itz a sad part in degrassi
By a show of "LIKES"… who's been snooping for gifts?
Q: Why is sex like a bridge game? A: You don't need a partner if you have a good hand.
Can Bob McAdoo still play?
your artistic soul needs nourishing each and EVERY day. There are no diets needed!
Lol Breaking Down Everything Ok I Got You
Kristen Stewart Admits: I Get Lonely &amp; Have No Friends
Also Channel and the as well. You can email me at
At STARS Leadership Corp annual celebration (conference). Lots of great people to talk to
MGK arrested for disorderly conduct. Just because you signed with bad boy records doesn't actually make you one.
the blue button does really rock
Is there some magical place where #medlibs put their survey instruments?
Reunited with at last <3
The shear amount of fouls called in this game is ridiculous.
Reading about a really neat study from the 70s. Research was more fun when you didn't have to obtain consent.
grateful for friends, birthday bourbon, and birthday poutine.
Bitches Having Eargasims &The Pleasure Is Us Lol Son Went Hard -TY Thee Human
I'll have another!
wow...that's exactly what happens to me. Get up at 3am...get sleepy at 5. But I can't sleep as much as I want on the 2nd stretch
RT : The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it. Johann W V Goethe
Achieved bounce house!
Anyone have a 9V? Battery died during last live shot.
Re-watching UK Our execution in the first half was pretty special.
Now I'm (re)listening to Dan Dickerson's call at the end of the game. Which was great, because Jim Price wasn't there to interrupt him.
Stop wasting your time Shannon, you are looking at the facts, Tebow hasn't given us a reason to believe he can be an NFL QB
The Guthrie Campaign is honored to announce Appeals Ct ruled #SheriffGarcia wrongfully withheld documents & Judge Baker ruled Guthrie!”””
Just placed an order with Summer at the Shabbycat Homebrewery & Urban Campground!
New book? Exciting! Finally settled: new city, new job, new home, new car. <takes breath> It's been great though :)
and that's when i knew i was dead
yeah!!! Any time. I play drums and love ur music. :-)
a Sunday. I actually found one! Yay!
you are commited to satisfying & serving others you become the best in your field. I strive for the best petinaed leather
new drops at 3... u ready 4 it??
MAN FUCK THAT SHIT. I love that song. Pay phone.
Last all-nighter in a while hopefully
Good Morning...
that was our friend Carol Costello. -- (necklace was gorgeous, right?!)
OED Word of the Day: green weenie. Really?
I really don't get y people try to make a fake facebook of a famous person poser
Responded to FIRE @ 1861 Carter Avenue, Bronx, NY 10457 and helped 2 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
Thankyouforeverything!!RT : Hoping that you had a great day at the #LakeCountryCharityInvite today!
The news is so interesting.
It's unbelievable that you'll be performing at 's SpringleBall and meeting all those celebrities. proud of you <3
You never get a second chance at first impressions.
Baby you summer time fine
That's suggestive. Gross.
Note to self: make sure your connections are broken off before making new ones.
thats so true.): thts why we need to
Thanks for the comment. Can you retweet this pole to your followers. Im Condctng a pole for my Talented and Broke!™ project. :-)
I would but I have comm awards night and earth day stuff at
#808Pride if he loves u he would take u out to eat and i dont mean mc donalds -_-
The Hayabusa: Beer battered sweet potato chips with a sweet soy dipping sauce. Appetizer.
That moment when you see a hott guy and he winks at you.
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind. Albert Einstein
The War in Afghanistan: 4,000 days and growing; what is the end game? 100 billion dollars a year.... The ROI is not good.
#Yankees win. Thhhheeeeeeee #Yankees win!!!!!!!! Wow!!!!!!!
I like not only to be loved, but also to be told I am loved
Ai #Weiwei segment starting with Mayor Bloomberg at the Zodiac Heads public art ceremony.
I made a dentist appt for 8am tomorrow, clearly I made a mistake. On my way to st. Charles, aka my mom is quizzing me for the cit test
made me Thai tea this morning and I died. It was so good
About to go running in this windy ass city -__-
I believe the future is only the past again, entered through another gate
after complete faith and removing obstructions/ after these, it's just possible there comes to a man, a woman, the divine power to use words
I feel 4Michelle Obama the queen has spent $10million on her vacations We dont have jobs&cant afford a trip to the El Segundo sewer system.
I feel like I got hit by a freight train... This cold sucks
I was at my sis house in miramar
its heated because its Thursday lol
"In a civilized society, force may be used only in retaliation, and only against those who initiate its use"~ via
No rain here (yet). How/where do I get the kold app for the blackberry....thanks Scott.
or how did u say? It's better to shoot at the moon and miss,than not to have tried at all.Ha! #Danny Trejo people
yes I have. I got to like 100 something. Hahahahaha XD
If only we would appreciate each & every moment. Unique. Beautiful. Scary. Gone. Never to be seen again. Precious.
: The vendor used to pitch cabinet sales while you shop is a tacky sales technique irritating.
Night number 2 in the STL.
Yo you got talent
Anyone want to point out their goto resources for teaching with blogs? Rubrics, methods, etc. Putting together presentation.
#liber2011 Luce: Our job is to wire people's brains together.
Feels like da more patient u try 2 be wen waitin on a blessin'.... Da longer it takes....
Mother Love= Priceless.
How could a grandma order 3 murders on her own family??? Sick
hosts a tasting tonight (4-7pm).
Can't I just go to london now?? Please!!
i didnt know we were going as early as possible
#RelationshipsNowdays forever alone
you can't get on my level my level is private
tomorrow night we can play! :)
Why do you think I'm so beautiful.
I miss u too:/
Oh okay; I'm at Cali; I'm the opposite; I think 7am is late! The bright side you can have an earlier rewarding day!
Just saw a Mexican Hitler.
How do ya play?
Guess hes busy ^__^ idc I still LikE him, gonna change those 2 middle words soon <U+2665>
thanks soo much :)
Recall politics
g'night
#NF #FF super cool brother #follow him!
haha, tortoise (hide in my shell)! But yes lots of belly breathing! “: isn't there a yoga pose for that?”
I am from Jersey, now u got to see what I have had to deal with here in Winston Salem for past 14 years...
Hey Sounds great to me(:
ugh-so sorry
I aint smoke a joint all day! But dont worry im finna fix that.
I can tell you how that one turns out.
This storm messed up my plan to shoot outside today and my backup plan to edit inside when the power went out. I guess it is #naptime. Lol
Quote of the day: "I take care of my flowers and my cats. And enjoy food. And that's living." - Ursula Andress
Wear short sleeves & Support your right to bare arms!
i am wearing shorts and flip flops Chaffin-style
Our friends on the left would outlaw lotteries, if they could to "protect us".
Great :) I'm not sure if I still have the addy - DM it to me just in case!
omg that was our jam!!! They couldn't tell us nthin when that song came on! Lol
How do i get that for my phone
Training a Marine again, let's see how he keeps up.
To much taco bell got me feelin exhausted
I need to shower bro :o
Pizza Hut dinner date with the one and only <3
A day filled with Christmas songs = cramming last minute to play the Meridian Carlyle Christmas show tonight...
how r u? Hope your day shines bright :-)
RT : #FreeRondo is becoming a thing. Neat, but he deserves a suspension.
AMEN! #sotu Obama: want Congress 2 publish all earmark requests on single website b4 any votes (via ) (via )
Hahaha! Funniest response all night. :-) Love.
it is indeed cold...daisy chains of last week feelin like superman's place but with less crystals
which is good! sherman OWZED him his senior year!
So many mahomies! #iloveit :) , you're one lucky kid <3
GREAT photo!
Earning $ is not wrong. Being morally corrupt as to how you earn money is.
oh i got the website that show the dates and yeah im going too see u there hopefully brionne come :D
Like the beginning of half blood prince could srsly be 2012......
buy cheap, drink more? ;)
lol twitter is better then txt lol !
15 mins that would never happen here. You need to bring snacks while you wait
LOVIN EVERY MOMENT OF IT GREAT WORK NAYDALINE:)
So glad to hear the show went well - we've been hearing great things about it!
#Frustrating RT : Softball and baseball teams have similar issues - too many stranded runners - need more RBIs!
Nah nah nah nah NOLA
dont push it cjm, the cheese might block you and make some noises outta yo butt
sometimes i feel like I'm the only one putting effort in this relationship
I'm also comically bad at catching autocorrect, apparently
thanks 4 the great tweets
20% of men watch porn at work
south Tampa :)
Still trying to figure out what the hell that was about
So who will it be? Carolina or Duke?
- HAPPY birthday to my lil sister I love u so Much :)
Alex is Sexy! Alex is Sexy! Alex is Sexy! Alex is Sexy! Alex is Sexy! Alex is Sexy! Alex is Sexy! Alex is Sexy! Alex is Sexy! Alex is Sexy!
Cool! it's on my weekend reading list :) I love . Will be first time reading
I still refuse to call this man anything other than Ron Artest.
Gonna be at Sunlife on June 23rd?
Congrats!!! What are you going to be doing in NYC?? When do you move?!
Fun Fact: Costa Rica is the "greenest" country and plans to be the first carbon neutral country by 2021.
Victor--you should stick around for !
dude just say fuck it, go home, and get under the covers. take care of yourself!
Critical Interpretation Papers have been graded and uploaded to Blackboard.
Top ten moment!!!!
Looks like my video will acmpny your article on the Opera co. for -let me know if has any work 4 me
Carolina inside game will prevail over Duke 3 jacks. Rivers will shoot Duke out of it.
“: No such thing as giving up too much for truly elite QB. If he's not, everyone's getting fired anyway so who cares?” SO TRUE
You’ve decked the halls real nice and pretty in your second chance construction of a High School dancefloor.
Don't never ask what's wrongg or I'm okayy... DF !
welcome to twitter Mr. Insider.
I can't help how much I am into Bear In Heaven right now.
Made that pussy fart by the head tho >>
......and if you want people to quit smoking cigs legalize reefers!
Dexter with his 2nd HR already!!!
RT has made that has capacity bldg tools for NPOs, worth checking out.
I barely realized spiderman wasn't invited to the avengers party.. Lol
Hope the weather clears up for the Belk Bowl...
Thanks to the girls for inviting us to play & making last night's #LightUpNight #IronCity Anniversary bash an unforgettable night
Been playing Lego Harry Potter all week! Gotta love a Lego Hogwarts!
The problem is that it only works for symbol keys, right? it's very special purpose and can't replace =>
I need a drank. Wish I could have one.
Ran 7 miles with the Sunday group, 1 mile solo & 8 miles with another friend. 16 miles in the Cleveland Metropark, on the horse trails.
Well that's a little selfish but I'll allow it.
and do not work!
: The Swamp Gospel will feed your soul!
This bitch needs to shut her paisa ass up
Can we get some stats on the record for total number of 3 and outs in a post-season game? I think this might be a new record
Happy to hear you found a couple great colors! Here to help anytime :)
thats the plan...later in the week though
Regardless of who you are or what you have been, you can be what you want to be. – W. Clement Stone
Two years late on this one, but dear god, Patti Smith's 'Just Kids' is extraordinary. Simultaneously aching & buoyant.
massage needed,
totally agree with this!
if you can make lollipops out of balloons we can totally make a mini vegas!
Some times you gotta put in 16-18 hour days and work weekends.. No one owes you shit. You want a decent career? U gotta earn it!
Ally McBeal: "Even if I did get past all my problems, I'm just gonna get out and get new ones."
Looking forward to a new social media portrait with Teri Moy Photography and Makeup Artistry by Tracie - the pros make a big difference!
OH fun getting the swag bags ready for Seattle Fashion Week! Great meeting everyone last night at the Press Conference! Yay Fashion Week!
LUMIDEE MY CELL PHONE CRASHED AND LOST UR CELL CAN U TEXT ME UR NUMBER 2106779291
thanks! checked out cool work!
+!-|+. SATURDAYS ARE OF DA CHAIN AT CLUB MATRIX...$2 DRINKS...FREE PARKING..LADIES FREE BEFORE 11..--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Gotta get up early tomorrow calling it a night..well I won't fall aspleep til 2..but I'm out of here lol
It's never too late!
I got my phone back :)
It's Draft Day Replacements Fans! Which NCAA player will you miss watching in College ball the most?
You don't care at all
*To Die Unsung Would Really Bring You Down. Although, Wet Eyes Would Never Suit You...*
Good Luck! Hope to see you next year!
Our waitress at the melting pot looks like megan fox..
Michelson's short game is second to none
have you been there, people wear less on the streets in front
What about state standards for texts when putting together your own resources?
Iam just saying yo, that's real mushy. Imma start calling u Eric begay. LOL
hahaha this cody simpson fan is hilarious ah omg(;
that or midget wrestling.
Guess who's back...:)
It's finally pretty outside <U+2600>
I rather more money more problems, than having no money and being your problem - los
good bros what about you dudes?
the day care shit
It's karaoke Wednesday and we're serving up karaoke courage for you all night long.
On this week's show, our critics pick their worst movies of the year so far! What movies do you think made their lists?
Family...I'm happy to report I survived another visit to Comcast!!
It's not gossiping it's fact finding!
Know what? The Brewers are 3 wins away from the World Series. And that's pretty cool.
#CUAEF isn't your any old conference. Get your professional network on, then dance the night away with your new best friends at the Gala!
Check out my mini-blurb in the January issue of Essence magazine regarding health & fitness tips 4 2010 & beyond!! Chaunda walker walls
HURT MY ANKLE ON THE COURT TODAY
is in Dallas!!!! Ah!!!! Only thing better would be if was here too... Only in a dream.. *Sigh*
okay? You didn't have to tweet me just to tell me that. And you didn't have to in-derect about me.
had a blast last night, thanks to all for coming out and thanks to for being super awesome to our group!
People are too sensitives these days .. Have u heard of a term called a JOKE?!?!?
Thank you President Obama for doing what Bush and Cheney couldn't!
Heading out for T-Day shopping. Tis the tis season.
- tweeted about a new bacon-beer-cheese dip for pretzels. Might be good for
Honored to be the Social Media Expert at the Hemophilia Federation of America National Symposium in Cali! READY TO PRESENT TO THE TEENS 1st!
Man Celtics got this
I got Bones Jones
who'd you see ?? Lol
Can feel the excitement for Carnevale tonight! Happy Valet parking is here!
About to Begin...
pictures?:P
"When the backchannel isn't in back: A short exposition on all caps and yelling in office environments"
In the studio recording our new single…gonna be sick! Drum tracking today for "Someday"
what'd he say (0_o)
#itsfunnyhow the one thing I'm sure I'm doing right turns out to be the only thing bringing me down
'LIKE' us on Facebook, 'FOLLOW' us on Twitter, 'FRIEND' us on My Space & 'JOIN' our Yahoo Group!!!
All you Ignite talkers for next Friday, get your slides ready, you only get 5 minutes :) 20 slides, 15 seconds each. Going to be a hoot!
Thanks go out to eV's Underground @ CKCU FM 93.1 for being their ReverbNation Artist of the Week & 4 being part of a cool set last night.
work 5-9 tonight then a project an essay and a study guide
Sporting the bun today. Much better than the humidity induced bouffant.
Musings: Get out of your comfort zone. I believe that not much of significance happens in our comfort zone. Security is for cadavers.
Because of , one of Panasonic's latest professional cameras now conforms to #CLVS industry standards. Thanks, Bruce!
Have to agree ": You will never be the player your dad was and still is You are a subpar perimeter defender as well!"
Anything goes wen it comes to hoes
Darell Issa hosted the first meeting of the "He Man Woman's Haters Club" in decades. Spanky is spinning.
All those fairy tales are full of shit.
What are you listening to right now?
yeah multiple accounts you have to pay for pro version ($15 USD) though
That fuckin bitch forgot TWO TIME MVP TIM DUNCAN!!!!!!
WOULD LIKE TO SAY: One World Park Entertainment's site may go dark for a bit as I change web hosts..currently dissatisfied with old one.
It looks like its almost 8 at night and its 1:30 sheesh this weather is wacky
did you listen to the new FTFD song?!?
Never worry about the size of your Christmas tree. In the eyes of children, they are all 30 feet tall. ~ Larry Wilde
Unprecedented unity among sites both large and small... Google, Reddit and WIkipedia join bloggers from around the world to protest SOPA.!!
Caught my flight. Off to #ASECS12 in San Antonio to give a paper. Insert your own Alamo joke here.
Hoping for good weather so we can go to the this weekend.
Well he started it. :D
Just set my alarm for 5 am.
It is cold in LA! Good thing we are heading to the desert an not staying on the coast!
Who's playing at Maxwell's?
How did you send the tweet?
If you could choose anywhere in the world to study, where would it be? -PT
you are my 100th follower...want to celebrate with a shot at Bradys concert tomm?
Great CPF Convention.
yOURE THE SECOND PERSON WHO'S PUT THAT OMG OK IM DOING IT
Now if only I could sing, now if only I could sing.
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
thanks man! Which colleges? Same with yours!
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you. ~Maori Proverb
at least I got to hear Dante's Inferno Theme.
the upside is boring Thursdays lead to great Saturdays.
Just now reading some interesting letters from Kareem Abdul-Jabbar to Ishmael Reed. He offers to finance *Reckless Eyeballing* as a movie.
Don't miss the 2nd Annual Artisans' Fare on Nov 18/19; Indiana's premiere food & drink artisans willbe there, like www.amazingchips.com !
Thanks for coming to the launch party!
sticks & stones may break my bones, but chains & whips excite me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Humans are jacked up #justsayin'
Looking for a new brunch spot downtown? We are now open every Sunday at 11am serving traditional English breakfast items.
American Idol <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
You know you use your phone too much when you have to charge it 3 times a day.
I wish i was famous
Blast Friday was interesting.
Raise that jolly roger!
#ThingsLongerThanNorthKoreasMissileLaunch Batista's dick. RT if you have seen Batista's dick and respect the legendary dick of Batista.
I love the way that booty go.
Happy Spring Break! :)
Wow i cant go to the bernard picnic this weekendd
we were too. but hey, i'm in chicago. i'm perfectly happy. and i haven't but i will if i can today. he'll be teaching all day
now following!
We used to talk for hours. Look at us now :/
Haha. I'm not a morning person, either...I'll try to go back to sleep after she leaves. :)
Well, also my friends are going. So that makes it easier to do.
LMAO!a": #WhereAreTheyNow stuck up your ass bitch."
had the hey perro wrap! Fantastic and I have lunch for dinner
I thought you weren't following my feed any longer...
my pleasure. well written and loved the story. It was an awesome title defense at Wildflower!
Congratulations to #MaryStramel of #GeneralMailingandShippingSystems in #ABQ. Mary was awarded at #womenofinfluence!
get crazy! get wild! who happy 21st doll, :)
I'm scared to death of electricity -- I don't even like to unplug things bigger than a lamp. I can't imagine rigging the BGE.
Can not wait to record on Monday :) Maybe another studio update? :)
oh my
Baseball is so interesting yet so boring at the same time
you got the wrong dude
#rangers score! Nice
Told me what?!
Here's our recipe: sit at bar, order, wait.
Many things going through my mind now. ~.~
Wow. Lost for words. That's why it's the world's sport.
I haven't tweeted in over a month. -_-
not Ganesh. GAME.
Idaho judge drops charges in moonwalk dance case - Northwest Cable News
Being main stream <
My parents are divorced,so if you need to talk to anyone Im here. Time heals everything,and remember its NOT your fault<3
RT Admit it, At some point in your life, you stuck a ball up your shirt and pretended you were pregnant.
here's to the kalin and myles fans who like jakeeyp's eyebrow stories.
I need sum help on bmi... Who's can help
but KR is a beast. We need one good OL this year and he's my pick. Heard he got MVP at camp
I was just there this weekend!!
agree with you there. I just think the comparison to Color is off.
although you make a good point, who could forget Real Genius?
haha u so didnt make that!! mom!!!!!Nicks lying again!! lmfao!
Tweet tweet.
and I thought we had this awesome French contingent on there way to Albuquerque. Shucks.
I'll Be dumb late seein it but probably safe house...... what u tryna see
You crack me up!! One of your funniest lines~He's so gay he farts glitter! #LOL "Big Fat Pussy" Cat line was up there too!
Photo shoot today for "Most Beautiful People" issue of My hometown magazine...such an honor!!
i doo too, but the internet don't need to love it! ;)
Please follow and we follow 100% back :) Love u :*
they weren't yelling in our game, they never had a chance too haha
#throwbackthursday during free >>>
Super excited for my show at Maguire's tonight!!
LOL where you from? :-)
enjoy your weekend, Dana!!
what's your favorite brand of pencil?
Hi Valerie! Thanks for also sharing the important work of using school to foster good, thinking, caring, responsible people!
Thanks for the review –– can't wait to see! Shoot me an email & I'll send you more great nutritional info!
Wanting to tweet nonstop because i could read them al day.
what up
Thank u very much!We appreciate the follow! :-)
Going to Panera with the cousins <3
at the Portland Winterhawks game!
I should be getting some sleep got a denist appointment in Philly tomorrow.
RT : "Storytelling is SEO for the human brain" says aka Mike Sowden at
my baseball coach always said " your as good as your last at bat" or if he was talking to team " your as good as your last gm"
First pumpkin spice latte of the season!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 18
Get chip to diverge juke slide n Dj solo to do the chicken Wang
Someone bring me some BBQ por favor.
But this Suite at Royals stadium is NICE! Free food and drinks including beer - can't go wrong. And I guess the royals are up 2-1.
Thanks for the #FF love!
In my zone, jamming to chris brown - all back.
Come into Lotties for food & drink to melt the slush away.
the team is so excited! Now neither of you have excuses ;) ...Not even you, Harrison; Mr. iPad. Hehe.
Where at?
no luck bro
Sometimes i don't think i'm good enough . . . :/
I've been super busy putting the finishing touches on our new website!
raining in detroit today. not that big of a deal though, won't dampen my day. getting some work done, then out for beers. m, beers.
I wish I had some mac n cheese.
Rule 1: Get consent. Rule 2: Pace yourself. Rule 3: Stock up. RT : Condom distribution today 6:15-7pm on the corner of 17th & Fee!
I WISH I COULD.
so glad to hear there is some football/band love going on there!
Depressing. RT : I'm officially changing the names of the days of the week. It will now be Monday, Monday, Monday, Monday, Friday.
haha it involves a tow hook, a Jetta, & a holly bush...
Your source for solid unfinished Brazilian Cherry T&G 3/4" x 3-1/4" & 5" hardwood flooring.
So GOP's answer is deregulate everything and drill--Deep Water Horizon 2 here we come. That Is So Wrong! RT : Drill baby drill.
HFC is excited to welcome our coming MUST students from Mongolia next month! We are all looking forward to getting to know you!
Thx for the follow Kudos to your team for making children & families a priority in federal policy and budget decisions!
glad you could tune in! I could listen to talks about content strategy and examples all day : ) Good stuff.
I'm coming over as soon as you get it !!!
We'll have 300+ in teal and purple coming from Rochester - you won't be alone!
As Atari continues to wage war on its hardcore fans,is it wrong for me to point out that the real Atari died in 1984 when Warner broke it up
I hate summer classes
I miss you too bro!
And my other best friend reginahh!!<3
don't even start with me on the crap!!
Oh, great HC tip! Sedaris has been reliably wonderful on the road, along with Sarah Vowell. Another, weirdly: Nora Ephron.
KINGS SCORE!!!
thanks for coming in tonight!
So our homebrewed Rye P.A. and Oatmeal Stout are both pretty great!
Hi Mark. This is Colin's mom. Colin died of sunburn.
Jealous! I was just there in November! Have a safe and fun trip!
we are live on air now #LateNightLesbiansRadio <U+2605> Blind Date <U+2605> single ladies call 347-857-2089
Laser Hair Removal is the best! Check out our special for February - it's cheaper than you think!! http: //bit.ly/ikAubO
Don’t expect to find the right person if you aren’t willing to let the wrong one go.
our whole pie is much bigger, could feed two, while theirs fits on a paper plate. I compare mine to
Thanks for RT
Well, that's not cool.
your the best!
Yeah I don't think I could bellet.
Was listening to Devil Went Down to GA. on WSM yesterday. I wish all slick commercial country were that good and creatively produced.
thanks for following us as well!
so true thx for spreading such an important message!!
Off topic #aam2012 - this room smells like wet hay ? It's strength is distracting me :-( OKAY back on topic/track
looking forward to seeing play tonight! my fiancé is one talented guy
Bye honey <33 have a goodnight :* besos
Watching The Heist with and So funny.
i need followers, i know no one on twitter :(
Yes, I have 10 Fantasy Football Teams, but I made the Playoffs with 7 of them so that makes it alright?
My obsession with Usher is a little unhealthy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
RIP David #Broder; journalists and readers alike would do well to read "Behind the Front Page"
"it's so early 90s hanging out with ugly people, you know?"
and WHY is the city paying $5K in ground rent to ANYONE? Buy that land back!
Read interviews and more coverage from the #African Film Festival!
meeting of the minds in Detroit airport, where I just ran into Jerlando Jackson!
I boarded the Subway this morning for the 2 for 1 before 9am. thanks so very much.
Flying to LA in January! Excited!
I like all forms of music so long as the lyrics are intelligent and profound, and preferrably socio-political, unlike most pop music.
UK has one of the largest fan bases in sports, yet you writers think it's news that 30 people sent some bad tweets to a player.
there is a lot of email misuse. Like emails where every1 + their dog are copied. Need to align email w getting things done.
How do you fuel your long runs?
No. 4 LSU Tigers Look to Continue Success in May: Fan&#39;s Take
On my way to Baton Rouge, been real busy, tweetin back and catchin up tomorrow mornin!!!
I hear you. We're wrapping up the kids bathroom. Taken six months, meanwhile he's been sharing ours. Ugh.
COLLEGE NIGHT TONIGHT - BEER PITCHERS - BEER PONG - $25 ALL YOU CAN DRINK WRISTBANDS!
Tip of the day: if you want to be the president then alls you got to do is make presidential decisions
Q: why jump to blame new social media given the much longer-term increase in loneliness? a fun, yet implausible, explanation
get in touch with Daniel ching at minarets HS in california - he may be able to help ,
Excited to be heading to the Baltimore office for 's going away party. Ole!
Hello love doctors. Yes, you are very astute. I haven't left the incubator in longer than I care to admit
ugh, my new replacement iPhone means i have to try to remember all my passwords for access to my social media apps
Well Tamale Guy just left. Prepare for entire bar to smell like farts in 5...4...3...2...boom.
I'm about to become a millionaire!! I promise to give you all a share of my winnings...seriously
A wide selection of my photography will be on display in the lobby of the Loudoun County Government Center in January and February.
omg your background. LOL
still at the game and pissed off!!!!
I feel like I'm going to puke. What. The. Heck.
Woot! I wouldn't expect Ms. Lada to do anything less. Thanks for including us. Cheers to
how's tomorrow? (:
If he'da been Jayson Blair he would have had the run of the place already...
Pearson, has turned AIMS standardized testing into a billion-dollar-a-year industry. Dumbing down our kids, one test at a time..
charging my phone :P
www.slobbersnaks.com
Rain or shine. Get on a bike people. Thats why your called
There really is nothing quite like 90's Pop Bass haha
Follow me/stalk me
yess we do need to talk abt you know what still ;) will you text me in the morning tomorro Shaun?
Enjoying your website (translated/Chrome). I particularly liked your advice about looking into people's eyes when speaking.
no way? Lol well then I'm sure Annabelle would be glad to meet you
Now, we'll see if justice can stand its ground.
Congrats to editor Sheila Black--she won the 2012 Witter Bynner Fellowship!
shut up big head
My cornucopia brings all the tributes to the yard.
If Oosthuizen was a dick and the TV was on the green, this would be Happy Gilmore come to life.
Thanks for the RT!
My ass hole
Give a man a fish & he’ll eat for a day.Teach a man to fish, & he’ll disappear every weekend with his buddies from April till November.
Autism awareness! RT : Today is World #Autism Awareness Day. Support in their extremely important mission.
strategic agendas hurt my brain
I love this movie. I cry every time.
Black(out) Friday. Shop for new diggs instead!
Join me in Hodgkins this weekend at The Quarry Spring Craft Show. Saturday 9-6 Sunday 11-5. Located at Lagrange and Joliet Rd.
my feelingsarent hurt. I could careless. Just dont evr say girls I smash are ugly when look at jesy
It is so COOL! I just checked it out too!
What others think about you is not important. What you think about yourself means everything.
Upload and Download...made easy.
our pitching needs to get better but I still can't believe we got him lol
Small world - D Duck is now Florida Citrus, owned Citrus Grows CO-OP. hav freinds who hav worked there from bac in the day
don't worry Reade. Once they read your tweets you'll reveal to them how idiotic & pretentious you are
Hey sign up w/our street team today at Tigerfest and receive $75 in driving credit! 3pm-7pm
SCORE. yes.
Making moves, not excuses!
A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well....
One word. Flasks.
on location in Kennebunkport all day. cell phone in South Boston so email if you need me.
There's a lot at stake, Rick. #JoshHamilton has had off-the-field issues. And, #fans haven't forgotten.
Good morning!!!
Washington take on the tonight at 7:30. Catch it on projectors with full sound
Yeah I usually don't like movies about making movies but I dug it.
No matter how good of a girl you think she is or might be, a hoe is still hoe...
The holiday lights are up in the CCT office and it's looking festive! Now if only this rain would change to snow :)
Another day, another promo. :)
nope tweets here are alive and well.
CNI - the Coalition for Networked Information - is now on Twitter
Nothing makes my morning like talking to about all the amazing work he is doing at the #NIC!
I need a women to text me whats good ladys
hey boo
On the road again, forgot my socks, had to go to Kohls.. more bad news, found out it wont be ready this months, best chance now in June
Q3 Nothing, not really on our radar. Maybe I'll just mention it on our Facebook account.
MT : No, don't explain how [humanities data is different]. Show me how ;)
ha right ?
Still chillin on that cinco de mayo
Glad I could be of help on more than one front. Which story was it?
Thanks for the RT, !
When we get to , bitches better get down! "Everybody Wants Sum" when we get doooowwn thurrr!
I LOVE YOU!!!!!! You are so sweet and yes, it rocked! Can't wait to tell you all about it :) xoxo
#whyidonthavegayfriends I like going out in public w/o turning heads or people automatically knowing I'm gay cuz I'm with some rue Paul wana
awww thanks, man! I meant to do that but I'm all energy-depleted from the workout
kiss Your Kids,make E'm Smile make Great memories, Not Long time Regrets!!! www.BarefootDrumsofHouston.com Ministry for the Abused
How to create educational opportunities throughout the lifespan?
See? van Riemsdyk gets it. why cant everyone else? RT If there's a sporting event better than playoff hockey I've yet to see it!
I love a thick juicy body in bright colored leggings...ah!!!
ISS Orlando on February 19, 20, 21 Hope to see you there!
that's the kind of thing I listen to when I'm feeling blue
Down by the bay where the watermelons grow.
going to have lunch with 's stephanie lecci- Milwaukee's Terry Gross.
it's okay! :) I've been busy with party preparations. My sweet sixteen is this Friday!!!
*laughs, pinches nose*s'ok. Im gonna get some fresh air...
Hey, hey. Easy on the gunshots and rap. They were probably more scared of you. At least scrapple was plentiful.
THIS is the Obama I voted for
BIG AB for Avery in his first game
Gonna stop quoting The Hangover now....
It is of the outmost importance to have a strict money management system in place
Cashed out on my fam today felt great. Summer is gonna be so dope and carefree.
Thank's for the follow!
Yeah ha, I was just in town for 4h's short stay.
BGen Andre Sayles "I stayed with the Army for one reason: to help our #veterans." veterans hiring forum.
I love you! Please follow me! #Alexismysuperhero #AconForever #AconFever :D U smile, I smile :)
Website live!
Hi Steve! Thanks for the follow!
Shout out to . i really enjoyed point this weekend.
Until you've walked in someones shoes and know exactly what they've gone through how can you judge them?
#NP smile back by
As soon as you feel comfortable, that's when it's time to start over." Jerry Weintraub
welcome to Twitter! Love how you acronym is "ARRR!"
Mike will be moving back to #Pittsburgh so expect more baseball, football and hockey pics and tweets over the next few days weeks and months
32 covers this will be a long night !
#WFUD12 Chuang: courts and other policymakers have not sufficiently drawn the lines of fair use.
God I wanna dance
Doing my thing! :)
I never told you how proud I was that you somehow included 5ive and OTown (and left out BSB) in your "boyband" DrawSomething.
Thx 4 RT! LQ stands for #Lapham's Quarterly the most exclusive journal, featuring the greatest minds ever lived! Recommend.
Q3. What shall be the Royal Theme Song of your kingdom?
they add liquid detergent to the beer
Q2. What beauty trends are you looking forward to trying for spring?
Wondering why my daughter spent $3 on 1 doggie cupcake from some dog store downtown. $3 and the dog doesn't even like it!
#21CRadio A4 I like the immediacy of getting news from artists on SM, but also expect it to be more promotional so like other sources, too.
It's about Greatest common factors! I don't understand =L
Agreed! Some dishes better than others, but overall tasty & fun! Def. need a big group.
i'm leaving hawaii dec.4 then i arrive in LA baby! then were gonna do an across the states drive from cali to kansas.............Winning!
Hey RaRa, my bad - totally didn't see your tweet last night, hope da party was bumpin'
Pole day Saturday?
Perfect, , see you there!
r u. on line..call me
She dreamed of Paradise.
Be sure to also watch today's show because is here to perform! You don't want to miss this...
Happy endings? Now I know.
There's a location in Waco coming soon! Follow for updates on new locations.
haha hate to dissappoint my fans(;
Welcome to the home of #SB46! RT : Rain-freezing rain and sleet moving into western and southwestern Indiana now
I'LL GET ON RIGHT NOW FOR YOU BABY GIRL!
#LT *sound system
New Darious Rucker cd is quite good. Can't believe I'm starting to listen to country...but (shh) I like it!
: Would you mind sending your contact information to ? Our IT team needs more info in order to troubleshoot...
headline: Bengals 28 Ravens 21, Texans now on the menu for some hungry tigers!
Damn this OKC and Dallas game is a dunk show!!!
I love your show so I'm changing my icon to you guys!!!!
Number 1 thing people do on their mobile device? Personal email.
OH...and I'm also addicted to Pinterest now, if you couldn't tell. ;)
Thanks for RTing the Meg Murry article the other day!
#Oscars fun fact RT : James Franco and Anne Hathaway are the first male/female #Oscars Hosting duo to share the same stage
I agree with you on the modern family thing...not funny
Craziest Best Dream Ever ... #Weird .. (:
Good afternoon ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>RT : #nf good morning
awesome my wifi isn't going well so it's probably best. :)
“: #ToMyFutureHusband Bringing home flowers and ice cream will never get you in trouble.”
Lately i have just been a complete screw up i have basically had bad karma since me and my friend had been arguing
I've been thinking about forever. Have you?
Thank you
You may be that one person to keep the victim from removing themselves from this world forever. <3
my boy Aaron said he'd drive down from Pittsburgh once a week to practice with us and play bass..
Still 109 Golden #AEDs out there worth $50 per AED...beautiful day to search for AEDs in the city!
Love you too big headRT : I love you Bae
Your values come from deep inside you. Spend the time necessary to discover them. Hold fast to them; honor them by your actions.
i read MAndy's tweet as 'lie in a hot batch and have chili'...
YES! As am I! Too excited to see it!!!!! What day are you going? I'm going Saturday
Watched some you tube videos. Awesome stuff! Are You going to do a show in Boston anytime?
Totes. Please. Profile pic looks like a close-up of a GI Joe doll.
well idk yeah some people 'like' those bands for those reasons... I didn't even know what kellin looked like when I first
Ladies you know a secret? - Your man will move the world for you if you love him and support him and cheer for him. But he won't do nothing
the drug that goes by "Meow Meow" cracks me up. Who's tried it?
Can ANYONE explain #Syfy Battlestar galatica to me? I watched it as a kid, but this 1 makes no sense 2 me.
Thanks to for hosting a district 21 candidate forum. Too bad was in the district but declined to attend.
Damn. They figured it out.
Are you attending May's Social Media Breakfast? We have the proud honor of being the facility and food sponsor
So When are you coming back to Texas.?????
Nothing better than a #Wisconsin steak at Tornado Room
It was a struggle trying to study for a final in the middle of perfect spring weather. But I'm about to shed my winter coat and this class.
with the exception of about 6 weeks of summer, you can have that in Portland, OR.
Carlos I have instructions you can follow. What is your email! Good luck with your class!!!
can you change it to a unc logo after they win without marshall?
Awesome, thanks so much for coming!
I'm bored:/
Happy Mommy's Day to the best mommy in the world! Lol(;
just a stressful day! :/ feeling Better though
RT : #overthesummer im doing speed and strength and sand volleyball
it's going to double ot.
#1 Reason why im better than everyone: IM ASIAN XD
1day down of the #super bowl madness ...9 more. to go
River North has a lot of great restaurant destinations. We had a great experience at What are your favorites in the area?
There are about one trillion bacteria on each of your feet
#PrettyLittleLiars comes back in exactly a month! yay!
So 2day is our final… i didnt know… ugh! Ill pass tho so hey!
casting models for Saturday !!! hit me up please!!!
Good evening Thanks for following Newark Twinning. Hope you enjoy our twinning tweets.
Lol dude mad cuz i got a boyfriend now.. Jealousy is so not cute!
Haha ! Oh heck no ! Back off ! I will meet on June 30 && you're just jealous of my sensitive amazing babe ! <333
Thanks for replying, Patrick! We're currently not there. We were just at CCSC 2012! We will be at NCCE show next.
this is true...I shall try to come - now I'm merely 2hrs away!
I'd be more inclined to use #spotify at work if I didn't have to worry about a pic of Rhianna licking her lips every time I logged in.
so what's the new for 2012? ;-)
just saw your from ohio but if you know ANYONE in TX that likes chiodos oh sleeper or attack attack let them know we have tix
We have to learn to be our own best friends because we fall too easily into the trap of being our own worst enemies. Roderick Thorp
Daley: "pretty obvious" that hopeful expectations for stronger economy this year and next are not going to be fulfilled.
no I do not have a Oovoo and thanks also why did connor stop making vids? <\Slope/>
Somebody's at the door.. MAAAH I DON'T WANNA GET IT!
lol I know :P haha :D
If anything, we museums have turned you in to beggars. You should expect MUCH more from us in all platforms.
Well look at that - my birthday is this week! How am I just now realizing this?
The little brook under my road is usually 18 inches wide, 2 or 3 feet in a tstorm—now 50 feet wide and roaring.
#4famouswords I love One Direction
hey! I dm'ed you something :)
Attn: : Looks like there's gonna be data... MT : GAB votes to create searchable database of recall signatures.
I'm sure it'll be awesome. And anyway, they're all special episodes. The ones with me in them just happen to be super :)
omg that's awesome!!!
my twitter is poop!
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has M. Mead
bad girls club
My #FAMILY is
Thanks again to & for having us! And, as always, a huge thank you to our awesome manager for everything!
LMFO is absolutely horrible. Can't listen to its crap brand of crap music. Sorry, kids. :)
best thing is probably to create a new list, and then go to your following list and add everyone in class to that list
Real talk.. ill find something
Late night Press , press , press!! ... #Variety #TheHollywoodReporter + more
So I've been playing iPhone games, eating candy, and thinking of ways to spend my check ... For the last 3 days
where and whenn
yes very cool - are you going to see him?
Watching South Beach Tow!
Tomorrow will be my very first ride aboard one of your vessels! I can't wait!
Sorry for the novel, I have all the feels. How are your kitties? Joss and.... what was the other new kitten's name?
hi can u follow me? plz
Saw it last night at the #Starlight6 in #ATL. Nick: "I was drag racing." Detective: "In a Prius?" Nick: "I don't win a lot."
Ken Blackwell: Israel&#39;s Gathering Storm - The Huffington Post
Share some of your followers big homie.
Blownn Off My Ass.!!!
It is indeed a jockstrap... ;) Sorry there is no picture of the back.
Catch tonight on !
The rain is expected by 10PM With temperatures around the 50s
Happy Holidays from our family to yours! Have a fantastic holiday!
I go back & forth between feeling sorry for him and intensely disliking him. RT : *sad trombone* for Pete
deffintaely, you have to i can even send you links to different venues
Thank you! Would love to hear more about how you came across that amazing image! And possibilities of collaborating?
Shut Up And Love Me <3333
Ha! RT Ozzie Guillen returns to coach the Marlins tonight, on the anniversary of the Bay of Pigs. Ops.
Possibly. What's the catch?
It blows my mind when people use "your" as "you're" AND as "your" in the same sentence. Like, did it even faze you?
RT its a movie/oh wow, I got to get out. Lol! I've seen ppl referring 2 it like a club or some sort<U+E415>
If "inhibited" from travel, you must prove you aren't a threat. But how, when they won't say why they suspect you?
Sure! Keep up the good messages! :)
Not sure when we will release full track list, but Neal will be leaking some hints.
I was thinking the same thing!
and Suh won't because he's a douche bag
Memphis defeats Tennessee in double OT 99-97.
thanks for sharing Brian! Hope it helped get ya in the Christmas spirit!:)
"If we fail this time, it will be a failure of imagination"
Just read WSJ on #selfdirectedira custodians being sued for improper due diligence on investment providers. To bad.
True love is when you both bust your bottoms to ensure the household is taken care of but find time for each other still!
Is so #sick of #people. Cereal Bowles
Happy Birthday! <3 Save some of your bday money so we can go to Cotton On with !
Boarding This Next Flight To VA... #JetLife <U+2708><U+270C>
"Don't go, I need you In my life", LOL, just joking, close the door on your way out bitch.
RT : NICE! - did a great job with it today, he was so close.
“: And the #GWU kid loses Jeopardy at the last second. Just like our basketball team!”
Dad just got scammed into paying fora PDF version of the Dallas newspaper. Here's to the death of print.
Seems cute but sinister: Wouldn't want to have him next to me at 3 am. Good luck!
hm maybe playing with your car or some games will do the trick to get your mind off things! /hug
I miss my girlfriend.
Up moving a little. Hailey Anne had A rough night but MUCH better thus morning .
It's not really a plank, more like a lay down :)
It turned out to be a sunny day! First Thursday is hoppin' down below!
Fantastic! I shall raise a glass in celebration of her while here!
Thanks for correcting the spelling Arin. :) “: Oestreich* RT : Ostrich if you see this you're the best !”
haven't talked to you in a while . how's life.? lol
: - happy birthday! Love you!
just finished eating bro, now I gotta worry bout my Chem final, but today's also
Every once in a while u have that one afternoon nap that is a little glimpse of heaven....
NP I follow you. Follow me back?
Semantics: they don't need a fresh perspective; they need a user's perspective. :)
What's up #PianoMan. I'm working on the changes for "April in Paris". Any tips?
I am a very loyal person.
That awkward moment when the person you're talking bad about walks through the door..
Great review. Even my CEO could understand this! :)
That choir always rejuvenates me.... but why don't people ever text me back? You know who you are.
mm I like how you sip you're juice . Oh you also have nice lips, Not the ones in your face(;
Thanks, Stefan! We always want users to have a great experience, so we're happy to hear that you find the documentation helpful.
I would never Unfollow you Nicholas!
your welcome Follow back!
The Jackrabbits are back! Tune in to Current TV tonight at 9PM ET for an all new #4thandForever!
Monitor to hear what ppl are saying about yr brand, benchmark similar comps & set objective on what you want to achieve
Caption Contest: California&#39;s First Dog Hits the Road - Wayne ...
How High, Pineapple Express, and Friday are the dopest movies for stoners.
I hate Thursdays.
my husband & I saw this when we were there this past March for our 1yr anniversary, great exhibit
The courage of my colleague is truly inspiring.
All natural body butter - Shea, mango, cocoa butter, with jojoba, aloe vera, coconut, and vitamin e oil - 4 oz. - $23
Power 14 Voodoo 14 at Half. Power were down 14-0 and have come back to tie it up! LETS GO POWER!
Eating electrolyte stew topped with chopped turkey and guacamole.
Have a great weekend Colorado!!!!
are here? I just bought their book.
About to go mountain biking with coworkers. Haven't done this since middle school ... wish me luck!!
Just checking, has anyone else been getting crappy service from T-Mobile?
This weather is absolutely perfect for a bonfire
Landed in Chicago! And instantly I want potato skins and a beer, what is it with the midwest?
NICE! Thanks!
Whats wrong with my boo?RT : thank you on the verge of collapse.
Gotcha. My bad.
Thanks for the RT Matt!
what a privilege that America can embrace freedom no matter what we believe and our God is unchanging in His greatness and love.
I just want to go to sleep with you. No sex. Just you and I, the sheets, kisses, and sleep.
How long after Bryce gets called up can I expect a visit from you?
BTW I am not a member of Ayn's family- I am one of 5000+ ANGRY people who want
So stoked!!! Go Cleveland!!
#comm_college faculty convened for #scalinginnovation meeting say students struggle with vocabulary
Sustainability and even environmentalism is NOT an attack on prosperity and free markets. In fact, quite the opposite.
I would slap a Minnie's Bumper sticker on my___________!
On my way home, glad i got away when i did... :-)
will you please follow me? I'm from Dallas too (:
just listened to your track "Good Girl Gone" on an old NYC comp CD I have. Awesome!!!
I'm pretty sure if you kill the Bogeyman then every pedofile in the world dies.
were y'all going? How long?
“: 20 year old tea party members and geriatric rappers #mifflin2012” <<-- Wow. Sorry I'm missing this to write a paper.
aw shucks! RT : #FF , awesome people I got to work w/ 4+ years, tweeting awesome news from the #AmericanU community
There's nothing I hate more than when the bottom of my jeans getting damp from the rain.
Yippee! Resume updated -- might need a cookie to celebrate!
Is it time to mourn actual Capri length pants? :-( its all ankle, ankle, ankle. They look so weird and gross on skinny long legged ppl
Pinning delicious #studyabroad breakfasts. What's yours? ;)
You can find work w/o exp. in Asia and Latin America. You could also volunteer at home or do an internship.
that's awesome! I just noticed this. "hey, you're working with a professional here!"
RT What's your best way to get past a plateau in your gains? Share your secrets :-)
I like how the Ninja Turtles wear masks. Good way to hide your identity, its not like your a giant turtle or anything.. -_-
I am SO thankful for my fun farewell happy hour at La Sandia last night! Awesome turnout and 4+ hours of socializing! :)
#10FactsAboutMe I don't like ordering for myself no matter where I go. It stresses me out to no end. & Idk why.
LOL stop. Her peak was so long ago, let's be real.
1 More to get to 250..
are you a demi fan? read this blog by a fan about being strong &getting through bulling www.stopbullyingnoww.blogspot.com AMAZING
Tip #98: Listen to commentary, read poker blogs, and most importantly...ask a great player/coach if they would take you under their wing.
Too hard... for the fucking radio..." Tell me something good"... Im too hard... for the fucking radio.
I possibly could
haha hopefully you'll spot him again. seriously look him up in the MadTV skits. He is really good
Your not cool! Stop trying to act like a badass on twitter!
went inside jamba juice and heard Annie You Save Me playing in the bg jamming with my smoothie <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Monday already!?!? This weekend FLEW by!!
Pretty sure its almost that time for some grub, 2 And a Half Men dvd and some sleep!
Two weeks until the kickoff event! Make sure to sign up today!
I have lost myself trying to find you
Last night to get $20 tickets for Mother's Day Event 5/10/12 Tickets! Only $25 at door. Don't miss it!
gotta love that
poor kid, he needs to get some more short track time. He'll figure it out one of these days.
i like
What is availability looking like, hasn't been much change on the store site. Hopefully those that want print are able to grab print!
I tell em meet me in the bathroom. Hold Up! Better yet my bedroom
So, that definitely sounds like thunder over If there's lightning you know Thor's coming.
QB Vince Young to work out for Buffalo Bills
i use to have an envelope maker/pattern too
RT : Day 2 of Global Youth Traffic Safety Month. 2 things to keep teens safe: buckle up & put the phone away!
I'm in the movies now watching
I'm filling in for Tony in the traffic center tomorrow on Good Day Oregon, getting you through your morning commute. See you then!
Stand up to the MAN! Yeah! That's what I say! Great job. Our guys still share the same hard-driving metal aesthetic, I see.
thanks for clearing that up for me it saved me alot of heartache trying to find a new word for thrice i have a very limited vocab
Groups of reform-minded teachers are cropping up all over the country - but individ teacher voices are heard now more than ever.
DM we are injecting social media into our business launch. This makes me wonder if we should speak. Please DM if interested.
hey give me a call
when you coming?
Sorry. Didn't mean to sound bossy. :) You guys have a great site.
Thank you Curtis
n yess most defintly invited to my shower lol
it's just you, or at least I disagree! I love having way more pb :)
p.s. I didn't recognize you until watching the vid's but we've met at the Spider. I'm
just ask them: "Y U NO NAMESPACE?"
Thanks! I'm glad you like the music!
Singing auditions went well. Now just for dance tomorrow. (:
Yes, repeatedly!
I'm not sure to be honest. Worth looking into, though. My guess is smaller school have more flexibility.
RT We're so busy watching out for what's just ahead of us that we don't take time to enjoy where we are.<U+0094> Calvin and Hobbes
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Teddy Smith
#DC plumber just told me he would never drink the city's tap water. Blech.
Hope everyone's ok....we had some crazy storms down here in Georgia yesterday....freaked me out!!!!!!
I TOLD them....magenta is betta. Duh
need to know more.
did u really call someone with the handle the Stalin of EAD revolution? Sasha Berkman just rolled over in grave.
he wrote the funniest memoir though, check it out
I don't care who you guys already have in mind for your 1st pick but it needs to be LaMichael James, he is a dual and deadly threat
NEVER YOU STOP THAT
ugh!!! Pugh and I are in Detroit and you are all the way in TX!!!!! Hah
Corned beef n cabbage day
Getting ready to head down from Mequon for some burgers.
Everything is always complicated.
Lonely.n....rs i cant deal at all
That makes sense . . . and sounds easier to keep on your head while running. (Plus, I'm sure it enhances your toughness.) :)
BibleFax: Paul wrote 20 yrs after the death of Jesus. The earliest gospel was written down 40 years after. No eyewitness accounts!
That mistake I Promise I will NEVER MAKE AGAIN!!!
lol @ my life.
We just saw you on TV. As Jay put it: "He's just double-fisting with cameras!"
"I have this theory..." looks great, man. That your wordpress skillz at work?
hahaha hell yea! If u call ask for mike jones!
#IndieMusic MP3: Pagiins – “What’s the Point?”
no problem! :)
RT:sophia Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home. // LOL
Yes indeed, happy pub date!
uh oh! Also don't tell them Jesus gave food and healthcare to poor people FOR FREE whether they had jobs or not.
So excited to see you guys in IL on Feb 2nd!! Gonna be my first time seeing you guys live!! So excited!!
I know I should go to sleep, but it's just so great to not be at work or at rehearsal for the play...
flex day as in teacher day to get caught up
Good morning ppls crazy ass weather, but im thankful for another day :-)
got it. thx. hope we'll all be kept in the loop as research moves along. we've got cases to make as budgets are cut /
he's big into draft etc... grain of salt . It's cool
"...Tonight, the streets are ours..."
thanks for comin last night!
Todd Haynes MILDRED PIERCE is getting weak reviews but an absolute must see tomorrow night on HBO. The great orig is on TCM tonite at 8pm.
Forever is composed of nows. -Emily Dickinson
If you all see RT from us of things has tweeted...please now we agree 100% w/ the statement! PR it ain't for everybody!!
Sure, you can email me at
Titanic pulled up anchor about an hour ago and we are currently headed to NY! Should be fun!
Maui Mall is getting ready for the Maui Okinawan Festival on Saturday, June 25. It all starts at 10 a.m. Food, crafts, and entertainment!
I wish Jacksonville had a B. Merrill's
we outside
They yell at you for not moving on fast enough, and when you need them theyre not really there, so your still stuck moving on.
Give us a follow. I want to DM you some details of a radio promo we are doing in Louisville. Thanks!
Your more than welcome to, just come through the back gate...
Is something wrong with the U.S. economy? I just bought your 10 million dollar house for $50 bucks.
44 degrees and overcast outside... Sounds like a good day to cuddle on the couch with a glass of wine and a movie to me.
u telegraph ur moves
Great radio interview tonight. Shows a lot of class the way you're handling this injury and staying involved.
I LOVE IT! <U+2665> i go to watch wizards of waverly place at 17:20 :)
“My future starts when I wake up every morning. Every day I find something creative to do with my life.” Miles Davis
UNC Ash just got hosed. Wow. Terrible call
you are now followed.. lol
I think that's no different from K-12,many use it b/c it provides simple framework for an online presence.
same to you--thanks for the great conversations.
I was at #yalsateentech yesterday! Hope your chat went well...it took me 3 hours to get home from southern MD.
she knows I want and need time. The trust I had to her may wont get back like it used to ..
Reach up in the atmosphere right now and grab what you need from the LORD!
#Columbus #hiring part-time seasonal call center jobs in Worthington. One month contract - details?
i love you
School's out! goodbye TRMS hello HHS. I miss my friends so much :'(
OH- "Anyone wanna get weird and play Mario Kart?"
Tonights show is live on gashouseradio.com
If I win #MegaMillions, I'm buying a car elevator.
not at all!! I understand wanting to get out of there!:)
what did i tell you ;D GOD I LOVE YOU!
& tend to be 'defensive teachers' RT : Non-tenure track faculty attend A LOT more dev events than tenure-track
I don't get it either, can't stand her.
I hope these two don't think they're doing me a favor by talking about we up here studying for my benefit
Service industry workers can drink cheap and local every Tuesday.
Some people you meet in life should come with a warning label.
Sounds like an interesting new take on internet searching! I'll be adding myself to the invite list shortly.
- Hoss, were you ever teammates with Iron Joe McGinnity?
Intrigued by the assumption that what is being taught is what is being learned. Learning is ambiguous even if teaching isn't.
I back out and back out then click clat POW POW
I wonder what the singularity will be like. Will we lose all connection to our bodies? Or will it be like constant blow jobs?
Bad news?... straight up! I'm with you... Just rip the bandaid off and get it over with! :o)))))
think he might be a Sheffield united fan (certainly leaked a few against your boys)
Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. Food. FOOD!! Can you tell I like food?
No Satchel, Shawn Smith and very little Brad.
civil war reenactors
Can't deny that I want you, but I'll lie if I have to.
..working on electro dance music....oh yeah...
I'm not. Just a little. Lol
Dear Aramis...u r not playing for Scrubs. Two outs come before three!
same haha text me
I love these office reruns
It's good to be luggage.
"Kidnapping" is such a strong word. I like to think of it as "Surprise Adoption".
My dad came home with ice cream but I couldn't eat it what is wrong with me
You have to have your heart in the business and the business in your heart
Today I planned trips to #Portland, Hunt Valley, #Harrisburg, and #Hoboken. This will be a good year to meet folks and learn new ideas.
so much fun tho!
so where u from
If i make it thru this hour nd 15 mins with no parking ticket ill be very happy.. great thing is i can watch my car from my classroom window
4 Letter Word ~ L.O.V.E
Kill them with kindness
Ira will be on WGN Chicago at 11:30 talking about Voices of the Future, tune in!
I c ur future. Lesbian Prostitute. And u have a record of going to jail. :). Im good at this game. Go get a fucKin life
Thanks dewd. Appreciate it.
Thank you Rebuilding Together and Gilead Sciences for your #Service project at Spruce School in South San Francisco today! You inspire.
my besties did it! NOW ORDER ORDER ORDER!
how I remember the great birthday food at TP (Holiday team)
Seriously. Stop adding me to Lyme Disease Facebook groups. Ugh, I want no part of it. (FB)
Despite the major curve ball life's thrown me in the last few days, I'm happier in this moment, right now, than I have been in a long time.
Build, Transform, Secure, and Consume
DM Would you be open to a meeting regarding being a national digital academia spokeswoman. We are making it affordable to all.
Woke up super early! Pretty weird cuz I'm home alone haha
RT : Empowering people to soar should be at the core of every
lol thanks, next time you go there can you check what day I start
Yay! Hope you enjoy reading it. cc:
A2.write WHY it inspires you when you talk about WHAT inspires you-If you add ur POV it will be an original story!
I should prob censor myself a little more on here, but that just wouldn't be me. Never apologetic, Always kickin ass!
I think I'm bipolar...
Wishing everyone a healthy and happy holiday with family and friends!
hard-working and talented family. will definitely see the film.
Interesting idea.. Maybe have a two scores? One dictated by how people describe you and the other is that person's hard test score
MAGIC MIKE will be so very difficult to watch. BUT I WILL MUSCLE MY WAY THROUGH IT.
WORD SCRAMBLE WEDS: This actress stars as the evil queen in an upcoming Snow White rendition. CTZLEIAOERRHHN
Thank you for all the #FF's !
Im soo ready for this game today(:
I just realized I don't think I can go a week without going to Walmart lol
Doing research this week on flipping the classroom for social studies classes. Has anyone done it?
Exactly! Who knew that even knows what golf is?
clearly they live in werner herzog's house.
ps. GET OUT OF BELLWOOD!!! That's all. Love ya'
On the way to Brazil, Indiana!
Life is not about getting through the storms, but about dancing in the rain
sorry we missed it! Sounds awesome.
Normal Girls: ''Movie night with my boyfriend.'' Me: "Watching my boyfriend's videos on YouTube."
Come by Tonight for Half Off All Wine Bottles on our List! Happy Thanksgiving to everyone!
So glad to see the people of #Greece shunning Golden Dawn. Just say no to Nazis!
You don't need to go on a stupid diet to get thin
They are giving ABDC6 justin bieber crying
Yay! I'll see you in Dallas! RT Dallas for the weekend!!!
RT : Worrying simplification of marxist feminism by Span @
yes of course!
I Cant Deal With Fakers
#smbmad she is inspiring. we agree!
please do! I'm lost lol smh
Happy New Year!
All acting is pretending not to pretend.
On the phone with my amazing boyfriend Jarett <3
Follow & RT for your chance to win a VIP table TONIGHT at the newest hotspot! Hosted by !!
check yourself before you wreck yourself.
The weather is so off today
August 30th is the deadline for Artist & Venue matching.The venue list is available at www.ghartwalk.com
Mom, I'm bored, what should I do? "Clean your room." Nevermind..
When we put the focus on overcoming our own sin,we have a lot less time to focus on the faults of others
The first 5 people to show our bartender Dan a photo of themselves at Ward's Irish Fest booth gets a FREE shots of Jameson!
Isn't he great? I wondered why dinner wasn't waiting for me when I got home. Thanks a lot!
When are your spring quarter classes/seminars and where do you host them?
You've been here in this state long enough to get used to these roads.
.. I changed this pic like a week and a half/ 2 weeks ago. Your behind brah
TREE INFO- Now is the time for bronze birch borer control. If you have birch trees look up "bronze birch borer'. They're pretty bad!
“: Too young for marriage, too old for games and too smart for players....”
Seeking for Custodian in the Tampa Bay area
Nazr Muhammed, who tweeted that he has a 50" in the living room, but they were in the kitchen for the food. Lol
On Wisconsin indeed! Let me know if you post the haikus anywhere on the Web and I'll link them from BadgerHaiku.com. Tnx!
hey check your twitter messages now..
I Love You muawh *blows a kiss*
Cal Tjader's lesser-known follow up album?
Na its a preview for the new one
physically molly whoppin, triggers probably poppin.
Wrong. Brust received a special exemption due to a coaching change at IA. BT rules prevent transfer w/in conf.
Bethesda Catering Open House at 930AM - Get your favorite hoagie and a cold Puck's to watch some Puck later!
yu from nashville ???
Initial plot premise that was moved away from rather earlier, revisited in Modern Warfare only to transition from it.
I'm in Palo Alto on advanced training 4 our software & giving our team an overview of the integration with advanced #analytics & predictive
I'm Falling Asleep
“: Great meeting you in DC last week! See you at #SHRM2012?” yes can't wait for
#goodmorning to my Shaun :) good talk last night! Thanks again for talking whenever I need a close friend:)
Not that I'm aware of, but we adopted Google apps for our email and whatnot.
thanks for sharing that with me. That will really help me with my project.
All i feen izza queen in my PRESENCE
Never been happier to see Brodeur win a hockey game.
Good Morning Good Morning to you!
I have many abilities, but literal rainmaking is not among them.
O______O RT : That's interesting. This year's Pulitzer Prize in fiction: NO AWARD.
My Q: Wondering how much prefrontal cortex should physicians who tweet have? My A: Just enough.
now Giuliani concerto and Bach Ciaccona for Bethlehem Bach Fest: wild cadenzas for Giuliani: use Db major and Bbminor in 2 cadenzas Movt I
Welcome to February! How did January 2011 treat you?
I don't get it. At all.
at least we dont have to play him twice this year...
that's cool with me
Wish I couldd just go
Thanks for posting the CDL link so I wouldn't have to find it myself!
Hey Reed, Are you going to watch Ringer?
Got lunked doing calves, neck, and forearms at pf today with
Let your soul/ be your body
i hope you all do move here i miss my big brothers lol
baking brownies...because it's monday :)
Work like you don’t need the money, love like your heart has never been broken, and dance like no one is watching.
Soul Searching!
TY! A very big star is reading right now to possibly direct the film. Fingers, toes and eyes crossed.
Wish i culd join that sounds relaxing //RT : Its a nice day so imma take a nap in the backyard.
I feel like I could fall asleep, but when I try my body fights to stay awake. Is this what being in limbo feels like?
god mod
Sunday, May 23 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest, Jim Dreaver | Author, Speaker | Listen: latalkradio.com | Channel 1
This is not good: Wednesday Nov 2nd, 2011 8:41 PM : Two #OccupyOakland protesters hit by car, possibly on purpose. One has reportedly died.
Manus in Mano => Hand in hand
RT I can respect yu more if yu juss be real! that otha shit is for the birds!
Its Work Monday & Tuesday . Make sure to tune in ABC at 8 & Vote for William Levy on Dancing with the Stars . ......Soon to see him :)
It's not a good thing, but it's not a bad thing either...not trippin.
On the way to deerfield beach
I hate getting hit on. It makes me feel so fucking gross.
Tron 3D...in the man cave...FTW!
#FF lunch goers: Nice mtg/ seeing you all & thx Sunny for hosting
I don't call out assholes on twitter often, but this deserves it. “: Kurt Cobain committed suicide. Did he play football?”
Honestly I didn't eat that much but I am #SuperBowl #stuffed. #racquetball tomorrow.
oh shit that's tomorrow?
You just want me cause i'm next .
: today's Fantasy Focus was comedy gold good work
Using my nervous energy to good use, my apartment will never be cleaner
. RT In honor of Sendak,If you cld have one children's book illustration or page signed/framed, what would it be?
hey man i really like your stuff..id like 2 chat with you about working together email me
Thanks! I just got to functional this morning.
So your for sure comin home???
Wow. RIP Whitney Houston. Such a tragic loss of such an amazing talent. Sad.
Research proposal. Done.
"Under my plan, if you like the dog you have - you can eat him."
So, um, my mother has volunteered me to design a website for a community garden that's just starting out.
In my eyes, Ryan Braun is about as innocent as Mark Chmura was. That said, go Brewers.
When you're hot you're hot... and when you're not you're not. That's the definition of.... Hollywood. =)
What are you up to these days? Ever hire overseas outsourcees? I'm looking for a solid article and content writer/rewriter.
these people man is just puttin that extra drive in myself that I need!!!
Cozette says "Don't forget to #tweet what #book you're #reading today for #fridayreads!" Meow!
haha that's funny
I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of you. About time, the world needs to hear your voice!
yeah & tea afterr:) x
Woo! Have a great day! > “: Wishing luck on his first day at a new job! #welcomehome”
Omg hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. You're so perfect stevie lol
The things you hate about yourself are usually the things other people wish they had.
is attending the ABA webinar Deconstructing US v. Stevens. Crush video filmmakers and watchers are so sick.
Seriously tho, excited to put out some quality tunes.
Big year for Hart Crane. Inducted into the NYS Writers Hall of Fame on June 5th & celebrated by James Franco in film, The Broken Tower
Thank you for quoting me. If you get a chance check out my video on starch at www.yestocookies.com home page.
Happy Birthday to may God bless you to live and see more and I wish you many blessings on your day big sister loves you
What #Milwaukee area #nonprofits and #charities do you support? We're always on the lookout for great causes so let us know who ur favs are!
Who's planning on doing some Spring Cleaning this weekend?
done your turn :)
"Dog Bites"...they're on the White House hors d'ouvres menu. Served with arugula aoli.
practice makes perfect. Put that song on repeat and get crunk.
I will fuck a bitch up over my mama fucking family or night I dnt give 2 fucks she had me nt u hoe
Word. RT : Just a heads up: A trans woman isn't 'becoming a woman'. She's a woman already. Huge support for
great Christmas spirit by giving those tickets, glad u stayed with GB, cant wait to see u on field next year, CLASS ACT
I have a bottle of miracle spray from Terminix. Think I went overboard - used it all in one go!
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true. <U+E328> 43
how come i dont see ass clown on the bench? Or is he and i just cant see him.
Why am I here
if our catalog died the whole consortium would go down...*shudder*
"God knows what you've been doing, everything you've been doing. You may fool me, but you can't fool God!" - The Great Gatsby,
PB&J, Stuffed Green Peppers, French Toast, Rectangle Pizza, & Tater tots are some of #MyFavoriteFoods What about you?
I saw a dead fish on the road when I went running
May the fourth be with you. Droids would make excellent technical cofounders, right?
It would be a heck of a lot more interesting than what is out there right now.
": #Gemini never listens to when their body says enough is enough. Therefore, they fuck all night long." Stop spying on me :0
good day, mate(:
Reed made Sveum look like a genius with that PH.
Thanks , the new colors represent #YouthDevelopment, #HealthyLiving and #SocialResponsibility!
Statistics is starting to get worse. I'm 98% confident that I hate stats.
I just scratched my cats belly and I think I accidently took off one of his nipples
DYK? Violette Anderson- 1st Woman of color to practice law before the US Supreme court is a member of Z PHI B ..
well thanks! preciate you swingin by :)
Twitter Townhall in a few minutes with
AAAAHHHHH!!!! Got the new seventeen with the section of !!!!! I'm so excited!!!!! I need more thumb ravks for my wall
creepy dude
I bet! I have plans tonight already or I would.. have fun :)
well u know I'm all blues and we hate united. Nice FA title title yesterday huh? Next up champions league.
you're special. (:
true. just watch though the #Devils do the same thing later in the series and get called for a penalty
Romney victim of bullying for being forced to explain his vicious assault on suspected gay kid.
are you booked for anything Friday September 30?
It's hotter than a hoochie's coochie!
Creatives aren't meant to be together. We sit on the edge of mental stability and ineptitude to make things that ppl enjoy.
RT : CW Head asking for minimum design standards for housing citywide so we can "refuse trailers without wheels."
That was just perfect! You did great, on #BieberOnTheVoice <33
No doubt! Thanks for being an integral part of
Yes, we WILL still be having our typical Wednesday Night Party Night tonight at the White House. The schedule has not changed
that awesome moment when retweets you & follows you when you don't expect it. #mademyday <21
ive been listening to for days now, along with and ....i love my playlist lol
so do you have a bf lol
I need to hurry up and get off work before I beat this kid ass
Over half the family sick with sinus issues and on meds. Hopefully we all get feeling better soon.
lol no prob! Just wanted to check in! That reminds me, I need to hand over my life to .. ermm .. someone? lol
Ending spring break with an exciting match of #cricket, India's victory over Pakistan & Kohli's brilliant performance!
I ask her if we can go buy some food and she tells me know. Then she gets mad at me when I make the simplest of things in large quantities
Thanks for the recent follows!
History will be made!
I think we're at capacity!!! Remember, we're looking for another theatre space for June. Let us know if you have connections
I liked that performance.
Me and just might have compared our friends to old social networks. Hint
me too! Me too!
lottery or plane tickets?
Brew Crew couldn't get it done tonight, but I'll be in the house to watch em win it on Friday!
Way too much mascara and way too much glitter nail polish. Plus a bow on my head. Ready to do Busan right.
Florida weather is nicer and I am working on my tan
@ jimmyblake Those murlocs are nothing but trouble!!!
our student group is trying to change our education system....thanx for coming to speak to us about your work!
I was very glad to finally see her perform in person! And such a nice gal too.
it's super fantastic now that you're a part of it, my sweet angel rebeka. and how was your day, dear?
#bowermanmile #preclassic let's go make #us proud!!!
Hi, Shannon! TFF!
Lmao RT : Why would the news lady ask the glr waiting for THE BUS about a parking ticket????????!!!!!
'Bout time to call it a night | Catch us next time | 11-7 Weds-Sat & 11-5 Sundays. Community members doing for themselves, keeping it local.
I'm proud of all my lil niggas that kept they head on skraight and bout to graduate y'all kno who y'all are, love y'all niggas no homo
Wow. Reminds me of Bob Horner with #Braves, in mid-80s RT : Josh Hamilton with the 14th four-homer game in MLB history.
very well thanks!!
Thanx, Broadview, for once again providing crappy broadband service. No phone no internet!
The value of ABA is that learners do things that they currently arent. Once they do and have a positive experience they will more often.
Wonder if will take gold in
AceHood yummy I mean really
very but I hate heights so I'm missing half the fun
I don't know what's worse, that I can hear my neighbor having sex with her bf or that it consistently seems to stop after 1 min
thanks Lee!
OMG HII :D ,sup?
Starting up some research for LeaderLabyrinth: What does the concept of "mindfulness" mean for you? How do you define/think...
I feel sick forreal.
can't wait for the auto-tuned version.
off to Paris for a a 1-day meeting of the Forum d'Avignon Board
I got the best compliment the other day. Someone said I had a "proper" New York accent.
follow NOW
We just confirmed our first gig since May and our first gig with new our frontman! December 10th, Paradise Skatepark, Merritt Island!!!
i know. i hope it will be a better show but you never know what to expect with Anton. at least i saw a few of the good ones!
Darn it!! No more on #CupcakeWars. Time to change the channel.
for game strategy? Throw together at one person...
- underwater love
love you to <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
is lunching with Mumsie.
Remember - you can choose either 20% off your whole order (Code: FABFEB) or free shipping (FABFREESHIP) now thruw Feb 28th!
thanks. I'll give them a try.
#Cincinnati is who we thought they are!
#Gators win ALC Championship. Congrats from the #GatorNation!
really? Cos it looks bad here in West Bloomfield “: The severe thunderstorm watch for SE Michigan has expired. #miwx”
Gonna go die. K cool fuck you.
He's gonna get a triple-double tonight.
Because you have to endure Battleship first. Rules are rules.
phew what a relief!! I had a horrible attack once. I think it was gall bladder but doctors never knew for sure.
meanwhile being 2 payments behind on our mortgage cause my grandmother is expecting my parents to dig her out of the hole she has dug
when you attack a-holes, you attack my profession
Rap scallions! So that's what those oniony weeds are... I need either a goat or for Caleb to come over to harvest.
Those project are always compelling and interesting, something about a still shot that speaks so differently then film.
The fray makes me happy<3
WVU hasnt made a shoot in OT besides FT
with all the grammar nazi's out there, that is definitely surprising - maybe its the crowd you're running with? Ha!
aren't they headed to Texas too though???
Jaelle.. you know your gonna comeback. admit it.
thanks for covering the #co_ffcalendar event tonight at 's ladies get down here!
lol beat boxing in the car with >>>>>>
damn cud I eat 1st!!!! And I read it wrong my fault
awh your welcome and so are you! (:
Thanks for the follow ! Don't forget about the Alumni Orientation with on Wednesday at 7:00 pm in MGC 200.
- Can you DM me or send me an email address? Wanted to keep you in the loop on Arnette & others. Craig W has my email too.
Spot trending now in Des Plaines, IL: Berghoff Cafe. Terminal C - American (live updates)
Fish pedicures the weirdest feeling ever.
I just paid $25 for the worst. breakfast. ever.
The falls were so amazing. I definitely need to go back and spend a day or so.
He needa quit hanging up on me thoughh .
Let's do it! X
key problem is the materiality keeps us from seeing virtual as real. Ontological or cognitive challenge?
had a great time at rubas b-day party!!!
Be strong now , things will get better. It may be storming now, but it can't rain forever <3
Following the Prop 8 court proceedings via Twitter: &
sometimes blood ain't thicker than water...thank God for Jesus!
They sent an email about it to people with accounts on April 18th.
Heard dat from the man himself. “: Peoples. Derby party at BERNIES on saterday (sandvball + bar). Be there or be square.”
where u bm me if u still in bama X
Ohio Special Services Group - Proven, Tested, Trusted, contact us today!
no broom stick to pound on the wall? Just kidding. I'm glad this girl didn't try to volunteer at our org...
Loll i see u gusy are really nervous because of the tix :'D good luck to all of u :)
IT IS NOT BAD, mushy and taylor (covington, I can't think of their twitter names) went with us last time
Just got a delightful candy gram from OSU. It said "Thank You!!!" seven times. I love prime numbers, and they know this.
No they certainly are not. They haven't been the same since Holtz left. My question is always (cont)
Listening to Chuck Prophet "No Other Love" from soundtrack P.S. I Love You ...
Taking the residency pretty literally today. Whole Machine staff will be here in 1 hr, crammed in Director’s office.
sorry for beiong away during the last month. Schedule has been enormous, but back now and ready to go. Much love to all my peeps
“Nail polish makes nails look good; fluoride varnish helps keep teeth looking good by preventing cavities.”
Actually Wolfgang but I can't find him on the agenda.
com/builder-and-remodeler-marketing-webinar
chaneling : "Access to publicly funded research should be a human right"
" " haha what has the world come to?... this guy's giving a "talk".
I'm Tiredd ! Well Time To Hop Into Bed! Hopefully Twitter Doesn't Keep Me On For Another Hour(:
I'll upload it.
Jeffrey's lightning mojito - rum, soda, fresh mint, agave nectar, sugar in the raw, fresh strawberries and a packet of emergen-c raspberry!!
Created a cool GoogleMaps retailer locator in php/mysql and some practical back office functionality for a current customer.
I really need to learn to say NO!!!!!
NASA&#39;s Human Spaceflight Programs: From Space Shuttle To The Future
They should've called this the Herman Cain Self-Destruction Bowl.
We want to marry you!
called u the other day
Overcame my addiction and finally deleted words with friends. Now I can focus on more important things, like developing a meth addiction
Ken Burns new film on DB is coming in Nov , website should launch this summer
Wishing we brought #beardsoup biz cards to the Octopus Project show at tonight, crowd is looking pretty beardy!
love the new album! I haven't stopped listening to it since I got it! "Everyone left" makes the morning drive to work bearable!
is trying to figure out twitter....all the kids are doing it
Come to the Book signing today SAT 09/17 at WALGREENS - Fairfax CITY, Virginia 1100 AM to 100 PM
yeah, even thinking gotta hurt with them joints.
About to hit the pool!
I wonder what Mitt Romney will have to say about MCA.
any particular field or position?
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune - Jim Rohn. Keep smiling,
loved last nights episode can t wait til a new season of #khloeandlamar starts!! love ya khlo please RETWEET!!
YES! MT : Todays union isn’t about protecting the avg worker, it’s about protecting the progressive movement in America
I feel elderly.
After about the 20th drop, It's a miracle my iPhone isn't shattered by now <U+263A>
anything pretty much.
Always be an encourager & stay constant in sharing your magnificent gifts with others:) Some days this will be tested~~
The rain is starting! Be safe driving home everyone.
I'm willing to bet that Bama is left out. And when we do rematch those kids from YSU, you need to shoot better than 20% haha
Sorry for the late reply. We added the tots and mac & cheese a couple months ago!
Follow me back! is a Awsome account related to Watch porn online!:*
My pleasure! I hope you find something good! :D
shocked to pull out a quarter from my purse and it is for the U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS. hm, what do you think? Have you seen this
Happy #veterans day
Learning about small business taxes. I want my side hustles to be legitimate!
Can't wait for tomorrow to see Celtic Woman for the fourth time, it's going to be amazing :)
r u guys going??
I never get enough sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Victory for fairness and "new day for families" seeking a better life says Catherine Lhamon of
Q&A: Annie McClanahan points out that the weight-to-space ratio for dogs in kennels is much more humane than the prison system.
that sounds about right. I'll save myself the trouble and watch some girly shows with the girl roommate. #theblazerway?
Bought some capri leggings and they aren't very capri on me!
Am about to cross the 1,000 followers mark! Please RT if you explicitly want me to fail!
let's both move out n live downtown. K great :)
Merry Christmas Y'all Hope everyone has a blessed Christmas with their fam Lets not forget to say a prayer for our troops to come home safe
OneDayMyWorld'llEntwine w/Greyson's,we'llHoldHandsInTheSandByTheTireSwing,we'llWait outside the lines,but I NEVER want him to unfriend me :)
dude don't delete it! How else is gonna mention u when we rock ur joints on air?!
the girl who was kidnapped and kept for 18 years
This puzzle is so hard
Say it like it is! "Every single band in the world has these gigantic songs that people are obsessed with." - Bach
OkAy eVeRybodY i gtg hit the road so ...cya with all my luv (*)
book and super hero related roleplaying games.
There is no way kU should get a number 1 seed in the NCAA tourney in front of
Tonight KLUSOZ NIGHTCLUB THE OFFICIAL AFTER PARTY FOR THE TASTE OF NEW ORLEANS SOUNDS MY PARTYBOYDJZ DJ KENZO
Can't wait 2 hear about it! Bummed I'm missing out. I was planning 2 go, but class got changed to ALL DAY today!
Everyones life is precious.
Tune in tonight to 's Friday Night Flava. Got some fresh new music on my mix along with rest of 106 Mastermixers!
RT : So....this counts as Obama auditioning for "Glee", right?
The body's oil is the better oil for the hair.
Yo if Sessions is gonna be this useless then they may need the play Ebanks more.
thanks for the RT, greatly appreciated.
I am fucked. Rose wine you whore.
you didn't see it?
Not to worry! You can see if your local public library has Mango or you can purchase our downloadable product!
you can call me :)
boyfriend is going to be amazing. My friends and I are staying up so we can be awake for the release.(:
Wanna go out :(
Thank you for the follow. I am now following you in return. :-) EFosterJohnson, TeamCashBilz, OsloLive, HANGARdesignUSA, CutThemCoupons,
I just got 4 teeth removed.. can I get a get well? or Feel better?<U+2665>..
Your ponytail is doing a wheelie.
we need to get to join us!
It's damn near 5 in the morning and I'm up having a conversation with Siri -_- I'm THAT bored!
Long hot showers >
Thanks for the tweet...enjoy our sites
especially if it's blackened...KNOWWHATIMSAYIN!?
true but they really should have won though
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. Lao Tzu Go and grow!
RT: How'd you like to learn the secrets to creating a multiple award winning one woman show? Join R live stream April 4th @ 8 P.M. EST
Boo did I scare ya follow
I loved Goober, and Gomer too. Grew up with those guys
Polo Drawers n Jordan Socks....lol
lol. Aw, I love you. Also, I saw your friend Kat K yesterday. It was Greg's bday.
Angela Bassett has some like ultra gorgeous brown skin!!
do i get my money back cause i only bought for you :(
do u know off the top of your head what division/group he's with? i've got two friends over there..
Dad: "who got kicked off the voice?" Me: "you did-____-" Dad: "thanks"
I crushed ur heart once again I'm sorry cant sleep can't breathe knowing how I hurt u twice in one year at that know that I still love u
It doesn't feel good to hear the truth
I'll probably give out shout outs tomorrow to new followers :)
smh= suck my honey
I wasn't sure either plus I had my disguise on #readingglasses :)
It must be the hair was still too "Zach like" not the mechanic. I'll give you one of <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>I'm on your side
Why can't you?
So true!! RT : There are no promises in the modelling industry.
I covered longs. Going to let dust settle. AUDJPY USDJPY
More Final Lock Results: Yankees W, Indians W, Blue Jays L, Tigers L...6-3 so far. Only Dodgers left! About to go 7-3! HUGE NIGHT!
In 1985, a confrontation between Philadelphia authorities and the radical group MOVE ended as police dropped a bomb onto the group's row
I'm wearing my crazy boots today, yay!
#Panforte? Not sure I understand that name but sure I'd like to try. Current favorite for my training rides is chocolate chip.
Seems like Pepsi is trying too hard to leverage XFactor sponsorship w/ #SBXLVI.Love simplicity of Coke/American Idol activation
hey you, yeah you...your a pretty cool kid :)
thanks bru! will be in BK a decent amount this summer, hope to catch up and raise a glass
In line for ipad and it's raining. 1hr 10 to open. About 50 in line so far. Expected it would be far worse.
ur right i need to increase my lingo vocab lol... too much prep school inspiration...
I think I'm inlove with you.
And now I'm off to buy it. Note: when I do my solo record, I'm pulling a and writing it in
Nothing screams PUT ME ON TV like "I haven't made up my mind yet."
Happy Birthday!
Everytime I come to Milwaukee it dont be shit to do
On the cokeboys 3 flow for the night
a river cuts through a rock, not because of its power but because of its persistence.
Just taking a relaxing weekend at the lake outside of Lago Vista. Bit of a staycation...but totally excited : )
OMG Mona Fell
Follow Friday! All American Heroes G.I
HI! What are your store hours on Easter Sunday?
Today: Washington DC Conference on Skilled Labor: Conditions for Growth - www.rgit-usa.com at the Newseum.
Going to Columbia... #text me!(:
JPS student brings BB gun to school - WAPT Jackson
Beyonce named 'World's Most Beautiful Woman' – The Marquee ...
#Kentucky all the way!
Finally solved android logo quiz - and nothing happens...
What u doing
It's one of, if not my FAV #babson tradition! Enjoy! Have a tater tot for me :)
I'd be willing to share, I'm not greedy. :)
teaching Nothing But the Truth by Avi this fall... any projects/lesson plan ideas to share?
WHAT! So are they going to be #1 this year? I HOPE NOT!! D:
thats what you get for not goin with d-lo
Not over The Twitter. Not enough characters to properly explain.
Meanwhile, S&P's sovereign debt team miscalculated US debt by as much as $2tn when it downgraded America's credit rating last August
Kimya show was perfect. Played all the cuts and left everyone in the room feeling better about life. Perfect end to my time at the foundry.
Good morning! 5 more days until my wedding. Let the sleepless nights begin...
North or South?
"i'm high up in the sky, i'm on like 4 planes".. Um sorry but that's not scientifically possible sir...
awesome. Thanks again for visiting!
Hope everybody had a MERRY CHRISTMAS & for all our jewish fans, a HAPPY HANUKKAH!!!
Still stings...
the nights where usit there with the 1who means the world 2 u for hours on end, those are the nites that u would never 4get and never change
HAPPY FALL BREAK!!! We knw embark on 10 glorious days of no school (for the kids at least)
Kawhi Leonard starting in Sacramento! Pretty cool I must say
Reading this tweet + breathing = A gift... Be grateful for the little things today and you'll see what difference it makes.
I will be stronger, faster, and leaner this month than I was the month before
Everything that shines ain't always gonna be gold.
So mad muhh camera on muhh computer it is so not working
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 36
- I'm a Capricorn!!! Thank you Christ :-) I'm smiling :-)
“The best way to keep children at home is to make the home atmosphere pleasant, and let the air out of the tires.”
I'm gonna have "Drop The World" stuck in my head all day
"His Satanic Majesty ..." appears to be an early version of *Yellow Back Radio Broke Down* in verse! Awesome! #totalassaultontheculture!
thanks for following my bestfriend it meant so much to her. Your like her biggest inspiration and crush in the whole world
Try Aqua Bamboo and Spa on Kuhio Ave, see the www.sharinghawaii.com Hawaii travel guide for HI info and tips.
Reporting the news...Thnx for the comment though.
This breaks my heart! If you would shoot me DM I would be happy to process a refund for you.
Great job today !
Evidence is pointing to the closing of as the cause for the darkened skyline because, like America, Boston runs on Dunkin.
I had rice for dinner, am I cool yet?
do you know which radio station they'll broadcast it on?
Also, Kelly is playing today! We almost went too!
homemade mac n cheese #fat boy
The Chevy #Volt gains traction in the EV market...
How can the black-and-whites look *that* much better than the color frames? *Shakes head*
congratulations to your wife! How are you celebrating it?:)
Never won, though he should have.
RT : Holy crap this caller on #Rush is an idiot >sad that there is ppl like this stealing our oxygen!!!
u on?
#MCA and #Fuentes both gone almost within a week of each other. Two writers that forever changed me, albeit at different moments in my life
I couldn't even hear him....This announcement needed subtitles. At least Amile picked Duke and not State
Chinese for dinner SOON!!!
I always think I could just lounge and watch TV indefinitely, but day 3. I'm done.
my #FF bud, thanks so much!
My knee just made a loud pop sound!!
Your brain shall be your servant instead of your master: you will rule it instead of allowing it to rule you.~Charles E. Popplestone
I'm there bro
You know that I 'd refuse to chop all my hair off.
Happy Birthday :) Hope you had an amazing day at Austin's concert ! <3
you have a smart mom and a heroic dad! Aren't you just lucky. Lol. #GoArmy!
I was sleeping. Hangs tonight?
yes- I especially dislike the third team, the refs.
I love you that's all logging off just wanted to say that :->
James Franco has White Tiger Blood and Madonna's DNA.
thanks joe! Glad you had a good time!
RT : From a #FoundingFather's pen. Letter from George Washington to Alexander Hamilton on March 4, 1783:...
Clinic Price REDUCED!!! Register to reserve your spot.
lol I was just saying the same thing
I'm for "Midnight In Paris" winning Best Picture at The Academy Awards!
Good Morning I had some pretty wild dreams last night. I was so relieved to wake up and realize that they never happened. Phew!
fuckk, i cant wait for my novela tomorrow.
Thank goodness. I'm loving me some Cissy right now.
Not all comments require a #comeback or #false laughter... sometimes it's just #good to listen and enjoy someone else's opinions.
Follow for real tips and dope pics!!!
Great win my dudes. Keep pops in the 1's
So many happy people trading their old gold in for CASH coming in and out of our store this week! What would you do with that extra money?!
briefs! And only briefs! #rockoutwithyourcockout!!!
Yes of course! Glad to see you tweeting, enjoy your day! :)
Great training today! Mixed in jiu jitsu and MMA. Keep up the good work.
Also serving pollo sofrito, al pastor and barbacoa. So come to union station and warm up with our delicious chicken tortilla soup.
#RIP60 class tonight at Accolade Fitness SOUTH from 5:30-6:30pm. Your first class is FREE! 1785 S 8th St
speech is dull.
I consider those people disgusting.
Happiness is getting upgraded on the flight to #Vegas. Thx Nailed it!
Hello Brie, thanks for following us back!
the calls to deal him for howard start up again?
Foozball, better than coffee to get the morning started!
The bold and the brave have this in common a fearless heart which is equivelant to the swinging sword of a giant against his foes.
I miss my little Jenny from the block
Satan called......he wants his weather back!
going to shoot another silly video this morning, possibly featuring the Return of Super Sam Sessa, in honor of Comic-Con. want an autograph?
From a fan, describing a conversation with her three-year-old. Son: I want some pie! Mom: What kind of pie? Son: 3.14!
Lol. That's a bummer. If you get 3 #'s you get $3. That's the most I ever won. Maybe next time!
Thx Tammy! We all miss May he RIP
"I've decided that the worst seat in this place is right behind Aztec Gino." - My girlfriend
u know that's right! We gonna party it up today! Lol
I wish! Maybe we can do a discount on dues, but we had to repair a pool leak so funds a problem
If your labeled as a lazy ass and you already know that. Why don't you get your lazy ass up and step up to the plate for once!!!!!!!!!
u done already?
Thank you and I will RT
Ugh this weather makes me wanna take a million showers..
So you can post status's and pictures on facebook, but you can't text me back?
Just a ate a sandwich piled high with swine
Just because i love my job doesn't mean you can say hurtful words
I'd expect an emphasis on innovation. Obama is not a Gingrich-ish name dropper, but Steve Jobs will likely be mentioned. And Bin laden
Raising awareness for at-risk children in our community this month...follow
Hell yeah. Make a drum video. I'd like to see it!
Bizarre foods makes me happy I don't eat meat. :)
LOL That's how I make my living! I build and sell lenses.
#albumintros "Sympathy for the Devil" Beggar's Banquet, "Immigrant Song" LZ I, "Once" Ten, "Don't Stop Til You Get Enough" Off The Wall.
It would be interesting to know how much #DeadliestCatch paid to have a plug on
Police vans surrounding Liberty Square.
homework time :S
the 17th at Sawgrass. i'm saying that you can do things like green or bust if it's a par3
SUEDE Lounge Tonight FREE (Complimentary) Skyy Vodka and Pyrat Rum 9pm-10:30pm - NO COVER
#SO to my Sis and a friend and a person that needs to hmu.! (: #500th tweet(:
RT : Gym shorts and a tshirt = summer attire
merry Christmas!!!
The etrade baby seems like a chill bro.
A zip and a double cup, im gettin high as fuck.
I struck a blow for equality--saw Bridesmaids. Women not unfunny.
Going to do the grown up and make a phone call.
finally joined the revolution.. now let's see if I actually tweet more than once a month
going out in fell's tonight. wouldn't be the first time I drank in a bar full of Japanese Navy sailors.
looking forward to driving you!
nice work on #DWTS you were robbed by the judges. My husband even voted (that's NEVER happened before)
We all have the responsibility to make ourselves heard at every level of gov't. Starts with being informed, speaking out & voting.
hmm tempting.... RT : Officer applications EXTENDED! We are still looking for Secretary & Fundraising Coord. applicants.
you headlines soon will be local pop singer gets sued and a criminal investigation against his management.
Proposing sessions at #evillebouncecamp via text. Can't take a picture of my phone because phone is my only camera.
thanx for the favorite!
More power to you!
Quality is never an accident. It is always the result of intelligent effort. - John Ruskin
"Love is something more stern and splendid than mere kindness." — C.S. Lewis
Looks like the Bucks are following our idea. Both Jennings and Bogut are now on the trading block.
Thank You For The Retweet!
next time i go to ice house, ima chuck a mysterious ziplock bag to you during your set, you'll know...
RT : BREAKING: NATO says a bomb has killed 3 service members in eastern Afghanistan.
Fear is faith that it won't work out. ~Sister Mary Tricky
All happiness depends upon a leisurely breakfast. John Gunther
So, definitely the best part about coming home is the piano. Worst part is the coffee.
Looks so good!!! I'll be right there!
. what's the #1 sales mistake using linkedin? And how do you best write your profile to maximize sales?
Well, #Apple did fullscreen on multiple monitors correctly on at least one app on #MacOSX #Lion… QuickLook.
doesn't look like u can take control away from MAMP Pro. Maybe just use MAMP and handle everything yourself?
it's all good my brother, do you from Nellas Mr. Chu...
RT : Both & say they will play tomorrow night.
But you say hes just a friend !
Class outside tomorrow!!!! Time for a Gang War aha <3 ;)
lame, it redirects you to the app store on mobile. oh the irony.
"oh shitttt!!! U know it's on when these 2 r out" haha no kidding that's what they tell us
I cant stand this bitch...
Colorado tweeps/writers: MT : I'm speaking Thurs., Fort Collins. Join us! 6-8pm Northern CO Writers Studio, 108 East Monroe Dr.
Slacker 2011 premiere has a red carpet and paparazzi. Lookin legit, Austin.
no it's like brown!
<U+0094>Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else." --James M. Barrie
I take it you called!
WHAT AN EVENING!!! We had an awesome Kirtan Workshop tonight
last minute tickets? Kelly and Nam are going! meet up with them!
Orton's comp % isnt bad either but it's misleading We leave yards & points on the field b/c the rec'rs have to reach back.
head down &
I sometimes wonder if lives could have been saved in Syria if the US had made a better case with Iraq.
Television and Motion Picture Studios sponsor their performers, legacy brands sponsor the event, who is going to sponsor you?
Blizzard: Most pro maintenance game developers ever, JK, Super Mario World had better realm maintenance.
Haunted? Tell the story! RT : Idk why you guys like the #UNCC library..it's the worst place for studying and it's haunted.
LOL, now THAT was classic. Don't worry, Jen and I are workin' on a diff day perhaps, so it can make more sense
It's our pleasure!
Anyone in the Austin area sew clothes without a pattern?
I think might be the smartest kid I've ever heard speak...19 years old and running a company selling products he developed
RT : Yall make fun of bosh but despreately need that nigga. Heat lookin like chicago
back to work i go
#askObama Ans 12: Tax code changes: eliminate jet loop holes, oil drilling subs, tax rates back to Clinton rates for millionaires
Hey Man, went back to Jits yesterday and today, getting back on my program. Starting to cut weight again.
PAST TIME! for all of us to dump him..
im my tickets then like today thank you.
Idaho execution reminds me of poet J Donne 'do not ask for whom the bell tolls, it tolls for thee"
Yyoo good morning pplz. ITS FRIDAY!!! PAYDAY!!!! Well for some ppl its payday...for others....well sounds like a personal 2 me lol, sux 4 u
If I fuck a chick and get a nut call that my AND 1 and if I fuck her from da front call it REDRUM!
#FF You Guys Have A Good Day!
Glad you like it! And Rucca really is! He's an absolute turd. Just wait til you see what we have in store. The plans are cool.
how many times are you going to watch that movie?
Good Luck!
I just need to stop thinking about it. Rawr.
- love your background picture cuz....I'm a Walker Texas Ranger fan!
rt "The true testament of character is now how you act on your best days, it's how you act on your worst."
Getting ready for some
Why must I get hungry at this time??
sorry my phone died -_-
There will be a Mobile Vet. at the Ice House tonight at 8 pm. Bring your dogs! Also Movie Night. See you there!
Thanks for the shout-outs and responses
THIS MAN, HAS A POINT! RT : How bout.... All the women twitpic their #shirtoff much better idea, less ayo
Going to Richfield days? Come by AMICI'S! Shane Byrant playing both Friday/Saturday night at 9. And he's back Sunday @ 11 for the parade!
congrats. Let the love affair begin! It's an awesome vacuum!
I cannot believe I missed an opportunity to meet Chad Ochocinco when he was in town playing the Panthers. I love that dude!
I know right gonzaga is too real. Just ask there the love of his life
Up early gettin ready, I can't wait to be wit my family lata
haha thanks! Love you too(:
There are a TON of other bars in the area that have #Belly! & more
I hate lebron but I still think he deserves a ring.. even though he put in the cheat codes to get with that team
The Goodwill trailer flipped and spilled junk all the way across the interstate. Scary.
wants bacon.
Me too! Let's do it.
psyched about training with the gb lads and lasses this avo, tomorrow to support mma and kickboxing novices
do you think they were listening in on our tweeeetz!?!?!?! IS IT SOMEONE WE KNOW!?!?
Freezing in May..:( brrr.
Most players play games at least on their free time, however, an ordinary game playing time can possibly turn out to be an addiction
Nope, I lost it, too.
It was such a let down when didn't show up at my front door on Maybe and I should show up at his!
Whats up man!
Gonna play my guitar till my fingers fall off tonight haha
HAHAHA dying.. at both your tweets. good time last night
The puppies name is Butters, after the character on South Park haha. He is a black Pomeranian
Just got my hair dyed!
daytime TV is pretty bad. I might clean the house today.
Simmons College Radio Air Staff and Managers are presenting Virtual Study Abroad at the 2010 IBS Radio Conference
Realized I listen to The Doors more readily than anyone did back in the '60s when Jim Morrison was still writhing around in leather pants.
Chicken Butt helps #headstart kids read? #nhsaannualconf Come see at 2 and 4 pm - Session # 528 & 527, Governor’s Chamber A!
awe you just made my day :) thanks!
pretty baby!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 59
New Ten launches tomorrow. Who will it be?
your so lucky, i was going to go ziplining in hawaii but i couldnt because i broke my arm :(
yup, always good. still, for idiosyncratic industrial self-mutilation, hard to top welders' ability to achieve corneal sunburn.
--smoking his cigarette. And we just started talking(: He's amazing, hope you're mom let's you!
IF YOU call the President a "THUG", you should not be allowed on the airwaves, media, newspapers, etc. IT'S CALLED RESPECT PEOPLE.
Thank you friend!!
It seems that moving lots of items to and from chests can cause the game to crash. Has happened 3 times now.
I was hangin out at Soho on 22nd and P St.
Hard work indeed pays off but, fuuuuck, it's *hard*
Doin it and doin it and doin it well
I said the same thing it was hard to follow, once the fight between samurai and army blood and swords it was worth 3 of 5 *s
Acting class tonight !!
no way. People are able to type +100 wpm on the iPad. Just takes practice! (we can help)
Ghostface! Catch the blast of a hype verse
yes ma'am.-BH
Just finished watching The Dvil Inside. It was kind of disapionting. :(
I could stalk you right now
"...things musicians do when they are just messing around." Great line i thought. Pretty great stuff, Jeremy!
In 1944 the Red Ball Express provided vital supplies to WWII Front Lines. 18,000 of 23,000 men where African American.
Clap clap
Loving hair!!! To get herfemme fatale look, take sections of hair and wrap around a 1/2 inch curling iron from root to ends:)
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face
There is a strong correlation between marketing and
whateve I know what you were thinking and yo plans didn't come out as planned
April's featured $5 footlong of the month is Bacon Egg & Cheese! It's available ALL DAY :) Breakfast for dinner, anyone?
She cute but ha Brain Ugly..lol.
#Flyers game in an hour! Watching at the Wishing Well today if anyone is in South philly and wants to join.
"Oh my God, I ADORE Santa Barbara" - some guy
Kony 2012. Watch the video and spread the word!!
So glad we have a team. MT “: On days like this, I'm reminded of how pro-13 I am ... LEAVE 13 ALONE! #TeamTriskaidekaphilia”
Today, women from the Georgetown University Law Students for Reproductive Justice are speaking out in favor of Obama WH Contraception Rule.
Follow The hottest Blogger in the game!!!!
- I'm totes with you! night
MAD at this paper cut on my finger!!!!!!!
oops“BR Police Dept. has secured arrest warrants for #LSU QB Jordan Jefferson & LB Joshua Johns for felony 2nd degree battery”
3, 500 followers, we need more, tell a friend to follow us Star Camp Ent and we follow back
Hey guys! Looking to buy a case. I've emailed and called but get no response!
As Mayor I must necessarily follow every requirement and mandate of the law. I cannot do it alone. [1945]
people make me laugh!
He wlill be the next Jim Brown in Cleveland
Thanks for following Tom Shaw Trio!!
The men were shot down at sight, and there wasno avoiding being sighted
I can't imagine. My prayers for everyone. Is it as bad as galveston was after ike? I've never seen tornado damaged areas before
Finished writing Carole Smith profile (port pub school super) told producer dont want 10 min for it...just...4 min. We'll see......
Pretty picture. We live in a gorgeous city.
in Vegas turned up......
#RNG was AMAZING!!! They needa stay...
I'm so glad you like it. If you don't mind, pass the word to any and all you think might be interested.
Interesting. Re-inventing the way election campaigns are run
That's right! Patio dining in October!
Smiling like a fool seeing healy across the potomac. So happy to be back for a great weekend at
Wow! Congrats! Germany = legit.
Challenge now on analysis tools (combining datasets) not platform enhancement (M. Olson)
it was a great post and i found a few gems in there even though I am pretty familiar with SEO. great work!
In GA for SCAD softball camp till Wed.
i would say you are a lucky lady if you have a husband with a penis that big/long
hello i am in a cab in dowtown san fran! my taxi cab driver ruiles
when I'm sick I still go, it's hard but push through it.
I'd love to talk more in-depth to get a feel for how we can ease your email pain. "shorter" and "less" are our goals
#gettingitdone #itseasier #unnecessaryhashtags RT : good to see twitter is the new eBay
3A district baseball: Kelso 1, Hudson's Bay 0. Second game Tuesday postponed
I love you doe~ you're da best drummer ever c':
Aiden and I have already done a speech music C.d. and shoots and ladders.. now to put him on the bus. :)
I'm working now so I have an excuse!
Screw you guys.. I'm goin home
hahahaha this is so true! It's a vicious cycle that I love to partake in.
No chicken biscuits at McDonald's in Cleveland
haha thank ya sir!
Great Post Tami..
Congratulations to you and your family!
Damn, that sounds good...Enjoy!
RIGHT!?!? alsdjkao. they scare me sometimess. BUt i have short friends too tho.(:
you wont be dissapointed.stay tuned for open dates
We are always running for the thrill of it with
Feeling very creative... now which of my many ideas to I work on?
Blazers are giving this away right now. Stop the bleeding!
Another sunny day with highs in the low to mid 50's. Enjoy a beautiful January day!
yeah i don't think i'll be making it to chuckwagon's game tonight...
It's a lot of work but a lot of fun. I have great coworkers and the best beat I'm journalism!
YES FEEL FREE TO RETWEET DENVER GOLF EXPO .... ITS ALL THAT!!
yea so that means it all ready started like 2 hours ago
Too bad one of them is retired...
call me! Want to run our game by u and another idea I have simmering.
Rain rain go away!!!
Bought a new suitcase this weekend so I am ready to fly to #Seattle for #mlanet12!
the rangers have way more heart than the capitals. And do I know you? Why are you people randomly tweeting me? C ya
Homemade ginger beer and jamming out!
Interested in being a food vendor at our #AAIP festival Aug 11&12 in Point State Park-Pgh? Info session TBA very soon.
Nehemiah 11,9: "Joel son of Zichri was overseer, and Judah son of Hassenuah was second over the city." I don't get it..
Kids got a bid
My team is looking forward to #OhBaby author, celebrity mommy and fashionista 's media afternoon w/
all I want to do is watch #Glee but I have so much other stuff to do...
feels like I just got spammed. *not amused*
hey good morning! What life choices? Are they Twitter friendly cuz cyberspace will find out of u mention them? LOL
The biggest barrier in most of our lives is...US! Give yourself the push needed to get out of your own way:) #Begin your healing journey!
I'm in Panamá (for less than an hour). On to Bogotá!
yup that's the only way. But I can't afford to park it here. And rentals are insane here. No good options.
some decorations for a party and also looking for nursery room decor ideas i love just wondering around
Good morning..... Todays the big day kicking October off with a Hawaiian luau!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 15
just followed me! :) thnx!!!!
you have to be kidding me that we have snow on the ground !! I guess the best thing would be to stop by boulder @ the wedge and warm up.
Blueberry Breakfast Cake for Attune Foods
I guess & don't play #hangingwithfriends anymore lol.
Dill pickles 4 lyfe. Bread and butter pickles are for the dogs.
I am Jared Askins and I am a twitter addict
RT : CD1 Female Delegates elected: Sen. Judy Eason-McIntyre, Elaine Dodd and #ODP2012 >> So Ms Barbara was elected!!
his friend Aric
New beer and music festival planned in aid of Cumbrian rescue team
Happy 37 months it's been real!!?
Hi John, thanks for the RT. Stay Safe!
Update: My appearance on the Jarrett Payton Show has been rescheduled for Friday July 29th.
Can you DM me your email address?
The Labor Department this morning releases the anxiously-awaited November jobs report.
I'm choosing the Minneapolis showing, thank you. Very much looking forward to the event.
#RejectedFuneralHomeNames In 'n' Out Funeral
he had 2 hot girls to hangout with and blew us off twice
Watching family jewels... not very good
thats sweet. Im pretty excited to see it lol
at Kalamazoo boys 16s and 18s tennis nationals, jr tennis has changed since I was playing.
seems legit.
Carry yourself as a slut, and you will be treated as such... carry yourself as a queen and you will be treated as such
Thanks! How are things? Long time no see
That is the of Regulation. 0-0 University of New Mexico. Overtime, golden goal, 10 min period.
At least you don't have to contend with being distantly related to the SOB. It's the pot calling the kettle black! Offline?
but w/my #adhd son we hav tried many things n nothing has even improved him now he is showing #ODD signs too. Trying new Dr n diet
KPTV AE here. Can we use your twitpic? Was he aboard the Lady Cecilia?
miss that place
Just bought this $10 Pizza Box.
A Walk-off grand slam by Nelson Cruz!!! First in post-season history! Gotta love the Texas #Rangers!
Get better soon, my injured Packers! , , ,
No doubt about what my afternoon work soundtrack will be
#ThatCampOSU Would someone plz tweet from the peer review session. Wish i cd be there...
+10 RT : RT : A5: Not to be trusted is a feeling of sadness and humiliation.
CONGRATS Babe!!!
Gonna dispute that "Gen C" is really a cohort and not just a mgmt consultant buzz word. Connected? Content? Who knows.
yeah but if you do that in Walmart people are going to think your crazy.
"the more you refuse to hear my voice, the louder I will sing...there's something inside so strong"
where from?
Writing and writing and writing....20 pages in one day!
#replacearcticmonkeyssongswithboner Crying Boner
Rameriz is starting to heat up for the brewers!
Follow my new page follow me! Now
Hey Dan, the next couple of questions are ready when you are.
So Harry admitting he is bi? Do we actually have any proof? Cause people love spreading rumors.
oh yeah? Let me know when to contact your peoples for some dates over here!
pinterest is helpful personally since I teach classes and list suggested gear there & fb
Half hr more...and im out this joint..
youre welcome(: sorry about your grandmother
Want more than just a gearhead trainer? Its about mobility, nutrition, spirit and faith - contact
Many people do not know but on some services or products we can do 6 months same as cash
Time for Serenity! :)
Family is where the heart is.
I was joking, but I guess you did mean fertile rather than prolific! Me, beyond it. Been there, raised that. :)
the only kind of people I'd ever be prejudice against are oompa loompas. these little dudes would drive me crazy I'd slaughter them all.
#OpenAir prostitution North of North and Charles
That awesome moment when your friend pulls lint our of her pocket and says "its snowing"!
I tell you. Sometimes I see why I remain _______
My cousin just went in my room & drew all over my Justin poster. WTF? OH HELL NAH SHIT ABOUT TO GO DOWN!
And what does SimpleMidiPad do? :)
My ma gonee say., "Gee., show me your winning smile." Then her eyes got huge.! Lmao. Idk., butt ii think that was a teethh jokee. ://.
Perfect weather so far this week
Flowers, candy, jewelry....been there done that. Give her something she'll love from Bath & Body Bisrto 110 Morningside NE (Nob Hill)
And what's the big deal with #Instragram?
Boys are like parking spaces the good ones are take-in!!!!
what's cloud cover expected to be around 8pm?
It is always interesting to think of exact moment that changed your life.
fewest must be the
Vegas baby!
Awesome, thanks!
Pres. Obama: If we leave too soon, our gains could be lost, and al Qaeda could establish itself once more
Great so you didn't have to go to far to get help!! :) Have a good weekend !
Sounds good to me :-)
I'm not the milk and the milk's not me! Thank you
amazing win.
Utah State blew it. If they recover the onside kick the game is over.
6pm Untitled #40 (grounded) begins! We've got it all! Art, music, clay oven fired pizza, detours, and Too Much Fun.
Last two movies I watched...Chain Letter and Gentlemen Prefer Blondes. I'm very cultured.
That's not attractive O_O
i TOLD YA...I molested my food
how often does it rain in Waiakea?
A truck drove hot rods thru my heart
why won't you follow me pls pls pls follow me did
I thought we were friends?
about to go kick some butt in pool :)
and should follow each other :)
Got eaten alive by #mosquitoes -inside- a theater in #Houston last night. A sign that they're officially out of control here.
Working on the video from last week's event. Hope to have some of the sessions available for you shortly! Any urgent requests?
is awesome in Silent Running and Support Your Local Sheriff.
Happy New Year, east coast friends!
Hopefully getting a new phone tonight or tomorrow. :)
singing out here. Yes we need ice cream and our girls izzy and kyra!
Oh that would be terrible. They finished before I even paid them or put down a deposit.
I am the same. I don't agree alot but I will watch or listen when I can.
Good talk from Mike Ardito on whole systems design check out Autodesk Sustainability Workshop videos
from you and me both...
Really impressed with "The Avengers". Well done, Joss Whedon.
Calling on all #Austin Dandies and Metrosexuals: Where is the best place to get a man's manicure?
I'm having Quick feelings again. Emailing you.
Another beautiful day in San Diego! Let us help you get into a home with a pool in time for summer. Call (858) 376-1299 today.
yes that would be awesome! :)
I've been old for a year now, and it's not so bad, except the part where you suddenly start to like eating oatmeal at Denny's.
my manz i got that shit :)
Wish me luck.
In Da lab with my ppl laying down sum trax they got sum gd ish in Da mix
I now want to both rewatch Battlestar Galactica and then recut it into a single season, as a film editing exercise. I think it could fit.
Lol that made my day<3
why did you make a 2nd twitter?
hey how are u ?
long day tomorrow, work from 6:30 am till 9 or 10 pm
my code is always like that...nothing like naming your functions "spawn" and "kill."
my best friend got suspended for 3 whole days! gunna be pretty lonely! good thing I have with me other wise my life would be over
he's an idiot. And I just woke up so I'm not gonna make it today.
as do i and i hope we will be great friends
New Hampshire won't let us down! The R3VOLUTION is growing!!!!!!
Its cold... I dont know whether to go with Pants or Skirt... I bet Master Chief never had these problems...
This. RT : From a general #sagrad perspective, I believe we need more information about how to negotiate job offers and benefits
lol ugh Im serious! But Im not giving in! Its the bottle lol
Federal workers delaying retirement in hopes of buyout sweeteners
Headache, lost contact, upset stomach..just go to the ladies' room and never return.
Granger didn't show up in this game...neither did Paul George..
she has a stupid face. I like your face better. I wanna wake up to your smile errday
I did a very bad thing today...
Sad that I will not be able to listen to you two break down the awesomeness of the cheechoo train on puckdaddy radio
I feel I should buy something in celebration :)
Tune into President Obama's back to school speech at nbclearn.com!
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
Oh ya the cat print.. I am going to paint a cat on it and keep the prints in the gesso, finish what the cat started...it will be cool!
Is anyone watching The Masters?
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Derrick Ayler JR °Rising 6th °Tacoma, WA °Travel Team: NW Panthers °Shooting Guard 4’8
“: BIEBER!!! ” no longer follows you.
i like you :)
Don't usually give out these props, but Wolverines like know their recruits.
Middleton takes a 2-1 lead in the fourth on two walks, a sacrifive bunt, sacrifice fly and a balk but no hits.
You all are too sweet! Love you both!
Realize all the "bandwagon fan" talk annoyed the hell outta everyone this past season, but I have this thought...
we hear ya!
Out at Unity Hospital tonight for an open to the public discussion about the dangers of Synthetic Drugs
Rented This is It! Great movie... Why? Why?!
poor buddy :( Are you back home?
Damn good time catching up with , , , #techcocktail. Roy did you win the tablet?
#dietribes #dtl2011 learning metaphor of flood vs drip irrigation:)
Next level is 600-1200 with 200 blinds. They skipped 500-1000 for some reason. About 85 left. Need some help but hanging in
": Starting the gym next week!! Out of shape and summer around the corner #muscleheadtweet" I say this everyday lmfao
lmao. We only have like 2 weeks left . DEAL W IT
Agnes scott flash mob
Si. Once I get in barbarian mode, it takes a week or so to get out of it.
wet hot american summer...so many great/funny actors in this gem.
's HTML5 reader #automagically puts PDF's online for Highlighting, annotating, commenting and sharing...
I think you should follow your biggest ICONiac, which would be me (:
There is a new food truck on the scene! ! All natural, mostly organic soups and chili.
Trinity mills and marsh lane
i love your hair (:
Wade is the best shot blocking guard of all time
its good
Darn, I should've waited to take it with y'all.
Long nail and work! Don't fucking work!
is definitely sold on going and is stoked to see Jones and By August for their september shows at 9:30 club
#doNOTbother talking to me if u dislike Ariana Grande cuz u will get slapped :)
k Im try get on my computer put up a pic of him
m chocolate!
Shouldn't we all support Greenbay, even if it's just on principal?
"How old is your baby?" "36 months." WHY CAN'T YOU JUST SAY 3 YEARS OLD!?
yeah I will never understand why people think they can do this crap. If true they should be locked up. Opportunities thrown away
Can we start some chatter about Rondo being expendable? Just to get him ready for game 3.
Tomorrow better hurry. <U+2665>
viva la at
Thanks. I'm excited to get to travel soon. Going to NC Mountains for a few days with the kids. Always nice to get away.
Nice! We'll have another one once the building is done, and then one inside for #STAMPEDE! Get excited. :]
Guitar bands
You rock girl!! Your hair IS actual fire!!
sometimes in April is better and much more moving. Ask mom about it
omg but i hate you so much
Things that make me feel better - Jeff Whithey is an AWFUL interview.
My trail mix =
meh... Yankees = the Bad News Bears when Garcia starts.
JobHunters: Keep finding sources that inspire U. Mentors, Network Connections, Family/Friends, Online Resources. Keep Connecting!
In other NSFW news, have you listened to ? I am obsessed with "212." I can't stop listening.
Hey buddy. How are things going?
Drunken #Twins rant this weekend. It was bound to happen.
"You've got to find what you love. And that is as true for your work as it is for your lovers"
“Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you.” -JESUS CHRIST
Do you think the #Seahawks go after #MattFlynn??
In the early morning hours of March 29, 1984, The Colts broke our hearts.
trust me you will never get the answers they will just defer you to other ppl I swear
Haha! Mine too! I loved her!!
#chicultural2012 Lord presented a dynamic plan that was forward thinking and included Chicagoans.
I'm so tired zzzzzzzx
Service changes are only 5 days away. If you have questions about planning your routes after the change you can call 414-937-0460 6AM to 6PM
These tacos are going to be bangin'!
Listening to my daughter watch old #Muppets episodes on DVD. I miss Jim Henson.
We're glad you like the proofs.
WHY?! you shoulda come out with me
I'm in like with again. I'm was able to explain some code to a client while commuting.
Feels wonderful after a day at the gym:)
The line dividing good and evil cuts through the heart of every human being. And who is willing to destroy a piece of his own heart?
what ever
Dippin dots are so good
Props to for the video and sound!
I think I'd do better on my own, no friends, no fights, just me alone. -
Is it cocktail time yet?
Mega merger Sweet deal Dcs Hughes Gm underwrite sky rockets sattelite division Virginia Commomwealth Chess game Pascal
totally i bet she wont make out with u ;)
TASTY!! RT : I knew it. RT : Now I'm playing Lil B "Ima Eat Her Ass" smh
I'm at a two year old's bday party. Here 10 minutes, already have a massive head ache.
you should be here. Very interesting.
was here before
ikr i do feel like such a loner with this new twitter.
stupid I am be quit before I get dashaun to dunk on u again
I laugh at people who drink but hate on weed lol. You'll die first
that's so sad.
Do you ?
Feeling a little embarrassed/ashamed/ECSTATIC at how excited I am for Emily's season of to start tonight!
thanks, guys! Just follow
Dirty hit by WorldPeace on Harden
Congrats to the State of Ohio and nearly 30,000 jobs created beating Texas!
who are this chick and the Jack White lookin dude?
Shame, a molecular gastronomy lunch would have been good.
Thanks for the follow!
Woops meant "Velvet Elvis"
Eggs and American cheese! It's like being 12 again :)
I'm a believer that seeing your name & comment, adding a new thought, is satisfaction...at least for most.
#UnderTheMistletoe I can't wait!!!!!!
I guess I don't look like someone who plays Assassins Creed. Or Mass Effect. :)
Finish it off with them moving to a new building for their third year! As in a new network with something other then reality crap.
hey... who's Alexis?! I'm so confused!
Im GOD Mf
how you tell your audience story is very significant. #GBCA BROWNBAG
so are we! now if it would only stop raining. Stop through our open house Sunday if you aren't busy :)
Watching pirates non 3d
Ha some people crack me up :)
Found my Sandlot...
Q3: Union/guild needed even more today with proliferation of freelancers. Think Writers Guild, Screen Actors Guild, etc.
Bored af -.- someone tweet me :)
LOL 's mentions are possibly worse than that dude for the 49ers who dropped that kickoff last year.
Let's see what the big idea is all about .
crackin' down on PDA in the hallway today. >>>>
"have the honor" to ?
I want to go dress shopping :(
Wishing everyone a Happy Mother's Day! Hope you are all enjoying the day with your families.
She says to make sure it's not hyphenated when using it to describe rude airline travelers.
I'm sick and tired of pretending, darling, that you'll ever come back.
I haven't gone anywhere.
Couldn't have had a better week in New Jersey but I'm ready to drive across the state back to Pittsburgh
you are working overtime....
Wow really you are going to Kentucky your so fucking gay not even going to hang with me? Just leave. Gosh.
fans knw u wulda been out there we pray u retire here 2 we luv ya 2 man thnx for all ur hard work on & off field GO BROWNS!
Sage advice from a man at a bus stop: "There's no limit to the darkness of a woman's heart."
Special dinner last night (of many over the years) Just keeps getting better with age. Crazy good in every way.
Cheers for the well wishes - it's been a pleasure working w/ you mate!
whatever! I can tackle that one myself! I am doing P90X for the 2nd time after all! ;-)
it was royt then that i knew that wed be rich fuhevahh
well Hi Greg xD
BTW, I accompanied an audition for Stephen Schwartz, and did some recording w/Ann Hampton Calloway (Liz's sister).
Bad grammar is an epidemic. LOL
Thanks so much for the follow! Happy Holidays!
Thanks for connecting. :)
hey iwas nice today !!!
I included it! Thanks for that! Those are freaking awesome and your name is now mentioned!
Thanks for the shout out and for coming out tonight!
yay!! I was worried you weren't going to be able to get any. Are you so excited???
You know it. #TebowTimeAllTheTime RT Of course there would be some Tebow on SNL with Eli...
i wonder if still DM's his fans aha i guess i will never know :3 <3
Sarabande's email is down. DM us if you need us.
do you like tangerine ice-cream?(:
Off them take hurt in walk you shoes the if.
You just worked your way into our conversation....
Love #homeland. Nice win.
yea,i see it ..nice to meet u too :) .im glad ur nice girl :)
Many producers enjoy digging though crates of albums. I tend to enjoy digging through crates of comices from the 60s to the 80s.
S/o to my bro . That follow button... Click it
RT even with all the perfect victimhood, his momma gotta practically apologize for having her baby killed so no one thinks she's "angry"
Headed home
your what was itching earlier?
": Im prolly not gnna sleep...shrugs*"
Favorite films of the year: Moneyball, War Horse, Tree of Life... there's more than a few I still need to see though
Thanks homie...you keep spreading inspiration to the fakers. Life is real so we got to be real even when we act fake.
I'm on my way to Fiore now!
We must never confuse elegance with snobbery
omg finally
Give Jason another reason to drink Mich Ultra? He is already on 5 beer league softball teams...
50k pounds of beer were spilled this morning in Eden Prairie, just shy of how much is spilled on the floor of William's any given night...
Last day field of greens is open for the semester..
NHL Predators: Belak found dead in Toronto www.tsn.ca
I hate it when the spin instructor sings along with the music into the mic. You can't rap like Kanye,
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
Used all my energy over the weekend, wish I could just sit in the sun and recouperate today
And the countdown begins, 9 hours ...
What's the play about?
Thanks. Haven't heard of them. Are you available for an interview about that & pricing/discounting tix?
Researching more festivals to submit to and picking out the best takes from Michael's Match.
You so funny!
lol, That is a better way to look at it.
Zayn Malik is ridiculous and I can't handle his face anymore. I quit.
After you add cream and sugar, consider why and how coffee has become a cultural beverage. Enjoy and remember it's Arts & Humanities Month!
I gotta admit, what we have is beautiful.
Heath Ceramics: buy a piece of Julie Cristello + Heath jewelry at a Heath store; Mention to sales and they will donate 25% to Japan
welcome too vegas thanks 4 follow much love
Awesome show last, had the place swangin, almost got arrested by Malibu's finest, pretty successful lil show.
maybe i'm just a girl on a mission, but i'm ready to fly.
Home Sweet Home ;)
I lost my pen! I'm falling behind the webinar with
Still believe!(:
#ThingsThatINeed tickets to #OneDirection so I can see those gorgeous amazing guys sing!:D And to see them of course!;) Love their music!!:)
Thanks for all the RTs!
#isastc live life like an anaerobic workout stress followed by rest
:/ oh no, are you sick?
Thanks for your tweets from 's "Millennials Mean Business" presentation at !
We ended the show yesterday with Kenny logins this is it! We will start the show with the same.proud doesn't do it
Chester just bet $2000 on in the Weight Loss Competition.
#WeWontWork if you treat your mom bad, if you can't treat the woman who brought you in this world right
Listening to Everclear Father of Mine. How old am I? Shit.
Who knew you could get malaria from a ham sandwich...
cause i dont have picture mail you dillhole.
none of the above. I'm a very logical person.
How did the fiancée not notice an extra 20k for the car?
I'm really interested in meeting the guy who owns no-thing.
SENT! cant belive i aint send em, they been done for like 2 weeks lol
sounds like evidence of fun times. Sorry I didn't make it out to celebrate, happy birthday!
watching Orlando's own radio host Jayde from XL 1067 on Regis this morning! Go Jayde!
Sometimes I can't get enough & other times I get more than enough...
I want you to know that life is worth living when you find value in yourself...
Best line of the day from the media center, the Super Bowl is a circus and a zoo.
its wonderful to see communities in UAE learning about diabetes. Voice of Diabetes knows the importance of informing others.
Gig at Monterey EVCL was fun, great audience and great place with cool, funky vibe. On to more Telepaths shows!
can I use a verizon phone on page plus?
Time for takeoff!
It still holds true that man is most uniquely human when he turns obstacles into opportunities. -Eric Hoffer
Its Saturday.....time to eat!!! Come check us out we are giving away a free dessert with every dinner red velvet, oreo, german choc, oowweee
. gave me M. Jordan cards 4 engagement gift. Other friends got my dog basketball bib & jersey. What does this say abt me
Happy May!
Credit to for hinting today at the Cubs ruining Axford's saves streak.
I just wanna fuck!
That's great news!
These fouls being called on MSU are so ridiculous!!
Go STEELERS!
any suggestions for dog breeds i should be looking at?
Yay for PD? I think? : 80-85% of the english literature common core standards are in the public domain. -
haha basketball's my life man:)
wake up :p
Let's play a twitter game to beat the monotony of Monday. You can't travel in Alaska without ______? (fill in the blank)
Recruiting for a #Research #Librarian in #NYC with 3 yrs corporate research and reference experience. Great salary! Inquire at 202-261-7200!
Rated Sex segment coming up soon...
Sponsors Here I come!
Longwood boy draws winning Google doodle
Great set , though apparently Wicked is in town.
RT Diet an exercise time!
RT Technology is lending a whole new meaning to "steal your face right offa your head."
THANK YOU EVERYBODY FOR FOLLOWING STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT.....BE ON THE LOOK OUT FOR THE STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT MOVEMENT COMING...
Listening to talk about climate change- We're good at innovating but not at political will to make needed change
Got a set of lower level Saints season tickets for sale. Rights not included. MSG me for details
Pirates like to party. Yup.
uugghh my body hurt!
Headed to 's house to celebrate my gorgeous nieces' 4th birthday! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>
can you help me spread the word about #levilowrey? I'd love a RT if possible =)
"He is happiest who gives ALL to God." -
Where? The last one has 420 buds going to Ron Roberts.
Conrad Farner, superintendent of Greenfield School District, now speaking during annual meeting.
Blah blah blah blah blah thats how I feel about you right now!
I've been jonesin' for a smartphone. Is it time to be perpetually connected?
In tomorrow's article, I bash Luke Hochevar. That's not the main subject of course, but that should get you entertained, no?
If Prince William and Kate Middleton ordered their wedding cake from Just Desserts, what kind of cake do you think they would they order?
Listen to "Clarity" today. You're welcome.
LSAC has books of actual past tests; I used one and it helped a lot. also used a Princeton Review book & it was pretty good.
I did. I really did.
Holy Moly. That could have been worse.
Mistletoe is #10 on oriels and it's only been out for like an hour!!!
am i like the only one who is so freakin anxious for the 2nd meet & greet pictures to go on austins Facebook?! CANT CONTAIN MYSELF
Going back to my home country #Germany next month! I can't wait.I miss home soo much
Kerry Wood must be retiring soon. Maybe this is the "big news" that's been hinted recently.
Forgiveness is the fragrance that the violet sheds on the heel that has crushed it.-Mark Twain
Sum1 need to take out hibbert like he took out bosh
Looking forward to seeing how the Social Suite will work in Being able to start tracking social interaction is interesting.
Gonna be working about 60-70 hours a week this summer and only getting paid for 30. It'll pay off down the line though
look ma no hands
birth control make me phat I only have sex with one person n we both had our check up together b4we have unprotected sex
actually its really boring, and I hate the fact that im never gonna meet the ICONic boyz :(
Jesus: I lost so much blood that I vomited and was so dizzy that when I began My ascent to Calvary I could not hold the cross.
John Adams (Martin Agency) asks about process behind strategic decisions.
In theory, no. This might be a fun summer project.
Congrats to for stepping it up & beating the Coyotes in Phoenix last night. Next home game's gonna be for #Hossa! Go #Hawks!
TAT THAT NAME NEW!!! BY I AM CITI BOI - Tat my name on you" on YouTube...
A little taste of the fire makes you appreciate those who stand in it and just take the heat.
I feel tormented.
Single and don't care about mingling? Head over to just down the street from us for great Tequila Tuesday specials
Lmao...I did that one for you:-)
Just got a hug and kiss on the cheek from mimi at the salon... I now have a warm fuzzy feeling inside...
if your life revolves around a gang your fav rapper made, you lame
Interesting to see #semantic #network of #Islamic #jihad web sites reacting to #Obama speech in Egypt in June.
Yes, but only in school, I wanted it to stand out. Thanks
Front Loops. You've stuck with me since the beginning. I appreciate you.
BIEBER And hells ya <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> any one of the One Direction boys will work.
I need this stuff!
So wild, my final 4 team goes down in round 1 and I'm happy as a clam
I have just haven't tweeted
Give THAT good brine ..U a Swear She SHE STILL N COLLEGE
Can it be possible? The best batch of #ChickenNoodleSoup is hot off the stove and ready to be delivered! If your in the #Chicago area - Call
i need 2 b high rite now
Google wins the machine translation game by data mining websites
fan fr philippines here,,,say hello too pls....
Brava! Nothing quite like hearing a stellar Vissi d'arte sung while lying down
no I am. Crazy work week
I am hvn a great day. I had great food, great conversation, and I'm reading a great book.
Heading to the studio in one hour. Gonna be fun as fuck.
I'm on Twitter !
hello to a fellow Okie! I'm from Healdton, but moved to Milwaukee a few years ago.
Hey Mister - miss may I <3
Night Boat. :-)
great. Tweets from my phone don't seem to make it sometimes.
shouldn't you be doing something for your mom?
if I had a twin..#wrap lol
wait! you are pregnant?!?! congratulations! (and a girl!? I'm so jealous!)
People. It's no longer considered an "emergency" if your symptoms have persisted, with no change, for over a month. C'mon now...
I hope to meet some of you! And , thanks for the link! I couldn't find the conference schedule before!
my bby turns 16 in 6 days. here come the tears.
Look out new Bowl Records go baylor beat washington The Razorbacks are going to own Ksu WOO PIG SOOIE!!
2night come out 2 BROADWAY BAR. Dj Mystik video mixing & Peter Blue hosting the party. 21& up welcome. No Cover!!! -BG Ent- TEXAS TOYZ-
": 61' Second yellow issued to Paladini for the soft red." Oh Chicago gets a red in the reserve match.
S/O to middleton Lax!!! Guys did their thing last night and no doubt the girls are gonna wreck in lafollete and verona tonight!
Not just yet-still on hold :( : is Jay hooking you up? LOL
haha at first I couldn't figure out what it meant but then thought of you when I did of course!
#20ThingsAboutMe I'm quick to cutting people off.
We're exciting about the addition of our children's department. Finally!
Jose. Henny was last week lol
Couldn't get Redis to build under Cygwin, but builds and runs just fine on my MacBook Pro. All's right with the universe again.
Heading out for lunch before tying the knot
is the best ! <3
Adventures walking around downtown Xi'an at midnight and getting locked out of the underpass
Cell phone sizes: 1995-concrete block 2005-key chain 2012-thin concrete block
Thanks for a great session in Austin!
I have never heard of that nor have I seen that but no hurt in giving it a try (;
was delicious. Not as amazing as it has been in the past though
coolest thing I've seen so far from is the UA interface with built in DSP. That is just too cool.
a fucking spider was just crawling on my bed. I'M FUCKING DONE! STAYING AWAKE!
that fact that Santorum was even CONSIDERED as a choice for presidency is almost as scary as this zit i have on the inside of my nose
Did the neighbor kids open a lemonade stand? That's among the
Texas Tech is shooting 28% from the field.
i will, but later sweetie.. Im at school right now :/ i can't.. So sorry!
want to study Gilels again! so many lessons for today! showy virtuosity of today's famous leaves music out! Gilels is just music and poetry!
not much is new with me,what about you,what's new?
Hahahahaha watching all those videos and dying
"pity the back seat!"
A really great means to achieve operating capital to handle your business functions and facilities is AR factoring
i believe it is a Blackberry only promotion
you guys never fails to amaze.
That moment when your dog wants out of your room, but you and your dog know that you're not getting up.. Sorry pup.
if you learned to tweet, you can unlearn the double space! Haha. ()
what phone call? o;
Kinda felt like punched me in the chest today Ok--pity party over today, thank u God 4 letting me grope in dark
Finally tomorrow is Friday
anybody stayin' in tonight?
lol i just saw your Blue Reactor tweet. Umm yea. fo sho.
We are great! How about you? ": : thank you mate! :) how's your day ?"
Have a good race!
If you pick the all the award winners, do you get an award? Great turnout tonight
not paying attention
“ « Mother Nature is a bitch. I should beat her ass!»”
I get a kick out of websites that only work with IE.
"You cannot solve for the marriage of opposites, their fit, their match, their endlessness." A. Van Jordan "Richard P. Feynman Lecture..."
Back to the summer weather this week!
I've texted more this month than i have in awhile
I don't have time for this. What's the net-net, internet?
Good morning to all. Positive thoughts bring positive actions. Today will be a productive day.
I always go to sleep to Seinfeld and The Office. Planet Earth sounds kind of trippy to sleep to
This dude just asked to buy the ipad for $50... Smh. Black folks.
Great games for kids from British museums: show.me.uk. I recommend this site to parents and teachers. Games range from silly to serious.
tellin' us "you know a lot of ppl who want to get involved" says what? You've been to AK, KS and even Afghan why not #Detroit?
what the fuck! That ain't right. Pink has no orange undertones in it! Da fuq is happening WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO US PINK WHY
What do you want future to look like? How will #CRM get us there? Processes should guide biz & tech solution, not the other way around.
The new Andrew Bird album is making #grading far more bearable
#NW Mad Money Y'all better learn.
I should have known you'd pull out the PJ socks!
word it's been forever bro just been chillen
Two more days of school. They're gonna be such a joke, but TWO MORE DAYS !
what'd you think of Planet B-boy
Almost forgot. One beefsteak tomato from a trusted farm. Spinach-cheve omelettes and sweet potato home fries for lunch! Who want to join us?
I think using #MikeRowe for #Ford commercials is genius. Are they still making new episodes of #DirtyJobs?
GTL time! Well minus the T and L haha.
Pull video feed bus 19 #2262 to #PDX explainwhy white male glasses green-tee using mentally disabled boy & riders 2stalk @
Exciting news coming soon!
It's better to have student-centered learning than to have teacher-centered learning-Isaacs
Do you like smelling good? Thank a #beef cow! Deodorants, shaving creams, soaps, creams and lotions are all partially made from cattle!
Why are you yelling at Kassem? Lol
if you are talking about police report we filed because we were threatened by a protester, then yes. I have kids. I am not ok w/
Hey everyone, we'll be on tonight at 6pm! Make sure you tune in. tweet your questions to: !
cool. I'll pick it up later. Thnx!
are you being serious?
Will you follow me? :D
Ishikawa didn't get the Helton call on that one.
He was always copying Don Cornelius
Everybody but us can do the coin money.
Time to play some Halo Reach before I go out :D
lol! what's the funniest response siri has given you so far?
touche my friend, touche...don't give me shit in the #AM if I'm sluggish
I think is calling my name.
We would never say we are the best bar in the business...but you would. Winner "Best Bar 2010-2011" ;P
LOL it actually didn't, hence my hesitation to come out of the room to show anyone.
why not
great to meet you too!
realized that drunk sarah is no fun anymore which means no more drinking for me! FML
Headphones In & I'm Dead To The World!
What to do?
LOL, I found my next one it seems.
Leading a journalism session at 11 on digging deep using social media. Any tools/tricks you use I might have missed?
I swear to god I just picked an eye booger the size of a golf ball off my dog. The shedding bastard owes me one.
2 wins...maybe. A big maybe.
Heading 2 the studio to record.
7 AM practice today and soccer game
THIN LIZZY, YOU FECKER! // RT : "Hey Irish people, your music fucking sucks" ~ Everybody in the world
im so close to 360 followers! (: 2 more ppl please? a shout out for shout out!(:
Back home again in Indiana...of course, it's only Terre Haute...
nice glasses girl what brand are they?
We know it's 4.20 tomorrow now you may Stfu
What?? RT ENGLISH MOTHERFUCKER, DO YOU SPEAK IT?
Obama Invokes Republican Icons While Painting Mitt Romney As Extreme
If you check the Annenberg YouTube page in about a week, a video of the talk will be posted there
Justin bieber's new song sucks.... His voice doesn't sound good anymore ...
You were very fun, asked good questions, and we had a great time with your class. Hope the rest of your semester is fantastic!
My Mom Embarrassed Me In Front Of my Cuzins! I'm Like Hiding Now :(
<333 someone who I don't think I've ever explicitly told about my pronouns used "they" in reference to me in an email to a bunch of folks.
it's better for the players, but worse for everything else!
dude add me! I'll show you a beast !!!
Oh I'm so glad you want to push paperless billing.But I've already got it. So, uh, not your target customer with that email.
Love the new Social media page! It's great to put a face to a name to an abbreviation and "voice" on the web.
I am waiting patiently! :)
no problem brtha. I see y'all an hope the best forreal. An maybe the stars will aline us an our music one day untill then.
I have a son..I pray God grants him a long prosperous life. The injustice with the racist murder of #Trayvon Martin sickens me
did any of the #Arinators feel the earthquake about 2 hours ago in NewYork?
U SET HEAD TO A BROWN BOY U SKET OMG
It's Bout Day! YAY! Come see the Rats and the Honeys tear it up at the RICC tonight! Doors at 6, Bout at 7. $13 at the door, kids are less!
FOLLOW ME TMONEY????? Please<U+E418>
but we get votes! So we can help. :)
what up cookie
Keep Bard at #5, skip starts to help pen when schedule dictates. Move him to pen mid-May when Dice-K returns, if necessary.
#Sunday = getting #life together day! Laundry, cleaning, #brunch, a little #work and some
Celebrate National Chip & Dip Day (self-explanatory) & Near Miss Day, the day an asteroid missed hitting us by 500,000 miles in 1989.
Bah. Congratudolences. “: Out fifth in pretty dull and uneventful fashion.
Feeling good feeling great.. Feeling great feeling good... How are you??
My housemate's cat LOVES Wiki. He wants to hang out with her all the time and has started cuddling up next to her on purpose.
On the way out the door. Realized my shoulder smells vaguely like pee. Still on my way out the door. Feel free to judge me. I judged me.
When did join ? Awesome! But I must have been asleep.
Can't sleep :/
lol I just heard! That's awesome congrats!
Just drove past the Creation and Earth History Museum in Santee. Line out the door.
#IfIwasPresident I would be the first Mexican president ever
Detroiters! We're setting up a screening with the free press for next month! WIll open in Detroit in September! Thanks for being patient!
Boss said I did a pretty good job yesterday. We had over 120 issues in the log. I closed out more than half. Hadn't realized how many I did.
JLO Latin Artist of the Year hum.... was voting for either Enrique or Pitbull...
i cant believe i only just started liking lydia wtf is wrong with me
It's raining
Supervisor Rooker says he supports equalized tax rate because it will restore funding to capital projects that have been deferred
ok so again, the wrench seems to be too big? Get a smaller wrench ? Is this a plumbing emergency?
Yay! Fox's pizza for dinner xD
grammar is very important for effective writing, but maybe not the intricate terms such as objective &demonstrative
If the beginning was beautiful, it's called expectation. If it's beautiful until the end, it's determination.
Won't be going there for at least another 2 years, but a follow and shout-out to anyway. They're my original 'home field!'
Do you know how Indians speak?I laugh everytime when they speak.
because he`s a team player james is just a ball hog who chokes in the playoffs
Thanks for nummy oatmeal as I got off the DC metro today.
Hot cheetos are addicting.
The high today ppl is 89.........perfect pool weather....
see you soon :) bring all the money in the world
On my way to gamestop to preorder Street fighter X Tekken
Weird, but amazing day<U+2661> Goodnight!!
40 students registered for Marvelous Math Mondays - math enrichment camp!
u better dm me back ;(
RT : Pinch-hit single by Joe Becker and the 'Topes are on top for the first time 4-3! B-7
Tag Match
I can't believe it either! She whistled "Zippity Do Da" out her ass hole and it sounded amazing!
<U+266C> Happy Birthday to Gordon Stoker from Elvis backing group "The Jordanaires" Have a wonderful day Gordon <U+266C>
SEE CHANGE is around the corner! We're in need of volunteers to help the week of the 21st. If you're available, please let us know!
yea but my mom is taking me
Let me know how it goes. I've got the model/acting class until 7p.
It's actually funny I didn't think you'd reply.
He looks so tiny
"If you complain, you're going to remain but if you praise, you'll be raised!" - Pastor Joel Osteen
2 solid documentary choices on Sunday... 's "The Announcement" by & 's "Duke '91 & '92" on
He's all i need but its sad that he dont show me the same. he's too busy getting count up with twitter and facebook hoes! SMFH
Ditto “: Haha the bus leaves.....Wouldn't be so depressing if I hadn't been standing at the bus door as it pulled away...”
OF COURSE!
#spurs suck! Plain and simple.
Youtube needs the spinnybarhs gmail account to sign in. Who has that access?
Vegan Super Powers... that's funny as s#!t
Thank you for letting me recharge my phone while I visited!
If she is walking down the street in her heels on a Saturday at 8am, she prolly just got kicked out
Specialty cupcake - Vanilla Snowball: Vanilla cake topped with choice of vanilla buttercream or chocolate buttercream. M!
And smoky. I guess I'm not in Cali anymore.
LitFuse - had a blast with all of our friends at the Seattle Sounders FC opening game last night! 3-0!
Reading the first issue of the new Fantastic - reminds me of Radical America. Rob Horning's piece alone is worth the price.
I'm with you. Gonna check on my run to TJ tomorrow. If not, maybe one of their "house" brews.
love indeed to Johanna .... I want to "write in the extensible field"
Just went to Freddies; thought buying only wine at this hour would look bad. Then I remembered.... it's Easter so...
...because... your kilt is at the cleaners?
A wise old owl sat upon an oak The more he saw the less he spoke The less he spoke the more he heard Why aren't we like that wis
Love it!
Shorty go hard concrete! She can make it clap one cheek, two cheeks, both cheeks, both cheeks!
. is super friendly and helpful on IRC and is great steward of
Gov. Scott Walker says state headed in the right direction, despite new report showing $143M budget shortfall.
RT : SmScreen: Are you one of the few who don't wonder where "squeal like a pig" is from? Then watch DELIVERANCE tonight on
Dominos pasta bowl<U+E328>
I'm starving like an
Demings principle that allows any employee to make decisions about quality is called Empowerment.~D
I have been on Megabus. I also have to find someone to go with me. I only have one Yankees friend and we already planned
we, is one of the grantees that changed their project. #infoneeds thanks to the help of &
just came on my Pandora ;) that made me happy
Thanks for Playing #GuessAnumber! Good luck!
eating squatch food -pumpkins (pie) watermelon donuts bacon n beer all known to lube vocal chords.
Mitt Romney did create thousands of new jobs with Bain Capital. But those jobs were in China.
Thanks, Niall. Always fantstic to get your insights on #chat2lrn. Thanks so much!
Stepping on the toes in UFC...lame
Shiller global conventional wisdom: every young person invest ALL their money in ONE house in ONE place
We're celebrating 's awesome YA Prom antho with a Twitter party in T-minus zero seconds. Join!
-____- u never call me anymore asshole
Just changed my twitter name from to because I feel like I need more hometown twitter buds lol
I'm pretty sure anytime any one of them appeared on screen Lauren whispered, "Yum."
feeding the alligators in fowl river
somewhere around here, but I won't be able to get it tonight. It's probably on some external hard drive in the basement.
In the studio w/ ! Great songwriter!
awesome thanks.
Sad Ik dude salty
VINCENT TORRES<3
Scary thought! : "Hypothesis: The more progressives laugh at a candidate, the more likely that candidate is to get elected."
Hmm... Soapstone Bathtub....Yea I can make that!
ON a different note...glad to save the money on sunday ticket this year
good lord... lol!
ok I will try again later~
Wow tonight has been cray cray at work. I now know that people that go to Drake concerts are stupid.
yea kinda. But can u put a pic up plz
Afternoon lovelies! Why is Mittens on my teevee? I hope you're all well.
Scaffolding Collapses Injuring Construction Worker - KGTV San Diego
don't sell yourself short tits.
Hooked on this reggae right now.
i really wish you knew...
We throwing slugs? And we don't follow each other? Tf?
I gotta stop retweeting.
does he sleep with the tv on or something?
stay safe you guys. You really made a difference today carrying the story.
Locator graphic for Lefthand Canyon fire is wrong - shows Boulder Canyon
I really want a milkshake <3
y u retwet mi
i told you guys before. heavy on the folk in the colder months and electronic for my summer ears.
I love being a bitch with
gymnastics soon ,
#moviesilove the hangover! How do you top the "what do tigers dream of" song and Mike Tyson dancing to Phil Collins? Paging Dr. Faggot!
Yep. Looking forward to it.
you are beautiful :) ps: can i have your eyebrows?
Steak for dinner!<333
Happy Tuesday! Thinking about lunch? Try our Mongolian Beef lunch special for only $8.50. Perfect meal to warm you up on a cold day!
Agreed. Her argument fell a tad flat.
My friend just told me i have a sick flow. LOLOLOL im dying right now.
Dick Clark Yesterday. Levon Helms today. Sad week for the music world.
Just smile and let the world wonder why~
doing a lightning talk on the Koha IRC channel (which is called #koha, not #kohails)
Love today's Self Check!
Fa Kin Pah
#prsun - Please no spamming. Thank you.
We are too!! We're snacking the morning away on #popchips. Our favorite is the chili lime!
RT : Y'all are tough #outofhandgame That's the way you like it!
yes, you.
not being mean i hate my pizza for now.
He is the GREATEST!
hello mr. krinkle
Yes, that's the main reason I love Comcast. Their On Demand options can't be beat. Even if the damn DVR remote always sticks.
"Are those tights that look like jeans?" - Shine Louise Houston discovers "Jeggings". May 12th, 2012
Download "THE UNDERSTATEMENT" Mixtape By Felo (Felony) You know its fire if I stop promoting my own Video 2 promote his
that was Quinn! WTF??
Ironic how LeGarrette Blount, who threw a punch at Boise ST player, now has to share carries w/ BSU running back. God = funny sense of humor
"Who else could be friends with the Dalai Lama and also produce Bad Brains?" - YYYs on MCA
September model shoots are booked. Now booking October. Contact me soon at www.brandonphotos.com.
rightt? lol RT If u don't reach for your phone once while I'm talking to you, you're way too into me
Barbara Streisand looks amazing. Holy crap.
People ask me: "How do you get 9,000 volunteers?!" My advice is... Never underestimate the value of a T-shirt... - Fred Lebow
If you weren't there for me when I had NOTHING, don't try to be there for me when I have EVERYTHING.
well this is awkward
Road shotgun in old truck. Ran out of gas on dirt road. We walked a mile for bikes, rode them into cowtown for gas, biked back to truck. :)
I can't see any names
It's not always easy to keep your faith during trials and tribulations. Do it regardless of how things look or the way people treat you.
"He came, He lived, He died, He rose....This this this this is, this is Gospel of Jesus Christ"
Turns out my friend's brother is an EDM consultant for the likes of Pioneer and Loomis. Fintech is truly a small world....
hahah yes!! :) i love it here because cody always comes here :')
@ hyacynthw be on the lookout for Marta , just noticed you are both at #bbsummit11 you have some common ground
Let's just say it starts NOW. RT : I predict a social technology movement will follow the creative technology movement.
You are quite welcome Allie. Great to meet you!
Anyone have a good experience with stub hub?
Im doing alright! How are you??
Thx for the RT! Have a great day!
haha oh yes ! I'll be darker than you before you can said Cherokee Indians ! Lmao (:
Thanks for the free info RT ": it's awsome i got a awsome prize at "
died out. everybody left. then he gave me the channel. i tried to bring it back, did for a bit but then it didnt go anywhere
Wow I had justin bieber on twice on one of my last tweets smh
Trying out Eric at wireaudiorepair.com for an amp fix. Seems like a really good guy!
Attending the Sloan-C Research Symposium
The moon is a friend for the lonesome to talk to. Carl Sandburg
Gorged myself on tapas and cava with my fam after graduation. ;) M...
me too
One design challenge (for anyone) with subject lists of DBs: how best to spotlight core/most useful DBs.
Ha! Moonstruck is (maybe oddly) my favorite movie.
normally I'd think about it....but after this nonsense, Idt I'll do it.
+ he met, he remembers you! and you had a chance to meet him, there are a lot of mahomie from another countries, like me +
OH: Its a race condition, I have to race home! /cc
NEU is D1. Still a whooping.
I wish I had a job where I could just punch stupid motherfuckers in the face all day
RIGHT? I wanted to touch my computer screen...to make like I was touching him. LOL. I sound like a fckn freak.
I didn't say I was one of them!! I wasn't real excited to come for this!
i know! i only go walking with my dog i dont see the point without him it seems stupid!xx
You're a hero.
#sacscoc Getting better data research-based instruction works. Students are more responsible for their learning.
how are you people? =)
....I hope you're kidding about Sidney Poitier....
Race riots in Tulsa and Rosewood were set off when a black man was accused of sexually assaulting a white woman in both cases.
Welcome to Kentucky!
San Diego Taco Tuesday - good times!! $2 drink wheel!
I'm just a simple girl living my life <U+E056>
In the nurses' office..like always!(: she's my school om..but wish she was my real mom(: <3
It's so true. and SO glorious! Keep going. I want to see what else you'll say!
Geist fireworks....what's the delay?
SWEET! RT: Little girl next door to me: "My Dad says you know a lot about human minds. Do you know about dog's minds too?"
It annoys me that I have both AP and Foster (via trade after week 3) and am 1-3.....
BOOKED! I can't reveal very much, but I think I will be in a pool and holding an iPad! Shoots Tuesday. Details soon!
Prosper in Open Source
That Brooklyn Brown Ale might be the worst Brown Ale ever ever drank.
Colonel Potter, you will be missed.
GO GOLD<3 and good luck to you blackiess<3 ~ its sportsnight at my school tonight ! black&gold teams compete for the win <3
Um, honestly not all that great! but it's whatever.. I only have 2 days of school left :D
HELLO. HELLO. HELLO.
tried to get one of my friends to go with me shopping today but he's working... blah.
Lewis: In the 70s, Iceland privatized fish & each had a quota based on historical catches. Created billionaires overnight.
Come find us tomorrow at Mt. Airy Day! We'll have tons of books on sale for super-cheap: $5 hardcovers and $3 paperbacks.
haha I swear I was wondering the same thing
that's rad! Wish I cld b there. I'm super stoked about ur new album!! Your on fire B!!! Happy holidays!
me podrías pasar el email de Diego?
I dread being home alone
so many crazy people outside the bank lol
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 31
thanks!!! See you there! RT“: Oh sweet lord... i LOVE soundtrack! Dayton needs to get here!”
Got the sweetest early birthday gift from my co-worker in the mail today :) Thanks, Amy. It really made my day.
The best part about that reveal is that everyone was convinced Noel was going Georgetown. Oh, and the hair.
Haven't seen triple h since wrestlemania!
I once was here, but now im not. I went away to smoke some pot, I put this here to prove a point, That life ain’t shit without a joint
#ArthritisWalk volunteers doing a run thru for tomorrow's walk.
. The fact that interjected - at this point - to say that - exposes her anyway. #Opwatch #NYPD Spam
Do not treat this world as your idol. Worship the creator...not His creation.
ah kill me now.
Hi Todd. Thanks for the comment on "freelance economy" on ERE. You hit the nail on the head with "coolest" projects!!
You need to do a 30-for-30 or oral history of the 92 Dream Team scrimmage. It sounds like the greatest game no one saw.
President Obama: "If I had a son he'd look like Trayvon. Our president spoke volumes!
Both of them. Have them full of movies and tv shows
so glad that it did begin :)
good luck pimp
aka snatch a white girl, aka giant junior
I'm glad to announce that I have a new beautiful place for my Coachsingers Studio. So students , singers see you there!
I really love being around her, she always brings out the good in me.
Happy Birthday!
I did porn when I was 18-20 years old I'm 30 now lol I wanna get back into it and I do produce edm.. Google me dj servo
Just rocked an audition for a tv series and saw my friend Dawn Wells!
i'll have one in a few days to share! thanks for asking.
me too. What is it?
yo kid lets party!
Follow me? (:
Watching White Chicks, w/ my main bitch!
Sony NEX FS100 ... hm this thing could change my life
Today's the day! Come out at 6:30 to the PANYC mixer to hang with fellow NYC Princetonians at SOCIAL (8th btw 48th and 49th). Free!
Thanks for the #libmade RTs, ! What a great conversation yesterday.
we are so close! See you at tailgate!
congrats! You are amazing and deserving!
When life gives you lemons... Add some vodka and move forward<U+E409>
You got too much class for them haters.
At menchies with sam, lindsay and lior :D
Tagging Tuesday! Thank You for all that you do!
i was forced to go to work!! i wanted to die
OLLU SOFTBALL: Wins 7-3 against University of Houston at Victoria after 12 innings.
Roll Tide. ;)
Taco Bell breakfast >
I am now following Marie!
that is AWESOME!! RT : After a 2 year hiatus, I just completed a 1 hour spin
That's my boy
there you go ! i like your spirit
Patient tonight has both Parkinson's and glaucoma. Him trying to put in eyedrops was one of the more difficult things I've watched.
good catching up with you yesterday. You are a true gentleman and scholar
they occasionally have little squabbles, but nothing of this magnitude. My trainer thinks it's carry over from a squabble yest.
Brewers SS Alex Gonzalez is on maternity leave to be w his expecting wife. Eric Farris has been called up from A to replace him
Ugh easter is here
iwill do it !! today has moved my to tears of sadness and and hope !!! remember 911
"Idea of American hate in Egypt is greatly exaggerated."
RT : "Life is a promise, fulfill it"
All set for the Mens Golf tournament tomorrow at Oregon City Golf Club. See you there at 12:30 for lunch and 2pm shotgun start.
Change of plans: Open gym Monday night 6-7:30 in the dome.
I wish I saw your tweet earlier. I've been stuck for 30 minutes on torrey pines road.
You're a whore, end of story.
thank you!!!
My pleasure, thank you. I look forward to your tweets
#otherbusinessestakenote Thanks! Like to think we're really connected w/ r guests/friends.
Dumb ass... what a fucking dumb ass!!!!!
just kidding...you got as good of chance...as any...good luck
SORRY :) X
Use today to discover something about yourself that you never knew before..something that has nothing to do with your body!
Hi it would make my week if you followed me:) or even if you retweeted this or replied to this
most awkward goal I've ever scored
AxeOff USA is on the move!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 56
they hold the syrup in my good man, need a nice waffle here and there
go ahead, she'd probably enjoy it
Crystalizing this enables us to reclaim and reembrace our authentic self
"The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place." George Bernard Shaw
oh shush hahahaha they do not. Did you draw them in or something?
This feeling <
RT : Will be tweeting about tech-related museum projects at Please follow!
thank u so much for the follow! =) if u ever need a new artist for upcoming projects, let me know! :)
HE LIES
Back in Cali, I luv it and hate it!
yes! Now I'm even more excited !
#artpolitics an invitation to new forms of sociality - her work is about recuperating the "personal is political" when inverse is exhausted
Very true! RT : I hear what you are saying; oddly enough however Swagger has a tasty BBQ sandwich and sauce.”
This goes without saying, but I sure hope Tsipras is not Obama. The last thing Greece needs is a misleadingly charismatic pacifier.
lmaooo “: Fucking nasty RT : I need to let it rip ... Yup I said it. I'm human and a girl. #yolo lmao”
hey!!! miss u <33333
No one loves me better than me!
Like pre-kickoff "rocky" ad. Mostly I like that it wasn't one they released beforehand. There's something to be said for surprise
If I had a knife right now, it would be stuck in you
Copresco wins "2009 Premier Print Award" from the PIA association for a four-color, personalized hardcover book. Congrats Steve Johnson!
bahahaha I got chu on Tuesday we'll leave him a message saying hii Kevin im your biggest fan
We can't all be right. But we can most certainly all be wrong.
Ugh My momma took my fone butd i aint worry about itd
: your kindness made my day :-)
that girl is a jerk! I caint elive she did that to you im soo sorry mason ):
Tickets are for suckers! Best events are free anyways, and access even with tickets/wristbands is limited.
Gonna be worth a tune-in? Seriously, I'll switch off the Sirius Real Jazz.
feeling the brewers sweep
Thank you!
thats when music was real music. Not this trash played today.
awesome and sure I would.
Same boat.. Upside is ur not the usual..
"I don't really care that much this year because we didn't order pizza :/"- HAHAHA
Just wanted to say "Hello" and thanks for following.
Where do they sell MAC Pro make-up? Do you need to have a MAC Pro account?
Just booked a lead in an amazing short! :) I love when you get to work with great writing!!!
no we sell sweet tea, idk whts wit the late nite crew
Playing fucking phone tag with . WTF i just need to ask him a simple question.
shout out to for getting rid of a shitload of spammers...
I just saw a swagged out Asian who likes pop punk and has a TSSF hoodie. I am so bewildered by this.
can you please follow
Made waffles. Good but not as good as
Brainstorming publicity ideas for a retired drag racing legend...can't wait to see them come to life!
5134262585, use it
please say hi and a follow ! <3
Grand Theft Auto IV - Walkthrough
“: Found out is playing in Buford on June 16. Proceeded to plug it into my calendar :] #suwaneeiswhereitsat” come on!!
Follow back thanks!
I can tell tat you've been practicin'
Breakfast of marketing champions! Sorry I missed it!
Where ignorance is our master, there is no possibility of real peace. - Dalai Lama
Iran Nuclear-Program Raid Fears Ease, Conciliation Seen
who's this mr. Glass you speak of?
REMINDER: Bachelor/ette meeting on Sunday, April 17 1:30 PM. Bring $ from ticket sales, VIP names, charming personalities :)
But Dax is so hot
I think I should eat something haven't ate all day
Dear people at my school, Don't make up all this shit just because there isn't any drama right now and you want some... From, Mee.<3
How exciting, can't wait to see them. Come visit me soon. I'm feeling better and hopefully by July I'll be walking again.
top of great blue hill in the castle
Why is psychoanalysis so much quicker for men than for women? Men don't need to be regressed back to their childhood.
Accepted #AmericanU students & parents are visiting campus today - greek yogurt would be such a happy addition! :)
I heard the moment before you die your life goes by in a flash. Not for steve jobs though, Apple doesn't support flash.
our hoes are the best!(:
Biked HARD to & from knitting. During hot shower last night became incredibly sore - very odd...
dont leave please..
Rough night last night, hopefully today starts good and ends good
I was just joking on conservatism. I'm all for every group of people being miserable in marriage.
still coming soon like Lebrons ring.
dont be afraid right now
Q5: I just started using to track all tasks. Simple and I can load everything in there. I even keep my edi cal there.
My parents have been married for 30yrs today and still look at each other like high school kids in love. They are the reason I believe.
On my way to chorus! I've missed all my "gurrs"!! see yall real soon!
Things are moving forward.. sooner than I thought. :)
But the good news is I have tix to see at the on the 18th!
I'm in CA now and have had the same experience re: no feedback. I'm hoping my move to NYC (& NYU's SPI) will fix that.
The internet is not for sissies.
dang that's too much!
Doh, didn't see this (wonky wifi). Don't worry I took notes :-)
yes he is even though he isn't very rowdy lol. I agree!
Tuesday= #Free Cone day! RT : Say it aint so! Free Cone Day is this Tues. April 3rd! FREE! Come once & do it again all day!
HItting the lake after work. NIce.
Getin it in wit my familia blazn loud in the clouds sit on satelights
That wuld make my day!!
I feel like that makes it better or more interesting... But that probably says more about me.
3 days down 2 to go. Baby steps.
What's your favorite adjective?
I tell people I'm too stupid to know what's impossible
i knew Jane Fonda only from the Dead Kennedys song Kill The Poor but apparently she was an actress or president at some point?
Thank you! We hope to visit Chile someday :) RT : Hi , good music ;D greetings from chile
Thanks for following!
Trust gets you killed, love gets you hurt and being real gets you hated.”
Moxie's resident queen, Truth is doing her thing in the studio remaking an old joint...wish I could share it with you but....
is looking for a 13 passenger van to borrow in the cincinnati and lexington, ky area. Can you help?
thanks for following love! :D
Welcome to those from the training call with Mike
why aren't you doing posters? How did it go?
Met with Chair of AMC's Chapters Committee today...12 Chapters do an outstanding job, providing thousands of volunteer led outdoor programs.
she needs to start pulling her weight.
what were u thinking canceling #TSC for this Emily Owens nonsense, a homeless person could do better acting, seriously!!!
Deliverin' me a cold pop on rollerskates?
Power hour with the boys!
National kiss day? Gonna go home and get my gene Simmons on lol
Ima resend it then, get ready to check it.
this will save you and yr students stress, plus by focusing on less yr students learn better
Great advice - thanks.
I mean... I was really excited about singing LMFAO, can I live?
I know that The Pursuit is sick, but I think my new favorite song is "I Could Have Danced All Night".
attending a MIDEA Connect seminar by on the Smithsonian's mobile strategy
Only reason I am watching is to catch a glimpse of that beard.
Wake n bake
have a great time this weekend. If your schedule opens up before you head back, let me know.
Just got my calendar from I love all of the Eastern Washington photos. I'm still a Kennewick girl at heart.
...Don't SciFi computers always look more "sexy" than they really are in real life, at least at that point in time?
Choosing a Factoring Company: Step 1: Compare companies and decided if you will use a recourse or non-recourse factoring company.
I saw that (was wondering if it was you with the reference to English newspapers). Thanks!
C-Style Designs is taking recycling to the next level! The only way to learn more is get your tail down to #CraftinCarnival!
you were featured at the dome theater at #fosterly by
you said you wanted some modeling pictures, I said alright. I'm not paying you. actually, I'm helping you.
"Good stuff we're trying to tackle. Not easy, but that's why it's gonna matter." - a wise friend
the future is unpredictable.. people are always making idealistic promises.
What we do in life echoes in eternity.
Monday = worst day of the week. GREAT advertisement for Rosslyn...not. "If you're here, your day is about to really suck."
A predicts Labor Day Travel will Decrease 2.4 Percent. Who's stayin' who's goin'?
OR viva los djs viva el noche
"Dont be defeated its very middle class"
Remember, any hole you see... ...I prolly stuck my cock in it already.
#ThingsThatBoredPeopleDo take naps
Ill b just like your bitch!! Cause I give a fuck
Happy birthday!!! ~From BW
Thanking the Lord for blessing me and my Loved ones to see another day.
Yes, it's unheard of....just like his blood doping thing he did for his knee in Germany!
Praying for Mrs Godwin's 8 yr old son who's having brain surgery tomorrow <3
Refs must have x-ray vision to keep eyes on that puck. Blow the play dead instead of giving trashy Hartnell a trash goal
Watch new PBS special about adolescent girls by Rachel Simmons: "A Girl's Life" tonight on Channel 11 at 8pm.
RT : Do you need something to do with your little dancer this weekend. Once Upon a Time by the Washington Ballet is......
Late to class because of a police roadblock between the metro station and campus. Wonderful.
There is no food in this household. Not even bread. Not even a god damn torilla omg.
And one of the greatest musicians of all-time... John Lennon (1940-1980)...
I love my freakin' job. It's really cool in moments like this, when it's all crazy and good and stressful and challenging.
Quizzo tonight @ Cranky Joe's in #EastFalls 8:30 start time - win a case of cold beer!
Other than you?
“: Cops are bitches.” well put
i know how you feel :/
R student council is 1 of the main igniters of ths projects. Nice 2 C kids making decisions 4 the skool that support community.
you're a really strong person.
got it thanks!!!
Boston tomorrow with
im saying! They are just to cute!!
I Wish I had someone to watch this movie wit me..
and missed you!
Can you rub a little bit of that off on me?
#RVA Our friends need a few strong backs Sat ! f you can help email !
Saw him speak at AU during undergrad MT : President Bill Clinton will speak at #AmericanU on Friday at 7 pm
is amazing!!!
Guys Austin's AustinMahone twitter account is not getting cancelled! 'AustinCMahoneTX' is not Austin! It's a fake trying to act like Austin.
Pink (Alecia Beth Moore) turns 32 today. She might start writing a new album next year.
your gifs are so cute!
Attending "Using Social Networking Services To Interact With Your Online Students" - very interesting stuff.
It is now possible for a flight attendant to get a pilot pregnant.
“: T-5 Minutes: The Crew is now closing their Visors and switching to Suit Air. The Telemetry System is being activated.”rt
also recognize that the universe of all journals less well cited that most reputable.
still is tho
Pickup Line: I can't make a cherry pop, but I can make a bananna cream
i'll slit your throat
thanks for the follow
The Man in The Yellow Hat's real name is Ted Shackleford
Really! What are they? Brain damaged or something? "Roger" that!
LONG STORY TEDDY.....
If I'm not mistaken, Tatooine had two moons.
Playing with a bb gun lol
“: plus bucket” whaaaaa?!
LOL and ! its funny this is the most twitter engagement ive had in weeks and its all from deving code!
Still need 15 extras for #HomeBrewed shoot on Sat. Will pay in food & eternal gratitude- & maybe a bigger role in the future.
I want a sweet dreams beautiful.....
Sure. Not much of a hardware hacker though. What sort of tablet?
Above normal wx and spring-like storm chances periodically through early next week. Best chance of storms attm looks like Tues.
I get my hopes up for nothing.
great meeting you as well...next time you can pick the restaurant!
Beers on you!
Heads Up! SquE-Zn Sunday!!! This Sunday win a FREE pack of SquE-Zs! Stay posted for all the details this Sunday Sunday SquE-Zn Sunday!
"Duct tape is like the force. It has a light side, a dark side, and it holds the universe together."Oprah Winfrey
Christmas has passed & the new year is approaching.... What have u done this year to improve the value of ur home or business?
“: I never have any motivation to get up for my history class.” sounds like and myself haha
Fish Fry Sliders Tonight! Show this tweet and get a Free Tap Beer w/ Fish Fry entree or slider purchase.
yes.. Tues. April 26th at 6PM on #SpelmanCollege campus.. hope to see you there = )
If the Sabres had any finishers, Hodgson would have at least a few assists.
I want some beef jerky
Let's go lakeshow!
best moment in office: We got him! We ____ did it!
Thank you Debra! I'm 'amazed' how long it's been :) Hope you are well
I will GO & collect my 200 dollars as well haha :P #NotFunny #ILoveMonopoly I'll get started on my CM Punk page soon.
Look into the Talking Book Program (my state job). Free service from the state. All I do is audiobooks. Players too.
Gotta say, not a huge hockey fan... But hard not to be wrapped up in #nhl playoffs... Lots of sudden death excitement
Shout out to #ryankennedy !! So courageous. So brave.
: I found your article very reassuring. Language is a powerful thing. It opens so many doors. And minds.
"If there's a problem on the lunar colony, [] will be among the first we call." Robert Gibbs to on
Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.
ahhaaahahahahahahahah are you kidding me? she's crazy
oh my, kobe won than
only retweets pretty people :c so I'm ugly.
Drinking Hot Choc snuggledup@ work on this rainy day..Good thing I'm not short of any warm cuddly blankets here @ PB:-)
Rapid deployment sandless sandbags.Go from the box to deployment in minutes during a flooding emergency. Be prepared 24 bags to a box 20lbs.
you rocked i know you would win
will admit im scared of what this outcome may be tomorrow but Im not going to lose faith in God he will bring me thru this :/
Almost in the clear. A REAL work day starts tomorrow :)
Last cup
thank you jeff!
OMG. The next person I see saying "carbs are the evil" is getting PUNCHED.
Amazing job Pacers! Now get ready to play 5 on 8 in the next series.
Listening to give presentation on appropriate social media use at #Fulbright PDO.
Work needs to end so I can start my three day weekend :-)
glad to help. Have a great weekend Richard!
I think that whole stream made perfect sense. Kudos to you for saying it.
web archving thematic GW websites + support campus and faculty, donors-based websites. Strong international focus
If I ever get an industrial, there is no way in hell that I'm doing it without getting my ear numb.
I'm late but... just found out you and steckler are back on the air. Enjoying the podcasts. How about steckler all week long?
The reason women ask so many questions is because they have an extra why chromosome.
Website back online. Join us and become part of the educational process for health care professionals
#honestyhour since november till this past week my life has been hell :/
people say im crazy i say im unique
Orlando vs Steak - what a night! Thank you to everyone who came out and participated in making Orlando vs Steak an amazing event!
Gotta finish those Wade
real shit . If they're unable to keep a conversation going, don't expect them to be able to keep a relationship going.
MT : Learn about the birth of art photography with "Heinrich Kuehn and His American Circle: Alfred Stieglitz..." opening 4/26!
Of many highlights this year, that was certainly among them. Thank you, !
RT : It's #WorldWaterDay today.Did you know that the #Everglades provides the fresh water supply for 1 out of 3 Floridians?
GO SPURS GO!!! 13 wins to go!
Well, it's a noun and a verb... :D
Who are YOU telling. Tryna rework my time management so I don't keep falling off the radar.
I was born in Compton, raised in LA and always looking for new friends. I'll be your C-Bear. RT: Off to Compton CA
Tonight's Foreign Film is "Wild Strawberries" (Sweden, 1957. Directed by Ingmar Bergman) 7:30pm
Hey you're all about freedom, right? Do you support #GayFreedom?
I'm gonna mow the lawn. Hopfully rosalies barbie is still out there!!!!
Shoutout to my new follower ; [;
uploading the #PhillyDrawAThon intro blog to youtube. Check it out on our tumblr and facebook page.
appreciate the share! What are your thoughts on a social hub in sports? Beneficial?
Watching Stephanie the champion grocery bagger from Larry's Piggly Wiggly in Kaukauna on David Letterman! Awesome!
Tweet is a gay word
Frickin' #Romo needs a boot in his ass.
How's Miami?(:
YOUR SO CUTE! NOTICE ME?:) xoxox love youu
First day back at work after being away for training. Whee
Before 2012 is over i am determined to meet and :)
I'm ganna kill somebody on this job site today. #Fact twenty to life seems like it might be worth it right now.
Home. Text mere. :-)
I like Fran's attitude! ": "Food is an important part of a balanced diet." -- Fran Lebowitz"
Thanks for the follow Jeff.
PS - Did you know that "Andrea"/Laurie Holden is Mike Cohen's aunt?
Rule 6 - not all money is created equal. Align your ask with expectations of funding source. Cardinal Rule from ,
FWIW, my bro pointed out how katniss's face always looked fairly clean. no dripping, dirty blood to be found.
“: He once pitched a perfect game while playing left field.”
Down to 36k
My heart hurts for a classmate and his wife, who lost their daughter on Saturday and laid her to rest today.
One more Fun Friday Fact: A hot towel cold stone face massage can help relieve allergy symptoms.
It's beautiful out today <U+2600>
My head is spinning with all of this legal talk. But it s great to know seeing as being in management raises my liability exponentially.
Think of midnight as getting a very early jump on tomorrow! :-)
Reading through Margaret Bourke-White's papers at Syracuse Univ, & I'm falling in love w/this tough, smart, trail-blazing photographer.
Welcome new followers and Glad to know you!
Who said you can't paint an IKEA plastic table? Red to yellow. Whoohoo
When you get a woman, don't ditch your friends
It's the repetition of affirmations that leads to belief. And once that belief becomes a deep conviction, things begin to happen.
Our pleasure! :) RT Thank u for always keepin' me bronzed for my red carpet events!
My teacher acknowledged that I got a hair cut and seemed proud of herself for noticing. Well obviously Nothing gets past her hahaha.
I only like basketball on certain days of the week
Reading "The Evolution Man: Or, How I Ate My Father" by Roy lewis. Out of print for years. Prehistoric drawing-room comedy
i want too hangout with youu for atleast a dayy. youu seem so cool and chill.
hold my weave lmaoo why u wailling :-) :-)
If by with you, you mean I am having the same thoughts? Yes. Action? No. :(
your gay? like fo real?
I could be up for hh.. but are you going to decide last minute you'd rather go home to anacostia?!??
Going to bed. I feel like blah.
Aint no time like family time
Where are you? Sounds like a great conference!
me too... I try and hang in there to see if they are... But if they don't , they unfollowed fasho....
Come see A Trivial Hero, Crash Kit, and Barstow's own Amarex ROCK their asses off at Bikini Bar tonight!! Girls in bikinis drink free!
Nightshift by the Commodores
New fantasy football rankings posted for FFToday.com. Next up is the Fantasyfootballcafe.com crew this week!
Why is it that sci fi television is so internationally bad? Even the British can't save it.
Time to make myself SOME DINNER!!!!
I do everyday!
Politico compares SCOTUS defeat of ObamaCare to Vietnam. Wow. No words.
For some reason, people on Twitter talk to celebs like they would never dare to in real life, & say the most moronic things.
Yo my homegirl from kentucky said she just seem u at da howard game, keep dropping 40 on em slime
#WhatIReallyMeantWas I wish I had purchased Apple Stock when Forest Gump told me to do so.
is it wIth you know who... Lol
well it looks like im off to columbus to play a lil hockey. hopefully we win like last time
Good Morning to you.. Its a nice day out here.
I've got an E2 Headrush in Phoenix in case yours goes wonky or you want to use 2 for whatever reason.
OMG I FORGOT! THE HUNGER GAMES SNEAK PEAK TONIGHTZ! HOLY SHIT! <3
Looks like warehouse live will be letting us in for shows. The photos r gonna be epic
i like you. your wise. :)
I'll be here when mike comes up, I didn't realize his trip was next weekend.
Rain/drizzle will continue through the night across NJ, likely tapering off in the morning.
wonder how-many servers worldwide with people who sit and service these are all over the world to host Tweeter?
Seen it, but I haven't messed around with it yet. I know it's similar to CourseKit, which is okay.
play clock was ahead of game clock.
Boys are cute..... When they actually care about a girl's feelings !
Eating Mcdonalds when in a foreign country is such a comfortable crime.
Saturday Night Presents: CHAMPAGNE SHOWERS | Ladies Receive Complimentary Champagne till 1 AM | Dinner Party at 9:30
"Cheat" day this weekend? Don't go crazy! Be mindful. Watch your choice/portion. Enjoy your moment but don't wreck your results.
nice you will get to see her then! Stella better like her new girl to gossip with lol
Tonight We are young So let's set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun
There will be a sign in list at a table posted near the entrance, be sure to sign and let us know you helped!!
Is it ok to blame autocorrect when you accidentally drop an F bomb at a kindergarten?
But I wish ;)
Your funniest Tweet ever
With busy on her own show methinks & MPK need another writer to help find the funny. I'm willing to help.
Happy hump day! Thanks for watching the ! Make it a good day!
ah, the simple pleasures in life. cookout after a drunk ass night.
ok how was it bad show ??
just so happens, I'm enjoying your viognier!
I'm gonna win the lottery tonight...and throw feces on people....on there faces
How I call for people's attention: "Aye, yo, BITCH!" #ArentILovely #OhWell(:
Have a great weekend facebook fans! Stay out the malls and go riding with your Helmet City gear instead!
We're currently looking for guest posters for future weeks. We're expanding fast & gearing up to launch our sister site for England travel!
i'm literally so happy, now. <3333
still sick, blah!
According to Leclerc, people who publish online without running their work past an editor are "brave souls indeed."
You do seem to be the twextpert... feel free to drop by sometime and clue me in on all things twitter. :)
Foul mouthed amiga. M
this kind of scares me
Tell us how you really feel Annie lol! RT : I would rather chew my arm off & beat myself with it than see the Woman in Black.
is a new addiction! I love you both!
cuff her!
.........blah,blah,blah, say whatever i want but are u really listening........
: Mine is that you'd use your energy to defend someone who actually needs defending ...
probably hoot suite, no?
": Happy to begin writing my seven page report ;D #NerdLife"
I havent quite figured out why every time I wear a NYC or a Manhattan shirt I get asked if I am from New York.
LIMITED SPACE LEFT FOR JUNE EDITION.ADS STARTING AT $75.FULL PAGE PLUS 100 CD OR 1000 FLYERS FOR $250 OMG WE MUST BE CRAZY!! BUT LEGIT DM ME
Volunteers needed for our Yom Hashoah: Day of Commemoration event on Sunday, April 22. To sign up for a shift contact .
Well done is better than well said. Benjamin Franklin
A lament is necessary, it's an art dorm. Our culture doesn't do that well.
So excited the Brewers could clinch today!
I'm the opposite of upset that we have barely talked recently.
are you a model Lauren?
That one kid better be in class today.
'One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors.' (Plato)
Just stepped outside. Feels like snow.
- Got your email and forgot to respond. Sorry! I bet would be down!
If I have to chase and fight for ur attention... eventually I won't want it anymore....
you better!
Excuses is just a cowards way out!
I Do It Myself, (Adobe Photoshop!) I Don't Pay Anyone... God's Gift In The Becoming of What Has Already Created! It's In YOU! "BELIEVE!"
Girl yes! Please! DM me your number and we will go :)
Happy December ! we should start freaking-out now ... 1 month until 2012 AKA (( YOUR YEAR !!)) lol ;)
For appetizers, we have Edamame, Mandoo (dumplings) and Kimchi Pancake to name only three. Call us at 614-273-0188 for any questions.
I'm gonna come and put in a very large order lol
Sorry if you got a message from me about a free phone. Stupid hackers!!
I WIN. SEE YA HOMIE!
We hope you all had a great holiday weekend. Time for us to focus on getting Delicious Licks launched this summer!
: (If the grocery stores delivered alcohol to homes here, no one would go to work.)
Mixing and mastering with Brian hood. This Ep is going to be tight!
Oh, that blood coming out of my ears? Don't worry. I was just watching
to be a #sneakerhead you gotta rock diffrent kinds of shoes, not just nike, or jordan.
There is a difference between being infamous and famous. I wonder whether Casey Anthony understands the difference.
I tried dressing up as a dyke for Julio. LMAO
that's the pic i want to see you tweet!
Gas station blues for sure. Bad coffee & too much wind to fill the washer fluid. Geez. I hate winter.
trying to get the store to carry Premier jerseys by the start of the season
Darn groundhog! Brrrrr!
we are #CommercialFree for the rest of the night!! What can I put in for you?!?! - is taking
Orioles made it to .500 today. Gonna see if I can turn this glass of water into wine real quick...
If #Radiohead sounded like Can before, they're sounding more like Faust tonight.
Well said RT : Last words - Looking forward to learning ways to show virtual worlds/games are REAL force in education!
have fun :) but don't work to hard now
hahah! So what's up? :) -Taylor
I joined!!
Thanks! It's good to be back!
#top10lies I'm going to start my diet on Monday.
COME BACK TO DC! U haven't been here since last Feb.when u did ur free concert an I got a concussion :( its my dream 2 meet u
...even THEY won't hit that bad all season. They've played tough teams.
The contrast between how Apple, Google, and Amazon perceive content is fascinating. They all approach it in such drastically different ways.
It's went through my office last week. I thought I avoided it.
Awwh you make me smile :)
Hello, NC! How's the eLearning going there? Hope it's cooler, less humid than here in Columbus, OH @ Ohio State --> 85 F, 85% H!
Thanks for the RTs &
After 12 years, Ruby still thinks that a friendly mani/pedi is meant to be a smack-down match.
I really hope Boosie doesn't make anymore music.
Always a great night when the Heat lose.
I couldn't imagine writing anything of length with the stock keyboard. Props to you.
Im so over it.
can u get me followers plzzz
Bfast club shooting this AM was great! Game Day too
Amazing how the air duct attack in SPECIMEN brings folks running like a fistfight in a schoolyard.
Why so you say you love someone just to hurt them . Then you really dnt, your jus looking for a relationship....
no.i died....lol.i saw you driving your car today! you were pullin into the ETSU parkin lot. i honked at and yelled at ya! :'(
you are joking! are you driving that convertible up to SF?
not really. I grew up with meat. Though I chose not to eat it now, there's a nostalgia for foods of my childhood. Options.
Let's do it! I might have to start with a small one--maybe a handkerchief?
#freetebow for the
Lol! I love that rant! I told you it works for everything! I'm gonna call you tomorrow, for real this time. Lol
A movie I feel we'll see somewhere after ? Def aka BEAUTY IS EMBARRASSING , so good!
.: there are cases of slaves working in Jewish households who adopted Judaism & who later even started their own synagogues.
5 minutes to compress a file, not too shabby. Probably would've taken an hour a few years ago
Knock KnockWho's there !Amazon !Amazon who ?Amazon of a gun !
What a great accomplishment! RT : we're approaching 40,000 questions answered with #vizwiz--maybe yours will be lucky number 40,000!
i love your profile picture! Cal me cuz!
Good question! Need to show Ohio & surrounding areas some love : )
not a baseball fan at all...but that worked before, so I stuck with it. But now I remember it's relief pitchers...ah well!
i packed this bowl for two, i wanna smoke it with y o u .
The only country guy I need(:
O-H-I-O . Awesome. #GO Bucks
a may series in Oakland has never been so interesting
Welcome all new and returning team members to team KMC 2012!
o ok gotcha LOL
ah last time i went ice skating i got my finger sliced by someone's skate, never going again
we hear you! ours are self-paced, so the faster you finish, the cheaper they are - talk about motivation!
"May the Fourth be with you! LOL, it's Star Wars day! So clever." -Me in 2009.
exciting events will be takin place soon
My successful morning consists of hitting 4 pages of my 20 page paper. Gotta keep the momentum going!
Get a good dose of veggies by making an omlett with just 1 egg and lots of veggies! Don't forget the spinach...gotta get those greens!
The field for the 2011 NCAA Men's Ice Hockey Championship is set
- and I just registered. Done and done!!
RT Don't forget Sat's big occupy event: 12PM, Wells Fargo Bank (Richmond & Central)
Ugh. Food poisoning or stomach flu and I feel miserable :-(
Back at you!
New movie coming soon. I just love directing!!!
don't believe it, I know the only person in the world who can do that
yes absolutely!! But sometime before 6pm your time??
Congrats ! You deserve it!
Pro sports is an entertainment industry. Ridiculous post game fashion is entertaining. Why so serious #NBAtwitter?
You all were awesome today! Congrats! Thanx for taking the pic w/me!
I would.. Lol ": im not even gone do it !! RT : #FITB ____ Cheats on their Boo"
saw her the other week live (again)!
Milwaukee needs some Shaffir. Just sayin'.
I bought neither. Thank you very much. And I won't but this one. I don't need a sash to feel like a beauty queen.
I still turn to u
It certainly is
Oh no, a suspicious egg is following me on Twitter! :)
I know it's not summer yet, but wow. This is what we wait for all winter!
What Chamber of Commerce guy constantly tries to convince everybody that business sucks in his hometown?
Anyone else notice a serious surge in customer activity? We are going gangbusters! Looks like we are turning the corner!
Beautiful day !!! Come out and eat the best sandwich in town !!!!!
Friendship hangs on to win the boys Washington Charter League Championship over Thurgood Marshall 69-65. DC Youth Rock!
Beautiful Kodachrome footage from "someplace Foothills-y" in the 40s gets us another bingo winner!
#ThingsSheNeverToldYou I'm only wit u for your money.. <U+E40D><U+E40D><U+E40D> Smh
My neighbor got this dumb ass dog that barks 24/7. I'm bout to feed his ass some chocolate.
I have heard that the last time the O's had a doubleheader against the Rangers at home they lost 30-3 in the first game. That is FALSE...
If I had a productivity meter, it would indicate that I am lacking productivity.
It's just those rainy days
take yo ass ta sleep droski
driver do stop alltyuh
#TwitterProblem Twitter has decided to randomly un-follow tweeps that I follow regularly - extremely irritating!!!
The Giant Mechanical Man opens A romance develops between Janice, a woman in her 30's who has yet to learn how to navigate adulthood, and
Not knowing is delicious suspense, though :)
youu kno I won't. Ohh and I'm doing it now...
via email? not at this time, but you can access your goals & write in your commitment journal via m.stickk.com from your mobile phone
This girl is too hyper ! wtf
Hahahaha my dogs are so scared right now cuz of this thunder storm but keep running outside lol
If ya'll don't go and #VOTE for one of my fav people on this earth ever to be on #RuPaulsDragRace. May the Lord forgive u!
good to see your smiling face. That looked like a cool experience!
I have my fave ICONic Boyz Following me! Vinny And Mikey! Yeeee! now i just need Nick!<3
and quite frankly if you go to Vegas and can't challenge an MMA fighter to a dance battle, than what's the point?
True. And the #Twins are having a spectacularly awful year. Maybe this will lead to a Brewers resurgence.
Few things in life are more funny than a local band with ego boxes and scrims.
Thanks! We'd love to chat sometime - let us know when you're available!
school is always a great look <TOP OF THE LINE>
Was about to tweet, then i realized i had a drink waiting for me.
.+|!_! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Can you believe us Grannies are visiting Croatia in less than month? What should we see and do? Any recommendations?
hahahah "welcome To chao city folks my names adam ill be your server for the night, i hope you enjoy the finest chow on the east"
They are horrifying. And do they all come with hot sauce? I don't like hot sauce.
And we shall laugh at how the moon divides an ocean solar. I wana be that ocean i wana shine like that...
My sister Jenna came up with a new JENNA-ISM: "Are the Watson's having a barbeque because gymnastics are on?......."
100 diseased can be cured with black seed, just simply eat it
You got it!
no. Stop.
Make a FB Event, and I'll be there! :)
Instead of the #Bachelorette they should call it D-Bag Survivor Lol
I've had like 10 naps today. It's totally awesome.
I love glee :(
SOL market cracks me up. There's a place called BFD going in on Park - they should be next to each other, with FML.
hahaha I should x)
I promise we'll do our best
lets wrestle on your trampoline!!
Just got done presenting, feels good to be done with Haddad's class for the rest of the year.
u sound like a freak thas a good thing lol
Sitting with David Loerchter to talk about how to turn my LMC into a Learning Commons at SIGMS Breakfast.
Give it up for the Newcastle pluck, Diaby stupidity. Great match. Gunners First BPL club to lose 4 goal lead.
Where is my invite for the games?? Roxbury Friday night, Supperclub Saturday night and Barney's for Sunday NFL Football.
Michael franti you gotta be here
I like the song payphone, but im confused where he found a payphone and where his cellphone was....
New Projects in the works!!!
they don't want people cancelling other's selections?
for the follow! Welcome
Don't forget to watch the tca's
Facebook, twitter, work. I'm gonna need a good evening.
There's a Tory Burch look alike at the restaurant
Had a final earlier, now time to test my luck yet again- watching "Survival of the Dead" ah, the bliss of a true weekend
That one virgin who always talkin bout how much pussy he get. -__- #Shutup!!!!
- Hey Oklahoma City Cody Jasper plays a custom made Buckley Guitar! Nice work Buckley!!
no fog fall this morning! Guess you and Reuben have to come back some time.
just witnessed a hole in one, 5 north
thanks for following me. Its nice to see Latinas interested in politics!
You text him, he doesn't back. He was obviously so excited that you texted him that he fainted.
A team who defeats the defending SuperBowl champ and plays the following week on the road is 0-14. Giants...?
I have bad luck with big chances that could lead to being life chaning :(
aye I've tried at times, but it likke youu too good for mee or something!!? Idk what it is...?
good morning Bella. I heard today that when a male touches his nose. He is ready for sex? Any truth to that?
If your rims still spin on your ride...that's a shame.
call me!
Waiting for responses to Qs RT : I'd be surprised if wouldn't be a better friend to bicyclists than
oh well since you asked do nicely... What do you want :)
no prob, just saw you tweetin' so thought I'd ask
Another couple great ones I downloaded for free was CCleaner and Malwarebytes Anti-Malware...GREAT STUFF!!!! Seriously.
Ran to the store to buy cigarettes...came back with two packs of #JuicyFruit gum instead - are you proud of me?
I believe love can be found in any person who puts their HEART into it not their mind. Think about it
I believe that you can run a mile in 6:44. Don't forget to stretch before and after ;-)
Can not get audio on tv in the cave to play thw wii. I reek
: It'll be streamed most likely, but we can't do it in HD without a paid account (which we haven no budget for).
man, I wish I knew that when I passed up a case of bananas for $5 this weekend!
"It was asking: Why am I the only woman here? during law school that first led me to campaign for women's rights." Unity Dow at USM today
Callin you have you found it yet?
Is it to early/late to trade for Jerry Hairston again?
It'd be way more shocking if Queen Latifah came out as a real Physical Therapist after her attempt at portraying one in
In my search for evidence to prove you wrong I only found videos of them sneezing or farting... guess that's life in a glass box
sounds rough. Prayers for a quick delivery. Go! Go! Go! Love D
#NFAIS Potential of socialbook is a change akin to those times you recognized that you could just google the answer to your question.
all people say thank's HUGH HEFNER!!!
After a week off of school I'm too tired to come back
Your name is correct, you are beautiful (:
Dude you have to pay for that My Brushes app!
Just picked up another booking! :)
bleh. just cleaned for 2 hours xP
Is the disappearance of homemade Chex mix a net loss or gain for American cuisine?
lets be smoke buddies then lol
golden globe show was great
God is Good!! Nobody greater!! Sometimes you gotta just tell someone how good God is in the MIDST of it and AFTER he brings you OUT!!
Just home from the most beautiful wedding where the bride and groom totally love each other and the Lord. Congratulations, Katie and Calvin!
Bankers Life Fieldhouse is quickly turning into Assembly Hall.
Reading the Steve Jobs biography, covering the CSO overseas and trying to decide whether it's ironic that my MacBook power cord died.
Why at home?
Via BGN's Almightypudster: What is your ideal playing weight?
if im louder would you see me?- well id hate to break t to ya but people hear you before they see you first anyway so.....
I got it on Amazon! The one I bought was $10.00 with shipping and everything :)
I'm a big fan of ! Keep up the great work. Be well, Ryan.
Great fucking day of racing.... I'm surprised I can still type considering all the adult beverages I've consumed!
haha Lady Gaga could be correct depending on the placement of 'you & i'. right? or am i grammatically inferior at this point?
=D Life is made!! <3
I'm so ready I can hardly focus!
But the Mizuno's are PURPLE and I love purple right now. :)
LOL that's a great name for a bar.
It looked so good!!
the name's carla....and i'm just dying to be her.
Rogers is talking about the open endedness of Lucille Clifton's poem
Where have they been keeping Colin Firth this whole time?
seriously, I'm part of a group of academic/activists in the US. This conversation is at least 10 years behind where we are.
Boo to walking dogs in this rain!!!! :(
lol, okay. I love you. You make me laugh!
If you want someone to spill a secret, make them watch Peppa Pig for an hour. Torture.
A Christian cannot help but read the Scriptures. To be a Christian is to rejoice in the power of the Holy Spirit . . .
There is no rush to greatness! So while the world is in a rush I'm gonna use my time to try to be perfect!
How weird is this shit. Lesnar & H are already in a feud in my #WWE12 & now it's being brought to life. What are the odds?
We're very excited to have in the studio tomorrow! It's going to be a very fun & productive day.
#NYC #Fashion #Brooklyn check it out!! RT Celebrate Brooklyn designers 's trunk show Sat 2-6
Believe all families should have health coverage? Vote 4 by commenting www.smcscommunityvote.com
RT : The thing I love about baseball is that it has all the excitement of football, packed into 162 4 hour games.
Lebron didnt even shake hands... WOW
Be happy tonight #BC fans, you're going down next week. Remember BU=Beanpot.
about to witness the umd gamer symphony orchestra's annual concert, in the american art museum courtyard. awesome!
Before i sleep,, I ask one question tou you guys!!!... where your thumb????ahaha
If you spot any polling discrepancies tomorrow, please call our office at 410-338-4036. And report it on Twitter using #bmorevotes !
"No Beer Here," the new single by Amy Ames, has been released nationally and globally to Country and Americana radio stations! AirPlay
"Drawing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing."
Had so much fun in Olivia's backyard making s'mores ! So fun ,(:
Omg a wittle asian baby!!!!!!!
#TurnToYou is ligit, I saw it last night, and it seems like no one has been talking about it! But I love it!
it's also a ? of how much maintenance it requires. Even people who know how just may not want to spend the time.
I am about to start saying g'day mate to everyone.
Oh yay! I seriously thought i was the only one that did that!
We gotta get cass and joy to join us! That would be pure chaos! Lol!
Thank you so much for the kind words! We got a lot in the production line and and can't wait to see where it all takes us.
With lil bro texting my baby(I miss her alot)
Wisc. cheese and sausage plate should tame the in-law crew. Holding my breath, here I come.
we are testing right now. Later this week well have a launch page up where you can sign up to be one of our first beta users.
Ah come on Singers, no offence, I love you all, but singing is boring.
EAT MY DOG INSTEAD.
Hey Whats up!
Testing ELIS for Moodle 2 - I like the way role archetypes work with ELIS contexts, makes advanced hierarchies cleaner/easier
Everything sucks
I'll do mine later. In 30th now
too bad im broke and spent my money and Bjs
Same to you Simone! RT : Happy
Ok GN/GM
The apple (pun intended ;-) doesn't fall far from the tree.
Petit Syrah will make your tongue SO black.
haha soo true!! Except you are too beautiful to ever look ugly!! I miss you!
Industry image in by Shawn Records
we shouldn't do this. Not again. Besides, we see you with and you look so happy.
Yesterday I dreamed of Austin, as I dreamed it twice, here say they dream the same dream three fold happens
with 9/10 of my HARP 2 apps, I asked client if they tried 2reach out 2 prev LO- 1 of 2 respnses- cant remembr them; they wont call back
I had a feeling you'd know better. Thanks for the info.
I beat you in Zombie Qrank today. Burn. And no, I haven't read the latest book yet - gonna pick it up soon.
Really? Do you know anything about them?
Only three days until
its SO good, you have to stay until th end of the credits!
I agree expands the range of Blackness
Great news! I am a Wendy fan! MT I'm the sidekick for a new radio show. Unbound with Terri Nunn. Sat nights 6-8! KCSN 88.5 FM!
sweet i wanna make a trip to sf soon as i get my car.
And she's not thirsty, she's HUNGRY so yall better watch out lol “ Seriously tho that girl is a hoe !”
I totally agree - gov't civil unions, leave marriages to relig. institutions. But I don't think it'll happen.
Thanks Angela!
you talk about your boobs all the time haha!
ASS IS PETTY AF! BUT I LOVE HER!
good morning :-)
#AtTheEndOfTheNight I say well I don't need this class to graduate so I'm going to bed.
. On the other hand, I find that blasting out cryptic tweets in frustration to be incredibly theraputic!
RT : RT : You must learn to translate wisdom and strong feelings into labor.~Jim Rohn
Jon nothing you say ever makes sense.
KES (1969 film): David Bradley's performance puts other child actors to utter shame. After Rossellini, before Dardennes, there's Ken Loach
i'd be lying if i told you that losing you was something i could handle
you ain't alone Now
Watching #thewalkingdead. Its freaking awesome!
Well, I guess this is what happens when half your starting lineup is back up players. And no, Utley in Howard will not fix this...SORRY
I promise I shall! Soon enough, you'll have to come to SD for a visit :-) Have a wonderful weekend!!
how different would 's life be if he had gotten busted for the times he smoked marijuana? barry the ex-con working at mcdonalds?
In honor of all the other ones you didn't?
Thanks Gordon.
#TweetYourEyeColor brown. Plain and simple
Thanks! That article must have come out a few years back though.
I wish It was Friday already..
#ivealwayswantedto ride a bike inside the walmart store and say "oh you know, just taking it on a test ride"
RT Never waste an opportunity to tell someone you love them, because you never know, tomorrow may be too late. So true :)
We should RT : Can we blame Wade for coming up short? No. I understand
They sure get around! RT : Saw a couple of Great Blue Herons in the back yard this morning.
Right when Im having a good dream I wake up to the sound of people cutting the grass on my lawn -.- Oh well
I just hate
oh hey
Did you know? A dirty air filter can increase your gas consumption and lower the heating capacity of your unit by as much as 50%.
Zero Finals down, FIVE to go... Just be nice... Please :)
Hanging in the famous C-8 for #Stroupe auditions with and
Houston Hoops lose to All Ohio Red in Sweet 16 of AAU Nationals (59-73)
“: Got 3 hit pieces in the mail today"The SD R party is so destructive and negative.U make the world dark place. GetLost!
That's it. I'm gonna try after hearing them on Watch out, Bywater. I'm coming.
we share the same birthday. Have a good one!
#Seaweed is the most #Nutritionallydense #Plants on the #Planet as they have access to all the #Nutrients in the #Ocean! #FOODMATTERS!
I've seen pics of bitches naked on twitter ... What's the deal here
Raining in DC, still in fourth inning, need to get to middle of fifth b4 Bryce HR becomes official...
Might delete my POF account. It's worthless. Not attracted to anyone on that site!
National Weather Service just upgraded all of #NYC to a Winter Storm Warning... now expecting 6-10in of snow by 2am!
Your a bum
Isn't that part of the "private citizen" action thing rather than leading as the mayor?
I love you too future ms.herrera xoxo
hey girl, sorry for the late reply, haven't got around to being on here for a while...but I'm alright! what about u? x
sounds fun. (: Not a lot here, just watching tv.
Moving up getting life insurance!!!!
Cant even tell if its nice outside or not. From my window it looks like crap so im staying in bed.
Lunch revenge is best served on the crapper. -LaJuan Foust
There are those who give with joy, and that joy is their reward.
This band is kickin out jamz.
follow please:D
I'm a Hobbit reader too. They're also creating a movie of another favorite, The Runelords. vote on actors
Every fan of #thevoice is saying who the F are Darly Hall and John Oates.
Ha! For Royals fans, hoping it is our time, or at least getting close.
yeeeaah. Everything about the bradley center kinda is a turn off for me. But whatchu doing tonight? IM FREE AT LAST!
Off to NYC
No joke ? damn , why she break my phone ?
nice win!
I haven't slept for ten days, because that would be too long.
I don't doubt it for an instant!
EVPH keep on RADAR for MONDAY had a great day today.....
Police found my car! The thieves "borrowed" my guitar from the trunk so the 'More than words' flashmob singalong is cancelled tonight.
by the time you read this I'll be gone..somewhere off on my own living the dream that you never gave me a chance to live
She really dosent understrand how much I like her in love her. She makes me so happy it's crazy in I do everything I can too make her happy
#womenfarmer leader: "All women should join Sunhara program!"
My wisdom tooth and sinuses! Uggh
doubt it he a loser alchoholic
LOL! He always do that. LOL! :)
he seems to be a baseball GENIUS...he knows more about defense then anyone who has ever watched baseball
that's very creepy.
Never say you're not good enough, if that person can't see you for who you are, then they are the ones who aren't good enough .
Just registered for #ChelseasRun this weekend with Anyone walking or running on Saturday?
Thanks so much!!!!! xoxox
Auditioning can be such fun! The CD was so clear, gave great direction, & allowed me freedom to play! A good reminder of why I do what I do!
I've had three dreams this weekend: 1) on the run from police for months 2) mysteriously gone missing for two years 3) traveled back in time
**ATTENTION MODELS & DANCERS** MAKE SURE YOUR @ E.S.B.N MONDAY NIGHTS @ ALLURE (2224 elm st) 8 PM FOR AUDITIONS FOR PAID GIGS... RETWEET!!!
Wolf Signs is still available at Amazon, B&N and iTunes. FREE! If you haven't tried the wolfies, now's your chance
thank you darlin':)
I didn't get a chance to taste the koolaid...
Shows in Cali bout Ready!!!! I'm bout to be a Cali Girl
here at the crib gettin ready. U?
ARE YOU READY? Ghjcdksaw :D
Mecca Here I Cum.
same here!
4 hours to finish a paper and a powerpoint presentation... let's go!!
that was on my Glogster!
Our cheering station is hopping! Snacks, cookies from and lots of supporters like the wonderful
Thats right they ain't got SHHHHH on $2uesdays at #OBSESSIONS! MYKKO MONTANA LIVE TONIGHT!
Dont forget we'll be at Chelis Chili in Dearborn tomorrow night!! We start at 10:00, see you there!!
Why is "Who Is Paul McCartney" trending?? Someone explain, please.. STUPID kids today! Don't know a thing about real music.
Andrew, aka is behind the bar serving drinks and flashing. Come to the sexy
"Beauty might bring happiness, but happiness always brings beauty."
Oh. I get it. You're gonna help win the election for your party by disenfranchising tax paying citizens who vote. Let me know how it goes.
happy mothers day
just got the new NI MASCHINE and going nuts with this monster lololol
Stacy's mom has got it goin on:p
lmao stop talking about me man. Ain't nobody showing out for twitta. I love you too tho, nigga.
sitting at home!
It's not too late to go to my Face Book fan page, Todd Miner Law, and register for a free driving course for your son, daughter, grandchild.
favorite holiday scent has to be pine!! Love the smell of a fresh xmas tree!!
Also press outlets who are not invited but buy WWDC tickets to cover the keynote. Apple should offer limited # of Media passes.
I should of left before these feelings began,... now look at the pain in my eyes.
Officially the only person I know who tried to Shazam something on my own phone...
A million feelings, a thousand thoughts, a hundred memories, all for one person <3
Well tonight's Glee was really an awesome show.
I'd love to be watching some Empire Strikes Back today
website's rockin, I'm excited it's finally up and running! If I order your ebook will you e-sign it?
I Have NEVER Had The Chance To See Perform Live Hopefully I'll Have The Pleasure To One Day!!!
Gutter Gardens%3A Reuse Rain Gutters to Create a Space Saving Garden. http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2FtKOn6I
still killin time. finna see this movie with !!!
feel better t-money<3
Who you guys got?
Getting dressed to hit the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
The lead singer from Green Day has a real name? I've been calling him 'Green Day' this whole time.
The big day is near come sign up and save 40% on classes Come now !!!!!!
You're more than welcome // Thanks for being leaders in your #Greek community
as opposed to dying in a aircraft where anything else goes wrong and you die?
Dis finna b a hell of a concert
#1citysummit at table 49 with the youth mayor and participants range in age from 14 to 90. Huge applause for !
That could go in the non sports related stuff haha. How's school going?
If You Mail - Read This! - 2% Discount On Mail Containing a QR Code During July/August. Pending final approval from PRC. -...
skype works great to!
#artpolitics silence or ambient sound as ambient citizenship
Ppl need to tame their damn kids
Shana is an older series (2005), so it makes sense for the DVD. The BD though, they upscaled it in Japan for a quick buck.
Have you made sure you are following and have "liked" us on Facebook? You could win a leather cuff as seen on style blogger !
Muscles are cold or, in other words, are not receiving very much blood flow. This is how muscles are pulled/strained.
#lessexcitingbandnames A.A.W.A. - African Americans Wit Attitude
Smiling...all is good...smooches!
I feel great :D
Omg! I missed Glee today cause I was watching the NFL Network. :(
Photos from the Invisible Disabilities event that was held on 6-29 at Comedy Works - Landmark have finally been posted on the Soko Photo Fa…
Flight booked!
Come on #Bulls!!! Let's Go!
Losing a husband can be hard: in my case it was almost impossible
Brushing all the doggies is a misson lol
Cigarette smoke <<<<
needs a crash course in twitter... anyone want to teach me?
I got my exemption card today. I think I'm going to exempt my spanish exam. I don't feel like taking it.
I just wanna pop bottles n chill with the models
Indeed! Nothing like a bath at the end of a long day.
RT : Gentlemen, let me leave you with some advice... If you want to live a long life, just remember, women are ALWAYS right
Will you be taking your kid(s) to see The Hunger Games this weekend? Why or why not?
smh I'm going to get him! His lying self.
Have commencement speakers seriously still not been named?
TONIGHT - Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music at ABQ's Best Danceclub!!!
Not even close for a Blago type place...nice neighborhood though...good bar...right off the el stop
By the way: when do I get my visit from you two ladies?!? and are waiting!
I just wasted 30 minutes of my life watching a show called "Chopped" and not once did they cook with cocaine like I was hoping they would.
Thanks. This was on 40m. Cheap Alinco 100w radio and dipole tossed out the kitchen window. ;-)
It feels tropical in Milwaukee right now! Who agrees?
Follow us back We carry rock smith Thanks
Weather Channel says four #tornado warnings in #Dallas. That's just crazy. Hope all my friends and family are safe.
Time to go watch the new #ModernFamily!!!! woo
Trying to figure out what to do with my last 40 minutes of serfdom.
Loving my Baby :) I swear we grow more love for each other everyday <3
I need to learn how to take jokes on twitter
OMG I EFFING KNOW. YESTERDAY... alkdhglkahg. this is mia btdubs.
gotcha got both w try phone thanx again
Chicken is good too.....
Got a case of the Mondays? Come on in later for some fresh cookies, cold milk or even some fresh coffee. omnom!
thanks I just had to unfollow my unfollowers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Easy Fitness got me back on track to eat healthy and feel good! Its a lifestyle change.
So much to do this weekend in Columbus, #MarchMadness, #AutoShow, and #StPatricksDay. Is anyone attempting all 3?
Thx! RT Sorry I can't be there reppin' you today.Tell them a C student went to Paros and it was the best experience ever!
Nobody wakes up slim, if they do they need to see a Doc ASAP
Lions finally on the clock! WOOT!
Im in love with and new remix together! I have it on repeat go check it out!
planet of the apes and tell me how it was ;-)
I think they keep them locked away somewhere where they are untouchable by the ladies.
stingy with funds too
Son of a nutcracker! Looks like we're experiencing some downtime. Tracking down the source of the issue now.
yep hopefully over!
That was a huge 3 by Wisconsin... We might have an upset
RT : RT : Get serious about yourself if you want someone else to take you seriously.
glad you were all there last night to support a great cause. we had a blast as usual
My review of the first half of Spielberg's Tintin movie: "If Snowy don't talk, the film's a crock." (Watching the rest tonight.)
glad to see you online. How are you feeling?
Daily Sketch Writing Suggestion: the man you love is turning into a horse, he wants you to help him, but you rather like him this way.
I still bump this one on the reg. It's 5 star Friday on my iPod shuffle today, presently You Could Me Mine, GnR.
maybe can share (off line, of course).
The natural order of life is Man,Woman and child. When that natural order is threatened,the world is off balance!
#Aetna has redeemed themselves and approved our friend's surgery! Thanks #Aetna. Next time maybe you could just approve it straight away?
thx for coming to our house! RT : Great to host you yesterday !
it was great :D thanks
Sad but true. Woman Ticketed in Raytown for littering. Tossed a Cigarette Butt. Priorities seem a little misplaced to me.
he said.. "meeeeeoooow"
If health care costs were lower, many employers would be hiring more people, says
Jas, I love you, but please don't talk smack about the Oxford comma, or I will be forced to defend its honor.
I feel that I know that moment all too well.
If a woman repeatedly cheats on her husband, they call her a "whore." But if a man does it, the GOP calls him a "frontrunner."
if PHAME was a superhero, we'd be the brightest, fastest, most song-and-dance Superman ever! (also, we <3 ) :)
im loving the hair lol
It's Monday all ready time is flying
Had a bad day. A hug from my would make my day brighter!
I'm soo bored in this bowling alley -.-
“: Loving the home love crazy weather but that's Cleveland!!! Love it!!!” come to scoreboards
At halftime Dakota leads the Jam 52-46. Juan Pattillo serves as a momentum changer for the Jam leading the team with 10 points off the bench
Great win in Columbus!
Remember in elementary school when the last week were parties and field day? The good ol days.
I got an umbrella for you, come through...
Fantastic to hear. Keep me posted :)
have practice from 7 to 9 by Reliant.
Good Morning!! :) You should have some Blackcurrant for breakfast.
Eating some wasabi peas from the new in Fox Point. Love that place!
So hopefully Will finally come to Houston like
To me, that could apply to a lot of dance music. BTW, Deerhoof is not as bad, but somehow I don't enjoy it as much.
I know it's hard over there cause it's raining hard over here on the inside of my womb... innumerable fire...
What's up fam? It's ruckus from let me know if there's anything that we can do for you! Follow back if u want!
or the person is just so attractive that they want to retweet it from them.
I just can't decide on what shirt to get.
what do you want the ? Shut up!
What happened to the good old days of wearing your best sear sucker suit while you waited for the trolley? My mind is stuck in 1954 Zonks!
Armondos at the mall!
PLEASE come to nyc more often?
I call it like it is, Schafer looks very good. And this team is much better than last year.
finished book, great book. Thanks for getting it for me!
RIP Big Man....The sax that made me love music
nominate me...I want the job
At the 5th and K location of Bus Boys & Poets. Its at 4:30
Congratulations for winning the Caudill Award, on book Powerless! Thanks for skyping with my students too!
“: A police officer told me to keep my nose clean-I don’t have a nose so, problem solved.”
We are not trainers. We are thinkers who happen to trainers... -MindFirstFitness
There's zero chance ill be running outside w snow on the ground. We replaced the runs w late trips to the gym, u can join that?
: So good to meet you Ryan! Definitely hoping to catch a show soon, if not on Saturday.
Hey can yu follow and let her know that i sent yu! shes an amazing singer! thanks xo
Sherman Oaks, he's your neighbor.
From SeaWorld(work) to the La Jolla shores =) Do some yoga, meditate... Relax!
Niggas is feelin this damn bonnet 2day (shrugs shoulders & sips coffee)
In your marketing communications, determine the desires of your customers and fulfill them.
on deck
says We are witnessing a capitalist revolution, collaborate to solve social issues,1st impact entrepreneurs = Ben & Jerry’s
again wrong Sam.
#1DVDforme because its the most amazing DVD ever! :)
Kief. It's what's for dinner.
I want panda express so bad l have been craving this whole entire week uh so hungry l hope l can go soon :/
Jerry Jones should just fire Wade Phillips now...this team is a joke. No emotion at all from a team that was supposed to be in Super Bowl
New podcast coming together with email marketing, YES
what would be the best thing to do ? if you could e mail me and help me i would be very greatful !!
I would be very interested in seeing a picture which conveys everyday life, something outside of the tourist zone.
With like always
Also... just had great discussion with guy who works for me... it ended with a question - What is your basis for truth?
ahh, I'll be over soon! <U+E405>
Hoping for a a Pot O' Gold at the end of this rainbow!! Busy Busy Busy!! :)
How old were you when you learned how to french kiss? Kim: 13, Beck: 13, Pat: 26
is that for me 2?
Holy balls, that thunder was loud! Lightning and then a huge boom that scared me and the dog out of bed. completely unexpected.
woohoo! window trim is up, doors are in, moving right along.. just wish others were working outside too
Hard to believe almost this time last week we were heading down to ! We miss our vendors & friends. Happy Fri everyone!
(Oh Stephen King, I love ya, man.)
Yo, Luck.. Welcome to the team!
what other turd? I have 3 twitter accounts. Watch yer self.
I think so too “ bye camilla u kno everything on elease is REAL! now im conviced that camilla is jealous of her”
Welcome to Twitter
pound the alarm!
I might actually succeed in finishing my work if not for you crazy kids.
Thats whats up! RT : wow, just got contacted by a major label who wants us to produce a project for one of their top artists
Can't wait 'til tomorrow. I love Mondays, when I can return to my cyber world with no interruption from mortals.
RULE 1: Mutherfuckers dont care about you and your well being. Always look out for #1. You are the only person who will make sure YOU are ok
Yeah. There's always a hint of condescension in his voice. Never been a fan.
You're so nice I bet your kids could convince you to grade their own on the honor system :)
u made my literary day! ya heard? the sum of the parts is g8r than the whole
Send Your Monster Truck To Flight! With this game you can do it!
#nw living single
Lolol, thought so.
Don't forget LiLLiES also provides full service offsite #catering, as well as a lovely private room for your #parties and get-togethers!
sorry, your tweet is confusing. are you insinuating the value lies in betting on the jazz or the spurs?
Thanks for following me back. I just love your band. <3<3<3<3.
Author C. Dempsey will read from/sign his newly-published sci fi novel The Exiles of The New World on 4/20 at 6:30
Why was rose in the game when the game was won lol, looks like Indiana and Miami are the two favorites now Pacers!!
More seriously not sure where to stand on #Wikileaks admire persistence & cause but concerned less altruistic will abuse its power in future
I don't even understand how you're related to her!
Bonjour TikiDolls, youre in control of your destiny. Put your hottest shoes on and your best foot foward! Today is yours for the taking! (:
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 30
Damn we got some jealous bitches in here lmao
WEMLB (What ever Major Loser Bleh!)
I wish I was still 9 years old. Mainly because that's when I was in a relationship with
so google translate is telling me he said "you're clever i love you" ????????? what
Harper goes first to third on soft single to left. 19 years old. Unreal.
Falling asleep to steady rain and rumbling thunder >>>>
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 22
Me watching melo play defense is like tipper gore watching ichi the killer
K. Dolby, 30, stabbed P. Molina, 17, in Veguita, with a knife. "It is a pointy one." he said. "I sharpen my knives a lot. I don't know why."
It's a BIG day for because she gets to meet her long time online buddy this evening in #Houston !!!
First game of the second round for the spurs. They had 8 days off nshit. Well that's what happens when we be sweeping niggas.
most people don't bc its a small town!
your Amazing,very Handsome and my favourite Actor I LOVE YOU
I knew today was significant-- it's my Dad's birthday! You'd think I'd remember since this is also the day I got baptized in 2000.
I dislike tweets that give play by play of a game. add some value, people! I can see what's happening!
text me?
That's awesome! I have to come check out your church sometime. My friend Dana Motte loves it!
#TBT today don't forget :) <3
YLA 16 is digitally enhanced! If you have a smart phone, please download a QR code reader app. It's free and will give you access to more.
going 2 go finish hw then play basketball. i pulled a muscle recently but that doesn't stop me. i've been playin 4 almost 7 years. i luv it
What details do you want to know about the exhibit?
“: “: ": Nutella is gross" what the hell is wrong with you”shut up" you first”I said shut up" and I didnt
noticed you were at Jade Monkey....follow
thanks for putting it in perspective. :)
Haha. I blame the lazy players. It's a 3 on 3 league and there were a lot of 2 in 0's and 3 in 1's.
Fixing American Education-CNN American Classrooms technology laden: Smartboards and Laptops.
I will, I'm gonna be up all night cramming
Re:Facebook changes-Facebook is becoming as bad as Netflix & George Lucas combined! It was fine the way it was, leave it alone!
How is my favorite Ben? Good day?
So yes, you too can dish out advice that you don't have to take.
give some to me, I use tons of onions.
It does seem like a cruel trick to name a Japanese man's granddaughter "Evelyn"; but then he did name me a name he couldn't pronounce.
Hi! Thanks for the follow! Are you both pursuing careers in the arts?
"I don't think there is a successful social service, except Facebook, that people early on said "this is a sure thing". Agree !
Troubleshooting Minecraft crashes with Google is a hellish nightmare of blurry youtube screencasts with bad music.
I turned my computer. Now it's updating. So slow.
time to face the devils! You ready?
This man Andre is cookin right now
Zonked after heavy bout of returns, shopping, and lunch. But there are worse ways to spend a Saturday afternoon. Thanks !
Happy birthday ! Hanging at McFad's. I have a Bud and some friends, gonna be a great day!
What a speech Pres Obama gave. He is an awesome orator.
If you want happiness for a year, inherit a fortune...
how are we doing this surprise now genius
Ah, akin to changing POV. Interesting take.
I'm not sure people understand why Suggs' ability to set the edge on runs AND rush the passer is so rare. Best in football at that combo.
Follw Back team
PSe Exclusive "The Last Of Us" Looks like uncharted meets left 4 dead
I guess there's always certain fears that never really leave us regardless of all we do to try to alleviate them.
Definitely getting my nails done tomorrow
Sneezing 20 times in a row<<<
“: Aw tell wifey I love her” I will
I am my own nap captain
Never trust a husband too far or a bachelor too near.
You are what you give yourself into
at least the infographic is cool looking.
Thank you for the #ff shout out!
house ima buy. Can't tell you where it is
Me and my man been on this Nintendo 64 though all day
it's a poster, man. A freaking poster. We aren't hanging a banner for it.
Seriously! You are a little slice of heaven for the eyes. :)
oh, always my fault.
I dont like them they like ME
if I was buying a Blackberry tablet I'd need luck. This, not so much.
watching movies with the kids and eating a box of Pretzel M&M's
Your movie was absloutly amazing! You are my role moddel.<3 i cried during your movie & i cant wait to go to your concerts<3
Sure thing. Best of luck!
Have a Super-Sensational Saturday!.....Spread Love
RT : Its so hot! I should he naked!! >> me too!
trying to find Austin's schedule ... (: haha ; planning my day to meet him. My mama finally said yes. <3 hbu?
aye cutie.(; follow us <U+2665>
im falling for u i guess. think it started at the bowling alley yesterday
I swung by yesterday for women's cycling forum (great, btw) and asked this afterwards. Told it's kindof OK as long as I don't eat
Good Morning! I LOVE YOU!
Stop with the "fat talk".Poor self body-image lead to depression & pressure to be thin.
tomorrow I work in the morning, but in the afternoon I'm free.
Luxury portfolio in Santa Fe presenting at our office meeting
Independent artists have a dream and a perspective to share with you. Listen!
U act like these guys are the only superstars to join forces and it drives me crazy.
Excited about seeing Tune-Yards show in SB this evening. Will it be amazing? Will it show up in my Race & Performance lecture tomorrow?
Nice to see you on twitter!
I feel like a piece
No <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> stupid fag lol
dear #madonna. english dick is no excuse for english diction. loves you,
That is a very good article Patti! Thanks for sharing.
I wanna be right where you are...
lent is over. Learn the ways of the 'fam' Mike.
But in hindsight it was so heavily influenced by Devon Townsend that I might as well just listen to fucking Devin Townsend.
shit friday and saturday I gotta be at work 2 early...damn!!!..that's alrite I'll be wit u2 in spirit...
Definitelyy , and it works for all of his songs haha !
Fox 9 in Minneapolis saying it might be another 30 minutes? FUUUUUUUUUUUCK
Great article and photos of our event!
This week's specials: Bangkok Noodles, Chap Chae, Spicy Orange
Thanks for coming out to see us!
I had the opportunity to go to Big Woods Brewery in Nashville, wow..great food and fabulous beer! Loved the Busted Knuckle Beer!
I wish they would put the ripcord Halley's Comet on the shelf.
CNN! 28 for us
We are stoked to have two of our organizers attending next week!!
Thanks for the warning!
;). Although I never claim cheating...just mass conspiracy.
WOW in that "modeling" pic, T-2 is the spitting image of
I believe everyone does <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> don't you?
#nms30 Checked out #ukedchat for a Euro-perspective. Mostly social, but some digital recommendations.
I think so too - what companies are you expecting the biggest moves from?
Talk about finger snapping toe tapping music; listening to Willie Bobo's "Fried Neckbones and Some Home Fries" track. HOT!!
what a fattie. come over this weekend so i can see him.
no problem? I learned quite a bit from your talk that I hope to put in to use.
Having hard time figuring out who is bigger hater joel pett and cartoon or
Let me know if you have any questions along the way! :)
Contact me!! 7 weeks left to come into Mona Vie for free.Nothing to lose much to gain. Enroll. www.thegreatproduct.com/dougnsonib -douggieb
Tim Gunn and Nina Garcia #otrc And looking FABULOUS!
60 yr-old middle eastern dude beside me on flight listening to The Venga Boys on his iPod.
Well people, today is the day will kill that bill! #SOPA Keep up the pressure on your Congresspeople today.
. OK, keep it down guys. is shooting daggers our way. I don't need any more trouble right now.
Heading out to the bars tonight? Send us your bar tweets via twitter.
You can get a Jalapeno Tuna footlong for $5 OR you can get a 6" Tuna, drink and your choice of side for just $5. #SUBWAY for lunch!
Block the sun (even though it's a bit cloudy), not the fun! Visit the Santa Rosa Medical Center ‘Pit Crew’ after s show!
Follow my new page it got hacked!
I'm pretty sure #Acquia connector / search is brilliant, installed Apache Solr & Facets API today with very few issues.
Chillin with the bros
Beware the barrenness of a busy life. Socrates
keep up the + energy.It's contagious ;)
tell Dr Sha I said hello please.
<3'd the campfire songs on last nights episode!! Future little singers ;) Adorable
Offering free product to Octomom is a risky PR strategy. Very opportunistic & inappropriate. Wrong message for any brand.
There's no salsa tonight! So it's going to be Suzie Homemaker and gym rat for me!
I made cake batter popcorn last night, And my coworker made red velvet cupcakes. Such a balanced diet we have
laying here in a tent.... in my backyard <333 haha oh how I can't wait for summer!!!!!!!(:
Can't believe he just said that...
I have Brooke and Pics will be taken of me during my presentation.
A big THANK U to the beautiful Coo for being the first supporter of my documentary! Thank u Leti, you will be remembered ;-)
According to Utah State is on it's way to the Mountain West Conference.
Driving down Maryland Prkwy these days reminds me of being back home on the dirt roads
All I want is a simple relationship with non-fighting.
haha, that's what I get for talkin & textin
That whole episode was brutal. And they're already having issues!
Awesome. Great start to my summer. This better not be a preview of how it's gonna be...
It would be close. I think we would beat you if Tbone was pitching. He shut down everyone and only pitched against the best.
at school being bored during math in the computer lab.....
Good call!
I can't get my bacon to come out the way it does at the diner.
I've gotten so much done tonight... but I still have so much to do .
I know you're not talking to me! :P
The good news? Found those conference proceedings you were looking for. The bad news? They're on...laser disk.
or maybe it was the bird flu. I don't remember. All I know is that I got really sick, really fast.
- what's the issue at Thomas Dale? My son was a student there last year.
LAUREN:Why do they call it Homework? KAILYNN:Because you work on it. At home. LAUREN:Hey , I never thought of it that way!!!!! :)
what is the matter with h are u sick ??? Like yoyo ONE DIRECTION is the best nigga
The only #World Series played btwn St. Louis' two teams, the Browns (AL) and Cardinals (NL), began today in 1944.
Making me jealous is not cute.
I mean you can ignore me its totally cool.
Ditto! I got the same message from ur account.
Video chatting ! Can't wait to be home and see her :)
Don't make this easy, I want you to mean it.
37 schools are either cancelled or delayed today. Check out wisn.com (I don't remember delays due to cold when I was a kid :)
Yes!! Hey gurrll!!
wish i wasn't so damn far away! Tell Dave to take u to the keys! :)
A thing of beauty and strangeness: my copy of Anne Carson's NOX has arrived (thx to fearless ).
"The fundamental question of social business: "What are you trying to solve for?" -
The only person who knows how Caylee ended up rotting in a swamp is free to live her "Beautiful Life"
Time for a New Avi
There's nothing like being woken up out of a drunken slumber by a floor buffing machine right outside your door.
Hell yeah. Stupid bitch don't know how to leave my fuckin boyfriend alone. You know who I'm talkin bout! Lmao
Wise man.
Join us in Detroit,Mi on June 26th and 27th at Mt Moriah Christian at 6pm 26th & 12845 W Chicago on 27th at 1pm
pretty sure cuse studied some film...
Not a bad crowd, after all, at game. Although I will not guess, since I am summarily awful at such things.
We took our kidz!
Isn't that a great building? My whole family stayed there before my wedding last year and they loved it!
Chris McCray? On the odd timing...
evil teachers !!!
Minnesota Vikings: Drafted Rookies Receive Their New Numbers
Salmon and macaroni and cheese for our late lunch, since we had a late breakfast!
Digster on . Your banner ads are still promoting Mother's day.
He tends to avoid these questions even when she is curious, not accusatory
ah someone is stalking us lol no but mine sounds like someone is trying to brake through my fence
Disco remix of the smiths?
Going home to take Ziggy to animal control. Here's to hoping they're better at finding him a new home than I was!
#Mavs cannot stop Russ/KD #Lakers and #Thunder will be second rd matchup. Should be a good one
Hungry for some donuts dont you ever just crave something whats your sweet cravings? I'm talking food here...
Hiya Haley -- just got back from Old Main!
Kohl said Skiles is one of the best coaches in the league. Excited to come back because we didn't get to playoffs so we're not satisfied
People dont go on twitter alot...
These two finals papers<<<
so awake at 5 am :P
yah u r finally using twitter is this kair or linda
Damn straight Adele!!! You deserve every bit of your success!!!
At the pepsi center ready for some #avs saw manny corpus in the gift shop
When i'm in the pool and I try to do a hair flip like Ariel and i look like a penguin with a neck spasm. <U+2665>
I saw that she follows you! Lucky haha she's awesome, she has a great voice :p
Wondering how many of my tax $$ will be paying for the 440,000 people in immigration custody this year. $95/day/person adds up...
How are navel piercings more socially acceptable than nose rings? It's like, that is a navel; you used to be attached to your mom with that.
Can you ask Will Wheaton to forgive me, he misunderstood Shut your cake hole.
ditto! PS I have a morkie and I'm taking the photo of ur dog you posted to my groomer. Literally need that exact cut on my dog!
RT : perhaps booking a ticket to Really thinking about it. ATL, should I come out? <- Yeah, you should. RT this, ATL!
i hope follows me she is very beautiful and talented :)
"Dream big and Dream Fierce!" great advice from Viola Davis as she accepted her SAG Actor Award for Best Actress.... words to live by!!
How about tomarrow? I think im done on my other one for tonight..(: I want to talk to her for the rest of the night
no, and oh how I wish I had.
These are a few of my favorite things.
Ah good choices! Kelly's or O'Niells
Hahaha wheres my friend bernie madoff when im in need for a get rich quick scheme
Thanks for the RT
#MyPastRelationships Forever Alone.
We are giving away cupcakes! Come to the family stage! 14th and Pennsylvania!
the. One on druid hills and clairmont
hey killer
omg, no haha i'm not like that. I appreciate everyone that tweets me :), thank you <3 you are too!
First tuck in roll with gabes new jeep
i told him 2 check out the yelp app
Can someone please explain to Me what a fucking carburetor is?
Now for Buffy Hamilton!
ur always stealing my lines!
Nothin is Ever as It seems ; like When im Far too tired To Fall asleep
Black toe/nail please go away so I can workout!
Great to hear, thanks Kalie! RT Oh how I love So easy!
I see all the Tebow haters are back on the 4 letter sports network, I guess the tebow honeymoon is over right?Wait 'till the next T"Victory"
What bands should play with on the west coast?
I've run 5Ks and been running at least 1-2 days a week for about 2 years, but never more than like 6 miles at a time
lol. I can see that.
Thanks for the follow.
Woohoo! RT Bald Faced Truth radio show broadcasts live today from Chiles Center 3-6 pm 95.5 FM, prior to Pilots-USF game
all i had to do was retweet a tweet :]
Got to see my family today!!!! I really miss them and if it wasn't for school I would be there
doodle with your toes...in the sand!
you need to Follow for 100 new followers
LOL! ": Me and the new Mike Lowery and Marcus Graham. Ladies, respect is, and respect us. Sleep w/ us if you must!"
Joe Paterno may not be the only reputation going down in flames tonight
can't say nothin back you unfollowed
you are so much better and drawing on that game than me! Tell me your secret! Your lobster was so cute haha!
#astd10 human beings have always been social learners. All that's new is the enabling, extending, enhancing technologies.
#Don'tcallmeif ur juss gonna get mad 4 nothing nd start bitching like seriously bro don't
I have the worst head cold today, but works gotta be done
nice wheels, saving the mini van for Andrew?
I'm such a pack rat when it comes to anything my Grandma and Grandpa have given me. :(
Sick of people giving me attitude for no reason.. fucking idiots.
"hey guys, JC Caylen here um i just wanted to make a quick video to tell you that to smile, cause um youre beautiful. " <3
I'm sitting in front of you.
In '08-'09 San Diego saw declines in juvenile arrests in every offense category EXCEPT status offenses - NOT crimes if committed by adults.
Hello Hello TikiDolls! The sun is shining in Miami! But where ever you are, don't let the weather determine your productivity! (:
despite what you may think, i am not in a dance crew
NO NO I'M SORRY :(
im addicted to tetris!
there was no Hashtag in that last one..
#Facebook is starting to get too much spam, especially with those pictures that you are supposed to like.
This is why I love Nadal... dude is the ultimate warrior
When does Bautista's contract expire with Toronto? He would be an awesome addition to this Twins team, if for the home games alone.
dude yeah! It really is
Hate being up so early. I just wanna sleep
“#thingsisaidinthe90s "bubblegum bubblegum in a dish, how many pieces do you wish!"” haha
I hope you had a nice day and hope you find something good for dinner. :)
just ordered a new guitar, an les paul traditional pro in wine red, cant wait to play it!
was thinking earlier that this was the kind of match that last year Fed would have lost.
Nothing is written, everything is re-written.
hey how much for a new haircut? lol me n need it
Good night all! Thank you and all you wonderful ladies! Have a great night
i wonder how would look in a bandana :D random thought
yea cool
#postseason #Brewers will have #BeastMode tonight, because #RallySquirrel is on their side!
Who would you guys like to see on a Super Rad Show?
It was already rejecting! But I was in my pilates class and laying down on the pillow & I had to turn and I felt it rip out :(
- please don't do anything more to make 's head any bigger #wishful :)
Friday off. So my weekend starts right about now.
had some great meetings yesterday about volume 2 excited to start recording soon...
Passions tonight? M sounds like a plan <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Its funny how I'm good at giving advice to others, but when it comes to myself, I dont know what to do.
Bwi to pdx 4 a weekend reunion with um si and wmu ladies. Stock up on the red wine portland.
las vegas
i just love :'D
and remarkably my PS3 is working within 7 minutes of my tweet. if this is you anonymous, i'm glad you're not an enemy of mine.
#barves has been around for awhile - couple seasons now. Why is it just getting noticed?
PSU situation reminds me of that old saying; "Absolute power corrupts absolutely." Especially as they play Ohio State today.
Relaxing after a great day of climbing. Motivated to get back in the game!
after a full but fun wkend of M-Day activities, it's back to the craziness that is our spring schedule. Plates are in the air & spinning
dc had a kickball team that won the title last year. That counts..right?
Sure! I was going to bring some back for my office stash. Do you have a particular brand you like? :)
What is more valuable - viewing games that leagues create or creating and managing these games as a captain?
you should be able to know who's flagging/trying to delete your posts/ads on CraigsList.
HAHA oh dude, I feel so sorry for you man. Hey it could be worse, you could be coding a static site in Portuguese...lmao
Jay-Z and 50 Cent both released addictive Facebook games earlier this week...Rapper Zynga has yet to comment on the upcoming beef.
Big difference between winning home games in February and pulling out scissors.
it's ,not hope. And it's ,not heel
NEW LOCATION: Lady Dolla Birthday/MTSU Homecoming TAILGATE PARTY on Middle Tennessee & Bell St behind the JUB! NOW! ***
hello, my screen shows that we are following you? Let me know if I need to delete and follow again. thanks for the message:-)
Birthday dinner tonight - Nitty Gritty with the Fam.
I didn't notice that until now. Fuck it
Fewer than I had hoped. I was unable to get away. Bill Lack will be there; only one I know for sure. I'll be at the next one.
Well it ain't that I'm crazy baby, I'm just outta my head.
Good Luck In your featherweight debut...im sure you'll be at the top of that division..
Very cool and creative! Must have taken some time, too. cc
Why didn't we let them secede again?
i just laughed out loud. lol
AGREE! RT : Tweet silence. No comment. Bleep. #oldschool and looking for remote control.
Any baseball fans out there? Opening Day is just around the corner...
I wanna see it... Hah what is it of?? Send me a picture!
Hopefully they got it running again, or at least could give a good report about what is wrong with it.
Woot! I was hoping you'd catch that!
Grant just asked me to turn up "Another One Bites the Dust".
i cant log in it forgot the password
Reading the autobiography of Robert M. Lafollette. How we need a man like him in these troubled times.
wow it is difficult promoting my guests day in and day out ... but they have such great info for others... still it takes a lot out of me
oh, I hear ya there. My first time against it was a gamebreaker for me. I grinded through the missions again and overpowered it!
... fixed it ... file needed the ".gdiagramstyle" extension .. not sure if it's on my end or something with the downloadable...
Great. I look forward to reading it. Signed up to get notified when the ebook is available.
Preventing Manufacturing Downtime: Survey Results and Best Practices - IndustryWeek
Wtf.. 42 cops are in the office
GREAT DAY FIRST PLACE in home dance FIRST PLACE in extreme routine SECOND PLACE in cheer ALL IN FRESHMAN DIVISION
u r moving? I didn't know that. Hav been swamped @ wrk.
Chairs are an awful awful invention. Can I get them banned?
What are the top three music cities in the US?
So true! Being from Illinois, we know sweet corn only tastes right on hot summer days when you know it came from a farm stand!
Not tryna be ignorant but how do girls in full hijabs that cover half their face, recognize each other?
I have to he best dad ever .
jus came from the golden corral.. dont do anything this weekend
": I think I need to hit the gym... #fitness" =My Life #iWorkOut :-P
no ma'am. I assume you mean Rhino Media out of Pennsylvania. #blogchat Is that right?
sunglasses, check! SPF, check! Yoga mat, check! Ugh maybe I should've bought a sombrero!
It's a #fishtacos kind of day, dontcha think?
An enhancer gives slate a deeper, richer, color.
If you want your life changed, unplug the internet!
im out but it was E5
Vista Comm Clinic rep says its important to take prevention message to social media sites - where kids are already talking to each other.
Hey! i love you :3 #belieber Follow me please Justin :)6
I would love to know where "The Id" is also... did a very cursory Google search with no obvious results.
I don't think that came out right.
MI GURL JUST CALLED ME N TOLD ME SGE DEEP THROUTED FOR THIS FIRST TIME WTF HAHA
thank you - love the train - pretty in CT :) is that where you are ?
On a scale of fun, 1=worst, 10=best, the level of fun right now is totes 18. (At Least an 18). Make change indeed. :--D
Learning how to use my new Kindle - thanks for sharing your new book!
Yeah, that too. Classic case of two many toys and too little time. I still need to replace the winch cable that I snapped.
No matter how ugly, lousy or stupid you look, there<U+FFFD>s always a person who wouldn<U+FFFD>t care how you look because they want you to be you.
Any good tools out there for mapping Sprites? I am on a Mac
Sweet! I need some group energy to get me back in the saddle.
Patient: The problem is that obesity runs in our family. Doctor: No, the problem is that no one runs in your family.
I'm at Runway Boutique for another hour, come & say hi! 807 N. La Brea
The posers are running wild today
Crackheads fighting on tremont street. Its all fun and games until someone loses a rock.
I love listening to music i just wish I could hang out with the singer or singers :-)
I have a big ass knot in my neck muscle. It fucking hurt. Im pissed.
Headin to the liquor store wen we leave here.....we turnin up today
now THAT i want to see.
I really liked tonight. In my book, there aren't many things that a greater than staying up until 5 talking with friends.
Female Developers overview was overlooked...Due to time? Missing good stuff!
Another awesome workout with Kirsten this morning, ensuring a strong Thursday start. Love having a solid team & training partner!
the Chicago Bears are hurt by your lack of respect for them!!
lmao no I would've definitely replied to them! Which ones do you have?
Family ? Lmao right . What a Birthday weekend.
Catch me live as the Boomer/Old school humor invades the Tempe, AZ Improv May 12-15
RT : The Best Albuquerque Restaurant Now Serves the Best Albuquerque Beer: Get Green Marble IPA with your Green Chile at...
hit me up:)
Awesome app! RT : Hanging out with developing apps and mashups at
I'm already planning the curriculum for our Twittorial. We have a lot of material to cover. Marty will have to wait.
The Mets and Yankees are off tonight. I will watch Rangers hockey when I get home tonight. The Playoffs just go on and on.
you should just get up and turn up the volume on the TV then shoot a mean look at the karaoke singer
FOLLOWBACK =) YOUR TURN <U+2665>
PLEASEE FOLLOW ME!
should be, but probably won't be. I'm always surprised they're not included in 100 greatest band lists. Underrated and overlooked.
Day of JD (Jury Duty).
ehh not so good. more like levitt than beckham.
Harry Potter fans visit magical world of Hogwarts as film studio opens: Thousands of Harry Potter fans queue to ..
Just in case you were wondering, spending the night in the Baltimore airport is NOT fun. Even if filming a tv show is in progress..
// after the feature, it's official that your house is equally as cute as you!
I love it when im right in math :) In your face Jackie :p
. Does anyone needed tickets for Saturday and Monday's olympic qualifiers?
Is there anything better than All You Can Eat Wings Night at The Lube? We think not.
What we call the secret of happiness is no more a secret than our willingness to choose life
RT : Having a blast with my brother, sister in law, and cousins watching the Mavericks!!!
Tax the Rich, Feed the Poor, Stop the War
lemme eat it!
The idea that the Nuggets match up better with OKC is silly. OKC would have swept them.
But it's alright because I love the way you lie... Love the way you lie...
Haha right? Poor guy lmao RT : loved that Tebow love bounty piece. all the NY/NJ girls are meeting up to form a plan of attack
Now in DH little magazines panel.
Deep and lasting love is unconditional, expansive and ever giving. Like the light of the Sun which always shines. Happy Loving-kindness day.
That man BAD!!
oh ok. & maybe he was 2 shy or something 2 ask u out
Lol, Camilla is a bad bitch!
Good game
please follow me Niall's beautiful mother! :))
You're not ur past. You're a limitless future.
Kelly Clarkson is a good singer sometimes I never even think about listening to her and then when I do I think she is
I'm just loving it. I love the lack of sarcasm and eye rolling and snarkiness... yet it's still very smart.
Done! Best Wishes,
that is a very reasonable question especially w/Guti coming back in June.
Happy International Women's Day!
And you could have it all, My empire of dirt
Being in Love is the best! When both parties feel the same.
No experience in your life is ever wasted or in vain if you give all your cares to the Lord. - via Joyce Meyers!
Tweet me your instagram name.
Sometimes I enjoy the cool sensation of an untouched pillowcase and sometimes I'm grossed out b/c I know it's drool that cooled the cloth.
watching "the ten commandments" on my cell phone. Pious or sacreligious?
and thanks back at ya for the #FF mention.
RT #FreeCupFriday! RT this message and be entered to win a set of "New Moon" collectors cups from Cinemaworld in Melbourne!
Well, maybe April showers bring May showers? Hmm...
Strategic, open-ended teams in museums resemble project mgmt structures, without the project to realize. Everyday collaboration.
move. now. #yourneverleaving .........
alright alright if its more or around 7 then you win. Yeah, I'm pretty good at catching people just being cocky. Mostly because
thats the plan.
had fun tonight! Nice seeing you !
Van 1 on the road to start our last rotation. Neil Young blaring on the radio.
nothing much
haha night boo! :-*
happy birthday!
that would be my guess, and if anything valet is a net benefit b/c suburbanites don't have to worry about finding parking
I really don't care for her anymore. She is a selfish whore.
- No worries! Topic is #Jewelry doll! #TrendsTues! xox
Wish Granted.
Tennessee/georgia border = breakfast
From now on I will only communicate on Facebook in "likes"
Loved you in consert in Fairfax,VA this past weekend!!!! Best night of my life!! But I wanted #Supernatrual ;)
dude everytime i think about spanish class freshmen year with holmquist i think about you...you were too funny
I like Frommer's because it focuses on more unique places. I check Trip Advisor to see what people say about hotels and restaurants.
I have a website if you still looking for beats!!
I don't make Japanese curry. But look at just bento (blog) maybe?
US manufacturing indicates economic growth of 4% whilst Euro ...
This is correct. Sorry for any confusion. RT : #builtheritage chat is next wednesday, i am told. just an fyi. :)
...and entering into #WHM has been a true adventure too. Im not sure I get exactly HOW #R is 'celebrating' women. crap
Mad it took till the 4th game to pick up a W but it's better then the 7th like last year.
#Bartab is having #FREE #drink sends tomorrow from 12pm-5pm! Go sending crazy!
Not me
oh bull that was one time!
if i'm going down you're all going down with me
yeah. I used Turbo for the first time this year - previously used Tax Act. But Turbo was 3x the cost of Tax Act.
hahaha. Yes you are!!
cause sg is lame haha :-p
a son wats good, i know you aint cut us off ova this lil blu shyt..... this shyt dnt got nothin to do wit me slim hit me asap
Who's watching hurricane season on BET??
really, cause when i click her account it keeps saying that :(
I hate that dehydrated feeling
the point in the semester where I go to class to distract myself from reading
Your dignity smells nice.
Love your Massiveness this year. And to think you started with just the #NUFC match...
WHY WOULD YOU THINK SINGING, LET ALONE SINGING LIKE A 1930S RECORDING, IS APPROPRIATE IN A COFFEE SHOP?
my friends asked me what i wanted for my birthday. i told them i wanted :p :p
I just noticed that my mom at work
This 2 shall pass
Do you think it could actually happen? The very idea just seems unthinkable.
May God Bless & take care of them all!
what was it? My money is on girl....
Loved that everyone brought their puppies to the EBA office today!
Stat of the day - Randy Wolf 5-0 in his last 6 starts.
Good cause i cant sleep lol! What are you up too?
Evening Ashley .. Are U Ready For the Game #3 Tonight? How was your day?
RT : will everything be on sale..... // well we can't give everything away now can we?
ALCOHOL: because no great story ever starts with "someone eating a salad...."
It's funny how much things can change in a few days
"Hey can I borrow a pencil?" "Yeah, but it doesn't have an eraser" "Life doesn't have an eraser" "That was deep.."
Healthcare providers with workflow that include 'taking checks to bank' or 'tallying credit card swipes'- we can automate it all
I used to pop in #AnimalTracks on , but I'm realizing can have cuter pics. :)
Scanner Monitor: I-70 and 6th medical call driver in seizure drove off the ramp. Watch for emergency vehicles.
Contemporary Staffing Solutions is now a happy to be part of SHRM National and SHRM Jacksonville. www.contemporarystaffing.com
If he makes it to the final, I figure the knee is OK. In that case, I pick Rafa to break the Djoker losing streak.
I am so tried and stressed out~BAMM.
Cinco De Mayo Special: Shot of Hacienda Chihuahua de Reposado $4.5 (while supplies last). Bottle of Dos Equis and a shot of tequila $5.50.
I'm actually frightened
Two people i miss the most and You guys are always there for me! I really love and miss you guys. #Loveyouguys<U+E328>
Normal person flirting: Hey sexy Me flirting: If you were a carrot.....you'd be a good carrot.
it was good seeing you :). Bonus points for the Madame X order!
RT : u kno it bro.. done dat now... only herbs now · proud of you my twigga
RT When I see a pile of sh*t.
just watched lucky one with and I am madly in love once again! thank you
It's doing really well. No bad seats for this show. We'd be happy to help!
So who's watchin
Waving at you, Joy K. passing Tri-cities...TN mid AM
My family is the Abdallah family from Beir Nabala, West Bank, #Palestine. I will make oil from the fruit of our olive trees one day.
Turn to Stone my fave song.
Get in. RT : Who's a genius, gritty, crazy film maker in NYC? We need to make some music videos
any update on the status of the concert tonight?
wth Are you talking about! I hate lady gaga! I dont care what you say or anybody else!!!!
but a cat lives 9 times.....
grow up
where are you and WTF are you doing now??
like... whatever
That was an odd ending to the game in Philly. But I love the outcome - win 5th straight!
A belated thanks for the #FF and thanks for including us!
Thanks! I'm so glad you like it! Finding the right products takes time. Believe me, I know. I'm sure you will figure it out! :)
thank you! Hope to see you soon!
This is the part of me, that you're never ever gonna take away from me
that is the truth! Either find happiness or move on!!
Concert today, very excited :)
Each man should frame life so that at some future hour fact and his dreaming meet. ~ Victor Hugo
TBL 5 stars of linked data: * Make your stuff available on web ** make it available as structured data (eg. excel instead of scan)
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTINN
Full of shit so early in the morning.
I've been thinkin the same thing lately, hook it up then! Lol!
I'm singing this Sunday at M Bar. 7pm. Reservations: 323-856-0036. Are you coming? :)
Nate sounds professional on the radio
Stop it.
The lines Buildin Up!! #TAKEOVER Is about to Begin!! NO COVER CHARGE all nite! THE Sunday Nite place to be! See you here!
I'm ready for a party!
#IfSheCant make the toppy sloppy - she's just another bogus head giver
#FacebookTimeline is officially rolling out to the general public! Have you received an invite yet?
Don't Like Her Hoe Ass .
When you tell someone something and they say "I'll pray for you"... I wonder how many people ACTUALLY do??
"Give me some" is all I hear. Only if I was petty I'll leave ya for dead but it's the God in me that holds me down.
Join me Baby J & for the Coors Light Tejano Spring Fest 2012 at St Jude Catholic Church - W Commerce & Gen McMullen! Elida & Stampede
You're gonna regret you left me.
WOW-----____-----Cassidy is in our TA Air BAnd Challenge!
definitely let us know about future events as well! Of course this would be the first time we aren't #anonymous! :)
Well said, Mr. Michael. ;-)
"Dumb it down and round up" -Kevin Doohan
I would've been especially disappointed if a flight to Bostonvia was canceled; it would be so hard to book in the first place.
Thanks for the follow!
I know come run some aloe Vera on my back :-I
Maybe cause he plays no matter what, nose splashed across his face, broken thumb, high ankle, RESPECT IT
Forest Park dictating how this game will b played early vs Potomac. Stalled to bring potomac out of man to man
Well cause I'm going to Saturday market with Dakota & her bb. Rollin joints & sittin at the waterfront?
I'm not a star somebody lied
Stop, where did you buy this?
I full on melted to pieces the other night....cried for like 3 hours. f the visa. ya know!?
FREE Killer Menu Tasting at midnight . Who else is in? :) RT : Anyone else going to at midnight?
We love Nancy Wilson !!
Happy birthday to yo ,happy birthday to you , happt birthday mother monster happy birthday to you i love you
RT : You know what I love? Buttons. What, does everything I write have to be so damn clever?
lucky! I want to go soo bad:(
So, why does turning convo to politics make everyone digress into the intellect and logic of a 5 year old?
At the vinyl frontier panel! Hope they talk about some #vinylmation!!
Cool! Thanks! RT : Red Tails ustream got moved to 5:30pm now. I don't want to miss it :-)
Congrats and welcome to the neighborhood!
“When you’re a kid, they tell you it’s all… Grow up, get a job, get married, get a house, have a kid, and that’s it. But the truth is, (1)
Sometime our blessings in life come early .. sometimes they come late.. but there always on time...
Patriots or Giants?
My mom litsens to the gayest music EVER! Ima call it suckfest on ice
Bears were regarded as ritual kin, kept in pens inside family homes for several years, culminating in a carnivalesque bear festival...
There is a lovely article in the Metro today. Thank you to Jaime Lutz
Anybody dating?
#NataliePortman rapping has more #StreetCred than anything will ever have.
Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent
it's all on soundcloud, which I have been listening to all day. It's really great, no?
thank you!!! Do you have an #iPhone?
Wow... Missed one day an got so much make up work not gonna do it tho
The music don't feel so loud when the windows are down <3 (;
I just uploaded some new fantastic jewelry! www.dirtyslaundry.etsy.com FREE SHIPPING/DELIVERY IN RENO!
had my first blissage75 and triple oxy facial today! I'm. In. Heaven.
20% off celeb fragrances and 50% off select goodies at Perfumania. Good time to try something new!
Bottom 5 in almost every category having to do with HITTING. Just standing at plate & taking BBs doesnt win games.
Anyone know of a good scanner that works well with Mac OS? I am so tired of my current setup.
got a hamster to use in shows.
Beautiful Thursday night... Delight us with your company ... Have a great puccia everybody!!
I do not want you to get raped at this time of night!
Am I the only 1 that still feel drunk
I ain't even lying <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
gonna go to sleep! tweet me ideas i can do for this page like imagines GTS anything like that! thanks guys :) -Melanie
you mean the grass.. um.. the nuts are always nuttier on the other side..?
Wheels up to Atlanta. Ft lauderdale bound
Hi Andrew! Anyway we could chat via email or phone? I have a great new idea I'd like your opinion/write-up on..LMK, thanks!
Man I wish #ArizonaWildcats was playing in the #NCAA tournament but they probably would of lost in the first round like last night ugh.
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours 35
Don't be an outcast, get the new Agora Forte album! Available on iTunes, Amazon and more.
This Food Contains 100 TIMES More Probiotics than a Supplement: If you've never eaten fermented foods before, too large a portion may...
Is it ok for a man to have home girls if he is dating a new girl? Do you think he has had sex with his home girls? Is it disrespecful?
Shut up, the Bears actually have a player now who can catch the ball?
As I call it a day here, I'm praying that God uses , & the rest of the India team right now in a big way
Confession #6: I'm single, and I love it.(:
"I'm like a bird i wanna fly away!!!!" love this song Baha
Just walked through a spider web. Hello spring!
Hahaha it was close! I feared him entering the inning
: Of course, there's a good AND a bad kinda crazy. Go with the good...
Thank you for being bold and brave. You didn't have to do it. I'm sure the GOP wasn't counting on the gay vote. GOP take notes.
Thanks a million, Juan!
How is it that your back pockets touch? Smh
So excited for your Game App I learned about at #aam2012 to come out. I want to work with the lines & colors!!
I really don't feel good.
Im always Rollin at bill cosbys face when alvin messes up wit Sandra lmao
The weekend went by too fast, but it was fun. Spent it with thee boys. #funnyguys #scrubs # drunks
you have turbo a bath?
hey mike it is ChloefanAlways i have a new account my other i deleted follow me on this 1 ok follow me whrn you get this.
jack is looking money! Like always! You too Maria!!!
it's all about pittsburgh music if you disagree SHOOT YASELF
Good morning :-] back to writing essays :-(
Gotta be home by 8? What kind of bullshit is that dad? Am I 12?
Goodnight texts <33
Some people just arent nice at all!! They act like theyve never talked to someone they havent met before!
Merry Christmas
can I be Thomas's girlfriend? C:
good now you have to put at the end of all your tweets and tell all your friends to do the same
And here we go.
alvin & the chipmunks was so cute!!!I live theodore!!!!
stupid kids.
The Truth why Former Jewish Zionist Mayor Koch and the Orthodox Jews Won the Seat in District 9 is that They Hate Palestine and Muslims!
You're so perfect omg.(': <3
that would be a somewhat shortened version for those with ADD
Maria & Derek up after the break! woot!
whistler rocks. Also check out barrelhouse flat, in Lincoln Park, and Curio if Ryan is working.
It's not worth it to call someone names or call them out on their bad decisions. it wont make you any better at anything.
Tours are booking up fast for this wknd. 5 booked on Sat-some avail's left & pretty open on Sunday Funday, grab the Groupon & book a tour!
follow hashtag #DMSWOSU for the Digital Media in a Social World conference, forgot to include that.
ireland v USA "live-ish" on ABC....Ireland, Ireland together standing tall..
G.M.N.I.: *looks in the mirror*...Why are you afraid of me?
Scary good. That Astros team had Nolan Ryan and John Rodney. Health issues way too early.
Merry Christmas!
okay, how do I do "it?"
hey Lee thank u very much,i really appreciate it
We keep getting lucky, Denver...it's another fabulous patio day and we have $5 pitchers of red or white sangria!!
Banged out a new VO demo reel
I just entered my first A records in DNS. (Getting custom domain mapping set up for LibCal and LibAnswers.)
Hulk smash me in my mouth with your mouth. KISS ME. LOL I love her XD
I'm proud of you
Join HIP HOP STAR TONIGHT at for the COLORAZZI 3 year Anniversary Party w/ B-Day Boy !
Also joining us tonight at are and !! 11pm free show!
I did find out I weigh 138...not too happy about that.
LOL Isn't that a great quote? Thanks for the RT, Kat :-)
All you need is Love, Jk.. Oxygen helps too!"
Peep this!!!! WEAR RED TODAY IN SUPPORT OF WARNESS OF HEART DISEASE!!<3 HAPPY Friday by the wayy(:
um 14 but my birthday is in 2 weeks AND YES I KNOW I AM REALLY YOUNG but I don't look like it. How about you?
TX Home & Garden Market opens THIS Friday @ 2pm - Reliant Center. Attendees receive a "goodie bag" at entry full of Coupons, Prizes & more!
Big thanks to you too John! RT : Thank you for following!
Be safety conscious. 80% of people are caused by accidents.
#dsoc you can also search.twitter.com using #slaleads for tweets from the mtg
i don't say this often, but damn it feels good to clean the day away.
I must sound like a total n00b to European folks, but I'm losing my mind over here, over Spotify streamed to AppleTV over AirPlay. Cripes.
#ucrADPchat RT : Role plays/mock interviews are great - but prep yourself! Outline strengths , accomplishments, goals and WHY
that's wassup ": cool, I got two , I'm suppose to be getting my sleeve this summer"
When did Kirk Cameron become a bigot?
Make sure to get out and follow which is the new name for they had to change their name. Same gr8 food!
Yeah, but that doesn't matter much. Still getting on base as much as AmRam. BABIP will regress to mean.
he looks so happy with a yard
New south park tonight. I like it.
Bad headache = Angry mood.
I know I should feel bad but I just feel relieved.
Last day of CMA Fest for us...more shows at Wildhorse, Cadillac Ranch & Hard Rock Stage. Come by our booth at Hard Rock and say hi!
Working more on Hide and Seek.
Well played sir, well played. I take solace from Maya Angelou: While one may encounter many defeats, one must not be defeated
I think I'm already in summer mode, tbh.
she pulled them down, yes lol violated T_T
happy easter Austin :D
I just want to say I send all my friends messages in event invites. So they are not party invites. And trust.If I write you its worth it! TY
and are so cute :) and yes the Disneyland corndogs are so good!
yo are you gonna be at the gamejam this weekend? And if so, is everyone hanging in a centralized location?
Silly Sara, cupcakes go in your mouth! (Right, Shelley? That's where they go, right?)
Always make sure the bearing. The world does not lie on your shoulders, it lies at your feet.
Just won't conform to the Mariners' code!
MorningJoke: Son: Mom why is my cousin names Diamond? Mom: Cause your aunt loves diamonds. Son: What about me!? Mom: Enough questions Dicky!
What order would you put these in? a. Food quality b. protein c. Calories
": Im done fighting for you... if you cant realize by now... then its no point"
Please stop being loud and obnoxious....you're not being funny. Just annoying.
Wow. Thank you, Crystal. That's really nice of you to say. Hope you're doing great, Ma'am.
FACT OF LIGHT: We must always find a way to be kind to unkind people - - - because they need it the most...
See you in Tampa!
The original H. NWO 4 life
Fritz Lang anti-Nazi marathon ended partway through Hangmen Also Die with my falling asleep, in my clothes, on a pile of clothes.
text me!
been a fan of yours since Let Me Blow Ya Mind in '01, continue to hold strong and keep the faith. You're 1 of my favs!
A big shout out to University HS!
ruhroh mate;another broken viewer synergy here Mek? U just announce c facebook bout new psn store probs? not found? thx
thanks lady!! I'll check Zagat out.
where is Wendy on here?
Really! I was actually thinking about using that brand next! Thanks!
“: hahahah! YES! I'm an extra giant in this photo” I never know what to do in those situations
so are my tears
Or a fan favorite...BRAISED SHORT RIB, Goat cheese mash, baby carrots, natural jus
If you are still in Miami was seeing if anyone of his fans were out tonight.
Are you adept at chopsticks? Try it out. They help you to eat slower, which allows you to feel fuller, more quickly.
TRUTH RT “: I should know better than to fall for your type.” why did god make ass holes so. damn. attractive??
still fighting for you
“: Sometimes just listening to Tame Impala makes me feel high." They're amazing, can't wait for the new album!
oh I didn't know that. I am showing my love. For the Celtics.
so I missed you on Tennessee mornings yesterday. My niece was being born. But hey now I can teach her to be a fan of yours(:
Just heard the MVP chant from the crowd on the Cardinals broadcast. They are in Pheonix tonight.
please god tell me that's a joke
great job bro!
I'll be blasting Beastie's on the way home from #TheLighthouseJukebox. #RIPMCA. You'll be missed deeply by many.
Ha!! My grandma in Waycross, GA used to say, "I'm gonna cut yo liver, I'mo cut the blood!"
The football eye candy..good. gawwwwwd
“: Zach sound like he ate a bowl of nails for breakfast... with no milk. lmao” lmao!!!!!!
Thanks for RTs, follows, and the like
ditto! Rooting from san diego!
Please pray for my recovery from bronchitis and good health for my family. Need health insurance, work. Paying dr visit & meds=$$.
awesome seeing you! safe travels!
Amazing opening ceremonies & key note...now for the first round of breakout sessions. Yeah!!! # shrmnm2012
I know like geez! Hahahaha
boston i love u!!!!! ur my home! can't wait till the parade! im wicked stoked!!!!! proud bostonian! :D
Welcome to all of our new followers! Thanks and spread the word! It's a great day for coffee, everybody!
Harry Potter - if you haven't read the book it wont make much sense and if you have read the book stay home - it's disappointing VERY
i wanted to go to that - DAMN work no M83 for ME
:) I dunno, did I? xD kekeke
you never asked me...
To all radio djs maybe its time to stop playing party rock anthem on constant repeat
No Mercy still great though RT : The worst Ti albums are No Mercy then Ti Vs Tip cus something got to be the worst
Happy Black Friday Pittsburgh! Our deals today: Free Dermalogica gift with purchase & buy a Premier Salon $100 gift certificate for $85!
as the motto says: "Find your strong". Have a good run.
This scares me.....and I'm not afraid of anything.
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
"learn a shocking discovery"? FUCK YOU, HULU DESCRIPTION OF COUGAR TOWN.
If a girl has a wall up, it’s because it was built.. brick by brick, lie after lie and heartbreak after heartbreak.
What’s your favorite #restaurant in #DaytonaBeach?
Where the f has been all my life?!
Imma bouta go H.A.M hard as a mf let these niggas know who i am.
I just got pulled over by a LAPD motorcycle cop. They just hating.
Waking up in the morning is the hardest part of my day
and we hope you change your mind at some point in time!!!! We will start the morning off with Polynesian music as always!!!
All 3 U.S. indexes end week with gains on strong corporate results. #Dow adds 1.5%. #Nasdaq rises 2.3%, S&P up 1.8%
get fucked up on this beautiful Nebraska day. You swimming today?
The wife just sent me a text that she is going to Target to pick up A Single Man
midnight following spree?? :)
#6ShotsRadio w & COMING SOON!
Angel Erica and Angel mom Samantha did a great job educating the press
Sorry about that last tweet. Logged in to the wrong account!
Is something going on with Verizon in #Columbus ? Phone is acting up bad pissing me off
What a beatiful sunrise...I love spring
Yea, I believe it's called Mud Bug
nah I haven't checked! I just quickly glanced at the line up ._.
I need Brantly and Bryan time...Then some Donna time...but we will worry about that later;)
And they just offered 2 scholarships for 2013--I am impressed!
Now I think I figured out how to merge them together post on multi pages at the same time
2012 Golden Globe Awards Red Carpet Arrivals: Brad Pitt & Angelina Jolie, Madonna, Paula Patton, Morgan Freeman, Ricky Gervais -
Up thinking....like always
Don't you just hate seeing that
2nite it's ZUMBA w/Marie @ 6pm.Then off 2 Appletini's, 2 burn up the dance floor!!! So if ur looking 4 something 2 do, come out & JOIN US!!
yeah I even got a picture:D
If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought.-- Peace Pilgrim
Worst news ever.
#ireallymiss the way it used to be when I had you there. </3
I can't wait. I've loved the incredible hulk since i was 5.
We can't wait for Monday... Anybody know why? #ChevyGirls #chevyfun (giggling)
Great app idea! An app that will delete all the screen captures my kids take on my iPhone and iPad. I never should have taught them how!
shout outs to rico love new artist cherlise groundzero went to her listening party last night had a blast ago with fat joe and the rest .
How do you stay ahead of the crowd in Research? Be Proactive and increase your niche. Brainstorm with others in the field.
You're here?
adorable! must have asap
why does michael jackson have a twitter..?
#WHSummit at great discussion on healthy food financing. Let's Move! - #Farm Bill - #SNAP -
Yeah, it's this place where political staffers go to...I mean...I've never heard of it.
I'm very proud of myself.
Excuse my #Swagg im tryna tone it down like jenny kreg
Just more spam.
“: Friends are like boobs. Some are big, some are small. Some are real and some are fake.” How true this is!!!
wonderful meeting with our Distributor -- loving the supply chain
Man, those Jews knew how to party.
I like how you get mad because I'm seeing MY DAD whatever i don't need this
The knicks look so tired right now mike woodson doesn't know what to do anymore
ugh. i forgot to get my shirt before i left when i got kicked out. and i was going to wear it to the show tonight.. UGH
RT : Golfplan holding steady at #6 iPhone sports apps..thanks tweeters!!! ..great app. swears by it!
so tired
FREE! Just have to get them before they run out.
Manny Pacquiao is somewhere laughing right now :D
HOMECOMING TONIGHT!
"Merchandising,Merchandising, Merchandising!"
Whatever happened to straight forward answers
i was real mad.
i sprayed windex in my sisters mouth.
haha not cool I'ma go settle for some barritas de piña lol
Just stop for a minute and smile :)
Tomorrow is Valentine's Day who the fuck care's i don't have a G.F thank god i don't have to stress anything
stoppin through twitter right quick.. lol
I want a donut, but a good one.
Happy "Mother's Day" to every mom on my "TL", y'all deserve the best! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Foster-care reform to continue with settlement extension - Northwest Cable News
Breakfast Foods at Breakfast Times are not as much fun as Breakfast Foods at Other Times.
start my morning off listenin to
Thanks my brotha....hope you're dominating the dance floor my friend!
haha I don't remember when I tweeted that, but this commercial just isn't the same as the car one."Wee" was more funny & annoying?
Meeting & booking hosts for ADDYs. Script writing later. Feb's got me hustlin', hustlin'.
#Celtics defense is in fine form right now. It's hard to beat them when they dominate defensively.
My son pulled off a natural hat trick - last 3 outfits have been lost to poop, pee & vomit. Need a name for this (i.e Gordie Howe hat trick)
hi, you're perfect.
LOL, um.... That's one approach I guess!
am i really online at the same time as you or is this a dream
The Rangers' game is killing me...(but I love a good rivalry).
Who was your favorite performer tonight on the #GRAMMYs ??
Friends are truly a wonderful blessing - I am thankful for steadfast friends
man, we'll be on by midnight...maybe. Stay up with us!! promises to sing you a lullaby.
It's important to not only capture beautiful moments through the lens, but also experience them in real time.
So many breakups! Wells Fargo, State Farm, now Walgreens. I like their local peeps, but I won't continue supporting property over people.
I'm eating lunch off a table that says it used to be part of a bowling lane. By Counterevolution in Brooklyn. Very cool.
Candlelight vigil downtown Chicago was absolutely beautiful for those of us who have lost loved ones to gun violence!
Waiting for my boyfriend at the barbershop. Not fun -.-
Second star to tthe right straight on till morning -peter pan
Revel In focuses on 10 interviews+pictorials w local tastemakers+their top 8 picks of the city. different than +Finder
Great summer fun idea - take in an game ... inexpensive and a great way to spend a summer evening!
Congratulations to our graduates! What a nice commencement ceremony last night.
Alleviate congestion today at , come by bike!
i like how bathooms are labeled "Toilet"
Listen ...I know payout musik is going to make it hahaha just a matter if when
I've got rhythm / I've got music ... Who could ask for anything more?
Whew! #c4l12 is over so I can get some work done. Just in time for the weekend!
yes you need the first season once... Then never watch it again. :)
Thanks so much :-)
yep, I want you to win this!! You deserve it!
Lots of love for
thanks so so so much! i cant thank u enough!
Decided to install underground sprinkler system in yard today; trying to finalize the landscaping project.
Just realized that all my tweets about the conference won't count towards the drawing. Gotta catch up.
Sometimes if you want to see a change for the better, you have to take things into your own hands
how about neither! Have some fruit and veggies while watching the fights!
Laura just made the infamous double chocolate cake cookies we used to swear by... I wonder what Pablo, Ricky and Dmitri r up to
It's pretty funny for sure
how do you get a new one if my rubber part ripped off
Great write up in #bayareacraftbeer. Congrats!
I had a wonderful time speaking at FSU-Panama City Campus for the BSU Women's Empowerment Luncheon.
KFC med shop is back open? Since when?!
T.N.T kicks off 2nite inside with $2 u call it all nite!
Time for Labyrinth! Can't remember the last time I saw this.
Of course I will share them with all of you!
Working on a survey & I need model language or good examples of statements about how the data will be handled/shared. Know any?
re. post-9/11 art, ya gotta check out Spike Lee's "25th Hour"
Lmaooo...Now Found Out We Are Going To Manhaten For Christmas...(^0^)
good ole fashion weighted PULL UPS :D
The parallels between meditation, yoga and classical vocal technique are fascinating.
Just did a conga line through the mirror maze and fist pumped in the infinity room.
Got a call back for a second interview today. Fingers crossed.
Awwwwwwready #letswork RT : Me & need to shut down mojoes together one more time!!!
Why wasn't the Audio Dock Air in the review roundup?
hello Kansas city... I'm excited for party
During individual workouts sweat with your players! Show your commitment to them improving and you will be amazed by the results.
made us maximally crazy, leveled us out and then came in for the kill!
Words cant even describe how badass The Avengers was. Cant wait for the sequel
pshh. and I will be ATTRACTING visitors cuz we be so hawt.
RT Only 30 minutes until our lucky 2 o'clock winner is selected!! RT RT for a chance to win tickets to the one and only
How many seasons do u think it will take te Vikings to get 15 wins? Im thinking 5-6.
I would give a nigga my house to kill that bitch!
Planning some big stuff!
Jeez, getting it from both social media ends, aren't I?
to whomever hacked my real twitter.
Don't forget about me celebrating my B Day tomarrow (yeeaah! Gucci Mane voice)
Spent the day w/ my mom & then with taylor, maddie, kadie, and leslie. :)
just did
Talk to Vermont Joy Parade & Unbearable Light out, burlesque gypsy out of Burlington. Radio bean, a great venue.
A nice Godly Christian young man. Nock it off!RT : Those of you who Know Doug Oliver, rt with a word that describes him.
think it's now set up, look forward to it. Martin
in order to get $2.5-2.9 billion to fund current backlog and future needs would take approximately $66/$100k which is max allowed
Stay at Home Mom's: how/when did you decide not to go back to work? #toughdecisions Cc:
Life Is Like A Riding Bicycle. To Keep Your Balance, You Must Keep Moving On(:
The will to persevere is often the difference between failure and success. -David Sarnoff
Vaguely intrigued by these archivist job postings in Alaska. If I lived there, I think I'd have to marry a salmon fisherman, right?
*cue the slow jamz* RT : Visiting the grandparents while I'm home...grandparents house is the hot spot
I'm interested in shia lebouf. I think I'd like to meet him. ;-)
I don't get high... But I'm a fan of that green eyed love... Mayer Hawthorne... Saved my life.
Are you saving your files in a way future generations will have access to them. Berry Ewell is giving great ideas!
SATURDAY WAS CHOREOGRAPHER SCOTTS 1ST CLASS IN THE BROADWAY DANCE CENTER AND IT WAS A GREAT CLASS AND A FUN TIME
Michael McDonald keeps on running with a bacne powered KO on
don't you just love that show!
Just sat in on a great class on the Google IPO led by Eric Schmidt. Thank you Stanford and
lol nahh I went before you did so get it right
3:30 a.m. and still awake. My brain won't shut up! Ideas, ideas, ideas. Hush, brain! I need to sleep.
haha always, probz same colored shirt too!
I love doing that! Then you get to act like the "voice from above" on facebook. Teeheee!
And the outrage toward the NFL yesterday regarding Seau feels hollow when there was also so much outrage about the Saints suspensions.
": #WeCantBeTogetherIf your not like you must love Harry Potter! Lol" damn straight. Slytherin in this bitch!
HA! I'm sure OSU fans are a little sad as well. currently wondering how much recruiting class will suffer. best guess: much.
How Many People Did You Follow ?
Plant your dreams where water is free and sun is abundant.
Funny that graphic doesn't mention Victorino's GG's
dude your default is freakin sexy as hell. miss you so much <3
LMao ikr thTS y i thought of it ITS Global!! :D
thinking of you as I research for my paper on faith-based prison reform movements.Funny how "reform" can act as a code word
RT : Whoaahhh!!! Talking about really matters in life! Congrats!! Exciting times, grandpa! :-P time to celebrate! > +1
#AGirlDeserves a guy who will love her for who she is.
charlie sheen is tha original
Just searched "booing #Oosthuizen" on Twitter. Yup, some can't believe they boo'd him on 18.
music is the wind between my legs.
yay!! I will definitely get my skate on, this year. Ready for yummy cupcakes!!
Neither did I!
Embarrassed to say it took me 3 tweets to realize what Sept. 1 was. Vacation mode. ha
Is the NVIDIA GT 530 a good graphics card?
Working until 8am yahoo
yeah, I was gonna try to get out of it but I can't cause I'm not taking summer classes :(
“: ME: You're like a drug to me. FRIEND: You mean I'm addictive? ME: Please! I mean I can only take you in small doses.”
Portico building happy hour tonight. Come down and meet your neighbors with wine, bites, and Greg Shibley on guitar.
I bet over at Austin Muay Thai and Jiu Jitsu could tell you though.
Finally saw the first issue of Popeye - looks great! I love the newsprint-esque paper stock. Can't wait to see my issue!
thanks so much for tweeting about our Merk deal!
Where All The LOYAL Male Nd Females At In CLEVELAND Who Like To Kick It??? Real Talk RT!.
No but I'm a work-a-holic (a lazy one too)
Come home now. This is getting out of hand.
Thanks for the
you are my number one fan H8tr so kill ur self -lol
#Rotary speaker Gerard Randall Jr. says Milwaukee has 4th highest concentration of engineers in America.
Check out NEW acoustic pop tracks "Love Overdose" and "Delirious" !!!!!!
oh shush!! we LOVE JAmie!! wish i could laser myself to St. Louis to give you a big ole hug!!! xoxo
tonights dinner is from it. Stay tuned!
NOLA City Council @ Large Election-Deadline today for Willard-Lewis to request recount of approximately 55k votes cast (cc )
I used to hate that our AMS was called the "membership database" by the rest of staff. We used it for everything!
he has a bad heart, the main flushin valve isnt there & over the years has weakened all the heart muscles.he will need bi-pass
Come on Brewers lets do this
My birthdays in 22 days!!!!
Have a fun nye everyone and again thanks for all the support! 2012 will be a big year for us!
Cool! We will add that to our list. (And a color request does not mean you are required to purchase! : )
Everyone that signed up successfully should have received an auto-email confirmation w/ instructions on when tix wil be sent
he had cancer...battle it for 3yrs
Thanks, mister;) Saw you in the house, but didn't get to grab you after. Thanks so much for coming:)
Good morning(: I'm eating cereal(: it's yummy(:
yu no I got support from my family but no income so I'm worried
Working on article/book(?) about Butler student who fought for Confederacy. Research tmrw. This is a Prof. Spring Break!
Either that, or get someone who understands programming on the bench, or in the jury, who parse out what the patent is really covering
How do you want your nose to look like?
Waiting on a client. Was going to take the evening off.... now she's late. Oy.
Hi Bill!! Thanks for the follow!!
that's sounds great I'm making this for breakfast now
COMING SOON: New 5-Out Motion Offense (2 Parts) and Customized Man-to-Man Defense videos. Easy to teach/Easy to learn.
Happy Birthday to Isaac!
49 new text messages. go away people
he is a tennis player
HOW can someone go to school tomorrow #depressing #almostdoneeeee!!!
": A1: More people are beginning to use social channels - particularly from a mobile environment - in lieu of other methods
high five!
Never see him again what should I do
Generally meant to be used with one connection representing an entire app/service; user streams allows a small handful though
can i have a shoutout?! lovee you!!
hahahaha I love the inscription on the box!! <U+E412>
Wake me up wen u r awake again #brainypeople would get this
im so immature that everytime i see fast blinking lights i look at the people around me and make sure no one is having a seizure....
Im getting shit done today c: yes
guess no video today its raining -__-
blessings to you as well;visited your blog--wonder what connection you have to it other than interest?+what sortof concerns arise
Sending out new free LICKER track tonight after getting proper amounts of drunk.
There are certain people in my life that I simply have no desire to ever see again.
If they're human only part of the time, what should they be the rest of the time? Beast? ;D
"Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work."
Makin money up in this Monopoly Junior
Pan tostado with mijo and before Finals Week kicks in. One more week and then off for two.
feel free to send story ideas and info to
The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he is a baby.
hahahahaha, that is what i was thinking!
Who's Hope? Player. : )
Happy 4th man! Hope u enjoying life as usual...Take care
Where is my entourage?
Welcome all new Facebook Fans and Twitter Followers!
RT Heads up! May be w/ Stanley Cup again in nxt 24hrs.. Retweet if have friends who may want to know where/when..
75 degrees in NY yesterday...please be summer already.
We're hanging out in Tacoma to scout locations for our new Ride Around the Sound. Looking forward to drinks w/ in Seattle tonight
Looking for new windows, vinyl siding, entry doors, or attic insulation? Call us today at 888-441-5085 for an in-home consultation!
HOW AM I ALIVE AFTER THAT EPISODE? OMFG. THAT IS THE BEST EPISODE. ITS JUST THE BEGINNING. RUSHERS HOW ARE WE GONNA SURVIVE THE SEASON?!
NYC = amazing. I literally saw a dead body, a flock of cross-dressers, and the most beautiful girl I've ever seen in 1 Block.
Yeah, don't understand outcry over "exclusive soccer." Seems like license to lose money based on past history here.
go to bed!
Me too Bru Im Tired Az Hell
Love today's Groupon deal for NYC !
Decadent hot chocolate This looks delicious!
Good afternoon! Thanks for the piece on our solution!
: I had a blast with you yesterday! Thank you for having me be part of your Awesome project!!!!
Okaayy so I was trying to act cool by walking all gansta like and I tripped on a plant -.-
APUSH exam in 4 days..shoot me.
Soo Happy your Back!!! =)
I'm fuckin weak right now. Like I can't move.
Had a god time with the freshman frenzy! Gotta do it again next yr def
I suck at basketball I need my friends to teach me ;(
Happy pitchers and catchers day!
RT Nice 2 see great players showing respect 4 each other by exchanging jerseys after game
Politeness and consideration for others is like investing pennies and getting dollars back. - Thomas Sowel
Hair not done , nails not done , feet not done , how the hell I'm suppose to going to a fashion show & the club looking semi fucked up !
Where can I become A compost assistant?
ah that sounds so appealing! now I just have to get through the workday and get out to a restaurant
If you're not going to put any effort in the relationship, why should I?
I was gonna go ahead and put some berries in my hair.
after U sync with the computer that u sync normally sync the ipad with it should show up no problem
Another S/O to new FOLLOWERS
"I need to study." *Opens book.* "I don`t feel like studying." *Closes book.*
#Ginseng does great things for your energy level as well.
One more stupid love song and i'll be sick
Oh, that's so good.
Study re. lib cats: libns most concerned re. dupe records. Users NOT concerned re. that. Want links, more info, etc.
omg if she dnt shutup with all that ''he my man'' n stuff clearly he`s not a man yet if he is still cheatin on so gtfosw with all that
Follow us here for updates from the road to the NAIA Baseball World Series. This is the place for the latest on
It's rally time, guys!
good morning sunshine;)
im still in high school
haha okay hopefully it will just start raining!
Ah. Gotcha. Thanks for the feedback.
I thought I was watching "Rise of the Planet of the Apes"... but it was the GOP debate.
Do you really want to learn how to market yourself on LinkedIn correctly? Ask me, and I'll give you our super discount code!...
Woa, questioner pressing for more personal history from Hirsch, how she's related to Holocaust
Oh Whitney, I want your impossible fairy godmother voice...
I will now. Thanks!
We'd like to wish a happy Mother's Day to all you moms this weekend!
WORLDWIDE PACKER NATION will NOT let you down! Posts on FB & TT, north, south, east, west, across the pond & down under!
Any of you switch to #Drupal 7 for its built-in #RDF support yet?
I got it! New show. battleoftheboybands. Unsigned boy bands compete for a deal. Judges are members of established Boybands.
Who you talkin to?? bet it ain't me
Wow, that just happened
Man the way janelle monae blends her songs are crazy.
is out on DVD soon! Add it to your Netflix cue today - JESS + MOSS
#WW fabulous folks to follow
RY “: Every time I look over at Larry Byrd during timeouts/between quarters he is signing autographs for fans. Good guy.”
I do what I want (:
People are very easy to juge brah. It ant right but they do it anyways.
Woah! That's awesome!
I used to keep a jar of Nutella and a bag of pretzel sticks for dipping next to my desk...but then I started to hate myself.
Just pre-ordered the album. Can't wait to hear some new stuff from you guys.
outside of Oakland u gotta scope out Kinders.
With his 0-3, Rickie Weeks is now hitting a smoking .153. Sad really. I hope he turns this around soon.
I don't want this #Patriots game to become a shootout, Pats' D needs to put pressure on Tebow, force a mistake, and capitalize on it...
WHAT WHAT WHAT. COME TO SAN DIEGO BBE.
Yes, would be lovely to finally meet you. Decide on a time and let me know. Looks like the rain will moving out by AM. :)
Hi, great! I saw photo! Cool! :)
You are FUNNY man!! Love it... pianists/ music theorists save the earth!
(gaspp) not going to school is bad ;o
Just had a great meeting with about our Epic Scale Brainstorming Session at #SXSW looking forward to it already!
Bad decisions, good intentions.
and , I'm checking out hotels for Vegas! #GirlsWeekend!!
Save on your next insurance policy. Http://www.hotwireins.com. Get your quote today.
asap rocky school boy q joint. Its kinda reckless. I done fucked her once... some shit.
that when you look your best <U+2764>
I can beat you , ive been doing them :) haha but your stronger tho :(
I just got a shotout from Adele.
I don't understand accents. They way accents make voices sound different makes me ponder
Thank you for the RT! Very much appreciated.
Yes RT : You trust John and Pete?
Big boobs don't count if you're fat...
James Franco really coming up big for the Bucks... But D-Rose is too clutch. What a shot
NY has been home 4 over a year. Still here. Before I traveled constantly. Time I got back to that. Life of a writer/musician.
Eggs and sausage...and salsa chips?? OK Mom.
I know. I'm an idiot.
that's what i was thinking … the trailer totally went against everything i thought the show was, so figured it'd be futile
Whos chuck norris?
Thank you so much for your information.
Phone's back! thank you byron's beer garden for getting me blackout and babysitting my phone for a day... for free!!!
Wonder if we can take a tripod on the plane?? We have lots of camera equipment to get some super nature pictures...
“For the LORD is our judge, the LORD is our lawgiver, the LORD is our king; it is he who will save us.” -Isaiah 33:22 (NIV)
fuh! Ok! Lol this necklace better change my life
Thanks! Ha, I just read yesterday: our bodies don't betray us; we are the ones who betray them.
lol I'd be we'd be in some hardcore marriage counseling if it were me and tony. Omg. Lol
Looking at embedded Tweets. I'm not seeing the "Embed this Tweet" link. Has this feature not been rolled out to all users?
I'm in Barnes and nobles right now but ill walk over (:
Thanks for the mention yesterday.
-> no question, bro!
alright thanks so much;)
Random question of the day: other than Wonder Woman, are there any female superheroes who don't have "girl" in their name?
What I always love most about #thanksgiving is that it feels like a Sunday, but really it's the start of a four day weekend
8. Try not to use the oven. It heats up the rest of house, forcing AC to go into overdrive. Use an outdoor grill, toaster oven or stovetop.
RT Jaimie Cloud fr is here at Kamehameha. Teachers are buzzing and there's good work to come tomorrow. Can<U+02BB>t wait!
officially going to my first conference! got my tickets and am so pumped for the crazy awesome things the Lord is going to do!!
The THIRST
Bday 2ma smoking until I pass out 8 blunts damn high as shit
MANIA! continues to creep up the CMJ Top 200 chart. This week up to #47!
ha kay *starts slideing one side to another*
well this is awkward
I clearly remember channel 9 in KC doing a "teen slang" story in the 90s: "'In the house' means 'hip' or 'with it.'"
Wtf , perrie was at zayn's apartment last night ? Um no .
Grand Opening today 10-7pm 110 Morningside NE. Don't miss out on the 15% discount ! Come see us for your favorite scents.
really cute
Amazing ideas and conversations at #tocpdx yesterday. Portland is such a great place to be involved with publishing. Thanks to everyone!
“: I'm actually nervous...lol” U will be awesome. What's the topic? Come by the Madison tomorrow and practice :)
RT I thank God for #discernment and the ability to recognize it...So true! Must wouldn't understand!
I'm thankful that music is such a powerful voice in my life!
He loves to party <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I'm working club ambrosia
i am scared of facebook
It's been a long time since I talked to how you doing what's new???
"does digititizaton make the reader a user?" what happens to the practice of reading? - Eric Bulson
Great shots Adam, and those costumes are amazing!
Stay Beautiful with the care of Healthy hair by Racheal products.www.iamhealthyhairbyracheal.comNow available nationwide
Case-Shiller Index ended 2011 at new lows. The national, 10-city and 20-city composites are at the lowest level since mid-2006!
what that's awesome!! What can we watch in 3d?!
TSV 1860 v. Duisburg live on bundesliga.de radio. Nice lunch break.
Tomorrow I'm gonna fuck around with AE CS6 all day
first requests we've had for those subjects. :)
That awkward clap you do when something is really funny..
All interested Volunteers! We are having a Volunteer Wrangle tonight at City Hall from 5:30-6:30, all are welcome! City Hall Chambers
Participating virtually in the "Primary Care Forum: Integrating #PublicHealth and #PrimaryCare" from and
Yes, does amazing things to fight hunger. RT Do you know anyone who works at an organization that fights hunger?
- Welcome Pat! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Filming this week for Hansel and Gretel and then leaving for tour for a month! Stoked for the "Love/War Tour." So busy, but very fortunate.
Great run speedy!
Another great one..."you mannequin"
Laughed with him over the snowy madness of the first story in 2000. 1000s of people shopping the next 5 days & buying everything in stock.
My bucket got a sick lean, I play dirty but I look clean
Ready Set Tweet (A speedy guide to Twitter) is available for $2.99. This price is only temporary. Get it now... Very helpful....
#verizoniphone now set to be released with the same voice, data plans currently in place per #WSJ, in late January (pre-2/3)
lulz. On purpose? An American voting #Republicrat is like a chicken voting for Colonel Sanders...
i wish you would see all my #imagine tweets.. it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites:) -anna (16)
Got my license ! Drive the streets of Yonkers at your own risk!! Muhahaha
no no, it's Saturday t'sup yo?! :D
Sorry for including y'all n this childish stuff I jus can't stand dis
Wow! This sidewalk mask vendor has masks for every occasion, including "romantic role playing".
and would give anythng to say told U so to the TT haters a few years ago But hard 2 find them now a days since everyone is on TT bandwagon
Guys relax. Lebron will drop 45 and Wade will drop 40 and the heat will win by 20 in game 3 and take the series in 5
Giants practice tomorrow with my uncle For once I won't have to reply on for my gmen fix
30mins later, my mom pick me up!
happy belated to the man with the instantly recognizable style!
Att looking to buy t-mobile... Guess t-mobile is going to loose me as a customer. I'm not a fan of Att... Hello CDMA carriers!
we are so there!
That awkward moment when you go to the bathroom and your zipper is already down
Tech support has started sending us emails in all CAPS, inbox now looks like a desperately lazy #Craigslist ad.
. alum and Albuquerque native Brian Cavazos-Galvez called up to the hometown !
Hi there!!! How are you?
Can you name the first song that will be played on the patCAST when it converts into a radio show? If you can, you'll get a special prize!
You were humping your mattress this morning yell "A-rod, save me from chubacca!
Oh, I so wish! I had to leave this morning & am now back in Chicago for client meeting & to-dos. Have so much fun!!
Just tapped, Lips of Faith Super Cru (replaces No Equal Amber Larger) $10 growler fill
If you're late, I'm even more tardy. MT : I'm probably late to this party, but Ken Cosgrove's wife is Alex Mack?!
...-ended, this was seriously about how i have 665 followers... but way more fun as written!
Anyone on X-box live right now with all these great new games?!?!?! tell us what you are playing!!
Thank you for the follow Eric Your Wisdom Heart work is lovely.
RT Plans for the National Slavery Museum hit yet another snag
Do it! RT : & I found our future NY home!
Better yet, failure is only apparent.. It's making way for you to recieve the greater good!
BTW, Bev, our owner, raves about Cueva! Just looked at your menu.. Plantain crackers and goat cheese?! Sign me up! -Kerri
Same to you !
Tomorrow Caitlin will be at in the Yawkey Center from 10-2 with Alumna ... come visit us
I'll be there!! Go wolves
welcome back to Charlotte. We love having you as one of our champions.
Q: Best TV show on right now? Can't wait for Mad Men to start up --- love the vintage fashions they sport!
I love OU.
My refrigerator is purring...
Finally checking out is one of the most interesting actors these days.
Thank you!
Interesting how gas prices are 35 cents higher on all the main tourist arteries into
when are you coming back to Indiana?
lol “: Keep yelling your opinion to SCOTUS about Obamacare. Justices comb Twitter and blog comments at night for ideas.”
Thank you for the mention! It was great to be in Palm Beach and nice to see such activism.
Good peeps for
Revenue and Data Management
Yess i love talking to you guyz too !! :D #HomeGirlz untill my twitter life is over ! LOL
One thing I'm looking foward to this summer is ... ONE DIRECTION CONCERT! yay! (:
Why would you go somewhere when spring break is comin to a close???
Ready to go Home!!! now!!! hehe
Megan's bachlorette dinner at Zentan
Our burglar alarms are deafening and might impinge upon your own ability to concentrate on the art at hand ;)
yayyyyy ;) party downtown boy!
Meaning it stops to buffer on a clear and strong WiFi signal.
Goodbye Mr. Clark. Thanks for the memories.
that is awesome!
dude the Irish Tenors doc is my favorite
Self promo: most chill pens fan ever, if you follow me I follow you back. Ride or die Pens 4 life. I even watched as Letestu was #1 C (lol)
I find it interesting that comedy central thinks they r the sole arbiter of what can b considered comedy & what isnt.
we checked. That's an hour out of the way. :(
And us social justice & multicultural educators are supposed to help change these attitudes? That's why I'm goin to the gym AND happy hour.
well it was real nice while it lasted!
"What you don't see with your eyes, don't invent with your mouth."
I'm so used to dealing wit these hoes I know how to treat a real woman
Good Morning Gang and Happy Mommy's Day
So i've signed up for Netflix again. I'm surprised i'm back
Nothing like housin an XL coffee from Hortons in order to get in a groove
Must get to work.
Way to go getting your proposals in early. And you better be there no matter what. :)
Cookout and sweet frog are a 'thing'
I absolutely love Arron Asham! He's one of my favorites on the Pens.
we get excited when students create awesome music!
good friends will give you a wave goodbye but best friends will jump on you're back like a spider-monkey screaming"DON'T LEAVE ME!"
YES!! I thought you were gonna be in Baltimore?! Obviously we are gonna rage.
#TeamSharonNeedles for the win!!!
I'm sorry Kent.
FOLLOW BACK.. AND TELL PPL CHECK MY MUSIC OUT
Playing at Temple U's Edge Fest tonight at 7pm, Broad St @ Cecil B Moore Ave. Free and outdoors!
What's up TAAP fans!
Why don't you call the cold case squad and ask? That'd be more straight fwd. than assuming racism on twitter.
. have been on Twitter for like, 20 minutes and already have 1000 robot followers. Boing boom tschak!
Jaden had a T-ball game Sat and then we went to Stephens grandparents and they had tons of ppl, food and dancing!
$5 Shakes, Malts and Floats!
#ihatewhen i im talking to someone and someone else jumps in the convo
OMG G
touché on both accounts. See you soon.
Wholetime im high and been just sitting in the car in front of my crib for almost an hour now lol
unread emails are beginning to bite me in the ass.
#rebels = deer in headlights
can't wait for tomorrow!
RT RT : Dear Spider, Unless you pay rent in my house, YOU CAN'T STAY.
we're watching House and eating fish tacos...like a boss.
Have a day of art supply shopping ahead of me :) Life is good.
The list of things I don't care about includes Carrie Underwood.
that's what i thought.
Two w's closer to 36-4.
Goin out to the island to get el stonay
Mango smoothie with Olivia's Guiness chocolate cake is the perfect ending to an Epicurean home cooking week-end.
Gentlemen + Trust -Worthyness= A girls dream
Peacefully RT : "How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting 2 improve the world." ~Anne Frank
I don't know what store gave me a canadian dime but whoever did it I hope you burn in hell.
I wonder what happen to the matching shoes...
“: Trey Songz did NOT invent sex. #IJustGoogledIt =/”
Be entered to win a free office for one year by liking us on FB!
*You stink.
It doesn't matter what i do! you'll never be mine again! so no matter what i do that won't change -.-
text me tomorrow if you go though.
hey there!
YES RT !! RT : Wait, is getting a treadmill desk? JEALOUS.
good for you!!! let me know how it all turn out. should give you free upgrade
Just added a 60 second execution pause in a rake script. Otherwise, the github API freaks out and stops responding (or something?)
thanks for the heads up on this, it isnt our intention to alienate people at the station.
RT : After earlier crash, VA Power is still on scene at 16th St/Buchanan St. Estimated re-opening of the street is 3 pm.
- Counting Crows suck. Hard.
Join us in the storyroom for Cuddletime, this morning at 1130! For babies not yet walking!
The moment I get over you & move on.. Is the moment you'll come crawling back to me.
Heading out on show floor
haha i love you too:):) and sure I will! :P
what r u doing tonight ? I'm at prime in uptown
Retweet if you know who A Meezy is!
Wtf is this!!
In what context? cmd+click works for me.
u welcome :)
feel better samuel i love u:-)
i want to so bad,but i can't afford it. Kinda bummed.
Hoping McNabb is hurt..for a loong time
Just kicked it with and on his tour bus for a and coast2coast interview
RT : Obama, in Reno,NV LIVE announcing new list with 5 items on it for Congress. I think a #obamalist hashtag game is in order.
all the black kids singing michael jackson<<<
What if we lived in a non-suppressed society? Politicians self-censor, women tame down so we don't threaten men... We have such potential!
do you know me? No? Ok thanks for playing.
Today's workout is going to consist of box jumps, weighted chinups, weighted rope climbs, and deadlifts! Can't wait :)
I Want To Be A Billionaire Warren.
RT if you don't like Jericho
yes , talked in the accent and everything talkin about tea and cherioos and shit .
Thanks much and likewise. Have a healthy interest in the Chilean wine industry. Cheers!
yes! Baseball game sometime this week? With ? Then we can do it..?(;
#twittertips my wallet look like a bible
Ur an popular rapper.. whose wealthy.. why the fuck r u still in the street life...
The ToyMaker is partially set in the town of Lidice which was destroyed during #Holocaust Read more about the show.
RT : Bears 7th-round CB Greg McCoy's four-year deal worth $2.16 million and includes a bonus just over $60,000, per a source.
check out my zombie research website and become an exclusive member for free ! www.sandovalnation.webs.com
I LOVE YOU COME BACK TO NY SOON XOXOX
God our Creator, your kindness has brought us the gift of a new morning. ~RT
retina! I like it!
camera take over:cheese,smile,laugh,shout,jump,run singer: what the hell who is the singer just kiding guys
It sounds like when you cylon on TWIG.
direct message
okay! I just want austin and keyra to see it!!(:
Crashing Cars on Unregular Radio In two days!
A team is being formed for a medical mission in the Amazon region of Brazil for May 19 – June 1, 2011. Contact Jean Broyles .
Go Organic - Your Skin Deserves It
I wish you would.
you're like royalty haha
ah tired
Cant even count the # of times "All These Things I've Done" has gotten me through a paper-writing impasse
Uhmmmm...not weird at all! That would be sweet. Literally. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>
": "It's never too late to be what you might have been.""
My boyfriend is eating a steak before dinner.
You had to have your camera to upload that one!
The Help, The Sweetness at the Bottom of the Pie, and there is one on my wish list that takes place in DC I will check
LOVE your program! Have a FB page?
"Leader of the Rebellion", "Employee #001" & "Videologist" are taken. How about "Truth Seeker" or "Head Honcho"
Janet Jackson killed it 8 years ago and no other has topped it.
oh okay then I am not offended bhahah I still love you.
Beauty may attract the admiration of the passing hour, but it is the richer beauty of moral worth...that commands the deepest reverence(1850
Ditto. RT So Texas over Cincy wasn't one of my better picks, I gather.
Working on the new house!(:
there isn't one 16 & pregnant where the dad doesn't leave. bitch come back & take care of your child!
He's too busy drinking coffee.
could just about purr right now.
Thanks to everyone who came out tonight for Ultimate Frisbee!!
Rev. Shuttlesworth, RIP
>> I appreciate the follow king
lol u hell
Gonna shower and get the day started! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
yea sure or yes sir? "yea sure...sir?"
Extending brand: problem with publishing is infastructure - need to quckily build &amp; release things. Distribution is now easier.
Wednesday needs to come sooner!
Its taken too long. I been waitn for like 4 days now
man spell something lol!
great to see you this week! Safe travels back to Detroit!
Jammin' to some old school Good Charlotte.
I know its weird ctfu but i love it!!!!
#SOMEDAY you will follow me..<3
We will be in PA very soon! :)
but its for julina so its worh it.
Thanks Frank - Enjoy your gift card! Please note you can combine your card with free shipping if you order 2 or more
It was thursday
That's why I make cocktails. They are mini homages to my tastes and predilections.... Drinking Tequila tonight?
some things were just meant to happen
did u get that email?
There are very few things worse than Friday evening traffic
warn your fans about !! Looks exactly the same....:/
I know. Me too.
its none of my business what an ex does, but when trust is broken its hard to get back a positive perspective about the past.
Pretty awesome huh?! Good for him but I just don't have the time to do...great idea though.
good morning hope every1 has a great day and if you are looking for a smog check we still have our discounts available at our website
Just happened upon your page, haven't seen your show yet but excited to learn more!
Enjoying 's session on Designing Experiences. Who else draws from Dewey and Maslow, and connects the dots to business value?
I really want orange juice.....
that awkward moment when no one cares.
You good?
Yo! MTV Raps greatest 40 moments is on VH1 so ah YEAH that's what will be on as I finish uploading my NHL debate video.
Although it may no longer be the most popular
Gearing up for the 1st day of shooting Season 2 of #teenwolf. This is going to be good.
Thinking about our friends at WFNX Radio right now. They've done a lot for us.
I am a not suspicious character I am simply peculiar...eccentric...
Anything for u Boss <3
Despite cooked foods draining my intelligence, I'm down.
So a fight breaks out on the bus....
whoa! I don't appreciate the disrespect! Shoot ill hop on twitter when I want cuz I'm grown
Daily Kos: The Geeks Should Inherit the World (Wide Web)
Electrolux and Artisan Agreement Marks First Step in North American Licensing ... - Exec Digital (press release)
was so great on loved it! Hilarious when he was about to do the AA on the host! It was great!
wow...that's...that's something...
Pick 24: The Great Divide: A Mathematical Marathon by Ann Dayle Dodds - Elementary (division)
thanks for coming out fellas. Always a good time.
Listening to the US Air Force Band play Journey on the mall
floatin down the river down in New Orleans, diggin the crazy scenes in French Quarter this weekend. Weather is terrific! Jazz and more jazz
loved hearing you speak last night - You're fucking hilarious and awesome!
I just finished the play "The Miracle Worker". Amazing, very good. Any other plays I should read?
I bet you John Mayer takes a shit like a douche.
don't skip tennis practice.
Woke up today alive so I really can't complain
Thanks for the #ff shout out.
DONT FORGET! Semi-Finals are TOMORROW! 7PM at the William Pitt Union! Admission is free so come support your friends and schools!!!!!!
I wipe away your tears come and hug me I love you like you love me
is barely twittering
You are braver than I am, then. You couldn't pay me enough to do what you do ;)
At my homie L.U.S.T party DUDE GOT SO MANY JAZZY WOMEN IN DERE!!! THINK IM BULLSHITTIN....100 TO 3
Quick Q: who do you get to do your games' graphic design/layout? Any recommendations for contract? Esp for cards. Many thanks!
yeah go to the box peace out vrbatta
sunset discgolf? yessir. time to try out these Innova Blizzard discs.
Grateful for paying work, and also that I can get some paying work that involves deeply exploring things that matter.
This hummus would be so much smoother if had bought me a for my birthday.
Dear Post Office, Please don't misplace any of the million invites that we worked so hard on, especially since I had to buy extra postage!
applebees then transformers 3 with the boys!!
Thats great. Did u get the score right or something? Thought city wld win tbh. I'm good thanks. Came down with illness after the game it ...
No, they keep coming for YEARS.
Empty and broken....
- You can also check out Mt. Evans after practice. Much closer and it's the highest paved road in North America.
Mark Newman is a freaking idiot.
. The #CBO says cuts to #CHIP could kick 300,000 kids off health coverage.
Oh. So this IS what I'm doing with my life.
We keep it Grown. We keep it Sexy. There's A LOT in the works for 2012...you DON"T want to miss ANYTHING...TRUST
Want to read stories on every #MLB team from the local papers in 1 place? www.ussportspages.com
Now that would have been awesome! RT He really should have just gone on "Ellen."
RT : Congratulations to the team that will represent USA in Lyon in 2013 - Richard Rosendale & Corey Seigel
so great to hear. Hope to see you soon!
NOTY Fetzer: online teachers always have a plan B, work harder than they did in trad classroom, and train themselves if necessary
Gonna do a lil afternoon renegade INB4 Sessions on Freqbase, live in 10min
Best wishes to all those running the Boston Marathon!!!
Thanks for the post on your blog. Much appreciated.
Bynum 1 block away from a triple-double. Even Kareem didn't get 10 blocks in a playoff game...
need instead to ask "why are libraries not resourcing MORE staff to do Web archiving?"
Knock KnockWho's there !Candy !Candy who ?Candy cow jump over the moon !
let's go!
HS girls soccer: 50 min into the game Oregon scores. Panthers up 1-0 on Edgewood
smoke something
I agree. Great game by Bucky and the coaching staff. Just a frustrating final 15.5 seconds.
Eating Jimmy John's and using the wifi at Starbucks. This is going to be a fat time for me.
Also, make sure to RT so everyone gets free cookies! You don't have to buy cookies to get free cookies, you just have to visit us! 313 E 3rd
In response to our local fireworks ban, try the LCP's homemade 'hood fireworks recipe!: Emptied gunshell powder + rolling papers + caution.
That's awesome RT : I also have students run EdCafes on their thesis statements for part of the writing process
"Do I contradict myself? Very well then I contradict myself, (I am large, I contain multitudes.)"~Walt Whitman
I have a feeling lots of baby boyz in WI will be named Clay this year!
handing out #thenamesake at my old high school this Monday. What a honor to put my favorite book in the hands of young minds.
Hosting a couple of colleagues from the Biggio Center at Auburn. Great conversations about teaching ctr websites, Twitter accounts, etc.
I need to review a jazz concert for a class, but I'm still looking forward to the music, something to eat and a good brew.
#do you #titter on the
Loving the list feature...not sure why I didn't play with it earlier.
you were apart of the first all female #WMMA fight card!
I'm so pissed that my IPod didn't come today. You just can't trust people.
About to give another local reading - still get nervous!
Thursday power day. Leggo.
Just pre ordered Believe! :) and I uploaded a photo for the mosaic <3
I'm starving. Haven't eaten all day. :(
How does RF's goalie Carter Hutton not get a game suspension for his actions as well?! Unbelievable!
thanks Erik!
Nothing better than baseball season
I'll beat u up
plz tweet back
Why is Justin beiber on American idol?
Hahahah, I know right!
If the dress that's on you is wrinkly, a good thing to do is bend your knees to make the fabric taut and roll back & forth w/a curling iron
TOMORROW BABY!!!!
Pretty sure i've never cried as much as i have these past two days.
“: RT : Kudos to JHUs Becky Clark for scoring David Simon as tonight's Banquet Speaker #aaup11”
Seen it twice, once in IMAX both in 3D. I'm going again this weekend...it's A-mazing.
Why do folks get that gnawing feeling that it's not just the bad guys we're up against, it's the evil behind them that's the problem?
Excitedly I got me one, I got a runner. And with that he aimed and fired his 30/30. I hope Mad Jack was looking at the Beautiful blue sky
in data session - students with chronic absenteeism at risk of dropping out had no relationship with an adult in the school. Sad
Kids who have been abandoned by bio-mom, Mothers day should still be celebrated. It should be the day to recognize who is really there for u
It's 11:03pm...keep going!!!! I'm just sayin:)
Trying to get a del sol
Fingers crossed for the right place. It is exciting to hear that you're heading that way.
HEARD THAT PLACE IS POPPIN!
Don't like being awake and not talking to Jose.
Real Interesting Blog, Keith!
i may rip my eyes out
give me Manu in a game if 21 it usually turns into a game of slop shots and he is the king!
good to have you back on the outside. did I tell you I was lockedup a coupla weeks ago?
yes. He's so dreamy.
have a really bad headache
Eggs. Check. Sausage. Check. Cheese. Check. English Muffin. Check. Could it get any better?
The youth is sick
Need more boots! Mother said I can't wear my cowboy boots anywhere except the barn because they smell like horse crap!
Make sure to follow and support as he travels to #GoldenGloves National tournament!
of course!
Some attorneys in the industry are now billing $1,250 an hour per the Wall Street Journal.
About to see my play the #orioles. Hopefully I'll see !
This paper.
Rollin in the Deep, my favorite song about food fried in the South.
This game is getting intense. Vandy takes the lead 51-53!
Reminder: Christmas happens on December 25th every year. They didn't change it. Turn the music off.
what an awful tweet.
It's just about that time...
Happy Friday! Here's to no cracked eggs this weekend! Rise+Design every day. Like a boss!
thank u for #peacefrombrokenpieces as I was reading I felt myself become my best me, my warrior woman, bless u for sharing!
i know I'm in the vast minority here, but I didn't care for THE HOST.
Happy National Small Business Week to all the other small businesses in the U.S.!
Help! What kind of tape is best to use on a car? Duck tape? Or sth else? Need to cover a crack b/w headlight & bumper. Thx in advance!
#HoodFebreezeScents homemade fried chicken.
literally sat with my hand covering my mouth so i wouldnt scream and wake up my parents.
Just saw a infomercial on a "Buzz-Saw" and thought...where is in this?
my penis hates me today. Dicks don't do weather well. Balls are even worse. Cowards.
Gregory Bateson, 1970: "My motto is 'divide in order that you may not be conquered.'"
So true. You just grew. :) RT : Think Friday 13th is dreadful? Wait till Saturday the 21st. But what doesn't kill us makes us stronger!
aw love u too E! Haven't seen you in forever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
doesn't deserve this
i wish you were still apart of my life. <3
:K love!
the sarcasm was unnecessary.
Wow! Atlanta..
this is genius! I might give it a try this weekend, thanks for sharing
Up early back on grind mode, where u at?
Lmfao they some stupid ass putas!
One phones calling limit has been reached
The Sears Tower will always be the Sears Tower. I don't care what England says.
I wish I can vent on fb. But No! I have too much family members on there -_-
- Just noticed that I was credited for only one of two flights on Ethiopian Airlines last year. Can you help me sort this out?
Some people are worried about the wrong things and ask the wrong questions
As I have said, the only significant thing about Barack Obama's bio for the Harvard Law Review is that it is a good joke.
Oh man #LoveGame3! I hope you win love you girl!
is looking for film crew members that are available to work Fantasy Fest in Key West, Florida from October 28 to 31, 2011. Please email me!
Neon Bible...this track never gets old. Love the new album too. Thanks for making amazing music.
This girl keep callin me Z I don't even want to correct her no more....*shakes head an walks away*
Ah man.....the new Kellz. It lacks both the uplifting qualities of "Happy People" and the raunch from something like "Double Up".
I installed for the first time last week for a digital project I'm working on. Easy install. Good luck!
i hopefully get my tax refund on feb. 21st! yippee!
im so afraid to tweet about him i feel like he'll see it...my tweet about him walking a woman to the bathroom omfg if he saw..
time to slice 'n dice my sim card :)
My stars said I would meet the woman of my dreams tonight.
Thanks! RT #FF these career experts:
I hereby declare today my video editing today.
Working. bosses don't buy 'rockies fever' excuse
Its good to see people from around my way make it, D.C./VA you killed the Boston College show in April!!! Keep holding it down fam!!!
Dang. They're getting desperate.
nice jerseys!
Meh, I dunno. I'm kind of over solo shows.
new word: "Slack-a-demic": the unhurried scholar
Buy Now - Sell Later - Make Huge Profits - Only in America!
where you been, btw? Gonna be at bocce tmrw?
Bloomberg TV's "Taking Stock With Pimm Fox" 5:30 PM EST TOMORROWNIGHT
a sleepless night...up since 2am. On the up side, I did swap some messages with Paleface on the road...PF and Mo kick some serious ass.
What's this go Heat stuff ?? You turnin on your home town boys??
So good! Love it!
It's 12:30 in my heart. Thank you KLock.
"Overuse of the word 'grace' leads to our avoidance of naming the Holy Spirit at work. It masks our functional deism." Jason Vickers// Ouch
probably won't tweet 10pEDT often; seems so dern late back east. Personally? I'm a night owl, its fine (better?) for me ..
dont hurt your arm patting yourself on the back.
Thanks for the follow!! :)
thanks for the support - looking forward to our event at the Phoenix Zoo on 4/21, Hope you can make it! Haven James is playing!
Beautiful afternoon:-)
dude, you gotta give Salma a tie breaker! Ungentleman like...
not for all girls
ok so i got the maps but the playlist wont start a game. this sux worse than waiting for the maps!!!
Your fucking drama smells of implosion.... <U+E10B><U+E113><U+E421>
Life is something to do when you can't get to sleep
Thanks for the RT boo. Stay tuned for more vids to come
my pleasure Dan have a wonderful New Year filled with love, light and a little enlightenment where needed.
Thank you for following Peterson Chiropractic in Manhattan
help the SDCC reach 1,000 fans by Friday by clicking on the "Suggest to Friends" button!
You're making my back hurt again. . . .
No. Whatever makes YOU happy. And that "whatever", is me. :D
Yes a pencil...As in that is what's going to be the only thing left of our public schools if Gray gets elected
Thanks for the RT!
wish i could retweet that
Madison police say they will assist inside Capitol if asked, but would only remove ppl on Chief's order for public safety reasons
damn I would but I have no sitter
wow!!!!!! What a segment!
Directed kid and dad to storytime.
yep! $8 corned beef sammich w/fries ...$2 beer brats and hot dogs!
I just DMed u check ur box
People behind the plate at the UT game yelling at ump on pitches that aren't close
What does your event entail? Sounds like a great cause :)
NBC moved Chuck to Friday last year for its final 13-episodes. I'm interested in seeing how things are without EPs
When it comes to #landscaping, create the steps you wish to take and prioritize them according to your desires
lol @ coconut ERL!!! I stay say ferl, erl, and berl so I'm not mad!
RT : New draft of Kline ESEA bill includes 3 percent state-setaside for tutoring/school choice programs.
Lebron is still better than KD overall
thanks for the tip - we ha lunch there today! Good food, tho the guac side was pretty meager.
love wheeling 25 year old broads at the bar when they think I'm 21.. get some!!
how are the slopes?? Always wanted to go theree..
congrats on the TV interview today you rock " a by baby "
#ODU brings infield in, Rob Fonseca sends baseball out for three-run shot. #Northeastern takes 9-3 lead w/ no out, B7.
Does a one legged duck swim in circles? RT Should the NBA factor in the past when disciplining Metta World Peace, yes or no?
SHOUTOUT to !!thank you!:)FOLLOW HER SHE FOLLOWS BACK!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
NO GIRLFRIENDS TILL AFTER WE TOUR
it was a good run for her. She needed it. Hopefully she can build on it & turn her luck around.
iRockz My Heart On My
Sticking to my roots. Rock Chalk all the way baby!
thanks 4 the heads up
TONIGHT - SNL with DJ's J-Roc & G Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team @ ABQ's Best Place To Dance!!!!!
only you can wear themm !:)
Attention all SWH fans! Send us more pics of you in our merch and we'll post it in our fan photos section! Represent!
Ok boys, let's give QPR, and my blood pressure, some help. Score another!
I wish I can take my ass to bed!!
Gym to run my butt off.
YOU Guyz Rock! Keep the info and + vibes commin
Got a DM from you - have you been hacked?
all i need is some motivation to do this essay >.<
If that's your worst confession...I think you're just fine! LOL!
Congratulations to Mike Rogers of Columbia, MO! Mike is the winner of our latest custom guitar strap giveaway.
Having pho at the new place on cap hill. Ba bay. Which just makes me think "ba bay booey". So already I'm enjoying myself
I saw you got the botox for your hyperhydrosis? I had the surgery about 4 years ago & I'm so thankful I found it!
I'm sure they said the same thing when the telephone was invented.
Just had a delicious double burger at Shack Shack. Goodbye bread, old friend, I'll miss you.
searching online for peacockish patternish fabric
rather have a fan in a free or cheap seat than no fan at all.
I hear you...
Jay Z in the morning can cure all problems!
": That's Collin's second goal of the season and Zusi's sixth assist. Zus leads the league in assists."
“It's not the will to win that matters-everyone has that. It's the will to prepare to win that matters.” - Bear Bryant
I don't think I'm going to have FX when I move. Will have to watch AHS online next season.
My job has been fun building this site from the street upward, I been in some hott spots gathering my footages. I'll be n da UK soon Sonia.
you guys like what you hear? get us up to 2k likes and we'll release another song along w/ a show date. help us out!
Regarding 'Tess of the d'Urbervilles': "Damn, that woman was in the wrong place at the wrong time in the wrong century." - 50 Shades of Grey
Ayoo ICONiacz.!(: -_- i lost 5 followers...i see how it is ;P
My dads morning got ruined cause he couldn't find his coffee cup. Lol
on it now thanks. going to take first picture very very soon.
In extremely related news, I get to write a headline now.
I will be playing Whitney all day!!
Corporate & Private Events <U+2605> Event Coordination <U+2605> Event Management <U+2605> Consulting <U+2605>
"Obama has to use a cartoon character instead of real people to justify his record." ~ MItt Romney on Obama's "The LIfe of Julia"
You can render humanity no greater service than to make the most of yourself.
man I'm low til Friday cuz
thanks for the follow back
I know that seemed out of left field (hehe) but seeing your tweet reminded me of comments at the end of the IHE article.
Memphis made plays when it counted. Tough loss for Clips, they dug themselves too deep through 3 qtrs.
haha doesn't hurt to give in ;)
Totally agree!!! RT : "Perfect" is the enemy of happiness.
Nah man I'm excited as hell. Love spendin time with my family. Especially my cousins ahah uk
A lot of our members have already signed up for #RWA #conference...are you going?
I like to chop up the veggies pretty small but of course it is up to you
ha you had my heart & soul....
There's no need to rush. If something is meant to be, it will happen. In the right time, with the right person, for the best reason.
"I AM NOT YOUR BABY DADDY!" LOLOLOL Nick >> you
too many to list in 140 characters or less ;-). What sounds good to you today?
You're welcome!
“ Don't take everything I say personally. If the shoe doesn't fit… Don't fuck up your feet tryna put it on...”
Headed down to to check it out! You should be there too!
I'll get one :)) , where I get it from ?
what!?!?! This changes everything. Next your going to tell me Weird Al has been wearing extensions. Is anything sacred!!
Tell the teacher that most professional writers do that too and to back off.
There are 3 things you can't recover:the word...after it's been said. The occasion...after it's been missed.The time...after it's gone.
What has everyone been listening too lately?
This is where the Kinect seems to come into it’s own
wow...been too long! having too much fun! haha
we keep talking about doing it but were worried we wouldn't have time
"Maybe I have it & I don't know." -owner of a store when asked about tums #miscommunication. What do u have/don't & don't know it?
What a wedge shot! So clutch congrats!
Taking an hour for blonde to show!!! #DarkHairProblems <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
Ok, i need your help, Could u help me ? it would mean a lot to me (:
loved the event. Keep us in the loop on future opportunities to connect at
"Don't wait for the perfect moment, take the moment and make it perfect."
“: so anxious ."^ stuck in my head
I couldn't find him when I put in Aaron! CHANGE YOUR NAME!
“: how everything going bruh is that shit hard” naw it's a cake walk..u gotta humble ya self thou, dats wats hard!
It's very odd to spend the day watching romantic comedies with strangers and then get paid $15 for it.
Seriously,no one touched L-BJ and he was deeply hurt that no foul was called. such a fucking baby
Thanks for coming by today!!! I got u as soon as we open!!!
got frosting all over my touch screen ~•^•~
Onnly one wine when it's this hot- #VinhoVerdes from Portugal. Lots of great choices, fresh with a hint of bubbles.
Kenny, it is meek, humane, and temperate
"Don't worry honey, cleavage makes your cross hang straight"
loved you in "The Pact" at Sundance. Thanks for following.
#healthy garbanzo bean and potato salad with kalamatas roasted red pepper n saffron aioli! Superb!
i'm not ... could care less
join today post highlight tapes and photos make player profile and blog about player all free get free exposure today
I'm hungry! AGAIN! :/
Getting paper !!!'
Hiccups in class <<<<
Love you too! : Haha love you (:
He looks so sad and lost and ill. Time for an intervention?
what up bro been along time how r u....
SOMEONE tweet mere : D ?
It means you're supposed to try to figure out what the prof thinks is best...not what you might think is best. Which is bullshit.
Happy Valentines Day:)
Ch. 11 Annual operating cost per inmate in 2001 for Alabama was $8,128
Krissy birthday is over. It's happy belated after 12. Smh lol
When I'm sad, I stop being sad and be awesome instead C:
good day just read some algorithm papers now planning new visualization tools to show off the work.
Not our friend Scott. lol! I haven't heard from him in awhile actually.
Give yourself enough time to warm up before and cool down after exercise.
Terrible fucking day.
oh no, it's never too soon for such things! People keep sending my mom Rainbow Bridge condolences...
Having a blast. Thanks Jones Family come and see us again next Wednesday!!!!
lol wow. Too bad we kind of broke the bottom of it......
I get it. But it doesn't have to be that way. The guys who play hard deserve praise even when things are going bad IMO
Roads once traveled can lead to paths unexplored.
A brilliant member of our team asked an insightful ? 2day, "Are we a SOLUTION or R we a Device?" I'm Firmly ensconced in the Solution camp.
Ebony on #ANTM just said "I didn't get chose..." She's officially out for me.
That's awesome!
lol you meant a purse, didn't you?
Fist pumps for Miranda lol, this is awesome love! Keep up the wonderful work, continue to shine & lead by example! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Thanks for the RT!
Registered for the SAA meeting in San Diego and immediately got sucked into a hotel researching black hole. I want to stay in every hotel!
arrived safely in Chi for #cocoaconf Would like to hang out, but I am just too durn tired. Need to rest up for the tutorial tomorrow!
Hello Brooklyn how you doing where you going can i come too
me too:(
cannot stop crying. oh my.
Hey fans!! So who's coming to rock out with us on Friday?
tweeting at 5am. im such a college student
Love Love Love Love <U+2665>
I will be there! C u at FB202!
Getting nervous about driving on the left. Countdown to Ireland: 3 days.
Number 4 throwing picks....then Culpepper to Moss
Special Prosecutor: GET TO THE POINT!
Gettin ready for my 2deep niggas to get in and !!!!!!!!!!
The day is over after 17 hours
Media email from Bdwy Across America's Matt Porter says: keep your tix if you were at today's #lesmisindy matinee. More info Mon.
Awesome surprise of the day- just bumped into Ralph Bronner (As in Dr. Bronner's soap) :)
We up here way to early!
There's a story behind every person. There's a reason why they're the way they are. Think about that before you judge someone.
Mike, where are you located? Your website has no address listed.
Congrats on nixing the caffeine! What alternatives have you been drinkig? flavored water? regular water!?
It is the province of knowledge to speak and it is the privilege of wisdom to listen.
You've got out on the edge every time you call.
i love you! <33333
we need to do lunch/happy hour later in the wk! When r U free!?
Great stuff. Bring home a win
no word yet. as soon as I hear re: classes/rehearsals I will announce
looks like vomit RT : need that whole pack RT : badly RT : Yo i want them white/gold VIs
Visit our City Year Milwaukee blog...there are lots of cool things to see www.cityyearmilwaukee.wordpress.con
Time to clock out and see what's going on at the "Round Bar"...Slide in for one!
follow me on twitter
fear cannot exist in the presence of trust and faith. It's the perfect example of "three's a crowd."
I'm feeling more and more apt and in-line with my career aspirations! You have to revisit that once in a while.
my wife loves U guys She walks around the house saying "You want to help me or what?"
“: y'all still at tha red gym?” yep still here
Obama lied. Expanded the wars. Prolonged patriot act, signed NDAA. I'm not voting for him again. Ron Paul!
watch the ticks!
#WhoeverSaid The sky is the limit lied , because we have walked on the moon
forreal. yeah i got to fill in this week tuesday and thursday all day - b/c they don't have avid this friday b/c of minimum day
Everything in #lincolnpark is worth a tour...naturally ;)
I want a a truck like that but filled with pudding. MT DC celebrity sighting ... just passed #pothole killer :-)
Im bout to fall asleep
Don't know why I play golf?
Kevin Stott's got his head between his cheeks...
Last year I came to parade of classes & then to DC to see this year he came here first and now I'm at the parade
HUGE SUMMER MEMBERSHIP SALES ENDS TOMORROW!!!! Call for details 206-283-7246.
If you still haven't gotten a copy of Passion 101 or Your Best Day Today, see me June 8 at Nubian Bookstore in Southlake Mall from 3 - 7p
Ok will do!:)
it's illegal to be ghetto at 1:30 in the morning.
Playing Hotel Indigo (West End) with & tonight @ 7 PM!!!
Are you sure you didn't lose a bar bet to some toy company exec?
RT Got my 3yr old all set for school. Grabbed keys. Turned around & he'd changed into Spiderman costume. Late, but smiling.
S/o to doin it big in the underground!!!!
Thanks for the retweet!
little five points is one of the COOLEST places in Atlanta ! Check out the thrift stores they are the best !
proud of my boys. the outcome sucks, but they did well...especially without Kendall Marshall.
I wanna stay UP ALL NIGHT! :D
its cool take your time.i have so many ppl i am watching on twitch right now.i can watch them in till you come back. :)
GET THE NEW ALBUM ENTITLED "THE END IS WHERE WE BEGIN"! IN STORES 4/17/12 VIA
Happy #Easter. You fools!!
lmfao x) i used to tweet a lot, so that might be it lol.
nothing is worse than the mini heart attack you get when you accidentally call someone and you're trying to end the call..
So glad you reprinted "Here to make friends." I think of the phrase all the time and finally ordered me a shirt.
they're from Canada. So I guess we can give them a break...this time.
didnt know that life is so awesome and is this challenging.
Buying #followers just shows that you have as much #integrity as people who buy prostitutes. If you gotta buy 'em, you don't deserve 'em.
Gonna get sunburnt today...... <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
we hope so too!
Good morning twitfam! Hope everyone had a great Mother's Day weekend. Back to
Holly cougar
“: This team is so poorly coached it makes me sick” another game in the
Get your legal documents served by Expeditious Process Servers in Sacramento, CA.
I agree. You make a really good point.
I feel you
Looking forward to the day when we can travel instantly to locations telekinetically.
If everybody would just be REAL about everything, the world would be so much of a better place .
2 and a half weeks then... Jamaica!!!
Nix baby
N/P I'm Still A Hitta
Oh my poor feet are killing me =(
Im confused as fuck
Suffice to say the list of shows not to watch is WAY longer than the "to watch" one.
yeah I would love to be sent to do all those awesome things for free!!
GoodMorning Fellow Tweeters :)
A true, uncompromising American visionary...RIP Steve Jobs.
At karaoke! <3
So, basically, the next 36 hours are gonna be a shitstorm of rain and snow. Great. Welcome back Spring.
what does that mean? :0
Augmtd Reality: extra data; impact education in 2-3 years; could be additional signage; tutorial; bridge virtual and phys
your recovery period will get shorter if you and B hang in NYC more often. Thanks for sharing. Great weekend. Big finish for M 2.
I wish things with us had been easier all along,Yeah I know what happened, but you didn't really need to make that big of a deal now did you
I have to make so many appointments today.Hair.Nails.brows & dinner reservations
Harry gets an A for effort tho #FormerPlayers #FreePass RT : Hey Harry on 107.5 the plural of series is still series. Not serieses
Just added to #WFX2012 Creative Animation Studios
Watching KDKA news. I love when live TV shows or radio shows take calls from the dumb ass yinzer public. They just don't know when to talk
wish I was near that
Gah! alright. we'll try to work something out. My seat is a lawn chair and a 32-inch TV hooked up to an iPhone.
I don't need a map because Melissa has it all memorized.
Looking for candidates to fill a #solo #Law #Library #Manager role in DC, candidates must have some management experience and 4-6 years of …
#That FAKE laugh you do when YOU don't understand what somebody just SAID to you.
Your life can only be as free as your perception of it.
The heat must be coming back cuz my TL is turning back up. Lol
Good morning....gotta go 2 work 2day
RT : It makes me feel a little guilty, how passionately & unequivocally I adore my children when they're asleep.
Some FP code can be easily shown to be better than non-FP. Some FP code just seems like code golf
We are excited that you are excited! Thanks for helping get the word out!
Damn Celtics come on!!!!!!!!
“: I love #TeamBieber. No one can stop this family” we love you so much more !
you bad
All that aside. June is STUNNING
A good reason to use Facebook - For every one Facebook fan, your company is said to receive 20 extra website visits per year.
It's not as offensive as Gary Thorne comparing Pete Weber's courage to a Wal-Mart greeter reluctantly helping on a spill
Congratulations To The 6th Man Of The Year
Just picked up our first catering job of the year. Can't wait. Thanks Brown Mackie College!
Checc me out
it's been awhile uncle. How's the mojo?
Total time on the call: 30 min, including hold time and two dropped calls. These people better not suck.
Oh yer watching tv
Seriously! Weirds me out.
their surprise is odd given their line of work, no?
SOX: #Royals take 4-3 win to capture series win over the #RedSox in Missouri for first time since 2006. Back home to Fenway tonight.
This guy loves calling me a school girl.....what's up with that?!?!
Bark For Life this weekend at Jerry Cline Park from 6-8pm. Christine and Alia will be there with Sammie, Misa and Nym - hope to see you!
That is so exciting! Congrats my friend! Sounds like you're having a blast!
Flip Flops as well. Somehow that still creeps me out.
Happy Earth Day!!!!
Over 200+ listed companies on StaffingMarketplace! Don't miss out and get listed today!
Looking forward to this Thursday ! I know your about wild out and put it down in So Fla K Hart!!
I can't wait for the book and now I want the skirt from the font cover too.
RT if you remember Tyler, The Creator & Chris Brown's twitter argument! ahahah he called him a lightbulbb thoughh ?
I love my right and my bff my sista thanks my
exactly. But ill get 23+ miles on them at Ragnar and another 14+ on my Type A5's
it's still trying to recover from your wrath
If you want to recapture your youth, just cut off his allowance. - Al Bernstein
you know datttt !
It's friday Friday! Gotta get down on Friday!
they say Worthy. But nothing confirmed yet
: Its possible my argument hasn't been entirely hypethetical. See previous tweet.
#oomf has really frustrated me lately.
It could've been Auto Corrected. You never know. And plus I mean it rhymes! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
God is good all the time .
Why'd u lie? You should of told me first
Glad to be home from 10 days in Texas... Stay tuned for a fun announcement on Wednesday that you won't want to miss!
Feels good to be 20!
interesting story! side note: Is that iFly pic from the one at Universal City?
just working and hitting the gym. You?
R.I.P Donna Summers, your words of encouragement will always be a source of inspiration for me.
Happy Birthday Sam<3
I agree with you. He's useless. If he was a GOOD doctor, he'd be in a hospital full time. NOT on tv.
Does Chris Parente have any jokes in which Dave Fraser isn't the butt of the joke?
Note to all your #pr ppl out there: PLZ make sure what u send media is NOT a 6 pg email. And make the time and day easy to find
Wednesday... Charles and Baltimore...beautiful 73 degrees for a grilled cheese
send me that fuckers info everyone get together and report that dumb fuck
Or just ignore me, I don't mind. I mean it's not as if I wanted to talk to you or anything
Black jack cola!!
Saw a Panda Express with a drive-thru window for the first time. Sadly, the drive-thru did nothing to improve the taste of the chow mein.
q2: Wow, GOOD JOB finding a position and congrats. Not easy in this economy. Srsly
Did you get a copy already? Let me know what you think about the songs, please. Thanks. =)
that stat has its flaws
I know someday being upset about this will all seem stupid , but for now it hurts :/
jeah eats truely Rihanna you is the best my successor
Agree no me gusta la photo.. Did you trade me in 4 a drag queen :/ can be your bff but you can only have #1gaybff me
We're playing tonight in Philly with , and down and get weird with us you fucks!!!
Q6 #TechTea #Ultrabook A few minutes, but it runs a lot of software. The Rapid Start tech would be awesome to have.
Studio 24/7 congratulates Chelsea Alden for booking a LEAD in a Feature Film - shoots in June.
i want to work with you musically
well, what a guy that is. He did you a serious solid.
Overheard well-dressed AA woman@ kroger: I aint never seen a preacher wearin no muthafuggin tight body shirts.
Congratulations! Our Style Agents are coming for YOU!
True. Plus? FREEDOM!!!
watching yall on ! (;
Thanks for following us! -Dove Express
Lol! The financial risks of watching beauty vids on YouTube...Will definitely keep the vids coming. You'd better do the same : )
Love the sound of steady rainfall at night.
All out to join us at #SaveOurClinics at 12pm tomorrow. Large coalition of Clergy will be announcing their full support for our movement.
omg... what happened!
how was this past weekend in Boston? Sorry I couldn't make it out, man.
Give me a call if you were thinking about giving that perfect candy arrangement as a christmas gift!!!
I am at a wedding reception that has a camera on a crane.
It's the way I’m feeling I just can't deny But I've gotta let it go
either way id be surprised if he plays for ND again. Not getting the starting job...he'll transfer.
"Why does water have an expiration date? I mean you don't take a drink of water and spit it out and say 'Ew, it's stale!'"
Clinical tomorrow!.. Vincentian bright and early <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B4>
Wish I had a girl to say goodmornin to =\
Playoffs finally! Way to go
can I get a RT to grab some followers so a beer league west coast hockey team can get a sponsor or 2 follow:
She better
ALPHA NEWS: Eta Lambda, Alpha Rho, Alpha Phi, and Zeta Mu Wins Southern Region Charles H. Wesley Award
Rick Santorum is what happens to you when you accidentally walk in on your parents doing "it".
it means "How are you doing today my good friend??"
Thx for checking out the blog! :D
She's over Smirnoff Ice?
Feeling Good..Can't Complain..All I Need Is A Lil Rain...take a break with me:)
lets work
RT : When we dismantle policies that criminalize students of color then we can talk about if we still need Affirmative Act ...
Now where did we put our mechanical bull? Someone find that dog that will wear a cowboy hat. Thank god we have an illustrator.
Working on UC's virtual campus bookstore
aw thanks Devri!
ya know, I used to live in Germany.
Thanks for following!
Am hoping Barry Manilow will hop next door to the Lyle Lovett concert at the Fillmore for a once-in-a-lifetime duet Saturday.
I cnt breath
Thanks to everyone who came out to lessons last night ! Msg us your email to get the step sheets and weekly reminders!
you receive an email when your app passes cert. Then you either publish it or wait for it to be published.
Too funny. Do you bake? If so, pumpkin muffins are super easy. Better than impulse ice cream. ;)
it takes 21 days to form a habit! and 7 to break one!
Hating someone is not hurting them its just hurting you from having so much anger within yourself
This asian lady drops a case of sunglasses at least one time everyday and always got the same dumb look on her face
15 million blood cells are destroyed in the human body every second.
i like watching my strange addiction because it’s like ‘hey i cry about bands but that lady is addicted to smelling doll heads’
She just tried to ruin the mood something serious lol
Tobias was a nevernude, which means exactly how it sounds
and it all sounds so good and soo good for u!
no sir. Its game 7.
#Yankees Rivera carted off field with apparent knee injury
yess! Cause my bf will be home tomorrow for break from college.
Be one with my femin-ay!!
WHY AM I SO HUNGRY
That's because it stopped being relevant years ago.
Testify on my nigga.. I'ma blow up yo house, for the next few years I'll be in control of the south #TheHottestTopic aka
omg...i hope she gets demoted for all of this
Visualize this thing you want. See it, feel it, believe in it. Make your mental blueprint and begin. Robert Collier
#Iona can ball.
freshman year is finally done!
Awesome! Thanks for sharing -
whys this train so fuckin crowded
Is having a hard time getting going this morning.
And what do you do to come home to yourself?
Yes but "written" just means "published" right? So like folk songs, roots could be deeper. Also, links you posted appear dead.
I try my best to feel like a young girl again... i'm growing up too fast :/
I'm sorry buddy! Come up here!
Peace going to bed
Amile Jefferson is set to make decision Tuesday, per
Heard Dakota just arrived.
Welcome to the rotation Estrada! Strikes out the side in the first.
Wait, Payton Manning doesn't want to win a Super Bowl!?!
ah stupid questions I missed by two!! Oh well next time I'll kickass <3
Brilliant flash of light right outside my window and then loud boom. Yikes
Thanks guys!
Ugh. I hate my name. :(
Gettin my #fringe on!
haha sweet. I've done the StarTrek sequel,Glee,Gangster Squad but all background work I'm waiting for my first TV or movie break ;)
No school today! Eating breakfast then going to work on things(:
Gosh. I miss him.
Solo show next Friday night at The Court in New Brunswick, NJ. Get your requests in now.
please keep that forever
2X": “ Im very understanding but I feel like ppl dont hear me out!"
Fabulous weekend with old friends. As usual, so happy to be headed home.
Watching Benjamin Button. Never gets old
Then who did I kill?
that does get annoying
Surprise, surprise. Komen quickly reinstates Planned Parenthood funding after intense public fury. Politics+medicine=explosion.
Hahaha seeing things you didn't really see
My sister doesn't wanna share her wingstop <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> #whatabitch <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Congratulations on new position as CEO of - can't wait to see where you take it next!
I find it odd that libs dont speak out against sharia when its worse than anything Chistianity would do to freedom. NT
Money money money... how much do you think 'The Scream' will fetch at auction? RT
I dont even see my promo on your blog..
after this season I AM OFFICIALLY DONE W/IDOL!!
If you weren't already told this today .... know that you're Amazing and you can do anything you set your mind to!! Follow your dreams!
Cloudy in Orlando today...miss the sunshine!!! But, enjoying the day! :-)
Temporary relief for Sunday night anxiety.
you & better GO! “: NBC is sponsoring 2...and I still dont think I can... unless I walk lol..."
watching on should kids goto college
Good luck to and the rest of my guys from Team Nebraska! Do work in Arkansas this weekend!
If you don't swear off wrestling for 3 months.
Great performance from IIOS during halftime of
Obviously, i like the way you think
Get Weight Loss Tips and Causes of Weight Gain
hey bro
this guy on my fb just called country music not music. Hes not getting away with that. #thingsidontlike:
was disappointing tonight. #buzzbeachball Bush stole the show, for sure.
How about an underground tunnel? (could double as a wine/spirits cellar) ...
shame...shame, where is my drum?
#WideAwake, so my tweets waken up.
Fred! RT : blubber soul
thats just plain stupid
I ain't even mad
Today was definitely a #GoodAssDay ^_^
Oh yeah! Let's get it :D
come watch me on blog
Did I smart-ass tweet bout CWS getting Big Donkey from the Nats last Dec? Ya, I think so. Ignore it, OK? His mojo was in his appendix.
My man #roooooonnnnnnddddddooooo<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080>
the skinny nigga in the white shirt with that crisp ass spin lol
PS spolestra isn't a good coach!! Him and Lionel Hollins make really bad decisions
One of the reasons I got out of academia is b/c I think the university is going to change/collapse. I have Opinions abt it.
get used to it girl because that's how it'll be soon. ;) then you got a whole other year to deal with it ha. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
thank you! Sunshine always makes it a happier day :)
The freshmen get a lot of well deserved attention, but it took a Senior () to get us to the Championship game.
Keep dreaming gypsy RT: : I think secretly wants to be my maid!!!
The hardest thing in life is to figure out which bridges to cross, and which ones to burn.
what are you watching? And laying on the couch watching tv. Haha.
bcuz its warm and never snows there.! Ugh I hate the snow and cold so much ew.
"Do you go out with friends?" "Well, a boy's best friend is his mother..."
Business class is the .biz, son
oh thank you <3 so much
Thank you so much Med! I was looking at your portraits and they are lovely! Glad you enjoyed the music <3
Worked on an interview with Seau and at a charity event last season. Junior was so humble and concerned with giving back to SD
: Did you go to high school with Dave Stieb? That helps a lot.
creeper on my shoulder.
Shoutouts to our producer
$2 Bottles and Burgers at LaSalle Power Co. tonight! 500 N. LaSalle, Chcago! We go live at 8pm!!
God damn court is gross !
Nah, I think it's cause we're 1 in HE, 1 in the PW and 2 in the nat'l ranking with 9 wins in a row haha. Really good season.
If you get a chance we should talk
Don't you hate it when you are out of microwave popcorn and also your balls fall off and then you are forced at gunpoint to eat them?
Enjoy! What class are you taking?
What the heck? Why is the wind back. There goes my park time. Mommy doesn't like her hair getting messed up.
We got the questions, God has the answers.
Pussy nigga....scared to get popped by the chicken grease
Just another reminder: the official twitter page for #AnnieAutomatic is !! LoveLoveLove
#ThingsIWantTheMost a voltran full length movie
The 2 h glee tonight is so making my night right now!
“: You know you're CALLED BY GOD to do something when you enjoy even the dull & mundane parts.”
One of the companies that Poised Creation has a great deal of respect for is Virgin Records!
pat metheney - the way up
Watching Eminen~Like Toy Soldiers
st Lucy's playground
Very cool showing a book he created in iBooks on Google Basic Search Tips
The idle mind knows not what it wants.
(c) The street to get some Gatorade. :/
Females that lie about giving head that makes you look childish when someone already knows the truth
I'm sorry I haven't been tweeting much from this acct. You can find me also
The rain misting on the camera lens makes me think this #49ers vs #Giants game should be showing on the Lifetime network.
" Vanity Fair‘s website relaunch on Adobe CQ5 " & dozens of accessibility errors
sweet!! Thanks. There's another one on #cxcw of solo as well. It's a fun festival
guess what
Heard woman from Cville introduce her two kids, Gucci and Chanel, on a train to NYC.
Movie was great!
No Response Yet .
can't sleep!
DOIN SOME CLEANING TODAY
love the tie is wearing with his white/cream colored coat.
I have some. We are working on getting the show back on the air as well. Keep you posted.
Dana Laurent is talking about women's health.
it should be done wednesday or thursday,just got to start cleaning my room to make room for it
I'm sick,it's cold,it's boring!
if i have to call AT&T 1 more time, i might have a nervous breakdown.
oh cool haha
I swear is so freakin retarded man!!
I would say to get your mind out of the gutter, but you weren't the only one who misinterpreted that. oops...
One of my favorite investigations!
Happy New Year
I Wish describes me right now! x
It was a pleasure finally meeting you tonight at the screening! Hope to see you around soon!
CHECK OUT THIS WEEK'S GIRLS HELPING GIRLS PAGE FOR THE FEATURE SITE OF THE WEEK - IT'S ALL ABOUT FOOD!!!
still some good free tools as Glen mentions | RT : I
just because I look HAPPY to YOU... dose NOT mean I am HAPPY...... THIS IS ME....
A great day to honor those who have served and those who are serving to defend the freedoms we enjoy as Americans. Say thanks to a Vet!!!!
BC is of course worthy of hatred, and I understand how BU can cause jealousy, but poor NU, Harvard, & little Lowell too?
Would love to see it with scholarly journals. Associations/universities for editorial, libraries for access, archiving.
1D on American TV: Niall on Cake Boss. Harry on Cats 101. Louis on What Not to Wear. Zayn on Americas Next Top Model. Liam on Super Nanny.
You're a ginger?
Praise the lord for no school tomorrow!
Swim forever or learn to breathe bullshit.
We're really starting to see a lot of interesting session ideas being thrown up for next weekend's
I need to get back to the gym...
where da FUCK are you ms tonsils me and are slitting our wrists with ms. Quinn
RT NO PROMISES, mind you, but is any other THATCamp in negotiation w/a Taiwanese surf rock house band?
Rickie Fowler is playing some serious golf right now.
Am I in over my head or does every chapter just say the exact same thing?
Lets get some questions for tonights show!!
We move from Anthony Hoffmann's Helvetica to Nick Proferes' riff on Penguin covers.
I want Donald to go home.
fan of what???
yes you do you ):
From my window, I can see the Crew team practicing on the lake out in the snow. I give them props and respect.
actually he was my boss when I was 19 & in college! I can email you some galleries to look at. We WILL travel ANYWHERE
Please email .
Hi there! RT : Welcome!
5 minutes until the music starts at Church. Patrick Coman up first. Come join us and grab a pint. Max and I need more BEER BUDDIS!
why should what matter
#shitmyparentsneverworriedabout I have no idea why my computer is sending you ads for boner pills
nea jazz masters awards last in ny ctr. awardee johnny mandel conducted jalc orch in sublime "shadow of your smile" feat wynton
Can I get the Radio Promo code?
…and by “read,” I mean digest over days and weeks, returning to each book in different moods and at different hours of the day…
oh you gotta love #HCO hahaa
Dog barking CAN & WILL get u kicked out of a dog friendly motel 6.
I go to Proteges, so I get whoever. This new gal did it this time. I'll like it when it's time to get it cut again.
I really don't even have a preference between them at all, either way I'd be rooting for the kings in the finals
so P Diddy just yelled out "Black Power" during interview at dunk contest. um...im not even goin there
That's crazy. On Mother's Day people be tryna dawg single moms but on Father's Day ya'll wanna praise them.
Whoa! Sounds awesome! Hope you were trippin like crazy!
I wish for austin 2 be bigger than jb coz his voice is epic <U+2665> wen ppl say they love him Ill be like I was here first kid !xx<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
"Whatever happens, at least we’ll be together for infinity and beyond."
On October 19, Microsoft advertised Kinect on The Oprah Winfrey Show by presenting Xbox 360 consoles and Kinect bundles to the guests.
hi Giang! Running late, won't be there until about 5, can we push it back? Apologies!
lol shit I can work with that
Aw thank u twin sis for supporting me!;* please follow she is a fun girl!and I love her she looks exsactly like me lol :)
umm...that doesn't sound too good.
This is going to be the Fall of good mellow & soulful music releases! Between & , Sep will be a good month!
You are the SCARIEST guy when you get that crazed look in your eye and drop the gloves. The refs were even scared.
do you know where I can get a compost barrel thing. I know you can make em but jeff wnats to buy one
just because you love food, that has nothing to do with weight gain
Stay tuned this hour to 's Morning Mess for Kelly Clarkson tickets and a spot on our Karmin VIP guess list!
so gOrGeOuS!!!! Love your dress and shoes!!!
You guys are awesome! I am showered and feeling much more human! Thanks!
we're getting there! Very soon!!
I live everyday like its my last. Sorry I like to have fun and not give a fuck about what you have to say or think about me.
happy birthday!!!
I just texted you! Omg ik I have so much to tell you!(: I miss talking to you!
Nice meeting you, too! :)
glad the fans are making the rounds #hotchella! Ooh pix!! Xx
bout to get on that #NoGenre tomorrow
Dodgers fall to the brewers in extra innings final score 3-2
RT: If all things, people and thoughts are energy, what will be your energy today?
If u're doing is what's right for u, it is not work, even if u're getting paid 4 it. If it isn't right, it's usually damn hard work.
how can I help you today ? Christopher / / 602.573.4157
The new girl on espn!! <333333
Songs I'm unsick of: Rolling In The Deep. No judging.
What e-mail should I send it to? Does your King's e-mail work still?
Our life goes out of balance when we try and control our own lives ... Let Go and Let God
I hope u get better sorry I couldn't tel u that earlier I had to help someone so I just wanted to say get well and I love u :)
What's good homie?Tryna link/collab if u are up to workin w/ new producers/writers! Where can I send u some work to check out?
I will definitely. I haven't been in this situation where I've needed someone to do simple things for me like help me with a >
exactly. Hey I'm at a hospital. Imma call you when I leave
A6 Sometimes we bring our recycling back home with us on a road trip.
u should shout out my middle schools team tommorrow night, we doing our end of season basketball party at blazers game
was tonight the only nite u were going to see the play?
it's definitely my favorite part of baseball so far. I got a scary amount done during that game.
Just finished working out at the finch
BOA froze my account and won't let me get my money! Giving to the government tomorrow unless mom files forms re:name change? Help
Wonderful class last night. Thank you (as always)!
I swear #oomf makes it their daily goal to piss me off
and from the crew will be at Pier 45 this evening to network with Who else will be there?
best of luck!
I gotta stop
Is it too early to say....BALL GAME??? These boys are gettin done bad... Any chance for a Laker comeback this game? Doubtful I think...
you're welcome
How are my Twins looking?!?!
also check out his mos dub album
yea to be honest, it bothers me greatly. I wanted all three of my daughters to become nuns, or lesbians.
nice. She will be missed!
Teacher:Dickenzy me:ayy that's my slave name
i think it's called glasses
four more hours for what?
who do u miss
Thanks Followers! Crossed the 2000 threshold last week. Thanks for your support for #Microsoft #Exchange Migration Services.
“: some friends and I have had that on a shared google docs of "date ideas" for a while! yes. Link me!!
Great! :) we're covering the July 19th date so we'll see you there!
roll out soon please follow us for updates! and like our facebook page too! DETROPIA THE FILM
Good, that'd be such an ugly scene
If the feelings aren't there, you shouldn't be either.
I love the narrow and silly ways the "black agenda" gets defined
Just scheduled my fall staycation!! So happy to have something to look forward to!!
Pooping in the dark sucks.
pretty much at peace with the flow right now. Not about apathy, isn't required. By the time needed?, would need redone.
Staring art my new Artoday. I will not be intimidated....
Many people look forward to the New Year for a new start on old habits.
Nice pants. Can I test the zipper?
I was quite pleasantly surprised:) you did a fantastic job putting that together!
Ill take you to the shady lady, make time for it... haha
Who wants to talk :-)
thanks for the RT ;)
f*****ck that movie!
LEGGO....Last nite woke something up in me that I didn't realize I had. Let's keep this unity alive fam & work work work.
"The fragrance of flowers spreads only in the direction of the wind. But the goodness of a person spreads in all direction."
Been to our team nottingham meeting today to organise our events at #MIPIM. If u are going to MIPIM contact us to meet up.
what's with the "thicker/longer" ad on your station? Don't tell me you're trying that too?!!!!
Cool, invite me over! Sure beats in bed with fever. RT : Somebody next door is playing the heaviest of metal in all the land
just started receiving the mailing and am so impressed. Thank you!
"High expectations are the key to everything"~ Sam Walton
How's everyone doing tonight?
Welcome to Twitter, Kristin!
the festival was amazing! i competed in Cheerleading ! hope we compete there again !
good morning everyone! I did have a better sleep. Gotta go have some breakfast now! Pancakes...yummy!
Haha maybe next time!
free download of our first EP and new single on our website www.lazercake.com
awkward turtles yep
Grammatical error.. Going to fast and not rereading
Histriock My Body >
Why thank you doll :) That means a lot, seriously
Almost to 50 likes! :) Next person who likes Saver Gator gets 4 tickets to an Indians Game!
Thank you and everyone else, too many people to tweet who helped make this weekend! Can't wait to chill again soon =P
Thank you, God, for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough
Wow, just did my good deeds for the week. Leaving HRH and people ask for help jumpin battery...Then their dog escapes and I went and got it.
Alright Patriots lets make this game your b***h! :D
Ok Carlos is defenetly learning how to swimm
Hell yea I got it tym to du my thang
The hottest chat line Miami,Texas,NYC,Cali,and all of Latin America web cam or no web cam esta caliente la cosa live from Bayside@ da 305
joke joke joke :D
the scourge? No! Gimmicky? Yes! We have gotten too far away from good single player experiences in the name of motion/multiplayer!
so sad to have missed it - sounds like it was awesome!
How the fuck do I do these twitter backgrounds? Shit is harder than MySpace was -____-
Come on tmobile, draw something doesnt open on my phone anymore. Ugh
DID I TELL U GUYS I WAS IN CHURCH IM FINNA PASS OUT
Gina, do you know when the new parking garage will open at hard rock?
Funny how wrong spelled Terrance J (TerrEnce ) was trending and fake account popped up trying to get artists to DM them. lmao
Erin say Johnny Cupcakes!
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes. - Benjamin Franklin
self confidence: ability to look at the world without the need to find signs that prove you right. - nassim taleb
#whenihavekids I'm homeschooling. I don't trust the public school system.
Thanks for RT the other day about Ward's & Irish Fest! You won 2 tixs.
Premier league title comes down to Man United and Chelsea. They've won 13 of the 17 #EPL titles between the two of them!
Being an airline brat isnt all it's cracked up to be. Trapped yet again :/ ...Least I get to bother miss for the evening <U+2708><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
some people call it hag on your back
Jon Luther keynote speaker straight talk on Dunkin Brands.
tomorrow, the cmc board goes away to the woods for 2 days of strategic planning. and possibly a cocktail or two. :)
ARGH. I wonder how much aggregate time of your life is wasted in contract negotiations. Blech.
Contributions are starting to roll in! Two anonymous $200 donations! I hope that we can keep the momentum up!
Goodnight Justin (:
Lol how's school been? :')
Studies show breakfast eaters eat fewer calories over the course of the day and therefore have better success in weight loss and control.
Joesph it was a pleasure speaking with you!
#leavehim if he wants sell drugs forever and yall have kids
Anybody know who's speaking at #TEDxMileHigh this month?
is the shit!
We would love to see you again!
I'm always amazed at the lack of basketball IQ out there. Then no one tweets back and I wonder if I'm losing it. So thank you.
Thanks for the Follow, Chris!
It's clearly a ticket from the future!
Just found I can laugh until I cry in the midst of being depressed. Fuck nothing makes sense.
Has anyone else notice everything is better than ever?
God is a lot like a coach & he will pull you aside sometimes. He benched me... It took me awhile to figure out why... Continued next tweet
Thanks for the follow... I just followed you back!
Who is your person who you look up to?
god y'all suck..
Many many modernists were involved in plans for or fictional responses to world government between the wars. Discuss.
One week from today, we hit the studio to record the follow-up to the New Mexico EP! We'll be posting photos and other random stuff.
Cool Soo where u live
”I would rather regret the things I have done than the things I have not.” - Lucille Ball
New Character in the Works: "The Octopus-The Moonchild Octopus".
if that same mom wants to treat me tomorrow...let her know I'm available :-)
So what does it mean if he loses? “: Maloney says he had calling from God to campaign, says God is with him.”
Why do our US national holidays favor right-wing Republicans.?
Just kidding<3
Just 2 Members away from 3,500! Who's it gonna be?
Undun by The Roots was on heavy rotation this past weekend!
Thanks Rachel. We appreciate the nice nod.
With the 2 best NBA defensive players ever on the #Heat in LBJ and Wade, I'm surprised the #Pacers even score at all
Come on #windows you piece of shit OS. All I'm trying to do is change a filename....
Yeah, I've seen all that and looked at the data. Dropbox will need to adjust pricing.
Im glad you enjoyed it. Im thinking about bedazzling it, or making it AO themed.
So glad you could attend! Hard to not feel the #AD4MH love in that room. :)
Happy New Year, minions!
Get ahold of a rubber fish and go as Cape Cod
RT : wow #ParanormalActivity is trending...please come to Reno scary movie. --agreed. We may need to plan a trip to the bay!
Only because I don't want to pay for my car to be here. It's not even worth it yet.
So much to do in so little time!!!!!
Dissatisfaction = a call to #change. You're good at adapting, making the best of things. Yet the call will get louder.
Hi Kelly,Beautiful work. Love your artist statement.
enjoted this post on Southern heritage and remembrance.
Only would make it awkward to look at Instagram around my family lol
RT : Today in 1975, the S.S. Edmund Fitzgerald sinks during a storm on Lake Superior, taking all 29 crew members with her.
Generally OBSESSED with our artists! Love, love, love our members!
#aintnothinglike basketball in the bluegrass!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE. (: I LOVE YOU!
": RT if you hate school" i rather not go, but my sister, in africa, doesnt have the opportunity that i have. so i appreciate it.<U+2665>
No excuse not to eat that salad for lunch as is giving away FREE salads tomorrow at its new Flatiron location 18 East 23rd St.
FWIW, the battery life is supposed to improve a lot with Verizon ICS 4.0.4. New Radios.
Yeah! Yesterday! :)
Buy popular demand Ortega's Appliance now works on Bosch front load washers and dryers
So ready for Spring to actually hit with some warm weather...
Happy Thanksgiving. We live in a beautiful world. Thank you God for giving us life to enjoy!
I do love my 10 minute "commute"...plus or minus a minute or two, depending on which stop lights I hit. ;)
i: u should go to China or Japan
#NP "I Won't Give Up" - Jason Mraz <U+2665>
I so wish I could be there. Regards to the class of '73. (that's 19)
Have a great weekend and Happy Halloween everyone. See you Monday!
I BEEN TWEETING PEOPLE. JUST NOT YALL. I TWEET MUSIC PEOPLE
how did you know? Cadbury eggs are my favorite.
Sounds good! :-) RT Bottle of wine chilling, time to get my blog on! Glad to see you tweets!
Adding insult to injury = sitting in bumper to bumper traffic trying to get back into New Jersey
When a Hoe tells you "Don't Trust these Hoes.." You better listen! hahaha
So it seem my phd alma matter, UKY, is ”developing” what my dissertation there did in 2006. Sigh
RT ; If you think is a cutiee (;
good! May she have a speedy recovery.
where'd you get the sphynxs and were they affordable?
Leadership is a potent combination of strategy and character. But if you must be without one, be without the strategy. ~Norman Schwarzkopf
#SalemOR Tomorrow (Saturday) Noon-6PM on the steps of the State Capitol, catch and other artists at Cherry City Music Fest: Hip-Hop
Had a nice dinner
- There is ONLY ONE - It's Always a BIG MISTAKE to Biopic a SUPERTALENT...Whitney was a ONE-OFF.
It's Friday. Jeans are practically mandatory on fridays.
^esI think music in itself is healing. It's an explosive expression of humanity. It's something we are all touched by. No matter what...
But still cooler than an Otter Pop
The dems new ally...Ted Nugent! Just like Palin in 08. Hey, I'm independent...just saying...certain ppl need muzzles.
RT Where broadcasting live on usream from inside in(ustream.tv/channel/djdru2004
nothing I'm trying to fix my iPod so I can text you instead...
not sushi, went into a Greek place. Estia, on locust & broad
is digging Highrise. Excellent software!
Did the real CMPUNK from the WWE contact us to make a theme song for his new web show? Find out next @ ZenLive.tv
. Lets go Melo you have a squad behind you. Let,s go NY...
Positively awesome. I look forward to seeing it.
Heat NEVER come out strong at home for some reason. I think it has something to do with the starting lineup.
Bye OKC see u in a month
more pics please! keep them coming! #JuliesWedding ;)
Cyber Monday! Tell us where you got the best deals!
Mrning peeps its friday time to party have a great werkend n be blessed
I have reason to believe the person stalking around in front of my apartment is a hooker. Watching through the window.
Ugh , finally off work my feet hurt. Del Taco then home to my love .
Did Huggins say what set him off at the end of the game?
About to cook with coconut oil for the first time. This fancy food shit is killing me.
If I ever have a band, I'm calling it The Eponymous Naming Conventions.
I'm gonna trust you with this. The last time I went swimming I almost drowned.
o_0 for that ...wat sef...is it not soccer we are betting over?
can't wait to see MEST! It's been way too long! The NYC show can't come soon enough!
yup! i used to teach in chelsea (in nyc) and had many LGBT students and parents; did ss unit on INTOLERANCE inc. LGBT
I will pray for you. God forgives most ignoramuses.
D.C. local cover band playing all the songs that make you get up and dance. www.myspace.com/justwannaplay
Listening with your whole body is an important present moment awareness practice. We can learn so much when we truly listen
Ok friday it's a date“ end of the week hun”
yes I am, lol
LeBron James is better than Michael Jordan. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I get to be in the audience tonite for Oprah's first LIVE Lifeclass show! Watch it tonite on OWN at 7 AND 10PM-U mite see me there smiling!
Osborne: slow and boring can be ok. 'Avalanches cause a ruckus. Glaciers change the world.' Oh that HPC would be a gospel glacier!
those among our go to sources too. Thanks for all you do for
Really don't like the people I live with. When I move out Ill be loving them from a distance.
“: are you forgetting that its May 7th? #EphesiansKeys”
aw happy three month anniversary(:
I wanna see Kansas and Louisville make it final.
Rashaaaaaaaddddd!!! What's good?? How you doing? I miss my natives
we all stayed home on the same day.... oh tay the dad in awkward is so hot
trying to catch up on email...
Free wings at Hooters if you take your mom.
the music students had a fun reference assignment last week that brought back memories of my LIS 'Search and Seiz(ure)' exercises.
“A Minute with Maxwell” Free Daily Coaching from: www.johnmaxwellteam.com Sign up to get them every morning!
There's an App for that.
Happy #veteransDay Shout out to all the #veterans that got us to where we are #today:) #thankyou!
I love pizza.
what kind of box?
Took time this weekend to recharge my battery, Monday morning
Where is the best place to get cheesecake in #Milwaukee!?
Got a W with 2 starters out.....great team effort!
Coffee and hiking should be the start of everyday...RT : Plan of the day... Hike, write.. And pack :) first.... Coffee! :D
you welcome:) aww cool:D x
Can't wait for y'all to see these Grip tv interviews! S/O for do her thing!
Happy birthday !!
hm sure ;D your gorgeous ...
At least my wish came true..
#amwriting on LINEAGE, and it's at 70.1k atm. Should be finished with this draft by the end of next week. Maybe the weekend if all goes well
Friends will always ride with you in a limo but it is a real friend that will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down
Feeling really rushed with tonight's prayers for world peace recognizing God's about to be distracted with TEBOW-TIME!
it's ok prayers go out to you all!
hahahaha your still 86ed from our kitchen lol. Why are you not here?
I'm so addicted to grilling I'm hoping it will outweigh the risk factors :)
54% of all MBA students admit to cheating, does this come as a surprise to you?
aww man, I was looking forward to it so much. I love you and Piper you guys are so awesome :)
That last tweet about tiger was a little premature.
Magic kingdom<3. ; Suck it byotches. (;
I DO NOT MEAN TO STRIKE FEAR IN ANYONE'S HEART BUT...
I hadn't realized "Dig a large hole at the base of the patio" was on today's to-do list. Apparently The Dogs r working off their own agenda.
hm still no call from Daphnee for my promo rate. Have I been dropped from the radar again?
At Chick setn up
When Austin's online Twitter becomes so alive. (:
We work w/ social, private and public sectors to advance health & human potential for vulnerable populations
Time to quit playn
Will you help me when I get my work?
I love u Eeeershhhhley
#LIUNA General President Terry O'Sullivan taking the podium...buckle up!!
best tweet ever.
Voodoo Doughnut Bacon Maple Ale. Like breakfast in a pint glass. Yum!
Creativity is thinking up new things. Innovation is doing new things.
Robin Harper is seeking input on educational potential for Metaplace
Interesting post about iPad remorse.
Record an album with Anton Music Productions and we will build you a free website!
if I were lucky then you would be here. ;)
Ba. Haha. Oh well, next time. Good job tonight, even tho u had certain style restrictions,meaning club wanting one thing.
own more trampolines.
More shocking #NFL news to #Packer fans is that someone willigly signed Pat Lee?!!? Yes.....IR Pat Lee!
Fascinating panel on overfishing held earlier today with , Ray Hillborn, and Boris Worm. Watch and follow here:
The rest of the Short Love Quotes:
": Yeah make It happen when you wanna do business" What U mean "business" fam tho?
How Social Media Can Help You Snag Top Talent For Your Company
I know it's been a long wait; but we hope to make an announcement with countdown soon- and expect a big party at opening.
They're ok. It's like any other fast joint. Expresso Amono in the ville has a really good one.
Lol Kobe got blocked
RT Integrating social media in future. Real time feedback is how we will experience our world.
Stiemsma and Garnett are a nice duo in Boston's frontcourt.
One of the best mornings ever, thankyou
Oh my goodness, I have also never seen snoring be so cute. RT You have never seen a mouse be this adorable (VIDEO)
- 80 gal. Gotta' love it. And <3 that L.A. has finally arrived in the #CraftBeer revolution. Cheers to THAT. And, congrats!
Get tech into other products would be the thing to do. The #Kodak brand still means something for photo quality.
Nope. Now I'm curious - what are you trying to find out?
Np at all we celebrate
Ugh I can't wait to be out of this gay evolution class, more trouble then it's worth
marrying a trapstar, life will be a breeze
Aint shit going on at work today
I believe the transformation of this team directly correlates with the cutting of Lambs hair. Just sayin....
Google us "Nilima Rugs"
I miss you too, loves
go take it to tmobile they will fix it
I know(: it's not gonna be there for long...(:
RT : I like Commons as presented by Acquia at
no, sadly. I looked everywhere and you're just so fabulous no one could find sh*t. How are you???
Molina again?
what was that about?
david so mean lol
I like seeing the chin.
": I hate the nerds that cover up their answers. Like come on, let's work together bro."
that might've been about you ;)
Ross Todd on common core: we help in "mastering the fusion of others' and own ideas"
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through
Amazing how many people think they know boxing on twitter. And no, I'm not one of them.
The funny part about this show is that the untrained designers are winning!
Hello cumguzzling idiots ! (;
Do you think the current Mayor will respond to our questionnaire??
It's too easy to read the history of the twentieth century as episodic. We need histories that emphasize the continuities.
Just started a facebook page. Chiropractic by Dr. Black. Not much there right now, but....there will be soon. :)
We are looking to extend our network to individuals who would like cooperate in building independent music!
I'm always disappointed when a liar's pants doesn't actually catch on fire! ;)
Band practice tonight. Any suggestions re our name??
yeah lol at all the souvenir type stores at downtown I see those all the time. But never exactly that 1, I guess u gotta hunt it
I'm bored...my nephew is sitting here with me xD
And so, my fellow Americans: ask not what your country can do for you - ask what you can do for your country.
Its been a while, but were still on it. Bunch of new shit to come out soon
Now these three remain: faith, hope, & love. But the greatest of these is LOVE. 1 Corin. 13:13
Aaron Rodgers and Ryan Braun's restaurant 8*twelve will be on Bluemound Rd. in Brookfield right down from the mall.
No show tonight guys! Sick all week last week and still recovering. Last weeks show will be up in a few!
Lol well i don't like him , so i guess Haha
Watching The Who in concert at Albert Hall in London (DVD). Back in 2000. Interesting, although I liked the Queen's concerts better.
Surprised at SuccessFactors acquisition by #SAP. The "make companies fun" mantra by SuccessFactors doesn't jibe with SAP culture.
Vietnam Veterans... you are appreciated. You continue to honor our country and your COURAGE LEADS!
alot of girls cant stand me but they dont understand me ..
tonight, tomorrow night @ 7 and tomorrow and Sunday @ 2 pm.
Cats: Meow meow meow Meow meow meow Meow meow meow. Me: YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED TO DOMINATE THE WORLD YET. STFU.
Gluten Free Dominos Pizza >
At county hospital. Never seen so many people in crutches..... I lost count after 204!
contact us for savings today...
thats AWESOME did you get it early? <3
I'm keeping up w/ the gospel project, especially today
Lol, ditto on everything.
Is there someplace on the interweb where I can download or stream/watch the Independent Spirit Awards from a few weeks ago?
lol good one
So much fun last night. Thank you and aotearoa for the best Friday
We need more music.
Shaggy, you Scooby & Velma go downstairs & check the basement; Daphne & I'll go upstairs & check the bedrooms" Well played Fred, well played
Surrounded by millions of people, but always alone.
..count down to your BIG day eh? :) Congratulations!
I love it when a hot guy in your school gives you a hug but not any other girl. Lmfao that's funny as fuck. ahahahahaha.
I wasn't aware. Would you have a link to this story?
cults have catered events?
what did you mean by that question??
Cracks me up that people buzz about social media as a new discipline. To us, it's just a new channel to communicate strategic PR messages.
#Nuggets Andre Miller is the old guy at the gym nobody wants to guard
Do Drugs and Extreme Sports go "hand in hand"? CBS19's Rachel Ryan with more on a new NIKE ad controversy. Watch CBS19
7 days till the Patent Pending show with at The Polish Club in Poughkeepsie! Who's comin out?!
I like it Paul... likes it!
hai austin you look hawt in diz picture. grow your hair out.
You a bitch and so is yo bf,yall gone have bitch made ass kids....
#mymomwouldbeatmyassif I ate her little yogurts she only buys for herself!
Phew. You will live to cook another day!
Don't leave me in the house alone or Butler Bag will be in my trunk while you walk Scooby! LOL
The toilet paper at work keeps getting worse. So thin you can see through it. Where do they buy it? Never seen anything this cheap in stores
its a really good show... It doesn't really build on itself until like halfway through though
Neat! How are we getting those library copyright spinners?
so worth it ;)
What are u thinking about? Ur thinking too small for what ur life is to be. Let the small stuff go & go
Star Wars marathon on Spike..started on Episode 1 going through 6! Currently on IV, A New Hope
Santa baby, eat the rest of my cookies, please. Gotta live long so I don't push up daisies. Hurry 'cause I'm eyeing Christmas candies!
Does it not give you the radio-feed option? If it does, I would strongly recommend it. No one should have to listen to Caray.
Dan Yergin has mentioned his book twice while testifying at Senate Energy. He wrote a book, you know.
Entertaining ourselves by watching the hardcore runners battle the walk of shamers for sidewalk this am.
Why's that?
Speed matters - e.g. Google Instant which delivers rapid, meaningful search results as you type
One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation.
I love peanut butter.
This must really sting.
Scored lots of goodies 2day!
girl. They did it the way only we can. I wasn't ready for that.
are you repainting? what color?
so 74 degrees in miami, Florida :)........ and 36 degrees in silver spring, maryland...... hm. lol :) so glad im not home right now.
your entry is basically proof that you talked about our website and posted a link to it.Take a screenshot of it and send it :)
Ewwww I don't like you... ur thinner than a sheet of looseleaf and its beyond gross
Wanted: app that shocks me when remiss on my social media duties. On 2nd thought, no - battery life bad enuf already.
Omgomgomgomgomg. Jason's coming home tonight! Ah. I'm so excited. c:
Awww good for Ronnell he has fans how cute :)
I don't understand how this is a black/white issue. Isn't Zimmerman hispanic? Either way, you can't assault people.
aww I miss you too <3
Part of me wants to be your roommate.
Four weeks left for this quarter; I'm ready for a break.
Nothing is better than when your bestie says "You look SO cute today!". Best feeling ever.
Tough final shot, tough loss, but one of the better Badgers games I've ever seen
Happy Birthday! 28 years of delicious brews!!
Won Game 3 in OT
just bought a mothers day card to send out to Atlanta just to let my Queen know she's always on my mind. she's all i have. love my mom. :-)
The number 69 appeared a lot in math today. lol.
Can you require approval to be put into a circle? A temporally suboptimal solution since you're famous...but it's somethin'
too lazy to delete all of Sophie's old tweets, so can't really start fresh. Just gunna start OFFICIALLY tweeting Monday.
I'm honored to know you twittermaster
I dare you to lol
Ohh when does that start?
wish I could have dialed you in to our Singapore summit meetings since you were up :-)
Also notable: My surprise 20yrs after sitcom "E/R" to discover its origin in Chicago theater.
Happy New Year! Next on the schedule WORLD'S!!!!!!!!
It's almost Valentine's Day! A lot of people meet their sweethearts at RISD, so help keep the magic alive by giving to the #RISDAnnualFund!
ave been for a while. Your driving me nuts. Just stop.
now we're talking. Chocolate too I hope.
Apple sold 35 million iPhones last quarter. Now that so many people have one, do you think the iPhone is still a status symbol?
Looking forward to seeing you there at #SLA2011!
New show announced 2/3 fri @ boomerangs w/ chiva knievel! FREE! come witness the rebirth!
just liked all of your pictures on instagram. you're welcome. :D
Shout out to !
#Bad_Etiquette: Clicking over to answer your call-waiting and holding a full conversation while the person YOU CALLED is still on hold.
Great work, guys!
follow back??
Spinning tonight at the crazy Black Friday "Little Black Dress Party" at On The Rox in Kankakee.
We sell laptop batteries at highly reduced values. Consumers need a trustworthy, competitive US based alternate to OEM's.
Even better!
haha I loved that video u posted. Made my day!
Got that white owl white grape
hey you're sending us spam. Please change your password.
is awesome! You should give a try.
"Mama may have, Papa may have But God bless the child that's got his own That's got his own " Billie Holiday
#SHOUTOUTTO which side of manchester the blue or red half?
Why'd I stop watching Adult Swim Sunday nights? I missed out on so much or maybe not. The Dr. Brule show is out of hand
Thanks so much!
yes, and I know my dentist, good guy and all, but cant trust him. =)
No comment
#WhaleWars Congratulations and Ty! I hope whaling is really over.
google and their army of Androids..
Hunt: can't exclude ppl with the guns from the table, but can get a bigger table to include women, youth.
The champ came out to that "Riot" "Please don't get us excited" -
Presley is a fucking beast!!!!
You say you still like me but you tell everybody you don't and that you like someone else.... k..../:
"To save mankind from a talking comet, yes!"
It's a bad one. But Mariners have fairly respectable record against Verlander. Still, likely going to be ugly.
Need a GREAT literary agent? These folks are accessible, online, real.
Lost phones will cost consumers $30 billion in 2012.
Diaspora spam? I'm impressed!
what the hell is going' on over there in good ol' CO?!
Thursday nights just got better! Sexy Thursday @ Silk ultra club! its the place to be ladies are free all night! $3 u call it! $100 bottles!
Leaving Vegas, a bit sleep deprived and a bit hurt.
got my first 9 on the Spivak essay!
Relationships Can Never Be Between TWO People !
This shit is getting on my damn nerves if he wouldn't have touch me then he would not his face messed up
no sadly.
I understand
awesome! people will finally know where i get all my awesome clothes without me having to tell them over and over again.
should not be ashamed as MILLIONS of others feel the same way ;)
Yes... I'll have another.
Nameless Sound & MECA: Creative Music Ensembles for Young People - Summer 2010 classes begin Wednesday, June 16, 2010
good morning...how are you this morning? :)
can't sleep cuz it's damn hot inside here!! :/
14ppl retweeted me on mi last post aww i feel loved!
Taking a shot of that "café" before prom <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Oh North Carolina, way to play up the bigot stereotype of the South. Such a shame.
I want to open my laptop and play GC but, i so lazy to do that.
Just madee a twitter, mahhhdddd cool. (:
sick naw I gotta dj friday
We had fun!
I can only imagine.
On mother's day too
happy happy bday!!!!!! I'm super geeked, love ya lots to the man who inspired me to take my poetry to hiphop and bk again! I'm a fan!!
Audrey: this tea tastes like dirty socks *later* Lauren: (pointing to tea) hey, can i have some dirty sex? Me:LOL Audrey: O_o?
Check out my new column, Last I Checked, at www.channel3000.com
Finally, #Flyers talk on ! Stoked for what looks like a #Flyers & Penguins Playoff series.
EVERY GIRL HAS HER OWN SPECIAL RECIPE THAT MAKES HER MISS EXTRAORDINARY!XOXO MISS MIMI PINK
At visioning mtg for Boston's new urban agriculture initiative. Standing rm only!
I am going to enjoy watching the 2nd story blow off the half finished house across the street. Wind Advisory in Wisconsin. 35 mph winds.
It's funny how my dads ex girl works here and me and him just smile everythime she passes by lmao
i know how that is ! I'm here for you if you needa talk (:
Probably not. I've heard of parents reading it to 7-year-olds, but under 4 is a stretch. If you like I can send you a copy to try.
She doesn't let me out of her sight-- I went in the bathroom to put on makeup and she curled up behind me. I live in a studio apartment.
omg stop messing with Kim she will do what she wants when she gets good and ready damn it
I do not. Maybe in a former life. :) <3 #books and libraries.
will have update re from sf bay, advs. how to reach you
SAT sold out THX 4 the support BAY!!!...NICE look and all the artist SLAPPED..GOD is GOOD!!!
They say money's not everything, & they're right, it's really not/ but those words are usually said by those who have none or a lot--K-Rino
thanks Cam
I'm ready for some playoff basketball. Cavs win. Hawks win. Heat win. Jazz win.
oh goodmorning to you too lol but ugh I just cant with this gaahdamn state first chance I get im out of here(IL) lbs
P.S. WHEN YOU FIND OUT PEOPLE ARE FOR THEMSELVES YOU LEAVE THEM BY THEMSELF.
#ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously head..dome..neck...brain..skully...if she can't do it right...it will neva work son!
Loved the video! You rocked it!
Woo! made it to 100 tweets! Hooray for being an amateur! :P
When people constantly bring you up <
LET'S FUCKING GO CMPUNK! BEST IN THE WORLD!
At Last: A Tribute to Etta James THIS SUMMER @ Women's Voices!
Stay tuned followers: our latest teen and #parent video competition will launch online tomorrow!
Just used my first Viggle rewards. $20 to Sephora for watching tv? Done! (seriously, you should get it)
Thanks for the FB Chris. Cheers!
Shalom Mr. Kedem, this is Kitty Hawk on EA.
I didnt even know there was a Honey 2
: ESPN Mike & Mike interview the winner of the BassMaster fishing contest EVERY YEAR. He isn't even an athlete. But he's a guy.
And of did a great job... Very well received.
Happy Leap Day! More significantly, happy IL primary fundraising deadline! Please consider making a contribution to
Washington County DA confirmed, homeowner in Slinger acted legally and in self-defense in killing Bo Morrison, 20, for being inside a porch.
I love getting called in on my day off.
If I graded on camera whoring with my friends .. I'd pass no doubt!
Thank you everyone for tonight I know my sis had a blast.because she cried most of the night lol I LOVE YOU
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
I have lost all confidence in Eric Wedge's ability to put the #Mariners in the best position to win on a nightly basis. So frustrating.
could you do a MLB team too?
Welcome to the Nevada Museums Association twitter feed!
TGIF and Aloha! Happy Friday to one and all from the SharingHawaii.com Team! #Aloha #Hawaii Follow Friday Happy Halloween
I think he is being humbly confident, which he has to be. We should win them all but I care far more about Feb 5 than 16-0!
those are the people who make me rock back and forth in a corner.
Veterans Across America needs volunteer mentors to help veterans find jobs Email me @
Without snacks, I feel, nothing.
Looking for an exciting opportunity in a hyper growth SaaS Company? We need you. Check out our opportunities- and consider joining ZirMed…
I Thought You Lived In Houston?!
been taking a little hiatus due to Bean-cats care this week. kidney levels back to normal. so glad the little girl is still with us.
Moving #erodingsubmodel Tweets to #nfais upon request of our organizers!
Final night of my sketch show SummerCaliNarcissisticSexPealaDoucheUs! Tonight, 10 PM Jacket Theater, 6470 Santa Monica Blvd. SO FUN!
I know, but the finale made me feel at peace about it.
Wat it do world
Great hanging out. Till next time
im kind of in one of those moods where everyone and everything either pisses me off or makes me really upset
Pretty sure everyone is raging right about now.
no problem dude!
Madonna showed us she still reigns queen of pop tonight at the half time show! Kudos to Madonna, she's still got it!
: They must be thinking "content farm" - hard to tell, maybe, th edifference between your kind of curation and... that
Still deliberating on the Oatmeal Stout, but we're leaning toward the "I'm on a boatmeal Stout"
Busy AM already! Prepping for workshop and my PR speech to the future Strawberry Queens! Less than 2 months away!
Today ended up being a pretty good day!
Great Texas Cleanup this Saturday ! Come by and chat with us.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. I can't put it down.
We are now on Twitter! Follow us for more great updates and news.
lol. You are too adorable for words.
That's reasonable. To which experts do you turn for financial advice?
"Weird is a relative, not an absolute term." -- Baron Frank N. Furter
Supermoon viewing foiled by cloud cover. Said I'd finish homework before playing w/ new computer. But date night at 112 Eatery was lovely.
And may the odds be ever in your favor.
Oh man. I need to mentally and emotionally prepare myself. I'll be in NY in June, would love to catch up!!
Happy birthday
Solid nap
We need a way out with a goal of financial sense and sensibility. That is the responsibility of the most lucky and wealthy if they care.
Cleveland casino might not open May 14 as scheduled due to delay in licensing casino workers.
I know some ppl insecure about themselves they don't know how to be real
I am your biggest fan, and I love you, but you're changing, and a lot of girls don't like it, including me.. reconsider selena
i totally lied, i'm continually crying like a bitch :(
Thank you!
we need a new place for it too..let me know what you end up with!
": every time i see the word 'paypal' in tech news, it's about something negative the company has done." Lets change that...
good things happen to good ppl <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
not with louisville. It will get worked out. A Kentucky vs Indiana challenge would be cool. Purdue IU, Butler v UK UofL and Murray
Makin way thru music from #sxsw last week, but made time for some Commodore #Jazz Vol2, Mosaic, that I just landed, 23 LPs, :-) Classic!
ARGH. Why do the Brewers only seem to play in the afternoons when I have a meeting?
Losing is always tough. But the teams with true toughness, never let a loss get them down. They use that lost as motivation.
why are you downloading viddy for him tho?
that gif from our vid is dope! :D
Win a FREE membership! RT : Take a picture in The Wizard of Oz exhibit & enter Fan Photo contest by posting it on our FB wall!
To all the Detroit Press Reporters: why does nobody have the nuggets to ask Leyland why he plays Raburn every day?
R.I.P Whitney Houston. May her soul found some peace in the after life.
I guess u got cho hair done ? I should come over n wake YO ass up
I'M GONNA SHOOT THE NEXT MOTHER FUCKER THAT NUDGES ME ON DRAW SOMETHING.
follow back please? (:
NY-ers! Do you speak+read Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Korean, Lithuanian, Polish, Dutch, or ASL? Are you free on Sat? I need your help. Plz RT
Everybody wants to go to heaven; but nobody wants to die.
2012 will kill us all... duh
Latinos disagree with Filner's party or policies?
Support our Holiday Toy Drive by sending toys by mail or drop them off @ 59 Lincoln Park, Newark, NJ. We will also arrange for pick-up
Join us for a Meet & Greet at 2 ProHealth Plaza in Lake Success and enter to win a FREE LifeCaller Medical Alert System!
#IDoNotUnderstand how #teachers make their job look so easy when they do so much at once!
“: Lol we just love each other, so excuse us if we get on your nerves with our love tweets! ”
I'm sick of your face. Lol I'm gonna cut that ting off
did u do that math? oloolllllll
just been informed that I didn't get the job. 0 for 4.
Charles Barkley: Both teams really want it. Best playoff game he's seen this season
S/O 2 Me Im Ego Trippin
yah i have no life
Ur girls plus my girls might just equal an army and I'm pretty sure they would be down ;p :)) amen
Thanks for the follow! Wishing you
Finally having my MIS! #andypoll: What are you looking forward to this summer? Answer & RT, plz!
one remaining massage appointment left for Tuesday, April 10th! 4:30 time slot
"You know why the Yankees win so many games?"--"The other team can't get their eyes off the pin stripes"-Catch Me if You Can
You're not Mcdonald's, but I'm loving it.
I am annoyed that out of the six books I needed at the library, three were listed as available but weren't on the shelves.
Headed to the #ImagineCareerWk kick-off b-fast, big day!
I Feel So Far Away Right Now
Oh blake is there too, they sang together tonight.
yes, it works! I used to do it before work hours got crazy. I'll do again in June. I can bring you DVDs if u want to try :)
didn't go to school today.
U guys r the best! RT : we were pumped they mentioned you in the LAist article. NY Smiths all the way!
Swimming in the Atlantic is not hot, did it
haha psshh I invented pouty face! And WHO DID YOU GO ON A DATE WITH. DM me ;) lmfaoo
The more successful you become, the higher the houses in the hills get and the higer the fences get
Thanks, ! Hope your internship is going great.
What's YOUR dream...to meet I aM mE crew
After the #WinterClassic, I can't understand why the Super Bowl wouldn't feature #TheRoots. Oh, right. They're actually good.
wow nice to see u joined Twitter
Hip librarian Mad Libs is probably the best thing I have seen today!
BILLY IS DUMB AS YOU KNOW WHAT!
Be the girl you want your daughter to be. Be the girl you want your son to date. Be classy, anything but trashy.
Its going to be a long day......ugh
I'm really exhausted <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
ROFL@ #saynotoribs! RT : Thinking about making a green smoothie. Gonna B hard. Waited too late. #saynotoribs Maybe both 2 balance?
Absolutely! Didn't realize that was you.
stretching (pun intended) here, but what about: Ruckus? Raucous? Luckless? Bloodless? Cutlass? Bulbous?
I don't know what that has to do with #mnleg GOP leaders not allowing a vote on the stadium. It has the votes.
"Let's discuss juices!" Meagan
haha you a wild dude
Srsly. I'm not even a big music person or a lifelong DC person but I loved Chuck Brown and go-go
M...belated birthday cake at 10am.
Good advice I guess, but what about drinking while sitting?
that sounds more difficult than necessary, but I respect the effort.
"My parents were GORGEOUS! We're they actually? Probably not." - Beth Seplow, my Persuasion Professor
Oh you gone muscle me now, asparagus ?!
Thx! Far is relative. We had team in from AZ last week :-) Too far from where? New locations r in r future^KD
Ah! Hall & Oates... I love #TheVoiceFinale!
Ankle is killing me
Dammn im sleepy as hell
Great things are happening. Finally.
Haha! It tastes better at least. : )
1/2 Price on all the Bottles on the Wine List today and tonight!
OMG Thank You So Much !! <3
An important point, too. Caps are 5-0-0 so far this season when Wideman gets on the board.
RT : Rule 15 has been suspended so that the Senate can work past 10 pm.
Glad to hear you're a Twitter & Facebook expert, I need a lesson in how to use this stuff :-)
Blown away with my visit. Thanks & staff for being wonderful hosts. Everyone needs to get their hands on TAP!
$500 on downer in Milwaukee. Great price!
Best one yet?
pumped up kicks just came up on pandora... the office is so quite w/o your loud mouth! ha you best be having a blast with kate
you should've yelled at me! I'm usually completely oblivious. Your guys' food good? I wasn't impressed with ours. Ha
lmao....and when I saw that azz pass, I had to get 'cha...damn I miss those days..lol
anyone want to write a story? take a photo? make a statement? Email:
nu10 admiring Samuel Larsen's face
OMG I see hair in my blanket Ctfupp The Little Curls >>>>>>>
haha no problem :D
Today's #saturdaylibrarian is also a #sicklibrarian. C'mon, peppermint tea, do your thing.
YOU will be rocking out, not WE.
....Lauren, Lauren, Lauren..........SMH. YOU HAD YOURSELF A RICK PERRY MOMENT.....
If you send a letter to a famous person, do the future archivist a favor and don't fill the envelope with glitter. kthx
okay if this doesnt get you to follow me idk what will...i waited until 2 am last time you were in LA to see you but failed
sounds like it is true...he was a great help to our side and a veteran Congressman
you are very welcome love
"Red Tail" was the most accurate movie on the Tuskegee, Airmen to date! BRAVO!!
oh no. Maybe my sister's a widow now. Oh SNAP
you got iit please support us by going to our site www.platinumposts.com
AP! check your email! - RH shirt news!
Goodell & Ingram handshake was sick!
Aerodynamically the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that so it goes on flying anyway. - Mary Kay Ash
#WhenIWas13 All I did was listen to Fall Out Boy and play soccer.
Leveraging data from the social graph and other data to predict who likely rights holders are for a particular work. hm.
I am a Golden Globe, Emmy winning and Oscar award winning actress! I think therefore I achieve! I am a winner!
that's fine :)
do RT : We are filming first #Foodiechats movie in Chicago for 1-Year Celebration May 7th with Who...
The more you move around physically, the more calories you burn which increases your ability to lose fat more easily.
Today's the day and the weather is perfect.
have you on lock!!!!
Wanted Sales Person: Atlanta Natural Hair Care, Inc. has sales positions available. Email resumes to
Happy Friday: 76 and sunny! May Mart kicks off today, 10AM at the S&T Bank Arena on East Pike... lots of live music tonight, stay tuned...
“: I think we need to formally adopt a name for the group of loyal UFC lapdogs who are at every show" CURSE THEIR SUCCESS!
Just munched a '' road goodie worth 5 points!
workout was great! now for my protien shake
put decaf in the coffee maker for 3 weeks. Once everyone has gotten over their caffeine addictions, switch to espresso.
John Barnes! LOL
Call me stanley steamer I be givin her the pipe
Give us feedback on your user experience. Tweet to or email
Lol girl, I am not jealous of you whatsoever
go punters!!!
Garrison at #packers: achieved revenue and efficiency goals thru segmentation - created Email Lifecycle to guide program. Impressive.
That was a tick tack foul…..
yeah now you love me
It's a beautiful day #Denver, how many people have you seen #tebowing today?
Why can't twitter "retrieve tweets at this time".
Will the offseason bring any changes to Green Bay?
I loved hearing Gaffigan give the same interview to Nerdist and then Adam.
on my actually birthday I'm spending it with my family. But my party is in June! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
Had a great night at the #KCAI alumni reception in Seattle, thanks to the Warwick Society for coming to Seattle and thanks to Andrea Adams.
I just double checked and yup, I still absolutely despise Lord Bullingdon.
Watching Ghosts Adventures alone <
RT So thank you for welcoming me, Texas Democrats. Now let's get those rosaries off those ovaries.
Hilarious! You're a prince.
cool, thanks!
Searching for new identity. I guess I'm in transitional period, so not quite sure yet what to talk about here. Forgive my recent randomness.
I am watch !! This weekend if its hot. I gotta wear it on a nice day.
1. romney's wealth hurts his "relatability" 2.his tax rate illustrates an inequity in taxation which should concern BOTH parties
Maxine Waters is the Queen of Nimrods
Hello Minneapolis! Meet #femfessionals - an organization that supports, promotes and connects women in business!
Started for my phone to look up my rooms current temperature. I think I overestimated it for a moment there..
travel shampoo and conditioner in case you don't like hotel stuff, pantyhose, Advil, heels, flats, little black dress
Pay once ... earn for life!
Sending you hugs and lotsa luv today.I'm so sorry to hear about Gram..My heart is w/you all this weekend.
Yup, 68 is normal now so we'll hug that avg.
only a bestie will stay on ooVoo with you so you can watch ABDC
We can't wait for the Convention in Atlantic City this weekend. Stop by Booth 1920 for more info about us. Hope to see you all there!
Nathan think I misread your post. I thought you were saying you're in NYC now for a week's vacation
Oh Lindsey lohan, you've come a long way since
Bo Ryan and me are both at the Bucks game tonight, oddly he seems to be getting more autograph requests
Great choices! Henry and Mudge are fun! I also recommend Amelia Bedelia. Oldie but goodie!
The baby is yours.
So what and said?! Lol
Before you arrive at the #Big10Expo do some company research. Check out , one of our top sponsors this year!
it sure is!
im sorry I just cant control my ovaries. His body is so asdfghjkl. unff <33
when will advanced tickets go on sale???
just got a another dog and she is adorable
What does FF mean?
open source permits reuse; doesn't guarantee it; open source isn't magic; its just a license [...except when its not]
Listening to the new album! Too good.
doesn't matter who shot it. TEAM POST!!!
When nothing goes right, go left.
Thanks 4 the great conversation about headshots, networking, the acting community in NY, resurgent careers, etc. Smart lady!
If yo gonna keep making me feel like crapp, you should just stopp texting me..;(
you and me both sister!
are you #proskidrow?
Bobby Brown, you are an asshole. I hope you realize what you did to this lady.
#Nf follow back?
Our next event will be held on February 24th at 6:00 p.m. at the Capital Grille in Milwaukee. The event will be hosted by ESPN Milwaukee.
April is near! What are you looking forward to?
Fun Fact: Australia is the flattest continent
What is it about a harmonica that makes a rock song sound that much better?
Heat in 7 I'm rooting for indy
If I had a dollar for every time someone on Freemont stopped me with a "Hey bro can I ask you something..."
I think Steely McBeam played for the SF Giants on Ken Griffy Jr. Baseball for the SNES
just now
Dogs are the best people
In the olden days everyone was scared of lions and tigers and bears but now 2011 everyone is wearing them ...sick people
Zeus will be picking me up for lunch today. He is looking forward to meeting you
an app!
Cheering on the vikes & hawks! Hoping for at least one win!
Basically, i am all planned out for next year's repertoir!! Going the whole 9 yards!
Can't wait to go home and see baby Khlo! I guess too..........
keep pushin...success always starts with a single step forward.
I always wondered too. Gort after robot in TDTESS? The public workstations in UW HSL are named after comicbook & scifi chars.
glad you had a great Dose. Sorry I missed it. In Michigan. What markets you doing this summer?
Where are all of my stage & set designers?
you said it not me
Taylor has me beyond hype for prom lol
Fuerbringer/Lucena and Gibb/Rosenthal are both in world top 10. U.S. is only nation with three top-10 men's teams (Dalhausser/Rogers are 1).
TY for including my blog in the Silk Skies Daily News!
Get ready for the Facebook Fan Page transition to timeline format! You will have to change up some of your strategy. Tweet us for help.
well the announcement is Wed. All signs so far are pointing to this month. Maybe the 23rd or 30th. You gonna get one?
Hi Bennett! Definitely interested in adding something like this in the future. It's on the list. :-)
Shhhhh. Maybe it'll pass over.
Alls sweet in La La, how about u? x
Happy numb nuts?
What is your favorite site for sending large files??? Looking for some recommendations.
whats the vowel at the end of "Astonishing"? :)
Woo! Got past 750 followers. Thanks to for getting me there! :)
Frock Candy sometimes has long dresses appropriate for proms or balls under $100.
alas, I am addicted to draw something
my khaligee patient gave me coffee n dates for breakfeast today #ArabicHospitality. orange coffee served in a shot glass. never had b4
Women don't want to hear what you think. Women want to hear what they think -- in a deeper voice. ~ Bill Cosby
There's no one to talk too, one thing I hate bout staying home from school
If you're looking for a bathroom, it's all around you
It's so hawt in this house.
Always on the come up/move 3 phone numbers this year 3 addresses so far you would think I'm on the run!
Omfg tomorrow is 's birthday ! <3
It's too bad that only allows Google Plus access to those with an Enterprise account $1499/month.
Since I showed up to my cousins practice she's been making gross faces. We're most def related. <U+2764>
Awesome! Thanks for featuring us, the girls had a great time!
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I<U+0092>m not sure about the former.- Albert Einstein
i did alredy follow her but is tis getting 500 followers part real cause som ppl just lie im not callin u a liar jus askin
Longest part of my commute, the elevator ride.
(cont) Mel Gibson in a straight jacket, and don't forget the koolaid man at the door...
Everything meh do dem follow... LOL
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!
Why is my sister So annoying?
Songs for the split will be done soon. Who's excited?
You're Welcome! RT : Thanks for hosting the #FS4Moms Spa Treatment contest! Winner announced Tuesday!
Good Morning All, Have a great Monday!
Haha that's great. I knew that pic was up somewhere, but I've never seen it. That was definitely an interesting "internship"
" Come and take a walk with me.. " One of the dopest songs ever written.
RT : What we are is God's gift to us. What we become is our gift to God. -Eleanor Powell
best of luck with that! Lol that race is alway a mad house
BTW, I thought I'd add a wooooooooooooooohooooooooooooooooooo!
The first to apologize is the bravest. The first to forgive is the strongest. And the first to forget is the happiest.
Damn i finally slept in for a change lol...goodmorning!
TAKE THE MONEY OUT OF POLITICS - SAVE OUR CHILDREN'S FUTURE. DEMAND CAMPAIGN FINANCE REFORM - Lets do away with this corrupt practice.
Every decision make me feel like I lived life 3 times...
Catch me on www.facebook.com/danny djdbx
Don't bother apologizing if you're just going to continue doing the things you said sorry for.
he and Lou holz are probaly best friends
never argue with stupid people, they will drag you down to their level, and then beat you with experience
Finally placed again in a poker game!! Took 2nd place, the key is not to get dealt pocket kings.
Memphis was up by 27 and hitting everything. Then the Clippers just went crazy and came back. Is this a great comeback or an epic fail?
That's terrible I kno sue me
Oh yeah, I got tickets for the August 2013 show...they were expensive, but I get to meet them :D
Have, bitching about what they DON'T do. Weird, huh? Dudes!: help your ladies out, and watch what they do to you!
Aggies depth should win this in extra. If not... Game over
Humanity needs to know the are forgiven, or they would drive themselves crazy with shame!
Mixed report on foster care in Pennsylvania - abc27
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo use your 5GB data limit surfing
Have a beautifully blessed day!!
I wanna be on the 8th grade Washington & New York trip.
RT : Congratulations to all the #2012 Graduates Around ABQ
Slightly confused as to the meaning of that hashtag, but such is my life.
yeah girl :)
Joel Przybilla (sprained right knee) is probable for tonight's game vs. Utah. Jamal Crawford is out with right knee tendonitis.
I'm creeping death!
Do you have Valentine??? Have you heard Taylor Swift new song Safe and Sound?
how does Danny Crawford not call something right in front of him but then Mark Davis calls it across the court? Terrible
thanks for the heads up! we'll get on it!
follow back?
we need sexy girls.... win 50k in the upcoming reality show www.theeroticchallenge.com
OMG!! I'm working a part-time job at Publix for the summer... Can't wait ! God is good thank you Mom! (=
Aurgh, sorry to have missed this! Relying on my computer for Internet access is feeling more than a bit clunky today...
If only your bluetooth was red.
my baby was sad today /: that makes me sadd... D; i'm always here for you ! <3 #mahomie4life (; love youu, cheer up !
I just found out Jesus wore $500 jeans. Man, that guy is so lucky!
it was so big! :o
Ur Man in Havana: man mysteriously transports from ancient Sumerian city-state to pre-Castro espionage & intrigue
Awee! I miss you too babe. I'll be in Avon Friday bcus I'm gonna be with my family for Easter. Let's make plans!
Yay!!! I'll try to swing through!!
When hiring a development person, go for the scientist rather than the closer. -Cookie Ruiz #TexansForArts #
Success. One paper done. Like Done Done.
ok cool
really enjoying listening to 's vision for innovation for the future Digital #Accessibility Expo
I love how even our own President continues to look to place blame like the Wall Street protestors
Yahara hills. Just shot my best ever. A 91!!!!
RT : Josh Hamilton has more RBI in the last 9 innings than Albert Pujols has this season.
So you must love it now, when we're fighting against Hilary Rosen's hatred and the injustice toward women...
#iWishYouKnew how I felt about you
welcome! Leukemia hits close to home.... Family member passed due to it! Bone morrow wasn't option!
In related news, I will be maintaining that policy in my home.
Life conquered death.
stay. because I need you.
My mind runs I can never catch it even if I got a head start
Now that it's all over, what did you really do yesterday that's worth mentioning?
<U+266A> <U+266B> When you're alone / And life is making you lonely / You can always go / To the darkest caverns of your soul / To drown in the void <U+266A> <U+266B>
ok i gotchu bro
im doing the talent show but my lazy manager decided to go to beech bend instead of watching her client
P.S for those who saw my governor pic earlier at the fishing opener party...no he was not flipping the bird. He was scratching his eye.
Game. Set. Match.
this weekend was the best!!! and today was my first time acting on a film set with the best, most talented and sweet team! LOVE you all!!!
“: i agree! it was cool when he worked with ben burnley =)” Great memories
get it girl! that applies to both that stack o cash and that bag o bacon.
Heavy metal all the way.
Thanks for stopping by on
Wish I could find the smithsonian commons app in the app store....help?
Rain rain... we heart rain in AZ. ..
closed group. Sorry. But I work for a national museum in DC n we r also passing screenshots around. What not to do. :)
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ If I love you what business is it of yours
Seladore hits the stage again tonight at Bombshell's Tavern in Edgewater. We go on around 8:30 I believe! Come rock out!
is thrilled to have 's Mark Keefe as a special guest!
Grrr walked all the way up the hill to the health sciences library just to find out the book I need isn't actually there
I can host it for you. :P
So my great grandpa just died. Umm what is it with april 27
Now tweeting: ! They are offering a Souper Bowl special today of Pho, Appetizers, Beer and the game!
Folo up on my story on new powers for local PACs. AFSCME Local 127 has formed 2 new PACS -- 1 to oppose and 1 to oppose Prop. B.
Me too, but my America is a dog. Does that count? RT : I love America.
FOR REAL I NEED THAT FEELING! I HAVE TROPICAL BLOOD!
FLAW AF!!! | ": <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088> taking the meanest shit in my nigga bathroom right now"
Pod good. It would be cool if you had some exit music at the end.
Aw, thanks ! Hope all is well at Purdue.
Politicians & policymakers are rarely proactive unless it has to do with saving their jobs.
then where!?
Follow Your 2012 will appreciate their tweets
Anyone in NYC want to run a slow 6.5 miles with me today?
hey can you please give me a shout out I just made this please help me?
haha! Drinks/beach/something seasonally inappropriate soon?
His little sister hella maddogs me though haha , she's cute ^_^
Today's writing challenge is to find the spot of maximum tension and hold it for as long as possible.
and he still can't beat me....
The reason it rains is that Chuck Norris scared the clouds, and they wet themselves.
i heard about the little tweet battle you two had during afro. imma get yall back.
The stock market is up because the Greece Parliment passed the austerity package. So what, the cities are being burned by the people.
Oh good choice!
- Yep, great matches!
Stop the press! oh how I missed you. Remember when you left me that voice mail at work singing to me that crazy song. I miss that.
#idol Josh and Jessica final please!
Thanks KB! Enjoy your day!
and don't worry it's not just another guy hitting on you! :)
your welcome <3
Im on boss...just sent u a request
Rookie mistake... RT Red bull, pizza, and mountain dew lead to a wired Dan and an upset stomach
I just finished a 3.11 mi run with a pace of 11'10"/mi and a time of 34:43 with Nike+ GPS.
I looked flawless af :*
We absolutely love the DEN folks around here! cc:
I think I'm done drinking for the night...
I love everything about you.
Are you on twitter to pull pranks on Jared or to tweet about kittens for C19? Either way, I'm on board. Hello!
its mindless which can be welcome lol!
hey thank you for the follow! make sure to check us out on facebook and "like" us! you rule forever.
Thank you, sir!
It is reaaalllly hard to work so close MSG when #cuse is playing in the big east tourney and I have no tix!!
Feeling unsatisfied right about now.
Fill in the blank: _______ always makes me smile.
Tried to work you into the story, but just couldn't get creative enough w/it Was great to see your statue out front though!
it was an AMAZiNG film. Can't believe it was made in 2010. Hope it goes international ASAP. Everyone needs to see it!
I swear I had an orgasm when I saw iron mans car ;D
Congratulations to the ! Good luck in the ALCS!
The CEO of Coca Cola gets eaten by a polar bear.
Ted Nugent: Threat to Obama, or harmless loudmouth?
I just introduced my 2-year-old to live improvised music at As we were leaving he said "that was fun". Still not asleep.
The Cabin in the Woods turned out to be the best spoof horror film I've seen in years.Not quite to the level of Garth Marenghi's Dark Place
How was my day? All i have 2 say is thank God 4 hot water & bubbles!!!
If a tweet falls on Twitter & nobody hears it, does it make a sound? RT Yes,but I don't know what sound it will make
SO YOU WANT SUM TRIDENT LAYERS BUBBLE GUM???
I feel like my resume should include "talented and generous baker" so that employers know that they receive benefits with my employment.
Don't be jealous of ANY relationship...because ALL relationships have their own different kind of problems, &plus you'll never know.
I learned a new word today: debris ball.
omg yes. I'm so pumped. Btw check your DMs
Just applied at like 10 stores in the mall, hopefully I get a job.
What did everyone think about the halftime show with Madonna, LMFAO, Cee-Lo, and Nikki Minaj??
opportunity to differentiate, hm?
RT what's #TedxABQ? It's the independent version of #TED. Technology Entertainment Design. Great speakers! Look online
Happy Mother's Day to all of our Moms of the world! You help keep us truckin'!
Awesome niners. Good job. #dammit e
RT : #lovelansing: Great homes will be open this weekend from 1-5pm on Sat & Sun. Come see this home & 19 more like it:...
All hands on deck for Barrett, Mitchell & Lori Compas. Getting Fitzgerald out is even bigger than Walker. Let's do this!
One of my most favorite actors, Seann William Scott, turns 35 today. Stifler!!
Huge Sale on books! Best sellers Inmate 1577, The Hunted, False Accusations: $1.99 Fatal Twist: $.99
i am
no me be the goodest sister
if a cow could laugh would milk skeet from his nose...
Happy Birthday Chris Paul ..
Zing Boom Tarrarell
Problem - need DJ for Mem-day BBQ, but iPod is all-rap. Solution: go to Pandora, type in "Creedence" - instant, appropriate mix!
Is Growl really trying to extort $2 out of me with all of these Update Growl notifications? Is there a free alternative yet?
Kobe went 14/32 tonight..dude needs to stop shooting too much..Lakers lost because of that ball hog overrated dude.
Not bad choices, but that would get old quickly.
OH at Target "if you get hedge clippers, I'm not going to be able to defend myself"
damn hope Rose good.....
Go #TeamBrandyShanice! Everyone support Brandy! Amazing vocalist and dancer! I Love You and I got your back! <U+2665>
#Happymothersday to all the moms out there. Dinner with the family
baking emergency brownies. feeling more prepared now.
RT : It is going to be an AWESOME day! Say it outloud!! Again!!! Repeat until you believe it, because it is true.
Letting go doesn<U+FFFD>t mean giving up ... it means accepting that some things weren<U+FFFD>t meant to be
not really but it's a testament to certain movies that I can watch them in. Starship Troopers, Drop Dead ...
Lol Right back atcha, Sir RT : Now Following the great
Lol! #quoteofthenight thanks god u don't have big boobs...I'd have to shave your stomached! LMAO!
me 2. Philly will be tough this year
#Dodgers supersub Hairston put on disabled list
We're glad to hear it! :)
I'm just rolling over...DAMN
when stands behind me while I'm in goal & tells me what to do >>>>>
Everyone says things they don't mean. Sometimes it's not easy to think before you talk..
Yes, I have. Thanks for the compliment!
you've studied for 7 hours?!
Thx for the RT! Create a fantastic Friday! #RecoveryWarriors!
thank you! We did have a great time!!
Did you hear that we are expanding our restaurant? Help us fill our new tables and tell your friends to come in for the best BBQ in SD!
You have a radio show? Is it syndicated nationally or can I stream it online?
Great holiday gift giving savings everyday on RueLaLa!
Hi Jake, we'd like to hear your reflections on 9/11. "What were you doing on 9/11?" Book proceeds go to charity.
Woooot! How many people can say Brandy Shanice is there Valentine's? Brandy is mine motha fuckaaass!
Fuck wit me bitches
AZ is the best place to shake off that rust.
I need you to play our edit of "united" tonight! Wtf!!! You aré fucking going insane!
I have to ask...why is Mike walking around NOLA with Krazy glue?"
RT : RT :A2.Without direction your hunt is like octopus on roller skates, movement with no clear direction
I want to do something fun tonight. Someone make it happen :)
Ditto RT : #ASTD2012 Still reeling from 's fascinating talk this morning.
you guys should still be dominating the Nuggets in this series though.
Where did you find that Marley juice?? :-)
Hooray! I have a dentist appointment, but hopefully I can find you when I am done at 1!
What a rare treat getting to hear Bishop W.J. Campbell live on the Word Network..tune in he's just opening his message!!
This rain is in the way
": I miss high school <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>"lmao you can always go back
I'd guessing because most people seemed to hate Voodoo Donut. It was either love or hate kinda beer.
Hate Flights, Back in Portland.
any one using the DynaVox Maestro with 6 cells?
Ordering shirts at the end of next week!! Better email with your size and if you want a tank or shirt!!
Eric Fehrenstrom, TODAY talking about CHASE, says only Investers lost money, had no feelings for the investors who may have lost all.
Stuck in class....entertainment please
ok, you should have received an email with details. please DM phone+zip or service address, i'll see what info i can get for you
Can't wait to see everybody tomorrow! Should be wild midday sun! Asiaheritagefoundation.org
I'm Bored xD Save Me From My Boredom :P
so what? it's still rubbish, overdone and annoying
She's the cutest, lady! Hope you're recovering well. :)
Avoid employment litigation by communicating better. Claims arise from a disconnect in what was intended, said, and actually heard.
- whats really upsetting is this promotes the stigma of mental illness. Most with mental illness are victims, not attackers
Thanks for the follow. We are following back
darn right.
That looks SO good! Love that place.
Thanks. I like it. Does that encapsulate both born digital lit/poetry and post-print fiction like House of Leaves? It does, yes?
We're going to church today.
Gonna shoot some photos for the new threads so were can finally start selling them! W.ocdusaink.com
That awkward moment when 50 Cent and Justin Bieber are hanging.. but 50 Cent made it clear few years ago he doesn't like Justin. :D
no!! Of course this would happen! But I think I might stay for their game Sunday! If you're back in time for that please come!
Pumpin' Iron In Weight Training Though.
Sometimes networking involves wine and dimner at Delancy.
u gonna follow me back or not
s/o to the #StormFamily we lost a beautiful life this morning. An amazing friend, brother and son. #RIPAdrianGarcia #21 From
Keep your schedules open from March until April, there will be some really great events in support of my campaign for Leukemia and Lymphoma…
Well, I would love one by next Saturday. Is that possible?
Listening to Call Me Maybe:)
Someone please take me to see ! I'll love you forever.
there wont be a reason to kill me
You know you truly care about someone when you have to try to convince yourself that you don't.
is sitting on the side of the road drinking bloodies...it must be independence day. happy 4th everyone.
Lady power: Charlotte Ronson's equestrian inspired pieces with a tough girl edge a new level of sophistication for the street chic designer.
Nice! Got some airplay on KXLU over the weekend. Headed to the top!
RT I'm in the mood for some drinks >drinks on u tonight lol
Tonight - WU at the Zoo. Current & future students, alum, parents, friends... stop by to see us if you are in the Cincinnati area.
Have fun at your inlaws. I'm in for the same kind of fun today. Praying before dinner is so....yuck!!
Find a life cuz you clearly not living yours
i'm not sure hes gonna make it by the cobra tomorrow!
Defense is horrible today! This is embarrassing. We r a better team than this team playing today!
nah he don't have a way to get his bike to your house. I just left your house.
Cain can yet distance himself from the flap by stating categorically he does not even like women, and also never heard of Bill Clinton.
My Phone is Dead! )x
RT & Follow for chance to Win Two Medium 2-Topping pizzas from Pizza Shuttle (1/winner day) Must claim pizzas by 5-13-12
1,000 Stickers gone in 2 days not to bad!
IF YOU DONT BELIEVE IT... IT WONT HAPPEN... HAVE A FAITH
disrespectful ass lol. I'm fucking you up
any chance you would save me the effort and send me the raw NodeXL data dump? :-D I'd love to play with it.
I am starting a personal revolt against fees. I will start with car dealers and will not buy from any dealer that charges a dealer fee.
Love it!
Veery slow going getting home from Roanoke. We've seen three cars nose down in a ditch so far. :/
How Does Your Strategy Measure Up?
Managers are people who do things right, while leaders are people who do the right thing.
Good thing we stuck around for that scene.
Oh. He is cute! Your birthday gift/trip to Syd looked awesome!
Ok WE ARE BACK UP!!
I could go for a sensual full body massage right about now
Mother's education level is key indicator of children's college completion
No problem. Hope it smooths itself out.
Treating myself to some Jack in the Box today lol
was I really? Haha
AW NO ! I cut my finger!
#levilowrey is an All- American Dad!
That's Scottish Highland dancing....Irish dancers never use their arms!
Please, Apple, come out with a better Twitter photo-sharing service.
When a girl is upset and wants you to listen, LISTEN. She doesn't need you to fix it or tell her how to. She just wants you to listen.
He said that last year too.
Adam Dunn can't catch, can't bat! Bench DUNN this game woulda been over by now... with a SOX WIN!
Can't wait to be strung on giant coins and coin showers tonight.
Church is nearly full for funeral of Delois Brown & her parents. Congregation will hear recording of her singing in the church choir.
AW YEAH! How exciting! I bet you'll be our first! Hurrah!
What are you doing when you got off work? Fiesta con los amigos! Pitchers of Modelo just $12.
Impressive, ! I need you at my next half-marathon! :)
Would you rather be sucked into the world one game of your choice or dream about being in the world of any random game?
Right now someone somewhere is talking about you, talking about what you do or what interests you or your business...try socialinboxcorp
Chicks now a days are so lame.... . Not all just the wack ones
I need a substitute Tweeter. Lol!
I'm so glad to know there are awesome parents out there raising good kids. Said as a member of society AND and educator.
I'm feel good man now since I am off work. How are u?
Best relationship.. When you can act like lovers and bestfriends at the same time
A great and very strange holiday special, Mr. Bourdain. Congratulations!
either that or they post all 70 of them. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I'm greek
Working on my post. Make sure you follow them for all things fashionable.
No matter how good or bad you think life is, wake up each day and be thankful for life. Someone somewhere else is fighting to survive
You call me werido because you are a fucking werido
Are you ready for New Orleans? We're making lots of food and drink plans for you and Hercules!
and then youll put up an eharmony video. and cry about cats. and actually get guys to like you guy since your awesome!
I think would have to be my favorite at this point. But im very interested in and how he will fit
Out of the band of Eastern mountains barely visible through the mist, a star everyone had counted out, rises ready for her closeup
Everyone on the peir just kept saying "oh my god oh my god". People were laughing and snapping pictures. It felt like family. Amazing.
Must see WCAR this summer no matter what!
jealous of DC - I'll resend link
I don't think blaming all White people on smearing #Trayvon will solve anything.
I lost by 2 rebounds...
anyone verbally using such terms has neural function issues IMHO
Another day of homerun derby for us girls:) 10 on the day!
Prev quote by William S. Burroughs
i tried so hard to be the one that you would think about on your train ride back home.
two things in Texas.....dont mess with Texas and dont mess with nia peeples
Santo was probably the '69(-'73) Cubs personified as Wood personified the 2003-2008 Cubs, for good and bad.
no need to to be sorry.
*gives you shotgun* it may help too “: Insult Taylor Swift in front of me, I'll give you delicious berries named Nightlock.”
Eggnog flavored Polar seltzer? I kinda love it.
#Imweakfor this girl who i'm crazy in love with. she my babygirl and my princessa ;)
see :) can't be sad with me in your life
Poker supplies 75% off! www.eproducts4less.biz
I'm eating a peanut butter bacon burger...
May you start winning soon, and recovering just as quickly. If you were here, I'd wonder if it was allergies-high mold count tdy
Every right decision I’ve ever made has come from my gut, & every wrong decision I've ever made was a result of me not listening. -Oprah
Wait, now they're saying the fire WAS here. #DodgerStadium. All is well, though.
the new Blake Griffin Kia commercials>>
Thanks for the reply you have a good sense of humor!
ya cari's got a shitty personality
I want the scuba (sp)
Lol Thanks. That's all I'm saying son...be kind. Rewind.
There’s no easier way to put your personality into your home than with paint. What is your favorite color you have painted in a room?
Great weather and a new ankle brace. Where can I go for #pickupsoccer in #chicago?
U think is a lot like ? I think so....
Branding some extraordinary online deals for our client's franchises -because deals make customers, business, and the economy happy.
#Objectivity is dead.
": California on friday ! (:"
Ugh i should've took that ticket when i had the chance
I fell ya ma.
“ I like how didn't tell me she was goin to prom !”
Reading your twitter feed always makes me want a vacation! Where are we going?
I Love How We Ended Right Has A Love The Way You Lie Sound To It!!!
I got pissed this one time when I found out he changed the price from $1 to $1.25! So I just took the ice cream without paying.
Ron Artest is weird
Risk-takers CHANGE the world...
why are my days off always out numbered by the days I have to work.
ok. We can coordinate time and location offline next week.
get your booty over to the house
Time shared is the most precious and valuable we have together. We cannot keep it, but only slow it down. Like sand running thru our fingers
i am begging for the laughter to stop
lol why does it suck for me huh? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>
XO, baby! One year down, 55 to go!!
then why the gross hashtag? should be
are you judging me Paris? lol
just found you on youtube. Good stuff man. Keep it up, and stay safe.
why do viewers want to kill Shane? He's the best solider in the group. Second n command to Rick.Has guts to do what it takes.
me too! Wednesdays are my 10th floor days... HH next week? Week after?
You are welcome! You provide great tweets, tips and info for the disability community - thank you.
Happy Valentine's Day to my twitter friends..if you're lonely on this day, huff paint till you pass out
yes. The church that goes too.
I'm reading it as well. My first Stephen King. Hope you'll provide further bulletins as events warrant.
I like your words and retweets of wisdom. :)
It's Black Friday... please be careful out there.
we got you sir hit us up
Have you tried any of the Sprecher beers?
me to i wanna go to Justin's concert as well
Us too. Mother Nature better not get PMS before Saturday
this is not what it appears to be my porn bot followers
The #Lakers getting crushed brings joy to my heart.
Omge two of my followers ( & ) need to get tf alone cough cough !!
aquamarine with my daddy-o:) haha I love him:) “I'm gonna pop a tail”:) #cookiestoo:)
Congratulations to you and your team on being named agency of the year.
So hungry Gsssshhhh
I'm super excited about this next DS. I hope it's clear!
Hi, Thanks fo the follow! I am an entrepreneur, making legal-themed chess sets. I'm an English prof by day! Nice to meet u!!!
same here brother “: I'm thinking I'm just gonna take it easy today. Kick back and relax #springbreak12 #CrittCo”
“: Omg when you search up "Flawless Homosexuals" on Google Images, pictures of One Direction come up lmfao aw.” not surprised
Your team was too crazy. Next year we play for big $!
nope HOW R U?? My bday is Friday =)
Pondering: the real fed retiremt issue is that there r not enough Xers (=mid mgrs) (not millenials) in fed wkfc to replace boomer gap
you too!!
Rachel lol I been on Twitter for a while didn't know you were on here
Watching 's movie with my 12-yr old. He's fascinated!
there's a business in this area that has as their motto 'We Show Up.' not exactly inspiring, but around here a great start.
I thought we are best friends, but i choose the wrong person.
#ktrusuccess RT : KTRU was my college -where i formed friendships, learned about music, started record label.
Thanks brotha. Chicken soup and movies for me
write about it for the filmstage? What did you have in mind? Little crazy this weekend...
Wow, such a powerful voice.
ADAPT X Camp starts tonight at 7:30pm...it's not too late to register.
last chance prostitutes of seattle.... secret service is getting ready to leave
time to get this blog party started grubes
WOW. I did not keep my cool like. Best part was how they said "Channel 6" was welcome---that was exact spot we were attacked!
your listening to them with out me... On a Sunday!!!
#jetsetter -- if you're going to do it anywhere, I'd pick the Caribbean!
I'm rooting for the NY Rangers tonight but only because I don't want to ride the train with a bunch of drunken violent people.
...both n'sync like a Justin song, feels so right but it's just so wrong.
haha! It seems that way!
Adele's, "21" it's not an album...it's otherworldly and a religious experience! Congrats on the well deserved Grammy nominations!
it must be the Malcolm name because I would totally do this!!
Good morning :) Nice to see you on here!
ROLLING, ROLLING, ROLLING, ROLLING ON A RIVER
they announced 2 bps coming to Denver area last week.
Mary Tyler More, More MORE! :)
I'm too much of a bitch though.
Coming up with good ideas is so much more difficult than the actual writing
Heading to the Dancing with the Stars after party with and for his birthday. #LAsFinest baby!
and services like blur the line even further. though they depend on a different idea of identity.
Brian Williams is in town?! This is the best week ever!
: it's too early to be flying....haha!!
yeah. I'm going into work today but will leave if it's crazy. Not going in on Monday.
Keep up the good fight! “: Thank you for the follow! Appreciate your support. #C4CT”
RT : Theorizing The Wire. Tool for service learning! Awesome.
What are your natural abilities or talents? Everyone is gifted in one way or another.. You may not realize it, but you have it.
but it's triple hopped!
We will begin accepting credit cards in the coming weeks! Stay tuned!
Your career brand is innovation
will open at 5 am tomorrow!!!
I promise Hahaha;)
i think so! i can't say no to tortoise shell.
Candying bacon. Because it is there...and as a garnish for the corn & hot pepper soup.
Wearing a bandana i feel like
Where would you place the Hit Squads "Head Banger"
Come pick up your very own copy of the summer issue and uptown !
Man, those are big names next to little ole me!
a quiet office is a good office :) no migraine today!
Come back to or just San Francisco in general :) You're super nice.
the office reaks of man urine. no thanks to
Hurray! Thanks! We're looking forward to a great dinner and trying
Film in Reference Universe: “Performing Arts and the Gothic: Alfred Hitchcock” in Gothic Literature: A Critical Companion from
Happy Sunday! Life is slowly getting back to normal.
Beer Who is coming with me?
Oak Mountain Elementary School PTO sets child safety workshop
This time 2 years ago I was finishing my pro vball season in Switzerland, now I'm designing a website. Never saw that one coming.
Love sleeping during thunderstorms. Ah April showers...
Destiny is 4 losers that make an excuse for sitting around and waiting for something to happen instead of making things happen
www.madisonavenue.com - take survey to re-design Madison Ave, Midtown Memphis.
skill that I got! :]
Man, I wish this press conference didn't bore me. I know I'm supposed to be super-engaged, but I'd rather read the summary later thx
Can you get your CEO to respond to a soc med crisis w/in 4 hrs? Does CEO travel w/flipcam, for ex?
“Dear 12 year old on Facebook, how are you in a complicated relationship? Did they steal your cookies?!
women's key. i actually got a thank you!
#LSUvOKST because Saban said himself if you don't win your conference you don't deserve a shot at the crystal.
I have a choice. I can go outside without a jacket and get rained or wear a jacket, be protected by the rain but be too hot
lolololololol roflmao....I'm so embarrassed<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Also, the acronym YMAEWK is for You Me and Everyone We Know, and if you don't know what that is, then that's fine too. We're very welcoming.
Just sat down at the CODiEs gala—ready to applaud all the excellent nominees!
Damn you Michaels how do you not sell fabric?
I miss Dance in the dark :'(
The Zagat Survey of Washington, D.C., lists Firehook Bakery among its Top 10 Best Buys reflecting the best dining values in the survey.
You left Ryan out :P
Listening to Love On Top<U+E03E>
RT : I just found a company that has the cheapest $795 and it only took 14 days #CreditSweep on #Market 480-719-5360
5 minute voicemail? That is ENTIRELY too long.
The Eddie Izzard bit on this is to die for
Ew. Retweeting a bible verse is the fastest way to get unfollowed.
Not sure if I shud listen to 's geniusness or not...
so, how were the beer-shaped jelly sweets?
Sorry dads getting lil mad
Please retweet if you would like to see perform on !!!
Awesome show ladies!! & #TxSUAlums doing GREAT things.
Alright all is there a way I can delete some of my followers?
watchin menace to society
The most successful brand positioning statements are simple to understand and repeated year after year after year.
don't you mean "alleged criminals?" ; P
thanks so much<U+E32D> what u up to??(:
let's where our gym shirts tomorrow for the beat down
Has anyone had sex in space yet? Why not?!?
winning SBs is what its all about.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet president clinton....seems cool
Love your Hunger Games bracelet in your "Not over you" video <3 :D
Thanks for following. I really dig your sound and style. It is some truly great songwriting. Best wishes to you always.
It's painful to say goodbye to someone you don't want to let go, but more painful to ask someone to stay when you know they want to leave.
..high jacking their PC with a virus that has a worm connecting them so you can pilfer her info, is not very conducive, especially if
I love how I'm being forced to spend money... I better have enough to buy these outfits haha
Much deserved.
I believe you are spamming and have been hacked
Best night ever:))
literally just received an SMS from Legal saying we cannot use the Cloud ofr TRojan Hears Network so must tweet waivers every hour
I would love to do a photo shoot of you sometime
Girl come on...uh we need to make my tawats into an adult swim show like robot chicken but with no playdoh
hahahah u see why i need an asst too hah
D.o.d dollars ova Dick
Congrats to UCSD Zor for winning Tufaan 2011 and receiving a bid to BA 2011.
I actually like the "Occupy Nationals Park" shirts the Phillies fans are rockin'. Pretty clever on their end, which I didn't expect.
What happened? “ Sorry to hear about what happened to Tyler Perry studios...”
I saw Napoleon last Saturday. Breathtaking & so avant-garde!! Also, saw you from across the theater. Hope to catch up at AMIA!
Normal?! Hardly. Hahaha!
I so would if I looked like a Michelle
Taking my digital final exam! Wish me luck!
i thought that was just to get hard?
From John Care: "You will never "find" time for anything. If you want time, you must make it.” Charles Bruxton , English philanthropist.
download "Gutter Rainbows"...the whole LP. its worth it. work your way backwards from there.
Go go gadget Frozen Yogurt!
If I was a guy I'm guessing my dick would be a solid 9 inches. /via
Good seeing you at health club last week! I also had good workout tonite.
Elite Showcase Basketball Classic and Virginia Elite is in the building tonight!
WHERE ARE OUR PATRIOTS? Why won't you join? www.pledge4patriots.com WE SUPPORT THE CAUSE
Ok. I cried. AH!!!! Brilliant. Just Brilliant. Dear God, please let there be a season 7..... PLEASE!!!!!!!
Keys a car park illegally in a handicap spot.
weird juxtaposition isn't it?
SHUT UP
LMAO, I'm so amused.
Thank the lord. I was just going to bother you about that. You are too pretty to have an egg as your photo!
is it off now?
you didn't reply to my DM yesterday. ):
lmao it won't be! But we can't let Tahj pick b/c he'll have us watching stupid guy movies
go follow
Tomorrow night. #m83 at I love you,
Glad Sixers got that win tonight!
yep. It wasn't just tacos, but all my restaurant purchases last month. A little scary.
Come on Allen
I love how owners like to compliment one another. Its like we're part of an awesome travelers club.
Or Robert Ludlum. RT : I don't know who Robert Mudlum is. Just saying,
Movie and wine with my sister! ... and her boyfriend :)
' Those look really cool!
Ain't that crazy it seem like right after she leave i be missin her SMH
anyways hater ! stop tlkin to me tht ..
Nothing makes great writers like great readers. If you have young people writing for school, read it, enthuse, ask if you can pass it on!
CNBC report "invest in the night" .... #PG Management
Wedding reception time!
I have to be a bitch because sometimes being a lady does not get the job done.
Wow, President Obama won the Nobel Prize!
welcome. it's totally homosexual here.
Dinner with the boys and for mayer for malibu
Final countdown to our upstairs patio opening catch the #Corona after party at 7pm and start your summer off right!
I'd take Varitek throwing the ball to the wrong base rather than throwing it to no base.
I am in snap city! 3 days in a row of #TEAMNUKEM with
Rt if you're going to opening day!!!!
Jax Teller. Everytime I see MamaJax it makes me think of his character's wife on the show. I know...weird.
": Follow my friend who lives in a Eskimo. at " ahh he ment igloo...i hope!!!
haha dont hold that I''m a Bills fan against me!!
Definitly down by contact!!
Sounds awesome + worthy of attention. We need nationally recognized expert for consulting project so seeking slightly different.
you get the point:))
I'm so sorry. There'd definitely would be some legal action coming her way... :-(
Yes u can win all of those awards your nominated for and u should for all your hard work in all ares and peoplehate
nice but a little lonely. No husband, children...just me & the neighbors cat who ventures in my yard every now & then...haha
: Know what? Lol
I love that y'all call it Sally time. Thank you.
I miss the bad things, The way you hate me, I miss the screaming, The way that you blame me! Miss the phone calls
NBA Development League Exceeds One Million Fans In Attendance At Games For.
I got that for an OMF that was for a 45 min show. My handles were set to 5 sec.
just had a vagina monologue at the gym
what's good peanut shaped head ass Lil college student. Lmao
#np Payphone - Maroon 5 "All those fairy tales are full of ...." I'm in love with the song
you got it boy!!
Happy Monday Morning! Have a great day!
We'll be at the East Austin Art Tour tonight as well being open at 24th and San Antonio. BBQ for everyone!
second favourite hockey team is the blackhawks....right??? ;)
“: BABY FACEBOOK: By age 2, 92% of children have an Internet presence & 6% have social-networking accounts, says study.” / Wow
I am super psyched for our lunch date next week! And yes, I used the word "psyched"!
HA. Go Pack Go! RT : Just signed the birth certificate while Jana was sleeping. Everyone, meet Rambo Lambeau Liakos.
I'm jealous, and still stuck on "Preparing Image . . . "
Lazy day today. (:
What is up with white people in Chicago exactly?
in #Chicago I'd take it in a second!
Its pretty fucking good!"
thank you :) <3 love
Great job Gladys!
let's go #blackhawks!
Thanks for following! We have a similar niche. We should schedule an intro call, perhaps we can refer one another deals!
Follow my friend , graphic artist published in some cool tattoo mags. She rocks at girl tats.
SP Tool Tip: Idera Site Monitor, Space Trends to monitor which sites are taking max resources Database Accelerator - Point out Bad Indexes;
God doesn't give the things we want, but the things we need. God doesn't give the people we want, but the people we need. Have faith!
<<<<<<<<< you gone Need king Kong if you step to me. You gone learn today now let's play
Dnt be sendin no bullshit like that to ma twitter account
Congrats to for being superawesomecool silent auction winners last night!!
about to work on this shirt design for
Mind boggling. The stitches on the shoes got me too. Very curious. My head is spinning!
thanks very much. Hope all is well in the beautiful rock up north. Cheers from a warm Scottsdale.
Uh, not a good start for Colby Lewis.
gotcha thanks i will check it looking forward to it:)
Minus Pandora, I realize I find most music-related webapps and social media irresistible.
its ur b-day?!!! I didn't know!!! Happy, happy Birthday hun!!! I hope u had a blessed one!!!
pay attention
Kool & the Gang are great and all (I swear I'm hearing every 90s rap sample ever) but all I want are some face-melting Eddie Van Halen riffs
thank you!
Scott Pilgrim. <3
“: Wow. Do you really need the names? Alomar, Baerga, Belle, Hargrove and Lofton. #Indians royalty
No I won't ask you.
Blake!! You're missing disk 2 of season 9! I swear I didn't lose it! I just opened it!
THANKS !! We're trying to help people keep it local in Houston and let them know where we are and how we can help them!
glad to hear it! we could make some sweet custom stuff for the rock school, just sayin. :)
Tonight! Pre-funk with Travis Baron at the Cap Club, Made Like a Tree at clubhouse, Innerflight party at Church of Bass, Analog at Rebar.
Heading out to NYC tomorrow to hang out with all you Flash Peeps before Flash on Tap! See ther rest of you in Boston on Thursday :D
Just saw some guy in my neighborhood on a motorized skateboard with a seat. I think it was
They're honestly the best seris I've ever read. It was so amazing, I literally read from 11am to 1am. All day, everyday.
The Bluest Rye
Check out our Facebook page for some fun pictures of Halloweens past, and be sure to come see our staff in costume this Saturday!
Wow. How could Peyton Manning and the Colts part ways? Why don't the Colts have Peyton teach Andrew Luck until Peyton's done.
Waiting for a beautiful baby boy to be born. :D I'm so excited.
i'm "working" as a volunteer receptionist at my son's high school. as eg would say, "Have to be cute, smart and funny!"
“Leadership is not a noun. It’s a verb. It’s active. It’s movement.”
big mama's in NO East is good.
- congraduations! :) I'll be in Portland in a few weeks. Liked it last time I was there.
Time 2 announce the winner for Kontempo's giveaway! The lucky winner is call us at Kontempo 402.714.3888 2 claim your prize!!
Kiss me till your drunk <3
i was actually talking about the smile)))
did you every think that was more like cheese crack then a cheese crisp?
stay off my twitter.
in louisiana :))
Happy Record Store Day! ya`ll go out & support your local INDEPENDENT music seller.Lots of good free stuff out there only available today.
Trying so hard to stay awake for the next 40 minutes until my flight boards... Remind me to never take another flight at 1:00AM!!
always. If I ever have a band, it will be called The Always Alreadys.
Signing off twitter to avoid UFC spoilers... g'nite!
no actually going to Patagonia
I am actually pretty good dancer too much partying in undergrad
Driving, she hit a median—in Silver City—and maybe she overcorrected—and her truck rolled in a ditch—and was leaking gas—and now she's hurt.
i think i should GO AHEAD and take tht chance
I'm in the shop on Mon, Tues, and Wed, afternoon. Call me for an appointment at 888-3-WALK-EZ.
well, is a funny, insightful writer who doesn't appreciate our relationship.
Thank you 4 ur support Carly! We are keeping the dream alive!!! tks tks tks
Lol, only fun part about that was seeing my friends<U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> guess I'll have to deal with one more year.
I think my downstairs neighbor has a table saw. Or an broken foot massager. Or an insane vibrator. One of these. Or maybe all of these.
Shiet idk man. I have a lot of stuff to do out here but if im out there ill def hit you up
Watching way too much Netflix. I like catching up on shows.
Thank YOU AV!!!! You did some AMAZING work! Video will be up on 's YouTube tonight
Put that there in the summer, they have a lot of AAU video..haven't updated that in a while though, will add you in
I won a high school title, does that make me Dan Marino?
XD look up True Life
Anyone want a sneak peak of my One Direction cover tomorrow?
haha that fan pic is funny as hell..whats good for tonight..were tryin to link up with yall
Has anyone else noticed that GG & MJ have the same noses?
6 new communities comming soon located in Homestead Miami Doral Cooper City & Delrey Beach for info contact me at
All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height
anyone still following any of the #new52 from the #DCU ? I havent read any since about December... are there any favorable storylines?
Pussy weed n weed lol
how u get a blister
was it successful? I'm curious to what you did.
Happy #Halloween from Have a safe and #spooky good time!
A pivotal time in Greg's young life. Envious!
Yooo its cold here in chicago smh
check your facebook messages.
Good, maybe i can hold on to some of my money.... :)
probably the same.
Need a room and equipment management solution? Stop by and learn about Room Reserve. Demo starts at 2 PM in booth #1817!
He tweeted during the red flag stoppage not while driving. C'mon man!!
Can't believe I almost got fired when I was off the clock
Great voice, enjoyed your performance.
Overheard: "I was at last year's session when the DTTF was formed, and what they've done in just 1 year is miraculous!"
What if i just dyed my hair green? Like green green. I'm so over my hair....
Just noticed that earlier today!
That moment when you realize all of your #SciFiSeaCreature movie love came from your childhood obsession of
"Thanks Mom."
Im in so much pain.
Creed concert tickets for Milwaukee, San Antonio, Las Vegas, Woodlands, Cuyahoga Falls, Cincinnati go on sale this weekend.
aron live there huh bum
amen..gloria a Dios..
RT - #Jacksonville #Jaguars placed CB David Jones (undisclosed) on injured reserve, ending his season.
For the 90th time Go Habs Go!
Lol RT : I don't have a bucket list but my fucket list is a mile long.
I don't want to jinx it but......Giants are rolling!
#MTP Chuck Todd annoys the crap out of me.
The time change just rocked my world. I was actually awake at 5:00, and didn't notice til 9:00.
Spurs taking it tonight..sweep baby
Now jello shots in champagne.
next up for the band: on March 24, don't forget to get your tickets early for this great event
Making Superbowl Sunday Plans? Don't forget to stop by Di Pasquale's! OPEN Super Bowl Sunday February 5, 9am-2pm
Have fun if you do! :)
Chris doing a site tour with Tate at U of M today! Checking out the Stadium, Indoor Practice Field, Weight Room and meeting friends.
Better now than during the season, right?
DJ Wizz Kid rare Saturday appearance tonight at SUITE!!!!
So I wish I was a slave to an age-old trade. Lord have mercy on my rough and rowdy ways. #
Thx...how can it not be a great weekend. It started off with #Avengers then beer after. ;)
Thanks for the RT.
Gah! Internet is out cuz of snow storm!!!
I have enough funding to have you killed another 342 times. Maybe we should just have lunch instead...
u get the DVD we sent?
Thank you for the re-tweet hope you can make it :)
Night twitter :)
I'm game for a rematch, but after three losses in a row in WI are you?
Im hungry :/
hahahaha.... I have a secret obsession with taco bell too .... Don't tell no one lol
Bankruptcy filings in February up 10% from January according to ABI report
Lmao i hope i get it too! Cuz we could have hella fun together while makin money lol
I dnt care how 'cute' Jake is, he's still a freaking Witch Hunter and i hate him. Btw, What the heck was wrong with Cassie?
Check out our facebook page, Entrepreneur School For Kids, and Tell us what you think. :>)
talk her in to joining you and Prospect Park. You're a great combo.
That's so cool!
I just lost money betting against the 49ers but how do u not feel good them winning this game. Wow!!!
you should have ratigan every week
#Follow_Back Following back legitimate followers.
tnx to all my new followers!!!!
Find a job.
yes he does. which one did you just see?
An ep of #Portlandia is being filmed across the street from my parents' house. #IsntThereARuleYouHaveToTweetThatStuff?
You only keep those in your life you grew up with, what about those you met on the journey, the ones who befriended you before all of this.
Now I'm feeling kinda crazy,but not just any crazy,is the kind you feel when you drink out the bottle and you gotta drive doin 80
awww we miss you too! Sheesh its been waaaayyy too long! We're having withdrawls!
Wants to get two T-shirts one that says "im with stupid" and the other says "hi im stupid"
where u at boah
I would love to tan without tan lines but not go jogging or run errands.
HA OMG I THINK I REALLY MIGHT BE STUPID. I was scrolling through the tweets shooting down haters and I didn't
Michael. Buble in a leather suit...... .I remain naseous
So far I would have to say a pretty exiting
i guess i'm starting my round2 off early by going to a kegger in lakeview. woo
Bollywood singing time
hello stranger! Your dad is in my prayers and hope he gets well soon. Art Basel has been a good time like always!
Five years ago: Canada won hockey's world championship with a 4-2 victory over Finland.
Not sure if I'm ready to venture out to concerts yet. My sleep is not particularly regular yet with my 6-month old. Some day...
I feel that Wiley's, publishers of the new Air Farce book, really missed the boat by confining this colourful comedy group to black & white.
vermouth is gross.
what do you want for dinner?
The is blessed to have on board! Give a follow to OU alumna & our new manager of communications Amanda Fylan!
Thanks for the note - I'll have to try it :) Hope you had a nice visit to Cspace yesterday!
At the ortho with daughter. She only has 6 months left!
I haven't had this good of a night in a while :) thanks and
#Lasttweet clippernation all day im going to bed
Aw, Jose said "You high? </3" Cause he doesn't want me to get high anymore. Lololololol.
By night huh? I like it D$. We are almost at year since I met u & the gang at Sausages. I had you at my vintage Coors pitcher.
I loved CODE NAME VERITY so much - am very happy I heard about it on the first YA galley chat!
So you fancy tackling my Android jobs?! A degree in all things Star Wars related probably won't help you. How are you mate?
Ah, got it. Well I hope they get back to you. Silence = frustrating.
": I got an idea for a song w/ me & Retweet if u'd like to hear this & I'll hit em up & make it happen!"
this is first time ill ever say it but im exciting to go work today yay me lol
Budget report suggests a $5 increase on ALL parking tickets instead of a $10 increase of street sweeping tickets.
Ok, I'm outta roaming, hooray!
Its already too late too. My mother was yelling at me and I missed my chance... :(
It's funny how I used to loathe Justin Bieber, but now I'm totally swooning over him. 0.o
its 11:11 make a wish....my wish is for you to follow me:-) <3
Going out with my boy :]]]
Austin has grown on me c:
Finding out that some of the voice actors from Overblood 1 were in some pretty high profile Movies/shows. This is freaking me out.
Possibly thee worst shift ever.
I've thought about that... next semester i'm in a digital media entrepreneurship class and I want to play with the idea
"Romney: Obama is leading the country ‘sideways" #yahoonews Will it be as much fun as the movie?
Down here in Orlando. the game was Great!!!!Lebron u were awesome,Let's do the damn thing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
G.M.N.I.: I've been given too much time to think. That's never good.
Jason Rosenbaum: I'm your biggest fan.
You better be careful, mister.
RT Love is the only light that can truly read the secret signature of another person's individuality & soul.~John O'Donohue
oh =/ it would have been soo cool if we were going the same day
Attention #Tampa Bay - Play Friday Pop Quiz Challenge at 12pm NOON!
hahahaha i wish u was serious ,,, so i know its real
you had me at vodka! and now Bacon and bloody mary! OMG. :)
Obsess with the Nominated movie The Descendants such a beautiful story my fav movie of the last 3 years lol
I really don't want to go test drive cars... yet it's something I have to do and needs to be done on a weekday
BUT, if he were to come in in the best shape of his life, COMMIT to defense and team ball? Could be top 10.
will be thrilled to see the work! RT So thrilled to be working with the brilliant & !
how do you bring stu up to speed if they are behind on the tech scene? what if learning curve too great?
If man is free, god does not exist. Conversely, if god exists then man is not free.
So you can keep.the diamond ring? Def a post divorce song
How can anyone who spends $990 on 1 blouse even pretend to understand life for real women trying to figure out how to afford shoes for kids.
From e-books to artist books.
i love how it starts, "get this,"
godspeed, praying for your quick recovery Nile
: LOL to Cinco de Mayo but yes! We're long past due 4 a run! Let's try 4 next weekend
i get to see cody december 3 with btr!!!!! its happening in my town!!! :o
My 3 boys used to come home when I whistled a big whistle.Even now,all 4 heads turn if I whistle within their earshot. (hubby responds 2) :)
hi, just got back and start to Tweet. :)
yeah, this is what we call a correction for the bubble of government spending in those nations.
Congrats! RT : The Good Jobs is 2012 Innovative HR Tech Product of the Year!
robocop: the movie --> out in 2013!
i hate how my tummy starts growling when im alrdy tucked in bed and my teeth are brushed! -.-
Thanks to of for including in his startup report this week.
thanks for guessing, but not close ;) “: My guess it is a homemade lollipop?”
check out at Venom Seattle Saturday Aug. 6th!
I hate you romo
Can I make it up to you with lunch?
I'm going out on a limb, but those two things are not the same, really.
We just heard that you're nominated for 3 #EMMYS!?!? Congrats Jesse!
About to get my day started.
how is any team going to have 3 or 4 1st round picks to trade up for Luck?
innovation lab USC talking "second screens: so what?" w Jonathan Taplin
Happy national best friend's day!
LOL. Hi Victoria :-)
u wasn't alive when they had tim hardaway and chris mullin or a few years ago they beat dallas in the playoffs?
The Avatar is back baby! I've waited far too long and now the wait is over!
I need something to do. I must get out this house
Anyone here the NPr stories today?? How about that eye surgery you can get so you can have 3D vision...
hello Twitter
"What will you remember 10 years from now, that you decided to write that English paper …" (1 of 3 )
thanks for your response. Not too many people that I know appreciate RS
"Don't make excuses—make good!" ~ Elbert Hubbard
We're like little kids on Christmas Eve! Can't sleep, too excited for tomorrow!!!!
Awesome! I'll be there tomorrow and hope to meet you at HH meetup
millard south gold today. ill be on here most of the time.
Always a perfect day on South Beach love it :-)!!!!
goodluck. All I can say..
idk im just always on here and talkin about mb lol
- congrats man! You guys deserve it!
So wishing i had a movie with in it! I'm feeling some Chlo-movie time! Too bad my brother broke Let Me In :(
lol...practice makes perfect, keep tweeting :)
So I've been told I have a big personality is there any truth to this??
TY! #dh11 #altac #alt-ac Good point. Though is at McGill in Canada. How might it differ in UK, eg?
Working now! Thanks for checking in, you probably got a loo of those :) Happy Friday!
Boiling on the #1. Happy Tuesday - hope you get lucky!
You're welcome! Exciting to see the beginning of 24/7 customer support via social media
jus shot some your way
Thank you, OTBgames! Love your games!
innocence makes you feel young? yes, I think it returns us to our beginning self-before the defenses, and life learnings
Today is the birthday of Christian <U+2665>
Good news #Brewers fans, you will be off of work before this game is over.
Don't get sick! Or we'll have to go out for chicken soup instead of cocktails.
Brave looks cute... The Descendants looks like it has potential..
hey! That was nice. Thank you!
I just purchased " My So Called Life " on DVD and I'm not sorry.
so glad u guys are having us! It's gonna be awesome! One hell of an interview!
Wow standing ovation for ms Jill Scott who just went IN
If I am a tease, you have a lot to please
Wow, Denzel Washington isn't lacking in pompous snobbery is he?
Thank you to and all for great #GroveCabFranc #Tweetup. Look forward to another soon!
Thanks! I love those floors! =)
It was like a corner left..... Really?
Excellent..RT : have you heard? I'm in a show on 5/11 at so stop on by, doors open at 6:-)
I still don't understand why people follow parody accounts...
sounds like a plan
oh, thank you much! Hope you are enjoying a beautiful weekend, Cybele!
Ah you making money for the babysitting? As for me I'm sadly sick, but at least after having half a day's worth of rest-
by indonesia
Kerry's hair is also great might I add.
In the bed I go hard like Jordan I love it when I'm with u baby
The Auburn defense is punching out already in the 3rd Q. LSU 28 AU 3
You'll note that "correct" and "right" are synonyms, COINCIDENCE?
Oh Yeah!
Honestly, ANYTHING buy mustard. I absolutely can't do mustard.
Lol I'm about to do something I never thought I'd do. All in the name of. .
Nope. A few clouds
that's a sorry sorry person! R u ok?
When 1 door closes, another dr.opens; but we so often look so long & so regretfully upon the dr, that we do not see the 1s which r open 2 us
Agree. Why fix that? : This is awesome. "Fixed occasional issue where a guest would arrive to the player’s wedding dead"
It is a gorgeous night in Austin. So thankful for lazy Sundays with my boys
Your disrespectful to him man lol and we are talking about Jim Brown and his movie is just starting to come. Coincidence lmao
English tea. Sunny day. Life is good here in Portland.
i make sure i will. are yaw working upward bound this yr?
#DallasCowboys What Bill Parcels had partially built is finally imploding. The Parcels wave has finally come to shore!
Leaving for Jordan tomorrow!! It's finally here woo!
When I said, "yeah, sure", but what... literally what I said was "yeah, sure, sir."
1 More day and im gone!
Last call! Tonight it is Latino Night at Salute! $7 Shrimp brochette and $7 Italian Margaritas. 46 East Superior!
corinne is sitting in marketing telling me how big my boobs are getting.... hahahhahahah
Just saw a hummingbird in our yard for the first time, sniffing around the crape myrtle blossoms.
Woot! Wish you all we're here! HA! #TwitterMovie Fun! =D
I wish was my son so I could make him baked goods and convince him to play for me anytime I wanted.
Have you reserved your table/seat for the New Year's Eve Party in the Pier Bar?
Whenever I see dried vomit on the ground it takes me back to what once was and what could've been.
Resisted the urge to sign an email to a vendor rep "Cheers & beers."
even one you would recommend most? coming from someone w/ expertise this would be helpful
I was so disappointed in my cowboys what is going on. I miss players who played together as a team.
it wasn't my word choice but while she misspoke it was still an interesting quote
I need professional pictures taken soon does any one have any contacts or know of any studios
I've noticed. I'm trying to sell my home and haven't had too much luck yet. Hopefully soon.
Great day in the mud
really hope to see way more of Duffy.
ya lo sabe!!! No hay que confiarse.
lets get this trending #travishenningisaboss!
Correction. A donette. A small donut. Suitable for those not willing to go full donut. Like me.
thanks - good luck with next weeks event!
We're lucky to have you in PS ! RT Happy 13th anniversary with !
Eatting subway for dinner tonight Yumm #YEE (: Lol it makes me think of and his subway song lol
Going to watch my bro kick ass in baseball
Lol #epicsaxguy has a vitamin water commercial! Classic!
That whole "you got peanut butter in my chocolate or chocolate in my peanut butter" is pretty similar to my theory on how aids got started
Gorgeous day for a Relay.
MT : Kim Jong-il and I watched "When Harry Met Sally" - he fast-forwarded to the end so they could be together sooner. Romantic.
Are you ready for the weekend?? Well we are...have any big plans?
I don't like it when ppl snap at me.
After the Dem House gives the shaft to the Rep's, how can ANY dem even try to complain about the Senate redistricting!
A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom. Robert Frost
I'm eatinn now !
I jus wona say goodmorning to all ugly ass bitches lol straight up
luv your grandson and send us some Oregon tweets. See you at the market when you get back
that is absolutely amazing! Congrats on making it through the process.
#np laid to rest by lamb of god
People showing up at 130, time for second wind.
THANK YOU ...!! And oh shit all this time I was thinking I was mentioning the real one lol
Self... We gonna need our actions to line up with heart & spirit
Asshole! Ya no me hables then :P
sister my sister!
How is ice dancing considered an Olympic sport and lap dancing isn't?
THIS. “: Is Google Drive actually a new product, or just a rebranding of the Google Docs filesystem with a desktop client?”
awww but at least your getting paid mad money!!! #jealous. Soo.... No ones here.. Lmao!!
Jaden Smith's voice >>
#ILostMyVirginityTo a Destiny's Child song. My 17 year old brain was like "Yo, that's romantic as hell, son."
It's bad when you have to look around every few second -.-
so many great bands NOT inducted into the hall.
Got a nice donation of DVDs today . . . with the directive. "make sure there's no porn in there."
Rain has stopped the sun is out, drop in for some patio specials: $3 glass of select wines, cheese & crackers $7.99, big case discounts!
Reduced fixed cooldown of demonic fire to 2.5s.
Fuck it let's 1337 this shit up and call it "D1AbL0 ]|["
RT : I think we should move to demanding positions from AAP members on #SOPA #RWA soon
#nashville #help need southern style locations for a photo shoot tomorrow!!!!
I'm so glad about the Corgi at the end. I was starting to develop a low self-esteem.
We're dying to know who is getting your votes for this year's #Oscars! Do tell...
So bummed that I can't go to the premier tonight. Darn you, 8AM exams!
Thanks, *that* was exactly what I was missing. And, yes, I think that's a cool idea.
thanks for the follow! Love working with you :-)
We saw one the other day with 6 cop cars. It was insane! And the driver was just roaming around. Clearly not a threat.
Don't forget the Cricket!!
and we're thankful for your thankfulness!
Inventors: Margaret Knight invented machines that stopped factory workers being injured & a machine that makes flat-bottomed paper bags.
Cool! We'll be stopping by your booth!
Thank man! I appreciate you taking the time to listen.
just got off work bout to hop on some call of duty aye...
Doing well. Thanks.
Jam jammie dodgers are the best,ew at toffee and chocolate.
people are so emotionally draining
Are you in SEA and interested in being part of a focus group for ? Anytime this week, $50 for your time - Let me know!
Pulse Bare coming up at 10:30!
so ill let u think on that(:
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top. - Henry Ward Beecher
I just want a follow back from <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2764>
Any live feeds for the ireland match? Can't find it in the U.S ffs....:(
Starting the morning with a little Bill Withers ... it's gonna be a
hehe ;) well u guys wanted it! Did u like it ? (: RT it please <3
I'll take one of those air guitars for sure. Let me know when you do it. So I can make room in my collection.
Everyone, go follow ! She will follow back!.
Thankful for all the independent women who have shaped my personal and professional lives.
damn just now realizing the difference between the iPhone retina display and my late generation iPod
Tonight Come Laugh at 8PM with
RT : Video is a must for social media in 2009.
I really news my shot I seem to be getting more anger each day I don't have it
And give thanks for everything to God the Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Ephesians 5:20,
Oh great. Its gonna rain tomorrow. Some j4ck4ss down the street just washed his car :)
Offspring No. 1 just left for Coachella. Me: will you txt me? Email? Facebook? Him: You can follow me on Twitter.
Yes indeed.
muy bueno (very good in Spanish)
Results! Why man, I have gotten a lot of results. I know several thousand things that won't work. -Thomas Alva Edison
Just got my summer teaching schedule - teaching 5:15 - 9pm on Monday's - going to be a long Monday for this gal!
Really excited to go back to ohio for Christmas... I know it's a long way away but still...maybe I just miss my family
“Learn piano, son. You’ll always be invited to parties.” – Paul McCartney’s dad (via )
isn't it awful this season?
I will be at broadway bar tonight
It's All Saints Day! “Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future.”-- Oscar Wilde. Who's your favorite saint? Mine? St. Michael.
eek, I actually thought I went to the wrong link but didnt' have time to investigate.
Essays formulate in full in my head first. When the words overflow, start to give a headache, that's when I pick up a pen, get it all out.
new supes looks dope!
Thanks for RTs Mentions (hello Cleveland!)
looks like Delle Donne might be going, going, gone
#InOurGeneration People gettin Shot for no Reason
If your not down with FMG here is a special message for you. <U+256D>n<U+256E>(<U+FE36><U+FE3F><U+FE36>)<U+256D>n<U+256E>
my favorite girl on idol is haley reinhart. :D
#Lt yellow, blue and orange suits
Congrats to on 's Congressional Champion for Children award. One of Senate's strongest advocates for poor kids!
Greta Gerwig: Whit Stillman's new star: Greta Gerwig on taking the starring role in Damsels in Distress, Stillma..
something about the Heat are the biggest globs in the league. Hahahahaha
Get Only The URL Of The Previous And Next Posts In WordPress
wow u know u hate that
": I'm so sleepy...." I hate when I am tired,but I can't bring myself 2 sleep! Like Tonight.I will be up 4 hours 4 no reason
The panda is back
GO BIG BLUE!
If you're not watchin Southland, you are watching shitty TV.
I'm at buffalo wild wings
We out here
#InsideJob definitely needs to be added to the collection. It'll make explaining the fiasco a lot easier.
Kind of you to say, sir. Thank you in return :)
Oh wow... Do you ship to Seattle?
I've done what I can 4 2nite. Wish it were more. You're so excellent at this!
Who the fuck leaves their house knowing that someone else has your kids. Especially not letting you know #
I love it, too! Have you been to the harbor? You should get drinks at The Ritz Carlton at sunset!
yes we are very lucky with our designers! Got your logo, added to list!
LEARN FROM OTHERS MISTAKES IF ALREADY HAVENT MADE ENOUGH YOURSELF
Super excited for the premiere of our new TV show SoundDiego on NBC/KNSD tonight. It immediately starts right after SNL. Yay for HD!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA OMG CLARK HAS HIS OWN TWITTER ACCOUNT (':
Praying friday comes fast!
"experimenting with naming patterns" gist links is busted. Great read so far.
Toyota's 100 CARS FOR GOOD. Voye for UNITY June 8th & help US win a new Toyota Sienna for granting wishes & taking "JOURNEY" on pet therapy
Wondering what is thinking of the new NFL hats...
SMU university curriculum now requires a min of 2 IL courses. I wish we had that kind of buy-in from our upper admin.
yeah haha where'd u see me
abrupt transition from sleep to wide awake!
“: So nice to see and pamper with hope u don't get caught in the rain again x”
There 's an app called Shitter that creates toilet paper rolls printed with a twitter feed
It's cold here. :( It was so warm when I left less than a week ago!
is he going to stay in Arsenal??
andrew's drink spilled at Applebee's, that's 3 years! & the tradition goes on :)
Lots of claims called in today, good thing we have over 9000 #autoglass shops we work with!
Wow! Your Angelina Jolie totally changed, more accuracy. I like both of them. They're two different interpretations.
"You're so fresh, Febreeze made a scent after you. You're like a walking Febreeze."
We still have have horrible infrastructure andno high speed rail.We can do more.Plenty of people out of work
We need each other we have to have our own posse's who saddle up for each other-
I DO NOT YOU TELL ME EVERYTHING CAUSE YOU DO TE CREEPING
Shout out to all my Tweeps! Thanks for tha love!!
LIKE BIEBER IS MY BEAST ON FACEBOOK
Finally realizing that #tomorrow is not #promised....so y not #live in the # moment....with integrity and dignity.....
New Tom Waits ftw.
Losing followers <<
RT : Be like the flower, turn your faces to the sun! ~Kahlil Gibran
Good time in Walker tonight Thanks to and everyone who came out and partied. Halloween is done.
love you baby
I have failed two students this semester due to services like QC PaperWriters. These services are predators, pay-day lenders of academia.
want to try something different and worldly?
Never piss a girl with ambition off.
Why don't you stop whining and just do something about it
we do!! Omg wow u can tell by the acrylic nails! hahah l
i wish paradise was code for Dallas
with a 'nife'
New Chemical Engineer over here! Congrats, man! --> RT : Accepted into #RIT!!
I don't trust anything that bleeds for five days and doesn't die.
Thanks! I'm excited & nervous. :-)
He's so hilarious! I saw him earlier today..
Holy shit, this summer is going to kick ma bootie. Intensive dance training nd workout errday...I'm liking this idea
#alamw12 #el12ala Good morning Dallas! Good morning ELs! Ready?! Btw where's the sun at this morning?
is officially on NH ballot. Haters can go suck an egg.
I hate fighting
Reno Bighorns are in Austin. Hopefully they come away with a win.
thanks david! And I loved your tweet earlier. Said like a true UofM fan. Haha!
The majority of those who want #marijuana legalized tend to be under 30 and #liberal, go figure!
ok what time
Hhffjjhrdhordjjvswasdcbjkurdbmiu was here
It is hot cocoa weather here!! Spring in Hawaii = RAIN LOL
On a similar note, Rickie Weeks has more walks (23) than hits (19) this season.
"Thinking itself is positive, and negativity is a form of not thinking." Think about it :)
Feel like having a beer but i dont drink on sunday thats ok i will have some tommorow night for raw
First day on the job :) Stay tuned for updates!
Hello Ft. Lauderdale Beach!!
blerg at least now I have an excuse to be lazy and lay on the couch all night haha
Less than one month, I will be 50 . . . how did that happen?!?!?!?!?
In 2011, a grassy swale outside Gaston revealed a secret. Find out what scientists discovered at this Metro natural area....
if I was there, I'd go with you. :)
#1000 tweet finally
It's my favorite time of year... Girl scout cookie season!! Yumm
#Occupy discussion underway at #afs11 Alumni Hall - what can folklorists be doing to share the stories of people involved in the movement?
Like if Jordan & Cartwright were out & Pippen had a bum wrist. : Our top 3 players (Rose, Noah, Deng) all injured #whatdoyouexpect?
Sorry we didn't get to chat yesterday regarding your ordering system. I will call again after lunch.
When all these people are talking about exams and stuff... bitch i've been on break for a week (:
What do you want to know how to do to make your living room better for the holidays this year?
The People's Forum for Charlottesville City Council Candidates begins tonight at 7 PM.
“: Just saw the funniest thing I've ever seen <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> ”
5:30am alarm stark reminder why I don't drink beer and eat nachos every Sunday night.
Slow sports betting nigjht. Guess I'll be on Poker stars
UH I'MA NEED YALL TO GET IT TOGETHER LOLL RT Most of our money goes on weed and gas
Also, if youre going to give Jamison "credit" for mentoring here you also have to ask what the hell was he doing in Washington
those pants are so cute!!!!
Today, trade in coffee has a huge economic value. Coffee is one of the world's most crucial primary products.
Your rants on the Blazers announcers are Quick-on-Feltonesque. Pretty hilarious.
#lemonade is the best snapple
I forget easily easily, but i never forget!
the jets paid to have jesus on their sideline, not tebow
I haven't played my piano for like 2 weeks..
thanks for the tweetage -- I think has an e-version if you need it again -- eager to read your book!
Go to www.watchnhllive.com tonight and register to watch all of tonights games live online just register to gain access enjoy!!!
I'm not gonna criticize Chris brown's lip syncing anymore. Ppl come to see him dance & he delivers! Singing live would be impossible~
oh really
you on the computer or the phone?
Tonight I'll be at "Ritual Fridays" at The Atrium Lounge with Come out and wear green for Saint Patricks Day weekend!!!
Convos over Twitter seems a bit like an email turn-based chess match... there's a bit of inherent latency between blurbs.
It is physically impossible to distinguish who's hotter, edward or jacob
Seriously. I'm pretty open-minded, but seeing young children at Watchmen made me physically ill.
#oomf said that they use their kids pee to pass drug tests at work !
Controvery Shmontroversy. You've risked your life for years so that others might survive. Much love and support.
Lmao! I know you see me (Yung Joc voice)
Why thank you sir!!!! The otter pun was ESPECIALLY fantastic! ;)
Watching a walk to remember :( sad movie
yourso out of the loopright now, I'll bring you ingirl ;) ok so she might be having a private event so tweet random things to win!
no sir
"You will retain all ownership rights to any Content you submit or make publicly available"
About to jump off the bridge....
Oklahoma City goal..
Just found out my mom's Dr took her leftover pain meds to Haiti. So cool!
#TAFP is still experiencing server issues but we'll be back up in a few hours. Call our office (DM for the phone #) if you need to reach us!
It's Beer Breakfast Tuesday! Today's only entry is Oberon. Would taste even better if it was warmer out
"When you're weak,I'll be strong. When you let go,I'll hold on.Just take my hand together we can do it.I'm going to love you through it."<3
The wooly mammoth look looks good on ;)
Good meeting you tonight at Actor's Key. Make sure to soak in a bubble bath when you get home haha.
That's voluteering for Ron Paul!
Just ordered two Newborn Headbands from Sew Whimsey!!! Now who has a baby on the way I can photograph soon??
thank you
Check out our newest Give Away. Now we are talking $$$$
thanks. you're really nice. i could never be that way. too many annoying things in this world...
u guys r so good and I listen 2 ur music but then my turn tabls break
RT We meditate so we can SEE Gods many miracles unfolding...without stillness, life is a blur
Does anyone know if allows Street View images to be published w/credit? Anyone have a link to their policy?
The problem of overlapping hierarchies is written all the way down the computational stack.
I just smacked myself in the face with a pair of headphones. OUCH!
Mon Ami Gabi really good oysters
Gad to share it out, Blair. I'll pop in for a few.
Ohh i gotta go get ready for school now. I'll try to tweet later! Bye loves!<3
The #NYRangers are on a tear. This is the first time all season the word isn't being used to describe a body part of someone on the team...
Today = Spring Cleaning & Spring Break Body Training!
Godzilla is trending,it's possible he caused this mess, with his little stubby arms and bad breath all angry because nobody loves him.
heeyyy guys im bck!!! wanna talk????
members, I have changed the password for the password protected parts of the site, if you need it & are a paid member DM me!
Ruh-roh. New warbler is dreamy.
thanks for the #love and retweet.
Spent 16 hours learning how to add more free time in my life. I can almost taste that first tennis lesson.
What are you doing Sixers?
follow me back please ? (:
Automaton is a weird word.
I kno I gotta look harder
reported a system at work yesterday i come into work check my email telling me the issue was resolved an it actually was. Never happens
Officers anyone?
Evidently I have "a natural knack for indexing." Perhaps my third attempt at a career will be successful after all!
Rams return to the 20...too bad they won't get any further!..3rd quarter over. Skins going out with a bang
RT : More good news to report: Michigan's unemployment rate dropped again last month – we’re down to 8.3 percent
#BeliebersAreAllStupid ? lol wow i know Belieber fans are mad ! oh well build a bridge and get over it !!!
If my mom doesnt bring me to sushi to celebrate imma #SlapABitch <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
I am still waiting for a call from the networks. You want in as an adviser on the script?
RT : RT : All of Indiana now hates Billy Cundiff.
When does Bowman get questioned for his poor past two seasons?
Plates Promo: Mention that you are a FaceBook Fan of ours and get 15% off any new single food plate this month.
Thank you all for being so patient, it looks like we got mistaken for having an automation because we had such a huge response!
#Wells Fargo in indian hills will be there all day on friday giving things away and free shave ice.
My favorite #GOTMom is Mother of Dragons!!
lol, FTR, I'm actually not one of them.
No! But its wack to take a slampiece on a date. You NEVER know round here!! ": Is it wack to take girls on dates now? I'm confused."
watching harry potter (;
Don't you just hate it when Twitter is down? It feels like you've lost touch with everything that's going on.
is that in your hand or feet? :]
Sittin wit my boy in Argyle, TX listenin to Pastor Dino bring the word..... Gotta love when 2 worlds collide!!
“: Oh nice! I think I'm going try going to one of the places this weekend! #SacBurgerMonth” awesome!
prove it.
Q8. Absolutely! Especially when we have practices or events in the evening.
MT : I want to watch Cougar Town, just not sure I want a puppy everyone that watches Cougar Town season finale gets a puppy.
Did you guys know the elephant is the only mammal that can't jump?
Q7 thought I'd be a subject specialist in academic library since I have 2nd masters in humanities, never got interviews
Who's ready for the launch of our new road unit website???
It's just that Kruiser is running out of kooky losers to support and he's lashing out. Mitt wins!
Grounder up the middle BASE HIT FOR BROCK! Sveum scores, Braggs to 2nd and the Brewers are to within three!
u guys in Houston now
Gealto Flavor of the week sweet dreams- guaranteed to give you sweet dreams! A vanilla and lavender dream come true
Win 98PXY Jingle Jam tickets when you hear Katy Perry "California Gurls" in the 9am hour! (8th call @ 222-9800) Good luck! :)
Starting a bit mellow but transitioning to nineties dance party by 8:30. at 8th floor
Happy birthday Ryan!(:
In the end, a Spartan's true strength is the warrior next to him. So give respect and honor to him, and it will be returned to you. -300
m ice cream truck stopped by today with tasty treats! Strawberry Shortcake ice cream bar. At least that's all I cared about.. EROCK
Set up
not creepy at all o_O
This is a message from the heavens
just attended the Dallas Producers Association's bi-annual showcase of production work by its members. Great meeting...great work!
VERY Nice Meredith!!! KUDOS!!!
Thanks to for introducing me to the awesomeness that is Zotero!!
so excited to hear Obama's announcement, but sad that I had to hide a few people's updates on Facebook in response
our apologies: the corsair show is at the southern, not the
Kids are doing tongue twisters. Six sick sheeps. Ba!
oops, come on Friday too
If pole dancing's an art you know how many fuckin’ artists I know
What I mean was that all the console gamers were full into their games of choice ie Rainbow,Gears,Halo and no one thought
When's your birthday?
Convenient lest it makes decision-making more complicated that it already is.
Bout To Hit This Tru Religion Store
I'm going to need a mix of songs similar to madeon night out remix to make mornings this good always
I predict lakers make the finals this year.
Yea just made a decision to leave early and screw my grandmas Easter Sunday
If I get one more email about righting the wrongs of the CFB HOF /gets two more emails before I can write the tweet
Gracias, Thanks for the follow!
I smell insulin, that must mean is on the plane!
The one thing women don't want to find in their stockings on Christmas morning is their husband. ~ Joan Rivers
because I love storytelling over an arc. Movies are great, but I think episodic lets you dive deeper into the ongoing psyche
What time is best for you? I am free around 3pm?
you wana hangout at the mall?
The anticipation is killing me!
I'm really gonna miss #House it's one of the few shows on TV that's still an actual intelligent drama. Great episode tonight.
When big girls try and wear clothes they know don't fit them <<<<<!
Mizzou's lack of a #buzzerbeater means Norfolk St is a
sigh...another day, another paper/quiz
Where you headed man? Wi-Fi on a plane is pretty useful.
Re: N.E.R.D. Only the played-out ones
I bet french fries would go great with sushi.
no such thing as too often at the rhino. You bite your tongue.
Anyone else using Back Track for testing out security on their own servers?
I don't get back to buffalo until 830, Thursday I can but I leave for new hampshire Friday
Don't forget that there is life after the NFL too!
Happy Birthday!
Taken a shower and calling it a night
We should have information shortly about accommodations for #thatcamp SE. But don't let that prevent you from applying today!
Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is who you are. ~
That is a perfectly acceptable reason! :)
OMG that would be amazing! Yeah show us Jerry! Or I'll just settle for some pervy tweets lol.
We had a blast !! What a audience - love New Orleans !! And the food is totally amazing !
Happy birthday Jc, you'r amazing & deserve the best. May all you'r dreams and wishes come true <3 :")
I GOT HACKED.. AND IM TWEETING FROM .FORMSPRING NOT MY TWITTER. SO FOLLOW ITS MY NEW TWITTER
I still keep up with a few freinds there
I've had a pretty good Monday! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Where us what?
The key is not 2 prioritize what's on your schedule, but 2 schedule your priorities. ~ Stephen Covey
“: Maybe JPM bought the puts to counter this $2B loss...that should do it...
I love you to :*
rainy, rainy #Cleveland morning!!
I'm utterly confused by this tweet. Please advise
Banana Pudding Milkshakes are like Heaven,
Tomorrow, I conquer my laziness and lack of self discipline.
watching someone ENJOY taco bueno in my face<<<<<
Has anyone tried moving directly from Drupal 5.22 to Drupal 6.22? update.php gives me an empty, white screen *&^%&%#!!!
They changed their policy a while back. JIRA is indeed free for non-profits including museums.
Approximately 115 days until the NFL season begins. So excited!
I love gettin mah booty hole tickled...
Going through my tweets to figure out what made me lose followers...Probably my controversial retweet of about
Thanks for the RT about my rebuttal to the "idea du jour" that points to dishonesty in creative people. It's just not so!
gawd i havent been on twitter in FOREVER
heat. But both teams look solid. #lakers all the way though. Woo! Hahaha
Oh hey Blake Griffin haha
Won my 2nd round match today 3 and 2 for the Lake Presidential match play tourney. Putted extremely well. Round 3 next wk vs Peter Bondra.
Love this new country boy intern on #Bones. Love that accent - #rednecks are smart too!
Dear Sir, I'm enclosing a drawing of a spider. Hopefully this explains how bar graphs work.
Bananas suck. Stupid peel gets stuck in my butthole. I want to eat the costume. RT : did u like your banana costume?
Jolly Rancher Candy Canes >
Speaking of Super Monday Night Combat, anyone played the beta yet? (Gotta be tough competing with Diablo I this weekend....)
Watching 7 days of sex
Disneyland will never be completed. It will continue to grow as long as there is imagination left in the world. -Walt Disney
Recalla cough drops
Yes mama!
Yes! Let's do it again soon.
lmfao I spammed myself, I signed onto my other account & had 76 notifications from myself LOL but yes <33
Headed back to Boston for a visit. Can't wait for drinks in the so end.
I don't pick up wat ?
the notebook, a walk to remember, and the time travelers wife are all on tonight
we're with you!
CONGRATULATIONS To VaLaun And Khadijahh On Theirr Baby Boy. Awww...Young Love w/ A Bundle Of Joy.
Don’t say you’re happy because everything is alright. Be happy because even when everything’s complicated, you’re still doing fine.
To the asshole who stole the SD card in my cell phone, hope you enjoy all the pictures of my cat.
how's your day?(:
bout to hit ur phone
Oregon wine country. Whoop whoop.
who Owens this joint el biscocho de lorain.
According to Snopes.com, no verifiable incidents of this nature have been reported.
Not telling how to do his job. Sent a suggestion w/ zero malice behind it. He doesn't want to do it, that's cool.
Thanks for the #FF, Charlie. Have a great weekend.
I have an Irish dance competition today! Wish me luck dude.
Hayley from the DanceFit team rang in her birthday with her first-ever Bootcamp class!
does it talk back? You wrappin' with food?
GG season finale in an hour. Blah. Do I even wanna watch it? Don't answer that. Of course I will.
only if you wanna . i just wanna go and have fun !!
RT : #adtech countdown: 6 days! 57% of people talk to people more online than they do in real life via
photographic proof of my win!
About to meet with a potential client in Grand Prairie, TX. Wish me luck.
Yup, they keep making #GoogleReader worse... I miss having a simple down arrow for scrolling. Odd item to skip.
Like you say, you must educate. I love to say custom marquetry work
I am stuck in a hotel while my wife is at home in pain from wisdom teeth surgery.
Many people who get class action notices don't act on them because they think they are not real.
I should have never been introduced to the "draw something" app...
We'll be learning make-up tips from a celebrity Pro thanks to Johnson's
Ty u too
I was drunk as shit lastnight
how do i get friends on this shit lol
The lifelong commitment of two people in marriage is a beautiful thing if they have the right combination of genitalia.
I am a yogi, I always return the present ;>|
Sleeping at 's
Congrats!! Just watch the episode... Love the show.
Three prominent GOP donors from Missouri give Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker a combined $750,000 earlier this month
Just curious...how many of the #blogtrends participants have a profile?
about to head to school . -_____-
if you have any LSU left, save me one! I'll swing by around 2:30 :)
What's everyone doing this weekend? :))
Just realized I have 3 weeks of vacation left for the year. Very tempted to just pack it in for 2011.
What up world? It's such a beautiful day to be in the studio
I havn't had any coffee for 3 days and it's killing me OUCH!
Build a DVD library of romantic movies. Watch at least one per month.
Cocktails on the patio, mojito included.
I'd be so happy if I never saw the terms #preggo or #babybump ever again.
takes side-address to a whole new level. Not functional but pretty.
" Chick-fil-A sales exceeded $4 Billion in 2011, its highest ever & more than 13% over 2010." Getting fatter 1 sandwich at a time
Ah, Thursday already! Stationery design and two audio book covers on the agenda for today.
#Marge Simpson Bear Jew.... Kick ass!!!!
Lovely day in Corvallis, great conversations, thank you all! I'd come again, particularly if you can keep Delta from sending me via Atlanta
if I want things to change is up to me nobody else.
#askObamaBalanced approach to deficit.
Although I do know hot weather makes kale more bitter. Maybe related?
I have sleeping in the office hangover right now. Bleh.
your dad is very proud of you for sure! Great job tonight
#BestofIL05 The Peggy Notebaert Nature Museum’s Judy Istock Butterfly Haven: where it’s always summer!
we should have a Wakey Wakey Eggs and Bakey Pancake breakfast.
Must have been a HOB staffer previously. Shitty camera policy.
is that Beenz????
haha omg she saw a cute guy but I didn't see him and she told me that he had a white t-shirt I looked around and then I saw
I love my boyfriend a lot
There's no such thing as a sophisticated slut
#ConcertWishList oh wait i am seeing them in 62 days in Maine!
thanks :) i had surgery on my other foot about 5 yrs. ago, so i've pretty much fallen right back into the 'recovery routine!'
Yo. I'm eating fun dip right not giving a fuckkkk- Bangarang
you deserve it girl. God bless!
thank you same to you!
your both adorable.
Not sure it is everywhere in the US.
I just need to get away & clear my mind.....
Thanks for the recommendation! I will be contacting Pussy & Pooch to see if they might like to bring us in!
am thinking that my scone habit keeps my waist away unfortunately.
So much fun! Thank you ;) : Thank you to & for coming to the
One of the many reasons I enjoy following you...you respond! :-) Hope motherhood is going great! Not easy to be a working mom.
If only Kings Of Leon and Paramore would tour together.. My life would be complete!.
Great turnout at 1st Amendment Hack Jam! Room is packed with youth learning about and exercising their free speech rights.
I absolutely love you! Did you book your Europe trip yet?
Feel more confident about the #apush exam tomorrow!:)
I think you misunderstood the meaning of that phrase.... Or you understand it perfectly!
Excellent, that's what we're about! RT : hey thank u for your app, found a deal on oysters by the bay
thank you! <U+E32D>
Ketel One / Red Bull....don't mind if I Do. Atleast I made it past 27. Ha ha death.
Writing a new song. I gotta say, in terms of lyrical prowess, I'm the next ... Can't wait to record this
Let's do this
i really want some boat shoes.
Spmeone wanna play Draw Something?
check your dm =P
Most females dont even like they asshole touched, lolz beside who df would eat ASS thats fucking disgusting
Wat go down followers? Tell me somthin i dont know?
Nope. That's old school. The way to do it now is similar but using "events" which didn't exist before.
One week until spring semester is over and i'm back in Seattle!
very true! Incremental steps to the untilmate goal is key. In Organizational Behavior, we call this shaping and IT WORKS!
My pleasure, he's one of the best. Ships all over the country too. Not a client by the way, I just dig his work.
+1 “ Isn't radical change what is needed in healthcare? #s4pm”
#arealboyfriend Every Kiss begins with #Kay, but every one night stand begins with heavy drinking
I may not have been able to talk you into Facebook but I feel joining the twat party is at least a half win.
Please vote today make yourself count!
Justin's favorite quote account - go follow her :).
S/o young Dallas talent ready to take over the world!!!!
King of Queens is
So stoked that I know Animal Collective have a record coming out in September. What am I gonna do w my life for 4 Months. #thisisnews?
whoa! Did someone say M&M's? Are we planning a post race weekend lunch for next week or what?
14. And we won't mention how old I am now. Let's just say I've been training awhile.
yes!! Winston was not a looker! btw- the "love" I mentioned was Stella Artois! ;)
don't think it could come any faster....Seen them in Knoxville and Loved It.
Great day for a hike. Time to hit up Runyon
They don't hate everything. Just Latinos, muslims, independent women, gays, AAs, truth, justice & The American Way
Okay clearly sleeping is not happening right now
I use Chrome at home. Should use it at work, but I'm rebelling against MS AND Google. Fight the power!
Omg we so weird!!!!
where was that
Great performance by NDI dancers this morning, commercial shoot going well...long day, but off to a good start!
making an honest living through hard work is one thing..but making it thanks to a sex tape to start is another
Nobody and I MEAN NOBODY has the Father-Son bond like me and my daddy! And Im willing to bet that! (besides me and God)
The one where she overcomes that adversity?
Lunchroom wisdom from a teacher: "Sometimes the best thing to do is keep the burp in your body."
they come on occasionally but not the whole time
Are you all okay?
Thinking its time for the weekend to begin!
RT : Just remember this KEY MESSAGE: said to me 10 yrs ago: "Think digital, act analog." Best advice I ever got
haha I know I was ok until I saw you laughing too and then I almost lost it completely! Lol
oh no! Okay, just one tweet. It's okay. You can tell me.
Thank you everyone who attended and presented at #litaforum 2011. Keep an eye out for the evaluation email and see you next year!
There was a 5 car pileup outside Castle Park yesterday. Glad I didn't need batting practice.
Hey Ellen, how many trees does it need to be. For you to call it a forest? Hope you can help me with this <U+263A>
Go on with with you badass NanoRiMo self! Maybe next year for me....
I am following you now!
Hey everybody beautiful world we live in
RT : "deliverables are merely punctuation in the conversation. Don't let them replace the conversation." -
Thank You, my friend!
RT : Check out the hashtag #whywedontneedlibraries . Add your own sarcasm to the mix!
902 wins 100% class.. Congrats Coach.
Working so close to Disneyland is PAINFUL
bc I'm an angel :)
why for politics and not economics? (i tend to agree w/ you, just asking)
Free frostys for a year!
If this is the prevailing attitude, then Williams needs to be suspended for more than a year to stop it...
You can bet on that. Xo RT Will you be doing more action movies?! (: Love you <3
Idk Yet, Wbu? I Haven't Seen You Since You Left My House Mad At Me! RT : work, wyd today
Agree. I just went to protected Tweets. Unfortunate and counter the whole purpose.
Thornton fouls out...I can has more ads pleeze?
#nwill2011 considerations: time intensive training, constant collaboration, repetition, forgetting infrequent processes.
><:)aha!notreally,u?
Interesting crowd: principals, superintendents, ed profs and deans, legislators, counselors. At SREB Leadership Forum
Bestow upon me the wisdom of the unknown.
Is Denzel filming over by Boulevard too? I've been seeing camera crews there all week...
Been using reusable cups for ten years on four continents. 1st time I've been refused. For shame.
hahah yess he was creepy crazy. "bitch!" :) im ready for a round 2,
Remember when Phil Gramm said it was "only a mental recession." Mental my hillbilly ass...
CHICKENS on the agenda in El Cajon. Cluck cluck!
agreed, what else new and adventurous?
Yes I am that guy wearing shorts today... Why not when I can wear them at work!
Not that I have many followers, but I wanted to tell you that I'll be tweeting tonight for a class at MATC. I'll start with#MKTG118 ^JM
Siting at the studio tracking the third song off of the EP, fixing to move onto the fourth one! Who's ready for it release?
oops! sorry. ;) ok, go ahead
Watching Medium, what happen to that show?
In listen to and over the speakers!
Remembering you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose
I'm a monster.
i'm digging the team Twitter battles
I do not need anyone's attitude today. Shut up.
No knock on Pollock. Point was, no left-handed pinch-hitter was available due to all the injuries.
you too I'm on the hot dessert
To do that, you must advance change, take risks and accept responsibility for making change happen
Overheard at the Spotify House: what the hell is Spotify?
Far right looms over Hollande-Sarkozy duel (News)
Waaayyy TMI. Ha. ": Nice --> “: I just made a date with for valentines day. Kind of weird and exciting”"
thank you for the follow!!!!
when is the lotto time tonight again?
Browsing my recent 4sq check-ins is like looking at a diary of fun. What an awesome week.
RT : Derek Fisher still reeks of Laker no matter what jersey he wears...hate him! <-even if he wore a SPURS jersey?
wow I love the chairs! would love to use those in a photo shoot!!!
What was the best dessert you enjoyed during Boston Bakes?
When you get people to the stadium who are finally giving a second chance, playing like crap just causes them to stay away longer.
thanks for tar great night...
So, you've compared scores? hm...guess that sort of proves it :-P
I can stand Mike Richards but I'm a big Rob Scuderi fan. I have to go with Phoenix though.
Kings Beat Coyotes 4-2 In Game 1: Dwight Kings Leads Los Angeles To Another Road Win: GLENDALE, Ariz. -- Dwight King scored his secon...
don't duh me
I hate when people are pissy and they take it out on me
[2 - 0] The Houston Astros scored against the Milwaukee Brewers in the top of the 3rd inning. Houston Astros 2, Milwaukee Brewers 0
how did you like Miller Park?
I am beyond tired and exhausted from this week, but these grades are proving to me that all this work is worth it gotta
Watching Liz brush her teeth is the most attractive thing ever. :P
An accurate pickup truck commercial would show people you haven't seen in 5 years calling & asking you to help move a couch.
when you get back home, let's connect by phone and catch up. Enjoy
What are you referring to?
it's weird how last year on mother's day Justin retweeted me, and then this year he retweeted me in the same week.....creepy.
That seals it, we can never open a restaurant.
ND is coming SOON!! December 2nd and 3rd, in Fargo!
Lilly, my deaf pitbull starting taking special training classes. She's doing excellent! I have got a little genius on my hands
Print is tangible it has a bigger sense of time and place than digital, print becomes more meaningful to the viewer.
Oomf sure knows how to piss me off ......
hey what's up! How you been?
Happy Small Business Week: Time to Shine in D.C. National Small Business Week is a big deal for small business. Here's what you can expec
is this one where its starts with women suck lol
#UNDERTHEMISTLETOE = BEST ALBUM EVER!!! (:
Looking for a great #giftidea for summer birthdays? How about a Simon Giftcard - available
Tonight went great! Hope everyone had as much fun as we did! Japan Relief Catfest Friday. Woo!
it was stupid.
sleep is mandatory at this point.. goodnight, twitter.
about to taste 26 craft beers. Wish us luck!
Now following but it's in Italian. Want to reply to The Pope, but I want him to be able to read it.
No one is loyal in life. Everyone uses each other for what they have until the other person is no longer useful.
When you love what you do there's no need to Hate Mondays! ...I wish each and everyone of you the joy of that kind of Monday! :)
Sorry for your loss April :-(
Idc lol I just really love when u sing Sky scraper!! Maybe u should sing Mr. Wizard
Your the best boyfriend ever! Can't wait for our cooking date! :) Muah!
Floyds Philly shell is amazing
Radio tower improves coverage for Chandler police The tower, which cost about $8 million and was grant funded, is at 911 S. Hamilton St.
I can't believe MY Saturn passed a Ferrari on the highway. I mean, it was in flames on the side of the road but hey, I don't make the rules.
Big day for Finally taking the leap and leaving America behind. May the odds be EVER in your favor! xoxo
Somtimes we overlook things when really we already found it we just havent noticed it this music is serious business
We will be at the Vanderbilt
9. I LOVE PASTA
Troy and Abed in the morning! Haha
Also, Charlie, George and Vinny are stupid names. This isn't New York in 1930.
Buenos Dias/ Good morning!
The longer I sit here the more pissed off I get..
you guys are really loving australia!!! :)
Helping my momma at the church
im so glad u had a good day;)
okay thanks :)
+1 RT : Hey #FF to the folks on the panel I'm moderating for #techmunch NYC
no i feel like twwweeeeeeeeeetring
2:05 game today, full sun! Bring your lotion!
#15peopleilove Justin. Austin. Christian. Sonny. Alex. Justin Justin Justin Justin justin Justin Justin Justin Justin.....
Thanks for the code! See you there.
When theres a doubt within your mind because youre thinking all the time, framing rights into wrongs. Move along, move along.
Man, it is REALLY hard to chug coffee.
Thanks for the RT!
That was good as hell
Instagram is so important though Don. It helps inanely poor photographers develop the respect they don't deserve.
Performance review tomorrow
Welcome followers!
Brass time! SPONSOR ME!!... Miss Manhattan beach in the Miss California USA pageant! Get your business in the 10,000 programs being made!
why dont you have alot of followers???
For some reason 4 people decided to unfollow me ):
Consider following and learn about her passion for empowering women!
as a student I work 30 hours a week to pay for college I will not graduate with any debt
Sunny on Washington for once .
Not if IT governance is in place, DLib objectives visible due to performance indicators, measures, controls
Love the grass roots movement of #RonPaul!
Being employed is awesome.
Need more MMJ dates
#WhatMakesYouBeautiful your happiness and love for people
I miss you bad today... :( I wanna see youu!
I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW WHAT THE TIT IS GOING ON. OMG. LINDSEY JUST KICKED OFF THE VOICE. I LIKE A FREAKING GAY GUY. AHHHHHHHHG. THIS SUCKS.
A little Las Vegas Fire Rescue history: 100 years ago Firefighters were paid two dollars each for every fire they put out.
I guess I thought you could get there from the inside. Have fun!
Anybody got any funny or cool ideas about an Archie Comics video I should make. I like to edit the shit out of videos. Let me know :-)
Sometimes I fear I'm NOT emotional ENOUGH for you
Given up the ball to who? KG was covered, Peitrus didn't come to the ball and Pierce and Bass were sealed off.
Netflix really has me nailed: "violent viral plague sci-fi and fantasy" & "romantic gay & lesbian coming-of-age movies"
thank you for the follow Rosa!
Howard should be more worried about the Ms record the past few yrs and leave the arena deal to ppl who know what there doing
thanks for the follow! we played with plus/minus last fall.. was truly a treat! www.gossip-culture.com
Fun! Fun, fun, fun, fun, fun, fun! And I'm not even terribly familiar with The Avengers.
Turf Talk Tonight at the tree house lounge reno nv 555 E. 4th st. Be there
OMB! <- Only beliebers until the day a directioner comes and says: OM1D!!
get it girl! can't wait to visit you at work!
get the fuck off my TL then
wuts good wit ya life u skell
m, tots! I am about to rock some kick-ass falafel, hummus & grilled corn. Next: Linda Lavin!!!!
I'm pretty sure there is news happening at NYSE. You should cover it. Maybe if it were in Egypt?
Love those crazy girls.
Congrats. That's quite an honor.
Ce n’est pas à un vieux singe qu’on apprend à faire la grimace. (There’s no substitute for the wisdom of experience.)
have a blast w/ #BUS7 - sorry to miss it, but still in italia!
49ers vs Patriots....
i love she has so many followers and she follows back ;)
Are You Creeping ?(:
Leftover Chinese > any other leftovers
So hard. Narry is EVERYTHING!
Getting my Friday AM medicine... Aka caffeine...
#Denver! Want to see our new short film "Cut '83!"? It's screening 9/9 at Denver Film Center & 9/24 at Oriental Theater!
Insomnia+cigarettes+ =inspiration for a new poem
I'm beautiful in my way, cause God makes no mistakes. I'm on the right track baby I was born this way! Come on Tuesday
Heading to the #contraband premier tonight at . Boom!
Greater #ROC Health Foundation information session in T-minus 2 hrs.
Google Organically - twitter.com/expert
Press conference.
Did Perry just say "breasticles?"
#IUBB we're pulling for you in
RT : "Bikers" wear chaps; "cyclists" wear lycra
If you're in the mood for Bloody Marys today, check out Zapatista in the South Loop and Lincoln Park - $5 BM's with Coronita Black. Salud!
am going to a bbq with my family for mothers day you ? :)
The fast lane is working out really well
Check out sometime. Excellent band.
Mentally I try to stay at a medium level, not too high or too low. ~ Todd Zeile
Filming a video newscaster style
right now my cat sounds like a pigeon o.o
i love love love you i saw you at t4 and you we're amazing!, you we're the best theree, please follow me.
Is it possible though? Watch the documentary called 'Food Inc', it'll make you think!
Please give me a reason to break out the bedazzled neck brace!
QUICK to catch feelings, and SLOW to loose interestt !
Ok.. Kim k. Please stop taking off your clothes... You need some Jenny Craig baby..
that's what's up
hahaha that guy is great!!!
With on our way to kittery to see nic for the day #girltime .. hopefully acquiring a tan & some new clothes
Congratulations to Antonia Grilikhes-Lasky, Audience Choice Winner : Brooklyn Brooklyn Arts Council. We are proud to sponsor the award
I've been on a good streak of no road rage until tonight. FUCK.
me to! I Love Ariana!!
.... countdown to the unveiling
Northeast Conference
Pantera's is by far the best pizza out there.
I stay out of it
Spotted: Selena Gomez & Justin Bieber hit the Los Cabos, Mexico beaches for a little vacation, Saturday morning (January 7)
sounds like a good idea to me
We want to quote you in our next newsletter for #milkshakemadness - whats your Google Places profile link?
3-0 LaSalle after a defensive miscommunication by Prep
oh well lol (:
Love playing #wingman but she left and I'm sitting here waiting. I refuse to walk anymore!
27 Revisions left, from 8 students.
thanks for following Packrads! We track every single #online #social and #mobile call-to-action each in-home globally!
RT!! Management has specially allowed us to begin TODAY! Until Saturday, Oct 1st! Way to celebrate Fashion Week! Just for you TikiDolls (:
We turning up tonight..what yall doing?
your are such an inspiration and i love your voice<3
Good luck to you y felicidades! RT : RT #mcawards underway!! good luck
#The Voice can't believe she sent Jesse home or shit! Jesse you are going to make it. You only fail when you quit!
Thanks for following my blog on Twitter.
Much better. Now I can play all the videos and soundtracks perfectly. I will listen to all. Ed
You know it am putting it down bombers. Heck yes
Heey its Rachel! (:
Took the boy for 1st swim. No tears at all. I call that a win.
I thought Jermaine was gonna say 'Jerry McGuire - my ambassador of quan ... '
Are you still on standby? It's like 9pm there....
loved his site. learned a lot esp the queueing theory
I seriously dont know any girl with more clothes than I have.....
Dr. Breiman is fantastic. Enjoy your time in Kenya!
your getting me so excited bout the new SFU. Rob and Ben on guitar. Shesh!!! Gonna kill man!
your boy brek is doing so good.
I wanna wish all the women on Twitter a happy mothers day. Yall have the hardest job in the world
Great, I drew a 12th and 16th seed.
God guide me through this journey of difficult times bcuz I know u will never give up on your own child!
that was the #1 trending topic, and my guess is many are single bc they spend their time using stupid hashtags like that! haha
if your an artist listen up: is an awesome way to promote your shows in Los Angeles!
No matter what has happened today, stay on track. Remember your goals. Don't let anything shake your focus!! You are worth it!
Glad U got the joke LOL
the one where they got shot by the mexicans ?
It's National Donate Life Month! Become a organ donor and help make a difference for 113,703 waiting for a second chance.
LBJ stop your flopping your better then that.
Have fun!
thanks for the heads up. I apologize for the spam.
Well, you're not following me. ;-)
IMO, they do not. But I am old-fashioned. My daughter was reading ebooks in school in 1st grade (last year) and loved it.
nice article.
Best party in Vegas tonight, baby! Tropicana- 3801 Las Vegas Boulevard
anybody that calls right now then i might go do a tiny chat for a bit
legit for sure.
Good and u
Straight outta LoCash
Wow. Can't believe he said that. Sad that some ppl still think that way.
Start your day off with one of our 50 yummy egg dishes, grilled red potatoes, & fresh baked scone (with raspberry freezer jam)!
Freshman year: Fun! :) Sophomore year: Great! :) Junior year: wtf happend -__- Senior year: COME ALREADY!!
Cool, looking forward to it! If you guys need any press, let me know, I can post in on my site!
" Q: What does the "science" in "library & information science" mean? How would you define it?" | Applying method to the madness.
Let's go, let's go go! Let's go, let's go go GO!.
Jon from Oklahoma says Zug Zug...
Karigon Elementary School teacher Byran Sawyer vies for top spot on &quot;Live with Kelly&quot; TV show
dont be like that man you lost to a good team it's not shucks fault I understand him but should have used secondary
I'm a believer in supporting the artists you love rather than stealing from them because it's easy. Every day should be
Does anyone have the lyrics to the choir auditions???
Ikr ..I'm in the lab now finishing up some writing on a record.
Hey wind do us a favor...take the moths with you!
much appreciated - hope you're well
There are at least twice as many folks at #thatcampsf this year, different dynamic...excited.
I need help with adsense.... how that shit works and how am I suppose to add ads to my videos? thoughts???
What is your biggest Internet marketing challenge? DM your questions and I'll create a YouTube video answer for the most popular question.
haha i sai d ignore that!
Only in Wisconsin can you get sunburn and frostbite in the same week
let me know whenever you want to come by and grab them. each pass admits two to the screening.
Looking good :3
Kmsl RT : Some of y'all females make up have y'all lookin dead as hell.
I just followed...waiting on my 3+ haha !! Thanks for reaching out - help us grow too !!
Super uber Excited to begin filming a lead role in the full length feature - "Canon".
Fixing up UI for #webservius - CSS idiosyncrasies, browser incompatibilities... would be so much easier on #Silverlight :)
You speak my heart.
just sharpy tiny bikini on yr nips and yr good!
thanks for listening Dave!!
It's 's birthday? I thought he died in the bus explosion.
Belgian tripel on the boil. Good to be brewing!
Klaatu says RELAX.
then kick butt now!!
and I want you to always know that you are the only woman, other than my daughter and mom, that I could every love this much
Gotta find me something similar to what you got.
On my way to marfa texas!
nah bruhhh.. you'll be missing my cute face
You have heard that happiness comes from within so why do you spend most of your time looking outside? Within...acceptance no understanding!
Wow, today I twet some criticisms of our glorious president and saw a NET GAIN of one follower. Things are turning around for America.
Feels like this draft is FLYING. Kind of surprised Jets go with Coples & his work effort concerns, but we know not to be surprised by Rex...
Yall to MFs just gave me a hell of a laugh..
#mtvnews #mtv Excited to be going to my first award show tonight - MTV Movie Awards
Can't a girl get a break already! F! Another M!
Decals in production... we'll be ready with more!
For all of my friends hooked on keek! Do any of y'all have one?
thanks for the retweet!
Scratch that, sun is somewhere behind this of gray and light rain. Stop playing hide and seek and show yourself at #SXSW!
"And we're just the guys to do it!!"
Ty for signing up! Enjoy your dinner!
recommend you read the graphic novels. Shit is wild and 10x better then the show.
any update on Persa's health?
Enjoy the peace of mind that comes from a good Reno property manager taking care of your Reno Apartments.
Feet hurt, ankles hurt... EVERYTHING HURT!!!
ha! That's from a song.
Today was good including class!
Busiest men find the most time. <U+5FD9><U+3057><U+3044><U+4EBA><U+307B><U+3069><U+3088><U+308A><U+591A><U+304F><U+306E><U+6642><U+9593><U+3092><U+898B><U+3064><U+3051><U+308B><U+3002>
Not seeing it, but I am on my iPhone. Will check it on my computer later!
Travel scenes, pt. I: National airport, 11:30 am Brewpub full of people drinking beer. Tempted to ask if any Christians. Refrain.
Its a great time and a great cause. Thank you in advance for supporting the Tigers Foundation! :)
those days when everything from your head to your toes hurts <<<<<<<
Search "Trayvon Portland" on Twitter. Lots of great discussion and analysis. Glad Portland is showing solidarity.
Going to get a Christmas tree today!!
Follow Joe B! RT : We will have a story on the Winterhawks and Sven Bartschi tonight on KGW's Sports Sunday 11:35pm.
Your touch is driving me crazy!
Q1 #ITChat What technology do you need to make your office more efficient? | via
Listened to 96.9 Boston today and i'm losing confidence in humanity
I love that my tattoo artist knows exactly what I want!!! Yay #3 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Great music and nice dudes catch them on the rest of the Hood Slung tour!
Sponsors open discussion in House Ed on SB15, the ASSET bill that would set special tuition rates for undocumented students.
Damn I want that kiss SMH
Road Trip today, talk tonight...
My OFFICIAL 8,000th tweet is dedicated to !!!!! LOVE YOU!!!! <3
blast from the past!
I faintly remember breathing on your bedroom floor. Where I Iaid and told you, but you sweared you loved me more.
Lol, why you think I don't care?
“: That is a tune. And Mary is smashing that smooth as hell hook.” thanks dude
i wish karilyn would stop talking about alice cooper. i could not care less.
I'm very tired and my left wrist hurts really bad<U+E403>
- Anyone know the RETIREMENT AGE for Poplar Bluff School District????!
still believe that Fakers bench is nothing but flukes!
pretty much
will do :)
Getting better. Should have vision by 4th of July. Thanks for asking
I think it's HILARIOUS how people make hate accounts for someone. I mean seriously do u have nothing better 2 do so you make a hate account?
so true
yes it could!
We do one thing...
Thanks for the #FF. Happy Friday! RT :
ill be runnin extra long after last night
Stupid girl ruins everything.
sorry I was at a meeting and it's just like who she is and how she's changed.
Lol yeah i kinda was wrong.. sorry, next week will be just as good though
If drumsticks are for playing drums, are breadsticks for playing bread?
Thanks Wells Fargo Bank for denying most credit card charges the past 5 months. "Together We'll Go Far"? Maybe "Better Not Go Too Far!"
Hope everyone is having a good day*.
idk just wanted you to make sure that's what you want cus thats a big step
Take a moment tonight to reflect on what matters most to U & then focus your life around what U believe is most important & worth pursuing.
The secret to a good chinese place is a Color or Animal in the name. Golden wok, Green Dragon(Xtra good), Green Bo.
'Captain America' was a really good film and did not disappoint.
um rude!! You have no room to talk since you kept ditching!!!
tomorrow is my last day of high school.... ah, so weird. time flies.
starting to think there are two separate conversations: representation of dig surrogates v collection presentation
I sound like a frog
NM DOE Oversight Bureau chief unsure how many barrels of WIPP-bound low-level #LANL rad waste are at Area W, ~2 miles from fire
Evan Turner's voice sounds like Walt Jr.
Any recommendations for a good book publicist?
Listening to. TI this am....makes me remember I'm so A T L
good things are happening!!
Rooting for the Lakers
supernatural marathon continues...
Success is a ladder that cannot be climbed with your hands in your pocket
People are so not loyal
which part u comin to?
lol they make you want to get out of the bus or move seats >_<
Denver, 5 days away from my baby girl..... Rough!
Lovely! And so true, especially for a (yawn) Monday morning. Thanks for the mention!
I am turning into a bitch, a bitch that is failing half of her college classes. The tables have officially turned from high school.#college?
Make a Referral Monday - For powerful e-mail marketing with great ROI for your business go to:
Planning things for the weekend.
Let's get those #FF goin!
New York. But thats just mine. They are in my friends Asks calling me an asshole.
Your really trying to start something with me today. Haha your a fucking joke. Today is not the day so #fuckoff #bitch .
#happybirthday to our amazing fan !!! <3
yeah right you just want me to stop tanning so you can be tanner than me. Your mind games wont work here peej
Finally saw Haywire last nite. Really enjoyed it, great job by Soderbergh and Gina Carano rocks as a kick-ass super soldier.
#Madmen? Oh, was there are program on too? All I saw was a litany of ads, with some unriveting stuff in-between.
Congrats & ! Good luck & thanks for all the help over the years. I'll be looking for Allen to speak in Denver.
OK--except it's got to be a Panama. Visors and I don't work well together. :)
I want to! So hopefully yes
Busy sending out 2012 Markeitng plans for #golfcourses & #golfclubs, if you run a course and are interested contact me (989)858-0652!
#Tweagles Alum! RT : S/O to for getting some love on the today
Starting today & going all week- is donating 10% of sales to keep your classes tax free. Get or add on to your membership today!
Made me smile. lol
Blondes don't like other blondes. Fact.
Just voted for the merge:)
Putting area golf courses into my Outlook to sync with my phone so I have their numbers in the field.
Happy Fat Tuesday!!!
i hope you guys are having so much fun !!! <3
Chilling with Cara, Averi, Brandon, Rylee and girl who has phone babies. :) good day(:
Phil Simms says it's unusual that you're not on your back. Anything you'd like to let us know?
check your listing for Sennheiser HD 280 headphones. The lowest price link is the wrong model and I am seriously disappointed! : (
Meeting at 5:30 that i'm totally ready for! You say you need a blogger/social networking expert? Yeah, I got that ;)
I'm hungry
let us know if you need help Bob, we are happy to do it!
Justin Bieber on tmz. ~Le gets excited.
I got a bitch who spanglish , she keep her bangles danglin and da cocaine is right up in her anus !
Presenting this morning with the CIO of Portland State about Prioritizing Projects through IT Governance - 8:30 in Broadway IV
Thanks for the S/O homie...hope to work with you soon :)
When people say YOLO...do you honestly think you live twice? stupid ass
I can't wait to be 21. Broad Ripple every weekend!
I've been told I bear an uncanny resemblance to Matt Damon. If he had Down's Syndrome that is
Sorry I won't be at #4c12 to see your panel, would love to read/hear the prez's, great trailer!
you never know what the next person is going thru
Wedding day be damned, THIS is the happiest day of my life!!!!!!!
Thanks to Monster Prof for the shout out for #PopSouth!
Love putting 'Fringe' style real-world titles in every video project I can.
Coach Warren and the Men are in the ASUN Tourney as the 8th seed! #fearthefin. Let's Go!!! Play belmont on wednesday!!!
congrats on ur performance on dwts. It was awesome!
Had to drive up to Lake Forest & back in rush hour traffic. Ugh.
could u please stop secdeucing, and hypnotizing me with your funbags? There making my eye twitch. #2brokemartha ;-(
None, but people of strong passion are capable of rising to greatness. -Gabriel Riqueti Mirabeau
use it as you see fit...
Gotta be honest - that Paul Ryan meme going around makes me puke in my mouth a little bit.
So the gf and I are going to Hawaii in June and guess who's playing? Expect a little easy coast love in paradise.
It's news now because of the increasing hyper-sensitivity in our culture.
TY! It's a blessing & a curse, as they say. LOL In the long run, more a blessing, my mom gets pegged 4 my sister all the time!
I just finished watching #TheVoice. My crush on Tony Lucca has been reawakened & DAMN! The battle between Jesse & Anthony was EPIC!!!
HEY BABE WHATS UP???
CO Senate State Affairs Comm getting detailed explanation of proposed changes to early literacy bill.
Following jakewolf on instagram is about as close as i will ever get. Hes absolutely AMAZING.
Happy Mothers Day Shoutout To All The Beautiful Mothers Out There. Being A Mom Is The Hardest Responsibility On Earth. Today's Your Day!
Everybody needs to #FOLLOW ! She's super cool and has great tweets! (:
Thanks :) went very well! nice!
thats awesome! We won't stop being epic if you won't! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Hey Arlene! so great to connect
Dallas PD is chasing car rolling just on rims through Dallas on I-30
We're looking forward to it!
We are like an unborn baby. Wicked anticipation for 9 months and then bam. We turn your world upside down in July.
Using dogs, Alamogordo narcotics agents uncovered a large ball of heroin, and several smaller pieces, in George Nevares' house and vehicles.
Art is the most intense mode of invidualism that the world has known. - Oscar Wilde
that bottle hook is solid. nice find
what is the best messaging phone these days for a texting teenager?
okay :D
Im to sexy for my shirt
I don't understand why you're trying to make conversation prior to 10 am. Its not okay.
Hahaha! Great to see you Saturday :)
I must be really uptight....
“Silence is so accurate.” <U+2015> Mark Rothko
My birthdate and my favorite Dutch painter.
Happy Heart Day! We love our Congenital Heart Defect children and ALL our miracle kids! Hope you have a happy & healthy Valentine's Day! <3
big time rush just did a dance with hats... Nowhere near as good as our Hat Trick.
The Nick Young Experience!
I not know :S
sounds fantastic! Im sitting in stopped traffic on the way to
"but really mrs. lincoln, besides that, what did you think of the play?"
psyched for 's last class at tonight
What Do Interviewers Notice First About You? - U.S. News &amp; World Report
I'm astonished charges $99 to install internet in an apartment that had cable already. By "astonished," I mean "pissed."
He wants to send me a screen saver. I wonder what that's going to be about
Have you joined our mobile club? Free gifts are on your way text SUNSET to 55800.
Filming a music video tonight with MoeJoRising. Show tomorrow night at the Rock Room in #PolishHill..its #30Realm innit
So dudes window wouldnt roll up.. so he opend an umbrella and pushed it through! Imagination at its finest lmao!!
yes, I'm pretty convinced you have a virus.
thanks for the retweet from a true Lions fan
Polling place change go to: ://vpa.wi.gov/VoterSearchScreen.aspx Fill out info, click on name, and scroll down to lower right.
The remix is my fav. version of that song. Have a great weekend, chica! :)
Anyone need a #Coachella ticket? A friend is selling one for the second weekend - get at me.
I don't care what someone has to say bout me, but it's another thing when I was actually a friend to them
.. when train stood for an hour to the end and see the man, in his mountain of an engine, dark hissing living steel, bandana on head ...
Thank you. :)
A Look at the 3 Stages of Degenerative Disc Disease
: Thanks for the shout out!
If I don't laugh, I'll cry! :)
#BieberOnTLC go watch it on the t.v.! Ah! Right noww!(:
he didn't leave a giant impression, but I didn't dislike. Theyre most likely doing Winter Soldier, huh?
Great, another jersey shouldn't be buying at this point in his life
Yes! Agree. V. Challenging to get strangers to talk amongst themselves.
- bra you do Tatz ?
#Breastfeeding uses an extra 300-500 calories every day!
I'm living the lack of #Denver house inventory! Today, we were scheduled to see 4 new listings... 3 are now under contract!
Keep your head up
LEVEL UP! Guts +2 Heart +3 Smarts +1 Will +1 Glow +500 : Finding a lite brite in the garage score!
get err
#thingsteacherssay don't pack up there's still a minute left! Ooh ya cause the two words I can right done in a minutes matters! shutup!!
Come out tonight to urban heat in mesa. Live performances by n more!
The power to endure comes from everlasting strength.
Sounds good, We're planning a trip to NC to visit 's parents in early Sept. When do you get back?
whhhhaaat?! you so crazy!
<U+266A>And With A Tear In My Eye Give Me The Sweetest Goodbye That I Ever Did Recieve<U+266A> ~
add Whole Foods to the parking lot death trap list
My heartfelt prayers go out to the victims' families and the injured persons of the attacks on the fine people of Oslo,Norway.
I like people who lie. Lol, not. I ALWAYS know.
saw the two greatest people ever tonight <3
Happy Hour at Buddha-Bar until 7! $5 select cocktails, appetizers and sushi. Do it, do, do it!
Love Monday's notices of weekend sales. Thanks to our awesome fans & customers, we truly appreciate your support this holiday season!
I dislike this high ass gas!
Cheers to the weekend btw
Creating a Mother's day tribute video for my mama <3
My books are here! You can order at jennifershaw(dot)com. I'm so excited!!
Good luck!
It's telling that all the audience comments are indeed comments and not questions.
because your high! “: food > functions. lol”
I got them off VIP nation there was 4 left when I did and I bought two so it depends on what ones you want most are sold out
Told you wouldnt win the competition, Lets call it even! since you won the game!
it's not what it's all cracked out 2 b kinda boring if u ask me
yea, i wish they stop the mj/lbj comparison
I hate waking up from a dream that I can't remember, but can't help feeling was somehow important. it's very unnerving.
enjoy your red ring to rule them all
Wow -.- lolss i love dancing along with Your bg ^.^
RT : Woo Hoo! It's Friday and is in the Yoo Hoo room at Flapper's comedy in Burbank tonight at 930!...
So true! RT You have to see the fountains at the Bellagio they are beautiful to watch!!
Not too shabby!
Or at least hire a professional for ur colour. Rt or better yet... Get your DAMN roots done!!!
I will write a report called "Cat Rules/Training" -- do you think it will go out as a gift?
Breakfast with the Hipsters again and more work on the StoryForge app. Looks nice on my Ipad 3.
I know something bouta happen
Reading the staff report on AT&T/T-Mo from - best example of "expert agency" work I've seen in years. Great work.
I have the "Sexy Blue Eyes" Palette and the "Mysterious Brown Eyes" Palatte.. they usually have these on sale & coupons
Well this is just peachy..~_~
Dance party took a turn for the worse upon hearing "Tonight I should have stayed at home / Playing with my pleasure zone". Ew.
Gettin ready to party with my favorites of the summer<3
Keeping my fingers crossed that we are done with the hurls, trots, hunger strike, & anal gland explosion pet fun. Been great, but I'm done.
Haha this is true, the cookies could have been a little bit warmer/softer/gooey-er buuttt i'm not complaining for $1.75 :)
Getting proposal together for FETC.
oh ok yu gettin mad at me
thanx eris! I'm glad you enjoyed it! did you download it? :D keep on spreading the word! I'm gonna try out next season!
na. Single life when I leave the country. LOL
So excited! RT : Best news ever: is coming to Uptown.
WHITE HOT HEAT!!!
#SheWantsSexIf she just boldly unzips your pants & starts sucking your dick! Then again maybe she just likes sucking your dick. ¯\_(?)_/¯
": Looking at your smile is also a source of happiness for me."
oh okay well yes definitely let me know mine on the 12th we can go all out!!!!!!
you must have google handy to pull that name out!
Yea some sort of hybrid will be born there for sure. I'm excited for that will definitely be interesting.
pinterset is cool and all, but you cant custom the way your boards look at all. super annoying.
good morning Austin! Hope you have a great day!(:
how did it feel to stand in front of that hippo?
QualityNM is hosting "Learn & Breakfast" on October 7 at Embassy Suites. Register at www.qualitynewmexico.org.
longG day..but hey im stll here wit my fam so im grateful..Thank U God
It's not too late to take advantage of the 40% discount for our upcoming Foundation Class - which begins TONIGHT! Email .
she has been duly warned and taught to filter on her own.
Thanks Let's grab coffee when you have a chance.
never could beat me
girl: Take off the condom. boy: Why? girl: YOLO! boy: If you get pregnant YOYO! girl: What? boy: (You on your own!)”
shit bored in class
Ppl don't use their imaginations enough anymore. Great episode~
"he's so cute, but he's not cute" what
Kay, just leave me here with your friends..
Not only am I not engaged, I don't even have a boyfriend. -__- someone shall pay for this prank
LOL SURE! Bring them on!
It seems like it would have been better to save our Ace for AZ instead of Wolf who's claim to fame is being friends wit CC.
#idol - Jessica is so comfortable on stage. Yet another great performance. She is the one to beat, for sure.
A quote that inspires us to work hard n realise the value of time.Every drop of sweat at young age will reduce ten drops of tears in old age
id shut you down though
why limit happiness to one hour? coffee happy hour is from 3 to 6! all coffee drinks are half off
love u too boo! Gotta look out for da hometeam!
can u DM ME BACK I LOOVE U <3
You should skype with this Friday! It's her birthday and that would be an amazing present :D
Happy Early Birthday ! (: #havethebestbdayever ! ;D
Lets Go Montero!
Sad movie over yes but it was a good movie at the same time! Sad but good! :):(
The weather is so perfect but I'm much too tired to take notice.
I know
What's good bro...
"Okay" if you say so.
I thought people in #ATX were wussie about the weather. It's raining hard in SF, and the city is in state of emergency...
~ Good idea! I never thought of that.
Last but not least, congrats to Flower on tying Barrasso in shutouts and wins! So many great things happened this season.
Left home for school again
apparently. Lol craziness!
A lil birdie told us u were looking 4 us.Pls spread the word&tune in2 WSOC TV 2nite at 5 p.m. for 's story
": she will never be wifey material!! EVER!" maybe not 4 u but I find that hard to believe just my thoughts tho
* name correction from earlier tweet--- Sergio Rayon --- We apologize for the error
I'll pass on that one.
Netflix must go forward, not backward, upward, not forward, and always twirling, twirling, toward freedom.
Dog walkers needed! Stop in and apply today!! :)
I wish you were better so things could go as planned! #callmemaybe?
How to admire and not envy, this is the rub.
So happy for Viola Davis and the cast of the Help! Great film!
Who dares to teach must never cease to learn. ~John Cotton Dana
New hashtag for me:
she said her jaw hurts so i expected that her knee's did too
guys if you need followers tweet me so i can help. :)
Friday! Friday! Friday! Friday!.. Sorry, that is all I got for today.
Organisms are prepared for the digital world--they ave been doing it for 3 mill years.
+1 RT : I get asked often: "what is the single most important trait for a person who wants to work at a startup to have?" Curiosity.
I rewatched Iron Man again last night, still one in my top 10 favorite movies. :D
Reminds me of Ricky Jackson. How about lil ricky.Looks like a linebacker dog.
The truth is you don't know what is going to happen tomorrow. Life is a crazy ride, and nothing is guaranteed.
I met Eminem once He was pretty awkward. His palms were sweaty, knees weak, arms were heavy, there was vomit on his shirt, mom's spaghetti.
“The best political, social, and spiritual work we can do is to withdraw the projection of our shadow onto others.” <U+2015> C.G. Jung
There is nothing better than spending time with family. Safe travels & I'll see you next month :)
Liam Flynn or James Joyce
Back home in #MKE . It is a 75 degree temperature swing.
Ubisoft press conference is more insufferable w/o Joel McHale
#ThingsICantStand r when people r world 2 me vent 2 me n they have 2 have that sad period of time n I can't b there to confert them :(
My Documents of Contemporary Arts books came today! The Cinematic and The Archive.
#Yolo = You Only LIve Once *
am weirded out by the white upper class type people "dancing" at alterra to lcd soundsystem and the talking heads.
RT me please so my data base can grow
This is the one and only time that I am going to thank my cousin for playing video games.<333333(:
What about in-app alerts?
I'll be at the event and can't wait to see you ladies!
Who wants a free massage, health screening, cooking demo, red make-up touch-ups and more? Visit the Go Red Health Expo at Macy's...
Get to it mister. I pre-ordered mine!
Have you laughed yet today? This is one of YouTube's most viewed clips..funny!
My hero too good for him for speaking out i belive in karma and those bullies will get there's in the end
Closed for some big catering jobs this weekend. We'll see y'all Monday!
wow, my last show was today.
I don't like sittin with my legs crossed, it makes me feel like a girl.
Ps3 By Myself On A Friday Night WoW Ima Loser): Hmu?
Prince did do some of his best work with mayte I do agree
yo, in front of the law school, but I can come meet ya wherever
Spain? Uh.....drink the wine.
SO DO I AND I WANT TO C BO&HOPE TODAY ALSO
okay what time?
it is good!
No problem, boss. Anytime. Let me know when you wanna get crackin' on those bullpen shirts. Got a few ideas in the works.
Ok, the idea of a "butthurt notice" has me laughing uncontrollably!
Training is everything. The peach was once a bitter almond; cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education. ~Mark Twain
Was playing 200/400 mix at bellagio. everyone took a dinner break... which brings me to Krung Siam Thai restaurant! :)
Send to West Allis please! We have a bar crawl of 20!
preach it baby.
Tried to dm---app wasn't having it. Be great to meet up, put face to a name. You still around?
Truth is fools done let the game get pass skills, money don't make you raw,practice does. I practice what I preach so that makes me perfect.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg~ The sure conviction that we could if we wanted to is the reason so many good minds are idle.
OKC Just Blocked Lakers Like 4 Times In A Row
Let's go
Marketers: "exclusive webinar" is an oxymoron.
And it was money well spent! RT : Richard Garriott: 50,000 people paid $5 to beta test Ultima Online in 1997
Oh my goodness! Oh my goodness! 9 MORE to Go before someone gets a FREE iPOD!! :)
Thanks. Can't DM you till you follow me though.
We have 300-400 people. Sponsors get their logo on our websites, emails, & slides at the event. Hope you can make it!!
Had fun today... With my sister and son. Im a proud Mother!!
Olivet's fries >>>>
We use that regularly for salad dressing. Vinegar, EVOO, salt, pepper & a little dijon mustard.
been challenged to a Droid vs. IPhone duel by an 8th grader to see what phone is the best. Droid users what tricks should I use to win?
wow you werent kidding when you said america had little interest in you guys. just saw the vid when you all were in vegas :/
Loosing is not for champions as success is not for desire alone.
Submarine. Bob's Burgers. Uncle Boonmee...
Pandora is picking really well today -- I've had it choose all sorts of songs I forgot I liked!
#Norway at #CPD2012 : we need to protect and promote human rights including sexual and reproductive rights.
DJ entertainment for all events! All types of music specializing in house music and latin. All genres available.
Things are better now no worries (:
Off to Seattle soon, all by myself :/..it's worth it to go see and the rest of OF.
i love reading your tweets(:
I'm so mad I have school tomorrow -_-
i'm glad to know that Bridgewright was an actual profession that you could be in the 1830s.
it was pretty funny but some stuff was so fake XD
thanks for the add A
either way, i think what you all do is important. keep it up.
Don't think about it be about it
great, and yourself? :)
Wish you were here.
So many $ figures being thrown around promiscuously. somewhere a Republican felt a shiver down their spine. Newt I'm looking at you
Promote your Business with Zbynet Media Network. Coming soon.
ha! I enjoy a good rainbow! A double rainbow?
I have all #Ravens fantasy players, but I want the #Chargers to win
Wilhelm notes that Seniors are the most talented and most optimistic Americans - we need them online
Our Christmas sale is extended through this whole week! Excluding Monday and Tuesday when we're closed. Through July 31st! Christmas in July
Bachelorette tonight, much needed girl time!
launched plan to end vet homelessness by 2015 in 28 cities & rural communities by raising awareness of svcs available vets.
Have I done any of my homework this break? Nope. Do I plan to? Nope.
sometimes you gotta do things fa yoself, and say fuck everybody else
~Time off for good behavior?
thanks for all the support! <3
<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> oh yea i got the heart power noww <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
I am great, thanks. Lots of happiness. How about you? Update me! “: love you!! How are you?”
was off my phone for a few minutes then saw your instagram post!:(( Please follow Me back on instagram it's: meganfoye
Pretty much anything made by Specialized is a good bet when it comes to bike components.
Linked my students final projects on my website. Excited that I could link kmz files.
looks like the Tolbert Mathews start was a bad idea.
When you have wait for something to happen, forget about it in an instant and take action on something to build your business.
he got the takedown, but Hendricks clearly did the most damage in the stand up. I'm not upset over the decision.
Even at your worst, I will still choose to believe the best in you.
thanks bud...I appreciate it. lol
where you at girl!?
Have you considered drinking? I hear that's popular in New Orleans.
there's a big cardinal hunt in Louisville this weekend.
CONTEST ALERT! The 200th person to like our page gets a #FREE copy of "Children's Songs for #Therapy"!!!”
{OPPORTUNITY} Alright all my lovely people!!! I need to know.... Who would like an opportunity to become an affiliate for my products...
Dear whoever signed up on my mailing list as "Crackow Stinkybits," Thank you. :) :)
I don't care what anyone says...Lesnar legit busted Cena in the mouth, was not an accident.
What the mind forgets the heart remembers"
RT I have the most amazing husband in the world! Love nights like tonight! Muah world! Sweet dreams!!
Headed to Denver on Friday for Among Friends Conference. Hope to see Denver Twitter friends there!
deadline is not until September.
thanks man. Good to meet you.
Margs and laying out with Mama Jen!
love that song!!!!
hope we can reconnect next week when we are in NYC.
I flipped my cig out of my hands :(
-Picks You Up-
Hearts for the Mets!!!! Keep it up boys!!!!
try to live in big city like NYC where people still live in 50 square feet apt. Find a vol. can be daily challenges
Just Dance :-)
Glad we didn't violate either of those!
No snow here! Come home!
Awesome #collcons event tonight. Thanks , , , , , — so inspired!
: Thanks for the RT Kyle. With our great SD weather, everyone should be outside playing! Have a good day!
thank you
Done and Done
On my way to Sports Club again at Crowne Plaza. BUR, I'm still smiling:). Going to my other hotel today. Quite the adventure here in NY.
Miss universe swimsuit contest
I knew I should have went to Mercy
Keep us posted on the overhaul. We're looking forward to seeing your new site! Have a beautiful day!!
I HATE
So cold outside today! Of course #Texas weather is far from the coldest but still - it's perfect for
camp still standing in Bruin Plaza. Activists doing great job with media!
Mayor discuss plans to bury I-5. I say let's use tolling to make this happen. I also believe we could simply remove it without burying it.
We just joined fellow #Seattle Dem LDs in support of no net losses of low-income housing at Yeslar Terrace.
Thought Leaders in Cloud Computing: Pradeep Rathinam, CEO of ...
I'm a pro at procastinating!
Don't start something you cant finish.
Action learning from hearing her pitch for engagement strategy.
I'll walk away from a situation before entertaining
if something actually did happen between us. what would stop him from cheating on me with someone else, you know?
I love teenage girls
They do around here
guess not. Have a great day at B1G T&F Championships, got beautiful weather for it.
Seriously, it's fantastic.
Save water.......drink beer!
Dead Hearts screening.
Long live Princess Cate, 20% off English teas to celebrate!
yep. Give me a sec
ours are next weekend! (not this one obviously since mothers day) lol ! and umm im not sure! hopefully (: !
followed:D
hey can yue follow me plzz
I hate looking at uncommented, unclear code. I keep thinking "wtf is going on here?"
Whipped them off when I read this! RT : Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
sory my iPod is being gay:/
Aight, Paul Pierce, Ray Allen, Kevin Garnett, Shaq, Rondo, Rasheed Wallace, Sam Cassell, Nate Robinson
I feel like is my sister
Ah - see, I think the better written YA novels I've enjoyed don't focus as much (if at all) on that aspect!
Was able to snag a couple of tickets for #sundance tomorrow! I live in SLC and it would be criminal not to spend some time there right?
LOL. I don't know yet. 70/30 against. I'll be running at least 7 hours this weekend, I'm sure.
last exam tmrw at 9am: Political Theory. home on thursday.
haha she really is !just makin sure you saw her view on
I'm sure I read that somewhere.
Neuroscientists are still learning when NOT to apply optogenetics-based strategies in circuit manipulation. Be question-driven.
I hope you find what your looking for cause later on down the road baby I might not be there waiting for you anymore.
. suggests taking #CFB out of academia to make a minor league.
come and see us soon then! :)
This will never be a civilized country until we expend more money for books than we do for chewing gum. Elbert Hubbard
#BOYFRIEND is on the radio!! Thanks to <33
thanks guys, will check it out :)
Just closed lined a bitch who tried stealing a mcchicken
I think I already do
Riffing on epic battle ideas today, my kids came up with Hydra vs. Barbie. Barbie would win, say girls. Why? "She has high heels." (duh)
thanks so much!
don't get mad at me, should of told the bus monitor that shit when she was talking that shit to you! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
These guys and their gay Twitter pranks.
I think he got tripped up by his own man.
yeah the on the go advantages of mbox&laptop, I used2 travel tutor and travel studio all the time, can charge more if u go to them
Thanks for the RT ! Have a cubby day!
Its so much that I ain't experienced...smds
UK to ban displays of cigarettes, tobacco in shops: All shops in England will be banned from openly displaying
2012 gaga's year... Gaga will be releasing a new album. Madonna won't be releasing a new album. How is it madonna's year too? No offense...
Mom: ok, I'm going to bed. Me: ok, let me change the sheets Mom: why? Have u been having sex in them?
Not an official deadline, but a self-imposed one. Trying to finish YA revision before SCBWI conf in late February!
...and don't forget the joker!
Oh how blessed I am!!
i really love this song :)
Another Rock station dies so News/Talk may live on FM: Cox's WHTQ (96 Rock)/Orlando is the latest, as WDBO goes to an AM/FM simulcast.
Approved to go to #tla in April! *happy dance*
Gotcha. How can I send them to you because I'm heading to school now? I have a few panorama shots, but none with the grass.
Got my Holga today. Watch out for mad snapper.
Obama certainly had fun hanging out with the 1 percent last night raking in millions
Up before the sun to celebrate the Son! Happy Easter everyone!
(follow me, I'll follow back)
please don't feel that way. Your posts meant a lot to me, and I am sure to others.
So cool!
I'm amazed at how our #fowd speakers can be powerful without being hokey or treacly. We have a "no treacle" policy.
i have your personal number lmfaoooo xD
Don't you just love it when you find the opposite sex lookalike of someone you know? Haha
What a crazy, busy day of photo-snapping! I had so much fun with everyone and can't wait to get all your pics done...
Lech Walesa and Mikhail Gorbachev reached out across the stage and shook hands #nobel summit 2012
I've got to make an appearance @ a retirement party, but then I'm in
I automatically delete all emails that start "Dear the librarian"
If you text a girl (who literally has zero feelings for you) just a number trying to imply something, chances are
Stay tuned!! xx
nothing better than kids. Especially when they are consciously showing you that they love you! It means you did something right!
have to get out of here and enjoy a little life today hope you can do the same!
Don't Forget
My Fingers Are Al Sticky XD
Coming up shortly Dr. Jill Ricke on on !!! Stay tuned!!!
RT : Keep Main Street alive: Shop #Downtown, Support #Independents, Support #Community. Keep Your Town Vibrant
LOL gay!! RT : miss you daddy!
#DirectionersAreDisrespectful we're fabulous.
Am busy writing in beats and clapping rhythms, as one often does when learning 20th-c music. "1-e-and-a-2-and-a...da-FOUR..."
Happy Veterans Day!
“: good luck! I'll keep my fingers crossed for yaa” thanks boo!! drinks soon!!
Hey Liam ! I LOVE You !!! -- Love your Surfer girl down here in Hawaii :)
Hey tweeps I'm selling 4 rangers tix in bleachers for 6-21 vs Astros face value is $15 each. Anybody interested? please retweet!!!
Fantastic dinner tonight Great to see you Thanks again and we'll be back soon Chef!
Fig & Olive crackers with quince spread.
TREE INFO- Don't forget to start culling fruits from fruit trees so they don't touch! This will help with worms, scab, general developement
Vegas tweeps- I'm thinking of abandoning my cable service and geting satellite or another service. What do you use alternatively? Thanks!
The big takeaway from last night's splendid / concert in Toronto: 's parents are awesome.
Hey Bella I know that you met Keone Young my dad is friend with him :))
Socks with sandals!!!!! One of my biggest pet peaves!!!! No time!
Don't you have pie?
Dog days are over.
All students of all colors (not just green$$$) deserve a better education! Children living in poverty need & deserve better!
greens , rice & neckbonez
David Hall, CEO of CMTA cmtausa.org: People with Charcot-Marie-Tooth #CMT across country should get involved in the fight www.cmtausa.org
THE CONVO'S ME AND IS HAVING RIGHT NOW ON SKYPE DOE >>>>>>
and open a can of marinara sauce and drink it with a straw while i put pea pods in between my feet :)
It's Beastie Boys all day in the cart today.
the beauty of a women must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides.
Cant decide whether I want to stay natural or relax my hair. Im torn
I may have just gotten a new job for a new A&E series as a c47 wrangler.
“: We love Chicago's growing craft beer scene. If you can it, we'll carry it! We proudly carry Finch's Cut Throat,.
Man I wish I was riding with you today!
good luck gurl if you go to pro!!! Crazy b* tches jst do it for the win! Buh don't let it get tu yu!:)
#ADay was way too intense but now ready for some #HungerGames !!
oh I am awful! I've been writing some of my turns because my iPhone screen is too small to draw things like Bruce Lee haha
Martha : "..like Harry Potter." The Doctor : "Oh, wait till you read book seven. I cried."
KIT digital Introduces Integrated Multiscreen Entertainment Solution With IBM Smarter Commerce
out of the 2 on the court for KU if u cant get a shot off he has to go to bench
I told and he ran off to look it up. I'd like to hear I Wanna Dance with Somebody. Fleet Foxes has a cover of it out there.
"They shall know that I am the LORD their God,...that I may dwell among them: I am the LORD their God."~Exodus 29:46
On the circulator to #Georgetown with the dumbest group of tourons ever, they are going to Georgetown Cupcake of course.
oh u aint kno? I'm a Maintenance Man.. I'm about to be in LA fixing that plumbing
I was ready to ask Buck Showalter last night when he might make a move on Guerrero. The future HOF is on the bench tonight.
Hey SWEET CAROLINE!.... BUM BUM BUM!
Will Do!
I Had To Close The Curtain A Couple Niggas That's Why I Only Fuck With A Couple Niggas
i'll pay anyone to read this chapter in mythology for me
Another long pass | NU in red zone again | Sack ends third quarter |
To the Yankees with my Yankee-loving boys. I just want an exciting game, a good look at Nova -- & a steak sandwich.
Nine days of school left
Dim Sum with Aunt Julie and Sarah in Chinatown!
Only 6 two-bedroom homes remain at BLU!
have you seen any interesting startups in turbomachinery / manufacturing?
me: "just chasing the dream." you: "yeah, just chasing the dream?" me: "yeah." you: "yeah..."
that was my friend who wrote that to taylor swift. she doesn't have a twitter btw
Join The Tritonics at the East Town Market on Tuesday, July 26! You'll be treated to some reggae vibes!
I Wouldn't Either, I Would Love It If Was My Big Brother :)
LiLLiES in #WoodleyPark just a block from the zoo has an excellent lunch menu and a wonderful atmosphere. Check us out!
BOY AM I FULL!
Off to with #waitingforlefty !
how about fleury goes in goal for the #Pens #Sabres game! please!!!!
There is no telling how many miles you will have to run while chasing a dream.
I need you for the June Santo party.I have the hair and nails covered,need your skills for the outfit and makeup!
Use your smile to change this world. Don’t let this world change your smile.
wtf?! How.does that even happen? Weird. Miss you woman!
This will be the real est shit I ever rote free my brother bitch
": I really need Miami!!" Hm
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU AND HAPPY 16th!
omg how was it!!
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter to get inside deals and news!! Share with your friends so they can "like" us too!
Is it possible to come to a majority consensus on the best song ever in the world?
whenever I see corgi, I think of you!
But, that doesn't mean that many people actually read those tweets. It's the *potential* audience size. 2/2
Waking up to ur parents screaming is annoyig af.
the greatest places in the known universe are actually here in KY! I'm sure it's scientifically proven! :-D
Cheese and Wine Pairing class tonight with Taste Cheeses at the Andaz Hotel. 6:30pm. Cheers!
They downstairs making pancakes. Watch who offer me one? Nobody lol
I wonder if any guy has even been jealous of my male friendships
Did 2 Chainz really say that on
When y'all tying the knot?
You only live once that's the motto baby #yolo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
YAY! SO happy to hear it!
My twitter skills are shitty
YES to magic! RT Oh that I could deliver RGB (aka magical hangover cure) to all of the people of the world.
"We need to be part of the conversation, we need to be part of the voice of America" - Nely Galan Latinos shouldn't marginalize themselves
Yes sirs! We expect lots of vintage-ey pictures of Dave topless while you guys are on the road. Holla!
TCGD... Perfect buying opportunity!!! Slap the ask!!!
#ThirstyThursdays right now !
Great day bouncing around Nob Hill and stumbling upon the Earth Day festivities with the wife & puppy
I don't think it was a coincidence!
When life hands u lemons... Squirt it somebody's eye. <U+2602>
been playing indie games of late
Congratulations to on your #PerfectGame and your mention!
Thats what i like to hear, get it done Big Game James :3 Its on the table, take it!
Heading out to Phoenix!
If you can complete each other's sentences, you'll eventually just stop talking. Someone who challenges you will bring lifelong adventure.
dare you not turn up at the weekend you Toons!
frank sinatra and coffee <3
Gotta make some changes
I truly want a job with a passion because I dont wana rely on other people for money, especialy my mom.
Let's have a fruitful week!!!
are you ready for #Fringe S4 finale? Wouhouuuuuu
Good morning! White Sox play Seattle today at 1:05 at Camelback ranch!!
Book is coming!
Pat D talks Sports coming on up...
Thanks for the follow ! Would love to chat once we find a drummer and can start playing shows again
Look, I'm no George W Bush fan, but I don't get the hate over him naming his cat Bob. It's cute! That cat probably thinks its people anyway.
Vice is its own reward. It is virtue which, if it is to be marketed with consumer appeal, must carry Green Shield stamps. -Quentin Crisp
Is it Friday yet?
where is the game being shown?
Hit-Girl is my motivation.
You're welcome. Thanks for noticing! me too!
We don't bite, (much). We promise! RT: that's quite an imposing list of artists.
hey I gotta try that one would be a good one
I disagree. They shouldn't play baseball in Toronto either? Or football anywhere warm?
#traveltip always check the hotel room 2x before you checkout!
... stay tuned for new album and first show in the fall. Shanna is healing fast, should be back to banjo soon. that's another story....
our pleasure Tori! truly looking forward to it :) i'll be in touch soon when things settle down a little :) ~john
For those in Madison, I will be back on October 19 to present my new book at the Wisc Book Festival at Overture Center.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
sorry I just had to.
TransAtlantic pipeline - biggest env disaster in 2002 that never happened: 7.9 EQ and not a drop of oil spilled -Applegate
Who to cheer for on this one or I don't care for either of them.
What You Should Know About Real Estate Valuation
I cracked my freakin iPod screen !!!!!!
hey wat u up to today
Hi Joy. It's been busy but productive. How about you?
Warhol Campbell Tomato Soup canvas makes me hungry I grew up on that soup RT : Just two more days to see "Picasso to Warhol"
#3wordsthatwomenhate you're so moist
he never ate that kumquat!
Life and it's daily bullshit doe.
Get those Heaters checked out for this cold weather!!
thanks frank! We will discuss how to make teachers better and students more successful without ever talking about content!
did you move and not tell me?
45 mile ride today. Let me just say this, the wind is just mean. Rotating pace lines to try to hold 12 mph. Ridiculous. Still had a blast.
- Good! I wanted you guys to do something different.
Don't bunt, please don't bunt
Hey, ReRe you see did sang you a special Bday wish! #LuvMeSumVickie//Thanks , Life is Beautiful!
Liturgy at was great tonight. Long, fun day... ready for the farmer's market, homework-ing, and King Khan tomorrow
when KD came Doc said he gives us 2 players so AB can play the SG. My momma can pass n handle better than KD. didnt work at all
RIP Whitney Houston
HBD Lincoln wish ya all da best
Glad you like it :)
So thirsty. Omg
I do not think so!
check your facebook messages please ! It`s important (:
Glee should write in the Crawford girls! Female version of the Warblers-yes! Girls were cute esp 3 on the end. Do they sing?
#IfIHadThePower I'd stop #police from hassling people and get them to protect and serve-- their original purpose.
Gave The Feed Zone Cookbooks to three different friends as gifts. All have raved about them! Thanks !!!
#NHL Hockey, like #INDYCAR Racing, must be seen live to be truly appreciated.
SAME I'M ON PAGE 30 ITS STILL NOT HERE
please do... Been through 2 piano players already #catscanthackit! Enjoy the road!
I love 's quotes :) it's amazing!
I hate being home
Okay watching Real Sex on HBO really makes me want to do it in the mud.... srsly.
I'll never let you down.
Do you have a favorite food truck here in SD? Why not show them a little love and write them a Yelp review telling the world how great...
love black too!
ah I'm sorry!!!!! Tell everyone I miss them!!
Hello, buzz
Latest on Randy Moss?
Excited for my shoot with tomorrow.
Just had 3 glasses of green juice that I made with kale, cucumber, celery, parsley, ginger, apple and lemon. The best snack in this weather!
u said baby daddy lol
My father is enjoying his retirement and decided to write a blog...let's just say Dad's participles be dangl'n!
Happy Birthday to your MOM..al her fan sites are GEEKED and doing their individual SHOUT OUTs..u can hear it around daworld!
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love>3 xox1
Bout to go hit the left arm a lil tonite
Taking some time this morning to catch up on our connections we made at the Home Show! Did anyone else make it out there?
Sb halloween was a success! Dont remember a lot but of what i heard i had a great timee.
I'm thinking Mavs and Bulls in the finals... ha... Uranium I said it lol, no heat
Any #Rockies fans have extra shirt given out at game Friday night...I'll trade ya subscription to Mile High Sports magazine
Thanks for the mention, Ed!
A museum in New York City may b interested in doing a teen program on the Rostam comics. Do u have illustrators in the city?
ANN BOOM!!! Let's go to the final four!
Heard you been rockin' the beast shirt. Can I score a photo?? AAAHHHH!! Amazing game!
That's great! Thanks for sharing your views with us!
- Welcome! I like your work! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Shorty is infatuated after how niggas tossed her salad
Nick Punto, your scrappy defense made me like you. Your choice of "In the Air Tonight" as walk-up music made me love you.
totally praiseworthy!
for now I'm show-free til next month, starting tomorrow i began my honeymooning for a week and then back to recording.
I’m giving more speeches on “Miamitude” these days so let me know if
Would kill to see that. RT : Oh man. The debate moderators are about to lose it.
hi Rick just received word Step Gaye passed away. Heart is heavy.
im still me.RT if ur really bored n slpy.
thanks for the nice compliment! We are glad to have helped.
Thanks for an evening of amazing music!
Woah hubspot! If all the startups in Boston start acquiring each other, you guys know you won't be startups anymore right?
Read an E Book Week starts March 4. Good deals to be had!
HOT #producer be da 1st 2 murder some new sounds and styles send me ya emails and lemme send u sum
Screw this, ima be a hobo.
Unfrick'n believable! #Come ON!!!
What makes me happier than a new tour? Seeing that they are announcing a date in NM soon. So excited!
Just saw both the #Charliesheen commercials for direcTv and Fiat. Guess he really is winning!
While I feel pretty strong on most machines , but today I tried jogging and thought my lungs were going to burst. Day15
On my way down to hear talk about Obj-C at Nothing like learning from an original NeXT instructor...
I dont know how i Deal'd with all the ish i have been through.Probably laughter and sex...which became another problem lmfa
The pursuit of serenity and happiness is by feeding our soul
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X11
So Raven Symone has come out of the closet, and why is that news?
So excited that my extended weekend went well... Hopefully next weekend will go even better!!•|• fingers crossed... :/
I DONT HATE ALEXIS HE IS SWEET AND NICE HE DID NOTHING TO ME!!!
I get unlimited female attention
im just bored aha
Let's Go BUCKS!
Oktoberfest specials all month long! Come and enjoy a 32oz Maas of our Oktoberfest for only $6.25 and pair it with some Bavarian Strudel!
Just found a lost dog......we miht keep him he doesn't have a collar and nobodies around
that's the nicest thing anyone has said to me all day <U+2665>
yeeee buddy use that blue belt magic
remaining optimistic that missing balloonists Richard Abruzzo and Carol Rymer-Davis will be found.
Love that show RT : Trying to watch #FirstTake but I am so sleepy!
So much for the new years eve party my bf just passed out :/
We find this to be so true: RT : "What entrepreneurs need most isn’t knowledge. What they need is the ability to evolve."
I heart Catcher. My daughter is totally fine with "pretending" to be the bad guy. *hangs head*
Much Aloha ! Eat Well.
the only one who got, got last night was you and the miz truth and that just a preview of whats gonna happens on survivor serie
reasonable doubt
Loves life leavin for school in... 5 weeks : )
I will find you. And I will fuck you.
Reading a great book called the spirit walk.
Video Upfront conference in New York. Looking forward to kickoff.
Remember the children during the holidays by donating to Toys For Tots. You can drop off a gift at the Dryden Mansion @ 59 Lincoln Park.
life is good.
sometimes it's best to ignore those brittards. I think mercury is in retrograde or some shit...they're extra dumb lately.
and NBA fantasy ends, I get 3rd place. 3rd place! 3rd place! 3rd place! not 4th as it was in Semi-Pro
I think I would be good living alone , I like my own space ! I would need a hustling ass roommate , so we can make shit happen !
Waiting for my voice lesson to start. Its been a while since I've been here. prayers appreciated :)
Went bowling with my pops! Father-Daughter time!
Just saw your post & noticed you are an A-Phi also. Very cool. AOE.
I know nothing about hockey but I'm watching the Rangers game. Playoff time is exciting.
Yes! RT : thinking it might be a great idea to have a #JackDanielsParty on Saturday, add Poker... and scantily clad servers ;)
Attended the Expo and entered a lot of drawings for a prize. Bring lots of business cards and go to every booth. Lots of freebies!
I totally agree.
Early voting in the Clerk's office available until 5P today. Can't make it? We're open M-F from 8A-5P next week and 10A-5P next weekend.
RIP MCA from the Beastie Boys....
“: “: I love Only five more weeks! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+E328><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>”>>> I can't WAIT until the wedding lol”>>>here you go lol
holla He might be interested
certainly! Email
Speaking of which, did he perform Forever?
wow, Moments.... I thought I could trust you... You are just as deceiving as time.
good look... I was raised here to.
LaHair had his 7th homer of the season today, improves average to .396. We gotta send Smoak back to the minors
All Saints' Day marks 5 years since I joined the I'll file this decision under "Good Choices".
haha my bad about fort homeboy didn't hear u
free beer, pizza.....maybe some smoothie king!? I recommend everyone following and playing the game!!
We have all the technology in the world but I can't get a stupid blu-ray to play. Thank goodness for Netflix.
Holl-a if you are going to the Spring Backer Show!
so i finally got up and got dressed now only 10 million other things to do
RT : Just noticed there's no William Dean Howells in the Just the essays on James and novel-writing.
Puma Apparel Women's Performance Cat Tank Top
10 more tweets left till my 200th tweet!!..
contest? celebration? what?
A yellow light means speed up, Not slow down. (;
how can a JOB SITE EVER discriminate against the unemployed!! I search DAILY w/no result - ITS STILL HORRID OUT THERE!!!!
Great workshop today. N.C. Digital Heritage Center and really know their digital projects!
very interesting
I hope that the pain and sadness will ease with time in the hearts of those suffering losses. Forever grateful. Never forgotten. 9/11/2001
Anxiously awaiting feedback.
Have a back to school pic to share? Post it here or on the Facebook page and we'll use it tomorrow on Sunrise!
Nothing much! You?
3A KingCo fastpitch tourney starts today, trimming five teams to four for next week's Sea-King tourney
Just left pepper jacks. The fat buck tooth bartender gave horrible service. Guess her chit chat was more important.
Now Playing: "Big Quippin' (Barry's Theme)," Music From and Inspired by A&E's Storage Wars
Suns out guns out baby!
RT Tornado warning in Toronto??? tell to stop messing with HAARP <- Why give Obama credit for Gods power? Isaiah 29:6.
an Obama chia?! What the heck were they thinking?!
Do you have a phone number you can DM to me? I would love to speak with you further. Thanks --MM
"Hate" is a strong word... Mean it when you say it.
Janeane Garofalo is my favorite character
is on February 29th so she can only celebrate her bday every 4 years. Wouldn't that suck? Haha
Pop/acoustic/rock/country... You name it, they'll play it! Zach Wade & Dan Harvey tonight at 9pm #Milwaukee !!
I am thoroughly enjoying the #ShakesPalin twitter meme
Kevin im sick and a tweet from you would just make me fell so much better love you <3 cant wait for new jonas music!
Starting daily battle with #ATT. Will it be the 3rd missed appt in 4 days? Probably, since no one can confirm it. the WORST!
aww no fair what time you off
Woke up with the worst bed mate ever: my hangover
if your not dateing a cheerleader you have to raise your standards
its thje alcohol id blow it off he doesnt drink that much just tell em ur his girl and accept apology the alcohol
hate 2 get irritated/nasty on my b-day & everyone has the right 2 say what they want, but some NBA players need to STFU already
I hate you so much. I wish you would go the hell away!
Water based ginseng extract if you want to boost your immune system only. If you have allergies, alcohol based extract is best :)
Do you agree? A good leader hires the right people to do the job
Another VO from Pittsburgh, I followed you before thanks for the follow! #voice-overs #voice over
Someone set the fire alarm off in our building and I've never heard something so loud in my life
now I'm good lol I went too HAM last night.
Is your dj tonight at Haven lounge along with adam foster
no problem. I just sent you an email. Looking forward to hearing from you man!
I assume that's the mugshot?
I eat my gummy bears two at a time, so they don't have to die alone
Alright kids I have a dumb question. What does "tbh" mean!?
| I'd also look at the April 5 archive.
We will be on after the Sounds. They're playing a 7-inning game. Should be on close to normal time, barring extra innings.
he was just playing coy before he asks you to fi... just read the last tweet ;)
Just discovered it, so I thought I'd check to see if this was a known issue before submitting a ticket. Thanks!
I just finished a 4.00 mi run with a time of 38:08 with Nike+ GPS.
Whatever you do ,work at it with all your heart , as working for the Lord ,not for men. Colossians 3:23
West Coast club tour starts June 7th...hardest decision for me is deciding if I'm ever comin back or not
ima be gone for about 2 mnths you'll better write me when im gone.
2012 film watching! #14. Insidious (Wan, 2010). Good little horror film. Creepy images, and decent scares. Horror fans should like this.
Being silly wit my brother
ADV ENG I: When reading Wuthering Heights look at the words Bronte uses to intro the character's dialogue. On pg 5 Heathcliff "growled."
THANK YOU !!
Can anyone explain to me why shows Chris Mathews twice? Why not give Dylan or Martin the slot? Re-runs in prime time really?
lol aw you all hot & bothered
Most awkward, funniest day of my life..
Be sure to close out your parties by tonight - 11:59pm EST, so your Hostesses and customers qualify for this week's After Party Awards!
Awesome to see what the New York Giants are doing to the Packers today.
My freaking hair is gone. Two weeks before I go to philly. I need my mom
Prycilla; making everyone's lives better since 5 minutes ago.
Let the boil begin. The raspberry vanilla wheat beer is now in progress. Next update at after the hops are added.
Where are you?
#idontlikeyoubecause you let me down too many times before
Does anyone know where I can get a new lease on life? The one I have isn't working ou...:
is true
Just found mad lint toe-jam in between my 2-month-old's toes. Where's he been walking?! Clearly, I've been missing some spots at bath-time.
they haven't been set out yet though! Give em a min.
I'm off of hwy 50 just east of I-94. I'm by Verlo. Are you going to drop by?
Justin Bieber's voice went from sounding like a girl to some creepy dude.
Previewing the new temp site, loving it, excited for the wireframes for the real one.
One of the worst breakup lines: "Were to alike" .....translation..... "You bore me."
thanks, I really do need it! Have an excellent day!
Don't miss Peter on Primetime today at 4pm PT – calling in LIVE from THE PLAYERS Champ to talk UBC!
we will get them Thursday
I'm going to get so much heat for this...but I still don't have a smart phone..
When I lost my dear friend of 16 years I said I would not own a dog again...too much pain. Then I met Fancy!
Shut the fuck up RT : You kno what that means, big feet.. Big socks
Never had a bloody nose in my life & all I do is get then now!
Dang, why show California dairy commercials in WI? Hey Callie! You have sun, stars, and California rolls. Let us keep our dairy title.
How do they get those jerseys with names already on em right away?
"I make my own luck" -every single movie, ever.
Cheating is like eating fast food : You do it, you enjoy it and then you feel like shit.
#TheVoice - I don't think Juliet has been picking the right songs. She should have sang Janis Joplin, Joan Jett etc...
#AaliyahsAirplanePlaylist Track 1) Young Blood - The Naked and Famous
Ugh. How quickly momentum can shift.
Don't ever give lil Ceasars
well how about stirring up a little controversy with a good question
Going to be because it sure looks like it to me ! !
Thanks, Mary! I consider it to be a huge honor. Really excited!!!
is cracking an actual whip too severe?
Omg another Grand Slam by Joyce? Are u kidding me!
BA new pic my friend. Fingers crossed that we both feel better tomorrow!
twitter's getting boring!!!!
How do u get these lol
cool bc I need to see you! Its been forever!!
Why is everyone else so much prettier than me? :(
sorry but you're not important anymore.(:
Congrats to for being the 500th follower! She has won a FREE copy of the upcoming EP, "Pink Balloon" Stay tuned evry1!
RIP Pizza Island.
jamming to One Direction<U+2665>
Did you know cruise ships have datacenters ....very interesting & never thought about that before
What operating system and browser are you using?
I had forgotten who I gave my 13,600 tweet for like two seconds lol >.<
dude foreals i feel you on that one.
I love your bio :D its amazing xx
Do you see all actors/actresses as connected to parts they have played, or only some of them?
I'm going to sleep
Jackie Brown is one of my faves!
Ha! Tilt head down & to side, then slice. RT : I can do that. We have a Grilled Hanger Steak here, so I have knives.
- TY, we leave soon! We'll give everyone a hug from you.
May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, so by the power of the Holy Spirit you may abound in hope.
changed the @ to
have a few- what r u looking 4 specific? What r u giving? Thx
almost caught your drumstick when you played with Jon Paul Jones and Ben harper, bonnaroo superjam '07
Fantastic happy hour deals for #mlb opener tonight! Come in and find out!!
"it's such a nice day, let's go to the park!!" - literally every new yorker, today
writing new ones while wearing my #sellout t-shirt.
like she doesnt do anything to anybody nd for them to just pick on her for no reason is not cool. people are so childish
Package deals Jan/Feb w/ Christine Kromer Casting Director of LIGHTS OUT, TREME, & IN TREATMENT + Kevin Kuffa, CD of Law & Order CI.
Well..there's another tweet I deleted rather than send.
Let me know if you're missing any of the New Frontier books and I will happily send them your way.
so bord wiff jared and my bro ;)
i love this!!!
why am I not getting them
Obama announced he is Pro-Gay Marriage. What are your thoughts? Should gay and lesbian couples have the right to get married?
Heading to the Greater Madison Chamber of Commerce Business Expo 2012 tomorrow? Stop by our booth and say Hi!
right on man! One more hour!
Whhhheeewwww!!! I'm finally home! Hope your week started off right! LOL ;) :)
RT : NO! Loved him. RIP Junior Seau.
This gym thing would be a piece o cake if I weren't 42, overweight, out of shape, & smoked a 1/2 pack a day. Piece ... o ... cake.
If that were the only thing, maybe. But separate from that, I can't even order from UK based sites like I was just trying to do.
Wtf. My moms making moaning sounds.
thanks! Haha but it's not my bday today :p I was just curious but I'll RT that on my bday(:
Thanks for following us, Amy!
Gotta hit free throws, gotta keep them off the offensive glass.
Great Thanksgiving dinner with the family,<3 Black Friday tonight with the momma!(: Can't wait for the great deals.(:
Jesus RT “: Rochester fd is going for a jumper on the main st bridge by the convention center. #ROC”
Those #kobes are so sick...I need them.
Noeleen: sometimes you should pick an average joe/jane so people can relate to them...and they generally need to be easy to look at.
Man, alone, has the power to transform his thoughts into physical reality; man, alone, can dream and make his dreams come true.
hey! this is & i got twitter limit. this is my 2ND account. i'll send u the links to LIKE now :)
oh :L
Hey OWS shit stains. I not only went to work today, I went to 2 different banks and conducted business...go fuck yourselves you LOSERS!!!
read about ball players showing less effort then they used to..or do we just put them on a pedistal- can't they have an off day @ work too?
So what will our next Ragnar be? The Miami to Key West looks fun--ultra or regular.
In Cincinnati, but we ship all over the country. Even with shipping costs we still beat the competition. We are on eBay as well.
Just went on a long walk to end this beautiful day! What did you do today to MOVE YA BODY?
While we are postponing, life speeds by. ~ Seneca
My heart is so sad. We lost a beautiful, soulful voice today. God Bless, RIP Whitney Houston.
#EndangeredSpecies are you out there? Hope to see you at my album release concert tonight #USC Bovard Auditorium, 6:30 -
Thank god for Friday.
Maybe it depends what you mean by stupid, but most people are reasonably credible observers/arbiters of their own interests.
Bout to get balled huh?
So like why is there still not an H&M in Lansing...
Happy Halloween!
Wants to thank all of you for making us the #1 florist in the Houston Press for readers choice "Best of Houston 2010"!!!
point and shoot - i have a dslr that I love, but I need something for on the go. Heard good things about Cannon or Nikon.
"Where do you keep the 'tamed' jalapenos? You are a sissy." - , looking for my - nevermind; it's self-explanatory, isn't it?
Excellent Godfather reference.
Since the cold war, we have moved from mutually assured destruction to mutually assured competition- Richard Fisher
well do remember everyone's impairment xD I'm sure they will realize what they have left soon enough
Don't let the blue sky fool you. It's supposes to rain at 7 :( Don't forget your umbrellas!
Receive my monthly newsletter 4 info on healthy lifestyle, new delicious foods, healthy easy recipes, & stress reduction-laurengoldstein.com
I love Tyson Chandler...
M4 Mini Movies showing on Thurs. at 6 pm @ SECCA. All videos are being screened. Some out and see what folks can do with an iPhone! FREE.
You're messing with my head, boy that's what you do best </3
There's still free candy available at College Library (although people are hatin' on the Bit-O-Honey candies).
I.LOVE.YOU. <3
you were awesome on E! news today! So glad to get to see you. I have direct tv so they suck with the no g4 thing.
Watching family guy.
Heading up to Duluth Minnesota. For a month!
Life is far too important a thing ever to talk seriously about. -Oscar Wilde
Can't love those two things and not mention pancit!
Did anyone feel like straight crap when they first started paleo?
RT : Can't hate on the #clipshow cuz habitually losing is still better than being mater dei.
The #Heat are VERY good at falling down on their own.
Tom Smedinghoff at #idtrust, who chairs ABA Identity Management Task Force, notes requirements for business/tech rules & legal rules
Good evening everyone! lovely day at the beach, think I have a sunburn ;) now a storm is moving in quick, back to work :)
Why would it be a problem for someone to sleep? Q3
I know, the photos are so gorgeous, whether roast beef or braided leather sandals...
#SongsMenShouldntWorkOutTo Let's get physical.
Two brilliant moves that helped create the Apple iOS powerhouse (Dalton Caldwell)
Still waiting on tickets.
What's the best way to submit an idea for your blog? I have a retail client that posts Facebook coupons. Thanks.
Be careful she might take your icon! LMAO!!
Entrepreneurial Lesson #12: Want to get your project off the ground? Get your ass out of your chair!
The only sophomore in my gim class...it sucks.
Hey #giants fans now you can play #fantasy football against #oj Anderson W.legendsfantasyleagues.com
baby make that ass clap, <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0090>
Gotta wrk during the day Sat. but that night or Sunday I'm free. Watchin a movie at Joel's w/ drinks Friday night too. Come!
Ha! Always happy to RT something that's a RT of what we publish on We hope the journal relates to your work.
you're pregnant?
I stuck my dick in this game like a rapist, they call me slim roethlisberger. #eminem<U+2764>
Tried out the new chant tonight! #SouthCitySyndicate loved it! Maybe it can turn into chant!!
shut up I'm jealous lol
Twitter is the perfect medium for marketing folks. G+ doesn't work as well for that. I haven't seen anyone selling anything.
- I was just thinking about you this morning, so I sent you a facebook friend request. I hope you don't mind. :)
All the better!
The consensus is (meaning my mother says) that it is the stress in concert with my feast or famine eating and lack of sleep. And not a bug.
Can't wait to come home and help edit our music video
Idk if u should say Awesome or Oh No ..
oh yea couldnt forget you;D!
Reading with Andrea White and illustrator Bill Megenhadt at 2pm at the small children's tent.
Its friday & I'm pretty... Come on.. Did u REALLY think I aint have no plans???!!!!!!
Triunfo Park was even more desolate...headed to Berniece Bennett Park, try our luck there...
Currently experiencing "hair temptation". The devil wants me to dye my hair red. #butIRebukehim lol
Congrats to for an amazing year. Incredible to think that 11 starters return next yr. Todays tears will fuel next years passion.
thank you! I would never offend them! I love the show! Yep I tweeted it to Dana & she retweeted it, which made my day! Thank u!
“Well I Went To Sleep In Jersey…Woke Up In ABQ.”
Very cool pix!
At Grand Opening & Ribbon Cutting for member Ralphs supermarket on Sports Arena Boulevard in San Diego. Beautiful new store.
What You Up Too??.
The Magic of March
Yea u was thinkn the rite way lol
Ordering new bull stickers--what colors should we select?
lol because I can read emotion right?
We are off to see the #Avengers in a bit. Can't wait. I can't wait to see what they did with the Hulk.
Great point - I didn't even think of that. If they are going for generalizability, there's no reason not to go random.
My Chemical Romance makes me think about . Always.
I fucking hate waiting on other people
#MayweatherCotto does 1.5M buys for $94 million. Impressive! But keep in mind this is 1 of 4 fights #boxing fans will buy all yr.
@ Paris today!
jsst give me HEAD :) ,NO straps .. lls
so your a cowboy that hates snakes? um
I hope ABC uses it's influence to discourage my home state of MD from increasing its minimum wage to 10.00/hr
Holy mother of hotness. It is so toasty in this classroom.
HA! that Ramos hit in garbage time just won me my Yahoo! league.
Just got back from the homecoming dance. shoulda been ther!
At a workshop learning how gets an unheard of 8% engagement rate on fb! Higher than Lady Gaga
happy badly you're the best love you and hope you have a great day
Who wants to play a show?
Hello to the 3 new lovely fans I gained today! Xo! ! !
Having your flight delayed sucks :(
Thanks for the RT!
oh ok
not your juicy?!?!
Gotta love hectic mornings.
I finished my scarf tonight. Honestly how old are we?
It seemed like Denise's storyline ended without the audience seeing closure.
I ain't religious so they say i have no faith, but i believe in myself so thats ok.
HUGE World Cup Friday Starting at 7am with Brazil VS. Portugal. At 11:30am is Spain VS. Chile and at 6:30pm Brazil VS. Portugal (re-aired)
thank you!! We will definitely do our best!
guys have a Question How can I do account has been disrupted here in Twitter?????????????
Order sent to Sabrina in NJ!
let hockey trip 2012 begin! 'canes/cryers now & pens/craps tomorrow!
Thank you Jess :-) It's the least I can do for a lady as nice as you! Xoxo
Actually, my last post was not my final edit of This Is Not an Exit :) I wrote a new introduction. I will update it soon.
I'm broke right now lol I'm tryna hold out till like Monday
RT : round 2? I might have come out< #RogerThat !!
Off to skate against East Coast Devastation. Hope the rest of the team shows up.
Impressions? If function_exists('funnel') { require once #linksy;}
Ctffup her forhead hella big neva be close up to the cam !!!!!
Thinking why the hell did i text you first...
ILL national code overview: not available means different things to different libraries
Reported shooting at #VirginiaTech prayers going out to those people, stay inside, keep you guys updated
because they are simply awful announcers
Make the best of today. One more
Dood. I'm watching Wendy Williams show. No shit, she just asked guest "How did u become a crackhead?" ... I need the block, too.
you meant "debris" should just schedule the late race caution and stop pretending RT : Caution. Debris T2
The fact this paper is over WWII<<<
LS: Jefferson had an Enlightenment vision, but it was a limited one.
Even more a creature of habit than I thought. Twitter flipping Tweets to right side instead of left is bugging me.
new camera? yup. (:
no more thunder!! finally right in LA again
Formula One: Ferrari must respond in Spain - Alonso
pinched sciatic nerve, hopefully the doctors can work some magic...
Holy Mother ! It's freezing nuts this morning !!!!
#Harvard sighting on TNT. 1st time the Crimson have been shown. They're about 40 minutes away from tip-off against Vanderbilt.
lol Who said this?
Chicago, is the most amazing city EVER! I LOVE it here!
time to shed my zotero n00bness.
I think they might actually be (wait for it) revenue positive. I know, that's a shocking thing to expect from a valley co.
Happy birthday on this Easter renewal day. You deserve some rest. hugs!
definitely... <U+FFFD>D
How can I help you today?
cool! I need to get back here more often.
#Cloverfield is on... that will do.
Call PaperJam Press!!! They are amazing and specialize in small-run/art prints. 503-238-5777 They do all my printing.
Do you have a Sakura dragon? You could try that with a Fog dragon, too. :) This game takes a log of patience, I've noticed.
"My Cuban cigar from Mexico!!"
If it abuts sidewalk, almost certain it's not w/in property line. Most Brookland front yards are technically public space.
Synchronicity in hyflex design is a challenge or an opportunity - a crisitunity!!
Are you enjoying our daily posts? Tell your friends to "like" us so that they can share in the fun!
Just watched the girl with the Dragon Tattoo, wow ! Great movie !!
is Sarah's family from Nebraska, I was thinking it would be Wyoming.
I love and You two brighten my life even though you make fun of me like crazy.
Their interior is not better. It equaled out. Niether team used the interior.
One of my fav films of all time is Star Wars. My mom made Leia's white outfit out of a sheet & I wore it every day after school. Don't judge
I don't think Brett Lawries not complaining is "normal"...
pep is still coaching
Just accidentally walked right up on a nasty, slimy toad, almost like the one in "Pan's Labyrinth" #eww-tastic -- Samantha Willis (…
U do what ya gotta, but I know u got #TigerBlood in your veins. Now all u need is to be wearing some black and gold.
Oh, hell, I even want a pair!
like literally fruit thats actually within arms length? or is this some kind of metaphor?
I hate word vomit :/
Was the KG foul legit? I didn't get a good look & TNT isn't showing replays per David Stern's request
all saints. new jeans. pala - vegan pizza. jenni4. babycakes. durian. wine & more wine. green beans and french fries. wine. missed train...
Cant wait to see tonight at Houston Press Concert Series!
#TEDxUSC Amy Jo Kim designer of non zero sum collaborative games where we all win; girls & older women fastest growing gaming demographic
- I think we should all get together and perform something, in that case... #performinggeniuses ;)
I'm lucky to be living in such a bike-friendly city.
RT : The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision - Helen Keller (via )
Not to mention I'm 80% from the 3 point line in that gym 4 for 5
& i don't give a fuck, bitch.
there's entertainers&artist#esperanzaspalding a natural artist the show was the vocals/instruments.bad ass vocalist an band.
LOOK SO CUTE IN YOUR DORM ROOM MUSIC VIDEO =)
Shopping with grandson Z in Billionaire Boys Club.
My god crooked went in on that freestyle
hell no! Watching the Rockets take it to em.
Shout Out to the Niggas that Cash they $400 McDonalds Paychecks and ask for $5's & $10's back so it look like you Ballinnnn
I'm hallucinating! I see little balls of sunshine in a bag!
Teachers' union considers legal challenge over free school assessments - The Guardian
if you really wanna do lunch.. Geoffrey's in Malibu.. Ah.. THE best...
reading Driven now and enjoying. Also loved Gutshot Straight by Lou Berney
"GO TO YOUR ROOM!" "You mean, where my tablet, iPod, and phone are? Okay.
Im back on my twitter shit..
I ran into a panda who introduce me to a lion.
RT follow me back
“One forgets words as one forgets names. One's vocabulary needs constant fertilizing or it will die.” -Evelyn Waugh
As early as 1913, aeronautics and circuitry programming inspired Girl Scouts to consider non-traditional careers.
I don't think so not sure though
Mission City Cat Show official Fiesta Event Saturday and Sunday Event Center . Viva Fiesta San Antonio
sounds romantic. have to look into doing that next time I go out that way :-)
At detour with my cousin Mitchell. Great end to the week!
ion know why u put money on them bro... I ain't bettin against the Heat till the finals
Debate over public campaign financing - Rochester YNN
Maria, you are most welcome. have a great day!
Only in Dallas....cutting edge 3-D technology is being used for breast augmentation. The story tonight on CW33 News at 9.
thnx! so many PM tools out there; trying to find one that will create good gantt charts & integrate well w/ MS products.
still haven't gotten out of bed...
Hitting the hard stuff again, huh?
lol he got back up
Just watch 's NEVER SAY NEVER! Its amazing. Love it!
kid! Can you PLEASE check out my purevolume and tell me what ya think? www.purevolume.com/NickMcCord just a local artist :)
Bilbo is so photogenic!
excited actually : )
The thing about working in the government: One day you realize that many of your sentences are mostly acronyms.
LOVED Catherine Tate on The Office!
Welcome to Massachusetts.
bro you clearly don't know me so calm that mess down
Woo Friday is here!!!!
In the studio putting together the ALS Association spots. Working together for a greater good!
Movie recommendation is Mo'Nique in "Precious"..happy mother's day
I sure hope so.
As long as you don't go YOU! Think that's trademarked, haha.
Haha. On the field, indeed. RT : The forecast for opening day is just more of the same.
This simple word jumble will give you 50% off when you come in today with it figured out. We'll let you decide if "ypsarrerb" is simple.
": On route to ATLANTA... Meet n greet today 3pm / REMIX:LIVE party tonight + Roll call!
Happy Friday!
Bigger homes mean less surveillance of domestic labor? I might want to think about that.
Looking at your best friend and laughing because you know what they’re thinking.
Casey Anthony acquitted? WTF?
Rarely do I yell at the TV for any other teams than the Packers/Brewers - Tebow in overtime elicited a stand up Heck yeah!
Whatcha gonna do when you can't say no & the feelings start to show?!
My Dad Told Me Once “All The Girls You Know Are “Whores” I Told Him That May Be True However They're In Remission.”
Troll Face wars with perfect distraction from english paper. #thanksalotyo lol!
When my mind is at peace, I am receptive to the inspiration of the Christ within, and I find a way out of every difficulty.
Nah... It's just the year where the little 3rd graders look at you like 'DAMN SHE'S OLD!' :-/ Normal... I look like (c.)
Can I just say I HATE allergies!!!! ugh
especially me
Goodnight world. Day has been fulfilling and love what God did at lakeview. Can't wait until next week
three way with lol
thanks for the RT!!!
Watched the #KCA and saw !!!!!!<3 #directioner for life!!! I love you guys!!!<3(:
“: Sunday school homework on Saturdays <<” my life.
YUCK, Raining SXSWet. Get ready ATX! For all the cleaning needs of locals, and our out of town guests, come to EcoClean! 24 hr turn.
Had a beautifully poached egg for breakfast thanks to tips from
Today I don't feel like doin anything(:
Dontcha just love that? Can't get my husband on Twitter either. Either way, Happy Anniversary - hope you're doing something fun.
Huhh, weather is bad today:)
screw the rules, i have money
Many are Called But Few Are Chosen...
Micro-Marketing’s riddle: Relationships are important; they require person-to-person communication. Why is it a marketing rarity?
Life gets better when you're around the right people.
Ok, it's #hachetteprev. Ready to go! And I know who the special secret guest is!
Sunday, 15th April - Charity Car wash and personal pizza while you wait for £5 at Dominos Pizza, Newark. Proceeds to
just finished "I like it". Guy whispers to his friend, "Now THAT'S rock and roll"
RT : 11:11 - Make A Wish is trending!!!(: that's so awesome!:D You guys are SO amazing! I love you<3
mom leaves for Fla tomorrow....so jealous!!!!
Don't you go anywhere else for jams, jellies, sauces & the most refreshing, succulent watermelon pickles you're gonna find at Mama's Pantry.
looking forward to a Simpsons with a Will Shortz cameo.
can do no wrong! Best night of the year:
This afternoon took an interesting turn after I did a Google Image search on "Poltergeist clown"
Full house indeed~! Loving it so far,is that JRT dng MF
Enjoy 4th of July weekend Las Vegas and when it's over don't forget vegaspressurewashing.com . You make the mess, I powerwash it clean!
In thaa train station, woah im in high school . :x.
#Mudcats? Scooter is a hairy beast like Skipper Bivins on #HillbillyHandfishin'.
What do you look for in a company when considering a move?
P.E.M.D.A.S All Dayy (Please Excuse My Dopee Ass Swag)
haha awesome. where you guys headed now? I'm good, busy practicing my musak skills :P
that sound better than my pre-bed planning. You win
Lost 3-4 to the best team in our district. Even pitched a ground out to a girl going to play at UT! So proud of everybody!
Hoping to someday do something as awesome and funny as did with Gary Oldman this weekend. This is why we donate to
Drinks with ....we gettin faded
When you put makeup on cause you think your goin somewhere but then your stupid mom says you can't go -_- I hate parents sometimes!
Linds great to see you as well!!! keep well and keep up all the GOOD!!!!!! :) TOGETHER we make this cancer world a better place!! :)
QoTD: "Without determination, you'll just end where you started." (Unknown)
I will get a job, start driving, go to the gym, focus on school, & STOP BEING LAZY.
FINALLY the WEEKEND! But we never stop working! Hire Mr. Chauffeur to (happily) transport you & your friends to the party! 630-363-9027
And then had Panera and Starbucks. Now me and have food babies <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I reached back like a pimp, and slapped a hoe.
Q4) Good question, but don't know!
#SignsAFightBout2Breakout on set of #MattsChance stay posted for a
Squee! I leave for Rome in 11 days. was just talking about introd. us. We can relive Italy memories. Have fun!
“May the bridges I burn light the way."
I swear it's 194672598 degrees hotter upstairs than downstairs. Couch potato tonight.
So happy to be a Bruin when I walk to class at sunset. Such a beautiful campus.
Hope you apologized to and the others whose day you ruined!
Thank you to the Roswell Challenge Girls for donating Brown Bag Lunches today at Egleston and Scottish Rite campuses!
Tech & Soc: John Augustus Roeblings °was one of the designers of the Brooklyn Bridge.
Things that are so awesome that they make us want to dance around the office: What a brilliant idea!
Sounds great! Children are so enjoyable!
hey I have heard that song Motion Picture by Future. I have it on a C.D lol. I like it waay better than the other song (:
; keep on dreaminn' even if it breaks your heart. <3
RT“: But i know i aint going to sleep no time soon.”
Use of games is overwhelmingly popular is encouraging social interaction in museums.
point of ped #transpo data: people like being by people. Safety. Parklets. Pretty maps and places. Infrastructure targets. Nice
What a beautiful vision <3
Note to at ... Custer took a stand, too, and that didn't work out so well
W. North Ave. around 3:30pm when shooting happened is VERY busy. Intersection w/ McCullough; there's a Burger King & a BP gas station there
pic please! Preferably with adam's grandma and tequila, thanks.
RT it never hurts to b different
oh yes, relaxation is fleeting so I try and embrace it and remember!
Happy 4th of July! Proud to be an American!
I have a cousin with chronic halitosis. Well, a distant cousin. Friend me on FB!
I don't NEED it but after 7yrs it would be nice. Really tho, I want someone to make me feel the way I need to feel. Otherwise it's just...
thinking about the relationship between narrative and practice in constructing identity. How do I make myslef American? Jewish? female?
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Palermo - Italian (live updates)
then don't put it up
Hung out with at Prohibition last night...yep I was the guy with the jacket tied around his waste #
My brother Is funny :)
"you guys sound the way I feel every day" been over 6mos but I still listen to 4lokomas to make my problems seem infinitesimal
haha I forgot that we conned you into buying a ticket! It should be a #shitshow for sure! You better be ready!
Time for a workout.
Financing a Foreclosure Purchase - NASDAQ
Is gonna go to Al's later??
“: Sick tired crying over it so fucking over it” Love u <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Got some crazy <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00B6>boys in my class
come on Unilever, these tweets are getting lame.
Shouldn't you all be entertaining me? Or, alternatively, fucking me?
Much like sex, it gets better with practice.
May I be your 2000th tweet? :D
*ugh* *cringe* You know I love Zooey. Although I haven't been able to get into her new show. I've been MIA, I know.
I'm off of work! Finally!!
Looking At everything and what I'm doing .. I feel good (:
Lk ur bks Tx 4 flwng FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
The actual producing, mixing, and mastering is hard work, harder than what I do.
Sorry everyone I didn't attend my big bro birthday party last night decide that I couldn't go for wat I did
Firstalert.com voice smoke/co2 on NBC.com this a.m. High 5 campaign. #smoke detection #fire #voice evac
The weather is ssoooooooo FINE . Followers ?
#10ThingIHate people wasting my time
Happy birthday (: Hope you're having a great day! <3
Morning rises on the final day of filming...
sometimes i feel like if everythings my fault. like if i'm the reason my parents fight 24/7, even tho they're not together.
That was fucking brilliant. Day (or life until the concert) has been made.
On my way to school I'm gonna fail this exam :(
Ugh, sorry! We have about two, but supposedly more is on the way. :(
Thanks for the follow back :)
it's the limit. brevity is a wonderful thing. :)
Nonprofit cultural institutions are eligible for CLIR Hidden Collections Award. Collections must be accessible to the public.
watching america's got talent
thank you so much. I really appreciate it. But I must say that the kids deserve the credit.
My interest in tennis has been on the downturn in 2012, partly due to falling form of favorite WTA Serb. Hoping RG re-sparks my love.
Big L fan?!
I think I've been pretty open about being TT and pre-tenure -- sorry, it wasn't meant to be a surprise. :-)
no buns? Just ball park franks lol
I hear you on that. Used to have guys upstairs that wrestled. I thought they would wind up in my apartment a few times.
I love my boyfriend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Another Earl Friday. So great to catch up, talk about goals etc. :)
awe, I definitely miss all 3 of you boys! good times. Hope to work with y'all again someday soon :) xo
Thank you for the #FF mention!
“: New Strokes song is very #solid” Classic Strokes. So Good
Re: testing out some goodies...So that's why was pushing me out the door today ;-)
Check my Bio out and subscribe to my youtube channel? I sing on youtube :)
Who is this kid?!? I hate him! -V
I think Tuesday is most hardest day of the week .
ur a weird dude did u know that but if ur not weird ur normal and normal is BORING ily <3
Yeeeeeessssss u better be watching & cheering for my #Packers lol
Ready to get out this house but these creatures named Parents wanna keep me held hostage all day :-/
Demi Lovato on Grey's anatomy <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Men do less than they ought, unless they do all they can. Thomas Carlyle
great talking to you! thx for supporting Philly / Wharton start ups!
i'm a thug so nothing will happen to me lol
My father passed away last night.
Can we say "deans list shawty"...lol
omg perfection
**We Shall Overcome.**
happy birthday brotha!
"I will not die but live, and will proclaim what the Lord has done" -Psalm 118:17
Poor cutomer service by #Delta sitting on the tarmac waiting for a ground crew to direct us in. Do they not know the plane is coming?
I had the pleasure of meeting with author Kimberly Ray "And Yet They Still Chose Me". A riveting story being made into a movie. You go girl!
how do I get info about the cruise? I am on the al/chuck site now, but nothing appears as far as details :-(
I need to get Catching Fire already xD I've read the Hunger Games a billion of times already.
Anybody Want A ShoutOut ? : D
The cop is my new favorite character. "If this was Comicon, I'd take a bullet for that kid." "I watch a lot of Antiques Roadshow."
The world is black; the world is white; it turns by day and then by night.
"Winter" in Maputo. 68 degrees and everyone has a jacket.
Don't you think Schwartz takes some responsibility in the culture of the team?
Great breakfast at #wheelerspharmacy the people there are so nice
Took my Vitamin Awesome, and washed it down with some Crunk Juice, now I'm retstago!!!
a pointless Myspace type site for creative people.
lol shit I tried that they told me nigga you stupid can't return nothing after 14 days
John Cho And Clark Duke Join Jason Bateman In The Identity Thief Melissa McCarthy also on-board.
I wish I had a date to prom
There will never be a better day for him to retire than today.
Sexting on Christmas is SO wrong. I love it.
mayonaise or miracle whip?
Recorder will be performing live at the Opolis - Friday August 20th...Also on the bill Chrome Pony
remind me to clean up. tomorrow ;)
i wanna be like mike
RT : This Thursday is our monthly Wine Tasting Series! 8-12 wines, Jazz & Appetizers, just $25/person from 5pm - 7pm on...
agree with Jenn! You're an amazing mom because your daughter is...she must get it from her mama <U+E056>
u tryna shed with us on thursday at carlos house?
Off to for some #Stickyballs and karaoke
learn how to spell. And leave alone! Haha. It's a reason it's name is that.
He Just Called Me Dumb .
if i ever get a hold of that girl she gone have my baby!! boy u home?
lol Awh /: but they're cuddly <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Still looking for some nice digs this summer? Second Porch is a Facebook apps that lets users rent vacation homes.
If I could just go beyond the sun where I can feel pain, where I could just fade away!!
#Genealogy Focus Group participants needed in Chi & NYC! Req: advanced genealogists - paying $175! DM me for more info
let me know the damage bro. :)
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
I'm so tired but today was good.
Well said, Mat!
infinity love tattoo on my wrist=)
Never fear a shadow... that means there is light somewhere-download- InSpotter app
Cats #1 BABY!
i miss you
56.9% of #engineering graduates in full time employment just 6 months after graduating, compared to 53.1% of all grads. Hard work pays off!!
Good guys finish last!
Who was the first man to decide it was appropriate to milk a cow?
that's right! I'm proof that you can fake smart haha.
#ThatMoment when your friend tells you he was shooting heroin on friday and you can't tell if he's being completely serious or not
Today's going to be a good day. Out with my boyfriend. ¢:
talking about the International Association Taxonomy (IAPT) for Plants. Taxon journal will appear in BHL soon!
Get over it...most of its not meant to be literal it's the culture of the game and has been like this for decades
Damn! #smh RT : i was gonna say. PF spot. i hear more may be dropping
Hi Kelly! I feel like I know you already, your name has come up so often!
Im so Hood and I love A Hood Biatch
score.I'd like to thank the people that made this possible, my mother who made me recognize this made up holiday god bless &g'night
Happy Valentine's Day! Celebrate the holiday by checking out the group show "Love and Other Cravings" at Touchstone!
getting murdered is a bad thing
Just recommended to a student studying for finals based on overhearing her phone convo about glitches, gold, & weapons
Its all in front of you...
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 20
EVERYONE PLEASE GO FOLLOW---> 4
people say you follow back but you didnt follow me??? :'( ........
What's good twitter peeps!!? Holla at us!!
You just got shout out from Uecker!
From Dumari Dancoes on Everyday Wisdom- "The World is so loud; Divine Guidance is subtle. You have to listen carefully to hear it."
ah the lengths i go to, to avoid working on my homework. remind me how I'm still getting a 4.0
Yes, please..Everything. Unless you sent the picture for it! You don't have to type it, can you just take a picture of 32&35?
Sure u want your team to win, but just as, if not more important, is ragging on that UofL/UK fan you hate at work, etc..
Watching #Boredtodeath waiting for carpet cleaners just got to the one with Mary Steenburgen was right she's def a #cougar!
Grow up.
those were deltas not
LOL! have you seen The Big C? This reminds me of the 1st season pool debacle. But you're not as grumpy as Marleen.
No one looks back on their life and remembers the nights when they got plenty of sleep. #c/o2012
Why do people always ask questions that they already know the answer to?
Apparently, after-party Oscar fashion > at-the-Oscars fashion. Pretty dresses FTW.
Fern Isle Park tommorow. Gonna start filiming with Steven, Dreon, Josue, Justin, Jancy, &Jen (y)
If a rabbit crosses the road, don't run it over with your car.
#Indy, trying to help 2 talented designers find a Graphic Design postion. 15 years+ experience for each!
Waking up at 7 AM and realizing I don't have school today. Relief!
Got a great outfit for tomorrow #PictureDay Last day of pictures this is for my favortive teacher to go on her back wall!!!
thanks for the RT! have a great day!
Pinterest Tracking Tool that strengthens personalization, identifies customer influence & monetizes activity....
Funny you say that, I'm literally watching a 2 hr. Foo Fighters documentary I DVR'ed. They're an amazing band
Holy bajeezus. Someone in Walmart looked EXACTLY like I was freakin out. The lady probably thought I was mental.
#NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead I would put justin bieber, but im waiting for his follow back. Not to be on his blocked list.
I shouldn't be allowed on any social networking sites....
I want my pic taken
Does Klout really matter?
I just logged into Youtube for the first time in weeks. I feel like I have no idea whats going on with all the changes ugga
interception. Didn't see it. “: I'm out. Good things will happen now. “: I wish would leave the room already.
definitely not <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
the zit growing between my eyes is the size of kansas ..
Joe, Joe! You're our man. If you can't do it, no one can!
What?? dis me? OMG!
RT : #thatawkwardmoment when you realize you still haven't gotten your #BrewCityStompDown2012 ticket...
Thanks Angela! We will reply to your email in a moment also! :-)
Merci pour le tweet de c'est page. l'article est très intéressant! Lol.
So many creepy ppl
Its fucked up.
I suspect it is factually incorrect.. You are many things, but that is not one of them.
Dr. Benjamin Carson is delivering the commencement address for Emory University
No. Mass was at 8:30am. He did tour the school with me yesterday though.
First dinner with my roommates. All of them are nice people. Start groovy learning then...
Reeboks Classics are back, huh?
I'm always representing!
Transit in Welland County Leads the Way for People with Physical and Mental Disabilities! How does your city fair in comparison?
Hospitality & Here We Go Magic. Should be kind of a laid back show. But if nothing else you could come drink, use a free ticket.
David: So far so good! I think we'll get a better idea of the totals a little later this morning.
Newsletter: Citywide Home Values and Sales Increase In Second Quarter – Reported by Real Estate Board of New York
I'm a big fan of the word brilliant.
I'm really starting to miss austins Ustreams.
Who is going to Penn Quarter tonight for TNT?
is this the one with Nana Visitor
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me! 22 days till boyfriend!!5
where are you? what kind of fried pickles? I almost barfed at the ones I just had. (side note: there's only one state for me.)
Everybody hates Caroline day
Part 2 of my Deconstructing DeMaio series on the money... "Like Shooting Fish in a Barrel".. up shortly
wake up clown
Mens responsibilities: Work Womens responsibilties: Too many to tweet
Graduation practice in the AM and the real thing on Monday #countdown #cray <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
Good job on snapping the photo. I always forget to turn the sound off of the camera. I think it's a funny sound to have still.
I love the occasional dreary Sunday. Perfect day for a movie marathon
Hail is coming down in Anderson Township, Cincinnati, OH
sure!!! just tell me where...:0P
I fully embrace the slow coding movement; ApplePy, for example, was only worked on in 2001, 2007 and 2011
Thanks & Really enjoy working with you guys cc/
coach our site is free for you players to post highlight tapes and photos for free. They can get more exposure today
I can't stop listening to your sexy voice! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> (and btw, I think #boyfriend is a hit!!)
when I did that exercise with Eisner in 2005, "give a zero, get a zero" stick was amazingly effective pedagogy
Likewise! I'll be out running around town wednesday if you feel like grabbing a beer.
it's definitely not Jerryd Bayless
"The good... it's bigger... than the bad." -- Things said ON #Smash that no one has ever said ABOUT
Tonight in sports is brought to you by the words: Chris Kreider.
election day woooooooosh!
RT : Going to Hillcrest Farmers Market tomorrow? We'll be @ The Center from 9:00am-3:30pm giving free, confidential HIV tests.
Whole lotta in that there message.
Good luck in camp man!
I did follow her
thanks for the promo!
damn what do I watch..#Yankees classic ..#Knicks..or #Syracuse?
Hey guys-How did it go this week end?We were thinking of you.Thanks for your support.It was great to see you again.Go well
Tune into broadcast of LOBBY HERO tonight @ 8 pm!
Just got another consult request for a legal question I already said I can't answer. What part of 'I do diseases, not law' isn't clear?
the address should be on facebook!
Scored! Parking spot right in front of softball field.....watching game in warm car!
Shoutout to my new followers thanks guys! <3 ya !!
It's my year! No really it is...the year of the dragon. It's only the 3rd & things are shaping up nicely.
RT : Educators talk about kids not paying attention & not focusing; what are we doing to keep them interested & focused;...
Want to know what you treasures are worth? You can find out at Ridgefield 50th ... - HamletHub
what was the verdict of the Twitter vote on beards?
how can you make it so that I can follow any one I want and as many people that I want????? Help please!
Bingaman: #CESbill will not cost the Govt $, nor will it be used to raise Govt revenues.
Go Patsos!! RT : Jimmy Patsos and Loyola Maryland heading to the Tourney. Most charismatic coach ever.
for real! I liked it a lot. Now on to The Three Stooges lol..
Today is going to be even nicer than yesterday. I see a nice walk in my immediate future.
Heyday big band gig tonight playing the old standards + a mix of contemporary stuff - Quincy, Foster. Band locked in on 3rd set. Yea!
I am not completely sure of your question. Botox is regularly used to treat a number of issues regarding the facial muscles
- Whoa! Genius idea. Cheese party / rock concert / AWESOME new band name!
what is the point of war?
Im not sure anyone can say Romney targets disabled & Autism, but let's see records in Florida Bar if Rubio ever opposed the abuses
when talking bout The Jamin Olivencia I talk about both... The best there is, best there was, and best there ever will be!
Database management is biggest key
you not going to make it
hi back! How are you??
they wasn't there to take pics with freeway. they were there to take pics with jay...
thanks so much for all you did to bring to #smbmad. Excellent!!! I'm wondering where to download the presentation?
Holy fuck and three quarters, she's right. RT : my background > your life
Congrats to who got a grant this week from the Elizabeth F. Cheney Foundation. Yay!
streaming video from Tucson and Florida much better than Carolina cup
Little girls out here looking like grown women and old women out here looking like teenagers.
“: Filling out forms for graduation #libraryschool #almostfinished” Yay!! So exciting!!
Tomorrow is my parents' 50th wedding anniversary. Wow! Ordered flowers to be sent to the restaurant where they'll be having dinner.
Yes! Go Skins!
unsurprisingly, i'm a lot more likely to keep to my office hours when they involve holding them at Panera around dinner time.
I'm beyond pissed... This pisses me off so much!!!
took you half a day to go from Dulles to Herndon???
Would love to hear what you think about the new Iphone 4s debut. #Erik #Brown #Homes, #Remax Results
How's that shopping cart?
I posted one of the best movie clips spouting off about #bacon on our FB page. I think you will dig it.
Had a really shitty day :( I wish would make me feel better. I feel like going and jumping off a damn bridge!! </3 no1 wud care
that is true.
lmfao im exaggerating about the single for life part but yeah i was since ever since i was born lolol
Sounds good. Thanks for the input! If we do set up an account, we'll let you know.
: #awfulsupergroups ... Excellent. My favorite so far? Rick James Taylor.
not that I'm aware of.
9 to 5 / day in out / months years decades / working for the boss / life hanging by a thread / of the dread / of a pink slip. Arya-Holmes.
Mad Thursdays @ O'Malleys Tonight w/ Best Drink specials. Best Party. Beer Bar hosted by From 10-11.Get There Early!
Shooting over four hours of new footage today : D
hope it gets the funding! congrats on your own recent successes too, looking forward to checking out
I used to use Hadoop in a number of different ways, including building Solr indexes.
Wow! is working on a project that includes history of funding of Sleepy Hollow. I can see my house from here...
Have you ever felt like you can really accomplish anything that you set your mind on?
JUSTIN BIEBER SUCKS ROBODICK!
Kevin Hart <3
You'd be amazed- Adobe customer service actually *hung up* on my friend Chris, who waited on hold for help for over 700 minutes.
Thanks for the CNN piece.
U need an achor in life. I call Him Jesus. He'll hold u down durin storms, He can speak to the waters "Peace be still." He'll get u thru.
HA! You are fully capable of doing both - and tweeting at the same time. Carry on.
he was my first hour teacher my freshman year
We drew hearts there in the sand Laughed when waves erased our plans No, we never knew But they told the truth
#Mythbusters can't wait for new episodes!
how was the marathon?
I'll take three in a roll. Just put ir in a cab to Dorchester. Thanks in advance Tanya.
Good call on selecting not to have your LinkedIn post your tweet stream
Dentist appointment; No school today; Sad face; Missing my boy; I love you David Michael Lucas; 10.29.10 <3
Young woman on Mobbed looks like a female first plastic surgery Michael Jackson sans le surgery. Attractive.
Getting ready to make some X-mas ponytail holders. Don't forget to check me out in Facebook!
Gonna start this year off Right! JTP Taking over all Radio stations, News centers, all Venues and last but not least. The Universe! Jo-Wayne
IT'S ALL GOOD WILL DO THAT TOGETHER THERE
I just want to go back to bed. Under the covers.
#heat are ice cold and can't buy a foul. #Beantown means no fouls for opponents.
thanks for the mention - we're excited too!
May I please get at least 200 followers :-)
WHIT! What team are you on! WHAT.
Note to Self: Try not communicating with people who have office jobs. Apparently, they all hate it. Wait till they are home.
Is it Friday yet?
What a beautiful day !
And... do you plan on going to games in April and October if you live Rochester or Winona?? Close the roof?
Got destroyed.
Put all excuses aside and remember this: YOU are capable ~ Zig Ziglar
GRN has moved to Keller Williams Sonoran Living. Ryan Secrist and the KW Leaders want to be grow WITH GRN and the SW Section PGA!
#ICantDateSomeoneThat won’t watch #TheNotebook. That’s what I do like half of my Friday nights a year.
Sitting in on session about "Envisioning the Future of Public History Education and Training."
Dear Kiss 100 you do realize there are more than just 9 songs in the world, right?
Just took a class this week with Caroline Wampole () -- nice to paint around other artists for a change.
I'm here and following you ! (Leave the Yankees home)
Atta way!! Just like last round the #Caps have split the opening two, back to DC!
Humm talk about a good nap.!!
Haha I love #20! ;) "20 Things PR Clients Should Know" via
Christmas is one week from today?! Wow, I really need to get on it.
I'm late Delite But thank you
NO. WAY. At least you could see it coming at night?
life is just a stage
what HO brah hope the Monday went good
#tribe has now played 27 innings in first two games, time to win one!
"Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records." William A. Ward
I know not with what weapons World War I will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones. -Einstein
Holiday & social events can be overwhelming 4 kids with autism. Pls. be patient with us. Happy Easter!
going to Maggiano's in Kenwood. Good luck this year, looking forward to Opening Day!
Cool! I'll let you know when we hit the spot then!
Stocks Sink After Jobs Data
I know what the dress code for our future happy hour is going to be. Pleats please!
My excuse is that I'm young.
Some days I feel broke inside, But I wont admit it.
are you gonna be home today?! I want Rita's lolol
loved you in that new vagisil commercial. You were excellent!!
You are cool, Mex room ate.
": if you dont get your non-singin ass out my ear !"Lmao who in yo ear?
I did, in fact, write my thesis on homestays. I would be glad to answer any questions you might have.
Read The Harbinger The Ancient Mystery That Holds The Secret Of America's Future by Jonathan Cahn & Listen to NM News & Views, Thursday 4:30
well my grandfather was the nicest one the whole time. I got this imprint ring, money, and this gifts cards for clothes.
Broke a promise tonight.
Sounds like you've got yourself a
People make mistakes. People fight. But all's I know is, I love these people :
Mashable launches #Events Board so U can learn about upcoming events anywhere. Planners can list events 4 broader...
is the sexiest man alive
hm...what kind of Donuts Mr. Pope? Any sound good! :)
I know. #iamababytoo. Early bedtime. :-) good night.
What a beautiful thing that will be! =D
aight cool im down
I hate my phone right now.
Liam Middlebrook, you've won a Tier 2 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
great talk brudda! Loving the News Hub!
that new theraflu stupid!!
I don't need a man I'm doing everything a man would do by myself ! ;)
Thank you for the #FF. The Mariner content on Sodo Mojo is outstanding. Go #Mariners!
I am so ready for the 4th of July. Im gonna eat all day. :-)
Congrats you are 1 of our winners! Please send your info to & we will get your coupon in the mail!
yo how you holdin up in Memphis? I see y'all swimming to work!
Greg's Rubdown LLC ( dba Palm Springs Massage Therapy) is offering 20% discount to Diversity Platinum members!!!
Black Mamba bout to eat some kung pao for dinna!
The only think I like better than talking about Food is eating,
my darling bestie, are you able to rent cars in different places? Like puerto Rico?
Sure thing music video was just released go watch it
Me to will get me one! (:
Anyone else having issues with Couchsurfing board post emails coming late, poorly formatted?
What do you have to do for the M&G's?
thank you for following! :-)
Good night, Ms. Ostrom. Sleep well. Sweet dreams, baby.
RT : : Philanthropy ought to "roar like lions and not purr like kittens"
Things are starting to heat up outside… Let us cook for you, so you don't have to put your oven on at home.
the name John Stamos...t just popped into my head
Vegas leagues seem all the rage right now. Have you been in one? Would you like a league where you go to Vegas at the end?
You died.
Hell no.
Spread the word about our Free App for iPhone & Android! We're trying to help actors!
FYI the music biz is 20% talent and 80% hustle.its a business not a game!so get your hustle on and network..its the ONLY WAY..make a BRAND!!
That said, I tend to hack on for hierarchical translation models these days.
To represent the East in the Finals on Mike and Mike
RT Sitting on the back porch with a smoothie and me doggie. Kale, spinach, grapefruit, ginger, apple, and cucumber. Yummers!
Have fun on the internet check out THE EROTIC .com membership is free. come vote for your favorite lady
I think Ron Paul is a crazy person. He should go live in the woods. Airlines should be in charge of security? Right.
don't die :( feel better!
Finally starting to fall asleep. :)
shit mines two still dinking over here!!
#myOpinion When i say #Filthy i use the term as Dope, or hella tight
And its hurts but I guess its for the better .
Welcome back!
Good night twitter peeps(: <3
RT Shorter #GOP: You lazy bastards should go get a job! Unless you're #gay. If you're gay, you're fired!
happy christmas
Yeah, interesting and sad is right! There have been so many changes. So strange to watch unfold.
What happens if u "like" a post twice via mobile texting? does it toggle back to "unlike" status or just stay in "like" status?
oh no! That's not good! Call 911! Lol :)
I hear the talk, we will see if yall can back it up tomorrow! The #streak tomorrow is going to be a blast! Boom
yes it was a cereal and milk kind of morning!!!
Remote meeting functionality is included in PowerPoint. Not surprisingly, MS will host the meeting. Voice isn't supported.
Dogs, chickens, crackheads, homeless people, and hipsters. Yep it's #EaDo #Houston warehouse living has a price
Dont like the Bulls, Dont like the Heat, Dont like the NBA, Dont care!
RT : WHY was Mario Kart not called "Mario Speedwagon"
A nap would probably be the only way to get this shit off my mind anyway
thank you for the RT mention :) Have a great weekend :)
Hey happy birthday!
you 2 ma!
Nah, if he had to I think he would. Lol. Which um....he might have to at the rate this thing with Ricky is going.
I betchya knows some museum people who may be interested...what are you doing? sounds interesting
It's not a birthday, it's a life anniversary. Celebrate the life of others, like it's your own.
I hope that 2012 is the year that native desktop apps make a comeback. I am so tired of web apps.
New England, 3; New York 9
I love it when an old friend calls out of the blue with a great idea. #WOOT!
"Time heals all, and heels hurt to walk in but they go with the clutch that you carry your lip gloss in.."
#areyouseriousbro like #GTFO of my face… [°×°]
lol I don't need you to, I was just saying lil dude
Soo frigging sleepy
“ “ I put u on my christmas list so for christmas my present can be sum christmas d*ck ..lol””
Thanks for the Friday mention. ^dy
and SInging together?? 2 words... HELL YEA <333
Great article to forward to your pool of sellers, especially those whose properties have been languishing on the market......
right on bro....you're not alone. Well, you are lol...but so am I ;)
I'm so sorry we won't be there! We are spending the day playing tour guide with an East Coast friend.
That makes the 2 of us
Which might raise the question: Can this fellow teach anything without referring to Herzog? Answer: Certainly not.
The subway is an important project for the whole region. Make it safe, and build it quick. More than just BH issue
how has your weekend been, adventurous I'm sure
I accidentally sprayed cologne on myself---now I'm turned and feel handsome.
Happy new year! Health, happiness, and success to everyone in 2012!
I locked myself out of my apartment. Eventually, it isn't even a shock anymore.
Happy Birthday!!! :)
If you havent eaten at Ezele's chicken you don't know what greatness is
Tried Fruit Punch water. Can't say I'm a fan. Vitamins, after mixed in water, give a powdered texture that stays on tongue.
#ThingsImThankfulFor is my family and mindless behavior
i get distracted but im ok
Make progress on student feedback, check. Submit NEH proposal, check. Department meeting, check.
thank so much, we are in touch with Katherine now!
Porcelain comes in many different styles and finding one that will suit your needs won't be hard.
#sincemittsbeengone is another bullsh*t twitter attempt by
blah blah blah bligity blah...
nope. But you were complimenting me like mad so I had to ask if I know you lol.
Yay!! Updating my Resume
happy valentines day fuckers ; ]
We lost one Jorge...... Are you going to be switching over to the dark side anytime soon? LOL
good and you sir?
Great high school transition meeting today! Technology, i.e., Dragon and Kurtzweil Reader are big bridges for access to a regular education.
I picked to click
#DontBeMadAtMeBecause you see me rolling down the street in a Monster Truck
GM Marketing really needs a new commercial idea ... i have a good idea & you can have it! let's talk. 11012
I think should follow me
There's a short line building at the flash Apple store downtown. People want their new iPads.
wondering if anyone would be willing to send us autographed items for our elementary school fundraiser without us having to pay for them...
- it's Ben BTW
will you please please follow <3
Thinking about a flik, where a guy gets to go back in time & change things to get this model girl & be luckiest guy alive.
Kid Rock and the ! And it's a fundraiser for the DSO! I fully support!
I know, I can't believe I still have the book or that it was useful! Ann, remember our project?
I hate texting you first . it feels like I'm bothering you ... /:
I need to learn Portuguese <U+2764><U+2764>
smokey mountains? are you guys coming to Atlanta? your so close!
Posting your work on our blog is one more way we wish to help artists spread their name. We love to see artists grow, so please send images!
typographic rule, I believe.
be strong
He reached down from on high and took hold of me. He drew me out of deep waters. Psalms 18:16,
umm that's hot? lmaoooo RT : My butt feels bigger. In a good way. Like I've got more thrusting power.
MY MAN, that's the way to do it! tell me more about the device. My waste needs some help
sans Derrick Rose
ah....... tomorrow is monday, wish the weekend was alittle longer!!
Cloudy & cooler after Thunder & Rain...TX Weather in PHX!! Can't wait to play in Austin next weekend! #HookEm !!
#iWishYouKnew How much a simple reply can mean -___-
Got the very "interesting" couple here at saint danes,hah
but I want to go right now ;(
What is up with romneys wifes roots
lol! Shut up!
I do not generally play online multiplayer games, and I ignore the FPS genre as a whole. =/
You're invited to add one of your videos to our site; will give you additional exposure for your singing.
every 1 follow please than reply santana :to get a s/o and follow back!!!
I heard that also!!
I'd give you one except I need them all.. sorry
Ook! If I didn't text you back the first 3times what make u think ima reply the 4th & 5th time ?!
Thanks for the City of Raleigh Environmental Awards RTs and mentions
i texted the number! Please follow.me :*
lookin pretty sexy out there.
Failed to drink enough to ease the pain of the winged cattle car
The person you take for granted today, could very well be the person you miss terribly tomorrow.
Dr Joel Cler did my cuff, now it's better than my dominant side. it's painful post op. Take the implanted pain pump. Good Luck
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout W
Ok, I am now hooked on
Thanks for watching & tweeting ! We have more great artists like coming your way! Stay tuned & happy watching :)
Why does the Toyota Prius commercial look like an Old Navy one? I feel like I need to buy khakis and not a car.
"Greed and patience don't live together very well." --Keith Jackson, ABC Sports broadcaster
HAPPY BIRTHDAY I HOPE ITS AMAZING. ILY<3
thank you son son :))
Sure. :-) We wouldn't be practicing what we preach if we didn't turn a critical eye back onto ourselves.
Discount tires! Great warranty and less than half of what you were quoted.
Stopping by a Girl Scouts event & then having a Girls Night Out with my best friends at World of Beer for dinner
Obama’s March Madness Bracket Is Probably Better Than Yours
Happy Birthday! Hope your day is filled with good food and fine wine!
I've been great as well, hot AF out here... But other than that, i'm coolin
cant wait to go to the movies later to see think like a man wit and others should be fun ;)
yes, they get pretty big. So adorable when they're babies. Looks as tho they can get attached to humans, too.
Fri Entree Special:Black Mouth Chunook Salmon on a bed of Bourbon Mashed Sweet Potatoes with Pecan Relish & Apricot Mustard Butter Sauce
Studying on a friday afternoon.
Naw naw when I said that I meant that I was havin alil problem with a friend.
Making fun of some one else isn't going to make you any skinnier, prettier, or better.
Okay so this Guy his name is Josh and he works at the bowling ally and I swear he was flirting with me and . . . .
Not easy for me, but learning to appreciate today's quote of the day: "When nothing is sure, everything is possible." ~Margaret Drabble
Tournament Extravaganza August 6th!
Sorry guys my twitter got hacked
#followme to the bank!
"Commit your works to the Lord, and your thoughts shall be established."-Proverbs 16:3. <3
As a PA I spend most of my day grocery shopping and cleaning and I get paid less than everyone else. I'm sorta like a woman in the 1950s.
Fakers might get swept in the second round 2 yrs in a row,i sure will be laughing if that happens
Government, national or State, has never yet provided suitably for the education of women. (1856)
NBA Playoffs. ..enough said
My boy and the Mavs beat down #Lebrick and the bitches ! Come back of a lifetime !!!!
doesn't look good
I love how screams <U+2665>
WEEKLY REVIEW: Change of Command , among guests: Councilwoman MP Clarke, Councilman Bill Henry
was it hard? Lol
Our focus is on helping parents help their children reach their potential and participate in family, school and community activities.
At Union Station's #NationalTrainDay, I saw several vintage locomotives and passenger cars including an E7 and Pullman coaches.
happy mothers day!!
Thanks goodness girl! I was worried about you! Continue with your crazy water intake. Good luck with the train ride!
Hey tweeps. Hope you all had a good one out there in library and writing land.
I want to meet "Peggy" from the Discover Card commercials...
yes, what kind of design you are looking .. any reference. very colorful or simple ..
Happy birthday to my brother and best friend, !
A real man isnt ashamed to kiss his girl in public, brag about the queen that she is & love her like she's never been loved before..
Copland was fantastic! You're right, too. I'm learning to appreciate and respect him.
RT“ I Don't Remember The Last Time I Did Homework. Smh oh well”
hey my Sleezy!
Lion King Lear
It's ok we win some we lose some but we live to fight another day :) forever
Napoleon dynamite cartoon this January, sweet
I can't wait to get the iphone tomorrow <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665> #birthday!
also depends on role on service; rare but sometimes resident is more of an extra & so no one may need to replace
You were rad! I'm so glad I went!
I think i love
we saw your tweet & liked your FB :-)
what you do best!!! Songwriting that is :) Can't wait to hear!!! Would love to see what your gonna blow up tonight:) Awesome
yea, that's a no no!
My student's increasingly use the term "the late-1900s", which, for them, refers to the period between 1980-1999. We've entered a new era.
Thanks for the follow ;)
Happy hump day to0o all... I love you all...keep warm to
that's..that's just uncanny.
When i miss you maybe i just look at your photo ! :/
I'm not gonna tell y'all how many times I have listened to Josh's version of "This is a mans world" this week.
About to go get Biden'd.
A new chapter is about to begin with change reshaping familiar terrain. Anticipation at every level and blessed in every way.
After your late local news and David Letterman and Craig Ferguson its the Masters, then "One shining moment"...
And that's a wrap, folks! Big thanks to and A.D. for the video help!
Bassnectar, Pretty Lights and Ratatat all killed it last night...energy at nectar was unreal
Edson Pride feat. Cyon flare -Free your body part 2 the Tony Moran remix is #2 on master beat top sellers list. Amazing!
New block of ISBNs, you're mine.
HBO Casting Call for Treme
Just had breakfast at Daniel's with :) Love their porkchops!! m!
HEY HOMIE G
You won't believe this, but I just figured out why they named a record store, Licorice Pizza lol.
Reading the rants of the Salty Droid. He totally bitch slaps some of the big time IM gurus. True or not, his rants are fun to read.
lol I was actually just about to reply to your email :p
an intense but short lived snow shower associated with a cold frontal passage. Enjoy it!
if it's a kid, absolutely! Nominate them to run for free!
Still a great little book: The Brand Gap by Marty Neumeier
email us if you have not received please. we will help! :>)
I've had some pretty awesome dreams lately. Last night I was on a mission to find a machete during some zombie decapitating adventures.
wtf is wrong with George Zimmerman.go to prison and stay there
#Pixar (1): "The Good Dinosaur", set for 2014. Premise: What if that asteroid missed the Earth and giant dinosaurs never became extinct?
Penguins of Madagascar Christmas was so cute and funny!
Who watched the #Orioles game on MASN? Shout out?
": your cover of Bruno Mar's "It Will Rain" is beautiful! True talent girl! #newfan" thank you! glad you like it!
hi Simone-what's up?
I feel like shit...
No practice means I'm going to the weight room
At Beauty of the Week search in ATL. Great turn out! We're til 3pm. Come to the Bailey Agency.
not to me homie!
I just wanna party
In "Dancing Nerves and Etherial Energies" panel.
game. Awesome seats. Thanks to Michelle Wiz for the invite. Go Bulls!!
kush in tha swisher, money over bitches.
Thanks Megan! It's so much fun to watch her grow up and discover new things:) Hope you're doing well!
i miss u mother!!""
Had a great time at the game night, even though I lost at Catan. Thanks for getting all the geeks and gamers together!
Hello Alaba follow me This is Kenneth Hall...How u doin
No I had went to bed just checked it out thanks!!
thanks for the #txla13 info u sent to tlc 2day. And BTW-love the c. kennedy quote on your signature!
I did an lot of acid so I barely notice that side effect. I just found that anti-depressants made depression worse
It's almost time for #ALA11 - Be sure to visit us at booth #2239!
yes, please come next time!!
I fuckn hate school
lol nahh ur only 20 u still got a lot of life left ahead of you.
Guess its time to find a new job before I strangle my boss... Punk ass can't expect to pay me shit for running his business... Fucking punk
hell Yeah!
Dear - promising next day delivery and then delivering a week later is
Any dope beats out there email us at
WAS I UNDER A ROCK omg...
#HIMYM ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!?!
When people believe your stupidist lies
We can't privatize and deregulate our way out of every problem. Only a government ageny, answerable to the people, should operate prisons.
watching my favorite ginger perform on SXSW tonight yeah buddy!
That good kinda crazy. <3
Thank you to everyone making #STRAIN possible!
"But by some miracle, I've just got away with it - I've clawed it back. I'm crawling back again." ::philip selway::by some miracle::
Go see 's Invisible Man this Fri or Sat cause they're awesome & did the poster illustration! :-)
I'm following you. No, seriously don't look back.
your so strange lol
Hiwever, If any politicians get on the plane with me to Nome this weekend, I'm running off screaming...
Me too girl. I'm like, what can I do? At this late hour I need to be sleep. Smh. I'm "Weak"
I Am Young Godess!!!
: yeah man!!! So refreshing!! Great contrast from pre workout chicken burritos.
address please...lol
sweet!!! Any big boy size?
lost 3 pounds since her last weigh-in! She's lost 10 pounds so far.
Welcome back 8 hours of sleep. I have missed you all week
Saw Mystere with my man. i didnt see you.. Saw everyone else. You didn't go?
If you are a lady, go to Vitucci's tonight for FREE DRINKS! Doesn't get any cheaper than that! 1832 E North Ave
It's madness I tell you
Who would have thought that the United States of America would hire mercenaries costing billions of dollars? I missed it!
hey how do i get one of those exclusive shout outs? :)
“: Carl Beane, Fenway Park's public address announcer, was killed in a car accident today: Well that sucks. Loved that guys voice.
Doing a major cleanage on my room.
Who's in the mood for a nice long run?
how much you pay month ? plus tax ?
spook dem ghosts! Lotsa time left.
Schucky Ducky...quack quack.
First time i've used my beats in like a month.
The perfect end to 2 long hard days working toward UAT... a tall glass of milk and some Lorna Doones. Now just waiting for defects ... sigh
I dig your night shots.
When: This Thursday at 9am. Where: Your office. What: Coffee Bomb. Who wants it?
Great to hear. We can't wait. See you in NOLA! RT is so excited to check out the show in New Orleans this year!
How do you like using ?
going to pour out a 40 of hurricane in honor of my girl irene
Do right by others who do right by you..
Warren Buffett Discloses Prostate Cancer Diagnosis
changed my name :) im gunna start doing imagines soon
I love you stay strong babe. #RIPBraytonBaker <U+2764>
Standing in rain at Share waiting on carry on bag.
OMG! And I'll bet Hell-Yeah-Relyea's BFFs are still sitting at the bar.
About a month until Summer break. Extremely excited!
I mean its AWESOME ! lmao but im afraid i might have trouble making friends :/ and imma have to leave behind my bestfriends <l3
I have one sore spot on the top of my head where my bun always sits.
Welcome back! Good luck on your first day of the summer term!
Let's try this again. Anyone know when #Loyola is back in session?
good grief!
Love it! : On similar idea, am sending 3 sketchbooks / scrapbooks around world, visiting 10+ class
Dang. I'm celebrating MY Friday off at the dentist. Yours sounds more exciting.
Who said I was leavin TRILL?.... Damn Lie!!!!!
V-necks
Sausage sauce ingredients are cooking like in the bottom of the 9th with two runners on.
Its flippin' 12at night and there's 10 year olds still playing outside -__- #GoToYourDamnBed!!
I saw you last year at the concert ! November 16th!
moe Monday's
Anyone out there celebrating #EarthDay? We already got all our #email out of the way.
lmao that's the only thing she said was true I'm the boss
I'm graduating this Saturday and am so unemployed. So my plans are literally up in the air of where I will be. @
Thank you!
Amber Heard is such a babe !
i heard its amazing!
is that racist?
So , so I get this; $400mm of taxpayer $ for your stadium is ok, but you object to how a privately built arena affects city budget?
i still have to do an essay, and a worksheet, and a math homework.. where am i? STILL HERE IN OC... ugh, i wanna go home.
ok. I'll read it and reply dear : )
3FreeMarkets spread slavery of consumers and workers wealth slaves the mind of the wealthy, nations are not wealthy only a few
scores in the first half and holds on for a 1-0 win. Hall makes many great saves in the last minutes. Go Orange!
lol you're very welcome :)
My #FridayReads pick is "Neverwhere" by Neil Gaiman. I started reading it a while ago but had to return it... glad I get to finish it now!
hell yeah! Size 10 All day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Sopa and Pipa are bad bills. They need a rewrite to fix due process and other flaws. vote them down
More ice, I thought we were on our way to spring! When will spring come? When will you be out enjoying your lawn for the first time in 2011?
umn? What lets pop bottles :)
lol...no I don't. I do have some room in the bag I have.
that baby is now your main priority..just as it should be..
Wow! Deep Powder is one of my favorites! Thanks!
i don't think quiet toys exist
How did I miss "Game of Thrones" on HBO? Just watched a few episodes on demand and am hooked!
Yeah ask them
Mother Nature is moody... cold & raining today. Yesterday, humid & warm. Still, love the beginnings & all things summer :)
still learning the ropes!
Recognize sources of asbestos exposure and identify controls to eliminate asbestos exposure hazards.
I thought the Hunger Games was about eating peasants
#whycantyoujust understand that i don't want your black ugly ass like you just make want to throw up you digust me
w/ Jalapeño's?!
Ronald McDonald talked to the students about the importance of reading and going to the library. When you read a book anything is possible.
Just submitted a pitch to #GenArtFilmFest to make a movie conquering the status quo. #FingersCrossed!!
Taylor: Cambridge working with OCLC Research, will investigate linking the bib data to FAST and VIAF; identify issues
get a disturbing # of blog hits on my book reviews from people looking for crib notes. Read the damn book yourself!
It will just fall apart again “: #ireallywant things to go back to the way we were a few months ago before this all fell apart.”
HEY!! Boo!
that should be your club positioning statement
I'm just wondering how these NATO protestors have the money to fly into our city and protest.
At work till ten then nothing
I cant wait for this pollo frito (fried chicken) m
Realist Nigga I Ever Heard Spit In my Life Heard Stepbrother mixtape and then did research and became a fan ever since
If you ruin my plans for today. I will end you.
You Voted, WE WON! Panel "Brand Recognition vs Killer Content" @ #IWNY 5/17. WOW
Hey how about them Owls getting to the league !!! Keep it up squad...
I'M so happily because you tweet me with news for iPAD3.
Titanic at 100 on History channel
Aang's son and Toph's daughter. haha i find that funny
TY for featuring my blog today!
#onlyskinnyppl fall scape they self and not bleed cuz y'all dry as shit about to check
bet it
if the NBA doesn't raise their age limit for the draft, do you see them putting more effort n2 expanding the NBDL like MLB.
Bruce Sterling: design thinking suffers from Stockholm syndrome - too much empathy
If I won the lottery I would buy a lot of land in the country and finally give a farm full of dogs.
Hey no problem!! Thank you for the love and inspiration ;)
Our backgrounds & Circumstances may influence who we are, But we are responsible for who we BECOME."
"Cash can buy, but it takes enthusiasm to sell."
pecially when they drank
I vote for Savannah!
don't tweet it, yell it
i did reply back
ALSO, while I'm on twitter...please check out www.lombardistreet.com. It's a web series I'm cast in & an amazing site all around :)
You are doing a great job under terrible circumstances. Keep up the good work, and hang in there. We are all here to help!
I actally was yesterday! I was like "oh" and I started laughing. See?! I care<3
FDA says providing guidance on social media "not easy": Thomas Abrams
I will be setting up at Tejon Not sure what today's special will be? Rice Crispy treats $1 How about a Veal Brat? Come and get some sausage
is part of the request not sent or is it all aborted??
did u see the assassins creed trailer! It's beautiful.
be there tomorrow<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
On a boar
Fingerprints like an album! "Every record that you do man, is so different in every way." - Jerry Cantrell
funny how our plans/time frame dont always match up with His isnt it? Hes got it under control sir, you just keep on keepin on!
RT : The moment of truth has come: asks what are the issues with using BHL. But I'm not using BHL.
Ctfup bitch if you gonna tlk shit get the fucking story straight i broke up wit him then they wnt out name ya bf or ya friend o.O o !
We can describe Eminem as Academy Award winner Marshall Mathers<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Get up, get out, and get something!!
Thanx god for everything <33333 thing start getting better!!
I didn't get a DM:o
Was I the only one that picked up two bags of trash off the streets of Detroit today? Probably but it's Earth Day.
omg, this is hilarious! I cracked up at work when I saw this, and then had to share to explain my outburst. Reaction = excellent
and there and their haha. Can't stand that! Oh wait and sale and sell
We strongly support the bill, just oppose the potential fee-for-service amendment
word when's that starting?
You can look up for help, or down for discouragement, But if you look next to you I'll always be there by ur side!
IM RICH BITCH!!;D
hey, I love PTV. No lie. Haha.
My coach "DONT SAY SORRY, SAY YOU WILL FIX IT!" 'me- ok coach im sorry
RT I know it's the Big Ten, but ... Is it really possible that Wisconsin has 20 points in 24 minutes against Illinois?
Lol! Funny bc someone is prob thinking the sane for u!! Jk bro! Whats new? RT : Some people need to learn to shut the fuck up !
looks like a meal from here !!
Surely you can't be serious... that's amazing
Its fucked up that I can remember pornstars names, but not my moms birthday
Tonight on , Tavis talks with Wisconsin's own At 5PM on MPTV 36.
6x6=too much!!
I'm so sorry haha.
Shout out to my #castle tweephearts you guys are amazing chase your dreams :) ,
people can't give away their all star game tickets yet we couldn't get into the Oregon Auburn game for under $500
I like to call that "center of the universe."
.: The failed to complete a 2011 annual report despite being obligated to under its contract with the city.
Had no school today but back tomorrow...:( i really don't want to go...
Next up SB89 creation science
Yw! Really enjoyed it!
l do NOT wanna go to old country buffet.
follow back..?
I'm gay and that's the way I will stay. ;)
Confession14:i dont like girl with ugly laughs
I guess we know who the true #BestFansInHockey are!
Thanks for the RTs, Shoutouts and Mentions:
Can someone tell that Vandy still sucks?
Congrats to A wonderfully classy way to act after a PERFECT GAME. Good for you, Phil... er, Mr. Humber.
I want I want!! RT Got our hands on a few signed copies of The Stranger's Child by Alan Hollinghurst. Time for a giveaway!
u can get anything even my arms well i need those
Welcome to twitter! Follow them for great deals in the cross plains, wi/Madison area!! Social Inbox Corp blowing up!
People respond to people, not paper. Don't just build your resume--network
i havent played 2k in a min it feel good
Paid? That is tough. DM your email and I'll send you sites to check.
if only you saw what I could see you'd understand why I want you so desperately <333
Buffett: would settle for deal in $10 bln range
I do this all the time. Such wasted time #lol RT : Hate it when I'm watching commericals only to realize I watching a DVR'd show
We've actually gone through the entire decks for the Trivial Pursuit games we have. I never remember the answers to repeats.
Your ratio of sister love hashtags compared to brotherly love hashtags is lame.
m Montmartre is really good. I'd also recommend Senart's and Cava. Le Pain Quotiden is also good & Lavagna has unlimited drinks
Don't u just feel like telling a bitch to shut the fuk up?... I do all the time..
WTF?!? WHEN DID THIS BECOME A DATE?!?!
Thanks, Uptin! Really appreciate that. We'd love to show you / MTV a full demo in a couple months.
got dat racks
Is the end nigh? 1 in 7 think so
#FridayReads is still THE SHIRT ON HIS BACK by Love Ben January & friends, tho the Western setting was a bit tough at first
#IfOnlyAlexKnew how amazing he is <3
Come and enjoy a fresh deluxe burrito at Paco's today!
Thank you for #FF :)
getting the heck out of hades and headed to rim country for the day! Its too hot here!
Almost got everything packed to move.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Wednesday TV in Review: Worst Friends Ever, Finales of Bent, Happy Endings
Sancerre is one of my favorite wines in the world! Makes me thirsty just thinking about it . . .
I know /: I'm so mad right now! D:< waaaah, i just wanna throw marshmallows at the producers! ahah
Listening to lay it down with As The Fallen Rise.
You keep settling for less. When will you learn?!
So excited that is in town! Nice to see friends.
“: Alex Ovechkin's goal assisted by Nicklas Backstrom. #CapsBruins #CapsPlayoffs” come on Caps. end series today!!
It's close. It's real close.
March is a big month for me. Finals, moving, and new roommate. One day at a time, right?
I'd like to come off of your list. It's creepy and I DO NOT CARE who unfollows me.
Lol! Yeah it has!“: well, that train has already left the station!”
20 years ago, I did both. One right after the other. RT : Twenty years ago I closed bars. Now I open breakfast joints.
All the salt in the world couldn't melt that ice.
Um done wit yall
One writing project off, and now, to conquer my backlog of book reviews...and surf the internet :)
#lssc12 gave me crucial message to take back to co I work for. lean gives us the opp to: innovate with *purpose* w/ scientific thinking (2)
is Iguodala replacing Mcnab in this city with throwing his teammates under the bus and dumb comments?
haha! You are too kind!
Pays more attention to DD on DWTS than the downgrade of MKE bond rating. Typical stupidity of
haha. While I wouldn't be so "expressive", I have been with BECU for almost 30 years and agree the writers bottom line. :)
your so handsome, I LOVE YOU
Just picked up a ton of kids books for our Children's Hospital book drive at our holiday event Weds! Bookstores = good for the soul.
client tells me we went to google, sharpfocus photography was on top. we read the reviews and checked the photos...
hm, we must talk then :)
RT : Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results. Willie Nelson
Can't wait until tomorrow! Viva La Phish!
I'm jealous :P
KU or KENTUCKY?
i dod nothinb cause i forgot my stuff, but they did ladders
Where is the snow coming from??
Kansas is already in the Paul Hewitt zone
awesome! If they set up accounts let everyone know so we can follow them...
Leave & about dating. Its there buisness. They may be good friends they may not, its none ur buisness anyways.
This was his idea. No person would be allowed to accumulate a personal net worth of more than 300 times the average family fortune.
Our graphic designer is working on a new backdrop for the show. We are very excited about the new design. Hope to have it printed this week
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. - Walt Disney
Welcome to all my new followers. I am going to start using Twitter frequently. It seems to be important as a contact tool in 2012.
Nothing personal #Philly #flyers friends, but Go #Pens!
Haha show not that shit nasty
Ran a stop sign...
come find me fagot
Pancakes and bacon. :)
Very interesting but I 100% disagree that "maman" is the way to go. "Mother died today." C'est vrai Camus!
cover isn't shocking, the promotion of Dr. Bill Sears is..(I'll skirt the whole issue of mommy wars)
How do I convert .jpg to .pdf??? Help, somebody...
How was the first experience? Plenty more to come :)
Spaghetti for lunch at Positive Tomorrows! Our students love it - and we love giving them a nutritious meal every day!
Yall don't know basketball..yall just be waiting to talk shit to other teams fans
looks like I'm gonna have to give myself my own early dismissal tomorrow and leave school
This is insane !
Well, at least R is using Chulk here and not a game we were going to win
Mississippi didn't ratify the 13th amendment (abolishing slavery) until 1995! #factoid in "Last Call: The Rise and Fall of Prohibition"
Jane Lynch, Carol Burnett Set for BACKSTAGE AT THE GEFFEN, 6/4 - Broadway World
wheres the sun?? OH THERE IT IS.. finally
Thanks for the Follow. Stuart
As much as you hurt me, why do I keep trying. I'm putting myself through hell.
Thanks for the tweet!
., the vote total at Precinct 12 at 3 p.m. was 181, that's a very slow day.
Christmas every month would be fun but expensive !
#wordonthestreet: the next ep of the Super Frenchie Diaries tv combines , wingsuit, & hot air balloon. Stay Tuned!
Hey!Its my birthday!:]
OBAMA MUST BE DEFEATED, AND POLITICALLY DESTROYED! Somebody dig into his past! Search for evidence of infidelity on either his part,......
-- wish I were there!
I'm either going to Miami or Atlanta for my birthday: who wanna cum???
And John Walsh made a career out of his dead son. Doesn't make him an asshole.
done and done! thx buddy.
I just checked in at Mary Walter Clothing Store (33 W Superior) for the #AllRoverTown dog-friendly scavenger hunt
A Healthy Person’s Guide to Authentic Communication - “Healthy Person’s Guide to Authentic Communication” You are invited to...
That's the most-amazing thing I've ever had tweeted at me.
I think i'm staying home again ..
how long ya stayin
When a pregnant #dog starts to go into labor, just let her be. All you need to do is to make sure that her environment is quiet and calm
Josh what's up on #Dateline tonight? :/
3 lanes have reopened on 270W just east of Sawmill Rd. on NW side of town.
#Celtics just have one personal foul with 5 min left in the first half, shows how much the #Hawks are settling for jumpers
i like your choice is music :)
For those familiar with the Russian superhero Fandorin: in the latest novel, he fights the party of #CrooksAndThieves (via )
Thanks for the cite.
Start the revolution today, love your body.
hahaha... it tastes better when you do that
M m m
YAY! So exciting! Congrats! Enjoy your stay and have a blast!
No lol RT : RT I really hate this iPhone dont run twitter in the background ......time for android
“: "most startups are features, not solutions." #1871chicago panel” troof.
Tom, thanks for the follow. So I gotta ask brother, how do you know you're the 3rd oldest person on Twitter? ;)
He texted back, I am so glad he is fine. I really did get worried. :L
Nigeria’s first-ever World Cup goal & Rashidi Yekini&#39;s five most memorable moments
i'm losing faith..& yet you have so much faith in me.
Hungover though I'm not sure I deserve it.
appreciate it :)
no. i want u to come over :(
why kind of?
I may take you up on this offer.
was your webcast extra sped up a little this week? Looked like it was being filmed with an olde-timey crank-camera.
Ugh I Use To HATE That Class !! -.-
Love your hashtag.
this is the best day of my life!
Grading papers and watching hockey: a roller coaster of emotion.
Fundamentals remain for gold to resume its bull run - CITY A.M.
So... is it cool or nerdy to spend hours browsing twitter? Probably worse to admit it!
EVEN WHEN... I AM... These are the words of FAITH... This world can not stop us from walking on water... Continued next tweet
FREE Pandora Heart Jewelry Box with purchase now through Valentine's Day. Stop in for details.
Hello Yummy.
My mom said I got a suprise for my graduation present. I hope it's an iphone.
Thanks! RT Want to know what's going on in our neighborhood? #FF #ShoutOut to They keep you in the know.
Went to the courts and OD bricked 3700 three pointers and broke my diet and had 8 cheddar burgers at Wendy's what is my life about <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
What happened to live tweeting Foxfields, ? Fail.
very convenient, but where do privacy concerns enter?
Thank you :)
If halladay didn't covert atleast 50% of Mets fans to Phillies fans tonight, id be shocked.
I really need something to do.... I really need a car!
#Cougars &Cubs #JohnWaite What a Weekend!!! thnx everyone who came out to Fri and Sat! We lurv you guys!
Emal is so clueless on his new iPhone .. Smh
If ravers take over the world.. I swear to God.
Trying to go to the
Although I could not be there this year, I do hope Billy Crystal comes back, he was great!
Tobymac was incredible! Hung out with Noah Henson of Pillar and Rob Ramsey. Camp Electric rules!
he has a Facebook i think. & has a phone
ok I kinda thought that
(2/2) Will the GSU decision provide incentive for unis/libs to get involved in supporting open textbook initiatives?
: hey Mitch, what's the next big project??
The Miami Heat pick up Ronny Turiaf....
This 3 point shooting for #UNC will not hold up. #Kentucky will go on a run to close out the half.
hey girl hey...and yes, I think knowing code at an intermediate level would add so much value to my skill set
A good margarita, a good red wine, I like expensive alcohol, but not a lot of it. I don't like to throw up. ~ Denise Richards
Who wins the award for worst phone in this years draft..Andrew Luck with the flip phone or Russel Wilson with the cord phone?
“: GOODLUCK” THANK YOU (:
Never be to smart to listen.
everyones high but were up here being fucking stupid then caleb has to come in and say "your about at a 10 you need to bring it down to a 3"
what r the dates?
I know its not yoo birffday, but like can we still go to a male strip club?
can you stole my heart...
RT : Big thanks to the team from for speaking today in Interactive Media. Really enlightening to speak directly...
The new site is coming along very nicely...I'll be able to show you all soon!!
Just cuz u grow up in the hood, dnt mean u have to settle for #Hoodlife ..there are 7 continents to visit, go hard in life or stay miserable
oh that's right lol.. Nursing pays great but you might miss the kids a lot. I did nursing and switched to education. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Two words that should never appear together, let alone be an actual thing. What is this show?
Are you going to post after you serve?
Some roller coasters u should not ride n the front!!!!!!!
for the 200th time this year....trading Kane.
ThankU & Happy Friday!
#BHLib is no longer a pilot project. At some point, we became part of how people do research. Remarks from at
#youknowshestheone when she tolerates your past. Being a vampire gives plenty of time to run up your "number"
I just need to find the right person.
can't wait till summer !
It's official, you're part of the family! RT : - #WldflwrDesigns is on page 57 of the yearbook.
pink varsity sweatpants + sleepytime tea = awesomeness.
I felt useless.
Well then good luck for Sunday!
haha I challenge you! Timholtuk if you dare
I'm up, wide awake. What do you want to talk about today?
Bama and Auburn have wrestling and NASCAR.
You should black light it and look for body fluid stains, then maybe you would feel safer...
Recurrent ear infections and the hearing test is just a precaution. Complained of "chug chug chug" sound last go-round.
You haven't tweeted me in foreverr:( #SadTweet I miss you bestfriend <3
: We are now open for the Ice Skating event tonight. 8:50PM-10:50PM.
No she teaches Lodging Management! :)
I wish I could come to canada just to meet you..and eat subway with you :)
And HASHTAGS #### get it?? Fatass fingers ruined my joke
I hate the people on this bus more than anything.
Only today and tomorrow for you to get a groupon. $15.00 for $7.00.
RT : Workers are making their way to the front door of Red Rock Casino.
Most women dont know shit about sports so i dont even bother debating with them
Trying to follow all the live tweeting at the same time as watching the Oscars made me nauseous. Need them on the same screen.
Yes! I will be representing SD Comms. And I just "highlighted" your panel to attend. Teach me your ways, oh wise one!
Pickup Line: I may not be the best looking guy here, but I'm the only one talking to you.
Connecticut man held on $1M bond after allegedly killing father ...
I know right! haha had to do some stuff I was procrastinating on.
Put those St. Patty's day "kiss me I'm Irish" t-shirts away and put on your "kiss the cook" aprons it's Cinco De Mayo fiesta time!
lol. i don't share that with anyone! what did you think?
May 13th . Mother's Day 2012, first swim of the year...
That sounds good...RT : always! RT : I could go for some horchata and a breakfast burrito
they won't have attached yet.
Will turn bullish in Gold at 885.00 and Crude at $37.50. Still bearish for the Yen.
So p. diddy is changing him name to #swag?
heck yeah! Next drawing is Nov 20th, if you've signed up on our website, you're automatically entered.
#replacebandnameswithlesbian is nowhere near as cool as #improvefilmtitlesbyaddinginmypants , as a matter of fact, it's incredibly DUMB!
I've been such an angel though :(
I just want to get my food quickly so I can go to the library and study for my THREE test tomorrow.
On* holy holy. Woah.
When you like your going to fucking explode. #heated #venting <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
hey yes we do have to talk more! im so sorry i havent been so active on twitter lately, but im going to try to be on more!
I'm not good enough for anyone, hah.
well no you can search by single rooms or B&Bs, etc.
havent been on twitter in like 2 days... o.o ive missed it so much :D
Had a great time tonight with #NRG! Those kids can rock it out... :)
Need to make a program that interjects some of those "GET UP AND WALK" articles into my usual time-wasting websites. "Hm thehairpin-GEDUP"
Played two sets at church and one short one at an open jam last night. Too bad Monday came so fast. I wish I could play that much everyday.
Thanks, sure will.
I'm in a river
I seem to never be in California anymore, living on a plane all the time, most of this month im in other states
get parents like.mine! Lol
I know what u mean. Lol. I'm at practice still.
Just got home from a gig at The Jazz Showcase in the Chi!
ToothlessSays: I have 80 cents, gimme a burrito. Me: we don't have an 80 cent burrito. Toothless: I'll take two.
Waldo Faldo is the King of Stupid
Location scouting
oh wow. this nigga just told me he loved me..IDK HOW TO RESPOND.UM YEA OK.DAMN.SMH.
get a phone haha
Delicious combo. I miss Oatmeal Stout. RT : Have you tried a Black & Blue? Brinkley's Maibock & Oatmeal Stout mixed together.
China is pushing for health care reforms at the same time as the US; will be interesting to see the paths the two countries take.
Good girls' lacrosse game between Riverdale and Hackley. Tied 5-5 at half.
I had to comment on your tweet. Good post.
i knew somethin wasn't right
good idea ;) lol
THANK YOU MALCOLM GLADWELL.
You're welcome! Thank you for following back!
Job security = Can never be promoted
lmao shut up
He prob doesnt drive at all... W his $$! RT : Derek Jeter does not drive a Ford.
re: unusual listing of the week. amazing decor!
I'll break open my piggy bank right now!
You're too sweet. Come on over anytime!
“: Keep the Faith. The most amazing things in life tend to happen right at the moment you're about to give up hope.”
Thanks for sharing. It's always helpful to see how other universities address #socialmedia use.
i have for idk how long now
I think would be a lot more appealing if the commercials didn't make it look like something was peeing blood into my water.
Revisiting some work I did with copyrightMD metadata. Got some new digital books that need it added to their METS docs
I just love driving with the windows down and the music blasting
RT true artist looking for original hip hop
RT My phone says it's 47 degrees outside, but my nipples are saying it's about 39.
thats just stupid
Happy Birthday Jesus To Everybody! Love Ya!
i've had that problem for years
Lovveeee my Rip Tide cast
Clarifying-(courtesy) of tonights game is televised in Msn on Charter 323 ...or listen to on
I trust everyone thanked God for waking them up this AM!! If you didn't it's not too late!!
Thanks for sharing my story on #depression and #addiction in the Newsroom with our members and beyond. A story offering help and hope.
at home. Hahaha.
Top Superfoods!:Beans,Blueberries, Broccoli,Oats,Oranges,Pumpkin, Salmon,Soy, Spinach, Tea (green or black),Tomatoes,Turkey,Walnuts&Yogurt
Happy New Year! Can't wait to read all the 2012 debuts! <3
Really glad you liked the video today. I had fun making it for you. Hope to meet you in person sometime soon!
What's up people??
Success! Off to Runyon to continue the badassness.. interval training? Perhaps, perhaps!
#FF essential reading for parents:
#MDbes picture book winner Memoirs of a Goldfish. 4-6 Chapter book winner Girl Who Could Fly.
hard to say since the MLB doesn't disclose the exact test they use. See for best explanation we have for now.
| Thanks for the #followfriday shout-out :)
thanks for the follow and support Chris, i love the pig head check out
thanks. And cat tell my hubby I'll be seeing him later ;)
are you in DC?
Omg worst day ever. Someone save me and take me home please
well, I agree with that. 5th would be a good spot I think.
haha awww thanks and I definitely have to agree with that list! Currently actually listening to The Cab, Brian
Working on some quilting projects this cold morning :-)
i'm so Sorry for your Lost Thomas May he R.I.P ! :)ILYShawty<3
Woowe-oohh! Amber is the color of your energy!
so how do you know him exactly? :)
Bed time at last..fuck all the bull shit..catching up on some zZzZzs...goodnight tweeters
what time will the world record be happening at usf in april 25th? I really want to come!:)
Yeah we practiced the other night and my boy said it was the best day ever. Super sweet kid.
EBay, Wal-Mart shop for better search engines
There r so many great opportunities out there! Do you have a profile on #beRecruited? Free to sign up: berecruited.com/register
5p RT : Ticket release today w/ for the Ohio State Tim Gunn from Project Runway event!
I hate all zombies especially the smartass ones. Hopefully in a few more months all be cleared to kick your heads off again....
In my dept print vs online means nothing in T&P decisions; all that matters is peer review and contribution to field.
#5bestsmells coco butter, laundry, gas, rain, bath & body works
Babydoll is so beautiful.
& now the Titanic theme decides to play on the radio.
Shot an Informercial for the ALUMA WALLET that will broadcast internationally. I was directed by Vernest Kazer to be slightly over-the-top!
Crib slats shouldn't be more than 2 3/8 inches apart (width of soda can). All new cribs must meet this standard, but older cribs may not.
Or say hi to me & get your #favemoviequote from my film 'GoodNight| GoodMorning' Sun at 3 (Harris) & wed. 7 (Regents sq.).
"If we do right God will be with us, and if God is with us we cannot fail." Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches by G. Leidner p.40
Wow learn something new everyday RT Pete Rose was banned from baseball for life for betting on games while managing the Reds
Just tape it on!
No, you're dead all right, I just don't remember how it hppened - werewol, werewolf hunter, cop, act of God...
Thanks for RT!
In Anderson for the 4th time this weekend...Last 'Called Out' session. Tired but expectant!
George Kottaras is not helping Ryan Braun's argument that he wasn't on PEDs.
Happy #Friday !!
who ever told you life was going to be easy was right it was all the people who say it wouldn't be that are in fact really lying ~ sd
All K-12 Teachers can stop into our cafe for a free 12 oz. drink on Tue. May 3 from 6 a.m. - 6 p.m. We are celebrating Nat. Teacher Day.
Kindle Fire Heads List of 3 Cool Holiday Gadgets
Speaking of real conversation, any chance you'll be going to MW in April? Hope we'll see you there!
I think we're about to spend too much on the twins' 3rd birthday. And yes, we have to get TWO of everything! Lol
RT : New #Education catalog from 20% off our latest books when you use promo code AD9739
I DM'd You RT : I agree so text me RT : Someone Text Me, (Someone That Knows How To Keep A Conversation Going)
I talked about your Rock Star analogy today to a colleague! It helped them 'get' it!
I got a song im working on about A street nigga that had a good thing but was to busy to realize what he had until she was gone! so what...
happy twin birthday
Its mothers day & my boy & I's six months. <3
Chicago Jazz Festival!!! Get to see 9 great shows in 3 days and perform in 2 myself. One of the things I love about Chicago! Free Jazz Fest!
Should be good good night on Guys (Stevie Wonder) vs. Girls (Whitney Houston) night
Ugh. My dog freeway is so bad, I am convinced he is my karma for all of my wrong doings in life.
Channing Tatum in she's the man! :)
I'm pretty positive that you have one of the most beautiful faces on Earth.. Even if people kick puppies cause of it! LOL
This is Geography Awareness Week! and GIS Day is tomorrow, November 18, 2009
Movies you watched this Fourth of July. Go.
My Girl A Boss hahaaa
You're not like the other bot i fell for you're better.
Um I'm waking up in about 7 hours..I should probably get some sleep.
Biz trip, so happy to be a member - downtown Minneapolis 3rd-floor pool is awesome!
Stop into #firefly and sit out on our gorgeous patio overlooking historic Main St EA and have some iced coffee!
Balboa park's Air & Space Museum will have free admission on Tuesday Dec. 28 from 10 am to 4 pm
Tip of the day: Never ever sit on your wallet
haha okay then!
Makes sense. RT : by supporting marriage of course. Eye roll at fox news for their illogical attacks
I know! Its confusing but; sorry! Forget about it.
They have arrived
I have lost 15 lbs and will be celebrating soon w/ a beautifully delicious steak from
90% of all people have no patience for this anymore.... What is it....
Check out a wonderful collection of dances by Val & Marjorie tonight , tickets $7 Proceeds will go to the James! See u there!
Today Victor, Luis and I were taking pictures <3 Man, I love them ^.^
Yeah, a shame. One heckuva game.
Follow #FocusMagazine on Twitter and when we hit follower #750, we'll choose 1 random follower to win yet another full page ad in Issue 21!
Just trade Steve Nash for Rick Nash and end the agony for all. #nhl #tsn #tradecentre #SNnation Passer for shooter.
I wasn't going to ask, but ya your wife should be on the list of things you don't hate.
just heard someone randomly whistle the old spice tune
so far, so good. It's not a #yackathon yet!
Disappointment is such understatement to describe how I feel about the #Caps loss last night. But, Wednesday will be another chance.
It's true! Cures all that ails you, puts hair on your chest...and kinda makes you feel like you might die!
svu all day!
I'm so sleepy but I can't sleep. What to do...what to do....
you are a Stl blockhead! Me too! :)
Me and made majorette :) <3 congratulations to us
Stay strong, Danielle. Stray song.
Ha Idk You Normally Disappear, But Yeah What Happened.?
Join people for organized progress rally tommorow @ the court house across fron ecc 4pm-7pm happy general strike day
Left the most incompetent Dr.'s office today, ever. Every patient that came in had a screwed up appt. time. Of course, it wasn't their fault
If you drive down the street and you see a blue tarp, Email us at
LMAO!! I'm glad you tweeted about it! :)
This is how playoff basketball should be played, people.
lol, yea I got married (;
real world= possibility that learning goals will not be met.
Hehe, couldn't resist. :) And thanks (again)! hugs
thats great. I'm sure you would. I'm working for a minor league hockey team in NJ, if you ever want to talk give me a call
Our iOS guy thinks they may look at location. If your US-based sports app just got 450 downloads in one hour from China…
It's Card Playing Day! "...he or she alone must decide how to play the cards in order to win the game.“---Voltaire
Getting closer to program load/save nirvanna for the VST intstrument...
know the song... We are going to see the King tara ra raaaa rah
. "Mr. President, Talk is cheap." || So is your charitable giving, Rick. A whopping 1.8%of adj gross income? #whatwouldjesusdo?
you could bring me some doe
Finally saw TABLOID. Now THAT is a wacked-out story.
I told him im srry for being crazy n he said your crazy in love .
can you follow me! I love you :3 #Boyfriend is amazing
follow me couzin its dj money!!
God will never leave you in a space absent of His grace... #God'sgrace
Thank you for the lovely card :)
feels a bit windy to be getting on an airplane, no? #kindafreaked by
- - I'm all about the good book, don't get me wrong. I just think Tebow is a poser. But yeah, Lil Hanz is pathetic.
Ok... you can drink with me too... c'mon! Get your ass up... I mean over here, lol!
Thank you for the RTs!
I know #1omf is waiting
Those who can, Do. Those who can't, Critique.
tell me y me was really talking about that nasty shit for like two weeks striaght. they are so distrubing
What are you reading/writing over the weekend?
"#YOLO" i say as i complain about the public transportation system
You know, you're a killer heart breaker.
um hell yes we should! my skype name is gabriellelauryn woo
Interesting horoscope for me today! Looks like shit is gonna go down.
Off to check out #OWS.. Camera in hand.
Where it will welcome you to snow :)
If you're not headed to for #4sqDay then come to #happyhour at :)
Merry Christmas to you also
wanna be a judge for SHOWGIRL SPECTACULAR?! Message me with why!
What color should I paint my nails?
I'm #AGirlThat can't wait to meet ! <U+2665>
Why can't people just appreciate all types music?
that's a lot to tell
When a girl gets jealous, it's normal. When a boy gets jealous, you know he's going to be loyal.
I want one. Now.
umm do I ever have a point? Lol
Gorov Music Marketing wishes you and your family a Happy Thanksgiving.
Just got an $11 pack of batteries for 66 cents with my Care rewards...WooHoo!
#FF the awesomely crude and hilarious
Learn about my three sons at leavingarlington.wordpress.com
Happy to have been at the launch, and so proud of you! Now "permit" yourself to rest a bit before the next big thing.
um Dave - I just asked why he was so certain. I never said I believed you would do anything. I don't have a clue.
Looks brilliant! Shared it with friends and can't wait to see it.
Thanks - I'm on board and giving it a trial week. Looks great so far, and I haven't even tried any tweaking yet :-)
Interesting morning. Sitting in the security office playing Draw something while a guy pleads not to go to jail.
JUST getting home. My momma irritating TF outta me!!!!
I'll be dreaming of my "Castle On A Cloud" for summer! whoot! :):)
#NP I'm not your toy by La Roux
You're very welcome!
Still using Word of Mouse to find your dream home? Call me to see the real thing. We can make house calls together. 817.975.9222
Flipping between the #Caps - Rangers and #Orioles - Yankees games #GreatSportsNight on TV!
Contest! Upload Craziest Spring Break Video/ Picture Winner $500. College's Funniest, Craziest New Website www.crazysobs.com
we need to do some work together brother I always wanted to do gospel!!!!!
When I first met u baby. Girl you were just Sweet 16. U just left your home woman & U were the sweetest thing I'd ever seen. B.B. King baby
Don't you hate school! So boring
Hah! I read 38pc as 38 parsecs. Oh, those crazy units!
Who's excited? It's only one more day until this week's Anime Night tomorrow night starting at 7pm! :)
Uh...don't we have to get through weekend two coming up?
sapong got screwed. should be 1-0! what the heck. terrible call.
Will schedule sharp stick for next week. If we do IRB, will have to go through mine, weird uni requirements.
that's how people start compounds.
It's your problem not mine
This girl giving me dirty looks
The Macy's Southridge Grand Opening shopping party is March 14! Or, wait until March 17 and meet "What Not To Wear" stylist Clinton Kelly :)
Thanks for the follow!
What is happening with these instrumentAl cutaways? Is that Sheila E. on the drums?
Raven Symone came out the closet today.....dang....everybody gay....smfh
2012 Rose Festival Court begins today with Wilson High School announcing first.
Guess I'll just go to sleep now, since there's nothing else to do. Night twitter <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
like omg.. my parents will be the reason for my downfall at deering after there cute little fboook posts.... fml
Knowledge speaks but wisdom listens. Enjoy your weekend.
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Saturday 04/28/12 is Dan and Sally!
I knew they were but i didn't know they were starting TOMORROW jeez
I see you fighting too! Let's get it!! RT War on June 2nd bring that title back to your city!!
THE MEET AND GREET JUST STARTED! Be right back while I go cry in a corner. ): -Sylvia </3
when we gonna see some epic fps action coming our way?
wish I was at the bloggers lounge then. Couple times i went in there, I didn't recognize anyone. Going to girl + Guy party
Can anyone recommend a good app/podcast to learn basic Italian phrases?
go read story!!! u will love it:) then RT it:D
Works Cited Q: 2 works by same author, but once using middle initial and once not. Use --- for 2nd occurrence, or use name both times?
Thrilled to be a sponsor: Dallas Sales Leadership Summit: Jeff Shore/Jason Forrest. Grow your skills and your sales! More: www.jeffshore.com
So true. RT I've noticed that anybody driving slower than me is an idiot, and anyone going faster than me is a maniac
He's got such a sweet smile :-)
i dont knoow sorry im horrible with skype :S whats his skype name? and same here! his bracelets are amazing! im gonna buy them
Its a bad sign when my neck hurts this bad only 12 out from the workout, Im going to be miserable at 2 hours
hahaha no too much work lol
Freestyling to some Rookie the Cook beats. I think I might just rip one at SPEAK mic tonight.
THIS MY SHIT
Missin my favs, see you lovely ladies saturday :)
working saturday? we gots some drinking to do.
I think I'm in love with you.. So how do I tell you
Good Luck Today Keep getting those RBI's!!!!
My 2nd fav band, , will play @ Circle-A Cafe in Riverwest tonight, 8 pm central time (My 1st favorite band is George Michael)
Call/Text me.
I got your grandma on my dick ;)
Bahn mi craving = fulfilled. Thanks, Buford Highway!
Brownsville is the dingleberry of Texas
let me guess. He's screaming at the computer. And saying jeez every other possession.
thx for the follow! Would love to help you out!
out in god's country
which one?
Got to love those people profiting from Swine already!
Donna's pretty amazing with crochet needles. You have got to see her upcycled bags and repurposed homemade gifts.
IKR just sad
lovelovelovelove YOU! Can't wait to treat you tonight... dress nice, like you always do :) XO!
i read about that. Most guys dont worry abt sodium til close to show thanks agn!
Brandon blasting the music is not helping my headache. :(
LOL thanks hommie please tell me the next event
CONGRATULATIONS! to our #sweepstakes #WINNER, Julie Moore! Thank you to everyone who participated & stay tuned for more goodness from UA!
thanks you too
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life. It goes on.
Sleeping is so cool!
thanks! it was a fun shoot, part of a larger video project we did
Only two #FF today? Aw man!
Those days when nothing exciting happens untill the end of the day! #woah!
Very educational evening w Torene Svitil at re: How to Fill Out Your Academy Paperwork for Oscars!
RT lol : Headed to Texas- Where the Queso flows like wine and the sexy boys flock instinctively like the salmon of Capistrano
Mother of 19 Michelle Duggar says overpopulation is a "lie." Do you think there are too many people on the planet?
Crowdsourcing has been around for years...we are now seeing mature apps emerge like Waze.
RT : last day of the DCcodeathon! starting off day w chocolate cake bacon eggs and sausage! Thanks for the cake !
my fault pimpin !! phone is trippin can you text me Fam
"W's"? Are you talking wins or women?
congratulation man your dream has come true
Kudos to our service team: "This has been so easy.. Let’s just say our previous vendor was nothing like this.” - LSU Eunice,
Carry On My Wayward Son
Just had a great dinner at The still-with-power lodge restaurant. Now enjoying running wtr in our hotel rm.
I wanna stay home <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
haha are you a med student?
plus i think liam was saying how much he niall hates smoking
Chicago Philadelphia game is too intense! Damn I love playoff basketball.
Brilliant work. Peace & Blessings & much love for all the good you do in the world!
my eyes are still hurting lol
Don't trust a hoe
I fell asleep in my cousins room and had some weird dreams. Then I think someone woke me up and scared me. Gyeh.
my car in the shop
S/O to my cousin hosting a convention down in Ohio for
Thank you for the shoutout!
We never know what we have to its gone
We want a Season 3 of #breakoutkings PLEASE!
RT : At the bar, always take a bullet for your buddy...unless that bullet weighs 300 pounds.
aha! Well then, all is right in the world.
You should spread love to me by following me... =)
Love that the name tags from #kodm have a font big enough to read via Livestream. Good going!
Riding in my car so fast, I won't turn down the speed <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Great having time off from my job sitting here sipping my enriched coffee! Yum and it also gives me a lot of energy
have you heard about Hart of Dixie or Ringer?
Dang the giants. Ugh I wanted the patriots to win.... Anyway GO BEARS!
fantastic acoustics at the civic opera house. heavenly #wilco show so far.
m...... I have to stop, this is when I get LOUD RT : "Cough...cough" There we go.RT hi babe. just relax.
Everyone help me wish my bro a very Happy Birthday!!! :)
www.TheSlidersMusic.com - I promise you won't be disappointed
“I don't trust anyone who doesn't laugh.” - Maya Angelou
Are you just sitting there, thinking you missed class 9 minutes ago? Nonsense. CLASS STARTS AT 6 TONIGHT!!!
At work listening to gay as fuck Pandora playlist.. ugh -___-
Lets remember our troops this July 4th...celebrating freedom and independence everywhere!
Enjoying a burrito. And no, there are no manuscript materials in the room. It's safe in here.
Can't wait to kick it with my young niggah tho (:
I Cried When, i was watching Never say never.
too damn funny
Tomorrow we make the official announcement – YSP inaugural meeting to take place Tuesday, Oct. 11 @ 6:00 p.m.! Can't wait! ^CO
i followed
We set out to make #CouncilDistrictsMaps selection an #openprocess. Encourage Detroiters to attend final mtg at 7pm.
yo how can i get that money down there busta!!!
Transformer 3 time
very good indeed. Still amazed how quick they found it and went right in.
Are You An Independent Artist?? Check Out MusicalStop.com !!!!! and make your next project a monumental SUCCESS!!!
So sad to be #missinginaction in Indy. Someone send me a ticket quick!
He is so short-tempered.... I love it. lol now those are the people that get things accomplished! lol
ooh what language is that one?
Heading to bed and leaving this conversation to you two. Still not sure it fits, but then MCN2011 was an amazing conf.
Thanks for bringing the family to our place!
I love them both. I have Patti Lupone's memoir on my dresser. She's a Long Island girl, like me! What did they sing from Merrily?
Potomac Leadership Group Loudoun Chamber Leadshare luncheon tomorrow at Belmont Ridge Country Club 11-2pm.
dealing with American airlines is a nightmare!!
it's not like last night was horrible. Good music on short notice. Definite plus
Thanks for the RTs! Enjoy the short week!
Working hard!
Love hearing the #Local Natives on . . . great band. Start playing Wide Eyes = evern better than airplanes
Such a great addition! RT : So excited about the new downtown trolley! Can't wait to check it out
Dont forget to send in your pics if you streaked last weekend
Mother Theresa's warmth is a reminder of what is possible within each of us when Making Friends w/ the Angels. She's a gem.
I can go to the #VansWarpedUK as long as i somehow get to London! Translation: You can't go! D':
You should post that on Queen james page.
Short vanity moment: I love it when people see my name tag and assume that I am a student. That can have some cons, but I say it's a pro.
He is greater than I
Never seen this many And1s in my life!
will you call your contacts and get BET in the Hotel for the team in Auburn?
LMFAO <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> RT : I hate Demi! She blows my ass out the water with her suicidal mood!
Give thanks and rest well!!
ok. Let's try. I texted you also.
Your definately ahead of me on that one lol.
Gross gross gross. Someone help me .----. Creepy dude.
"Judge A Book" by ft. is now on rotation in Nevada and New York City!!! Please support this great song!!!”
Thanks!! Props to whoever runs your #twitter handle, you guys are definitely on top of your stuff.
she said shinne it up wit some Vaseline
There's a rainbow in your eyes, there's a star on your teeth, there's a moon on your hand. But there's your girlfriend beside you :(.
Just a little kindness goes a long way.
So every one except white people are a minority- amanda. Haha funny shitl
I've been waiting on my cousin for like 2 hours this bitch hella slow !
WATCHING THE HILLS SEASON 2 I TELL YOU IT'S SO GOOD SO GLAD I BOUGHT THE CD
So after last tweet being said follow my other page for business & support
R Kelly haan
I came across a report suggesting that the average user has about 302 friends on Facebook but maybe no one to hang out on a Saturday night
The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts while the stupid ones are full of confidence
Go a little early. Read up on what your going to hear as well. You may even listen to the piece before too!
#follow Friday because she is totally awesome!
Keep reading that "serendipitous discovery" would be lost in a purely digital library environment. But isn't that just another UI challenge?
Get access to a Dr who's worked w/ the #Chargers for 20+ years with $50 for $150 worth of chiropractic services! www.dailygroupsavings.com
God is, by definition, an extraterrestrial.
you bet- I love buffer! Btw- we launched inboundscore.com for managing inbound leads. Would love to get your feedbck sometime.
Coastal Bend transportation officials, law enforcement gear up for new laws
very ready to get back in school...never thought I'd say that
A light rain at the #SBVillage, but nobody seems to care.
that was one of my first concerns! Lol I'm serious.
this weekend is gonna be great (:
q5) Some answers seem counterintuitive to SoME movement...
Not going to school today :P REASON: Dad, recently just got out of surgery and he's in lots of pain. Hope my dad feels better SOON!
Thank you for the #FF!
Best ass?
really intereseting visit to district 219 high schools - ideas for partnerships forming
#np Pour Me FAV SONG EVER
ok tweeps help me prove a point and follow please. I promise not to make it too science-y
Everyone is farting on my jacket
jetsetter! Are you gone all weekend??
Please no Descendants at #SAGawards. Stop the Hawaiian yodeling PLEASE!
When your teacher makes you work with someone you fucking can't stand -__-
...and GlobalMeet beats WebEx any day
Wtf aren't they supposed to give vampire diares smfh so much head
I'm cry right now... Justin has come a long way.<3 Thank You Scooter for everything<3
Some Malibu and Pineapple Juice would go hard now....or coconut Ciroc and Pineapple Juics
hey touch? -thomas
Looking for some peeps to play #CoD Black Ops on #PS3 with. My PSN is Kaptiv8 - add me.
Our pleasure you guys! We're looking forward to the grand opening...
photo includes swimming pool
Today suck. Turns out I can't do summer softball because of some camp my mom signed me up for that I don't even want to do
Dominique Nicole & Alicia John COO of Dominique Nicole Entertainment LLC just completed a powerful brainstorming session FOOD FOR THE SOUL..
let's go heatt
Sometimes I wonder who the fuck I am,
Isn't it!!
Hunger Games again with the birthday boy. Happy birthday Dad!
im booked to stay in the nice resort, but cant check n til 2 tomorrow afternoon. But I would have to get up ...
"Blah Blah Blah Blah" "Ok, I Gotcha Mom.."
Ohh,which video was that?:)
I'm back in MIA. Exhausted after #MW2011, but inspired to get back to work.
If it ain't.bout food or.money don't call the num
It came together..preciate u checking back
I used to be a sweet person - that was before all the lies, cheating, broken promises & countless heartbreaks.
wassup bro follow back
Bring on the Giants, the fans in Green Bay need revenge for the '07 NFCCG.
did you know Mark before the show. Or any cast members
Being home from work isn't enjoyable when you're sick and can't do anything fun :/
hey cherokee babe
Back at home from a long nights work. Watching the ID Channel as I wind down a bit..
My man learned to reply all! Hell yeah Fred. RT put your money where your mouths are!
Yes, totally will be w/ you. Which ship is it that is Haunted?? USS Hornet..have u been on that one?? lol
Sometimes my wife and I lay in bed playing Hanging with Friends with each other back and forth.
APPRECIATE THAT EXCLUSIVE COPY OF THAT MIXTAPE HOMIE THAT HOE JAMMIN BRO!
Started submitting to #indiepublishers. Anyone with #indie experience have suggestions? Recommendations? Dangers?
#shoutout to the people who have listened to The Weeknd since HOB and have been reppin' him hard af ever since
Real difficulties can be overcome, it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable. ~ Theodore N. Vail
Finally reuniting with and it feels so good.
Ah, he ran in #pa10, but he didn't actually live in
I gotta get some new car insurance
Submit all your Miami based events to be included on our event calendar. Email to !
Runners: what stretch helps very upper thigh, pretty much in the middle (slightly inner)? It hurts.
Ah.. have fun then.
Heading to NYC with and
Today is a day for 80s music to be played very loud and to be sung to very badly. Happy Friday, folks!
I know Peggy from Prime Credit isn't real. But I still checked his Facebook to see what he's up to.
lol, I mean, where does one even buy something like that?!?
it's ok and I'm so excited I can't wait I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOUR AMAZING !!!!!!!
I'm free and ready, so we can go steady. How's about savin' all your time for me?
Watching the Vow makes me miss Chi-town
Totally agree and looking forward to next time!
Altavista splits pair as district chase heats up - Altavista
WE NEED APP
The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion. - Camus
Please stop wishing me Happy Mother's Day. I am not a mom yet people!
nice, but was hoping for steak and kidney with follow up photos.
Thanks :) Do you consider yourself a professional genealogist, or is this more of a personal project?
right... like that would ever happen. lol
THERE ARE SOME THINGS YOU JUST DONT DO AROUND PEOPLE! !
people I use to care about have made it easy not to care at all.
CHECKING OUT THE BRAVES??? COME STAY WITH US AND ENJOY OUR SOUTHERN HOSPITALITY!!!
Jay Z agrees with gay marriage. Marry me ?!!!
I looked her up when she was on In Plain Sight last year. She's also Mel Gibson's daughter in "What Women Want" and the...
Haven't had caffeine in ten days and I'm feelin great!
That's so cool, congrats! I love her too, she's hilarious.
The neighborhood at colfax and josephine is really diverse yet the new dog park is always full of white people.
Hey Huskies #FYI the University's doing more network stuff this AM and library online services (like ILL) might go in and out- back by 12p
St John of the #Cross "where there is no love, put love, and you will draw love out."
Quote of the day: "It was the first time that I had seen a person whose profession was telling lies - unless one counts journalists." Orwell
Longhorns, the only positive thing about actually being at the Cotton Bowl is you don't have to listen to Brent Musburger.
I guess he was really busy. Hey, gotta find time to do an interview, right? Enjoy the beautiful day!
Haven't been on here in FOREVER!
Kobe clocked in with a motive yesterday... I'm just saying though... That is all
- Thanks for the #FF!
": You remind me of my Chinese friend.. Ug Lee"
“: TMobile has trash service mane” Ggggaaarrbage!
. like seeing that has an opening 6/24 to be the headliner on N2 of your inaugural Harriett Island Festival!
Ah, Liverpool I see! I didn't make it out there when I lived in London for a short time. I've always regretted it. :(
Cleveland Clinic getting props on Grey's tonight...
haha I called Zach a meany butt too since he called me short lol im kidding Zach gives the best hugs ever!!!!
Pee pee Joke?
vs. Stephen A is hilarious... Stephen A laid waste to him today though.
What up joe hit me up 216-965-5472 Rick when get time love the video need some t shirts for the day care
Thanks for the S/O!!
Indeed -- I really enjoyed that episode.
of course you do realize this does mean war! :~)
Oh MY!
Austin I'm Your Biggest Fan In The World Please Follow Me<3
stop it Lt. I don't want you telling everyone that.. It makes me embarrassed.
#FF hot ass bitches
(Re)Writing copy to explain something I made is crazy hard. My strategy so far is to stare at it intently.
. notes: we will always need the vertical and the horizontal // cc
#Revenge time!
Boston was added a couple months ago, thanks for the enthusiasm!
Today is #autism awareness day!
pls follow which just raised $220k in 12min in #NJ 2underwrite production of
yea but I gotta get up at 6
downtown here in San Antonio (:
I think more players should do what Barry Sanders did.. Make your money and get out with your body and mind intact..
A Friday is a Friday, who cares if it's the 13th, 6th or whathever.. Friday is all that matters... btw
Hot boxing the smoosh room in Lily's house with Steph and Lily >
AP: Medical examiner says Mary Richardson Kennedy, estranged wife of RFK Jr., died of asphyxiation due to hanging
Mayoral-race ripple or something bigger and/or badder? Check out for latest bulletins.
...or you could drop trou and put an a$$ print there. (Sorry, tough day!!)
TY Denise Kasper for Self Coaching program at JAM. Part of ICW More info icfgr.com
Tweeting about being at media studies panel on tweeting. Surprisingly heavy on the content creation and personal brand side of things.
Tomorrow=busy Me= freaking out Friends=trying to make me smile
Glad to have you following. What a fantastic service you offer! Be sure to also chk out Looking forward to your tweets!
So do we! RT : I love yoga
#Gemini can go from zero to sixty and right back to zero before you knew what hit you.
LMFAO says when he walk on by girls look at him like damn he fly or maybe cuz hez wearin animal print underwear!!!
Napoleon Dynamite <3
Welcome! We have a facebook group setup for Hotel reservations and ride share coordination.
G. M. TO ALL TWITTER..... HOPE EVERYONE HAVE A WONDERFUL DAY!!!~
At least Counsell drew a couple of walks.
Fister is mouthing during every out..."Thanks for the run support,bitches"!!
It's not my birthday anymore<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
We also exclusively use x5 scanners... If you have images sans negatives, the Cruse museum imager is the solution...
oh my goodness! Yes please ((:
feelin you threw sound waves
UPDATE! The Versa Spa will be ready to use Monday 12/12 shortly after 4 pm! It takes a while to install ;)
Especially if it was using an old-school film loop ;)
pls follow me make my dreams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 31
No problem, catching up on a lot of follow backs right now!
it looks to be full - big and bright!
omg don't even
Nosed by a 17-1 shot and favourite out of money. Great value ATB there. Fair Grounds later & thats it other than investments
Thanks! I passed your portfolio to our project leader :)
So awesome to meet you today, Diana! Way to bring it in class tonight! Can't wait to see ya again soon!!
Supernatural season finale TONIGHT at 9pm! 2 people will be lost.
You know it's April when you're at work until 9pm two nights in a row.
MT : Why do so few MPs get that our need for 80% CO2 cut means we can't balance every success with a new airport
If they were even minimally informed, they'd be yelling that he flopped. Which obviously has no merit, but it's what I'd do...
i can hardly breath as i have a cold as well ugh..
I'm sure he'd join you. He's a very friendly guy. But he's at work!
Note to self: Do not go trick or treatin' at Frank Conaway's house next year.
RT Have you been the victim of a scam by a rental car company? Email to help with a story. Please RT
Botox much?
its alright though. Just imagine your in downtown but like in 100 degrees.
RT : Want to improve the quality of #talent coming into your #business? Check out CXP’s portfolio company,
Reactions to Mr. Gieschen's jokes: 2% genuine laughter 3% polite laughter 5% sarcastic laughter and 90% absolute silence.
I heard it was scary tho.
But requires another account I believe so contact SI computer [-]
This fitting is a fitting fitting.
uh oh wuz wrong princess
Young Lady: Oh my gawd...are you in that Mormon show.
I can't stay off my tl... I ain't use to this... drunk but I gotta see how she feel
Hi. You need to be my best friend. You are rad!
You only get one chance to make a first impression...Little things matter: dress, posture, body language
I think I'm also addicted to Facebook! lol
Thank you for sharing your experience. All of us need to hear that success can come to one who self publishes.
True dat. Stay safe and strong.
It's the Tuesday Morning Question: What are you "allergic" to in your artistic practice?
I LOVE YOU ROC!!!!
I think a GPS should get the voice of R. Lee Ermey the famous Marine and actor. "TURN LEFT, CHUG ON OVER TO MAMBY PAMBY LAND YOU JACK-WAGON!
"I feel like a salmon swimming upstream"
With every moment we live we create our past.
Good recording sesh... now off to SD
January 14th Waterstreet Music Hall with and ... You best be there,maybe will even have some MERCH?;0
Dan, I've got your track scheduled to be featured as the download of the day on 5/2/12.
Teacher's spend their days driving students to do their best and achieve! Let Us Drive your favorite teacher to an appreciation dinner!
omg lol, I forgot about that...surprise surprise. "no sir, I'm sorry, I need this bike."
yup, I'm at the American Society for Training & Development conf in Denver.
Gol Dang! Congrats!!!
Shaking each part of the body to cleanse&release all that is ready to go,naturally reclaims and resets the body back to it’s vibrant nature.
when you wish Madison could notice you but he can't because he dosent follow you and you're not on his timeline..
Thanks for an inspiring night at #Entreprelooza! We loved hearing Mayor Gray champion IT entrepreneurs who are transforming DC!
Something ugly going down at university and central
Good Morning World, let's make dreams reality!
*Smile* What a lovely fam Carlos!
girl . .why did I have some PINKBERRY today . . SMH OMG, I feel you now
you're pretty cool!
It's no LIVE SILVERFISH but I did just find a very old fingernail clipping in this collection
Imagine Me.
School fundraiser coming up - sell soap and bath salts instead of candy! We do custom labeling - call Jeff at 312-320-5862 for more info!
#Bucks GM John Hammond says "I don't look at our team and say its broke. We gave good players" but acknowledges holes...
$150.00 back for 4 textbooks. Looks like I'm drinking Woodford this weekend.
So ready for this week to be over so I can see you sooner.
If someone would bring me something to eat I'd be so greatful
Venture capital fuels Latin American entrepreneurship
Our Choir performs Friday 10/14 at 1:30 and next Tuesday, 10/18 at 7:30 p.m. Both performances in our cafeteria.
Oh damn... That ain't good
I hope someone I know or someone from NYF wins to go to springle ball
kind of looks like a French guy with a monocle.
Sunshine Terrace is at 5607 Sunshine Dr. 78756. It's a converted motel, so it has few units and a neat look.
Oh trust me mine isn't going to be 8 pages either
He Better Suck Some Balls Andd` Make The Call 312-1000 Lmfaoo
Thanks. I mean, Goodell goes too far and has too much power, IMO
Used my heart monitor to track heart-rate while sleeping and then running; all numbers match target averages on the dot :)
Come see us tomorrow @ 6586 Centennial Drive, Reynoldsburg, Ohio. Numbers @ 8:30am. Doors open from 9am to 3 pm.
Andy Pettitte comes out of retirement and joins the yankees
What a week. Thankful for the people in my life.
My pretty face paid for That pool, and my talent filled it with water!
#sageu question -- my client recently asked "how do we increase out followers" -- any advice on what to tell them?
ok time to start the dvr of SMASH FINALE
Whenever someone writes Fatima it reminds me of Fanta and then I need a drink
playing video games.. 4 hrs of sleep. Still not tired
wat day mean
Leaving tomorrow. So ready to get the hell out of Memphis
Ugh idislike drama class the teacher is soo.MEAN
Tweet Sex!!..
nice- best of luck!
Today is "National Go Barefoot Day." Now there's an excuse to take the shoes off in the office or on the Metro. Just keep the Febreze near.
Aldridge has to work his way inside the Olympic circle, but a big man who can stick the 20 footer... that's a skill Team USA could use.
What's your plans for Saturday night #Indy tweeps?
Thanks for the tweet, Ian. Glad you like it!
just did! Thank you so much for the kind words! :)
I can't wait until you in Chicago May 12th bought my tickets early, very early
Need some random laughs? Do urself a favor and follow
Corned Beef and Cabbage and Corned Beef Sandwiches and Irish Nachos and Shepherd's Pie, oh my!
Its my Friday! Long weekend ahead!
you don't go out?
Im so stoked for you to be rockin the new site hot stuff. My fav site thus far.
so you won't be at the GATE Event tonight then? :(
Sorry I'm late but Thanks for the #FF! lol :) xoxo
What do you know about the National Strength and Conditioning Association?
Your first impression is always looks, right when you see somebody you can't tell they have a good personality..
Thanks for the RT and the great work!
Dude -- The CD mix rocks! Thanks for taking the time to make it and send it.
mothers are lovely, aren't they?
yes... oatmeal does, indeed, have an unsatisfying texture which just can't be cured with butter, sugar cinnamon, etc...
Whistling Straights and a 77, very nice!!
just seriously...go away...it never was and never will be funny, jackass.
you think i'm joking superman...
Calling it a night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Hate when I serve myself a bowl of cereal, but when I look in the fridge for milk, theres none. #FAIL -_-
Listening to the guest speakers at the PRSA luncheon talk about pitches! Good info, now I know what they specifically want!
4-5% getting by w/o buying textbooks, 10% sharing textbooks, 56% buying online, 1/3 wait to buy until they see if course uses it
I guess I don't have an easy way of winning your eternal love; I have no idea what that's from. So... do tell.
what's ya digits?(;
Everything happens for a reason....love that quote
Me too sista! Feel better.
Ayyyeee shout out 2my new follower ! :)
bored as fuck on the ps3...chillin in my room some1 come over
Eating Ramen noodles while studying for finals.
SWAG=YOURS TRULY
you bored? Or just on one tonight? Your tweets are cracking me up.
I get by with a little help from my friends. Thanks for keeping me sane
Doesn't take much for me to think that dude is an ass clown. I also agree we will be fine.
Can a young nigga get money anymore
~~The eyes see what they want to see, the ears hear what they want to hear, but the heart feels what is real.~~
how can someone not care about 1D and have never heard of Ed?! 1D are brilliant and Ed is perfect!
are u guyz still in ny im comn back hopefully when i go to manhattan u guys will be there :)
Health code violation?
yo, you never texted me back bro
don't know specific details yet but yes it was reported.
Russian Roulette
Emma's Revolution: "like Rachel Maddow and Jon Stewart with guitars." Sunday, March 18, 7 pm, Civic Media Center, 433 South Main Street
Saw an eagle circle the bottom while talking with roa
I got my twitter forever after you and I'm on tweet 1400. :/ that's more than you.
Come on D Freese. Give me one home run today.
idk what i'd do without tumblr
"You drive. I've had 11 whiskeys." --Ron Swanson
A student said "I think you should get paid more since you are the one doing all the technology and teaching teachers how to do it too!" :)
Happy birffday! :D
Would you like a hardcopy of our pathfinder description or shall we post it on blackboard?
Back to School Night?
“: you should start with Vol 1” you got and kept my attention I will be reading as often as you post :-)
I swear Women Lie about their professions more than Men do. Bitch work at The GAP but her Bio says Fashion Designer! 0_o
HALLIGAN FRIDAY SPECIALS- $3 Bud and Bud Light Bottles, $3 Domestic Drafts, $3.50 Absolut Peach and Pear Drinks, $5 All Bombs!!
For a work week that is only 4 days long for me it certainly is taking its sweet time getting done.
dm we have a way to dramatically improve Edu pArticularly remote students and Are trying to move HQ to TX. Can you help?
RT can't wait to see project MINNA<-can't wait to show you&the crew.official name coming soon (thanks to ) - possibly:)
working seven days this week. what kind of work do you do? do you like to shoot guns?
Why do I look?
July was slow but things are starting to pick up in August. Dare we say the recession is behind us???
Lightning in a bottle is so soon!! :D i am so ready!!
so very full of chai latte...
- Thanks Jason! How about this as your show motto: "A comic a day the BevNerd way!"
Because he's never had a big injury before, Terrell Suggs may be underestimating his rehab time. Returning in 4 months is beyond optimistic.
I love not having anything to do
My bed is so comfy right now <3
SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE
no - there wasn't anything to steal. just wanted to bust in the window. :(
don't look down on me cuz I have a Bonneville and u have a charger wit no kids man fuck that car my kids come first
Researching #yurts with
fuckin wish.. Gotta test at 6 or else you know I'd be there
What's your church called?
Did John Travolta ask the masseur to jerk his "Sweathog"? Oh!
Six Flags was so much fun yesterday :D
Ik but I have known al the manoa ppl since
congrats on the gig duder!
Happy Valentine's Day!
Problems are progress.
Stop it with the emoshit tweets
embrace it! Turn it up and partyhard!
hey boo ... wat you doing?
The rutgers-newark website is having some technical difficulties at the moment. We're working on it!
When people see the word "Ireland" they think of a normal country. When directioners see it, we think of Niall.
RT if your remember when silly bands were popular :)
The LIRR to Isles game...alcohol consumption encouraged apparently.
Bow to Queen HIIT! word! done!
fun times!!
Random tweet
"If you're bodies aren't used to extraneous activities..."
That is a great quote! Thanks.
Star Wars hologram reference by during his energetic opening for us. Always a plus.
thank you lol
It's true, somebody do something dumb and you be like "this funky bitch, here"
good lookin on listening to the joint appreciate it if u can try to come out the 29th for the video we shooting
I will try to find out if they are accepting hs&r :)
Work on me, my pants saggin
Today is a good day!!!!
We appreciate ya taking the needle last night. Hopefully you got a nice rubdown from a co-ed back in CoMo
you talked to Ben bout Saturday
Memphis joins the #BigEast in 2013 and then, the Metro Conference takeover will finally be complete. Give thanks to Mike Tranghese.
That nerdy moment when the dentist is drilling on my teeth and I think the sound sounds like a lightsaber war.
Happy 21st baby, I love you. See you Friday
Experimenting with Dubstep!
I've been sick, so i've been pretty much on drugs.
The weekend, again? Whew! This week went quick! Who's up for a bottle of red and some omg's?
you better come!
I'm sleepy
People of Ikea is the new people of Walmart
don't I won't have no one to talk to bout Cody and I don't have Costs number So yeh how Will I talk to y'all o wait I have ur #
The Knicks need to get rid of Carmelo or Amare. Those two just can't co-exist.
I thought Andy worked 5 WPTs in the last 7 years?
I'm so happy you and commented. I think you are spot on.
I LOVE Russell Westbrook
I *can* get fooled again: Every year, I try the light Egg Nog. And every year, it tastes like the mop-water from the real Egg Nog factory...
At least it's not a free iPad.
“: I'm in desperate need of a professional massage.” same
Yep - great show!
sacrifice the body for culinary excellence!
Picked daughter up after away game. Disembarking team bus takes about as long as the QM II. Got fed up, dropped 1st-ever F-bomb with the kid
Omg. Im hurting.
Hubby and I are in the middle of moving. Have you ever moved? What's been your worst or best experience?
Why is it so difficult to meet decent guys?
We'd use #Glyph for a mini- server, Unity 3D assets, in Domegirls class in planetarium production!
by far the funniest thing ive heard all day
Thanks for a doozy of a First Waltz. Hey Madison, See you tomorrow!
ok Doc...(lol) I went thru the "growing up in NY- going to an All white school - being chubby" issues, but I made it thru!
I asked ya think Romney cares about poor, & he says oh ya.made me laugh & he said Bush was a great Prez.I now claim a dumbass sighting
lol RT : Walk in is at midnight, you have over an hour from 10:45PM hehe
Airing my interview with my idol, Pantera drummer, Vinnie Paul -- This completes a part of me. -- Live @ ZenLive.tv
"...in the corner was not Luol Deng who is out with a wrist injury. It was Brian Scalabrine, the human victory cigar, who missed the shot."
#GeekTrivia question: In the League of Extraordinary Gentleman movie, who was the villain Tom Sawyer shot?
What if we call them 'micro-cabbages' instead?
Its fucking tomorrow -.- & I'll be there at 7:30 sharp :D you were the one late last time :((
#DailyAffirmation: I create my own security.
Dancing and Rapping r my life! Without them I wud die <3
Your #motivation is never questioned when your are trusted. SeanLetwat
RT : It's the network, stupid. -- at
real life! Lol
LOL you already know boo!! :-*
I'm sure the next owners would like my shit.
Horrible experience with Cancelled appt 24+ hrs in advance and they refuse to refund deposit. Took month for them to decide.
mayweather is a bitch “: ESPN is always out to make floyd mayweather look dumb!”
Hi there AmbitiousYF
its a product used to reduce bags and dark circles around your eyes.
Gym in the morning
Live below your means, within your needs. 1 out of every two ppl are living at or below the poverty line.
You can sit courtside by yourself at the #Heat #Lakers game tonite for ONLY $7,648 on
love that the Cowgirls lose again...Where is Jerry Jones jumping around now? Out of his box???
bitch keep switchin seats n shit .. make up your damn mind
Tough loss for St. Clement against league best Hardy Prep. Still scrapped till the end tho
I think the alarm was a user error
Everything runs right on time! Years of practice and design, spit and polish til it shines! (he thinks he'll keep her)
Unfortunately no, sorry!
Cant find one faithful person . I live to learn and learn to see
I would just like to point out that I was a beast with a bow before catniss and the hunger games made it hot.
that kinda sounds weird. now that i think about it. like us on the toilet? wut.
My first p90x experience begins now!
ok now i'm going to bed!
Honestly , am I good looking?
Congrats to the Inspire by Example Award Winners!Keep up the good work!!!
Thanks for the #CCCFV and #JLCC post about the segment March 14th at 9am.
Tonight! "DJ Fredx VS Stubby" Tonight AND Every Friday from 10pm-close
And UK's DEFENSE COMES BACK STRONG!!!!!!!
hahahahaha wait like you mad or what? Wait? Like oh what?
Found another photo of Read's Drug Store in #PealeBCLM. It's nitrate so I'm scanning it then moving it to Freezer Storage.
I have to meet a "waste time on the Internet" deadline at 1:15.
Thanks to and for allowing us to spread our message at your great show this weekend!
ok, obviously he follows some people, but only the cool people... That's why he didn't follow you, you ain't cool enough..
San Marcos bound!!! Guess I'm going out tonight :-(
off for 20 days... i need it
With amanda and hon. Hanna Beth Jackson at
This RT If anybody disagrees that Nick Collins is a Packer hall of famer they're a moron.
she follows back
WHERE R U?! IM ALONE IN GYM!?!
Great job on 2011 Playbook! May be a bold statement but i think its FB Product of the year!
You don't no fear in my heart at all
because now I can enjoy beautiful downtown Milwaukee and dinner at Buck Bradley's
Lmao ": Calling One Direction straight is an insult. How dare you!!"
my house smells like soup.
he bled on that track..some real shit.
Of 202 active shooter incidents 29% were in schools, 23% in malls or commercial settings, 13% in offices, 13% in factories and 22% other.
Could've used that advice 15 years ago…
if you dont know who angel is you can leave just leave
What are the nutrients in a piranhas diet?: Hey answer…ers? I really need some quick info. What are the nutrients in a piranhas diet?...
I decided a long time ago that sticking your hand in a body to keep an explosive from going off was unprofessional.
today. You drive
How about it ?! RT : Suite for the 500 and all expense paid trip to Vegas for the finale.
RT #hardcorememories Stabbing the sh*t out of ur Capri Sun!!! Good Morning Beautiful People! Good Friday!**lmao!
yeah, lets do that
“: god you are FOUL grrrrrrossss” *fowl
lol I HATE YOU. And we BOTH know that homeless man was stupid af
#top10Lies I forgot I owed you.
is healing the pain of victims who can never discuss their own personal experiences. Thanks for all you do.
Def a good motto for #athletes to have RT U don't play to compete you play to win
looking to enjoy birthday Wednesday with you both! Any specials?
I want =D hahaha
its only 11:40 in Chicago and yet Michigan still sucks
We I glad Mumz had a gud tyme, I will Sis I might bring my Sis 2 C it her bday is Friday..Um thankz Sis u gave me an idea ;-)
youre crazy, lady!! ;)
Super #Bored Not Sleepy....
i hate when i see the same quote 100000 times every day by different people
WE WOULD LIKE A FOLLOWER SHOUT OUT ! :D PLEASE ?
MY DICK
to send you tracks,I produce
Hiding Our Feelings Will Only Make This Love Tougher ..
If you think "everything happens for a reason" about EVERYTHING that happens life gets more fun. Try it. I'm serious.
Don't forget that if you think it's hot in your office, think about your field employees. Noting says I care about your safety like H2O.
Food lust and I am about to tear into pig. Damn that guy cooks a lot of pig! mysteriously disappeared during cleanup.
I have panic attacks about what would happen if the site shuts down
#thatawkwardmoment when im actually wrong... and i admit it.
Braun. The Dodgers have been out of it since June 1st!
remember when I kicked in church?!
RT : Where are you going to get your #tacotuesday on? DM your email and I'll send you a drink! #bartab + tacos=
Watching Dawson's Creek episodes instead of writing papers. God I love the 90s
Get your finances together people. Most of your life depends on it.
true that!
Where do you want Austins next concert to be?
Love my new iPod touch.
This is our weekend, thanks for the #ff. Go
Broke my big toe. Like an idiot of of course.
- it was insightful, I took notes and will keep them in mind when I establish the business. All the best with Colonial.
More than half the people ever born are still alive; maybe death ISN'T inevitable.
Never hit a man with glasses. Use your fist.
Thanks for the suggestions!
well he sounds like a total asshat. be proud of who you are - there's nothing wrong with you! :D
ikr!! Me too!
Please note we'll be closing at Noon on Nov 23rd, and closed all day Nov. 24th and 25th. Happy Thanksgiving & safe travels everyone!
Disconnecting until Monday. Weekend in the wild!
Come try our new Veggie Soup! Roasted Red Pepper Corn Chowder! Perfect for a cold day like today!
The Vikings and Giants sold every seat at a neutral site in Detroit in 90 minutes all with one day notice! Only in the
Welcome! I hope you enjoy. I'm looking forward to your comments.
1st bathroom someone pissed all over both stalls, 2nd bathroom under construction, 3rd bathroom I can finally go and tweet this.
In some meetings at #alamw11 I get so excited I start talking loudly, waving my hands & smiling and ppl act like I'm nuts.
Yes sir. Cannot beat the old stadium.
dude that is me....
Do they have any commercials for gay men? That aren't on gay websites?
Wauwatosa -- Structure Fire 66th and North. Mutual Aid West Allis and Elm Grove. One victim removed from fire. Med unit requested.
I pulled my hair back though. I'm good.
in need of some company!
I'm hurt that my top model is not even following me!
cool thanks :-)
Glad that it was useful. The great thing is there are few right or wrong answers, mainly degrees of experimentation...
Scott Brooks just called Kobe the best in the game.
Sign up for Daily Deal of the Day Tweets, starting 06/01/10 Check out the opening day coupon for Water World of Colorado www.denver4less.com
I hope my first check's good tomorrow. I wanna get so shitfaced tomorrow night or Saturday.
RT : A2: Corp websites are good places for benefits info; but go to SOCIAL profiles to get a feel for the culture.
I want to gouge your eyes out
Thank you Alonso - can't wait to read your ebook on making social familiar!
Any other details about Celso's passing? Writing a bit about it for Seattle Weekly and any more information would help.Thanks!
Oh so like pics of jusin n jamie...and a Pic of a fish n hunny bee By jamie??
that's true
thanksgiving with a (=
I'll allow you to keep that fantasy, ma'am, despite it being pure fabrication. :-)
I want Lieutenant Uhura's dress.
“Don't find fault, find a remedy.” - Henry Ford
HAPPY PLAYOFF PURPLE #Ravens PEOPLE. CAW!!“ ”
Case in point, I was listening to #BonIver last night and this morning. You think that would stimulate facial hair growth, but nothing!
One minute!
me too. They were a tease.
heheheeh, are you riding in zz morning?
Totally enjoyed 's performance at last night!
Nice to see Ernst Krenek and Flying Lotus in the same list : )
like it so far! I havent connected w/anyone yet Only thing, I'm having technical difficulties w/ linking/unlinking social media
RT : NEWSWIRE: Jar Of Change On Dresser Sadly Factoring Into A Number Of Financial Decisions
Schyler! Plz audition for Idol again! You were amazing! :)
u got to follow me so i can reply 2 ur messages bt yes u r
love you too!
I wonder how big Front Row Amy's boobs will look at Opening Day on Friday.
got you fa sho! ;-) Have a blessed day!
I take a calcium supplement and a multivitamin daily. Both are gummies. I'm 30.
I'm an Episcopal, that's Catholic Light. Same religion...half the guilt.
Every member interaction (teller, website, call center, etc) is a Rare Opportunity to Wow. Are you Wowing your members?
Guess who is gonna be a bronco??? PEYTON!
Yum. I ate mine fast!
Finally took my Platinum Cami out of her box. She's so much prettier than I thought she was when I first got her!
hahaha so funny, don't blame ya. gatech isn't quite as rowdy...
If possible, would you mind letting Brian know I'd like to ask him a few questions about R-teaching? (I'll email him as well)
living on the edge at Wendy's with a fish sandwich!!
Any thing you do you have to take risk and pray for a great outcome #
As an org, what are the benefits of joining? Will we learn how to create better experiences for our volunteers?
My white guilt has once again forced me to order wheat bread to avoid looking racist.
What about Pete Fountain?: A letter to the editor
Love P Thomas this week. D Thomas may not play, Mendy get's your other RB spot. Boldin at WR. Flex PPR Fitz, Stndrd Torain
every body is either pregnant , has a kid , or a druggie
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top. -Arnold Bennet
Honcho lifestyle tip #12 - The police aren't you're friends. Fuck the police, fuck the police, fuck the police and fuck em
I just heard "dude, we can't get those, they give u booty breath." "Girls we'll be with won't know enough to care."
Have another little piece of my heart now, baby, you know you got it if it makes you feel good.
FHF is gearing up for 2012. We need help with marketing, sponsorships, membership and events. Who is in?
Say it isn't so. Oh, the irony! I was in DC last week! Are you sure I can't lure you into working ?
Atlanta Brings Out the Weirdness in the Celtics
omg! He is too cute like I need to have him!!
If this is true, #Obama endorsement is less amazing than how rapidly the electorate "evolved" on the issue. -
I cnt wait til i get home
Great stuff! Especially the last few minutes.
Hate when my business gets put out
“: Admit it. You care about too many people who would never care about you.”
I fuckin love mangos...but there will always be haters smh lol
is!! entering traditional and unique catagories.
Time to relax.
you are my heart , my inspiration , my soul , and the air that I breathe. I LOVE YOU <U+2665> xx
#hashtagshots might be my favorite thing when it comes to annual meeting. #aam2012 (I'm starting early)
How the fuck did I cut my foot when I have been sitting on it.
fuck u all
follow back please I love you videos!!
lol yeah yeah
ah thats crazy! :)
Headed to Philly tomorrow w/ to see some #blocSTARS in #scottsboroboys and the tour of #memphis !
I am who I am. Either you like me or you don't.”
Good nite out...bout to blaze up now playin some hiphop..
Merry Christmas from all of us at Appalachian Granny's!
The artificial intelligence of MusicXrays is mind-blowing!
and then SeaHawks anr Ravens are the next victims? Sure why not?
What kind of asshole steals textbooks the week before finals? Seriously. That's just rude.
This kid behind me just said whatevs and I instantly wanted to punch him in the face
RT thank god you don't know my boss….oh wait... Bwhahahaha!!!
Won a free pizza just minutes after witnessing my 1st NHL goal at my 1st NHL hockey game with It's a good day
I think I'm in love with Evernote.
Back in the day, whenever Kevin Garnett would check T-Mac, it was MUST SEE TV
iuu shot op .. ok la llevo
Ya right
There ain't nothing like a fat girl in a one piece swim suit.
Thanks for the kind words Listening to of describe social media strategy to a room of dinosaurs.Nice work!
that was a dare... haha
Ouiji board is scary a'f ._. with
This afternoon I'm listening to descriptions of encounters with snakes, stings from scorpions, etc, in the desert
?? With peace there is no absolution of freedom, freedom is living in purest form
If the only tool you have is a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail - Abraham Maslow
RT : Congratulations to Lea, who is getting married today! She's here this mornin' getting made up fabulous by
A man can stand anything except a succession of ordinary days
that wasn't an offer
so much for going out and the Knicks losing
A home care company in the south hills
Yessir! RT #LAKings already clinched a playoff spot, now to take the division!!
Wednesdays at Salute. Live Jazz and $8 martinis. 46 East Superior. mention the tweet to get 10% off
please please please please please follow me! <U+2665> i wuv you
. Got tired of nasty bitches. Now fuck off and bother someone else, scumbag.
i dont like dark girls
I HAVE to tweet this.. i know—TOTALLY professional of me www.peopleofwalmart.com
shout out oh I'm watching Victorious <3
I know ._. But he seems like he goes into serious depression idk... Just nvm
Why is it that I feel like this #Social46 thing is a bit exclusive and elitist?
May not be able to do both; physical limitations. But will try.
Woman who suffered similar spinal chord injury to Jack Jablonski, offers family hope tonight at 9:20 on Fox 9.
RT : Social Media Centers of Excellence provides governance, policies guidelines, training and best practices
Oh we'll be great together alright. ;)
Angry birds has stolen my life. It has taken me from my family and kicked my dog. Okay all but that last part...
Servpro Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Buy a camera you can afford and that feels good in your hand. That matters, you have to like using it.
Now she telln me that she gon' tell all her friends im like ok
Ehmagawd scary! At least she didn't bring that up (;
I hate his likes
Fantastic!!!! Great job!!!! I start tomorrow. Gonna have to stay very busy. I predict cooking :) Congrats on day 1 Chef!
Great list Melissa, very well done.. when can we expect the HPDHp1 review Pottercast.anxiously awaiting your thoughts.. EPIC!
that cool
: Number of Ping #RSAC party attendees exceeded upper bound expectation by 150%, tequila consumption by 180% > and turned em away
same amd rapper u keep sendon me dockhead "lool"messages its cotny chill out
Love this! Cool idea for MacArthur Park.
8 years to go...
third day of mtu error and verizon is blamining xbox and xbox blaming verizon! spent 4 hours on hold so far. can you HELP?
An SAPD officer is dead this morning after a wrong way driver hit the female officer. She passed away at the hospital.
I want sum subway nd shrimp..nd mayb a corn dog wit sum lemonade
Most Important: all who are out of town "AllStar Orlando " please have fun / be safe! And get back home in 1piece!!!!
Hey man congratulations!!
Getting prepped for the Office Technology Conference. I'm presenting with and Lauren McSwain-Starett
Press Coffee at City North is closed???
Studying Latin with nuevo tango music. Quite a relaxing Monday...
although that's not all bad. You can dispose of excess, but you can't go back and get it.
Simultaneous #perfectgame in Seattle and #grandslam at fenway. Now back to the #stanleycup. #letsgoRangers!
RT Charcot-Marie-Tooth #CMT disease discovered by same man who first described #ALS - French neurologist Jean-Martin Charcot
Great day for drummers! The tamborrada started at 12AM &continues for a full 24 hrs-traditional Basque way to celebrate St. Sebastian's Day.
I don't think they have...
stay tuned: it will be functional and screenshot soon! ("soon" == after final exams)
I will not be in today because my power is cut off, I have no gas in my car and my telephone is cut off and my wife bounced $700 worth of...
Hyped about auditions tomorrow, we are also filming for behind the scenes so be sure to look your best!!!
Don't forget your copies of the Embellish Vampire Saga on Kindle & Nook & other Readers for $2.99! Get yours soon. It ends March 31st.
I can't sleep... dammit
“: Lugar's loss to Tea Party feels like bad news for country. Pushes GOP further to Right. Discourages cooperation.”
does it look really bad???
lol go buy something good n be like oh I forgot it at home then take it for u lol
Couldn't agree more! RT : Love this tip: involve and share your staff, volunteers, donors on camera.
"Put Me In Coach!" That's right, time to start thinking about that company tailgate outing to Miller Park! Summer slots are filling up fast!
but he hasn't tweeted anything yet!
Thanks for the share!
Happy belated Birthday !! <3
GREAT PRESENTATION GROUP 2!!!
And the winner of the beanie is....! Come down to to pick up your beanie!
The amazing Judy Garland singing it! bit.ly/vaL8pX fb.me/1gaMT1ZgG
Be precise in your wording. If you say you will "help," say exactly what kind, and how much, help you are offering
Loving the "Blame the Boredom, Blame the Basements" set list!
Also very odd trends on #googleplus our feed is entirely filled with pandas. #Friday 's bring out the best posts.
well hun let in more about this link
Gold Parties all across the USA. Call (800) 774-9134 to book a party ANYWHERE! OR go to www.thegoldpartypeople.com now!
Come on buffaloes
exactly what i'm doing now. the only way i will fail is if i give up. for me success in this biz is not a question of if, only when.
DM your email
you are sillier ;-)
Dear Alec Baldwin:<U+200B> Take the 1st step, which is the biggest step you will take in your life, & delete Words with Friends from your iphone.
seems like yesterday you were playing at GRC!
have you heard owl city's new EP yet??
I havent watched in weeks....looking forward to WM?
I wonder how many friends I have on Facebook.. On second thought, who cares?
Thanks to our man in San Antonio, we know that King is down 3-1 heading to the seventh inning.
I'm a grind an brew coffee drinker try to buy organic beans cuz I drink 4 morning cups give or take. Nice to tweet!
no he is not. who told u he is a congress leader? he is not even a member of congress party
Santorum on Cuba is so confused I am embarrassed for him and his apparently innocent family.
let's just say i have lots of "time" on my "hands" right now. :)
TRUE. Ahh I love the faith! :D
We are thrilled with all the great presentations at the inaugural #LAUNCHedu event! Hope to see everyone at the LAUNCHedu Part at 7:30!
Our Twitter party with starts in 5 mins! Get ready to share & hear creative & innovative ideas w/ other inspired moms!
#NowPlaying: Scribble by
Fear the beard!
No problem! any time :)
Your friends at b1 bicycles wish you a safe and happy memorial day!
I Love When Boys Act Their Self's Show's Alot.
i know you do, i still remember that night you put me up on game about the old school radio station (y)
Thanking life for all the great things it has given me. I wish I had a different word instead of lucky or blessed. Sincerely grateful.
Usually when I do that my friends end up blocking each other RT Arguing politics on Facebook.
Thanks for the follow back! I really enjoy your #inspiration tweets! Keep the great tweets coming!:)
Go take a nap at Gage's house.
awe thank you. I'm really worried bout her. :'(
have fun throwing your life down the drain ;)
LOL!!! “: I pity the fool who cares what Ted Nugent thinks.”
A great Pinterest board for Brain art from
honestly tho, when don't I talk about chicken? NEVER. it was pretty obvi there paulina. lololol.
I miss my man!
Hey, somebody says we're the "best of" … bit.ly/jWfA2h … check out the "best of" my Twitter reading for the past week!
Screw you Ms.Keiken Pedro Pupperman is someones name out there
How I wish I responded to my tweet. but it will never happen. or:
Great volleyball match. Basketball, not so much.
Are you still working on your album or is it finished?
Thank you for following me. Working towards a dream :) Nice to have your support!
Happy Wednesday! What have you guys been up to?
shhhh, secret code!
it's all about my O's!
Excuse my French but I'm in France. I'm just sayin.
65 visitors and counting for Car Schmar tonight ! We're nearing capacity for this event.
Deal of the Day at Chico's for January 19: Pants - $19. Stop in for details or call 808.891.1647.
The question isn't at what age I want to retire, it's at what income. ~ George Foreman
so much boobs...even I don't know what to do with them :)
never forget where you have been. The life you have lived shapes the future.
Thanks for the recco to Great to see fans tell their friends about us.
“: we should catch and game and get a bite to eat coach.” let's do it!
"You're speechless I see, a fine quality in a wife."
They think it's a giant mutant super dog, but perhaps it's an otter hologram.
THAT'S why your butt is so little.....
Google Maps is currently my best friend.
Inspired by a one man mission to help AL #tornado victims. How you can help on Fox at 10.
Home.. Nyquil and KU highlights and replay... all gravy baby
#FavMusic #KCA #BigTimeRush Vote vote vote #BTR deserves to win for there amzing n hard work?
How lovely to think that no one need wait a moment. We can start now to improve the world. Anne Frank
I want a relationship like Louis and eleanor ... And Liam and Danielle
"THE BEST THINGS IN LIFE AREN'T THINGS" - from #2 of Kimo's Hawaiian Rules
Night on the town in the D. Bc we be imported from Detroit.
“: Am I the only 1 who can drink this early?”/!!!!
With the people I love the most! Minus JB lol... Baby baby baby oh
Except for Jeff Foxworthy, these guys are hilarious!
School a but I have to go
Taylor Issues* XD
“: WareWolf mode tonight! #FullMoon” teen wolf
* cuts off slow music puts on reggae * Time To Twerk
we're all on the same pg! :) i.e. almost all PMCIDs have corresponding PMID - exception of book reviews/out of Pubmed scope
Stay by the ones that truly love you play the ones that play you and take all you want. Live it!!!!
thanks! I'll look for it!
Let her kiss the bride!
Looking for a great stocking stuffer idea? Try our one hour jump cards!
making 15 elementary schoolers get up and do yoga in the middle of class: PRICELESS. especially since it was relevant to the lesson.
It's Herb Day at the US Botanic Garden! Stop by between 10 and 3 to check out all the booths and see our many blooming plants!
lol yes we have :) my bad ... That's cool .. I tried to be productive but I'm back in bed bc I don't feel well
Thanks Heartbeats Photography for the fun shoot today! :)
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions. -Leonardo da Vinci
matter fact im calling now
Try our new Crispy Onion and Spinach Turkey Burger!
Yes! This account still exists! :) I feel compelled to tell you how great the weather is here in Chicago, but I'm resisting.
one reason I'm at the parish anniv is to meet richard hunt. I took a pic of the work I own by him to show him. He remembers it! I'm siked!
Anything that you starve will die if you don't FEED into joy robbers you will kill depression and enjoy freedom and happiness starting now!
Was it suitable for an 8 or 10 year old girl?
Slop Where. Are. You.
RT : #SantaFe Residents in need: Use code "DISTRESSED" to get $49 room rate at Lodge at SF or $79 room rate at Hotel Plaza...
No matter how painful your decision has been, as long as you can sleep well at night, it means you made the right choice.
Can you please play Chuck Wicks single "Old School" please?
Woke up to a hot house -_______-
Board of Supervisors Chairman Bill Horn will host a news conference with City of San Diego Mayor Jerry Sanders at 8 p.m. at the County OES
when is good for you? And I can't come to you,in case you were unaware.
Practice was str8...
Another day another dollar! Grind hard...sleep later!
glad you like it :) means a lot!!
Glad the rain has stopped. Annie was right - the sun will come out!
you can do better.. the thing that pisses me of is people don't give a crap about how THE OTHER PERSON feels
One day you'll be scrolling threw your phone and my name will be the first to pop up . You'll regret never giving me a chance ! #sucker !
happy birthday!
How do I get my friends in Canada, California, Washington, Florida and Georgia to try your hot dogs?
Watching Joel McHale on KellyLive, if #NBC doesn't renew #Community I'm going to be really really mad!!
i havent been on this account in forrevveerr!
had a good work out with my girl see you in the morning!
Celebrating the resurrection and Jesus' victory over death during our morning bible study
Two years later and I still don't know why. Missin you.
agreed! Nsync reunion tour please :) haha
honesty!!! Sum chickz act like that's hard to do
My life feels like a cruel comedy of errors today
thanks! Hey we can coordinate Delaware trips soon!
#sxsw these guys bring the party- follow
I like a good syndicate.
On Friday we take the stage with and N'Stank must've cancelled... those Primadonnas.
Hey,I Love to Sing And Dance But I Don't Think I'm Good Enough Can You Help Me?
;-) RT : To all my humanitarian friends, We're hosting a mothers day dinner at Claras house shelter 5/11 6-8pm
Haha yes, that sentence was cut off at an awkward point. Click the link to read the rest of the post!
I swear, me too
I cannot walk 50 yards in those things...
gotta marry u one day . ! on the grind to do so lmao
MIA Herald Music Critic & great guy Howard Cohen on w/ me 4:30OM 91.3 FM
“: So what do you want for A brand new car .. Make a donation on nixacountry for details. Lol
dm what u do now bro
#ilvolo let's trend that (;
pretty eyed, pirate smile, you'll marry a music man.
um that was a good play
hi ! Long time no tweet. Hope you're well. Moved from Orlando to Nashville. Met your dad the other night. Nice guy!
We're really looking forward to today's Executive Roundtable on #MarketingAutomation Conversation!
I am now referring to the Texas Tech campus as the torture chamber for the next 3-4 weeks. Thanks Dr. Clark for the inspiration.
thanks Colin!! Best part is there's so much more awesomeness where that came from :)
Hello Amanda. Thanks for following us. Will you come in a watch some football with us this weekend? #wheresmadden?
Alumni Association meeting today, May 5, 2011 @ 7:00pm in the lecture hall. Email for more information!
no problem ;D
really excited! :)
doesn't like being sick. Sleeps all morning, up all night.
“The problem with the Internet startup craze isn’t that too many people are starting companies; it’s that people aren’t sticking with it” SJ
what makes u think u can be a porn star and a human being??? Lol jk
Finding tortillas in Boston is just as hard as finding Italian in Austin. I have a deli negotiation going on.
downloaded! Thanks
My brain is ready to implode from being overcaffienated.
thanks! We're working on some, hopefully we can get them out soon!
Stop with the spam messages :/
I love you too man and it's cool I'm glad you did
What are you going To watch today at the md film fest?
What's happening ??
Thanks for the follow!
You forgot Don Maynard. Wow. #nfl #jets #giants. Played in both SBIII and Colts OT win over NYG in 1958.
people love me (:
Religion and Politics: I simply wish we could MOVE the discussion BACK to pragmatic solutions to our nation's pressing problems.
"Justin what do you wanna be when you grow up" "im ganna be, im ganna be, im ganna be a.... Crossing Guard"
Thank you so much,guys!!You were marvelous!And all the best with the Festival! You rock,or shall I say,you swing..!hehe
is that special for the giveaway? usually 1 hour before first pitch
Kenny, the restaurant's on fire, I'll call you back.
David Bowie Book Fake Exposed
"Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment." - Jim Rohn.
Reeve Foundation is doing amazing things to help people living with paralysis. Help them with a donation today. I did. bit.ly/powerofwe
are you in the "burgh"?
In the grocery line with that person in front of me who is questioning every transaction and penny added to her receipt.
of course
yeah... Bummer. Though I'm sure the rest of the proposal will wow them :)
I'm about to turn these girls into superstars...watch me work ;)
We're having a great week here at the Hill. Hope your week has been as wonderful!
I'm in the mood for some Japanese
Happy Birthday, Elisha! Can't wait to see you both!!!!
When you put all your time effort and trust into something or someone and it ends up not working out.
Thanks for the cupcake ;)
my shoulder is killing me :((
But I'm drinking Lean though
Back in the town
Its Wednesday, and a great day to try out our new Unlimited leads and dialer package, one monthly flat rate.Contact #magnalogix 866.460.6611
We have some fun ideas about bringing you music!
John Brennan: "There is nothing in international law that bans the use of remotely piloted aircraft for [national self-defense]."
Sunday... Church, #NASCAR from 'Dega, and family...I'll take it ;)
Ain't nobody know it was birthday til I said something!
Miss the love of my life , need my running mate. You better be in Chi for my bday! <3
I'm so glad you are!
Lifelong process of knowledge gathering, collaboration & exploration is goal of liberal arts education
Swallowed a bug on my run today
Final Countdown- Ha!
Happy holidays to all
New kitten loves the blow torch.
I never liked typical hair salon talk. I wish my hairstylist didn't expect a convo/cut deal from me. Just meaningless chatter...
aw. Someone else said it and trust me she wasn't.
Jay Reynolds from Malice just shared the cover art for the new Malice album. Looks amazing! CD out in may, and he assures me a tour follows!
will u sell that In pill form or 2x4s to the face? If u choose the 2x4 form, I'd love to be a salesman for you...
I think that same guy was at Fado a couple of weeks ago. The Irish bartenders were having a field day laughing at him.
After seeing Blair Underwood on CNN I want to see A Streetcar Named Desire. Great reinterpretation & he doesn't seem so bad either.
so whats the excuse from lastnight?
Sweet, i'll see if i can drop by and hang some
lololol g-g-get it girl
THANKS.........UR WELCOME
They can't hang w/ us
« chilled at for a while today»
We will be close today and Wednesday...see you Thursday...Happy Jack
aren't you upset Stevey Baby is retiring?
Having a love/hate relationship with last night. Well done Jete... well done. ugh
Auburndale City Commissioner Jack Myers Q1 total is $26,990 for his Senate run to replace Paula Dockery.
The Radleys, by Matt Haig: lots of fun with vampires
#Vegas people - Artisan used to be really local friendly. Now, not so much. Where do you all go these days?
Thanks so much for the follow!
You obviously didn't see my hair lol
QT : tralalapreggers?tralala//you know I had uterine cancer and can't have kids, right?
A year ago.
watching coffee bar episode and just realized you are a fellow Packer and Badger. In college at the same time, grew up in GB
asdfg! I'm bored and my cat is making me mad >_>
happy birthday!
We be to rap what key be to lock
Ha Ha! You're absolutely right Jason.
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1862, Jefferson Davis declared martial law in Richmond & CSA authorities arrested several "Unionists."
I hate how now your name appears very litto im my inbox):
1st day off in a long time. Aint answering the phone if it's work, ain't checking email, ain't doing jack. I'm sure they'll survive-barely
it's a very impressive collection which makes a lot of the interactive experiences seem like addons.
Family xmas presents are done. Expensive, but done.
Does anyone know if Bmore's 32nd St/Waverly Farmers Market will be open Saturday? Some area markets are closing for Irene.
Yankee Candle #GrandOpening this Friday, March 9th
Was just there last night! The creme brulee w/butternut squash for desert was like a perfect pumpkin pie!
Sounds great! I'm looking forward to reading your tweets. :)
#BeforeYouExit love you guys. <U+2665>
no problem! i am going to look into more for my company so I'll let you know if I find anything valuable.
yes please
to have #sales confidence, you must first build and develop your SELF-confidence. learn more about #sales #psychology in my ebook.
blergh. time to stop answering the phone today.
About to hit this shower......then bump until I fall asleep..
#nowplaying Here come Santa Clause
Sometimes you get so fustrated and burnt out on rehearsing and playing out you just need a break this is my first break in over 20yrs.
People watching at Villa Blanca in Beverly Hills.
Public library patrons browse; academic patrons search. Evocative dust jackets help for browsing; not so much for searching.
I hate how everyone puts #team____ !
lol! I think it was a tie!!
Santa clause brought me a new laptop:) #couldn'tbehappier:)
going on a cup cake run using my
Bobby the Fifth is gonna have a lot of patchwork to do tonight.
Of course! We can compare!
Hanging with the world famous (shoes in bag)
About to talk about with students at Via Skype!
ONE thing I found out in life...... KEEP GOD FIRST....period...that should be your FIRST LOVE at all times.
Butler has the heart of lions. Theyre not the most talented team left, but theyll out play any team left. Wis having off night
i love u so much<3 it was nice seeing you today! i really hope you see this<3
Sox skunk Yanks to give division to Rays--some small redemption for the season.
Downtown #Indy is Close to Perfect because where else can you eat, spend time on the canal, shop, go to a game, and enjoy yourself!
yes! I hate the panthers!
how was the left over Chinese? I hear it's better than Ryan's!
nothing much, working.
my goodness! how do you not put that in!
thanks! We really appreciate it
Have you bought your Easter candy? What's your all-time have Easter treat? We LOVE the Recces Eggs!
Thank you so much for the tweets! I really appreciate it. You're awesome!
Ah there's the
Interesting episode on the future of food, on now! Check it out Boston - 90.9
Or a cherry berry chiller from McDonald's.
Come on, newsfolks, it really is "marriage equality" not just "gay marriage". Watching at the moment, but it's rampant.
Blues and Booze Wednesdays! $5.00 Stoli Mixers plus enjoy the music of Alex Wilson Band 7:22 to close!
#ff my beautiful and talented wife
Im on a cell phone trying to get a finalist spot spent all my time tweeting you.
We're excited to announce that we'll be playing Reggies Music Joint in Chicago Sunday, March 18th at 8:45PM (2105 S State St.) More TBA
Yea I'm an asshole . Get over it
Every time I need a pick me up I go
You'll find me at coachella hittin a blunt with snoop and holographic tupac
omg brazil hahahahaha
So glad to see that update on my phone! Made my day!!
Really intrigued to see
Goldfish crackers are the only snacks that smile, probably because they're baked.
So it's offensive to blame white males for what they did? Lol
Thanks! Yankees, NY Giants Knicks, Rangers
what a cosigning, ass kissing, hop-on faggot you are.
Busy day ahead. #GOP Missouri 4th Congressional District Convention followed by #Warrensburg Schools Foundation Golf Tournament
Heading to Breckenridge for a ski trip. Hope an engine doesn't blow like last time I flew.
Call time is 7am on Thursday for the NCAA games at the Rose Garden. Almost makes me miss VYT school shows.
Pondering #mla12 panels #s495-Form & Ideology & #s541-Lit & Other Arts, which situated themselves adjacent to but not part of the #dh convo.
Robles Elementary lockdown lifted after two men rob a man on the street, and then crash their car. Deputies can't find either robber.
"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were
Your's or are you quoting someone?
I did that earlier today with the kitchen cupboard. Not fun!
Just to be clear, considering he is at the Ryman tonight, Boozecamp is in now way affiliated with Mellencamp
Printing business is pretty competative in this tough economy. Most printers are willing to negotiate on price.
8 track tapes are so last decade. Cassette tapes can fast forward AND rewind!
You remind me of a girl, that I once knew...
MANE THE THAT TUPAC HOLAGRAM LOOK TO REAL .........I LOOK AT THAT JUNT TWICE
Gerrymandering used by state leg to design unusually shaped districts to aid maj party. States draw up districts.
congrats! next step: #RealLife success! Get it gurrrrrllllll
Your mom!
For the market rally we are in the end of month commit the cash phase. Not a time to get sucked in with the fund managers
diamonds in my ears, pradas on my zipper, gucci be da slippers DAMN IM FEELIN GIPPER
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.-Joseph Chilton Pearce
Im home sickk from school.. Can you please follow me? It would help me feel better:)
Just trying to stay young and hip! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Looking for media sponsor for Tour dates.
Sipping coffee and waiting for noon and lunch w/ a friend in NYC to talk about writing program stuff. My coffee is made by Maker's Mark.
can you come on NWSports Tonight on AM860(CBS0 in Portland to talk about your article?
Thanks for the follows!! I need to start baking some cupcakes now! :-/
It's ORD, and it's not even close.
Oh wait, no, I'm sorry, that wasn't a question. I'm creepy. (Call.Me.Boo.)
We're buying new button pins. Anyone know any places with good prices? Thanks
The voting process in Wisconsin is ridiculously archaic. And I'm not just talking about the 90 year olds working the polling locations.
There's always that one song that reminds me of you
An apple a day will help you play! <3
I don't tweet; I squak!
And I was just about to ask title! “: I'm re-reading a book I HATED in grad school. Really like lots of it now.”
I was right there for you through everything & you were the one to leave me for her.
ok i am back
Brewers are one of the early games on Sat..... (Please be 11 EST)
I'm not gonna pretend to be someone I'm not for u cause evenly someone will love me for who I am..
sure can! Hope all is swell!
With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine.
Gmail users experience outage
And she's preggers
This rain putting me right back to sleep... Smh
everything is not for facebook
Time to do some more work on this team recruiting video with (Scarface's Emeritus >>> Classic) coming thru the speakers.
HI again! Sorry I've been off the radar. Food poisoning then work. YUP We will travel ANYWHERE Any excuse for Paris especially
Did you manage to have fun this weekend despite the rain?
Thank you!!
THis thanksgiving Im not during the headach with family stickin with just us two
LOL. well, that is a great reason to follow! Thanks!
you gotta embrace it though - the kids are growing up with this and don't know any different!
would love to host a 2013 practice rnd w/ u'all this summer. Drinks & BBQ 2 follow @ the new digs
Getting my Twitter profile up and running - sleepy day, supper's cooking, nice day off from work! :)
Heading to Leverage ConCon Convention Today downtown PDX (Portland for you outsiders!).
ha……. yeah, no. lol I'm betting he goes to Miami.
Clippers get the rebound after Grizzlies miss two free throw, but land out of bounds. Grizzlies get the ball back.
Always end the name of your child with a vowel, so that when you yell the name will carry. ~ Bill Cosby
If I can't watch Xavier I'll cheer for former X players that are now coaching. Go bobcats!
My mom refuses to get me my own coffee. I want coffee.. right now.
This had better be my last MRI for a while, that's all I have to say.
I need to get weirder.
I'm no good, girl, no good for you.
Also, last time: did proposal, got accepted, then did the research. That was weird.
I'm not saying I condone breastfeeding a 3yo but I'm not screaming in the streets about it. Should it be front page news, not to me.
blue screen of death
I don't get Homestuck either. It's like an old point-and-click adventure game but not.
Consider yourself followed! Haha
Loved the intense rainy day though it went away as quickly as it appeared.
April 16th show @ The Spot has been changed to SATURDAY APRIL 17 at the same location!
|#quotes In business, one of the challenges is making sure that your product is the easiest to experience and complete a sale.
Hah, really? Thanks for letting me know! I may awkwardly lurk there for a bit while too nervous to ask anything...
3RD #WINNER FOR NFL WEEK 2...COLTS/PHINS #TAKETHEOVER (42)...SHOULD BE A GOOD #MNF GAME.....GOOD LUCK TO EVERYONE!
Agreed! : What would have really been nice, ad about real top issues for #LGBT Americans, employment, not tax breaks 4 chosen few
You guys are very fortunate to have such a #classact guy like JG on your team. you are missed in Bmore!
“: Word on the street is is gunna be at cheeky tonight” true story!
Are you in DC?
Ha, nice. You gonna have the spot filled with groupies like Ben Folds lol. See if we have any more Son of Bazerk.
I'm rapping
go see I LOVE YOU PHILLIP MORRIS. it is a great film.
Me (singing to myself): "Hey I just met you, and this is crazy.." .. : "You've known me for like 9 years."
My dreams are playing games with me i swear lol,
I hate copy machines.
Next Saturday we are making food baskets for 90 needy families. You can provide a family a Thanksgiving feast for $45 www.feedchicago.org
Love how knew I was sitting home on my computer.. :O
Congrats, Matt! Sounds like a great fit for you.
Since the 1940's Republicans and corporations have blasted holes in our #labor rights RT organizing is a right not privilege
Client complimented me. Said I do good work and "Easy" to work with. Photogs, check ego at the door.
Hummingbirds are here. And in 50mph winds, too.
The new born ruffins is pretty rad.
guess what I'm #cooking tonight! Zuke pasta!
Instead of wondering what is the purpose of life, LIVE a life with purpose.
And we are looking forward to seeing them!
She said can u get a ringtone please....Umm ringtones are
did krazyk just rip ass all raunchy about it?
So you were the one that caused that to happen?!? Shame on you TX_RG...
Greinke's no decision is a perfect example why there shouldn't be a set playbook in baseball. Don't bring in a closer "just because"
<U+260B> Anyone having a birthday today? Love this quote: “Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.”—Mark Twain
that's super cute :)
sounds like a challenge :)
shows picture of cardboard box full of digital media storage devices "this used to be our digital archive"
Same for Whitney. That show is shit
Money is the anthem of success, so put on mascara and your party dress.
oh huevos rancheros YUM! Now Im hungry!
Oh!! Congrats!! How exciting!!
thanks for following, you have some pretty good tweets (:
Almost everyone knows someone in the military. Share a photo and show us your hero!
FLORIDA GATORS BITCH!!!!!!!!! WOOHOOOO!!!!!!! (: GATORS. ALL THE DAMN WAY. GET DOWN BAMA
Ohh ok..looked a lil troubled
Full Strength. Delaware up 1-0. 8:20 left in the first
I don't get why people say duck? I think it's stupid, just go ahead and say fuck. FUCK! See how easy that was?
Stuart Scott, the master of overusing bad catch phases and glass eyeballs
and give lots of nappy rashes - not sure if it is really worth it
Future is the truth.
I'm tutally wilin' now! Where do I get my VIPs?
<U+0082>Unless the Lord builds the house, they labor in vain who build it; unless the Lord guards the city, the watchman stays awake in vain. Ps127
“: you got tix to the nuggets/lakers series?” yes sir..Friday/Sunday.
thanks for the RT!
On my hustle this morning gota get it !
She don't believe in shootin' stars, But she believe in shoes & cars..Wood floors in the new apartment, couture from the store's department.
I hope that social media helps people more than it harms them - Dear God, please let twitter make me money.
Stop in for a sandwich while you're on the north side cheerin' on the
heard that
Real talk, I need to remember this RT : People will be people... Why get surprised?
Know Before You Go! Lights! Motors! Action! Extreme Stunt Show will be closed for refurbishment from April 29-May 2.
thanks you :) RT No matter how many wineries I visit, none have a better red than the Reggae Red!
LOL beezys hahaha“: I just saw a chick sprinting in stilletos. Say what you want about LA girls, but these beezys are talented.”
lol well its about time missy! It took u 20years to follow me lol u still bored?
Whenever somebody talks about "simpler times," they usually mean a time when medicine sucked and everyone was crazy racist.
Thanks for the follow! Would love to see you at the conference!
BLAH!! when my cell phone rings i see the last numbers 7000 i shake! but no oh just wondering when your available to retest again... BLAH!!!
happy new decade in japan.
good morning gorgeous;)
and all of them look like me...
1/2 They are paperbacks. A little confused myself how to get them Google "World Book Night", check there Twiiter or...
Well, YEAH! lol. This sucks.
Hmm did you get a hit off me? No. And I couldn't help the score we were already getting pounded.
Our annual V-Day Fair will take place at Hunter on THURS, FEB 17TH! Stop by for music, baked foods & feminist revolution!
Well I guess that wasn't my 500th tweet.... Awkward....
Since my cat bit my nose her punishment is to let me hold her up my shirt because I'm cold and her furs so warm. It feels quiet good.
My mom bought me some more hot suace. Life is good. (:
Happy birthday to the coolest lil' bro I could ask for. Cheers, Marcus!
Hm....that's interesting.
Feeling is mutual! “: Thank you for the support! Love you guys.”
Cathy, I love what your doing. Do you have a blog or website? Outdoors Geek rents quality camping gear nationwide.
antique bourbon to celebrate
Watching "the king's speech". With all the Aussie-bashing the monarchy did, I now understand why this movie was big with the commonwealth.
ive been yelling YOLO all day for no reason!
Please send all the details to
Out for a min but ya boy is back!!
I need to feel better by tonight!!
Im not sick
We must keep the dream alive!GBMLKJ
This is AZ. Shoot them.
Gonna stay happy
I love people who can say the simplest things to me and cheer me up.
Q2. Funniest get up/outfit you've seen or worn while traveling
I am cooking dinner, kids are chopping up a pumpkin for the compost & husband is practicing fly fishing in the driveway. LOVE being at home.
Oh yes. Definitely. Just his page has no mention of Akron and "one more TBD" under the Puerto Rico heading.
what happened to "being best friends and talking everyday?"
Who brought pie and where's Tonya and Greg???
sorry I'm clearing out my timeline
clearly nobody likes me on here anymore...ive been slacking cause of school. im sorry :(
90cents and climbing ! awesome !!
The path to sales hasn't changed, but the journey has. Now people rely on search for answers.
If I see another " Free Whomever " teeshirt I swear... How bout when they get out, you give them a " Stop Doing Dumb Shit " tee shirt.
Be sure to follow Newark Pride Alliance CEO
Ricky Rubio looking impressive against Miami
@ in da mix live radio station
cheers bro and yuppers were Great thanks for asking and hope u guys r well down there :)
we aren't dating . but when I see you walking w/ someone else I just wanna punch them in the face
": Being dumped, cheated on and taken for granted is why many people choose to be single."
Oh my goodness, Goose! That's crazy!
Just found scribbled on scrap of paper: "book boner." Something I overheard at a book fair some time ago.
"So much F’d up crap happens in Florida" hehe
Happy Tuesday, it's going to be a great day with nice weather- join us on the !
Trying to calm down idek why I let someone get me upset im better then that
Feelin a little anxious about this dentist appt. ugh!! What music should I listen to during my surgery?
One full ticket? That would work. Thanks for the response.
The point is, writing code is not enough.
is it wing night yet?
where is the proof that he got kicked out of the bar? There is none. All rumours and hear say.
The decision has been made...
So cute! Can't wait to see the look book. xo
oh where oh where was Monchele today? hm. lol
Announcement on new Sequence Media Channels and online directories later today.It is going to be a VERY busy month as new shows roll out.
Guess ill b taking off work tomorrow too!
Jason H. Sherwood is speaking today to the American Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers on Short Sales and Alternatives to Foreclosure.
Loves nights like these.
Sorry, man, I also produce. Thanks, tho.
I'm glad you looked it up !!
i forgot to tell her O:
Feel like I should do jumping jacks, push -ups, and maybe make some juice today. RIP Jack Lalanne
glad you agree. keep sayin' it. we love long beach...we love long beach ;)
Im so bored!
I wish he could just see..
Timeline is dead :) I could go for some fun tonight! Wahh
I HATE STARWARS :/
don't hate the player, hate the game.
Puzzle is complete :)
I'm sure its all rumors .
Sorry I missed this. He's incredible! Everyone is predicting a linebacker, so I'm satisfied! RT Thanks! How is the little one?
Who has time to watch (care about) regular season games? Not me! Come October... go #Braves!
RIP The great Earl Scruggs, An American original
Even my TL isn't keeping my attention. This is a problem
Have a super great day planned with
Whatever! You are totally gonna rock it.
Damn it, Jerry, indeed. Thoughts on The Office?
OKC & Celtics in finals!! I got 5 on it
People get creative making money on eBay - selling big ticket items: life, house and love, lunch and now even vote! WOW.
If you had 15 minutes with the head of a department, what questions would you ask to discover training/development needs?
good night school tomorrow!
duly noted
maybe if the fans hadn't acted like a lunchroom wrestling crowd, we'd go back. racial taunts, objects thrown, fans hurt, etc.
Anything new coming out in the near future?
Salon^PK is now open! Call (904) 636-0787 to schedule your appointment.
#haiti Follow Shelterbox USA tweets @ their new site Lets support this org that brings shelter /supplies to victims in need
is my dream boy!<3
Excellent news...reservations needed for small parties?
Not in person. So no.
should help him cover that bounces check out west..
lol for the time being
Although he's undoing his sisters bra with his spare hand. Pretty baller.
Ok #ronroberts says I can go to bed. I am taking his advice. It's been fun. Glad I didn't play the drinking game.
Watching the dopest documentary on QED, its on hip hop and sampling. Turn it on if you're at the crib.
I guess I'm not nice. Oh well lol
Do you remember it? :)
And baptized her little sister Rebecca today!
Starting this day bright and early by subbing for some baby ballerinas at BDC! Perfect! :)
Rebecca has been cooking for me again at Publix ;)
OMG....really tho!!!
#ifyoudontknowmebynow tweet me! get to know me :)
I bought a popstar magazine just so I could read your part (: I dont even like magazines. Hehehe
Why doesn't have pull to refresh?
If you wish to know what a man is, place him in authority.-Proverb
That was my first thought too.
Yum! Aren't they awesome?! :) RT Loving this ice pop tampico flavored
Pick all 4 sides and bet em big with bookmakers, just chino the bookmaker u lose with,
Been following for a bit now and he's always on responding to every tweet he gets! That's pretty commendable.
It Requires authorized numbers; Mine is not one. Not fair to neighbor for me to ask to add my 5 phones to MicroCell.
Sup bro!?!? I speak to you but you don't respond back. How bout some RT love? WTF?!?!?!
Wow a must see! Historical Korean re-creations with teddy bears??!! Crazy!
1 day left till the #pitch conference at Mountain View! A gathering of intelligent, dynamic, entrepreneurial, and tech-savvy women!
tell all of your friends to come!!
I need to start on birthday plan.s for NX month
#nascar the driver r driving better and safer
Social business integrates social media into entire org and business processes -
I predict that LeRoy Butler loses the card with GB's 2nd Round pick on it and just wings it at the podium.
love you! Yeah true, but I feel bad about it bc he's like obsessed now
too bad I am meeting friends to watch CL final. Good luck!
Do you ever look at your mentions and laugh or are we not funny enough?
Good Morning! Stop by and try some Mr. Nice(G13x HP), Strain of the day at a reduced donation :)
RT : Greed tempts the man who lacks self control, whereas the contented man, knows that everything he needs will come his way.
is really dumb enough to believe the goofy things he says, but are voters that stupid?
Town Council workstudy tonight 530pm. Levels of Service Budget discussion related to Legal Services, Recycling and Transportation.
lol yes yes you do
Well put...LaRussa is just a pile.
bitch bought me rocawear I told her take that shit back
Is anybody actually in defo and wanting to do anything tonight??
Our buddy Iris Leonardo will be headlining at the house of blues this thursday! She got mad skills so go check her out!!
I uploaded it on the way back to my desk. Now you're sure.
#20thingsaboutme ; my favorite color is lime green. (;
A coworker was excited until I told him it probably wasn't British.
Just got stung by a BEE! !! IF YOU KNOW ME , you know i hate FUCKING BEES! !!
Tim burton is a beast
Not that big of a fan but dang you guys are cutee ;) You guys should do a song with :D
ps have fun and stay out of trouble ;)
I give up. That is the MOTHER of all decorative flasks.
ha!!! Have a safe trip both you and POL!!
RT : I'd be more into the Oprah show being over if we got to sink her and turn her into an artificial reef at the very end.
taco belle for dinner . hell yeah
Re-designing my company site - MAM5ive Creativegroup V2 coming soon...
If a tomato is a fruit, then isn’t ketchup technically a smoothie?
gotta love those typos... meant to say your... Must be the excitement of the day, haha. Cheers, Christine! ;-)
“: #MettaWorldPeace>>>” what the hell was he thinking?
A company got paid and then never stayed in touch or kept his clients updated. Where's the number?
I love my nights that are spent with my love
The American Civil Liberties Union...ACLU...has a Socialist agenda!
A night of reflecting on why I am THANKFUL that God allowed me the AMAZING CHILDREN that call me "MOM"
I would guess. some have serious allergies, stomach disorders, gluten intolerance... others don't... etc etc.
Words out project runway is casting for the new season! Get apps in by 3/15
Nokero is so pleased about the distribution made by One Million Lights to families in the Philippines.
next time! got an on-campus meeting so will be in office tomorrow. will send good vibes to #rva #coworkers!
The Battle of Puebla. French defeat, Mexican victory, margarita not invented yet.
My phone is deciding to be dumb.
RT Music video this weekend--- follow to get exclusive footage of behind the scenes
amazing meal in the sun @ Iron Cactus with and
just heard that last smash from my Chi-town fam.
What does success mean to you? Is health a factor in enjoying it? Is health a factor in achieving it?
Happy Friday!
Now we're having dessert! M vanilla key lime & honey chiffon cake!
when are you back in the westside??? I miss you!!
No Youth Court this weekend! Also, please be aware that our offices are closed Thursday, November 11th in honor of Veteran's Day.
I want to put a hole in this wall.
Thank you for the follow.. Now following back. Look forward to the info. Please send any questions you might have...
*blushing* Thank you so much for the wonderful wishes. You are too much! Hope to see you soon!!
hahahahahahah (x omg too funny
I was under the impression Shaquille O'Neal tweeted at least 10 times a day.
It's a New Year, but the same Lions in Lambeau.
Me: "I'm a wizard", Friend: "Then prove it", Me:"Sorry I can't, No magic outside Hogwarts."
Im working through a list of names right now. thanks for sending me ur girl.
The nice thing about living amongst college kids, is that when u want to party, you can tell them to go STFU, but sucks when u want quite.
When your away too long, it feels as if apart of me is gone.
RT : Cruise.com Sales/Customer Service Trainer Needed! Email resume to
todays my first day of summer break.....bout fuckin time
aight! Woo and summer is coming up! Woohoo!
D3 Brings LED Display Technology to Landmark New York City Theatre Venues; Introduces First LED Marquee Display in ...
#PiratesoftheCaribbean on repeat now. #HansZimmer still doing work
still awhile-that decision belongs to distributor after post is finished “: So when is coming out?”
« « To get to a #Gemini 's heart is you have to get through their head, they like a challenge.»»
former? :P
watching movies not shot for 3D is like listening to music through tin cans
boyfriend video made us wet OH MY GOD IDSOYSDIG HAHAHHAHAHA
The one time a ribbon cant help me.
I am in CA and didn't know that! Do you know who we connect with to get our #sandiego teens involved?
changed my username back. i wasnt feeling the new one :))))
did you pass La Washa? That's where I went to middle school.
At my bestfriend's house ^.^
No #shutdown. Back to plan A. Just wish Plan B were not such an issue for the fundies.
It's a perfect week to winterize your gardens. Cutting down perennials, mulching and planting tulip time is now!
NEVER EVER EVER EVER EVER! They will never get it.
Most of these girls from dance are FAKE as fuck!
Putting the vasectomy off too long wasn't a good idea: looks like #4 is on the way.
Thank you ! And for your continued support! :)
Thank you! Share it with your followers
Let B.C.N. provide you with reputable ,prescreened contacts from all over the world .
Your turn (: follow back? :D
There's always one in every crowd. I wonder if i have ever been that one.
That was very well said, Alcides!
I have never used the word polecat, written or spoken!
Waiting file my aunt then I'm off to Seminole till Thursday night :)!
my english teacher workin them heels!! haha ;)
Bob Stokes~ The world is proof that God is a committee.
ps...starting the circle...
Come on NBA. Bring in some talent for the dunk contest like the good old days. Blake, bron and howard. Shit is weak!
#WeWontWork If you still listen to your bestfriends.
being blunt aint wrong :-)
I need to get back in the gym
but it was the best soup ever! I know it sold because you ran out sometimes. This is like the Starbucks molasses cookie conspiracy!
How to spend a saturday night??? Answer: watching Selena duh!!!!
Just noticed you were on the board of Digital Harbor Foundation! Hope to connect with you soon!
Welcome to the dark side!
In the past 24 hours I have had 3 tests, 1 quiz, 1 presentation, and a lab report due. My spring break has officially begun!!!
Just Fuck It ..
all good again :)
A truly tragic loss.
I always act like I dont care , but on the inside I really do care.
When all the trees have been cut down, when all the animals have been hunted, when all the waters are polluted, when all the air is unsafe …
thats fine! But i have two, they are both called photo collage, ones red blue and yellow and the other one says phc on it!
our brainwaves were crossing, just said the same thing re: australian egalleys
Shut it down
Been thinking of trading in my Lexus for the new GS. I keep getting ads online that just tease me and are getting me closer to doing it!
Twitter: n: A device for playful banter without showing you my 9,000 boring pictures.
Apocalypse 2012: *It will all be over soon*
Book your ski vacation now - # join other sexy couples for a swingers weekend on the slopes of Breckenridge! #
hat (a #mlb #kcroyals model) was long gone by then.
looking forward to our webseries. It is going to be fun!
No It A Be Gone By The Morning
i just got an idea to make an OMMWriter email client. this is the only idea i've ever had that i felt passionate about at all.
Don't forget, Skybox has $3 garlic fries & $2 bud lights during all mariner games !
lmao RT : #RideOrDieStans RT shout out to all the real heat fans who are still keeping the faith this post season
you meant, Geaux Saints. But I won't tell anyone.
I wish it were true about parenting today. My grandmother hasn't talked to my mother in 10 years, hasn't met my daughter or nephews..
I'm playing skyrim and just can't figure out what to do but climb mountains.
I'm Swiftie, too. It's good know it :]
....is it acceptable to put "Office"? I've used Excel & Access a lot, which far fewer people have Word.
what up bro?
What's a guy gotta do to get some followers, huh?
#TheVoice Ducky was much better than some people who have already made it through. :(
If you see the shirts & think I need a bigger one get a Large! Lol!
This drag just scared the ish out of me n wanna start screaming!!
4 losses for Cuse Lax now. Might need to win out (& probably will) to get NCAA bid. #Craziness RT MLAX: Correction. 12-6 Cornell win.
good to meet you at the edcamp mtg. I'm teaching debate this summer. you have any super lessons I can borrow?
Welcome - it will be a great night.....
To do list: go to a bank wearing a ski mask. complete a normal transaction. leave as if nothing happened.
More pumped for Kyrie, because I understand basketball now. I was 11 after LeBron's rookie year haha
I Guess He Thought I Was Coming Lastnite Huh Lol
Merry xmas sweetheart! i want to cu!
I Put Up The Westside Sign At Ms.Frazier , She Was Like What Is That , I Said " Westside " And She Said " Respect " & Threw Up Her Dueces :)
yikes.. apparently she's coming to JC to film her new show. Hopefully the pregnancy will cancel the shenanigans.
ok sorry. Just wondering. :)
That's a fail? If it's a concern, grab the version off of GitHub, but be aware it comes in a folder with a rather long file name!
Imagine that. No invite. It's starting to bother me now. Whatever.
If You Wanna Be In My Book Tweet Or DM Your Name And Ill Put It In My Book And Ill Make Sure Vinny See's It..! :) Please? 7
Thanks for the mention! It's been a great day so far.
LSU is just Ware-ing down the Ducks defensive line
People who brought us 5 Hour Energy have a new product, iChill which apparently has the exact opposite affect when consumed...no joke!
I'm super skeptical about that show... Did you like it?
hot!!!...proud u ma...doin ur thing....this is one of my favs...
Not live tweeting #Survivor tonight, because I don't think my marriage can survive 2 live tweet nights per week. After the bachelor tho...
hey here's my twitter so follow me maybe? Please Alli is today my day? :)
#imagine Louis is in a hot tub, you sit on his lap and you can feel something hard against your legs.
Goshen sucks I miss the city
you can park for free at ours, or do valet and tip em
I voted<U+E00E>
s/o to Melly Mel! She's going to be dancing on the bar tonight @ Sutra. Don't miss it. Lol!
That's it. Im buying another motorcycle
I want a board!
Congrats! We are excited to publish your work!
kerbey lane lunch, food trailer festival, free delta spirit show, then manchester orchestra also for free? WHY AM I LEAVING AUSTIN?!
still hurts & now I can hardly lift my arm without pain in my shoulder :(
Damn this gloomy weather D: WHERE'S THE SUN!?
shout out to all my october B-Days Baby...!!!! Aye
Ah! I will be leaving to visit family in Blacksburg VA. Perhaps another time
SHOW: April 26 at the Roxy! All Ages // 9:45 pm Flyer coming soon! Save the date ;-)
#TalkReal is all I do, but I'm sure your extremely promiscuous nature is not your defining trait. Haha.
Wow Can't sleep!? Bored!
Paranormal investigators do it all night.
I love that pooch picture...why do cockers look away so much when they are hugged..I have one too..a rescue..she rescued me...lol
#craigslist is already blacked out for #sopa protest
NFL does scrimmages between teams now?
So that old dude on the ship at the end of tonight - Olivia's prophesied killer from the animated episode?
Hey Green Room! What is the most difficult or challenging role you've played onstage (or backstage)? How did you rise to the occasion?
Ya please continue following me please my following thing acting up
Ha! Shaved yesterday. Was scaring the baby. I support you. RT : Hey are we supporting #movember with mustaches tomorrow?
Shop small with us today! Get a limite dedition Night Owl tote bag FREE with any purchase no matter how small. Woohoo!
Fairley is so late
i believe we have someone headed out there. pretty sure he put you guys on his sched
Thnks we're excited too. Pick up June's issue of Gen Health- We're in "Eating Right: Tea Health 101" on pg. 41!
getting a band started in a small town sucks
Sighting: iPhone 4 right next to me on subway. I had to stop myself from staring, eyes-bugging!
'Hello' is such a faded hit now, but last year it was smoking hot.
I'm not usually one to watch the College Basketball Invitational, but this Pitt-Butler game is pretty good...
“: Can't wait til next season”
a good old #CappysPizza this was a college favorite of mine back in the day.
"You're shoes are ugly" "So is your face!" Hahahahahahahahahahaha
It's the calm before the storm in #austin #texas. Hope my flight to #nyc gets out at 7am!
i NEED to see the avengers
My dads pissed at me.
Live fast, have fun, and be a bit mischievous
love the Atlanta-ish. Trying to tie some loose ends so I can be more out and about
learned to never take me into Petsmart. I will want to buy every pet and will refuse to leave.
The strength of the group is the strength of the leaders. - Vince Lombardi
I wonder what's the shortest amount of time someone has regretted getting a tattoo right after getting it.
Good night my love
Judge Keesler: There is a danger that as a bar and as lawyers and judges we mistake activity for achievement #charlottecle #ediscovery ^BM
Attention: I have Springsteen tickets tonight so none of you jerks better create any breaking news situations today. That is all.
Watching the dark night
Player torching the Lakers? Just put Kobe on em.
:) nice new twitter name! Haha :)
"we're building for the future" they'll say, as they fall deeper in the draft. best to drink heavily on b-day
Thanks for following my twitter Neil. I agree it's all about the small decisions that compose all of life.
I am watch diary of a wimpy kid
SHOUTOUT TO EVERYONE WHO HAD A BDAY THIS WEEK!!!!!!! BDAY PEOPLE MAKE THAT NOISE!
Musical lineup for top of 11th: Wilco; Warren Zevon;
Love the All Together Campaign. Huge fan of wishing Veatrice Henson. A happy 100th birthday...Sprint.com/alltogethernow
Thanks for the follow ! I would love to get you in front of our 200,000 subscribers in #NM after restaurant week!
Thanks for the post!!! You rock
I am totally stoked... I'm all set for the new IDX. I'll get you the details. How soon can we make it active?
#TrainingTip: Cap your stair training times at 15 minutes---that's the time to shoot for on race day. Shoot for more repeats in less time.
RT : I now have 18 interesting web resources to look at from today's #sschat. Thank you! --> Me too! I have all these open tabs!
Don't fly spirit air. They refused to refund $191 fare to veteran who is dying.
I'll be checking on the weather in my area constantly - NE IN - we've had inches of rain and suppose to be changing to snow YUCK
Molly thanks for the follow! We always love it when we can connect with fellow Marquette alumni.
I like to pretend there's a loud DUN, DUN, DUNNNN! after sentences like that. Makes them exciting.
Our intern, , has left the building. We'll miss him! He did great!
wait...you're up here in NYC and didn't call... bo
I am a premed major so homework and studying but I decided I miss twitter so Im back =] how are you?
if I "need" alcohol to be there, I think I shouldn't plan on dishing out the cash to be there, y'know?
RT : New entries for our H MUSIC Song of the Month.
No more "Curling films"?!?! Oh, LC, why so must you make the Canadian catalogers cry?
O you go to notre dame bro.... Classic nick dirienzo
hello liam :) how are you today?
#mywordoftheday listen // clients, friends, family, pets, news, followers, your parents = good listening will give you an edge
Every 9 1/2 min, someone in the U.S. is infected with HIV. Call us at 877-411-TKNO to know your HIV status today and we will come to YOU!
#SometimesIJustWant to go on a road trip heading no where. It's the adventure and not the destination that you'll remember when you're older
Lmfao you're going to hate me
Hopefully YOU know Karma.
Looks like #Westbrook free throws didnt work.
u welcome
RT : Dear We will all leave mitten shaped cookies if you declare #MI the true mitten state.
I enjoy the wee hours most. I'm just a people person, I guess.
MT : Europe's rejection of austerity in favor of stimulus policies shd be viewed as a positive for world economy. Reject austerity.
Harden is on a mission
Looking forward to Measuring Social Media Success on 5/17 at #uwebc. and Spectrum Brands presenting.
Actually, I probably won't be doing any creative work at all tomorrow.
for what Joe? Any word?
I just don't understand, why you running from a good man baby? Why you wanna turn your back on love.. why you've already given up..
that awkward moment when LinkedIn sends invites to the majority of ur gmail contacts not just the ones u selected...
I'm very jealous. Sounds so tasty!
Roobios tea, john maus, airport shuttle
I'm really having a hard time with #Paleo #paleodiet when sick with a stomach virus. I crave pasta, bagels, bread, rice, etc. Ugh.
Tweeted the man shitting on a solid gold toilet. RT : It's Thursday, how much $ has wasted today?
RT : Already excited about my friend being @ Cornerstone this Wed nite. Don't miss it - it's gonna b incredible!
They Pulled me Over #afterdark , I Had to do the Breathalizer Test, walk the Line,The Whole Nine Yards, These Cops Serious. Lol
Just want to cry.
Coming to Franklin Sq on April 21! MT : Docs in the Park is this Saturday at Gwynns Fall/Leakin Park!
Great movie!
I don't know why they never show up for you
Would you Retweet this? i love your singing :)
you're a nerd
Which panel are you in?
it's also very likely she's lying about living in a paper cave (though a few days ago there were bits of paper mache in her hair)
Did you do the same thing I did tonight?
You're all just scared Lol Pens take injuries and keep winning. Don't throw temper tantrums like a 4 yr girl.Torts
Exactly. No wonder I'm always lost.
RT : Will melo anounce the deal on conan?!?!?! I wouldn't miss it. Word is its goin down like right now
one assumes with proper Humphrey Bogart style Havanna headgear...
as long as they're not rude or violent, schizophrenics are my favourite type of people. i am oddly comforted by them.
I love the new louie show!!
Chicago's Finest<3
When you find money in your pockets>>>
Unusually satisfying Monday--making slow but steady project on book revision project
you got twitter yayy! Missing you! Me you & need to meet up ASAP! x
Our 1st Salsa Social tomorrow Oct. 1st at 10:00p.m. Best of Times Ballroom 6255 SW 8 Street. Parking in the back of bldg. Awesome!!!
RT : Q4) Be honest if youve changed/deleted & explain. Dont just reject their content w/o any discussion.
Damn I just want to my yearbook...see what he wrote!!
My Friend Elise Is PIG SITTING! Lulu Is The Pig And She is Super Adorable!
feeling that feeling that I feel when I feel stuff.
The suspense ... Will it be Juliette or Jamar?? Two of the best!
haha! Made me think of a lot of our clients; we are in Charlotte, lots of bankers & investment people.
Stoked for long boarding! Any fun tourist things to do?
I'm so goooooooooooneeeeeee.
Hi. I need a follow back if you want me to RT etc. thanks
not so sure about the cropped dude suit, homeboy... hm.
I'm a cool cat and changed my twitter I.d. Ya know.
Are you kidding me? Loe gives up a Granny on his 1st pitch! #Brewers bullpen with another failed outing. Wolf deserved better!
Excellent! Will check it out
I don't see you at work anymore, so this will have to do.
gotta agree hell of an album
I mean yeah cheating on somebody is worse than not texting them unless they text you first, but so you understand?
Anytime... you guys check that email yet? RT : wow, thanks!
Finally, NBA making progress towards ending this ridiculous lockout.
yes, we CLA types do like to ramble on..
Consulting with investors on selling short through Maven Research. Selling short for profits and a hedge.
Um, I use a gallon jug with a rubber stopper & airlock...but I'd have to pick foam stopper over aluminum foil.
Hmm good lax session
we love you too! :] please follow me? :)
So not feeling good today
so long #Portland, and thanks for all the drinks!
Love U, baby!!!
haha you gonna be in town today!
Who will get engaged this December?
A great tasting orange can lift me out of the worse moods. I need to carry one with me everywhere I go.
ever notice how broke people always wana dress up, but rich people always got on some chill shit
It doesn't matter as long as I trust the person delivering the link and they've given me enough context to be interested.
We are gearing up for another Brazilian Foodie events throughout Miami for Sept-Nov .... details, recipes, pics and food coming soon ....
I love this artist's work: www.michaeljohansson.com/works/strolls_through_time_and_space.html
can't wait :) when do you come back down? And it's almost your birthday <3
me too! I need momma Lori advice for everyday of my life usually. You help me keep my head on straight :) haha
Thanks for your support! RT : Sweet! I can't wait to get mine.. getting the "Pit Ball" one (of course)
Did you know: St. Paddy's Day celebrations extend all the way to Japan, Russia and Singapore. Don't miss the MKE parade - March 12 at noon!
And plus, I love KD
not taking anything away from Tebow but of the steelers were healthy things would have been much different!
I think that's true. Apparently people being wrong about the new BBC Irene Adler pushes all my crazy buttons.
Your welcome :]
You are a moron and a scumbag. Your "bongo" outburst on Maher was embarrassing. If you are ignorant, you should probably stfu.
I have so much more respect for puck
Bills are a bitch.
New media reconfigures not materiality, but the idea of materiality.
me too. well, anytime really. also applies to apple juice.
never let anyone try to bring you down! hold your head up as high as you can! =)
in case people don't know this yet, its hotter than the hounds of hell outside!
So I get nauseous whenever I smell food. I think I'm pregnant.
didn't have football today <U+E404>
Q. How can you tell when a women is having a bad day? A. She has her tampon behind her ear,and she can`t find her cigarette.
Starting my weekend off right, with an Madtown Nutbrown!
Maybe I'll give a talk. How does day 2 work? Do u have to sign up to speak?
i wanna be famous one day but i have no talent.
#StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie don't open the damn door!
no problem you okay wit me
In that pussy so deep I could have drowned twice !
When darkness falls we'll draw near to the light. . .the light of the world
Our life could be a reality show
- great booth at the FAAN walk on Sunday in Denver. Thanks for all your doing to support those with food allergies!
fantastic! Also, if you have any regular spots, you can always invite me to tag along.
k I got you tomorrow!
MT : Called Kristof 19th C crusader @ panel & liberal crowd turned on me. Like some students: "What's wrong w/ paternalism?"”
Celebrate Soccer & meet team for Champions League Final 3pm 2morrow #Unleash and
Lakers and 2 SEC baseball games on. Loving this
Just found out about colorcop.net at #ctctbootcamp. Handy little tool for quick sampling colors on sites.
I love you your so cute
perfect throw by Jacory to hank for a U TD
woman after my own heart! that's how Jesus would spend Easter!
Jeffco Schools just called - they are now closed on Friday.
it's one of their best kept secrets!
Still up in Bexar County dispatch.....still slow going...
If you want to see some of the most hilarious ignorance of any Reds fan, check out tweets by I'd RT, but he blocked me. :(
Hey, thanks for the follow and nice to meet you ;-)
A few days early for #FF referral-- but you really need to follow ! She's just that awesome a singer/songwriter. Love her!
I added "Generations" and "Insurrection" to our queue. I don't think many of the other films are on Netflix Streaming :(
Status: Rally Cap On.
I must stay calm and believe in Karma.
Just saw the GoogleMaps Street View camera car driving down 7th Ave past MSG. It looked ridiculous, but it was pretty sweet.
Real People! Real God! Real Relationships! Real Change! Connect #GZconnect If you need more info about Connect Groups DM us..
furniture!! I'm so excited, had no idea. #ilearnsomuchontwitter Now on the #HPMkt agenda too
Wait. You're on the Interregnum committee?
“Chicago is one city. We shall work as one people for our common good and our common goals.” - Harold Washington
happy new year to you too!
RT: : You know who loves to dance and just released a book? that's who.
ok, cupcake talk is off limits. it's too early in the day. oh no, it's afternoon, yeah cupcake talk! yum
Signed up for an Evernote account in May '08. So why did it take nearly three years for me to become a zealous poweruser?
May Special: Custom Full Color #Banners $3.50 a sq. foot! We can handle large volume orders!
Getting 2 wake up & c 's handsome face in 's pages makes me feel kinda funny. He's dreamy!
you're sucking up... but I like it! Gauntlet, thrown!
(Q3?) RT What do we get, as arts orgs, out of these conversations? What's the underlying objective?
Yea its just a lame night that's all RT : Oh lol yea smh *shruggs*
Can we bring Bill Belichick to coach the Sox???
yikes.. I heart "makeup status"
Today is the Babies first day of Kindergarten! I am so full of emotions,Can't stand it! I am so proud to be her mommy.My baby is not my baby
true. This mix is called Collections & Connections and each song has to have a direct relationship with the next in some way.
RT : Two great shout outs this weekend: To for OU graduation & to for acceptance to UofF doc program. Woot!
thanks for following me. Can you tell me how my book is going to sell "Mastering Self-Motivation?"
. B.Rios vs. V.Ortiz, Las Vegas, 144lb limit, Ortiz wins by KO. Don't think Rios power follows him up the scales
at , #newtechnetwork is rethinking the role of teachers. They are creators, facilitators of student learning.
IT'S GOIN DOWN 2NYT INSIDE CLUB MANSION IT FINNA BE KRUNK!”
I hate sitting at the doctors, it's so boring!
Get involved with campus and student life. A student newspaper like the is a great place to start!
I need 59 followers Mention me!
. props are due to , not me.
Happy #FF to some great Chicago Tweeps
Will we ever get a tweet from you? :(
Sounds finger lickin' good.
Which books accompanied you on your last trip abroad? I had "The Wind-up Bird Chronicles" by Murakami- 624 pages of in-flight reading :)
"Lame" is deprecated, but I share your sentiment. I'm still clinging to a straw of hope nonetheless.
Basically, Jim and I want to be him. May end up that way one day. Snakeskin boots aren't that far from "Chicken Drafts"
- Hoot Hoot!! Owl pride.
[M]y Triple E?
La Jolla Scripps Underwater Park and Canyon.
rain is dry/how else/will real meaning/exclude itself
www.pledge4patriots.com is now in pre-production of the first radio commercial. Join...Donate....Volunteer become a member NOW!
I known I'd tip ya.
yu would say that!!
filming Papa Murphy's Commercial tomorrow and booked a lead in a narrative film! Woohoo!
oh okay
I think it's time to reevaluate some priorities...
#itshardwhen I think about something funny and I want to text you and laugh about it together, but then I remember we don't talk anymore
Gonna be a good fight always want money to win.
ha do tell
Why does ALA have to have a conference in a city without an airport? Seriously? Anaheim?
Seth's money…share more often!
just killed it at showcase!
Check out Del Mar's Holiday of Lights nightly from 5:30 to 10:00 (11:00pm Fri. & Sat.) at the Del Mar Fairgrounds!
My #Rangers in h-town today
Thank you Mr. Prater!
If you hire a recruitment agency and the first thing they do is post the job, you need a new recruitment agency. Anyone can post a job.
Great interview with on
Why can't anything ever go my way? Theres always something ruining everything.
all these thoughts runnin through my head <<>>
Who wants a Club Interlude discount flier? We'll be in the cities of Fontana, Bloomington, Rialto, Colton, & San Bernardino today...
Publicists need people to watch.
I love God!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> #jesussaves <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
's Kirk Stewart in #COMM483 today talking to us about seven global trends that affect corporate reputations
good choice on the slate ;)
older siblings are responsible for annoying their younger siblings. :)
If you seek darkness, it will find you. The problem is recognizing when it finds you, before it is too late.
Yeah but I look weird petting and playing fetch with trees
Thanks ! In retrospect, I should have asked your about the historical aspects of rockabilly in Vegas.
Everyone gets engaged on Xmas and valentines day, how come no one gets engaged on Earth Day?!? It would be unpredictable at least
Saturday morning and the babe is still sound asleep. Do I dare try and enjoy my coffee?!
I'm going to try and say "thank you," 100 times today. 99 to go.
>>Sarasota..not gonna be possible tho..got to many things goin on..I'm gonna have to autograph n send it to ya
Hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
downtown Santa Clara.
We'll be watching tonight! vs. should be a great bout! <3
:'( NO I HOPE BRIAN IS GOING TO BE OKAY!
why yes it is!
Tressel couldn't carry my jockstrap...
I just love - " Mean " is my favorite song right now.
Follow our buddies :D
I'm going thursday and friday too. If anything she'll buy it from u on thursday ! .. if u want
I usually have a glass of lemonade, but to each their own! Lol
Your Tryna Test Me , Your Gonna Fail
I could imagine running into Austin and just shaking because i'm right next to him.
Have you ever looked fear in the face and said I just don't care?
My buddy Caio is now freelancing, he is a Creative Director and is awesome....check out his site www.iamcaio.com
Watching Jersey Shore. :)
that's awesome. although I've never read it. or actually I may have. perhaps I can't remember.
And Spurs win WITHOUT their big 3 and Gary Neal. One more regular season game to go! Spurs extend win streak to 9.
Living life with appreciation of coincidences and their meanings, connects us with underlying infinite possibilities. Deepak Chopra
Wow, nicki Minaj, what? Somewhere even lady gaga is confused.
It feels like Christmas. It kind of hit me around lunchtime that I was going to be able to watch hockey tonight.
Watching Hard Knocks: Cincinnati Bengals from 2009 and saw your #ChildPlease explanation. Haha
I was following you guys BEFORE it was cool! haha :)
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!46
God made this whole world round, and maybe it's that way so the paths that we go down will meet again someday.
Attended cousin's wedding this afternoon. Thankfully there was an indoor backup plan. You just can't count on Pennsylvania weather!
Always a
A civilized man doesn't buy alcohol in bottles any less than a fifth or more than a liter.
“ The next two episodes look crazy!!! #Revenge :O”
Has anyone seen #ADangerousMethod? #movie @
Its been a full first day of the #OAH2012 #ncph2012 this is my first time here, I'm a little overloaded, but have enjoyed everything so far
On Life I Am Too
"just because your hair sucks, GET OFF MINE!" - The Princess Diaries :)
Dennis: Our economic department is free-market neoliberal leaning. Former Prof. Luis Fernando Medina wrote paper "It's The Politics, Stupid"
thanks for hosting another great event. Looking forward to spending more time down there!
OH YOUR IN TROUBLE!!!! 1:For not texting her back and 2: For not following back!!!!! Mind explaining <3
It's official: I've begun Scags at 30. Thoroughly excited. Please read Scags at 7 and at 18 so you can want to know what happens next.
wow class must be the worst
Great read...and cute!
having a crazy OCD moment with the albums with no artwork in iTunes.
I'm here brother, just been running all around Hollywood. Your boy have deadlines, time to turn up the heat brother. lol
RT : . just passed head coach Jay Heaps as the #Revs' all-time leader in minutes played (21,620)
You r doing it up big, Jay. Have lots of fun; I pray you have safe travels. Looking forward to working with you again soon
Kyle, is now following me. Are you behind this?
I think may see disco dancers performing on our conference room table soon.
well well well... look who is TWEETING!
.There is a dead animal decaying in my apartment. I can smell it but I can't find it. Driving me insane!
is gorgeous and you can tell by the way she smiles and laughes.(its so beautiful)
just realized how much I was missing, not being on twitter
Fuck yeah, #ChelseaLately! is a woman after my own heart!
RT : I freaking love wedges and platform high heels I don't even care that I'm tall I still wear them. I'm in heaven right now <U+E106><U+E00E><U+E328><U+E414>
Shortly I will be attending a webinar "What every Records Manager needs to know about Share Point… but was afraid to ask."
Another headline we'll never see: "Kids Jazzed for More Standardized Tests"
RT : That's so cool! Dallas & OKC CAN agree on one thing...you rock! /Thank U! Will you be going to the game tonight?
Why is my timeline so dead.
Or throw their extra hot latte right back in your face.
asdfghjkl i know! i wanna go so bad :/
Read 3 articles on NC gay marriage ban, none of which quoted politicians & all of which quoted special interest groupies. You know, experts.
Woohoo! This is totally happening
yes only the second time. I'm "that guy" - you know, the one who takes the last cup and dips out!
I'm am honored that JR Rider is following me.
Happy birthday, Erik! We wish you a bday filled with day-old Hostess cupcakes! RT : #HappyBirthday, Sr. Principal
:( sorry, DaDa! Can't talk while here...not much time alone. Seems like a lifetime to me too! :( Expert climber on you, hubby!
"I fingered her so fast it sounded like pew pew pew"
how does that blonde girl get where justin is all the time............
work, gym, home, work, gym, home. I'm in a really exciting period of my life right now. Woo Hooo!
It is! -smirks-
parker misses the chip shot, that hurts
you don't have to be the fastest, you just can't be the slowest.
“: listen, i'm already going to look bad next to , I dont need upstaging me :)”> You guys crack me up!
Is AT&T Wireless down in the Miami Area?
I don't know of any books, but has some great videos on HTML and CSS.
#arlingtontx as described in NYT "this drab, featureless city a little closer to Fort Worth than to Dallas." True.. but I still like it.
Unilever confirms Alberto Culver shareholder approval to acquire company for $3.7 billion 17/12/2010 : London and Rotterdam: Unilever today
Haha aww thank you so much <3 You're too sweet!
it's my birthday!!!
I'm a OG like my daddy and a Hustler like my mama (true story)
Thanks, Adriana. I may be blaming you for this…
Lots off sirens over here near 52 and salisbury
tomorrow, right?
If I Die Tomorrow i wonder if tears come to his eyes
I want to be where it's snowing right now...
Interesting.. My iphone is getting #smbmad updates faster than my iPad.
It is!!! RT : Hey PRIVATE SECTOR BONUSES ARE NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS!
Thanks for sharing!!!!
indeed I do :) when r u back to NYC?
Been quite the morning here.
EW EW EW HES SO CREEPY! Excuse me while I go puke because this is so gross.
sitting on my back patio: fire in the pit, drink in my hand, wife by my side, dog at my feet. realizing i'm pretty damn lucky.
Hoping they do a local club date. I'll feel so old and depressed!
Every Main Room should have a Feature. What’s the Feature in your rooms?
It's a cool 84 degrees right now. It will be in the 90s soon. I would be willing to trade climates with you at that point! :)
I don't get why guys are so obsessed with Niki Minaj -_- No one comment on this cause I don't feel like arguing.
Anytime Chris.
Skip school and be in a music video, or go to school and sit through an AP class? Hm. Such a difficult decision.
I'm having withdrawals... I haven played soccer since a week in half ago.. Haha
Playing the tower bar at sunset towers, in duo, 7pm.
nothing much.....absolutely a gorgeous day.
Coming To America is on. :) My favorite movie!!
yes!!!! Same here
gahh well i hope everything turns out ok!
Will do :D
yea i got sumtin for dunn wen hes back lol his balls wont look like that wen me and u get him
if any of you guys have yet to check out Pinterest, lmk...I still have a few invites left!
What I love about the A: Grilling in 60 degree weather, on weekend evening in mid February.
are you in your new house yet K?
and Sydney McClure are GREAT at every sport.
You are so welcome...I still giggle thinking about you, light sabers and trying to avoid chicken poop. hahah
Playing in Rome, Ga tommorow!
It's our star & co-creator 's birthday! Way to be born!!
i'm beginning to see what you mean about organizing your life around that which is meaningful to you.
We are close
Things you shouldn't do by yourself: play mini golf
does ftp, mean fuck the police?
lol, tru but I'm a morning person anyways so I can hang! :-)
Happy Birthday to Dr. Kimball Johnson, founder of and Midtown West Medical in Atlanta. A brilliant mind, a huge heart. We <3 U
We're glad you're following us Katrina!
And I say chuuuurrrch!!!
I'm listening to moments, and I'm crying my eyes out... It brings back soo much memories for me. Amazing song though(:
Ah OK that's all you had to say. Haven't followed CO as much as the others.
wait... why is dude posting this stuff, saying MSNBC is FOxnews for gays, but his interests are "The Rachel Maddow SHow?"
Is there an issue we can help you with?
Netflix has the DVD.
The paper says they were not expired - would be good to know about self-signed
Mixing the #tabla for Return to Ambala (the partition song) Mithun killed it again.
Yay! Lots and lots of great stuff...
Mitt reminds me of Republican John Kerry. Both are unelectable.
thank you :)
Although of course the American right doesn't care much about the children of the working poor
Nothing better than shooting playoff game for their new #digideck platform~only thing better would be sighting.
but I am le tired.
Can I have 10 followers
Creative people love clean empty organized spaces - it gives them one more opportunity to create something new and live beyond their life!
Everyone is now trying to find AirPlay app on iTunes
Schecter is by far my favorite guitar company
I wrote some book revs for Elsevier jrnls, but won't anymore until they drop
When I talk to you, the rest of the world disappears. <U+2665>
That Frank Romano video makes my time on Twitter worthwhile. Too bad he didn't talk more about his Viewmaster, though.
I'm not feeling good today. Just got back from my dialysis. Waiting on my prostate cancer test results. "sigh" I'm a little scared.
I don't get nervous if I'm surrounded by beautiful women. I know they're all too busy hating each other to notice me.
k ok
shes already ugly... on friday me and michael were eating candy he had and then we ate the sandwich i had.. she looked at us
NEWS FLASH - 50 serious crimes (Robberies, assaults, burglaries, & on & on) committed in Lexington in the past 24 hours
Peyton doesn't throw a pass for #Broncos. Am I the only one who thinks this may be a good sign?
I was good
Great dinner tonight at Loved the 3rd Coast fish.
oh, and yes... is fabulous.
Hey i just met u and this is crazy so heres my fist n ill punch her crazy :)
I never went to prom.
Ew, I kinda wish she wasn't picked to be a judge! .__.
making her first 4sq check in. on his way...maybe a sighting?
I respect and his takes on but he was wrong about the Masters today. Till Tiger retires every major lacks luster.
hey sexy!!
I keep getting DM's that people on another site said something about me.Fuck you it was in 2009 and I was super drunk assholes.
Since D' Antoni left my Knicks are 3-0 all double digit victories Lets go Knicks! all my loyal Knick fans stand up! #2012 champs
Looks like Lebron doesnt even want to win this game
": That a way Yadi! Maybe keeping Estrada in with bases loaded wasn't a good idea?" Maybe you shut up!
Thanks for doing that!
In space? That isn't the only place.
thanks for the mention!
I need my rai channel for the next 3 weeks....#giroditalia starts
Shoutout to for all her hard work. Rags is going to be amazing.
You know it's a great bday when you end night debating efficacy of stimulus & Keynesian vs. Austrian econ over jumbo slice cc:
yea Ito had a job and could buy whatever I would buy them
Our next one, for iPhone and Android, is coming very soon. Stay tuned.
Stopped in Green Dove for the first time and John took care of me with dank OG's and CO2 Sour Diesel Taffy. Best first timer deal in SD!!!
I'm at the Smithsonian Craft Show; excited to report that I won the "Excellence in Jewelry" award
Favorite song off #MDNA? too hard to say but probably
Right, but there are exceptions: app dls, 2 screen experiences. Abilities to drive traffic from FB diminished w/ timeline
Hey dudes good stuff!
ur amazing and so pretty hope u see this and follow me and rep?
I always get their americano if I'm forced to get from Starbucks. Coffee is over-roasted and over-brewed; americano a little better.
Christmas at the beach!
my mom and are gifts from God
Ohio state fans but ups on the most random assortment of cardboard cut outs to distract free throw shooters ever
You got this gurrl dig deep!
What are you in Vegas for?
That's neat! I don't have cash for strawberries today tho!
haha yes I am<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
#Stanford up to 14 turnovers, they average 13+ on the season. Still 11 to play but #UMass offense is ice cold now. 44-41 Stanford 10:45
What is United States Government?
In need of a car! If you have any info our what ever plz let me know! Thanks!
Larry never disappoints...but you have to meet my kids anyway, cause they are awesome :D
Usually in July. Stay tuned...
Sitting In my room bout to jump on my friend her ass snores to loud I cant go back to sleep
Third time this week I've run into
these r the type of tweets I can expect?
RT #bpchs Keep your heads up, thoughts positive and know we are a family regardless... So true! God bless!!
you still haven't slept ? or did you just take a nap ?
you're an odd odd person....
I think not! RT : So just became a citizen on tax day #coincidence?
. gives a "Parent Trigger" law briefing. Filner says supports law.
its ok my mama is at school
Gathering audio at press conference on women in science for NPR! Embargoed till 10. More then
JMac is on fire tonight.
Just finished 's book, interesting but lost me at the second half... Just random observations...
Today is dumb. That is all.
St. Patrick's Day is less than 2 weeks away! What is everyone's plans?
Rosie Pope is back on Bravo!!! Yay!
I hate people when they say "who are you?" in messenger... When they really know who you are
love me sum Toccara
no. I have a dinner tonight.
helitrox is a naui trimix class right? I don't know everybody's diff terms. I'm saving for trimix classes this fall
Here in Morocco? Oh it's cool/chilly, but not freezing like there or you-know-where. It's like 60-something in the daytime.
(AP) -- San Diego County medical examiner's office rules Junior Seau's death a suicide.
Bang on Kenny!! This past 7 days has proved it :-)
Thursday is a packed day. We have great networking, a great topic, great food, and this time - a monkey. Sold?
Is it possible to have your bracket busted before the tournament begins?
oh wow. Thank you!
RT : is a thought-provoking film (thanks )! It's hard to digest the fact that we waste tons...
wooohooo! thanks for the shout out and great to meet you too!
if you ever need to promote anything let me know we actually have quite a big audience now we can show video, insert linka ,etc
Big S/O to in the #WorldFamous #Platinumsuite !! Clean Mixing Engineer!!
My two favorite Christmas movies are on in a row ! CAN'T WAIT (: I love Christmas <3 #thischristmas #lastholiday <U+E32B><U+E033><U+E112><U+E022><U+E448>
I have a lot of general complaints about people today.
good to know. I wasn't sure how well they would protect the wearer.
come visit me :)
haha! Too funny
If you only have one smile in you, give it to the people you love. -- Maya Angelou
the key to true modern artistic innovation = mastering the digital future and combining it with the visual retro......
#MarkLogic let's the BBC focus on the content instead of the indexes.
alright but not 100% almost there.... thanks for asking
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 31
#SCdebate How are massive civilian "collateral damage" affecting our image overseas and what will you do about it as president?
yes really it's all over my damn TL!
DYLAN IS AT WRIGLEY FIELD HE's 20 MINUTES FROM MY HOUSE SOMEONE TAKE ME TO THE CUBS GAME
My maternity leave starts in five weeks, y'all. You are more than welcome to follow me on my personal Twitter
Yesterday, I was an audience member on The View and apparently was seen on TV three times! Also, Elisabeth talked to me!
Thanks for the shout out! How's your weekend?
hehe hes never freaked me out
I've not been to anything other than a few Cubs/Brewers' games at Wrigley... no disrespect here. Interesting ...
#NoManShouldEver be confined to stereotypes based around his chance acquisition of a Y chromosome during gestation.
send me the link to that iphone commercial you were trying to show me yesterday! LeBron James so clutch BAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Sunday is Friday's fun-hating sibling.
Haha! I see that you are a "Maybe" for the DS Simon holiday party...ah, vendors.. & PS can't wait for your xmas par-tay!
quit tweeting from the bathroom
Gimme this gimme that!!
No sweet thought to forward, no cute graphics to send. Just a 'Caring Heart' saying, 'Take Care!' Miss U!
dude it's national penguin day, I'm surprised you haven't said anything about it
I love !!!!! His songs be decent and he on every song out lol
"All things work together for good..."
Thought about the 1993 Atlanta Braves. Ate a breakfast taco. #SXSW (for )
roll dope with me ;)
Happy halloween I guess :)
About to screen #The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo for the second time :)
Playing baseball makes you automatically more attractive.
This weekend has kind of sucked..
You missed an "F" in there Roo. Love, Scoot.
buffalo is cold
Thank you sir! Call you tomorrow!
of corse. Education first. I take this shit serious.
We're underway at #EUCI web self service with my good bud talking about leveraging online maps to benefit customers.
Dinner tonight is egg noodles in a cream-of-chicken-soup/Velveeta/canned-corned-beef slurry. It is incredible.
I know what I should do - and what I'm going to do - and those are not the same thing.
as long as the cops don't think its real, or dangerous, and you're not causing problems, you're probably ok.
"On a scale of 1 to America, how free are you tonight?" "Cuba. Now leave."
How the hell wasn't that a lane violation??
*sniff* hi there!
That burger looks awesome! How did it taste?
Hoping to visit VA & WV this Fall to do Rutherford research. One brick wall to smash through - shared by hundreds of relatives.
I got it
Watching #Idol and can't figure out why people aren't voting for Elisse. She's amazing!! So talented!
RT : inspiring couple
apparently I like Twitter more than Facebook now. Gotta love tweetdeck :)
#ala11 Listening to Martha Iverson speak about the changing relationship between #librarians and
Thank you so much!
“: buying goodies for ze home?!?” got us a new iPod docking station so we can rage!
I can actually walk fine on it now it's do weird.
I just heard the phrase "bullstuff" as the replacement for a censored word in a movie. I am no longer watching that movie.
how are you!?!! Miss talking to you!
My mother once said, "Petey, there's a bright side to everything." She didn't own this team.
chocolate cheerios
Hey fellow entrepreneur ninjas it's National Entrepreneurship Week! Stand up and make yourself recognized for all your hard work!
The universe blesses those who hustle:
is navigating legal compliance, developing our pitch, creating term sheets & learning best practices.
aye bro did u schedule it placement test
OH MY GOD cutest dog ever!
no don't do itt
cheer up buttercup!
Now who do I follow that announces events? Wonder if they'll do me a twavor (twitter favor -- if that's not already a word I made it!).
Yup, I think it also helps that there are lots of people w/ dietary restrictions like gluten= lots of Passover friendly recipes.
7 students from are at West Chester University with Motivos today. Wuhoo! It's their 20th Annual #LASO #Student Conference.
"I am not concerned about the poor" - Mitt Romney... Go figure!
Austin is the live music capital of the world!
On call for computer problems today. We did a software upgrade for our ILS. It seems everything broke. Gonna be a long night.
calm down lol its not a big.deal hun
RIP fiddler on the roof ... Jerry Bock. We will miss u.
Just posted two new paintings. www.peggyguichu.com/works/295582 www.peggyguichu.com/works/295583
Congrats for FINALY getting a twitter!
running around trying to get stolen good back from teen thugs is a perfect hamster wheel workout.
Please welcome nofacenocase42 to the Max life
cant wait to see that episode i love u guys!!<3
Day 2 of #FinalsWeek. How's it going guys?
u said you would do me a favor and follow me and it would be great if you do cuz then my followers would be at an even #
you didn't miss that much....
embarrassing....and god forbid if they weren't white. 0.0. Bloody old people lol.
hope you had a good trip from LA!!
Tonight's Specials: Food: Lamb Burger: Balsamic Onion, Bleu Cheese, Tomato, Aoli w/ Side Drink: California Root Beer (Vodka, Galiano, Kalua)
God loves you. He will answer if you call
got the iPhone (:
former V #1 income earner. Left because of some really shady actions by the company.
Slammed with Twit DM Spam today. I am Blocking and Reporting all the "MADE ME LAUGH" phish's. To help track it.
.PERIODS OF HEAVIER SNOWFALL COMBINED WITH BLOWING SNOW MAY REDUCE VISIBILITIES SIGNIFICANTLY AT TIMES...DID I MENTION DRIVE SAFELY.
You mean more to me than you will ever know.
That thing that thing that thing!
Can't take this heat no more
PM already in control in Mile High #sportsbiz MT : #Broncos place bottle of #Gatorade - orange flavored - on podium. Manning time
Donate an auction item, request an invitation or purchase an ad in the catalog. Contact Mary Hilts 360.385.3102 ext. 116
#SmartIrrigation Tip: Save water! Choose plants w low H2O needs that will thrive in your climate. Consider sun, shade & size.
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
(cont.) distance relationship. Wanted to be "Blue Valentine, Jr." but failed incredibly. Good performances couldn't save it.
People take sex far too seriously.
hey alisha I miss you. How have you been?
How Many Hoes Turn House Wife
I am so full.
Down to talk more.
good as well :) why are you guys at dads house ?
What I wouldn't give to be studying/taking a Pro Sports exam instead of everything else I'm doing
Need me in the game, I'm the thrill in your life Breath of fresh air
At some point, my countdown to lift-off dropped below double digits. In approximately 12 hours, I will have relocated to Portland. Crazy.
I'm in love with that tupac holograph
Going back to work was difficult today but I'm glad to have social contact with humans again
I NEED A VALENTINE :(
Thanks for the follow, have a great weekend!!!!
MY TEAM
Resnik: 'Courts don't produce justice; social and political will produces justice'
“: Bayyyybayyy if Chris Brown ever gave me a chance, I'm gon poke a hole in that condom.” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I do have that special talent. it must have skipped you
crazy stuff in tpa.
Yea but Im 2 legit 2 quit so I keep trying Don't you hate it when you're out with MC Hammer and he won't let you touch anything?
I go so fukin hard till my heart skip a beat!!!
Nothing better than bike riding to work and having some extra time for a couple of laps around the national mall
the best internet radio is my station
@ MTMK102 I've listened to tracks 2,5, and 6 so far and I like what I hear. No matter what keep going for it. You have some serious talent.
Hahaha I knew that one day we would find a way to reenter each other's lives
It's more important to be precise than verbose.
AYO ITS DIGGY AND HE IS CUTER WITHOUT HIS SUNGLASSES
lol what notes, we never took any
"Uncertainty is the only certainty there is, and knowing how to live with insecurity is the only security" – John Allen Paulos.
I might as well just start a business where I run every one's errands! Busy day ahead...
I know poor dame ;)
Know what's awesome? Getting review copies of books. Know what would be even more awesome? Getting paid to review those books.
Looking forward to another session with Michael Bram tomorrow - I think we'll be all done with tracking. This is going to be good...
I sometimes feel like running away and living like a Wild Boy!(:
Just ate snickerdoodle cookies w. Babe :D
interview at four!
Imagine how much better the #Royals offense would be if they got to face their own pitching staff?
It was so nice dining out with my sis and my brother thanks you guys best bday:-)
Dick Dad or Just Teasin'? Bill played a clip of a dad telling his 4 year-old she'll turn black, to which she flipped! 222-6000
I wish you the best!!!
Settling Somewhere single? Superbreeia.
Starting a campaign against writers using the phrase "New York in the 80s." We need a new creative myth.
#Twins win! #Twins win!
@ The Blue Mirror with the bestie
aces for kids is looking for vol in AZ, CALI, NV, IL, AND NYC, help us help abused kids, call 828-FOR-KIDS, write to !
Fake friends are like shadows, always near you at your brightest moments, but nowhere to be seen at your darkest hours.
Thanks Debbie, it's nice to be in touch. Many Blessings, Alanna
Hopes has an amazing show tonight. Wishing we could have joined y'all. Thanks for giving us a listen and glad you enjoyed the tunes
thank you!
AIDES. Oh my.
his first choice of was already taken
My life is so blessed and a must thank my family and friends for that
John Mayer is on ellen (:
I'm determined to meet you today, Yesterday there were too many people around you.
thanks :) I like your white board. Maybe we can try that with ours.
lol well i hope you have a good day
Got a trenchcoat. Not sure if I should wear it or not.
Goodnight... have fun tomorrow. :)
Well now we play the we waiting game....
I love it too. I love it too. I love it too.!!! :)
Happy Leap Day! 7 leap days ago was my last day in the corporate world!! Always a special day in my heart!
Who am I kidding I will be up all night everyday this week bc its my last full week of high school and I wont be doing shit!!! :D
I saw the author at the 7:30am event. I am here to listen to what the others ask him.
Haven't slept, going to knock out...going to New Roc around 3 ¬_¬
media makin a big deal outta nothin, but I do feel bad for RG3 that he has to even address this silly question so early on.
": you guys playing in Herk this Friday? Did I hear that right?" Hell yes! Stoneys
that's mean!
1 more drop ever again :( I mean it was a tiny capful! ugh ugh ugh :( having UC & Chrone's disease really kicks my butt.
If you command wisely, you'll be obeyed cheerfully
You have my vote!! ": i am running for President in order to help change the dialogue of this election. please support my...
Seems too good to be true RT : “: Eagles huge get by trading for Texans LB DeMeco Ryans.” Your thoughts, ?
When you come back from doing something and theres 162 new tweets..O.o
“: BREAKING: Man detained after entering Texas airport with explosives, Midland city spokeswoman says.” wow, getting crazy up in Midland
The opposite of success is not failure; it's mediocrity. Failure is actually part of the process of success.
Successful furniture sale! Sad to see some of my favorite pieces go but I know they went to good homes.
Drunk mom driving in KC<<<
Take a peek at my new site WWW.mybizxchange.com
Jacob is my name and sarcasm is my game
Paper chasin tell that paper look i'm right behind ya bitch real g's move in silence like lasagna
RT "In spite of your fear, do what you have to do". -Chin-Ning Chu
Cleopatra owned one of the world's first vibrators
I just accidentally copied a tweet because I hit the text and then didn't hit something else before the name. Awkward that it was rt too..
Join Help local women meet basic hygiene needs. See flyer
Winning a golf tournament & marrying your soulmate aren`t in the same solar system.
My dad is so quick to insult me.. Instead of calling me stupid, go to my school and find out how my grades are and then try nd say something
cashier. However, they should have some basic knowledge or a list of recommendations.
installing Xcode so i can install homebrew so i can install all kinds of awesome
Even when brad does nun brad still get the blame for it I would really love to know why
Hope everybody had a good Monday. Been busy here at WebCamWindow HQ - Working on cool stuff.
Block party at broadway & Ave V today! Panache and throwin it down!
Beverly Morgan-Welch, Executive Director of MAAH, will be a guest on BNN's Boston Seniors Count tomorrow at 3:30pm EST. TUNE IN!
Dude how did you know what me and Brooke were talking about while you were running!? Hahaha.
Hi there RossRobinson
hopes everyone stayed warm in the subfreezing temperatures last night.
Da fuck happened? I don't feel any older. Just sore
My impression left her froze!!
Thank you.
I saw one, had to get one. I just ordered my Nexus One, next business day will not come soon enough!
after everything you think your ever gonna make another song with game?
thank so much lol! Leave us a comment :)
That last pick by Hass reminded me of 2003 - Green Bay playoff game, without Al Harris' dreads
i sold my book back already -.- fuck my life. lmao
we appreciate that - we got some new pieces getting ready to drop - check out the last catalogue ...
Been great! But insanely busy...today's Miami U's one day of Fall Break, & I could easily spend it just making a to-do list.
When someone tells me, "Great question." I never hear their answer because I'm busy congratulating myself for asking such a great question.
Yes, please... Oh Cowboys cutie... ;)
Has the Ramones' "Pet Semetery" in my head. Not bad, head, but you can do better.
somehow you have to find that audience that's waiting for your play. Which is so not an easy thing to do
PS I like so much.
oh yeah, we forgot to mention #SUPPORTBLACKBUSINESSES ah, well, no we didn't. We just wanted to say it again. :-P
Mitt Romney is for shooting kids without recourse and eating kittens. I can lie as well as him.
GAMEDAY!!! hosts Temple at 330 and Softball hosts Delaware st at 5pm/ 7pm!!
it's the most wonderful time of the year
omg! I snorted so loud! Like SNORT!!! Hahhahaha.
I Needs to go shopping
Officer, I Have Every Right to be Here.
Happy Valentines day everyone! Share the love
im in happy mood right nw... maybe its bcus im horny lol
have a bad case of bronchitis :(
No, you think you tough.. and what are you going to do, hit a girl? Nigga please!
Ironically, call box use has also dropped by 93% in SD County since 1990
Thank you for introducing me to the black keys... They are bonerrific
I just gave myself the best Mother's Day gift EVER! My 1st #mammogram!
love your new twitpic cuz!
Yeah woke up from a nap about an hour ago. Fell asleep at 4. GUESS WHO IS NOT GOING TO SLEEP TONIGHT! Blah.
my 4 yr old has a heart murmur,he's goin to the cardiologist tomorrow to find out the severity.We need all the prayers we can get!
The way my mom calls me boomboom >>> LOL. I dont even know why
At the Studio Movie Grill Scottsdale, out of all the luxury theaters this one is the least luxe. iPic is 1st, 2nd is Ulta Star Theater.
People surprise me every day with how heartless they can be
it's true
my responsible driving let to missing his class field trip. If only I would take the $340 red light violation.
Arrrrrggggghhhhhh!!!!!!! That is all.
Agree completely--Nebraska can't explain away this loss at home to a team that got dominated by UCLA--at home.
RT : Wow New Mexico Went Off !!!! Thanks For A Good Time !!!!!
Coding up my synth's persistence model. First, the WaveTable...
you too!
horny q
Whew...cold is an understatement!!
recovering from a long day in the sun baby and i are super tired!!! but gona do it all over again tomorrow
probably need the @ Twitter handle in there somewhere.
haha yeah doe!
I just got ice-cream in my iPod!!!!
Kobe not at Lakers shootaround this morning (sick) but expected to play tonight.
Easily the best feed on twiter. RT Just got hit by a car. Do you think he likes me?
There are no less than five "Calebs" playing. Confusing.
Great to meet you as well! Hope you had a great trip wine tasting!
RT : In my day, we enforced referential integrity by hand, one record at a time. Sometimes we worked all night.
More cream cheese than bagels? And no quiche?
He who cannot forgive others destroys a bridge over which he himself must pass.
why ru such a hater? I am sure the parents of those fine young men would disagree...come on...you are better than that Skip
this darn storm in the triple d done made my clear disconnect glad i got tmobile to back me up.JESUS MAD YALL. YALL HEAR THT.SMH.
Cookies? I like cookies.
thanks for the invite! I'll definitely try to stop by!
Just gird your loins for Game of Thrones. It's not for the faint of heart.
Fashion Week is in Full Swing ;) If YOU want to be walking in these exciting show this fall.. Upload you best mugshot to my wall TODAY!!
PROUD member of SAG/AFTRA since 1979
Love the "crank it up" segment during Nascar
You're ADORABLE!!!
Breakfast Burrito & Bloody Mary for 10 bucks. You can add chorizo for $1.
thanks, doug. i'd say more "inspired by" than "based on" though. LOVE , but is doing its own thing.
I like writting whenever I come accross an interesting idea. Hopefully with all the Apple products syncing, this should make it easier.
Can you feel it?
"We need to encourage #veteran entrepreneurship across the country" - co-founder John New.
I Have book too- but cant use w/ all Js new/multiple allergies~
album drops tomorrow... Go get it!!
Henry Rollins has a show? On nat geo!? Pretty cool.
hell no
such a classy lady!
. . was, 'I'm w/ these not-from-oil-corps dispersal scientists & ofcl pub hlth agncys. We agree it's ok rt now'
Exploring Latin American music with 1,000 metro school children at Lisner Auditorium. Great way to start the day!
Howdy! We're at Greenmount Cemetary visiting the graves of Civil War figures as we continue to explore #TheWhippingMan. Enjoy!
Giving thanks to Spirit for the orchestrated #SkitSkat of the genius maestro "The Cat" who traverses universal...
I deleted the tweeted realizing that there is no thing as a stratocaster bass. It's a Jazz. It looks like a strat but bassier.
Him coming to the bar was disastrous?? Or in a good way? ;)
the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act will greatly expand the Medicaid population.
sometimes i'm overwhelmed with the remarkable level of pure primate behavior considered business as usual in human culture.
High School Teams/coaches FREE entry to game wear Jersey. EM The Battle of Florida Jan 21st
we are looking forward to the season to start as well. we should have a mock-up next week. Lets set up a time to talk next week
#ThatMomentWhen girls on Facebook flaunt that they have 1D tickets, and all you want to do is cry cause you want some so freaking bad.
u should follow me babe :)
Attention - Pay attention to what a man is, not what he has been.
And They Pit That Loroco Crap In Pupusas?
True but Harry potter will always be a part of me! It was my childhood ;)
Ferris Buellers Day Off is still the best movie loll
“: Toni's graduating today. :3 Time to get ready for the festivities.” Congrats to Toni <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
is doing my #hair getting it ready for
"She said she's bad for me, but what if that's the reason why I proceed to pursue ?"
I love working out! xo
Enjoying the stream tonight!
the weather doesnt help me...
That's the last time I trust htc's garbage weather app
can u c the stdnt artwork on set? Thx for putting it up!
good morning! www.superimpactfitness.com
Life is a choice.
"you belong @ your library...where ever you are"?
: HA!! I just waved to you as you set up.
Looks can be deceiving, So dont judge the book by its cover..--
you always say just the right thing! :)
Looking forward to #rosefestival2012 Kickoff fireworks is May 25th! Do you have any summer traditions you are looking forward to?
Goodmorning world of Twitter! Its a beautiful day, though it is Monday
unfortunately, your points address simply learning by video & don't show an understanding of flipped class at all.
i made ALOT of mistakes in my lifetime , but i try to learn from every single one of em
it will happen eventually. Whichever side your on, I hope we ALL make money brotha. GLTY.
enjoying the #BNPparibasopen tonite :) i'm sad i have missed 1 of my very favorite players :) i wanted to see her so much!
Phrases/words lost in the English language: "Excuse me", "pardon me", "my apologies", "please", "thank you", "God Bless" and "love".
I'm slogging through the Philly half and my husband is running the full! Good luck!
I was just there last night. I love Lakeline Mall!
only time wish I could get some. Love u when u coming back home I drive,now my dad bought me a car my birthday today
when is fall fashion week in mn?
I am so ready to see Gavin Degraw show everyone how great of a dancer he is
Really big girls should not be wearing sun dresses.
thank you hun!
heey! Whats up? How have you been? I love you<3
OK, this made me smile. Organization is called Certified Preowned Dogs. They rescue small dogs and find them homes.
I care about what you say :)
gaaaahh I miss you too bro
fuck no, shes been yelling at me because everyone in my room is getting trouble and i suppose im the one to blame for it..?
awesome good luck-we are also doing a 20% discount for nusextra this month! All summer tours check our our www!
What you doing this weekend?
I was careful to say TV news!
you should really watch Money Ball!
I just bought , and 's new albums. I'm a little too excited. :-)
Goodmorning Bullets Fans
Be the person you want to find don't be a nicle out here looking 4 a dime (true life)
. Are you a "reserved" twitter account prepared for us to drop the "the" from or to loosen up - Huum?
man I know this is way overdue but I'm glad you are a #raven. Can't wait to see u pancake some clowns
niggah you should be in bed
were great tonight! Best of luck on the road to Boulder
Really recommend Marni Mann's Memoirs Aren't Fairytales: A story of addiction. Great story, fantastic writing.
Finally let the boy on my server. HM watches. "What about TNT?" "Okay, fine. There." ... and I thought creeper holes were annoying.
It's funny how no matter how different our stories or situations are, we all can relate to quotes and each other.
Im such a horrible person :(
love you, friend. Thanks.
thanks my friend, the trip was A-mAZing and fun. Now to come up with a remedy for jet lag...
Byron! What are you up to these days? Besides keeping a low profile?
Once things start going good for me my mom decides to tell me that she wants me to give away my puppy...fuck man...
U.S. Rep. Tammy Baldwin said in an ed board today she is still reviewing amendments of #SOPA and wants to b fully informed b4 she casts vote
lucky u
Sounds good, man.
Yes, I'm willing.
I can't believe it myself! Time flies when you're having fun .
RT Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest -SriChinmoy
probably not. I can't deal with the 20 somethings. Even though I'm 29.
Douglasville, GA you guys were amazing tonight! Definitely a show that I'll always remember. Thank you!
Wish I was getting one of those! :-)
also yay, be in touch if you are serious-- a lot of my coming weekends are taken up w/yoga things & I'd hate to miss you guys!
In case tweet doesn't go through we think you should come by us
RT : it is all in the conversion process...how good are you at retaining client is the name of the game.
You're 2 hours late on the reply!
Climb on top
Still reading Mexican Days.
Don't allow your starting point determine your finish!
Good morning, Ron! There's definitely a "Tuesday vibe" around here! ;)
What a day. Hopefully you'll be able to get out for a walk or something sometime today. Also, while taking a walk, stop in at Stone Creek GA
people who steal stuff suck.
I don't care what race you r male or female...put a drink in there hands and u will always see a smile..drink responsible people... ;-)
Lets go caron
Anatomy of NFL schedule: Computer creates 400K options, weeded to 14K, then humans pick best 150 & eventually choose 1. (via )
They think they really somebody cuz they have so many followers knock it off all u do is sit behind a computer all day & waste your life
"I need to find a fat rich bitch,that'll do me and pay me"- wise words of my dad.
My cat appreciates all the good smells I brought back on my running shoes.
What song is stuck in your head today?
however I did pick up some chain wax :)
none of these kids (including me) watched Jordan play in his prime.
we couldn't agree more!!
How my students categorize sources: "a website or not a website"
What if the cavs ge the 1st pick again?
I'm sorry but I'm a cena fan lol
What does that mean b/c I'll do it. I just need more info.
he had that porn stash a lil while ago.
BIRDS YOU NEED TO STFU
Execs lunch? Me, alone, in the office? jam seshhhhhh
when will the VIP tickets be back up?
it will be my duty and honor to make sure your summer doesnt go a single day without raging
sure, just sent you an email.
lol i do everything for my best friend but the one day i need a favor she won't do it. nice
no:p
FREE COMIC BOOK DAY. Said I wasn't gonna but I did now we have 10 comic books we didn't have before.
You welcome
you just made my day <3
I really tried (okay, not REALLY really, but I did try) to get into pinterest...but so far, not so good.
Good lord have I... you'll have to point me in the direction of a decent one in July. I'll be in ATL for 2 weeks.
good for you! I hope it's a lot better.
Never had it before, but tater tots wrapped In bacon...? Ohmygosh jump on my big toe and call me thupid. Holy smokes that sounds nummmmy. :3
Smart kid! Yeah, the whole mother's day thing gets *much* better as they get older
3 miler to end my day.. Ouch
#SmallBusinessSaturday!! Crazy pricing is continuing! Laptop Batteries at 40% off till 12PM, then 30% through Midnight!! BatteryPower.co!
you and I, we were born to die.
Q:" So what, you leaving me for another man? A: "you have to be a Man in order for me to leave you for another one!" Movie on TV 1
what why wahh?
Wow, Twiike just threw up all over my page. LOL
One year ago: A judge in New York refused to release on bail the chief of the International Monetary Fund, Dominique Strauss-Kahn, who was
tell him I said hi.
That backseat doe (;
has eaten a delicious sandwich the size of her head, and guiltily would like another one, please.
we should have gone to #roscoes this tomato soup and NASCAR isn't cutting it
Lmao your name is still GabiLovesRihanna in my phone from a drunk night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
In San Antonio for our toughest game of the year so far 730 vs OLLU. 10-2 Rams vs 9-3 Saints. Winner takes early lead in conference
' Webster Lewin () moderating a panel this afternoon on location based marketing at DMA 2011 COnference in Boston.
no not im doin it now foo .
lets see how this day goes !!!!!
Hey man! Checking in to see how your health issues are going. Last time we messaged you were struggling. Hope all is well!
I'm still in bed like I ain't gotta go to work smh
Stick ur hand in some random persons pocket & demand they give you they/your wallet
Saturday Night PARTY!! BIG NAMES IN THE HOUSE!! COME FIND OUT WHO!
I'm old enough to understand when to let go.
I guess I'm just an inspiration.
MT : Costume designer Edith Head b. 1897. Won eight Academy Awards for her work, more than any other woman.
Asm approves AB 620 by 2 improve life for LGBT students on #CSU, #C and #UC campuses, promote anti-bully policies.
I'm first(; yea buddie
See ya NYC! Be back soon...The Viewfinders
congrats man enjoy every second of it and learn as much as you can
You snooze you lose.
watching rob and big .
that is so wrong, and no severe punishment if they find the killer, sad
#Libra has grace, charm & beauty @ it's best on the red carpet. Kind, modest winners often the favorite. The spouse is ALWAYS by their side
I'm somewhat blind to my own visual style it seems.
Listening to Marty Dickinson at AuthorU in Denver. Amazing info.
you're coming? I'll get the asbestos!
HOW DO YOU NOT DO EVERYTHING IN YOUR POWER TO BREAK UP THAT CATCH. GROW A PAIR YOU SHITTY FANS
So much good news! has accepted one of my #poems and so has Noctua Review (thanks to )! Happy first day of Spring!
Hulk is Beast! period.
Thanks for coming out ! the showcase was a blast. I hope you had a good time :)
I don't want a perfect person, I just want someone to act silly with, someone who treats me well & loves being with me more than anything
AN ARTIST GET SIGN IN 2011 BUT THERE ALBUM WONT COM OUT TIL 2013 SO THE ARTIST SHOULD KEEP GOING HARDER THAN THE ONE WHO GOING DA HARDEST
This a good game
“ old enough to kno bettah..young enough to not give af”
Most of our fall semester students have left! We will miss all of you! Happy holidays and enjoy your time with your families.
Girl Name:Jessie Boy Name:Benjamin
rightfully so!
Hello. Good morning.
Life begins at the end of your "comfort zone"
At one meeting a board member said, quote "If they want to go to the legislature, let then go to the legislature!" So, we did.
I'm saved not soft, don't get the two mixed up!
Lord of the g strings lol
Sure thing. I'm hoping other MAMs will experience AAM vicariously since finals ruined it for everyone else.
I enjoy cleaning and sorting my email inbox more than anyone should
"I called you twice and texted you".
yikes! don't let that one get behind the wheel!
v BrazilLovesAustinMahone v
Follow me on Facebook: facebook.com/ollieocarina
or maybe just smile at the next person you see, it is the little things in life that matter.
Ooh do tell!
I think nearly everying re Ron Paul is awful, but I think his anti drug war stance is a more important issue vis race than his newsletters.
Listen, Rose. You're gonna get out of here, you're gonna go on and make lots of babies, and you're gonna watch them grow.
I want some sort of giant breakfast named after a country or a profession, so you know it's good
RT : S/O to &amp; #HeartAttack hit #1 today on !! Yeah Buddy!!!
. is getting ready to announce an existing list of Winter activities. What are you interested in doing?
#HappyMothersDay!! Take this day to be served as you serve so selflessly to everyone else the rest of the year.
I can't wait for training camp. My girlfriend Helen and I are going up; we have our reservations already.
dont u live there?
Met actor Steve Little at #MDfilmfest ! Very nice guy!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MOMMY I LOVE YOU, your amazing and even though we fight sometimes your still my favorite person<3
Ice ice and more ice bub.
Just arrived at Regent U. and Founders Inn to get ready for Converge21 USA this week. Looking forward to what God will do among us.
It sounds AWESOME!!!!!
yo what's up bro ?
you forgot the part..she may never see your tweet..if we're lucky ;)
I sure hope so. I'm about over this whole 9 to 5 work thing :-)
Brazil remains the largest coffee exporting nation, but as of late Vietnam has become a major exporter of robusta beans.
Big Thank You Shout Out To: Juan Young Trust! They awarded a $7,000 to support The Shadow Project's replication efforts! Thank you!
Everyone calls me by my name, but there is only one person who can make it sound so damn special
Who picked Yu Darvish in #MLB fantasy draft? Yours truly.... I also picked Jacoby Ellsbury so go figure!
hey nice avi pic i like ;)
Staring at someone accomplishes NOTHING.
wow ... so mature huh ?
Excited about our worship set in the am:For the Lord is Good,There is a River,Come Thou Fount,Refiner's Fire,Send the Water,Adoration Hymn
I wish typing Z is as easy as getting the real deal.
It doesn't get much better than this.
good luck!!
Some lady told me to surround my self w/positive people <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
meeting with Ray today to finalize the shots - dope!
Mayor Barrett more concerned about becoming Governor where he'll do nothing also if he wins. A horrible Pol.
Ugggghhh I'm so tired of the constant sanding of the drywalls!!!!
I think hipsters are attractive
It was Ga-R8 to see you! It's always a good day to see your smile dearest!
line just dropped to -3.5
Use different Twitter clients for accounts. I also open on laptop and one on desktop when available.
Mega Media Xchange buys and sells pre-owned movies, video games and game systems, and music.
had a 5 hour nap tonight.. so i'll be up for a while. lmao
There's something liberating about giving notice at work-- even if you generally like the people you work with.
Today feels good enough to never end. It's strange how uncompromising a relaxing day can be. I had not realized how anxious I've become.
looks over at my wife asleep lol
I am not good with twitter but the information was sent to jeyissca this week. www.dynamicsbeautyexpo.com
All compromise is based on give & take, but there can be no give and take!!!
exactly what I said. Indeed they're a cheater's club lol
First time i got sunburned so far!! Yepp thats what i get for washing cars :P OwnsMyHeart:)
that is great..and what makes it even better is that you recognize her efforts! not alot of men do that for their woman!
Money is made of paper, paper is made of wood, and wood is made from trees. Therefore, money does grow on trees.
I can't stand my family for long periods of time anymore :(
I wonder if anybody has ever seen their own abandoned storage unit auctioned off on #storagewars?
what is she wearing...a satin sheet????
Finn kept on criticizing my choice in music and crazy Carl the entire ride
You say my name like there could be an us</3
what would you go for?
My bf has replaced drunk texting with drunkenly sending icards. This is the best thing ever...
thought for the day: everybody's got an angle.
congrats. I'm so happy for you guys.
Thanks for the follow
it's pretty nifty, yeah! Providence is one of em
and yes it would
I don't think so...I'm too stingy!
My tweets are pretty damn harsh..eh oh well
You know, you can't possibly be the only one today.Look outside.
I'm ready for new challenges in the '12. Time to get my change on and #makethatpaper!
Our defense has been on the field too long because of the pick 6 twice!
I think it's a go!
Show some love, help us get more followers and fans, mention us in a tweet. It would mean the world.
I am in love with HelloGiggles... Just sayin..
Louisville softball is the 15th overall seed in the NCAA tournament. Will host a regional next weekend.
So if President Obama's new motto is "Forward," does that automatically make the Republican motto "Retreat!"
Zeller can't stop Berggren down low
Sippin' on some Tampico and enjoying the last of the weekend! ;)
Oh you married? Oh ok you love her? No? Oh ok
Website down for a while as our host is upgrading their servers.
GOODNIGHT ERRRYBODY! And hell amazing bed <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Does the XQuery Mediator of the ESB support XQuery Full Text? I'd love to handle messages based on tokens (vs. strings).
at the verizon center watching raw live!
I knew it new Black Manta!
someone must be suffering from small pecker syndrome! Hahah we so funny
Shady. I just called to make a dentist appt and they said it would $195 with a card and $125 if I pay with cash. For teeth cleaning...
hey love
THanks to all my new followers. New videos this week
oh no they don't have my phone number now lol its different now...
Big run of projects finally at an end, can prepare for the rest of the summer. What's that? Prospectus? I can't hear you!
CSG director calls for feds to show real commitment to intergov relations instead of just promoting talking points
MK: Dr. Kahn is going over the irrational fear of Islam and Muslims
Congrats to and , who r running unopposed 4 city council. Hope you spend that political capital wisely.
GET TO BED, DAMMIT!
Raise the Jolly Roger!!! McCutchen is the man!!
Always happy to help! :)
Thanks a ton Bismarck, ND! We had a blast! ...and we made it back alive!
#pleaseExplain what is difficult about lime flavored limeade? Did I miss a memo? I feel like
Great rehearsal tonight! diggin the new tune
Who will come to me to Chicago mall
Speaking of Winterfest..do you have your tickets yet? Go to www.runninforrhett.org/Winterfest.
Whent to the Hollywood farmers market, great produce,great meat can't wait to use you guys Thanks so much for your hard work
hey hun....let me know if you are free Saturday after 3 to set something up.
If you done got it you got it stop pretending like u do
the willingness to do what is right, even if it goes against popular opinion. The next president must also have the decency.....
they called me in
RT Oh snap! just broke the news to the #mozinar crowd that we're launching social monitoring. The beta invite will open up soon!
Hope it's a great show!! RT“: Almost game time #bandpagehq #AUSTINROX ”
ESM Client, CB Ron Brooks shines in private workout w Patriots...congrats RB!
FOLLOWING!! long overdue! :)
I have a "friend" from Utah who's looking... Would that be weird? He's not a mormon and would prob stay at my place a lot...
Hansen continues to walk and pose for pictures in Barn 42. Union Rags is back in his stall.
The mind is a crazy thing.
It's never easy with the Joker.
.. will be shocked if doeboi dont be d.o'd for his 2marrow
Rez at Chez intact. Quite a crowd joining me, but you'll b missed :( details later
And the follower of the day award goes to ~> “: sounds great! looking forward to lots of great twitter conversations!”
I don't want to be your second prize but I take it anyways and wait until you find your first…
Are you wondering if I can dunk? Alas, I can't. Yes, close to 5'4".
FOLLOW ME BACK IF YOU HAVENT ALREADY :)
On Behalf of Houston's Attractions We send our Deepest Prayers and regards for the lost of your Uncle. May he RIP
if we get something at this point its gon be some west side shit. idk if its gon be worth it to go down there then back here
One more thing though.. If I were to say that I didn't still love her, I'd be lying.
- Thanks Ass ! QT : High And Lost Track Of Time . But Happy Birthday !
i think my "spidey senses" are tingling ;) lol
Why is my stomach feeling like this???
Devils advocate: would you see the value of the project if somebody had described it you without mentioning the G word?
Playing baseball with Savanah, Christian, Angelica, Joey, Mitchell, Melissa, LeRoy!! Hopefully i don't get a sunburn.:(
I agree. She will make money on this. Good question, this is going to be a lot like the OJ verdict, but w/o the civil issues.
thanks for the follow! We hope to see you soon!
who wants to go out in
Anyone have a recommendation for ballroom dance lessons in the DC/MD/NoVA area?
Michigan, eh? Whereabouts? I'm bopping back and forth between A2 and Detroit.
And I so appreciate it! <3
Naptime. " : Forgot my travel mug full of coffee in my car cup-holder. Absolutely heartbreaking."
Just watched the 30 for 30 on SMU Football. SMU definitely was The U before the U.
I'm doing well...just started a new job. Are you coming to NOLA for the holidays this year?
- Hi WoB- thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
is preparing to register securities in the great State of New York. Many thanks !!!
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. -Madame CURIE
I found the same company listed under 3 different names on my credit report. The correction gave my credit score a huge boost.
I love your music!!!
Is there anything that doesn't need cake? I really don't think so.
when are you broadcasting ?
I am so tired! Glad to be home!!
About the time we can make the ends meet, somebody moves the ends. - Herbert Hoover
Mission Critical: How Translation-Focused Disease Foundations May Save Medical ... - The Atlantic
Let's Co-Op Tonight! I'll be on around 7 for a couple hours.
Lol xD My mom wasn't to happy when she found it in her bed…That was the first and final ball python I had xD
sounds good. I can do any day but Thur and maybe not Wed. Let me know if any other day works.
Sorry for the late notice, but our phones will be closed this afternoon from 4-5pm ET for some team-building. Reg hrs resume tomorrow.
teapot dome: 2 federal oil reserves used 4 navy were handed off 2 Falls dept. later found he took bribes & sold the lands 2 private owners.
That way they are not caught off guard by any surprises! The best part is that it's free, Low Cost and Smiling clients :)
Just explained twitter philosophy to potential client. Twitter = listening tool.
God gave me you for the ups and downs. God gave me you for the days of doubt. - Dave Barnes.
Live at TD Garden.
i seriously think i keep that place open single handedly - theres one on campus and right across from my apartment =/
following back =)
where is my little Quinta. We missed you last night.
YES parents not here :D
thanks for a great Balboa Park Commons Advisory Committee call today with
RT Ay but for real burger king breakfast better than McDonald's • negative!
#school #libraries and #librarians not represented either at #ESEA! Good schools need good libraries!
YES I DO !
why isn't intoxication permanent
Thanks for the follow. I believe you also followed today as well. We are one in the same! Love NY.
hope you help us! Not trying to spam you! Just needing all the help we can get to make ' dream come true! :D
Beez in the trap
brilliant redundancy with great sponsors. I hope Ralph Nader loves his Merrell's
To prevent injury, it is important for your child to warm up before exercising. This should include about five minutes of light activity.
theres a new Shoneys(year old) on Taylorsville Rd, very sharp. Comparable to a remodel.
RT : There is a sometimes fine line between crowd funding and pre-ordering.
can be such a meanie head sometimes. :(
Skeels you're going to murder me tomorrow with this test
I love your blog! I'm a fan! :)
Saturday drink special, the "Luv Potion" $6.00, served all day until 11 pm - Peach Ciroc w/ Pomegranate Cranberry Juice
To many people at my house.
"I'm breaking through, i'm bending spoons, i'm keeping flowers in full bloom, i'm looking for answers from the great beyond." R.E.M
lol, Heebie, you're the best.
i know!! I freaked out!
Welp...Youk it's been a pleasure. Middlebrooks is taking your job.
LOVE!! where did you get it?! i may need to copy....
Doin Videos in the mornin during #PopHour at Soul Asylum Studios!..
I'm sorry about that, George. I'll drop a sternly-worded email...
A1: If you don’t have a competitive advantage, don’t compete. Jack Welch
Wow #mubb is lookin good tonight....
No need to worry folks! As far as I can tell, Sharon, Lois, AND Bram are still alive.
I HATE #boxing snobs
Yep. You? Then praying it does not rain so I can drink some beverages and go on a boat ride.
RT : It has been almost 10 hours since I trashed PassivHaus.. Tick..tick..tick < ruuunnnnn !
Know your FM transmitter | articleshub6.in
was the scope question Q3 or Q2?
if it isn't much trouble, I'd like to get that recipe at some point.
make sure to make plans robe there all the 352 artist go be there
Happy Friday friends! Cheers to a great 1st week of 2012! I hope everyone has a great day!
Damn VIP? What do you get if you buy VIP?
If doesn't visit and Tavern, it'd be a goddamn shame.
I think his Coachella performance might have started the 2pacalypse in Spokane.
Like a lemon to a lime - a lime to a lemon I sip the def ale with all the fly women
It gets weirder and weirder every day I swear... And YES THERE'S A CHEESECAKE FACTORY. In New York. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
about to buy something and realized I didn't get my $5 off coupon for signing up months ago...what's up with that?!
I couldn't be more excited for this!! THK YOU for hosting this!!!
They Say I can Eat A Pussy better Than A Chick Due To There Experience I've never had a complaint Anyway.
what? nice!
Got my first question of the night after 2 hours on the ref desk. Of course it came as soon as I started eating my sandwich.
at the garden gates! Fantastic!
the children of sewickley need some #theatretime with and me
"I wanna get married, now!" "I have gym!" Hah(: I love Glee!(:
because uncle wes is being a meanie and said I need a real job.
"Only God Forgives" strg Ryan Gosling- A Bangkok lieutenant and a gangster settle their differences in a Thai-boxing match. My kind of movie
+1 “: No question RT : Fishing Without Nets for documentary of the year.”
"I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian."
Spend some time just thinking... Where did that get me? High, more drinking.
RT : You can change your Facebook language to Pirate as well as Upside Down.
that's one of my favoritest quotes, it's up on my wall :)
QB Philip Rivers just went for $18.00 - a steal - $200 budget.
everyone dances better with alcohol. Recommend alcohol by brad paisley
everybody does! You're welcome man!
Le Practice de Band....
finally... that's been on my timeline for like a week now!
Awesome catch.
All dressed up and no place to go. :) I hate it when people cancel plan at the last minute...
can you message me? sorry my dm wont let me send anything new for some reason
Definitely! Swing by and "test play" them sometime! Look forward to seeing you! :)
What a blessing that is.
were here! Behind home plate. Come say HI!
Tonight I'm going to sleep with a smile even tho today was one of my worst days,,,
Viewer puts raw video of the moments after the Kenosha house explosion on wisn.com click on the story and go down to comments
by an act of generosity i find myself with a ticket to the opera tonite...kinda like the idea of going solo to an Italian tragedy at the Met
Do you like energy savings? Do you like easy, efficient home improvements? Well, "like" me on facebook, I can help! www.facebook.com/mkeme2
IM ON MY WAY TO THE SOCIAL! IM SO EXCITED I LOOK EXACTLY LIKE DAHVIE! IM SO PROUD. I CAN'T WAIT. I LOVE U! HOPE TO MEET U AGAIN!
Congratulations to the winners of our Cancun trip - Jessie Anderson & Chris Vohs! During the Alice Radio promotion with Slacker & Steve,...
nothing don't take that in a mean way
HA. I just lol'ed. We'll be drinking for life.
GAHH .! I'm Excited . I WANNA KNOW WHAT IT IS :DD
Ooh...in that marchup, I don't know which philanderer I'd take.
Bouta go on a gas station run
LOL, was just thinking the same thing.
there are no UP's in the SF Apple Store, the employees have no idea what I'm asking about.
I went to school in TX; it was taught in 9th grade biology. : Perry says Texas schools teach creationism. False. bit.ly/rtwPYW"
HOT NEW DIAMOND TEES FRESH OUT THA BOX TODAY! COME GET YOURS !!!
It's a wonderful yet extremely busy day here at TeamQ,between learning about the new short sale procedures to client meetings we are packed!
Oh, you put $4000 dollars rims on your 1998 hide civic? Cool. That's like Betty White going out to get her tits done.
Knowing we're surprised he didn't bring the ice cream with him to the taping.
Landry Fields is no longer a shooting guard. He is now a dunking guard
RT : Check out how I incorporated my very summery sunnies into my outfit on today's blog post...
all again for you, august is over, the entire smile kid album.....
Oh, a stabbing in my neighborhood? Once again I stay at my pied a terre with
ctfu u ah fool # tease also
Steak and shrimp marinating...dang,we eat good...
Morning downpour in DC = clusterf**k Monday morning commute. DC drivers are the worst. It's RAIN, you stupid shits.
Lessons learned: the big winner in the USA v Brazil match? The ref! USA win takes her off the hook for her terrible incompetence!
Having variously designed, directed, produced site-specific performance struck by 2 categories of issues: logistical and aesthetic
This dope.": One day can have a such a impact on somebody's life.. one day can ruin your life, one day can make your life.."
fairy lights!! how do I go about that?!
"Just what we need; another Amy who is down with the get down." #partytrain I miss ur face can't wait for tonight
Being good at what you do won't matter much down the road if what you are doing isn't what you want...don't sell your birthright!
Happy 100th Birthday, #Oreo!!
ha! RT : A4: Seeing the drunks walking from Wrigley Field to the bars on Clark St. You can laugh multiple times a week!
why are you sad??
Just announced the contest!
you would probably beat me right now. I can likely only do one two combos. Hahaha
back!! -smiles-
So I noticed haha but that's a good thing. It sure beats being in a bad mood, eh? ;)
#Spinners hold a 4-3 lead aft 1st qtr. Philly still committing too many turnovers
S/o to for tackling the tough stories. Great read about blasphemy of the Holy Spirit on the site.
he told us a few months back that not one of the 2012 guys would have started in 1996. A good and interesting interview.
and now I'm crying inside... just helped a customer looking for shelter for his infant son & wife.
I told her, do #ThatThingILike and she fuckin did it!!!!!
Don't no what ur destiny will B, but ths I no-the only 1's among u will B really happy R those who will have sought & found how 2 serve!
i may need to attend this ;-))
RT : Must listen to this show online, to hear words "Seafood Hash Knish" spoken.
In a pissy ass mood.
Follow me ? (: kisses
Thanks for the follow Maura!
Im glad your not my problem anymore so that other nigga can deal with your shit.. Happy being single no drama from a dumb as broad!
I am following you.
re preppiest colleges, I love that 3 out of 5 are from good ol Virginia
": We all make mistakes, but they don't define you. What defines you is learning from the mistakes you make."
how'd u know lol
praying for Mr. Colson!!
are you offering? :scheme:
If i dont eat wendys soon i might hulk out
I wish my mom would ever wake me up to log into FB. I'll take her laptop and iPhone privileges away from her.
DMX rough riders rapped better than p swift and they were doing it as a joke.
Naa im good(: ": If you wanna be my best friend come to The gym with me and rebound :)"
Oh my god Seabsyyyyyy!!!!
#blocSTAR RT : Didn't want to work out. Did it anyway.
Followed, love ya 2 ;)
Seriously? They are totally worth it. And if you guys would really do it, i'll tell my friend the ticket was bought.
Watching on #TheView. He just called #DOMA the "Defense Against Marriage Act" again. Not just a slip?
I have to admit, I like the new Korn with all the dub step flavor. The skrillex songs are slammin. Best stuff they have done in a long time.
it's super sweet... Tyrian is the shit!
I hope you feel better
Cranking up to write an article on pet insurance, counting my reasons to be thankful and wishing everyone a great Thanksgiving.
Grace = God’s unmerited favor, undeserved kindness, approval, acceptance and favor towards us all because of the merit of Jesus Christ.
last night was too much fun!
How can we help you in your Marketing endeavors? Call us today to schedule a complimentary consultation! 502.742.4929
I will do no such things. Lmao hopping in the bed right now. Look at Chelin hogging up the bed tho UGH
Even if I had millions reasons to leave, I'd still look for that one reason to stay.
Proper running mechanics is the key to injury-free running. Book rec: Chi Running & free clinic on Sun DeAnza Cove
I've finally figured out why so many women have dreams but rarely take action!
We need to learn to score in the run of play.
The music CDs have moved! Everything fun lives in Open Book and CDs have joined the party. Get your tunes in Room 1250 from now on.
Mailing the Season's Greetings from Chillycago cards from to family today. They are adorable!
lmfao wat kind of person do u think I am..
Soups o9f the Day: tortellini bro do...Greek Lemon Chicken...Split Pea with Ham...ravioli Florentine...Chicken Pastina...Minestrone!!
There are only 2 ways to get everything you want... Work really hard OR desire less.
I dont get a bad case of disappointment anymore, just
Try not to say," You Know" today.
Red sox game
Beauty itself is but the sensible image of the infinite.-Francis Bacon
Except when it comes to the Packers, and then it's definitely us vs them. Today is a sad day in cheese town.
i'm excited to hear abt ur progress! yep is pretty cool, ain't it?? :) glad all is good. keep me posted!
We love our #tweethearts. enter 2 win 2 free meals by RT I heart green salad peppers on my salad at
Wow great capture page Loving mlm
ill get u
Darn it. Buckle on my collar broke. And my buckle guy moved. Anybody know a good buckle guy in Chicago?
Susan B. Anthony, take the wheel.
I tried playing the Blame Game but I kept losing because of reasons out of my control.
hey Kim from Milwaukee, WI. Just wondering if are going to be staring in any movies soon?
You are very welcome!
You have to make your investors believe that you know the techniques of starting and running your own record label
#thehungergames with the family....FINALLY!
LAKESHOW BABY LETS GO... S/O TO THE BIG HOMIE D FISH THO... CHEA...
We participate in a tragedy; at a comedy we only look
who are you drew brees? RT: : Sorry for all the Nyquill Tweets
everyday im tumbling. lololol. .
SCREW SCHOOL
I just saw the Oscar Meyer Weiner truck!!!
Oh, yeah! And greetings from the public library....
why you always so selfish .
I hate him. Although it did help my fantasy team
Knuckleheads on Friday !!! Brewskis on Saturday !!!
fine, be that way.
i am going to drink micheladas tonight. i am stoked.
If this is someone you know, then you may be on the receiving end of a proposal or proposition from this man or women
Getting a run in while the rain is taking a short break!
follow me baby C:
82% spike in paid downloads from BBAW when ATT Carrier Billing was integrated
im down
durr? That might be the greatest comeback ever.
Made it to chicago for #neara11 and now we are going to #tasteofchicago for some food!
Dig that hole girl.
#Angels !!!!! Tomorrow is the day I became an #Angel !!!! 1year #Angel !! But I've always been an angel !! <3 love ya ! Y'all !
to little, to late!
what r they?
"He himself was not the light; he came only as a witness to the light."John 1:8. We're here as witnesses to point to Christ, the true Light.
Doc Friday: Exit Through the Gift Shop and Being Elmo. Inspiring me to pursue my dreams even more!
Nijas are very nitpicky. Surprised you didnt know that.
feel free 2 come over here if he want, have a lil nite cap with a brother, ill give him a nite, he aint never gonna forget lol
I agree it would be a massacre. Dan Morgan, Edward Reed & Co. would dominate #01Canes ##greatestteamever!
I<U+FFFD>d rather fall by myself than let you drag me down
i LOVE my beats. They're amazing. I've only been Producing for about 10 1/2 months and I feel like a pro lol
I don't see any "I'm live @ _ _ _ " for this morning.
and by hot chicks i mean the female gender.
I love you.
WHAT THE FUCK I'M NOT SURE IF I WANTED TO KNOW THAT. I'm slightly terrified
Does anybody know of a good way to save live css changes made in Firebug????
Someone check to make sure is not trying to drown himself in the river
Got an apartment today!!!
hahah omg nice gurl it was the best night ever right??
Can't wait to see this layered. Gorgeous!
SatansParakeet: Dislike information professional as a replacement name for librarian, but don't really have a better suggestion.
i should smack u 4 callin me a bumb...
" I love me some Him "
Bacon sundaes currently being tested on the menu at Burger Kings in Nashville.. Hit or miss?
yes I would be here
Have they come up with a cure for jungle fever?
friend: i miss my boyfriend me: so do i friend: he calls me princess me: he calls me fan -Oh !(:
thanks for the #follow. looking forward to your tweets!
Selling out again for #PlayItAgainSam !
Ya nigga wanna fuck me...=D I think we're gonna!!!! #WellDamnGucci lol
Improv 4 Kids MATINEE performance TODAY at 3pm at the Times Square Arts Center. Join us for some funny improv comedy!
Wish she would text me idk what i did....
3/3: "...& only from a dream can u wake to the light" -Tibetan Book of the Dead via #MadMen LSD trip
Hi ! I'd love to hear more about the highly anticipated gift guide. Feel free to DM or email me. Thanks!
GOT TICKETS FOR IN HERSHEY YES!
Our distributed crawling tripped some alarms, even though it didn't hurt the site. They put us in robots since it was easiest.
have a gorgeous day. :)
HEY HEY HEY TRUE BIEBS FANS ! FOLLOW ! shes so awesome , is following her . lucky . wish he was following us ):
we made it back to the gate in time. All is well! Thank you!
Thanks Sharon - we're excited!
I have an EXCLUSVE C# Developer/SQL backend perm spot in Cherry Hill, NJ. Did I mentioned it was exclusive? #perm #nj #in #C#
No Chris at 7-11, today. I also just have to work, one more night. Then I'm off for four days, I will be enjoy that. Later!!
Tonight starts the LBT Takeover-Mardi Gras Edition at Le Bon Temps Roule. You know how it goes down when B-A-H takes over...get in there!!
it's not my birthday. It's next week.
my mommy got me new running shorts <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I really don't like any teachers at my school whatsoever. They're all assholes
Heading to the Geist reservoir area to get in on some nice lake-front home squatting opportunities during the rapture.
Cooking parsnips for dinner. It's a revolution!
BOPPIN STRAWBERRY JUICBOX , hell yeah , im too down this saturday night lol .
Shabazz Muhammad will not decided till the Spring!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My pleasure! I hope that the event is a huge success!
So there are 5 kids in a family..one is gay.. what did the parents do "wrong" with the gay child & "correct" w/oth?
Was he referring to the impact his presidency will have on the U.S.? ? ? ?
Whoever goes, take mental notes for me. Really.
because they aren't Oregonians. U look delicious. Need a fedex dude in your life. Right here in PDX!!!!
Can't wait for College Hoops
PubMed on Tap is ok, but I prefer using the regular PubMed on my iPad. Which do you like better?
i know, but im sure ill see you again :)
And then you wake up...“: Griffin wants to play for the Rockets next season..”
John Riley:"I can attest that my experience at Lynchburg College has been an life-changing one; I was urged to go Above and Beyond."
Cant wait to get off work and enjoy this weather with .. Anyone have any suggestions on what to do?
it means just do. it. live. go with it babyboo. YOUGOTIT
Ok. It's official. I'm tired of eating Cosi salads. There's only so many Signature Salads a guy can stomach.
Think I'm gonna get out the house tonight. Hm maybe Ill hit Frequency, whos in Think it may be one of those nights!
yo! ASAP! I gotta hit Vegas in February , Utah in march, so more than likely, in march... Gives me time to make appointments.
Funyons and donuts.
Starters being introduced for the All-Star Game. This process could go a bit faster.
gotta moodle tonite. Would rather eat sand.
We are down Inner Harbor with alot of awesome food trucks ! Check us out and enjoy the festivities great food and Miss Twist Ice Cream !
followed! I hope your mom will give you the ticket regardless
I couldn't find my credit card, I called it in lost about 4 hours ago, I just found the card 20 mins ago - just my luck lol
getting ready to go to tempe market place......
Can't connect to shared drive. I'll take it as a sign it's time to go home.
I'm gon 2 write on all da bricks I MISS U and i wish dat 1 falls on ur head,so dat u knows how it hurts when u miss someone special like u.
Annoying when someone doesn't believe I have ADHD like they're some kind of omg I LOVE this song! GET OFF THE ROAD MORON hey its a half moon
We really are! :o
That sounds like such a fun event!
I have read Brave New World, though only once and not for a long time. I need to read it again!
Love that you noticed that.
RT 3 teams are tied atop the Mountain West this week.. who's going to win it all? #mwbb>>
Perusing #craigslist for tickets to next Sunday's game against MN. Sellers are f-ing nuts if they think they're going to get face value.
“we are looking beyond pure military might as the solution to every deterrence problem”
: I hope to hear from you soon! I lost my phone, but we can Skype. Miss ya and I hope all is well.
A1 Ideal metrics per MASB are relevant, predictive, objective, calibrated, reliable, sensitive, simple, casual, transprnt & QLTYbased
that's funny.
Hieber’s compounds Kligman’s Formula to treat AGE SPOTS and MELASMA. It works! Call 412-681-6400 today!
Goin to New Orleans tomorrow night..Yerp !
Feel likes everyone is applying for a job but me?
It is fun to see how a restaurant should not be run
plenty, lol though not me. The most famous i have ever met was Dennis Washington
Im overr it doe
thanks for listening to presentation!
Why Isn't Dirk Demol wearing shoes?
I'm thinking about getting this loft
omg YES!! chicken parm calzone for dinner!
Are you using social networking to find your next job? Give it a try, start with Linked #in - get your #professional profile started today!
Today my kids were "tweeting" at the birds outside and all I could think about was how "tweeting it"
Oh my, these errors are killing them. What does Zimm have to do? Commentators say he's unflappable. Accurate. And patient!
My coworker just took my picture without me realizing it until he walked away. Whats the opposite of a photobomb?
heath slater is so hot
RT : What other government program can assure full benefits decades into the future?
Shea Butter Scrub is a blend of super moisturizing organic shea butter blended with Carribean Sugar Cane.
Black folks always be the loudest at a graduation. Lol
...and yes, christmas ale is being served tonight
LUNCH DATE! RT : Are you & Batman in Oakland today?! Eat franks! Truck off 5th Av, Uni Pl - Soldiers & Sailors parking lot 11-2.
I love baby mama I'm so proud of you... can't call you a hoodrat no more lol
super. I have a session until 6:15. Is that cool?
I might just wear orthopaedic nursey shoes..;-)
you're welcome!
please tweet back and if your crying im srry i just love you so much please follow me love you bye bye :[
is picking me up on his motorcycle tomorrow .... #imightdie #i'llprobablypee
Paul is for separation of powers. Why doesn't that get a bigger clap?
so lucky! I'm so jelly!
Thanks chica. I'm not familiar with the HAPP-3?
Thanks for the follow. Saw a presentation relating to your company a while back. Very intriguing!
go follow
Public Enemy...wait for the rental!
What happened to Ruby RT “: Ruby wont run forever :(”
I miss you!
must begin tweeting again.
We *will* bcast a live one. More deets to come.
RT : A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts.~ Richard Branson
there's gonna be some big people here and alot of protesters. Chicago is going crazy. Could be really bad
Hope everyone is safe from the #tsunami here in #hawaii. All my good luck goes out to those in #japan!
On my way to meet with a buyer for a store. Interested in having SheaMoí Naturelle™ jewelry in their store!
Just finished filling out and organizing everything for PRSSA National dues... it took forever as usual! Glad I got it done 2 weeks early!
I'm David Hasselhoff :)!
RT : talked to me on fb. My life is complete.
Haha. You're a fool D.
Excited to be learning more about impact investing from J.P. Morgan, Osaka Capital, Hotfrog, and Armonia.
Someone should remind Ron Paul that those anti age discrimination laws came into effect at a FEDERAL level..
It is a decent sized project, but almost done now! Good luck with writing weekend! Nail it!
congrats on that - it looks sick!
There's a cop every 50ft or so in Alamance County.. There's my PSA for the day.
I aint saying that she dont love you, but i dont think she love you like i do.
i cant make you love me, but im sure somebody else wouldnt have a problem doin it
I finished reading a book today...that makes me a super smart.
Thanks for putting up with us this weekend. Rascal Flatts and Illegal Pete's got the best of me. P.S. Still love your mustache comb.
One of the guys in my department phoned at 11:30 on a Tuesday to explain why he hadn't come into work that week: " I went to a party on S...
cocktail server. Training is boring.
Working out the mythology of my novel. Yes, I know I don't have to go all full-on Tolkien. But as this is obvsly gonna take me a lifetime...
yes I have Asian powers
I love MLB baseball but agree... regular season is way too freaking long
killin it at sports right now. Lace up.
Looking for a fundraiser for your school organization? Contact us about selling biscuits at your school.
I got it from Netflix
my grandma tried to teach me when i was younger and it wasnt a success, maybe now im older and wiser.
Oh yeah and if you guys have any questions about The After Party, feel free to ask and I'll do my best to answer! (:
haha thanks!!! you should deff make one!
That was over ten years ago and I'm willing to bet that that graffiti is still there.
good luck :)
Looking for tv/movie clips to target basic social cognition with bright 8 year old #emergingsocialcommunicator. #slpeeps #PreSLP any ideas?
I made cornbread and beans for dinner. liked the cornbread, doesn't get the appeal of beans only.
cool have fun
Can't decide who I want to win on #SuperTuesday I think Romney has the edge tho..
the wind-wow, imagine where those strong gusts were before reaching my window
Ugh my throat hurts!
Dinner is ready now I can relax until later xoxo
Happy Nw Year Darwin
Door knocking in Summerlin today it should be warm and sunny with a chance of meatballs!!!
> We are now serving Gluten free beer for 21 and over =)
Wedding Time at #BaliHai. Gorgeous day! And we get to work with our friend !
Desire 4 control\RT : Non-Muslim But Burqa-Wearing 9-11 Gitmo Trial Lawyer Demands All Women Wear Burqas In Court...
Today is gonna be QUIZ. EXAM. REVIEW. EXAM.
ohh I get it, because your bday is saturday!! What are you going to do for it? Better not be working -_-
I just feel like everything should be glow in the dark
Thanks to , and for the follow... and have a great week!
Bing UI Changes Harken Back to Google of Old - Marketing Pilgrim
knew this. " The least successful Harry Potter movie earned $90 million more than most successful Twilight movie."
#WhenAustin sold out his first concert in under 48 hours <3
#KingFamily We're not going until 11:30. In the gym!!
You can now easily import Twitter friends, so ppl flwg u on Twitter are adding u to their Friendfeed
Hello twitter....
send me it and the rules!
Meetinghouse is pleased to announce its affilation with Rock the Green The Midwest's Near-Zero Waste Music Festival
where ya goin'?
Thanks all, I'm set on video for now.
RT : anyone do WP design and want to help me? :)
Hey Hannah, thanks for the follow!
#ImSingleBecause I don't mind being single, unlike some people.
email to set up a date ad time
Gonna be a good weekend in the ville
Ima be me, you be you.
"Why are you so obsessed with One Direction?!" "140 characters is not enough to answer that correctly."
It wasn't cheating, I just misread the word so there wasn't even a fair chance!
justin the song that you sing all I want for Christmas is you. That song is awesome you should do that more.
Changing up the avatar after who knows how long. Love that kid's smile.
Enjoying every second of not playing a spring sport
Looking to my PLN for resources on Webb's Depth of Knowledge.
oh, you're within stumbling distance of my house! please let me know if you find any decent cocktails around here.
Please don't take me to any more Great Lakes then force Journey and Abba songs on me.
Maybe a Heyman appearance, but besides that, I've got nothing.
haters cant't see me , nose bleed seats
i dont understand why its taking you so long. Its so good.
o i get that one every day of my life "YOU'RE NOT GETTING INTO COLLEGE OR A JOB IF YOU KEEP BREATHING" osorry
Just Kidding Hey :p
I hear main entrance gets mobbed around 7ish. Also, don't go against the flow of traffic :)
Hi Danielle picked up another one. Yeah just when the resids off my other commercial was running out yes
Getting things done involves a lot of organization, and being faithful to one’s goals and routines
It is a hot mess!!!
GUYS ITS NOT MY FAULT OKAY OMG I JUST ANSWERED THEM SAYING ENGLAND OKAY. DONT JUDGE ME
so many new followers! Thanks for following!
Line dancing with old people? #Swag It was straight out hardcore.
you sure know how to kill me
Can we be done with class?
Sleeping With Sirens<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
have a safe flight
That is so, so true! :)
some friends suggested I try asking here my com can't upload the fyrinnae site no matter what broswer used. Could it be my IP?
This. ": She's not a slut, she hangs out with guys to stay away from bitches who talk shit and start drama."
YouTube. Creating an account was just too tremendously unbelievably stoopidly difficult. And I HATE captchas! Trying Vimeo instead.
Agreed! #Bulls >
don't mock soccer. It's one of the worlds toughest sports to go pro u need a lot of skill. Not hating on hockey But dont hate futbol
right now i am tired...
Nope. Just read a lot about them over the last few years. Don't get bitten!
unfortunately, that means I left before the LARS had its public dispute with Beckham.
A2: aging population= ^healthcare industry$=healthcare industry investing in museum programming?
My friend is a good dancer and he's a guy and when he danced , this guy is like " you dance like a girl!"
"Any moment of the day, you are not promised life. But during this life, you are promised to make changes." -#TLT Kiara Daniels
Some weeks you bust it more than others. CNBC, Forbes, WSJ Marketwatch, Meet the Press among others. Hoping clients are taking notice :-)
Never knew I could be so mean,but that's just how far you pushed me...
WHY AM I SO FUNNY? #loljk but that makes me LOL
Other games that look very good for Wednesday in College Hoops are Colorado St -4 (8 PM PST), Georgia -3 going off in 2 minutes.
"Be ready to roll at 3..." and coach is no where to be found
Almost the three day weekend! Looking forward to it :-)
no kidding!
pretty much!
Thanks to fan support, we are up to #13 on the blues charts for LA/OC. Our shows are becoming more frequent and we look forward to...
HEEEEEEYYYYYYY u remember me from myspace? we used to talk al the time! i missed you(:
win the game tonight with a score of 6-13.
I found another camera that has pictures of Holden on it. Haha
A1 Also, you have store brands in the competition now and their brands have greatly improved
Chief Noble Wray just walked down Mifflin, which is amazingly, still open. However I have not seen a non police car attempt
Student - "Mr. West where's your glasses?" Mr. West - "Up yo butt, you know it" LMFAO
Furthermore, since I was not offered courses to teach next semester, no contract, financing this operation has taken on an ashen hue.
and the large banner of you he has sewn on his back.
It's getting close to playoff time for NBA. Good to see some surprising teams in the running this year. Who'd gonna win it all though?
hahaha thats all you care about,... and Showtimee Is Following Me... Aha Awesome and Yeah
Why is that the past always has a way of finding you?
#ThingsThatAnnoyMe adults who have ring backs...do you think you're in highschool? #GrowUp!
Southern Texas rock and country! The Jobe Wilson Band! goo.gl/W08J39
thanks Ben. So glad you're enjoying it. It was an unbelievable experience to make.
I'm sorry babe!
haha. She seemed so taken off guard when I asked her.
I like you!
What a distressing contrast there is between the radiant intelligence of the child and the feeble mentality of the average adult
The end the first period with a 1-0 lead over the Bearcats.
I wish, when someone tells me I'm pretty I can believe them...
Do you like ?<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> They come out in #AmericasBestDanceCrew <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> I love you<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>Do you like reading books?<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Seriously in this day & age if you can't open word docs you have no business leading a Board.
Happy Birthday to my sister
thanks for mentioning us!
Melissa, I left you a present at your store!
Thanks for the RT! Hope you're enjoying your day! Looks like the sun is poking its head out!
Yeah, right. I'd fall asleep behind the wheel.
so each person has there own morales and values throughout their culture making several cultures within one
Moving My Room To The Basement :D I'm So Excited!! It's So Much Work Though! I'm Exhausted
B content with what you have,rejoice in the way things are.When you realize there is nothing lacking,the whole world belongs to you.-Lao Tzu
ONGOING: Dances from Trinidad, French aerialists & much more! See an intl mix of performances only at UniverSoul Circus....
Alert: Emotional mess in the Weather Center for the next hour! Reading/Judging the 50 Best Moms in SD essay contest right now.
I want m hair braided....i cant take dis shit nomo...its 2 hot 4 long hair...
preach on holmes
not if they just extraordinary rendition the guy to Kabul or someplace. "Well those bomb threats just stopped, whaddaya know"
you dont even understand how excited we are to hear it!!!!
If I had a gun... I'd just have a gun
Many thanks! RT #FF all star cast
She's so good. I love the vintage feel! Where have you been pretty lady? Haven't seen you in forever!
I really really want to be in LA right now.
“: and are so adorable when they dance together(:” awwwwahhh
Follow Me Please!? 64
Up early saturday skool den gotta hit da road for my game today
Where the Cougars AT?!?!?! The cubs are linin' up! Ladies 40+ FREE Guyts 21-30 FREE! See you tonight!
I am terrified just thinking about what the "perk" would be for that.
Yeh, I'll get on your jet ski with you!
Live Twitterview this afternoon at 3:30 pm (ET) with one of my favorite LB prospects Be there and bring your questions.
Romney and Perry bickering like old couple
did he say something to you today ?
oh my gosh! That's crazy
Sneaking into 's NYC concert because YOLO.
"AM Radio is still a viable media.... Did anyone hear that?"
Eww school is gay. The teacher says were watching a movie and then tells us were reading moby dick. Well isay mm no bye dick
Its nice when you send an email to a biz contact from years ago & they respond "of course I remember you." Makes me feel warm & fuzzy inside
if you have any questions about any smog check ups or any concerns about your vehicle gives a shout and we will help you as much as we can
that dog reminds me of your performance at f8 last year
Sorry I never responded! I had a great time & met w/ the director of Kigali SOS. The property was GORGEOUS!
Today is officially "Name Yourself" Day. What would you change your name to?
funny when u look in the mirror u still cant c urself clearer or fight life cuz ur still not inferior.
All paid jobs absorb and degrade the mind. -Aristotle
nah, I do that in the Jacuzzi
listening in the Yount lot...how bout some love for Carlos!?!
I need some #naturalhair deep conditioning advice. What do folks use that they absolutely love?
We have REACHED our goal on Indie Go Go! Thank you for everyone's generosity. If you would still like to donate, we can do even more!
We're very excited to be apart of the diverse community at ! Thank you all for being so supportive during our transition!
But whatever idea was forming in his mind, was dissipated. so fuckem
I don't care if he's 2521 miles away. He's still mine. Back off ladies. (;
The opening for early afternoon posted this morning has been filled. We now have no openings for today & Friday.
How degrading!! They gave birth weeks apart
Lurking sounds like stalking.... lol but I get what youa re saying
Dear Robin Yount: Don't you dare join Sveum in Chicago as his bench coach. Signed, Brett Favre's Legacy.
Lowkey miss my friend
Awesome blog Dawn, Glad you posted all of the various Autism Charities, which shows you are supportive of all. "To ea. His own
What’s your favorite song from “Throwin’ Down”?
At with drinking cheap burbon barrel stout.
In every cinema, there's always that awkward couple kissing in the corner and I'm just there like "uhm.. i like my popcorn."
' son met his wife thanks to #nationalservice Another #loveservice story!
my SC is soundcloud.com/spotlightz I'm not that good. And my criminal mix is my 1st house mix lol.
"blunch: it's when you miss breakfast and eat close to lunch."-says 5 yr old Jade this morning ;)
Good riddance to SOPA...
I also met with a publisher today about my first book!
HA. its okay karo your just indenile at the moment evvverrry guy wants to be Alex
That moment when u think u helpin somebody and they really jus tryin to leech off ur blessins
Chinese food...in Spanish.
Yeah! Do what says #Sweethearts!
But surely your fans can understand Anne Burrell's hair? #WorstCooks as
Got a text that starts: "To Ruben..te sacas el dedo..." Thing is, I know I've used the term before myself but what does it mean? LOL!
96% of the time, i have the dirtiest mind.
the old guard get stuck in their ways and are reluctant to recognize the power of new movements and trends. so they talk shit abt the youth.
finally he's coming! we have to meet up:)
Good luck #Padres!
and we out !
Thanks so much!
Obama in Austin to talk about immigration reform? ugh
I might have a teacher who would want to have a philosophy discussion.
Just augmented my cafe experience.
following everyone that tweets #FollowMeRomoTheCat (;
i followed
Actually this is pretty entertaining. Feed away.
My client Danielle is a superwoman! This morning she did lunges, squats, jumps, sprints, push ups and 36 dips straight! I'm so proud of her
Got my 1st parking ticket. I'd like to say FU to Seattle, FU to University village for making me park offsite, and FU to the Huskies.
I've just skimmed an article that supports my beliefs; now I'm re-posting it as fact!!!
Getting ready for skewl, feel so horrible <U+2639>
hello, you can call Chris Sherman to discuss. Pewaukee location number is 262-695-0800.
Thinking about the good & the ugly in organizational #leadership! #inclusion #diversity Was thinking of the worst work environment I was in.
It is really tough to navigate now. Way too many little boxes of info.
the fact that random bands are following me and musicians makes me smile a lot. i feel accomplished.
My mom's face expression when I scared her
your welcome. How are you?
just ordered my 80s shirt online, I hope it arrives before may 2nd!!!
I have killed about 9856712337 zombies today
I don't have a type . If i like you , i like you.
Morning twitter! Got a nice day in the heat yesterday, I think I got a little tan!!!! Yes!!!!
oh i do too!
Jesus said, "I am the light of the world; whoever follows me will not walk in darkness, but have the light of life." John 8:12
dude beside reading and writing what are you up to these days?
Wishing I were at the IA Summit. Not a fan of Phoenix after having lived there, but the past 2 Summits were good! Where will it be in 2011?
Hi new followers! :)
I forgot that I have officers hours that start at 8:30am tomorrow. I am exhausted because I worked tonight. =( =(
Good Result for the yellow today
": Wow! I'm at 82% on my MIBM Goal. " #awesome Gotta log all of my #weekendmiles !
Wow rame amat ne tempat,,in a rush to coming back solo
50% is a solid F. (you're in academia, right? grades n' stuff?)
It's a school. If you don't like loud, snotty, hyperactive kids, get a different job.
Getting grilled by
I was SUPER sad when Miami Medical was pulled, but not anymore, My Queen! You. Reign.SUPREME! I'm so in love w/#Once!
I don't 'eem smoke.
Tackled the backyard. I think I'm ggoing to paint my wooden bench a lush, happy color and write PEACE across it.
I thought it had to do with a hero's welcome from 12,737
I was nauseous and tingly all over... I was either in love or I had smallpox. ~ Woddy Allen
ah, gotcha. Well, good luck a week early! And hope they give you the good stuff!!
Zoe ate all the cat shit... One less job for ma.
Downloaded CATMA and started playing around with Ch. 1 of Autobiography of Ben Franklin. Fun.
Dear person who chose the location of my gym: I should slap you for putting it next to a pizza shop!
Weekly I hate school and want summer tweet
"YOU HATE ME" Why should you care WTF I do!
": I live all alone on your island, on your island " oh I like to see the. Pretty girls
I have to SSH into my work computer to SSH into our server to do work from home. No wonder I had no problem following Inception.
Not mine ;) Although, the Notebook in a few bold colors sounds interesting...
Shout out to my 500th follower :)))Thank you!
Real nigga shit my dude!!!! Allergic to the fake..... I fux witcha bro bro!!!!
just a bit weary of the poseurs who think slapping on a grunge or vignette filter turns their mediocre photo into "art".
#museweb Love the Amnesty Int'l add. Although, it does remind me of the pictures in Gryffindor.
That awkward moment when you hit your vag on a bathroom stall door.....................
oh ok thankz for answering I wuz just wond3ring:)
they didnt let her on the plane like she wasnt on it at all and they took a fuhken hr later to call my aunt and tell her/:<
Yeah... be strong.
A father never sleeps when the daughter is at prom!
HERE'S THIS WEEKS LINE UP pt 1: Banana Cream Pie Blood Orange Lemon Blueberry Bugs B Mocha Mel Apple Pie a la Noey Chocolate Explosion
Successfully finding ways to inspire you can sometimes be the difference between success and failure. " "
Thank you! Yep, he's an awesome kid. Grandson, though, not son. :)
I take hate on 1D so bad. I just wanna punch haters neck ×_×
(Broadway/Musical references are my favorite)
I don't have an official favorite NFL football team, but rooting against the Steelers at all times works pretty well, so easily hated
opinions are always a tricky business in a free speech environment and should be handled with care.
This great, love it! in other words don't lose focus
RT : I drink straight from the carton #Thuglife// welp!! Won't be drinking at your crib then! Lol
stop by for a panini. we are around the corner fro the Market
I received my order on time and I have to say it's amazing! The quality of the craftsmanship and materials used are tops!
Hahahahahaha that Bitch is so stupid!. Girls these days
and that , all WOMAN
so tired but i know better than to fall asleep first.
Depends on specific goal, right? RT : Discuss. RT : Get over the physical! BE FREE! Cc
Strange Monday
I put that weed in the air and pass it now thats ally oopin..
Buying 21 Questions on iTunes<3
Father's day, is the most confusing day in the ghetto
Not the eyelashes! They get me every time.
great Mountain Jam show!!
Nerd. :) (Also, must find few minutes between saving the world Saturday to discuss soccer, as all sorts of things happening.)
We Been Bonding DUMB BITCH Lol Niggas Needa Think!
Loco for Locomotives: Model trains on display
I've got 5 treats down on Master of Hounds in the Derby. That means 150 treats when he wins!!!
We will probably start taking applications sometime around the beginning of next year. Check back then for more info!
Get em horse!
wish it was at Miller Park.
With Tapatio-flavored Doritos like these, who needs non-Tapatio-flavored Doritos?
Power out at HQ. says "I'm gonna go read something!" Me too!
Can't wait for the Voice!!!! Sing it!!!
lol there is a john also but he has red hair
Greenberg Traurig's Jaret Davis will discuss his work w/ the $1.4 billion Verizon acquisition of Terramark
You should just skip. The entire week.
You kill someone u needa die God
The Blazers should never draft a big man again. Aldridge is doing his thing tho.
Yay for Jenn coming home today!
I am so happy we pulled another fan in!
Yeah, that was a good year. #YankeeNation RT : #Yankees are 0-3 for the first time since 1998.
Calling someone a Hoarder is just a really nice way of saying "Hey, you collect a bunch of stuff that totally sucks."
your face, it's perfect.
what is the schedule/location for RESULTS this Saturday? planning calendar, thanks!
Yea! I'll swing by Treehouse tomm to get all the paperwork done before I go apartment hunting.
Perfection is not just about control. It's also about letting go. Surprise yourself so you can surprise the audience. Transcendence.
The older I get, the less I care about what others think of me. Therefore, the older I get, the more I enjoy life!!!
Cleaning up the kitchen & turning in for the night. Don't tell anyone but I mixed Cuban rum in with the strawberries. Whew.
you were the highlight of my week! Can't wait for your next NYC visit!
I only just finished watching MTP. My jaw dropped. Rachel handled him well; I wanted to throw a drink in his face.
Joyful performance today Avonova w/ Grant Levin, p., & (2nd gig with) Fred Randolph, b., & Akira Tana, d. Proud of self & my dancing Santa.
It's really hard to make a decision when you're too tired to hold on and too in love to let go..
RT : Given the success of the Tupac hologram I'm now considering going on the road with Bob Hope.
Just had a really enlightening yoga session! LOLJK! I'm drinking warm whiskey out of a water bottle designed for hamsters.
Are you on a bus?
hey jacob how are you :-) i need more followers any help is needed. Cool and thanks
Excellent job, Boys! 3 points!
Check your inbox yo.
hey boo ;)
Cinco de Mayo! Ole!
whats up man
I'm so hungry.
Time 4 the gym yeah Buddy
Great day, Social Media Universe! Are you ready to tackle one item of highest value today and ask for help? I support u!
John Elway, Coach Karl, the Rockies and Missy Franklin are all donating prized items to our auction. You don't want to miss this event!
Ah I'm soo fuckin mad rite now!!hollie leaving no!!ugly phillp should have left Ah<U+E416><U+E059><U+E416><U+E059><U+E416><U+E059><U+E023><U+E023>!!!
Dammmnn its cold
Shout out to one of our favorite #NYC ppl, ! We're adding her Basement Bhangra to our FIT class tonight! 6 pm, 219 W. 19th St.
easing back into the work week... need to ease back into the riding routine too
Kinda excited to see wheezy
Congrats Re 'reading' your book! You'll do great! Excited for you!
I know, right?!?!? This guy had boxes full of awesome. I wanted them all.
thanks. How is Jimmy doing?
I want a book like a robin mckinley book but I've read and reread all of her books so someone tell me what to read.
People that make multiple brackets
says 77% of families use social media to keep in contact with deployed service members
It is now my intention to eat at yogato for 30 days straight.
-And Kiss Me Good Morning Too
Ha! You never know who you'll meet while waiting in line for the bathroom. Just chatted with Lori from !
We have school on my birthday this year. How disappointing.
And of course I sit here, a blubbering mess watching Crooklyn...
testing to see if u get this? Don't think I've tweeted u before (?) :) have a great day!
Alfredo wants Jerry. He thinks he is appetizing.
Ah Clifton's. There is no better atmosphere in town.
: haha, I get those all the time.
There are tickets listed on the Twins website for the home opener, but it's only loading SRO tix @$35/per. I think I'd rather stalk stubhub.
remember to have wispy hair!
Not everyday you see a giant purple catapiller and an ice cream sundae ride by you while you're pumping gas at the gas station. Hm...
what channel?
Meghan Calahan, thanks for having our back and helping to make our dreams come true!!!!!! Yr so rrrrrrrad!!!!!!!
I'm already following him
Just watched the 80's classic "3 o'clock High" on hulu. Loved it.
Thought I would ask anyway, thank for answering luv, also new to twetter, enjoy.
youtube hit me up with an invitation to "start earning revenue from my youtube videos." Word
Esodophobia is the fear of losing virginity
My ward of the day is: " ABSOLUTE FABULOUS " now who ever sees this by tomorrow say it 5 times in school kk love u guys
just east of Viterbo right?...wasn't there in 03
Band practice tomorrow (: go hardcore or go home.... We are going to do a poker face cover and hopefully play at the Pep assembly!
That's what I figured. Plus if I get off track or need to take it slow, it won't kill me :)
Thanks for the order! :) You should have your cards in time for your conf on the 5th
bitch i really dont care
This mixtape goin in right now
happy b-day! Zombies! What do we want? Brains! When do we want it? Brains!
Even rain doesn't stop us from cleaning
Mariano Rivera potentially going out like this just doesn't seem right. The greatest closer could have his career ended by...
You could follow to talk about Jesuits, Gerard Manley Hopkins, or ANY BEATLES SONG EVER. Also for pics of kittehs.
good morning (: & ive been ready for Tuesday <3 you ready?
that's why we have a can for them, after all.
I haven't heard from your people yet. :(
Pickup Line: Do you sleep on your stomach? No. Can I?
~ For some reason I have this song 'bout drivin' in my head, & it's stuck! ;)
Made the fastpitch softball , officially a high school athlete ! Aye
How do you feel about speed dating? Would you go to a speed dating event?
I just looked at the sched. You have a HORRIBLE time slot. Also, it will fill. They don't keep endless 402 wait lists for nothin!
A sentence without punctuation is like a wiener without a Prince Albert. Just, like, what's the point?
"shouts out to Jay-Z"
How far is San Diego from LA?
"YOUR 15" is trending worldwide instead of "YOU'RE 15" and that's why we haven't found a cure for cancer yet.
August 13, 1995 - Mickey Mantle dies of cancer at the age of 63.
stay safe and warm!
DM me :) I'll tell you how to get him to notice you.
Fun fun fun! thanks ! was awesome! it is now time for bed.
It looks like the NY Giants will be headed to Title Town next week.
My mind playing tricks on me
Good Morning! It's a crisp cool Fall day and it's so beautiful! Hope you are having a Fantastic week! Are you ready for Fall?
Don't forget the Mission Reach Phase 3 public meeting tonight at 6:30 at Connell Middle School (400 Hot Wells). See you there!
with ur LOVE :*
stay with the stale face
RT if you're pregnant and or old. I can't have no old pregnant bitches walkin' around here.
Thanks :D
aww I missed you too goose! Sorry I couldn't be there to occupy the emptiness of your day! haha jk jk
RT : Just noticed that a lot of people's phones autocorrect "stoked" to "Skokie," and find it completely fitting.
and in the end.. the love you take is equal to the love... you make...
The world would be a much calmer place if people would learn to think before they speak.
Ouchh, I have to be up by 8 :(
you do have the look and the talent :)
what's your favorite color baby?
I was trying to prevent myself from spending more time on the internet than I already do.
"Wimpole Street Writers: An Anthology" is now available to download on Kindle! More exciting news to follow soon...
Im Trying To Make Some Music That People Can Enjoy & Just Have A Good Time To & This Song Fits Perfectly. Cant Wait 2 Start Performing It
Currently we r only selling our album as mp3 the actual CDs are limited
Is it my imagination or does the moon appear to be, like 13% or even 14% bigger tonight?
Looking for a #ebook with taste? Download A-Town Veteran now.#Georgia #writers #authors .
there is absolutely NO requirement that the presidents parents be both citizens. That is ludicrous
I swear I thought he was an imposter until I saw the other guys following him.
Dear Ladies #FACT You can lose up to 20 Lbs using this one odd trick WITHOUT diet or exercise
If you haven't tried Currant's Fish Tacos on the Bar Menu you may want to try them...great on Friday Night!
needs sexy guys with tattoo's for AussieBum shoot on May 30th. Pay is $1,000 for the day. Email pics to if interested!
RT : be on da look out for this new track with me, & !! "Im On"
2012 Formula 1 Rankings After 4 Races: Fan's View - Yahoo! Sports
no prob. You were right.
awesome twin peaks tour I can never find those places
Only if my dreams were reality, my life would be successful.
im not actin like a girl. Get off my nuts
You are so beautiful..to me
if you really want to get crazy try a couple bowls of Count Chocula
I'll let him know you think so. He's also got a cannon for an arm, which pairs nicely with his massive, air-filled swings.
Im here
NFC North Champs baby, and it's good to see winning again.
GOOD LUCK BBY ;*
yaaaay:D &yup me too-__-
"Only those who can see the invisible can achieve the impossible." - Patrick Snow, Creating Your Own Destiny.
If churches are concerned with helping the poor, they'll be concerned with climate change, since the poor will be hardest hit.
Eh! I didnt know she was having a cookout...I go be deh live! Lol
Appreciate the article. But the PR damage is done. Mr. Selig would have helped. Did MU even ask him?
Just became a new fan of I'm in love <3. He's definitely gonna make it to the top! <21
This page is registered . I'm that good.
Yes! I will head up the campaign.
RT : OMG...got some SICK fucking tours to announce soon...SO SO FUCKING STOKED ;) we are fucking coming for you :D
LATE NITE HAPPY HOUR!! Watch the sunset over our beaches then join us 9pm-11pm Wed-Sat for 1/2 price draft beer-it doesn't get any better!!
happy New Year to you!
Embrace this paradox today: Be intense and positive. We don't have to go negative when we turn the pressure up.
Drop by the #mla12 DH poster session this afternoon to see a demo of the DiRT / integration.
I used one of your posts as an example in an NSF-sponsored workshop I taught recently. Thanks for your tweets.
the word: shemomedjamo. Memory eventually kicked in.
Do you know any startups that could use our services FREE for a year? We're looking for 14 more companies we can help! www.billingcamp.com
Cant wait to i can really shop..In dress back to normal
Grizz fans -- stop by after the game for Grizzly After Party. Grizz girls will be attending.
What food, farming or sustainability books are you reading? Share with
One final down, one more to go. Sweet sweet freedom, here i come!
Man. Rascal Flatts be playing with my heart strings, making me cry nd shit! Such a Sap :'(!
Getting on the #kobesystem. Over the top
Ah, Sori's 1st homer ties things up in the 9th inning :)
Our lunch is amazing at Crush! We have panini's, salads and 1/2 price sushi from noon-6pm!
CHECK OUT AND HIS NFL CELEBRITY GUEST THIS SATURDAY NIGHT AT PALM GARDENS...
Lazy Sunday - I've missed you so...
Prove all things; hold fast that which is good. - Bible
I had the same deal with upstairs neighbors. Turned out to be a chair on wheels rolling back and forth.
One of football's greatest linebackers is dead, & ESPN's 'breaking news' is the Saints' bounty penalties.
agree (: its gunna be the best year ever.
if this is the real michael i <3 you, my 2 and 5yr old loves you and we miss you :-( my 2yr old carries your photo everywhere
I am incredibly bummed the Beatles: Lost Concert is cancelled. Someone needs to take me to Chuck E. Cheese or something to make up for it.
L.A. Zoo director: “If you talk to people mostly on the Westside of Los Angeles…if you ask them ‘Where’s the zoo?’ they say, ‘San Diego."
Epic Audio. "Nice job, Phil." You stoked for Craft Beer Week?
I want to do a reverse morman
S/O to for being awesome, I love you! And btw we are totally hanging out this Summer <3 (:
- Thanks. We will pass this on to David
“: #weallgotthatonefriend that has no concept of geography.” isn't Alaska next to Hawaii
13 hours with ms. Martin... Wow this day is gonna be SO FUN
Agree MT : The best education companies are founded by passionate educators. #simpletruths -Jonathan Gr…
100 points to you.
He was in this series, no denying it
Just spent the last hour teaching my grandma how to use her new touch screen phone. After all of that, I'm ready for anything.
Just saw last night's "Scandal" (Thank God for DVRs with kiddos!) -- awesome work. I am so proud of my classmate!
who cares. If it's not Comic Sans, it's not worth identifying.
Hello Sagira, Thanks for following me on Twitter.
whats popping big bra?
Hey umm I think you should follow me :)
“Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration, motivation, and a pinch of creativity.” ~ Bo Bennett
Sarah Palin wants you to invite her imaginary friend into your life and let him take control of it.
Looks like this will be the end of that show <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
“: No more birthdays for me wtf”did it expire or something lol
Time to get up & wrap some presents for Christmas Pt. 3 today.
haha, i hate when that happens! :/
true true. Oh well!
Erica was all "my tooth hurts" and I was like "oh no, I don't want it to be that time for you" and she said "what?" and I said "tooth-hurty"
Oh snap..!! No hangover!!
It's a tragedy :-/ Too many good memories with those guys
thank you! Even though today was slow and boring at work. Lol
Go Green @ UTD Tech Store! Turn in your used iPhone, iPad or iPod for an in-store credit while helping our environment.
LOL! I flew to Vegas yesterday, by myself. What the heck?
Happy International Women's Day!
I'll probably just wait for it to come out on Netflix. Other movies I'd like to see first
May the itch of a thousand crabs affect the one who ruins your day and may their arms be too short to scratch.
RT : Nothing does the trick like a 2nd floor window table overlooking Lake Mendota. (We concur!)
Girl me and the phone don't mix. lol. Except for very specific circumstances. Skype is better than phone too.
As someone who is trying to nurture her lesbian impulses, this catalog doesn't help. Do more, JCP!
Relationship doesnt get closer by meetings, But it is sweetend by thoughts
Hell I'll go to another Church ...watching Rickey Smiley
ONLY people without smartphones. Which means you can't have this type of conversation. So, go away.
See all the Freestyle crew at the 2Chainz concert (: VIP
Welcome to DFW by the way. Have a friend of wife's just got engaged & they are in process of interviewing photographers.
i just checked out your page. GOOD STUFF! :) it's just the kind of music i like!
Come enjoy our $2 Max Rake on All Limit Games! Call (702) 770-7654 for more information.
Happy Thursday- Gateway to the weekend baby! Wake up with the for fun! :)
Who needs free promotion to their social networks? Check out the site on my page.
Send some of that gear to the way of the Wisco baby, start sumthin new
#learningsomethingeveryday " Histologist " ~ one who studies the microscopic structure of plant and animal tissues in the field of anatomy.
That pizza I just had was good but the cheese was a bit tough.
I should say... J
We hope everyone had a great Easter weekend!
Happy Thanksgiving (a day early)Don't forget, Santa & Mrs. Claus arrive by locomotive FRIDAY at 10:30am!! A must-see for children and adults
#idontlikeyoubecause you too sensitive
yeah...we kinda swagger jacked the name from that album haha!
Lmfao , Ricky Tried To Do My Hair .
Lol no not right now we have millions of volunteers to try out the lozengers though. They need to LEGALIZE IT!
Gabriel & Chris won't be home then
Women Unlimited is a national organization helping Fortune 500 women break the glass ceiling. Helping develop female leaders.
I know it's very alarming
how much I miss him when he's sleeping even I'm exhausted and the amount of feeding he does!
That seems to work. Thanks!
If Bush was still President, this morning's news would be a Predator drone strike that killed one of Bin Laden's wives.
Step Brothers never gets old
Having a good hair day? Stay inside! We will deliver lunch to your downtown office!
Got nothing better to do right now than tweet..
Wait, "supermoon" isn't some kind of flash mob? Because my buns are toned and ready.
THANK YOU
The narwhals have been baconing for 31 minutes now...
amen and a pristine hallelujah to that!
Everyone Follow trying to beat CNN to 1 million followers and is going to donate tons to charity.
I also screwed up with the twitter too, but I got it fixed also lol
no modern today :'( hitting the gym instead.
I'm craving flautas right now!
u dont know, u dont drink it
#NDSA Aaron Presnell says sustainability solutions are networks of mutually interested layers, like here (read as / NDSA)
And your light will forever shine
You are getting hungry...very hungry....yes, we are hypnotizing you via tweet. Get to The Lube for some wings tonight!
Dont walk away when im talking to yew xoxo
No Miami for me next month, but knowing me things might change....
just had a great coffee talk with happy energy!
Yeah Buddy!
#drinkingforjesus needs to be trending.
#OutoftheLoop What if the marriage is emotionally draining? Seek counseling
Happy weekend everyone!
Wine bloggers! Need a quiet place to think and write during #WBC11? Come check out OpenSpace- show your credentials and get a Free Day Pass!
same here! i shall wait until then
As you watch "Shame" (a must see!), check out the Girl on the Subway in the opening scene. That's out own Lucy Walters, aka Jess. Yeah!
Going to shower then sleep (hopefully)
Oh that is soon! Well, tell her I said hi.
Playing hide and seek with my 5 year old. Hope he doesn't find me for awhile.
Does one take the money and run from Kodak?
Mahalo to all who ate local at Picnic for the Planet! Local greens
Isn't it interesting how #Obama chooses to beg a women's college for the commencement speech? God, has this man any shame?
www.MorenoValleyTestOnly.com and don't forget us on facebook
It doesn't help? When I rearrange I always find enough space to land a 747. Maybe I'm a bad organizer. AM I IN THE WRONG PROFESSION?
Why do we press harder on a remote control when we know the batteries are getting weak?
bwaaahahaha. Spot on. Norv Turner is the worst coach since Herm Edwards.
Blessed be the Lord my strength, who teaches my hands to war & my fingers to fight."#Psalm 144:1
Now, of course, there's shipping and handling, too
why is that? Its the weekend.
you guys know each other!?
Modell's. Just bought one.
like when you told me you were 5 and liked to play in that sandbox in your friends backyard but then they got rid of it. lol
Obama = politically INCORRECT
So is anyone interested in sending mealpacks to dying kids? This will be a great opportunity to help those in need and make some extra cash.
Going to start on Soul Calibur V.
Then I'll get u voodoo donuts for a house warming gift LoL
"The difference between a successful one and others is not a lack of strength or knowledge but rather in a lack of will"
This is going to be a great Friday.
damn right!
So I can't get a case of Coors Light? Damn.
are you gonna tell everybody it's a work?
well aware of this
Making mountains, not out of mole hills but chips !
RT : Since bin laden's death, 367 American troops killed and almost 4500 wounded in Afghanistan
Visiting with family and friends is wonderful, but there's no place like home!
So sorry about that! :(
sorry about the spamage. gotta promote DAB. :) thank you for the advice!
The shit says..on YouTube is hilarious!!!!
Come on Caps. Tie it up.
ELI'S BBQ com ing to Columbia Tusculum on Riverside Drive! More details coming soon!
Did i really just fall asleep watching TV? Damn! Florida is wearing me out...in a good way.
still mad about that lonely packet of salami they use to keep on deck lol
wassup sorry bout that .
Long day of filming...back to the drawing board call @ 8:20 am. Looking forward to another day of filming. After that, TimeScare
Signs of Spring finally breaking? RT Perfect day to enjoy some food outside on the patio!
Because life is too short not to seek, play, and laugh with reckless abandon.
Baseball practice tonight. Hope the Tosa Muckdogs are all ready for some fun tonight!!!
btw, 2011 splits don't seem drastically different: is Affeldt a LOOGY? What's the criteria for getting this label?
Also mark your calendars for SAT 5/14 - guitar virtuoso FAREED HAQUE and his newest group MATHGAMES! A musical genius in the house! $8 / 18+
what day
love love love your pic #gorgeous !
Believe in your dream & work hard to get it, successful people are sleepless...
A message popped up and said that!!
Gn don't forget to pray <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Massumi: instinct triggered by intensification not resemblance.
#LMSunSIG how to sneak in getting faculty to embrace course design?
I walked 15,000 steps today and got a badge with Fitbit! (actually, this happened on May 9 but #FitBit is rewarding me today... glitch?)
is your boyfriend like mexican
Do ever get tired discussing silly issues!
Is it too late for JR Smith to give up shooting threes for lent? 2 for 11?!? I was getting Harrington flashbacks.
They auto tweeted this for me. I dont use the word "cool" unless I use it in a cool way or a very uncool way that makes it that much cooler
Don't put your lips up to my mouth & tell me you can't stay.
Nope, they're exactly the same.
Currently battling an on-the-way-to-work flat tire... Great.
C/O 2013, MAKE SURE TO VOTE FOR ANTON TEEHANKEE FOR SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT!!! THAT'S ME, PROMISE YOU WONT REGRET IT :)
Spurs v. Warriors... The Warriors ave 107.9 points at home. The Spurs have lost 3 straight when allowing 100 pts or more.
Tumblr > Twitter > facebook
who's the lucky winner?
Rock bottom = Putting saved Taco Bell hot sauce packets on food that is not from Taco Bell.
well maybe lol where are youu?
Thanks for the #FF!
ONE week from today I will be on my way to visit Erica in Modesto/SanFran!!! :) so freaking excited.
Need a catchy name for a fall fundraiser for the Oklahoma Humanities Council. Any ideas?
True Story, that's how I found it. Also found I needed to delete my old blog
Nice job!
Mixed combo, of course! Why settle for just one? And we've decided, that mustache of yours deserves a cameo in the near future.
Awesome busy at #LGO. Line's our the door.
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence." -Helen Keller
Aha Why You Realy Dont Have To Feel Bad Cause Its Gonna Come Back Alive,Unless Youve Already Killed It 8 Times lol>,,<
I'm a fan of but they were sold out for today. Got stuck with the Megasuck.
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles-The Player, Psycho and Liar, Liar!
How is it that we weren't following each other before this?
thanks for visiting me when you picked up your mommy!(:
Aloha ! What will Seattle do without that smile?
I dont wanna throw you away, coffee house monday
I hit send too soon...compedium of your vocabulary?!? RT : have you ever considered writing Booty's Compendium???
a friend has a 7 year old son who started playing piano one year ago and can really swing in rag time. now that's gifted. way to go josh.
SMSU seeking a tuition increase to improve the old Mattke field
kind of like new facebook...they're just makin' changes!
screwed up a word
Well i went ahead and circled you in case you're ever over there. I have to admit, I like Google+. I always learn something from it
School is POINTLESS English: We speak it. History: They're dead, get over it. Math: We have calculators. Spanish: We have Dora. We are smart
Aw! Luke can't move out until he's 35, so you can move in with us!!!!
Yikes, hope no one is hurt
hmm, beautiful white face on top of What looks to be a red body. Fire the photographer!
ehhhh idk we will have to see!
Andy slow motion pieing Jerry is one of the top one TV watching moments of my life.
Business is like riding a bicycle - either you keep moving or you fall down.
“: #kitchenpetpeeves servers who think they're chefs” omg
i think i ate too much. ;o
Back in Phoenix!! The way my house look you would have thought I left for a month. Smh
Desert Harbor Coaching for women who need an oasis, a place to rest and repair, a place to dream and plan, a desert harbor of help and trust
Glad you liked it. That's mostly what I write about, so stay tuned. :D
I've been sick for too long. Ryan's reign of cat photos is over.
Getting ready for my Orthodontist appointment. Kill me now......
Saw your request for help with DreamFace, feel free to contact me with any questions you may have,
your lyrics are plain, like 8 ball jackets ~ Phife Dog
Wow i am so tired!
cc: MT Just read about AOL launching an online video network... VERY interested to see the concept
Thanx 4 the praise! What was fast & strong again?
So I walk in there and end up kissing my own brother. Yeah I know it's fucked up. You know what they say? Like father like son. You said...
The weather says 76 degrees, but I am saying sweatpants
RT : lol willow hush it make me
I tune in all day every day :) !
I'm reading it right now!
im 4 or almost 5 hours away ;/
No problem bro have a look at my site... we will be more than happy to promote your site, if you promote ours
Going to the movies later... :-D
That's what I said xD! Dear god sometimes I wish they could understand /:
Chocolate Bacon was pretty much
#InstantDebate I like wat marshall is sayin the better twam always wins
I agree! "Water" is one of my fav songs...RT : LAURYN HILL UNPLUGGED IS TRUE GOSPEL... OMG I FEEL UR HEART MISS HILL
debating if I want to sleep now and wake up at 2 or if I just want to stay awake. hmph.
I will be attending an aswesome fundraiser this evening for a great group of women who walk the 60 mile #breastcancer walk every year!
U be nice. That's my homie.
"politically physical" .. I love it. I'm gonna borrow that, with proper APA style citation of course. ;).
What's your favorite shop on Charles? Who's got the best style?
hallmark of #libleadership - yanking people out of negativity and fostering positive interpersonal relationships wherever possible
going to sleep dnt text me or call me....#stressed out! >.<
Hey - Sick of all your typical unhealthy options in the neighborhood today?
Someone show me how ANY new space company can guarantee a return on investment with their ideas?
u kidding? I will be front row (no pun intended ) with my I <3 the B-more Fergs tee on.
Lol fun day today!!!
So cute waiting for while he is singing Cancer
We'll be happy to see you! Have safe travels! (You can always order online from our store as well for your added convenience!)
it was thatt much?? Well damn! Lmao sweet dreamzz peanut <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
OH: You have goals and like, try to do stuff
Hi Janice thanks for following!
Palace bbq buffet, too much meat
Thank you!!
I think I'm seeing things
I love you<3
it is amazing how much I want to scrub toilets (literally) when I have writing deadlines.
she just called herself a "mahonie". someone hold me back
oh youre welcome brian :)
Today was one of the longest bloody days EVER ... glad it's over. :) And for the record, I love AMCs THE KILLING -- seriously it's so good!
Kickin' it old school & rocking some Blink 182, ah high school! Hows your Tuesday AM Going? p.s Luke just stole 4SQ Mayorship from Gabe ;-)
Facebook bought Instagram. Sigh.
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088> loves Ray Allen. Sad that this loss may have been his last game. Even Jesus Shuttlesworth gets older
We keep it classy but when we drop it we make it nasty #mansionelan this friday
Blue Jackets make history tonight...a full playoff preview..plus a big warm up in the forecast...80s anyone? And a 100-year-old bowler-at 5!
Are you guys playing at country music fest?
A big shout out to Jon Lovitz for proactively and powerfully protecting his daughter. Good role-modeling, Jon!
Good morning!! :-)
I want to be more than friends, do you?
which one had your vote?
bo this sucks !
Same to you. Peace.
Thanks to for the follow. Text messaging is a great way to keep clients up to date on business activities. 918-271-0062
Yay, on your great recs in I am so glad you included one of our local faves,
Oh stop it, you. You're making me blush!
« Lol ooh damn my mom gonna kill me , I just smashed all the eggs !»yurh gymnast died..
Floating in the vacuum with no purpose, not a one. Why in the night sky are the lights on?
yeah! Lol I love cupcakes!
to talk about my mama ! but you doing crack TF ? She Super Silly ! smhhhh
ah, is you. dope! music + vegans are my 2 favorite things :)
omg like no way????
nvm I went to Tonys house and I saw ur bro and mom but not u :(
Boys - Never underestimate a lady's power when it comes to the
closer to home?
I missed you luv, how u been? (:
lololol I never thought of it that way!
you'd b a sucker if u went to UofLOL. Because their coach has fewer NBA players in his 9 years there than Cal's 1 at UK! BBN
but my iPad fits in my bag and my iPhone fits in my pocket so......
I miss you SO much girl!!!! Thinking about making my way out to LA for a visit this summer!
wondering how i never knew about #iTunesGenius ...IT'S GENIUS. duh!
I am blonde again--thank you Jill at Magnum Opus in #pdx! With this much hair, having someone else blow it dry is the best present ever :)
going out tonight......trouble!!!
the fact is, our hand-eye coordination is way better
what is the issue with slow starts coaching or motivation?
thanks.. any pointers for a beginner?
Good morning, Dear! How is your day going? How's life?
I love coming home drunk af, and walking in to see my mom wide awake
where u watching it??
Congrats to the for their 2 Webby Awards!
And the campout for Wiz tickets begins!.
I hate seeing " does not follow " (me) depressing 2
I plan on setting up a fake FG account
Thanks for the RT Rachael
Having a substitute teacher, also known as tweeting frequently and creeping on people's profiles.
my name is kaitlyn am so very fly oo my its a little bit scary boys want to marry
Avengers was so good!!!!!
All the single ladies put your hands up!!!!
If you are tired of making ends meet, you need to be on this call at 9:00PM EST 646-519-5860 Code: 64630#
Seriously, so disappointing! RT Unoriginal. Audi obviously didn't get the memo that vampires are over.
hello world, i've been up for 20 hours straight now and i'm still not tired.
We have a new blogger. His name is JORDAN. Say hi to Jordan or he might cry.
he makes us forget that. Nobody wants any tiger to struggle. He has been awful this year and we have series expectations
"The Show" Directed By: Cynthia Graner "Los Gritones" * Directed by: Roberto Perez Toledo "SaE" Directed By: Christopher Oroza
whats the status on Gonzalez? and brauny for today?
rock. see you at the show
I will put it on the list for a kitty name now!
nice to see your finally rooting for the #Padres!!
Can't wait to hear it. Damn good flick.
The Fashion Show is no Project Runway....that's for sure.
Happy Monday!! What dance did you see and/or do this past weekend? Did you take a class, rehearse, perform, see a show? Let us know :-)
I've got my wicker basket on standby.
who you calling a #hoe, #skank? I'm about to pop off on a #bitch!
Scott Berkun The leaders who work most effectively, it seems to me, never say <U+FFFD>I
I need to get my tweets up
RT : So proud of all my students. Congrats 2012 graduates!
What a throw #bradytobranch one of his best all year
Great interview with Fred, and thanks for the awesome words about the program.
No pain, no gain!
I like white girls more than black girls for some reason now I need some white girls to fwm
not gonna touch that one...
IM THE MAN IN MY CITY
Having a great week celebrating our birthday!
Do you favorite tweets? Think I might start.
If you don't start writing then I'm going to cut your fingers off.
ID'ed it! 03 05 08 09 all terrific, too! RT : Christy, the '98 will seduce you! re:
Right now! Tune in to 91.7 FM for an interview with Michelle White inside the exhibition 'Seeing Stars".
"And now come I to thee; and these things I speak in the world, that they might have my joy fulfilled in themselves." John 17:13
they seriously do! I work out at Premier Fitness in Webster. One of my fav guys is the kid that runs BACKWARDS on the tredmil
is tweeting some real info to live by.
“: Them: Were you dropped as a baby? Me: Yeah, Into a pool of sexy.”
congrats on being named first team all-american kind, gentle, secretly #beastMODEallDAY sir
my family
Goodnight :L
I was paying more attention to the #puppybowl earlier
what channel?!?!
some of my favorite bizness ppl to w/ work with << all talented & professional.
Where's my boy at???
Awesome. Delivery too??
Gaaaah! I'm going to see it next week!
Bust a move, cut a rug, or tear up the dance floor. Whatever you call your dancing, come express it at Hip Hop in #anhkc. Sunday from 1-3pm
I'd like to try video blogging
How will you make this week healthy, fit and fun?
Theres no christmas spirit without you here
well according to the playoffs they are one of the top 4 teams in the west... Right? Define "bad team" then? Lol
Let me write that down in my 'Things I don't give a fuck about' notebook.
It's Friday and I'm letting my hair down. Let the weekend begin
lol, we saw him walk into the liquor store - as best he could
i love your new single Boyfriend! you are beautiful inside and out and i am so proud of you! cant wait for #Believe!
oh, you mean like a tapenade? You're right, that's certainly a key ingredient on a true Muffaletta! I will scold the chef :)
I don't have nothing to regret at all in the past, except that I might've unintentionally hurt somebody else or something. - Jimi Hendrix
you are creeeeeeepin
Republicans support tax cuts; unless they're for you.
Thanks!!! You're the first and that means you're my favorite! :-)
Hola prima! Lol I didn't know you followed me. How have you been?
Hope to see Ramon Hernandez at #Redsfest. What? Rockies?
A man with no imaginations has no wings. - Muhammad Ali
Have you read John Jeremiah Sullivan's essays in "Pulphead"? Great stuff. Also Wade Davis' "Into the Silence" re Mallory et al on Everest.
One guy lied about loosing a fight. Some guy beat him up so badly, he lied. Saying that, he had been jumped by several guys.
Moneyball is still one of my favorites! Next time, Brad!
Saw film Sanctim. Seat squirmer! Story line predictable. Underwater cave diving scenes awesome.
a knife
Cool. It's on my shelf, like third up on the queue.
Selective memory, most likely. Let's hope he never moves beyond candidate. Meanwhile, I should stick to neuroplasticity and poetry!
Want more free time? #Vote #TeaParty this November?
you can split it and blame me if anyone calls you on it :) I love those debates.
Good news: my office got Office 2010 today. Bad news: Outlook says I have 17,072 unread emails in my inbox.
i was there from 1 to 4
Pictures due by next thursday :)
David Cissé nasty
I'll try too! But guess what i just found out :((
I'm so sad cause I've never meet in front of the Al Hirschfield Theatre ... :(
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention "I'm Fat." "I'm ugly."
RT "Thinking about the 1930s thanks to I won't say what's in the works yet but its something cool" and crazy :)
Flying to Saigon, then Singapore. Look forward to the food, the people, and of course getting business done!
the shirts for the trip look like mustard thats gone bad .wth. ._.
if u r going 2 see Inception tonight, u might want 2 plan on brewing some good ol' Celestial Seasonings: Tension Tamer Tea, before bed. ;)
you smell...
Damn i forgot all about june 23rd ...
Needs to be problem centered, NOT content centered
omg, one of my followers are DROP DEAD gorgeous. & shes darkskinned. thats amazing.
Running time is a beautiful thing.
I passed by it and then the menu makes me want to be 12 & dress up! IRL!? That's crazy! :)
Thanks. Watch Gayle today @ 4 on OWN.Stedman's on with her.
I give up. Could not fall back asleep after the dinosaurs galloped through Tulsa (actually crazy thunder rumbles). Treadmill time!
. Any day we () grace the front page of the Star is a great day!
": I eat the news for breakfast. #Nomnomnom" well this was the easiest RT I've ever done lol.
next on the meal: equipment and supplies?
Off to work.. Come see me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Ah I think a lot of my sunscreen washed off in the ocean today.....used SPF 30 but still got burned! :-(
so what's this morning's buzz
Be prepared to see an influx of photos today that are new for a bunch of people. And eleven years old for the rest of us.
sup shelly shell
Welcome, Mr. Sperry!
Sounds like our Hopped Up 'N Horny IPA is going through some major improvements. More on that to come!
Some of the most amazing things in life can be the most overwhelming. Moving, raising children, getting to know someone new
Lawler returns as the Cardinals take over on the 24-yard line, down 28-7. Six left in the half.
Hello how are you?
Today's not a good day.
And now all I wanna see is
Police in #Indonesia tell they will not issue permit for Jakarta show, amid concerns that she could corrupt the youth
Monday is my great nephews birthday he will be 5 years old.
Thanks for the RT, you sweet thing, you!!
you blow something up in your microwave???
lol nah was watching the weigh in but yeah you see his work ethic on 24/7 haha RT : you must be watching 24/7 lol
The lightning show tonight is amazing!
Vera Wang "we don't glove you anymore".
Tweet Drama? "Twama?" how can this be? <U+2754><U+2754><U+2754>
Why would anyone FTA and have thier Bond Double as Opposed to paying the same $ to an Attny to Help them?
The first studio I ever worked for day 1, is doing a new mech game! Congrats!
lol oh yes!!!
Thanks for the RT :) See you in a week!!!
HA! (in a whisper: I think he might see your tweet)
I definitely agree with that, that's my favorite meal of the day anywho
Why do you think there's a "w" in Velsaquez? Just a hard K sound in the last syllable!
love it!!! Back stage is also fun :-) happy opening cast and crew !!!
Jenny's so gorgeous
lol alright. It better be good too
thank you :D you work tomorrow?
Some, but not all. And if you want to listen to one of the albums w/o it - kinda sucks.
Court is in session....
Tweeted something. Realized I was logged into wrong account. Logged out. Now have NO CLUE which account it was.
By the hammer of Thor! Could this day BE any longer?
the thing is that we don't have the whip right now
Come on !
Already sick of it
Jonathan Allen and Manu Raju write a hit piece on for actually working across the isle and not playing partisan BS. Fuck
and i went through her messages on her phone and saw everything.
bc I'm bright orange and once I'm on u you'll really start to question the life decisions that got u here
RIP Maurice Sendak
What an awesome set by at
dude help me with this twitter thing, not really sure how to do stuff haha
got some family in from Germany so I'm out to dinner with them right now... what's poppin
If a Danny DeVito bio-pic is ever made, I have no doubt that Stan Van Gundy will nab the starring role.
Imma get my rat tail today when I get home
Awww! What kind of pet?!
Thanks, I've placed my order. I'll let you know when the card has arrived and is activated.
US: 25 out of 30 for infant mortality rate in industrialized nations. Rates even higher in most communities of color. Need
That's a GREAT song. And I'm from Wisconsin. ;)
RT And Get The Biebs To WASHINGTON!!!!(:
hiring for a .NET/C# developer to work in #PDX. Let me know if you are interested.
Intense morning! Gave a 4-hour session on CQRS, event sourcing, RabbitMQ, Riak & Erlang pattern matching. Went well, but now I need a nap.
Did you see him carve that spoon? And build that fireplace? He could kill Bear Grylls just by looking at him.
I was gonna tweet something weird, but I'm kinda drunk and forgot.
Thanks for RT Nicole. Have a great day!
this Sunday, Raleigh, NC
Interviewer: "Who's your rolemodel?" Liz: "My mom,"" Awww<3.
Only through knowledge, are top decisions that you'll be able to make for yourself without worrying about the risks!
are u a girl?
haha i know i didnt see it but it will be the longest 2 hours of ya lives
Complete the sentence...."I have a better chance of (fill in the blank) than winning the latest Mega Millions!
Time for Glee :)
You guys crack my shit up -- hope you're both not hungover today!
Shut up. I'm sure some ppl appreciated my public service.
the fat brown fox waslked under the lazy dog.
Soo bored in kingston
no later than 6 pm.
To all the people: stop posting overexposed pictures of yourself on facebook and accept the fact that your face looks the way it does.
Anybody care to guess the 2 new flavors for March? My guesses are Ground Beef, Taco, Pickle and/or Salad. Hey, it's okay to get creative.
Heard a german girl tell a jewish joke!
I'll be checking you out homie, miss working with you! Foodchain is killing it!!!
Lol yes it is! I wish there was a store that was like Wegmans, Trader Joes, and Whole Foods combined, but all at TJs prices;)
VIDEO POSITIONS OPEN! ANY GIRLS IN COLUMBIA SOUTH CAROLINA THAT WANT TO BE IN AN ADULT MOVIE? RETWEET,DM,OR REPLY!!
sure man whatever you say :)
ayoo are you gonna be in dubv this weekend?
Happy Birthday Wayne Gretzky!
Today: Do something that has now been medically proven to improve the immune system and increase our positive brain chemistry-- Smiling.
I feel a fever coming on.. 70 Degrees in #Denver today and 80 over the weekend. It must be SPRING FEVER because I just want to be outside!
I feel like I'm carrying a large fetus. Never eating again.
Time flies. I'm not that old! ;)
i love ur hair ??
Deal... How are ya liking the gig? Cause it MUST be so different (ahem... sarcasm)
When so many are lonely as seem to be lonely, it would be inexcusably selfish to be lonely alone. - Tennessee Williams
oooooommmmmmmgggggg but I guess this is what I asked for...
what a great fucking day. didn't know joking with your friends during class would turn into this big pile of bullshit.
thank you very much. thank you for reading it. :)
true that
time together is just never quite enough.
Emergency water help is on the way! cc
wat!!!? if all else fails, DM it to us
the call in number is 503 225-0860 hope you can do it
RT : The Barrick Auditorium is rockin' for a Get Out the Vote event. Titus, Berkley and Reid will be in the house @ 1pm!!!
RT : I got a lot of important things to focus on, and the shit some of y'all talkin about is irrelevant...
Jesus lol so sexy
“ I do know..but I don't tell guys...” Good luck with that, I hope ya don't wind up on hoarders with 100 cats when you get older!
. Thanks for the Tweet about 's blog!
I just thought about the fact that left the premises with giving me my bag... :(
Home of the city's most sexy sandos!
just got a proposal for an atari themed html5 dev competition! Keep the ideas coming
Silence is not weakness, ignorance or fear. Silence is going back into yourself & remembering who you are & your strength. xo's & <U+2665>
love u 2 sunshine
Mazel Tov - that's all very cool and exciting, yet crazy at the same time!
u know it.
your cute. ;)
Dental floss appears to be in a constant state of revenge against the bathroom mirror.
Blood on the Dance Floor Interview is Dropping this week. Nate is editing it right now.
Ah!! Parks and Rec is renewed for season 5. 22 episodes!
In Vivo => Within the living organism
Get to see Tomorrow ! I'll admit, I'm pretty stoked to see them again (:
Kevin Durante bout to catch fire now
i kno u might not see this but if u do can u please follow back!! i LOVE U! xoxo
If you Follow what others do the best you can ever do is 2nd..... Be yourself and be Unique.
Yeah, just saw tweet from saying he's going out for run. Kinda stings. Hopefully still nice around 6-ish.
Also good night to the wonderful and :) I'll talk to you later today haha
I like naps
Hi! Sounds like you're very productive this morning.
You're going to love it! Celeste did a great job!
So I've heard, I'm checking out Austin this summer, there are rumors of serious swag.
Thanks for the shout-out! And, I'm glad to hear you're a fan! DM me your address and I'll pop some in mail!
Shenandoah! I just camped there last weekend.
So fucking siced I got that job training on Sunday.
yup DIED AGAIN!! She is not responding to my facebook chats!! :P
You're Responsible for Your Life......
It is HOT in Boston!! It is perfect weather for frozen cocktails!! Come try one at Tia's
Check out our new look! We can do this for your fan/business pages as well!
Go Pike Westside Rhythm!! State Finals! #MarchMadness #HoosierHysteria Winter Percussion
In case of Zombie Apocalypse, I'm tripping you.
you got it lol you guys are hilarious!!!
yeah no problem!!
Shout out to for finally joining twitter (Meredith Gamble)
I'm a bit out of it, haha. I totally forgot
proud that I mustered up the will to take hot yoga tonight. Incredible mind & body workout. Great way to close out work week & get centered.
go to sleep .
Such an emotional weekend at my confirmation retreat... I'm so thankful for my friends and family. Love you guys
2/2 "... and helpful holistically towards my performance in the course"
The only thing is full of is jimmy john's. Honest
HAPPY JORDYS DAY JORDAN!!!!! :) hope it's great;) hehe
hey Mario do you work today?
Thanks so much! Glad you liked it :P We just got started, so please spread the word to your friends :)
it's whatever bro
I'm thinkin money every moment thinkin money
Thanks for following my twitter Ahmad.
for , every commercial is as good as a superbowl commercial
you were my favorite character this evening!! Congrats on a fab first preview
Apples & Oranges my friend.
Yes. Yes is my answer. And, I was hoping you were writing something scary! (I shoulda said 'brains' instead of 'minds', huh?)
But idc. "Those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind."
Happy Mother's Day!!!
Holy shit I almosst died! :O
Awee they are the cutest little fluff balls! I'm in love lol
Come tweet with us tag your NYC pic
so are you(:
YESS!!!=) I have an Auditions for America's Most Wanted this week=D
A big 6 publisher is interested in DCL #ebook model!!!
wish I was there with you guys too. Soo much.
Good luck to all of the STL Bracket Challenge participants from ! Winner gets a great gift certificate from REDD! Go
Better then your vagina bahahsh RT : Your sex is on fire <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
no worries there, well see to that :D See you soon!
haha, i'm definitely holding you to that. #freeloader lol kidding
the mantra right now has gotta be "don't fuck it up"
thanx for the love, check out MrSelfServe23 on Youtube
My roommate hasn't seen Firefly. This...this is being remedied immediately.
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit. --- Peter Ustinov
Where is marketing going?
awe the good old days !
Stranglehold before the anthem = awesome
#boyfriend is # 1 on itunes! great job!
i didn't think that would go to twitter lol
Who ever thought they would see the day that Tim Tebow went to hell?
Just entered to win giveaway from Blue Cricket Design. I give stuff away all the time but never win!
Carlos Gomez seems to now be injured as well.
Nice! Bring us a W
Lol aiight good bro, everything went well?
I'm so tired if being told be happy with yourself. I AM HAPPY W/MYSELF. Others need to get on board. To me reality is happiness
U IZ SO MEAN LYKE OMG
The dog does not understand the time change. She's ready for dinner, even though she's two hours early. It's going to be a long two hours.
RT : happy B Day!!!!! You got a whole new life to live!! Enjoy it
Orthodontist tomorrow :// not cool.
I let my five-year-old take over all my Draw Something games. Stick figures for all!
yeah bro I gotta leave
very nice daaammm
Yeah, pretty late/early there, no? Deciding between River Plate & Sons of Anarchy season 1. Seen the series?
if I'm louder would you see me? would you lay down in my arms and rescue me cause we are the same you save me when you leave it gone again
#Hoeski chants are still a thing?
You are gorgeous! <U+2665> Ohh! & i love your Marilyn Monroe background:D
Don't miss out tomorrow! Sign up for a mountain bike race and join in the festivities - food trucks, free beer and a great crowd!
Morning world I’m riding around on my side of town wit’ my dubs up and my window down
lol don't mention it
note: next Christmas Album U should sing "Cold Outside" With Beyonce! Awesome~
wait, wtf. this vegan shit is MICROWAVE ONLY? This seems wrong to me. Also, I don't have a microwave and its in plastic. Shit.
your awesome!
May 15th @ 8pm will host it's night of readings @ The Cherry Lane Theatre!! Reservations:
what a great weekend, super excited for this week!
The very essence of #leadership is that you have to have vision. You can't blow an uncertain trumpet. -Theodore M. Hesburgh-#
Can't wait to see everybody out at adairs Tonight! Special thanks for sticking up for old school friendship yesterday!
i followed you =]
We are planning to be busy busy with #SB46 and we've got the booze in-stock to be that way!
and soo u. Can't reply
stop trying to play the victim
that's always me. i think i must have been born sleeping!
RT : Early going in Omaha, 17:12 to go and #Gators with a 4-3 lead on Norfolk St, all of UF's pts from the FT line
Thank you media for regularly pointing out Chen #Guangcheng is blind, otherwise I would have assumed he was some kind of hipster douche.
I love chuck...lots of flavor from the fat!
when there is a good reason to... love...when there is no good reason to... love...when there is no reason needed at all... love...
Happy Friday! Hope you do something fun :-)
Okay, I may as well say it too! The snow was nice today! We got our Christmas tree up and built us a cozy fire.
thats whats up..can u e mail me your# and when r u free to meet?
I'm hyper let's play volleyball - Michael Stallings
Emergence or epiphenomena may be the terms we were searching for to describe the whole being greater than the sum of the parts.
I'll admit that I do have an incredibly large amount of work to do with my house, ha.
Hahahaha I am. stop replying to me go on &finish yer sammich! :p #FatAss ;)jk.
Doctor Who marathon. Please stand by...
Iced Tea
The kid pulled 30 hours of over time.... Lol....
That hotel room getting really boring, huh?
sexy pirates that's a scary thought.
LOL yeah true.
Pretty amazing link, Liz.
Legs: heavy and weak leg
I love 2012. When artists like A$AP Rocky and Lana Del Rey can work with each other and have no shame.
u know it
The day is going good so far!
Wow, beautiful storm out. Nice night to leave the windows open :)
You always know when I'm tweeting about us, don't you?
(: your video is almost done(: please watch it! it took my a while to do this!(;
Interval cardio still kicks my butt to this day! That's how you know you're doing it right!
Who gets the most ladies out of the three of you?
I don't see it. Two current players got suspended. I don't think that kills their whole season. This is a team built on offense.
I like Pie!!!! America needs more pie (more cow bells too). Pie = peace. Pie = happiness
tongue fuck my pussy
RIP Junior Seau...
I can't believe how many teenagers getting frappucinos are ahead of me in line while I wait for actual coffee at the Starbucks downtown.
Congrats Running With Panthers on your sick new 7 inch!! First 50 colored wax come w/ 4-26 show ticket and PBR goodies!
I wonder when #gristedes is going to catch on to this, and how much $ they'll offer you to become their official street blogger
Lets see you back on Twitter full time, what music is happening?
oh by the way that was sarcasim..its my new thing but thanks tho
Sounds like you guys do a good job of connecting. Do you just not care that much about what a band's up to?
Lets go
Ya think?
You can tell when someone's insecure when they're a completely different person on twitter than they are in real life
RT : Sigh..I go to somebody fb page just to laugh at them...jesus please take this ratchetness away from me.--lmao, I do too
Happy Early Birthday! “: starting my birthday weekend off right! going to see and with :)”
“: they are not winning it all.” who's your team??? Oh bulls? Where they at? Oh......
Should Calipari go to the Knicks or stay at UK? If he stays at UK he will achieve God like status..if he already hasn't.
Phone chargers forgotten: 0. Phew.
I hope by the time you come to the USA....you are still a humble harry
If we desire civil discourse, perhaps we should ask people to read not Ayn Rand but Jane Austen.
Vikings to play in Gopher's stadium while new stadium is built. So now two amateur teams will play in the same facility.
R E S P E C T, find out what it means to me! Lmao idk why but I've been singing that all day
lovely view! I was just out there last week, club scene besides 1 spot was garbage though
I've always wanted to visit and it looks like I might get the chance this fall for a PR event. Fingers crossed!
#EVERYONENEEDSAFRIEND so don't
Check out my live feed interview around 8, I'll put up the link in a few
I've got some serious work to do to my stomach before next weekend... This is ridiculous..
Things you don't want your dinner guests to hear at Thanksgiving #5:" I am SO not wearing pants today" Husbands. Sheesh.
#myidol - Elise picked a great song. She's one awesome rock chick. Very cool.
What does David Bowie have to do with Texas history?? :-)
Tired of these antibiotics and being sick :x
Cmon Lexington. You're better than this. It was just Louisville. We are supposed to beat little brother.
f i STOPPED TALKING TO YOU .....don't take it PERSONAL ...I'm GRINDING so that the next time I talk to you u I got some WORTH TALKING BOUT
ticket sale has been moved to this upcoming Friday
Wide awake right now. Could use a Dutch.
i get you :) because we catch up the minute we're together again! i'm gonna miss you SO much! more than anyone else, obviously!
same! My Faves are "96000", "ChestNuts"& "Last Dance". I memorized almost the whole rap for "96000", hehe<U+2665>
“There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.” -Maya Angelou
Now head on over to Old Town ;)
hey long time no talk :) <3
That's great news! (P.S. radio reaches much of the state, not just Portland. Lots more ears.)
The other big reason to watch this morning... a big change is coming in your forecast. #Patrick Hammer
May the Fourth be with you - #StarWarsDay all over Detroit! Things will never say...
Chris breezy is fucking whack
we need a pic of those shoes!! :)
Anyways, taking a break from packing. About to get dress and get ready for downtown.
Both gross but I guess Gatorade.
I heard that show as well. I only have their first fabulous album "Entertainment!" and now want more....
two meetings for separate webseries and events in the next few months.
: me too! And for sure on the feedback, thanks!
Thank you!! Have a great day!!
too cute
And good point on the "too real" look hurting fantasy. The LOTR universe requires an otherworldliness a film look can provide.
totally. oh wait, do you mean me? because then no.
RT : I care to much, I needa stop.
Days like this are great to just enjoy outside and not be in.
blago got screwed now he needs to bring the rest of them down with him starting with Obama started it
lol! To be loved
& I ALWAYS am the first to message back. I thought if this time were different he'd know I won't tolerate being treated badly!
“: I'm glad you guys like my "54 Minutes Of Funk" mixtapes!!! Spread da word!”
#GOP: Property over people. #Dems: People over property. Where is your loyalty? People or property? And what would Jesus say?
Look both ways before you cross the street. Always.
Hey Stephen I know looks can be deceiving but I know I saw a light in you <33
How would you like it if you couldn't marry the person you loved. It's not right! You can't help who you love!!!
i was born to spit this dope
Talking to Tim Allen at 2pm (PST). What should I ask him?
I freaked out big time when followed me imagin following me. You better watch out no telling what I will do
he looks so different now....
Rules for NPR party: no flash photography on solange knowles
Speed Training
Just got back from camp and it was TERRIBLE, just ask your sister. I can't wait 2 go to Camp Fusion next year
do you know what time the greenwood/Whiteland game is?
All Thursday ticket holders will be honored admission on Friday ONLY.
I aint throwing no SUBS
Boom. Birthday.
Gods Little Instruction Book~ If you dont stand up for something then youll fall for anything.
NYC @ Arlene's Grocery tomorrow! If you know those any NYC peeps let them know! Important show for us <3
I get the same amount of attention as a white crayon. Yep.
Brown Sugar is a good movie
I wonder how many black people can actually resite the 10 commandments. ............. Still waiting
Murray for sure...I like Greene after that, but it's close between him and Blount
I'm game - maybe early June?
GOOD GOD!
lmao when? I get no calls !!!
yep don't want to get up at all ;(
I actually might do what i say i will do today lol
Can't zoom out enough on #raceview to see, you know, racing. Please fix
Her Avi Aint Cut At All !
P.S. Go Skins!
Oh yes, but I'd say most. We cry on the West when it barely sprinkles. Still doesn't validate winning experience points tho.
S/O SUM OF THE 412 ARTIST'S
Are you a #cancer patient? Know someone who is? My #book can help w/inspiration & info: Amazon "A Pocket Full of Posies My Life With Cancer"
#DBLsocial Speakers and Engaging Social - 136 peeps signed up for event.
Don't suppose they have any penguins, either. I'm going to TJ's.
Thanks, Megan! We think you're the best.
I would wake up with a sore throat....great
Haha that's cool! Hmm I don't know? :)
Don't be sorry about anything! You rocked that last minute of last night's game :) GO #BULLS!
I have so much building up inside of me that I don't let out. This is gonna eventually end in a bad way.
Is this the same station Erin Davison works for?
ayy my dad is DJ'ing for kirko bangz ;D
What a beautiful day in ! I love my heritage, it's great to be #Danish!
You must visit soon!
NW Cherry Chocolate Shakes are back!
wait I have an issue someone dm'd me I gotta fix this shit!
MINDBOGGLING. and scary.
a fellow TM member just recently passed away anf if you can show some love for there fam
Who's ready for the summer?
Creative really needs to follow through to landing pages to share a cohesive message.
Cam already did it
#RIP day shift
Im a fucking awesome cook!
• Also pitched very well.
I am a garden. fertilize me.
Fuck man I need to sleep.
going to lunch with a random czech man to help him practice his english.
Matt's mom sent me a box of those really expensive teeth whitening strips, which is one of those gifts that makes me say.."Thanks?"
Rewards names tho - but that's changing... RT : The market doesn't necessarily reward the best educational experiences. #eisu…
are you still on ? If so what is your store name ?
hello there! how's your leap day? :)
Let's keep the internet open. Support the
Feelinh lame moment,when nobody gets your joke
Taking off for Atlanta! Can't wait to be back in my favorite part of the country, DC tonight
Guess I finally figured out how to work this Instagram thing. still in hospital, still hoping for the best.
Joey Diamonds Official Sites are.
Aldridge out for the season, will undergo hip surgery. Plans to be back for training camp but does it jeopardize his Olympic shot?
just sent you an email! So sorry for the delay!
Giants continue making power moves right up until the 2012 NFL Draft. They are looking good and the NFC East should be afraid!
This Good Friday is turning out to be great for me =D
No matter how badass you are, when a little kid gives you a Toy Phone and says its for you, You answer that shit.
Thank you for the RT :-) Cool, right?
hey ! happy birthday!
Your asking me to leave...It's my house
Not sure who I feel worse for, my twitter followers or my pinterest followers.
I am pushing to get the book, The Dutch Ship Brederode 1644-1658 reformatted and corrected. I am talking with an ebook publisher.
for x factor or glee project?
www.supertova.com Thank you to everyone in the millitary!!
... To be followed by a screening of their film about a nomadic Tibetan family, Summer Pasture @ 7:00pm.
I'm checking out Pre-Paid Legal. Does anyone know anything about them or how their services? Please let me know if you do.
now watching with
enjoying your presentation at
Ian from ian and the dream just sang at my karaoke show at vintage!
My nightmare on elmstreet collection is finally complete
Hey use your super powers to sell books on Twitter. :-)
Happy Birthday! (Swype offered grout or hippy. Unacceptable birthday wishes.)
All human beings are born speaking the same language and die speaking the same language.
Can you hold more then one disguise in #prototype2?
Really...tell us to enjoy our lives without caleb....enjoy your life with caleb...you dont know how to take care of him you twat.
Only 1 more day to join us in the #paleo #zone #diet challenge! You don't want to miss this. Call us tomorrow 2 sign up!
I just get a text from my boy saying come meet me at the bunny house lmao
Some people need to
Opening Day details should be released soon... Probably Tuesday....
hope u stay forever and ever .. :) keep making us happy .. Kau ang inspiration nmn mga lovebirds hehehhe mwah!mwah!
not their fault the Rangers take forever trying to finsih the deal =(
I'll look forward to it
story of my life.
Michael phelps is the man
is in 4 the Knicks!! Big Blue Nation all over the NBA!!
Speaking of #c4l12 and awesome, I believe the only thing truly missing from this conference is some
Everything I've tweeted the past few days is either from a movie or music. Hmm... I need a day away from everything.
Not gonna lie. Classic rock blows pretty hardcore.
So cool you are already there. I leave early in the morning for #ASTD2012 in #Denver & hope to network with folks from
It's going to be a cold night in New York
Tryin to get fucked up and parents ruin it #Graduated life soon:)
#uwm apparently a light pole fell over... On someone near BOL?
Either a song from one of them, if you like or dig their music!
Neither are my children. They disobeyed me and ate after midnight.. Oh no... I think they are hatching!!
I wonder if Jeff Lurie will ever figure out that the problem is Andy Reid, not player personnel?
"Community colleges are community assets. They understand the needs of local employers." - U.S. Secretary of Labor Hilda Solis
Did anyone get rained on this morning? We had some tropical-esque showers near the Encinitas retreat.
damn it! U win! See u next month bro! Let the party begin!
yay! yes, let's do that :D have a great weekend! love you <3
Thank you Lord for paying the ULTIMATE SACRIFICE 4 us, broken, imperfect people as we r! Your LOVE is immeasurable! I am forever thankful!
What was it?
That's a crappy way to spend part of the day - it goes w/the territory. Mountains win sometime. TLC is good medicine.
Don't do this wide awake bullshit jay.get your are to sleep.
Time Warner cable has by far the most useless customer service ever. 4 phone calls and a failed online attempt with no help in sight.
"A WET PUSSY AND A DRY PURSE NEVER MADE ANY SENSE TO ME!"- My Grandma Mandy !
May the saddest day of your future be no worse than the happiest day of your past. Feeling the Irish spirit today.
Writing thank you cards my hand hurts so much more to write someone should distract me and tweet me haha
“: How long before somebody in the Reds ownership group is arrested for money laundering? #bigcontractssmallcrowds”
Happening Now! RT : LIVE view on NASA TV & http:///www.nasa.gov/ntv of Soyuz landing and touchdown at 10:26pmET!
I am having issues as well with the search!
It's National Peanut Butter & Jelly Day! It's peanut buttuh Jelly time! It's peanut buttuh jelly time! #singit!
What does chez mean
don't go getting pissed at me cuz I'm busy doing my stuff and can't help you with yours.
*they aren't too dressy
Why does it always rain on the weekends?
Email us -> so we may exchange info!
I support you, Mr. President!
What the hell i can't sleep!!!!!
Cornrows - $30+...Quick Weave - $50 Get at me for the lovely looks done by the Diva herself. 214-636-1762 "TEXT FOR APPOINTMENT"
Haha i feel like a giant eating a tree when i eat my broccoli....
Somebody turn the sliders up for the Lakers
“: “: u may wanna clarify that u have no child & that u would like to bring ur nephew lol” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> shutup”LOL
Thoughts on Cave of Forgotten Dreams: You can't just say something is about "beauty and death" and expect people to believe you.
For the next three days, no classes.
Congratulations darlin'! =) Have a happy and safe New Years
Hi(: please clean my screan. Your thumbs are all over me:-)
I just wanna go home and go to sleep and shower and write my 5 essays.
Honestly if it weren't for all the hype, I'd be running out to get pastries and the newspaper.
Enjoyed yesterday's great crowd at the info session for prospective MBA students. Still time to apply for spring, start classes in January!
Chinese food :)
haha before or after you brought me a water into the bathroom? Which incidentally ended up in my front yard <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I know! I can't believe they passed it!
I officially feel TERRIBLE. J has given me his sort throat, swollen glands, stuffy nose, head-achey, feverish funk.
Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.
I need to build a new terrarium or paludarium or any type of tank again. bad. I miss having greenery around home!
Trying to look intimidating in my new avi as to scare away spam bots.
Watching CSI: Crime Scene Investigation with Viggle Mon | 3PM | Spike Get real rewards just for watching TV.
The hunger b
Kinda wish I was paintballing in the morning haven't been since last October
I know a blue eyed angel. You should beware of her.. She stole my heart right in front of my very eyes ¦)
I have decided that it is people that make life interesting. It'd be very dull without them.
Why a 3D model rather than video? Can accommodate tangents in teaching, branch and return flexibly
that would be carving KNIVES although carving KNOVES could be equally dangerous if left in the wrong hand
Noted relationship expert will be on my show this Wednesday 9-11(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
of course! Mason's like a brother to me.
*I* just found it randomly in a google search, and it made my day!! It's on my FB and I've tweeted it here too! I LOVE IT!!
Never mind the ACTUAL assaults occurring IN #OccupyOakland…
Great #Rembrandt exhibit, yes, but let's not forget the Gala Opening Party Fri June 22nd! Last year's theme was "Bella Naughty"
is he as cranky as his online persona?
C'mon Kobe
definitely! Dont know how some people do it! Btw, just RT you again by accident! Sorry :)
One learns people through the heart, not the eyes or the intellect. -Mark Twain
Right back at ya --> " Good mtg with today! I love working with cool peeps"
absolutely beautiful :)))
that was a past event and I was not witness to any of it! I was on the calm bus!
About to wash the whip and grab some grub!
Kids come w their stacks of books labeled w names on them. That makes it faster to sign.
dont get smart that's why you need some more followers lol
too white you wouldn't understand my nigg.
SOL until after third cup of coffee, vision requests after 3rd meeting of the day will be denied due to decision fatigue...
just read that one online, really wanna get down there and take some photos before its all gone.
I swear if I ever met Justin bieber I would literally jump on him & start 2 makeout with him lol justkidding but I would hug him
Having a bad day. :( if only tweeted me.
children shouldn't drink or smoke to make the pain t go away . TRUST your friends and they will help you get though it <3
that makes me want to have breakfast again!
dress and heels I could do, I have killed legs. Makeup is a no go
That's why you should never get out of bed earlier than your normal time!
welcome to Twitter my dude
I heard a rumor.. is it true Ryan and krissie are expecting again?
Hope we are still on for coffee soon!
right. Noted. thx.
At school i never go on twitter
pshaw! I appreciate anything anyone can contribute!
Thanks for the follow :D
#10FactsAboutMe I love to sleep
ICE CREAM SOCIAL!!!
#Maxum deadbolt offers unmatched protection against bumping attacks, picking, drilling, wrenching, kicking, or other physical abuse
kind of robotic and has become part of the modern pop "sound." One day it will sound "dated" like any overused element in pop.
Home from my 1st nite of Bikram Yoga. If what is most difficult to achieve stays with me the longest, this practice will be with me forever.
...cool bones - almost expected to see a skateboard under its feet...
writing rough drafts for yearbook posts
Giving this a try...maybe i need to read the directions first. Twitter, can you hear me now?
I am the next biggest thing watch as i create music like you never knew it. Follow me at my twitter and see what happens as I make it.
miss u babycakes
Is it dinner time yet?!
Tickets now available at rocderby.com for Global Harming, July 10th doubleheader!
what made you want implants if you were already a perky C? Just curious, luv u!
“: Looks like he's been crippled in a freak car accident...”
almost at 2500!
Thursday a.m.: grading. Thursday p.m.: dentist.
Lakers/Nuggets tonight; has all the makings for a classic. I'm pumped.
Excited to try some bites from #ElCentro #Teranga #Stella at #TOSE12 tonight!
All of the recent news aside... RIP Joe Paterno. Thank you for all that you have done for the sport of Football.
and got spun out like a mofo
Kelly clarkson got some lungs on her. Almost put me in tears.
Distract me from reality, kind soul.
Trying to catch up on MobWives and I keep falling asleep. This season is LAME
if life throws lemons at you.... They better be pink:) justsaying night
Hello & WELCOME! :) RT up early for rutgers orientation. idk why I'm nervous. however, I will despise the commute. wish me luck!
“I will stay in jail to the end of my days before I make a butchery of my conscience.” <U+2015> John Bunyan
sounds like some late night porno on cable " yu just turned in with mmh goes both ways jessie, caller ur on the air." Lmfao
Photoshop CS3 was released as a public beta, if I recall correctly.
Wow! We love that you <3 Naz so much ... best of luck to you!
I Love you Austie <U+2665> Hope you had a great Monday :)
thx miss C .... You rock
if someone got shot down the road you should re enact it on
TY! That will be a perfect summer activity. Depending on his schedule most days/times should work for me :)
yeh too bad so sad lol
I can't wait!
not at all.
Simon Cowell wants A LIST MUSIC STARS as Judges, not Chaka Kahn, Wynonna Judd, who Z LIST MUSIC STARS.
One day I truly will be able to sleep in just not today...Eveyone have a wonderfully blessed time in this day that the Lord has made.
Just got #instagram. Follow me: lovecourtneyoxo
Just started researching this! > I'm excited and terrified to hear what you find out.
Holy hell what a great day today, landed an internship, got federal work study, and graduate in December. Taking on the world! :)
I had a great time performing and STRUTing my stuff in the 512! Thanks to MKV Productions for having me. It was a blast!!!
was great meeting you both at ECGC :) Been pushin' Bust-A-Marble to a ton of ppl since then :D my gf is playing it right now.
oh my god i had no idea! we're even more meant for each other than i thought
The Balloon Museum hosts Balloon Explorium every day during Balloon Fiesta. Bring the kids by to enjoy some balloon fun!
#RiseNGrind Blessed to See Another Day! God is Good.
Kay i think i might be in danger of throwing up
(This urban renewal digression brought to you thanks to )
Another day...another local murder suicide..at least kids weren't involved.. glass half full kind of day I guess.
I was actually pretty good!(: ill be home in like 20.
Welcome to Twitter! Would love if you came to our favorite Old Style Bar and had a beer with us... Go Cubs!
Do you have a dream? Stand up and go after it, I mean NOW!!!!!!
ME. It's so good to hear your voice!
Yep: we WILL be having our corporate webinar-conference tonight. Usual time: 10 pm EST at www.lywlive.com. Christopher / 602.573.4157
first dance class starts at 12:30.. last one for the MYACT dance elite team starts at 3:30! gonna be a long day..
awh thank you =) you have a nice day too
#LIKE RTG on Facebook for news, contests and of course insider announcements about on September 15....
watching Dexter on Boxee
I got u
Lol awww that's nice he knows you & Montell are my friends you good:-)
Thanks so much for the follow!
Great picture, Michael! How is your day shaping up?
*looks around in kitchen* are they all gone? *looks out window to check yard*
Back to work<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
To upgrade to an iPhone or another BB? I cannot decide!
followed:) follow meback?
seen in #CartergateNewark: child on parent's lap, front seat of car, no seatbelts for anybody; plus it's pedestrianised area.
#5bestsmells Lilacs, freshly mown grass, leather jackets, French toast, cologne (on the right man).
Profile pictures giving the middle-fingers...
Aww :D really that's so nice of you.
Ascap/ party!! Bringin home 18 awards...black keys playing tonight...shhh that's a secret
preach about that vitaminwater
I'd like to ask for prayers from my followers. We just found out my son has a large hole in his heart and needs an operation next year.
I love you baby more than anything u make my family complete!!!!
I wanna watch safehouseeee
No David Garrard? what is the world coming to? Why? We, here at the shop, think that this was a bad move.
it's crazy how friends can become strangers
RT - Go D-backs! have a powwow with those Indians, and sock it to 'em! (Cleveland Indians that is!)
Thanks to all who attended today's concert despite chilly, pouring rain! We loved singing for you all & meeting you at the party afterward!
yo quit stealing my tweets
Romney: "Americans are tired of being tired." Miller: "Who writes this poop?"
RT : Do a search on #whirlwind & check out the tweets.Tweet the same thing yourself & you may win a $50 gift card.
thanks for the follow :)
....I'm eating pizza
Better. RT : If you don't generate PROFIT, you don't have a business either :-)
Wow today was overwhelming for me ...i really need to take care of my self if i want to be around 4 mylitlegirifeeldoasiambeingdrainbyothers
"Gtr Aerobics and the Poetry of Technique" my method book must get written! aiming for universal theory =tech. + theory+ ear train.
There u go loll!!
luck w the Green Thumbing
Call her the titanic, the way she goin down
Physically, or professionally? I suppose the answer to either is yes. ;)
Bruno's sisters/ Ryan accept on fb? That would be so awesome :D
Excited to be the volunteer on 's #Anacostia Riverwalk #BTDC tour this afternoon!
Eating Tuna on toast and watching Bill & Ted's. Yea, it's a great day.
haha. that would be MY parents.
": I am. RT Who else is a #SaturdayLibrarian tomorrow?"me too # :) no rush hour!
Yes! We will have to discuss it....hope you're having a great day.
me and the kid i reaaalllly like are going to date, and he said we would be cute. i almost cried.
sometimes it's the only choice
We only count one entry per person (one additional entry if you provide cell #). Thanks.
According to saint index, casino developers and large retail developers among most hated community projects
Can't wait for the future of :) so proud of him<21
Kinda down.lot of good things happening, but my personal life is in the crapper. Headed to gym today to workout. Maybe that will help.
Its a mighty strange thing to organize the who is who in Econ, finance and business titans to? To do what? Silly Bilderberg Goose.
straightening my hair then watching #RAW :)
i got dibs recording a guitar part ;)
Did you know...you can win Doc Chey's / Osteria gift cards at 's Monday Night Trivia? 8pm tonight!
Mayor Gray: “Make no mistake: there is far more that brings us together than there is that drives us apart.”
only the best band EVER!
WAS WRONG? D:
Up on this late night thinking bout shit...hungry too so subway it is!
Exciting partnerships happening with Opus Beauty, In 2une Music, and All Celebrity Travel! Stay tuned!
In mediation this morning. I think we are finally getting somewhere: one has admitted she thinks the other is a "meanie head."
Oh. Now it stopped. Hmph.
bouta go to sleep den wake up at 5 in the mornin. good night twitter.
In case people want to change, they will. In case they don't wish to, it is hard to make them do so.
"Emotions will destroy you if you let them make decisions for you."
Windsor is clean and locked up. Keys at Olivia St. Just inside kitchen door.
We've got two tix to give away for tomorrow's WI #Beer Lovers Festival in ! Pick up onsite..tweet us why you should win!
Tonight's Drink Special: Boozey Hot Apple Cider $6
It b crazy how u could say shit on the net...and 10 different people n 10 situations take it like u was talkin to them...I guess so then
The useless things we do with money...shame.
I love when I see Britney trending on twitter..yup it's a good day!:)
hahahaha yea bitch!
when are you guys going to support at&t locked iphone?
Andrew Luck just needs to walk on stage before Goodell, and say "I'm the No. 1 overall pick, GET ME PAID BITCH"
You got it! LMAO
Thanks for the yums and the laughs at Leon's and
The PA mic will be silent for tonight's game in honor of Carl Beane, who passed Wednesday.
Chatting with audiology students online
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit
Skipping lunch is never a good idea! We have delicious & nutritious lunch choices! Try our Tuna Melt-Down Gourmet Panini!
DC: Early voting starts today. Cast your vote for the candidate of your choice; VINCE GRAY! KWAME BROWN! 441 G ST NW, DC 8AM-7PM....
Why is it that on Facebook all people do is TBH or Truth Is. Or Post a picture of someone with a disease. I mean its sorry but. Idc
How we are thinking about our game will determine the out come. So my question to you is how are you thinking about your game
Heck naw. lol. But Im headed to the library though in about an hour to start something. You been able to get stuff done this week?
": If you had no limits of time and money, what would you do/create?"
hahah twitter trashing love it
And....it's official. Going HOME to Boston for Memorial Day Weekend. Friends, beach, BBQ, liquor....this is gonna be epic.
The skill it takes to produce a sentence...is also the skill of creating a world. -Stanley Fish
Just made some cooling lemonade with fresh lemons and stevia. Sweet, really healthy, high in vitamin C and perfect for this hot weather.
Yup. but the choir is tight tho. Lol
Thanks Elizabeth!
Sittin on a backporch in Brooklyn. Whisky is good... and bad, right??
Pete, you should write this! There's plenty of fodder.
The first SATC movie was so good. I wish they never made the second one.
Mines next week....
RT But know what? The people make ANY place. Houston has really good peeps that make mosquitoes & heat worthwhile #HIWI [WORD]
Wayne County Sheriff's searching Sodus Bay for George H Heinz I, 21, missing since Monday
This is shit. Get it moving blues this is QPR my god.
Producers & advertisers will try to make you think you really need their product, infact you don't.
#NewRulesofCivility 81. Wash your hands before eating, and do not rest your elbows on the table.
getting a good chuckle out of those who still see Twitter as useless and self-indulgent. such a powerful tool if you want it to be!
I had to go home 1st & then I made the mistake of lying down. Are you guys doing something after?
- "self-help" books < SELF-HELP by Lorrie Moore.
Hostess at mermaid inn seated three walk-in doubles before me then said I'd have to wait for a table. Fu mermaid. Lost me as a customer
yesterday was alright i guess
love the new icons
Love your life and life will love you back<U+2665>.
very excited to be a judge tonight! RT : Tonight 8pm #collegekidsgonefunny finals w/
Hats off to for his MC, moderator, people herding, & piano-playing skills at #get2012 !!
Thanks to #thesimpsons for the not-so-subtle reference to #wargames by having Protovision exhibit at the electronics expo in 2nt's episode
Good luck
sounds good :)
Just as seeing the never gets old, opening a new book & reading fills me with pride.
There is no surprise more magical than the surprise of being loved: It is God's finger on man's shoulder
My major prof honored<U+27A4>RT Congrats recognized by All America Football Foundation for FAR work. Gotta see the tux!
#bulls game vs. #nuggets should be great tonight
>>>> this some Bass Music Club Shake Your Ass Shit!!!
LOVE the new twit pic! Think about Superbowl Vegas beauty! Xo! ;)
"I imagine a world in which __________."
Doing some HDR timelapse tests. We'll see how they come out.
Fabric of society RT Fabric of time, heart on sleeve - what are other metaphors that involve lives and textiles?
I can make that happen. I have a few bottles left.
I hear you! Good luck and keep kicking a$$.
Eating home made ice cream(: beating up haha
he's not hahah
It is with great sadness that I accept your preemptive resignation. You were a worthy opponent.
he got hacked
CD Release show @ Rex Theater, Pittsburgh PA on July 2nd! Be there! ITs gonna be the best show yet!
OKAY THAT'S AWESOME. I'LL SEE YOU IN SCHOOL. BYE ZAYN!
Mediation Prep Seminar thru #PBCJA was outstanding. Thanks to Vince Leonard of and others for their time and expertise.
Fire ineffective teachers and support the great ones. Why in education do we expect the best, but accept mediocrity?
Definitely! :D
One month til I see Shawn! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2764>
text me!!
I am comtemplating staying up all night and then coming home and sleeping when I get off work. Because I really cant sleep.
MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALL....HAVE A GREAT ONE!!!
i went a lil left and forgot to mention the unachievable goals of people..
Foto shoot for major NY magazine. I am lucky girl!
so long my friend. Til next year of course<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Anyone having trouble getting on D3 still?
The Black Pine - Let Go
But I'm thirsty !
if #buffalo had an #NBA team would you follow them, and the NBA? I think I would
RT : Paul Glen and Maria McManus were excellent presenters. Great way to end the conference!
Woke up with pain in every part of my body.. At least it's Friday, TGIF!
Checkout the Shin Do Kumate & Muay Thai event for Feb 27th at www.shindokumate.com
Ain't - no - lie. Baby, bye-bye-bye. RT " darrin's dance grooves"
exactly. I just don't get it
And/or a SS teacher's memoir! RT : "The DBQ of Life"--sounds like a good end of the year project-kid created!
Thanks for the RT
Exactly. But it'd be irresponsible to put him back in
we plan to be at this year ! Everyone go follow them, and show love !
Aww why's that?
Things turn out the best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
Your blog is the best I've read in a great while, sir! Just absolutely wonderful...
Walked into work this morning and was greeted by 1) the most adorable dog ever, and 2) a brand new, beautiful work computer
Listening to in the car. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Thanks! RT btw: great bio, Carolyn: "I am not a maven, an expert, or a guru. "
wait...did I just read what I think I read?!
You won't find serenity as you spin around on this planet, without forgiveness in ur heart. (That doesn't mean u shouldn't defend yourself).
excellent talk by Gorno-Tempini on PPA @ UCLA. PPAs are helping us understand lang networks in ways that are different from CVAs
How are your studies going?
everybody's lookin 4 the ladder
inever got to write on it
that would be awesome!
#HowAboutWe get this fire going.
Long day at a press check but excited to see this come to fruition!
Do the John Wall - Troop 41!
plz follow me and send me ur email. I'd love to connect!
wheres ur track for the 's video contest
Rush Hour 2 <U+E412>
The Group Travel Leader is doing a State Spotlight on #Iowa in our April issue!
ha I'll keep my head up then and try to take it easy on the
She never shuts the fuck up! I swear, just let me do me you do you. You say you don't care bout me well show it. stop worrying bout me.
Try it! Thats where its at. Everybody can't pull it off though gotta have that era
My time to crash,it was fun,hope we can do it again...I'm going to dream tonight.....LOL
#Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making. Sweet YA quest tale, maybe not as extraordinary as the reviews
Going to listen to Sky Blue Sky presented by the wonderful for the second night in a row. Great sleep album.
how are you today?(:
when i was young/foolish, i probably visited 100k, maybe. but never even close on aero bars. i like downhills but not that much.
Before everyone passes out or get's drunk, I wanted to say thanks to all of you guys who follow me, this year was a lot of fun with you guys
Holy crap austin looks so different now.
Check out Diversepopgroup Video Single For Sure and vote for it!
Re: MD MARRIAGE EQUALITY- driving to Annapolis w a buddy, if anyone else wants to car pool w/us to see this history changing moment, txt me.
nice. thx man! i think im gonna buy A #SWIVL. Thanks man!
I bet all the money that I will ever make that Ice and Coco will break up .
How you gon' #win when you ain't right within?
And that is the beauty of a good trade: I think I have it best. :)
Dark lord day tickets on stubhub for $250. What a huge bummer.
You can't talk basketball until you commit to a team
hahaha sorry we are weak when it comes to follow backs! see you on friday at the masq w/ cartel?
Hello to all the new followers!! Help us spread the word about our new twitter, FB, and 4Square pages!
I think we should vote for the most negative person to do one for
": Taking my shorty on a date.">Now thats a Good Mommy... We need more #Motherslikeyou :-)
#2BeHonest I'm in love with a boy in my class....
We did everything backwards, you and I.
good afternoon ma
I'm such a bone head!
can. Misread.. freakin wiki answers. "top answer" my ahh
Cabin in the Woods... #this late
The blonde ballroom with the infectious smile can DANCE! Mamma mia that was good. Woot!
I just irked & sad
Politics thrives on conflict, where there must be winners and losers. Pro-love is politically incorrect.
Awww it's ok! That's so weird! I'll see you all next weekend for sure :)
all he does is fill in and yell how smart he is and how dumb we are. That makes for some great radio
Not a very insightful reply.
LaHair is also hitting HRs on 36.8 % of his flyballs in play this year, which I think is pretty good if I'm doing this right...
everyone please pray for Kyra's family. no parents should have to bury their child, especially this young.
How did I just find out that was in the #Avengers movie?
Ive never been this hungry before
they weren't allowed to before? i'm surprised a married couple would be on a deployment together. didn't know that happened
Seriously? Airships in the next Three Musketeer movie? Hollywood, check your fan base before you do something stupid.
Steve Schmidt talking Schmidt about how bush will be viewed as a positive for
lol aye i feel u on that one
Samsung unveils the Galaxy S I
The speed we get with is amazing. Never going back to DSL or whatever ATT has.
Thank you to everyone who attended the Great Person's Ball Sunday.
DoDo you ever think about where u'll b n a year Who u'll be talkin to and what and who you'll be doing? #shitscrazy #justsaying»
Good to meet you! Thanks for the follow, hope youore having a great weekend!
I wish I had the power to ignore you the way you ignore me, the problem is i think about you too much.
Obesity on the rise… come run one of our 5 events - a distance for everyone!
And she's so much luckier to be named Azauria... *snicker*
What is the bbq, song?
Why is it that "to do" lists grow exponentially, like bacteria? I have yet to meet a "to do" list that didn't double itself within 2 hours.
Just landed back in vegas. Thank God for all you do n have done!
Be official. If you're open anyway, why not. It's so easy. At my lib, we had 2 people come every week.
My friend is new to twitter...please follow him lets show him some twitter love
Been a Packer Fan ALL my life, will save a spot just for you just in case !!!
Kyle who? RT : I was trying to root Kyle out of hiding.
let me know where your ready
I drink perrier
MT : Want to help others? big radiothon! Call 1-877-719-KIDS (5437). All money goes to help sick kids.
Now giving you BELLY REWARDS for pampering yourself!
ReadAloud at Thompson Library today, 3-4pm, room 202. Trifles from Tin Pan Alley. Sean Ferguson reads lyrics by Ira Gershwin, Cole Porter
I have a bad addiction to pizza
"There's a simple formula for success: refuse to accept failure." Damn... why didn't I think of that? So simple. So easy.
Please feel free to add any names from my list - we're in Brooklyn also, Brooklyn Heights, feel free to stop by!
I LOVE this story it's so adorable!!:) Can't wait for the next chapter!!:)
thanks for the RT! you rock!
"City Hall has decided that poverty must be punished with hunger." Burk
“Education is our passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to the people who prepare for it today.”
You know and everybody will be like... Why.. why you so different like why yo shit so different.. hah.. and I'm like why not.. "nigga".
Juggernaut will wave on a hoe with no doe in the club/shit u shouldn't be in the club if u ain't got a DUB
U don't like beating up on . He should be tossed out of the WH on his A$$ for turning USA into Nanny State. SAD 4 U!
We wish all #veterans a #HappyVeteransDay. Thank you for serving our country!
Talking to Courtney. Gosh i love this chick!:D
I was just waching some youtube vids of justine and jasmine omg!!!! Weres that old with his perfect hair and big heart!
Tried to go from the pool to the buffet and the Wynn security told me I gotta put my pants back on.
I have rounded up 6 cords and counting of free firewood from neighbors and trees on side of or blocking roads.
In in Chicago on the way to NYC - I've got a 3 hr layover and it looks like my next flight is delayed, what're you Chicagoans up to?
spring has the best weather
#MIS7557 Mashup #1 I would like: reply to my tweet with a relevant question answered on LinkedIn
Thank you to and hageman and Gail DeGagne for their support of Muffler Men!!!
can we get a reciever please?
Tryn to smoke a blizzzy drink 4-5 brews at the dockside and watch the #Celtics close it out
So..this is it?
how would beans feel about that
1:30 AM Spending time emailing with my young model friend from up north....I really need more guy friends...someday...lol...lol...
It's a waterproof/drop proof case for iPhones..... Hope this helps! have a great night!
yep, its there
looking forward to Il Barbiere di Siviglia tonight ! Good to be in NY....
What is going on Twitter today with the trending topics - did 4chan storm the site or what? PS: So sad about Steph Curry's ankle.
"Brenda, I love that you think" -Dylan McKay
What about Thursday night?
. Hey Scotty . You coming back to Mass again anytime soon ? I saw you at that Top Rope show . Great match !!
Really going to miss Easter...especially since that means no more creme eggs until 2013...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Thinking that I could use more fresh flowers around the house
"It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly. Do not mistake activity for achievement."
This Thursday, AMST and GIGH present “Why the US Moved to the Right in the 1970s: A Conversation with Rick Perlstein” @ 2pm in ICC 662
At the #140Cuse Conference!
You guys are so creative! :)
Babe is not here yet but I'm killing this Ben & Jerry's!!
"You've got to jump off cliffs all the time and build your wings on the way down."— Ray Bradbury: American author - great quote 4 today esp.
thank you!
nope. I mite
Good morning loves!!!!!!
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it. Buddha
Thanks for the kind words!
honestly San Andreas was my favorite I beat that ish so many times now my game freezes haha
Yeah, me too! He's doing a great job under the rim this year! My favorite is Dion Waiters.
Only 1 booking left Oct 15th. Mark your Calendars 4 this Event Passion Parties by Treco @ Sweet Tooth Desert Bar- Atlanta, GA. Dec. 2, 2011
RT : These cookies better not give me the shits *made me actually lol*
I got new album yesterday. Been on repeat ever since!
Bill are you coming to the game at Kiski School today? 3 pm tip.
Now playing: Back to This by The Helio Sequence
Amen. RT : I hate couple facebooks!
Wow can't believe Phoenix is on the brink of eliminating Nashville! Really don't want to see the NHL owned Coyotes go any farther...
I swear Pacer fans getting unfollowed tonight... Oh wait I don't know any Pacer fans
Never been to Durham have you?
What else is new? RT : still stinky at tooting - northern misery not stopping
<3 no problem
yeah! It's dumb. They all have their little groups and then I'm just like well...
Have you seen our other party rental company? www.kidzonepartyrentals.com
New promotions coming soon!
yes, he be snapping
Steak tartare at the Ringside Fish House, blood orange margarita at Oba two great things in this city.
RT : . takes a break from the set to promote We snapped this behind-the-scenes shot:...
LOL. I'm guessing there's money to be made.
all the teaching us history news that s fit to tweet. Right here
Come on #networkTV, grow some balls! Use the B word or don't use the B word, just stop using B! It's not the same as Bitch!
Please be at the line at the NE corner of LSP by 4:00 to pick up your tickets. Bring ID. Get a member card in line if you lack 1
Trying to figure out how to eat snap pees is the equivalent of trying to figure out how to turn rocks into mashed potatos.... Ridiculous!
#YouKnowTheresAProblem When your dorm room bed feels like heaven.
Don't miss talking with the guys over at Primetime tonight at 5:30pm PT.
You bet! Enjoy the show. They will be at will call, but you know the drill.
nothing wrong with chocolate for lunch, or dinner or snack...
Every weekend I look forward to reading 's Sunday notes column. One of the best out there.
Okay let me know when your in town.
I find the S3 soundtrack is perfect for when you're in the mood to drop your ship into the atmosphere and jump out.
my Friday is tomorrow too!!! <U+E312>
By definition a bubble leads to malinvestment, so if we're in one, it does matter.
Follow myjob!! An amazing accessory boutique! You will find nothing like it! :)
Things are going GOOD !
If #Love (God) speaks something 2 u, then it IS what it IS..... Your only obligation is 2 keep ur #faith. Don't make it any harder 4 urself
Lol my mom likes to make my dog mad
Lenovo Continues to Speed Up PC Boot, Start Times with Enhanced Experience 3 - MarketWatch (press release)
“: Kanye West actually seems like a nice guy.” hey now...
Quote of the day by Horizon’s Jeffrey Michael, “We’re a sue first, ask questions later kind of an organization”. Huh?
Morning Dave! What are you and Austin up to today?? :)
If you're not willing to pay the price for your goals and dreams, then you will pay the price for mediocrity
OH @ work, "I'm lactose intolerant & getting on a red-eye flight so I'll be asleep & that STILL didn't stop me from having ice cream cake!"
Incredible effort by everyone today in the eating contest and had to go into a three person 2 min overtime! Jack squeezed out a win by 2 pcs
how lovely, Rachel. I'm totally honoured to be on your list with such great women - including my hero, SdB!
Cheers to cast at Bohemian Beer Garden! Come join us.
I will do that, movie do the books justice? Thanks, tragedy and I just pray he makes it through okay. How's your week?
What are you doing today as a result of #EdCampColumbus? What was your Monday takeaway?
RT : I may go eyeliner 4 my nxt management mtg. Eyeliner could B the power tie of ths decade. Or the next pink slip.
And thank you for hosting the forum today for the #ArtPlace Vibrancy Indicators. Loved the exchange. Staff notes already exhanged.
Intrigued by basketball movie, that's a film I've got to figure out how to get an audition for lol.
St. Patrick's day, we try & be Irish for the day by drinking, what do they do in Ireland this day? Go to Church... shouldn't we follow suit!
"Want to go out?" "I have a boyfriend" "I have a math test tomorrow" "And?" "Oh, I thought we were naming things we could cheat on."
time to look there then! lol
silver Duncans Spurs are in town.. Go Spurs go
If you love something, let it go. If it comes back, it was meant to be. If it does not, hunt it down & kill it....
MOM ALWAYS SAID if you don't want to wake up alive in your grave regretting and crying don't sleep with anybody's husband or wife.
Sounds like it's based on the BBC show - in which a real life millionaire surprises people in need?
It's 1020 and I need a drink. #signsits timetorethinkmyjob
Everyone made me laugh today. Great day!
Moebius has passed away. His work was a big influence on me as a young wanna-be artist.
TY and the same to you! Trying to get down !
You know, good freaking out. :)
#ImSexyAndIKnowIt cuz your girl told me
thanks for checking it out!!!
thank you for the tweet! It was a great lecture!
Good night! Gunna b up in like 5 hours for a full day of studying! !!
Due to HIPPA laws, shouldn't rescue vehicles remove lights, sirens and reflective tape, so neighbors aren't privy to your medical emergency?
your not by yourself
Beautiful Sister, do you see yourself the way God sees you?
#IDidntTextYouBack because you're asking fifty questions that has NOTHING to do with me, you, or what we're talking about.
RT Had an amazing workout! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> >> 4 words that go together so well!! yeah 4 KIM
Decisions made out of fear can make a bad situation deadly. Don't argue or fight w the police. Let ur lawyer point it out later!
“Life is the dancer and you are the dance.” <U+2015> Eckhart Tolle
i'm tweeting from the orthodontist chair ;)
got home. let's text?
We are asking all suppoters to wear a plain white T-shirt.
REMINDER, Today only!!20% OFF your purchase of: meat, grocery, produce and pastries...come in and shop at one of our 3 locations
you got some rum in that coke
Who's idea was it to give 100 youth campers PorkNBeans for dinner?
that's hilarious!
Love it up there. My parents live on the NY side of Lake Champlain. Enjoy
shut up. I win
I am so proud and happy for and you guys chase your dreams. Your going to be big one day Inshallah<U+2665>
um, Yuck...im a vegetarian now
bfhebghegbevfalqbvfbtgwibvwubtwpmbnbgwjibgnkwenfdsnfbfndsnbfdkbgk i love u so much that im baffled <3
If I can't afford I buy used or borrow from library
Thanks. Hope you were able to enjoy the sun!
Get on Badgercare and get it treated RT : Somehow I got a zit on my shoulder? Fuckin', Scott Walker!!
Wow...you have many cats. So happy! At least you know where it is, but i don't know. -_-
In my pjs. Waiting for Nyla to get out of school so I can finish my hair.
I've lost five pounds.
Why does Canada keep all the Coffee Crisps for themselves? DAMN YOU, NORTHERN ARCTIC BRETHREN!
Chris Kreider penalty.
you have had helped tremendously in the lives of teens!Thank u 4 ur dedication! Check out www.thecn.con & c if it can help!
Interesting news! MT : uploads at #FTDNA in next 4-6 weeks for ~$50 (via Bennett Greenspan)
I got something for you I found! You are going to trip out when I get it to you!
It's game time! Go VCU! :)
I'm a paralegal. Don't you work at Target? You hate your job don't you? Yeah that's what I thought. What are you doin with your life?-My Mom
you better!
Soccer - tickets for US Men's Soccer games in Florida go on sale March 1 !!
I love how everyone in 's house runs and hides when there's a knock at the door.
Wanted like Minded Folks that Wants More for yourself,And family! :-)
That awkward moment when you think someone was waving at you, so you wave back, then play it off like you were just scratchng your head.
Ahahah i hope prays for mahomies in North Carolina because there is one coming my way :(
Goodbye G-Rap. Love your style, love your smile.
Jump then Fall
follow me back? :)
happy birthday!
Hi Genevieve :) Thanks for finding me and for the follow :)
amazing job on the show #OutlawEmpires!! Can't wait for #SOA to start again!!
Oh yeah...SUMMER JAM IS BACK! JULY/21/CONSOL ENERGY CENTER! HMU FOR DETAILS!!!
well if we're bringing parents into this then I just know your mom would love to know of your 420 activities :P
MT : "This is My Jam": Brilliant idea, needs _way_ more music choices. Took me seven tries. Mind you, Mingus = always good.
success is what you put into your own future. Don't thank me yet, were almost there.......
Halftime here D B Milne Field.... 11. Fresno St 0!!!
alright sounds good
But when I get you to myself you know what's going down
ah C: its so cute;P
what about me asshole
Another update, "they are changing our motor. To give you a timeframe, well I can't do that". Thanks
Just made it into San Antonio! Speech for #GFOA at 8:30 a.m.
Wake and bake. :)
Sometimes you have to give up on people. Not because you don't care, but because they don't.
I go by the motto of "do one thing a day that scares you" - posting the blog with my progression pics and numbers scared the crap out of me
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "SHIPWRECK" to the bartender and your first drink is free. Mahalo
Although this is a day of great celebration WI did lose 2 great Senators. Thank you Senators Kapanke & Hopper for standing up for my future!
this entire story is really incredible
It Worked! Thanks!(:
that and blue streak I love that movie
I'm wide awake.
Shep's taking your calls on the Lions draft. Lots of love for Ryan Broyles over the weekend. Thumbs up or Thumbs down? 248.848.1130.
": Wow then you look good probably than your age." Ty O<U+0361><U+0334><U+0334>.<U+032E>O<U+0361><U+0334><U+0334><U+0334>
Thanks Zuzanna! Much appreciated!
Elise and Eddy will be the death of me!
She would be in the gym with me.
Before Wednesday is over, Welcome:
Just finished watching my favorite series of movies...Pirates of the Caribbean. You gotta love Jack Sparrow.
Congrats on then new job. You will have to visit us sometime. You can just stop on your way up to Pop!
The Jayhawks may have lost last night, but they had a better season than was predicted. What moment of this season was your favorite?
listening to dreamchaser 2 every track is the same song lol meek mill aint as good as you think until he puts that talent to use.
We need 70 more followers to get to 200!!(: and make sure you also follow .. They follow back!!:D
Autumn = awesome! Pumpkin Painting n' fresh-popped corn today. 4-8 pm in the Village.
May you taste the sweetest pleasures that fortune ere bestowed, and may all your friends remember all the favors you are owed. -Irish toast
Thank You Beth! You Rock!!
You can dm now man . I cant dm you my twitter is trippin
Why do conservative conferences always involve cruise to Caribbean? Sounds like Elder Hostel tour. Give me Buenos Aires or Fez.
Whaahoo! Great mood
Thanks Charter. Freaking biggest baseball series of the year and your HD digital feed in Wausau is crap.
If I never went on twitter Matt Kemp never would have hit that home run.
Not yet. Miami hols first! :-) Heather and Seth are organizing good-bye bash for me on the 20th I think. Will you be around?
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I miss my ex boyfriend
slice of lemon, cover it in angostura burgers. Bite into it and leave for 10 seconds. Trust me, works every time.
Congrats. It was awesome to see one of my favorite shows win.
Idk what to do with myself
So is following me now... That's it. That's the joke. I'll do better next time.
girl what da hell u going thru?
finally **flips hair** sumone understands me **flips hair nd rolls eyes**
what happen to in philippines
thought you were just on the production side of things...
you want to come in and workout at jis tomorrow?
Hahaha be sneaky like a ninja!!!
You are as real as your hair extensions.
u stay doin that anyway
#PXYSJ: & far. Another superstar announcement with tomorrow!
Although ONCE UPON A TIME was never bad, I had sorta grown tired of the show. Now is the time to give it a second look before Fall.
remember when you used to tweet fans
Hey, your momma is a porpoise! ABC News talking about dolphin bullies.
Oh, shit! Proof that I'm an O.G. hipster.
Such awesome news :) This one will be in this history books.
“: Not putting a case on your iPhone #YOLO”
it was good! :)
I have a necklace of the face symbol it's so badass!
Time to march!
smh I'm saying tho they heard all of it too. dude workin pissed I bet he really thought he was whispering lol
glad your pic wasn't from inside that hole!
i don,t hate italy but i was not born there my mom and dad was born there
thanks for hanging with me.
What day are you moving?(:
merry christmas <U+2665> Night
GIRLS:If you think your the best,hottest,prettiest wel then i think your UGLY. What makes a girl beautiful? A beautiful heart
if you ever come to my job you would think its a all girls school they dont do nothing but bitch and fuss all day
LOVE! Happy Friday!
#jeandujardin killing it on the red carpet!
Feels like the Badgers really hit a new gear yesterday. Hope the Pack can do the same today!
Get out there and get moving!
May 22nd "SCR" Will Be Performing Live at Kennywood Park @ 1pm! So Come Down and Enjoy Great Rides & Good Music !
burger achieved at Off Site Kitchen, good luck with your burger journey :)
the things we do. It's just crazy. This is why we're bestfriends. (: Love you. <3
its fine. I feel so bad for her!!:((
I just saw it... very cool my friend. I like the 2 guitars! :o)
Was able to get Row L for Dream Theater after trying a different card. Black Clouds and Silver Linings today...
what about that one from Jekyll and Hyde?
At the end of the first half in Philly its Mammoth 10 - Wings 7.
THAT WAS A NASTY DUNK!
starring Ryan gosling?
when will you be back?!?
because, I love ME
First Day And Last On The Job As Ad Copy Writer: “New Irish Spring…Like A Swift Kick In The Balls.”
Future got them hooks 2chainz got them verses they should collab RT : Future or 2chainz? Who's better and why?
please pittsford close your schools...I don't wanna go to dance tonight
#JustRememberThat I would've waited for you, your little 16 year old floosy won't.
What did Soulja Boy really tell em?
Morning...I passed my portfolio I am gonna graduate
Wish I was there to enjoy the day with you, Doc! Hope you hit them well!
yes, dear, it is. I should finish around 5 your time
Maybe they were doing a practice run to make sure all Super Bowl planning activities go smoothly next week.
Im prolly the only one pullin for the Spurs lol.
It feels good outside.
wow jamelle they are REALLY coming out of the woodwork; so frustrating but also so revealing.
I enjoyed having at the Congressional Forum. Great down-to-earth guy! 2 bad he's a Dem LOL.
FDR's "S.O.B." was Anastasio Somoza García of Nicaragua who ruled from 1936 until his assassination in 1956.
Done. See, Twitter is bringing people together! :)
Ai shite imasu (Japanese) I love you
“: Hey have you ever noticed the word bed looks like a bed!?” first hunter will fuck your bitch. Then educate her.
Dear uk haters, we are super man and you are kryptonit. You try to bring us down but yall never succeed.
Stead of a murderer of lil' darlins, how 'bout maker of elegant word machines? Your job? Remove xtra parts, recycle if possible.
Cheryl Trujillo board member Zanbeelart interviews South Asian American Art Festival 2008, artist participant Siona Benjamin.
Finally back in America and on our way home. What a great trip to start off a summer full of vacations!
Yeah, you got it! Nice job!
"And you'd be happy as hell to get a record deal, maybe a soul you'd sell to have Mass Appeal" R.I.P.
You smile. I smile. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4>
Scoring plays, big plays and final score.
true story!
Ah i love my bestfriend<3
My 2 simple sanity requests for the day: I need 20 minute to finish the book #borntorun and then I need 1 hr to go for a run.
you put the @ sign and then their username.
I remember it was the one from Ghostbusters. Guess I forgot the name of the song! Thought I had it. Underrated soundtrack.
It's an experience!
teh don't forget the sunblock!
I'm going to hate myself in about 6 hours...
Was there a shortage of artists tonight?
Imma have to ask that if u subtweet me @ me kmsl !!!!! I totally just caught rasheeda 's subtweet from like 9 hours ago <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I need a fucking gas mask Everytime I walk by that place
wooohooo! Welcome back!
(c) you should go with the charge. its been out for a while, and it's going to be discontinued and outdated soon.
Good luck with your project
I referred Joyce Paisley Photography to your site this week. She loves it! You should have received an email from her.
Smfh ... & it starts all over again
I could go for a right about now! been craving one for days
Men who have class know what they want .. <3
Is it weird that I've never drank Jameson?
Dancing with the Stars is on right now!Woahh new season!
I'm also a hair stylist.... Hehe love yew...
Getting ready for the Tigers game. We'll find out if Fister really is that good and our defense has to be better tonight. Let's go #Tigers!
Virtue is really a cultural phenomenon. The virtues of some are the vices of other.
people come and go, we shouldn't dwell in the past but move on with our lives. Things always happen for a reason.
srsly, how annoying would it be if every time you touched your phone, someone on the other end touched back?! cc/
looks like it's back to Lincolnwood Town Center. Can't find the watch! :( UGH UGH UGH! :(
I wanna go to 's book tour for #thefamegame in Naperville but I can't!!! :(
Twitter followers: Receive 25% off any one item in store by using code phrase "I shop local!" during purchase. Deal good thru 11/30/11.
My mom sent me meat in the mail for Easter. My mom is the best mom.
That moment when u n ur mate laying in the bed n u pass gas quietly n u put ur head under the cover to c if it smell lol
Shake it up baby now, twist n shout ;)
if you were a booger, i'd pick you first.
Every man's dream is to be able to sink into the arms of a woman without also falling into her hands.
W.yeldahgoods.com. happy international beer day.
you've still got a little while.
lol working for under armour apparently. As if getting off the plane was that important. Jackass
not tonight
Pay phone is my new song
Now you're just somebody that I use to know <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4>
Bristol, TN, here we come :-)
The bruins are getting a lot of pent up anger tonight.
CHRISTEL SHALL BE OOVOOED AT MY NEXT HOUSE SHOW!
What me and are making isn't fair
Thanks GOTG! Hope to see your stilettos and flats at The Red Rabbit soon. Cocktails, anyone?
EVERYONE. IS. DATING. STOP IT GUYS
"Hey did you bring enough breasts for the rest of the class?"
And w/ a female presidential candidate RT The largest general election campaign in the history of Mexico, starts tomorrow
They have not. I'd like to believe that I'm a very special snowflake, thank you very much :P
I warned E when he left on a trip to SF not to come home a coffee snob. His first text from the city: "I'm a coffee snob"
First home game is tomorrow. Come out and support at University Stadium against Texas Tech. TV: The Mtn/6PM MST
#ALA2011 RE: Google+ points out that according to Google+ TOS users must be age 18 and older - 18+ which is same TOS for Gmail
I think it has potential to be an image problem for the program. Easy for schools to negative recruit agaisnt
luck? fate? "who to follow" list? dnt really know.
Back on my time. I just finished a 3.00 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Brownies are done!
It's Pay Drrrrroooooo
no food, what am I gonna do?!
Want to know why I'm cool? Because i told myself i was at a young age.
Right back at you!
Thanks! Oddly, my fave place is San Francisco is also called Coffee Bar. No relation, but great food, coffee & workspace.
that wouldn't have happened to
Stomach flu or food poisoning? Trying to decide :-/
My only dream is that yours never come true.
y'all gone learn!!!
my media lit course is gonna be the bestest this semester, thanks in part to inspiration from
Tattoo my name on you if you dumb as hell..cause that shit dont mean shit to me. I mean, you aint shit but a dick to me.
: Tweetin about bein alone on Happy Valentines Day is why youre alone on Valentines Day. Insecurity isnt attractive. Be bold
thanks for networking!
: see ya around 7pm my brother.
Damn i want to go to a Pacers game so i can watch LeBron play!
Treating myself to some web site design this morning.
I didn't believe you until I looked it up on my cell phone. You were right.
the long two, when by design, seems terrible because most likely could have gotten a higher EV 3pt shot.
cause i may be bad but im perfectly good at it. ;)
#followfriday an amazing band from Virginia Beach, VA. If you want a new song for the weekend... check out their single "Daylight"
Thanks for the RT
No worries. Just wanted to let you know.
oh... Stay. Lol
No dessert and no wine?!? All sounds a bit convenient
everything that happens in romanow's class <<<
Hey! Yeah we should defiantly :D
gotta love Moms
Greetings on Lazarus Saturday! May God help us all prepare to be resurrected as he was! Lord, help us.
I'll tell you, I just can't wait for Apple's education announcement next week, even if it's already after everyone's semesters have started.
Watching What A Way to Go! (1964).... One of my all-time favorite movies!
Just picked up at O'Hare! Ready to rock #Chicago tonight at 7:30pm!
If your hungry for burgers there is simply no place better then BDW's for dinner
Vectorworks at #aia2012 May 17-19th. Come by booth #2009 and see our new products!!!!
People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity.
Spoke this afternoon to USSEA in Parkersburg to discuss school service employee issues. Steak Fry fundraiser tonight for Glen Dale Baseball
Okay see you guuurrl...Twerk that Party! ;) Congrats - what a gig!
Every summer, Carlee Guthrie celebrates her birthday with a customized cake depicting a swirling hurricane, crafted from colorful icing.
Samsung pulling away from Apple in smartphone market
So leave me and my wonderfully amazing boobs/nipples alone! LOL
you do? :3 thanks. but why? .__.
That was a Devil Wears Prada reference, and I will spend tomorrow undercover(s).
That's the story of the game. No forced fumbles or INTs. We need some defensive momentum if we want to pull this out.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A9>
Can we all just acknowledge that everyone looks like a moron when they are clapping. No one comes off as an especially intelligent clapper
YOUR SCARING ME.
Yr so funny! Guessing this has somethig to do with this wonderful Spring rain?
#SportingKC cauldron is amazing tonight...goodbye Colorado!
thanks for the follow!
your voice is amazing
RT : Buffett on PE investing: I think it's more interesting to buy businesses to keep rather than to sell
SNL kind of Saturday night!
"Nothing is work unless you'd rather be doing something else." - George Halas.
Im Stuck.
CSS Jax is looking for an Accounts Payable Rep $11-$13 an hour. www.contemporarystaffing.com
There's a lot of shit in the past I wouldn't mind changing, but on the bright side I learned from all that shit.
"Every man dies. Not every man really lives." ~William Ross Wallace
OH YEAH. Kay..
so precious!
coming to Love4Haiti! All sales will be donated.
Good morning, #Portland!
: I guess you really must be upset if you cursed after attending church. So... hello & wish you a great day! lol
Up early jammin to this jeezy
We have a few main topics in today's chat. #Q1 - Audience expectations of online & on-site experiences. #Q2 - connectors.
<U+E307> Palm Sunday! #PraiseGOD!
Finally home and getting into my own bed... Think I'm sleeping in... Night Everyone!
Love is the best thing in the world. <U+2764>
do tell! I've been curious
Want us to come to a town near you?? let us know where
Pompa: must ensure equality of access and maintain title I and I funding.
Haha yup yup I see you up too! Fist tap
Every boat owner should read this! Last summer we watched with tears in eyes as a tuber tore up our glassy bay for hours!
I never realized how cheesy teachers posters can be..
What a workout!!! Many sore muscles today! Changed up my routine.....Change is good but OUCH!
lol better get on ya passport game try and catch up
The toilet roll war - Stratford Star The toilet roll war Stratford Star Why not just string Christmas lights around it next time? Married
Most of the wives of white male #comic book artists/writers I know are pretty cool human beings.
I think all chairs in cafe's and fastfood resturants are that bad! You need to bring your own pillows to sit in them!
Jus stapled my finger.
Where does the time go..
would you ever go skydiving?
I'm still happy.
Thanks @*DeLiGhT*
The more I listen to album Insides, the more I truly appreciate the continuity of it.
Classes r over!! #schoolsout 2nite come vibe @ the venue w/
I'm stop smoking
Warning zach that is my Chochalte cake on the counter !! Touch it I'll kill yu
"Sometimes it's more important to be human than to have good taste." ~BERTOLT BRECHT Hope you had a great holiday, have an even greater day!
The Spurs opened the second season looking rested and healthy, beating the Utah Jazz 106-91 on Sunday afternoon at the AT&T Center.
I hate when people respond to an email without actually addressing any of the points/questions you asked.
I think that cleanse will help! We just need to find one more person.
Totally in love with that owl Dakota. I'd steal him too. And kiss him. And love him. And get sick to my stomach as he regurgitates mice..
Careful! Monkey's Paw hears that kind of talk and you'll be on the other side of the wall. >_<
Im so bored. omfg.
did you really have to cry?
#IfITellYou You'd Wish I'd Never Told You.
do u think that's a good or bad thing?
Seeing the crowd for the show going on now is just freaking awesome!
Another day of racing. Criterium today.
Wednesday Sean Special...free blowdry (that's a $45 value) with the purchase of 3 products from the Quenching, Mending or Thickening lines!
were you honest when you said, i can never leave your bed?.
Whatd you name your bird?
85 degrees today and i'ts kayaking weather; we are headed to the Lake Lewisville greenbelt.
So.. we bouta hit up the pool . . in the rain . . can u say pneumonia ? aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhha ~
not off the top of the head, i can ask around. what would it entail?
I met him after the show.. (:
The sweet life of Zack and Cody is the only show with smart blonds and a dumb asian O_o
Kobe coaching his team wow, he motivating them to pass pass the ball!
and will see you at #ROC City Rising tomorrow! Look for the rental market guide in your swag bags!
#HAchat RT : What is this Chat called and when is it always held? I have enjoyed it.
Stocks DN in early going. Retail reports below expectations, new jobless claims DN by the most in 3 months.
There's a direct correlation between the rising food costs and energy costs. Let's move forward and sustain
"Feeling Beauty: A Neuroscientific Framework for Understanding why the Arts may be Sisters" w/ G. Gabrielle Starr 2/23 Grad. Center 6-8pm
thank you for everything. Tell Ryan hello.
Matt Kemp has more homers than 2 MLB teams. Of course one of them is the Cubs. Of course.
Happy birthday!
Agreed. After his performance in the second half of last season, we thought LeGarrette Blount would have a much better '11.
FUCK YOU ALL.
Thanks ! RT Happy Int'l Women's Day! Shoutout to some ladies rocking in the biz world!
Score polk county 2 orl 0 top of the 4th inning watch live @ www.doublediamondbaseball.com at Bishop Field
thats true hopefully the actual one is better! What order are they gonna put groups in tm?
I can't tell if I'm watching the Michigan vs MSU game or a Delaware vs South Florida game. #GoBlue!
Yesterday, the Metra completely screwed me over. Today, I have a feeling it's the CTA's turn. Ugh.
screamo and techno put together is omg the best!!! :D
Happy Easter...a lil late. <3
welcome to the ravens nation!!!
Ministry. Totally Ministry.
We love creating POTent, Yummy edibles for patients to cope with what ails them. Spreading the feel-good all for you!
ya that would be so kewl! maybe we could meet up and try to find her like wheres waldo lmfao
that's my girlfriend lol
One is not born a woman, one becomes one. ~Simone de Beauvoir
Keep moving runners #Royals #yankees v
I finally get through all the treats and sweets from the holidays, and guess what?...it's Girl Scout cookie season. Great.
We have a furniture refinisher at our office today....the smell is really, really strong.
are u going to tweet me back at all?
It was great seeing you at #dish2011. Missed saying good-bye & catching up on SMKdigital and non-. To be continued at #mw2012!
#riovegas.... On my way to Vegas inthree days. Haven't been in 2 years. Best new places to eat? New sights to see? Thx
Scoops have a 15-second life span
I got an iced mocha & a power outlet. I'm all set.
happens to me ALL the time!!
I tried to get to the Leyton years but every other couple on that show is a damn snoozefest
RT : via Ontario: Catholic Schools Restoring Libraries: Controversial Decision Revisited
Mysterious library guy asks us what we're studying, immediately blurts out "PIZZA!!!!" ...library guy walks away.
In Propria Persona => In his or her own person
Thank you!! Loved your book...btw!!!
follow for a chance to win a UK AUTOGRAPH!!
Shots shots shots shots shots shots shots shots! Perfect way to start the weekend. Headshots, that is!
Agree! “: There should be a req that all new construction in downtown Seattle come w/rain awnings over any adjacent sidewalks”
Who knew that would harm everything so much.
am finishing up the Oakland Arts information package. Looking for local artist soon...
Watch him play like shit since "all eyes will be on him"
Thanks for all of the follows! Been a slow summer but auditions are picking up and BreakADream is going to be posting more sad stories!
- As will all of the middle-class and poor Americans that make the mistake of voting Republican.
Eating dinner at Chillis.
Bunky's Cafe on Atwood Ave. Those folks know how to cook!
Amused by headline from Boise State: "Commencement Ceremony Features Pesky Teaching Awards."
hahahahaha hell yeah
Seth, I'm here with would love to chat after presentations about your properties' social media efforts.
All my hoes got Jordan skills, they fade away
Is #RedbookParty the same as ? Haha.
: Thanks for the retweet!
Posted a new song: "We Do It Like Oww by J-Benton ft. BlaQ
Glad I didn't make the trip to FL for this though, would've been depressing.
Everywhere but friggin TV/radio or magazine -which is all I want! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5> RT: you have worked EVERYWHERE!! U a hustla
I would give my first born and a box of triscuits for some #Starbucks right about now
Kevin Garnett calling out the #Hawks owner was good stuff, and truth cause he lit them up.
Don't forget! Save $100 on any event when you book by the end of January!!!
#WhyWouldYouCheatIf your girl is . I can understand if u only have a poster size Taraji.
Thanks, we just got a profile pic up.
Listening to interviewing live at
#FF recommendations! Our Gr8t #ClearedJobFair customers: U R The best!
what's more fun that sitting all alone in the history department? Pretty much everything
So ur out of jail ur free ur rehibilitted how u been ... u got my money motherfucker
I am listening to #dylanradio.com Thanks to Pete in Canada
Tomorrow's Monday! Which means..new Chi! TLIS! #WWWYKI!
nice. Read a similar story on importance of space exploration. Trying to make my speech more exciting.
#Oomf Had To Have His Last Name. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
feel like I slept 2 seconds <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
the body of a girl but the mind of a guy.
Shot out to the dude that cooked my porkchop tonight!! Cleaning the bone
THANK YOU are BEAUTIFUL FLOWER
More than 85% of connected Xbox 360's have already downloaded content from Xbox Live Marketplace.
Whether your working or enjoying the Cinco de Mayo festivities, have a wonderful and safe weekend.
Digitalmedia is where engaging media messaging lie. How can brands connect to users in a way that intrigues them and makesaprofit?
OMG JULIE'S WATER BROKE!
Over Easy? :) Mine too. haha I need to learn to make food other than breakfast stuff though :c lol
Damn all these cuties wit nice bodies fuck I needa get on my shit
Looking for segments for our weekly Twin Cities Live pitch meeting tomorrow....any ideas? Think food, fashion and fun!
I want to shoot people
Love your costumes!!! Congrats to third ward team for winning the contest! Happy Halloween :)
hm....wonder who this is referring to? ;P hahaha
Let's go Rice! "RT It wasn't pretty, but Rice pulls out win against U of H, 4-3. Let's win series tomorrow." cc :-)
There are 612 Time Capsules; we just opened 355 this week!
thanks for proving is live and u r human.
Staff from marketing dept. toured our labs this morning. Thanx ladies for the great ideas abt raising our public profile!
- But Al is ALL ABOUT showing off his fake boobs.
#Its2012WhyYouStill on myspace
oh I know.
hootesuite is the bomb. Tick tick.
nice! be sure to share with the team! MRT : Just discovered a column edit feature on that is blowing my mind
you'd get more accurate world news from a 6-year-old
bout to smoke and chill
OMG. Can you really survive one year like that?
<3 Everything I Do Comes Back To Me by Daredevil Christopher Wright so much history wrapped up in melodies.
St. Patty's Day Sip & Shop & Pearls Couture Sat.
michael jackson is dead
I wonder how much they will go for on eBay...
"All y'all know y'all done had sex while ya baby in bed sleep. When the baby wake up y'all play sleep." <--- lol
Don't forget to come to the Crawfordsville Easter Egg Hunt on the grounds of the Lew Wallace Study tomorrow at 1!
random meat
Thank god all these bottles I popped, All this paper I been gettin', All these models I popped!
Whoop! Lol I felt left out.
Girl been on tht trip shit for the past few days..she's always worrying bout another b.tch & not herself
drinking Diet Pepsi
Riding through Los Angeles blasting that trap girl
he was talking to our favorite volunteer about the Jazz styles of Steely Dan the other day. I wanted to cut myself.
“: everybody cool knows everybody cool” true story!!
I wanna fuck so good...sry just being honest! Lol
just made a glass of chocolate milk
Last class of the semester for this guy
Why is Twitter powerful? 27.3 Million tweets a day. Why is Facebook powerful? Over 500 Million users. Youtube? Over 1 billion videos a day.
Thanks for following! Enjoy your day.
Where did you get yours? I like them to be cute and have enough space to write on each day. Any suggestions?
And there's a blue jay, breaking everything up. I'm going to call him Martin Luther.
Jerry forgot his headphones
What would I liked to have been? Everything you hate.
A small part of me wishes I never met you...
Would love to be there! Enjoy your day and check out
Got a bowling alley in my head!
I met her!
makes me sick how sum people think picking a fragrance cap is stressful
Adam, I also founded Let me know once you start working for a Philly restaurant.. thanks
Definitely had a good Sunday. Same to you :-)
Just finished 1st Mass Effect... So epic, cant wait to start on the 2nd one!!! Is it better then 1?
Meet me tonight st 7:30 for cajun and music! (I'm playing) :)
twitter app on my phone is craz
Busting my a$$ like usual. Fixing the BM now... Have a great day!!!!!!!!!!
Impressive. Updated artist meta data for an album in #iTunes and it instantly appeared on my phone.
Inventory hasn't even started yet and the problems we've known about for months are causing problems
When employees get lost in the organizational career maze, they may take their careers in their own hands and vote with their feet....
When I pulled my hamstring I went to a misogynist.
I've been very interactive on Twitter today. Don't get used to it.
Um, that's an amazing statement.
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory. – Ralph Waldo Emerson
CRYING CRYING THIS FLAWLESS TEAM
checking out some cool exhibits.
BEST... SHOW... EVER
Hey where you been??? Haven't heard from you since we spoke about the music conference in Washington DC lol what's your email?
Time for some #Tigers baseball.
I don't know how to relax
Press Conference going on right now RI.P. WHITNEY
If looks could kill, you'd be a murderer
am i remembering this wrong or was some like little girl killed for burning a poster of justin bieber earlier this year?
whats your problem with the eastern and central time zones?
yep! I was working from there!
OMG yes. She is AWFUL. I don't know how she made it this far! RT I can't stand Lindsay Paveo! What a terrible voice!
NFL's Philadelphia Eagles tap mobile for in-stadium marketing
I hope you caused a scene
Found jeans at Old Navy, was informed that they were on sale for $2.48, then was informed I acted like I won the lottery.
I pickup D. Lowe yesterday & he gets me a complete game shutout. Doesn't quite make up for Kemp going on the DL after rosters locked.
Is the father of the girl Thor falls in love with the guy that is controlled by Loki in The Avengers?
If your a Drake fan,
yea it's been long so did u go to Dallas
He stole my heart, so now I'm gonna steal his last name<U+2764>
Thanks for the reply.
would love to go
Most of us fall in to one of two roles: 1) you are a creative professional or 2) you need (or lead) creative professionals to do your job.
I love my DVR! I'm taping Bobbi Kristina's interview, army wives and RHOA.
Everybody's dancing crazy...(8)
Yoga Explorers was a big hit! Thanks to the kids for bringing your parents!
loved it!
i love this pic of you ;)
To honor the 100th anniversary of the Titanic, #EdiblesRestaurant will be serving Iceberg lettuce.....
u figured this tech stuff out. U smart, kind , and important
": It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. - Henry David Thoreau"
Taylor swift *cough cough* ;) “: writing songs with a very cool artist today :)”
Congrats Bill!
RT : the #interrupters. !! C'est Ouf !!
I hope you don't cry tonight love!
UNFPA, UNICEF, IPPF would be well served if they provided their "youths" a basic biology course.
Valid. I'm just too lazy to make/find another.
If at first you don't succeed....try, try and try again. And in my case...fail, fail and fail again. :/
100 MF`s cant tell me nothing! I BEEZ in the Trap I BEEZ x`s 2 in the Trap ....
I can't believe tonight is that last episode of Desperate Housewives. #sosad <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Once there was an ugly duckling , then one day she looked into the mirror and realized... she was a swan..
if I was down there I'd be showing u how to skip line!!
#Rochester stop into the shelter tomorrow (sat) and visit all out friends available for adoption!
I have to say: I want to hear more about that brisket!
MICHAEL......What am I going to do with you. :-) This is the best chicken and cheese biscuit i have ever had!
alyssa just fucking go the fuck away all you do is cuz problems! you fake ass bitch!
Looking forward to Library Development Conf in Flagstaff
Gonna try to go back to sleep
Day 2 in #Israel on Birthright 2.0 begins. Off to an Ethiopian absorption center in the north after an AMAZING day in Tel Aviv.
where you been at bro
Thank you for letting us know; we will inform our IT Manager immediately.
J.V.O
I'm not your friend anymore ....and I really don't care ..cuz u wasn't to much of a friend anyway. Dueces
You're also slacking on a follow, lol. :)
I almost feel bad that I am an organ donor
Vancouver man hit and killed by a swerving car, while changing his wife's tire off I5. State patrol says driver was distracted
I love my bed
Talk to me
Any chance of catching tonight's #SMCA meeting for folks that couldn't watch it live? =)
Damn, da East got the stars, but the West got the team...
you would have no life
Loo IM DYIINGGg!!!
Tracey Gets A Goal....actually tracey could probably score on Bryz
I FB stalked you & saw his pic - cutie! I'm sure the love outweighs the murder feelings. He's still getting used to his new home!
#10thingsihate people wearing fake shit and acting like they the shit!
sorry, i keep RTing you. HAHA but, you gotta love THG
oh bummer!! I feel like that's something I would do too.
When does next season debut? The last two episodes were great.
These photos allow us to see ourselves at distance & thru another's eyes - the other within us, perhaps the root of sociability
Hi kkalafatis, thanks for following!
Chris Brook just said: "how about Dillinger Escape Plan B?" background: we're watching that band and they suck. hard.
In addition, the same share (44%) finds that mobile messages coming from businesses that have their permission are useful.
RT : Q5- If you were to provide advice to a new instructional designer, whatwould it be?
can you all check your emails again please.
RT : The polish Peyton displayed in 1993, as a kid, you saw today. The 3 Manning brothers are a tribute to Archie and Olivia
Just finished another hour of therapy on the shoulder, now its time for a nap :-( Rehab is HARD work!!
Any bangovers this morning from yesterday???
Two B1G teams go down tonight. Guess IU needs to change things.
Time to get busy on
man people play to much.. smh...
#Bands #Artists #Musicians Sign up to Http://www.Dagnomusic.com today sell your music and you keep 100% of your sales!
Just submitted v2.0 of "eJournal" to app store. Now a universal app for $2.99. Password protection and many other features added! Avail soon
do the best you can... catch up later, if needed
R.I.P Dick Clark
Got no sleep last night but woke up this morning wide awake!!!
thanks for the follow!
Harbaugh on Suggs injury: "Everything Terrell said about it from my understanding has been right on."
love you too lil sister
all we can do is support the best candidate!
Being forced to watch Ads before a video I can take... but when that video refuses to play after those Ads... isn't that akin to theft?
Once you have really hurt someone, it will always be in the back of their mind even if they still have a smile on their face.
Checking in beer at work. All day errday
The 950 seems a more mundane less dramatic commuter choice. Nice WaPo story from Stearman survuvor A. Halsey
it means you are safe from the purgatory of bad Children's music, for now.
Pair vs. Pair: Pair The App Is Getting Sued By Pair Networks, The ...
I need more followers #RT if u do too
To Do: dinner, catch up on tv shows, blog, and more twitter! Blog topic tonight is about twitter and museums, will tweet when posted
yes, drowning our sorrows is definitely in order.
hahahaha - O K A Y (x
": Im sick of Blake Griffin with all this flopping bs."
The rangers are insane right now!!
I see some Liars
Stop glorifying Che, dude was a psycho.
Linda are u not going to Bill's wedding?!
I think I am just going to start addressing all SLPs as "Ninja" since they are obviously interchangeable!
There was an array of colors of mankinis today at Bikram yoga. Meow
Grammy voting members receive elitist propaganda sent out on behalf of Neil Portnow regarding revamped financially viable music categories
Don't forget to answer our question True or False and be entered to win a plush throw. RT and get a second entry.
For your convenience we have added a toll free reservation number 1 888 581 4446
I agree Doose. Apparently I shouldn't follow either. Jerk.
Facials Try our amazing C-Esta Facial for winter skin and get $20.00 off any Jan Marini Skin care product of your choice $75.00
Soon. Shows next month ": john! any news on when they are giving out backstage passes! please im desperate :("
Interested in restoring hope in New Orleans this summer? Check out the great program offered by our #TeenLifeLIVE sponsor !
I been to hell & back & made it back fine
Oh. My. Fucking. Goshh. Thank. Craig. It's. Friday.
is it on tv?
Wishing you all a Happy Mothers Day!
": Near death?" I think you need to take your turn at the debate desk.
And checking out a new coffee shop. Thanks for the recommendation! RT Co-working"with makes for a lovely afternoon!
My problem with Black Widow is that she's fucking boring. Holy shit, is she ever boring.
": I'm coming to visit you guys today!!" See you soon! :)
Dont let me find out...lol RT : Pharrell is a vampire. A sexy one.
The library is a lonely place since students have forgotten how to do research using books. The sound of slumbering books.
New SHINS album Port of Morrow out today on CD and LP. Come by it at any of our locations and receive a free exclusive limited acoustic EP!
when are you NOT horny? *lifts ass in air* ;)
So happy that you are super well ! Hoping one of these days I'll get to see you in person!
dupont circle has tons of choices depending on price point and taste. I wouldn't miss an opptrotunity to eat at Afterwords.
#StupidStereotypes how bout all stereotypes are stupid!?!?!
IM BLASTING TFERA AND DANCING LIKE A GOOD OL FUCKAAA SCARIN MY MOM I NEED MENTAL HELP AWW YEEAH
First talks with director Scott Dobbie of Marina Beach Films for Music video of Straight To The Top. VERY EXCITED
thanks for the RT!
PROMETHEUS is on the cover of the I just plucked from my mailbox. ZQUEEEEL!
Cal had me for a split minute.
Guess what! Spots are still left on the All-Stars tour and... one spots left on warped tour! SIGN UP TODAY!
Great meeting with all the Business Services folks in Aberdeen today - we have a great team!
There needs 2 be more help 4 Gay males/females dealing w/ thoughts of suicide! Suicide is 2 Real... I get it now
Sam Jones is better than Michael Jordan.
Good morning! We're spending our Monday working on marketing. What are you doing?
Coffee and Brownies? Why not? I'm dangerously dull and uncontrolled. This is our world now.
Thank you as well! I love seeing the verse novel genre alive & well and so many great books being published in verse.
This is what we get for letting go.
Just saw the display at the Santa Monica Nordstrom! Love it!
Lit Brick - Jane Eyre (Part 4)
OKC can S my D
About to do the finishing touches on a new dubstep track so be on the lookout fo it!!!!!
Nice to see so much momentum for ! Interesting he has 2X amount of friends on FB than Demaio.
you wonder if this speeds up his timetable for issuing a written decision in Braun case?
Today was a success. What a great party tonight. So much fun! Thank you everyone and good night :)
damn, he's not going to be pleased about the new logo then that is coming....
Lakerz Playoff Game Central @ Sandbar Lounge Long Beach. $2 Brews $3 Drinks $1 Pool Table. 710 West Willow Ave Long Beach 90806
Happy Birthday
That's what I'm talking about Duper! Go Pens!
We are taking a sucking void and filling it with our artcocks.
if its a toss-up for the position...the relationships u can build in state promising a better chance maybe are worth it...
Yea I know..u r restricting urself to CLE right? If I did that I'd still be looking! But got great opp & position in Dayton
I fucks with you
Woohoo!! RT : Can't wait to have dinner with the queen Tomorrow night!
iono I ant think that was posibule
When you forgive, you in no way change the past - but you sure do change the future
Hey my name is big t I'm about to be on MTV haha
You left a mark
I lied. I was too sore to run today. So I just walked the 3-mile loop around our subdivision. It was a beautiful day for it.
Good time Luxury Expo this weekend! Thanks to everyone that showed up! We had a great weekend!
Check ur email Big Bro
The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Dex: Boners: Standing up for what they believe in!!! Me: OMG, ur mind is in the gutter today!!
" Correction does much, but Encouragement does more. "~~~Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
way to stick up for your players chris guccione called a bad game at first
Are apps free?
haha yea no video call :P -izzy
Morning Twitter World!
;-) How r u? RT : The fam loves my Mac & Cheese made with #Cabot reduced-fat cheddar! delish!
#fridayreads (print) The Revenant by Sonia Gensler !!!! So excited!!!!
#BarkAtBilas How come ESPN doesn't have the match up comparison option this year on the brackets? Big problem...
Well at least there is still my 100% chance of getting a signed copy of John Green's next book. YAY FOR POSITIVES
Today was ehhhhh....
Massage alone is proven to not only reduce stress, but decrease anxiety, enhance sleep quality and improve concentration
Watching Gnomeo & Juliet has made me want to buy even more gnomes. Also flamingos and Braveheart bunnies.
Wish my shoulder & neck didn't hurt #wahwahwah #complain <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
"Only about 1 hr or so work left on paper." That was 3 hrs ago.
hahah I LOVE YOU SCOUT!
you would love it! Not to mention, our friends at are based right here in Indy.
"Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs." - Henry Ford
the person I despise with a passion sits next to me in history. and we have to be partners for a presentation. I had to do all the work. -.-
Had it the last few days. Once I think I'm over it, it returns.
I'm starting to hate getting up early
Been at it trying to open up these .pdf files for the longest -.-
Who Wants To Talk?(:
If you fall in love with two people, stick with the 2nd one... Obviously, you weren't in love with the first one...<3
Andre 3000 shouldn't even be compared with the likes of Beyonce or J. Cole
what happened?
well drake and iPhones don't like u either
Our thoughts exactly!
Why does she act so salty all the time now? She used to be my fave real housewife. You know who I'm talking about.
I want her to txt me on this long as ride
Brandon Burrell's birthday party tonight!
Shout to my bro de lo mio k lo k
Tami is crazy.. i know that liquor done wore off by now
That's right Ryan. Express that anger through threes.
endorse RT New revenue stream: Tax gaudy fan gear and those who wear it. Jersey's no, helmets that have sunshades and horns. YES
It's almost 9PM here.
Studying in the tub haha taking a bath + study...good idea..bad idea?? Idk this is the first time ive studied al year
needs followers .haha :P
Made it to work thru the snow. . . the return trip home will be interesting to say the least!
my home girl is in that video
Miley Cyrus is upset a company has made a sex doll in her likeness. Her dad is mad because he didn't think of it first.
Sixty dollars? Hello? Rich people? Troy's joining you. Yes, I'll hold.
Too many chiefs, not enough indians.
I use a Canon multi-function printer and it does all that in a small form factor. Mine is a few years old, MX310
I've seen Mr. McFeely too and he does look like the same young lad as during his Speedy Delivery days.
cant listen to the radio anymore CAN NOT DO
Food n work n baseball
we did for the Yankees game. Not this one...due to sitter for my youngest
too late , boo boo
I just want 2 egg rolls !
The world can be scary..so you have to put everything in prospective...and sieze the moment....
Best version yet. Well done.
Wow... Got my hair wet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> ironed it for nothing.
I understanding talking to partisans for launching point to then talk to more analytical experts. Too many skip 2nd part, tho.
why do you feel #feel #syep event was pointless? how could they have made it better?
we need to get together - lots to update you on!
in Australia....luck you :p
who me ?? lol thanks
i hate when ppl lie bout dumb shit
Wow! Just tried this submission to our What's Your Austin's Pizza contest: Fresh made pico, motzz, jack cheddar, & chicken. Lordamighty.
Ryan Sheckler Is So Cute I Can't Even(;
Very cool webinar today #HireAVet presented by have engineering positions great for veterans! Apply at bjorksten.com!
are you?
There is no wholly masculine man, no purely feminine woman
great, great article.
Hi Lavina....thanks for returning the follow!
blessed go be connected
Hey I just meet you and this Is crazy but ....<3 :D
What a great day out today.
W.mwishartpi.com. People/companies who prey on the less fortunate will be held accountable.
Two more days until my Birthday my Birthday my Birthday :-) and they said no way would I see it! lol, bla bla bla
a few days studio under construction
#IDontLike The song boyfriend....or any Bieber song...or the word swaggie
any review that includes the line "I once knew a girl in college who practiced Wicca" must be regarded with suspicion :P
You used to be the shit, now you ain't shit bitch.
Nap time
Found out where dreams are born - unicorn testicles. Special thanks to Bob's Burgers for that info.
You are the master of prezi and getting presents at work :)
These cardiac Cowboys are for real! Now finish this.
it's your song, too. Although as I think about it, I definitely prefer the old rhythm, so you should definitely rerecord.
Take care of your body, then the rest will automatically become stronger.
comming from the woman who distracts me when I actually try too
I miss #RHOA last night hoping it comes on today...before #BasketballWives cause I'm Not missing that lol!!!
Don't forget to tweet True or False to our earlier question and get entered to win our plush throw.
Me too! The fall is the best time of year and so pretty. I would like to talk to God about having that weather all the time
Tomorrow's Brunch on the patio! Don't miss it. The fried egg sandwich with pickled onions is....well.....pretty darn good.
HAVING FUN AT YOUR PHOTOSHOOT??:)
...like sunshine! :D
hope you're having fun right now!
Hey all, have a beer for all your hard working legislators who can't go to the O's game today.
2morrow Spanish friends,come see me 2 6PM ! Can't wait :{) RT
Crowd-sourcing my #DC peeps: Best day #spa in DC? This girl needs a day of beauty! ideas?
truth man. This is your first show, right?
The Office season finale tonight...hope it doesn't suck like most of this season
My wife said tonight that I can have a beer for every #Brewers run......let's get it started!
: Guess which of your favorite Naz ladies we are!
hell yeah ah.. I feel ya. I'm glad to be one of the better ones !(:
Thankfully English 1101 is a required course for all RATs.
Open, ready and prepared for feedback. Negative and positive. If you think you know something, remember the mistakes of misjudgement.
Playing design catch up on this lovely afternoon.
just smash it in rage. usually works.
at least one of my "friends" really sucks.
saw a baby whale exploring off point dume. yrs ago. Supposedly normal behavior for them to explore alone while mom waits
but soon, we all get to hang out together.
Finally home from a long day. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Instagram for Android Instagram for Android Instagram for Android!
i still don't think you've realized what you did to me, and how badly you hurt me.
Is there anyway for us, not in NYC to see/ get acess to these documentaries online?
At the metropolitan club issue 1 debate...
that would b legit!ima get back to u asap bout that cuz i need to figure out if ima need a car this weekend while im at home lol
Based on your article this morning, it looks like Tyler Colvin has the best musical taste on the team. By far...
About to drink some Starbucks ice coffee..... Wait wait m delicious
yes. Slade is a bit undersized and a year younger. But is a pretty decent point guard
. Have fun and safe travels!
I got you covered.
No homework tonight ;3
At Wondering if Mr Gibson gets tired of my supermarket brand analyses.
Watching Frozen. I mocked the film relentlessly when I first heard about it. I'm now curious after what I've hear from some trusted critics.
Check that, took the job in early June, lol.
hope we see you at ours!
Its 30 mins from tradee deadline and not one station speaking of it
4 all ths Q's thr is a big distinction between consumer products vs. service brands. ex: Coke sum of emp brands? No. B of A? yes.
Yay! Oh the anticipation!
cool. let me know if you come up with something because our garden more eggplant that we can handle right now.
We need more Peggy and Joan time.
Ding repair is being offered for any surf club members by one of our surf dads, George Toth. Give him a call at 619-250-6948 for any needs!
my prayers are with you and yours
what ring is that???
love the bonus!
this is SUPER!!! Thanks for the headsup. , was this the barge that conquered the canals last year?
Flu days. Leave me alone.
any birthdays today ?!
RT : Got my workout in, now picking up new business cards then heading to get glammed up for !
Like every friday, #FF me first and I will #FF you back.
Kobe is all the way Ballin.
I'm knocking on doors, you're keeping the keys, MaybeYouopen, maybeNotForMe! But I won't make a move until move in me:D (Paul)
how are you?(:
hmm creative thinking
Just had a dope photo shoot with the crew. Photos will be posted here shortly.
At Church and State!
New Post: "The Dreamer, The Believer...The Writer" www.thewritelifeshow.com
Gopinath: Shah's "Hinterland Structures" is an alternative archiving of queer diasporic modes of dwelling & creating habitability
I hate when there is like nothing on tv.
#10FavouriteNickiMinajSongs: Save Me
Oh no! I hope your flight gets going soon.
3 hours of beer and food for only $8.10 - best deal in town - spread the word. kgoradio.com/beer
Huh?? RT : I heard myself a few days ago I guess
Some girl named Lucy just introduced herself by saying "My name is Lucy" and I chuckled.
That show is going to be a real party--have fun tomorrow night!
you are in luck-we are running a 15% off sale on the store starting Monday through end of the year. Save away!
Nibbs are soar...Yes I would do it again! =P
Neybor wins 2nd place at #onstage pitch event in crowd-favorite and most viable idea categories!
Thats whats up Bro, thanks for the love!
I'm happy for him he deserves a shot to have his own program.
- That's hilarious! Can't wait for tonight's show (PST).
Why, thank you!
My name is Frank Odia and I am a recruiter. I am looking for experienced RoR developer. Are you open to contracts or permanent opps?
Don't call it a comeback! We're going to the Final Four again! Go UMass!!!
thanks for hanging last night at the game with ! need to perform for you again soon!!
Chris Isaak - Don't Make Me Dream About You - 06:30 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Don't forget a huge Pick 6 Carryover at Belmont Park on Wed..could be at least $3mill in the pool...Hope some #'s come to me in my sleep.
Today is pay day & I ant even happy
Really wishing that 's rich text editor worked on the iPad. I've written 2 posts but can't format them without HTML. Ugh!
RT : Fact: The first spacecraft to visit the planet Venus was Mariner 2 in 1962.
Small job doing libguides and random reference? Sure!
.. than I am about sales..if it gets heard by enough people, the sales will happen later... for now appreciation is plenty
Is having one of those OMG overwhelmed days.
Lol i really forgot how me and live life i would not do this any other way ...
thankyou and yes u can lol
WOW! Great link, thanks. I don't know why I'm so surprised... I guess I thought anthro was one of the more "eccentric" programs :)
I didn't eat lunch because I forgot my money.Only 2 people knew. No one else deserved to know. They wouldn't shut up asking if I was hungry
Supposed to be eating hot dogs and drinking beer at an MiLB game right now. Instead I'm lining wedding invitation envelopes. Life is funny.
Thanks for RT of article
All of my old friends think they're too cool for me.
I've gotta say, life's pretty good! It's really gonna suck when I get cancer one day.
One of us is thinking about sex... OK, it's me.
Oh, hello pathological liar on my bus. Yes, tell me all about your Peacock farm.
Celebrate National Burger Month at ABX with our Smoked Brisket ‘n’ Cheddar Burger priced at $8.99 during the month of May!
Who did you meet at #barcamptampa that deserves a follow and why?
On my way to the city, Wudup grandma!
Lmao 21 jump to crazy funny
I'm awake now ( he he )
If dick riding was a sport, half the hoes out here could claim "first place" ..
Great shot :)
I think mercy should still be competitive still
can u please follow me on instagram?! My username is iluvya_nojoke!
You guys wish Happy Mothers Day to . At least til I hear enough DM alerts from her phone so I'll know which Champagne Room she's in
someone is blasting "I Have a Dream" through their car speakers during traffic.
is take one but ill only give 75.00 for it.
I have lost all respect for Mickey Loomis, Shaun Payton, Gregg Williams, Joe Vitt, and Jonathan Vilma and anybody else from bountygate
Fake models with fake personalities will never prevail.
Nothing to say but everything to do.
look up Richard Lawson Studios.
heading out there in a few days, will let you know if you don't hear anything. Also, could try calling?
wow true to its name too bad
Hindenburg had a light aluminum piano, pressurized smoking lounge, porcelain tableware, but passengers slept in bunks.
you live in Florida?! Me too(:
How did you get started doing the freelance gig in BKK ?
haha..you can't win em all!
- Best way to land an agent is by doing showcases! Better to be seen than picked out of a pile of headshots!
When you get more diversity on the screen, you get more dynamic portrayals of women characters"
...doing 5 burpees every 1/4 mi lap so I can get caught up on the #BurpeeChallenge BECAUSE I CAN AND SO CAN YOU
"Johnny Depp wears a hat and the sets look like they were made from Skittles then left in the rain!" - Every Tim Burton pitch since 2005
i cry every time i see a one direction account with a creepy pic of 11 year old miranda cosgrove as their icon bless.
“: What time the DMV close? I need a new license” 4 or 4:30
Yea im still here, schoolin it. Wbu?
now that's a lot of O's
This will be my second time
Why this few days i suffer a usually dull persistent pain (aching back) !
Happy Birthday Bob Marley You were a Legend O_o
ah yes! have fun! let me know who you ride with in Tri! xo
I love her oh so much
You and I have as many MLB home runs this spring as Albert Pujols.
Would I be wrong if I exposed the jay bitch
A little sluggish too much hooter wings and Ciroc last nite nice superbowl halftime with Madonna was great
I know what imma do for my mom on mothers day ^.^
Hey, Sun. Look me in the eye when I'm talking to you! Aaaaagh...pain....blind....seeing spots....bad idea....ok, you win.
AMANDA SYFREID IS THE LUCKIEST GIRL SHE GOT TO MAKEOUT WITH MEGAN FOX
You're in a relationship, stop flirting with everyone!
"Im asian, trust me" - LOL
Thanks for the tickets! THE best TWolves game I've witnessed live. Then again it was the only time I've ever seen them win live.
NOW ONE TIME HAS MORE DISLIKES THEN LIKE WE HAVE TO GO LIKE TTHE BUTTON OEVER AND OVER AGAIN BELIEBERS
This nation cannot long survive without the adhearence to the Rule of Law & and. Its blid Application to all Its citizens.
RT : Huntsman manager says: "It was time for Republicans to rally around a candidate who could beat Obama." Adds: It's Romney
haha have fun staying in college!
Via , a "minister" said this at a Detroit mtg: "This is white supremacy. Before you take over our city, we'll burn it first."
excited to see parra back in and see dillard. pitching on the crew is deep, just might be the best in the.nl central.
Oh and I LOVE David Wallace! Yay!
hey all beliebers if u are a true belieber and love justin as much as i do , stand by him follow me I will always support justin follow me
Your morning should be spent making loving phone calls to those that makes your life worthwhile!
This wifi on southwest is THE worst! I just drained half my battery tryna pull up fb! Wtf?!?
Sniff bathroom stall
A puppy at the early age of 7wks, w/ my book, together you & I can PREVENT early bad habits & get his/her training well on its way!
Agreed RT : With all my ranting, I am proud of my #Mizzou boys. We have along way to go in March. Then adios Big 12
If you're still working on that LinkedIn training, add "don't put your name in all caps or all lowercase." Have a good weekend!
Thanks for the retweet!
WHAT IS THIS
I don't believe you're up this early.
I would love an NBA team. I think it would be awesome for Baltimore's economy & morale
Jen may adopt you
Can we all take a moment to look at the comments on the GMYH video saying something about his "new hair".
Dear Drama Whores...
you replying to all those girls gave me hope that you would reply to me...but thats never gonna happen:(8
well, I finally managed to drag my 100 lbs heavy bag into my house... I'm laying on it now. lol
It's such a beautiful day! :)
Anybody notice yellow eyes on Anthony Johnson?
Me and mom and Junior slept our butts off! I mean it! We have no butts today! Ok we do but we slept a lot and I'll take my breakfast now.
Congrats on a #5 in the iPad app store!
Ah, the joys of public transportation
My mom is late to work everyday and she live 2 blocks from her work! lol she kills me!
I don't have my swimming stuff :/
Gurrl,look at that body,I WORK OUT!
I took the #commuterchallenge and after 3 days- I now own my own Go To Card, but I can't register it on the site (error msg)
What a boring day
30 Flutter-kicks, 20 Wall Jumps...lets make it happen, #Madison!!
I will do the Nationals, I agree- good idea. Thanks for sending out my link!
twitter be trippin!
So the LORD gave Israel all the land he had sworn to give their forefathers, and they took possession of it and settled there. Joshua 21:43
The story behind where those plans have would be awesome.
umm try Loopy & Scallops and get back to me.
It's hard to remember the people we used to be.
But well see :)
In any art or design the moment of making a mistake can be the moment of greatest discovery, innovation or invention if only
feeling really tired and cranky? your welcome
What a happy surprise!! We need to catch up in Seattle!
So straight vodka then? I swear I saw that billboard and said out loud "Morris Day and the Motha Fucking Time"
MY MOUTH BURNS!!!! I just tried an extremely hot serrano pepper!!!!!! Hehe.
u must b off
I crack myself up a lot
Haha! Ginger-supremacist!!
RT #Glee: 3D Concert Movie is a film about the beauty of diversity that stars a bunch of pretty white people econ.st/oJVOZG
Scrabble's cool. Better than canasta, anyway. Is it cheating if you tweet us your letters? (You are playing for money, right?)
Never forget. RIP. “: RIP horses from Luck. Sad news. Give a shout out to my homey Lil' Sebastian if you see him upstairs.”
you know I have never thought about that but you are right, i am a selfish defensive coach want the best on D
Getting ready to Skype with the boo! <3
I love my cousin.. she's awesome!
Hahahahah. I don't think that's getting the RT. #GonzagaProblems. Hahahahaha
One of the guys from Lucky Boys Confusion died? High school pop-punk era Justin wept.
rofly. orr you an lift to eat..
I wish you world tell me how you really feel.
I ONLY HAVE TWO WEEKS TO READ THREE BOOKS FUCK
I felt like such a nerd the other day cause this kid had a sonic screw driver and I freaked out! It was awesome though! I love Doctor Who!
Yikes, I'm getting way too Twitter chatty.
thanks for coming!!
yea finals are no joke :/
Yeah, I totally agree with you.
WE WANT THE BELIEVE TOUR DATES
When and who all going???
Agreed! Nicely put! In fact, that's why we're building a prayer-app! Please see here ==> birdofprayer.org
is this going to be one of your tweets where u start bashing city cyclists?
Serb/Croation division brought up over deleting FB comments? Really?
Tips for Planning a Tent Camping Trip to South Georgia’s Beaches
Congratulations everyone! I look forward to visiting soon in 2015 & following ur website til then
105th annual! very impressive. Wish I weren't on the other side of the world for it...
Just tapped, Del Rio Lager (replaces Cuvee Des Jacobins Rouge Belgian Sour Ale: we have more kegs for later)
OMG I'm leaving work now to go make some.
Sean Putman from Detroit, hi everyone
Call up your friends & make plans to come watch UFC 146 with the ladies Saturday May 26!
All apologies to and all Pittsburghers I have neglected until 4:35PM. Happy Valentine's Day!
happy moving day!
« So will I see today?? (:» text me sweetie<3
About to release my 150th recording in the last 2 years.
your uncle has thought you well
#DearMonday just because i'm on spring break i love you! Just for this week thou!
What fucking monsters, excuse me. That is insane.
Anthony Davis officially added to 18-man pool for U.S. Olympic team.
no I didn't
Just wrapped second day of shooting for Francescas Collections! Went great :)
My stubborn basset hound dog decides he wants to go for a walk...hm
You coming back to L-ville for the derby?
We got a love thing, girl you try to leave me But you need me, can't you see you're addicted to me We got a love thing,
heard they were gona hand out bengay to the alacranes players b4 each game this season lol
Haha ya right abby!! My legs are way to long and my dad would cry.
If you have a dream, give it a chance to happen. - Richard M. DeVos
Even though they don't get along, I'm really luck to have such supportive, wonderful parents.
And baby I promise That I will never leave That everything will be alright,I I promise these things to u babe just believe I promise
I have the body of a 6 foot 16 year old ballet dancer 0_o I want to gain 15 pounds
"...we felt it was critical that we establish relationships with the most innovative doctors and researchers," said Founder/COO Wendy Lewis.
what would Mark Topping do? #he'sadork
Follow and we follow 100% back :) Thans :**
Check with your child's preschool or school nutrition guidelines before you pack those lunches. They may limit desserts or peanut products.
However, would a digital pres and repository knowledge group be redundant? There are already groups that do this.
There is no such thing as a normal or a sensitive person. It's a myth fabricated by your own ignorance.
Be ready to dance the night away at your special event with us purchase the Premier Wedding Dances Groupon!
And the 2011 best of show...
Merry #Chrimbus to , , , , and We will be re-launching in January!
I have a queen size bed yet never sleep in the center, I prefer the left side.
Going out in SA, TX. What we got..Racks on Racks on Racks!
awesome to see the use technology in Gov.
"Tell me who's doing something bad." - Me, to every person
mothers bistro?
Went to a highschool hockey championship game that was 3 1/2 hrs long! Six 14 minute periods and a loss, is tough!
Create your own definition of
For some reason I'm now getting a (free?) subscription to Whisky Advocate magazine. Marketers know me too well, apparently ...
#zonamaco12 not the same without your face everywhere
Social media is about to disrupt the fundamental way marketers think about customer acquisition, retention and growth.
*headdesk* RT I'm not sure what to make of all the Super Moon photos taken with a flash.
Jack Black is hilarious! Even as a cartoon panda he makes everyone laugh
what's your reasoning? Only way to provide univ insurance without mandating purchase of private good?
follow please (:
you to sir
Don't go through phones if u don't want you're feelings hurt
Embarrassed to admit I just heard while watching Gossip Girl but HOLY COW you guys, congrats!
My domain transfer from GoDaddy to NameCheap completed today. Now to make a donation to
Wow! 200 followers! Thank you to everyone who has followed! I guess
rip Ms. Whitney Houston
So Happy that your are a new follower for me! Enjoy the mountains of VA!
My wife found a fun new place, YogurTea, where if your yogurt weighs exactly 9 ounces, it's free! 's yogurt weighed 14 oz. haha
In the theater with the little bottles
Good morning boo! Happy International Woman's Day RT : Rise and shine!!!
Welcome to all our new followers! We love you guys!
Excellent choice.
Great times!! Thanks for the visit!
where were you? it was 1972.
Who else wants a free autographed CD? RT Signed !!! #thatswhatsup yfrog.com/nykmrcj
Thanks to , for supporting ICF/ID community!
And yes, I think whether you read a cv online or on paper must make a difference. Bring out the eye tracking software!
considering you don't even follow me...I have no chance. :(
still recovering from the best NYE party ever! Big thx to everyone who came out. What's next?...a lil country-western number.
Tonight: The Training Camp Showcase brings the V.P. of SHADY RECORDS (Eminem's label) to NYC. Club Pyramid, NYC. 9PM, 18+, $20. Sign up 7PM-
U r my everything love u
Loving the new lia sophia collection on style network!
Excited offered a Hannibal type role for a webseries. Fava beans anyone?
I was in art but I'm On my way home now lol
Laugh at stupid jokes. Cry. Apologize. Tell someone how much they mean to you. Live life, because tomorrow's not guaranteed to anyone.
Dappa,bout to rock it at the "after dark" with Mr. Kee. Its packed on a damn tuesday. Nobody does bizz on a fuckin' tuesday. Lol!
just stopped the car cause a boy didn't know what he was talking about involving
how to make cleaning cool? how to save time while cleaning? Things you hate to clean??? Arrrrgh! This is frustrating!
yea but he didn't win 3 before he won a ship
Drinking apple cider :) 'cause I'm freakin' cool ?
Jus got home from ACT im tired ,but might go play ball!!!
:D I wish too!
*What I Think About* Morning: Alex During school: Alex Afternoon: Alex Night: Alex Dreams: Alex never leaves my mind!<3
Using this at work tomorrow. RT : 80% of people have low self-esteem and are likely to put others down to make selves feel better.
#arentyoutiredof the same lunch and crappy hr stops. Love Seau's for Dog Gone Mondays and Taco Tuesdays.
ah lol! Tomorrow! Love you! I miss you :(
At O'Charley's getting my grub on. Had a few drinks and feel good.
money over bitches (;
I squished my foot , while I was closing the door now it hurts alot ..
42 days until Launch Day. Better get back to work!
At least I'll get to catch up on my work...Just praying I don't lose power. Ugh! I thought I left this hurricane nonsense in Miami.
rock on!
Now THAT'S some exciting fighting!! Bummer we couldn't see a 3rd round.
so unlike Jason Kidd not to make that shot, in light of his recent play in this series.
I'm a horrible friend... I'm sorry
Wow that is blessed could I get a follow & ask you a question?
REMINDER: Upload your pictures of
thanks for the follow
I don't understand our relationship. Sometimes we're friends, sometimes we're more then friends & sometimes I'm just a stranger to you.
50 Shades is easier to understand knowing a) it was originally self-published. b) it is Twilight fan fiction. But still.
Trying to believe...RT : Success is sweet and sweeter if long delayed and gotten through many struggles and defeats. A.B. Alcott
Dude. Told ya... RT lol damn my bad
Love and regret run hand in hand I regret leaving our love...
This correlates directly on my most recent post concerning web content and blogging. Thumbs up.
What is your Chinese new year resolution?
We are at a crossroads and it is time to ELECT a leader who will direct DISTRICT 2 in the right path. Please take a moment to log-on to...
Dang, I should have tried to sneak into that one. cc:
We are so excited for the next #LoL at on Feb 15 from 6-8! New Belgium taps on us! Presented with
Sorry for the spam messages u may have received from us. We were hacked. For the record, we don't know anyone saying "very bad rumors" abt u
Social Media for the SEO right now
Growing pains!...ACP is looking for new studio space to call home...give a shout if you know of a place!
Hoping the universe will balance out a little, please bring good vibes my way!
i hear it'll only get you to 6%, so I'll have to switch up at some point. You doing 3 days a week bench?
William Balfour has been found guilty
Thinking of and all of the good she does for young women.
I can't wait to try Wiredoo!
In Santa Anita's 1st, trains three runners including two first timers. I like #3 Castaway -- ridden by
So happy to see blown out, bouncy waves and natural yet glowing makeup on the runway @ Carlos Miele. Please, designers, no more braids!
ight ur place, ill bring love and basketball
Hey Flex I'm just here at our place visiting Juel then back to La Wed. However really like it here.
RT : Botanas for dinner! =awesome night! <<-- Thanks!
Donations of bedding, toiletries, & more needed for homeless seniors. Can you help? Organize a drive, donate to
Oh my gosh :o That's so sad :'(
Eye Disease Linked to Memory Decline: Study suggests .. "eye screening ... could potentially help identify people at risk for...
Waiting on word from Crosby Elementary. Roof gone from Tornado.
Nice. Maybe we could schedule lunch/coffee/beer?
Out and about!
Good morning! Hope everyone had a wonderful weekend.
hope i can go to the #west sometime
Life is the best school. God is the best teacher. Problem is the best assignment. Failure is the best revision.
Hear something New & Fresh with Adam Craig Band in the New Music Spotlight at 8!
I think Izturus needs to change his number. #3 hasn't worked so well with Yuni, and Yost.
This is just a great day in the city
Lol, Some People Think Because I Haven't Did What They've Done, I've Done Nothing. When I Look At Their End Result, I'm Glad I Didn't. :)
sounds like a microbiology test. You going to make it to the #NMSkiSwap this weekend? It's worth the drive.
It's hard to beat simple, honest food
hahaha you're so right that must be it
HEY ! HOW THE HECK R U?? Luv ya!
Make that chelsea vs. Barcelona
I consider the 13th phone call about my expiring Factory Warranty. They can help @ (773) 753.0974 yet my car's only 6 months old.
Time to grill
nice first pitch at tonight's Mets game. Lots of Mets and Yankees fans there...but all were Giants fans!!
Who would win in a guitar solo battle, Toby, Seth, or AyJay?
o stop you're making me blush :)
that's what girlfriends are for
The Dallas Mavericks are 8-0 ATS in the last 8 meetings with the Phoenix Suns
I used it all D: why?
Am I the only person that folds up ham takes a few bites and unfolds to see what it look likes?
Great book!
Did Josh Hamilton just hit the cards with the belt while the ref was knocked out?
Thanks for the follow
Stay tuned to today from 12-1pm. We'll be on live to discuss our May 20 festival.
I will sign when DNC goes 2 help in WI
. welcome to the #gsucadre. Looking forward to working with you.
Today's the Kentucky Derby. Did I tell you I was there when Secretariat won in 1973? It was amazing.
ur the 18th person who told me that and not really try jumping 5ft 2in in the high jump
Today is one of those days I wish I had an identical twin I could enslave in order get twice as much done.
The music game is ugly but the reward is nice...if you do it right
Thank you following
": I don't know why everyone just throws the c word around like it's nothing nowadays" lol
You continue to screw me over.
RT: Not only are boys incredible, inspiring, and currently promoting a fantastic book, but they are also phenom
It sucks that they're filming all these movies that have 2013 release dates.. don't they know
Good morning ! <U+2600>
My 2 y/o is eating baby corn for the first time. in "Big" would be so proud! ;-)
3 miles in 26 minutes, I feel accomplished ahha
omg whoa...that is really crazy! also, you are using Twitter more! yay!
“Being happy doesn’t mean that everything is perfect. It means that you’ve decided to look beyond the imperfections.”
no. just what I wanna do...go out and run into drunken old MSD classmates enjoying the only thing they do with their lives.
Finally my ela state exams are overr[: #ThankTheLord ! But still need the math next week -_-
nothing but net.
Ever humble! We'll just have to brag for you. Everyone here is so proud to be part of #TACC, and thrilled to be working w/ you. :]
$15,000 tax credit "available to all" regardless of income, is being pushed in the senate. Also wanting to extend credit by 1 year.
Wow, had opposite reaction. And it was shown to critics here Wednesday night --not shown in TC?
Strata Park is the modern system application of today<U+0092>s open plan office environment.
I've consumed a lot of crap too. When marathon are you training for?
no. we are good. thanks though.
The man says think big and act strong. oh yeah. I am on it.
I know we aint got no strings attached, but this could be a perfect match .
Why does everyone forget how to drive when it rains?
Lol I kno but I'm always calm bout things
Luke warm jello is not good.
it's the RISP that are left that freaking kill me! Something's gotta change here!
I could use the Golden Bough to teach reading comprehension for a chosen few, the marines of liberal studies
thank you for following Colorado's leader in affordable marriage and family therapy and in therapy training!
Ah, gotcha.
"I was made for sunny days, and i was made for you." ::the weepies::i was made for sunny days::
He's making me blush like a school girl lol
#Novak can't miss
Off to #Vegas for Super Bowl weekend, February 3-6, staying at the marvelous Good times ahead... My pick? for the win!
I'm determined to get everything fixed by Saturday.. even if its by myself
The best way to cherish & love something is to imagine you lost it. Never take a minute of court time for granted..it might be your last!
BUT I MIGHT JUST DARE TO SAY, THAT I LOVE YOU.
Totally! Which I own ;)
- I agree Juliet was terrific and the best of the night until Matai. I loved Matai, she is totally unique.
Posting up three crowd favorites today! Parisian Omelette, Colcannon Cakes AND Breakfast Pizza!
Why would you not just have a phone?
and my 7 yr old girl thinks they're ALL hilarious. *sigh*
nothing scares me more than Die Antwoord but why can I not look away.
Just finished the last episode of #TheWire. Shit. Now what?
#LifeWouldSuckIf There was no candy
We're excited too! Save the date 8/27! RT : Very excited that has decided to join us for our block party!!!
The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed. Richard Brinsley Sheridan
"I will never go bungee jumping. A rubber breaking was the reason I was born, it sure as hell isn’t going to be the reason that I die."
It's like I'm sad but happy, happy but sad.. WTF
I'm going to assign your piece in my class next semester. I was just wishing for a concise overview of exactly what you said!
There is a tea kettle and a newspaper subscription my Christmas list. And on my grandma's.
I know you are but im not talking about you I'm talking about out generation in general
someone stupid!
My dad <
is DESTROYING this late show in #Denver !!!
RKO :) gotta love it
Yay I will be on my first tv show on Spike Tv:) I will be an extra but first pay gig
I started earlier...maybe it's time to revisit!
hmm well atrau messages me saying I should go and he would pick me up but Kendall wants to go too I think? Idk
Happy birthday ! :D
Space based!!! Yesyesyes. Sci fi drama should be a more often used genre!
What to do today? Hm
do you really?
its only Tuesday and I've already got my Friday outfit picked out!
Defense man
it's going to be like that episode of The Office and the Fun Run. It's carbo-loaded.
time waits for no man,so what cha waitin on man?
If your not gonna say "NIGGA," don't say NINJA... or none of that shit, it just looks weak.
As we speak, my friend Terry at the U of M Bookstore is hand-delivering Caro's big new LBJ bio. After all the reviews, the genuine article!
just put the money in the bag
#youknowwhatannoysme When people blame me for something I didn't even know happened.
heading to #MCC with the Biz Kid$ Real team to do more fruit salsa experimentation
I am absolutely in love with my job at Starbucks.
Gotta pick it up!!!
they said it not me
It is past time stood with Wisconsin. He lets us fight alone unsupported throughout. unsupported by my fam
#HackingEdu is underway! Thanks to our sponsors for their support of Four Peaks Month.
what is up Rockies? Have we won ANY one run games this year? Maybe Michael Young at third was not such a bad idea.....we need help
Yeah no matter which way you look at it the optics aren't good. It's a clear elbow high. We'll see what happens.
We have moved to new office location in Queen Anne. Its creative space with high ceiling. Feels a little empty now. Still settling in.
excellent question!! (AL 5 words)
"it may not mean nothin to yall, but understand nothin was done 4me... So I dont plan on stoppin at all... Want this sh.. 4eva mane...."
Come to the Easter egg hunt at 9:30 a.m. on April 23! We'll also fun entertainment and games for the keiki!
Just followed them!
Where is Andre in rebounding?
its not evan like that i go from city to city just goto make my way back up there
:) thank you
": Rise & Shine Thank God & Grind"
Great job on 'The Last Word'! Kyt :j
so true!
I hate when somebody around you has BO but you're scared it's you so you keep smelling yourself like a crazy person. WEAR DEODORANT PEOPLE!
How about now? Is this thing on now?
Beauty is a curse on the world. It keeps us from seeing who the real monsters are.
"Ninety-eight percent of success is in the head and the heart." -Cathy Ferguson, Olympic swimming
Feeling stressed? Come in for a quick or long therapeutic massage. Go to www.massagedc.com for your $10 off coupon :)
I can't drink soda in the morning, it just tastes nasty!
Copycats cut bullshit.
YES. "Dr. Frederick Frankenstein: What a filthy job. Igor: Could be worse. Dr. Frankenstein: How? Igor: Could be raining. "
Tweet me a number and i will tell you which iconic boy
Nope. I blame Leno. and NBC
...you know you are wrong for that...lmmfao!!!!!
Paid Sick Leave hearing today- 5:30 at City Hall. Come to the Council Chamber to pack the house w/ supporters of a healthy Seattle!
do you know of a place where we can find good techniques for doing this(engines) ?
Major Payne is one of the funniest movies ever!!!
Today has been a productive day off. I love running errands with a certain someone. :)
LA Sun+Rooftop Pool+Hot Girls+House Music=The Good Life
Partying with the Harry to my Louis tonight. =3 Partying = Eating & being lazy.
Sendoutcards Business Presentation tomorrow 4/26 (Thu) 6PM @ The Terrace Club -7th Fl, NYC If you are entrepreneurial, check it out.
I wear mine all year round :)
sorry Sunday!
I dislike your avi -_- you look like a vampire nigga
Gearing up for the final final. Finally.
I wish I was kidding when I tell you that I just bought a new laptop so I could play Sims 3.
RT Who got some birthday cake!? Its my Birthday!
NAMM was great this year. Very positive vibes all week! Our west coast sales manager had twice the # of dealer appointments as last year!
today were buying tickets!!!!!!!!!!:D
RT : RT : Watch talk games and more on Gerneration Gamer: Life Plugged In...
I just started. Any recommendations?
holy crap. you are smoking hot.
Found a book on Chip Kidd for $8 at McKay's. I'm a Chip Kidd fan now.
miss ya too Alii! Hope you're good. Come hangout soon!
funny how my baby waves to me after he's been #bfing for at least five minutes.
It takes a boy ro create a baby & a man to raise one
Happy Birthday honey!
Think I'm coming :)
W-Limo launches it's newest promotional campaign "Stab The Cab" to encourage YOU to swap a dodgy cab for a luxury sedan service 847-655-2559
ESPN: I'd rather pass a kidney stone while listening to pitbull than be informed by you about women's sports. Shut the fuck up
Frog and Toad Are More than Friends
Here come the waterworks
well, two days ago technically I guess.
Thanks for including Mandy's #SpiderMan post!
I am who I am. You can say whatever you want about me. I won’t change. Your approval isn’t needed or wanted.
[5] Israel expels every "settler" & soldier from Gaza (2005) –> Palestinian rocket attacks increase x10, ...
RT : We must stop giving people hell here on earth and then praying they get to heaven
Sean Spence is a very Bad man..Welcome to the Steeler Nation:)
I'm tired of seeing him constantly get hurt..
Thanks to all our new followers! #FF Happy Friday!
Chapter 2012 Page 73 of 366 Snap out of it and go do what needs to be done.
We were honored to have a visit from this week as they bike across country to raise awareness for homeless pets....
RT : Then the next day trying to make Communion for and
I'm sorry sir, I don't understand? Please elaborate :)
So blessed by the people around me. Music & Family
i know my dad said i could have a yard sale at the concert you want to buy a toaster:) .. jk i need to get to work on that!
What is happening?!?! SNL has rocked it 2 weeks in a row! Holy cannoli!!!
“ Can I get a text msg?”
When they knock you down you gotta get back up #TI (but make sure you bob & weave)
forget the wrist injury....look who UNC has to face.
It'd be really awkward to have yoyr tweet retweeted 49 times because then you don't get that cool 50+ retweets.
...2 yrs since Hughes was even remotely good. How much longer are we going to wait?...<Maybe the wait is over?...
I do love Derek Jeter
Haters can eat it for all I care, they dont stop us :-)
easyy give it time
Memphis gonna win this series if CP3 ain't 100%..
what you mean INDY won't be playing the celtics because their on the other side of the bracket
Activate your muscles with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Wishing you a speedy recovery
Hey Mommy ;) Yeah, I Finally Went To Sleep :) I Listened To Some Songs By The Amazing Group U-Kiss :D I <3 Them So So Much :D
#LLN910 Bottom line: libraries add. We still buy print & add online; QR codes add to visible graphics; chat & SMS supplemnt in-person
Verizon Customer Service: Staffed by Blockheads? You decide!
2 fingers is the limit
Doin me how u bout u gurl
if you're against prostitution- stop sleeping with hookers
omg. they have dora pillow pets? just saw one at the mall!
Hey everybody. Anybody wants a shout out. For our 100th Podcast show?
It may look like chaos, but that's just the theory
RT Don’t always be funny, don’t lose your character.
Professor Renardo Murray, Assistant Director Of Bands Rejoins The 2010 MLK High School Battle Of The Bands-Houston As Adjudicator.
Good company. Thanks for the mention.
who's penis is smaller? Mark Zuckerberg's or 's ?
I hate feeling like this.
how about 5) not having to fly on USAirways to get there?
Got an email from my school today. "Please come to pick up your diploma".... YAY!!!! How sweet it is!
Why isn't #Fringe on ? I forgive, I know it's old one. Just hand it over and no one will get hurt
Well, it's Friday and pay day so I can't complain...good week! How about you?
Sundance Update: Danny Devito just parked me in next to a porta-john.
heyy this is my new twitter :) please follow me back. thanks
YES so happy they renewed show!!! Love it!!
text me back :(
Finally got Billings 3 up and running on my new computer. Yay!
Yeah I understand! At least you have your friends with you though, I gotta look on the bright side.... But there really
It's a beautiful day in Beverly Hills
The same thoughts run thru my head every morning.
Lies Pon Lies ..... ah lie she ah tell lmaoo
Austin Texas friends October 6, support my dear friend, ! He will be blessing y'all! A show you can not afford to miss...
At the IMAX Theater finally gonna see Wrath of the Titans
Have to stay positive...Doing that by surrounding myself with other positive people who are go getters & action takers!
Attending a Free Business Roundtable conducted by SCORE & Capital One Bank Oct 7. 2010-Woodlands scorehouston.org
HELLz YEa I might go c #TheWomanInBlack on FRIDAY #PartyOn!!!!
sure i want to :O what do I have 2 do? and wanna take part too
I need a haircut.
Sin city we goop!
David Freese...the Big Chill
Oh, yea. After that trailer, I had any screening pegged as a suicide mission. Figured it deserved an equally cloying song response
50 cent wings until 7. Come warm up with a rockin HH!
yaya finally finished my project! praise da lord jesus
GRRR SO MAD AT HIM LOVE U BIG SHOW!!!
Whoa, that's a strange policy!
“: Humble yourself & you will be given the world. #TDL” I'm not so sure about that... Sounds good though
Good practice, ready for tomorrow!!
please follow my new account !
One photo 531 out of 1011 from Gypsy Moon Dancers workshop....
Best vodka on the planet. The fact that it's from Alameda just makes it that much cooler.
your son is AMAZING & so INCREDIBLE! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> #PSandersGoingBIG #PSandersFansLoveMamaSanders <21
I just talked w the owner of Ben Rich. They showed me an early preview of their new lines (WOW)!
I respect overexcitement! And pooh-poohing a festival lineup is pretty Old Jaded Man of me anyway.
actually the basketball player -- but that's good to know
night twitter:).!.
Much appreciated!
DVR is all set and ready for the new season of - starting tonight!!
Boy: My father's name is LAUGHING and my mother's name is SMILING. Teacher: You must be kidding ? Boy: No,thats my brother.I'm JOKING...*
I wasn't on it at first, but Frank Ocean won me over... The boy is soulful
fuck, the butt of all my jokes is gone...
March 1862... The U.S. government issues paper money for the first time
Apparently April is National Grilled Cheese Month. I now have 24 days worth of celebrating to make up for.
Wrangling up facts for the annual Seminary Fact Book. I like to think of it as a gift to the seminary archivists of the future.
: yeah they did-___- | how many points ?
they won't be as good \m/
Just by providing a good example as a parent, a friend, a neighbor makes it possible for other people to see better ways to do things
#Tito #Francona should put Showalter in his place.
New 7 Blue Skies tracks being mixed by Ron St. Germain. Keep an eye out!
He just made my day
Dear diary, a chipmonk asked me my name today, I told him it was a Jo, that lie will haunt me forever.. haha funniest thing xD
lol only because my friends are too dark
Curse you, James Loney!
I have no clue. It was just a wonderful little store nearby. Oh, the candies, candied fruits, & other savory treats. *swoon*
You looked cute from far away.
Glamorama is my all time favorite book. I also liked The Secret History by Donna Tartt, who was friends in college with BEE.
#DEFCON : good talk about cloud services and GPU's for password breaking. If your password is only worth $3 k, keep using 8 characters.
#bruins and pizza with the girlies!!
Raja from drag race is performing at the gay bar next to the theatre in Houston on NYE... May have to stop over!
ellie douglass xx I'm in year 8 an I think u are too x u were wif patsy mulhern xx ur on the other side of the year too mee xx
Yesterday it hit me like a bolt out of the blue: Sigourney Weaver is one of my all time favorite actresses.
Watching Springsteen. All I can think of is, " Hey T.".
Its coming sooner than you think Fanny pack! See you Thursday for the special roll? Haha.
#EricNorthman, Eric and more Eric. and to see what the do with
agreed! Haha classic Indiana! “: Props to Indiana for still having those candy cane striped warm ups.
My dad, who literally threw his tv away when everything went digital, is trying to learn Facebook. This should be interesting.
GO CHECK OUT #PAINKILLERS ON #DATPIFF!!!
At soundtrack studios w woman at work!!
Just did my bootcamp DVD for the first time in a while and man, I'm embarrassed at my cardio fitness. Damn near died:(
yes it is
Dear God, man. Wth kind of karma is coming at you?
Great news then irritating news, then more great news. First there was a mountain, then there was no mountain, then there is.
'Mad Men' and 'Rubicon'!
Mom question: I'm looking for an indoor place where I can go and let my 7mo old crawl. My living room just not cutting anymore. Any ideas?
Thanks to everyone who participated in out #FollowFriday contest! Winner will be announced soon!
Portland Timbers up 1-0, at 88th minute, over Kansas City.
They say Taylor was a good girl.
Hey Matt, try Las Vegas on the 4th of July. High of 106 today with humidity up quite a bit. 27%. Wally Hanson
Museum fans and visitors! What do you wish museums were doing more of with social media? Reply w/ #musesocial to be part of the convo.
BOO, that stinks RT RT for a free entree at ! It's a shame that we here at the office are ineligible to win :(
Looks like a great oppty to publicly mess with Fox's marketing people, though...
RT : Good morning, all! Say hello to , tweets from the first woman to run for president!
my 5 year old sister just looked at me and said "DANCE MOMS IS ON TONIGHT!"
in an effort to match our entertainment to our current weather conditions and i are enjoying The Donner Party movie
I want to be the guy who places the seal of the Vice President on podiums.
Good show with Irie Sol at the Cabooze tonight. A cool, unique blend of funk, reggae, horn lines, free styling, and beat boxing- Good Times!
The Mission Theatre is not going to know what hit it when School of Rock rocks out to Stevie Wonder in a few months.
Come see me tonight for Bloulevard Wheat Pints for $3...Enjoy our rooftop with DJ AK starting at 9pm.
Just got done with rehearsal.
when is Aries going to find his true soul mate? Success with new LP etc
OMG! Just got a couple of boxes of items donated at the desk. Some real finds and some just fun. 1981 souvenir curling rock personal fave!
Amazing workshop last night Lauren... Thanks for the insights and your passion for acting!
oh :P omfg! Josh's sister just accepted my fb friend request xD
can you say bye-bye Heath Bell?!! I can see him moving on soon...at least he's going to the Rangers...csb
Thinking About You by
poker is like white water rafting. Floating seems like a good plan until you get barreled.
Well then everything is logical fallacy bc no job loss/creation can be permanent on a long enough time frame.
Are u ready for "sustainable development"?
#GrandpaFred Yup. I think it's that Burl Ives thing. What's that? Yeah. That's why. I'm. Doing the uh. Son. Put that on channel one. My hand
i found it. O.M.F.G IT WAS WHEN I WAS 1SIMPSONSYMTOMS. :'O
The new web-based Flickr Uploader is REALLY FAST. 2 videos in under a minute. WOW!
The only two things I buy in party-size: hummus and Jelly Bellys.
What i miss??
Hooray for thunder. Hooray for rain. Hooray for the lighting not really starting until I finished walking home.
YOU HAVE TO WAKE UP HUNGRY, THIRSTY FOR MORE GOD THEN YOU HAD ON YESTERDAY
I can already tell how tonight ends too.
finally realizing that I don't deal well with stupid people. Is that a strength or a weakness though?
Nice! My dad went there too and then worked in Tifton for a while as the Ag Cooperative Extension agent.
immaculate conception lmfaoo
Watching Malcolm X movie.
lol aw....that would be nice. Thank You!
I Love You
No API? What about RSS or badges?
#Thingsbabymamassay IF I CANT HAVE YOU NO ONE CAN.........NIGGA DO YOU KNOW I WILL KILL YOU??......(with a serious face too) smdh
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
All SD hair/makeup artists/teams -- email Sherry for possible work! Must have pro website and pro attitude! sherry
I wanna go swimming ://
yea bra I did..! It was fun too! Thanks for the support cuz!
welcome to Twitter!
Well, it's not like the governor of Florida has any real vested interest in hurricane preparedness.
i do!
Uan gotta lie to me .. But WE going to Raymond graduation ? Cause uan been tryna spend time with a real nigga dawg .
I stick my dick in the naughty place.
RT We're auctioning foursome at Erin Hills for Children's Hospital. As a bonus (or not), I will loop for you. Call 414.799.1965 bid
Hey Katherine - happy to be part of your reading list.
any luck the move?
There are several trains a day!
no not quite lol that sounds like a PA dear
Cheers to peein'
Come find out about us!!!!
For people who decry the unnatural with such vehemence, the Republicans sure hate the natural functions of the human body.
me too , well im at mcdonalds .... but why you home ?
Twitter has so much going on its hard to keep up
Its sad how people can be so ungrateful & they still expect people to keep doin for them. Time for a MAJOR reality check!
lol let me quit... I'm too goofy.
dear Facebook...What gives?? Blocking me from adding people I actually know??!! Sorry everybody..this really sucks.
I'M A BIG TIME BELIEBER.
Our dressing room is the basement at the civic auditorium... Safe to say its EXACTLY like a scene from a horror film...
S/O to Much Love
be quiet Anna! Lol. I only pay $15 a month at my gym.
It's Official - The hashtag for Destination ImagiNation Global Finals 2012 is #IDODI. Please tag DI and Globals related posts w/
“: -- aka Ted Perry from Fox 6 -- will grace The A-List corner of The D-List at 11 a.m.” But listen anyway!
RT Finally awake. Time to walk to el cafe And have an evil fry up. The diet starts Monday. Nowt else to do today.
Between 40 and 50 percent of Americans who live to age 65 will have either skin cancer at least once.
Got 12 in a short amount of time!
I cut my court reporting teeth in Miami! Thanks for following.
Ah I'm so sorry I forgot to text you back! It's been such a busy day...
... for 800m Gold
A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle.
Kentucky won!!!!!! Yeah buddy! Anthony Davis all day!
Boston>>>>>>>new york>>>>>>los angeles
going to guapo's tonight to get me a sang-arita or two (that exists)
. I didn't think I drank much, but I could've sworn I saw someone in the mirror as we were leaving.
Contrary to what ANYONE says about tonights event NO HOT female will pay any type of cover @ Colony tonight!
I'm great and yourself?
62 & sunny at Grove today...along with $3.75 glasses of Viognier all day...their might be an impromptu patio party. Someone bring a guitar.
Thinking the Brandon Roy autographed shoes will be a big winner for the kids of the foundation. Maybe, too, the Kevin Durant tix
I want to go to hell right now lol
Wondering if your adopted because your the only sexy one in your family.
Live for something larger than yourself, starting today.
I think I have the worst following/followers ratio of anyone on Twitter.
'Ethoipia is the birthplace of coffee and Addis Ababa is a cafe city. People here drink it like they invented it' -Megan Verlee
RT : " I got you something. c: kinda like a late birthday present. (;" I HOPE IT INVOLVES YOUR MOUTH
coptop or die
Hey you, be radical, love your body!
blame the caesars? Sept=7, Nov=9 Dec=10 too But no, Julius &Augustus had to have months of their own...
i'm so tired of these damn blood tests. i've had about 8 in the past week, i went to the doctor 4 times this past week, too.........
Congrats to Dr. William Satuno for his new Maya finds! We can not wait to hear more details.
dirk will outscore lebron tonight... and will be buying me lunch tomorrow!
Yeah! I just made a RT and won. \(^_^)/ I check their twitter account weekly to see if they have any other contests.
Some days I wake up and i just wonder how is it that #unemployment is so high and no one is doing anything about it.
Colorado Authorities carrying out intense ground search for missing balloon boy, "Falcon".
When you like us, our job postings will appear in your news feed, and your friends can see job postings! Help your friends!
“: thanks!!! We appreciate it. From myself and ” totally agree!!
Precious is such an intense movie!
Well my first day was interesting. But of a mental jam with all the info. But that's to be expected initially.
check your stats. Who has better? As of now,
LA folks: "My Life with Carlos" at USC SCA today 2 pm (free admission!) - part of the Politics of Memory on Screen series
X foxtotally X -- I like to watch, though
Im so tired & hungry D: too many projects >_<
omg would watch the heck outta that.
Hi John, Justin here with NBA TV. Do you happen to know in which part of the game the punch took place? Thanks in advance!
congrats on working towards your MS degree...we're all proud of you here at Capella!!! Keep up the great work!
Nobody's a natural. You work hard to get good and then work hard to get better
Spurs win to take 3-0 series lead over Jazz
those awk sex scenes in movies where everyone is dead silent and you can hear people eating... <U+E40C><U+E419>
I am really good! How about yourself? Still doing P90X2? Phase 3 here :)
being conceited and knowing that you look good is two totally different things
nice to see you yesterday. Sorry I was rushed. Had a bird to roast. Happy holidays.
Lol was serious when he said he was getting a life
What is your favorite quote? One of mine is: "A room without books is like a body without a soul". ~Cicero
Now following !! ;)
Happy Holidays. :)
That's why I'm so quick to tell somebody to kiss my ass;
Sorry to hear about N'Digo magazine. Guess it's just another sign of the times.
lol that's my sister but she was tweeting our mom's name! :)
. You inspire me!
I woke up this morning thinking about us and I love us :)
I feel sick to my stomach.
Todd Coffey to the disabled list due to a freak injury while doing the truffle shuffle
Why, ? Why take the simple "Single page" link away?
Cousins throws it away. It'll be 3rd-and-3.
Definitely worth exploring. Artists supporting community is great. We like interesting spaces. But we also need support.
Can't wait to meet you this Sunday for the wine tasting session. It will start at 5pm.
wonderful meeting you...send me your recipes!
great week! one issue is the girlfriend is being fucken worthless!
Best Kaleo sermon I've ever heard.
Romance is dead - it was acquired in a hostile takeover by Hallmark and Disney, homogenized, and sold off piece by piece.
have fun with them ;) and make sure to give them back tomorrow :)
Life can make you BITTER...or it can make BETTER!
Come out to Mingle with Our Mutts today at the new Franklin County Dog Shelter! Mingle with our Mutts is held on the first and third...
With the bff :]
Being attractive is not an excuse for being a shitty person.
And a special thank you to Daniel Beaujouan for arranging that interview!
Oh, the trash talking begins. More like 3 hrs till a major upset! What section r u in? FYI: Pre-game drinks at UVillage Ram! 5:30
Had a one day workshop at #Temple U. today, wasn't thrilled about it until lunch time. Man, I missed the lunch trucks. Go Owls! & Trucks!
CLO...I <3 it! Thx for following and be sure 2 chk out 4 the latest in marketing, advertising, pr & graphic design!
#takipedenitakipedsdfksdgs what the hell is this? Asksjfdhjerjkfs??
get over it, y'all
Oh my god i can't i need to finish this cd
One hour of sleep for the last day of classes because of an English paper...
RT : #flatirons you don't own your tele # or IP address. But what about its relationship with your identity?
he's really nice.
Already excited!
#WeLoveYouAustin Forever & Always.. <U+2665>
": just being real #CHICAGO is my life and my city" I feel the same way. Follow back
Dinner with my brother at our favorite Indian spot...
Happy Mother's Day! Today we're shooting round 2 of our #summer2012 promo videos. Stay tuned for some sneak peeks!
not, this pizza is pretty great :) and I like greek drama :)
Question 2: [for guys] If you meet a sexy female and when you go back to her place, her house is filthy and disgusting....do you still hit?
just got done cooking
Happy to have #NOTS in #Cleveland! RT : Thanks to for providing info for guest and visitors of NOTS confrence.
Rick Santorum randomly pinches off old peoples oxygen hoses.
The first wave of tsunami hits west coast.
I like 's quote he just posted.
The Roadhouse, #grading, laundry. Less exciting than #radiohead and #MiikeSnow, but not bad.
I'm In the Uk jst for one day who says I'm coming back today rawrr
About to sleep so hard.
Do you want a clue?
Are you still camping out on our bar stool? Glad to hear you dig our beers. Cheers!
That was quite a rainmaker in downtown! Watch for ponding on roads. More storms still building. We are not done yet.
Granola Munchies
I don't care what is written about me so long as it isn't true. ~ Dorothy Parker
the unit is on West Africa and I was planning a "dessert" type project (board game) I am now trying to adjust it to pbl
Where you at I am gone be at Dizzel Crib hit my line we gettin wasted and recording all night till the morning
use a simple BMR calculator to find your BMR, Once found any calories consumed under that # you will lose, over that # will gain
Nice suits! Way to go!
1968 Historical Calendar of the Navajo People. Read it and GetItGone.
We finally fixed the staff page of our website. Check us put at www.huellaslatinasconcertseries.com
Looking forward to the day!
To adopt kids, foreigners shed live-in tag - Deccan Herald
big vic..im ready when you are..DONT worry about MONEY we r all good fam!!!!y know how we do!!!
cool! exciting, y or coffee!
watching 20/20 "Pet Crazy" showing all the crazy things pets do.... & Giggy the dog.. <3 it! :) so happy!
maybe I have to wait for someone to sign some important papers and then make copies then turn them in. When are you going?
Bahahaha he is from Spain! :p
Speaking of which, we here need to renew our subscription to your Book Series. Will do so promptly!
Tonight Chicago's living up to her nickname.
Iron Man star Justin Bieber but Justin is only in 3 scenes, Justin will be Tony Starks in his teens.
Whether you are a student in Canada, the United States, Europe or Australia, MBA online learning offers you anytime/anywhere convenience
I love the time before and in between the holidays! Inbox down to just 15 emails to follow up on. Nice!
It's actually more fun being sick together! Except, he's super crabby right now. Boys are big babies.
I love you like a love song baby. <3
so you dont hit tha gym no more? and all i need is a purple band and them 115 lbs weight set?
All you #YOLO ass muffuggas don't even know wtf that shit means.. Do your research people! there's nothing (cool) about that shit
Cold. Bored. Hungry. Have homework to do. Need to shower.
I would hope MLS would have better things to do with their time than chase after UK_MLS because of their logo use!
Finished The Hunger Games!
ok good. Nothing violent. Phew!!
That's right. I remember you were at RWA and he cut his hand all up.
thanks friend
Thanks. Am hoping it won't keep me from going, but I really can't plan anything right now. I was so excited too.
Why not take use of sleep mode to earn more time to get your charger.
I love the UC Boulder air quality app's intuitive visual - a cartoon sunflower. Health of the flower represents current air content.
#RnBThrowBacks mint condition - pretty brown eyes
thanks and i hope he does
Eating sushi= classy. Getting it from 7-11=ghetto. #what?!imhungry
RIGHT?!! RT : Why are all you people still watching "Smash"? Don't you have ANYTHING better to do?
Im eating muffins.F4F anyone?
Yes I am too!
Lol. Ive had the free credit report.com song stuck in my head. RT Ive been singing the " hot pocket" commercial song all day
The consequences of today are determined by the actions of the past. To change your future, alter your decisions today.
Watch a heartwarming story of a little girl diagnosed with a brain tumor and the surprise she got from Cops Fighting Cancer. Real-PR-Media
He's a clutch player. It was an epic choke job for sure, but you can't freak out over one. Context needed.
I shall when I'm in #lexvegas. You should name a beer, "Sinking Boat." A crazily hopped IPA, perhaps?
It can be fun to find creative ways to bring old and new tech together in a single activity.
oh hai guise, how you doing.
Test Kitchen tips: Easter egg decorating ideas
": If you met somebodys mother AND father, know they REAL full name & come to family events, your important to them! #fact"
I have a plan I just haven't used it yet
cannot argue that!
Well, yes, in between moments of holding my breath when she's 30 feet in the air for real:)
Oh nothing
I swear i better get #BelieveTour tickets. If i dont, my life will be over
Some artists are horrible live and totally off key. #AMA's
Yup. We're spinning up EC2 as we speak.
That was not what I expected at all
I want more, wanna see it, so I'm asking you tonight! FEMME FATALE
saying "yeah we do know."
Ten percent of Americans 12+ use twitter but 90 percent have heard of it says
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great."- Unk
New Bing SERP is clean and simple. Wouldn't be surprised to see Bing go in the Metro direction in the future.
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!77
It's such a wonderful thing that people can't read my mind...
It's funny how every one thought the Knicks were gonna be contenders for like a month.
Follow back please??(:
this shyt cray doe low scoring ass game
How do you put tax on holes?
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 77F MOSTLY CLOUDY
I love this retro drinking card. Good stuff, Project Cocktail. Good stuff. Happy St. Patrick's weekend!
I'm pretending that everything is great. Pls don't interrupt my performance....ps. This showing is free, but all others will cost you!
I love markers!
Whoa. RIP Davy Jones. People said he monkeyed around, but he was too busy singin’ to put anybody down.
In my head, I hear the voice of Morgan Freeman or Walter Cronkite reading this. Yes, #ihearvoices RT: Live. Love. Texas.
lol I'll write do not understand the question
Happy #CincodeMayo #Baltimore. will be crazy tonight!! Make sure you are there for the biggest party in the city.
Keynote speaker DeeDee Garcia Blase, former Repub activist, helped recall #Arizona senator Russell Pearce, proponent of
Carnival style mini-donuts would be a great addition to the menu!
"I miss you a little, I guess you could say, a little too much, a little too often, and a little more each day"..<\3
Goose bumps suck.
WHOA. Ellie is Asian. Racism.
Thanks for the RT!
Are you funny? I'm LOL funny. - Sean Brody
I totally agree!!
Where you at? I'm in West LA/Venice
Just started my own blog and I'm quite unsure if I like this website I'm using. Going to test some more. :)
Primo 360 + girls + free wifi = best place to work, ever
Love this crazy show! "Wanted to officially announce to you all that [Rosie Pope's] #pregnantinheels S2 will premiere Tue May 15 at 10p EST"
officially part of
Staying up all night making road trip plans for the #RockyMntnFolksFest! Going better than I thought on short notice, but still a lot to do!
haha so how was your day(:
check us out on groupon
DQC's Amy Guidera Key Successes and Challenges emphasizes lack of empowerment if stakeholders are to make informed decisions
can i hear that "Pauly D" by drink away the pain!!
south Alabama is strongly after White Oaks Levi Yancy
The man that knows something knows that he knows nothing at all
This exhibition is a wonderful example of the power of objects to reveal the complex worlds of the past and to make meaningful...
Coming up later today: my review of from our visit Saturday night
I want to be the girl that changed everything, the girl that made a difference, that girl that gave you a story to tell.
check with
like creationism? Or not mentioning homosexuality? Or abstenance only sex ed?
what can we bring?!
At the gym trying to get better
Guiliano Oliviero serving penalty for Hammes, as he is having an injury (arm) attended to
Lol if my girl ever went thru some undercover shit I'd feel special. She might already have tho ? O.o
Rick Moranis looking ass. That's a compliment btw
lol what??? No??? U look 23-24 at least! Well no free shirts for u at the bars in Wrigley in a few weeks haha
Thank you sir for the RT!
No expensive stuff//// all you need is here: www.bluebookbuy.com great info $$$ for yourself
Just watched 's #lifelove&music latest webisode. Definitely bomb!! Her drive gets me more excited about the next album
Knitting problem solved! Now if only I didnt have to do homework all day...
Will we have another report from the saucer tonight?
Mark your calendars for 5/12 - Wild Ride at the Zoo!
Haters are like crickets. Crickets make a lot of noise, you hear it but you can't see them. Then right when you walk by them, they're quiet.
So I think I'll be redesigning The Villa web site! The Villa is a great little place for weddings, parties, etc, in midtown Kansas City.
Today is my daughter's Bday! I'm lucky to have her and appreciate and love her immensely!!!!<U+E328><U+E328><U+E328>
Working on the t-shirt design. Dave: "maybe we should make Dirty Birds khakis instead?"
young go hard
...Sending light and love to my followers ~ Have a fabulous weekend!.
When girls aren't loyal<<<<<
Last three pages of "One Hundred Years of Solitude" just gave hopelessness to the hopeful. Most powerful words I've read in a while.
Music is my bestfriend, it always knows what to say to make it all okay.
c u spoon:)
that is the real Willie Davis! :)
its great!!! I really like it
Wow just watched my 2 dvr'd shows #personofinterest & #scandal worth staying up late for
Just realized I'll be in Vegas for the FA Cup final.
How many guys do you have to be with before you labeled a whore
RT : Hey ! At the rate libraries r closing, your book club will be the only 1 left! Need your voice!
have you all check out our big brother (he's not our real bro but he is family- all day)
It is so nice to finally get a positive report from the school about my boy. I really needed that.
Take mental reps then go hard in da paint! Take no prisoners!
:O stop that now.. really?
how did I know you would be the first to respond?! Cray cray
Stop interrupting the flow of JVM's interviews
Listen to Froggy 98.3 today for a cut from the Sticker's latest release - mixed at Market Street Sound.
Nice. What exactly is RRCA running?
lol u r always busy! Me? Did nothing today.
Photo shoot today in the Village... if you find us we'll give you free hugs!!
Any ladies interested in being a promotional model? Looking for ladies in your area! Flexible work. Message me 4 details
nun much just working
First a tailgate party after my last shift of work.... now Bar Louie with GCal & :D
So I bought my mom a shirt and she dirtied it by working on the garden. That made me laugh x)
Cbiscuit comes through
Donna Summer, Queen of Disco, Dies: Celebs Tweet Condolences
Not yet! But we will soon!
5 ... always a winner
I can't wait to look over these tweets. Wednesday is our all-frosh Model UN with live tweets from using #lmsaun #sschat Join us!
bahahaha. So wrong.
Today's #MarvelMarathon kicked ASS! Thanks go to and for joining us for the AVENGERS prep. Loved it.
Mabey will make a appearance at practice today
it's only natural to do that if you want to show off your Braun.
When One Direction comes on & Jason & I get a SUPER energy bolt to sing THE WHOLE SONG loudly in the car...
Lol, he needs to open his eyes that's for sure
Congratulations to the dancers of the Greater Buffalo Youth Ballet on a beautiful performance of Sleeping Beauty last week!
There's nothing worse than seeing your mom cry :c
I need to go shopping! Care to join me?
word. Oh yeah whats good with thats verse, i was hoping to get on the third verse
lmao its tough
Contacts r a bitch if u don't need to waer them don't they hurt n make ur eyes red no bueno at all I say but that's just me..
Pepper jack burger w/ deep fried pickles on top and fries for $8.29!!
I'll actually be getting paid to do some social media work this summer.
Going on an adventure. Lawlz
Back on Empire Avenue, come invest? (e)602KID Enjoy the weekend!
Just bought new comedy special video and even his confirmation emails are hilarous, he needs to perform live somewhere I"m at
Go Badgers tonight!
Danby Marble Available For Residential And Commercial Construction
You wont believe this unique software to get traffic to your webpage. on.fb.me/nOc1US
good chance they do. But they'll pick the best player available
wishes it was friday
it's never too late!
pretty sure i just ate a bunch of foil #shouldibeworried???
Managing relationships is a large part of working in the community. Prerana Reddy
There are countless children who are doing the right thing...they deserve this happy noise...: )
oh lol I was just wondering
I hate, HATE, when ppl whisper and we can all hear what they're saying. It's so fucking annoying, either shut up or talk normal.
girls with big asses freak me out 2...... lol
Yes, whats your email addy ~ Thanks
your weird ...
2 month check up went good for Jack. He got vaccinations & got some groovy neon band-aids! He's average weight but short! Go figure...
Times square is so beautiful.
- Never too late doll! #TrendsTues is still happening! Love her jewelry! Mixed metals are so hot rt now! xox
and of course G
RT : Java with Steve Stratz from was great. Always nice to hang with someone who _gets_ it. Thx Jeff. Great 2 connect
nite! it's 7 p.m. here right now. :)
i coldent agree more
i gotta learn to read code quick!
they can come to On Deck and wait in line! You were great to me and my friends. People like elevator guy are just creepy..
Being sick really sucks <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7> <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
“: thanks” you're welcome. Everyone please <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> for a friend of mine, she cannot find her cat.
To the mall!
haha thank you(:
Gearing up for responsive design class at 10 at #cmsexpo #cmsx. I decided to use deck.js using #CSS3 and #HTML5 for this one. Should be fun!
I can't believe in all the movies I've seen with a genie nobody's ever wished for their clothes to come out of the dryer already folded.
Goodmorning Miss Lady Hope All Is Well ... Passing Thru
sure I got a bunch of pics
Watch #Trueblood with V-Blood and/or Sour Fairy Dust see vblood.com
I swear auto correct! Lol I ment welcome(:
Thanks very much! So happy you enjoyed Desperate Housedogs. :-)
WithoutDelayBand.com is up and running in 3 months we wil have the high tech site but for now check it out!
Our pleasure. What a terrific project!
Where is ?
I wish I could drop everything and read too! Thanks for the rt!
Gotta new phone. Same number. Give me yo numba!
brb growing toe-nails a second.
omg I know but it's a bird what are they gonna do and look at that tumblr post about being metal omg
If you're flying AA out of Vegas. Baggage check-in est. 1hr. Use the Sky Caps.
Thanks! Those people like you too.
I hope you're happy with this pain you just put me through. :(
Going real well, how was Vegas over the holidays?
So I guess it isnt a good idea to take Adderal if you plan to sleep
yeah stayed home. woke up feeling worse than yesterday. Right now other than a slight headache... I feel normal
I like my coffee with heavy doses of caffeine in it. That's my only requirement. :)
It's what you do all of the time that counts
thnx again. Looking forward to ur certified app store.
35 cent wings til midnight. Team trivia starts at 8pm
Locked into with and Possibly my favorite hour of the month.
I speak of roti.
Its playing on our lobby - oh wait no its not jk go about your day
I love going to sleep when I've had a great ass day. Sleep is 100% better.
i get major anxiety when i'm in a small place with lots of people
Hello Washington D.C.
need more followers #follow and watch your number of followers increase she #followsback and
Headed to #University Graduation just in time for the hymn ~ICe!
omg me too! olalala ;)
Help for Haiti Auction Item: Own City tickets for the House of Blues starting at $150.00! Let's triple that! Call 781 595 WFNX (9369)!
Man, people in Boston sure do love to smoke cigarettes.
two words "jamaican winters" lol
fuck no we are only friends I'm way beyond gay nigga
follow back pretty lady
what do you want? I'm in Honduras?
Have to start wearing hat, though.
1 of the best songs of 2011 would be #JustCan'tGetEnough That switch up was not a joke.
Haven't slept for two days
I need to be sleep. Gotta wake up at 4
Guys stop hating becuz she met the ICONic Boyz! She did nothing!
VP Jason Anderson now testifying on SD job growth at the Select Committee on Job Creation for the New Economy, chaired by
Dreary rain this Monday morning in DC. Ick. But the good news: #TheBachelorette starts tonight! Can't wait!
Mitt Romney's hair still looks like Paulie Walnuts from the Sopranos.
Each speaker is responsible for posting their own slides. We will try to retweet when a speaker lets us know something is up.
MP Clay will be bringing the most gorgeous clay creations to #CraftinCarnival! Come for the cotton candy & pick up a handmade mug!
Performance golf programs available this Spring. Balancing golf and life. Learn to have better focus, confidence and presence.
OMG CONGRATS! I AM SO PROUD OF YOU!!!!<3
Senior pictures tomorrow! Woohoo :)
I Cried When released the BORN THIS WAY video.
that's what I'm talking about .. Clipper Darrell is the # 1 Clipper fan through thick and thin
Wondering how it took me all these years to realize- the last song my mom ever helped me learn for a show was "Ev'ry Time We Say Goodbye"...
kids love them!! .. And adults too! Especially with the smiley faces :)
I'll be curious to know what you think of it. I just made some coffee and started playing it this morning.
You only live once, but if you work it right, once is enough.
you got it! i'll text you when i leave.
As you know now, we're not out of the woods yet.
Too much alliteration for me.
#MessageToMyEx thank you for making me stronger
whats up beautiful
A little bleary-eyed after three hours of Khovanschina. One more hour to go.
haha yeah I want to try it but at the same time, I'm scared to. It sounds gross. Lol.
What's this? An early descent to ORD? Never happens.
Hahaha. : hockey sticks are longer than baseballs bats.. you know what else is longer..
My new fav (to hate) is #AmazingRace with the former BigBro team. Her crying-don't know why they dont show him roll his eyes more
AMEN! RT: Own it! RT: A new day means a clean slate, fresh start, new beginning, & a renewed heart. #ClaimIt!
Just Woke Up From A Good Ass Nap Finna Text My Boo=) !
Today I just realized my friend updated her twitter handle. For that, she's my solo #FF. :-)
My life is just one big awkward situation.
Lebron all da way baby MVP Miami heat all day
To all Jewish followers love you all and have a happy new year
you only show up when things are good! What's next for you an appearance at the Kings game? You don't even watch them
I tried Him and I know Him Found Him to be a friend I know too much about Him On Him I can depend Saved my soul made me whole...
Having a few us$100 coupons for Google #adwords, send me a DM to help you have one of them :)
were you there?
Time for
is dying...young
I don't know how XChords will fare against competition in terms of awards, but if there was a 'most personality' award they'd get it fosho
You guys realize that Mitt Romney wants every state to be like North Carolina, right? Help us, , you're our only hope.
Words to live by! RT : just be yourself...
vperryky: Finally heading home after excellent SLA Conference!! Congratulations again to James, Jim & Stacey on their awards! #sla2010 ...
Let's try the No twitter thing for the rest of the day. Goodnight World
Last chapter of the Hunger Games yall!!!
;-) im cool in my office now just trolling and trying to finish my spreadsheet for the week so i can goof off what u been up2
'Tis true! Would also spend more time for a good pint of real ale!
I've had my ups and downs, but i'm happy. Lexi is getting better, and Taylor is still teaching hip-hop. :)
Looks like the Walgreen's on 27th & College might of got robbed. Just 3 snow covered cars in lot, & 2 MPD squads by doors
Looks like there are some seats left here for this free show at the BMA. Get here!
Rodrigo y Gabriela and The Naked & Famous are both playing on Friday night. That is so mean, .
Joey looked at me wiff the saddest face,gave me the biggest hug last night and told me he doesnt want me to go:/
Thank you! We will go there. It'll be awesome!!!!
ain't it lol that shut was funny
Love the MRA family!!!!!
's heart is a stereo. We've all been told repeatedly.
Alpha Chi Omega installed Delta Epsilon chapter at on April 26, 1958! Happy Founders Day !
pizza is here! is ready! backbone.js awaits
no its not i just watched that episode... it was heart breaking. The one about the tennis coach...
on triple-d: at nana in chicago. eggs benedict with chorizo/pupusa instead of muffin/ham. yes.
if your not following me your I'm not following you. and all that bull you follow me I follow back most don't follow when you follow them
Trust a credit swaps trader or Romney? Me: guy on Wall Street. (s)he admits to complete selfish entitlement.
Last night >>>>
Happy Batch is at the helm for Steelers. He deserves the start; Ben deserves the rest.
My mouth is on fire from too many cinnamon hearts. #can'tstop
Where did my day go.
Bob Blakley at Gartner, Alessandro Acquisiti at Carnegie Melon both predicting death of authN - facial recognition.
Just sitting here watching a PBS movie. I never I thought I would catch myself doing that . Lol
is describing a boarding school ghost experience!
Nice! Looking forward to meeting you.
Sometimes I wonder where I get this strength from. A womans work.is never done!
do u remember me from October 29th?? <U+2665>
Keep on the look out for new show dates! Much love, Jamface P.S. We're recording new material this upcoming weekend!
Goodbye South Carolina, you'll be missed.
time for sleep
- Worst comes to worst, there's an old Mac in my parents' basement ...
you have no idea. You'll see--you'll see..
I was meant to be a female. Glad to be a guy. I would say fuck my period pads are a waste of money.
Working on story for 11..#Milton Police looking for a woman they say took her preschool age child with her to shoplift from an area Target.
RT : It's registration day. Parties/networking starts this afternoon. has one 4-6
they do it to the kids on poor countries,animals,homeless, even high school dropouts .. but never"hey heres a check for some money to help"
I shall! xD
Let's hope Sodade is o.k. Doesn't look good
My mom just told me that you're my real father.
I've got a lot of stuff to get done today before Diablo I is released and productivity drops to 0.
Already thinking of the weekend!!!
This has turned into a career panel. Sigh...
- No, I love spread offense - I report on all spread offense teams. I think the problem is you don't like Rich Rod.
that's right up there w/reheating fish/seafood in a work microwave. You just don't do that!
im #teamposey oh yeah!
Thanks Stacey...I love yours too!!
On days like these I just want to break down like a toddler, "but my tummy aches!". Ugh, go away stomach pain.
I am 100% against unforeseen circumstances..I want to know before the shit takes place!!!
"Pastas nummmy" at least my son thinks I'm a good cook :)
nobody lol idk why I said it...but do you still need help with it?
Bout to work on my leg sleeve
Mimi Gianopulos, senior from Carnegie Mellon University and semi-finalist, wants to learn Greek someday!
RT if you absolutely love and appreciate the great city of #PITTSBURGH and if you think it is the best city in the United States of America!
you're the best Haleigh!! Glad you like it! :D
IF SHE ALWAYS MAKES YOU OUT TO BE THE PROBLEM THAN DROP HER ASS
OH "just carry the Ten"
A personal #scms12 note: Our panel on "Movie Theaters and Public Space" was changed from Session S11 on Sun morn to Session M7 Sat morn @ 9a
Follow me on Twitter ! Thanks guys .
text me
"If there is something your students should know by now, you need to teach it to them"
goodbye all ;*
can get a shoutout for his game today in playoffs? hes got ultimate #pitcherswag out on the bump
Our Foreclosure Assistance Program helped 350 families keep their homes.Come get assistance in 1 of our program areas!
that Tech N9ne is on another level foreal
what conference is this?
Catch Me Spinning @ OZIO 2nyt with DJ C-Lo...TOP 40 | HOUSE | BACHATA | MERENGUE | SALSA | LETS GO!!
I know!! He didn't even realize it. lol
thank you
Probably one of the best weekends ever. And I went to an aquarium lol
thanks for the RT...Lizzy rule!
Thanks David! I have the art car parade to skate in that day but I will check it out if im not too tired.
Weren't u always following me? lol
Study for SEAM or watch the #preds in the playoffs tonight?
Hm, that sounds scary and frustrating. It's all about the marketing.
Spending my day watching Harry Potter and finishing a project #springbreak?
With bartending and djing, you have at least two good reasons to come out, three if you count drinking.
#GOP #kochbros Konspirators PROVED by allowing Mark Holden, #kochbros Gen Counsel,interview w that "Vultures of a Feather FLOCK'
Absolutely potato pancakes are a must for a fish fry-we'll be adding that search option soon.
you don't know man
love love love...<U+2764>
I think Zach from Reed College is going to be stuck with the nickname "Magic Hand" for a while...
Because we need more Shooters in the market than we need games like God of War...?
n bed watchin storm chasers
Thank you. How long have you been on here? How many followers? Could I call you later with a few questions?
he's a funny guy!
lucky my phone died!
I can't believe it's May already!!! Headed to Vegas May 31st-June 4th..For race at ! :) can't wait!!
I like that attitude
My ankle jeans rant/conundrum is going to be the death of me. Should I overcome my hate & get them & roll up? Or get regular ones? SIGH.
They're so cute!
I'm in love with a wing house girl... Whats wrong with me???
“: I'd like to say I love so much right now #stud #toogood #idol” hahaha i love u thomas thanks very much
where did the Dast Cash Go???
Due to scheduling conflicts in the governor's office, the centennial balloon unveiling will now be on June 3rd @ 7am. Our exhibit opens 5/22
I am grateful for every experience.
To the 100 people we turned away last night: we've added a second FrISC Screening! Tomorrow (Sun) 2:30pm @ Friars Club, 57 East 55th.
Definitely post that one!!
Sure. Mark
Watching victorious and I'm sleepy :)
better be!! I'm really hoping tomorrow is the best day ever!! We have 3 weeks. That's all and the best day ever HAS TO HAPPEN!!
Back in Los Angeles :)
#MUCat Garet Marling of ET begins the Summit (officially) with an explanation of Blackboard
Thanks to for the RT!!
You know what would make me feel a lot better? If decided to follow me..
TONIGHT - Tempatation Thursday with DJ's AI & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team!!!
A special thanks to Brookfield Self Storage for sponsoring our 5th annual #Cuts4aCause!!!
im back
my favorite subject is puss in boots
have a safe journey. :)
Help us, help the American Red Cross! DJ Michaels, Big Mack, & Myself are @ Parena Bread in the Broadmoor Shopping Center. Donate! Donate!
#Heat's got the curse of the Little Bronbino. go #cavs!
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
2011 is ending fast! Time to schedule that put-off appointment? Use up the insurance dollars now before they are gone!
Facts: Sexual harassment is a form of sex discrimination that violates Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964
I'm loving these
heading to the Augmented Reality sesh soon.
well THAT just makes me feel even more left out! how'd it go though? did all the ladies throw their panties on stage??
RT I'm skipping down the sidewalks of NYC this morning..it's BEAUTIFUL out!!!!! I'm sure I'll end up tripping at some point.
t you are right. That is horrible, she never should have put those pictures up. Im going to report them as offensive.
have you seen ours??
can't wait until you get to Houston!!!your the best britney your my role model!
thanks so much for the good wishes and have a great holiday!
#1 Don't put anything or anyone before God, seriously Bro he doesn't like that! #GodlyBroTips Exodus 20:3
What's bad for #osama will be good for
Thanks for the RT :) Happy Friday!
YYYYYYYYYYeeeeees“: I love Verne Lundquist. That is all. As you were.”
I'm watching & chatting about #basketballwives - join the conversation at basketballwives.vh1.com
Racecar drivers are taught "do not focus on the wall; focus on the road. If you focus on the wall, you will drive right into it."
and do you know where the Valley is at? Lol
Watch Lindsay Rose on Southland on Tuesday, January 24th at 10 pm!!!!
I ate lunch outside today. Voluntarily. And it was my own idea. Who am I and what have I done with myself?
Happy Fourth Day to us!
and there's Marli Hayes 3rd homerun of the day. Cougars are on a roll!
just wanna see 2nite...doesnt look like that's gonna happen :(
yeah I think you need to change it to an MA in order for it to be accurate...
Thanks for RT'ing my interview
I've heard good things about Trupanion and met the founder. Seems pretty good to me!
Congrats to Wolf & Co for #bbjpacesetters award yet again & loquaciously supporting Boston Police Athl Assn
MONDAY - THURSDAY $7 ADULT CUTS ...$15 "THE WORKS" shampoo +hot rag facial + cut...$5 CHILDRENS CUTS ...757 892 4196 Furious Styles
bed time
difference between you and me is that I am getting paid whole taking pics of my self with my pouty self , get it
About to partake in some Korean BBQ for the first time. I wonder if anybody here will judge me if I lick my fingers?
Thanks for the #FF ! :)
It's so nice outside. Finally cleaning out my car. and fixing the back seat
Hi how are you?I would like to know if there's going to be another #LiveToDance?I still remember D'angelo&Amanda:D great dancers
It seems to me that offers of amnesty will bring an end to the resistance, faster than a reward on
Guy is a national treasure. It's nice to see him working into his eighties(!).
I bet it will be amazing! And of course, I know where you can find even more art ;-)
Just because somebody needs tutoring it doesn't mean they're stupid. Just let them be. Yeah they need extra help..
I have 2 take a one week twitter break because I have to take care of my little siblings and my mom is going back to work for her{C}
get paid ma dude
thanks for spreading the word #SFIMA Summit
haha oh gosh
ya caught us ;)
Let's call out names-names, I hate you more. Let's call our names-names for sure.
SPREAD THE #LOVE!
She's a Non-Mthfukn factor...gn Eve
Good Night Everybody!! #16MillionBritneyArmy #TeamBritney Follow me, I'll follow back I promise! Xoxo! I'm will be back later! Xoxo
tomorrow, April 5
Region Three to help Santa Mission start aquaculture - Stabroek News
that was an excellent period. i am considerably cheered up.
Starbucks. Yum. :)
I just love the soundtrack to Return To Me. Classic
Love is weakest when there is more doubt than trust but LOVE is strongest when we learn to trust in spite of the doubts.
you got it
1st them ppl STILL CALLIN FOR YOU lol they just called N 2 how u been I miss u
aww thanks gorgeous!!
I'm doing a #writingsprint @ the top of the hr for 60min. Who wants to pace me?
New BG,&username(:
Hi Jason, thanks for following me, looks like we have lots in common, who knows maybe someday we could work together??
OOPS! Re-read your tweet...enjoy your walk with your pet, Katahdin!
Joe Wilson is a hypocrite. Do you not have insurance through the government? Why is good for you, but not the rest of us?
At the All Souls ABRA protest hearing... Gonna be a circus...
Hi there!
me raven got in a lil fight but its coo now
Yes!! Come here now!!
Where do you want to save today? Know any small businesses that could use a boost in sales & revenue with our key tag method?
Love how people are saying the #Rangers haven't played anybody sorry as the 1 seed we get the worst seeds in the playoffs
Fear not, for I have redeemed you; I have summoned you by name; you are Mine. ~ Isaiah 43:1
when I have a son he gone have a cute ass name :)
c'mon #ravens and #steelers give us a great show tonight!
David Viscott~ To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides.
gate agent not having a good day.... How dare I try to get on standby list to catch earlier flight?
dude the new video is fucking sick bro!!! I love it! miss u guys man. bout to retweet the fuck out of it!!
Watching star trek.
Needs to study for environmental science midterm. yay
hey my love I'm a little bit worried bc u didn't tweet me back last time.. R u okay?? Any news?? Love u so much!!!
Have I mentioned how much I don't enjoy waiting on the phone for at least 20 mins to confirm a flight?
Twitter faithful...come enjoy FREE Beer today from 630p-730p!!!! Just post you are here enjoying some free goodness!!!
"Austin is changing." Yeah. He's GROWING UP. (: Making something for US. No. Not US. I meant the MAHOMIES. <3
5 1/2 hours and i will finally get to play modern warfare 2!!! I can't wait!!!
Welcome to twitter Dad! Tweet. Tweet. :)
Did u guys ever hear of the band Shanteclaire, who used to exist in Rancho C?
Don't forget! We have a show on Feb 7th !
getting my positive on thanks to
Pens are scoring at will.
What's that? Someone has defamed the mighty and his TF2 integrity? I SHALL STAND WITH HIM!
hope youre having a great day! Be blessed!
I'm afraid we don't have 2009 calendars anymore, sorry!
Yea! My little one decided he was tired of watching Finding Nemo...#goldrush...We are on with a Longboard island Lager next to me!!!
Yikes! It moved fast through Golden. RT : Batten down the hatches. It looks pretty foreboding in south Denver too.
Tell your boy Juice to smack Chris Paul every time he whines about something tonight.
I been slipping on my twitter game but I'm back now.
today just not my day!
I need a Boyfriend...someone who's honest, loving, & tired of their heart being broken. :P
Peyton Manning chooses Denver Broncos, look for Denver to try and trade Tim Tebow.
Have always loved Tom Gabel and it's only been reinforced now. Hope I someday have that kind of courage when it comes to ANYTHING. Much love
We're excited to be a part of it!
occupywallstreet is on the frontpg of the new york times website
“: Dodgers/Padres. could there be a game with two better team announcers? Vin Scully and Dick Enberg!" J. Coleman is in HOF
Just finished a #WODW2012 site visit at This event is sure to be AWESOME! Can't wait! cc:
Then the silent vicarious followers, that wish they had the fortitude to put it out there..
rough 2 days of travel drama (theft, food poisoning) but that's behind me. good mtgs with partners and riders sat really cheered me up.
Its lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with you ;)
I wish I had a freaking date for prom.
It raises expectations for mass; Indiviality, diversity & specialization require new approaches to student-centered learning
Have a nice week!
Thats The Thing I LOVE The Rain <3 I Love That Rainy Type Of Weather. In Florida Its So Hot and Junk. I Hope To Move Someday
Thanks, man. It's awful.
Ate, ran errands, bought rum for mojitos later, and of course-a long night in the studio working. NOW as people start to go out-I take a nap
Ooh I want you, I don't know if I need you but ooh I'd die to find out.
q) What does a palindromist drive? a) a Toyota. [not my invention]
I think I had a dream I went to a SM concert. I could barely see it though. I just remember Siwon...
Hope everyone has a blast at #NJCon this weekend!!
Im so in Love with Mr. Nice Guy & Music Fan First:) Definitely a different type of Dude:) Mesmerizing instrument u got:)
sorry you had a boring day.i had one too. But i was nice to just chill haha. It was just one of those days.prayin 4 you!
How did "there's more than 1 way to skin a cat" become a saying? If you skin cats don't talk about it in public, ever. Also, you & I can ...
Please,follow me :D
Bugs are the most disgusting thing ever #eww <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009B>
its not happening
If you make listening and observation your occupation you will gain much more than you can by talk. Robert Baden-Powell
I only know the cartoon. Though I saw a collected hardcover of the first few series', and need to get that.
every go check out , and
XoXo sis!! I know the feeling ... Hang in there! I'm here for ya
#Follow us on Twitter!
oops...what's your psn? x)
So true! RT : Acquiring a dog, may be the only time a person gets to choose a relative.
Morning: Part 2. I feel much heavier now.
After losing contact w/ my best friend of all time, over the past 20-years I jus reconnected on facebook.
I just woke up here. But that doesn't mean I'm lost.
Sometimes we don't need advice. We just need somebody to listen.
Jackie Moon: It feels like I got cat piss in my eyes.
Fuck, I think I lost my mom's ring.
Your favorite! Enjoy.
Teen or twentysomething me would be very confused by how excited I am for this Vikings game. Sorry, young me, you're a pretentious jerk.
I forgot what a great relationship I had built up with both Simon AND Garfunkel...
Vincent is going to see all this shit, thats sad. I SWEAR I HATE SOME OF YOU
i lost 2 followers :( i think im gonna cry myself to sleep ;)
is mr. roboto
Happy Easter everyone I hope u guys had fun with family an friends
2012 need's : One more chance to right a wrong,#5 for My Packers,#8 for My Big Blue and #28 for My Yanks !!!!!
I think should #FollowMe because I know her cousin and hes like one of my best friends lol :))
yes i forget have a good and nice and amazing week end : ).
Very interested in hearing what you find. Any sense of what sample vendors think?
In a world without fences and walls, who needs Gates and Windows?
an old Beetle Bug(I know it's a weird choice) but it's my dream car:)
Most photographers know little about body language. As I survey law firm web sites the body language in profile pics says the wrong thing
9 holes @ Wellshire Golf this morning...summer is here in Colorado
I have blueberries
I like the new interface
ATL Love is great! Who was the DJ I wonder?
Open hack at 7:30 tonight. Talking about projects. Stop In and join the conversation!
RT: We're looking to add a personality to our radio show. Know someone?
I like how this one song came out and now totally change of mind.
TVD Returns This Thursday and it looks like Damon's chest has #ComeOutToPlay, the
Running the events of last night through my head and imagining them twice as great tomorrow
Bored... lets pc4pc?
so you can fully prepare for all the hugs he gives?
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Jake Watermiller °Rising 8th °Flower Mound, TX °Travel Team: Team Celtics 2017 °Small forward 6’0
Spent last night with a Billionaire friend. He just went to work out with Paul McCartney whom I chatted with in the elevator last night.
Jury duty today. Up to 60 days of incarceration & up to $1000 fine 4 folks who don't show. I wish the same penalty applied for not voting.
YEAH! Cabin in the Woods -Are you going to write a review of it? It looks really good!
#BeliebersAreAliensBecause We're out of this world!
..... I got nothin to say
Hey you've got a fan! RT mjc I love how excited Ted Davis gets calling a #Bucks game!
If we're the #superior life forms on earth Y is it that animals Can get love right But we can't ?
Awkwardly, random tweet..... Hahaha!
You remind me of a Taylor Swift song.
Are you attending Mifflin?
is picking you to WIN the #PGA Masters. Listen to Jack and take copious notes and you will WIN!
You are lucky to have escaped alive! That beard is legendary in its powers! PS. Brad Says Hi.
Reasons why im weird- my teacher and I make a rap about social studies today
My second period is photography and we have computers & we get out early. I love testing days<3
The problem at least for now is accepting that everyday is going to be hard until I get exactly what I want
Good night Tweet and Face! A new day is on the horizon! Buenas noches & bon nuit.....
It's a great weekend with lot's of fun Weddings and events! Brides @ us your wedding and we will RT you!
I listened to that interview. He called him out several times
Stay Tuned for Customer Appreciation Pricing for LABOR DAY Holiday! Let Us Make Your Campaign FLY!
Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing
Blah,blah,blah is all i hear in math clas:\
Just got back from the mall w. ;D
Happy New Year everyone!! May 2012 be the best year ever.
i am expecting higher, depending on last minute news
Ok, well I hope your evening gets better. Sending you a big hug (((((( HUG)))))))
Ben Packard, VP of Responsibility, Starbucks - working on goal to eliminate disposable cups
RT, favorite, and reply like a boss. lets do it every drama!
quite possibly, why in particular?
Trying out something new. Live tweeting a pint. Here goes for @ harmonbrewingco's Pt Defiance IPA. LOTS OF FOAM IN MY MOUTH.
Macy Gray singing a cover of Radiohead's 'Creep' on Letterman. Kinda awesome, actually.
OMG, watching yesterday's Glee. WTH?!? Horrible!
Hi, I was wondering how you feel about YA zombie books?
RT : Barkley just said "I ran a stop sign once and spent the weekend in jail" the. Shaq said "thats because you were drunk"
We winning with our two best scorers shooting 4/16
Welcome baby; i'm making enough money finally. <3 what else can we do? :D
Waiting to hear back about a regional commercial role, fingers crossed.
looks like a hack. Don't touch it.
On the train to New York. Next stop Penn Station.
but how come i tried to dance with my friends tn and roger clocked me so bad i had to leave
regular season means nothing? wow, pretty much the most ignorant comment you've ever said. time for you to do some research.
Correct! Give and take! RT : It's as honorable to sell as it is to buy
I'm at the HSE game &Gary Harris looks like he's playing against JrHigh kids at times But looks pretty lazy on defense at times
Everything has a "like" button these days. I saw one on the Lincoln Memorial just last week.
did you look it up or something? It's my favorite.
Why am I hungry now it's 10 pm, wait, I'm always hungry. <U+E043>
so I reside on Blake hill now, when we chillin?
Sweet Dreams World! xxoo
well hello there!
I wouldn't not let Alison Brie take me out to dinner.
Zoia Gonzalez opened the door 2 young men seeking asylum @ Peruvian embassy in #Cuba - lead to Mariel boat lift. Her story next week on IAP
Thanks for the #FF!
ur giving me away
& about what these activities and shows tell you about American culture and socialization.
Countdown to the opening of "Can You Walk Away?" - 4 days!
Twitter in the Ed. Comm. is awesome. It's awesome ideas being streamed to you 24/7 (imagination on overdrive)
“: STORY OF MY LIFE! RT “: I promise I'm being haunted!”” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
thank you
would be an honor and wish i could go but being a broke filmmaker I gotta save for wireless mics and stuff for my website:/
I'm not moved by what I see, I'm moved by what I know. And I know God put this promise in my heart.
It's been years since I've talked to you/covered JPL but...your sister's in Bleached? Love them!
Who's idea was it to make Fat Alber t a movie? No bueno.
"Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.” Happy Birthday Dr. Seuss!
Brew Tour!
Looking for resources/speakers on deeper learning assessment in higher education. Any ideas?
The greatest strength of the Web is its true nature, the ability to be flexible and adapt.
New book fr "In 50 Years We'll All Be Chicks" great title!!
Thanks for the RT's! Have an awesome day!
Branding is about getting your prospects to see you as the only one that provides a solution to their problem!
Scary movie!!
have no problem sitting behind big donors, have big problems sitting behind people who go to 1 game a year, who made this decision
. Thank you for the support. We appreciate your vote!
Yo, if I come up missing check that bitch's house.....I'm serious
i miss my staten island dude so much. muah
so missing ur stop m yelling 'fuckin son of a cunt' raises a couple of eyebrows .. so fuckin late :(
you don't say. Haha. Shits kinda scary looking. Like it wants to attack you or something. Haha.
Yes!! I wave back to you We miss you!
side braids?
haa i was born in jamaica #watchuthink??
has bobby brown showed up?
Don't miss out on the Sherlock Scavenger Hunt at the LaSalle Branch on April 6th and 7th at 10am!
What code do you need help with?
I was just thinking about you Stay Gold Ponyboy Stay Gold!!!
I have a Skype date with tonight and is out of town :(
Downtown with my parents. Feels like fall today! Its beautiful..
want me to make you a shirt? :)
3 songs and 3 whitney songs in Itunes top 10. Hello.
Sweet! cc - RT : found the location: Space World park
RT : Great people remain the same whether exalted or overlooked~their CHARACTER never varies but improves in all situations.
Theatre should be accessible to all demographics in terms of Ticket Prices. You should come see our play.
Unpacking all the stuff in my new home. One word "WOW" Wonders where I got so much. Have a great day all.
Happy mothers Day !!! :))
Just woke up RAW wake an bake high af GM Twitter Ppl hope all I well an god has bless u in every way an thank u god for today !!!¡
Try saying #adultswimshop.com fast three times
Heading to Chicago this week, then Texas and Washington. Don't miss my Oct 23 date in Berlin, Ohio. Poster on my FB page
FACT: Perry is not the perfect GOP candidate. FACT: He is the best of all of the announced candidates.
Officially on Vacation
There is no surprise more magical than the surprise of being loved. It is God's finger on man's shoulder
Riggins in a loin cloth, ok!
someone was fired at my job, and I was asked by my boss to not repeat it to anyone at work...this is difficult.
Hurray! // RT : finally reserved my dorm room for !
LAX is jammed with College kids sitting all over the ground, I remember those days but no need to repeat
There's days when I wonder if every decision I've made in life was done with a clear mind and using my best judgment o_O
good, cause you about to have some trials..
The Salvation Army's Emergency Disaster Services are on the scene of even the most desperate crises.
There is no better way to start your day than with a walk by a spectacular Lake Como. Glad my walk to the conference hits the lake.
and in the end you were just another let down in my life.
good morning kiss and hug to you my friend! Thanks! Will send waves and pics from the road:)
is thinking about public service because the Florida legislative majority is not doing much to help education.
Lair lair pants on fire!
aghhh me to!
New show date! Sat Mar 17th St. Patrick's Day @ Madison Theater- come get your green beer buzz on!
If you haven't check this brother blow you you're missing something great. Kurt Elling uses his voice like a beauftiful instrument.
so this is where I will now fuck with you from now on.
Going into blockbuster. Wish me luck
but I like the milk and the thirst satisfaction I receive from cereal. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>I don't really eat toast. French toast yes. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
": the REAL Opening Day is tomorrow #Yankees" and so it begins.. lol
Is the main ingredient the first? Water?
bro. I miss you.
Just rocked st Luis on our way to Rockford Illinois!!!!
Many professional speakers overlook this, butspeak with passion & energy, thus raising the energy level in the room.
shiiiit. Josh isn't here either. I gotta do this damn project own my own.
New rule: Web sites cannot put survey requests in front of visitors after only two page views. It's just bad form.
But God forbid I say something during the news.
Things to put in the It's Actually Pretty Good category: Will Ferrell's acting in Everything Must Go and Beck's music in Scott Pilgrim.
ALGELIQUE AND DAVID ARE GONNA BRING IT TONIGHT - BETTER GHET HERE EARLY!!!
Just read that passage by Abrams you highlighted. My only thoughts afterward were: "holy shit."
Can't sleep!!!
haha I literally turn that song off when it comes on, I HATE it
Q: What store in MALL XYZ would you most like your Valentine's gift to come from?
T-shirt order being placed this week then we'll get those monsters shipped! BACK TO THE GRAVE being written ;)
We agree, April!
Laurie Anderson never dissappoints. #Filmmakers Coop
What a loss is #MCA - no more Beastie Boy albums for a guy who grew up a huge fan is equally heartbreaking. Thnx for thoughts!
DJ Pancakes @ 9. Beer + Bourbon shot = $5. All draft beer on special. Late night food menu.
Amare is tough
We certainly do!
The miracle of technology. Early weather warnings saved lives today. A dozen tornados hit N. Texas. No deaths reported. Wow!
Nope. Not okay. Time for some serious conversations before the resentment destroys the relationship. :(
Brown? Whoa. Awesome. Good for you... very, very cool. And yes! Will do!
See ur problem is that u just don't listen, I said say when not "right now". Problem solved no need for slap. LOL :)
just a little that some fags pretending to be me. Lol
I'm with , & tonight. If any of you females got something to say, then say it to me. Guys night out!
carolyn loves me..
Man I am jumpy this morning....Bahahah I blame them scary movie from last night. :3Well shower in a bit then getting ready for the day.Mall!
stop creeping my pictures...
“Lead me, follow me, or get out of my way.” — General George Patton
lemme know if you didn't get my txt idk if you got a new number
Don't be one of those assholes giving Bosh shit for missing the game to be there for his family.
My friends are superheroes.
congrats. Now I know who to contact when I get in trouble in Kansas...
When its not quite T-shirt weather but also not quite a sweatshirt/jacket weather<<<
Trivia time! First person to send a message with the right answer wins a free shaker cup! What is one benefit of GNC Total Lean Thermo CLA?
Any artists submitting work to Brucennial 2012, the "less-organized-than-artfully-disorganized" alternative to the Whitney Biennial? DM me.
not tonight. I'm trying to build up a tolerance for my birthday bash on June 16th. I was good all last week.
I never realized I tweeted this much tho... 16,000
ALL RAUTAVAARA ALL THE TIME.
That is because you have good taste in company!
#designstar hello if u r reading this I don't want to watch Kathy on tv! She is fake and has bad designs, and is mean
Thank you so much for giving me that phone! You're so sweet I really appreciate it
If all of ur friends are #shallow don't be calling yourself #deep. birds of a feather flock together.
Today in #thehumanevent: Barthes kills the author, and Anzaldúa remakes her.
no reason a team can't achieve success has achieved. Focus/attn from all levels of school needed.
I love Planet Fitness in Plainfield !
i wonder is Niall loves me.. nope xx
Jealousy is when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own .
That'd be the one. I'm just glad no one asked me what it meant.
I think someone is wooing you to get to Pablo. Be careful!
Man I need a mfn Big breasted thick chick soon.. Better yet meet me @ the crib w/ a swisher
Hey, im bored. who are you?
You forgot to list The West Wing this morning as one of the top five tv shows!
Worrying...as always.
I love you guys. RT “: NSW residents: Please report all litter you see to your local police station- #osyd”
you name a day sista!
Uploading the FF5 pix to G+ right now, but not all until tomorrow probably. Add me (Taylor Loftus) :) and i'll post a link tomorrow! <3
We were talking about getting less on by our kids well damn it scared me so bad I think I peed myself
Why not make this Christmas special and make it an Anna Maria Island Christmas? Talk to the family now.
yeah im here
This will not affect his behavior one iota!
Not cool. Not cool at all.
Republican turnout for Nevada caucus down 25%. Mitt "Corporations are People" and Newt "the Lobbiest" would be a great motivational ticket
Fitness is earned, not bestowed - a process, not a magic trick - an investment, not a miracle.
I would support this move, but the cold in Denver will be hard on Manning's robo-neck.
did anyone from your museum participate in the conversation series?
No moving necessary! Remind me to message you about it later - off for a celebratory beer for now!
ignore my updates for a little while; google buzz is syncing with twitter
bahahaha heck No techno! I go out this wknd ;)
Jennifer Love Hewitt likes DNA imprints at the Golden Globes
U tell em man
can i get a elephant oh wait this isn's farmers inssurance dam.
As in, I am a higher ed admin student but I get the feeling that most of what I do is student services-related.
what's up
Back to reality.
back in my dorm bed. home sweet home for less than 2 months now. crazy!
It was great to begin grappling with (mobile) personal data and privacy issues together back in the day at Yahoo! #pii2012 :-).
- I just got the email about the pop-up shop! That sounds awesome!! We definitely need to talk soon then!
Man, Volstad SUCKS.
I'm your DJ at warrior dash tomorrow! Come find me on the stage and I'll give ya a CD!
Kevin_faulconer mayor & city council should be impeached for failure on public safety!
I don't know if I'm going to miss Dennis, but I'd like to try.
An wtf happened to the new clothes I sent to them...why in the fuck aint none of that shit in they suitcases
Today <U+25CF> Portraits of Courage: African Americans You Wished You Had Known, 7:30pm – 9:30pm @ Robsham. Examine overlooked African-Americans.
Thank you Lord for my blessings.
Thank you #KEXP for playing Business Time by Flight of the Conchords - totally unexpected, totally awesome, and I'm dying laughing.
I think the girls have learned that "daddy" is spelled "sucker".
thx for the follow, you're #1500! Who knows how many of those are bots, but still cool.
I'm sure. I'd be pissed too! I'll enjoy sitting on the couch watching Parks for you. While Missing You <3
#TwoThingsThatDontMix stupid people and me
Good luck, Ive been trying for two hours and I cant find shit...
I'm surprised I haven't gotten caught yet.
you comin' for the VCU game here??
Happy birthday, Captain Serious. May age make you lighter-hearted.
Twitter is a bit strange.
Show moved to Liquid Smoke tonight in Murfreesboro, TN on 8/18/11. Make sure everyone spreads the word! Music starts around 10ish
see what we are about, have a few fighters from amarillo aswell
losing to Valle? What else is new? :/
& why the fuck is Marvins Room on everytime I turn on the radio lol
you don't give ya mama a gift without a bow
And boom goes the dynamite
Eat there & we'll meet after.
They expelled the hot chick that showed her tits on state street during #projectlex from UK... That's blasphemy
hey, Don't forget to dress up!
I hate to see you go, but I love to watch you leave.
I hope to see you in more stuff maybe comedys? :)
Here are some guesses for you might see there: Bergesen, Eveland, O'Day, Tillman, Adams, Antonelli, Bell, Mahoney, Miller.
Duke knocks down both free throws, they lead Michigan 73-65.
Yep. Not to mention the recent increase in Twitter spam.
by the garage door!
"I'm tired of reading about other people's private lives, problems and complaints. So I deleted all the women on my Facebook.
hahaha no... BUT. i'm a pretty big fan of impersonating those britsh ppl. quite a jolly good time, chap. =]
So my substitute says she was a extra in a brad pitt movie and he blew her a kiss!
MT : impact of #j202 Last semester, I wouldn't have known most #UWRightNow participants, but now resembles my news feed.<-YES!
Im gettin potbelly when i get uptown.
paint me a picture perfect lie, the truth's already gotten old. why would a prophet even bother to try after watching his god get sold?
packing a shit load of clothes to stay one night at a friends house....
haha good girl
I love all the A guys!! They're always talkative to me. Lol
Excited to see if Jeremy Lin can draw as big of a Chinese crowd as Yi did at the BC.
I do know that the #SEC is supposedly the best conference when talking about football
idk y but i been listen to old songs all day
Perfect morning. Woke up to his kisses, Bomb weather, now my mom's picking me up & imma go get breakfast :) today shall be god.
It's either that or "Xbox controller girl." But I think I like Gorilla girl more.
Looking forward too! (Any chance you brought me a Coffee Crisp? ;-). )
Have you tried our "Admiral" Stache Baltic Porter yet? Get in here and try it now, it's to die for!
We're packed on Friday, but just a few rooms left Thursday night! Do you have a place to stay for the big (huge) #LSUARK game?
were you working with Gregg Romeo? I hope you had a good show <3 bisous
The #dog days of #summer are starting now! Head to the #bagel deli in #Seattle for a $2.50 hot dog and $2 fresh squeezed #lemonade!
Today I was called Milan. I was like, just because im Asian doesn't mean I have to be her! Then I was like, but my dragon and I will kill u.
At the half the #HEAT up by 11 two more boys
I wish people knew what it was like working fast food.. so then maybe they'd stop complaining just a tad.
Wow so you mean without #grindr you actually have to have a social life and talk to people?!
I envision shrieking sopranos in bird outfits being catapulted across the stage...
I say the exact same thing. But I get "wow you are a lot taller in person." Happens all. the. time.
This nigga is dropping me the dopest beats....
Thanks for the #FF love! :)
Our #GSAlumnae say Girl Scouts gave them a strong sense of self and a safe place to grow. What did Girl Scouts do for you?
hitem with the tombstone
THAT made my morning!
Would you ever move back to SD? I tried leaving once but got so homesick it didn't last. lol
Curious how many peeps at #DSUM12 use ?
oh wow! idk whether to be excited or nervous about watching!
Getting on a plane headed to NYC never gets old
nice to meet you too :)
I think your digital potluck should combine tasty dishes together in the spirit a mashup.
your tweets look so much butter when using the new ip*d!
I've seen 4 seperate grown men on razor scooters today. What gives?
No, WICKED good. Not just good.
haha i got you
Jack Black is the Truth and I love watching birds
"dance dance like it's the last last night of your life life." so does that mean I dance like I'm on a hospital bed?
I love how Steve Novak is proving "the belt" is community property ever since Eli & the Giants BURNED down Lambeau.
Thanks for the tip. We'll take a look!
great show today! I've been missing good puck talk on my commute. Look forward to following all season.
Just now: Nomad announces to office - "I quit my job!" And receives high fives from everyone.
Awesome web site! Does make for great reading!
prove it!
I love how u guys reply & keepin touch with ur fans unlike other hot celebs out there.U guys seem real.PLZ reply,it make me happy
IS YOU WANT ME TO RT YOU LET ME KNOW NOW.
hang with my friends
They are complementary. Which is the problem with the rhetoric. Each provide different options for different people.
Is it me? Or have and gotten sexier???? I think the tuxedoes have something to do with it... #GoldenGlobes <3
go for it! It was nice meeting u at the #sxtxsw session!
spring cleaning..... bo
RT : Please watch & RT the amazing “America's Got Talent” audition video of a young Autistic singer:...
Congrats on Austyn Rose
Indeed! Yo, is the show running now?
If you aren't doing what you love, then you are fighting the universe. Surrender to your calling.
Finishing up my first week at the IU East Library!!!
I do what I want... people are hypocrites anyway so i don't care.
Our President Aparajitha Vadlamannati: "Thank you to all of our participants, attendees, panelists, and twitter friends, near and far!"
IE10 Platform Preview - Like Woe (woo)
Oh my goodness... in the SNL digital short... Bahahaha :D
Congrats to & too! If our teams couldn't win, at least #KY pulled it out for us to win the pool!
That shouldn't be a shock she didnt want u 2 beat her up lol
im soo scared please tell people to pray
Getting all of my sweet 16 pictures tonight
Did I mention all for free? Maybe that means I need a wife?
I refuse to see battleship because Rihanna is in it.... like she's a singer not an actress. I can't take her seriously.
Next up: Mark Byron, Revision and Narrative Structure in Beckett's "Watt"
I love when it rains at night. It's the perfect time to clear my head and think. Sitting on the deck thinking about everything.
releases that 77% of those surveyed in 2012 preferred Email for promotional messaging
Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself
Don't forget- not only does Gumer sell jewelry, but we also offer jewelry repair services!
beat go hard bro Yahhhhh
yeah yeah. And of course he fell off the face of the earth.
I hate when I hear girls say I'm fat like no your not okay #fuckthebullshit \waving hamds/
Wahhhh arianna is leaving with her dad <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
Ed Hardy energy drink...for when your thirst needs to be douchey too.
Accidentally making eye contact with the same person like 5 times. 0_0
I'll see what i'm doinnn!
lol no spoilage. Looking forward to getting home to watch #WalkingDead sad I'm on a date thinking of zombies
ready for this week to be over
on their job.... Straight stuntin getting their twitter poppin...
We've officially decided to rename Jenga, "Someone Else Fuck This Up."
": I quit cigs tho three months tomorrow yeah bitches"// props brotha I cant even do it!
ha! I read the law and thanked him for the info -- he didn't even say you're welcome -- rude a$$ :)
there will be a day when the burdens of this place will be no more, we'll see Jesus face-to-face <3
isn't it? He said he can't even stand the smell of it. Still, owls are not what they seem for sure. That's a guaranteed fact.
Happy holidays to all of our followers!
Give me 3 wishes..I wish I wish I wish u would bitch
Who wins by killing Medicare? Not seniors. Not politicians. So why are folks on both sides of the aisle flocking to ?
Rocket95.1 played ur tebowie this am. LOVED IT! Been a huge fan since ur early SNL days! Plans for a new comedy album?
misses you too sweetheart <U+2764>
Thank u so much 4 following! Sharing #experience, #strength & #hope with others. Create a wonderful Friday!
All I have to say is MDNA baby!!!!
Ok even the 60 yet olds here aren't eating am I lame yet?
with gresham out, would you start Beck or Smith over Dalton now? How about J. Simpson over Antonio Brown
it's windy af and these ppl still come... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Welcome to our newest The EuroConnect Committee member.. Teun Kras, of the Netherlands! He's working here for Cargill for a spell.
Hope you got your tix to see at the LC tonight, 7p because this show is SOLD OUT!
S/o to our new followers!!!! Company's, artists, labels, models and candidates! We welcome all networking opportunities!
A part-time job I'll give myself over the summer is to look at Shirley Clarke's papers at the Center for Film and Theater Research.
One square inch
Oh, please! Make it Merkel!
But I have a cramp! ;D
Go Sox, Bulls, and Blackhawks!! Great night to be a sports fan!
Wana cry myself ta sleep !
If heads could explode from headaches mine would've done it an hour ago and 10 times since
#YEE got 2 more followers just need 8 more
Watching the finches taunt my cat is hilarious!
Oh, that is too bad. I just stare at their lips and ignore giant puppets etc., it's too disturbing otherwise.
Good idea! I'll sell it at Hot Topic and Spencer's and make millions!
#Occupy going strong.
Did you make coed?
done and done.
Had an awesome time at the Write On awards today! Congrats to the winners!
Yeah same here. RT : I could live my life in the Cabela's gun library.
Creating a really cool stop-motion video.
i don't either.(:
You have 2 faces even when my glasses are on.
come on out to PK lake
Waiting in the long queue for #chi2012 madness. I'm #96. What's the visual equivalent of a palindrome? (see 96)
OK, Charles Barkley is done and so am I. Good night to all and Happy Mother's Day.
to be FAIR, i left your ass out of it.. lol
Fun to watch the fellas take trees down. Not going to miss that gum tree one bit. Let the renovation begin.
did cleaning get the best if ??
- I work at a small winery as well - from one little fish to another ~ Cheers!
Just hit the lines limit on excel for the first time. Definitely the number one highlight of my auditor career.
Were the women you slept with worth the loss of your family & your golf game? Do you agree that your slump is a direct result.
Apparently three steps with the ball is not a catch. If this happened at midfield would be a catch and fumble.
what's up, Mardi! lol how are you?!
so is his face.
You're followers are your family. I follow you. Therefore, I'm your family. Can you follow your family? (: haha
ma parents wont let me.......WAHHHHHHHHHH
note to self: more vegetables... less red meat...
Didn't go bl fri shopping.Took a walk with gchildren while moms made cookie dough & we all baked them. Um. Shopping starts tomorrow!
Book your next event with us! or contact
#WeAllNeed somebody to lean on. :D
RT : "Nothing of me is original. I am the combined effort of everybody I've ever known."- Chuck Palahniuk
Tomorrow is Wednesday:)
Sittin here watching a #reallydumb movie in geography
be safe and document. creepy.
Knew the Manning release was coming, but still shocked. I think Miami leads the pack but watch out for Jets via the Tom Moore connection.
Did you get your iPad help?
Thank you for RT Jeff- have a good week
that's why I'm moving there in July. Can't wait
Do you believe in roleplaying Z1, Z2, or one life, one love?
It looks like our Twitter has been hacked. Please do not open any links sent by us until further notice. Thanks for your patience!
R.I.P. Betty Ford
I dated a guy who had balls so big that I could do ab work on them.
Lunch Entrees - GRILLED FILET MIGNON 8oz filet, mashed red bliss potato, grilled asparagus, red wine tarragon butter
“: Happy mothers' day to all of you awesome mamma's out there!”
Thanks to my new followers! Thanks for following, #internetmayham, #centeredinabq and #bizinvesting!
I spent all my time trying not to lose control
What kind of bath can you take without water?A sun bath.
I used to travel all over to photograph & write about my experiences w/ live music. Slept on couches, in my car, kept a budget.
Nice job P1 in final warm up and only few laps after 2 reds. Also best Lotus engine in field.
Twitter locational weirdness of the day: your location shows up in TweetDeck as Japan.
I'm watching the Real Housewives and is HOT! All the other bitches must be jealous!
Hahahahahahha. We have the best can driver in the entire world. Its like a comedy show on the way to the airport.
If you are planning about opening a clothing store, then consider the location
haha very delirious!!!
I was actually talking about RT *jumps up and down* ME! ME! ME!
Franklin comes alive!
Yup. Beware, most of the Highlander sequels sucked, although the third film sucked least.
"Are you out of your Vulcan mind<U+203D>"
Hi Glenn Good to hear You can go back to hot fudge sundies
r u the dude on worldstar? That I was talking to? Pop master fable?
Big Macs have a secret sauce on them. HM, I really wonder where that sauce comes from....why the big secret?
Smart of Best Buy to use digital icons when the name of the game is attempt to get commercials viral.
In Indiana tonight, Chicago tomorrow. Route 66 trip officially begins on Saturday.
the new twilight needs to come out already
My Gf Talking To Me Cute In English,Spanish & FRENCH <3 Shieett Your Gf Cant Even Speak English Right.
Super excited to attend #oii10 opening with a stellar lineup of speakers & Lisa Nakamura
still sad but changing mind now im watching ghost adventures
Off to work!!
Right now I'm pretty much at the point where I don't even know what I'm writing anymore.
Christmas with mom on the ranch. Had to ask about her new lasso. Now shes running around the party roping all the guest. Thk you boonesfarm
thanks boo :)
Get out and do something!
I like Reynolds
I have no doubt you will :)
Daughter tells me main character in story she's telling is too old to have an exact age -- maybe 10, maybe 11...
Will release low-bandwidth version to the general public? Very frustrating when I am at a WiFi hotspot and call is choppy or delayed.
All Types Check Me Out At Soundclick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat I Also Do Custom Beats Jus Email Me At With A Request
Don't worry Justin, I only repost links in social media if I'm genuinely interested. Was just crazy that app got so many followers!
thanks buddy. Just been a very trying week mentally.
thanks for the #ff love!
Illinois Gov Quinn #EdShow “we believe in our workers”. Sure wish Gov Walker thought that way.
Right now, focused on internal speed networking via video. All within the organization. Eventually beyond the org.
Safe to say I'm pretty affectionate but if I don't know you nigga don't touch me <U+270B>
Team Paul! On a non-political note, I can't wait for tonight's #topchef episode featuring
At work SUPER early, shift dnt start til 8 !
cherrios breakfast of champions
Listening is the most valuable tool online. Solid advice
#IDontHaveTimeFor the beautiful weather today thanks to all my #libraryschool work but at least i'm working next to an open window!
i bet we can play your favorite holiday songs-- let us entertain your holiday events! www.supertonicstringquartet.com
o im liking 40's hair rn :-)
Haha ikr u hooked me up RT : How the fuck did get drunk ln n not buy one drink...oh yea cuz of me!!
New TV Network in Hollywood Florida needs talent all ages for TV Film Print email can not fill jobs fast enough
I want to read it :)
More than just an education, its a way of life
Great people do not dwell on the fears they face, they act in spite of it. In everything you do have a choice. Choose to exercise it.
ask bout me bro check my resume
Here's the thing abt having 1.5 hrs of sleep in the past 48 hrs. It shifts one's priorities dramatically.
He's lost control of players and fans.
Francis Edwards~ Alls fair in love and war.
Gorgeous weather for enjoying a nice dinner on the patio of an Italian bistro.
Everybody should go follow because he's amazingg(:
Boutta pop some popcorn and reside to my room for the night.
PR firm in the Financial District , thanks for being helpful!
Shout out to my new buddy
Go Tora Bright!
Do you guys have any good psychological thrillers?
"Too many things held precious, too many things held dear; That's what I hate, that's what I fear." ::lisa loeb::it's over::
Congratulations! Good work!
I know what your saying. I feel the same way.
I wanna be someones first choice. -Something Borrowed
happy Holidays my bro!
GET A GOOGLE ACCOUNT!! :)
Keep trying. The fact is history will judge you for your bigotry.
And he's like in love with her and will do anything for her, but she just tortures him and fucks with his heart.
That letter looks really cool. Wish I had one!
I'm getting tired of yelling at my television while watching SNL.
the lonely stoner seems to free his mind at night
Available now for #free. A-Town Veteran by Cole Hart.#ebook #Streetlit .
Good Morning to you too!
If everyone around you fake you must be the fakest
on our way!
Via #PCUS: There are plans to eliminate face-to-face lectures at making room for active learning in the classroom!
. I await our imminent meeting with JOYOUS ANTICIPATION! *hides pigeons up sleeves in preparation for dramatic entrance*
Star Wars theme on the GPS. Yoda says, "Turn left in 400 yards. Do or do not, there is no try."
Didn't we drink the Maibock a few weeks ago?
my teacher made me sit in the corner for the entire period because i was sick. WHAT A SICK BITCH RIGHT? lol.
What's your favorite free #mindmapping tool?
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.
RT : We had a great time at #SOBEWFF Thank you
i hope you meant S Cats, Cats, Cats! #can'twinscrippsspellingbee
Back to this script!
": Dont expect to find the right person if you arent willing to let the wrong one go."
I found you on twitter now new neighbor!!
Only 20% left of ULYSSES. There are books that are enjoyable, and those that are experiences. This is certainly an experience. Good times.
What a terrible influence you are! Kidding! I'm sure it's easy to pick up on when you're around it
I LOVE THE ROMEO AND JULIET WITH LEONARDO DICAPRIO IN IT. ITS JUST AMAZING .
thanks for the #guitarlessons can power chords be triads?
You are beyond gorgeous and have an incredible voice. Thanks for following me. (:
Just because someone correctly identifies a problem does not mean that their solution is correct.
yes, now time to tackle all the grading!
finally off my feet. Im so lazy
well. it's YOUR silly riddle. (Why. Is a raven. Like a writing desk?)
Dont depend too much on anyone in this world. Because even your own shadow leaves you in the darkness.
#blackparentquotes Your daddy wasn't a glass maker, I thought he had a secret job because that was all she would say about his job lol
wait , did you sit in the section 215 ?! Thanks btw ! x
I thinks my older 11yo son has #ODD on top of his #ADHD plus #anxiety but how do I fix this? Drs we hav seen want to giv pills
Great vid - I know my sis in DC is super excited. Congrats on your big day to come.
I'm not saying the Yankees didn't care about this game, but I'm pretty sure I could hit a home run off Scott Proctor.
Working on backup system
I think the fact that he is "Brett Lawrie" (complete with questionable antics) just makes it over the top.Hes an...interesting guy
man i love you but u didn't follow me on my birthday
get on with this one Kate, Kim Kardashian says you are in no way more Beautiful than she is, says ur just another bleached blonde
It's not that I hate mornings. It's just that I'd wish they'd happen without me.
To all the lucky SLPeeps going to ASHA Convention in Philly, enjoy the learning, the camaradarie and the exhibit hall!!
it's the person who makes the shower hot for you so you don't have to wait for it to heat up! Lol
Great! Look forward to it!
A couple that's wanted to go to our party for 2 years is finally attending tonight to see
Just got off work... 'Bout to lay down for a few hours then go see my favorite 6 year old... My Pipster
bout to Tra La LA!
When a man's best friend is his dog, that dog has a problem. ~Edward Abbey
Um Did you get that picture with Prodigy ! ? NOT! hahahahahahahaha
U won't be last babes
Also for more insight and details about beats and studio sessions hit up FME manager or me and follow us, we also follow back!
Back from school and tired
Our gas prices have gone down here. Bet the GOP is saying it's Obama's fault
I hate hw!
I don't know if we're dead yet, but public apathy and/or ignorance are trying awfully hard to kill us off!
My 3 day weekend has begun!
Someone needs to start a fan club for his wife. She's a keeper!!
Spring break, so Rio's home. Just asked her if she was afraid of Amazon. A: "Nothing scares me except for dangerous animals."
THEY DON'T UNDERSTAND IT'S ALL PART OF THE MASTER PLAN
Who do you think the Seattle Seahawks should pick with the 12th overall selection in the NFL Draft?
Wasted memories
#Snickers. Hello ;-)
Thanks! I didn't know what was going on. Lol it sounded like water was on the audio.
huge fan of tom! please follow bak?
is cheering for you! Have fun out there!
Yay for Spring!
RT boys* #TurnOff Girls who smoke cigarettes <<<<
where are you transferring?
lets all listen to classic rock on sunny days.
Love seeing you here more! Thanks for coming!
interesting menu item, but I would never buy it
28 days of history makers...phoenomenal speakers like and host
Works going by so quick,
: They very well might! But will pirates appreciate it too? We have to worry about spending years on a book only to see it stolen.
just what the world needs - more jowls of disinterest.
I should be killed, but I make my 4 yr old plank & owl for facebook photos... Its kinda funny
why is #walkingdead so damn addicting
Just got back from shopping i kno i went ghost for lil min. but im back :)
you coming to Indy for SB? Want to try curling if so?
I learned today that there's nothing virtuous or convenient about owning rain gear and then not wearing it.
Thanks for the info....was wondering same thing. Never to old to learn!!!!
spending most of the day inside, watching the gloom, and writing some music! :)
150K raised last year for CF, let's top that this year!
Late night snack at Denny's yay!
Great day in the parking world. Very proud of my Ace Team in New Orleans opening up our new partnership the Marriott hotel in the Big Easy.
thanks for posting... very inspirational... need to start reading my horoscope. Tomorrow's my birthday. When's yours?
Quick Fact: The biggest known unpaid tab at a strip club belonged to a Missouri man by the name of Robert McCormack. The bill? $241,000
Rain delay = more time to drink and talk
What is your experience with hunger and poverty?
Well that was awkward
Living room yoga. It is the best with just carpet beneath your feet and Radiohead in the air.
Dang thats awesome
I keep thinking about Meryl's Oscar speech - and how we all need to thank the community of actors that helped us get to where we are.
its time to take my ass to bed
yehess! Basketball buddies! Casual clothes! I'm so in. They could have a spin-off.
Eating fried bananas ^.^
I'd be willing to assist with organizing such a thingy
HUGE CONGRATS to my wonderful sister and brother-in-law on their new little bundle of boy-joy: Landen Gard!!!! ~Welcome to the family!!:) xo
Trying to figure out what to do with the rest of my life....
I'm down!
R U kidding?! I invented the Dougie and I'm only too happy for the opportunity to perform it.
that's why I never go to libraries
#YouKnowYourAPotHead when you find nuggs in your shoes!
i know! Ahahahaha oops. Oh well...YOLO ;)
heading to Rehomoth! Wearing my thong! ready to pig party!
there needs to be a part 2 of shaun and/or hot fuzz please!!!!
very cool!
Opened utg with AKo to 350. Late pos 3-bet to 22k all-in. Sigh. I folded of course.
Digital marketing
a milestone for your pup. Better hide your shoes!
That was totally for you. :) "Everybody thinks they know what a (good) test looks like because they've taken one."
everything gonna be alright, just believe it and pray #TSS (via: )
On track for a record day of visits for - Anyone know why?
I was watching Millionaire and I knew the million dollar question and the guy didnt!
#thingspeopleshouldnotdo Not be on that #bartab hype!
I LOVE Pretty Girl Rock! It's such a great song!
S.U.F.I - Space Understanding and Flight Initiative
A&M Rosami's Grand Opening right now happening, Come and Join us, we have a big surprise ! 575 Keystone AV. by the Save Mart ,see you all !
WHY IS DEXTER NOT ON NETFLIX. Finally want to watch it and this is what happens
same of u.
not anywhere particular, but we've only been looking for 2 days. Have seen people say stay away from MD side. not true?
I got these two people and who really thinks ur corny smh people these days lol
so sick...
Hey, that's cool, don't you know run for that or anything.
would be a lot of work but I can get it done.
I graduate tomorrow. OMG.
Bout to escape from this class! This sub trippin!
Me too. I hate how often people flake. Too bad it wont be the last time either.
I think that's shortsighted. Just cause the va (where my wife is an rn) can be lacking doesnt mean unihealthcare has to be bad.
Back from travel again...hope everyone is having a great
was that an incorrect statement?
Just close your eyes You'll be alright Come morning light,You and I'll be safe & sound...
Statistics are like a bikini; what is revealed is interesting, but what is concealed is crucial. -A.R. Feinstein.
RT : RT : A1: What has changed is the sheer number of products & services available to consumers
you already have one
"On any given day, 1% of internet users are using these services." Pew report on the use of tools like Foursquare or Gowalla
Haven't had the chance to get on Twitter until just now. The Jeremy Lin story. WOW. The overnight package wrote itself.
Happy Easter to those who celebrate! Enjoy this beautiful Sunday!
knows it's officially spring because the produce stand is back out on library mall!
good good *nods my head approvingly*
Hello September, Goodbye August, up yours Wintertime, don't eat Sawdust!!! just a tip there for you, it's very dry!
“: This was hysterical ->Obama pwns Trump is.gd/ph6S53
How are you going to hate me because my marketing prices are lower than yours????
Energy drinks r extremely unhealthy. If people only new that fresh fruits & vegetables provide enough energy.
Does #reallysimplestatistics take requests? Any wise words about multicollinearity?
Indian oscars next girl
Clock is ticking. Don't miss Alexander McQueen: Savage Beauty @ the Metropolitan Museum of Art (NYC). Runs through July 31st.
Awesome! RT : The owner of , just followed me and RT'd me, so yeah, my day was just made.
Show tonight at the Refuge. Come out. All proceeds go to the family of Baby Bethany to support them in this time of hardship. Come out. AE
Dang, I need her to lay off the steroids seriously
it's news to the casual fan, not the die-hards.
yes! i was just about to tell you
I'm scheduling you to be on our Quadrophenia episode, btw.
Happy Monday everyone! Hope you have a great start to your week!!!!!
Got & on my radio for the commute to work!
Your booty got me lost like nemo.
Thanks for re-tweeting my information. Hope to work with you soon.
what is wrong with these people? Candy AND ghostbusters? What's a librarian to do?
thinking about throwing some js/node/socket/redis at making a web ui for watching crawl state/logs
“: Two passes...no drops....” but were they caught?
You are so brave
Hey Hey Hey!!!!
I'm scouting location for a People Magazine cover shoot on Monday. I need a green back ground with Blue skies above. Anyone got ideas?
Almost finished ah
Looks like a Severe T-Storm Watch may be possible over the DC area up through PA this afternoon. Stay safe!
Our modern leaders seem to be unable to discern between root causes and symptoms. Trimming branches might get votes, but false sense of cure
Thanks to everyone who came out on our acoustic adventure. See you soon :)
Strange African fruit draws Penises on Everybodys Face while they're Sleeping
I was waiting for people to come get me or get me info for the place I was supposed to stay at, no one ever got back. :/
Lost a heartbreaker last week.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY !! Thanks for being an amazing and fun second mom to me whenever we hanged out. I love you very much :)
Crying my eyes out ... <U+E411>
RT : I always text at the rudest hours. He's going to cuss me out one of these mornings lol<#ignorantass lol
Pumped to talk abt today for the Symposium on 4/4
that's right!! I'll be there and expect you to be off crunches!!
The only required book for one of my classes is The Hunger Games!
Sorry American Football speak, Pats as in Patriots lol x
A pig's orgasm lasts up to 35 minutes!!
And here come the tears... Great
: #YOLO Y=You O=Only L=Love O=One Direction! Soo true haha;)
Come on !! I love the #masters. Always worth watching.
Rg3 and childish gambino soundtrack? Thanks
Headed to the state convention in Pueblo!!
it was joke make.me cut u
That's neat.
It won't let me have it Justin!!!:(
Susan Hildreth: Local content is important - what is local and special in our communities?
So thankful for child-eating whales today. You have NO idea.
If the Sharks don't qualify for the playoffs or (if they do) push all the way to the finals, is this team coming to an end?
I try to do my english homework and i end up watching jenna marbles
Can we now shut up about Straponburg bo?
What did he rip up this time? RT : Kurt Busch was interesting today.
Awesome presentation from PCPL TAG coordinators and their teens for their session ! Way to do sweet community engagement!
Common sense should have told me he'd be in Boston. Sigh.
“: . Who got that $1B again? You still haven't named a single company...” Oh, then it didn't happen? Ok
Actually! I need to test strawberry rhubarb for next week, so I can bring the test to the pie party!
waiting for Georgia to get out of dance practice
Nick!!!! Chillin Fam :) How are you?!
RT is looking for a Sr level Exchange Engineer in Richmond, Va. Excellent compensation package!
Nice, i like my bitches big! RT : now me and my amstaff bitch will protect you from bath! :D
yo Marty! everyting bless man? long time no see
on Jeopardy, hands down. Alex Trebek. It's the only game show that allows a brain !
I need more friends
Take charge of your Financial Future - Dave Wozniak
Tough loss lets head to Colorado and get a win.
Because his little wife thingy is.. Well not too nice :b
bored watchin tv wishin he would txt me
love you guys!!!
How about those first place Red Bulls?
I've been trying ALL DAY ! and so far it's been an amazing Day ! Please make it beyond amazing by following back please !
Oh ok lol
America loves you Heal up and bring home some golden hardware in '12!
I'm from Detroit
lmao that will be me Monday when I have to make all the stuff up..
We're getting geared up to Open Soon....lots to share....lots to TWEET!
A girl knows her limits, but a wise girl knows she has none. - Marilyn Monroe
no problem! It was good seeing u sweetie!
passwords... sigh. me, too.
will do...thanks
. to clarify, "pork sword" was never on the table.
My mind can only project a small limited idea of what I am capable of-based on past experience. I let go of listening to my limited mind.
If u know me u know im often goofy n sarcastic. Im a loyal lover n i set goals n work hard. I can def b quiet but i prefer to laugh n talk
we love you more. :-)
Y u unfollow me
5/5 plo cash game this is a sick game!
The Facebook iPad app is up and available. What do you think?
So ....how u doin!! cant wait to see you on iCarly and SNL tonight!!! #BIGFAN <3
Apparently a huge crowd trying to listen online to you also because the SiriusXM player will not load!
MyersRVCenter thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Today is a new day! New beginnings are in store for us!
RT : The great thing about a smile is that when you give one away you almost always get one in return!
thank you!
If you're willing to stand at a poll on May 8th and hold a Lugar for Congress sign, send us an email at
That annoying moment when you think you'll have the house to yourself for the night and then your parents don't go out.I miss my dorm.
enjoyed that smash mouth hit you put on the Gator today.
If you ain't texted me in a couple of days, I'll get the memo!
Can't wait to christmas shop ! For myself !
i saw your work on vimeo! great stuff!
This Friday at belle isle brewery
The #Heat are doing there thing!
Too.much.shopping.today. #exhausted Also, Girl w/ Dragon Tattoo even better second time around!
Goodmorning.. Its 7:24am here. I should sleep now.
Whether you are asking for help from a #charity or #donating, make sure it is #legit before you give your information.
Good Tuesday!
We have two strong 1-3NLH games going with two seats open. Come on over to get in on the action!
Lots of #cunyevents today! Which one(s) did you go to?
: Did you flush a #Wisconsin toilet on average of once per day in 2011? We want to count your jobs, 365 times!
Premising muslims should be profiled as anti-American is inaccurate in or out of context.
gave impassioned, articulate response about need to found digital society and economy on empowered digital individual
RT I #votesmart by not buying into lesser-of-two-evils fear-mongering propaganda
i feel horrible
RT : "Don't sign up to work for someone whose values aren't true to you." - Maria Shriver
good morning, everyone!! I have been up since 5:30!!
I be on.that elite shit, that hbk heart break k freak shit .....I beat the p upppppppppuppppp....50 ¢ killed it....
#MyPastRelationships minus one were all bullshit !
I am officially in love. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Great, see you at the front desk at 12:30!
i'm so in need of a celebration
its cute when i make u drool !!!
Surveillance video shows suspect robbing dollar store in NE Harris County - KHOU (blog)
I was just walking listening to Empire of the Sun's Walking on a Dream, & a bug flew in my mouth.
Today I published Content on , attempting to use Timeline in a narrative, humorous way. deleted the content three times.
Apparently I'm supposed to call Freddie "Big Nig" and I'm "Wiglet" now... :'D.
Congrats to employee for winning Battledecks this morning! Great work!
Funny: Amazon doesn't differentiate btwn me & Chris Stedmans who wrote "World's Best CLEAN 2012 Joke Book" & "Doorway:The Soccer Ball Quest"
I hear ya.
:-/ sigh face
PubbyPower tonight on Milwaukee Street - Tweet #FreePints at our show and see what happens, BE THERE.
Saw someone #rollerblading today. I had no idea people still did that.
Thanks Richard for reminding us that you can't climb mountains without taking the first step.
How u gunna fart near the door so ppl can't stand near the door
too good to follow people back.
last night got to see Samantha Spies and Daniel Burkholder
Having a blast at the first annual picnic
I just hope that you miss me a little when im gone.
you & the should select a loyal STH to go to MSG to represent… like me!
listening to npr over itunes. cool.
since you are officially doing the dailygrape thing will you start merging some of the wine library nuances over to DG?
i knew you would
You know it's a good day when Ghostface Killah is a clue on the crossword
Story not playing by the rules tonight. If I bang my head on the table, will the story pour from my ears the way I envision it?
Please tell me you are referring to Wilson Phillips? If not, please ignore me:)
are u mad about the blackhawks losing in OT? Cuz that sucked
Your new song is really inspiring ok, I will admit that. <U+270C>
RT State baseball at Isotopes Park on hold for at least another 30-45 min. La Cueva and Carlsbad "might" have to play tmrw
#LOL THE NERVE OF PEOPLE #TWEETING WHO #UNFOLLOWED THEM!!! YEAH I DID IT!!! U WASNT #FOLLOWING ME. #F4F THIS WAY!
hey now my man wants me and loves me and I'm not bitching
John Waters should make a commercial with Mitt Romney leading the bunny hop like in Crybaby.
My new rich name is emerald chingang
It didn't, but it does now.
Hey girl! You should come to the premiere of Una Noche a Cuban film that is in competition at Tribeca!
I feel like I'm going to have a seizure. I hate presenting in front of a class. Put me in the middle of a stadium, I'm fine. Class of 60? No
LeBron James winning MVP was an easy choice, but I'm still riding with Kevin Durant in the playoffs
that looks amazing. Where did you find this?
APRIL FOOLS DAY COVER SHOW! YELLOWCARD. BLINK182. RAMALLAH. BRAND NEW COME BRO DOWN!
I love him what a hottie lol
Warnex Receives Funding for 'Touch DNA' Analysis
can you ask dahvie if he would like to come to disneyland in California i would love to meet him as a graduation present &u2
Fun night checking out songwriters at Downtown Credo tonight w/
It's official, I should not be allowed to go to the mall!
Anything for the kiddies! RT : Thanks for the support!
thanks girll! Message me your number on facebook or somethingg!(:
You will be seeing me at the end of the summer! Cant wait!! Following you now, follow back to keep in touch!!
Oh wow, a This is Sparta bot. Now I know what to type when I want to get mentioned.
you hate me
My bestfriend said she been having sex dreams about me so I sent her a nakey pic, I knew she wanted me Lmaoo .
Chillin' in Bozeman, MTizzle. Montana State University is pretty sweet... Quite a few heads in MT
Please tell me I'm not the only one who cried like a baby at the end of Catching Fire. XD
Will you please tweet That she is beautiful? Please
Thanks to our weekly sponsors: , Crescent Market and Lassiter Drug!
thanks for the follow guys! I appreciate the support. Help is get our name out there, & RT!
It's OK, we knew what you meant. RT : I think I'm going to call a technical on myself for that bad tweet.
Learning about iBook author - in a 2 hour session at my work. nice.
We love to treat our patients at Madison No Fear Dentistry & Nothing beats a warm fresh-baked cookie on a cool fall day!
THIS IS THE TALE OF SWEATY TITIS SPRINKLE!
That is seriously excellent. I am sure you deserve it. Will check out EOTS and hope to imitate your success.
Buckets of money held captive outside US amounts to huge acquisition opportunities in foreign markets.
yea I'm glad they didn't sign him lol
Schnitzel lovers, head straight to in BevHills for a stellar veal schnitzel with potato salad and lingonberries. Apfelstrudel, 2.
Follo<U+03C9><U+261B>Rob Delp Weather if only to get that cool green swirly thing on your timeline
#best90squotes The Boys Are Back At Town... ~Full House~
aw meh love eminem for life
Haha and BC wins!! RT : A House divided today?
Dude the reason benny bos was outta food
I found my 80 page 4th step!!! In a box at my mom's. Yayyyyeeee. Thank Baby Jesus in da manger!
Don't start reading 's THE ASSASSIN AND THE PIRATE LORD unless you have enough time to read it straight through!
do you still use the same process as described in your post: Universal Static Libraries? I want to do this the right way too
you see that scum bag torres' hit on hossa?
did i say something way too honest that made you run and hide like a scared little boy?
follow Managing Editor for News for coverage for the #AUANC Tom Smith/ town hall
On October 19, Microsoft advertised Kinect on The Oprah Winfrey Show by gifting Xbox 360 consoles and Kinect bundles to the guests.
Hm maybe, just maybe...
Sold my unwanted Outback gift cards on ! First-timer & so happy to find this service (thanks, honey)! #Vegans don't need Outback.
omg i know!!! get a mohawk, sister and deacon would luv that, btw you know i saw deacon being all manly in his truck smoking! ew
all of the tweets coming are plz follow me. it is her twiiter let her be. let her follow anyone she wants. ariana is ariana
Life has its ups and downs and there is nothing we can do about it.
Nice, I was thinking of getting a scooter! They are going great! Thanks for asking.
I've never kept track. Usually get 4-5 doubles and then eat whatever else the wife & boy don't eat.
y cant things/life be simple/easy. its always a no win situation. i need space but then i miss u, then where were 2gether i need space.
#konysurrender is so important. Don't stop until he does. #kony2012 We're going to get him off the battlefield.
aw snap! it's a harry potter weekend!!!
-if i had one wish, you'd be my boo, promise to love you. trust me, I'll trust you.
I guess Al Gore was right #global warming
I'm currenty using my old blackberyy.
Will do thanks
Bronchitis Home Remedy | Natural Health Magazine: Bronchitis home remedy is essential whenever you are looking for ways on how to tre...
So exciting! You are in for a treat, the weather is going to be fantastic this weekend! Make sure to bring your sunblock! Enjoy
Who are the Pens free agents???
I thought you might be. :)
OK LADIES ITS TIME FOR THE HOTTEST CONTEST IN .com 50k & A MODELING CONTRACT
I've been sick for like 2 weeks im starting to get worried blah
So I stopped tweeting and my homegirl thought I dropped out...I can't imagine If I actually did. She'd prolly think I was dead. smh
Okay it's official .
Mariachi band playing in front of Onyx Cocktail Lounge on Fifth Avenue in Gaslamp.
Day one of eating #paleo (or at least 80/20). So far so good! But what to eat tomorrow?
Whoa. The imaginary marching band really is quite similar to invisible instruments. Nice.
Our services will also include assistance with transition into permanent housing.
This is a joke right? Just saw article he lost custody. I don't comment on celebs but do on child abuse issues. Dah!
The DiMaggio vs. Pollock conversation might have been the greatest dialogue ever written for (great lines, )
So an hr late to work today lol
have used probably 6 times, and had 5 great experiences. still, recommended!
Lmao cool, cool well you just gott make the best of it ! ;)
Last comment. I don't understand why is making a HUGE deal on how Philly beat us... WE DONT HAVE OUR 2 BEST PLAYERS!!!! That is all.
CONSTRUCTION: US 26 eastbound on ramp at 185th, no delay
All of human reasoning is metaphoric.
Four Burgers in central sq has some really good burgers
Sitting here with my big sister love her so much her and my nephew. Love you casey and tj
APII might bounce from here...
if you think you’re alone, put on my music cause I’m gonna be there for you.
Listening to John Cale's Vintage Violence this morning for the first time in several years... (1/2)
New York for the summer sounds good.
Failure won't ever surpass me in case my conviction to succeed is strong enough.
We had a great show this weekend! Thanks to all who came out. More exciting stuff happening soon.
yeah but rangel's got plenty of company in that respect
They say everything happens for a reason. They forget to mention that everything also always happens all at once!
": Statistically, your chance of being murdered is 1 in 20,000." I figure mine has to be at least triple that
Is anyone at wantagh park?
im glad you got over 400 followers now! :)
RT Money & success don't change people; they merely amplify what is already there ~Will Smith
kills me too!
I don't know if parenthood is blissful for all, but being the mother of this little girl is HEAVEN on Earth! LOVE HER!
Well, I still blog about my cycling stuff, among other things.
RT : Join us for "Talking Back to Pop Culture: How to Create Better Stories About Women Using Video Remix" on November 7...
alright alright alright
agreed, at least untill you hit `/` to search
who are u telling!
cartoons died when Spongebob took over
If I agreed with you, we'd both be wrong.
Why do people hate Tebow, the guy's magic. Won't be able to handle the man Brady though ! haha
- dunno, man! Hopefully soon! We'll be out of town this weekend, though.
“: best session today - Steven Bell's talk on design thinking for better libraries #sla2011”
1day some wealthy mufuka wit #plugs gon put #Memphis on da #map. All #rappers just #jet on da city #welldam okay
is anyone seeing June 18 at Six flags over Texas?
Nachos and Lemonheads in my dad's boat!
Beer Fact: Mouthfeel: A sensation derived from the consistency or viscosity of a beer, described, for example, as full or thin.
Okay, fuck Maine, we're so moving to Florida! <3
Can not forget the past
Was looking at that NYT link you sent out. Not surprised that in the ACC - #WFU students have the most debt, #Clemson the least.
today when I was trying to throw the bail over the fence to my horses and somehow cut myself a little bit.
not usually my first location for custserv though
This world will never be, what I expected.
Real talk though, Kim Kardashian is a bigger threat to the symbolic sanctity of marriage than any same sex couple.
LOL "sure droid sure" ah #longdistanceproblems. It's absolute hell. Miss you tory cutie <3
wait, andrea died??
I swear is on fire today, what am I 18 again?
I really need to jump in the shower
Best mother's day gift? Sign her up for league tennis, then give her a "night out with the girls" each week. Beats a gym!
still never changed my name yet. <3 i love you!
Proj based learning essential. Can we do it ALL in 6hrs of school a day? What role do #afterschool programs play?
LOL! Good 1 RT : Frank Vogel isn't too worried about his 15k fine.... Apparently Roy Hibbert has a coupon he can use.
88* tomorrow and no work
Great cause, thanks for the opportunity looking forward to it! speak soon Fiona
Mind Jam Q: Parents Mag found that babies first words are Mommy or Daddy- What is next on the list?
I'll certainly give it a shot!
A lowkey #FACT RT : Women are more sexual & freakier than men.
I was just made aware that the bible, indeed, does NOT mention anything about praying for the weedheads. Ops lmao. JKs, JKs. Dont stone me
He's just a boy who doesn't understand whats in front of him. She's just a girl who doesn't know how to let go.
Do you hear that? It's the sound of blessings in the air!
I need more followers tell you friend to follow me lol
according to CSN Sounders will host Toronto Mar.17
RT Happy date of birth to Love you Alissa. What a yr it's gonna be!! Love you too!
a little trio always starts the day off right.
Happy 2012 Every One :)
Entrepreneurship is the hardest profession you can get into. There are no roadmaps. No textbooks or guides . It is you vs. the world.
Life happens.
when ever there is a Major league rehab the minor league stadium becomes a mad house, not to mention he god awful to watch
Its only Tuesday night & it feels like a week has gone by. This is what happens when you're open at American AND UK business hours.
I already did :)
Um I step outside and thought I was in Chi town........ Really tho this Cold is too much lol
the month wait time kills me. These episodes are great...
Seriously. The revolutionary thing about iOS is that it eliminated the stylus.
I said that I wish I could visit Joanne Trattoria.
It's warmer in Nashville this week than in California. Finally!
Ready to call it a night sweet dreams twitter/FB folks much love muahhhhhhh
Anyone heard the new Kanye West song ""Theraflu?" Fail or Cray?
I'm jealous! When u c Kim, tell her to stop tweeting so much and to stop wearing weave - remind her that she's white. Have fun!
I LOVE doing MBSS. I like the outpatients I think the most!
Let every man be respected as an individual and no man idolized.
Irish pub at 8 am?
“: Have a good show, !” thanks man, gonna b a good one!
#Somewhereinthehood Ain't no steppin' in without a weapon in
I fxcked the name if that song up in my earlier tweet.
I'm double-fisting my #fridayreads/weekend reads: I, IAGO and HELEN KELLER IN LOVE. Both too good to put down!
Hmm. Sounds fishy. Although I wouldn't go as far as and say it was a trap. Most likely a letter was s'posed to come.
Mom: What do you think I am, made of money? Daughter: Isn't that what MOM stands for?
You got spark, you got spunk, you got something all the boys want.
how to I tell you without letting errrbody know? -__-
www.lightingever.com
Re: FOUND DOG - he's back home! His owners claimed him about an hour ago. Thanks for spreading the word!
Why am I awake at 6:10 AM on a Saturday? Oh, well. It gives me more time to work on the scrapbook i'm giving Falling in Reverse. -Sara
RT : People with many interests live, not only longest, but happiest.
Looking forward to seeing y'all. Care to join, ?
Live every act fully, as if it were your last
School was pretty fun.
Thanks for following
I am still shocked that you did this. someone should give you money.
Need to talk to my two consultants
it's a written "chat", follow CMT's link, it will take u to our fb page and you can join us!
I don’t want the glow, I want the glory
Thank you for answering my question and signing my Cool Whip!
Total nightmare for a control freak & for students who aren't used to the freedom of decisions.
The human mind treats a new idea the same way the body treats a strange protein; it rejects it. Medawar, P. B.
#Str8LykeDes... Ion wanna talk believe what you want real shit.. I tried of childish people...
smh who u telling im hot bout that bcuz he didnt/dont have to do stuff like that
I miss ! but im just setting here home by myself obsessing over bluejeans and stuff! ;)
Who is wearing shorts in the workplace today? This humidity in Van Hise is making my hair a little frizzy... :/ wa-wa.
So important - curate content but never pirate content!
Romney is very rapidly turning back into a slightly liberal moderate. I wouldn't mind voting for him, actually.
I found an airtight syllabus, and (kind but firm) consistency on my part made all the difference.
"Try to put on your innovation blinders" Great agency speak on
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!
“: Kansas isn't all that. Osu should have taken care of business without Sullinger.
money money money
Yankees fans that r still shocked and Tex performance at the plate amaze me,havernt yall been watching this guy hit the last 3 yrs.
not going tonight. Just hurt my foot.
Get a special matinee price to King Tut when you visit The Children's Museum of Indianapolis weekdays from 2:00pm-close.
will do and thanks :)
I stand with you guys and say it: Fed crackdown on medical pot is criminal and downright immoral
I know but I was generous enough to give it lol
Feet just touched down in CHICAGO!!!
Legitimately dont think sheila has ever correctly played a song i'm trying out for a solo with
thank you for following
Awh you'll do well! And good to hear from you too! And I'm so occupied with my band when I should be worrying about my finals :/
go on you &type in STEVE KARDYNAL DOES WARPED!! ;P
sounds like a human being
Rita, you did your thing that December. Thank you.
Thanks for the follow and stay social
Hoping The Menu has something good in store for me tonight...
RT : Service design can promote sharing over owning and create service envy -Shelley Enanson/Facebok
This just in from Philly...The Penguins scored again. It is now 11-3!
Katy's hair looks dreadful!!! EWWWW!!!
There we go #Sixers!!!!
Smash time!
Hey have a great day & surprise someone cook or buy them dinner it it's fun..
#CreativeCloud still question the Cloud
Lawl RT ": it's the dudes who never got hoes to begin with that got these spare tire ass bitches thinking 24's"
The answer to last tweet about guessing price for a Japanese antique plate: C. $25,000.
haha! My second favorite: "Hey girl, I like what I see above (and below) the fold."
You might be right.lol especially since we have enough vodkas.
Have I mentioned I'm going to Disneyland on Thursday? I'm so excited!
Amen to that!
Congrats!!! That's awesome, good luck! At least you'll still be close to home
thanks! I am sure you will get to it and it will look wicked awesome. All full of Cardinals and cats in bath tubs and stuff...
Stop making fun! Lol what's up man?
They talkin bout how funny think like a man was on lets stay together. Man i gotta see that movie this weekend
I dont understand what your fucking problem is but you have been really fucking bitchy lately and I DON'T LIKE IT.
R.I.P. Davy! I still to this day sing Your songs.
this may or may not be because the Reds manager is Named #Dusty Baker.. Which definitely is my favorite name in all of sports
¦R¦E¦T¦W¦E¦E¦T¦ Hey follow me:D
it was one of the better life choices I have made I must say
Why do I have an appetite of a whale today?! A subway sandwhich. two cookies and three cups of coffee later!!!
Just submitted vCenter Ops Standard Lab for #VMworld 2011. May even get to be a Lab Captain this year!
OH It's 5am,
Chiana:Have you been messing with the couch? My "cushion dent" doesn't feel right.
Just home from Toronto...What an amazingly vibrant city! Got to see a great Elliott Brood show...Thanks for hooking me up, Steve Pitkin!!!
Spending the day to myself
Can't help but wonder how many tweets I have to retweet before I win something
take those fucking heals off its worth it girl nothin is what I can picture you in take that fucking dress off I swear you wont forget me ;*
thanks for the follow :) have you checked out our music yet?! :)
special shout out always great to know an accomplish author. I been wrkig on a S play for 10 yrs book 4 15
I went from having one niece to, two nephews & a niece this yr. My pockets bout to be thin.
quit copying my volvo swag.
iam not impressed..at al
Hahhaa was inspired by the trends. We know what that means...
Jealous! Where u at? Definitely in June when I'm back.
I go to sleep looking forward to tomorrow, because I'll be one step closer to my dreams :).
hi mike, good to know re: iStreamer, good for my living room that is, not my wallet. Both good deals though!
it is mine now too it is so funny and cute
girls, please show more of your ass off in your fb pic, it's not already noticeable enough of course.
Character counter not only inaccurate but also my DMs are blocked, incorrectly flagged as over 140.
My Cocker Spaniel Dog is the cutest but dumbest dog alive
Appears to be another muggy day in the Great Plains today.
THANKS to EVERYONE who came out. IT WAS WAY FUN of a show!!!
Austiin you so got this<3
don't act like you don't know. Lame
#neverapologizefor being honest
Congrats to the Bat Cats for pulling out a thrilling, extra-inning win tonight against Indiana.
Is there a song in their somewhere? ;-)
Really??? I can't believe it. I don't think SK+G had the best tag....proof you need social media front and center!
tnx i followed bak can yhu also follow ILL FOLLOW YUH BAK WIT IT ALSO
ur so beautiful god bless u they laugh at u cause ur beautiful and there not lmao
Cool, see you soon!
Just realized it's probably not a good idea to live tweet my paper-writing difficulties when my professor follows me.
it actually makes sense. Heaven is filled with boring people who only tolerate each other if a horrible pastime is involved
lmao I'm not a mom, I don't have kids!! Hahhahaha
'The problem is not in our behavior; the problem is in US. We don't need an upgrade. We need transformation. We need a miracle.'
Its raining this early in the day! #FloridaWeather .....
Is it wrong that my son & his friends want to sing the BeeGees song Stayin Alive for a school project when they visit an assisted living hm
...its paid. Surprise.
Carbon Monoxide is extremely harmful and can kill within minutes. Consider installing a CO detector for the safety of you and your family!
like us on Facebook!
It's Natl Coquilles St. Jacques Day! It's a rich mixture of butter, cream, mushrooms and Parmesan cheese, baked in a scallop shell.
Thanks for the #FF love!
Isn't AAM May 2nd? I'm so confused! (and have no access to my personal email/calendar yet :P)
I don know where these welts comin from but theyre killin me. Tried epsom salt bath, tried benadryl, tried everything :-(
My iPhone... sounded cool idea to iphone5 or billups leaves: um, no. he's finally in trouble for velvet.
Been loving #couchella with the incredible live stream. Andrew Bird, The Shins, and Explosions have all rocked it. Stoked for Bon Iver
true statements all around but
“All wealth is based upon systems” "Think of these business systems as bridges. Bridges that will provide a path for you to cross safely...
Why waste your time getting hurt by someone, when there’s someone else out there waiting to make you happy?
I don't think that'll help o.o lol
Redneck word of the day "Apparent" its obvious to me lookin at your belly your gonna be apparent!
might as well crack out the bible and the holy water.
Nice pick that's what I'm doin right about now.
Cant Wait to have u there !!
Thanks for the retweet! What's new with you?
W/e
Wait one second.....! is married with children!? Lol #themost I didn't know! #knowledgedlearnedfromTerrellTilford .com
So today feels like day to juss sleep (yawns)
TONIGHT! LIVE IN THE MIX AT EL MERCADO BALLROOM!! BIG DEBUT!!! TOMORROW ALL TEENS HEAD OUT TO CLUB MANSION! ONLY $5 ALL NIGHT!!
are you running a high fever?????
Good evening. :)
that tweet could be hashtagged with
Ricky Barnes -4 in first round at
Holy Shit !!! I can't believe how blind i was LOL In 2 weeks i will have my right eye operated on
Save money today on ERock! RT : Early Registration END's Tonight! Last chance to register before the fees go up
RT : When we're not ready to learn, everything seems obvious. When we're ready, the simplest things are profound.
Good night mahomies! and much letters of love kjagskfgJAGFKHGDSHSGkjdshkghakjfhgknzxkjhbzxn<3
RT : Creative and engaging advocacy from the M.N. Spear Memorial Library in Shutesbury, Mass. What unique way(s) has......
thx for coming. hope u enjoyed the films :)
Can't believe this bitch just peed on the fuckin kitchen floor.. he gon say chrissy water water.. den pee
seriously! please come out here and make it easier for us fans. I really want to see you in LA
working on out innovating them right now.
what!? Your the one who kissed him ! Hahaha
Are you going to visit Paula Deen's House o' Butter?
Tonight come kick back tonight w us at filmbar. 2nd st just South of Roosevelt. We gotta cool vibe going on for our wed night "The Hump"...
That was so unrelated
Is it sad that I am excited the ESPN iPhone App just updated the College Football section with all week 1 games? (Times TBD)
Voting now on #Budget4All, supports robust safety net w/ invstmts in child nutrition, affordable housing, and
Happy St Patricks Day Weekend to all my Irish Tenors and lilting Lassies! May the Irish Luck be with you!
absolutely, gonna get it on my calendar now!
Exciting H&A updates to share. Finalizing details. Announcements to be made through out February!
non comparable.
We must unite as one until we get our man in the dugout! RYNO!!!
He was one of the pioneers of the digital age. If I had a black turtleneck, I would be wearing it tomorrow.
a religious man might tell you that He wouldn't give you anything you couldn't handle.
Today is a good day for some ROI.....
My favorite public bathrooms are the ones with black toilets. No one needs to see that shit.
u obviously no more than me but not sure i agree W/ this from outside looking in
emani is like a sis to me. So....
new york really loves you! :)
Props on new gig w/NBC. America's awaiting u & Seacrest to cover the Olympics, for u to make us laugh & him cry #please?!
Until I discovered Really Expensive Denim at age 22, all my pants ran high water. Maybe this is the root of my resistance to "ankle"?
Yes! are we on Q4? Did I miss the prompt?
PA is actually a pretty state, at least to drive through. Rolling, lush, green hills. Must be beautiful in fall...
I'd certainly think so
that's so money!
Net10 sucks, bought the wrong minutes card and customer support would not refund my minutes or service days. I'm getting a new cell company.
She want that c c c c c c cake... Oh baby I like it.
Sometimes I dream of moving to San Francisco (& Paris!) but then I look at the rental prices & think I'd rather just visit more often!
"Sometimes we stare so long at a door that is closing that we see too late the one that is open."
White Tiger Sweatshirts are in!!!!! Come buy yours today!
Lmaooo no O.O she better not -.-
#VisualsViaVenom = Video Producer of the Year! Congratulations ! Thanks for all of you guys' support!
hah yeah total dare devils crossing the street without looking #yolo lol
please participate in #kohails patch testing and sign-off process
snow was my enemy today. The stupid white stuff decided to fall only during the morning commute in Cincinnati this morning. Fun. ;)
Loyal to my soil
I Will Always Lovee You '!
China quite dumping crappy products here. Fair trade too.
541. See ya!
Thanks for the RT. How have you been?
sully! today at school, i had an epiphany. i related my whole life right now to what you went through!
Doumit ties everything up at Target Field. Fireworks baby, fireworks.
RT : Blocking social networking sites is like building a fence. Does the fence have a gate in it? Is it a barbed wire fence?
nope. they never mentioned his name.
Excuse me mam sint my fault i misspelled ONE word ! But Meisha over here perkibg on you !
Why do quys say they'll call us, when they never do?. We wonder if it was just a one-niqht stand?. Why do WE have to text them first?. O.o
RT : he needs to to be out and about. Sure would like to see him ^_^ <~ WE SHALL BE
If they keep it up, Genoa and Inter will finish this 8 on 8.
Factor God into all equation in your life You+God =Power&Success
Sometimes, I wonder...if my child would have been a good person...would have good moral character...would treat people right...
"As a matter of fact, our leverage in the elections quite candidly goes up as the voting populace goes down."
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 8
@ my cuzins b-day.
Yayy aunt followed me!!!!!! Thank you !!:D
Workouts to blow off steam are the beat.
Cleaned all day.. it feels so good to sit :)
@ How am i full of bullshyt tho
You'd be amazed how few people send thank-you cards after interview. #USCEdGrad Palisoc
Airport, boston time :) with
I wonder what & will be doing when I drive through GB at 4:30.
change of plans mk losers semi, losers final and grandfinal will be streamed
You know what happens when you don't comply with the venue requirement of 15 U.S.C. § 1692(i)? Some consumer lawyerin', that's what.
In case you can't tell, we had an AWESOME time at the premiere tonight. Breaking Dawn!
Today is Multiple Personality Day! What? Yeah who? I mean me! No I mean me. Wait. You? Me!
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 66F FAIR
I got some Apple Kush. Hit me up.
just saw a ghetto midget wow, our boy ryan is in denver, and I just got quized on my ny I'd and forgot where I lived
: Can't make it today. SO bummed. Too many stuffs to do in too many places! NEXT TIME! GIVE'm HELL!
Stay safe #Wichita. Batten down the hatches.
so my bestfriend calls me just to tell me that i will not be going to UH because im moving in with him and going to San Jac.
can kill 150 people
OOOOhhhh, hello :) First tweet, and i'm hungry
You don't get a better education going to a more expensive school, you just get better contacts...
Done with AP exams!
Matt Smith is in Central Park filming Doctor Who. I would kill to meet him.
that awkward moment when someones "Gucci" sign is missing a C ..lmao tho funny, its very sad lol
In the last hour they've gone through a mouse and two bunnies. They're gonna get huge!
Ugh dev is perfect
Hope's shrinking, When I try to speak, no words; lip-syncing, Hope this is not just wishful thinking.......Kn
awesome, will do.
We have a Twitter account for those who live or visit Abilene, Texas!
Joe, the Pitt game may be on ESPN 8 - "The Ocho".
There 2 Chainz Tweets Are Funny
Any time!
This #megamillions thing is like a real life version of the golden ticket in Willy Wonka!
Irritated as fuck.
I just got called off work but I'm not gonna tell the sitter....BWAHAHAHAHA
What should I do with my week off?! Sleep? Do laundry? Have sex!?
This is really who I am, and it took a long time to be okay with that. -Lady Gaga
The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue. ~ Dorothy Parker
I hate the battery in my phone it dies to fast. Ugh
Kudos to Gov, Christie!
it's amazing how easy the "adding to circles" functions works
lol Don't get surgery you look fine.
RT State Police crisis negotiators talking w man threatening to jump from Tobin Bridge. Lane closures
Responded to FIRE @ 1063 New Lots Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11208 and helped 5 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
Hey you, sir, just made my day!! Hope you got a double cheese!
There inability to hit HRs or even score runs is what bothers me.
May you have a great day, and no bull$hit come your way !!
I'd vote for something floating in the toilet before I vote for obama or whatever his name is!!!!!
One of the most effective exercises to target upper body is the push-up. With so many variations, it's easy to find a favorite!
I love that when my kid says he loves me, or his mama, or his brother, he includes that he loves himself too.
Aw, you two talked again? :)
Exhausted today...I need a massage. And a margarita ...
Merry Christmas to everyone, and especially to those behind the steel bars. I know it's a tough day brothers and sisters, much love for you.
Bought to sleep~ and forget about orgo!
sounds familiar!
OR 30 days from original tweet. And "challengers" have 30 days to unseat it. King of the Mountain-style.
danm my girl is coming over and my house looks like a tornado passed through gotta do the quicky through everything in the closet
Can a team have 3 shutdown corners?
Free webinar today, 2 pm ET. & lead discussion on real-life #libjobhunt strategies. Register now...
;) great sex! Lol
Lmao girls from the Philippines probably have a legitimate reason to think this.
Julie just woke me up from a dream in which Ashton Kutcher and I were becoming really good friends. Thank you for waking me up.
are we ever gonna chill and scream dude?
What?? Why? ": Source confirms Jarrod Uthoff leaving #badgers men's hoops team."
No moochin over here (:
Hi Melissa, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand your client's campaigns. Follow me to DM?
Fake As Fuck ?
The fog is so thick on the way to Austin. It&quot;s like we&quot;re on the road to musical heaven.
"Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away."
Dinner and drinks with and is a happy panda!
Thanks I love all the input on new music ! <U+E00E> (via )
Overnight his ass to me and I can start with knee caps...
When walks too slow <
We wish we were there too! Miss you so much :)
All of our counselors know their partners!!! Camp is getting so much closer!!!!
I GOT HER FUCKED UP BOUT ME.......
to everyone who wants to judge me, I only have one thing to say: If your so damn perfect, let me see you walk on water...
hating this first band at the #rooney show. waiting paitiently for robert and the rooneys.
RT : Aye! U can burn up wit all dat lol
Those damn love bugs are back in Central Florida. Had to grab some out of my hair on my break before. Ugh. My head is not a honeyroom suite!
Women: you get to drink free at
Looking at wonderful book-in-progress by 's thematic option students
If guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, cars make people drive drunk, and spoons make you fat.
Another nice day floating around the sandbar.
Yet the President is a MILLION years ahead of Dick Cheney on his "everything else" stance.
Thank you, radio, for that live cut of Badlands.
I am positively DYING to see/hear these things on video. Keep us all posted if you find any :)
tell them Tim tebow supports president Obama
A #HappyThanksgiving to
My pepperoni nipples are a sight to see.
Im bout too be too bored at this house
The ABC Working Group discussed possible changes to the alcohol licensing protest process and possible hour restrictions on outdoor seating.
RT #Leo's natural instinct is to be the best.
The word around town is..."IP3 is okay...sometimes good, but Camos Brothers is GREAT!"
wow is he that good?
I finally got back in town and watched the finale..what'd you think? & How'd you do on the lottery?
it's a party it's a party it's a party.
lol I know dude u know who I'm talkin about right
Today, I would prefer to just go back home, sketch and read. But, I'm working instead
Gonna go with a good 30%
FOLLOW ***** and watch your followers grOW
I am more than happy to help. Call 1-800-MAGAZINES and ask for me. Thanks.
We can lead with integrity from anywhere in an organization & infuse it into the culture over time.
agreed, & co THE BEST!! love it
Council members are now pledging to find cuts to double after school programs and to urge a supplemental budget w/ that funding.
I can't wait to go home. You can't stay in Vegas too long. I'm not into this many people ALL the time.
Forgot to tell that i convinced three more people to buy her book, and they loved it.
We are looking for a rockstar UX Designer. Quirky, fun and experience with enterprise software / websites are a must. DM for more info.
NO , I'm #tiredoftrying you actually have to put in the effort to be tired .
we goin in
I just made this account.. yesterday? 10 followers in 1 day, thats pretty good, lol. xD
February 8th at The Hotel Cafe in LA! I'm there!
good point
I audit your milkshake.
Oops that last one was for you.
#thatawkwardmoment When your friend tells u. That he's on the date with the girl in SCHOOL he was scaried to talk to. EVERYONE HIT THAT ha
The republicans choice to run for president is Mitt Romney. Make sure their elephant mascots name is dumbo! PLease follow and Retweet!
I'm going Pats 27 Giants 20...no way they're losing to this team twice in the Super Bowl
I'm good enough.....I'm smart enough and gosh darn it, people like me!
Hrmf. Haven't really laffed hard in a while. INTERNET... AMUSE ME.
thanks for the shirts they turned out great. Definitely appreciate it the crew loved them
Amazing energy on the mall today. Democracy at work.
1 of my fav things bout AMC's 'The Killing'=excellent writing=the characters remain the same, but u think they change as ur perspective does
Spring / Summer Shooting season starting early this year in Milwaukee? it's not even the weekend
you both make me so proud and happy! I will support both of you through anything and everything! I love ya'll.
Retirement: World<U+FFFD>s longest coffee break
this is joe sunday, we did the song "strip" today. When you ready to talk bout tracks, hit me up! I spoke to E already
ha u funny kuzn i cant do nothing but lmfao on that 1
RT: Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
Red koi......Icon???? Interesting night....
I have a true story about him! Remind me to tell you sometime!
Twitter is full of dumb niggas with smart phones !!!!!!
Oh congrats new grad!! :) is he still alive? lol
Well, thanks for sharing. Will take a gander this weekend and add it to the blogroll.
how bout trying to find my bag?
We found people returning again and again to monthly weekend workshops, and the 30 day gaps meant it was hard on them.
OMG! I woke so late! daamn it -.- haaha w.e Going to the movies to Watch My sister's Keeper with amaziing girl Follow her! n_n
happy mothers day!
Flipboard app for iPad is an interesting way to experience social media. Very print-like for old-fashion guys like me.
That's actually pretty funny. “: peeing is foursquare for dogs.”
memphis needs to continue to left Gay and Randolph dominate the ball and left Mayo abd conely be spot up shooters
you guys are the best!! Thanks for an awesome website
FLOPHOPPER doing his thing for NE
I miss that raw and real music you use to produce Teddy!
Fuck prince charm, give me a frog that fucks me all night!
hopefully that knocked something into place for Cruz. One of my underperformers so far
"I just want to be near you..." Don't you wish you knew... :)
i know! i will call you later okay? i have that phone card w/ ur name on it sitting on my desk 4 the last 3 weeks
Whole Lotta Love - Led Zeppelin
I want today to go as quick as possible... I want Friday already:(
bahahahahaha, Roenicke left Conrad in to hit knowing he was going to remove him in the top of the inning? So ridiculous.
Question: Blunts, Bongs, or Paper Planes???
have fun!! Oh and have a drink or two for me!!
There is going to be a lot of BC fan speculation, and I can't blame anyone at all
Uggh, you kno what pisses me off? Idont even cuss thaat much, but when it accidentally comes out, its AWLAYS around the WRONG person! >:|
Sorry. I'm used to fundy's who would not care if this guy died because he wasn't trinitarian. Or listened to music with a beat.
Retweet if girls actually look better with no makeup on.
“: Gooooooaaaaall! Greatest thing about a 12:00 game is watching the Flyers after!”LOVING IT GREAT JOB HUNTER NICE WIN TODAY
you added me? I guess it takes time to appear. I don't see it ;~;
Y'all realize that most Lonely Chicks have atleast 1 Kid.. After her Baby Daddy left, she gave up on Love! :)
my bad not tuna commercial. Smh.
www.reverbnation.com/thecompetition Chi-Town stand up
the 'Skys the Limit' article on bout n is quite good! im on that bandwagon rest of playoffs
sorry it's not going well. you get to talk about Bowie at least?
Took a little nap but I still have a barometric pressure headache. I hate those.
Where do you want to be seen with your Mom, Grandma, Aunt, Sister on Mother's Day - why at SDSU's production of Little Women of course!
just isn't the same without the pink and purple hair lol
. Thanks for the RT! Great to tweet-meet you!
I just got my tickets for The Avengers tomorrow! :')
Fear vs. Hope. What "The Hunger Games" can teach us about entrepreneurship & small biz: /bit.ly/HjLSdR
Goods givers have household income over $50,000, southern, college educated
Please be safe this holiday season. We need you!!!!!
check it out :)
No problem. I always like to see what other artist are saying and doing. I hope one day we can meet and do some projects together
Whats up priscilla an we justd adair forever we just want to say by we t moving out of town yes
Instead of a national curriculum for education, what is really needed is an individual curriculum for every child - Charles Handy
Firefox is notorious for eating larger and larger chunks of RAM the longer it runs. Always has.
"70% of archeology happens in the library." ~Dr. Jones
Happy Hour 3-6pm. Dinner 5-10pm. and Friends late night. You know how this works, its
You should know that "squee yourself to death" has been making me laugh for approximately 10 minutes.
Shush, I love Diablo. Always will.
Watching babies being born in parenting...
#Solid........I think My Single Spell Is Damn Near Over
did Ryan say hi yet?
please follow! <3
shut-up your annoying.
Hey guys, seriously go check out Kung Fu Panda 2. The animations are various and brilliant. You'd be amazed at how well they all blend.
Thank you! Hope you will enjoy it!
They are now playing JEFF WHO LIVES AT HOME and LOCKOUT, though.
Well Closing Time hangover supplements is sold at in EL :) or watch for our twitter contests!
stay home!!! U belong in a box!! lol aa frootloop box! Lol
the whole illegal public camping measure is terrible too, the homeless might migrate to Aurora
um but seriously about that beer...
Dear Ms Elm, 'Literature is weird!' is not an acceptable excuse as to why we have to watch Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf.
as long as i get to work for , then i'm in.
There's no point in being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes. Doctor Who
Institute for Supply Management: Services sector index in April dropped to 53.5% from 56.0% in March to mark worst reading since December.
it's not as good without my beautiful model
March 31, 2012 Food Truck Wars begins in Central Florida. 40 food trucks, live music, silent auction, beer garden, 5 national judges.
Q&A: Anna Chlumsky Talks Funny, Physical Comedy In &#39;Veep&#39;
only 2-0 lead in mlb #postseason..yep your milwaukee !!!
ok :) I have a Idea if I could re-name my personal we could use that 1 :)
ah yes of course...*Moon goggles*. ;o)
Thanks - I love you, too, LOL!
only thing i need to say is
With attack ad blitz starting on Romney, if Huntsman can come in second in NH he cold have momentum going into s Carolina
Just fall asleep
If I had badges to give out, would get a Promptness badge for sending the first video of from last night's round
I don't know why all these IGNORANT teabaggers are trying to make fun of Obama for eating dog. ALL hard-core Muslims eat dog?? Duh, MORONS!!
= used 2 cross boundaries borders in edu. The tool that helped me break up w my long distance bf is revolutionizing edu
Tonight, I feel old.
Thanks! It's been really fun to write; I'd be more than happy to share once I get it revised!
What's New? Well, I've Been Listenin 2 K-Pop 4 A While, I Hung Out With Friends Yesterday, & 2Day Is A Do Nothin Day 4 Me :P
i wanna put fat in my bio. but god dayum its perfect already.
Good choice, I was using today's record, forgot. The Cubs will: still not have a World Series Win, have a RWNJ who's Fucked!
I don't think zombie Jew will care all that much that you missed it.
Pecans most likely :-)
just goin to take my babies out..cook,clean. You?
of course. We both share the Marquette connection.
Going to school with only my tambo and case of reeds in my backpack. It's going to be a good day.
appearently my 'certification of birth' i received at birth from the state of MD is not a valid birth certificate in MD anymore. what???
So they are banning pot smoking by tourists in The Netherlands. O.o
Some people are just so gullible. omgg
See if you can spot me in the next issue off VICE magazine in JUNE!!!
sunny saturday in sf. no rain! sfjazz spring season on sale to general public tomorrow. big thanks to sfjazz members for best pre-sale ever!
Now for the million dollar question (no pun intended) what is the ROI on social media?
Oh goodie. Just have to wait until football times are over.
because you're awesome. Watcha up to?
RT : Before I go. #Kobey #loose. Never forget. <- NEVER
get another bf
,be really careful in mexicoo chachii ! ( : hope you have a safe tripp!!!
"I'm very gooooooooaaaaaaaaaaall!!!!-oriented." (Mexican sportscaster at a job interview) Conan O'Brien
I'm on writing lock down this weekend.I'm off the air for a bit. Inbox or message me. Time to visit with my series characters. Bye!
man i'm feeling like some homemade mac n cheese
he in fact is sexy. along with every band boy! haha
Kashief Lindo performs today in Miramar Regional Park. Love and Light
Rocking my Blue CAT socks for opening day of #UKBaseball.Listening in for to bring some swag to the field, bro! #Cats>Terriers
Oops I thought I was! I am following you now a-hole!!
Now only if would just follow me already... I can be happy & on with my life...
Hahaha...are you moonlighting as a member of Lars Frederiksen and the Bastards?
my girl is one of a kind<3
I need to stop checking the weather for #OpeningDay every 5 mins. 50 and sunny.
ok im bout to add u...
August, Chicago, IL. I will let you know lol!
Yes, I do and definitely planning to submit that way!
Wiped out during the first mile of my long run.. I have now experienced it all during these 4 months of training
#I'll be Casper in a new version of Larry Clark's 'KIDS' directed by Nadja Marcin. Casper in the original movie was played by Justin Pierce
whatever truthfully I could care less because I just made this too talk to new people and catch up on
Drive safe! ;)
We get some pretty strong reactions from folks when we weed so we have to keep it on the DL
i love em.
Our rooftop is perfect for Lazy Sundays
I know. I love living in the future.
Happy Friday eve! We hope everyone has a productive Thursday!
night! “: Good night everyone! #Motorama”
Bummer about Pep leaving Barça. Dude is all class. Vilanova has some big shoes to fill.
Will do. We start tomorrow, but I don't expect too much until we start the research project in a few weeks
They have been a sponsor of No Holds Barred in the past. The Expo is not too far from me so they don't have to bring me in,
Today is Day 2 of my +P90X & +Insanity ASYLUM Hyrbid - getting ready for +Beachbody Coach Summit 2012 in +Las Vegas
#rcdlc South area recognizing similarities in day to day activities - stabilizing our regions in daily activities
Ready to go to Lawton
first reception! welcome back GJ!
it's raining cats dogs frogs hamsters and elephants out here
Saying no to pink goop... it's time for
Hi Sharon, thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend!
I'm on top of the world and i run this fuxking shit
Awesome! I'm so jealous you get to see Paranormal Activity!! Let me know what you think of it
One hour until #ICT4D live discussion with in #TC104. Can't wait!
In other words, according to , keep the canon dirty.
almost forgot...buckets.
WhatDoWePlayNext.com welcomes its newest writer "Exsisto". Read his first article on 1 Nov at 11am. Can you feel the anticipation?
Veggie bite is such an enormous ripoff.
Congrats to Illinois on winning GRLC title. Best of luck in Greenville
You Seem Very Interested In My Question So Can You Answer ? ": ......... RT So Are Krabby Parties ,Crab Cakes ...?"
Not yet about what?
About to watch film & then hit the practice floor. The preparation began this morning. Now time to sharpen & focus.
RT“: 's personality >>”
Thanks! I know there's more!
I decided my new place needs a bar w/ wheels to disguise the pole in the living room.
Wow. Broadcast journalists are V-A-I-N. Women and men spending forever and a day getting makeup caked on their face ...
RT : Reporters looking 4 comment on the record lows in mortgage rates can Tweet us 4 an expert 2 comment.
just when you thought couldn't be a bigger asshole, he morphs into the new joe mccarthy. censure this faux patriot.
Never ever apologize for saying what you feel. That's like saying sorry for party rocking
welcome aboard Team leader with an affinity for human interaction, psychology, design, and technol Managing Director
#YesPls RT Leo DiCaprio never died in Titanic. Last scene: him going underwater. 1st Scene in Inception: him waking up on a beach
Time to start my day
include in it
Don't worry, I won't. Infinity Ward lost me at BlOps.
Smoking hot girl just walked into Brookhaven Starbucks. Has guys and girls alike captivated. Complete strangers exchanging looks like "wow".
Home sweet home
I was replying to your tweet about what people who don't live in New jersey and new York do in the summer
so excited!!!!
DEATH TO JOFFERY.
On a side note #BBN. Has some good looking fans!
Did you go to Pizza King?
I'm so glad im outta high school.
that's great! Coming out of your shell huh? Lol.
Cold morning in Boston, and it is going to snow tonight, I kind of miss the snow but I don't miss the shoveling of snow.
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY LOVE!!!!
Working with someone you love and knowing you will never have that person simple just makes the wound hurt even more
Gimme 1 of the 5 you get “: 'Frank Lloyd Wright Designs,' a beautiful book of FLW's color sketches, would make for a great Xmas
i still have no internet :'(
Hope You're having a great weekend!
that's so awesome!
im going to bed so im done. :-) lol lol lol lol you liked my big toe one lol
i kno ua stupied ass anit tlking with ya wing worm ass forehead yup bitch boo ya
first sunburn of the year, not mad about it
Hope G Street treated you well. Let me know if you want to go back sometime and I'd def be down!
#ULTRABAR THURSDAY LADIES Y'ALL FREE BEFORE 11 ON THE GUESTLIST SEND NAMES TO ME 202-200-7627
If you're on Seattle campus you best be lookin' at them Sakura.
How very American Beauty of you.
oh wow...that was so long ago! Good memories though haha. Can you believe that was four years ago?!
You're too sweet. I'm leaning on your inspiration today, Geoff! RT GET BETTER! Twitter needs your inspiration!
yeah we 'bout it errdayyy
County convention. Apples and peach cream pie.
"I celebrate the guy's entire catalog."
you rock! Just in case you didn't know . . .
You're welcome! Great to see you! :) RT : Thanks for everything at COA yesterday - Great to get to meet other talent.
I am ready to talk marketing business, what's good?
Riding solo on #TMDNASCAR this morning... Send any song requests to this morning for
Do be Pixar, PLUS have a backup.
Are we investing more in our portfolio or our legacy?
Not a viewing party. They have 30 tix in our stadium in new BV section of our stadium. Selling at diff BV's each home match
is 10:10 too early for lunch?
I'm loving the weather as well. Spent much of the week taking with candidates about becoming part of our team. Always fun
Go #Patriots - wipe out the #Chiefs! Way to go #Bruins - consec win number 9. #Valentine - come and be #Redsox Mgr - oh yes #BC -
What does that mean??
I feel so sick right now. :((
RT : I AM STOKED TO BE GOING TO NASHVILLE 4 ANYONE GOING? TWEET ME AND LET ME KNOW... Yes! :)
house in about an hour ;)
lol well said
Awe,thanks for the follows you guys!
hi F :) what is name of #Twitter app/site u referenced recently i think that lets u tweet your 'open office' hours on twitter?
Netflix Instant will screw with the aspect ratio of DRIVE once it hits on Wednesday, right? They seem to be doing that more and more lately.
Meeting with and #FitnessOnTheRocks at Ink Coffee...good stuff soon!
hey cool thanks
I'm the happiest girl in the world!
after my mom had taken her leave of abscence as a teacher she couldn't get re-hired bcuz she had master's "overqualified"
Amen to that
Word to my man for the follow! Preciate that!
Hi(: what game show would you go on if you had the chance? Much love! <3
Don't want to get out of this bed
this is not my fault i blame my parents
R.I.P ICONiac!
..you're cool, baby! I can feel that, cheers! -Stronodelarosa
all day young lady! Making it a great one
My family is not ready to follow me on twitter
Thai basil curry exotic vegetable chips w/ artichoke/spinach dip : safe zone radius from ground zero nominally 15 miles.
No diggity and
Saw rehearsal run of Mamet's“ Bobby Gould in Hell” last night. Cast is amazing and funny.
nigga please. Dorian that shit you talkin don't faze me get on yo grown man and come tell me wat you gotta say
I need chapp stick <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0084>
hopefully. Got to change some recipes.
RT : "We're going to have a large playbook." Mike Tice said. "We're going to play fast."
You like "Teaching your dog to ride a motorcycle, but that fuckin' mutt can't get the hang of it and slams into a brick wall at 67 MPH."
Friday On..! This Mah Movie <3
Rabbit Angstrom is a total bastard and I love him. "Rabbit, Run," John Updike.
Finished my very LAST TAKS test today. (: Oh, finally. I can't wait for senior year.
feel better :)<3
Oscars in #nakedgun would be better... RT : Next year the Oscars should be modeled after the Oscars in The Bodyguard.
are you going to Indy Metro Football Coaches Clinic tonight? I saw one of your coaches is speaking!
yayy! Im so glad it came! And okay! :)
Argh, stupid autocorrect. Meant il Vero Alfredo. Wife and I went there on our honeymoon. Fettucine Alfredo served family style
We will be putting up a teaser for our new song "North Korean Democracy" Within the next few days! Stay tuned for it.
There's a really good chance I'm going to buy Roxette's greatest hits on iTunes. It's awesome and only $7.99.
I try to think ahead on such things. Red wine, cocktails, beer: Bring it on.
OH MY GOD BRITANY RYAN'S IN LOVE WITH YOU
what's a cream pie bro?
thanks for the #FF!
I don't understand ppl who can't feel a beat..I catch myself working out to the beat..but maybe that's bc I dance better than I walk haha!
I'm going to put info in my Walker fund-raising return envelope.Nyeh.
I'm gonna miss you while your gone D':
“: Im actually feeling the pressure of the A.P tests coming up. Dam this is so intense, its less than a month away.” same -.-
Flat tire on my birthday? No fair.
air super thick out here.. def chill by the lake.. goin west young man!
I hate when people Fake stuff!!!
My buckeyes going end
Got to 200 should I post a nude pic ?
#primaryschoolconfessions i took my remote control in my packed lunch box lol!
That Ritas Peanut Butter & Jelly is Gross!! All i have to say about that
Over my dead body
Flow of funds data out Thursday. Lenders tell me they are lending again--I am eager to see whether this is true.
My producer is off the chain!!! This album is gonna be rocking because of his mad skills!!!:-)
Got a new phone. Msg me if u don't got my number
Getting to finally meet up with to chat and get some tea! :))))
supported by the Technology in Practice (TIP) department.
Victoria Was Amazing On Ellen.Seriously i was crying!Cant wait for the concert and album #Proud #MakeItAmerica :{)
wait does this mean we are the winners??
I Promised Myself To Stay. . . But If She Broke Promise(S) Then Should I Leave ? "But Two Wrongs Don't Make A Right" Now I'm Lost. . . </3
men that aren't funny don't deserve to be on an island.
Pickup Line: Will you play army men with me.. so I can blow the hell out of you !
so u do know him
Slightly sunburned from today but all in all had a fun time at day away
I think they are idk maybe but I know that pants don't like hip in the urban areas
So... There's gonna be some Bball watching in the Commonwealth this Saturday. C-A-R-D-S Let's Go Cards!
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: that word is love
Don't let reality keep you from dreaming
ha yup
I've been ready for summer. I only have one more day of school left until I graduate :)
There are a surprising number of songs named "Nikola Tesla."
Can't go wrong with diapers!
While on 'comfort marketing' topic, we'll be re-introducing a well known and historical Wall Street brand to the marketplace. Stay tuned!
It's important to split test all of your marketing campaigns & measure all of your results in business.
Today I bent the truth to be kind, and I have no regret, for I am far surer of what is kind than I am of what is true
Hunger Games was amazing <3
Filmstock premiere of Pick Me! tonight. Three auditions this weekend. One student film with stipend, two theatre auditions with stipend.
Agreed. I wonder if there will be an amnesty clause in next #NHL CBA this summer. Offering lifetime contracts is always risky
Justin Moore will be performing at the Indiana County Fair on Wed. Sept. 1st. Be there.
Turned autocorrect off. Errors, like before, the result of my inability to do decent editing.
They just wanted to delay brady getting the ball back by 10 seconds.
>API Workshop. Congrats!!!!
so #gwawards is the hash tag? I'll be twuned in.
Study says: After 12 weeks, women given a diet with whole wheat products lost 7.9 lbs.
Do you think anyone has ever called Stephen King, Stephen "Queen," just to be funny?
we for sure do have a killer patio! Come on over!!
and and if you really want to shake things up, you could go with BLGT: Bell Gut.
If you keep giving DSLR shooters pointers on how to shoot near-perfect images, they won't need to hire u! U've been warned ;)
Found my Robot Masters stuff; Optimus Primal, Mirage, R-Blade, Star Saber and Victory Leo. As well as some convincing knockoffs. Cool!
SO many CMJ events...how does one choose?
San Diego Surf School is filming with discovery!
I'm the same way most of the time. There's a fine line between too early and on time. I haven't quite found that line yet.
Day 4 of Flat Belly #Diet cleanse - already lost 6.5lbs-actual diet starts tmrw. Will see how it goes pretty hungry so far...
what kind of music are you gonna play??
Starting next Thursday, we'll have Evan Christian playing indoors or out every week starting at 8:30 p.m.! Jazz Aftermath!
aww don't :( maybe twitter just messed up or something. Austin wouldn't do that to a fan for no good reason..
it wouldn't be right without them doe so I pick n choose
you know its getting closer to summer because thats when all the whores come out
#CommonTattoos Butterfly.. cz it means freedom among women
You take the bourbon, I'll take the red wine.
I love Groundhog Day!
“ We all have that one lazy coworker who we'd clock out and beat the fuck out of and then go back to work..”
getting ready to go out
“You have the power to free yourself from the mental prison that fear creates.
Don cornelius? No!
busy. But fun. Me Likey Tokyo very much.
Feeling kind of sick ugh!
Today in California: labor unions gather in Sac to protest service cuts, and 1970s leftist radical Sara Jane Olson is released from prison.
Come visit at LA fitness in Brookhaven. She has goodies from
GT Events, always striving to be the greatest, Happy Birthday Muhammad Ali!
MTV hits has Bieber Fever WOO TV is great!
Getting ready for final Atlas V countdown here at Cape Canaveral!
I love you so mutch.. I do somutch for you.. But you don't follow me. I'll go from Holland to Miami for you this summer
Plastic Surgery Too Soon? 10 Stars Who Are Rumored To Have Gone Under The ... - Radar Online
thanks.. x
I know you're a big fan of grilled cheese! Get over there!
hi how are you? i love you so much <U+2665>
That's a great pic! Thanks for sharing!! They loved it!
SOUP SOUP SOUP SOUP
I'm thinking abt you, Queen, and sending love and energy your way.
Remind yourself that this is how students often feel in disengaging classrooms? Hope not to be like that? Not sure, feelyourpain
Wade what's the deal with this dude right now he is a mess.
WAtched this fucked up video 2n with this Chinese kid named le where this Russian guy got his head cut off it was real
You're welcome! LOL How have you been?
Lovely meeting and at the party last night - I promise to list something soon!
Things that make me smile condescendingly: People who still have STOP SOPA banners on their avatars.
and you call me fat
McDonalds Caesar salad is the truth.
Good For you Follow Me please
Your very welcome! Keep up the great branding! If you ever have questions about billboards or bus shelters I'd be happy to help :-)
Super Bowl Tailgate Pork Sliders demo today from 12 to 4
thanks-a-million follow
When this was published they were prob advocating jumping jacks to avoid pregnancy...
- haven't had bangs since I was 17.. the straight flat look has been my MO forever! NERVOUS to CHANGE, but NEED TO!
Exit row seat with no one in my row. Take that first class.
Pickup line from server at Cafe Coffee Day "Here's your lassi. Sweet, like you. Here's your sandwich. (Awkward pause) Like you."
I love that song to<3
Progressive thinker --> : i finally have a younger generation progressive thinker --&gt.
A huge bus crash on 37 S in Atascosa Co., over 10 ppl injured (via News4)
I'm pretty sure that's my vision of hell.
I'm one of 2 people that RSVPed to the at #FSPF facebook event ha apparently there are only 2 Houstonians who know what's up!
Vest show we've played yet if you ask me. TVA has the coolest fans period. We love you Sayy town. -dg
Thanks love!
I'm really liking the way our recording is going Can't wait to show you all some samples Soon very soon patience is a Crock I always say
#damnyouautocorrect amirite? haha...and yes, frosties are much needed. now go enjoy your cold one!
Haha, I agree rats can be demanding. We have some in the family as well. Great family pets though!
you're like one of the only people I follow who liked it. What is wrong with these people? Flashy, entertaining, sang huge hits.
cosign two times
eh.. I would have gotten him a TRX. Lol
I want cupcakes or a cake ugh. I'm gonna make some later if I get time
A man has one hundred dollars and you leave him with two dollars, that's subtraction.
what did you call me?!
ever since they passed up Jordan in 85 they've been fucked
RT I think gay people need to get high they would see the world like I see it
I understand, Ali. YOU think the world's most perfect food is a pickle. It's definitely in the top 5. But tonight... ;o)
I am taking cues from all my academic tweetise-writing friends.
comes with it too!!
tape everyone together!
i am such a sucker for action packed superhero movies. the new x-men did not disappoint. and i'm in love with michael fassbender.
Well, you ARE a superstar :)
The Top people to follow on twitter to me are The One Direction Boys, Justin Bieber, Ed Sheeran, Demi lovato, Austin Mahone, And others
Just got a $1844 repair estimate on our $1200 Panasonic monitor. Don't want an AF100 or any other "pro" products from them any more.
Goodnight Dolls! :) ^_^
: Hey Danielle - were you tweeting from class?
I would say this is the one that made Pollan so popular. The omnivore's dilemma: bit.ly/q1waGy
She! And I had no idea you were such a cynic ;)
S/o to everyone who has voted for #yl. Keep voting and keep showing love
NEW TWITTER X
WebServius provides data monetization / API management / Data-as-a-Service solutions for owners of valuable structured data
I would be remiss if I did.
Come by tomorrow to enjoy some fabulous eggnog orchococlate mint milkeshake or smoothies.
stayin "posted" alright hoodlum
Scary finish. Ferrari needs to be penalized for sure. Otherwise just encourages reckless riding.
Reminded again that 'speaking to someone's listening' is much more effective than spouting my 'brilliant' advice
Mexican food is good, but it doesn't throw you into flavor country like Thai food does.
like an ihop!
hello lovely person :)
LET'S GO BRONCOS!!! Bring on that #MileHighMagic!!!!!!
Females find out if they nigga real or not when they get pregnant.
I have a secret for you guys <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008E>
ONE thing that will WAKE me UP out of my SLEEP for SURE HANDS DOWN don't matter how good the dream is would be THE SMELL OF FOOD.lol Yum
I'm not going to lie. The meatless Chorizo that I bought for dinner FREAKED me out. Hope it tastes better than it looks.
Many are chosen but few are PHROZEN!!!
I don't need to know theroms to see through your thinly veiled line of community college bullshit. Your high horse wants its dumbass back.
That would be a little to great! Now you HAVE to get it
learning final cut pro
Thank you for retweeting my tweet.
Any great local bands you want hear at World of Beer Brady Street? Let me know!
All I want in my next life is to be a Texas high school football player going to State.
True, why don't vampires just do research to cure cancer with the billion of years they're around...
And you can live off them without having to do shit hahaha
I'm glad the importance metadata is proven!
"He's going from a hip-hop fighter to a rap fighter" says ancient white guy, Larry Merchant on re: Mayweather
on tonight @ 9pm pst. Opportunity Village's Project Enable Supports - Thank You !
Lol aww well thanks soo are you!! yeah I love your name;)
Applying for jobs...
RT : molasses- goes perfect with rum
Early light of morning & I'm buzzed on Kombucha. Great way to start the day. =)
sushi at Destin's Harbor Dock's........possibly the best in the world!
I said move-y. Idgaf
Wow any documentation of that?
Damn those frakking #HR and #recruiting blog posts that start off with "the top 40 ways of..." blablabla.. There is NO TOP 40 you #moron!!
instead of ideation, I think of sketching as exorcism
Never paid more than $5, except the one time I went to Charlie's, and they charged me $6. Thank you sir, I won't have another.
lol ....this will be a big stretch for me....should be a blast...
Why do they always add Becky on the sad parts.?! :(
the show was incredible. It was so nice meeting you! BEST NIGHT OF MY LIFE.
Jim O'Brien being fired was long overdue, Larry is next
Is there a charge for Art Alive and what time is it?
But be cautious, this is not Dawson's Creek.
"Like you've never been, just, hammered...in college?"
It's America Recycles Day(?) Is that a reference to destructive, imperial foreign policy decisions we continue to make over and over again?
For true success ask yourself these four questions Why? Why not? Why not me? Why not now? James Allen
Bondo needed again to fix the track if this crazy 500 makes 40 more laps. Driver diaspora under red flag!
The ebook-print debate is a false dichotomy
Good morning, good morning! Happy and blessed to see another day. God is good! Looking forward to a great day.
The Aji sashimi we have tonight is decadent at the very least...rich, flavorful, fills the mouth nicely. I know what my mid-shift snack is!
just saw you at LAX! Thought I recognized you...safe travels and enjoy detroit!
FWIW: is a Tweeting MACHINE.
Delayed in Denver
= followed y'll..follow back:)
not sure if people know yet - so not responding quite yet... ;)
After many years of airport dining denial, the time has come to resign myself to the fact that Manchu Wok food is gross. Is it even food?
please please please I AM BEGGING ON MY KNEES for a follow <3333 please please please!
trying to figure out best ways to use twitter in #eng3510 this fall. Will have students direct tweet me instead of giving out cell phone
yes feeling better thanks sis
Words of wisdom RT Who has learned to garden, who did not at the same time learn to be patient. ~ H.L.V. Fletcher
follow me its my dream
#ff & two very talented dudes that are on my album!!!
There have been no touchdowns scored in this game by offensive skill players
Building was filled with so many teens it scared our regulars #<3
In the midst of winter, I finally learned that there was in me an invincible summer. - Albert Camus
That's what I did when I moved to Houston, pretty much left everything behind, Had to start from nothing. I just thought"what if"
If Greece exits the Euro Zone, there will be no certainty. RB talking thru his other end. Contagion and potential collapse of EU.
Next up Lisa Bass, Communications Manager at DC Cancer Consortium.
My fam just said to me in describing someone we think lowly of at the moment... He said: he's a real... "Rectal Tear"
"When people are determined on a mode of conduct they know to be wrong, they feel injured by the expectation of anything better from them."
This is incredible, God's totally moving here tonight.
Had dream last night that you were going down an escalator that led to an amazing Camaro which u drove away in. STRANGE.
Excellent work my friend. My favorite part? Bringing it all back home to appraisal. Making value judgments--it's what we do.
Where and when are you hosting it.
sorry I just got home, we had a game at NTCC
Oh! and You're our 100th follower! THANKS!
If from there you seek the Lord your God, you will find Him with all your heart and with all your soul. - Deuteronomy 4:29
@ #cildc: "How can you be a librarian if you look like a slut?" Creative mktg for increased awareness to non-users!
Yeah! Bro! But that's a ride from my house... I appreciate to know I can come over with you I'll give it a go here first 4 now!
Just drove past an inflatable lawn decoration that was a snowman dressed in camo holding a big gun. Thanks Quakertown!
Getting my tan on. :)
I think you blocked one of your fans --> :(
I don’t know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
April 16-30 bring your jewelry in to be scrapped, repaired or remade &receive a free lunch to Elliotts Deli! Only for the first 25 so hurry!
Forgiving can't change the past. But when you forgive, you sure change the future.
I think I must have missed it. Dammit.
thanks for rockin' solid gear ;), nice! "Lea" is fairly rare. Had to cut the 'h' off the Leah magnet as a kid.
terrible. wanna make it better and follow me ;)
Show on Saturday Chameleon Club Lancaster PA almost sold out
That is the truth.
You're just a daydream away.
IDGAF about everybody else you gon learn today !!!!
I do workshops on it & have an article about community engaged scholarship on the tenure track. Maybe it'll help. We can also DM
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYBROOKEBEATTY! Have a great one c:
please participate in are contest that starts 2-10-2012 if u have ?'s thank please ask
Only thing i fear is jesus n commitment
do you like goats?
Procrastination at its best.
New FTA bracelets!! 3 different colors, will have them up on our online merch store in the next few days! www.flighttoathena.bigcartel.com
lol it's a bit misleading though, considering there's minimal walking involved =/
I have faith in our team RA, anything can happen in baseball. Let's see if Reyes can hit your knuckler. LGM! 2012
Who's riding in Reach The Beach? Send your pic from the ride and get $10 in driving credit.
what stores do you shop at?!
Just read that LittleBigPlanet 2 will get a special edition released on 15 Nov. Awesome. Bring it on, Sackboy!
How the phone only ring two times , I know you pressing Ignore
My dream made my whole week:)
check out the beautiful fashion expert and blogger!
Go follow for sick threads.
no..the sun will be out...and so will I.
One week!
impressed that you rode all the way from Bainbridge!
I have "Pride" for
We love you for tweeting that!
You did an amazing job!
Probably should have ran the clock
"I take pride in getting people excited about stupid crap."
Ugh i feel crapy
Either most coaches don't make these many restrictions, or the student-athlete doesn't go public with them if they do.
is a talented videographer that has directed videos for many of us in Athens...hence the overzealous twitter blast!
good send T, hit it again!
Why are all the links in #tweedeck not hyperlinked? Anyone else having this issue?
Merck &amp; Co. Partners with Trevena to Identify Biased GPCR Receptor Ligands - Genetic Engineering News
It takes time when 1 is as creative as I AM... Don't rush my Master Piece
Not gluten-free ones anywhere that I know of.
Your very welcome. :)
I love it!
haha you're watching jersey shore(:
I need to go to sleep. dunno if that'll happen but I need to get offa twitter for it to be even remotely possible. but I don't want to. ugh.
You guys, whatever it is she's making, it looks epic! Awesome!
we need to be playing OUR GAME!!
working hard on our May 19-20 working group kick off meeting for the capacity self assessment project held in Chicago.
Ah finally some alone time with my iTunes. Time to work and burn the midnight oil.
Getting tickets to How To Succeed? I think yes. here I come
I realized last week how internet dependent I am. Thanks rural Alaska for the nice wakeup call, I was nearly shaking with the lack of 3G
Lets hope Larc starts to blossom. Sure would be good to have a Larc student onboard to help an Arch firm
Make new Facebook work for you by making the most of lists, milestones, custom apps & cover photo ( from a.m. Session)
Yup, no, pairwise. The bar is not all that high.
Bless you.
I love singing. <U+2665> Music is saving me.
Samsung Galaxy S I tipped to land on all four major U.S. carriers
Happy Birthday. I'm the bDay Girl too:) I Loved the Movie:) I'm goin see it again.
Was gonna get some shots up went outside and it's pouring
#favmoviequote "Yes you deserve to die, and i hope you burn in hell!!!"
Milwaukee Bucks at Washington Wizards tipping off at 7:00 PM ET #bucks #wizards #nba (Via )
loves her nieces and nephews with all of her heart! <3 <3 <3 <3
Man, I wish I had been there for that.
cute! Good to see you together!
#Redsox win #Bruins style
man. Always have meant so much to m.e.
“: got a PR on the Clean - 135# for 3 2night! And It felt freaking fantastic! #crossfit #pumpedup” nice!
Glitched narratives, or what Super Mario Bros. can tell us about Pale Fire.
“Signature” Restaurants – Are They Worth It? Part 3
Damn, Gina. Don't think I could do that.
Someone woke up with poopy pants!!
I think I'd be similar. :)
can i burrow the purple pants i wish to be hawkeye
Work hard every day and don't stop until you just can't do anymore.
well your good at yelling and you could use your gymnast skills to make cheerleading more umm fun :)
thanks for the RT, appreciate it!
I really need to get rid of the lame in my life!!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you can't express yourself without music :/
Our logo received a festive upgrade... #HappyHolidays everyone!
nice, thanks for telling me.
bad news is that my daughter is moving out of Texas...good news is she's moving to SC, very close to my son. always a silver lining!
Thanks for your support of our independent films
RT: Not the case. I'm not on the take. My site ad and sponsor free. "every" is SRONG word
Listening in on the and Peyton Manning press conference :(
First Rule of 's Turkey Club: Bacon, lettuce and tomato and lots of mayo
Time to get some work done, thanks for all the super sweet messages! You all ROCK! XOXO!
And the cast is off! Thanks to all my awesome friends who came to visit and hang out with me last week!
Thanks!! RT : check out www.zcoil.com you might like those shoes to run in! funky lookin but amazing shoes
Gearing up to discuss "Who You Are Online" at TIE!
oh thank god lol! I was like damn that's cut throat to do that then tweet about it lol
Danke. Yeah man. That might be fun to bring back.
I did lol :b RT : well, you could try running for a towel if you wanna risk it? =P
Listening to in the car. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> Saw them when they opened for Guster. I've been addicted ever since.
How exciting! When are you coming to S.A?
Happy Valentine's day to all women out there. May your day be filled with love.
being sick during summer is the pits!
Golf time round two
. . . . & you wonder why I'm not w/ you now! It always some shit going on w/ you. . . Loopy Ass!!!
Finishing up some yowls for Hope to have them done and ready for delivery to the Playground very soon!
on the road... driving from jax to tampa right now. work at 9pm... seven did it big
I hope your talking about the Jason Kapono interview
awww! You have no idea how touched I am by what you just wrote. Thanks Karla!!
ALA Conference going well. Good discussions; great to see people; looking forward to FAFLRT programming Sunday.
Love your body type for what it is- amazing- at our free #NutritionWorkshop on 2/21! Call us at 619-501-5664 to reserve!...
I already told the teachers, many times, but they keep do that. it just SO UNFAIR
Some poor lil child left they shoe on the back bumper of my truck
Excuse me!! excuse me!! girl the back of yo head looks ridiculous lol
Going to the hockey game tonight!
music brings the whole world together.
Did you know...TODAY 3,750 joints are replaced in the US
you picking me up today?
Welcome My New Followers Welcome!!!!! Hi
this is NOT Hal Gill. this is a girl who is in love with hal gill and wants to have an account in his honor. follow me
Filed my taxes.
Saw El Yunque, the U.S.'s only rain forest and a potential 7th Wonder of the World, today.
more african american indie filmmakers...
More than welcome PJ..
ok cool, look forward to the email.
Fresh off the flight. Rushing home to move in my new spot. Lawd I'm tired! Y'all pray I make it thru the day!
what are the plans?
Take a look at Nokero on Clean Energy Authority.
Happy birthday Melissa McCrady!
- Love the Elevation Dock update on Kickstarter! Can't wait to get mine - will local pick up be available?
Your dog is adorable :) how old??
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men. ~ John F. Kennedy
7 in a Row hello Washington we have a baseball team!!! Monday morning I will be doing the Riggle in the streets of our Nations capital!!
VERY! #nothappywithnytimestoday RT : tired of constantly being asked "How does it feel to be a problem" in multiple ways.
dat ass! It's all I got. But for real I'd be a way better waiter than he is too.I'd even warn u about the shitty martini u got!
you too! Thanks for reminding me about moms day.i need to get on that! Enjoy the sun!
Hey can you DM your email address or follow me? I want to send you a business note.
is one of the most inspiring and talented figures in music today. Thoughts?
Hey great news got you nickelback tickets for your birthday #spoileralert let's go
Are you emailing it to him or que?
make it nasty *asya's voice*
i think i exceeded my cookie quota for the week...in the last hour
whatever every time we pass McDonald's you say something about them
Wow. Just wow. Plastic in my potato?
Friday... Only one week until our next show, which is in Athens at Casa with sassafraz!
A little behind the scenes info on shooting the American Cancer Society's Cure for Design event at www.brandonphotos.com
. recognized from the podium for tireless support of foster care investigation.
that's impressive!
Ladies Drink Free at Dick's Pizza and Pleasure tonight! Doors open at 10! 730 N Milwaukee
UP. No I dreww it brah!
Riding with my mama listening to burbons and lacs
Dmx knows couples therapy isn't gonna help his crazy ass
hey thanks for the follow
Looking for something fun to do? For free? 4 tickets to Seattle U men's basketball today 3pm tip off, parking pass included!
lol who knew fashion fair had a dupe?!
is correct. Otherwise I think it will be a good visit. I talked to her the other day but when she sees the marks she will have an
Running a 5k in the morning. Oh boy. Wish me luck.
My thoughts exactly.
lol i know
It's like no one's here haha
Todays daily special: Jamacian style chicken soup YUM! only $3.00 a cup come get it while its hot!
Getting ready to cook Tilapia simmered in wht wine and tomatoes over rice
Tommorow is friday so that means less workout at track practice today and then tommorow track will end wohhooooo
WWBD (What Would Ben Do)... Words to live by...
miss you so much more Julia! Happy new year!!! <3
RT : Buy beer... RT BRYCE HARPER JUST STOLE HOME. What can't this kid do?
Left out of this morning's list-serv message: Deadline to submit Prof. Dev. Reimbursement requests to LISSA is TOMORROW, March 2!
Thinking about putting #Gettin2TheMoney on what you think?
keep pushing hard daily J, thanks for sharing your progress!
sleeping, r u kidding? im standing back here like a horse, working like a dog
girl right! That's all they want
We still need to explore it more. But I think it does have potential. Issue is we find ourselves spread thin btwn all SN.
loud and obnoxious is prerequisite for being ghetto
#15minutes , keeps us on our toeess, (:
I do, im coming lol
Up early and ready to tackle Thurs!
Why is it all of a sudden so cold out though?
I keep asking. can you send me e mail for michael bamberger and for you. By the way I'm at 1,244 and counting. How's your son doing?
Princess Diaries <U+2764>
- thanks for the Top 10 Picks re-tweet! See anything you particularly liked?
There is a pattern developing.
Honoring the amazing Ed Wulfe at the Center for Houston's Future lunch.
Hope everyone had a great V-Day!! I enjoyed time with my loves!! Back to the grind tomorrow..Trial in the AM!!
Yearbook photos and stories of Willard Mitt Romney in today's NYTimes a reminder that you don't need Facebook to be haunted by your past.
23 songs + 1 booklet. The 23rd "song" is actually the press conference so it's not really a song but it's included
Why is it so hot here ? Is Austin somewhere here ?
Early & often. lol
glad you could come, and happy mothers day!
L.a. Denver game is insane right now! Go nuggets!
u sumed up my life as a kings fan
Somebody left a lot of Pocky in the breakroom here. Score.
Planning full day of shopping in #chitown and getting any/everything i want!!
Chris Paul. Nut puncher.
Hangover from hell <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
please follow me
Jenn Proske from Vampires Suck will be on our show soon stay tuned!°
Share your photos of Groove Phi Swing unity on our Facebook page or hit us up via Twitter
There's no fake Torey Malatia quote in the credits this time. Glass says he just doesn't feel like it this week :(
we may be recording some sessions, although I can't make any promises. We will have many power points & handouts though!
when was the last time uw gave up 70 on national tv...
o no, is this kid moving to town? RT : you sign the lease?
I want to see it too. looks fantastic. so many movies, so little time.
Did everyone who attended the event last night enjoy it ?
one of the most best Easter's I had today at the champ center. GOD IS SO GOOD!
Not surprised I got my first gray hairs in these past two years
come back to Chicago with the boyz! We miss you like crazy! #BoyzComeBack ! xo
To value FB in the same class as Apple, Google, C, JPM, BRKA and BRKB, TRV, PGR and others is plain stupid. FB's Board and CEO are poor
Wow. Denver DA charges woman with pair of felonies for allegedly lying to get out if jury duty.
I'm thinking tweetdeck might just be my new best friend. At least it hasn't crashed yet like twitterfon kept doing.
lol sounds gewd and I are both home cozy in our beds now anywayyyyss
Looking forward to meeting with tonight for their Recent Grad meeting! Hope to see y'all there- Johnston Hall 415
": Last day in April. Final month. Can't finish yet. Can't rest #jerrykramer4hof" We won't stop until August in Canton!
You're going one day early May the 4th Be With You!
awesome! Thanks!:)
Commissioner Goodell hugs are awkward
yep :D
YES! RT : It's almost time for the only crab that matters
yea it's a good one...
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont CHOCOLATE. I know it's weird, but I hate it. Hate me if you want, but you have to hate my skinny jeans too :-P
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one. -- Malcolm Forbes
#2favpeopletweet “: The Thermometer or the Thermostat - Be the 1 who sets the temp, not the one who reacts to it!”
man I wish I could go today. Gunna go on sat though!
“: SO. who wants to see a picture of me? -A” ME!
just a few more days until we play at Bonnaroo - Thursday 6/10 :30 PM on the Troo Music Stage
Interview tomorrow. Keeping my fingers crossed!
i always do that, though. even when they win. they gave adu a BS red card.
When is it and how much?? :)
lol what's that suppose to mean?! And idk if we can speak after you changed your twitter name like that on me
We're working on that now RT : How many Walker admin lackeys are going to keep pushing SB10 when Sumi declaring contempt?
Time for a midnight snack.....
they are actually for my dad. Otherwise, they would have been.
Blake just be quiet. Don't get a tech and thrown out the game. You guys are winning
DNA review finds some of the evidence used to convict Amanda Knox in Italy is unreliable. More at 5:30 on
My littles are completely incapable of understanding the concept of "wait until Mother's Day to give your present".
So my sister comes over throwing up! Like really.
Males have female tendency, they run they mouth just as much and say reckless shit, when their ego get hurt
it's only pretty cool if you're talking about how exactly you would position his body in a threesome.
I don't even like people on me.
I wanna get something to eat
Merry Christmas Austin hope you have a wonderful day!(: love you<33
no comment Wayne
#FearOfMine Sneezing while driving.
the reason I want as much video with out sacrificing ! Want the full 3 Minton go! No what I want to send ,need the time ....
Grrrr I swear...
Is it one of those 1950's drive-in themed BK's with the fake jukeboxes? Those ones are creepy
Home from the wedding gig. It is too damn hot outside. Peeling my dress off and taking a nap. Air conditioning is the best invention ever
That's cute! I call Freyja dribbles because she drools so much!
just followed
DJs are the best actors
very pretty, & classy!!! French Manicure you can never go wrong its the only way I get my nails.
(shhhhh but they're currently on the phone to each other as I type discussing a #ThugInACocktailDress!)
Entire Michael Aram Inventory is now 40% off!!
Its been on news all week lol
I'm great! And you?
U know u hve the entrepreneur spirit whn ur mind is constantly thinking business.
cant wait till i get your book!! it will be legit;)!
don't feel bad, I was in college when the show first aired. That. Old.
Some people are so flippin bipolar now days!
thanks i love glee
If you don't like what your community looks like, change it.
lol. Taxi: Chase that tornado.
GO JETS!!
Meghan received an invitation on Facebook to r.s..v.p. to the party. Correct?
The further you are from the roots of the organization - the more likely you'll end up out on a limb with the nuts - Grant Fairley
Pretty sure I've seen you in 3 different commercials just this weekend alone Must be nice #work $
Middle school worship this morning was amazing. Anybody who says that middle school students can't focus and worship God, are mistaken.
Hey its raining real hard in chula ewwww its all wet:P
Omg livin that jlo did a performance with boy toy!
you know you went to the french lycée when most of your facebook feed consists of people complaining about sarkozy losing to hollande
Really enjoying my user-centered analysis classes at Today is my favorite - usability testing!
have a great day...stay dry
Rest! He has you right where He wants you. Rest! God has your back.
I'm out here stuntin!
fat ass
Always do the unexpected
Pretty cool story tonight. A group in ABQ won some money in the Mega. Wait until you hear who they're giving some of it to. KOB at 6.
at Georgetown EMBA
#imagine Dave dancing on stage with Austin hahahahahahhahahahahhahahaaaa
Great review...
Time for a quick nap before the world series!
hey Cutie thanks for the follow and you should check my YouTube channel @ YungSmookDawg
Watching #bluebirds feeding in the neighborhood - can't wait to get my own nest box up!
RT “: The best artist aren't the ones looking for the fame, but mearly looking for a means to express themselves.”
I use The Early Editon
Sometimes It's all in the mind.
RT : Fender, Iconic Guitar-Maker, Aims to Rock Wall Street With IPO (timeblogs): Share With Friends: | | Business -......
Her response was "Its so Western to divorce, start a new family, and keep in touch w/ your first set of kids"
my brain is Swiss cheese at times. Next time for certain! xo
Sleeping all 7th period .. Waking up freezing !<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
If Your Not Following Us Because You Think This Is Only About Making Our Dreams Come True Then YOUR WRONG. We Are About Chasing Your Dreams!
wish I was coming to to see you! thanks for following!
Walking Jackson then doing. Aton of cleaning. Def not enough time in the day before #crossfit tonight
MTV True Life just left and we have a new selection of Buddah Bars. 2 g of mmj and super strong. Come check them out.
I Love You<U+2665> I Love you<U+2665>
very true... It's all about where your audience is... But I think they just draw different types of users
M - always some sort of character ice cream pop with gumball eyes.
collison did just yank his ass ...
DYK? Noted author and poet Sonia Sanchez was a member of AKA. ..
no, didnt go to the game last night...tho that woulda been fun. did church, my friend's recital, then church again :)
wrestling coach at the high school I used to work for used them, but he cut them up so the boys wouldn't know what they were!
Besties are the grey hooded fiances driving me to the airport at the crack of effing dawn...if only Webster were along for the ride!
And you just made my point. HBO is not going to shit in their own bed.Meaning: they are not going to piss off their best custs
nick nick nick :) can u please follow me
#celticschat BASS= A BOSS!
Today's Sandwich: Turkey & pepperjack on a French baguette with lettuce, tomato, mayo & a cup of soup....$6.95 *Chili is 50 cents extra
Drake & Josh is the best show
Saw your "Sh*t Hijabis say" vid on youtube! HYSTERICAL! :-)
Guess the Heat will just win in 5 now.
SUPER CUTE! i'll be in ATX this weekend!!!! :)
: "abundance is creating a life of possibility"
Can't wait for tomorrow
So many small things combined for the perfect day
yes Australia
I always knew I wanted to become somebody when I grew up. Now I realize I should have been more specific. ~ Lily Tomlin
I mean, I know the song, but...no.
Luckily Pierce with a knee injury is like the boy who cried wolf... I hope. Please please please...
My heart big, but it beat quiet...
I love this love triangle of friendship!! Amirta- I do not see you enough!! (you too, sunk!)
I bought tickets for the BSO playing Star Wars music in Oregon Ridge in July. Because lasers.
Will you be adding the ability to add twitter lists to the board anytime soon?
#ThingINeverUnderstood.....why fat bitches are fat bitches
With bells on, sir. cc/
Javascript assignment for Info Tech completed and submitted. Hated every minute of it, but I'm happy I did it.
San Antonio Stand Up for underground art forms! #DMCSATX this Saturday at ! Doors open at 8!
<<< World's cutest forking couple. (Next to Sammy && Carlos. ;D )
Bruno Mars had a Grenade, and Tiao Cruz had a Dynamite, so they both threw them at Katy Perry who exploded like a Firework
: #NationalCleavageDay tweet this if you love
waiting for the opening night at next week #abq has to be a fav for outdoor locations
We were promised cake, but instead we got death by fire. :( LOL I love
"Heart is the one which sails the sea of emotions. Brain just brings to the surface whatever your heart is going through"
Done with finals!!!
walking vineyards
On the running machine #makeitcount listening to nye mix just posted the link on fb if u wanna hear it
Thank you for coming to the show!
Are you 'training' for a sport, or 'exercising' for a better quality of life? There's a difference. CG Philosophie.
#Journalism startups need sustainable biz plan w/at least 70 pct funds from earned income, says
“: Ash Wednesday... any plan for Lent?”. I'm giving up procrastination.... Tomorrow.
That's what girls do
Andrew Sallans now taking about the big picture of escience
oh thank you!
It's a shame we won't get to see Greinke vs. Carpenter in the NLCS. I'd like to see who'd wear one first. And the brawl would be epic.
Warm up with a cup of Darjeeling tea and a Rosemary Olive oil bagel on your way to work
That nap was so great.
$680 worth of suits! Yeah, you can say I'll be lookin' good! Haha
When a subject becomes totally obsolete we make it a required course
. But, Chris. . .here is a question in earnest. . .how could RC be used in conjunction with CCSS?
Much needed day off tomorrow! Although great rehearsal today! Freakin' talented cast!!!!!!
#pudsey so haooy you guys won:)
21 Jump Street is fkn awesome!!
UT alum is presenting on free business resources right now in room 362 BCEF
:( thinking about you & your family Kyle. So sorry for your loss!
#nowplaying House Party ; Meek Mill
Could be. Revising theory tho. Might be a bit longer, but out of work developers will start teaching @ high schools soon enough.
To & , thanks for following.
Love the collection!
Sweet! Good luck to you.
OMG you are NUMBER ONE for BEST FANS! RT if you love your MAHOMIES
i wonder if he give her good d will i really get a raise lmaoooo
"basketball wife" is my new look
hahaha I thought you would!!
Hello Twitter
Figuring out details for my next trip to LA in three weeks. I didn't think I'd be back this fast :)
Sitting in this room with all these people reminds me that I hate people
Party rock anthem.
The powerful conversation tools contained in this book (Authentic Conversations) will cont. -
if u could support any one of the caricters how would it be a.Fred and George b.Harry and ginny c.Ron and granger or d.Draco
The areas of your life that needs a overhaul. pride, unforgivness, disobedience, apathy etc. Imagine how smooth the ride of life will...
Im mad about following DUMB Stuff like Current 93 Death in June Coil-it just kept me from so much other music.I hated that time/early 1990's
they got the most complete team in the league .... Starters to the bench smh
That's my thing man!
RT : Show the world what a beautiful person you are. Let it shine. <-- Love this! Let's see all that radiant light ablaze!
So this weekend looks promising
I prayed for those who consider me their enemy today!
That awkward moment when your crush talks to you, and your friends are more excited than you are.
Extras in brewtown!
hahahahah! you wish!
Show is great, but you need to read the books. Thick reads, but quick. Joffrey is even more evil on pages
spraying us with silly string at the bus stop. They jumped out like we it was a movie coming out there
12:04 & I cant get u off my mind lol Super Excited that tickets 4 July 6th Milwaukee go on sale this Sat.!! Ur amazing 143 <3 4
Visit us at www.onqnites.com for more info on our events.
Karin Victoria Silvstedt (born 19 September 1974) is a Swedish celebrity model, actress, singer, and television personality
Word. Happy for all the progress but these assholes in the way need to be voted out. Dems all over need to get out the vote
I'd say we should grab coffee or a drink but a day doesn't sound like a very long trip. Safe travels!
Happy Mother's Day to me! Queen for a day!
i'm a walking travesty, but i'm smiling at everything.
Myspace ftw?
Have been reading MS&T every nite, a fast read. Wud love to hear more about ManVsWild. #NextBook ;-)
lolz i was
It'll be interesting to watch what happens to the kid on the cover of the 5/21 edition of too.
great article on Milwaukee... may want to check out and follow The Cardinals love it. Not.
Daddy gone get it in tonight! What better way to end the week #WeLikeToParty - XavierLT.com
you too! Love your idea and site. Great job. If you're ever in LA let's meet up!
#inthe90s Digimon was still relevant, and I loved it.
Went to the mall today with my friends, had fun :D
Help me, !
Less Friends , Less Bullshit..
Thanks for shopping with us! Have a safe and beautiful Labor Day Weekend!!
Remind me to ask you about you later.
I would rather go to a Twighlight premiere.
“: Listening to on the Local Buzz” Thanks for tuning in tonight Patti! #YouRock!
"All these teams that lost tonight don't have big guys." My point exactly, Charles Barkley.
G Peppas swag jacking my style
Frankie says relax. And see you Wednesday.
whats to ya ?
Last meeting of the year today at 1PM in Donahue 218B.
Warm Wishes!
Lonnie might kick your tail if he catches wind your eyeing his gig!
In 3 years, China added more Internet users than exist in the USA.
that one person you just always feel like talking to, but knowing it just wouldn't be the same.
50 years in business - pretty proud time for all of us @ Custom Art. Thank you all for everything!
yeah.. that's what I'm doing.
Smiling but u r not the reason :)
I saw it on the news this morning. Damn terrorists!! Its really pathetic.
Someone talk a walk to the bay with me
david why is that going to far? Am i missing something?
can we put them on bug rotation when you're done? enjoy!
forever long... 13 hours to San Fran then another 3 hours to Austin
Never give up on something you really want. Its difficult to wait, but more difficult to regret!
'girls are witches they can lift things without touching them'
The next 8 hours of my life I will be in birthing class. Please don't try to tweet or text me as I do not want to be distracted.
The weather is turning out to be perfect for all the reading I need to get done for my #WIP research. Not at all tempted to go outside.
15 years in TH is starting to be too long
Might freeze tonight and tommorrow night so shut off your timers to prevent ice on sidewalks & driveways from overspray
Tickets @ Ticket outlets are $55, but they are in Miami.
Great read. Thanks for linking the article.
np! You have great content! ;)
take pics! didnt know about this! Sry to miss it! “: GREAT! I'll come check it out!”
MUNI inspectors checking transfers and valid fares all along Market right now. My bus got hit twice!
please follow so I can coordinate prizing from #spookley party with you. Thanks!
pretty sure my students were given speed before class today. so that was... fun.
Hello, EasyJet & RyanAir, can you please update your websites? BER won't be open in July. Please change it back to SXF. Need tix urgently!
All Day Event!!!
bored wish i had a time machine
You okay man?
I have a lot of food at my table and I'm alone. Learn from me, skinny Qdoba loitering hipster teenagers.
Friendship is love with understanding.
Artists in Action Event: Celebrating the Fall of the Berlin Wall at GMU. Looking for actors and vocalists!
Thanks for a wonderful reception at the University Club tonight! So proud to be in ODK!
I... don't know what this is/is for, but sweet!
When the discussion was going on I said T-jack would win!
Worrying does not empty tomorrow of it's troubles ... it empties today of it's strength. - M. Engelbreit #findthepositive thx
which one?
happy #FF back at ya. Call it a volley ;)
So.... Why didn't anyone tell me that it's slim pickings on the men in New Orleans???
Remember mom's words when you skinned your knee or cried because he didn't call? "You can do anything. Try again." Mom is still right!
Not sure it's healthy for the rest of society but we are giving it a go.
“: I'm happy for all the people tweeting about going to shows but we need some love up north! OH or IN soon?” hope so!
lol when I saw the commercial for it I noticed he was cute but he looked young so I didn't do anything about it! Haha
Don't keep looking back, you'll never see what's coming
Ok I'm going to slap every lightskin girl with a fish that prefers a lightskin dude over a brownskin dude.
the chemist has been waived by the Knicks. They're in trouble again aren't they?
Good luck on your new endeavor The site is great.
dane cook is.a dbag I.agree!!!
you should totally do a Christmas album! I would
Long line for Ralph Lauren - lets hope I make it...
and raised the two boys, and the man's daughter, to be decent human beings. The younger boys, who were brought into the family by no fault..
Even if you just pledge $1 you can still be the Photobomber.
Thanks for your past service and follow!
I'm doing good thanks. :) Hoe about you? And to answer your question, if someone tweets something from Tumblr, all you need (c)
Can I be your hero in my dreams?
You should follow my sister she rocks.
so. Why cant she go
Ok! Back to real life!
Nick if u see this tweet thanks again for subscribing to my friend and thanks for the letter. :)
I go through post-its like crazy! Good thing I
. 1st Quarter: Solid Steeler play 2nd Quarter: Mayhem and foolishness
Oh and if people are tryna steal my thunder, at least credit me or will find you. K?
Best Rapper Award: Drizzy Drake
THATS WHAT IM SAYING! They need to go .
You and all of Seminole Nation
Can I put a bounty on whoever let Cris Carter and Bill Romanowski get into the news cycle?
Wow - love the new look!
your hotter (;
Cypress Hill (Rock) Superstar top 5 also.
Im Mad They Were Five Points Away Lbs
Hoping for a great outcome for my boy Brew using a holistic approach to veterinary medicine for the cure or comfort of his arthritis.
#SomberSongs Blight Room
Hey guys, I have nothing to do with this. Sorry your having a problem, but why attach me?
anywhere u go i will be following u
is my 13 yr old son sitting pressbox covering today's game
-- Where You Come From ? Lol
very cool! I will see you there next month :)
Happy Mother's Day<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B8>
Well,we coming down in April to visit...and if stuff don't pop off up here for me..im moving back down by early 2013 :-)
I'm not going to be at TLA this year :-( but I will be at the UNT Alumni dinner on Thursday.
wow I go to sleep for 45 minutes and this happens lolol
#NowPlaying The WHOLE CD. x
Live out of your imagination instead of out of your memory. – Fortune Cookie
it would make this the best birthday if you wished me a happy birthday alex <3
I'm going 2 say good night now b4 my eyes begin to cross..Nite Nite everyone!!!
Luke Babitt needs to make threes to be an effective NBA player...so maybe he can be effective, cause he is making threes
NASA's shuttle program was retired last summer but today I saw Discovery do a victory lap in DC. (cont.)
#WhoApprovedThis "Girl you a dime and I don't wanna spend it so Imma put you in my penny bank."
how did you get homemade butter? Did you make it?? Yum
Regionals tomorrow! !!!!!!! Were gonna rock the house! !!!!!!
Ads on YouTube videos have cut my video watching almost in half lol. If not more.
love it! Beautiful voices and very cute together.
Allergy avoidance tip: Change or empty your home’s HEPA filters, and don’t forget about the filters in your AC and clothes dryer, too.
Now i'm hoping just a little bit stronger, hold me up just a little bit longer. i'll be fine, I swear, i'm just gone beyond repair.
If I had a snare drum I'd march up/down the halls playing it. May have to settle for capirotada instead. You?
Who would of thought a simple "hello", would go this far :')
So far really liking ABC daytime's new show The Revolution. Sort of like what you would find in a magazine, but on TV.
"This truly a gift that goes beyond four walls and a roof," says Sequoia's mother.
what's wrong? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Is that still a story? It wasn't much of one to begin with. I guess with the SB in the books, beat writers have nothing to do.
#facfaceoff is trending for DC!
lmao I get that a lot. I don't like cheesecake either... :o
MyCity PROMO TIP: Treat the events you work like any other job--do great work and you're more likely to get hired again!...
Free my dad Jerome I miss you already!
Debbie Skelly~ In a mirror last place becomes first place... Just depends on how you wish to look at it.
Check now!
You're so welcome - glad we could help!
great, till than!
he said colts take fleener or upshaw
Dang, twitter is dead, they should make an app for tumblr for every phone!
Back to the hotel after a tasty dinner at schlafly
I will get back to after the season about the FCA Lacrosse Cincy team.
Snl so far really good
is that a coors light, Eric?!
'cause you a trip
Saturday cartoons make me happy
not yet. Tell your local craft beer stop to order some. It's open to any location that is hosting an event.
Looking for alligators today...
lmao your turn drew...
My liver is extremely grateful for the past 5 hours of napping & 3 gallons of water
Can't stay up any longer
yes my name is clearly synonymous with fashion
thanks for sharing, have a wonderful day!
" You can buy Education, but you can't buy Class. "
Thank you to all the brave ladies who have shared the story of your Alopecia journey with us. Stay strong!!!
These long as videos <<<<
Take out "bitch" and all of these are nerdgirl swoon-a-riffic.
It was great watching my son score 2 goals @ Pike soccer league today!!!!
So sick of funnel cakes...
Tell me, what does, Bom-Chicka-Bow-Bow mean? Don't be shy now...
For people trying for KC today Is anyone filling out their billing information while they wait? -Caitlin xx
I wonder if he can actually sing... Like, in real life.
oh crap,my bachelor pad just turned into the IPAD,too much shit going on and half of it you don't need!
could I get a rt on being your #1 fan
I feel like we've all been very presumptuous with regard to the appetite of wolves for the last 30 years or so.
Found a tick nymph on me! The ticks are OUT in force!
learn how to tweet faggot
I thought I seen u lol
Whoever has power to say yes or no, those are the gatekeepers for
Bleu is 1000% behind Bring it on home! Already counting on Game 7.
Don't forget to RT your boy and Those guys really are nuts and on this thing, sir. See u soon
How many times you seen a guy steal home on a pickoff? I can't remember seeing it. Also, Cole Hamels = smart.
Today's PR 3.0 will be at the Slammer Tavern just a couple blocks down Stark from our headquarters. See everybody there at 4 p.m.
yes, Wiz on it, Or fight fire with fire;)
see? And you pre-judged.
We are curious to know if any of you have had success getting your message to your clients through Twitter or is it a waste of time?
Grow your hair back out, then are you dtf? c;
Thanks. Is there a specific sponsor code for this drive?
Yves Klein exhibition app! Hirshhorn -> Walker
Dang i feel like shit foreal
The most common response from my beloved friend to me ==> RT : sigh.
Finnish students don't suffer from PTWS (Post Testing Withdrawal Syndrome). Unemployment for PTWS specialists skyrockets.
nahh I dont think so coach said he thinks its just bruised I should be good
what's a fun project I can use to teach kindergarteners about you?
I decided I need to get back up on my tweet game. #imbackbeeches how you doin gurl?
My Auntie House
Thx to my daily schedule is packed w/ all the things I actually WANT 2 be doing! I've never been so excited 2 wake up before 8am!
That "one side" just wants Obama to fight for what he stood for during his election.
looking for a good t-shirt place in Lincoln Park, any ideas? #Go Local
So Creighton is my new college bball favorite
Heading to the #txhimss conference with ! Let the fun begin!
Thanks man!
Of course it is. #HypotheticalQuestion :)
tonight both the Brat and Ale Houses will be rockin ( via karaoke) sp PLEASE come a knockin ( or a singin or a drinkin or both)
Nice job Philly!!!!
Worst day of my life
Hash Tag for Rally to Restore Sanity is
RT Philadelphia jails are so overcrowded that antidepressants (Lexapro) are given to all prisoners to "keep peace"
Good luck with that whole using deviance to alleviate boredom loop.
Time to invest in a new bathing suit for senior trip!
": If you say "Gullible" slowly, it sounds like "Oranges".." Fell for this
Just spied you were here at #hyperlocal. Would love to say hello after this panel. Wall back to Convention Center?
Loving your book! Had a "la mia moglie...malata di stomaco" moment w/ Italian pharmacist in Florence. Thank God for Geffer.
If Congress has the power to make you engage in an activity that you don't want to do - where is the limitation upon the Federal Gov't?
General Washington is looking for an engineer to help correct some of the defensive lines in the camps around Boston.
4 year olds take it the best of all. They usually just shrug and continue playing. They're wiser than adults in that way.
you're welcome :) *hugs*
I was up at 5:15!!
but i really want our bros to take us
you just posted like 70 tweets in 10 seconds how
Bravo JM! I like the piece too!
Wishing everyone a #happy and #healthy #NewYear. Be safe tonight!
BEST start to a birthday ever: breakfast delivered to my desk by Make-your-own breakfast burritos? HOW DO YOU KNOW ME???
Tomorrow is Small Business Saturday. Lets all do our part to visit local wine shops, restaurants and markets in our area!!
I expect to see at the show tonight. #noexcuses!
John kuan is on here
what kernel are you using? And with what settings?
I'm finally entering the world of Tweeting. What fun! Follow me. love you, AFT
Sadly not yet. We haven't found the right large music festival partner in NYC or East Coast to date. Always hoping though!
if u are in twitter now call me mena going to pick up ask him were he is let me know
I'd piss blood for a week for a prairie fire right now
Obama endorses same-sex marriage. I oppose it.
Smelling like hot dogs as you go to sign up for a 5k: Embarrassing? It's gotta be
"you ask" "no you ask" "will you please ask?" "why can't you ask?" "fine...hey my friend wants to ask you something"
Watched Zayns dancing video once again.. <3
Second grade lied, I never use cursive.
Tomorrow morning starts a day/night long internal hackathon on campus. Very exciting!! #innovation #swingforthefences!!
ah okay :)
yay! maybe i'll make it to the gym today. ;)
I'm so sorry to hear that. Hope you feel okay! :]
how not to learn how to drum: listen to your original songs, try to imitate Jon Bollinger, repeat.
ha! Thanks girl :) you do the same!!
<---- girl that messes up sh*t (smh)
namedropping Jeff Peterson Cup 2011. I still want those shows!
i <U+2764> elizabeth
There are a few things I really really hate but one of those things is a LIAR. I hate LIARS.
. Nice blog. Sorry for your loss, and thanks for the important perspective.
RT Rep. Phillips takes Krider to task on her implication that PP targets college students.
Pretending I have Amnesia works everytime
thanks re #exhibit3! we're looking for some early collaborators with interesting data to test... suggestions welcomed ;)
I'll be there shooting. Hit me up and I'll make sure you get pics.
Twins run heavy in my family and have skipped my sisters thus far, with my luck I'll have twins - twin girls at that. Ewww, I'll cry. :(
wow! #honored!
when he stood smiling and it was just there like aw
Metalcore/Deathcore rising band from Grand Rapids MI. Check out our songs and see if you like us! thanks for the support
absolutely, Im sure they will love it ! already used by Tigers, Mets, Sox, Mariners etc.... should be a gr8 day thx invite!
I would be curious what the stats are for teams trying to get the 2 for 1. P, fg% etc.
Send our congratulations to Taryn!
My concern is not that anyone will think less of me. My concern is that I will think less of me.
It is spam. I just had to change my password. Don't click on it!!
#MarchMadness prep is underway in Louisville...four games here tomorrow...lots to do!
Hi world
lol me too!
I need sleep !
Check out our Facebook.com/ChaseMarketingGroup page for images from past events and more!
And I'm back on the ground in the ATL - phew, that was a marathon 9days!
Fun Fact Friday: 3 out of 4 domestic trips taken are for leisure purposes (77%).
Well u have an amazing voice Izabelle and guess what??
create a black guy date some white bitches slay some dragons
Yes, they do, as well as a responsibility to introduce audiences to different voices, cultures, costumes.
Jones playing Beastmode today
RT : Be encouraged. Stay on your hustle. You can’t fail until u quit.
I'll come speak for free!
hes not a good defender, that comment is pretty baseless. you're essentially going off public perception
it felt like a dropoff from the other Blizz games of the era, tho I love the mindless arcade games that came before!
yes!!! and by a bunch of little black people stupid ass shit though
I'm guessing Madison DMd you..
So I dodged the 7:15am meeting tomorrow. At least until next week.
Someone should have told me Paul McCartney was playing at Wrigley. I would have made different travel plans! omg
Only guy I love is Eminem<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
At the library I work at there are 490 people on the waiting list for Hunger Games. And we have over 200 copies. IT'S CRAZY.
Joseph Conrad said, “The belief in a supernatural source of evil is not necessary
CHALLENGE PREVIEW: Tomorrow you will get the chance to win a FREE Fit2Go meal. Stay tuned!
can I tweet blushing, Love to you, and appreciation for your awesome talent? Cuz I want to.
Hahaha i play to much smh ... :)
yesh. And nice to meet you. :]
Bust out your chains for the weekend! Want some? Hit me up!!
YAY LOVE! Got our 1st hit from India since putting up tracking system www.ILoveYouMoreBook.com
I'm on call 2nite. Hopefully uninterrupted sleep is in order. AM news shift 2morrow
reporting for jury duty today. I so hope that does not mean I have to consume brown liquid from a vending machine and pretend its coffee...
Peter Sam, Rusty and Sir Handel
Get your TAN ON! *Specials TODAY* All UV TANS are $9 each! MEMBERS-ONLY can buy a HY or HP tan for $5!
You've gotta love a guy who gives a shoutout to Jesus. I can't be mad at him for winning over Tony. :)
There are three signs of old age: loss of memory ... I forget the other two. ~ Red Skelton
Dolphin Tale is amazing
Fall has asked for my silence and has showed me that judging yourself is not the same as being honest and open with yourself
Busy day. Authentication issues, prep for a Firefox upgrade, and some questions about OverDrive support accounts. No time for Twitter...
Life is 10% of what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. -John Maxwell
US Airways = Worst Airline EVER
the whole in my thumb <<
Birthday lunch last Friday. Delish food. Only thing they need is #popcorn on the menu! Great job, !
Yeah. Getting myself up to run and shower and I'll come over. It's going to be cold!
RT : i heard ur bit on dude. the beat was ill. lol i cant get it outta my head.
because you're gay for Zev?
RT #quote "having lunch with stupid girls. gay :D" -Abraham Lincoln
praying my grade doesn't drop
just booked our room for timmayfest !!!!!
"the vomiting of politics is what fourier calls invention"
I hate airports.
U have no idea how nauseous they are making me.
I agree. All of our shirts are made and printed in the US. Wanted to share http: //76garments.com/
This time - ALL bay area beliebers will be planning it!!! BUYOUT TINYCHAT SON. Give more info later.(:
I've always been a turn-based guy over twitch.
3 day week, let's get it
Sometimes I forget how lucky I am to help change, and improve the health of people. Their trust in me to help them, humbles me! Thank you!
Congrats! Treats well-deserved.
bed by 1?
Amazing party last had, had the best time ever!!! Happy Birthday Chris!! Love you
Happy Birthday
Unicorns and glitter <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A0>
Ray J will have the du rag flapping in the wind in celebration tonight.
I love the idea of having an opening credits before a play with visuals and music.
In the word(s) of the great Charles Barkley, this is "TRBL"!!!!!
My niece walked into my room and said your hair look like beautiful! (:
“: I'm regretting saying I'd drink every time I heard the word "Tebow" on TV today. #AlreadyDrunk”.
the feeling of success
Love is like a butterfly; hold it too tight & it'll crush, hold it too loose & it'll fly.
Chk out Gingrich in our movie at #cpac tomorrow am
Arguing with on why I think #BritneySpears is pretty cool.
Would you rather meet someone you love, for being themselves or for their talent?
Thanks for the #FF! best to ya :)
terry playing with crayfish tonight at the irish channel, crofton, md 10pm
'Dancing With 12 News This Morning' continues. Coming up on see my cha-cha practice. #WISN12 you're going DOWN
DJ'n Silverado bar tonight. Some country & various Spanish music
4sho . Im ready for this game next week.
Adam Kalishman is on air until 9!
Hey, pepper spray is like a food product...right?
#NBAMVP Cole Aldrich, because hey, why not?
you know what they said! new hair, new life(:
Kim might be joining us as our new sewing repair & alteration expert -- we sure need one. And she lives down the street -- great to connect!
private vs public cloud computing, costs, control issues, risks. Lots of considerations when looking at cloud computing
#AwkwardMoment when you Realize your GF has the Same Lip as a Famous Person you just want to uhmm Attack . . . Lmao.
seeking volunteers to help at the door for #BASHH on Thursday - great way to meet people! let us know if you're interested!! (pls RT)
This movie is bouta make me cry <U+E401>
RT was a HUGE success. Our thanks to all of you who were there! Good times, Great People and Beer!
maybe thats what they are tryna to do with Floyd . He holds like 7 of em know. Make him retire with most of em
Its funny how even tho marty mcfly traveled to the future nd back all he rlly wanted was to be a famous musician
We bear the grins of the smiling dead.
We just left and rolled down there. We'll be ready in a sec. Were there from 11:30 till 1:30
I’m on NBC’s “Chase” tonight! Jerry Bruckheimer’s newest series airs at 10/9 Central.
Couldn't ask for better weather for today's photoshoots! Lots of clouds, but not too cold... yeah!
Great weekend Israel Independence day at the Straz Center in Tampa, now off to Pier 60 to finish things off!
It's obvious McLuster > the Gronk
Hi every1! How are you all? Sorry i havent been tweeting as much. I have a Christmas concert on Saturday & I've been rehearsing like crazy!
your welcome!
send some brownies our way!
Thank you so much..If you're in Nashville this Friday stop by , I'll be playing from 5-7.
When I was a kid, I used to think when people said "errand" they were saying "Erin." So, now I say, "I'm running an Erin."
I've been homesick for Australia the last few days ... it's always weird when it hits ... I'll be alright!
lets just make it happen.
what is happening??
Definitely agree. The Steelers need a spark. Big Ben and the Steelers offense is struggling.
I'm PERSONALLY following the next 150 that follows ! Retweet if you did.<U+2665>
What year.. and what's on the design.
#foodieproblems RT : My husband needs to stop posting pics of food and start hunting down some to eat. For dinner. Just sayin'
Has anyone covered the contraception story in terms of the male side, i.e. vasectomies, Viagra?
RT : Data science hackathon in london under way. Teams are in action. lots of discussions.
Justin Bieber kinda looks like a Lesbian girl
's voice , always and forever <U+2665>
RT A big thank you to La Costa Canyon High School Cheerleaders, Breea Renee (Help Breea Beat MS), Aj Rockit
RT : Bike time! NICE!
RT : NICE, VERY NICE. Right back atcha! Laughed today with "sun jacket" comment. Let's get that word in circulation.
RT : That's No Cookie Monster! Sesame Street's YouTube Channel Hacked, Replaced With Porn: It's just a different kinda cookie
RT :taking a wild guess here: the #NJ #Devils won tonight.based on raucous noise &horn blaring autos outside my window. :)
Just got home and do I even have to say it? Effing cable company!!! I need my baseball!!!!
My pleasure, Rich.
It's Wednesday! Most of our team is working on some wonderful homes while the rest are planning the Kite Festival to benefit !
So should we hit the Toyota Center for practice, or head over to you guys up at ESPN? Tips, advice?
CHECK MY PICS THERS PROOF IT'S ME
Rise and grind! Off to the gym then work all day! Make it a wonderful Wednesday!!
Looking to see if Mrs. Kraft is part of the gallery. Will get back to you.
I have a little brother 17 years younger than myself. All kinds of weirdness there.
WOW, DISAPPOINTING RAW!! NO rock, no sting, no good wrestling! Ill be watching a historic march 3rd TNA IMPACT over this garbage.
That is AMESOME!
That's why I was a Hall of Famer
Hello industry brethren, tonight we offer you all half off of everything.
Back from SFO, then rehearsing @ Royce Gallery for "Fingers and Toes", a tap/electronic drum performance.
Alw shit I diggs it!!! Lol That's what's sup!!! keep it up
I never thought I would be this excited to get a new bed
I'm in desperate need of sun.
#Hoosiers take the opening tip, Sheeby nails the jumper.
Start the morning off right. Do what makes you happy.
So very new to twitter not sure if I will like this. Since I never usually update my status on fb more then once a week!
I'm good... Been running a small lakeside resort in a very small town all summer. Nice weather and lots of fun! You?
Went to see "Don't Be Afraid of the Dark" earlier! It was the best scary movie I've seen in a while!!
Thank You Joan is trending WORLDWIDE! <U+2665>
That is a B-E-A-utiful guitar!!!
Peaceful and silent protesters in front of CHA today. #march11doesnthavesecondmeaninglikemarch4:(
Awesome Thanks Kim! :)
Like cinema? Learn more about the new Film and Media Studies Minor! Info. session on 1/19 @ 5 p.m. in New South Film Screening Classroom.
not surprising in the least, should be a memorable discussion if they are really allowed to speak by the crowd
Best Beer and Burger while traveling. Illinois Bar and Grill (MDW)
You can achieve anything you want. Just don't be afraid to try !
THUNDER + COFFEE ftw!
Road rage at its finest.
Opportunities abound, the unsuccessful see challenges, and make excuses.
I just wanna go home <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
let me clarify; we r chilling with my pet kangaroo Ralphie, who wears a suit of Velcro and jumps onto fabric walls :) xo
I have Hanley Ramirez who can play there & Robert Andino but I need him at 2B.
sure ya are (:
I guess yer pops and I both like Bugs Bunny and Yosemite Sam!
I miss you - Frank Ocean >>>>
Baker gets a good break at Assumption - Foxboro Reporter
You are the best cody simpson:3
It seems, then, that data is that which is prior to both argument and algorithm, and that its form both shapes and is shaped by the latter.
Dont Click any links in your DIrect Messages. Hacked accounts are sending phishing DMs?. (via )
I have been painting for the past 4hrs...hand is cramping up..time stop..i'll finish up t.rex in the morn.
such an honor meeting you at warped in tampa florida<3 i love you so much. I would appreciate it if you would follow me? (:
You will!
Never make someone your priority if you remain their option…
hey can you ask Cathleen If she got my email about Monday?
I like the killing and I enjoy Madmen
Next thing you know, we'll be hearing Backstreet Boys...
this u hear all of the time but hell u r a good wrestler in my opinion
Interesting fact: humans shed over 30 million eyelashes over our lifetime.
I think and need to call out the piss pour showing by #cubs fans!
I couldn't get into Weeds, but I did like the few episodes of Breaking Bad I saw
you are our target audience for Shortmail Connect - small messages go to your SM, while longer ones go to gmail.
Don't really like fanny pak tbh
when a guy mows down the heart of the lineup in the 8th and is still fresh, why pull him just because his title isn't "closer"?
Happy Friday everyone! What are you doing for the Super Bowl? If you are in need of some last minute snack ideas, we've got you...
Ms. Lawly (our career advice coach): What do you plan to be when you grow up, Katelyn? Me: An erotic dancer.
my dad will making it ! ^-^ lololol sure !
haha and what are those like extra small? d:
Its pursues paper today. And Damn we should alternate
It's a quick trip, but I'm excited
Looking for Google+ pals... Hit me up: Arthur G Gonzales and hurry cuz it's cold and lonely out there! LOL
thnx for the follow. i look forward to your ideas and views about wine.
fade on my head a mutha fuckin part before i hit the homeroom nigga gotta spark
I just want to go home and watch Skins.
Hey all Chicago 1d fans! Tweet the link or put the link on a Facebook page of Chicago radio stations and local news channels!
my dad knows workers at radio disney
right? Just like have setting you can put on and BAM! Lol that would be awesome
**Save the date** - SeeThruEquity, LLC is hosting a small cap investor conference at the Cornell Club in NYC on June 5th. More details soon!
i'm sure the bus is but all of his belongings?
:) thanks sweeti I love u too honey !!<U+2665><U+2665>
ha my baby lol
Fantastic #health2stat meeting last night in #DC. Great to chat with a roomful of 'do-ers'!
that's what's up <U+E328>
I like the drafts recently. The young pitching will be a big boost to the big league club. I like Scooter. Need to draft power.
Nice driving range session today..hopefully can take it on the golf course.
update 2.0: [ ] knew what dime was
Thanks for the follow!
contemplating my exciting new future
Sorry, I didn't mean to sound all handwavy-flaily-dramatic there, I'm just grumpy. And may need more coffee.
Had a great Valentines Day, what a surprise haha, and thank you for the dinner and teddy beaar love u babayguuuurl
:) RT: Thank U so much for the box of Sunbelt Granola cereal from a recent Trivia Tuesday giveaway. It's yummy:)
and yet, not so much.
sounds like a plan, I'll be there
Have a great day......worked out work Cleve and then hooped day the C.K
Flight Facilities- Crave You ( Adventure Club)
The Paprika-dusted Flounder over Fisherman's stew at on #HStDC is phenomenal!
So true--thank you for this timely and needful reminder, Randy!
sounds like an Entourage plot line.
Yeah, it's Jin. The MAIN character
What's Happening?
Basketball today and #TheWalkingDead tonight!!!
RT : I just bought my #Titanic Exhibition tickets. I CAN'T WAIT. I have been dreaming of this since I was 5. Thanks <3
Thanks for coining a great #JohnWilliamsIndiana Jones/Jaws crossover: Raiders Of The Lost Shark. 1-800-421-1717.
Join Face Book page
I support you and Chloe!!! Really enjoying the new season!!
Life Has Many Different Chapters Of The Story, One Bad Chapter Doesn't Mean It's The End Of The Book...
I can't stand the idiots in the HIMYM subreddit sometimes.
I'm in the mood to listen to All Time Low today....
I know its only NIT, but nice to see the #iowahawkeyes get a solid post season win last night.
: give me the first letter of your name and I bet you I can guess it. -- me: Lea... Wait I just gave it out. Hahahahaha ! ;)
Why is my house freezing.. Not okay
Thanks to the San Francisco Bay Area Jewish Genealogical Society for the warm welcome and the chat about doing family history
Thank you. We'll be thinking of you!
Hi David, thanks for the RT. Am curious as to what "mixing magic mojo of emergent dialogue and organic design..." means?
man, I love y'all. Music, everything. It's not bout da fame, y'all jus too raw lyrically n actually acknowledge fans
Sweet! We can't wait to see you tonight!
this tweet's sole purpose is to no longer have 666 tweets
In an era when any semblance of customer support has faded, I'm shocked at the patient, knowledgeable (free) support from Kudos!
Thoughts & prayers to , Joe Sell's family, friends, and fans.
: Thank you!! And awee we cant wait!! When you get there say ur on our VIP list or find one of us and we can get u throu ...
To legally register his business Muhammed Bouazizi needed to go through 55 steps, wait 152 days, and pay 12x his monthly income.
my favorite color is blue and purple :)
Snowing in Brier Creek.RT : says its snowi g and sticking there in Chapel Hill. Sleeting here in Knightdale.
RT : Dear PRs, if you are going to pester me on the phone about one of your clients, please make sure you know its market cap...
Is it saturday yet?
Stave victimized by a drop, pass was thrown a little behind Jeff Duckworth but the junior should have made the catch
Funny how you said your spending wasn't gonna to do that. : 25 days until middle-class taxes increase if Congress doesn't act.
#IfIwonthelotterytonight I would Go to Vegas immediately
And with tissues, a trash can, & a mop- He will help you clean up ... Continued next tweet
Loving the VIP treatment at McDonalds'
Purified Seth Rogan.
OKC came out with guns blazing.
I think should be more afraid of the killer jackets then the mexican bats with the tiny hats
It's so nice out, wtf
My bedroom is looking super indie eclectic.. I don't know how I feel about this.
did you get the package that was emailed
thanks for the Sunday night follow back!
Yessir. Come thru bruh! Just walk in when you come.
Omw to the sex store w/
I loved the headlines two weeks ago that said, 'World Peace Suspended.' How is your brother Jeremy?
I know. LOL Thanks!
#MicrophoneAssassins music video is well on its way. I leaked a small portion last night for #Mer-C but I had to set it back 2 private...
love is a cat from hell
yes and freakin Calgon took me nowhere. I mean even Cinderella got to go to the ball
Happy Birthday !
Thx for the follow, Margo. Downloaded your new e-book today for fun read on the way to AWP to speak. Will u be there?
ah sorry Ken! If you texted in the last week I've been out of the country. I'll be back on Tuesday though. finally free wifi
When she asked me to pull out her wedgie..
no problem girl <3
" The most eloquent silence; that of two mouths meeting in a kiss."
I think they do vary. For ex, my sense of privacy at home is different than my sense of privacy at a coffee shop.
Same. School and basketball. Plus it was hot!
That picture hurt my spirit =(
dismissing him as crank/rocker convenient way to pretend he's not mainstream TX political thinker
While watching last night, I found out that I live near one of the most haunted places in America! Visiting it today!
After watching Harry Potter last night, I'm still a little sad.
It was an excellent time playing for you last night. Let's do it again soon.
thank you for the follow! Happy Tuesday... excited to keep sharing the videos with our community!
Hosting Read Local today, an event that gives 7 local authors the chance to pitch, then sell, their books at the Velma Teague Library.
It's funny how you spend more time looking up how to rite an essay,than actually writing it
my bro attacked me for my phone! Lololol asked my sis where hes going&she asked y what he doing? He takes my phone&tells her he's sleeping
Boy could you quit this stallin ' you know ima sexaholic ....
I'm over here in california & he's in michigan :(
I feel like nobody knows anything about me
much love to you and your family, Adam. We are all praying for your bother and his crew.
hey my birthday is august 19th. Starbucks giftcard ;)
We rolled up and poured up and it don't stop!!
#TranceTuesday Listening to #ASOT with my boy while I spin out new VMs and he dances
Does anybody have an owner's manual for a girlfriend? Mine's making a terrible loud noise
Admiring the quaint dusting of snow in the yard.
911 call just came for cow walking along the road. What's unusual about that? Maybe she's hitching a ride.
It's Monday! Time for #thevoice. This is the only reality show I like.
in class...Intro to Urban and Environmental Planning. This is a pretty cool class so far.
I seriously hope QPR loan out to provincial prison team.
Mission focus and mission clarity are key to getting people (internal) engaged
I get an Adrenaline Rush when I shoot a gun.
This cat has six paws
Don't take me for granted, because unlike the rest, I'm not afraid to walk away.
The Village People should write a new song D.M.C.A Its fun to take down your work with a D.M.C.A.
When a guy calls you his princess. >>>
"The Sheltering Sky" by Paul Bowles and "Snow" by orhan pamuk
I hate arguing with some ppl about sports they don't fucking listen
i do in the summer
Thank you!
That sounded weird.
bahaha i cant:\
oh hey derr
If you'd like to recommend any goals quotes, please contact me. Enjoy these goals quotes!
Just munched a 'Red heart' road goodie worth 3 points!
“: Happy happy birthday :) let's celebrate soon please! #miss you" Thank you!!!! Miss you too! Let's hang out!
RT : After work head to Kung Fu and Drink 4 a Cause. We're donating 15% of our sales to !
Weather for Fresno, CA 90°F Can I get something between windy and 45 and 90s
The Sandias are looking very volcanic.
Yes, I did really do that to myself. Yesterday was the first & last time I will ever do it.
#IICRC Training Day Two
Putting away winter clothes to make room for all the new stylish summer outfits coming in, So come get it while its coming in...
thinks that will be a pillow
Sometimes I really hate being a girl...! >.<
“: #Libra comes with a built in lie detector.” absolutely
is hiring entry/mid-level IA/UX to work in our Baltimore office. Job desc. coming soon, reply if interested
not sleeping tonight...
He must of found the instruction manual.. Lol
idk I've been at 's Chili Bowl all day with
The greatest
Huntsman also believes in campaign finance reform
Holy shit mr. Winland was so right
Celebrating the holidays and supporting the Food Bank at our holiday party at Everett and Jones BBQ
JUSTIN'S UNDER THE MISTLETOE ALBUM IS AMAZAYN. OMG.
Yea dad also used to throw garbage cans n fish tanks in the middle of the street at night n watch cars crash into em lol that shit cray lol
I want to meet you!!!
same thing had a nice dinner
hey anyway you can post that on facebook ? I wanna announce it on there
Aghhh my eyes hurt
. for mayor.. will fix the traffic and show up to #craftbeer events
Absolutely! You do a great job!
Thank you! It was fun! (Although a friend just told me that I don't look old or wrinkly enough to be the head of Neurology!)
great idea also, when there's time, go to museums that aren't for class. One of my favorites was
the 26!!!!! Only. That will be way better!
Excited to see my team talk re human trafficking & others talk re: future of legal profession/ed at UM's
When I was a kid the movie, "The Gate" really scared me.
I know you banging it out over there right now, SO ROCK THE SHIT HOMIE!!!
same name as my twitter
Everyone back home is complaining of hail. It's 81 and sunny out here.
Spring into fitness! Jumpstart your health by taking a GroupEx class @ the Y! Check with your Y for new class schedules....
Happy Mothers Day! We love our moms!
Still looking forward to Nashville in May with and
Obama to nominate former Clinton OMB director Jacob Lew to head his OMB when Orszag leaves post, WH said. Lew currently State Dept. COO.
THE #CLIPPERS. 28-3 RUN. BOOM.
Tough draw against 14-seed Tebow RT Made it through to the final 32 in the 13 Cover vote.
he loves me more!!
I suggest we get a bottle of "something" & call it a party! We can infuse that "something" w chia. Who's w/ me?
OMG just read this! are you ok twinsie?
Holding writing workshop for my undergrad class to get feedback on their abstracts & outline 4 final paper from peers. Suggestions?
I AM SO HAPPY. ^___^
"Try not to become a man of success, but a man of value."
#Madonna, I'm so confused. What's happening right now.
Monday, we'll be interviewing , , and any questions you'd like to ask 'em? Let us know!
So today is going really good.(: Spreading some love and having fun while doing it. #HappyVDay I love you!
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will.
Be nice. Everybody will be 52 one day and won't have her money to make up for the age.
#ghettotranslations... let me hold sumthin = let me have some money but im not going to pay you back......NEVER!
Im back home, Long Island kid 4life
RT #Oomf always calling over to cook his ass sumn.. He need him a woman cuz I'm not playing wifey..smh
you betta tell Kobe & Ron Ron to download then homie! LOL
Attnys are motioning for court to make recuse herself from case
Yaaay I passed my wonderlic test for my culinary arts school. I'm so excited and proud of myself AWESOME YEAH BUDDY.
“: we are talking about that down here at #140edu it's been a great 2 days”
yeah... I basically keep cable for Madmen. And TCM. And the occasional soccer match. Other than that...? Eh.
Thanks for the retweet!
. thanks for sharing that press for WATERLIFE! So happy about that one xox
In your opinion, , is there one brand whose customer loyalty program really stands out?
Thank you, thank you!
we have a TON of butter in our fridge right now. that is not an exact measurement though
Is nice to meet you !
We need friends, just not 6 billion of them that say "bestfriend"
anyone know how to make twitter let you follow more people?
hahaha I was so cute, I know. I tried so hard omg lolololololol.
I am ALWAYS your valentine <U+2665>
Networking is really just being kind and helpful to everyone you meet and keeping record of how to stay in touch with them!
#writing plan today: #edit 4 chapters. Will be brain dead when finished.
RT : When is God going to fulfill His word in me... There is no return address to His Word! It will happen!
hahahaha I can so see that! I'm supposed to be studying for business but I'm just watching netflix in the library.
Happy birthday K-tron! I hope you have a great celebration and a wonderful year ahead!
When does the #Chicago hurricane season end?
Haven't found a house in LB yet, but I am hopeful
Why do good women fall for the wrong men, and good men fall for the wrong women?
how nice, jussi! this means a lot, coming from you :-)
you are very beautiful!!
I clicked the #5Krevolution hashtag. And so far you are the only one tweeting about it.
Engagement Ring Shopping: The Sequel
Chirp Chirp...who's goin out tonight!?
Hey , I Just Want My Music Videos Back...forget the pants.
I have never laughed as hard as I did at the 2nd post credits Avengers scene. Frakking comedy gold.
happy birthday!!! :-)
So, for example, you'll get unlimited 4G wireless internet for $131.65. That's $35 activation, $50 modem, $40 monthly service+tax
Aren't we all? RT : I'm waiting for a ginger bi-curious Franklin Pierce.
I cordially invite to Chicago. We have rats the size of bears, and I'll throw you a party if you kill them.
Are the Dems really going to be able to saddle us with a cap-and-trade thing? There must be some way we an stop this.
#Omega-3 supplements help the health of the #gums, reduce inflammation and block the pathogenic organisms.
Thank you "Baby Girl"!
True that. Now pardon me while I kick myself for having sold my Mariah CDs to to a used CD store yrs ago, pre-iPod. Crap.
thanks for asking. "friendliness will kill you [in the classroom]" is what I was told, so I guess yes, less pleasant
"Here's a song by a gay guy."
Go to www.teamkproductions.com to see the new www.BrioPhotography.com commercial!
I dressed in yellow for . I look like a 45 yr old peep praising the Lord!!!
Boston “: Its too easy for these spurs...can someone tell me a team that can beat them this year?”
I just wanna pull my hair so it grows faster!! >=P
& i just stalked you :)))
HANNAH I PROMISE DP IS NOT DICK PLATE OMG. <3
If we were faultless we should not be so much annoyed by the defects of those with whom we associate.
I lived in LA for 5 years and never felt anything like that. Our whole building was wobbling!!!
#oomf always lets me down</3
I really missed the boat on this whole Beastie Boy's thing-I was going through a DUMB Goth phase I guess? I don't know-I'm just out of touch
Thank God ! All this is Resolved Brand NEW Starts ...<U+2764><U+270C><U+2764>
I would like to be a whisky ninja. What is my initiation?
where am I this past few days? >.<
I'm a thug nigga on a sunday
hahahahaha its a hobby for me the only time I won't spend that much is.when I have a girl
How about dem #Cowboys at No. 14 you ask. They'll hope for Mark Barron. If not Michael Brockers or Stephon Gilmore sounds good.
no idea.
Alarm set for 830...woke up at 930 with my phone in my hand and alarm turned off
HOWAAAAAAHD? IS THAT YOU?
...which is included in the package of pretending to care deeply about interactive human relationships.
RT : I genuinely find myself hilarious.
Don't push yourself to you limit, push yourself past your limits. True victory is self victory!
She tweet me, I don't tweet her back cause my time line I be watching that.
It says on your Twitter description "good decision maker" REALLY????? In relation to who Howard????
Happy Birthday, Hanx!
Best things about the NCAA Tournament- 1. Bracket contests 2. Upsets 3. Favorite Team 4. Watching basketball at 12:30 pm on a Thursday :-)
...that women are attracted to Catholic priests because priests are untouchable, or unreachable, or inviolate, or something like that.
Damnn! All the Spanish teachers just suck!!
what website?
almost forgot
I need new bras.
Happy Friday everyone and thanks for following
TIme for a McDonalds break...need some breakfast energy. Some would say that it is time for some "good grease".....m.
definitely, well said!
in other words, no paraphrase, just poetic summary of the goals of interpretative sociology
no doubt
love it.
OPENING DAY IN SAN DIEGO - nothing much else to discuss.
Amazing! Packers > NFL
Talk Doesn’t Pay, So Psychiatry Turns to Drug Therapy- NY TIMES
. re: "snow white & the huntsman": "Charlize Theron asking the mirror who's fairer, and it shows Kristen Stewart? um, naah"
Can't wait to see if can compete with Miami <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I would but I have two finals on Tuesday of next week. Studying on the weekend is so much fun!
things I hate: mosquitos, people who ride their bikes on super low gears, peanuts
Lisa u kno u are the bomb...i compare most 2u..much luv 2u Lisa...keep killin em wit all that class u have..great PR peoples
it seems like a lot of people are. I've seen way too many movies.
thanks. Btw, you free today? 1:30-4pm to be a non speaking extra? Business attire. On campus.
That's a very loaded statement considering what you've described as pretty before. Lol.
Uh God...a John Mayer rewteet? Not going to take much more of that...
Off to the mall for some retail therapy, christmas edition: because I feel less guilty about spending money when I spend it on someone else
lol this guy RT : LOL RT : Im no longer a black man. The Black God
Well you suck.
I'm in flow chart purgatory.
Going to go see a show at tonight.
Poor baby
Look I'll just say it. Taylor Swift gets all the best dick in Hollywood and I'm pretty bitter about it.
I see the Acta slander on my timeline. I get it. I do. But offense had several chances to blow game open and didn't.
This be that real good shit nigga I'm hi then a mufucka
It will be very interesting to watch if copyright issues start to dog Pinterest.
Rajon Rondo said his right hand is fine, no long term ramifications. Also was pretty sassy. So, the usual.
See you at the Bar+Bistro Hangover Brunch ~ named by Travel+Leisure Magazine as one of Las Vegas' best new attractions! 11am-3pm
I feel positive energy for the west linn man whose fiance' is detained in syria. she will come home.
lol i dont mess with those randolph kids anymore
Lady is rockin a gold lame top at the gym. Power shirt?
we all are looking for that :)
You'll be missed Andrew ;-(
mase I just wanna thank you for all of ur years of service t the baltimore ravens, u exemplify what itmeans to play like a raven
Thanks for the #FF mention!!
you're goofy
I'm in the mood to #GiveObamaCreditfor..stuff. what do you want to give him credit for? use the hashtag. and
RT : I think I failed my web design Exam
Bring me Beer & Clamato!
nehehe. We honestly do.
Work real boring -__-
ARTIC worked with IMA (software development) and NGA (registration of image layers) on Getty funded project. Great collaboration.
hi!!!! big fan! U guys should come to Omaha NE were known for our corn!!! Lol :D
Wtf. #NickDiaz no-shows the #BJJ super fight. Such disrespect to
If I decide to not take my bio final...I will still get a B. "Oops sorry, I overslept. NBD."
send him home early so I can eat it sooner lol
what about roshon? ;)
please spare your followers
On the way to thaaaa beach. ~
lol I'm on it breh but I I never understand it you think they'll ever make one 4 retards
Garden of Goodness (named by a young gardener) at Friendship Court provides veggies for 50-60 families
buffalo to both :)
Florence May, #TRSOnline, speaker on Volunteer Mananagement Best Practices at #NASC12 this afternoon. Join in the discussion.
Lol. You are too!!
it's hailing and why aren't we on a two hour delay? :(
what channel is it on?
So please somebody if you have a video of rapping "boyfriend" from the show last night, send it to me. PLEASE!! :)
just congratulated for making it to the final 3. That just made me love him even more. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
#IThankGod for waking me up every morning. I'm so thankful <3
Juggernauts took over DC tonight!!
thanks for taking time to check us out!!
I think most people are not as excited as I am for all the holidays and lights and sparkles...CHEER UP, GRINCHES!
. Inquiring minds want to know - how exactly are we like a penitentiary?
Just went to Digital Art and Design and made a project even though I'm not in that class.
im jealous!
Happy mother's day to all the #WIUnion moms
I do taste good on nachos and on popcorn in powdered form
In wine, there's truth. The same goes for truth serum. And roofies. This has been an odd dinner party.
Wondering if I will still have a job after spins at for me tonight
Holiday Plate Deluxe w/maple seitan, roasted rainbow carrots, brussel sprouts, cippolini onions w/ fresh cranberry & balsamic reduction $15
that sucks!! Btw, I'm getting a tattoo in May. You must be there.lol :)
I'm working on it....
Never forget to daily dive into the trifecta of creativity: 1) Stay curious, 2) Explore what's around you and 3) make discoveries!
Success is sweet: the sweeter if long delayed and attained through manifold struggles and defeats. A. Branson Alcott
aw damn she on that
Recieved an email addressed to "Lisss Ah" yes, that is the phonetic sound of my name but wow. Mr. Professional you sure made me laugh!
late for the last day of school! woohoo :D.
its a huge problem lol
Show starts in an hour!!!!
Update: kat smo kills it You go girl
No mozarella (sp?) so I loaded the sauce with parmesan. How will this affect the outcome, I wonder...
nice round number ! RT : if the brewers go 20-8 in their final games they will win 100 games!!!
I had a intense practice from 3-8
wants to be a ball boy, smh, lmao. Really Metta?
She a Bobby Soxer.
Argo Teas is giving out Free Samples! Check it out and let them know what you think!
did u miss me?
good stuff bruh, i h8 reasons lol
Oh yeah! That rocks!
I've been saying that too. Glasses are required.
Can't wait for the premier of the Bachelorette tomorrow! I'm in Charlotte today & saw 's interview in today's paper! Love her!
That's the North Loop place? Is it teensy inside?
Today 1969: Father Groppi leads several thousand welfare rights supporters into the Assembly Chamber protesting cuts in living allowances
Men are like bank accounts. Without a lot of money they don't generate a lot of interest.
"Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom."-General George Patton
Wow, Blake Griffin ladies and gentlemen...
Text me when ever you want I promise to respond (210)2949751i use that # to talk to my followers:)*its not my personal #,but it's still my#*
New energy code is a win-win for environment and business.
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 31
Remember when you said you liked heavy rain? We got that here tonight. And tornadoes. D:
we should return to cobblestone streets and horse-drawn carriage. Imagine the nostalgic beauty.
Supreme Team killing it!
Making large CHECKS on Twitter is a snap...
love the name Roxie for a pooch!
is the best in the game. New album is sick!!!!
I expect pictures. (:
Is anyone else's #lanadelrey album delayed on Amazon?
RACK CITY BITCH RACK RACK CITY BITCH !
Was happy when they lost.
and drink lots of <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
yeah.. And do it bitch
shawty you a ten...minus 9 but you not the 1 for me
#bestbreakupexcuses I died
you're a good guard Nicholas, your queen would be proud.
hey yo, i miss you.
im not really sure what this is? but demi? just one question demi? where is that name from? it sure is differnet! in a good way!
Excellent. We'll work it out. BTW, where in the world are you?
yea if they make ladies like u in Toronto Im coming now!
I love Jane Cobb
February Special: FREE PICK-UPS! Call for details - 503-998-5357
happy to hear it :] What area you from?
yeah, girl! So proud of you & the band. Have so much fun playing SXSW!
RT ": I'm ballin like Lebron you know we shopping in Milan."
it's nice when corporate america walks by our sign, cause you know they can read "fuckyou!" hahahaha
what is the business?
Midnight. The highlight of my day.
Woke up this morning & my dream didn't come true. My apt didn't pack itself up...Looks like it'll be a mad dash before the movers come.
Great curriculum ideas from about students finding their way through libarts ed. Share narratives of experiences
Mermaidman & Barnacle Boy In The Flesh Gasp* . ( Spongebob )
Added the r9 from TaylorMade to our rental inventory. Reservation system is open but the sales page will not be ready until the weekend.
Please check out & follow our friend/model/actress/musician and star of our "Red Ink" music vid. Thanks!
" started following ConnorCorrupt" I don't know how many times I've gotten this in the past year haha.
Will be logged in skype for you ...
Does that mean you approve? ;)
doug collins on the bench like fuck yea xD
alien, why you bring me here?
Just popped ur CD in homie! This bitch is on point so far!! Hit me with the follow so I can share mine with ya. 1Luv
Anybody want a free 7" stack of Videographer magazines? Pick across from ACC Riverside? -H.Cherdon
But he's ALWAYS like that #takenote other #pitchers!
At the OAJC #pdxmayor candidates forum, a man told me I was a shining light in the race.
RT : “On the basic of food, heat and housing, we practice a don’t-ask, don’t-tell policy.”
#21CRadio Q5 Have you ever been in a situation where you wished you (or someone else) hadn't brought their mobile music device?
Thanks to all that came out to support our pancake breakfast / bake sale!
White rice, greens and salmon with ginger and green onion tonight. I might be from the west, but my body and mind like better far east food.
You don't understand I misunderstood
The best friendships STAY friendships. RT : the best relationships start off as friendships first.
I do think that benefit of the whole is greater than our privacy. Society is operating in a new way.
"You cannot be lonely if you like the person you’re alone with" - Dr. Wayne Dyer.
just gonna call me out on twitter. She's hanging with friends at Dave and Busters Saturday. That's what she decided. Lol.
Yours too...
Really surprised that Barry gave up the mount. He could have done some serious work from that position, but chose to go to side control.
OMG thank you!
Rays WON!!
I really want a gf though :/ lmao Any takers? Lmao
RIP to singing great Whitney Houston
. Retweet . Follow back ? Please !!
EMPTY!! WHERE MY HEART USED TO BE!!! Now I'm lookin in the mirror, I see, THIS MONNNSTERRRR THAT IS ME!!!!
Whats up #TeamKhleo?? It's been a while since I have been on here.
I take that back. Drinking this weekend. ;)
Setting context for Imagine K12... worlds critical challenges demand answers in ed, tech in schools has not shown full potential to date
Kristina it has NOTHING to do with me! I have moved on and Jaimee has too! I don't understand where this all is coming from??
Would love Zane Lamprey's life.
The white iphone or the black....
Actually, I'm colder than a penguin's pussy.
I got tired of drowning mf's... It got boring. But this fro shit gettin old to, so its back to what I know so well...
u better eat that cornbread lol
Netflix streaming. Go catch up. It's worth it.
Just noticed that we have a subject file in our stereoview collection for "Wax." Wondering if I should go see what's in it.
want to grab a slice today if you have time?
im god n u
I totally agree lol
We can play Journey at his house while enjoying the Flatness IPA.
how long will it be before u come to tin roof Steven said
my grandma dieed on 031509 u will b missed grandma <3
Oh, shucks!
What a day!!! Working on a couple projects for clients. Who's ready @ Transformers 3 Premier =)
are you okay?
We are working directly w/the datacenter to resolve this issue as quickly as possible & apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused
That was by far one of the scariest dreams ever.
"Truth is beautiful, without doubt; but so are lies." --Ralph Waldo Emerson <WOW>
The marathon grading of 39 exams in 24 hours begins. PJs? Check. Cookies? Check. Pandora? Check. What am I missing?
SMILE BIG!
Lookin Forward to hearing the new project!!!
He's beyond silly, he is. ;p
We try to provide the highest level of service while keeping prices competitive; we hope you consider using us in the future.
Wanna catch & this summer ? has tix at 730!
Keep your heart close to mine.We'll take one step at a time.......<3
608 was good...now taking Kar to #TollyHo for the first time!!
When my mom "K"s me
just finishing up school and pretty soon I have to go job hunting wish me luck!!
Yes ma'am! RT : Good mornin' ladies. Will I see you tonight at event?
Was asked to put together a proposal for an #innovative #snl type show for the #dtla artwalk... now to start brainstorming.
only question: can we work there?
Ouch, another truther exposing his tendency to believe fancy conspiracies over obvious facts.
lol vacation are never long enough
Supply shopping for tonight and painting our car for the Stagecoach Carpool Convoy!!!!
Thanks for the RT, sweetie!
New February flavors: Mango Sorbet, New Orleans Praline, Banana Pudding and Espresso. You *NEED* to try these, trust me.
Also: I peed a little.
will get back to you tomorrow
Re: movies.... I agree. RT : A story is what counts. Not the actors telling it?!:0)
All the children left to go trick or treating. Ah, silence in the library
I know 30 more days of school days!!!!!!!!!
Now comes the scramble to find a blue screen.
yes sir.
Couldn't agree more RT God I can watch Valverde get smoked all night long. Couldn't happen to a bigger douchebag.
Great meetings today...!
Good morning Monday! Good morning Minneapolis! Let's do this!
It's been fun New Orleans!!!!!
We've had a mild winter so far here in Columbus ... it's going to get bitter cold before you know it. Still time to get a furnace tune up!
- Want more Mark Steyn and what up with The Last Patriot author/sales? Curious to know. A GREAT relevent thriller, people.
RT People will actually care about you when you're dead.
I like the family pic :) and every show was good. lala full court life was good and basketball wives.
Never let stupid things get in the way of your happiness.
drink water backwards
Post Indian food coma...
haha no u just put it on the wart and it goes away! I'm serious haha it works
how'd you know? Ginger made an appearance ;) get ready sxsw!!! cc:
oh my lord... That is so going to happen...
hey Jon how r u tonight?
hah those fish tacos were orgasmic...lmao (x
is coming to Fairfax!! :D :D :D but... I cannot afford tickets :-((((
What are the best #coffices in #SF? I'll be writing from there all week.
NYT article used the "not your average librarian shushing people" to describe Ferriero. Most over-used cliche of all time.
hahaha!! Zimmerman going gangster? That's
did u get an iPad?!
If anyone knows, or is able to find, the original quote, I would be ever grateful
New Parks & Rec New Parks & Rec New Parks & Rec New Parks & Rec New Parks & Rec New Parks & Rec New Parks & Rec New Parks & Rec New Parks &
Hooray for Tom Corbett for signing into law that beer distributors can be open until 9PM. None of them are near me unfortunately though :(
RT : It would have been cool if he had slipped at least one more "the trump" joke into the speech :)
ahaha oh yes enjoy it :p
Nick likes long hard skinny things
human wall ASAP
I.S.D. Locksmith 619-335-7969 www.isdlocksmith.com 24/7 locally owned & operated 92109 Quality, Fast, and Honest locksmith
I'm alive bitches!
YOU NEED TO PICK ONE... NOT NEITHER OR BOTH
split keyrings50 Years Calendar Key Ring Chain Keyring Silver- split key rings
All # combinations of $5M lotto selected- a winner is out there! Hope he/she finds creative ways to #GIVE back to the community!
just getting it all out now so I'll be the perfect spring formal date on Friday ;)
They make money, a little for some of the towns where they're built and a lot for shareholders and investors.
Heading to Quality Social downtown for the Internet marketing party
i bet is never going to follow me. no matter how many tweets i send him
don't think they do, unfortunately. When you come to Chicago, consider it my treat.
"Nobody ever told you, you shine like a diamond, glitter like gold and you need to know what nobody ever told you" <3 :)
Thank you
u in the trap ?
oh well
We deliver! Area of delivery NW Expressway & Reno to north & south, Santa Fe to Villa east to west. Call 521-9800!
Can't believe it's over - Goodbye Wisteria Lane. Proud to have been a cast member and a fan!
Michael symon? Omg! I am sad to see him go..
I need to get on the bike, but I feel more like napping.
She's a kitten, but thinks she's English royalty ;-) What's new in your world?
Today is my Friday.
Ha ha! We thought we were gonna die on the way to Ciampino last summer. This man was insane!
Hey Nick, do you have Robert Palmer's "Blues & Trouble"? If not, have an xtra copy that I'd love to give you.
I hope you have a safe flight Roy!! Blessed Easter to you :-)
I might look calm, but in my head I've killed you three times.
Goodnight everyone. Wishing everyone has sweet dreams tonight.
What do Residence Renovation, earthquakes and 44 prizes that will rock yourworld have in common? Stay tuned to find out.
when you discover you're digging yourself a hole you can't get out of... quit digging.
RT : Happy Mother's Day to all the lovely mamma cats out there!
There is a facebook account that says its you talking to me right now. just wanted to know if its really you or not.
Goodluck c: google a way to get it off lol
Guy code is a funny show
College showcase today at Nazareth College...Finger Lakes Coaches Clinic yesterday = a full weekend of basketball
I see you following, then unfollowing, then refollowing again. How've you been? lol.
awesome! Hope to connect with you too!
I'd echo that praise! The Geis family from the Cap Girardeau store are FANTASTIC!
He went to Stadium, who cares...I'm going there Friday for some buffalo wings and bday cake *shrugs*. Not that serious...
Omg its rainninnggg AGAIN. What the frick happened to the austin droubt?!?!
Bob Hope used to say that but he said it was his wife that wouldn't move to a smaller house.
Wallace trade is nice for the future, but I keep hoping there's a secret deal to unload Felton. Or Camby. Or both.
oh shyt is on twitter better block yo ears
Thinking of and his family today. You are missed and loved, Anthony Cornacchia.
Nope. I would love to see real cross country train travel.
Good Morning Lord
I hope all is well with you my good sir
BREAKING: Maryland approves gay marriage bill...
Going Roller Skating In Gym! :D lol
impromptu family session today at Red Rock Canyon!
Beautiful evening for drive to Green Bay for State Convention. Looking forward to rallying around w/ fellow conservatives
Friend told me he had seen a Shopping Cart within #Pinterest. Can't find an app or anything. Anybody know what he might be talking about?
I love words I can type with one hand like "careers" & "regards"
I hate this league because it requires a Constitution and now Supreme Court
JU alums that grew up in the 90s: check out #90sareallthat on teen nick. Brings back memories!
It's actually kind of a nice place now. Just told the new owner your pyromania story
Pretty good,text me,aight?
You're barely there? -_-
RT Sweet mother I no go forget you for the suffer wey you suffer for me.
Watching the face of a child staring at a Christmas Tree is a moment of Wonder and Peace!
BEACH=beast
RT “People need 2 know what they SHOULD pay attention 2, not everything they COULD pay attention 2" (Chris Kaskie)
Not sure what "those types of sites" are, but we have dealt with this situation with all morning.
Drumroll please for Javier Fuentes from , one of our 2012 Addy judges. More on Javier here facebook.com/AAFMiami
text me bestie
Tell me about this level, what's included?
Y.O.L.O is how I'm feeling
watching LOTR Fellowship on blu ray for the first time. Looks amazing. Makes me wish the Hobbit was coming out this year instead of 2013.
Blessed beyond measure.
I was doing so good tho :/ lol but it's somehow still working
fuck u been at
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to seeing your creativity.
Get ahead of the game & consult w/ before the end of the year. Trust us you won’t regret it!
Some people don't seem to understand that the "practice of medicine" is not perfect. They believe it should be fool proof.
All fish in Marlins backstop tank already dead
BINGO RT : #buzzword alert: platform
but why is #Titanic3D in theaters again?
POLL QUESTION: what will you heshers do to ward off evil on this Friday the 13th?
I got a thang for British women I think it's the accent
Meek throws 8 straight balls and I'm not too upset about it.
Gracias! Thank you for the follow. Cheers!
Is RIM going to launch their Colt QNX this year? Their next phones had better be significant or they'll slide off the hill
virginia tried to become part of our everyDAY joke again....
Locked yourself out? Indianapolis Best Way Lock n Key Locksmiths provide an emergency service.
People say its hot outside.Then I think, if people can't take the heat outside, just imagine how hell is going to be. I don't want that heat
RT : #GOD You open all the doors... I will be your faithful servant.
ha he didn know that word till I said it
Follow me and I'll follow u back :)
Oh man, I wish I could talk to someone about this Mad Men episode. I don't want to spoil anything for those who haven't seen it yet.
Shoutout for Shoutout ? and sorry if you are following me and im not following you back! lemme know :)
If you live in Austin, TX and have a car that has bumper damage, dented, scuffed up or chipped, check out www.austinpaintguy.com.
i make myself laugh too hard....
let's do it! Except the hoopin' haha, I don't play and you'll most likely murk me.
I would agree it was a big defeat for firefighters but we didn't run Prop D.
Vikings draft NC State LB, Cal DE in 7th round - Sacramento Bee
I bet #Believe is gonna be an AMAZING album eeeks can't wait!! ;D RT?
"Tesla girls, Tesla girls, writing in their diaries. Now and then they'll watch TV. Now and then they'll speak to me."
OMG! It's getting on my nerves too! It's losing it's swagg' besides lilwaynes on twitter <3
Sad day for Tecmo legend MT : Deion Sanders cited for misdemeanor assault after Monday altercation with his estranged wife
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Austin Mahone, RT if you want to meet Austin.
Damn I don't even be on this G thang nomoe
I've always loved the idea of music as a cottage industry. And it's really possible these days. Gotta love it. :)
Great workshop. But where is the #recycling?
wer you at
These Beds R-HOT Titans Gym Cleveland has 6 beds waiting for YOU. 1st time with us tan for Free 216-574-2875
Start BECC tomorrow n feelin good bout it the thing bout the navy is that u are constantly moving forward. No time to look bacc.
i just realized i missed the oscarsss :(
So Daybreakers was a really swell film. I'm glad I had the chance to watch it. It's suprising more movies aren't like that now-a-days.
Guy:did it hurt? girl: did what hurt? guy:when you fell from heaven.
HEY www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
If you're over the age of 5 you shouldn't be sucking your thumb; if you're in your mid-20s then you've missed the boat of life.
thanks ur tight dude
I love you way to much to just let you go that easily <3
Stop in for a tour today, the sky's are blue :)
Here is your injury update Breen: his career is over dude.
i want love. i miss being in love
haha yeah. She does scream and talk a lot.
wow lol I got it Saturday morning.
this whole time I've been telling you about my man, you didn't tell me about your man, or should I call him your warrior?
Letters = the Zooniverse citizen science journal.
Champagne gone, #LegauxNoLa tag retired.. New trend : #BearcatsOnBourbon ... Again
Bono looks a lot like Corey Feldman on stage with Bruce and Patti Smith
I stand by my "wtf" reaction.
At applebees Thinkin bout skippin out on this bill better step it up
Surround your mistakes with love and forgiveness.
Kenneth & Connie White, Albert & Josephine Gregory. I am Honored I had time with you. And I miss you more than you will ever know!!
Is it time to polish up your look?? Sarah Bella Salon offering $34 Cut and Partial Highlight ($85 Value) at www.yourluckydeals.com
Really looking forward to crushing !
<---Don't take this stuff seriously - this experience is running a gauntlet.
I'm frm the hood of drug sales slabs cocked up choppa shooters where we don't let outsiders violate our block
heard it in Eastern Market too. Big loud booming plane noises not cool.
Alan Jackson Puts Tennessee Lake Home Up for Sale - Great American Country (blog)
Laugh at yourself first, before anyone else can. Elsa Maxwell
So sad!! A family had just moved too Washington and what happens? Someone steals everything in their house. I wish you the best guys !
If you really loved me you'd love my farts.
chicken nuggets and fries in the 80s.. yeah buddy
Oh sorry! I thought you meant have I met anyone. I didnt know you where talking about a band! Haha! I feel so stupid!
I wonder if anyone has ever been slapped in the face by a pickle. That's how I would solve a Tony argument.
someone like you is amazing!!
Lakers...really....damn
did you get signed?!?!
Whats for lunch? I know! Free Fastinos Sandwich! Score a Carne Adovada sandwich totally free when you mention the promo code: CA10
Assorted lozenges. Yum.
so good running into you last night! Tell beau happy birthday from me!
Nice work guys!
Yeah, its gonna be some time in September. I was hoping we could hang if I finally make it to the LA vicinity. lol
The ft nts should be included with any version of the article, if they aren't, check the IMH website
American Idol 2012 Top 5 Performance Recap: Finalists sing 60s and British songs (Video)
this is some of the worst watermelon i've ever eaten
Rooting for you tonight!
#poem Alate means having wings. No help to my writing career. I’m no angel. So for me: better never than alate.
go for it and right after well do stand up comedy together
I'm moving out next month
When your teeth hurt there is nothing better than a big bowl of icecream :)
Happy 1st Mothers Day to me :-)
Interesting read! thanks for posting
Love it! Will be sharing that in class today.
Oxy Mo: Genuine Fake
not totally looking forward to it. Forgot my socks too.
Whats up twitter
#Christie delivering reheated State of the State address. NJ making comeback from depths of 2009 because he cut spending, time for tax cut
The competitor to be feared is one who never bothers about you at all, but goes on making his own business better all the time. - Henry Ford
A Christmas Story!
Life goes on.
havent tweeted in awhile
Pan con Bistec!!! (Checked in at El Rey De Las Fritas)
It's Friday! Time to work : )
Should Terrence Jones enter draft or would he benefit from another yr in college?
Don’t give up just because things seem hard. Keep believing because your closer than you think to become everything you were created to be
Enjoying Mistborn very much. Thanks iyeronic!
Time to live a little!
back from a long hiatus.
How so? I get paid for 29 hours per week. I just worked a 50hr wk, had folks watch my kids, sacrificed sanity just 2 inform.
you were adopted
Make those fun size candy bars even MORE fun by cutting 'em in half and wrapping 'em in scotch tape!
Lets go people! Show the real king of comedy some love.
Knew each other 18 days before they got married!!! The mind boggles.
Most of 'em anyway... I'm currently away from the classroom though. Gotta write that book!
Europe cash coffee: Strong demand for spot contracts
2hours never felt so long im funna die
"Sometimes the only way to heal, is to first hurt deeply." - Sarah D. Henson
I'm only me when I'm with you
My lovely friend Kim would've been 32 yrs old today. Oh how I miss her vibrant energy & laughter. XO Kim!
Just got home guess Iam going to try to go to sleep cause my lil bro game in a few hours
tell me what do you see when you're looking at me the social responsiblity its killing me inside
According to psychology, there is no such thing as a photographic memory. I feel better knowing that they just remember info in patterns.
I need a house wife
Waste of time.... Fuckin liar!
Wearing sandals with a jacket on # go jump off a bridge
Will you be watching the CUBS or the WHITE SOX GAME tonight while eating our CURRY in the comfort of your home?
Mouth piece*
SO glad that #ForksOverKnives is finally coming to southeast VA (6/17)! Heard so many great things; can't wait to see it for myself.
So I got pulled over....He said My Window Tint is to dark.....Really?? I guess he had nothing better to do!
~follows~ ok i'll come
getting off in a sec
U have to wake up to seek the truth everything is not as it seems majority seem asleep while very few are awake follow me
"When kids volunteer it tells others they don't have to be perfect ... or even grown up to make a difference." - Kalynn Dobos, 7...
Want to grow more hair? www.scoresluda.com
Who should I listen to next
I am looking forward to seeing you guys in here.
Men&Women of The 99%.... Help small Business Owners&Unemployed Mothers by Supporting your Online Representative Shop Avon -
One thing I do love about the #Oscars...they always start on time!
wait i really dont wanna leave but actually have to but i really dont want to seriously but my mom wants the cpu so sorry:D
can u drop me off at the airport!? I promise I'll get on!
Home from work & all I feel like doing is hibernating. Thank you, fifty degree weather.
i got a fb,,im soo happy<U+E056>
RT : For those that have given up on the #Brewers after yesterday, remember last years team was 14-20 on May 8th...
Try the Roasted Chicken Sammy : whole wheat, chicken, provolone, roasted red pepper, artichoke, pesto mayo!
Scottsville Farmers Market is open TWO days a week. Thursdays: 3:30 to 7:30 PM and Saturdays: 8:30 AM to 12:30 PM. Always Fresh - The Best!
keep grinding and make the sharks a national power house
I heard u <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AD>'d out your fellow tweeterz just to get out!
“: Its new to you; to me, its old” true -2chains voice
#HighBloodPressure Cell Phones Don 't Raise Brain Cancer Risk in Kids Study : Cell Phones Don 't Raise Brain Cancer Risk in Kids
I Wonder if She Misses Me,
Check w from LA...
the interview obviously took place on April 1 - Fool's Day
Chris: Youtube cant play anything
Does this week seem like it's about a month long to anyone else?
Same food/people/ranch. That's what's important.
Ahh so excited #ChasingTheSun #TheWantedEP9Days Needs to come faster!!!!
I'm excited for next season! and I got season tix for dubs!
How ever you celebrate with your valentine, I hope there are lots of smiles involved!
i love my bucket. thank you!
because it's bacon. Pigs are my hero because they eat slop and make bacon. What other animal can do that?!
trying to stay up & watch the rest of this game, but sleep is coming down on me..smh
Let's go Pats!
Maybe NJ Sometime To Meet Them (: YAY! Excited!
thank you for mentioning my book on Twitter. You are an amazing women!
I'm right there with ya ;) QT : All the learner stories really get me, Im such a sap
How do we make data functional? Def a need for user needs assessments and ILS evaluations
This meal equiv line is cray
Thanks for the RT! I haven't received much traffic this week on the ol' blog, all sharing helps. =)
I love Revlon lipsticks &I C U do 2! I use #455 a lot. What #color is in the squared Revlon lipstick case? &pink&Orange 1s?
We some times set our eyes on the finish line, forgetting the past & straining towards the mark of spiritual maturity & fruitfulness~BAMM.
Crazy, wonder what it could be...
We're in the process of moving our office, so there may be slight delays w/ orders & message response 4 a few days. Thanks 4 your patience!
I want one of those relationships where people are like 'damn, they're still together?'
Looking for unique lighting fixtures? Our showrooms have a wide selection on display, so stop in today!
I hope we can fix this problem asap
The Other Guys (2010) Terry: Your farts aren't manly. Allen: Are you serious? Terry: They sound like a baby blowing out birthday candles.
Just listened to. #SAYSOMETHIN 3'times this Morning by the end of the day ima know that song !!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764><U+2764>
No caffeine was a really bad idea this morning..I'm officially sleep tweeting
5% of sales tonite at 1618 supports PPMD. Have a glass of wine 2nite for a good cause.
my hole birthday party was going on and I stood there crying literaly the hole time bec u would not say happy birthday to me
Travis Barker's leaked photos! I really expected his rock star penis to have tattoos.
2 for 1 EveryThing in full effect until 9
I see. I am made out of gluten though. Lol. I'm glad they figured out what was making you sick.
Some old people are driving vehicles right now and don't even know it
Do you use your RSS reader daily? weekly? ever? I love my Google Reader, but I'm a bit confused and curious.
Hope your Sunday was outstanding. Have a wonderful night.
how was your prom?
Best day of my life
linda las uñas!!..
this is literally the only reason i hang out with you
I need a new job. One that doesn't require hearing 80 gunshots/day. Missing out on normal er'day life.
This all seemed so much easier when I was 5 and dreamed of having a wonderful life. 17 now and my lifes
People remember how u treat them...
Great horn session today with Danny Pelfrey, Dave Becker, jim Kerber and my producer Mark Ross!
I do not like your "new look" too much change!!
I knew those "sexual battery" lawsuits against John Travolta were BULLSHIT. Losers trying to get PAID.
Surprise naps are the best kind.
hell yeah
I love this weekend already :D so happy
oh crap, lol sorry :/
Has NYT ever done a story on ? Would make for a great profile.
Ahh this lady needs to beat her up quick!
How will this year's signing bonuses affect next year's salary cap at #KU?
Can a girl get a cab?
His is We had a lot of fun too!! Thanks again. You guys are welcome over any time. Let's do this more often.
Manage me, I'm a mess.
If I'm your bestfriend, you wouldnt have acted this way. True friends aren't like that.
I kinda feel there should be no difference in a foul call no matter position on the field. If it's a foul, it's a foul.
Miami home opener this Sat @ Cocoa @ 7PM or Sunday Day vs Orl 5PM @ BigTree, S. Day Bch
To be all broken up and delirious.
nice work reporting on the most wanted fugitives!
Are you bringing your backpack tommorow?
Marble Slab site to host AT&T store instead of ice cream
#imagine Harry: i don't want you to go. you: i need to. Harry: but what if i never let you go ? you: then i'll lay in your arms forever
How about a $5 gift card for the closest price by 10:30AM this morning. Yes, you may ask questions.
Everyone tweeted me back & said it was really good.
haha got it
yeah true!:/
Loving the Rush of training Hard
Lit circles r great if not overused. Many Struggling Readers prefer nonfiction but r smothered in fiction daily
I would consider selling my soul to the devil to be done with finals and teleport home
In the studio until Tuesday. Can't wait for you to hear the new tunes!
should i get dropped off
what about the 20 games that will be blacked out?
Ditto. RT : Every year around this time, I'm reminded of the pain of being an atlanta hawks fan. sigh.
At The woman next to me ordered the sushi. That's like going to and ordering the chicken fingers!
Never give up. Go over, go under, go around or through. But never give up.
Someone just told me they think Liam is ugly. Bitch, you cray.
John Wooden, one of my idols!
I wish I didn't have a heart.
What up tweople!
BF made it as far as Vienna. Last leg, Vienna to Kurdistan(Erbil), 2morrow. Don't know if I should worry about his safety there.He says no.
thank you for writing back and make sure to wear sunblock the sun rays are especially strong right now
What's going on buddy? How's 7S treating you these days?
RT : RT Shorter Obama: I'm prepared to give Republicans everything they want...and still they say no
You are a stronger that can face challenges better because you are reinforced by being able to do the things you love.
today was pretty good, driving lesson later tonight, writing a disturbing story for my reading/writing workshop class its great
I'm sleepy as shit
I think I'll take a nap on my desk now.
good to have you home for a couple days. Hope to see you soon. Best of luck
Come out for lunch today in , 11am to 3pm!
and beer! Amtrak up? :)
RT "Colts say they will draft Andrew Luck. in related news, water is wet, and fire is hot." My sentiments exactly.
#Kool, just take care of yourself we'll later ok..
Happy Friday Everyone!
Daydream of things like lexus and beamer's.
Im ready for some more camps!!
Thanks for the #FF! Hope you have a great March weekend buddy!
So late everyone.
Are there many free or low-cost treatment centers there? I need recommendations please!
The response from the article has been great! Thanks for all the support!
Cravin' Juanito's. Trip there in a few weeks?
I feel like everytime I discover a song on the internet its always the first song I hear on the radio in my car
Happy Birthday Mrs. Coolness : )
Do it!
Peace of mind..
Thanks for responding. You can send a resume, brief cover letter and 2-3 clips to
Maybe my team will feel my support vibes in the #DMV and start playing #Tarheel basketball. We don't miss free throws!!!
Mee To Good luck with that.
Link out to authority sites reinforcing points in your content, says
what is in it rocks???
WSOD affects us all. Congrats on the launch!
Me too!
No Chance! The Rangers will sweep the rest of the way and win in 6.
RT if you're a girl who can appreciate Jazz Music. Guess what? I love you if you do <3 Lol
": ": #WilWheatonSausageFest really needs to be trending." #bigbangtheory" LOL watching right now!
Today I've watch the Mighty Ducks trilogy, the Wall, and now Team America: World Police…. What a strange selection of movies for one day
Please stop by and visit #ShelterHopePetShop! We showcase shelter animals for adoption at the Janss MarketPlace Mall!
But rock covers of rap shd be judged aesthetically. E.g. the Manic St Preachers' ver of "Umbrella" and Korn's ver of "Word Up" = awesome.
Should be fixed now. Give it a shot and let us know if it's all set or if I need to spend more time on it!
So glad that warm weather is picking up all over again, yesterday's wind was
the more ppl playing with my wii the merrier
Always great to catch up w/ great work of
Well luckily that was Dec 2011 state of the month. I think this month it'll be... any state but Florida. #%$%(^(%*@!!!
haha shut up
I am honored. Thx for the follow. As a bonus, following me reduces the chances of bad weather by 10%.
leprechauns too?
Was that the 21 gun salute behind the hounds?
Perfect night.
pitching now at #SocEntWknd to reduce cost of solar power in WA state. "together let's make WA a greener place"
what did you think
hahaha yeah he fucking did. Mrs. Vick asked her wth she was doing and made her stop! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
You look so good in blue.
Lubricating molecules
Fleet Foxes are no joke live.
he's talking to bush?
With all due respect, it is absolutely impossible to trade without losses at all. Something is not quite right with your robot.
is about to skidaddle from work. Question...have u ever had the feeling that things were about to seriously start going your way?
oh thank god thought i missed it.
That is so cool
Nothing is true. Everything is permitted.
Tried to patch leaky crack or floor joint one too many times and it just keeps leaking? Schedule a free inspection here:...
good morning
It's crazy that investors hear about #RIMM ceo/board issues & the #stock price goes up-This is a failing biz, are you gambling on a merger?
Thank you for following us back and for your support!
Danny looks like an anorexic child molester
Lakers vs thunder tonight.
Just witnessed someone rob someone w/ a pistol in broad daylight.!
Sunday football. 8-)
See you guys there! What day are you performing? “: Rehearsing getting ready for SXSW!”
I want some ice cream! <U+E33A><U+E33A>
Thank you!
Plan your own trip to the Caribbean at home with authentic easy recipes.
I'll support catholics being able to withhold funds for abortion/contraception when I can get a refund on all the taxes I've paid into wars.
Really a photoshoot right after i eat
How many flats can I deal with at once? Half of the family bikes currently need attention but I'm stuck at work with a flat tire.
Another beach day ruined by rain...
so i am like the most bored person on earth right now
good and you?
#schoolmemories dancing with at every school dance (:
At some point it becomes nice to just make the decisions and stop worrying about them.
I see your tweets and i want to make sure you are alright. If you need anything let me know. Praying for you and your fam.
"The spirit of revolution, the spirit of insurrection, is a spirit radically opposed to liberty"-Francois Guizot
OMG.... So I just heard a new Hannah Mahoney song... She says "It turns out, you're not Mr. Wonderful"...Trouble in paradise ?
have a great weekend
“: #survivor "It is what it is" - I hate that saying. Not sure why. It's just so passive. "It is what it is..."” AGREED!!!
#FF experts helping others improve
calling all WEDDING photogs, planners, caterers, bloggers, etc. wanna contribute to 944's feb. wedding issue? email me at
Thanks for stoppin by to say hi Sun, next time feel free to make yourself comfortable
Im down with N Y G yea you know me :-)
Thanksgiving is... <fill in the blank>?
#ItsAwkwardWhen you're laughing so hard that no noise comes out, so you just sit there clapping like a retarded seal.
Anyone tailgating with their Toyota at Miller Park?
every single person that I have dealt with today has been utterly incompetent, and I have only been awake for an hour.
In the form you reference I think CS it shouldn't even be named that. Its more like non profit volunteering.
do the mens heath abs diet. You'll definitely achieve that goal
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything
TGIF! Who is ready for the weekend?
I need to follow more Seattle directioners.
Anyone see Terra Nova on discovery last night? Interesting concept.
To love another person is to see the face of God. ~Les Miserables
“ On my this morning:)”
If drops Tell Me More and uses finances as an excuse they will not see a dime from us ever again.
I don't wanna go to school..
album comes out tommorrow #sostoked. I wish they would come tour in florida! :(
Making great progress on the literature review for my prospectus. It feels really good when the ideas flow.
Following you now :)
Everyday is Easter: And we are raised with Him, death is dead, Love has won, Christ has conquered [...] Christ is risen from the dead!
Now that schools done for the semester I'm already bored :/
After a week of vacationing and resting up...SST hits the stages again starting saturday...FINALLY!!!
With the exception of the architecture and few other things New York City is a shit hole in every sense of the word.
#MOH recipient Sal Giunta "I've been out since last June and I still am transitioning."
A Big Fish In A small pond
So that's what it sounds like when all of Miller Park laughs.
do you know Cory Miller
Wow I can't believe that Austin is going to be having a concert somewhere outside of US. Amazing how big that boy has gotten <3
okay well the offer stands for whenever! Once again we apologize, when your ready to come back..would love to have u!
"You play in dirt, you get dirty" - Jimmy McNulty.
check out for updates from #flashbelt 2009! Day 1 Bike ride, massive visuals on buildings, BEER. Can't wait for Day 2 :D
thank you! :)
The early bird gets the worm but also wants to fly into a window to end his misery
stay tuned...
(sits and stares at keys)
I havnt been there in a super long min. We got one in midtown too. You know this. Shit I want to shoot out to Florida.
": family over everythang!!!!!!"
I saw your beautiful wife in her final show of She was stunning. Shame more people won't get to see it.
I really wish people would stop using "heart" as a verb.
When I ROLL UP!!!!
Zakariya Salem Saad: The airplanes used in the barbaric bombing of protesters were MIG 23 which have rockets & heavy machine guns
Good afternoon twitter!!
Bye bye chicago, love the city but its just too cold ..... Going back to my beach house :D Miami
well thanks for the tip tho, i'm already used to weird machinations to get iphone FB app to load pix properly, so what the hey
It's amazing really, how a sequence of people being friendly and helpful can brighten one's attitude. Kudos universe.
I hate how i cant watch one direction video because i am from Toledo, Ohio that just sucks so i cant prove anyhing to my mom.
Blatant mistakes like "culty sack" when referencing a dead-end suburban neighborhood street are so hilarious!
He who sits on the throne said, "Behold, I am making all things new." -Revelation 2:15
good lord you're better than me.. You drove by yourself.??
#thingsisayatayankeesgame: "what happened?"
today my T.A. asked if we were done with the problem on the board so he could "rub it out!"
Trend 1: More research, more data; Trend 2: More interdisciplinary activity; Trend 3: Changes in Scholarly Comm. & Publishing models ...
“: The first sentence in your novel is so important. #querytip” Yes. And I will write it last.
Thanks! :D
Oh, hi there!
Such an interesting idea: placing tech interns with parl as a way of promoting internal expertise .... used in Croatia
I agree. Our challenges at SDUSD are so huge and so seemingly intractable I wish everyone was working with us.
Throwing everything she said to me back in her face. >
Asdfghjkl I'm SO excited for the new season of teen wolf ;D <3 <3
Thanks, looking forward to it. Been seeing them for years, always good to see some hometown guys make an impact.
WHERE DA BUD AT UGH !!! SCARED MONEY DNT MAKE NONE
completed his food and exercise diary for 02/22/2012 and was under his calorie goal
Pain as result of workout making it hard to type column about workout. Where are my wristguards when I need them?
So sore I need bed lol !!
Congrats Patriots now I hope the giants get beat bad I hate the giants
Samee.NEEDS to follow me.
The Awakening Arab Market seeks greater voice in global business. Transforming governments and the workforce in the process.
Hussey = Smooth Operator
dam when??
Darkness my new fragrance will be the best yet of Jake Drew.......!!!
Paul White speaking to us via Skype about the 5 Languages of Appreciation in the Workplace.
of course! Keep your eyes open for my recap out tomorrow afternoon!
gotta agree w that :) Thank you !
come to my stand up comedy show, i know you like entertainment. lol
you need to do a live broadcast on NFL network with a #ballsoharduniversity background
Feather extension time. $2.00 each.
NEW FRESH DANK IN, GOING FAST: AK-47! Super potent Indica for only $12/G or $30/8th! Enjoy ;)
Looking forward to heading over to #bizexpo to present #sm4sg with and
Fork is in the cheese
Wait.. didn't I see that in a Portlandia episode?!
Trying to decide what make of all this right now...
O M G this weather is ridiculous
ow! sorry, tx! at least you still have cows. AND you were in the WS. lots of teams would love to try that on. congrats, stl.
Tonight J.Kap hits the stage at Graveyard Tavern in the basement along side the RiTE Family circus! Show starts at 10pm. Be there!
We takin dum ass jump shots
I get what ur saying
follow me sweety
The New Mexico Small Business Development Center offers sub-contracting seminar 9 am-12 March 6 at Clovis-Curry County Chamber of Commerce
Hey now!
MY MESSAGES NEVER GO THROUGH FROM MY PHONE SO I CANT VOTE -_____--
oh right. see, i am lottery dumb. should've paid more attention in stat.
If you are a teacher, take your own advice. it's amazing! #AlwaysKeepLearning! #MakingMoves!
#IfIwasPresident would be in my pants. and everybody would be tan.
Yeah, and what about prairie dogs? Sure they're vermin crawling with disease, but they're cute!
RT : Anywho.. On another note, I love all y'all..--- lol stories about fb status with u
Heck yeah I will! Just tell me when you guys are heading out on tour! Did Matt tell you that we're moving to LA? :O
We know not where our dreams will take us, but we can probably see quite clearly where we'll go without them
How can talkin to one person bring your whole world down? Geesh, I'm glad I left you alone.
so what happened to kramer? poof-he's gone, ? and the law suits?
and yes, we know we tweeted TGIF on Friday. We're not proud of it.
I'm happy cuz I can almost scream victory;)
Discuss FREE College credit for HS students TONIGHT at 6:30pm in the Jefferson HS cafeteria w/SEI and
Yip. RT : Boom RT : I believe, Jermichael, "the quarterback"'s name is Aaron. Might want to use that.
It is like a sauna at the reference desk right now.
Can't wait to see u there either Thomas!!! ^.^
Good meet up w/editor & visual effects artist; looks like editor's cut 2b completed ahead of sched w/in nxt 10-days! Post movin at good pace
Hurricane Irene get anyone? in new Hampshire our power went out. It just came back on :) -izzy
a family who lives in TN needs your help desperately. Their gay son died and the school knew about his plans. Who will take action?
The "Day Man" song from #ItsAlwaysSunny might legitimately be one of my favorite songs ever.
alive and kicking, and looking dapper, too
We need to do our thing together soon buddie.
thanks for following! mercury in summer is awesome! :D have a great day, itd be awesome if you also checked out ! <3
i never use my Twitter.. Gotta Tweet more! Follow me
3 days until a mini vacation. Hope they go fast.
Thanks! School is great - nearly done, actually! How is your work? Still in MI?
Looking forward to todays shoots and Spokane Chiefs game!
Ha ha ha! I thought as much! Have a great Friday night!
That was actually me...RT : Got to high five one of 'em. Made my hand sparkle. Ew.
Tell her says hi and how will Terrible Beauty survive with her out of town?
Had my wisdom teeth removed this morning. Went well- if anyone needs me this weekend, I will be on my couch. (trying not to shop online)
Pets Rocking in Manhattan - All Pet News (blog)
"A true conservationist is a man who knows that the world is not given by his fathers, but borrowed from his children." - John James Audubon
Had to search Twitter to find prep score because Channel3000 is not iPhone viewable. Pretty pathetic.
Chest workout followed by cardio. then home for a Yummy protein shake and some oatmeal!!!
I should have been a copyeditor. There has been an increase in "Ms. Pryde, would you read my paper" queries this week. More than usual.
no plan b for that...
you won't be able to move by friday. haha
We're playing at Backstage Lounge 1315 S Main St Gainesville, FL on Saturday April 2. Show starts at 9pm. Tickets $8
GOD is always looking to promote you.
i work here lol
What's good to make for a potluck?
kinda sad we use the term suicide with a 18/19 year old
when I say no it means no.
I'm looking for examples of patient-centered blogs run by locally-oriented health care organizations. Any ideas?
I'll ask you the same thing when I get my 2 seater ride at Indy!
you know you give absolutely 0 fucks when you do a photoshoot ina kilt with a straight ass face the whole time
OH. But yes, actually all of the things would be inadvisable, so you're quite right.
God Bless him for his service.
Keep free from the love of money and be content with what you have, because God has said,"Never will I leave you;never will I forsake you."
Starting this week with Steely Dan's "Kid Charlemagne"
KOTCHMAN WITH A TOWERING DRIVE TO DEEP RIGHT FIELD, AND OUT OF HERE! 4-1 TRIBE! LETS GO!
"When you face your fear, most of the time you will discover that it was not really such a big threat after all."
go jog around the block :)
As in food brought from multiple restaurants? RT : we should have a food related Tweetup
i knew you'd like it!<3
It almost seems like the Blazers couldn't handle not having the "everyone's injured" excuse to fall back on this season.
Is heartbroken and emo
Indie film lovers check out
I sure do! Actually I don't know what his hair looks like because he was wearing a hipster hat.
MARC 517 just struck a person and is stopped on tracks.
..it hurts that bad!!
The person who gets the farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. The #sure-thing boat never gets far from shore.
Wondering about writing coaches & webinars. If they could make more $$$ writing books or movies or limmericks, wouldn't they be doing that?
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
Booty Daddy Mikey Stix
Yup, I agree - but most companies don't, and that's a shame.
Maybe the Mayans just ran out of space when they made their calendar.
OH (at the office) "Gretchen kind of looks like she's 10."
its even harder to picture that you're not here next to me
Goodnight everyone. Remember #GNF!
Everett Animal Shelter looking 4 canned pet food donations Kirkland, Science Diet, Aims & Nature's Recipe Rbest
#Feng Shui Tip: Receiving is just as important as giving! Keep the flow!
PickUpLine: Hey baby, I'll screw you so hard the neighbors will be having a cigarette when we're done.
Females love It when you surprise them .
#Venezuelans & people all over #LatinAmerica have no rights because of evil tyrants like Hugo &
that, and I had a run in with a fortune teller that made me wholeheartedly believe that smthing will happen to me when I hit 42.
can't wait to see you on Thursday @ SXSW I wanna take a pic with you....
knock knock?
It's definitely possible that BOS is on decline & CLE is a bat away but i'd like to see how CLE wud do in AL East.
nicely done! see you didn't need my help at all! ;)
VERY under-prepared. I am keeping in mind that courage is not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it.
youre tall. :o and you play basketball haha thats great.(:
My cmte worked hard--and it showed! SO PROUD!
Jim, you can also use "all y'all"!
If you don't quit, and don't cheat, and don't run home when trouble arrives, you can only win. -Shelley Long
I wish would update their box app. Damn this thing sucks.
Man be saying the realist shit
Amazing day. Looking forward 2 conference tomorrow. So much good info as a support group leader and as a mom!
yea, that was a freak accident.
we just walked out lol
#BBN show some love! Hopefully we can add him to the class.
My favorite European team is actually in Russia. Big ups to Samuel Eto'o for putting Anzhi in championship group.
S/O to for being my bro lately
Great Q from : What does a good visitor experience look like on web/social/on-site? Do we know?
Indeed, thanks to the and everyone else
I want to wish a very happy bday to the one and only I love him so much!! <3
assistant coach Buck Williams not extended. Contract expires end of june.
I BLAST atilla in the parking lot waiting for my mom. People are freaking out loolololol
I'm flattered to be in such good company. And that guy is cool
Would you say that your online identity as "Scandy" toed the line of porn? So many men seemed so quick 2 consume you.
Anyone that gets a fever from a pussy really shouldn't be blasting his suck hole about anything presidential...let alone assassination.
Life before electronic communication.
nothing much just staying out of the snow and ice lol
Welcoming our newest members Joan and KFaehling
Sean Hiller needs to stop telling girls he likes that they're not pretty.
Good morning #thankgod for another one
Huntsman: Believes everything should be up for budget cuts, including Dept. of Defense
but thanks :)
Want a tattoo today? John has appointment time from 4-8pm and Gustavo has time from 5-9pm! Come on down or give us a call !
Alright, I rarely do this, but I just walked past a group whose fashion and attitudes merit the reaction: Man, fuckin' hipsters.
“: major workout day !! training with , cardio then pilates ?!? #getit”. Can't wait!
it says i'm following you
GOD is SO good!
Talent Agent Needed...
We all Know Selena goes everywhere with Justin lol it's not obvious
oh I could go on d man. Paisley is amazing. He is like a version of Kirk Hammett and Stevie ray Vaughn. Has rhythm and speed
hit me up
consider the chip bags emptied
so you're a laker fan too
RT : He's Phony, She's Fake!
well im at home rite now lol i go to L'Anse Creuse high
The best tweets are always 4 characters too long...I can cut 3 characters by adding grammatical errors, but 4
Gah damn, just saw project x... Makes me wanna go to a party.
Mica favors some TE activities but "time 2 get away from mandates" Rahall "tired of this program being used as whipping boy"
Grey's yes. But it seems that after LOST, killing popular characters became vogue. Oh I miss the time of red shirts.
My mom loves flowers.
trudging through the mountain of work that's been piling up since last week
New laptop.
Just read that Facebook is going to start launching Timeline for fan pages this month! What do you think?
You lookin to build some muscle man? Tmw voice
Same with me. Lol just laying here -_-
okay, maybe i'll make a secret new twitter name RestlessLegSyndrome? for the night
What's the goddamned aural difference between "ha-ha" and "ha-hah" in Stoppard's #Arcadia?
Will do!
Look for the announcement of Celeste Kellogg's official Fan Club being announced early 2011...
I wanna visit!
I'm talking about infrastructure in general - ex: fiber installed when w new streets in a major project. I agree access not univ.
I hope I get my computer back from the tech who is fixing it (my cousin, lol). I sure miss twittering more often!
#BlueRock welcomes the #RedCross and their production company to our great #soundstage!
use the entrance on S. Frederick. No crowd.
Plane ticket = $300, snacks at airport = $10, having amazing kids get really excited to see me and give me hugs = priceless!
I'd think closer to 10. 5 seems like a steal. Kind of? with his temper, though..
m not so bad (=
Really excited to hear the work puts into the studio this week.
I hate being at home all day!
ROB YOUR SONG IS THE SHXT!
": Michael Eric Dyson teaches a class at Georgetown about Jay-Z." Now that's cool.
Hahaha whatever your heart desires(:
Many intriguing panels @ #NCPH2012, particularly: Whose Civil RIghts Stories on the Web + State of the field: The Long Civil Rights Movement
Lost my school id. Crap.
Who do people in the love the most in BTR? Mine would of course be the only one! KENDALL
Next Gladiators Cage Fighting show in Milwaukee is Sat, May 16th inside the Milwaukee Harley-Davidson dealership on Hwy 100 & Silver Spring
Hey #HCG 'Losers'! How was your #weightloss this weekend?
Earning money feels good but giving it away to my family for the bills feels even better
Is it weird that when I walk into a bank I think of ways to robb it.. And strategize a plan step by step?
Yes, thats right, I am a heartless bitch.
did you get a hard case for the akai apc40? I need to get one
Hello, my friend. Yes, it is!
hahaha right . ! (: well G2G Loser Bye * Gasp a dinosaur "\('o')/"
The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.
Mary j got off in that commercial.
Keep the faith. You'll come back stronger.
I HATE having allergies.
change your mind yet sign me interscope records payola 2012
Advocate through FB - create a group page (ie Save SC libraries)
RT : I hope Crucifictorious is on the Battleship soundtrack.
- #nice That's when SNL was good.
huh?? is there a different R.Kelly? lol RT : I wanna do a song with R Kelly.
Got passes from hispanic website. Mgmt says definitely here.
lol I do you bold with that name but what's up
I think, should Redman do well, there's a good chance they cut Mendenhall loose.
The boat sank. We know.
today we're going to see Annie with our friends!
"In all things be a master of what you do and say and think. Be free."
yes at an Arbys in Manhattan. Where your $8 roast beef becomes a $38 sandwich.
"Jenna Marbles! Gettin' people pregnant!"
Submission deadline for SMILE, HON, YOU'RE IN BALTIMORE! No. 13 is Friday, August 13, 2010. Send queries to wptATeightstonepressDOTcom!
nice. Good looking
If he had pitched a fit on the bench or after game, it'd be different. He was just answering questions. No harm, no foul.
Don't let the snow stop you from visiting Hundred Acres Manor Haunted House!! Only two nights left!
I hope those include fewer than 1 million bots :)
Little Weapons is on Text! We love it and it's been a fun and efficient way to text each other and get business done!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you randomly get horny while driving the car =/
I think you're referencing the truck from World of Jenks. It was a Jeep Commander :-)
Good luck finding the fuck that I should give about you.
: Hit me up the day of... would love to see you Friday too!
That girl was so hot dude <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
So just saw THE HELP- loved it but realized that I'm totally over paying my maid.
April 14th, Guthrie Oklahoma, lazy E arena! Help us raise awareness and put a stop to childhood obesity. RT if want to make a difference.
I'm sensing a 98 yard TD coming up...
All I want to do is High Fashion #Modeling, get some free designer labels wear my own #jewelryline and get some celeb jewelry clients...
I'm going to take Barbara Walters advice to ElizabethHasselback to heart: "The show must go on."
My mom came home with a 1D magazine and chocolate for me... I love you So much :')
No! Thanks for pointing it out to me.
still workin out the kinks, I reckon...
Awesome, thanks -- we'll check 'em out. Got any more old 4-H friends up your sleeve?
yo it be Jose..
if the power went out I couldn't see the TV anyway... lol. If internet goes out... I'll tether my phone :-)
Blah.....fuck this I just wanna have fun.. ._.
Could not wake up this morning. So tired.
Went to a new barber today. They did that thing where they wrapped my face in a hot towel. Kinda freaked me out.
SIT THE FUCK DOWN WOULD YA PLEASE...
No matter how love sick a woman is, she shouldn't take the first pill that comes along.~ Joyce Brothers
God, if I can’t have what I want, let me want what I have.
Going to see cabin in the woods. Scan of the theatre doesn't show whedonheads.
Who let the dogs out?
I tried to reply to you privately - but it is not working. I promise that I do not have any anger in my heart. We want peace but.
If you're in L.A. and tryna get tatt'd tomorrow hmu! Special Deals tomorrow!
And u knows funny? He will get this message. He will just keep sending money like that's going to be alright. Fuck money.
I am drenched from the rain. My good deed of the week is finished, so I'm back... at work. It's an exciting life I lead.
Still thinking about 'Time Stands Still' -- heart-wrenching, provocative & brilliantly performed. Go see it!
28 minute flight to Grand Rapids, MI.
I can't believe all the similarities were there. I was there for gm 5 in 2007, one of the best moments of my life
UPDATE: Livingston Co. sheriff deputies confirm 1 dead, 3 injured in Livonia crash.
Sunday Funday @ Sache!!!!!!! Walk in wearing your shades (even if you're not hung over:) and get an extra 10% off of everything!!!
Amazing rehearsal last night with new singer Whitney Coleman. Crawfish Boil all day #cinqodemayo 18th & Church
Sender and receiver mutually evolve a code that enables communication, but that negotiation only has bits to work with
The Oracle/Hurd memo from Big Larry to employees: Dear Colleagues, bla bla, leadership, bla bla, culture... integrity, bla bla, stock price!
Who are your Ru-ting for?
Welcome back, #Drexel students! Hoping you had a restful break and that 2012 is off to a great start!
Long Tail Keywords - People are searching for a specific item, variations are endless.
Is there a better nut than an almond ?
i hate you :hmm:
the lip thing I hate
"Superstar! xo!"
Watching skins Season 3 and 4 - yes! :)
Oh yeah, why would the Steelers even entertain a trade for Rothlisberger, for a top-10 pick? Thats stupid
If you don't apologize by tomorrow we are no longer friends
“: #lovetherunyourwith5k, unimpressed w event pageantry and race gifts $40 got me” did u at least get a shirt??
I truly hope the #Colts take Upshaw so the #Ravens can't. Red Flags Reg Flags...
lmfaoo hell yea
My mom just bought tickets to see Wiz Khalifa. For herself. Mom.........
whoop sick buddiess
Anybody have any dealings with WebCore?
Listening to YellaWolf
Brutal turnover
Up here @ 254 ink across from west end mall ...we getting it N ...20% off tats
Can we just dump Simone in the ocean like we did the tea and break away from his nonsense
I was gonna DM you a number but you aren't following me
#NABJ The end of Unity Journalists of Color is more than unfortunate. It represents a disturbing trend in U S newsrooms. They're lost!
I often say, just because I don't say doesn't mean I don't know. I should say, the less I say the Less I care.
Booked a part in the award winning web series "the adventures of super7even"!
God bless you Today is also the anniversary of my grandfather's passing. May (y)our day be
For the Love of music
yes, it's not fun what's up?
~ Throwing XOXO your way sweetness. Thamls for the ReTweetable Mentions! So delicious.. ha
were all taught to do it with the slip of one hand.
There has to be some kind of study that looks at why humans enjoy farm simulation games so much, even in 2012. (I want Harvest Moon, plz.)
oh man, great idea I'm about to turn it on! The perfect jams to get you through a tough day! PS. we have a lot to catch up on!
Haters gotta hate
It's what u make of it not what u think of ot
so who is going to take the risk and draft megatron in fantasy this year??
Im fuccin' ready for #DIRTYIIIRDS again this saturday. This nigga 'guarantees' turnt up parties! period.
. Thanks for loving my dad's poem. I will eventually publish the rest of them. Some are deeply moving! Good luck with your book.
Hello if your costumers need airport transportation send them my way I will return the favor with my costumers
Do not have, can I find them online? <3
Bright side? Now we'll have a quick and easy shortcut to making Moscow Mules without having to leave campus.
not cos of the sun., cos people are watching me<U+E059>
When you're cleaning you come across stuff and wonder "Why did I hang on to this?!"
#NP Called Out In The Dark - Snow Patrol
Thanks Starbucks for making a good frapp today... We won't talk about the last 100.
I've been listening to Sleeping With Sirens, Pierce The Veil & Circa Survive all day.
Rheumy has me starting on Humira along with my Plaquenil starting next week. I'm a bit uneasy about it, but I hope it gives me some relief.
gives me an excuse to break out the Counsell shirt!!
Wow! That Rizzo is awesome. The Padres should call him up because those Tucson numbers will certainly translate well at Petco!
Stay positive, everything works out.
G4rrrrrrrrrrrrr twitter... let my tweet go thru!
About to play you another cut from new album called #MakeBelieve on Cant wait to dig in to this-
wait my brother just put on a random episode of Seinfeld and its the underground shower head episode...
Special talent? Supporting a cause?want to be on radio? Tell us about it for a chance to be on Saturday's Variety Show. !!!
Reminded today what a privilege it is to treat children. nearly overwhelmed by how awesome & precious they are.
cuter than ;)
ughh my friend does that all the time!
"...You may dig winter time but, Spring is my Joy! (Joy Spring)
On my way to Vegas, might go see :)
Dreading my trip to the DMV tomorrow morning. :(
Jus got 2 harlem. Feeling better already. (:
plzzzzzzz follow me it my new years wish
A few of our favorite local DJs are spinning vinyl tomorrow at Come dance for No Richmond! Sat. 10:30pm.
What do you think about our new cover photo and profile picture?
'I'm just a regular 16 year old kid. I make good grilled cheese and I like girls' -Justin Bieber. ;)
You cheated on me with choreography
I am so glad I will see both of you in one week! It has been way too long.
#EBUS118 I am trying, but am finding myself super boring.
I can do that but I cant do that?
Biggest Fantasy Baseball Stars of the Week: Fan’s Take
i'm a Ferrer fan in the Austalian Open. it's endurance and heart against Murray's natural talents
Hey nephew I lost my name and password how do I get it back
"The fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance."~Galatians 5:22-23
almost had this game! Them boys played their <3 out
That may be the true. I think Ajax is less of an injury risk too. 20th rd pick, I don't think you can fuck up too badly.
": Glad the "home race" is in the books, recommencing training sequence and wagon riding." Fit and x rated.
well that's good he seems polite. :)
Today is Wm Shakespeare's birthday! #448. Would he have a publishing contract in today's world, self-publish or write Broadway to film?
"Your work is to dicover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it ."
RT PPC Aruba & WPT Boot Camp Battle less than 2 months away! See you in Aruba !
Edmonds family beat Plymouth rock pilgrims to America by 1 year #'merica
Good Morning Everyone :)
My shiny teeth and me
I think that makes the GOP presidential field NFL Europe. RT Lawrence O'Donnell compares #sotu to an all star game. Which is apt.
Reading a good book by , called Twitter Power. Very helpful.
i burnt myself..
If you're a woman #entrepreneur (or staunch supporter of one) and want to share ideas with a brilliant, like-minded group of women, I invit…
I think half of LA was scared of that crazy wind lastnight... 6:30am now and still kinda windy :-/
So, its official! The girl group is coming soon ! Sassy Swagg 3 ayee, ! Y'all ready??
: About to watch Game 5 of the series! Lets close it up & move on to the Heat!
I may just log into my daughter's console. I'm at work so I can't do it immediately.
Kate upton doin the cat daddy is easily top 5 sexiest things ive ever seen hands down no doubt about it <U+E106>
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
Go Elena! Rock the world & keep making this planet a #SafeWorld4Women!
#youwerecooluntil you started wearing skinny jeans and leotards
Whisker Wars, pizza, & needlecraft with Yes on all 3 counts.
linnnnnnnds big hug girl! hope SF rocks!! my gf and I broke up in the fall but her friends are all still very cool!! ;) haha!
thanks for getting us to 800 folks! shooting for 1000 now!
finally!! its my Birthday, about to have a BLLLASSSSTTT tonight!!
don't know where I'm going but glad you're following.
I am a husband, father & entrepreneur who has become more and more interested in online marketing, blogging & social media
welcome!! I like LOVE it! And other #Imagines u did!
So the old lady behind me in the flight to Austin threw her nasty used tissue on my shoulder then it processed to roll into my lap!
wanna cum out
Like analyzing a fugue, sonata, or motet has never caused anybody any pain. :) They're harmless little numbers.
right back at you! Should be a great chat!
RT Great cause! Thank you for supporting so many great local orgs. >> Amen to that . And, Thanks!!
RT : I want to rephrase, the police said 'the people do not have the right to assemble.'
SAVE THE DATE: September 10, 2011, Yards Park, 4-10pm - BEER & BBQ - TICKETS COMING SOON!
Philip Seymour Hoffman :) RT Spill it! Who? RT Oscar winners do ride the subway.
At the HEAT GAME with my brother (Jason Garte) thanks papa!
To the one person that reads my tweets..goodnight
Hahaha now the real question is how many of those thousand are spam bots...
Ship building company in Singapore is looking for a General Manager with good neg skill for tender preparation, project coor. send CV to me
RT Remember to stop, look and listen today. God wants to encourage your heart.
Wonderful! It's so important to support our local farmers and community. Thank you for the reminder!
Dear security guard, just because I'm a teenager doesn't mean I'm up to no good. So please stop walking by and staring at me.
a nice little evening for some footy
Turns out I actually underestimated the value of Empire Strikes Back for explaining some of Nietzsche's concepts in the Genealogy...
MA has now replaced Rhode Island as the most Catholic state in the country
oh man, my hearts been particularly ugly lately and yet the gifts don't stop coming. Spoiled child.
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps. - Confucius
There are 2, upstream & downstream, on exhaust pipe. Call if you can't figure it out 242-9778
burns are the worst
Personally it was wonderful. Politically it was a bit rough. :-)
26 August 2010 is Women's Equality Day: how will you observe it? www.FemaleEqualityMatters.com
I can't deal wit my moms and her friends lol
is WM going to be able to file an appeal of sorts in the near future?
First, dieting mice are almost always MORE ACTIVE than non-dieting mice
Wonderful! I'll be going back for a Ph.D. in Modern Literature and Culture!
got an email from twitter "twitter misses you"...what the?!
Jus followed everyone bck that has followed me this week... Love, so s/o to you all
Lolol what is homework? Not gonna do any of it, whatevaaaaaaa
Yeah ...... But I only live 5 hours away from him so ...... I hope I get to meet him before he gets to famous!
I Wanna see My Brother Benji tho(:
I know, right? I'm thinking a sequel?
so i have like no ride to school in the AM!
a great point.
Women dress alike all over the world they dress to be annoying to other women..
Onwards and upwards!
your friends are the best!!
The Pirates were really rolling along there at the start of the season. What happened? I hope they can turn things around.
no idea what you and are talking about. I haven't tweeted in over a month
Nordstrom just wrote to inform me that w/out this bamboo clutch and and maxi dress THERE WON'T BE ANY SUMMER.
This nigga on tv ttu he really trying to sale these coins!!
Testing a Google+ to (Facebook AND Twitter) cross-post. Using brackets because I'm a librarian.
lovely. Yes, let's skype around 8/9ish tonight because you know... my fav. show comes on at 10 (; looves you. XoXo
Y should he ? His loyalties r 2 his benefactors,not 2 his country. Re: #Haqqani says that he is not prepared to give #BB data...
ALways looking for the next gadget PCTEL Declares Regular Quarterly Dividend BLOOMINGDALE, Ill.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--PCTEL, Inc. (NASDAQ:PCT
What's the latest on UTC reno time line? MT Do you know of when parts of UTC remod's will be completed?
red skull
i did and man wow he is a beast well i forgot that fast if its a man or lady well oh well ur awesome
Skeeter had already mauled a stuffed duck toy.
Sexually frustrated
Call into work or not
That awkward moment when walks into your house...
thanks for the info. i haven't been in the den stuff yet this year either and this is a good nudge for me. luv the rock star list
watching on w/coverage of #Tornado & #VincentTang. Incredible what they went through, our hearts go out to everyone!
Females want a nigga wit a job but if I sell drugs ill still get her huh
$10 RAW DEAL, plus new summer cocktails to push these clouds away
The fact that I am in Maine makes this rumor seem more legitimate - Nor'easter on Christmas day. Hmm...
In the lounge at the Showbox sodo, they stopped taking food orders. Too many at once. I think that's a record for them!
alright. i believe you.
It's great that I'm a plus in ur life but if u're always a minus how can we ever get ahead?
sorry...I think my A game is already in Florida for the week.
Effective networking tip 51: Forge and strengthen key business alliances, including your referral network, with your business networking
the irish chieftains
no I didnt call u a bitch so what are u saying
Tired-.- off to bed
Yes, and a smile on the face of a non-threatening black man in said video :D
Enjoy the exhibits! If you're looking for art, you've come to the right place. :)
yes! The girls are always wearing stuff straight out of Styles.
Family jog? Possibly the easiest way to learn how outta shape you are!
RT : "You can either accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them." Denis Waitley
Headache from hell
Hello hunters :)))
a threat to herself and her children, she would have Eric locked away at the very least. Too strong. Eric if he is pushed would have harmed
s favorite horse" I'll have another" just won the derby
No. It should have been higher to begin with. $100. There is no "choice" between speeding & driving responsibly.
Awe thanks (:
Hey Chris! I saw 's Community Manager job listing & came right to Twitter. Is there a better contact to reach you?
If she actually wants to watch the NBA Playoffs
going to be a late night, pushing through to release an update to Weather Genie
ive replied have you not gotten them?
All programs are different to fit their libraries :) I sent you some links via email about our programs.
Seems you're the expert! Impressed :) RT : haha Im always willing to help and give suggestions!
gahh interview tomorrow :o
We had a great conversation with from today about building a user base. Recommend any entrepreneurs check out his blog.
What kind of person who works at the Art Institute do you need?
Info Regarding Running Attire for Women
why didn't you invite me?? Hahah
today i will now find cody new shoes !!:D
Happy Monday everybody. Wanna read about my weird dream? It's not weird in a strange way b/c it could really happen.
I just lost 2 followers..
(Whiny voice) I'm tired...I'm tired. I'm hot...I'm hungry...gimme tacos, now...pollo!
seems like you have a great life
Study hall((:
"Mr. Crick, you got my weave wet!"
very impressive!
I had Comfy Cow for the first time this evening, it was heavenly.
Knots do need a little def.help. I will also go out on a limb and say Pierce will need to score at least 9 to win
Holiday worthy: Gilt Taste. Ruth Reichl's roasted chicken, spiced kale, dried chili pepper flakes, Parmesan with anchovies,onions, garlic.
Actors should license out full 3D body scans so we can enjoy new movies from when they were in their prime.
does not approve...
San Diego, California Weather :: 61F FOG/MIST: 61F FOG/MIST
The Ravine is ok, but should have found a better place to woo voters with
jesus, what is wrong with this world? i guess i'm going to have to run for president. ONE DAY gay marriage will be legal everywhere.
when and where is the fantasy football draft party going to be?
Another shoot rocked!
We are featuring $3 Loopy Bombs and $5 Lemon Drop Martinis, get yours tonight!
Ay if y'all wanna come down lets do it! I was referring to gettin alot of ppl but shit we can still kik it
So I'm listening to the radio. Lily Allen YES...but then the song gets hijacked by some autotuned pirate. What happened... Stop stealing ;)
Today we received in the mail: Dawes tickets, Kennedy Center theatre tickets, and Keane tickets… we are an awesome couple.
'King of the Hill' was great....enjoying all the seasons all over again...dang.
Can't be bothered.
I drink to o fast ...
would not, stay tuned to forecast as we go through the weekend, should be dry most of the day on Sunday
aw yeah! what station?
really? Cuz im about to change my schedule and be in apc.
outside of Sarasota
I'd be happy to see THE AVENGERS nab the biggest opening weekend. A movie that massive deserves a giant haul.
it usually is, based on what's been in the news for the past few years. Never had one here, but equal pay one today.
Just a FYI, I am alive and well...with Internet & phone access so u can contact me now
Hello #NAPICS! First attendee or exhibitor to mention this tweet at Off The Wall Magnetics booth 619 gets 500 free magnets!! Come visit!
WHY ARE MY COWS RECKLESS?
LOVING SugarRay's aggressive takes to the hope...
Not Ron, Not Hermione, YOU
Pls RT:FREE interactive teacher+kid friendly stuff at my newly-updated site: www.brianpcleary.com
Yes to both. While you're at it, steer your travels to the windy city :)
Lakers game in 5 min. after a double-header! Philly about to win this one.
Price Tag <U+2665>
if flght from HNL to LAX has layover in KOA do i check in w/ regular Delta counter or inter-island counter for Hawaiian?
you told me to shut up!
RT and follow me? (: yea ok thanks!! (;
Training till you almost puke, thats going HARD!
Hearing Lil Wayne light a blunt at the beginning of one of his songs >>>>>
Bad ass workout earlier.
For fans of batman I would check out the series red hood and the outlaws. Its a fantastic new series from the DC new 52!
not too sure I'd be eating sprouts right now, from anywhere.
Thanks for sharing the news on the AZ vigilante law. Hard to believe we've come to this.
Shouldn't be RT : RT : we're not really trippin on that, are we?
Haha! no one was off-limits at the Regal Beagle!
Thanks for acknowledging my pain! I'd write a strongly worded letter, but it wouldn't make a difference. Perhaps we can...
I asked him about emeraude
always a pleasure. Hope to do it again soon!
Shout out to for having the most swag in the PGA and for his first W!
schweeeeet! it'll be fun! we're gunna be selling stuff like it's a thrift store too hahah $5 shirts and stuff :)
“: I LOVE BEING A #PISCES HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!! MARCH 17TH ”
I dont know yet! A bottle of chardonnay I think. Its in the fridge and will be ready to go when I get home. YOU?
do you work down town? I go to the Hubcap for lunch
good luck. 143 <U+2764>
And all of a sudden my room magically becomes a Sauna?
If you take care of your character, your reputation will take care of itself. ~ American Proverb
Great conf call with my bud whose home from hospital and eager to get started on 'Privacy' score. Website score he did is kickn!
#Dope concerts hitting Indy this summer...Janet Jackson at Indy State Fair
Good. They put the Bucks on a channel that won't interrupt important sports.
I just prayed for the first time in a couple weeks, feel relieved.
was one of them Grave of the Fireflies?
*squeals* #AdamOnIdol Go Adam!
O'Hare, how I love thee. The way you hold on to me just a little too long each time I pass through. Your coyly concealed power outlets.
#FF isn't over in my time zone - here's a few of my favs
I can confirm this.
Damn! I want all the women to win.
Is it just me or do any of you get random people following you with naughty contents?
Need to go get my dress altered asap
no school on my bday
students from Marlowe Middle School in Illinois visiting the Conservatory today for a performance from members of our Voice Faculty!
Hey Anne! Ever run by us on Ridge Ave?! Stop on in soon for some Best of BBQ!
After no sleep in scottsdale this weekend had to get 12 hours of it back in ABQ. Now its time to get to work on the current and new work.
"That falcon must have slipped something into his drink."
Definitely trying to get out of work early to go see the #Lemieux statue. Only kid on Liberty with his jersey on.
Very helpful conversation today. Thank you. if you haven't spoken to a rep, give them a call. 800.663.1662
Just passed the national certification exam for Massage Therapy and Bodywork.
#CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys! Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th & Im in the 11th grade. R there any M&GS for the Milwaukee show? 5
No #AC till Saturday!...maybe he says!!!...guess I'm living at the library till then...
ENOUGH with the "Keep Calm & Carry On" knockoffs. Today I saw "Keep Calm & Be Vintage" HUH? Almost as bad as "Got ___?"
“A goal without a plan is just a wish.” - Larry Elders
Q1 not all paper books get returned in one piece. A higher price? Maybe?
its only like a mile and a half from the venue! thats only if everyone is playing..hopefully i should be ok
Thanks Glen Boudreaux for invite to Duxiana Holiday Party tonight! Great time meeting new friends.
pneumonia couldn't have kept me away!
Maya Angelo “ People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
I wanna hangout with my best friend tonight.
Hey #Followers ~ let's have some fun . . . what's your favorite thing to do?
Hanging with the bestie...no partying this weekend...laptop & sweats #leggoohh!
heard the word "marinate" used in a way today that is no bueno. #awfulwaffles #maguro #whatWorldDoiLiveIn?
haha Congrats to ! Be the fearless leader!
Leap day should be a holiday. Mostly because I don't want to go to work tomorrow.
No set backs, im out with the old in with new!!!
In a super secret unmarked balloon warehouse, getting ready for at w
----------> needs 2 PUSH Zack Ryder WOO WOO WOO PUSH Zack Ryder WOO WOO WOO PUSH Zack Ryder WOO WOO WOO
haa ones not good enough for ya shadow? lol JK :P and BEST PENGUIN STANS FOREVER bpsf <33
What is the best burger joint in the WORLD?
RT - Oh you have a Cleveland Indians snake skin rare snap back? Oh were fuckin tonight
#regret wsi classes at this point
<U+E312><U+E34B><U+E30C>Happy Birthday <U+E312><U+E34B><U+E30C>
happy mothers day (:
IN Quotes: "The body knows what you need before the head does."
May is Cancer Research Month. We salute the scientists who are looking for a cure for the disease that touches many of our lives!
RT : could you arrange with to make this ppt available on blackboard for us #mc220? Will do.
will they be restocked?
lucky bitch. i wanted to go to that but shit's fucked up. :P
And thanks for the RT!
: Not mine per se, but… you can add a trigger to set the update to happen at regular intervals… Can I email you a bit later?
WOO What you call 8:00, we call home. Community returns to Thursday nights on March 15th.
getting swill tonight. Next season starts now
my damn clock played a dirty trick on me this morning and i got to school an hour early!
You can have a productive day if you had the right coffee.
Do not want this wonderful weekend to end! Tantrum throwing, commence.
When Yu Have Five Or More Different Colors Of The Same Retro 4s
I think since Williams has past history Goodell has to suspend him more than one year. Agree?
Everyone have a safe st pattys night
dont wanna go to school!
Do all things with love. - Og Mandino
2012 Shooting Guard Akeem Springs will play for Northern Illinois University next year....Congrats!
i really wanted to set up contests with Austin, but i guess it's not going to happen #ohwell sorry guys :/
hate Math :(
we love you!
At 3:30 p.m. Central Time, Mrs. True & 'Abdu'l-Bahá left the Plaza Hotel to drive to Davis's gravesite in south Chicago. #239DaysLive [1/2]
Digging that hair
I feel sick to my stomach thinking about those poor people in Japan...I'm praying for you Japan
haha but we have swag and i think our future husbands would agree. bahaha.
just followed ;)
I've been busy! RT : It's just amazing how a guy can be utterly dominating on every level and then just suddenly lose it.
Opera dinner tonight on stage! Loving it! I will be surrounded by the set of Barber of Seville and serenaded by an opera singer:)
Ghetto translation: "So you Mad?" = "It amuses me that your angered by what just occurred when it didn't seem like a big deal to me
I went to the bathroom and like a heard of elephants came in making lots of noise
Oh man... Kevin McHale is so awkward sometimes. hahah
RT : Today I stood in a slave pen with shackles driven into the walls in a bldg I've driven past with a tragic history I never knew.
For New Years, no CX bikes at the dirt crits. But summer series - if there's enough interest we're planning a CX bike race.
if you bcc someone, it should be impossible for that person to then reply all to the entire group no matter how hard they try ()
OH from our IA: "Not sure what planet I landed on when I started here. Actually getting to focus on one project."
I really wanted to go but I have school tmm and I didn't have a ride! Next time you guys go please include me I want to go
e-mail on it's way! Thanks.
Walking into UCB without having to pay is literally the coolest thing I've done in New York. And Baz Luhrmann once came to my house, so...
where did you get the SEC shirt? I need one
his eyes just looked so BEAUTIFUL
estimated time servers will be up??
haha fuck you! I know ;p but idgaf I wanted to drink and it was all that was available :)
At the UW Madison terrace. I forgot how friendly college students are. Making quick friends with those around me.
Can't wait to go pick up my copy of Mass Effect 3 after work.
WE ALL FEEL GOOD NOW. get it? knee-slapper. lol, im not even in columbus, ohio. but i thought i'd share a good joke with ya.
'Panduit conforms to solutions based market approach' - Voice & Data Online
Today is my birthday,if you guys see this,hopefully.. Can any of you please wish me a good birthdaay? (: Thank you<3
If there was one thing I should know about you, what would it be?
RT So is this BLUE water shooting out the fountain on the KC plaza dedicated to us (Sporting KC) or the Royals???? (Royals who?)
comes to mind too.
drunk-driving) if they have eaten someone who was drunk?
Philly Eagles? No thanks lol
Anxiously awaiting the arrival of near #americanu (supposed to be at Mass and Nebraska). Yum!
When you say feminine traits, does that include feminine activities like hanging with the girls and jumping rope with them?
Good times
#NP a #Headbangers Double header; Linkin Park: Given Up & Avenged Sevenfold: Nightnare.
No don't do that!! LOL.
Im extremely hungry too..haha
Let's all pray that Ben & Jerry's stays out of the #FishFry game... Go get your free cone today though!
Can I just Grants Pass OR is amazing. U sing like a choir. U pray like Moravians. Thx for all ur work. Stay thirsty my friends
Famine, the new size 000
were can u get. The I swam with mcafee shirts. The would b the shirt I wore to every party. Follow me
I just moved to Birmingham last year. Lived in Atlanta for 30 years. Live in Birmingham now and I'm 48 years old. Yep.
Kentucky better hold this lead! #Leggo Wildcats!(:
...sell one, and with the dole, buy hyacinth. Feed thy soul.
Shot at Toro with for a video series. Jamie will be featured in October. Thanks for the hospitality Chef!
Those are the BEST! Nearly impossible to resist.
RT : If You Want Your Music In 24/7 Radio Rotation Follow
I got you that job app!
Fall down seven times, Get up eight.
Lakers still the greatest of all time ! Js
you noticed it to
no problem!
they could have the police go check up on her.
Jimmy Fallon Debuts &#39;Blow Your Pants Off&#39; Album Cover
let me tell you about my grandpa a. faal....
PBS referred to your people as "fiber enthusiasts." Is that acceptable? Sounded a little unseemly to me.
Do you hear the accompaniment in the upper winds? Remember it from the first mvmt?
ha! there's still a lot for them kids to learn
I look good... #Anchorman is on.
Saw that Twilight movie. I learned that Jacob can only leave a room if someone shouts "Jacob, don't!"
Love you girl. J and I will be skyping you soon. Be ready! Xoxo.
Montee Ball is at brickhouse right now...shouldn't he be at the KK?
... been watching the ESPN coverage of concussion related brain trauma injuries and their effect on football players.
Were glad you like it. Leave the bubble untouched and it will dry out with no issues. It should be clear in 24 - 48 hours
Did Jones really get a tooth knocked out from the helmet to helmet?
Goodmorning everyone!!! Hope everybody had a great friday!! Now its time for a great saturday!!! ^_~
haven't gone a day with listening to at least one song by you guys
would be easy if the game was 20 second long...but it's 60 minutes...same question could be asked of Lee Evans, I suppose.
What is the source of this story, please. Thanks
Lose your dreams and you could lose your mind. #Lifelesson"
After six innings, Trinity leads St. Xavier 3-0 at Slugger Field. Last chance coming up for Tigers in top of the 7th and final inning.
Is Tuesday the new Monday?
4 more workdays until the
I love twitter
Still looking for #recommendations for
Happy #FF to some more new followers
#pssst everyone #turnon your phone and try out <U+263A>
Guess who turns 39 in a week? Hint... It's VERY classical... & it's VERY Pittsburgh!
my phone must be broken since no one is texting me back today
Great sound bites at World Business Forum in NYC; GEs Conaty Performance Culture = Rigor, Rhythm and Consistency
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. it is the transition which is troublesome.
"When the winds of change blow, some build walls and others build windmills." I'm also seeing lots of people raise their sails leave.
I AM SHIFTING into my NEW Reality! Support System; International Speakers: Gerry, Paul, JG, Publicist:J. Price, Marketing Manager: S.Simmons
I love how easy it is for you to lie to my face.. It's not like it surprises me though. You do it all the time.
u so sexy i love it lol
I wanna see my baby today but he's retarded .
like when Ray J went to negotiate with Kim Jong Ill a few days before he passed
That's nuts.
I want a guy who will come up behind me & wrap his arms around my waist. Just to surprise me & whisper in my ear " Baby, I love you."
LOLOL Rodney! We tryna change our lives!
great story! Older than dirt?
And I wasn't attending, I was trying to bike home from work.
Going to my first game tomorrow! Fulfilling another right of passage for me living in Seattle. I'm excited.
Ole willy wonka Drambuie ass wanna be's.." u aint gotta lie to kick it"..lol
The more time you spend in reporting on what you are doing, the less time you have to do anything.
if this girl dnt come in the house..we gon lock her out!!!
If the Knicks make it to Game 5, I expect the injury report to read DAVIS, BARON: Out (knee explosion)
One wrong turn trying to exit the Herald Square train station and I'm wandering around JCPenney for an hour.
Is Facebook down?
to the rats fuck you you know who u r
Blowing up phones ;)
Automation Alley Fall new member networking meeting tonight. Always great opportunities at these events!
thank you! but you seem like a sweetheart yourself, just being happy seeing others happy!
ahahahahahhahaha... oh wow. people are
bro i cant talkntonight. i would text but dammit my phone
Album cover/promo photoshoot. We stay
Love the new season of Dexter.
Congratulations to Art and Art History Prof. Evan Reed, who has been awarded a prestigious Franz and Virginia Bader Grant!
Someone dumped a... ahem... Personal entertainment device In my yard. Ick, & umm how? And umm why? & umm ick. Surreal to say the least
Not taking a dig at you this time. Referring back to a yesterday tweet about teachers thinking we play favorites.
Did Carla just retweet that? She is DEFFF not funny c;
- My " Ex Bestfriennd " Said Relationships Are Not For Me , Be He Dont Know Shit Cause He Still Got Hoe Problems .
Sleep sweet.
RT : "Diving into Riak for a few days. This is looking awesome so far." <- Go Josh, go!
Disappearing? When I Google Shaima Alawadi I get 460,000 results. When there is news there will be more stories.
It wouldn't be the Women's Open without an evacuation. We're in a suspension of play.
We are creating our facebook page right now. Coming soon!
Twitter Interview with & is starting now.. follow #TRRPA to see whats going on!
Smh she trynna get tough already,
I don't get this soccer thing. When are the TV timeouts?
lol I love doing that ! But then I take a shower so it was just a waist of my time <U+E409>
What's up everybody!!
So incredibly envious! What a group!
thanks amigo!
Havin a really bad sunburn and takin a hot shower
It is so awesome to direct college theatre students!
Photo printing is a technique that helps us preserve and cherish our beautiful memories.
We just received SO many accessories from Top it Off! Cute, preppy totes, flipflops and keychains. It's gonna take me forever but check back
I can't help myself Imma pusher.
Hi me and my partner over here would like to get suited for matching tuxes
Follow my friend !!! Do it!!
Our office will close at 1 p.m. today and re-open Monday morning. Here's wishing you a joyous Thanksgiving!
"There is only one difference between a long life and a good dinner: that, in the dinner, the sweets come last."
RT When claims government doesn't create jobs, odd he forgets it's created every job he's ever had.
Excited about these new tracks from Usher's album that my favs are working on!
totally thought of Titanic with your last hashtag
A black some vodka and home is how I'm ending my night
Keep up the intensity Coyotes!!
Now that Adele is in love she better still be able to write a good album and not be like 2 different artists. ( a la Mary J Blige)
getting stood up is totally embarrassing.
Clippers vs Grizzlies.... Hopefully this series ends tonight.
got this new keyboard skin for like 3 dollars on ebay!! man its SICK! (:
Up again with the sun, off to a campaign breakfast. No, I'm not sipping fresh squeezed orange juice & reading the Ft Myers New-Press.
true. The Internet is gospel. ;)
just posted video of the march with all sharpton you can see me in the front at about the 30 second mark
Download Game Center on your phone! You can listen to the games while running.
I swear I'm such a good friend
I think and I are long lost sisters.
'America's Next Top Model': Nigel Barker Says His Firing 'Wasn't a Tyra Banks ... - Hollywood Reporter
Party on Friday ! To ready ! Ayee, ! #TWERKsum !
New Follower <3
Ridiculous how mobwives gets to me sometimes
suffice it to say i put that in the rear view mirror instanter.
you were superb in Unreal estate Agents! Missed yout at the screening, and class!
If your friends broke your not too far away
an early special #FF to the old pals , check them out you won't be dissapointed.
Hm....which winery to visit today?
Financial Tip Friday: Here is a priceless article with tax tips for the freelancers and self-employed. Be sure to know how to maximize...
In Wells' Time Machine, the palace of Green Porcelain contains a ruined library. Borges' Library of Babel is arguably sci-fi.
Fuck. Less than an hour of sleep. Fucking great. Thanks. Ouuu so mad...
Great session of #eci831 - thanks Alec. Will check out the student blogs.
Facebook gets soo old.
I sware, if it's not one thing it's another.
Nashville Crew Goes Behind The Scenes With ABC’s “The Bachelorette”
Miss you too
Hot guys follow me! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Check out Antengo! We make it ridiculously easy to connect and sell with buyers in your area!
I am glad I finished my basement, so I can store everything from my baby shower.
Working with Apple's new Motion ... it's pretty slick and almost idiot-proof. Almost.
paving my brain with this steamroller and catchin z's
So #Sarkozy is no longer the president of France?
Someonee Wanna text Me ?(:
Did anyone else notice how segregated the #hungergames dystopia still was? The only non-white people seem to live in District 11.
Chicago is BURSTING at the seams with cool shit to do. But since I'm new to the city, I need to find some cool people that do cool shit.
Nah! You just concentrate on my pretty face and it will al be oooookayyyy !!!!
Ah, the sweep, sweep stench of a winning streak. Keep it up #SFGiants www.WeBeGreater.com
Crap. My secret place that had a good amount of Hopslam has finally run out (thanks to me). So long, friend. See you next year
Sr. Year basketball coming up....gotta make it to state one more time.
A place for everything and everything in its place. ~ Anon
Enjoyed visiting MUSE publisher colleagues at booth here at #AAS2012. It's great to see our publishers from outside North America!
So often times it happens that we live our lives in chains And we never even know we have the key. "Author Unknown"
Someone starves to death every 3.6 seconds, 75% of those are kids under the age of 5. JOIN THE FIGHT!
RT : The verdict comes from those with nothing else to do, the jury's out, but my choice is you. -Taylor Swift
I'm waiting for James Dyson to claim he's reinvented the shop vac by simply selling a black hole generator.
Gulf Shores bound. Can't believe my cousin is finally gettin hitched...poor guy ha
At Helix bar Palazzo with ODs on FB, cool group. Just met
everyone looked great at pictures today! REMEMBER: if you are on the stop list you have till 5 pm tomorrow to get it cleared. GET IT DONE!
YAY, purple's my favorite color!
i got my own money tew get my toes&eyebrows dun for prom yay me
If you know how to make memorable art, you know how to engage your tribes & clients. /QqP8Ld
YOUR UGLY YOUR UGLY YOUR UGLY & YOUR SO UGLY : ) oh well
Thank you president for noting desire to include Reynolda House fine art in campaign.
Told you, Its such a good movie!
I make my debut, Saturday March 26! That's where it all started for me...how cool.
Love is better in person, but made stronger with distance.
oh well then there you go ;) online never worked for me either I'd rather do the leg work haha
12 in a row!
"Living and dying is not the big issue. The big issue is what you're going to do with your time while you are here." - Bill T. Jones
lol, I know. I'm tryna take the whole day off to make it to both
West Dundee enters ‘economic diet’ mode on expenses WEST DUNDEE — The unexpected closing of the West Dundee Best Buy has v
“: I should be credentialed” as should i and we can sit at PressConf and do shots while mocking stupid questions
Jason aldean looks like ludacris's gay meth dealer. Go listen to johnny cash live at san quentin prison and be amazed by real country music.
Who creates trust and higher purpose amongst their people and gets unparalleled levels of support for common goals.
http:// via R.I.P. CHRISTOPHER WALLACE, AKA THE NOTORIOUS B.I.G.!!!!!
museum staffers casually chatting about WHY social media belongs in exhibits
Getting my grub on at "La Ponderosa"! Woo! Yummy! My tummy is gonna be HA-PPY! XD
A mistake is just a mis-take... Take another shot! Learn from it and keep pushing toward the goal !!
preparing to leave for #icsf in the morning. one more late night for the team.
We don't have a horse in this race, but opening nights are always fun! RT Your #WhiteSox are home!
This guy right here landed a job! Giggity!
deanthony thomas is stupid fast
Sitting on an empty beach & a crazy family sets up 5 feet away
RT Who are your go-to tweeters for museum news? wants to know!
": Stay Strong Like Demi and put your finger down your throat until your dinner comes up :)" You are so fucking PATHETIC.
Just read book 'how to win in the sports of business' and gave me a lot of inspiration! Love the make it from nothing and hard story
Happy Mothers day to My mom! and all #yankees fan moms, #nygiants fans moms, #Syracuse fans moms, #nyranger fans mom, #Knicks fans mom
Don't forget to get signed up for this Saturday's Hawaiian Tea Party! This may be your only chance to taste rare teas from Hawaii in #Omaha!
Whether you're #TeamClimateChange or not, save some time and go outside while the weather lasts
Happy birthday hope u hav a gr8 birthday
Peloff (making Stuller's argument): The female hero's journey is a collaborative, communal, adapative journey.
aww that sounds like fun!! I've been chillin done with the semester n back home now n yeah def! Hit me up sometime!
Plus the Reagan administration helped set up the funding networks that led to Al Qaeda. Not mentioned too often today.
Think before you speak.
She said Chillin In the Cut Like A Band-Aid -__- , Ctfu Boosie !
Just tapped Lost Abbey Deliverance
Woo! Sub in history
I hope its ok, I mailed it 2...Zarin Fabrics.......
En route to Detroit. Trying to make it out of Ohio before nightfall. This is bat country.
Hey Juan! Message says your site is down temporarily
RT : Don't let math push you away from science. You can get math along the way. (EO Wilson being quoted) YES!
#JoePa looks about 10 years younger when he isn't wearing glasses. No joke
lol. everyone is tweeting about Justin on the voice. ok. i wanna see it too. :3
Remind me never to sit in the first car of the Acella. Feels like I am on the worst roller coaster of all time! Come on
my hurricane tweet yesterday >>>>>>
Whoa wind.. the pollen count is peaking at 11.8 today! So prepare yourself for the wind and swirling pollen.. subtle decline tomorrow.
Just now watching the Teen Mom episode from January 3rd. THIS IS NOT OK. I need more computer and TV time.
Watching Eclipse. I'd forgotten how hot Jasper is and how horrible Kristen Stewart is at acting
Put Ah Condom In Your Ear And Fuck What You Heardd <U+2665><U+2602><U+2601>
which Rao sauce?
RT : Thanks! MT : Great interview with iPod inventor Tony Fadell - Great #entrepreneur success story...
Thanks to everyone that voted Vision Optique Best Optometrist in the Best of Houston 2011!
Of course not. I'm a temp, not en employee.
#takemeout side to shoot around and play basketball with me :)
Long May You Live!
Sadly, you are missing out. :(
~Good morning everybody! Time to get up n at 'er!! Be the best u can be today!
No matter how big your dream may be, GO FOR IT. Don't let anyone or anything get in your path!
thanks for the MT Peter. Weren't we trying to connect with ?
via : Placed about 14 chairs on brick(?) area on our SIM.
Calling someone fat or too skinny or anything far from nice.. yeah your not hard. Your just a judgmental fuck who made someone insecure.
Another great performance by the legendary orator and debater.
do you also go to USD? Did you win that tennis match a few days back?
Who else is more excited for Believe tour?! :D
It is noteworthy that most of the great people of the Bible were busy when divine necessity laid hold of them. - J. T. Pugh
love and miss u girl. Thank u. Texas misses you. MCMEOW!
It's a new level of awkward when your mom asks if you've read 50 Shades of Grey with that far off look in her eye...
They<U+FFFD>ll say the old rules are still in play
Wisco sports 2-0 for weekend thus far. Pack will make it 3-0 no doubt. Great performance Badgers
You know it brother! I can fight the good fight because of all the useful info from you
Two stops...
we talk. we flirt. we joke with each other. and were not dating why...?
(vice pleads the 5th of *vodka")
AU student suggests another Huntsman run in 2016
I hope it's more useful for you than it has been for me. Nothing very drupal-specific here...
sending your best friend tweets because you can't put them on here >>>>
I've thought about someday moving to #NYC but imagine myself pulling an Elaine Benes at Yankee Stadium.
My thing is if I'm with a nigga I'm faithful to the dude til the end. period!
I hate users.
As in academia, Maya scholars even form groups of researchers who take sides according to which particular meaning is chosen for a glyph.
Going to followback some ppl :)
Thank you Encinitas!
I tried! But I was beyond the wifi range! Sorry #artsummit12 They recorded, so it should go up somewhere...
donk. RT : color me peach and black. color me taken aback.
LOL RT Who gets custody of Willow's hair?
hopefully peyton didn't hurt his neck while he was kissing elway's ass today during that press conference. jeez, you two, GET A ROOM!
can't wait to see you there!
Yesterday, we installed an alarm for someone's daughter, attending the UofA. We installed it, as if it were our own daughter's alarm.
Today is the day. I'm putting a few of my precious shoes up for sale. I hope that people buy them, but mostly I hope that they love them.
Some people at my school need to learn how to sit down and shut up
You think this is about you? hah
You raise some important issues. Now more than ever preservation is something the industry needs to take more seriously.
looking for leaders connected to Australia. A project that I am working on will be there soon! pvt msg me.
Hello new followers!
Thank you Jen...I appreciate it.
I love seeing clients like Peter Twohy out and about.
I felt ma bed shake, and nobody was in ma room!? WTF
what a wonderful and nerdy day at smithsonian museums. i really miss living here. even if it was just a month or so.
lma obv i was being sarcastic
Haha - I'll suggest it next time there's a foiled underpants bomb plot.
I love to see ass holes get screwed over. How you like me now punk.
Thanks 4 a wonderful time! Great premiere of our little short, great networking 4 Saw some great flicks
The live stream wasn't working, I'm watching it on a delay now...no skips. Thanks for reaching out.
2011 Resolution: an improved culturenow.org homepage. We'll let you know when we launch it!
“: He messes with Sasquatch. And gets away with it.” Is that true ?
Sad...the ties that bind can sometimes strangle your spirit.
enjoying the random suggestions of "People You May Know" today on LinkedIn. Robin Hood, Activist/Chief Fundraiser @ Nottingham is particula…
hey think you could sign up on dccodeathon.eventbrite.com ? i need more librarians... purty please! you can play act!
Getting busy at the new gig. Off to Fredricton, New Brunswick Canada next week.
RT : It is impossible not to believe what you see, but it is equally impossible to see what you do not believe. T-11.VI.1:1
My feet hurt I met some cool ass people today tho, I need to learn not to blush. Haha
What a GREAT story!!
Alcohol in mouthwash dries oral tissues. Dry tissues create more sulfur compounds. Sulfur compounds enable infection & create bad breath.
Loved watching you guys arrive in #Lex & get off the bus at #Rupp. You're all going to be missed. Thanks for the ride.
Hidden camera: FBI seizes - and then returns - anonymizing email server [VIDEO] - Naked Security
Ian Desmond said during wknd series Phillies were up for the gms and played harder than they usu do against the #Nats, he says thats big
Good pace so far from the Thunder. Keep it up.
Betancourt and McGehee are pathetic with the bat.
I dont really interact on Twitter lately so Im surprised that I still have followers. Lol.
VeroKNEEcun, NAOMI, Steve called 2 have YISD cancel that YARBROUGH BRIDGE meeting but I have tht Aaron BarRAZA on my tail & couldn't call 2
How are you sir? Hope things are good. Say hi the next time you are in Austin!
DO IT!! RT : In the mood to workout
IS A JOKE no consistency with anything like I said earlier you can get away with murder if you are a big name player
Hello!How are you?:)
I feel like ass ass ass ass ass ass ass....
This nigga almost deleted the beat lol
With my By Sunlight dudes and hitting the road today, I'm going to have to catch up on a few episodes of the OC.
Lee Ann Womack quotes “I thought it would be nice if I got one or two. Everything after that was just icing on the cake.”
can't wait to see my loves & in 3rd period (:
Great to meet you too MT : Loved discussion abt digital pedagogy, scholarship, & future of humanities w/ &
Dinner with the Athens family. Happy.
it was a treat to get to see you and the entire GTG Team this weekend.
What is the #worst time that your #car has broken down? Middle of nowhere, side of the highway? How did you fix it?
Make love not war, my man is happy... what a hippie thong 2 say...
About to cuddle with all 6 of my big pillows,,,
MT We've monitored Sat.'s forecast: high risk of thunderstorms. We postponed #DITC to May 13. See you then!
Latin Gold Thursdays tonight at The QBar with &
Which is more conducive to personal growth? The right question or the right answer?
call me
The beings had no dents, grooves or anything, they were smooth all around.
Everything that we see is a shadow cast by that which we do not see.
Get the burger... it's AMAZING!
sounds great!
RT : Q1. How do little things like enough sleep or ups/downs at work affect your capacity to learn & change behavior?
Who's watching the WWE Royal Rumble Tonight? :-)
Gotta make moves
I just got home sorry
well I have a snow day today so I will! :)
Peoples should follow !
OMG OMG OMG if I win the get One Direction to party all night with you im inviting and !!
lol welcome aboard!
Then had to wake up teenage daughters at 4 am to take me to airport. That was fun...
Omg we did ATVing at pismo beach, hella fun! You must eat at splash cafe, its so bomb!
Word son
gone night running williamsburg bridge for big thinking
Everything will be okay in the end. If it's not okay, it's not the end.
Funny,I have 2 male co workers that I told the same thing!They busted my chops!Now who's laughing?Pats sore losers.
Brought my mom to the #HEAT game for an early mothers day present
Happy Easter for those who celebrate and Happy day to those who have been given the opportunity to have another day of this good life.
2 yo went to daycare in underoo's today! (also with 2 changes of clothes) - God Speed Little One!
All I wanna do is tell you how I feel. that you would listen and all this time I wasn't mislead. That you would catch me as I fall.
calm down you bottle stabber your dad might have 2 arrest u for assault
New rule: you have to go to all games!!
Chiana:Yes, I'm still here but my tweeter is tuckered out!
I am so, so, so tired. Miss my wife.
Studying lines for tonight's rehearsal for this weekend's movie shoot. Love love love when we have the luxury of rehearsal! Don't you?
Your wish is your command. If you had 3 wishes in life, what will they be?
Needs some new friends
on oovoo with emily and alex<U+2665>
#HappyMothersDay to my mother, the very best!!! love you mommy!!
That shouldve been me
Mud Hens player is like Bull Durham.
casual, organized with lunch in mind, and will potentially keep 1-2 rooms for conversations/hacking deriving from courses. [+]
Hearing about Google+ and +1s but hasn't addressed user adoption. If target audience isn't there, success is limited.
where are you?
Thanks for a great today!
Nice to see you at Julie's show last night....sure can't wait to hear her back on the radio!
lol I think u gave it to me on my birthday when we were like 5
hang in there man.
have you tried it with cold pressed dark chocolate?
Power's out again, down Sellwood-way. Wind-related, I assume. Our office needs a diesel generator, it would seem.
There's a lot of apologizing in softball. Ladies, we need to stop it.
Uhh Justin Bieber Gonna perform on grammy award SUCkS!-__-
Bout to hit turbulence at the banquet
convoluted attempt to imply eating unprocessed foods will make your kids capable of high-level reasoning?
I took a nap and missed dinner omg I'm so upset right now. this is child abuse
NBC yet to show hit. Suspension worthy?
They'll make it the right time! <3
My friends & started a wedding Twitter account. Officially the cutest thing ever. So excited for them!
LMFAOOO!!! My momma just said Terrell mustache look like DIRT! Bahaaa
Story of my life RT: I won't text back. I won't text back. I won't text back. I won't text back... "Nothing much, you?" Fuck.
A big fan!!
thanks so much for featuring us!
Are you playing 8 mile on Easter because Eminem's character's name is "Rabbit"? How festive.
Say what you mean, and mean what you say.
RT: : #MittRomney still losing Michigan - this guy cldnt be less popular in 'heartland' if he strangled Dolly Parton and came ...
I don't belong here I dnt belong anywhere
how much ? I'm a broke beezy
so I finally watched Doctor Who.. don't worry, you're not missing much. it's retarded.
Too bad we don't have that here. “ did you know in Australia, Belgium, & it is compulsory to vote! If you don't you can be fined!
tweeps! what's the plan for the weekend?
Gary Coleman's comeback would've happened right about now.
dumb bitch
let's go! When and where haha
Hanging with sadie tomorrow...I miss that girl even thou I see her everyday and school :)
And they go down in a whimper again...
I'm in the business of illusions.
You can always trust me to be me!!
It's a great night for Wisconsin football! Here's to many more! Cheers!
happy bday to one the greatest!!
Subway cold cut and some hot as gripos
John Lennon would have been proud. His hopes for peace and revolution realized.
NEWS: Psychic medium will be here in San Diego on 4/4 for his own event. Psychics can be a great resource for para investigators
In my head
To describe this seasons collection at TOPMAN AW2012 I would say hip 60's take on Russian military
Bronchitis. Awesome.
like my bio? ;)
Are you an interaction designer with visual design skills? Open to new opps? Please reply with a portfolio link.
We're so excited to be on board to help promote the best #stpattysdayparty in #MKE!
hi. Can't wait to see you tonight. Xo
Pretty little liars. <3
is this rap?
I'm missing my phone right about now...
I can forgive but it's just so hard to forget
God bless you, Theresa! We radiate with pride whenever we receive a compliment.
Uh oh.... I may have just been DUPE-ond. Which is of course when you get a shitty Groupon.
What's with all the police cars in Santa Fe right now.
I'm finding that QR codes are about as useful as a pimple on a design. It gets attention now, but that'll dry up in time.
Omfg i hate bugs!!! Ewwww. Im gonna cry!!
and I was like plus, you got invited to this party last week? I've had these tickets for months and they were a fortune so shh
Lunch time in school
Nap time :) ... Working extra hard I need to go back home #DominicanRep #Santiago #cibao for at least 2 weeks before summer time ends
It looked like Sveum was giving his 4-year-old son a lecture when he got mad at Campana for not knowing the goddamn signs.
They are saying I have to pay to upgrade my device. BS. BS. BS. It was FINE until you pushed the update.
I live a double life.
Ready for the Weekend Sales event!
However, it's worth wondering since his camp. manager is an oppo guy - is that what his campaign will be?
"Live doesn't matter I still like their album" excuse me last time I checked if they're shitty live they're shitty all together.
let's go to the circus...and cirque du soleil!!!
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1968 the 58th and final episode of "The Monkees" TV show was aired. -
U were definately right! RT 2010 twitter prediction that said this year all about drake next year gona be about wiz kalifa?
Today 1936: Hottest temperature recorded in Wisconsin: 114 degrees in the Wisconsin Dells.
Hey Follow Me Here Hey Follow Me Here Hey Follow Me Here
RT ": Always do what you are afraid to do. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson"
I just threw up in my mouth a little
6 more days till my birthday
Monday Night Football...Like or DisLike???
Nope, I think I'm getting a cold though
I'm addicted to heirloom tomatoes.
Definition of a Statistician: Someone who feels figures don't lie, but admits than under analysis some of them won't stand up either.
Gifts for all! We have giftcards! And, we will be open December 24 for all the late shoppers!!
nun much chillin bored listening to music
Any chance you guys could share your Tempeh Shepherd's Pie recipe in honor of St. Paddy's Day? #prettyplease?
Happy mothers day to my baby mommas
Major thinking to do..
We'll announce the new airline in one hour!
haha seriously do it!
Me too, Kate. Me too.
Miss America 2012 go NC
Which constitution will Egyptian government go with?
you have very good sources!
Woke up a little high, definitely anxious. I'm not looking for sympathy, I'm just annoyed.
dont give a crap if its saturday....killllin my legs at the gym today ;)
With 57% of wards reporting, Walker has a 27,654-vote lead over all the Dem candidates and Kohl-Riggs combined.
Commercial auditioning comes down to the right amount of finesse for that actor. I've coached actors to 100's of commercials. Find mojo.
Do y'all think I am fake?
Followers, my tweets will be sporadic the next 2 weeks. When they are posted, they'll be comments on the real austerity protests in Spain.
it gonna be in july..I'll let you guys know :-) we're having a girl!!
FEMALE MODELS: If you can use some FREE PROMOTION for urself as a model to let ppl know about ur work, holla bk.. SERIOUS INQUIRIES ONLY...
Everytime I dig into a fan,they only can throw shit bout kim!Y can't you defend nicki with how good she is or impact she makes?
Wouldn't *increasing* their availability make more people recycle?
Can't tell you how much I appreciate that you're always there and one of my biggest supporters! <3 & Miss you!
RT im da type 2 say a prayer and go get what i just prayed for!
Seriously, Emerson's got nothing on them as for as interpretation of this piece goes. So snappy and articulate and
Meet the mighty Mojave Desert Up to $150 off deal on now!
Yes Madison has gone R of R for a while now! $ from the R pays th way
Greateful Dead Acid Test 1966. Yes, please......
More: brown chicken brown cow
going to netherworld tonight
It's like I'm talking to children.
follow back xo
Good work and drive safe!
TOTALLY worth the wait! Good to virtually see you man!!!
Anybody have 4 tickets to The Master's this week. I'll swap for 250 of theCRICKETtoy :) Please RT
Alrighty Twitter people's. Time to get married in less than 2 hours. Been in deep thought all day, but I'm ready. Let's go!!!!!
i got thinking and i just released i would die to have a mom as cool as you :)
Dear junk food, So yeah where do I start how bout this, I Need You Now ! Please come back! Those veggies meant nothing to me! Honest! -Me(:
Mistake 1: lit 40 candles with his pants unzipped.
has a nice lounge at #sxsw. 4th floor of the Hilton.
That sounds fabulous!
Kepler Lucas :I <3 Animal Planet.
You sat Selena is a fame-whore? She got only hate from dating Jus, no fame. So what're you talking about?
RT GOP believe $$ can win their elections -that they will complete corporate control of US in Nov. #Vote them wrong!
That's the spirit!
thanks for the recommendations!! been wanting to try PS7...
i got homework i havent started yet smh i dnt think imma do it
I stand tall wit da fuccin world on my shoulders... I might stumbl, but I don't fall! No nigga or no chicc has evr been my crutch!
IDL6543 Faculty Showcase students describe varied experiences taking online courses. Nice addition to hear from students
Workin my butt off to save everyone 10 bucks lol
Tonight's pint night is shiner wild hare.... Followed by trivia at 7!
#accordingtoasource is very sensitive
So what did you guys think!?!
Working at the office this late is creepy.
Sending video messages back and forth with Morgan because texting is overrated
Good to hear! RT : Yo the bonavita brewer is great. Crazy to think "make a pot of coffee" has entered my lexicon again.
Did you unfriend him?
Will do! Are there lyrics and a bouncing ball to follow along?
just got complimented for being able to dance in stilettos
my humor is like Franks... You can put that shit on everything!
BREAKING NEWS MICHELLE RHEE RESIGNED! GRAY WILL NOT CONTINUE THE EDUCATION REFORM THAT HELPED DC GET 75 MILLION IN FEDERAL FUNDING!
You're not the first west-coaster to lament no opportunity to see ! Should be a great show.
people, they come and the go, just as easy as breathing. u aint nobody but a person to me, and i aint wasting no more air on.
2 great shows tonight! The Dangerous Summer/Weatherbox/Ten Second Epic @ The Loft and Marco Benevento @ Redamte!
We just started #nosework last weekend and it's so much fun - enjoying your posts!
thank you! Lets go Aussie Babyy
no don't touch me!
Took the kids to the Children's Museum of Atlanta. Warms my heart seeing how children, no more than one time acquaintances, can be so kind.
I need to smoke!
make sure to tweet plenty--I want to hear about that!
That is very true. But now she has a great mother like you. And she has just been given a life she would not have known otherwise.
Baby im not like the rest!
whats going on with the urltv website my dude
That's right! RT : Chef of just stopped by the office told us he takes all his line cooks to In-N-Out to...
Alpha Chi Omega installed Epsilon Eta chapter at on May 6, 1967. Early happy Founders Day !
haha. I wish. I clearly don't excel at tweeting yet. Dude. U r the man!! Miss u bro
Don't forget... May 18th is #HoodieDay - Thanks to the $FB IPO
i dont , they kicked me out.... after my 10 days outdoor , i go to w.r thomas...
Oh, wow! LOL...is the dog THAT bad?
Great! Was just thinking to do that as well. Will connect with you right away!
