Catch RADIO MEMPHIS on GOOD MORNING MEMPHIS FOX 13 while we hang with TOM DEES on Friday morning AUG 12th!! JOIN the REVOLUTION!!!
just got a nose bleed.
TPaw calls Obama "chicken"? Really? Liar, douchebag, hypocrite, TPaw thinks Social Security is the problem. Bastard!
KMVT-TV in Idaho does a great piece on our work.
Received word that my brother-in-law on the big island of Hawaii is OK. His house is not too far from the shore. He is on far side.
Watching Thelma and Louise!
The obvious question no one (?) is asking: If #OBL was "resisting," what exactly was he resisting? Arrest?
oh my, my thoughts are with your mom. :( I'm sorry she's not doing well.
fire ass times yo
Just did! Thanks!
Watching good luck Charlie :)
Strength is looking back and seeing what you have been through and knowing you were strong enough to make it through.
This is all kinds of awesome.
Thanks for the kind note, Jaci. Appreciate it enormously.
oh I have to say Corbin here :) whuddup?
Are you ok love?
Patron, Mexican food, fight ordered <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Sitting in the parking lot waiting to pick up my boyfriend from work is beyond annoying
Way to harsh my mellow, man.
get better soon man... Can't wait to see you back on the court again!
I really appreciated that post. Thanks, Adrian.
don't forget Hartford and Vassar to! Super Jam.
Outside gazing at the Super Moon
Too funny. I'll keep my derisive puppeteer humor to a minimum from now on!
Order sent to Kari in CA!
6. Programmable thermostats, which allow the temp to automatically rise during the day when no1 is home, can lead to annual savings of 30%.
no, i live in san diego (:
Yeah. It's definitely a tasty treat.
Seeing Tee Martin in his UK gear during his interview for #TheBrady6 really gets to me. Gonna miss the guy.
Day 1 (so far): not have to wake up at 4am, shop at , walk my dogs around Hancock Park in the beautiful sun, continue my book....
What happened to Xavier? Are the still Zipping em up??
true. Still missed it. Thanks. Tough last 2-3 miles. Improvement over last time though. Another one next month.
ew . I cut my hair & i look TERRIBLE !! - The Jenster<3
: We should call him RJHollywood
I feel like I need to reiterate just how much I can't stand the Red Hot Chili Peppers
you know it buddy & you can thank Clay Mathews for knocking out Kolb in last years opener, opening the door for Vick.
Download the ebook to learn how word-of-mouth marketing has evolved online and how you can use these changes to your advantage
God, I hate people. I really do.
"We're lost." I've heard this many times in the last 2 days..
fine good :) i miss u
Beginning November 18, Escovedo will play a trio of nights at the Rubin Museum in New York City, where he'll perform songs from his first
Simple things in life are the best-- rest, home cooking, and of course a little Housewives of ATL!
Fuxcck Yo Words , That Shit Don't Even Mean 2 Cents To Me ;*
my boy is playing
Washington Capitals! lol
One minute after landing at DFW run into a surely worker. Not in Milwaukee anymore! Everyone friendly at
I'll have to play the night version. Working in the morning. It was fun! Thanks!
Somewhere in the middle of Queens plaza's traffic lies a pair of millstones from one of the first farms in Queens. Tell us if you find them!
Peter Nowak 03/12/2012 Philadelphia Union manager Peter Nowak talks about his team's 3-1 loss to the Portland Timbers at JELD-WEN Field o
You're original, cannot be replaced
you'll be fine. Drink more.
You know me...so well.
Completely inspired #yetagain by the presentation tonight at the !
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. - Henry Ford
some parents are out of control a law should be pass not allowin just anyone to have children without being certified competent or sterilize
#tastemakersks Hey hey, i cant wait to share!
Hey, I have a random question for ya. If you had to relive the past year of your life, what would you change and why? :)
AT gtr. maker Steve Connor's playing new guitars and some old one too! yesterday The guy keeps amazing me! Looked at wood for new guitars!
hey, at least they're not asking for C-pound
This is weird for me because I literally never get talked to or harassed on the street by men otherwise.
I hate it when I can't complete an important project. Does anyone know if ebay sells individual legos?
that looks tasty. I'm working a Belgian tripel and a blueberry mead at the moment
I have a question, is the Napoleon Dynamite series ever returning?
I love pears so much, I think I want to marry them. Would that be considered polygamy?
'Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition - they somehow already know what you truly want to become.'- Steve Jobs
Happy Monday. That is all.
Saw it in #Cleveland on tues!! One big dance party!
Exciting news! Always great to see in person
Same to you Fabe
New Chelsea & Violet dresses at in North Olmsted! Navy lace and pretty little hearts- I'm in love with the sweet details!
do these genes effect parathyroid? kidneys? where are the changes taking place... Respectfully Yours, MM
Sitting on the porch, drinking coffee, eating frosted flakes and enjoying the weather. Nice last day in Kentucky
Have a fabulous time!! I will try to do the same even though you are not going to be there. Who is replacement Jamie?
this one might be different perhaps. do you have any contacts?
i know of wobble and vital sign. what is the third? Will it live up to the awesomeness of the others?
Thanks for the recommendations!
New workout. Kicking my butt...just what I needed. #heartpounding woo!
OKC in 7 with Ron Artest and J. Harden as the X-Factors
Got a new work out for yall deadlift burpies n a push up do 20 in a row n u will feel it lol
will do buddy. Good luck on your finals
That's great to hear! We'd love to hear how it goes! How are you using it?
Hahaha! I haven't talked to her all week. I guess I have too eventually.
we received a cease and desist for using the word "Madness". We are working to change the name and get the page back up ASAP
at least you don't eat your own bowel movements..
Atleast she had respect for his girl other then that Britt girl
Do what you could, with what you have, where you are.
Happy for #SFGiants Sandoval's streak but he and Mays in the same sentence just does not sound right.
hell yea
I'm down in Miami for the Billboard events. You shooting dwn here anytime soon?
Thanks for reading the RT. I hope it is beneficial for you and your Marketing and PR Firm.
i really dislike that has been outnumbered
Been booked forever! Can't wait!
#unpopularopinion I find South Park to be incredibly stupid.
I can't believe I'm stuck watching this true jackson vp when I should be watching Penguins of Madagascar :/
Amen to that!!! RT : Ladies start giving yourselves a little more credit!!
Bruce Willis and Mos Def did it.. I think you can too.
Gosh, I really need to tweet more often from feed... g.c.
Beyond irritated! Off this shit for a while..
#SUCCESS is NEVER achieved without a cost...and the FINAL PAYMENT is #GRATITUDE!
I'm craving a great adventure.
lick a goat
Used to be a Louisiana restaurant in Albuquerque that advertised "it's a party in your mouth!"
Should i get Black or white sparkly toms ? :o
The national anthem too?!? I have never seen a second of Glee and she is not giving me a reason too.
I can stay hard hours after I cum.Its not as cool as it sounds.Its really quite painful.<i told u2only take 1/2 the Viagra
I can't freaking wait until this morning is over..... #sodone with this ap class -_____-
oh sexy sexy.
What? Just got word the concert I'm attending tonight doesn't start until 9pm, with two opening acts.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort. -Herm Albright
separated from the art after the reception phase, as we write art history. is that when the art get's washed of the money?
RT How are YOU all doing right now at this very moment? cracking up watching Who's the Boss!!
How would you describe an experience for a fan at a FCW show?
Okay, So Andre From Victorious Is Fine As Hell. HE CAN GET IT!
Just back from Zulu Lounging as a Marionette and done packing... 2.5 hours sleep now or go to LAX & sleep there. Ahh the possibilities...
i love mine! always travel with it.
If you'd like, stop by the concierge today and we can arrange a taxi pick up for you in the morning.
#McNulty to #LPR2011 - repeal of collective bargaining for state employees will die in CO senate due to partisanship.
I love it when i have to struggle to breathe, thanks allergies.
Whats good fam, hope all is well.. :)
A "brand new" series from Tyler Perry on TBS? If that's not false advertising I don't know what is.
I really hope to see victory chicken in my future.
Do they just play slap and tickle??
Bed time,
I wanna go
“: #Scorpio's are so unforgiving when they get hurt and will ensure that they hurt you 10x more.”<<this haha
good mornin... Just wanted to tell u I think your pic is sexy as fuck<U+E106>
RT : The Union Station is not participating in World Free Cone Day. Clearly, this location is run by the Taliban.
What is APR?
Call bad bitch teller lets go hang
thanks girl:)
lmfao i just noticed (;
LOVED it! Can't wait to learn more bout your firm, offerings, etc.
I had a good weekend.Won our meet friday.Hung out with my besties yesterday.& today goin shopping with my dad ;)
#Dexter is an amazing show! I came across the same dilemma after finishing season 2. You gotta get the DVD's in the mail!
for getting my mama stuff off the top shelf & that's about it lol
Love the quote and the visual it creates - we have the power but do we use it?
Dont let up in ur club house.Brew Crew Only!
RT : right on! I don't work this weekend so I can stop by and you could show me some stuff bro << no homo?
Oh got ya...so the ballet class was for the kid? I was thinking that was YOUR ballet class haha! Have a Happy Easter!
The greatest friend you can have is Jesus .
Don't tell student what's appropriate, have them tell you. Let them think for God's sake.
I see friend! Keep following
Falling deeper and deeper
You got it!
I did I did!! And tomorrow when I can't walk... I'll know ;)
does want!
Do you believe in professional and friendly relations simultaneously?
follow me! (on twitter). :)
Great opening montage at CBS.
lmao i do tht all the time!!!
Weird I'm BFFs with myself. ROFL! XD
I've low tolerance for everything, including low tolerance.
#ruby #rails #jobs #job - Why not do some window shopping for a new RoR job. Send your confidential resume to
Haha! Yep that was it. Means a lot to me. Thanks.
Maybe Clint can do a commercial for those GE employees when their plant closes.
I on the other hand am a wuss.....
May prosperity be yours now and forever!
December 24th, 9 PM, Eastern Standard Time, From here on in, I shoot without a script, See if anything comes of it... Instead of my old shit
(>°.°)> its a ghost chasing mee lol.... Paranormal state funny!
HEY JACOB!!! pay attention too Atlanta. youu live here!
This is the BEST Packers game ever!!!
Okay fine Ill go to bed now
Have had a serious case of the blahs this week. Finally back on track!
Civil engineering design teams working in Edinburgh, Southampton, lincolnshire, Worcester and London - the MT bus is all over the UK!
Lol @ KG. Glad the ref called that.
SCRATCH THAT, MORE THAN THIS MUSIC VIDEO TOMORROW!!!!
"Great souls have wills; feeble ones have only wishes."- Chinese Proverb
Do I be a good girlfriend and wait...or just go for it? Season 2
More college basketball action on tap tonight. Some very good games. Can #UCLA upset #7 #Villanova?
I don' t ever get to talk to you guys anymore. Hope you're doing well!!
Going to lunch means I gotta put my other shoe on.
NBC picked up "Up All Night" for a full season. It's a great place to work every day!
I'm calling the Twitter police. Looks like ur stealing people's tweets!!You can't RT and not say who retweeted it!! LOL
#nmsplc #nms30 we need to provide our standards as ingredients and all the students the power to create the final product
#TwSIG Twitter is community centric. Community is developing. Building community. Important part about being in real time helps.
Do Women Really Make Better Car Choices Than Men? - DailyFinance
Thanks Jocelyn. I feel fancy. LOL!
which one?
Happy to hear it, Katherine! Your kind words are appreciated. Reach out to us whenever you may need. And until then,
not doing anything that awesome! Lol. Stuck at work. I know. We're never on here. Usually on Facebook.
I really found books by to be super helpful when starting out. I still refer to many of the today!
#actors, learn to say 'yes'.
is funny as fuck. Period. Follow this hysterical shit & #laughallday !!
aw thanks <33
TURTLES! Go help get some more followers!
PfefferFeff Had Great Time game tonite with and some Mandi girl.
#Brewers lose 6-1 and fall to 12-17 on the year. Estrada gets the loss.
we got plenty of time for another one, maybe two. If they could avoid the week ends though, I would appreciate !
Is it sad that I just watched Tuesday's episode of The View on Hulu? I can sure waste a day.
** Apple bans cellphone radiation detection app from &#39;App Store ...
You not sleep yet?
If the Malice at the Palace happened today Skip Bayless, Stephen A. Smith, and would have the 1st circle jerk on live TV.
waaaaah, I forgot my music homework at my locker , I was supposed to do 3 worksheets and an essay fml </3
I sent him a message. ^^ hopefully he'll see it.
Jason: oh i see ur playing hard 2 get, I DIG THAT Me: -.- FRANK theres someone id like u 2 meet! J: :o
Hey Jason...It's Kimberly King at CBS/KFMB -TV....Hope ur well! Would luv to bump in with ur new music on our AM show. Need OK!
Many a man in love with a dimple makes a mistake of marrying the whole girl - Stephen Leacock
Hey .. RT : Phil tell Heller if he re-tweets anymore country garbage I am unfollowing lol
that's a mirror, Holmes
IF I HAD A DOLLAR FOR EVER TIME I NEEDED A DOLLAR , I WOULDNT NEED A DOLLAR
Dear Friends, it has been nice knowing you. Tonight, I go to a place I am needed more. Where dragons roam. Tonight, I am Dovahkiin
Thanks for making me believe in my self And to say never say never! I love you ;)
whatever place that works best for you sir
Love is Love i love my love my love is u so i love u :D
Imma big fan!!! Can you PLEASE follow me back??
Shout out to our 1000th follower here at Latest-Hiphop!! Thanks for all the support once again guys, REALLY appreciated..
thank you!!
I feel like maybe the rain is about to let up I hope so cuz it had been a dark cloud over me lately smh
i have like twitter rampages at like 3am every night... that's what happens when you don't sleep like a normal person..
just realized you guys are #GoldCoastFinest and #GoldCoastsFamily!!(:
More upsets for !! Loving Michigan falling to Ohio University!
shit, I'm a man with proud, you don't do shit like that. I was jus f#%*in them girls, I was gone get right back!
Italian pizza that this is really disgusting, but in a few years go to live in los angeles <3 <3
won't you load photos from #drewrysbluff. There's some good stuff here!
The website keeps getting better & better! Check che check che check che check it out!
i ask u a motherfucking question bitch answwr me
It's my Friday and we have another busy weekend ahead of us. Can't wait for Sunday...
At the mall looking at the terrified children forced to encounter this thing called Easter Bunny.
i meanyeah. it ca be like a triabl meeting only we're a country. did thth make sense?
RT : The Lobos are the only football team in the conference without a game on the Mountain West television schedule.
There are also privacy issues when teacher/student communication is visible to all.
Love it, Wendy. Did I ever tell you I used to make dioramas of my dream life? I wish I still had them...
If Blake can ever get a consistent jumpshot. Man.
Yay Woody Allen!!! Beautiful screenplay #oscars. I'll be sitting on my steps at midnight hoping that happens to me
Aw, snap! The 2nd amendment makes the Super Bowl and it wasn't an NRA ad! Who would have predicted that?!
You need to mind your own business.
no...just took a bite...lol..
Hey girl! how's Mom day going for ya?
Two days til ! Ratting my hair now. Hope I finish!!
mugshots. Nice!
Papa's Got a Brand New Bag (it's a Louis Vuitton!)
hey justin i loved your wax twin he is hott just like u the muesum did a awesome job on your twin !! love u have fun on tour
singing all your favorites right now at Amber! ;)
Very excited about the house show in Cleveland tonight.
#np "Summer Breeze" by
OMG do you have an ooVoo ?
RT : #iste11 Get together w/ friends & take the Liberty Trail Evening Tour Mon or Tues nights after a day of amazing sessions!
Ah, shucks. RT For updates on his amazing party photos, appearances, and other tidbits, follow my good friend
Whats some funny pick up lines you've heard before?
tell him I said thank u!
Sunshine + a convertible = ____________________
no really thank you!
Lightning talk: Kelly - State Museum of Archaeology. Planning #Warof1812 events. Cell phone audio tour created with a class.
how I envy you.
We send our condolences for your loss. Fl. Harold was a great brother of Groove Phi Groove.
so tommorow morning im getting jamba juice, it should be a good day :)
An episode of Dean's List was filmed on campus on March 14. It airs today at noon. We'll post a link to the video when it's available.
MahoneOnEllen is trending worldwide!! Please consider having on your show :)
did u get that treatment i sent you
Then my husband woke up, which woke up our record player, which woke up an animal collective album, which made the dog howl...
If you can make a girl laugh – you can make her do anything. Marilyn Monroe
I hate you
Colby Gottert: the big picture is that the world needs more world citizens
So you were the 1729th person to want a mathteacher handle or were your born in 1729? :)
RT : We've partnered up with to host the Wild & Scenic Film Fest 4.19. Proceeds go to
Wow, my inbox is already flooded with blessings about the Big DIG! Thank you for your continual prayers and support.
i get it. i think "security" is false though. inhibits trust and elevates collective paranoia.
Pardon the swag. Weezy!
yo man I loved the video! Such a great concept too
Good Morning!! How's your day today????
Thanks! Glad to see organizations like this!
Hmm #futurecollegeclass... basically any of the classes my dad is inventing. They don't make sense to me.
Got school today:/ Christmas break needs too hurry and be here already.
same jus got a lil headache doe but its nothin
I can't remember I could ask my cousin when he wakes up I was very young when I went last :(
When are you coming to #Buzzcut country?
Happy April Fool's Day!!!
Happy in my skin! Love yourself and others will too.
RT : If at first you don't succeed, try, try again
Finally heard Charles Fambrough "The Charmer" this morning, brought back memories of hearing Perrillo's trio every week. Dots connecting...
One of the classics of all time
By summer they stopped running #NewOrleans weekly and left #Treme for UNO in Lakefront. JYD left for WWF.
Happy National Taco Day! Must resist.. Inappropriate.. Joke <-problem with social media and followers I admire. I don't want to be THAT guy.
you won't write a great one without writing a bad one, so write as much and as many as possible.
Retarded means being Slow or Limited in Intellectual or Emotional Development ! If u don't like being called this word, STOP ACTN LIKE IT !
Thanks for the follow
and tomorrow is going to be a long day. site launch. ah times 1000.
I'm betting we wont see buter in a long time
Here is an example of a tweet!
Texas has legislative maps and a set primary date? Somebody wake me up...
aww cause Im with my friend,we're driving and I saw your car d:
Omg, #impracticaljokers. Best thing ever.
Seymour's Dakota Oskey of the Blaze can do a bit of everything. Very impressive player.
RT “: Oh, you love your girlfriend? Please, saturate my Facebook news feed with your feelings.”
Life is simple, its just not easy. ~Author Unknown
now accepting proposals for sound art installations by female artists. Spread the word!
Wake up, Mitt. RT : Romney responds to Obama's announcement: "I believe marriage is a relationship between a man and a woman.
On a mission to prove my intuition.It's poker night! Come on AA KK QQ JJ...
OMGOMGOMGOMG THEY HAD A ONE DIRECTION CLUE ON JEOPARDY.
Just found out Im going to be a manager of New Business and Innovation @ one of the TOP companies in the WORLD. GOD is AMAZING
Contest: Write a review for Kenichi on either our Yelp or Google page & in a tweet, link it to Winner gets a $50 gift card!
iPod at 5% at 5 am seems like a good reason to finally stop printing.
Quiet night tonight. Anyone have a suggestion for a movie?
“: Tip for a #Cancer: Find ways to take care of yourself. You'll be happier if you put yourself first.”
classic :) my favorite is the undertakers thirst for revenge is unquenchable
My buddy got us our studio equipment, said he got a 5 finger discount. I've been high-fiving cashiers since.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH for going to Haiti to help after the earthquake. Hats off to TeamRubicon!! :-)
As you know, you come into a film as a different person with the separation of a few years. I'm reading a book called How Fiction Works
Seriously don't wanna go to school today.. Too much bullshit /: ughh kill me now </3
cool no worries keep me posted. i got some more girls in chicago not sure how crazy you want to get . it should be fun!
hope everything goes okay
Good luck to our brothers in Madison! RT: “: T minus 30 minutes till softball game 2.. We got this.”
Fletcher Cox ability to penetrate quickly and also take on multiple blockers makes him ideal for #Eagles 4-3 d line.
Dont let me get in my zone, dont let me get in my zone, dont let me get in my zone!Im so bored yet i have 60 pages of history to study.
Mooning people on the bus!!! Nice job Jess!!(:
so the big question is, who do you guys think will get picked first tonight?
I really can't do much about this, can I? <U+E403>
Tonight! Earplane : LATIN - BRAZILIAN JAZZ 8:00PM Peter Kienle - Guitar Tom Clark - Sax Neil Heidler - Bass Lawrence Clark - Drums
Tebow as punt protector..
10 Things I Hate About You , You're so fucking lame .
and I'll remember u most of all scarecrow!
Just munched a 'Pink egg' road goodie worth 2 points!
Almost makes me want to join ALA. Congrats to both of you.
Wanna talk about true #klout? Traffic from a 2-yr old post about converts at TWICE the avg for refer traffic.
My sis was in that hospital most of her childhood. Good of you to give back. Pls let me know if i can help fundraise next year.
I don't wanna go to school <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
I just want something real..plain and simple!
Today's dessert for fine dining, cheesecake with strawberries and strawberry sorbet
Thanks...enjoy the sunny weekend!
Guys. For 8 flavahz and Angel, we should trend #RIPMamaGibs for TT
It's #addicting living a fast life knowing you can't slow down...
When do you graduate? I want my 4sq mayorship back. Bad, Badger, bad!
Read one of my older articles today, and I think my writing's taken a step back in the past month or so. Need to find a way to bounce back.
Paul van Dyk's new album Evolution is so beautiful, it makes me want to cry. He far surpasses previous albums w/ this one<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
How would the candidates deal with Iran or NK? Let's start with being able to find them both on a map.
Follow me! I will follow back!
OWS scum wants everyone to walk off their jobs tomorrow to celebrate communist day. GO FUCK YOURSELVES YOU VERMIN. I hope the cops hurt you
Great is the art of beginning, but greater is the art of ending.
Hahahah thanks brad that's funny lol you clearly do too!
hell even Reggie had one or two
that sounds great. I would love to hear more about your work and share my research plan with you. Interested in a skype chat?
lmao. Why would you do it? And what color would you get?
I listened to previews of some songs of yours on iTunes most of your songs r pretty gud but sound auto tuned
RT : RT : Buy beer... RT BRYCE HARPER JUST STOLE HOME. What can't this kid do?
once you figure out the rules to #Twitter, please let me know. Sometimes it feels like the Wild West around here.
Komen set Atlanta race dates. Has the national controversy with Planned Parenthood affected your decision to run?
Countdown to march madness. YES
they usually accuse me of overthinking too. So ur in good company
lmfao my dad is a caps fan & has already accepted defeat
always have a party on the Bamboo Deck! Happy hour rpices until 9:00 pm....see you there!
Wish I could sleep, insomnia sucks.
Worthwhile question just posed on the site: Which bottom-four seeded team (Flyers, Devils, Capitals, Kings) has best chance to win the Cup?
this dude fine as hell i hope that ugly ass aint his gf!
I follow my dreams cause what else is there to chase?
Pleasure to add you to my PLN and Twitter list! I anticipate joining ISTE very soon. Outstanding organization!!
I'll be on Sports Plus on and at 11:35pm tomorrow to talk about the end of the #Caps season and where they go from here
"The Beaver is split down the middle." Imagine that....... :-p
#IGetJealousOf all the cute gay boys.
"In the Air Tonight" by Phil Collins playing at TD Garden. My favorite song to get ready for a game.
Ghost Protocol is the best action movie I've seen in years. I'm not even kidding.
Hey how did the Patient Pooches event go today? We are so hopeful for Handsome and friends :)
I moved to a new state my sophmore year. Thats fucked up!
Thank you!!
OMG..... JFDHSDFHKFHIUERYW NO ITS NOT THAT... LMFAO EVEN BETTER =O STFU
Ha that complicates things. If you can't get into acct. to delete it, tweet and say it's fake.
There are many benefits to becoming a Partner of the Tarpon Springs Chamber of Commerce!
Life is sweet - discovered hot lone werewolf and the best cupcakery coming to my hood
Take a picture of the screen to quickly save anything that is being shared on the screen
Thank you sir! RT : the shoes are feeling mighty fine to cruise in!
she seems a bit nutty.
I am stoked for the sorting out in the next 3 stages of the #tdf Go !
“: I didn't really iron my argyle. And, scene.”
Why would Catwoman want all that long, loose hair down her back? That's about as un-practical as nipples on a Bat suit.
Whenever Niall wears sweatpants he looks super attractive.
thx for coming by!!
very proud of ... I checked and no midnight tweets :) glad you got some rest
I ate strawberries with my breakfast today. If you know me, you know how out of place this is.
Dave Wyndorf of Monster Magnet will be a near-future guest on #BestShowWFMU after the marathon shows, but give give give to #TomThon !!
Not looking forward to what Microsoft will bring to Skype. More likely, they will bring higher prices and make unhappy customers.
How are Yahll ?:) think I can get the mahone crew to follow me on here ?
Happy Mother's Day!
“: : Miami,Boston, Chicago and New York have you dominated” yes there also fills with dick heads
or new spec sales?
RT : Christmas is a week away and it doesn't even feel like it (Year flies by way too fast. Try to make it fun!)
You want a killer hillbilly, I'll show you a killer hillbilly
awe ur welcome sis im glad all is well ;) I love u sis....! Just making sure ur okay.
Everybody want to be the star and Jealousy's a bitch.
Vitamin Water X: has always tasted like makeup. This is why I drink it.
#marionbarry Has no solutions, just plays the blame game.
I can't wait for this semester to be over. Only 3 more classes left of my undergraduate degree after these finals this week.
Our hours may be different, but our service is still the same! Come See Us!! Open Till 7!! *~ <3 ~*
Got yelled at in the library for being too loud with
Did any of u guys have any #Dreams before they were crushed??
New show added for tomorrow. We play the Norco Fair at 3pm. Hope to see you all there.
look again baby girl did
Saved the best for last?
We like riding #bikes in #PDX too! Exercise injuries can be #prevented through #chiropractic care. Come visit us in the #NW!
I'm so lost right now
I think if he didn't try to hide it with that headband no one would care
Thanks for the #FF!
One exam down, one more to go. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Really Miami Heat....Really?
Is XM really worth the money?
up to hear the birds chirping. beat the owls. mission complete.
ah i love eating there, top 3 favorite restaurants ever for me
It's amazing how much time it takes to write a one-word advertisement.
--- hey please follow me your biggest fan :)
State of Play starts off so strong but nosedives 35 min in. How disappointing.
I can't express how good it makes me feel when I take a song I wrote a long time ago, and apply it to my life today and it still feels real
Its actually somewhat nice out? What?!?
ok, I think I can find it
I like AJ Jefferson but he has lost his confidence since the Ravens game.
Can this true blue fan from TN get a RT on her 40th birthday? Enjoy all your tweets-Best Wishes!!!
Things are going great! About ten new tunes put down with Jamie and the boys. YES!!!
life is crazy but its how u deal with it....
'I Hate My Face' is trending. ahahahahhaaaa.
Yupp!! I'm all for Elise :)
Great. now Im starting to get the spam
You came to my life from heaven and now I think of u 24_7
Strapless bras <<<
it was nice except being surrounded by steeler fans everywhere!
Moms told me to quit my job because iam getting fucked moma knows best
yep trying to throw down in lexvegas with me? Lol
wow congrats guys!!
Happy Birthday amigo!
Too upset
do it! Try something new.
She on a dopeman dick cause imma nigga with a sack
i don't know then.
The more I fall in love with Jesus, the more I'm overwhelmed by His presence.
followed :D
When life gives you lemons, make grape juice. Then sit back and let the world wonder how you did it
Shoot Me Now.
Real talk. Sleep is for undergrads...
That's one of the reasons why I'm still stalling on having a gf I just can't deal with the stress with other niggas again comin in between
Buses are too slow need a car
i enjoyed the video, i hope you do bar mitzvahs
Best clam chowder in town!!!!
RT : #Cancer's are great listeners and advisers, even when people get tired of listening to them whine.
says that littering is the first sign of depression
There's always that one person, no matter how long it's been or how things ended, they will always have your <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>.
#ifidiedtommorow id fly to Australia to swim with great white sharks
Think I'll head down to Join me there if you like!
And you have a new baby girl?
Pickles taste electric
: HR 2366, Rep. Barton's Online #Poker Act, reduces #deficit and increases personal liberty. Please support!
BLOCK: Speaker requested agenda item at 2day's #CSU Trustee mtg 2 revu campus climate policies 2 keep students safe and limit hateful acts.
OH: What's your Twitter handle? Hm...that's a good question; I haven't talked to anyone in the real world in a while; I'm not sure...
On the way to new york!!!!!<U+2708>
Yes, they do have a mind of their own!
Sometimes I feel like my mom doesn't care though.
You and I. You, you and I. I'd rather die, without you and I, I, I.
stop talking shit on twitter before I beat yo ass with a hashtag.
YOU'RE NOT ON FIRE CALM DOWN
Shallow hall is on. Love this movie!!!
Epic hat bro.
Shopped at KellersFarmStore in #ABQ & cant believe I just spent $16 on Buffalo Brats & Buns. Just couldnt afford the bag of chips & drinks.
Lovee Mexican food !
Survive and Advance. On to St. Louis...
What's for lunch? Get out to Label 7 today! Yes! We are OPEN! Perfect place to RELAX!
Amen, sister!
Are you a Senior looking to move to Mass after graduation? Come hear on making the move @ Classroom Bldg 205 today at 6pm!
Do buses and trains run on time? Usually, yes. No, they don't. Buses run on wheels and trains run on the tracks.
straight mans expectations. lets be real.
hahaaa yep tropical Meth and ur famous coke cake
Good Morning ^_^
Nintendo WORLD? =O
Question for Rebecca: Do you have a plan for making new members feel more connected and welcome?
I could have tons of notebooks about everyone I know,and who they really are...
Thanks We're grateful for your support!
At rehearsals
wise move. All the info is avail to support you
why would you even...? -___-
pretty lame. I've reported you for spam.
It's official! We broke the snow record. Most snow in Anchorage in recorded history.
Thanks for the Follow, Walk The Walk Sounds like something I'm going to have to Pick Up!!
I'm watching you right now
couldn't be more true....
Reviewing content for our new site. Holy canoli we're on to something here folks. Cannot wait to get this live.
Keep your fears to yourself, but share your inspiration with others."~Robert Louis Stevenson
So jealous! Have fun!
ahh ok. i'm all antsy pants. I have my fb chat on too
Excited to film 2 shows tomorrow- conserving all my energy for them!
WHAT???? The Colts are taking Luck???
it's still in one piece
Shawn still stuck in 2011 postseason it looks like
I know right! I really want a white christmas!
“: "What you've been through is a great indication of who you're called to be." ”
I think I may have broken the TV remote when I threw it last night.
16: You are pretty! We should defffinatley talk more :)
i have a million things i wanna say but probably shouldnt
Just checking to see how the book marketing is going? Since I'm a week behind, I saw you had some interest from agent?
CEO throwing out 1st pitch at Cubs game today...What, no invite for us? I'll just enjoy an Old Style while watching the game on TV!
I should record an album all dedicated to Mario...i will post a few songs
Oddly silent during Sizemore's talk. Were you insulted by the reference to your cone-shaped head? ;-)
big office moving day. moving forces me to throw stuff away. not enough, but it is a good start.
Shooting fed story in the rain
If white would die the UFC and Pride would explode with popularity
Yum!! RT : Can't wait to catch up with at #HungryCat - Meow
The girl who sits by me in Chemistry is so annoying. I might strangle her if she doesn't shut the hell up.
oh for sure.....you going to shaggfest right?
You guys are amazing! Where are your American counterparts? Seriously. I'm looking for them.
Don't make me put you in a headlock..
Have you heard of #Movember?
jordan farmar, a good energy bench player
just finished up recording the vocals for "no more shadows"
love you, praying with you. The best is yet to come!
guys with long fingernails <<<
Where df is >:O
Checking out the Social Media Communication Forum at ACC. "Is the social media bubble about to burst?" Asks at
i no wen a compliment is well deserved
HOT POCKET
RT : Hamburger, Bacon, premium blend with the typical amount of mozz...
Hello to my new followers! Any fun plans for the weekend?
Happy birthday, author & friend! Favorite birthday memory? (Ex: When I was 5 my mom made yarn Raggedy Ann wigs for everyone.)
Hey guess what!! It's not raining in Madison anymore...it's snowing.
I don't think these seats can handle my booty earhtquake!!
just called a nigga by mistake & left a 2 min voicemail.
Got an iTunes card....cant read it...yay! -__-
Love that song! It's so amazing.
kilowatts of excitement generated by the girls' camp today; our goal: sustainable inquiry-driven energy :) code=immediate feedback
Why do I always fall asleep soo early?!/:
I've decided that I really need a mentor. Now taking applications.
I like plan A way more than Plan B
Back in LA 3 auditions today (1 for a new pilot) and some ADR work on a commercial
wondering if we need to strategize posting, etc... tweets r too short :)
QoTD: "Tell me what company you keep and I'll tell you what you are." (Cervantes)
Really? Very cool!! That's such a great movie, I haven't seen it in ages, though.
AIR AND SEA SHOW TIME YEAH BUDDY!
Crap. I've avoided getting HBO this long. But I just saw the trailer for The Newsroom. It's going to be Joss Whedon next, isn't it?
yes, sitting at a CTA warming bus. I am on the 5thfloor and you could smell the smoke when we got out “: You ok?”
It shouldn't be used as tool to slaughter
A1.pt2 I wouldn't change it for the world now, I love supporting artist!
I blame
We’re looking forward to your tweets! How was your weekend?
“They treated me like a king…they have a great basketball program here,” Wiggins told NPH.
Congrats to the UW-La Crosse women's and men's track and field teams for taking home the WIAC title.
It's my first time! I'm a little too excited.
What is your favorite pet-related t-shirt saying?
Thanks for sharing the post! Turkey went great! He loved it. Thank you for asking!!
You still can't shut your whore mouth can you? I guess your vagina was flapping so loud you couldn't hear us telling you to fuck off.
RT : This whole week/weekend was so different, i loved it. :) Thanks :))
Its a little too windy for my liking
SVU was creepier than usual this week.
Happy Mother's Day!
"Anger is the wind that blows out the candle of the mind"
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYMICHEAL I love you
Why is the local news reporting on a Florida otter "attack" that neither frightened nor severely injured the "victim"?!
Politics is for the present, but an equation is for eternity. -- Albert Einstein
gots driving swag thought you didnt have a license?
A little 2k12
Ha. Good point RT Lyes8086Anyone else find a coincidence that the only tm in the NFL w/ a jail in house would sign Vick?
Somewhere outside of town. It's free :)
Chico Mendes, #Gandhi of the Amazon, who made the connection between the "cry of the poor" and the "cry of the earth". Killed 12/22/88
how bout a rescue? (no buy Shiba Inu in LA)
It was wonderful wasn't! And it has my gal crush in it too! x
Um flamming hot cheetos sound fricken amazing right now...
I don't think anyone should hold their breath.
that would be sweet to watch the beach boys! How much are tickets??
everyone i know is trying to shop on it's bonkers. no one is succeeding.
We are the Super Bowl car commercial that lasts all year long.
Sometimes my weiner has a mind of it's own. I hope it doesn't hack my twitter account and send out head shots to random girls.
Got a terrible triad on Mo-Rivera? "complications" in his exam today. Could be a career ender.
vote for me on MSG Varsity Talent Show!! channel 14 at 6:00 Sun. on MAY 1ST!
is that a piper 140?
Dude ,that avitar is fucking CLASSIC
Fit Fact: Drink your vegetables! Grab a v8 and get a daily dose of veggies in with a drink!
It's official .. I hate my life!
RHCP Jam With Slash, Ron Wood, George Clinton and Green Day Singer Recap
Where are the cute little rescued ducklings you're covering tonight?
- Hello durrrr. :P
my favorite!! Coco pebbles pretty good also!!
Attended the Charleston Area Alliance's Speed Networking with the Stars - great event! I've attended all three years and already looking fo…
7 home games next year for bearcats football, thats like an ohio state kinda schedule.
It's Super Tuesday - what would you like to hear the candidates to talk about?
thanks for the RT!
hell yeah twitter is going to be so much fun now that you're back doll <3
Thanks for your thought provoking tweets. You seem gorgeous inside and out!
I know, why don't we talk anymore?! Grr
#IfSnoopWasASteeler he wouldn't get fined for a big hit he would get fined for a huge hit of kush
dude don't get butt hurt cause I don't like you
Drinking beer in the bathtub. Merry Christmas, muthaf*ckas!
why has my sexuality been questioned so much lately? wtffff.
RT Stop being afraid that u ain't gon have no friends when actuality, u may end up w/ better ones.
Cancers kill !!
needs to get better at normal on marvel vs capcom 3 so he can't complain when I beat his ass lol
This song is amazing :) I love it!
you know that Nutella is lot higher in calories than people think.
Can we all say .... PUPPIES!
WOW!! Awesome time meeting everyone 'in person' at the #C21GC #tweetup!!!
People who can't hold a conversation. <<<
#SLA Wondering where the SLA Asian Chapter online social network presence is at...
RT Feed a dream. Starve a doubt.
PLEASE LET ME LOVE YOU
#night twitter (:
asdfghjkl we get to creep him all day! ;)
When the other person isnt there, sometimes we tend to make up their side of the conversation... Which really isnt fair to either one of us.
"Even the sun sets in paradise"
awesome! I hope you enjoy it. Let me know what you think.
Radiologic Technology Online
Fuck you english, your the only thing keeping me from my inner peace! #SprinBreak'12 bitches
Cuomo says food is a basic human right. New york is "the progressive capital of the nation."
Man there's some Laker fans on Twitter that can't come to terms with what's happening in the OKC series!
justin bieber is still not following me:(
congratulations! Love this jubilant pic!
At the park!
Wow, a PoCo crit of the 10am hour on Cooking Channel would be a great topic for an undergrad media studies paper....
We would like to offer our assistance to your patients in need of prescription assistance.
Oh, good thing!
i will be sleeping while you guys are working, well, hopefully. insomnia sucks
No one ever said it would be this hard
Real leaders view themselves as part of the team - they're simply role players who have a job to do...
JUST WATCHED YOUR BEHIND THE MUSIC I ADMIRE YOUR HARD WORK AND DEDICATION...
Condolences to you and your family from all of your friends at Fox 5 in Las Vegas.
Alternative: Pepino's! RT :I need to marry a white boy with a Mexican family so i that they can make me a burrito everyday.
Auto Insurance Leads - how many years the prospect has been driving, and how much they are currently paying for car insurance.
Quote of the day: If I believed everything movies told me i'd be REALLY sad I didn't get a letter from #hogwarts when I was 11-
First day back and everyone is getting fratastic
Lesson of the day: It doesn't matter what hole you're fucking or being fucked in, just fuck!
bad girl! sit. stay! ;}
“: Stayin' up all night partyin' with ” same
Ahaha chayla has us rocking out to the
Obama is faulted for changing his stance. It's like gays who come out and are faulted for not having been honest. Onward and upward, y'all.
When you single your obligated to do what ever the hell you want and say what you please . So hop off my P !
Great crowd
- I thought it was permanent. I never get unsolicited calls at my number...
who will watch my band singing 1D what makes you you beautiful if we post it tonight
Thanks ! And same ! I tweeted RadioNow1009 on my personal a few weeks ago & told them to bring him back & he said its a ...
Went to Sedona yesterday with mom and dad. We went on a Hummer tour and to one of Rachel Ray's picks on $40 A Day.
I do realize it may be the only way to get 3 forwards on the field instead of two but it doesnt look like a 4-3-3 but 4-5-1
No school for me today.....sick hate being sick!
The winos that we are! Hahahaa...
dude are you watching the S&M thing?! So crazy!
DOING WHAT I HAVE TO DO TO GET WHAT I NEED DON
<--31 years old in 2 months!
"You live longer once you realize that any time spent being unhappy is wasted.” Ruth E. Renkl
yes pick him!!!! :D RT: : Pick me SMG :D I want to get BINGONIZED this FRI w/Bingoplayers I want to WIN
Better to lose a lover than love a loser.
is there a #pubmedia theme tonight? trying to decide if i should stick around
Our #yearnings can be a compass guiding us to true fulfillment on our Adventure -- if only we can learn to heed them.
they needed an American girl (voice) and I was it!! Yay! Hope you're having a great day
ALL things are possible through God!!
I'm Clean & Dope Like Heroin Soap
lol I'm done with you Alexis.
you'll be happy one day. And I hope it's really soon.
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
Thanks for the tweet about the MJ tribute. Interviewed BEP a couple of years ago in Miami. Great musicians. Nice people.
“: #BecauseItsInTheCup” or can. I'll bring a cup tomorrow. Glad someone is on my level of wittiness.
'Black_History' promotes truth no matter how hateful you may think, #ya'll-hatin-on-me, but does not support violent hate groups Bl or White
Marlboro Blacks are not bad.
On The Border hit the spot.. so glad we shared it with & the fam :)
Of course. Everything is al my fault.
I think Portland needs a unit test evangelist support group.
I love TheVoice and can't stand American Idol.
Just leaving a Louisville Magic AAU practice. #UofL commit Quentin Snider continues to grow...18 pounds in 8 months.
Really wish I had HBO so I could watch Game of Thrones.
Oh my god!! Go new England!!!
Of course!!! I thought everyone did :P
I want you.
Going to watch The Avengers tonight and of course go eat at Mallards .
put the pussy tuh sleep call dat shit a cat nap
i loved your friday five! i'm trying to place the first time i got it via a listserv or something..
So for my scam, everyone suggested using a picture of a hot girl. Guys, am I not attractive enough?
Mandie & Madison kissed? Guess what? My mom bought me a unicorn...
Shoes can be replaced, but you're the only Sara we have.
Most engagement on a FB page comes from posts that are 60 characters or less.
I don't know if signing a one-year-old's cast is cute or not, but I got a kick out of it.
103 degrees registered today at your Home & Studio. Playroom was stifling. How did you manage to live there with no AC?
And no pirates!
hey sup bro??!! Lop
The Best Buy near Metro North in KC is closing after years of service. It's too bad.
blackguysrockMr. Kendall Good Morming people of GOD..Nothing leaves Heaven until something leaves Earth. Prayers must go up!
- We The BESHT.
Theyre a gr8 final 4 team! CATS all the way! #championships #BBN #goCats RT : . I got the scholarship to ohio state
Alex thanks for the RT
Tried , trifecta of coffee was excellent. Kid friendly as well.
your new cuff looks awesome!!
like steelers draft?
hope this is an April fools joke
can i ask u something?!?!
I'm up late working on a script.
Its Foggy Ass Hell Dis Mornin
Turned in my last paper for the foreseeable future. Wow. I'm actually done...
It's time to update my music on my iPhone
you got it! Great food btw
ugh my mom is so jealous that i love you so much hahah <3
sweet poster.
Patron wanted Consumer Report report on vinyl windows.
Janet Evanovich makes me laugh and have a generally sassier attitude...
Haha I'm with ya on that one!
The world is full of happiness that I have never known
Your greatness is given to you by God. You need only be grateful to receive it.
Go Tony Gumbo and SWAT
Excited to attend the #gloriaawards tonight hosted by & !
Had a good time playing Pokatok with the brothers @ Phi Iota Alpha @ Cal-Pomona on Friday. Thnx 4 the hospitality!
Started evaluating Adobe #Lightroom 4 beta today.
Oh well hi Jared(: That's my kinda cousins name only he's in 3rd grade I think xD I have a bad memory lol
best day of my life :')
You and McNabb gotta quit sexting
We r the youth of the nation!!
That was my 707 OG cloud!
#odd arcane laws: Alaska law says that you can't look at a moose from an airplane.
My smart phone is actually kind of dumb. If you need to reach me just yell out your window you'll have just as good a chance
I'm just playing in Iowa. Doing well. Having playtime often.
HEY WHATS TELL WHAT U THINK ABOUT THE NEW AVI
There is alway one point in the day when someone is spamming twitter with there thoughts. Mine just happens to be at 8:00 in the morning.
Very disappointed with the Victorias Secret Fashion show last night. They blurred out all the butt cheeks! WTH is the point of watching!??
Time for a new broadcast crew!!! RT : Canada. Brazil. Brazil. Canada. Brian. Ryan.
We are will to continue spreading the word about our work..
Thank you! We appreciate the tweet :)
I hate the rain.
New bar where the port o subs used to be is called Bar. They're open & giving away shots of good stuff.
Today, I find myself happily bank rolled.
Stop the violence in new Orleans Please
son has cerebral palsy and accesses fiction with audio books,we will use Kindle2 for newspapers and audio books for fiction.
I just got invited to a health care reform event this evening. Let me see...healthcare reform event or softball game.
Tonight's homework assignment: design a webpage. I'm staring at a block of html that does nothing. AUGH.
hahahaha well yup that was random enough for me!!
Still working on my homework for . Some days the words just don't want to do my bidding.
Came 2nd place in a competition against school orchestras n bands across the country
Girls are cool.
Don't feel bad, app isn't useful in #Indy because no trucks are listed. I wonder how u get on the radar.
No way you are behind JPD - you have a marvelous ability to let the game speak for itself. Great to see you get your props
Fml fml fml every time I think i'm over him, he just makes me fall again
Cool, me too! Are you working on any TV show? :)
haven't tried diet, but your tweets made me try crossfit, down 6 lbs in two weeks.
Halftime score: B-Unit 91 Little Steel derby girls 28
Really proud of the Rams. Awesome run, guys.
I don't wanna be a snob here, but do we really want to rethink who can make art? What about quality in any medium?
Thank you so so much!! We appreciate you checking us out :)
When you pray make sure that is a dialog. Pray n then listen.
The past few days<<<<<
RT : Money isnt the answer. We have to change the way teachers approach students & curriculum, & we must stay cutting-edge.
Don't know what to do abt opening day tix. Have always walked up & got in. That includes multiple years & last days of season too.. risk it?
Thanks ! Heart you right back!
My sis is foolish and my mom is gullible she called n told her I was up here fighting my mom got here in like 10 minutes locked and loaded
A woman is like a teabag—only in hot water do you realize how strong she is. Nancy Reagan
Via Vin Scully called Micky Mantle's debut in 1951 and will call Bryce Harper's debut tonight. What an incredible career.
that's wat I know
overall this has been a great month. sweet.
U said: I have lost it!!! Hearing Lisa from Friday nights Bret Michaels Skankfest!
Intoxicated with desire…you're the designated driver
#BBN #WeAreUK let's do work tonight!!
Hey we can hang in like half an hour forty five minutes? Tommys coming?
OK. What site are you finding these on? I must know!
All my music is digitized, but I feel robbed when the digital album costs as much as the CD. I'll buy the CD every time.
life be so much better if i can just see my dad for 2 seconds it would mean the world to me.
he's very good, too bad he wasn't there with Idris Elba (aka Luther)
Omg. Just folded 77 pre on button to an open of 4x in mp and the flop came 75j. It runs out 3,5. He has JJ!!
To be honest, Im on 's side!
Sam Bayard. He was a prof at Penn State. He essentially boiled all Anglo fiddle tunes down into 4 tune families.
What if horse shit tasted like bacon and you earned 1 dollar for every horse shit nugget you ate? How many would you eat?
A1: He was unprofessional and displayed a lack of morals. What a joke!
Mike what pic are u talking about? People keep asking and I think I may have been hacked?
Silences make the real conversations between friends
Ha! Love it!!
Brittany!!! Plz audition for Idol next year!! ;)
According to Alliance for Excellent Education, Rural high school dropout rates are still 2 high and college enrollment rates 2 low.
MECHANICAL BULL. lezzzz do it!
Congratulations to SAG and AFTRA professionals on the marriage of the Guild and the Federation.
no..it didn't appear that I was able to get out of bkey, today.
When we receive God's gift of life by relying on Christ, we find God comes to act with us as we rely on him in our actions: Willard
RT : Less Love, More Sex, No Calls, Jus Txts, New Date, No Ex, More Sleep, No Stress..
Agreed! : I wish it was socially acceptable to wear sunglasses on the subway
Got a black stripe. Mastered 3.5, hopefully judo next week.Attempting to convert Master to vegetarian. he's trying my recipes. it's a start!
I attacked a bird today. It was.....oh gotta go, the ambulance is here.
RT : In the seventh round, the #Bears select CB Greg McCoy.
May Raffle! I will be giving out $25 giftcards to Starbucks, how? Let's meet in person for 20 mins to be included in the hat. Ends May 31
I am well. Busy. But good. Let's try to get together. I'd love to see you!
I'll be waiting:)
Thank you #Draymond Green for 4 great years at #MSU and for staying in school. You are a great player and role model.
I want Aoki to pitch.
hahaha! "uhm sir.. sir this ride is over" *snore* "SIR I need you to wake up... now"
Kudos to for putting a breastfeeding mom on the cover. It would have been more beneficial to show a 1-year old.
Amen to every tweet that you've had since XO til we overdose.
Adrian Gonzalez -- first #RedSox HR of the year.
G'Morning Tweepz!
thank you! Merry Christmas to you too!
I've got an azz in my face...
Yes, we have been running a nook & kindle lending program for the past year
ha, I don't blame you. I actually bought a second laptop charger to keep in my car :/ also, yes ma'am. Will do.
Amber Lynn. <3
oh man, my teleporter is in the shop, tell me stories about the #occupyboston library!
“: Hey watch it. This is a family show. RT : Good to know I'm in the sexy group as a right thumber #VASHRM12” PG-13 here
Got a nice profit out of the #GBPJPY. Let's see how far this pullback goes.
thanks Marcello <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
We were going to go to Mo's Irish Pub & catch a bus ride there. How about you?
Trump go away! RT : Back in the Boardroom!
I can do both ... I'm a multi-tasker like that. ;)
That burst of happiness.<3
S/o to my 500th Follower
. One routine you've maintained through this time; having great blogs!
Im on that pimp c im on that Dj screw I'm on that big hawk
you should probably bring him back. Everyone loves chainmail & frankensteiners.
Mnf are you ready??
Today's Wikipedia article on Living Colour brought to you by Emmet.
This gurl need to take her own advice " I was still talking" AND!!!
not yet! What's up
I was said to hear of Dick Clarks passing today, how are you doing? feeling ok? we will miss him big time huh? take care Lee
It's taken a lot of work to make The Office this bad
haha we will bud
Funny video describing nightmare website relaunch with versioning tangles Road Trip
Will Be the Best in His Class When Its All Said And Done.
Do you have a programmable thermostat at home?
When my mom even thinks about graduating from mdc with me. #scarredforlife <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
No carnival is complete without funnel cakes! #GetSome mini funnel cakes w/powdered sugar at WBC compliments of
Brausse Group welcomes new US Distributor PressAccess. www.BRAUSSE.com
you will forever be my girl #sothankfull for you...dont evet forget that. Stay beautiful younginn
Someone call Chris Hanson and tell him Steven Tyler is a predator.
“: here's to the kids who are nice but get treated like shit.”
Countdown to the Shutdown. Clock is ticking.....
I wanted to apologise for the unrelated twitter posts made this past week. I will try to stay on target, and give you some good stuff ONLY
I hate the judges table
On a Segway Tour with Absolutely Chicago Segway Tours!
RT : #Aquarius anger is cold and calculating, almost not anger at all, more like a focused explosion and its terrible
Oh lord, got a Baby Beyonce on it's way.
Today my friend and I were talking about the shows we like on Disney Junior and how we have no life (:
Butterflies can't see their wings. They can't see how beautiful they are, but everyone else can. People are like that too.
<-And he loves it that way!
My Bengals have the best draft this year
Going to my first job tonight!! Less than one hour! I'm nervous!
Now it's Thea (M) on a powerjam (Rotties jammer in bin), waiting to see just how much she can capitalize
in june. Will keep you posted. Applied to Logan Sq & Andersonville. Can't wait. Benefit at Quenchers on April 22 :)
I'll be there.
I'm so lucky I get to spend for forever with <3
What!??!** omg & are amazing dancers and they got eliminated :( but you guys gonna be in tour so that's good :D Much love!
yea cam get it, she wants the reverse 69 kid!!! Lol sabrina special
That's awesome! I want to do that. Where are you taking the classes?
wish I could say tha same :( lol
I'm very amused by the idea of a mall
Anyone hiked #OldRagMountain in VA? On a scale of 1-10, how expert is the trail (and don't sugar coat it, I'm a beginner)
RE: Broncos. Thanks for the heads up. Not a surprise. A horrible coach.
How many do you have signed up so far? RT: Do it, it will be a blast....
I'm at a lost for words. #Salute to Mayor Maynard Jackson's family.
Haha! Love that idea! RT I'd like to be buried in Yves Saint Laurent!
It's Halloween weekend, time to party it up!!!
Only three hours left at work. Maybe I can do this
You remind me of the babe...
If you don't see the roster on the main page, please refresh the page in your browser. This should fix the issue!
#sadbuttrue Yep - Seems that... "Love is all around..."
“: Oh you spend all your time tweeting members of One Direction? Im sure you'll find a real boyfriend soon.” omg lmao so true
hey , vane!
You know they HEATED!!! <U+E416><U+E416><U+E11A> RT Dear Cleveland Cavs Fans, are you watching the NBA Finals ?? or you mad??
I guess I could look into the cost of changing my flights. #regretsbuyingcheapticket /cc
He doesn't know how hard it is to make it look so easy.</3
Pizza Rolls!(:
Shit I need a new job
Convenient friends, I dont even need you phonies, so get lost.
If more people kept what said top of mind, so many problems could be avoided
A Youth Coach told me today, "If we admit we've been teaching tackling wrong we are liable for past injuries" Wow, no ACCOUNTABILITY
ahh what channel. I own that movie, prolly watch it every other month. So amazing that it's a true story as well
Thanks for the RT, Adam! I've never said this, but your Twitter background is sweet!
It's these supernatural religious occasions that cause me to wonder how smart people really are.
#YouShouldNot sign a recall petition against
y'all scared to go to bongos 2maro night
how in the heck are you ?
The trouble is that some mental health problems may not be detected normally but surface in crisis situations.
mike is behind everything like thinking his BMW is quick
So turns out Matt Flynn is real good.
Don't know why I even follow as he ignores me. sad, really sad to think that some fans are better than others I guess.
i might delete this account..... or give it to someone...
yes sounds gr8! I have to jet right after .. We'll connect IRL next time. So glad I came to this event. Insightful!
. argues that today's emerging artists need access to technology. Such support may help later preservation efforts.
Excited For New Jonas Album 4
Thanks RT : Big S/O to my agents and David Lee..couldn't have found better people to represent me..
If Mercury crashed in to Venus, would that eff sh*t up for us?
I grabbed a pen and an old napkin and I, wrote down our song. -Taylor Swift
“: you're following me! ahh! will you please look up mamag005 on YouTube and let me know what u think?" I tried but it didnt work
I'll change your life.
hungry though
late entry off the podcast for the SI cover: bubba-bang-biscuit!
We've moved the Custom Message Editor to CodeSquare Forever Free! Everyone loves a #freebie when it comes to super-powered
good one huh?
Yeah I sure amm
If I survive tomorrow, it will be a miracle!
#random i feel like singing...sweethomealabama
Any twitterrs out there going to Viva Las Vegas? I'll be there!
is in pro se hell.
My Uncles are the sweetest.
we have some other things in the works...
Mark Reynolds the base on balls master.
Woo hoo! Hopefully! :)
I can breathe now that Elise is safe. #theEliTes we've got some work to do.
The same thing that will make you laugh.....will make you cry
Are you going to get season tickets this year?!
Aw boo :( This week's episode was really strong, it seems like they're finally getting to the truth.
I'm sure they will. Be sure to get out there with the family and enjoy it yourself too.
haha was all that shit yours.??:o
U could ask the same question of Bowman.
oh my god <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0> feel better Chris <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
take it easy fellas
Gotta check out of #aecsm now, catch up with the transcript later! Thanks to you all for great convo and tips!
Zimmerman turned himself in?
(Kurt Warner voice)-"Thank you Jesus"
Patio open, happy hour now till 9pm, late night happy hour @ 9pm. Mucho much things happening and we getting down tonight at the PUB! Xeers
Happy Birthday to two amazing field organizers - and
completely agree!!! I was ready to see 10's!!!
If the TOTAL game score is under 100, do you get sushi?
“: awe here you two go!” don't be hatin
yeah but the thing is ...i dont carre that much about sports. so YAYYYYYY
#TUrnoff to much make up
YMI now might be a good time to buy!
Right? Trying to get our heads around it. Btw, we're at the printer now. Should be getting you some books soon :)
Yes RT : First hammock nap of the season complete. Bring on the summer.
Awesome! Can't wait to read it!
I now have Skype
She wants to take pics, so I'll tweet them. ;-)
you were awesome at the scooter race :)
Wooped. Lololol, well you sure you'd come?
And finally, I apologize in advance for the plethora of parenting tweets that are sure to come. But she's my world right now, so... yeah.
good looking
#iloveitwhen people hate on people they really admire!!!
I got the flu:(
Its ya boy (mr.suber-milwaukee) Follow me back kiddo
Go to your aunts or something. :p
Thank you! :)
#MUSICREVIEWS Estuary Heads - Weight Gain
If Thurston Howell I attacked gay teens it would be hard to like him. #Romney #YaleMan?
What a hoe
this angle is gettin crazy OLD! #hoodphrases this is some jerry springer shit
"SALUTE TO DAH ARCHITECTS"
as long as there's an equation and not just blandness
I missed the wine fest! Hope to catch it next time. I think may have been there as a pourer?
somehow I ended up with 16 five gallon bottles of water in my condo but alas I made 11 of them disappear! Happiness is cleaning my condo!!!
slow as -_-
Why don't curators also train as educators? - Luis Camnitzer (the audience claps)
don't think so :(
Hey we would love a visit here at (add)ventures!
Honk, honk, honk!
I'm afraid to bite the bullet With my luck it would go off randomly hit 3 people & I'd get arrested for being a serial killer
Sometimes revolution starts from within...change your mind and other things will fall into place...
Excited for my wife who got called in for an audition on 5-0. I hope all goes well!
The Downtown Miami Riverwalk Festival and Boat Parade is going to be held Nov. 21, 2009 from 10:00AM.
"You need to study. You're acting weird to put off studying. I know what you're doing." knows me too well
yeah make sure u follow me bak...facebook look me up rolando pride
Susan Tanisawa was my 6th grade teacher (Longfellow Elementary, Berkeley). Inspiring. I later became a 6th grade teacher.
Busy,Busy, Busy working during the day, and at night I turn into the Wonder Woman Writing Dynamo Author... Having two identities is tough!
Tracy morgan RT : Ray Ray RT : Air Bud RT Somebody tell me who the killer is on scream 4
Just left the studio ! I had a lot of fun !!! I got to meet Larry Batiste and many more people! :D
Today in Blues: Blues artist Bertha ‘Chippie’ Hill recorded “Lowland Blues” November 9, 1925, accompanied by Louis Armstrong on cornet.
Ok I need Direct TV. Seriously...this FoxSportsNorth just really isn't doin it for me
Big theme: getting past the fear!
Happy New Year to you all from us at Liberty Telegraph! Be Safe!
We have a rec league now. In case you love it so much & want to try. We've also got a bootcamp coming up. :)
*waits for my invitational text*
Which 7 year old integrated the Raleigh public schools in September 1960? ... www.americanlegacymag.com later for the answer!
Fish is food not rubbish! Don't scuttle the discards ban on Monday PLEASE RT
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>... You are DC-inized! Gogo April 21 you gotta come ALIVE this time lol
LMAO. To the people who say they can dougie. But can't .
It's 30 degrees in the Kohl for the Sweet 16 reception
going to SIUC in the fall its finna crack....
Just heard n spotted in Andersonville, hova in d hood
My crazy obsession ; humping things? I get no dick.
Getting ready to head down to the Las vegas strip for some fun time.
Tarheel Select tournament going down in Baton Rouge, LA this weekend
was great seeing ya buddy, the #superfans will c u in few weeks in AZ.
Just finished my workout <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
oh that's tomorrow?!
Eating chips & hummus and watching family guy
PFE has a good quarter with WYE now integrated
I bet it was.
"Trust requires unanswered questions." -Joyce Meyer
To live through something so traumatic and then then die so young. So tragic so sad
home girl just combines my words together into pure nonsense.
Interesting tweet - seems HP finally decided who they are. :-) RT : Yes, you’re reading that correctly. We’ve changed our name to !
I feel good!
#quotes The major difference between the big shot and the little shot is the big shot is just a little shot who kept on shooting.
I'm gon listen to Selena now.
Packing... jamming to some Fiona Apple... one more show tonight in #Denver showtime 7pm.. flying back to #LA at 7am!
it's rough tay
The look on Cris's face when I brought up the Thunder/Lakers game :D ha, it was funny.
#LT after I order my stuff from Amazon & EBay ! >_<
R>I>P Heavy D
Wow- just learned by june cigarette ads won't be allowed to have color. Cool b & w design constraints there...
my 1st famous client <<< can any 1 guess who he is in my profile pic
Tornado sirens wailing on Labor Day.
What's good if you worked all day and missed the awesome warmth? Night ride. Open face helmet. All the smells.
So I just drank a monster..... well no sleep for me any time soon... it was just so delicious.
no problem :) oh yes! Haha we need to go find our boys! :D
Who wants to hit my blunt? Huh...
Social Media - How to Measure Marketing Effectiveness
Thanks for the follow Heather!!
possibly...maybe. Idk.
RT : OMG, thx for the direct message, u r so pretty, i would luv to kiss you!!!
I owe you a phone call re: concert on Jan 15 -lets connect soon.
Because all the fighting and all the tears and all the uncertainty is worth it
thank you! That lavender bath I just took made a new person out of me. Have a great night ;)
. If you're talking about What to Expect, I'm with on this one. It's hilarious.
Texas Fight!
okay. how are you?
Yep, I needed to mop up 3 inches of water from my disaster storage/laundry room today.
it's fluent jare....
Happy Mothers Day moms! And anyone who plays the mom role for someone. Enjoy your day! You all rock!
can't get hoosuite to work right now.....
LOL Yeah, Braun has been hit as many times so far this year as he was hit all of last year.
At first, when i see you smile...yeah it makes me smile. Oh it makes me smile :)
Thursday night Watch out #austin I got my tickets... Did you ?
How dare you joke about Selena! RT : Selena Is Pregnant?!? Has to be a joke!
really? DM me
Good, busy as always! Hope you are well!! I'll be in touch with you in the next month or so... exciting project in the works...
POLAND LOVES KIDRAUHL :)
You stole my heart, you're a great guy and I think with this you don't discourage ... I love you sweet Zayn
Ready to start Session 3 with
what's wrong?!
I'm amazed it's taken this long.
Eminem thinks that it's funny too :P
BANG IT
I want to thank everyone who came out last night for the films. It was a blast!
The junk yard offer $500.for this Honda Car,and no one seems to want to give more.It looks like salvage company is the winner.
cool... how much?
The bar lounge is so classy, it was worth shaving for.
Hotel CURRENT/Long Beach has just been added to our list of hotels!!!20% off best available rate.
YOU FUCKN SUCK!
The #Ravens and are now fielding offers for pick 1.29 -
Studio! Getting alot done!
Boo to #Directv for their bad Sunday ticket feed. Was looking forward to one last Colts game at BW3's before the baby's arrival.
Love when you're ready, not when you're lonely. RT
Turning off my phone because there's no point in having one if I don't use it.
One thing I've learned from Twitter is people love glib, sentimental quotes.
Uh Oh. My voice is gone. Pleasse come back.
Thanks for the help BEST FRIEND! :P
Cooler weather is on the way. Need new #windows and #doors installed by professional installers in #Albuquerque or #Santa Fe? (505)362-0529
Practice makes perfect
we have both :) just ask your server.
Every second I move further and further away from being young....
Smiling with you. Another day is done... and another tomorrow to kick #butt and take names.
Join our official dsdsq2 tweet
Gonna love t swizzle forever she is my love for life love you Taylor
Don't just think, do! Don't just speak, act! Don't just wait, move! Don't just pray, try! #
Vegetarians Unite! And then come to the burger bar and try our veggie-tastic B Veggie burger or check out our special the B Tofurkey!
dam that sounded good as fuck just reading your tweet lol
any chance of enforcing the laws? I almost get hit by cyclists and cars everyday while walking to and from work.
follow back?
Hey Happy Friday! How's it going?
With the holidays right around the corner now is the time for a fresh coat of paint. Call us to schedule a free estimate 619-562-5848
Heck yeah. I live on sweat and dreams. :) Vegas rocked - I've re-read it more than a few times when I needed a 'feel good'...
Man, every time I buy a Slurpee I feel like and are gonna accost me in the parking lot.
Just got back from local auto dealership. It's a Cash for Clunkers zoo out there! Story to come on 12 News.
Awesome week in Cali with the rents! Went by way too fast.
If your not following yet, you should change that:)
Good running into at 's speech at They put out a mean lunch spread!
was it over when the germans bombed pearl harbor!?
that's w u are doing. Where is the instagram?
: I'm not worried about Oduro. It's Robayo who looks disinterested to me. Almost confused where to be. Paladini best be ready.
I Dont know what that is!! :(
First day of finals was good :)
We are playing in San Diego on the 15th (next friday) Come chill?
Got around 11K going to 300/600/50, lost half my stack firing three barrels couldn't get a fold.
What's realtive humidity?? The sweat that rolls down the crack of your ass when you are fucking your sister
Just listened to the first #MohrStories podcast. Was pretty good, I think I will try a few more.
A very merry christmas to u and your family hope to see u more on mike and molly love u
This pass weekend I was not sober
Benna confirmed something about the show I've long suspected: people mostly watch it for the clothes.
I thought I knew myself until I took a good look in the #mirror! :)
please tell to step up his Twitter game!
miss you to
:-) - The Team seemed like a great example to use in yesterday's Twitter chat.
thanks handsome!
YBP Library Services (YBPLibServices) is now on Twitter! Stay up to date with what YBP can offer your academic, research or special library!
Screen partner sites carefully, avoid sites hosting excessive reciprocals and site wides, says
Hitman or Silent Hill---> RT : Whats the best Video Game turned movie ever made ? WE say Double Dragon hahahaah
You dont realize how much damage is done, til its DONE !
Thanks man! Woke up happy today!
Catching some rays!!
Ahh, so you're at Steve's.
Packing for the weekend and watching RHOA
Add Portland to the list of citys I have been obliterated in
Just like that we working! The #WatchMKE official website will be done by
First Cooking Class in the new kitchen tomorrow! Dough making in progress...
Just taught 3 (often disruptive) students to use basic Terminal commands in OS X to open memorial image of Steve Jobs.
#Follow this sweety :)
Sorry for the big humangous absence I'm back tho :D
Is this nasty Texas heat going to go away? I hate the heat!
What does THE WORD ALIVE, I SEE STARS, MAKE ME FAMOUS, BETRAYING THE MARTYRS & CROWN THE EMPIRE all have in common???
Fuck I'd love to want a milkshake right now.
I've already seen 7 buses go by the opposite way. Where's my bus? It is a nice night for a stroll...and
we going through some problems,but we go be alrigh ima go see her today
all z's for me v__v
No pressure on my pimpin sweetie
At school!
so Colorado is a pretty ligit place
They wanted me to come in...on mothers day..at 9:45... The f I look like
one of my favorite songs too his whole cd bang!
record a cover of it!
Ah yes, I love my family and friends but and I PRAYED for "no's"!
Ha! True! Speaking of the #76ers... How bout them
They locking down public square this morning .... The casino gone do numbers today ...and i dont have my rain man suite yet lol fuck
It's been wonderful! Thanks for your amazing hospitality! Back to #Plano today!
Let's go Bears!!!! Gotta beat the Panthers!
At the Crossing Brooklyn Ferry festival at BAM. My girlfriend took me to see the Antlers and St-Vincent. #bam (theplacenotthecontroversy)
#3DAYS OMG OMG OMG !(:
If your boss cusses you in front of customers. You quit.
my puppy is so cute when he is dreaming <3
Jesus would've wanted a drink tonight too. Happy Easter!!
Its Jeremy Kyle time wit his shit talkin ass.
Been workn so hard...
Also busy with American football, season started and the Oakland Raiders have been kicking ass, and they're my favourite NFL team!
In Haiti and told there are 400 varieties of mangoes here. Can anyone confirm?
I would very much agree
Snack machines give you cancer...-Mark Haggard
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CHICA
Can you add me on xbl(willepps98) and do u have two xbl accounts because there is another account named Chris smoove
had to walk home from school today.... Well at least it's a beautiful hot day. (: stopped by Starbucks to get a caramel frapp. My fav <3
Would like to see Seager to SS and LIdi to 3b. Can always def replace later in the game?
we get out at the same time. haha.
#Scandal is scandalous and deliciously entertaining! I love this show!
Can you handle it if i go there baby with you?
your wave tweet looks great!
Going to see Strasburg pitch to the Marlins today. Go Nats!
Hah, excellent point :)
It's snowing in Nashville today! #snow The wind is really howling
Your girlfriend is rated “E” for Everyone.
The movie is so completely terrible. I laughed at it.
Getting Hungry At Night , But Being Too Lazy To Get Out Of Bed <<<<
Biggest Loser!!!!!!
hahahah was hoping someone would get that! good day, sir.
Crenshaw High School Marching Band-Los Angeles Joins The 2010 MLK High School Battle Of The Bands And The 2010 MLK Grande Parade-Houston
Who better to talk to then the person that understands your problems the most
gimme an address
#ThatAnnoyingMoment when you're trying to do your school work and your grandmas next door neighbors dogs won't shut up....
X-mas with my 13month twins, amazing this year! decorated the tree, wrapped a dozen presents for them 2 tear up, baked goodies. So excited!
thanks for the mention!
Happy Easter Everyone Be Blessed
You lucky SOB
Thanks for the follow Trevor. On
Funny how you all for getting money yet you ain't got two cents to rub together
Poised Creation will continue to supply artists with tangible and intangible resources for their success!
Palko should draw a paycheck from Steelers. 2 int 1 fumble in 17 min
via Boston Red Sox 1st official Grapefruit League game is 3/4 // this just made my day.
What School You Go Too ?
i thought tht was a pic of dora the explorer on ur profile lol
I love it <3 Makes my heart smile.
No matter what you think...Peyton Manning's best football is in the rear view mirror.. good move.
I've reached the unfortunate conclusion that I'm tall man fat. Gota hit the elyptical. #yougonaeatthatdeadfatguy?
We got extremely lucky. It's a tough business to work with. -Lloyd Banks
You, too, Ben. Merry Christmas.
Getting higher than the Empire State...from the paint fumes in my car!
I got flash out my
are you coming back to buff? The dirty is calling your name
DAYUM STRANGER TYPE :/
It was like watching him play the Redskins last year. #Fail RT : oh.. poor #eli.. that.. was rough...
What went wrong? u tell us tomorrow
Treasure hunt! I thought the clues were leading to my bday gift - but it led to him proposing to me!
Dogfish apparently only made one bourbon barrel version of their World Wide Stout in a firkin. It MIGHT be in the city for Pgh Beer Week.
M food
#undateable is one who lied to get you in the first place.
no problem:)
Wacha' do: in', Granpop? Noon.Mysterious Science: The Truth Behind Bigfoot
RT : : <--I called u last wk < Ur lying, U gotta be lying or have the wrong number! I sleep with my fone.! ARRRGGGHHH
I graduate in 18 days I better see all my twitter followers pretty faces there
is the coolest person I know and would probably die without her!
Happy First Thursday!! Passing out ICED samples in front of Perlas with ! Come by and say hi
shares data that correlates # of Qs asked & creativity ; highest @ age 5 and lowest @ 44 #HRSummit2012 - its all up hill 4 me:)
Swirls and twirls <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Fresh huggies actually
“: OMG awkward Courtney!!!! #bachelor” I know, right?
I'm gonna be asleep when it's out.): I wanted to try and be the 1st, 2nd, or 3rd person to commonly on it. It will be 12pm)':
can we have a #Revenge viewing party tomorrow????
At least I don't have to wonder now. I hate fb, but it always got the answer to any question!
lol yeah yeah :-p
If anyone sees Allied Van Lines 18 wheeler between Tampa and Raleigh, let me know. They are taking FORever!
gotta love auto-correct...except when in a hurry and/or slightly tipsy :)
RT : Looks like we may have to wait til tomorrow morning to find out who Ohio hates slightly less.
Like Expressly Gourmet? Click "Like" on our facebook page for exclusive coupons and updates on new restaurants you can get delivery...
When I was a kid, I made a dove in a pottery class for my mom. It was the UGLIEST thing ever, but she displayed it proudly
PennDOT upgrades traffic radio signal
Listening to justin bieber
The awkward moment when someone's voice doesn't match their appearance.
Damn you nacho cup.
Bases loaded with Nats at #Nationals Park!
Thank you! Hope you had a great one!
think positive, and positive things happen
Goes to show that it pays to be honest.. Yes that's intended to be a pun.
hey sweetie I voted for you!!! i`m not sure if you`ve ever been told this before but you remind of
People don't like it when you change because the ways that they used to manipulate you stop working
Interested of joining our new group for male overshoppers? Get more info at www.ShopaholicNoMore.com/mens-group
Follow Back BD!
New house=old, creaky, and perfect. All seven of my followers should come over and see it...that includes you Governor.
awwh <U+E414><U+E414><U+E414> thank you. You're pretty. (:
Wondered why I was in such a crappy mood today...I have no good reason to be...
Decries OPS, point of article ends up being the Mariners are doing better bc they have more power, but need higher OBP. Wow.
Vitamin C works wonderfully to help prevent FUS in cats while it boosts the immune system too.
#227&motherfuckingcounting! Watching Henry come & do what he does was the best high any Gooner can experience. #spursbarca&therestcanblowme!
Just great!
The video is apparently live already!?!? No one told me it went early hahah
awww all you girls are so cute with your shows.
his ahh got cleared
Wow, I never get a S/O! Lol! Thanx n #GoodMorning ": s/o "
RT : thats what I'm talking about! Help E2 reach their goal!
It would seem that the teacher of this class doesn't know that I have a SA black lager waiting for me.
Watching MA election returns!
What a great day to eat on the Patio at Fresh. Halibut Fish Tacos are on!
going to hang out with my little sister for the first time tonight 8-)
Whoa! #Facebook timeline? sweet! we might just be able to reconcile our love-hate relationship. Do you come here often?
I love this weather!
Just read the j14 mag Niall Harry and Zayn made it on the hottest guy list WTF where's Liam and Louis
Bass how do you feel about the DQ at UFC Rio this weekend,and Joe Calling out the Reff?
When a person's car alarm keeps going off in the middle of the night or before it's time for me to wake up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
our shelves are stocked! Come in and see us! Just a short drive down Federal open till 7 :)
RT if you're a girl (:
take a pic!! I tried to use green on my eyes this morning and it looked like poo
I hat staying up late.
My feelings for you are like the sea. " Wild and romantic ? " "No, they make me sick."
Don't be scared. We'll take this slow. :)
im guessing bcuz of all their test subjects.
Using 1594 (Paris) hours worked, Business Insider's calc for French productivity s/b $22.89, compared to $$24.6 USA. Booya!
love ya chica!
Congrats to #California artist on the announcement of "there & back" at
I hate rednecks
The weekend is a few short hours away! Roll into it with a Chicken and Pepper Jack Burrito Roller. The perfect get-me-through-the-day treat!
haha I bet it does
Thanks for the follow :)
thanks =) i bet you say that to all the random people that plug their blog site to you
where at fool?
Thanks for following us!
Do you get to any/many home games?
What a great way to start off the day with an intellectually stimulating conversation. Topic: politics and framing
NATS: Happy Birthday, Danny Espinosa - District Sports Page
Hi, my name is Maria Jose & I just sprayed perfume in my eye
WHEN YOU GETTING MONEY LIKE THE DOPE MAN
Anyone else think too much when you're trying to fall asleep?
Will be posting some before and after pictures of fitness Cahllenge soon!!!!!
Thank you!! TGIF indeed!
#WhyImFatExcuses I'm on a starts tommorow diet.
Blue like Ms. Obama.
Why do my classes go by so slow...prolly because I just sit in my desk and stare into space...
And then they go on to wonder why the business makes no money and they are close to bankruptcy
if it had a catch phrase it would be called that haha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
AWESOME! What a great market to be in. Congrats!
didn't do my homework. O. I'm such a BADASS.
Lindsay lohanvs. Emma stone
do you and also like those scented markers?
so upset im nautious
that's cool!! Then you'll probably like my gift to you & K!
mosaic district coming soon!
"... that would best get the story across." - Wheeler
thank you menso :p
We'll try.
I love snow ...
It's raining hard and it was thundering. It sounds like home.
Only 6 hours till Spring Break 2012 begins!
One week from today....Christmas Eve!!
To be honest the Dj opener wasnt that bad.
thanks :-) I'm doing that insanity workout and tanning everyday! I wanna lose 10 more lbs.
ok thanks, didn't know it was that new ...
Of course he would find zach dancing on stage hahaha
I think I look ugly in it
Come check out surrender tonight! It's going to be awesome... Only
Found out this morning that my dog needs knee surgery.
I'm a librarian, too, and I think ASKP will represent me. Plus all of those other members who don't have "librarian" in title.
On my way to PurpleLight!
I want to meet the adult version of myself.
true lol . Whats her name? & no. start talking to her :)
yes!! Thank you! For tweeting me! where u from?? Omo I love you!!
I'm glad shit is working out for you two, that makes me happy )
Gotye is criticizing Glee for their interpretation of his song, which is ridiculous, since it never would have gone to #1 without Glee.
I'm expecting a couple of songs back from the mixer this week. The first one's called "Plans"--a pretty ballad about finding someone for...
Listening to U Smile... :')
love. love it. Wish we could just have a machine like at the bank,&I would send product I know you'd love!
Thanks mucho for the support!
nice to meet you too. i love a good slurpee brainfreeze; popcorn makes me want to see a movie. what's your friday look like?
It's cool I got the first flight out in the morning
Thanks! Free prizes are awesome to give or get. :D
Fun chat w/ today. I was reminiscing about art school & how few messes we get to make in Real Life. Time to throw some paint around.
RT : "Cold? This Isn't Cold Yet, Just You Wait"
GO OBAMA save us from armageddon!!! Love you Eliot
saw everyone postin happy bday So confused! I didn't think it was but I just went along with it :P April fools king haha!
No plans for tonight? Head on down to Mo's Irish pub for great entertainment!
We're sorry to hear that Jesus, it looks like you called in and spoke to a rep today. Anything else we can assist with?
Everyone should be entitled to discounted prices whether you are a merchant or a single customer. Take a look at our variety of products!
Out for a long run around the lakes in the steamy heat now that the rain has stopped in
Wondered where you went. Good night
Pigeons on the roof like ghost dog
LOL RT : I'm headed to #Coachella to watch the holograms clean up.
good night.<U+2665>
Eli started so well...
baby you light up my world like nobody else<3
I got my mind on the money and the money on my mind$
I am so lame-o.
thought the NBA had a superbowl smdh
I have had a tough weekend with the passing of my grandma but things are getting a little better
Today I am better than i was yesterday. Great workout. Heading to the cages later in the afternoon
Shout out to that shout out RT “: Shout out to ”
Just stopped through Cartersville for lunch! It was good to see my old hometown.
I love you baby now and forever. Happy 2 month anniversary. <3
you should have a rumble anyway just to make it interesting
||Ukraine||"bye, I love you.."
When Ashley and Alexis go to McDonald's before a game and bring back 7 large fries >>>>
I wish they would have played against each other this past year.
I don't know why I told Happy Birthday?! I'm dumb :b Happy Birthday have a great day girlie! :)
Absolutely. When's good?
You're a player ?
Happy Monday. Cheers!
Want to avoid the masses of First Friday? Then get Downtown TONIGHT for Preview Thursday!!! 18b & Fremont East will be a rockin...
It's just a shame that one is not allowed to be a Independent thinking Rep or Dem. To many drink the kool-aid!
- i ask myself why i cry over your band, then i quickly respond to myself saying you guys are the best thing ive ever heard.
Ken Burns does it again. Prohibition is an awesome doc.
Thanks! Hopefully 4 tomorrow but it might end up bein 3.5 depending on my body
My sis need 2 hurry up
Two hours watching hilarious TV shows here in my house! I think my box of laughter crashed out. Will spend one hour!
I'd like to chat sometime about your UX background, we have some exciting changes and roles in the works.
Sensitive people are the most insensitive. How is that?
Feeling lazy?! Take 20 minutes out of your day (lunchtime!) and help reduce CVD disease in women and increase endorphins (happy feelings!)
Currently reading: "We need to talk about Kevin" by Lionel Shriver.
On my way to 24 Hour Fitness with the hubby!!!
Must head out for Mothers Day shopping and whatever else to shop for....... ;)
Cardinals in beastmode. Where's Prince when you need him?
Infographic: Recent Spike in Gas Prices Fuels Renewed Interest in... Conservation and gas credit cards are among the tools consumers can
what a Casanova
first time i heard the studio version i freaking love it <3
so where you from?
New releases fm :09 Cote Sud Vineyard Chard and 09 Jerusalem Hill Vineyard Pinot Noir. Looking for either in our #Easter basket!
and reinvigorated the love, dedication and commitment yesterday - a million thanks
we need to hang out soon !!(:
Don't know & EPYD's may not. But I have VeroniCUN, Sheriff Wyles, Baytoe, Stevo, SUSIA, CRAPleigh, they r ANTI-CHRISTians!
BUT HE DMED ME HE WAS WORKING ON IT AND... THE TGT CD AS WELL *SIGHS* I CANT WAIT TIL IT DROPS WHENEVER IT DOES
honesty... That one took me a min. O.o
#ucrADPchat RT : shares good point! Know yourself - prepare yourself! Outline your accomplishments
& Did Ypu Get The Pixx I Sent From My Momma Phone?
thanks to one of the most adventurous and energetic ladies I've ever met!! You're a real shot of life, you know
Now, girls hit puberty at 10 - Times of India
lol u silly!!
I feel like a #hipster. Got Big Sean's new song the day it dropped
Had a great day 2day and was told I was beautiful so had a fabulous day
Making an album in 5 months was probably the craziest idea ever. I guess sometimes crazy is good!
colorado tomorrow!! partyyyyyyytime
dropping the columns is a good trick, but doesn't the reader deserve a cue that something's missing?
My mom better not had fell asleep on me. Or else I'm going to have to sleep outside
Why is it every time we see your name we start singing Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody? ;)
they gotta learn muscles and shit... Some school use frogs, we use cats. Strange, yes. But it's not as bad as it sounds!
I love the pic! I'm wishing I niped those glasses from ! #TEALtini was amazing! Thanks to you all!
text me
lol....dudes are hardheaded.
Rihanna sucks she sounds like shes running out of breath
Fact of the Day, by a Professional Researcher: There's a Hasbro toy called "Sit'n'Spin." Hasbro is a #dirty bird.
Someone got skills? I'll let you know
happy Birthday!
dueces by chris brown
I know right if it is i'm gonna stalk it and get a picture next to it lol xD
Do not be misled: bad company corrupts good character. 1 cor 15:33 what company are you keeping?
I meant well-deserveD...
Good luck beats early rising. - Irish Proverb
cute avi girl
Love Best Buy CTO's definition of creepy vs spooky marketing tracking
My opinion....Kenny McCormick should be one of the Avengers. He is the Immortal. LOL
Definitely. You should check out my man, Very smart dude. Genius with words.
Feel Good On A Good Friday Live From The Industry On starts at 11p w/ On the turntables me on the mic for 1 hype party
WE GOT LOVE FOR YOU AT MOGUL MARATHON. BAY AREA GET IT!!!
Follow for news that will change the way you do business.
#OnlyUglyPeople == know it alls, weasels, backstabbers, the closed-minded, biggots, ...
Just saw an intentional foul Called that i doubt ever would have been called in a boys game
I think this is the first time I've been cleanly shaved all year
RT Herman Cain is "reassessing" the viability of his campaign.
you make it to ATX yet? :)
Brangelina are engaged. :) just lightening up things a little.
Oh her I been hit that haha.
Why isn't Martin's bat pink?
Thanks! It's should be
Thanks for the info Scott!
shout out the moms who have no idea what twitter is and won't read these shoutouts
All I want for Christmas is a follow from But I'd settle for a job writing about the Pack from
Watching this saga in real-time! Like the balloon boy of a few years back! Do your windows open?
Listen to the #MiddayMix on like in a min lol with and #dopeness :)
How does it feel outside?
Likewise Mr. Lahey.
Hello ! Always happy to chat- Thursday's my best day this week. Would that work?
Bridal shower for my daughter today!! So EXCITED for her..
"We cannot escape ourselves." RT : I am Henri the cat today
I FEEL YOU LIKE YOUR MY BEST FRIEND EVENDOUGHT YOU DONT KNOW IM EXCSITING!!
Looking for a part time Reference Librarian to fill a position in #NY! Contact me for details
where's he off to?
Thank YOU for being a great judge and helping make this another fantastic ADDY year!
RT : You have roughly 1 hour and 30 mins to enter giveaway, go and enter, dont be a fool and miss it! #Bejeweled!
u do and I'm one of them
inauguration Chicago Childrens Choir shines
Awesome. Appreciate you guys doing these; they're always highly entertaining.
IM DETERMINED TO MEET HIM! I've seen him live 5 times I need to meet him haha. ;) a
"I need the coke so I can write so I can pay you AFTER I get my advance, 10 weeks after the book pubs." - authors, to their drug dealers
What songs would you all like to hear me cover?! :]]
would love to but we're busy as hell up here its by the way didn't realize I sent that from this acct LOL
m, don't let your obsession get so extreme that you forget firewood may be a bad idea given the location. Bon appetit though!
Goodnight peoples
Ashbrook: we are not looking for "empty-suit #civility"
#Bring1DSigningToMichigan! Yes, please, we need a chance to see our boys! (:
the court say he didn't!!! U gotta love our justice system!!
At least he paid for his own pills...
#FF Broaden your horizons and your vocabulary with Transparent Language!
The scientist is not a person who gives the right answers, he's one who asks the right questions.
RT : #GoodThingsInTheWorld Having someone that understands you, listens, gives you advice, and actually cares.”
lmfao how you gon give a shout out to yourself
How can you be okay with knowin he fuck with other bitches/ knowin you a side line tho???
Fuzzy monkey
sounds good to me
/droid or iphone. I went to Market, download recorder, tape it and share via email. You can also do this w/ garage with a Mac.
When I focus on softening how I feel around any doubts I have in my career, things begin to shift. I know the best is yet to come.
wheww! the hard disk filled but i cleared some space and it's fixed. we've had registrations than i had anticipated! :)
Getting carried away wont get you anywhere..
If you can say "best year yet," each year until you die then you've lived one hell of a life!
no, i dont know. what is the stasi?
12 mins #Cleveland! Pull those one arm bandits!!!
Limp Noodle
Had a great dinner experience at in #Brookfield. I am stuffed.
Mhmm. 'member I said I was getting it today, so that's what i've been doing since I got home
lucky wish i was there,
can u follow me plez ;) <3
fool you're gonna be 3rd string. Sit your ass down.
I'm surprised James and Wade haven't gone upside Bosh's head for playing so soft...looking like Snoops flamboyant twin out here
I love youu,, I really hope you see thiss!
On the ground in Oslo The below freezing temperature is refreshing...at least for this moment :-). 20 min until I see Treasure...
whats up man?how's the jay tics lookin?
Melanie Fiona is so fuckin sexy
At work. Can't wait to leave. Hopefully I can ball later. Get my mind off everything.
just getting a trim. Keep your composure <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> def not shaving
": It's a long ass video lol"Lol..hit me on voxer
<3 you! let's trade follows. I will support. There is a site on my profile too that will help promote ur stuff.
"pride comes before the fall" not in Bible. Proverbs 16:18 Pride goeth before destruction...
American Idol really knows how to drag out a show...ugh
Beautiful day for an early show in Portland. Doors are at 6, TW at 6:30pm.
Just settled into my new Tampa apartment. PS- screened in patios kick ass!
Going to watch my first pro fútbol game in a few weeks! Men's USA vs. Scotland! Going to be awesome!
do people still get chicken pocks?
please do.
It happens all the time.
sigh... what an AWFUL night
reduce . recycle . reuse
your new album rules!
AppNexus is another firm contender to consolidate players in the real-time bidding space.
Pence with a 2RUN HOMER and the Phils take a 2-1 lead in the 4th. Still batting with no outs.
Let's go Murray State!
so great meeting you! i can't wait to see the pictures from last night!
he's a stone cold fox
hell yeah I need a doctor! specifically that one out in front. I see you FIJI!!
I always appreciate 's support of me. You know I got your back chica! :)
Review of "A History of Food in 100 Recipes" thinks Betty Crocker's cheese fondue recipe odd, is unduly upset she isn't real.
GM WORLD TGFAD #early tweet bout to eat :-) #jackNabox breakfast
I'm hungry :(
Good. Things have been really busy lately between school and the internship. I have also had a few good interviews this month.
Add Neil Patrick Harris to the list of famous people I've seen come into Beeps...
"Would He? ..Yea Bitch i Would Eat" -Lil B Hahaha
GODDAMN! That looks delicious!
And CST testing starts tomarow ugh! -__- at least we get out early :D
Thank you for the RT.. Much appreciated.
Feeling so tired today, it's already 230pm and I can't wake up. Let's blame it on the weather:-)
Farmer's market treasures: asparagus, strawberries and homemade blueberry ice cream!
haha I think some dude I met on twitter sent it to me? Can't remember! Saw you at IMS but you looked busy..can't wait for May!
Thank You Based Scoots for your Common sense. Love you!
I'm like super scared to be around them now.
I bet y'all ain't ready for this trip...or this flight lol
Ready for Nashvegas. Is it Friday yet?
Westlife - June 1st, Exams End - June 15th, Believe - June 19th, Braces Off - June 20th, 16th Birthday - June 21st! I LOVE JUNE<U+2665>
aren't they asking her to work for below minimum wage to correct their mistake?
Time to go die in the sun for awhile. Run, run, run.
Cant stop listening to !!! It's just soo amazing!
on the phone with work call you back in a few
I'm ready for lunch! I brought a bug ass salad and a small bowl of homemade chili <U+263A> and I've got a bowl paked in the truck
hahaha Emily----Nope--ive never fish in my life--I live in Dallas :)......is it fun?!?
OBAMA takes short brake from his busy VACATION & CAMPAIGN schedule to go on 2-week "PRESIDENTING".
Flower foods should not be diluted with more water than is specified on the packet.
I grew up going to Sox games at old Comiskey Park. :)
very excited to be off to see Real Madrid play Chivas Guadalajara tonight at Qualcomm Stadium San Diego... who to cheer for?
Thanks Tom. Best wishes for the mobile dev industry!
BL and Glee tonight!! So excited!! Just gotta get through the daughter's dance class!
#sla2010 #dsoc intl virtual libs program not in pocketbook listing, tuesday at 2pm room R09
Great chat indeed-- lots of exciting things in our city's future if we just know what to envision / execute!
Holy Crap! Billy Mays, the infomercial guy, died! He was JUST on the Jimmy Fallon show! And he was also 50 years old! WTF is going on!
Fridge contents: Organic whey protein, Grey Poupon, and a bottle Taittinger
Join us at La Mesa today for the SD Humane Society Mobile adoption 12pm-4pm
hahaha you guessed it:-)
Im Listening...
devil in heaven - fly as hell
o how was it?
Do not judge God's love for you based on your circumstances the Cross is the measure of God's love for you!!
I know more people cried today then any other day in history.... I know Paris Jackson made you shed a tear ... I really feel sorry for her
Jim Covarrubias was painting live at Arcosanti on Satuday to live music.
now if he keeps up playing like that..
Whoa, Reading Terminal Market is RIGHT NEXT to the conference center? Thank god there will be good lunches, then!
chillin in Germany.
-- we want you here in KC!! The home of the CHIIEEEEEEFFSS. All the barbeque you can handle
helping my dad clean the pool like a good daughter <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
how about the silver sticker under the brim?
i hear it was only 16 in the state
zombie tip #639 - never ever use a full auto on a group of undead, chance of getting kill shots are extremly unlikely
ouch! (re:bugbite on your eyelid. sounds uncomrfortable.
Benefits of Yoga For Overall Health and Stress Relief With Yogaseekers And Fullhealthguide
RT : RT : THE POWER OF THE WINKY FACE:"Hey, Want some of my banana? :)" ... "Hey, Want some of my banana? ;)"
Can't sleep. Going to be hard to get up for #school don't wanna go
Going to see my pony makes me feel so much better! <3
I'm really hoping the It Gets Better video that I made helps make a difference in people's lives. If it doesn't....then idk what I'll do :/
10 bucks and hour
Poor having problems with twitter... Sometimes twitter just doesn't like me either:(
9 days till I'm done with this shit. SUMMER
Technically, I think it's a non-Newtonian fluid. Still, smart girl.
I was there aswell! You guy's were absolutely AMAZING!
I just realized I have a class in the golden panther arena... The basketball stadium has classrooms in it??
Here comes the lovely white flurries :)
It's #BridalFashionWeek! #Milwaukee ladies, what dress designers are you eyeing for your #wedding?
Current FB pic is 135x135. Will be 40px closer to top (cutting into cover photo) RT : As compared to what today?
Ugh, that SUCKS.
Carbon banana bread
A special thank you to all the talented artists who were an integral part of Exit, Winter!
“LIKE” if you are keeping up with your New Year's resolution
Ease Up >
Deadly tornadoes tear through the South again. 64 people have died in the storm system. 50 in Alabama alone. Latest at 11 on
fabulous news!
good luck <U+263B>
I Think I Havee Aye Twitter Hater.LMBO
Maybe it's a skunk with a joint?
Is it bad that whenever I hear/see Ames in the news I think of the latest season of The Bachelorette and not Iowa?
Traffic is a mess downtown tonight. Your best bet is to just wait here.
Texas clearly better than Cal. Way more speed on both sides of the ball. Will be a nice out of conference win though.
Was riding 4 wheelers and it started poring down rain on us.
$52,000 closer to a cure. The event was a huge success! Thank you to all of our supporters!!!
"Would you rather love or be loved?" The best question I've been asked so far.
Check out @ Empire Room Tonight
gurl not that tall, they just manage to creep into my life all the damn time. I'm like how many ways do I gotta say I hate you?
Beer pong it is
Pinwheels for Prevention will be displayed at Ross's Landing, 100 Riverfront Parkway, Chattanooga, TN today from 9am-6pm
Is Georgia Dome better than most domes for shooters?? UK shot it well at SEC tourney there last year.
oh ok iGot you
what was u talkin bout in the lounge i was on a different pg thats y i did not say hi
lol, its not for all 6" subs?
Stay up to date w/ theatre district open house.
Help!Door 2 ladies rm sounded just like a haunted house door!
Just took on both the #SaltAndIce and #CinnamonChallenge Both were awful! The burns are killing me and my mouth tastes like shit!
which class is tomorrow?
At&t empire
How was the family visit? :)
packing, packing, packing
Wtf my head is on fire in the hair dryer
i text her back can i get somee Head . . . .
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
Maybe Ann Beattie will write it as a follow up to "Mrs. Nixon."
thank you mucho
Kobe be raging on that toilet bowl right now!
Sorry, that's actually 5125 Franklin Pk. Join us!!
IT IS!
Yep, that's us! Too bad Alice Cooper didn't write a song about finals week.
can 2 people be compatible if they have no numbers in common?
soo how you been :) !! havent talked to you in a long time
You're very welcome!
Levin: #gov intervention not the way to achieve broadband #innovation...need world class bandwidth to power the new economy.
I don't know who you are but Happy Pi day to you too
discovered in westport, ct this weekend. lovely ladies and a darling store!
Jamming Big Moe in the car always takes me back to my youth when i was riding the school bus.
The level of focus reflects within the quality of your work.
go with the pot pie, just a suggestion... tryin to help
If you have a great affection for breasts, listen at 3:10!
Yep, that is a picture for the refrigerator. :)
A man after my own <3! :) Aw thx! RT : Kate Upton! & praise to great vid. Hope Johnson can get it together
I'm not sure why it took me so long to realize that you could order stamps online from Seems pretty obvious now.
Get better Phil!
Good bumping into you at the Omni ! Keep up the good work!
Seriously, 2 more days of this? I can't take it.
thanks, caroline! i am supa envious of the care package your mom sent you...
Fantastic event with at tonight. Thanks to everyone who made it out & thanks to Nathan for such a great reading
. in the house! Jealous?
Grease burns are my proletariat badges of courage.
S/o to the post men for keeping us in the game cause the guards aint doing shit!
If you are headed to Charleston Conference Nov. 2-6, I am going to organize an informal dinner. Let me know....
Hey WH! Good to see you here when I'm on as well. Best wishes
* #StefanoOnIdol Really loved that performance! Stefano was amazing!! :)
Currently up to #13 on ReverbNation blues chart for LA/OC. Very proud of that. Show dates will be posted very soon. Keep an eye on...
Ive been flexing on my twitter lately
Second bottle of gruet in t minus 3 min
almost had to cancel Mothers Day! Nice W! See you guys this week!
ck us out memphis sound.
What evidence do u have for this? He's taken on risky ventures in the past.
Thanks - this is a v. helpful start, esp. "World w/o Oil."
you funny hahaha
any suggestions where to post some job openings? Monster? Career Builder? Authentic Jobs? Dribble?
To all u tight jean wearing ass niggas...dont forget ur glitter!!!
Remember that every experience in life can be used on stage.
i have a million shows to watch tomorrow and i cant watch all of the, because of my stupid dentist appointment.. :(
Heading to the gym .. #Survivior training.. Staying prepared ! No matter what ! Physically & mentally prepared ! ??????
My mom won't let me tell her all the stuff he said about her!
Hubby took and on a long walk to the coffee shop this a.m. Time for a luxurious bath and some me time :)
but yet yu talk shit to my bestfriend..no bitch you silly cuz you cant say shit to my face
Well that's the first time I've seen an orange UPS delivery guy. Just say no to spray tan
HAPPY MOM'S DAY...come and join us for brunch!
ipod broken. The thing i miss most: Twitter, and Instagram ;(
i follow you because I like your videos ^_^
Come out for Lindy Fix 8-10 tonight at PCH! Beginner's lesson with Nate and Alaina! DJ Sam! Beg/Int Charleston from 7-8. Drop-ins welcome!
umm not too much! School and music! :D and yourself?
well its been nice here to weird for wisconsin I guess
Had such a great weekend with the hubby... Doesn't want it to end
Ans: Former marine pilot John Glen. Glen went on to serve as a senator for Ohio from 1974-99.
Never hate people who are jealous of you, but respect their jealousy. They're people who think that you're better than them. Anonymous
for real!
"Everything is always ok....." - believe it!
Stuck in the farmers market shuffle
Extra tired
Winning is about heart, not legs. It's got to be in the right place. -Lance Armstrong
Marilyn sleeps with Michael Swift in heaven and feels no guilt.
finally going to see Washed out tonight:}
missed you Friday. Prolly had to work huh. You always working lol
hahaha awe thanks:) that really nice of you!!
budgeting without constants is like walking in the dark. Your going to trip. Dedicated funds is not THE solution but could help
I hate when your friends are mean to you in front of a guy they like .
Japanese food, project runway finale, and lots of tears
A D.C. police officer protected her boyfriend while he packaged crack and heroin on the kitchen table of the couple's District Heights home
Amazing shower! Wish I had company.
hey jake im an fan of A.N.T farm ha could u inbox me please
Today began so well... But it's having such an unfortunate ending...
Best text i ever got Msg "The root the roots the roots is not colored lol"
The answer is -2. Your welcome for the answer :p
I heard about UTSA too
Omg like this old lady just said to her friend I looked cute. Thank you honey!
I Miss You by Bey ~
I still want to go to the desert and just lie there looking at the stars.
ASDFGHJKL; omg, were so cool ~ LOOOL, where in cali?(:
Pajama jeans??? Really? Really dude?.
Thank you for mentions re: Manning NOW charged with "aiding the enemy"
One problem with #bookaday - will I be able to finish BLEAK HOUSE this summer, as I have been trying to do for several years?
can't even watch anymore...*turns <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00BA>to anything*
thats alos what condoms were made for :D
i hate haters I WILL ALWAYS STAND FOR U i love u Justin:)
Hell #Chicago! Have a productive and enjoyable day :)
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 72
The Jets Fail Late, Tebow Leads Broncos to Win
I'd like to watch the game, but my retinas are seared looking at the Louisville uniforms this close...
It looks like another dreary day in Austin today.
Anyone wanna go watch avengers with me today????????
time to raise your outlook for EA, Bioware's SWTOR will be epic. Epic = very profitable.
I want to see more and more kids playing instrument and learning the art of music.Because of technology in music we are lacking real talent
Y'all saw E--ler's tweets on how legacy pubs wage class warfare on poor people? LOL.
same here...just been working hard and chillin back...good 2 c u doing ya thing tho!
My life is a living testimony.
today is going to be a great day (:
after graduation when i got some money(:
Just finished a cognitive walkthrough of a mobile weather app & immediately wondered if it was going to rain tomorrow.
In retrospect, we all should have seen this Mike Wallace/Thomas Kinkade suicide pact coming.
Hey I'm watching the clippers / warriors game. Who do you want to see win?
Come on Alex!!! Blast this bum!!!
I Hate when people just favorite a tweet instead replying to it
lots if talk about Ravens run D. Cannot wait to see what you can do. Surprised being a 7.5 pt underdog?
its not the end it will get better good luck if there can be a next time
Haviland fired no wonder Kaner is drinking :(
Good Bye Horses. Hello AT&T RT : RT : Good Bye TMobile. Hello Sprint.
hi Emma! How are you?!
Chicken Wings and Fries... for dinner
S/O to my niggah' Jeremy
and rayovacbattery.net
The Spirit of the squirrel? WTF. Can hear a motivational management meeting at offices next to kitchen at work
Twitter is networking on steroids says at
I have 420 followers..don't be that asshole that messes this up for me
Thaks for the follow I can't wait to visit again!
Exercising 5 times per week for 30 minutes can reduce your risk for #diabetes by 60%. Learn more by texting HEALTH to 300400.
I'm not jealous here at work or anything! Throw one back for good times sake...
Too tacky even for us. Which says something.
Hahaha I'd Just flashback the moment when the Pussy got kicked by the ball in front of everybody today haha #priceless LMAO!
How do you convince a person to tell you a story and how does that work with getting the rights to a story?
thanks, bunns! Despite your threats, I know you're really just big fluff balls.
To the max. Hello, Expo!
thanks man..the altar bar on the strip... Shot a ton but lighting was so bad I've only been able to recover a few so far
3 steps to overcoming #writersblock: 1-Write 1st paragraph about Beethoven's shadow. 2-Write the rest of the paper. 3-Delete 1st paragraph.
To bring people coming back to SciCafe, #AMNH has tech incentives like foursquare rewards, and lo-tech rewards cards. - Desai
It's official! I'm on twitter! Now I gotta figure this thing out.
Justin Bieber And Zayn Malik,My Inspiration
Haha, glad you like!
"For My yoke is easy and My burden is light” (Matthew 11:30, NKJV)
Thank YOU! RT : THX ! Amazing fun panel 2day. Inspirational ladies!
I say it wrong all the time now. Haha
Wanna text #oomf to chill but she'll prolly just ignore me again..
It's crazy... Everyone's True colors come Out pretty quick!
So it took me going to #sxsw to check my new Twitter followers (who include a CNN producer & a homicide detective)
I made me bot a rage tweet function. Will it rage tweet? Roll saving throw against rage tweet!
Iah turn that ass out
Women usually sleep on the right side of the bed even in their sleep, they have to be right
RT There is someone who looks after us, from behind the curtain. In truth we are not here. This is our shadow--Rumi
when is Austin coming to Massachusetts
yo good shoot for today bro,, sunday night u goona be available still need that stu time...
:: You Can if You Want Too
my mother just asked me "why is your hair always dirty?"
good morning!
Jumped off the fence this week! Take chance with me! Uncertainty rules.
Good question. He's had quite a few misses. Haynesworth, Meriweather, Adalius Thomas.Even McCourty and Mayo have regressed.
It is still on. Come out before 9.
Five Minutes.
RT! ": Eating food and STILL being hungry <<<"
Goin back to Honolulu just to get that. Maui Wowie Maui Wowiee
Come out tonight to L-3's "Rally at the Alley". Supporting the Wounded Warrior Project. Will be food, drink, and fundraising. 5-8.
#powershift Michele Roberts breaking down the Environmental Justice history in room 202B, oh yeah!!!
Many thanks to & everyone else who made our 1st concert a success!
#RealMenOfGenius ? : I almost do the exact same thing. Only diff is I have Makers with a little ice
Forecast for Thursday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming mostly sunny. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 64 to 69 near...
aha yeah but i will find some dont worry.
oh that's cool . How are things with that one female? :o lol
Gross. I'll eat my weight in spinach before I'd eat liver & onions.
On the way to U of H to watch the dance team! <3
Stupid iPod. Y U NO DOWNLOAD SONG?!
Once upon a time, I didn't give a f**k.
How do you know what that smells like? Never mind tmi:-)
Houlihans & taking the wife to see hungry people play games
I just block his ass on Facebook. He gon be block for a LONG TIME!
"So long as we have enough people in this country willing to fight for their rights, we'll be called a democracy." -- Roger Nash Baldwin
as much I hate you for never tweeting me Blake I lost my brother when i was 5 & my mom at 11 i know how you feel
Hey Mike. Great to see you on here. Thanks for the follow. Have a great rest of the week.
Hi! Still confirming but targeting Saturday at 8:30am at Dove Valley
any examples? Even theoretical?
you should send that precious piece of blackmail to me ;)
awesome shows about the Lincoln Highway (road trip!!), farmers markets and replica architecture! Great stuff!
A1 Audio adds character, nuance, intonation, sarcasm etc. It adds a whole dimension where text and images alone cannot.
Chris Brown you asked for celebrity and you got it now handle it like a MAN!
what team are you meeting with?
The Region 7 APS panel is now reviewing the LAST application, #120045 Waterline Church.
Evelyn a real bitch. Lol she said let me tell you what's different from me than most bitches. put her ass in check. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
damn does she use a any form of time delay in her emotions?
It's a blessing. Look forward to hearing great things. I would love to take a trip.
Funny how fb and t-er brings old friends and family together
Nite world! See you tomorrow.
September is here! Yea! FUN times in the #ROC DM me your FUN stuff if you want me to tweet it up!
Ops. Sorry about that.
That's the spirit! I have some friends who will go out to dinner, play on their iPhones the whole time. Movies, iPhone. SMH.
YMCMB baby's
yeah it's hard enough for adults to agree, let alone the youth factor. And stats are hard because trafficking is so often...
Just watched journalist Nicholas Kristof speak about human rights, gender equality and his book"Half the Sky." Amazing.
33 HOURS 'til tips-off vs Syracuse! Join us at the usual haunts, & , for Sweet 16 specials!
If you have a link, to a story, it should go to the story.
Library Joy RT : Sweet, the new wifi setup in the library uses 8.201x instead of the VPN client. I can use pandora now!
Training for Balena is officially underway!
Did I really just see two cops walking the beat? Damn vintage activity.
u are so right. *seriously* depressing.
what about Jerry Sloan?
or Tin Duncan
He is a dope or he is Dope? RT : WOW...have you seen freestyle??? dope
New to pandora and actually really like it.
lol are you asking why i think its good to be close to your family????? haha I couldnt live very far from my family id go
Are promotional products are expensive? Nope - highly cost-effective IF done right. Ask us how.
Its Friday Baby!!!!
Thanks! The weather was really perfect. Twas a good time.
I'm mad as hell cause I'm tired
I'm sure they have...I guess they know what they are doing though
LMAO I WAS LIKE WHYS IT DOING THIS and the girl that sat next to me turned it off cause I was like oh my what'd i do
With no Butthead in the world, Beavis would’ve been an aimless, mumbling, wannabe cartoon. #designmatters2011 #reno designmattersnv.org
It sure does! RT This day keeps getting better and better!
Having game playing visitors make tin foil sculptures is a great activity.
(In fact, you could substitute her dad for mom, ex-wife, ex-husband, ex-girlfriend, ex-boyfriend, any relative, friend or co-worker
it's gorgeous!
me, too.
For unto us, a Child is born. Merry Christmas. I can never express my gratitude for the significance of this blessing
tomorrow should be fun ;)
I dunno. I don't mind all the new stuff, but I'm a minimalist. Plus, that's just Nike's look right now. Hats are a +
If you could be anyone who would you be and why?
Time for some change...can't be stuck in the same situations and spots anymore.
That was a nice surprise... today is gonna be a great day after all.
woah make the ground move , that’s an ass quake . built a house up on it , that’s an ass state . roll my blunt on it , that’s an ass tray ."
it will take 2 yrs to be shovel ready, Mitt, that will not work for NOW go to work, and you say?
Tons, I need D to send them tomorrow, it was a total blast!! I never thought I'd be doing shots with Laird! Wowee!
Picture is LOCKED!!
Did you blow him?
Broadway is screwing with my emotions today my god
are you kidding me
Come on Packers. Put this one away!
It's always a good day for Panda Express
Aha dont worry! we'll be recieving more from the great old ass mountain tonight.something about a snow storm ! No power hour! lmao.
my iphone its only 100 dollars cuz my line will be disconnected tomorrow so I'm going to be with my sis on her line.. S ...
Nods RT“: 15 unanswered points by #MTSU to win...WOW”
#Echelon3000 tonight! & performing live!! #SmartGirl ! Everybody FREE ALL NIGHT !
That's exactly what I wish to know!
Rx2you.com is now in Spanish
So proud of my boys!
Oh dear. "Nation of Islam" is one thing... RT : heh got "the country of Islam" one time
Verlander starting where he left off. . . has two-hit shutout going in the 5th with 4K's.
With this in mind, it's best not to take public favor too seriously. If they dislike you in 20 minutes, take it in stride :D
hello! how are you?
LOVE The Cutting Edge! And the sequels are fun, too, though not nearly as good.
Sleep.. Sleep.. Sleep time soon.. Z..z Tempo per dormire.. #ciao!
is learning HTML and CSS...yikes!
The time has come for public shaming.
Laura Lawson did much of her research using records of community gardening initiatives over the last 150 years.
yeah its not even that expensive 52 is not bad & thats for any seat but front row sold out ):
you too!
Ha! Ok, I might need a bit more time. I'll get a chance around midnight, most likely.
Come on out and join in all the FUN :)
Medical Helicopters: Worth the Cost, Risk?
I was out and only saw the highlights but consensus seems to be that the Prez was funnier.
few weeks seems like a really long time though. I love you baby.
Science Project!!!
HAPPY NEW 2012 WILL BE AWESOME!!!
No problem <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>RT : thanks for the follow
church, then library later to finish this science project.
at my grandmothas gosh i feel so much better here
#MJtrial Defense came out swinging today telling jury, this is not a reality show, it's reality. However, probably too little, too late.
Best place to play hide and go seek!!! Walmart and take walkie talkies along with you.
Counting down the days until you arrive in Orlando. :)
Jason ate my gum:( jason youh owe me gumx) cus Youh ate mines even though it was in my Mouth xD :)ILYShawty<3
But we're so sorry you had to change your plans yesterday! :(
I am the proudest, and probs the youngest fan I know.
the 17 wasn't much better!
I been a fan since justin was 15 and i will all ways be:)
At Del Boca Vista, making breakfast for myself. Estelle is ironing, Frank is hovering, asking, "how can you eat that?"
Most definetly yeah
im watching harrypotter live!
GOAL for the Desert Dogs
have you had users migrating from dv3.5 to dv4 with permission issues in previously running wordpress installations? Befuddled.
wow that pic was a while ago!!:)
Hope its him lol
I really hope Game 1 doesn't start on Sunday...
Any difficulty I meet today offers me a chance for even greater #happiness; it guarantees my growth. Each Day a New Beginning -Karen Casey
want to be in a blaxploitation web series?
Studio tonight!
Miller: Which identifiers do I invest in? Library identifiers are trust-worthy
Happy Mother's Day, by the way.
The Giants defense is absurdly bad
the one with the football is ok but does it have to be an official ball?
Wow! We love
All those who criticized Popovich for resting players, I think it's safe to say he knew what he was doing. Should be COY for sure.
Hey bro your account is sending out spam DM's. Just an FYI
No, thankfully, I was with Erica all day.
I can talk with you about total hours and compensation. We could extrapolate some good stuff from that.
I agree, I like Ireland better but I still thought London was cool.
thinkn bout da ex's and seeing which was da best..
Who will have the most #homeruns in the #MLB #homerun derby tonight?
Thanks...one of those is following me, and I found that odd.
A quantitative study? Maybe, you should do one? You gots an army at Tech that love that sort of thing.
Oh rain how I love you!!
You inspire me. #DoveInspired thanks for promoting women!
Good morning and happy Monday everyone!!! get ready to start a healthy and amazing week.
dang your lucky! :) I might be going to LA concert if I go I tell him you say hola :)
I'm done lmao .
Thanks for the RT Bob! :-)
Twitter Follow also on DJMAXXCT
On a day like this I question why I still see a dentist in Harper woods. I just like the guy
Attitude is everything. -Diane von Furstenberg-
I would love to come to Oklahoma. But with my work schedule it would be hard for me to get off that soon. Gonna Memphis!
I feel so accomplished in life when I twist an Oreo , and it doesn't break .
I hate when people talk shitt
u would make me the worlds happiest girl if you RT reply or follow <3' so happy that I just can't explain it in 150 characters ^.^
me too lol vladtv paying me for weird tweets like dat.
If you knew wat it took you would work for every you get
The demonstration went well...the kids really showed out!!! Hope to see you soon!!
Students, with $10 you can be an #ALPFA member w/ cash left over for other things like coffee! Contact your school chapter for info
Our biggest feat is rural distribution. Nokero is making the world a better place by creating ‘impact inventions’ with global applications.
Ex-Detroit Pistons player Adrian Dantley hardly missed a basket in one Detroit Pistons game that I watched, many years ago.
Shooting a video on South Beach
Sour diesel ,white widow kush by the boatload
RT: "You're glad it's the weekend? You should tell all your Facebook friends!" Who does this remind you of?
I Cary I go one direction
Floating a loan is a unilateral decision with multilateral casualties if it sinks.
Thanks for Fountain!
aw i just got what yu said cuz i just scolled down n saw ha tweet lol i wasnt talking about mrs.ikill4oreos
This girl has some weird tweets haha I like them
looking forward to #socialchange w
Almost done with this paper. Sweet.
cont'd...a Spicy Tuna/Salmon roll and Fried Rice from my group. Sake and a cranberry vodka to finish it off.
Prom Weekend >>>>>
I do, and especially for the long haul, but we will see
#NP: It's About Time- Hieroglyphics
lol yes that was so funny;***
Driven by success, accept nothing less.
Well I'm lonely, but I ain't that lonely yet
You may not be interested in war, but war is interested in you. ~ Leon Trotsky
i was told that shenwill be 15
John Stossel is an idiot.
lol nice. Happy mothers day
thanks for following us. We'd love to work with you all to screen our film
Better drink some more juice fast!
FNC's Shepard Smith giving Romney grief on the air for "wearing mom jeans." I have no words.
Looks like Tory majority, NDP opposition, Bloc wiped out. Two out of three ain't bad
You, Kirstin, me, dinner. How does a thurs/fri/sat night sound?
thanks girl!
Please DO NOT support SOPA. It will hurt Louisiana webmasters and others who make a living from the internet.
you guessed it
DON'T LEAVE ME!
Basic model of Instructional design ADDIE (Analysis/Design/Development/Implementation/Evaluation: repeat)
There sure are a lot of twitter chats springing up lately..anyone started #poopchat yet?
its always been there.
Beware straining your abs from laughing too much if you follow and
I'm super duper excited for Disco Skate tomorrow! I miss my ACSP family already...
What I hate more than people who are weak? People who has give up.
Taxes are done! Many thanks to the wonderful volunteers at VITA
i'm pretty comfortable with the fact that if i never write a ny times bestseller, my critical analysis of pride and prejudice would suffice
When DO YOU sleep? Bigger question, with whom?
Thanks Harry!
Tweeting under the influence
“This wasn't a choice between you and Jacob. It was a choice between who I am and who I should be.”
Kids and I are sitting around with coffee (me) & freshly baked lemon cupcakes. Feel free to join us. Although it is bright here.
Wouldn't it be CRAZY if the whole Harry potter series was all a dream?
biden: "dude, you said 'no homo' under your breath too, right?" obama: "oh most definitely." *fist bump* *giggles*
Yeah. And I can only work with what I'm given. Ha ha ha
Hazards of academia: had to postpone my monthly hair appointment for more time for dissertation revisions.
Follow back plz?
I'M SO HONORED. “: My fave part of the holiday is when livetweets his trip home. #love”
Smart Watering Tip: Frequently adjust sprinkler heads so that water stays off the pavement—and on your lawn. #SmartIrrigationMonth -
#AMNHbeyond Vimeo is sharing its communities best vids on space travel at the Hayden Planetarium after our preview for Beyond Planet Earth
Loving the 1001 ways to be a better blogger session!
Hey how r u
planted today: lettuce, chard, beets, dill, basil, tomatoes, zucchini, hollyhocks, marigolds.
All I see are the impurities, the unclean and obscene.
well i'm 5 foot..
something MANLY, of course. ;-) #Cabernet Sauv
": When Christine laughs so hard she throws up >>>>>>" didn't actually throw up...lmfao but definitely wasn't able to breathe
So. Much. Blood.
Don't forget, WE ARE NEW MEXICO! This is our conference now, BYU & Utah are gone..
RT : Want a quick, affordable, home makeover? Add a dramatic touch by painting crown molding, doors, and accent walls. http:/
Is there an adjustment to PER for April basketball?
Headlining at International Summit in Konstanz: Nick Van Eede of Cutting Crew ("Died in Your Arms" "Been in Love Before")
Stalactite: Hold on tight | Stalagmite: Push with all your might. | StalagGreg: Flex your biceps and everybody likes you.
just wait till all you order is the venti with 3 extra shots of espresso.
The peanut butter cups I stuffed in my backpack before leaving are the only things getting me through this day
Sorry I'm not sorry!
ALL MODELS NEEDING ASSISTANCE W/ THERE CAREER COME JOIN #HLE YOU RECEIVE FREE PHOTOSHOOTS & FREE VIDEO PLACEMENTS! HIT UP
Epiphany on my mind.
Critics are saying Lil Wayne's next album "I am not a Human Being 2" is like his "Carter II" album. Suppose to drop before this summer.
Man, the William Goldsmith segments of the Foo Fighters documentary are HEAVY.
Weren't the recalls supposed to be referendum on Governor and his policies? If so, do the results show the people of WI #standwithWalker?
enjoyed the re-tweet and being a part of your
But of course, this is only for our fans that are 21+. Enjoy more than responsibly. Everybody have a safe fiesta tonight!
Apologizing, Rush compares bc pills to running shoes. Rush clearly doesn't know anything about birth controll
Ally: 'I took that in, but not in a deep way..more in a cerebral way. I heard it, but I'm not really thinking about it. Because I'm tired.'
i did once, for like 2 min. only because my mom was getting ready.
well the light rail is reliable.
thanks for that
This is my 200th tweet and it will be just like the last 15. Follow me so I can dm you my secret plan to help my bff.
But you did! Forgot to mention that last night
That be awesome if you could silently register every douchbag and asshole you encounter into scared straight programs!!!
Jay-Z & Kanye West: "Lift Off" Feat. Beyonce you gotta listen to it. Kanye is always taking music to another level and haters can't deal!
Today's Restaurant Special: Jumbo Chicken Cordon Cheddar Dinner Only $11.95!
Oh ok! and I got you the condoms just in case lol
: Yes. For sure.. I miss you :D
McIntire was against ping pong diplomacy...how would Forrest Gump have played in China without it
We are in the process of transitioning our website over to WordPress. Bear with us! We're excited about what's to come!
Not sure! I learned in Spanish in college and with the guys in the kitchen when I waitressed at a Mexican restaurant.
Stop loving the ones who hurt you... & stop hurting the ones who love you...
GREENROOTS ON FIRE
Remember the Home and Garden Market DALLAS is Sept 11-13 @ Dallas Market Hall!!!!
hearing about the stuff you said/did when you were fucked up> lol
YES. RT : Robin said today that Dunn will play some LF at Wrigley Field this weekend
That was so cute! :3
Never allow a moment to stop you from accomplishing all that you are supposed to. Trust in what you know, and go forward!
Niggas appreciate a chase. That would get you gal'd up faster than opening your legs would
what's up though:)
Pretty amazing to see retweet - an amazing neighborhood team leader with !
your telling me.
: Very true... Very, very true...
I love riding ucsd buses there are always cute girls. (;
girl u aint no barbie, i see u work at arbys!
They nasty
Wait , is it true that the boys like it when girls wear toms !? :oo
Harley's are also noisy and don't get great mileage. My Honda 150 is quiet and gets 80+ mpg.
Ion think ima ever make it home.
RT : Depression is not uncommon among retired athletes. Should be more resources for athletes who need to seek mental help.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there! :) <3
ATL almost blew that one.
no i cant il do 1 this weekend tho
hairy gloves?
Woo hoo! Congrats!
missing my #atl girls
Thanks for following us! Have a great Thursday.
Go get em' tiger!
tell him to call me, the +1-646 number
great soo far hope yours is going well to love!! muah
Party it up!
girl. i can't believe you said that. my mother-in-law says the SAME thing. whut?
is killing it this morning.
The most foolish kind of a book is a kind of leaky boat on the sea of wisdom; some of the wisdom will get in anyhow. - Oliver Wendell Holmes
great post about Finley.
I wonder how old #oomfs is........he seems 12 but I know he can't be
When ever I make a remix line to a song I think of
just sent you and email. Love to meetup on campus at our incubator...thanks!
Licking Valley High School is a joke
and be free...till I'm dead. I actually got told to tidy my room yesterday, wtf I'm 21, that hasn't happened since I was 12
Worry worships the words of the of the enemy
At our favorite sushi spot with yum!!
Ordered my Arduino gear to get a jump on a class next semester. Also have been meaning to jump in for some time. Can't wait to play w/it!
is probably gonna get hundreds of necklaces on the mail just cuuz he needs a neew one;)
i love indie music ok
boys enjoyed acting wkshop friday good with monologs
Listening to Resurrection Sundays on At 9am Steve West will pay tribute to an old friend & my first boss in radio Robin Rockwell.
cool! I'm walking - see you there!
I try to keep my word.Most of what I say I will do, no matter if I like it or not.
it`s only a over an hour till we can hang..... Thats too longg \:
Always next season Grizz!
I voted for #PR9anthonyryan for #ProjectRunway Fan Favorite.
lays my head on your legs and says i hate havin haters
If you see a model, you might see me follow.
Target should be the obvious. The money in politics has to go. IT IS POSSIBLE IF WE THE PEOPLE GET TOGETHER VIA INTERNET & DEMAND IT.
That mini heart attack you get when you reach in your pocket and your phone isn't there.
Scientific notation? When are we ever going to use this outside of class???
Gah! Client meeting, but if I'd known you'd be in the 'hood... Next week perhaps?
hola. Since last I've seen you I realized ur titis only friend who actually speaks out loud
Puns suddenly filling my head with derp.
tweet me a # and a question and I'll tell you which ICONic Boy looks good with you![:
Fuck this bar.
I'm DJing an all-female hockey tournament party tonight for the third year in a row. Can't wait - they get rowdy!
Advocates Push Federal Law Allowing Same-Sex Parents to Adopt - The Ledger
Martha says thanks and she loves you!
“: When someone tells you, you wont make it, just laugh and prove them wrong.”
would you mind following back? (=
I should go back to my old ways n start exposing hoes
Also, they think that having a baby will provide them with love-they forget they need to provide love and LOTS more to baby
Want a promote? RT this or mention me then promote me first then I'll promote you(; leggoo
Our mattress cleaning technique quickly eliminates dust mites and dust mite remnants for a more hygienically sound sleep environment
Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity. -Kahlil Gibran
*cough cough* CLAIRE *cough cough cough* sorry!! something must have gotten stuck in my throat ;)
I'm blown away by the talent Davey (Ben Fankhauser) revealed his quadruple-threat-ness on a 10.
Sounds like fun! We were all thrilled to see spring finally make an appearance!
I was wondering why you never replied. I guess you just replied to yourself. Haha. Oops.
Insert image of shaking head here lol...
I don't remember!
How did it go? It's a great place to work.
it's a serious problem. I've heard the same thing from several people already.
“: IN ranked 5th best place to do business in US in 's"---so that RTW legislation really was unnecessary
haha I have a feeling I'm going to fail her class.. -.*
Of course I do. So when you moving down? Lol
If it doesn't move and it should, use WD-40
cool story bro...
Thanks for reaching out.
": LOL! Ya r lives our INTERTWINED but we shall c!"Yes we shall but I believe so N don't come for my spelln
Somewhere in my house is a wrinkle in the space-time continuum containing roughly 1,000 guitar picks.
..excellent. I'll let you know when I get one. Have your kindle book on it. #rialta Lookiing forward to it. Enjoy Vegas.
I want my baby to be out the pin already!
Recovering at home from some major surgery over the next few weeks....
If I miss this, will you post? I've bought 42 boxes of cookies from 3 different enterprising Scouts. Help?
Im soo lazy ; I don't want to go to the bathroom..
One game? One game?! Try every crucial game that LeBron has ever played in!
praying for u
I love how hearing, or seeing the word 'smile' makes me smile.
Much love love to all the haters, lovers & all in between. The RBB ain't for everyone, but for the ones in the know...hellz yeah!!
maybe some post sex ed too
yeah we were both disappointed. The action was supposed to be above the rest, but I thought it was worse.
Artist management needed for recording contract wanted
lol I know it is
I WISH I LIVE IN MIAMI SO I CAN BE IN YOUR PHOTOSHOOT #11:11wish
I hate washing my hair -___- it takes forever to dry
B.C. doles out $400K in outside PR contracts
GiAnTs WiN Woo!!!
Inspiration of the day: My friend who does her job with purpose and passion!
hahaha I'm sick so I'm jus chillin and ion care cause I got da Macy's job so she can fire me if she want
An hour and half later we are all set. Healthy and ready for another year! Thank you Paulie for everything!!
Nice guys finish last. Awesome guys finish on her face.
Aw come on throw UR Hooligans a TwitterBone it's been days since we heard from U. How many songs have U finished 4 the 2nd album?
Word of the Day:Masterdate-A set date between an individual and subscription based Internet pornography can be preceded by dinner and drinks
LOVE my staff! You are all so creative and thoughtful! Mama Mel...
is THT ur girlfriend??? O.o
Needs some thankful Victoria people. What are you thankful for?
we are obviously not hanging w the right kind of crowd, or we'd know the answers to those questions.
I Know!!:( This Was Their Year, They Worked So Hard & Just Because 1D Is Foreign, They're Getting Fame They Didn't Work For
Sometimes questions are more important than answers.-- Nancy Willard
Ha- I guess I was only on 1666 for a second, but I'll take the good mojo!
Y'AL FOLLOW HE'S SO AMAZIN YOU'LL JUST FALL IN LOVE WITH HIS TWEETS JUST PLSE FOLLOW WONT REGRET IT
RT "I wish to exchange this flash-of-lightning faith for continuous daylight, this fever-glow for a benign climate."~Emerson
just inefficient, turnover prone, bad defender
Getting ready to go out with my girl to support her husband at his album release party!! Now thats what its all about.
So far it's very quiet...here's hoping the whole day stays this way
#Wow. I dub you #King of the
At this time all connectivity issues should be resolved. We apologize for any frustration & inconvenience this may have caused.
#TheView Love Whoopie but she needs to stop wearing throw rugs. Get a stylist honey!
You know what music means.. Its God's way of reminding us that we are not alone in this universe.--The Wizard.. August Rush Movie
how are the women out there? (;
my life is a joke.
OKay, got it. Maybe you shoulda just invited them here! :-D
I really hope I offended sum1..
Your GIS Day event looks great! Soon, there will be more info provided about Temple's GIS Day talks.
This makes me think you have at least two creepy assistants.
nothing good (weather wise) ever comes from Oklahoma. That state gets some crazy weather.
That tweet reminds me, do you have plans next Thursday? Want to be my +1 to SIFF opening night?
I hate people. I'd enjoy life all by myself.
Some people just piss me the fuck off.
bs that million dollar man turned out to be a cheap bastard
Late night catch up of #revenge. Obviously.
Really! Person mentioned herbal weight loss prod on my pintrest. Like I don't know I'm chubs! Working on it au natural! Exercise & Clean eat
yo! I need to do that man..
Watch the Reds Game <3 Dear Mr Cozart, I'm in love with you.
The Heat = unbeatable. Lebron will close out the big games in the 4th quarter w/ late game heroics, ending all doubts re: confidence
Get Rich or Die Trying was actually the name of Mark Twain's biography.
...well this sucks
That hurts denver so much. RT : Denver's Corey Brewer has a left eye laceration
Indoor hula hooping gets noisy
RT : Primantis farts on the PACKED bus. HA!!
I hope RNG wins ABDC<3 you guys are amazingly good(: if that made sense:P haha Follow me(:?
okay dokay. I will be sure to do that as soon as i can(:
Shout out to my new followers and thankz
A prophecy? Oh.
figured out how to do time lapse using the D3000. You'll need a Mac :)
kid threw a no hitter today 18 k's Atta boy chape
Eyeliner is a bitch to get off.
thanks and see you there
Innovators music wish u an amazing,fun filled christmas and a great event filled and everyday blessed 2012.carry ur uniqueness into 2012.
To Edmonds I will go! Excited :)
Successful venison recipes for hubby's Manfeast last night: chili and stew.
Yep! no problem. ya'll look like a great band. *Livin4TheNight*
#Truth RT : Fuck it all and fucking no regrets.
Where are you? Seattle or DAR
Who would have thought that my own family would make me cry. I thought you were my brother... What ever. I made a mistake..
You're welcome :) RT Ch-ch-ch-changes - makes us want to sing David Bowie. ( ... TY)
haha.. at least I'm not the only one...
thanks I def will try ...but doubt it here for 2weeks for work not really for pleasure
I never doubted you! Wonderwoman :) Thank you so much.
Get yo R&B beard havin ass outta here
I need a new alarm or somethin cause I just keep turning this one off no problem
never ever ever say tht
#JPMorgan's new $2B fiasco doing nothing to dispel notion Americans suck at math.
Waco can keep him : Ted Nugent moved to Waco, Texas many years ago. We Michiganders do not claim him as one of our own.
Wow... that's the Ducks attack we know and watched fly to the National Championship game. 20-0. LaMichael to the house.
It was the morn of St. Patrick's and all through the house, not a creature was drinking yet, not even the mouse.
now to catch up on
And goodbye cable!
emilie no one likes u so shut up
Living 2day like Half-Baked the movie...
“: 'sup, Boo? I need attention.” Everytime I eat pizza or gyros I think of u. Then cry.
Hey! Give a flower to a candidate of your choice. Just tweet back. Or throw a turd at a candidate. Just tweet back!
I hope that we can help as well. If you have questions, please do not hesitate to ask!
Had a blast doing the photo shoot yesterday. Love our great vendors Chasen Shaw Entertainment, RM Photography, and Eventures.
Karaoke from anywhere, anytime. You are your own rock star!
because I hate you-_- and we are getting foreclosed because I hate you
The word of the day is "haboob." Headline on CNN.com today: "Massive haboob hits Phoenix"
Thai food? RT I feel like I'm missing out on something.
How much chocolate and coffee can one person consume on a Friday afternoon? Nom nom
made it! morning's not too shabby so far :)
yea Ashley .........I get it haha WOW jk
Great com
Gearing up and getting ready for tomorrow's first big shoot this semester!
Does anybody else watch The Legend of Korra besides me? I love that show
Imma be fat this summer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
That's just cold. Or hot. Or...none of this is coming out right.
#HappyHumpday! Text FacebookPJ to 90210 for your chance to win a #FREEPIZZA. Normal messaging rates apply.
you have no idea...I can only sleep at night if I imagine it's voice sounding like Antonio Banderas.
I know my keys are here somewhere because I needed them to get in. But I have looked everywhere.
Going to indulge in the #MuppetsMovie today. Very excited. Big fan of and puppets; put em together and it's insta-laughs.
#?? Pearl Izumi Women's Inrcool Ella Short | Women's Cycling ...
New Capitalizer!!! You can thank Pam for telling us about you! Follow back!
the streak will always live on!
RT : #BackWhenIWasAKid i use to hate taking naps .. now i cherish every moment of them .. GRANDMA MARIE NAPS
9 RT : how old are you?
FYI everyone! RT : #Facebook will start converting all users' profiles to the new Timeline feature "over the next few weeks."
So Asian creations right ? #ProudAsian :') You made my day, my mom and my brothers say thank you. Whitey.
My mom has so much prom shit to pick up today
#News A 14 yr old teen who has been missing since 2010 was mistakenly deported to Colombia and is now sitting in a detention facility
The magic is all you RT : still in awe of the phrase "The Lipsky Ten" cheers to for making magic happen...
3 days till , who's going?
Who's ready for some Super Bowl grub and brews?!
RT : I CANNOT Stress enough, how funny and good #ThinkLikeAMan man is. Go see it and support!!!
I think you might have to search on the hashtags for discussion purposes. Look what happens when you search on
Feeling like making some things happen!!
With Peter is #WhereYouBelong Olivia!
2:20... I hope Sarah knows I may close up early... maybe the doctor won't come in
lOOOOOOOOOOOOL wut. In your dreams? Goottaa get that shit checked nigggg. And you have some things to tell me..
Haha! Thats a way to do it! Did you see any famous people? :)
#safewayj4u Manufacturer vs Store Coupon - save $ is generally a manufacturer coupon - dollar points are generally store.
re: 76yo hot yoga. that's pretty awesome. thnks for sharing
yes! i have been lots before..the funny part is NYC is so not like most of America..probably much like Sydney! :)
Well.... Freaky
Wars are fought with weapons, but are won by men. The spirit of men who follow and of the man who leads that gains victory.-George S. Patton
I GOT A KAYAK FOR MY BIRTHDAY WITH A PINK LIFE JACKET.
wow. Not fair!!
Tough loss tonight against BC, phones on text messages only please!
Done eating.... Layin down looking paranormal state!
my lil homie. what's up girl?
Tweet me for a shout out. :) and when I return from church I shall give you guys one.
One more set to play tonight
getting ready for church myself. sounds like you are already there...
haha I here ya!
I wish I was going somewhere tho..
Good Morning & Happy Friday Everyone
RT : Tune in tonight for sponsored by as we talk MMAVICTOR and w/
I ship and together <U+2665> Yeah i went there. Be Jelly :-)
#NoManShouldEver make eye contact with another man while eating a banana
so do leos...we the real freaks
Legs hurt -___-
Follow me I love fitness; I am the princess of swim & gym!! I was the agent to many soap stars
Hey! Follow ME dammit!
Weird not to see a single Hmong, Somali or Ethiopian representing on your #40under40 list,
#Packers RT Former Saints defensive lineman Anthony Hargrove will lose $388,236 for his 8-game bounty suspension.
Where are you coming from? Starting at both ends of the line, and downtown.
awh thank you!
watching #Survivor 1World- balance beam challenge can beat down the leaders, let the underdogs catch up
haha me too ... seriously
Awesome! Did you finish them?
why forcing?
you're so beautiful
2012 Phenom Camper ° Jr Phenom: Armani Marsh °Rising 8th Spokane, WA °Travel Team: Spokane Select Warriors °Point Guard 5’4
Agree - But then you'd have to agree that league controlled franchise wld not sneak outta town in middle of the night
OMG Ibi coming on?!
Nothing like a Twitter convo to get the creative and inspirational juices flowing. Thanks for sharing!
...and I ain't a Republican. I just know it's diametrically opposite the Constitution. Hey, how 'bout this sunshine today, it's great! :)
Eggs of an hour, bread of a day, wine of a year, a friend of thirty years. Italian Proverb
“: 'That's a huddle I'd like to be in the middle of.' - John Inverdale on the French rugby team #kinkybitch”. Loll do u blame him?
Everyone go like Floodlight Records ;]
I've been watching lots of 9-11 documentaries this past week. So many sad stories and wonderful stories of heroism.
Hi Kevin, thanks for Tweeting about Scrubly! We really appreciate your support.
UNFOLOWING EVERYONE RIGHT NOW UNLESS U FOLLOW NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thanks for following us!! God bless!!
but even more than that, I hate missing any opportunity to cheer for and let him know how proud I am of him <3
we do it the old-fashioned way in our Meals Program: paper, pencil and excel.
goodnight twitter. :)
The night is young and reckless.
today you are blondeasaur apparently
"We had to get into our scramble mode, and I thought it went well until we got tired." - Coach Mike Anderson, Univ. of Arkansas
We have a song for you !! It's called "Are You Ready For This" by John Karl - We will play it for you !!
hope all is well everyone!!!
I just finished a 5.05 km run with a time of 32:27 with Nike+ GPS.
shit don't make no sense
ion think alot of mfs know what that feel like lol
Haha. I suppose that's true. But fired? For on time? Tough crowd is all :)
maybe the government should ban (limit) thesauruses; De Coster might be more convincing with a less stilted writing style.
The first time I heard that, that we have the mind of Christ, I admit I was floored
I just read an article that said is the hottest social network of 2012. Welp, I guess that means my mom is way cooler than me.
Fuck #sessionbeer day - I'm drinking T.B.A by Stone/FatHeads/Bear Republic 7 % ABV. Interesting brew, hopped to hell but way drinkable.
OMG! I would to!!! Freakinay!! Haha and if you ever did you should mention me! :D hahaha lol
I hope the don't think their really the hottest team after basically only playing the padres.. c'mon man
Nope I Have A Little Brother
In case I'm the last person to have known about the exquisite, beautiful movie Circumstance, let me just say that I agree with all of you.
RT : If you want to hang around #Aries, #Leo & #Sagittarius, you'd better have thick skin.
Well Somebody Has To Keep You In Çheck <3
Tuesday Twist! Time for an afternoon coffee break. Pull out your MP3 player or ipod and hit shuffle! What song is playing??
anyone know if/where fiddlehead ferns can be found in DC?
Portlander offers to text people "occupy Portland" protest route, in real time to avoid delays on commute.
i am anxiously searching for us in here and being unsuccessful... help!
Don't count on #lgbt community being small.
thank you for the follow back i love you
Feb Blowout @ Buddys. Don't miss all the Deals. TV's, Computers, Bedrooms, Dinettes., Appliances. Come check us out and GET 5 WEEKS FREE
I just finished a 3.22 km run with a time of 20:43 with Nike+ GPS.
AHAHA Freaking Jesse, man. Dr. G trippin out about the lights. Hahah
A beautiful day! What a great day it is going to be heading to the gym then playing Risk... Happiness is war games with root-beer floats!!!
If you can't recognize game by now, then you're probably always gonna be the one getting played
I don't know who won the Oscars.
All I want to do is take a day off to nap all day, but I can never seem to nap on the days I actually have off.
ya otter take a picture!
RocRio introduce's the LéPaul Mens Collection by Rickie Lee coming soon!!
Would love to help drive the cause with Lets talk mud.
True class act... Best of luck wherever u end up OJ !!
I'm sorry but its not news if Alaskans are getting buttfucked by some big storm. Haven't you read any Jack London!?
RT : SCIENCE: Intelligent Design proponents admit having no explanation for the origins of Fred Phelps.
Holy shit, I'm about to get tattooed!!!!
Thanks & congrats. Let us know how it goes.
love how you are embracing your new life and new role in the DC community.
Adios Twitter <3 Finally on a computer! Deleting my account.
Why in the hell do we have history class? i think we should be more worried about our future, and not so much history.
what breakfast lol
Sitting in social studies with Morgan Will & Lane :)
Seminar NY Actors: Nicolosi & Co Legit Agent David Cash TOMORROW :30PM. Just $69! Email for info
Time to start working on the ol’ Halloween costume. What’s the best get-up you’ve ever seen?
hey austin follow me back please i love you so much<33
Micron puts large-capacity SSD in small package: Micron shrinks its solid-state drives but preserves the performance.
In McShay's latest mock, he has Buffalo drafting Floyd at 10. I wouldn't be mad at that.
You really fail when you sit back and try to understand why you failed - Sandipan Laskar
Thank you so much for sharing all of that. It does look amazing! What a treat!
On my way!
Keep MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE a TT ! keep tweeting it. <3
#2012AUGrad for AU_SIS - send your pics RT : Tweet us a picture from your graduation today - we wanna see :)
How do you know Trojan ate your favorite condoms?
Hummus sandwich at A LA CART
follow me on Quizazz people!!!!!!! my account Jessy!!!!!!!!!!
RT : Sucks that El Paso is getting the shitty part of the Scream It Like You Mean It tour. Lame.
SAFETY IN FUMBLERS......serious...
to bed i Go
I can't wait till I have a kid and they graduate from college
I love not having a first period :)
Thanks! We enjoyed helping out and doing our part to help you save lives!
when you're coming back to ATL ? Missed you last time !! xx
Grey meeting you . #Seomoz is a pretty cool place to work. We might have to do 80s day soon!
Boston Dynamics Big Dog (new video March 2008)
Wish I could just feel like myself again...
Why are there no hotels with 2 King beds!!! 2 fulls? Somebody measured wrong.
im glad to be in good health, and have a family <333
is that like those people who live in rundown shacks but drive BMWs?
Thanks, Laura.
Trace Cyrus will be my boyfriend by the end of bamboozle .
That was probably the loudest thunder I've ever heard. It sounded fake like out of a movie.
This is the point of the of the show where they ****tease us for 5 minutes.
Recruiting new clients on the #westside of
Melo make it look too easy.lol
Can you do some co-creation at the beginning of the semester so they have some ownership? Also surveys a couple of times...
Thank you for including my photo package in your publication!
Can't wait to look at the morning session notes!
RT : #MusicianTalk my dudes & are some DOPE soulful be-bop line players.
my beautiful bella
Welcome to Happy Mailbox! Dedicated to getting you free samples, coupons, checks, gift cards and magazines... straight to your mailbox!
My account was hacked yesterday. I've changed my password so let me know if you guys are still getting weird messages.
That Aoki is A Okay.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> HAHAHAHA omg I am the worst drunk texter & tweeter huh lol good thing you're so smart <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Google enters big data analytics fray - ZDNet Asia
What pros should we be following on ?
Let's go to Klusos club or however you spell it!!?
Come enjoy some brunch post #cucb10miler. We open at 10:30!
We will look into that.
. is wise. Follow her dangit. (Bad that I didn't know how to work the Twitters? I wondered about that one...)
Just gettin in now back out the door with him
I DID
After talking to you about földíng làundrÿ the other day, I have been spammed-out-the-butt about a "hame" relating to it.Have you?
Russian hipsters and motorists announce political ambitions - RT
wow autocorrect.... Makes**
Rey, watch your blood pressure.
What about pants? Don't you hate pants?
Which one are you in the pic
Please place statements on your products encouraging youth to stay in school, do better, and graduate.
Good luck to my Apple crew launching the new iPad. See ya at 5!
... Thank you for introducing Userlytics' White Label version!
That's a sick unibrow
Good Morning everyone, going to NYC tonight to my sister's Fashion Show this should be fun. :)
Central Hudson is some bull*hi* !....is there another carrier in Dutches I can mess wit???
I just wanna know who! #fuck!
Just hosted a funny show w/ on talking about Amanda Bynes' DUI and project glass! Stay tuned for vid!
We Are Going To FIGHT.
Join our Citizens on Segway Patrol, we will train you to ride these amazing vehicles!
If Men gotta down talk otha Men that mean yu know yu aint that nigga yu wanna be..Yu cant stand tha man in the mirror..
RT I live my life how i want to live it! Dont need no ones approval! / Amen lol :)
You may want to scale it include trailers that had scenes that were totally different than advertised
#scms12 on anderson on imagined communities constituted via print: now via networks as a series of yous not a collective we
Okay my shoulder is fucked up
nice, so you can cover that one song they did? quickest cover band set of all time.
what song ?
... Please continue sponsorship for . The were used today and great TV time!
Just ran into former WIUSers (and current CNN producers} Nick Lalonde and Sam Krumov downstairs at the Georgia Dome
Did you kill the homeless guy? I'm not saying you should have, but if you did, you could totally tell me. My lips are sealed.
Beat the rain at Lottie's Lounge! We've got the freshest drinks & drink-makers in the city!! Lots of infusions too...
Janis Joplin died on this day in 1970 of a heroin overdoes. Bummer.
Just registered for the Marine Corps Marathon on October 30. Finally planned ahead and scored a spot. Very excited.
Lady gaga, please marry me. <3
Lavender and peppermint is a divine combination. Instant refresher.
Thank you Detroit! Truly enjoyed paczkis and everyone we met. To the start of a wonderful year.
so hyped!
Good morning! Yes, it is. Let's get our dose of Vit. D today. :-)
If the # holds 160 it will be the highest total in an NCAA tourney game since UNC/Nova in the national semi in '09 (161.5)
I don't like u
"Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end..."
If we had played Pick 3 from my daytime program, we would have won $40 today. Instead, I played Pick 3 with Lotto Sorcerer and didn't win.
The best thing about owning a car is all the yelling and sobbing you can do in it.
New 7 Blue Skies goal: "Make that Transformers money dawg!"
Right now that market is largely untapped
But will President #Obama produce #Osama bin Laden's official, certified, long-form death certificate!
you'd die ;) but it's okay, i'd die without you too bestfriend
Fun Fact: I don't have a backyard.
A bunch of people have my number who else wants my number!!! A whole bunch of people already have my number. #grr mike
oh no really? That's what screenwriters call "act 2 problems" I'll see it soon.
Road Trip!! Driving from Florida to New York today/tomorrow... Got 4 audiobooks queued up for the drive. What are you reading now?
so put ur worries on hold. Come on do it with ur rythem and ur soul. But for now Id like to ask you how?
No more of my hard earned funding to until uninformed and irrelevant, even idiotic, show is gone
're going to party kevin
just playin album the story and its still a dope ass listen. Check it out on www.frankieflowers2.com or ITunes
Me: Tomorrows Friday Teacher: yes! stop asking Me: Hell yeah, Drink in my cup (singin song blasting in my headphones) ! Teacher: -__-
hahaha Uhh..sure ,and ya know what's fun? Roadtrip to hurricane! #MUCHLOVE <U+E00E><U+E056>
thanks for streaming new album <3 SO GOOD I got my bf to buy the last #vinyl + #poster +#mp3s aren't I #LUCKY?
God damn. That epic breakdown in "Overthrown"
Allow an extra 30-60 mins in travel time for Saturday's ATL/NYY game. WWOS will be hosting multiple events that day, heavy traffic expected.
#Avs off to a hot start!!!
There is no telling how many miles you will have to run to chase your dreams ! <3
David Banner, keep that body right and tight!! Watching The Confidant.....
“Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.”
watching the Nomad gearing up for the masses ... 13th and Washington baby!
If I keep balding at this rate, I'll look like The Transporter by the end of my Fulbright.
Thank you. Sorry about that... "Yours truly" did not make it this weekend, but there were others...
touche. did you watch the video and toast with ya girl=) models and moscato video featuring moi
RT I wonder how many dudes took the other dudes side pieces out for Valentines Day......dumb ass. Do background checks.
WORLD PREMIERE OF OUR NEW SINGLE "MERCY" TONIGHT @ 10pm EST!!!
Ctfu "trying" to clown chris bosh...bitch he had talent!
I can't believe my brothers eating a Swiss roll fight now -.- ... its 7:18am #wheredidhecomefrom?
Cleaning my room looks more like an archeological dig right now. I think I just found some socks dating back to the Precambrian period.
Great question. I've been thinking about this lately. It's already a tool, though we aren't always ready to use it...
I'm beginning to think Optimus Prime is the best option right now.
Hand started to feel better today. Played my horn a bit, n the pain started back up. Waiting to see if the cortisone injection will help. :)
Me and babe got a cake for prom<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>
I expect today to be a "target rich enviroment for to carpet bomb Twitter with loads of
Is enough ever enough???? No, it isn't ever..... Lol! Just go with it ;-)
My job makes me happy! I was built 4 this
going back to school 2morrow :/ i hate that this is the last day of winter break.
Passengers stuck in 2nd car of N-Judah because doors won't open. Driver has to call for permission.5 mins so far.
I lost a boy tonight!
it does, it may not happen right away, but it will be better.
You are a miracle worker! Much better.
I actually like him. Sucks he's been having trouble. I have a soft spot for goalies. Dated one in high school.
Thanks to everyone who came out for The Scholar & Feminist 2012. See you next year!
Sorry. I wasnt gonna tweet it...I sware!
Thanks for the RTs and Have a good weekend.
I'm digging my new ankle boots. Let me know next time you buy shoes so I can copy you.
listening to man overboard while thinking about amanda seriously makes me reeeaaaally happy though like i am smiling so much
A glass of milk and a hard boiled egg make the perfect protein snack for weight loss.
Parents listen to your children when they are trying to tell you something! She is acting out trying to get her message across! #LISTEN <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0082>
//shakes head
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Colgate Dental Floss and most oral care products.
We will be holding volleyball leagues Mondays thru Thursdays, plus Friday night mixers for teams and players! Check site for info!
It all seems like yesterday, not far away.
Have you met him? I'm quite intrigued by HoL too. Haven't read in years, so it may be time again.
it's brown and rhymes with tennessee...
that's all the time! U going to New Mexico?
amazing how that dude could play at NBA level on the shit.
You can call Austin,TX weird all you want. But in reality it's just stupid.
I guess several of population on earth don't like it too :/ just guess
Well, let's see how many people we can get to follow me then, shall we? :) Put out the good word! :) Thanks
Chief Bill Lee need to immediately be removed. This is just ridiculous. #ArrestZimmerman Let him know.
Choreographed musical numbers from "13 The Musical" for the Advanced Acting Class at Carmel Valley Middle School, San Diego. Performances …
what it does cuz??
like hug him every now and then but just let him know u like him and u guys will grow closer
Happy T-shirt Christmas!! www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
Any chance of seeing you on Sherlock? Do you watch?
No day of rest for this girl: off to run 8 miles of trails in the mntns, then paddleboarding all afternoon, dinner with the girls tonight.
Tune into at 1230. Me & talk about the plunge & athlete Rickie Kelly's trip to Orlando.
OH : Couch:good NoSQL for mobile for various (sync) reasons; go Erlang! issues with MM of connections, confirmed by Ubuntu implementation
Nope, no Instagram for me. I prefer my photos as authentic, real and simple as it can be.
Thankful this am for all my Mommy friends for tips, tricks, advice, & support!
"wheel out"? iks he in a wheelchair?
WI Governor Scott Walker's approval of Republican bill removing MATC board members will lead to lost of FCC license for channel 10 and 36.
I know you did not mean to be harsh. Ava is beautiful and healthy so no need to explain. Love the show
:-). Good. I shall come by more often then
Great article! I'd love to see inside LP and how much I'm sure its changed.
Salute to fa da follow. I preciate it!
Thanks for the quickie, Chicago. See you in April. I have to get back now. I think Los Angeles is beginning to suspect.
hell yeah
Congrats on the Spirit of Defiance award! Very excited to see the film!
Hey girl. You can submit to us on our website. That is probably the easiest considering your location. :)
Lmao #LT I'm a fool
Another morning spent working on #poetry with students at #Cholla HS in #Tucson for the !
thank you <3 (:
I Love Youu...
Original #Micanopy is an 1821 settlement - Ellis is on the site of early plantation of Micanopy's first Indian Agent, Gad Humphrey.
Shine responsibly John!
Gingrich: "Our only opponent is Barack Obama". Yeah, it's just a person. Also he's black.
Yes, women LOVE The Kaiser, but hotties must control their emotions when near The Kaiser because their etiquette is being noted.
": NOT GUILTY"
Gotcha. Something I've always wanted to attend for sure.
This is a musical test....
Partied pretty hard tonight with & thanks to
Wow. New iPhone 4S is going to make the Chicago Cab Fare so much better!
This Lady Looks Jus Like Kris Jennfer...face lift and all
Love the labels!! They have a great Vintage feel, very nice.
Hanging out with and wife and the Pagan. Getting material for Sunday sermon.
A relationship works both ways not one trying and the other putting u off!!!
real talk...I am real impressed,nice job.
lmao! :-) Bout time for you to regulate. #90210 all day!
haha! it's nice to have a clan:P
U-G-L-Y you aint got no alibi
Dude no teacher and no sub?
Beastie Boys tribute mix on now!!!
where are you?????
You better attend the Holiday Charity Gala this year!
Go to bed, dear; it's almost 2 a.m. Nighty-night.
I know that this sounds weird, but for me it is absolutely bizarre to have pants that fit. There. I said it. I'd say it again if I had to.
dm me your number again!
re"check out my current film #savagedthemovie" I know that script Brionne -congratulations! I think Micheal Ojeda is brilliant
check out PollDaddy, made by the same folks as WordPress
Maturity doesnt come with age and respect isnt always given just because its due. Some #boys are just gonna be BOYS
If I have nightmares about smurfs and monkeys tonight, I know who to blame.
It makes me lazy
#waystosayyourbreathstinks How about you take a few steps back and then you talk?
does the Phx Coyotes think they are the Hawks were is this wide open play coming from?
Well. Aren't you just the classiest steeler fan ever. Are you all proud of yourself & smiling now? Oy. Enjoy your day.
Just cleared out cellphone voicemail - 1st time ever having max-ed out storage. A few messages 1+ year old. Yikes!! ThisIsYourLife
you no u should go on tiny chat more often
Nothing's gonna stop me
Anyone know any waterfalls in
Yum! RT : Join us for lunch and start off with a Baby Iceberg - smoked bacon, bleu cheese, tomato and russian dressing.
On Sarah Vowell suggests "geopolitical" as perhaps the only synonym for "f*cked up"
Just bought Laura Bush's new book. So excited to get home and read it!
Good night |-)
Hope 2 get it when I get back from MX! RT Yay! "The Charge" by arrived today! Can't wait to read it :-)
Hi Sally!
Ha! Never thought of that. But of course they'd have to pronounce all the r's too for it to sound right. :-D
Chaise Lounge Fan Appreciation Party and Record Release is TONIGHT! 10 Seats Left! You don't want to miss the Houdini Martini do you?...
Hm up till 6 am, up since 10...I need to get up
#YoGirlDontLoveYouIf she puts her friends before you!
I have a really long...torso.
Great Christian bands here tonight, this kat looks kinda like Xhibit.
shit chilling.. wat u been on
Anything for you. We see your high-five and raise it a cyber exploding-fist-bump.
could have looked hotter at the x factor premiere last night? just saying how i wanted to be her in '02. i'd take now too
like always
truly the school of the future. If you can, visit Fairfield Iowa and this school.
I'm so hungry :'( and of course everyone is eating around me -__-
best memory?? #askSarah (:
Hello how are you? We at Octologics would love to meet up with regards about Internet marketing let us know (561)541-3256
saturday night at work...rather be setting up my new house!
Where is everyone?! Come on out to backbooth! 5 dollars!
This frees you up to host TWIT's new gaming show! Fingers crossed!
My brother's getting inducted into NJHS today. Time flies... #proudsister =)
Hopefully we get to play the same place this year! No doubt you will make it!
I WILL KILL YOU!
You! RT : Who ? : o RT savemefromalie My best friend flirts with me sometimes everyone.
I think you should copyright "never trust a big butt and a smile"
I'm hungry
what your number mine is 2069306820
yep.. I'm so sore right now. lol it sucks.
RT : I'd tweet something shocking now, but you'd totally unfollow me if I did. ...assuming peeps are reading thy tweets, right?
lol yes i did
How are you doing tonight? :-)
Another client experiencing tremendous growth! Az Pain Specialists up 600% this year!
OMG fail. Something's going to have to get recorded... Which are you recording?
Perfect day outside for a game of soccer
just throw the rest under the bus huh
Up late with a sick child, momma to the rescue!
I dont even know if my grill will start in the weather? Ya na?
lift off. i just got off this #cocaine80s. cocaine80s.com
Happy Birthday Cody!!!!
tell him hi for me, I haven't chatted with him in awhile :/
Home after a perfect day with the others; Mom detail is complete. Waiting on a train & my boy ;)
RIP Anthony Montelongo....
Jalapeno-brined tomahawk chop w/ smoked cheddar bourbon mac/chz, topped w/ red wine demi bbq sauce. Other stuff 2, but not enuf room, sry!
and you were nervous about not knowing what to say.... #punny RT : Want to learn more about the #rawmilk debate?
Making those productivity moves happen! Choosing to start this week off right!
and hasn't notice me at all:(
One Direction And ICONic Boyz<3 My World Is Getting Much Better With Them In My Life<3
still deciding to do my show or not.
good to see boat humor is still appreciated. Didn't want to cause any waves.
scratch that & forgive me if I just caused you to daydream more...
me! Next year with ell and bebe
good for Lepchennko and Hradecka for crashing an all QF line up.
It's going to be a sunny weekend, they said. Sunday is going to be better than Saturday, they said.
that's because marrying cousins can reproduce, and it doesn't say in the Bible that it is immoral.
"If you don't drive your business, you will be driven out of business."
you basically have a sloth fetish
100th tweet has been brought up :) #morefollowersneeded have a good day, night or afternoon
lol true but it'd be better if I could spend it
This Wednesday join us in the Grad Lounge for a Chinese Coffee afternoon
Aha! Will look forward to the story.
yeah. Did my home girl Nicki leave yet? Lol
If I can be of any help.... Let me know. If not... I gotta go!!!
Clap when you spell a word.
Hey congrats on WireDoo, I will send the link to the feature later! Good luck with it all and always great to see you for a chat
Quenville will get fined more for commenting on refs than Torres for knocking out Hossa
Watching Max & Ruby with the kids....Max is a bad bunny
I did it I followed
I am thinking what I am thinking.
just got back from surfing i fell great
I love listening to sing on Stickam.
I've created a document to keep track of the number of instruction session I've taught. It may be useful someday.
Phone Takes Forever To Charge But Dies So Fast. . .
I joined recently. as a group, we can help each other and learn a lot. Looking forward to seeing you there.
so you're back in OS? I figured you were in Murpreesboro or something.
Can we put signs in restaurants that read, "Curb Your Children!" Restaurants are not playgrounds folks.
Tho you mocked your wife for wanting to rent it, you laughed harder than you have in a while. So don't knock the animated panda.
Thank you to #LPCO for presenting me with a certificate of appreciation. I am honoured and humbled.
<3 Social Media IRL. How else can u meet people for the 1st time 3 different times? A chance to make a good 1st impression over and over!
Hates when peeps call me a "litter bug" but have no problem leaving their litter in my car! Hmmmp
'Williams 'isn't really all that impressive.
Trivia tonight with DJ at 9:30pm. It's free to play and you could win free cash and drinks.
I smell trouble
well crap.. We are SOO screwed.
haha you're funny. U go to frost right
who the hell studies for just drive?
Too early to put it out there, but some exciting things are about to happen. Yesterday the texts were flying fast and furious.
oh wow. I'm glad that I caught it for u. Congrats!
Heey, :how are you friend Do
Stay tuned for the launch of our new website this week featuring high quality aroma diffusers, essential oils, Pu-er teas, & Jun porcelain!
Wish us luck tonight at the 2012 AMA Phoenix Spectrum Awards as we are up for three nominations!!
New Follow FollowBack
Some kid got expelled from middle school for peeing into a apple juice bottle and putting it back in line and watching someone drink it...
again...party pooper :)
I don't have an iphone all I see is a black square lol what is that ?
Its kinda scary how much of an impact you have on me.
RT RT : Thank God men cannot fly, and lay waste the sky as well as the earth. — Henry David Thoreau <Um, Happy Earth Day
Scanning and inventorying the Liberace photographic archive is making me homesick for LA.
mark AUGUST 12th-14th on your calenders please!!! That's my birthday weekend! Details TBA...
Why is there a talk app on this phone? That should just be the phone app
I really like your phone cover...
oh lol yes its so good tho.
You know I'm riding with the heat (checks side)
Baahahaha RT Gay rights > Rudy Gay
RT : Mobile is the key to replicating the Amazon personalized experience, in-store
Nothing will break !
description of forthcoming music sounds fantastic!
Jonathan Vilma has been suspended for the 2012 season for his role in the #Saints bounty program.
Nice work!
We're looking for field agents that want to learn how make money within our system. If you're an agentwho wants a consistent buyer dm me.
The WWOS Local Beat supplemental is going through post production and will be up shortly, we talk Redskins, Ravens, Capitals, Wizards & more
"The outside of a horse is good for the inside of a man"
When I get. On twitter I stalk obvi jb twitter, cody, selena and then cantbeliebit's twitter lmafo lol I can't control
no I agree temp jobs have their place but adults need jobs that pay rent, car loans, student loans, and healthcare costs.
good luck!!! do it to it.
Take pride in what you love.
It's so hot today that I just went down a slip & slide in my dress!!
Can we run and shop at the same time?
Congrats to UD Football on cracking the top 25 in the coaches poll...keep it rolling!
CB report showing that though schools say creative arts are very keen - in fact these are rarely taught as core subjects
Thanks for the #follow , looking forward to hearing your take on the #cloud and #security risks, #privacy concerns
Come check out the new decorations that are going up around RPS! We are gearing up for Valentines Day <3
cause you sound like him x)
'I guess you can rest now' the wife always knows
You got it bro!!! Anytime
Related to that, see my earlier post about the Design is a Job book. Awesome read! Get paid to solve problems, not be "liked".
A happy life is a string of happy moments, but most people don't allow the happy moment, because they're so busy trying to get a happy life.
ThankU 4 crowning #TeamSharon as your Queen! She is an amazing role model... er RuModel! xoxo
bandwaggoner haha. How many different schools/cities sports do u rep hah
Kobe gone make these two then they gone foul okc so they cant shoot the 3
check out
Bring another blanket! RT : *moves your arms&legs out&lays in between&gets an extra spoon*
Breakfast this morning at The Flying Biscuit was on point !!!
Ugh when I get home Friday not going to the east cousins always on this fight shit
I'm going to use my $1 growler fill on Rise-Up Red today!
Post a pic when the lights are on - I love that area! Is it very green right now?
Texting is writing. Sac Press editors will copyedit work and help writers gain credibility.
Less than a month until the beach
7 more views and #TornOutPages will have 600 views. wow.
People & their blocked tweets.
It's about that time
I had that class with crane too. Interesting format. Really liked him- very passionate about a usually boring topic
yeah I will thanks for tweeting:)
How do you make metal less shiny? Sandpaper. When developing one of the GeboMana designs in Bali-yes we use sandpaper but VERY gently.
Omg bitch shut the fuck upon.
No posts on today from several of the usual suspects. I heard they're at an AOL team building retreat.
#iwonderif will be able to hit the right mix of aggregation between personal news and headlines
“ “Soul-mates are people who bring out the best in you. They are not perfect but are always perfect for you.””
Not enough!!!!!
they will come.
if you're searching on CPL, I think you need to blame them, not Overdrive. There's plenty more to blame Overdrive for tho.
I wish there was a way to block someone's tweets yet still follow them so it's not rude.
Can't let Petty shit get to me if I did I b crazy..ima just cool it n let whatever happen happen
yea, I'm hungry. We should start using twitter as text messages like everyone else. Even though I'm sitting next to you.
Thought for today - don't mess around in the entertainment industry unless you're serious and ready to play.
boo ravens!
I like you alot...but I will not stop the world and melt with you. This relationship has limits.
Winds of plague fell the fuck off
and you know what they say. when you're great, it's not murder, it's assassinate.
Nina Simon shows a video of her asking staff in Santa Cruz to take a 20% pay cut.
Can't wait to shout out "OH-VER-RATED" at Blake Griffin tomorrow night. All week, actually.
you're welcome!
And to all a good night
welcome!:) So whtz up?:)
fuck hide, run for the hills lol
I believe it is once again time to clean out my Google Reader.
Just got my tattoo its amazing couldn't be happier with it:)
"I love my metro PCS cell phone"
thug life
I'm sexy and I know it lol.
A man who dares to waste one hour of life has not discovered the value of life. Charles Darwin
after a big day...is time to rest...i hav skool tmw..
Twitter's update made it 1000 times better.
that's good 2 hear get as much education as u can now
Interesting. You mean that b/c CD is easier challenger than NF or bc you'd prefer CD as mayor? NF is much more mod correct?
It is only sprinkling outside. NO EXCUSES! See all of you there.
Of course I <3 Rizzoli and Isles. :)
Almost got hit by a train so that's cool.
Everyone face it
MY MOM SAID YES
#Suicide may be selfish, but so is asking someone to continue living miserably because you'd miss them.
that's torturous! I imagine it's awfully difficult to fully extinguish the scent of halal from your person.
Geoff Dawson: "For Alcohol license you don't need a lawyer, if u do he/she has to stay throughout every step"
I'm feeling starved... I better go see #HungerGames with and to solve that problem.#herewego !! :)
We Are Proud Of Gaga The only women in the world that has #20MillionMonsters that love her and suport her
40 traders in the chatroom now come join us
Have a Happy Birthday!!! :)
Good morning people happy Friday
Aw crap, I'm a day late! And just I had my 2nd cock installed and everything! DAMMIT
Be sure to check out this year's Bath of the Year winners - the March issue is on newsstands now!
1:32am and wide awake....how's a State fan suppose to go right to sleep after that game? I wish I didn't have to be up at 6am.
Regular Show before I do this paper...
I wonder who can name the most people on the cover without downloading first. Ready, set, go.
shidd....for someone like you i would go crazy to find someone like you
listening to .
Good to hear! Must be a problem on my end
text me I have to tell you something
The head guy, or the bad guy. The Bad guy(Michael Ironside) is in a lot of other good films. Head guy, I don't know about LoL
Wearing my Packer hoodie today
Space access- How can it be made cheap? Let's think...
I'm still in a toss-up on who will win in #TheFinals this year. I can see both teams winning it.
no problem. I understand what it is like to have a full plate. Please keep us in mind if you know anyone that we can help!
The drunks come out at night, or is that freaks!
that Myrtle Beach guy is stealing your "I'm the next Kid Rock" shtick.
Hey erryone! volleyball at blue springs south. RIGHT NOW! come :)
its about time to find out plans for this weekend...except Sunday of course.
it's a sad day for Chevy cavalier owners everywhere. would agree
you can say that again!
Happiness depends upon ourselves.~Aristotle
Why do people say im funny
“ Lol rns RT : Perception, most good men don't drive Lambos & have black cards”
<---loves getting her butt ate.
PS I Love You is blowing my mind right now. So good.
In unrelated news, completed Swordspoint by Ellen Kushner last night. Wish I hadn't read the sad short story afterward.
I was trying tonight to figure out how to make the event in the am. #pcbw owns me too!
#Trayvon if you try to take any of what I said to imply anything that would diminish the loss of this kid. People will see what you are!
Can somebody help me get to 100 #Followers ?
holsters are for. 40cals
that could actually have potential!!! I have the 22nd and 23 off of work for Thanksgiving so I could catch your last wk!!!
thank u lady for the #ff!!
*Snicker* I uh accidently melted a crayon so much it fell out. oops!
and so sad! poor Damon.
not spelling apology
That awkward moment when your neighbor's pot smell seeps into your bathroom through the window.
Sext: you are the Easter Bunny and you lay a hundred eggs inside my stomach. I'm still finding some of them a year later. What the hell dude
We can help. Feel free to drop us an email at .
My mom wants to make twitter now hahahaha no!
There was that one time I said cake-flavored vodka was stupid. Then there was that one time I tried it and slapped myself for judging.
FINALLY Done Ironing her clothes~yay! Accomplishment done! :p
oh wait, you're saying provocative language evokes emotional responses so its not ideal for CS discussions?
haha we need to find a copy...stat
get either dell or HP they r alot better
": This tweet reminds me of someone! lol" Lol where u hopping at
I'm Deaf.. but the concert was awesome!!!!
EH, you keeping me away from reading FML's #YahKnow ;D
Half-marathon training going well!
Looking for a silver lining in the Suggs thing? EVERYONE will pick Steelers to win AFC North. Harbs teams play better with low expectations.
will ryan marry me?
"annoying until proven otherwise" I feel for you.
Why are there so few geocoded tweets about #occupy?
Things around me change , but its clear I will always be the same.l
Okay I need some sort of system to know when people are playing! The Weeknd is here on the 26th at 9:30! SOLD OUT! Urgh $150 on stub hub SMH
and another thing yall know that if it wasnt for dj drama and those dedication mixtapes that wayne would be a nobody?
Well last night was BRUTAL! Wisco may be done for the tourney, but let's stay positive. So...GO #BREWERS! #BrewCrew for life!!! :)
i love your profile pic
“: Congratulations April on the new film role!”>>>thanks
Omg I just had deja vu... :o
Its a hundred and stupid degrees outside.
Your my role model.
This knicks games is so dry like dry pussy
dreamy weekend in review: chamber music+art+springtime+good friends+cute babies
Sorry Elephant Room, you're gonna have to move out the tables because I can't listen to sitting down
Lol ": Since it's officially mothers day the only women that can get this dick tonite is women with kids. U deserve it"
I can read an entire book in one day. How? Because I have swag sauce. Lol.
does brandon wood have a shot at making the roster? Haven't seen him mentioned in your updates the last couple of days.
At VCU Sales Managers Forum, fascinating talk on shift from retail to online. Steve Kazanjian from MWV.
Now I am confused. Did I encounter Sally Wood the writer, or her mother?
If you care, call me back
This time last year was fueling up on 5 hr energies and doing pushups in my basement to get ready for panama
The Sam Riggs Band and Atlanta go together like peanut butter and jelly! :)
#San Diego is famous for many things, like our Happy Hour! We hope you make it to Banker's Hill this week!
we cant wear pants tomorrow!! Mom said everybody has to dress nice for a communion
In case you're waiting for inspiration to register for the PR+Social Media Summit at on 10/11, there are only 40 spots left. Go!
' Is the results of these regionals posted anywhere?
thanks! I had just received a random congrats on it from someone I'd never met, so I figured it was time to tweet the news.
mass communication workshop...
Big day - Trusted Ally Home Care is finally being recommended for licensure AND The Slipstream demo is getting closer and closer!
Graduation tomorrow....I finally get to wear that expensive ass cap and gown and finally get my degree...
whats your opinion of this? I know mine.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
#subwayfitchat Will you be my personal trainer? :D
Been awake since 11.... still in my bed just chillin on my phone. ....... ;)
So tired
#Kobe just got serious!
The Giants getting a lot of help from the defense and we can't capitalize! I'am fucking getting pissed!
Send someone to Walmart girl! They should have it in stock...
I go crazy if you’re feeling good tell em that i feel amazing Out of my mind but i’m living in the moment Get into the moment yeah!
Sam Houston High School "Tiger" Marching Band-Houston Directed By Mr.Marcus Willmore Named Honor Band For The 2010 MLK Grande Parade-Houston
It feels like I'm getting stabbed in the abdominal area repeatedly. What is up with my stomach... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
check out BWB's CD "Groovin"
Holding and swaddling baby during a blood draw can reduce their pain levels significantly, according to a medical journal.
So tired after a long day of bro-ing out. Fun but exhausting.
exclusive event 8/5 bravo greygoose celebs Ny style fashion show if your not there & u r in fashion r u really in fashion?
Thanks for including me in your paper, Marios!
much love yo
I hate that I can't sleep in anymore :( I wanna sleep in
Runnin Rebels open game on 19-2 run. No slow start tonight!
Hi how are you? we met shooting a short film. Small world:)
Rains stopped, come hang with ya folks, open mic jumps off in about 20min. At jazz and jokes.
Me and my girls ready for #wetdreams!!
Did we bike today? Yes we did!
Would like Lamar Miller in 4th Rd for GB...can't see Grant coming back to Packers.
Double booked myself tonight and this weather leaves me NO motivation to do anything!
so... U ever gonna use this account or what?! Lol. Love ya girl!!!
will not be in the Billboard Awards,but the power of #ilvolovers are here to support them.THE HANDS IN THE AIR,the party started ^_^
ITS MY HALF BIRTHDAY!!!!
Good grief....."in my Charlie Brown voice....
Hahahaha lmao! What a good luck!! Why didn't you go?:]
well this speech better go by fast
Mixture of public and private in here!
Checking email, eating yogurt, and choosing my sessions for #CGMD12. Looking forward to seeing my library peeps today!
We've kicked around the idea but nothing formal on the roadmap today...I'll let you know if we roll out something...
If you play a second half like that you deserve to lose
thanks for the mention!
That's good news... I think?
And a special thanks to for the Frankie's Folio shout out!
Two Fisted Mario's is the best pizza in downtown Denver imho.
you're welcome and good night
RT : Follow this #MKETWEEP: : Providing basic needs advocacy and services so people can live in dignity.
Thanks, Michael!
Playing The Viper Room March 15th ! Rockin' the Bass with Willem And Dakota Band. Hit the stage at 8pm. I have a few tickets for you too :)
I really wish someone had played Paul's Boutique for me when I was 8.
The irony of all this GOPTPer talk of cut cut cut is that programs they depend on will be erased. Be careful what you wish for teabaggers.
were gonna get to see each other all the time!!!! Let's perdy!! Oh and I did find a place to stay temporarily.
filling out my linkedin to look like a moron so recruiters never contact me
interesting. in my world perf is a primary focus.
And the party was (definitely) had!
Lou turns 20 in 4 hours. :)
They are both great instructors!
hit me up I'm down whenever!
Welcome to twitter! Great seeing you...hope biz and marriage are treating you well!!
Loving the NOVA Weather! What's Going On in Fairfax? Chantilly? Centreville?
see you there!
Garrison seems to be feeling a little better, and Madilyn is still sleeping!
LeBron took 2 shots in the 1st quarter - but he had 5 assists and shot 7/8 from FT line.
some people never learn...
oh. BOO FREAKING WHOO! >=(
Ok kool... Thankx for the info....
Last day of school tomorrow! Then a four day break! Whoohoo! :)
What’s happening? What’s happening you ask? Not a Damn thing twitter! So Stop Asking Me! Jeez!!!! lol!
Tim can you print a loop at the top so it can be attached to a lanyard?
Hey, how have u been? Follow me back, especially since I had to be validated and all. :-)
Colombiana The movie is the shit
mets won yesterday , marlins won Friday and today , your just jelly chickka !
be careful what you wish for-- especially on twitter.
Rent show was tonight! <3
Kim Kardashian is making too much of the flour bombing incident. Sure it was not right but she puts herself out there!!!
did the deadline for Limited Edition change? could have sworn it was today, but I'll take the 30th!
wouldn't it be ironic if Bette Davis were a cornea donor?
I don't have one :( I just go to class twice a week.
You're done with school? Now do me.
i guess ur not gonna follow me:'(
Remind me never again to write a book about groups whose name has various other connotations.
We are getting the ball back, let's see what happens
RT : About to sit in on preserving virtual worlds panel with and
yeah I usually use the organic whole foods juice. Though mott's is an ok conventional choice, mo potassium sorbate.
Bonus: will be doing live in-between-films Newbery-themed entertainment for the 11/16 screening in Chicago!
No HS diploma + getting a GED = JUCO for any college prospect. Prep school is a waste
Long jump from #sxsw to Hong Kong. Look forward to time w/ team cc:
i can tolerate dairy ok. i dont have acne but i heard its good for skin, hair and nails- any of those diff? weight loss?
it was necessary drama. my life was over.
..it is by grace you have been saved. Ephesians 2:4-5
infostripe thanks for following me on Twitter!
And I can't even open my door or roll down my window...
Becoming a workout junkie. Did arms this morning, chest in the afternoon.
Somao rewards the crowd with a smothering 33-0 win over Japan. about to start their 2nd match against Fiji!
i have lots of fun in my birthday i went to the movies and dave busters
Only a few more days at the rock. Gona miss some people and many others
hey, what's up with you?
I need some TLC
Feels like fall. I love it!
One day of senior year down and I'm already looking forward to the next break.
The Epitome of Beauty & she's a Hustla......I've found #Wifey now let's see if we cross paths in Dallas.
NO. Huge line. Not worth the wait. Wah wah. Early bird gets the worm.
Life's golden age is when the kids are too old to need baby-sitters and too young to borrow the family car.
same thing happened to me friday night
oh goodies! I'll need to stop in! :)
It's just a bend, not the end
I hope that SEVEN is truly heaven for you!
Very satisfied with the conclusion of #Survivor. Sometimes someone who has no business winning it does. This time, the jury got it right.
Now available at NYC Printing 123 are Full Color Envelope Printing. Call now to place your order
hey girl - you got plans tomorrow? want to come on that Embassy Tour with me?
check your dms? its super important.
I'm falling head over heels for SublimeText2. Why was it not a part of BDW's curriculum?
That's wishful thinking, I'm afraid, at least right now. When did you move to the big city?
don't put " ... " when you text me . that shit feels awkward .
Yes. That's my nature! RT : follow back
Spending christmas eve with my baby #icantwaittoseewhatigot!
I would never wish a bad injury for him! For his arm to be in a sling I would have to think that's it's really bad!
you are a natural promoter. Hope to see you at a major PR firm soon! Ya dig?
Cheap Drug - Savings up to 65% - Giant Eagle - CIALIS -
Conversations with other science librarians at #infocamp - hooray!
First day of Spring... feels like first day of Summer!
back in the UK? Tough gig, counselor.
Tweet-Spree
Thank you so very much to all the wonderful people that came out to Barley Island last night. I hope you enjoy the new
#Np One Thing by Finger Eleven
Micah's got that magic working for him.. Maybe a return of Peyton? haha
BRIDGE LIFT COMPLETE: I-5 slow in both directions at the Interstate Bridge
I'm thankful I volunteer w/ during holidays (+ all the time) cos we feed 150+ homeless LA youth each week!
": If you're brave enough to say good bye, life will reward you with a new hello"
Why do all cabs go off when it starts to rain and I don't have an umbrella?
Please help me get a follow from 1D =) please <U+2665>
I sat; I looked out my window; I waited for spring. Baseball is here and I'll be there, Sunday, Miller Park.
Monster wins combat, Austin wounded. Monster attacks again...Austin dead.
schlong. wang. the baloney pony. dong. tonsil tickler. pecker. johnson. baby arm. anal impaler.
Bam Margera of MTV's Jackass, rescheduled this Wednesday at American Junkie at Old Town Scottsdale!!! Don't you even dare miss this out!!!
Shouts to the homies for killing it at The Green Room in Flagstaff last night. Good luck on your journey. Watch out Cali!
God has a plan for me and everything will go the way it's suppose to for all the right reasons.
well, now you have a 'sweet ass'..... *ba dum tiss*
“People will forget what you said...forget what you did. But will never forget how you made them feel.”~Maya Angelou Happy #Valentine's Day!
Jarius Wynn Super Bowl baby! That's got to be a good omen for the green and gold. Go #Pack Go!
Never thought I would be this tired in my life.
What is correlation between fussy Broadway show reviewers and shows' success? Perhaps LOW! Viral reviewers. Trad revs like term papers
Mom is standing on a corpse.
I'm not saying surviving cancer twice made me a better artist - it did make me quit corporate job & create dream of www.artisansgonegreen.
Chill day for me ha
Agree but if I'm going with a Mt Dew I'm going with the full sugar throttle.
wat up girl !
he's guns get a spanking
awesome - still gonna make you the bootleg though :)
thanks!! RT “: Same message to marketing/crew and everyone else! #FTB”
Why hello Buckeyes. Keep this play up! O H...
Morning broke, and we looked long in the growing light for our island
had to exchange tickets bought as a gift. done within 48 hours. amazing customer service!
Why did it get so cold all the sudden? back to wearing sweatpants to bed -__-
Go Jets!!!
yeah, you're not going to win trading ibaka buckets for kobe buckets.
sounds like a #punk lol
Follow me
My work is done! A blessed evening & weekend to ALL! Smooches!
Finally got a power drill
Fuck Y.O.L.O its all about F.I.S.H Fuck.it.shit.happens!! Haha
Fuck. I wish people didn't underestimate me. I can be successful. I'll show them all how great of a singer that I can be. <3
THATS WHAT IT DO PIMPIN... IM IN THE SHOW WITH PAPOOSE ON THE 24TH OR 28TH IN WOODBRIDGE, ITS OPEN MIC BUT MY BRAH HOOKED IT UP
Rain rain go away, come back when I'm tucked away, with a warm blanket & a food tray, rain rain go away... Sigh...
Nice. RT : Who knew AOL music had a category called "Prom Songs" ... i know what i'm listening to the rest of the day.
Chicken paprikash so delicious...an admiring chef (my wife) took it from me. Stew worked wonders (she never even saw it).
I love
Thanks for the #FollowFriday! #DC peeps, please think about , they are my #FF!
I'm getting sickies :(
So very sad :(
Elder care is one of the fastest growing franchise segments in America. Get prepared with a degree in Human Sciences from
I'll just say this: BEATLES!!
i'm wearing a sleeve to the gym...hahaha flamesuit on. it looks tight though i feel like a hooper again.
Awful day of poker.If I went in behind I stayed behind, if I went in ahead I came out behind
cross you pitching off the bucket list! So what position haven't you played now? Just catcher?
Maybe, but it wasn't nearly as well-put, I'm assuming.
I saw a driver using an iPad in San Juan a few weeks ago
I'm teaching in Natomas...It's an enrichment class for kids.
2day we break from tweets 2 remember those that lost their lives 10years ago. #neverforgotten #Sept11. God Bless Us All!
I wish u were ez.
hahaha too funny !
when are u coming to the east we really need u there cannot live a day with out u <3 #iloveyou #boyfriend<3
Raven supposedly has come out.
lol of course
Who you tellin? This guy is pimpin his new crib out with Dollar Tree Swag... ;-)
W00T!! W00T!! going to THE WORLD SERIES!! Sorry Phillys!!
This game is nuts, love it!!!
RTing like every single thing tweets because they just relate to me a lot
did you make it?
Check those wiper blades folks, even if you don't believe those clouds up there will produce.
Phone with my boy and girl Bestfriend's <3
Just saw mike greenberg and mike golic from mike in mike in the morning at the tribe game
Had a great early AM breakfast with Sugar Creek! Photos to come soon! Hope everyone has a FABULOUS FRIDAY! \^^^/
yo as muscles. ;p lmao and no, not awesome. >.<
So cool!
AHH I wish I saw you! I'm so blind... But that line was SO long! Haha but yeah I think I found one :)
You shouldn't let this worry you Liz you're beautiful! I hope you enjoy the holiday! I always do because it's my Birthday!
that is just awesome!! Sweet!
It feel like God is putting me through a pac-man maze to the good life
Trying out the new droid!
seagulls ~ red sky ~ wind pushing waves high ~ David Rieder
Getting some things done today. On the grind for me, for my family. That's what it's all about.
Happy New Year
Your love of #Israel always shines through in your tweets !! When did you make #Aliyah?
We are recruiting for a Law #Library Manager in #DC! Contact me for details!
Thank you tax return for knocking down my credit card to only in the hundreds now!
RT : My 10-y-o son asked me what happened to Hines Ward. My explanation: He got old & his team threw him away to avoid paying him.
Just saw a sunrise...from an airplane
God, I got the same thing you said Jamie had and I can't remember what Treasure had but it was all great
Well guess it's time!!
It means the both #Bucks players acquired in Tues trade are eligible to play tomorrow night!
If I don't have a GPS logging device (e.g. Nike+), can I still map a run? Can't figure it out.
Kevin Durant gives me such a Harden.
Great question! Send us information for our Artistic Production committee to consider for a concert. Thanks for mention!
I don't know that I would go so far as to call taxi driving a "career."
Do I look like a lab rat? Beady eyes, little perky ears, twitchy nose, long tail......uh, no! I'm at my quota, no more shots for me today.
Why do we even have a library.. We never get to use it.
Guess what,
My sister still hasn't talked to me since I confronted her about telling on me... Lesson learned I hope!
Taking my hardest day of four classes and combining them into 2 means it's miraculous that I got off the couch this evening.
India Trip Fact #4:There are over 500 people groups still considered unreached in India
Detectives who worked the Casey Anthony case are now defending that work. Story at 5:30 on
or women should say to men "u gotta go north before u go south" ;)
Now Following:
Happy Opening Day #Baltimore. Let's get the #OrioleMagic started. We open at noon. Come pregame.
which Island course? The one just outside of Dublin?
Not surprised Terranova was not renewed. With a script like that, who needs primetime competition?
So let me get this right: 2 white dudes shot 5 black people, kill 3, and the law sez it's unclear if it's racially motivated. Okay then.
I Think Ari Should Have Her Own Line of Bows (:
Yes, it's a good thing. :)
"To begin ... begin." - William Wordsworth
What's on your workout playlist right now?
I need to get away!!!
. & there's no theme or criteria for #Wits requests this week!
I'll be so glad when I move out of these apartments just so I never have to hear another reggaeton or tejano song ever again.
is the #Movement!!! <3
It's always a good day here when Ken Tanaka stops by to chat!
better than the original!
Yuup,like getting pregnant at an early age.
Just stop runnin ya mouth.. got my mind made up. *Shrugs*
RT for a dance picture of me at my comparion it's lyrical
Lot's of burritos finding happy homes right now... it's lunch time at Pepino's!
She's
i try
i have been meaning to tell you, your goats milk cheesecake has been added to my "if i only had one meal left" list. Amazing!
Russell Howards good news has me casually sat here in stitches!
Day 2 of German. Can you say "Neutestamentler?"
that would be so awesome. Lol
he can't eat
thanks we appreciate that!
gotta exercise!
Doritos is doing a good job so far
Why do spring/summer colds seem worse? So annoying! Unplugging and resting still not completely over it. UGH I'll stop whining now.
Happy Jesus day urrrbody!
RT : Finally got to see my boy again tonight!
Tequila or Vodka decisions decisions
#OTG #WEAREOTG #OTGLIFE #OTGTIPS LIVE, LOVE, SMILE, CREATE, ITS ALL APART OF BEING A ARTIST!
WE NEED TO STOP JOSEPH KONY THE TIME IS NOW 2012
who's you're favorite nba player?
I've just read a sample of Manuel 's "expose" on Marco Rubio. I'm even more convinced he is just bitter, envious, hack.
Hi Mat, did you see our wallcoverings during the Quick Fixes/One Kings Lane sale? We also demoed at High Point this year
What? He clearly proved he could do a period piece in KINGDOM OF THE CRYSTAL SKULL.
that sucks!
okay well we got a lot of replies supporting to do a contest, so now im just thinking of what we could do... any suggestions ? - daniella
Family of triple murder victims at Brooklyn Park home daycare relieved suspect now in custody. Live from BP on KSTP at 10.
www.twitter.com/ZooAmp Check out our Twitter page we are having contest for free tickets to Tim McGraw right now! NHSocialMediaOK
have you seen avengers yet???
Thanks for the follow we appreciate it, coming right back attcha
Hair session n a few my hair Finna be hella dope for tomorrow
Girl: "Take a bite of the chicken and tell me if it's good." Boy: "It's real."
Ugh lookin girl!!
Shaka not so Smart now.
Just threw away an entire trash can full of Nikes and Jordans I dont wear anymore. No room for those @ my new place
I admire you tremendously. Your voice is so important. I don't like a lot about unions. But the enemy is even more insidious.
Real Nigga what's up *In my gayest Drake voice*...is that a question or a statement?
talk to my ass because it's the only thing that gives a crap! (it's a line from family guy, not offending you:)
and I will be at the #WEACRA2012. Where are our other brothers and sisters? Will we see you there?
- I'm curious which songs post-1970 become standards of a sort: 'Jealous Guy' ''Time After Time' 'Smells Like Teen Spirit' ?
Rolling 25+ deep to Ford Field...graduation time! EveryFamMemberOnDeck LOL
It slid out of the case when I was picking it up...I managed to soften the blow with my foot.
Not if risk above 2nd lowest bid is shifted to individuals. Group risk is needed to protect individual from catastrophic events.
Just got a spirit present from Nancy. I love Northtown.
U.of Michigan Herbarium Paul Berry at GPI on studying large plant groups: #BHL is a valuable resources for their work! Wohoo!
I just seen like 6 rpd on bikes headed 2 raleigh blvd so u kno they bout 2 post up yall b careful
Head hurts way bad. Knee hurts way bad. Bedtime.
Morning:) Have a great Saturday!
Big card has picks posted today spread around and only 2 consensus off a very nice Friday that went 5-3 in consensus...see ya at the window
It says I am following you! Haha
I didn't snore, did I?
That map hangs on the wall of our bedroom. Fun, isn't it?
Hey twitter, its been alot going on...I am finally back on here...I missed it here... :) Everythings great. I am chillin with the fam.. GN
that's true. It just makes you a soulless person.
yes, it's good stuff and it was a great game!
....and not just about basketball...I love having your back.
Crying like a baby at the end of that movie. Cancer is a word not a sentence. Reminded to be thankful my dad is doing well. God is healer <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Im mad i wont b able to c him on his bday..love u Jataveon!!!...
and everyone is entitled to their own opinion
Shaving my legs at 10 o'clock at night because I'm bored is always a fun time :)
no wegmans does not, but at least for Giant once you understand their system (and its limitations) it can be as quick as cashier
I'm gunna miss you :(( love you bffl<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
You got 2 days to shake that hangover and ready yourself for St. Paddy's day fun!
I thought the smell outeast was bad but its a smell thats on the north thats so sour smh lol
“: At some point you have to realize that some people can stay in your heart, but not in your life.”
No matter what you do, the harsh reality is things are destined to change.
To love a women, is to know a womens wants and her needs without her ever saying a word
#HappySaturday good morning.
Hi. Mary. My the names Megan.
Yeah that was fun & basically went shopping w/ him afterwards. Great day! RT : Eating lunch by Jake Gyllenhaal. No big deal
that's impressive!!
Rinne has now stopped 37 shots tonight
I want front row when you come to Cleveland. Can you help me out please!! :) LOL!!!!!
Yo Stay free at toboggan racers son.
Straight A's this semester!!
Jeff Dye is so cute.
Just letting you know that when you tweet your signature on your phone shows up :P
i watched them every friday they were on! omg i have a cold in the middle of may, its not right!
what broker do you use to trade options with?
I had to be the first. ;) Hi!
R.I.R. (Rest In Rhyme) "Heavy Diddly Diddly Diddly D" Thanks for evolving the rap game. Your songs will forever be classics! RIP Heavy D
Working on a lot of social media! :-)
Daffodils are blooming in Virginia beach Virginia!
yes sir
TY ;-) How you doing?
As the first Wisconsin team to lose in a while, the Brewers owe the Packers and Badgers lunch.
Loving the 4 day weekend already. Shit loads to accomplish.
Wrapped directing a web series pilot last night. Exhausted, but ready for the next project.
Am I too late for #SKCChat?
Val, you rock. Seriously. Congrats!
comedians bombing one after another in prospect park.
Its Okay ! I Have No Life Either !D:
Auden is an interesting case. He believed that you should write drunk and revise sober.
Come on!
Any Oscar predictions? Let us know who you think will take best picture, best director, best actor and best actress.
hay loves :D back from skul
Not going to lie I hold grudges sometimes but I do that to be sure I won't get screwed over again
unlock your tweets so I can retweet you!
it was so awesome meeting you! You're so sweet! :) thanks for finding me after
"Dreams are necessary to life." -Anais Nin.
It's time for Lyrical Libations 2219 E 12th St l #Food l #Live Sounds l #Cocktails l 630p-10p
Yes - funny. But also true :x
Ha! Love the forward-promo!
Very true. It's too public of a place with severe datamining going on. Why are we all still on #Facebook?!
Before it scored. Arm was flying open, mechanics not sound. Pitch count up. That's how injuries happen. More important than CGSO
What can I say... I like you
What A Boring Ass Thursday -_- Where's The Excitement At ?!
My feet are wet and I do not like it.
Thx 4 ur updates on the semi vs hydrant on Rosecrans. Thats right next to my building! Thankfully the streets are no longer blocked
Pretty much screwed for tomorrow. Going to bed though.
Vacation is over back to the grind LOL. Ordered a new phone finally will be able to keep up on twitter - jit for football season! :)
Hey guys, I'm taken now ;D <3 JUST KIDDING . i'm forever alone & will never ever say that for real .
Where are the best tacos in LA?
God is building you a house, but you cannot move in too fast.
RT Did you know that another sign of a stroke is a crumbled up Kleenex and a bottle of hand cream? // lol
you look pretty when you sing. lol
Breaking conductors down by gesture and body part.
It's bath night for Ava, doing this solo tonight. Wish me luck!
#loserstatus !!!!!!! haha ok ill talk to u later Mandy is out her so ya
An Italian duo in Old City Rob LaScala of LaScala's has transformed Paradigm and Dolce, side by side on Chestnut St.
Thanks to everyone who participated in our Art Milwaukee Wedding Giveaway!
introducing the ONLY 100% vegan mobile wellness company in SF (and it's your new contributor, Justine!)
we should write a song together.
He'll do. RT : is our bear......oh my bad. I got my subcultures confused.
Your website: An update a day, keeps the competitors away.
I really love the fact that I have a smart sister that helps me with all the things I need :)
Deja vu is such a weird feeling <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>...at least I'm relieving stress <U+263A>
What men don't understand is that when a woman gives you a chance to be honest,and then you still lie,she has lost all respect for you.
RT : BYU refers to them as play-out games.
love coming out of the shower, then putting on lotion and body spray m smells to god.^.^
At radio show
Check out our president w/ on tomorrow 5/4 re: our Spring Concert on 5/5
they were almost as scary as Lesley Visser
I hate pump fakers if u ain't got it u ain't got it
Thomas Love Peacock~ Names are changed more readily than doctrines and doctrines more readily than ceremonies.
You're welcome, that's awesome that we're the 250th follower! :)
- Safe travels. Your work to highlight poverty in the richest country in the history of history is so important.
The problem with crusading against for-profit education is that students don't think in non-profit / for-profit terms. Attack ads needed.
Next to You #candyheartmessage for our #TweetHearts!
KY fans griping about UK/IU and NC, don't kid urselves. If Cal wants it you play. Guess Bloomington was too much for you.
It's official: I have had it with Christmas music for 2011.
haha. and im a pretty awesome cuddler. But you're too tired, understand. lol!
We like the bubble butt! ;) lol
At the Egyptian Theater to see my friends feature film "I Don't Want to Kill Myself." Can't wait!
I still cant believe he said Fuck You to me -.-
I support Dampier & that's why I'm not going 2 lie, so I won't Tweet abt embarrassment. Most people would dream abt setting an NBA pick.
Samsung Galaxy S I - CNET
Another member has gone home to be with the Lord....my God!
If you dont run your own life some one else will
Ready for race season and some traveling! ": good luck this year,hope 2 c u in central Pa. Sometime."
Wow. Nice pass! could be a quarterback!!
what up chipmunk
Awesome to hear, Corey! Fit ok? Thanks! : just got my Fighting Saints shirt in the mail today. Pretty sweet.
lol koala dance bot crew :D gonna murder it baby
Good fonts are worth it.
... San Francisco, and Cebu, The Philippines. It is majority-owned by The Dolan Company (NYSE: DM), a leading provider of professiona...
interview podcast update-content is brilliant! am working on sound quality, considering making it a two part. putthe pic on site
Hello Rick, thanks for the follow.
loll ! Well that's what I like doing best (:<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Going to see Katniss on the big screen tomorrow for an outing!
i downloaded it...cuz i'm just cool like that
#LiesThatAlwaysWorked i don't have any kids. .....then when his baby mother come to the door you look like (o_o) Lol
I wish people weren't such asshole's all the time. But I guess without them, the world would be too stuck up and "perfect"
haha I may have to save this tweet! ;)
on that basis could book them for a private do!!!
GO FOLLOW she needs 4 more till 800
on myself. I'm the asswhole not her
Ah yea!! Super Bowl sunday!
LOL,your Mom is a true #GCODE <>She said she was not going to be staying in this hospital without having her nails and toes done O_o
mean!;D
Just got home. What a tiring day it has been. I'm exausted...
Thank you so much!! I need that motivation as I move through the next book :).
stop tweeting and sell something. :-)
went to court for my lungs they hit me wit life
Holidays in good old texas! Try comparing it to a cordoba christmas!
Who says Asians can't drive?
Ok, what I meant to say is blue eyed people have been making me crazy lately. That is all.
ANYONE THAT OWNS OFFICIAL SF GIANTS LINCECUM WIGS OR WILSON BREAD, PLEASE CONTACT ME ASAP! THERE IS $50 IN IT FOR YOU!!!
This white chocolate mocha is saving my life. AP Gov study sesh with Sam, Gaby & Brandon <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
sorry btw it just occurred to me that you don't share those dreams hahahaaaaooooooh god what have I done
are you and gonna do the job?
20% off everything today! And drinks and snacks from 6-9 tonight! Get something for your hot date this weekend
Goodnight<3 sweet dreams!
Silver Stars season ends with 85-67 playoff loss to Minnesota Lynx.
Shopping alone at UTC
shelby robinson yolo's on softball highlight video
Is your business displaying the most up-to-date labor law posters at each location? 2012 Labor Law Posters, find ur state...
is the best person ever. She is so nice and I admire her
I will do my best but I can't guarantee a win. Bet a beer on me!
You only live once
Thanks to I have had delicious banh mi sandwiches and good coffee, improving my #scms12 dramatically
Serious technical issues.
I passed it with 100%! One down three to go. It gets less math and more memorization from here. Not my strongest area.
Sleater-Kinney's One More Hour is on right now. Haven't heard them on the radio in a LONG time. Taking me back...
I don't think it'd be possible to count. Such good times always flashbacks whenever I hear
“ “ R.I.P. & HAPPY BIRTHDAY to Trayvon Martin RT to show respect””
Excited to see funny guys who can't bowl tonight
Just wanted to say that your set at was smokin'. Earned a new fan in us.
Felt so wiped yesterday, amazing how great I feel today after all that!
agreed. It's like crack.
Thank you Lear Automotive, LLP International for
Our website is down. We are working on the problem and hope to have it up shortly.
#What2ChainsWouldSay I eat her up for lunch eat the beat for dinner got that good wood I cut yo girl give her ass a SPLINTER
"The law of the harvest says: Focused effort is amplified by appropriate timing and regimented routine." - Rory Vaden, from Take the Stairs…
Congrats to all of my friends graduating today.
Can never get too much of those.... well maybe. "Know of any good ways to spend this drizzly day?" RT : coffee & reality tv
um actually, I'm done, i'm just putting it together!
Aye Send Those Pics 2 Mi Phone
oh yea, what time? I would love to go!!
that's one crazy crazy game. on my dvr. forever or at least until the next episode of modern family. lol
Sloppy knock on by USA.
hi can u follow back plz
I thank you Jesus cause God answers all my prayers
my printer just growled at me like a wookie...I'm scared
STOP TALKING TO ME YOU CREEPER!
NEVER TOO LATE.
thanks!! Ready for the mini?
indeed! Nice to hear the point of view of the folks directly involved, instead of facts in a newspaper.
's party was cracking ;D !!
San Diego, California Weather :: 68F PARTLY CLOUDY: 68F PARTLY CLOUDY
have fun in Vegas homie! Tell Byron I said what up
Check out #DJCHARLEYSHARP "In the Mix special guest Alana Johnson from Rags 2 Riches Fashion Show May 3 at USU
Alera Valencia Series Bow Front Desk Shell, 72w X 42d X Cheaper ...
Fuck I just got soap in my eye!!! Hurts like a bitch x/
so not feelin good bleh i might thro up
The awkward moment when someone sends you a one direction song and you like it....
I hope all the mothers in Brewer Nation (or otherwise) had a tremendous Mothers Day!
Ever seen them live?
Here..let me help you with that! NO!RT : Looking for the thumbsdown button!! (Re only discussing Pinterest)
written/video reviews, articles, faqs, forum, local minimalist locator (like 4square), shoe guide/compare/pick best shoe for u.
Like one of my alltime favorite artists - I'm #WorkingOnaDream - follow my journey - stay tuned for news & info
Done w survey.
A5: Silence or "Have you considered a career in another field?"
I think your shirts could use a better font. What do you need a graphic designer for?
Thank you! And likewise! :)
How do you name a new product when all the good names are already taken? any fab ideas for me team?
Hey Calapari, congrats on the win. I hope the banners have velcro on the back though.
#Chokers signed that bum Mario Henderson today, that means big sacks for #Raiders D-line!
So the wind pushed me into my car AND shut the door <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
just saw mission impossible...."intense"
#9News legal analyst says accuser's inabilty to remember what happened night of alleged assualt "major obstacle" for P. Cox prosecutors.
absolutely! everything was so beautiful. didn't take too many inside the ship. mostly outside. you will see them in 2 days
Yea but adam is gay.
neither;nor
In the end, what we regret most are the chances we never took.
Refused and ATDI? I wish I could go this year.
I'm not sure I get it.
oh ya? I have one million and one :) ok maybe not!
why hello there captain.
I'll be waiting for you! You gotta catch me up on life at BG
The work has been at several botanic gardens so far -- I think NY and DC among them. Amazing work.
I only go to work on days that don't end in a 'y'. ~ Robert Paul
“: #Leos are honest, loyal and very optimistic.”<------ BOSS :)
GUESS WHAT! You could've typed the 't' instead of the full stop. Fail.
#ImHappyWhen My friends actually invite me somewhere instead of me asking.
Today was the 2nd stage for the Modern Woodmen Speech. My friend Oscar was up there and...IT WAS JUST SO F***ING SAD!!! It made me cry...
I've been waiting at Metro Center for over 45 min..
I just realize I forgot to say goodnight to last night. Forgive me?
If I had all the wifi data in the world, I wouldn't trade it for the one known source I now have.
Great interview but wow- you're absolutely stunning tonight - is that new? #backchannel curator of the CC Museum!! LOL
india gonna win!
nah I think it's called bisexual
Let's go mayweather
Good morning thanking God for life
: "We're far too technologically advanced to need to use our vocal chords."
Happy Birthday to the hottest woman on this planet ..... ! Can I get some of that birthday cake?
Leesburg: heavy rain with some wind in less than 20 mintues...
Good Morning! Have a Wonderful Wednesday.....SPREAD LOVE
My dad asked who I was texting, I told him my drug dealer... He didn't think it was funny.
Want to share your Trinidad Sour recipe with the world? See you at #mcc2012!
thats right. Early Retirement Squad sounds more legit tho lolz getting paper cuts over here and I get automatic deposits :)
Felix + Oscar, Willie Nelson + anyone, Corona + Lime, mac + cheese = better together
Do it again Sunday!
Busy busy night. Love it!
dude you rawk. RT : Ok party people and fellow stoners! Ad this person to your lists. Why? Stay tuned.
just how horny bro
Jk cause boots is a chicle and a cockblocker
And Nina Foch!
Ace Factor hits the stage tonight at 7:30!!
BITCH LOOK LIKE AN AVATAR
Yes! charge it haha I can't even imagine what will happen in the thrid
i love my iPhone btw :)
If I stopped playing golf every time I was six over through nine holes, I'd never get past the windmill hole...
#GameOfThrones was good, hit me up tomorrow for some $10 custom tees
love love
hahahah yeeaaah(: && me & him are together.. he just doesn't know it yet hahah:b
pumped to write comparative review of your terrific book and azaransky's on pauli murray
well spoken!
Work 4-close!
not the real Selena
u deserve it! U r done with finals, time to celebrate graduation!!
Life is a matter of dealing with other people, in little matters and cataclysmic ones, and that means a series of conversations
Train is delayed. But I've had such good luck with you so far amtrak. Let there be open seats at least.
"Call Me Maybe" so we can go "Round and Round"
Since most of us spend our lives doing ordinary tasks, the most important thing is to carry them out extraordinarily well.
I big thank you to all the ladies out there today looking beautiful in those summer dresses.
Never pick a fight with someone who buys ink by the barrel--or has lots of Twitter followers.
1936- #Ethiopian Emperor Rastafari Halie #Selassie the Lion of Judah fled Addis Ababa in advance of #Mussolini's invading armies.
I suppose I'll join the #Skype gripefest too
Guess its his time of the month
Welcome. Didn't get much of a chance to disrupt.
That Iguadola layup will be your playoff teaser from here until next season.
I don't think I'll be sleeping peacefully tonight... Saw a flippin roach and my whole body just got goosebumps >.<
After all they've went through this season this team deserves to win the FA cup. They were the best team today no doubt
most that r looking love r virgins!haa!thn once they take the plunge..thier sluts like most & work & go 2 splash!
prolix, self-indulgent, and jargon-ridden prose fan club
when girls try to wear boy clothes <<<<<
I just looked I wonder what happened cause u were the 1st per I followed and now its liked I just followed u?
I can only imagine....
was on Edge :P
Thanks for the RT!
First day walking to work and I get to see the sun come up!
Great #PR resolutions from 5 Resolutions for #2012 for PR and Social Media via
I miss you to!
Off to Facebook:)
haha alright. If you want I'll teach you some stuff when you get back
yea snuggle
You're cuter than a guinnie pig, wanna take you up to Winnipeg, that's in Canada!
Thanks for the #FF love!!
The #policestate likes it when you believe it doesn't exist. Don't give them the pleasure.
hope u make ur deadline!
So boring .... Ugh
Weather calls for a beautiful night to bike Cleveland with 300 others! We depart THE MALL at 7 PM and will ride for about 10 miles.
Meillassoux doesn't sound that crazy to me. Does that make me crazy?
burned 356 calories doing 43 minutes of "Running 10.6 min mile with hills"
saw Denver's schedule for 2012...not easy..all that division and the Pats and Falcons on the road..
Rain Rain Go Away, we want to workout outside today...
For reals. RT : If Seattle still had the sonics I would never miss a game...
": Pray For Me Please."i will
loll, omg. dead.
lets go #teambringit ! #teambringit is gonna beat
Flips show this Saturday! Woot woot!
Let's blow up his mentions to wake him up?(:
yes great idea!
Oh please! Now get a proper icon!
game tonight. Pitt I'm sorry we have to do this to you.
I cannot believe what thinks is okay to wear with guests in attendance.
Going to bed now. I need it to be tomorrow!! Ahh <3 goodnight
I thought "Skrillex" was the name of a new brand of tampons.
Two hrs til my weekend officially begins. Yayyyy. So looking forward to these days off.
Montgomery County Police are searching backyard and wood line of Michigan Ave. in Silver Spring for the reported armed fugitive.
“: Cross the line if you push people away because you dont want to get hurt.” #mylife!
Dropkick Murphys and Mighty Mighty Bosstones tonight at Fenway Park...OH YEAH!
you deserve it
Our Banana Pudding Milkshake is coming back in exactly 1 month! The countdown has begun...
So excited about the songs I'm writing with my new band!
updating plaxo - is it worth doing?
just another saturday morning at Notre Dame? #toofar?
it really is though like I'm not even complaining haha
STOP BEING A STRANGER
I never wanted to be a player, I always wanted a fairy tale :'-/
family vacation doesn't start til tomorrow and they've already stressed me out
dude is rocking it!! love that they are honoring dance music!
Volunteer training #fireiceexhibit did you know #Hindenburg was the length of the Capitol building?
“The adjective is the banana peel of the parts of speech.” Clifton Fadiman, born on this day in 1904.
Peeps, we're out at 14th and U today. Come by and say hello!
Today was a fun day...didn't step outside once. Saw lots of HTML and CSS though...my girlfriends.
I feel really cool haha
punch some crazy teenage kids in the face today!
whose a few im one of them
No matter who you're trying to be, you are always gonna be the man in the mirror.
RT : Hey peeps! Don't miss the Closing Party tonight at Sodo Showbox 6:30pm with...
Love Q & A concept. Provides "memorable experience" convert causal fans into brand loyalists
You're sweet!
Today in 1970, Bread hits #1 with "Make It With You".
NO. WAY.
Obama adviser Robert Gibbs tells AP he expects Wisconsin to be tighter this year than 2012 when Obama won by 14 points
three 3 and outs.
Trent is a beast. Cant wait to see that dude run in the bigs.
I really need to start living my twitter life more..one tweet at a time? Baby tweets. I mean, baby steps.
Amen bro
: AT least I stood with you:)
You are THE Paul Revere! Don't doubt the ? next time!
oh will we lol
In my purple boy shorts
WE'VE GOT TO WORK, WORK, WORK THIS OUT. LOLOLOLOL XD
Looking nice!! Wish I was on your tour. Enjoy.
Patrick Dooley, Chief of Staff: leading structural effort to merge ADAA and MHA into a single Behavioral Health Admin.
hell naw! These the money makers! We just loving our tour right Now and abiut to release these classics in spring!
posted on my facebook page
#thankstomyex I passed the bar exam when she dumped me! :D
considering the #Brewers hitting/pitching whoas has the front office considered wearing the powder blue uniforms?
ok im gonna start the live chat in about 5 mins :)
u are hilarious !!!
Yup, you're pretty awesome :-) the presentation went well, now to play the waiting game on grades. #crossedfingers How are you??
OMFG a week away without a phone. SOMEONE TALK TO ME. Haha.
I Am Almost To 900 Followers. Can Somebody Please Help Me? I Would Love To Have 900 Followers By The End Of Tonight If Possible...Pleasee :)
ayyy dios mio my head hurts like hell :O
it was the most hidious thing ever...ugh...i rememberbit like it was yesturday..
The blog or the new profile? RT : Seems overwhelming. RT How do you feel about Facebook's new Timeline? bit.ly/AfcZiU
Watermelon, grilled peach and feta salad with hummous and crackers and a glass of red wine... Thanks Samadhi!
RT : RHP Blake Parker being added to bullpen today. Was 2.08, 13 app. at Iowa. Correspndng move TBA. Coleman, Maine have options.
doesn't cellular look different though?
let us entertain your clients during the holidays! Check out our music at www.supertonicstringquartet.com we have holiday music
Only two spots left for Friday's makeup deal - $50 in BECCA products...call 441-1777 to book!
Figured it wouldn't be as transparent if I deleted and reposted correctly :)
Cookin up some breakfast..m....goetta
I hate watching those disgusting replays in a game.
#breakFast the most glorious meal of the year
Time is moving so slow
Tigers game with & :) Go Tigers!
Q: were you born in texas? Yes, Dallas, Texas. :D
Love in Beautiful Girls. I forgot how good that movie was.
Life's too short to dwell on all that's wrong ('',)
lol. Haven't seen you here in awhile ;)
where you gonna be after the game?
All calm at the moment in the 405 closing all emergency services in alert, so no problems reported.
and ruined all of your credibility
WHY IS AUSTIN SO ADORABLE asdfghjkl;
i believe in deadlines :). I will check my calendar on Mon!
Grr enemy is staying here. Who wants to sabotage?
you're welcome! & thank you! Yes its at 1:30 today :)
Such a FUCKING amazing night!!! Peeta I LOVE you
selena's new song falling down is amazing can't get it out of my head!!!
aw thanks u to luu! love you
The word "cassingle" needs to die.
It's all true, baby.
stacking ASS!!!
"Change doesn't come from those who wait, it comes from those who agitate!!" ~Julian Bond, National Equality March Oct '09
new day same ambition! taking this music to the top! confidence on high like inflation! its your boy slimgoodie!
loves the red line because of the dork factor of the reading everyone is doing.
Party at the store tonight 6-9! 20% off while you mix and mingle including 60-80% off summer markdowns!!
High puffy RT RT : welcome home! :)
lol it's a bet aye u need to call me or dm me your number
good job in the gym ps To succeed in life and take every opportunity, don't ask why? ask why not?!
Damn I don't know if I want the wireless Beats headphones or the Solo HD. The Solo comes in my favorite color red and wireless is
at a party
Hey!!!! Hope u have a good day at dress rehersals ;D
preciate it bro
Someones gonna want me.
NO get coupons but by no means cut your cable..Hello #madmen is in 2 weeks and #gameofthrones in less than a month.
Earth in upheaval: Europe stole the show in 2011. In 2012 the debacle may consume the west, US & Japan; plus crises in Iran, N. Korea, etc..
<U+039A>a<U+03BB><U+03B7>µe<U+03C1>aa!!!! Good morning!! Training time :-)
FOLLOW BACK:) AND PLEASE TELL PPL CHECK OUT MY MUSIC THX
Hunger is the best sauce.
Not getting stuck at work because of the weather, nope I'll swim home if I have to - ah : /
RT : "For mobile apps - adding visuals and primary sources is key." - Richard C. Cooper
Who knew Conan O'Brien can wax so simple and profound, right?
You cannot equate money & humanity.
Are you kidding me? Glee?? What is this crap?
I have social media chronic fatigue syndrome right now
People still use Outlook in 2012 :-)
Where should I eat dinner? Hype Hotel has left me woozy...
It's a beautiful day in inland San Diego. Beach is overrated :)
is one freaky chick! Wow she rocks!
We are preparing for #aaos conference in San Diego next week. Great solutions to share. Check out booth 141, Jen, Phil, and Mary.
happy happy birthday to one of the best people I know! Love and miss ya
People that chew ice freak me out.
Only Irish coffee provides in a single glass all four essential food groups: alcohol, caffeine, sugar, and fat - Alex Levine.
All I wanted this Christmas was your virginity. I named this ruffie after Santa.
Take an inventory of your online reputation: have friends look & help identify content that should be removed.
A hungry stomach seldoms scorns plain food. Horace
Tim riggins featured in 2 commercials so far....
I dont know what i will do without her
yep... maybe chugging some water will get this out of my system! :oP
thanks for retweeting me!!
Say Somethin If your feeling the vibe. Say Somethin Baby Don't Be too Shy. Say Somethin Cuz' Your All In My Head Like Oh woah Yeah Yeah (;
Who would have thought with weaver pitching, no HR by josh and Angels scoring 6 that the rangers would be winning? And winning easily.
YOUR FUCKING MOTHER.
join us 4 a luv buzz tonight Social Club 4 a screening of Nirvana Live @ Paramount @ 6 PM & Midnight.
So will UMS. Well, no motion, but still....
and I are right there with you.
Congratulations to our very own you can work for the WH, then hopefully the design world will be a breeze!
I hope they get 1D for the newbeez fest<3
Your argument was being "spammed" not that you don't like it, its cool we don't want any fans like you.
wow!!! good stuff I subbed :D
Ford, Edison, Jobs..all put a ding in the universe. That's what great innovators do. RIP Steve.
Maryland Film Fest Opening Night tickets still available - $50, buy at the door by 7:30 at Brown Center. Show starts 8pm.
Shout out to Michael from for taking gr8 photos @ the #Cubs event inc. the 1 that landed in the !
ALL DAY
Congrats on the win!!!
I love "If someone cant make a mashup of your content, why do you have it?"
I'm doing well;) Ty~I'm sry things r uncertain 4u~I wish I cld help;( I LUV U!!! If I cld, I'd give u a BIG OL'SQUEEZE!!! Xoxox
Mad as can be at you know who piss off yo brother can kick bricks!
LMAO! "It's like a whale gave birth to a roaring t-Rex"
Goin to take her to the redneck fairs this summer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Hate those days that not you on your ass. Need a cigarette. #badday #badhabbits :(
Thinks its funny that my sister seems to be so concerned with the sound of the iced tea making in the coffee pot...
Thank you Michael! MT #FF to FP industry thought leaders: &
Every person on earth gets 24 hours, that makes us all equal. Its what you do with yours that makes us unequal
nigga ;3 that's the point! Cotton candy pink is freakin radd. I'll be like "eat my hair" & they'll be like "fuckin weirdo"
it's called I'd cap that but only iphone has it.
My weekend was restful luv, and how was NY fr you...I talked to Drew today
thank you!
Celebrating 24 years of business today with the whole Apple Rock Family!
I do find myself much more receptive to kitteh sloppy seconds =)
Ugh its so late but im not sleepy and i need to get hw done but i dont have enought energy. What do i do?! Im not sleepy but im tired ...
Hm, I have no idea. The G8 summit should be over by then, right? And L&E is booked solid, too!
Awww! You will see him again soon. He loves you more than anything don't you ? We love you danielle!! <3
The only thing I've learned from my nutrition class: We all will pretty much die from anything we eat.
Used to work there, #agree RT : Copper caboose needs better training of employees #fail told no meat in potatoes
Just counted 4 toolbars on the girls browser in front of me
yeah! i just wanna see adam's sexy self.
Hey and , go meet each other and be friends! I'm bridging my Wooster and Rhodes families, one meeting at a time!
Why did the duck stick his leg into a computer?He wanted to have webbed feet.
The new record is finally complete! A year and a half in the making. Can't wait to get it pressed
Crackin' up over here!
Good morning !!!!! :D am still up couldn't fall asleep! :( <21
Phil? ": What was Scar's name before he got his scar? #LionKing”
Thanks again to for making what we do so pretty
if he was 62-62 he would of lasted this long anyway.
Really trying to keep it together in front of my lil kings but i feel like my heart just went through a food processor and a whopper chopper
someone wrote: “I wish Google maps had an 'Avoid Ghetto' routing option”
Is that like take your child to work day? Just kidding of course! Tell the HSD gang I said "hello."
I said GLENDA not Diana RT lmao! She bout 65 RT : I missed Detroit news... fine ass Glenda Lewis!
"People are afraid of paintings. When it's a quilt, it clears up for them. Makes them feel closer" on her mediums
just updated #seesmic, love the new timeline navigation features!
Dream. What are you doing with yours? Do something!!
#ff Great tweets this week!
Georgia early in the morning tomorrow!(: excited! Well reading quotes/advice from before and now. There so meaningfull<3
RS' 'beast of burden' will always make me jive
Underwear seem difficult to make; maybe THAT'S why they're so expensive.
For wa?:o RT ": Tickets for $4 ^_^ Tell me if you want some :)"
Rage For Recovery is coming up! Portsmouth Ohio it's been awhile. Are you ready to tap your toes and synchronously move your hips?
Happy 60th! Fun show this morning
Oh okay, just listened to it! It sounds good :) aw can't wait! is that the only song you want?
there is a ginormous bug in the bathroom and I am not going in there.
Thanks for the shout out ! We look forward to Public Exposure tonight.
I want to sue the US Government on "eminent domain grounds". Taking of property with payment of just compensation. F--k Congress
I told Aubrey she can't leave me..it's so hard noting having your best friend by your side every single day ):
HAPPY BIRTHDAY STANA X :)
#BeckMedia Fiesta Friday/Quatro de Mayo starting in about an hr. Not that I'm counting down or anything. Hit me up if you want to come.
just started following Paper towels...Jealous??
Fuggin' ridiculous too... can't shake out of it either.
I knew you were talented - but the guitar in the pool!? Wow...
What does that mean? There will be more detail in a Facebook post (& even more on my blog) presently, but put simply: less text, more video.
that's a fantastic invite!
I'm expecting #CaptSuck to roll into a double play. Why? Because he sucks.
Wait. What. Walter is the god?
Diamonds are the gem of character and spirit. They radiate the dazzling personality of those who wear it.
Goodnight Twitter -- We will be watching Apollo 13 tonight.
Consciousness conditioned by an object becomes conditioned-consciousness.
good afternoon
is this good or bad?
"The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease forever to be able to do it." - Peter Pan (J.M. Barrie)
had an amazing day with the love of my life, ! I missed him so much!
OMG I'm not sure would be a good thing... ie, hey what u doing friday >> im gonna stop by the bank for a quickie...
5/15-Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Jon Fisch
happy b day drop u a Lil su
#TateRousey Its about time
People think I worship the dead cuz of it wut
Haters always gone hate...
Yes, but it was self-inflicted so don't feel too bad for me. :)
to know you are grieving with each pasting day
gunna miss ya girl at the gamee!
yah the musical term was invented in the 1950s like C&W but the musical style had been around years before
forget you
exactly!! so its a swear word
I take it back. Do it. I am now an enabler! MAKE ALL OF THE MINIS!
ive only tweeted a couple times today..
Man ii miss him so muucccchhhhhh
Ordered another bikini today <3 just cant get enough ;)
M #burgers.... RT Grand opening November 18th, it's a Friday! Who's coming?
you're kidding.... You're amazing
That was unprofessional to call out a ref live. Your opinions got the best of you and UFC should make you apologize
thanks for havin my back chainsaw
Me-"This coffee tastes like it has bud in it." Paul- "Well you did get it from a hipster, dirty bitches and their bud coffee"
A FedEx delivery guy just rode by on a bicycle. Love it, but I wonder where the packages are?
Dear 8:15am presenters #PLA12, sorry you got the sucky slot the nite after so much alcohol flowing. also, sorry I'm late...again
Hated by jealous so they envy me
"Just think, somewhere, there's an editor who has to watch this nonsense, repeatedly, and make a show out of it." - Me, watching
1)I shudder to think you operate a motor vehicle. 2)I wonder what you look like naked. 3)I hope you tip well My only thoughts at work.
yeah ok...i'll check it out
"Today may be worse than yesterday, but tomorrow will better than them both!!"-PAKMAN OF INTRIGUE U RECORDS
Wahooooo !!! Crazy great start to the season. Should be a good year for the boys if tonight is any indication...
Eating at my moms resteraunt...good burger moma
your both beautiful the way you are! keep on being you and i love you both unconditionaly (the same way) :)
Welcome back! :) Let us know if we can help with anything!
whats even better is the text message followed later by the fb/twitter pic #nobodylikesabragger :)
oh no problem!! :p
This Thanksgiving I'm extremely grateful to have a wonderful family & awesome friends & to you guys for making my 3rd year in the US great!
HAH HEY ITS ME UVE REPLYD TO ME BEFORE BUT U PROBS WONT NOW BUT I UNDERSTAND UR PROBABLY PACKED WITH FANS BUT THANKS ANYWAYS :)
The greater the difficulty, the greater the glory. - Cissero
It's so cute that oranges are a winter fruit. It's like they're little round storage pods for summer.
Final dress!
amazing workout at 2am...
On Planet Mars Today Aayye! Saturn tomorrow Aayye!!!
RT : lol I see that kid! Ha
And I don't have to see Mrs. Wilhelm today, toady should be a good day <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Lori Compas with a BIG lead out of the gate over protest candidate. If she wins will face Scott Fitzgerald
I have no clue!
Any good places to eat in Boston?
America premiere's tonight on ! Tonight's episode is right in my (old) back yard, Minneapolis, MN!
lol go to bed!
gotta study for my test tomorrow and i wanna get a hundred but now im going to watch the new novela that came out today so ttyl. -Chelsea
"My Brother's Crawfish" cancels closure- Cajun Boil resto signs 5-yr lease. :
That was cool. I wish i could watch all my cats move in slow motion.
So great to see you. And yes, brunch was obscene. :)
The roof if the net just got KRONWALLED!!!!
Round 3 of
Temp of the month - Feb 2012 ......who will it be???
whats this party thing u guys are tlking about?
awesome game!
i have a follow limit. i would if i could.
cool no problem
But I was so sleepy, it was a good nap bahaha c:
Entourage is having its season finale next week? I feel like it just started. What will happen to Lloyd?
K, so I have a choice between going bowling or going shopping and I don't know which one to choose please reply & tell me Wich one I shud do
yeah and you probably could get those 30 homers for a change.
Inbox: 0. Ready for Japan!
That's a fun album.
Go white boy go white boy go.
The new non-population U.S. Census schedules rock! I've found ancestors there that I couldn't find elsewhere. Take the time, start using 'em
Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed three times out of ten and be considered a good performer. ~Ted Williams
It's a wonderful Saturday morning to be in Milwaukee! Wouldn't you agree?
very true point Tom. Thanks for voting and for the support.
WTUL New Orleans is playing No Joy's Ghost Blonde in its entirety right now.
So proud of ! We managed to raise over $32,000 in our campaign. Proud to be a part of such an amazing company.
Maybe I'm splitting hairs. Also, this is the first time I can remember that I've used the word "fancy." Thank you for that.
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
Surprised by new interface on the Occupational Outlook Handbook when doing an impromptu class. Had forgotten about the update.
i'd be game for a spot if you end up trying to put a league together. could be good excuse to watch mls games.
u a fagbag
please follow me. it will complete me.
who buying followers LOL
MT : A5: We're trying different venues for events, partnering with businesses, thinking outside the bookstore
Very much welcome ! ;)
But in the nxt 2 yrs any extension would raise output, income and employment. A perm extns would provide more of a lift than a temp one.
RT if you can't sleep :)
Luckiest guy in the world to have as my wife. Cannot wait til r date
Yay! Myers and Odorizzi to Omaha! That's some good news, folks.
Today, we start to gather as masses of aware, concerned citizens to imptove our future, and that of our children
Stop on by for our Monday special: $8 Schlitz and 1/2 price appetizers! 3325 N Southport Ave
bro-rape for me.
Just thinking about how sick the show at the Magic Stick is going to be on 8/2!
And by classism I am using the polite word.
Positively Pittsburgh Live Radio Tonight at 7pm - Listen to Ashley Moss Talk about Small Business Works on 05.21
answers i will get in huge trouble
Been fighting off a bug the last two days. Approaching normal.
welcome! That's what friends are for <3 I'll always be here.
Finding that would definitely make my week. You rock.
When will you know the results? BTW, I commend you all for having the guts to do that - it was fun watching all the videos!
Nice seeing you this weekend Kelly You were right food from Raw Fusion was delicious!!
If a woman speaks in the forest with no man present, is she still BITCHING ?
What time you leaving ? Where you traveling through ?
thanks for the RT today!
About to critique my Conversation piece. Lets do this.
SHOEGAZE FANS: Release party for Astrobrite "Crush" LP is Wednesday at ! DJ sets by Scott Cortez (Astrobrite, lovesliescrushing)
Gonna go wash my dog then take him walking.!<3
Knowing I will probably NEVER meet Austin again, makes me want to cry forever.
guess they didn't do what they're supposed to do huh? Lol feel better
What I said to really hope he sees it if you can really see it clearly just go on his wall check it out came from the heart
Your friends are so great. Lol. I know! My heart melted so much when they were dancing. I am so glad I found this show.
OMG I am following I love him dude you do look poetic with a beard. hehehehehe woooooohooooooooo
Just wanna tell my hubby Gn & I love You! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
leave school immediately
except the ride is much more anti climactic
Today's Soups: Country Vegetable, Cream of Chicken with Wild Rice, & Chili
What gets longer when pulled, fits between a woman's boobs, inserts neatly into a hole & works best when jerked hard? A seatbelt.
I've called and emailed about 40 times. No response. Not exactly a great corporate image. I'm now "tweeting" my request.
"Oooohhh I hope its the fat one!"
Teenage girls talking about relationships like y'all know shit learn how to wipe that ass first
wouldn't it be typical of to somehow use antiquated rules to block the merger?
Totally bummed... Last day in Paris and I lost my camera after the most spectacular experience at the Eiffel Tower. Praying I find it...
Why does my dm always post to my page what the hell. Hmn :) o well
Get ready for spring and summer! Schedule your teeth whitening appointment today. Far better results than you'll get from a tube! 486-4880!
oh good!
already? What happened? I'm looking for one too...
Thank goodness didn't get hit by the twisters that hit #Dallas! Jk!!! I'm glad not a lot Of peeps Got hurt! ^_<
Let us take care of breakfast tomorrow morning! Made to order omelets, every Saturday 9am - noon at our Pearl store.
Lets go
Picks from 185 Cappers are now posted and 11 consensus from these picks and we are off a 4-3 consensus Saturday and it seems Tebone has mem.
thx, I need it for both<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
we like seriously need to move there!
Dropped a bunch of free MKE Punk buttons off with Dan at Rushmore. Make sure to get one next time you stop in.
Join us 4/28 at the Media Event, Orlando. The legendary Timmy Thomas will be raffling off 3 signed CDs of his new remix release W/Alana Joy
Thought: roomba that delivers coffee to you in the morning. Get on that, iRobot!
El link por favor
Spent yesterday on Colorado Blvd in Pasadena, soaking in all the wonderful sights, scents & changing CA demographics at the Rose Parade!
ISSUE #3 UPDATE!!! We've seen the spike in site traffic, so we know you're waiting! Issue will be up later today, Nov. 3rd. #zine #new issue
Munching on low calorie Tic Tacs to help get me through this new no carb diet phase of my life.
talking to right now!
If I had twin babies, you would have to pay me to travel with them prior to the age of 15.
Both baseball and softball got the win
The day has come when I have died only to find I've come alive
Pleased be asked back to rock Denver 2012 again
haha, same here:)
I need a new valentines date!! :D
Hello! How are you? I'm so glad you wrote Proctor or I wouldn't know who you are, not your pic for sure. How are you?
Tis true, has turned me into a #Football junky!
Good morning! And happy Friday!
If that's what float your boat who am I to stop your happiness
Doubled up with AA vs AQ all in on QT3 w/2 to a flush flop in 3bet PF pot
Union back line has played well in 1v1 situations, but the line is all over the place on the counter. A bit more shape would be nice.
Today's #alamw12 #PopTopStage focus is Storytelling (Exhibits,2500 aisle).
Thanks for the Twitter follow.
if I had known it was starting at 5:30 instead of 4:00 I wouldn't have rsvp'd to the other event :-(.
I love your rug!
Visited w/ #HomeInstead #SeniorCare today, what an loving and kind company! eed any assistance for #family, make sure you check them out.
Hi GreyGrey (: Are you going to be going on a summer tour for the U.S.? I f you do I hope you come to New York (: <U+2665>
Love my new sweater I'm wearing today, but I've only left the house to walk my dogs. If you wear a cute outfit and nobody can see it...
good look tell more and seaport the music take care :)
Y'all better kill it tonight , I'm already planning to cite this panel discussion in my thesis.
make me go to sleep
Some people can't grasp that everything is a two-way road, you get what you give. So don't expect a whole lot when you give so little
My dad's cousin Mike brought me a loaf of bread from Connecticut this weekend.
_.-|~_ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
white girl listens to gambino for the first time after quoting his popular lines and says "DID HE JUST SAY RETARDED? YOU CANT JUST SAY THAT"
Fantastic event! Already looking forward to next month's pitch.
To all the people who complained about taking my 20 min. survey: it's 5000x worse having to analyze all your data in a 12 page paper!
I'll tweet you after my softball game!!!
nHappy to see that Health Care Reform" is a trending topic. Just below "Justin Bieber."
I need to get some food, anyone have any suggestions?
. is NOT impressed MT : I'm in the hospital! Just split open my toe running in flip flops. I'm a moron!
"Mum, the presidents are squishing me"
I love this! Chatting on here to someone from KY and my long Australia Jaren!
the best.
Yes!! RT : Hey people, tell the app that gives you your week on Twitter to DM you. The rest of us don't care. (cc: )
What was your total travel time?
Had fun today watching book club students discover verse novels.
Interested to showcase your photos?? Email me...
#ESEA hearing over. Now we wait to see if anything changes.
Im done arguing with people , i just want you to know Jesus . Love on you completly dispite our flaws . Worship him , adore him !
Someone I haven't heard from in a long time called me to say, they found a career job, making $70,000. I replied congrads you deserve it.
Closing all the internet windows by the time your boss gets to your desk is like getting the keys into the door before the killer gets you.
I'll be spectating as & (her first 26.2!) run. Can't wait.
And the most wise tweet of the day by FAR goes to: RT : It's never an inappropriate time for chicken.
TEACH ME.
thanks Nish! Where are you these days?
I mistaked sugar hill for new jack city.... SMH
doors are open. Let the games begin.
just when you think you can take a step forward life screws you ever and make things difficult.
It’s really about the type of meeting that the company is trying to create, rather than the type of company that is holding the meeting
when people assum my twees are for them <<<<<<<<<<<<<
When #ChuckNorris plays Monopoly, it affects the actual world economy.
ikr jackie bout 2 come out in me girl
RT We are live right now #NEW I got some new usher, mavado, camron, & frank ocean! #ItsGoingDown - Im in WA tuned in
Happy Canada Day.. Seeming as though you're the only Canadian i (feel like) know.. I'll say it to you lol.(:
The presents I wrapped tonite are actually brown paper packages tied up with string.
conceited and idiotic
Its Nat'l #Almond Day - we're fans, especially if it's in the form of an #amaretto cocktail...
yeah I'm thinking about that...have u done Plyocide yet?
JAMS open forum Tues. 9:30-10:30 Greene Hall. Come even if you didn't RSVP, but thanks to those who did, like and !
I'm there with you.
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle." By: Steve Jobs -CS
I post the Photos !!!!! And Now I'll Follow You !!!!!
God does not define your life on what you have done, he difines your life on who you are.
Once Bullying begins, it can take different channels and a whole dynamic shape..get out in front of it..
Exactly & obviously not. Ah well some people will never grow up, feel sorry for them.
I love more things than I hate, believe it or not.
i suppose i will update my mac's after a solid 50 days of uptime
thats wasssup im glad to hear u ard . i be out north allot man the city gettin worse . smh .
our goals is for you to not have to worry or know about what version of GitHub for Mac you're on.
app-enhanced Coventry Village walking tour. May 19. 10 a.m. More info? Contact FutureHeights.
Dnt think its working out :( dnt want to do this but...... Idk anymore
Met F. Murry Abraham tonight. I could not have been more in awe. Lots of famous actors in that bar but he blew everyone away.
I don't know it said online to put everything in rice hope it works I have no luck with phones this year
Will also be doing drive-by stock signing/group hugs/howls at and Support your local indies!
haha no problem(: and thanks, u too
That person has memory palaces.
It's hard sometimes. Life without a toaster or microwave.
I have now joined the iPhone cult.
Gotta assume Barmes to SS, Harrison to 1B
Goodnight new friend
I feel like I should turn the channel so they have hopes of scoring a run
I didn't :-( But it is a movie night!
RT : Guess what was an answer on #Jeopardy tonite? The #Celtics. The category was "Pay Paul" and the question was about Pierce.
Do it then fat bitch.
Not sure. I was looking through recommendations on my brother's netflix and saw that title and had to tweet about it. lol
BAYAREABELIEBERS. SO WERE THINKING... BAY AREA BUYOUT FOR #BELIEVE?!((:
that Roussillon/Viognier from Mendocino looked delicious! Hope to see you all at
I guess because we keep letting her, huh?!! Lol
Thanks Bcoop for getting me subway!
i might not go to school tomorrow
hey alli its doug from troys acting class
SOMEBODY is #checkedout. I can only come to #flankhappyhour until about 6 so we'll see!
You forget how lucky we are in #Seattle to have great coffee EVERYWHERE until you travel.
make two dreams come true but following me nd 39
hm i dont think im a restaurant :)
#SALUTETHEDJ #DATSKUSH S/O N #FOLLOW GOT DA EXCLUSIVE MUSIC FLAMING UP ON #DATSKUSH BLOG SITE
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past. - Patrick Henry
I checked the website and this BIOS error is known...why don't they fix it?
have fun getting tan :)
Last episode of #TheOffice in less than 30 minutes!
I can definitely go for right now. the strawberry one or almond:-) yum.
Soo.....My Boyfriend Cheated On Me.....
Won 2bets an hour in pretty tough mixgames and not tough o8 this week. Plus got to play big O and PL badugi for first time o_O hooray
Are you a foursquare aficionado? Us too! Check-in during your next visit to unlock some of our awesome deals!
Swag is for boys class is for real niggas
Good morning n happy Wednesday.
in my school newspaper there was a section about one direction and your name was spelled wrong i was vivid.
you have to stand your ground ppl will try to run you over and thanks good luck to you as well
I sent my solution to the Public Health Plan problem to Obama. Guess what? It'll work. It even supplies a way to pay for it. No new taxes.
is in an undisclosed mountain location.
Protein is an important part of every cell in your body. Beans, chicken and beef are all great sources.
Do you ever get the feeling that you stand in a triangle with the sides marked: artist, collector, and hoarder?
I'm having a pretty good day so far - how about you?
Shameless went there tonight...shocking!
. We just noticed your tweets on women's history! Have you also seen the #wmnhist and #herstory hashtags?
Tehehehe RT "Klout believes you are influential about Muppets." I have failed utterly.
Amber has a huge fanbase. Also, cold autumn
Tweets Be Legit >_<
Despite the challenges of singing in Ukrainian, first rehearsal went pretty well!
--Hello David. Hope you are well. You have been on my mind lately
He/She will SEETHE. I cannot wait for that meltdown. He'll be having one whether he shows it or not.
Borgore - Someone Else's
Join Jeff Jimerson & Airborne this Thursday at 8pm.
You just made yourself look guilty .
I just don't understand how people put up with me, I was awful in my early 20s.
LOL!!! None, yet. I'm just chilling out at the station now…
I leave my broken heart in ur hands
followed, follo back?
Good Luck today Andy !!! You DA MAN !!!
Just posted the new song! Check it out and let us know what you think! :)
Just fed my babygurl niw about to do her hair :))
Making people eat crow? #Mittism akin to firing people I assume, quite enjoyable to
can my band play on your show?
Good for you! RT : Just ran for an hour with hardly any walking! Yay me!
New Girl makes a Tuesday better
Greg Brown is a total toolbag. RTJR? So lame.
can't speak on Mayfair because I have no idea about it...but you can't get a decent house in pennsport for under $300,000
Awesome! See you soon!
Airlines will be required to hold a reservation without payment for 24 hours or cancel a reservation during that period without penalty.
Ha, so I hear...and they had booze? Definitely a selling point we fail to offer
yes and no. Pretty terrible pedometer. Tracks movement of your arm. Gives points based on movemen
Or a lot
“You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me” -C. S. Lewis
Thanks! Dinner by the hubs is making up for the day o' meetings :)
I love fall -- scarves, sweaters and FOOTBALL!!! Excited for this weekend... but nervous for my Buckeyes!!
+there are those doing that who still can't find anything I try not to be mean 2 them because it could be me Just as easily
Jadens baseball game went well! He had 2 hits and 2 got 2 ppl out while playing second baseman!
Please check out www.findinghope.tv A runaway teen-girl fugitive, played by Molly Quinn (CASTLE)
How are things with your startup?
who to contact directly about a meeting room?
OMG ME I HAVE BEEN READY!!!!
#np "element" good stuff
Love is foolish ... but I still might try it sometime. ~ Floyd
dude you got out of DC fast...
what was this?
I will let the boys know!
hahaha dude why you always go to my vocabulary it's not funny . Lol think of something better than that hahaha
Gods love for me is greater than any mistake I have ever made. Thank you Jesus.
We are also on Facebook! Keyword - iDecide2B. Like us and get ready to tell us what you #Decide2B!
“ #Taurus don't talk their business to anyone.”
both my films Undisconnected and Smiley were nominated for best short comedy at the Bare Bones Film Fest! Super excited!
Question asked about ladies event: WSOP says it will have to let men play, but will try and "discourage" them from doing so.
I got 5 followers! That's a big milestone for me!
It's Wilson 4 Central. But everyone calls it the Harry Potter Room b/c it looks like the main hall at Hogwarts.
that's a good point. so much GOOBing cc
too tired to be here. can I go home?
Literally an AMAZING day outside! -- And I'm starting to feel tons better!
Agreed..you can always count on Apatow for a nice, awkward sex scene... #fighton Mr. A
Hope you and your family are happy with the college acceptances! Isn't this THE DAY to hear from eveyone?
T-alert: ALL buses delayed by traffic & org. line by police. Waiting 4 email: "Everything we operate is experiencing a 15-20 minute delay"
oh hay Gurl hay
Neither of the two Manchester sides have broken through yet, Newcastle concedes goal at Everton...
I got a whoppa in da car <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094>
Michael, thank you for the RT!
Just get it now!
you are assaulting twitter right now. Do you have your witty ideas at once?
RT : "Need more folks in trenches to give presentations at #ARMA11, sign up for next year" Couldn't agree more. I'm submitting
Workaholic #humblebrag RT: Flurry of twitter action not helping me accomplish my goal of leaving the office at 4pm.
It's clearly a banner year for Yolo Co. grasses... The burning aroma of this year's vintage contains hints of rubber and shoe leather.
no shit? kill them all.
noticed a lot of my favorite WaPo articles - both serious (Fatal Distraction) and hilarious (Gene and the Machine) are 's
There always will be.
Damn its humid and sticky! Yuk!
In reading, as in eating, an appetite is half the feast. - Anonymous
RT : The shit I see on twitter is RIDICULOUS
and the biggest girl ever told u "let's do it again" lmao
Protesters blocking roads & bus routes & causing traffic delays for Philadelphians in Center City. Plan for delays. #There'sABetterWay
Red shirts on Star Trek. We knew they'd die :).
I'm about 1/2 way thru my 2nd cup of coffee. I'm awake but not full. I need my boost to hurry the eff up! I got things to do.
pshhhhh lies! (: well I'm tired D:
Where I'll be in 5 years ugh I have no clue if you do let me know
A little fresh air and sunshine in the park replenishes the soul.
maybe you want to date a teacher. (shrugs)
oh, how convenient.....he is getting arrested.....the cops appeared from thin air as if they were watching him....AMAZING!
#ImNotLooking for anyone else but
So I shaved my head. Now it takes me only eight minutes to get ready to go out. I think somehow the two are related.
not usually called on Brady
I wish I was best friends with she can have fun in virtually any situation
- I thought you meant the #Nirvana song... was getting a little #geeked up to listen!
Don't ask the question "How do we create social media strategy?" Ask "How do we create strategy for a digital world?"
"Severely Conservative"... "Extraordinarily Pro-Women"
no I don't know of him to be on any med or have left in a car
Bobby Rush is a badass!
So glad I got to sleep in! It feels great. :)
Eff it, it's Friday #NP Destiny's Child "Say My Name" on
Looking for great urban shots of Lyon! Email ASAP if you have anything!
can everyone pls follow he follows back <3
Devil Inside Me was also lame, terrible movie with a terrible ending.
effect & controversy not same. Fans r always heated & will still b fans. Now they're talkin/engaged. Boosts ad $
Organic Chemistry, Physics, Biopsychology, & Bioscientific Vocabulary Building from Latin and Greek..my schedule is gonna be fun (-_-)...lol
Joining the conversation about global health with
you forgot to mention the Tierra!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091>
I miss you already!
Oh no nigga, am I really the only Asian in this muthafucka?
au i know :p hahahaha
People like that just don't understand how to train or workout.
LOL especially "questionable" #Friends!
Meeting deadlines...
If you follow me, ask for a follow back if you want me to follow u. I will! And if I'm not following you but your following me, let me know!
I didn't get the NOLA reference.
I feel so inspired right now! #God works in wonderful, mysterious ways. You've just gotta accept him.
Monkey see, monkey take a pic Everyday life is a trip! Follow me on Instagram : chri2u
If the snow hits like predicted, I may not physically be able to get to the show tonight. :(
RT : CES is over. Some things to look forward to are Motorola Xoom and Bionic, LG Optimus 2x, Intel Sandy Bridge chips,...
So tired. Leavin tomorrow!
I was thinking the same thing! RT “: RT : You have snow?!?!? I am SO jealous. JEALOUS!
I like studs lol
SWEET! Then you must
China: Manufacturing activity contracted further in April, although the sector improved from levels seen in March, HSBC showed Monday.
um hate to break it to yaa but it's #dafuq ? :)
Now at ulta san Marco's right next to boscia skin care come in for a consultation here until 3 pm!
hey Deb, thx for the follow. How are you?
So pleased to hear mention innovation happening ! We can! We will!
no excuse... But it is true...
Money, you got lots of friends. When you're gone and the spending ends, they don't come around no more.
Thanks Leigh, helped finance that and want to make sure to make the grand opening.
Oh, it an honors ceremony. Good to see someone achieve academically. Especially when I repeated 3rd grade, twice.
Is it too late to vote for first mani/pedi?
Why doesn't golf have super imposed advertisements from sponsers in the fairways and greens?
we had a great time at your event on Saturday! Thanks for having us!
Eric Wedge needs to stop the ridiculous Brendan Ryan experiment in the No. 2 spot. Move Ichiro there, Seager to 3, Montero 4.
Also, let me know if you find a remedy so that I can also benefit from it.
That song depresses me for some reason.
So ... How's everyone doing today?
Will have a new listing in Aurora, CO on the market tonight. 3/2 $175k close to Buckley AFB.
Does anyone elses phone favorite random tweets ?
Good morning! Blessed to see another day!
Im looking for entrepreneurs to help me feed dying kids. I need people who are looking to give. But you will be taken care of dont worry.
Meh...unfortunately no surprises, the best talent has already been eliminated.
#WeWontWorkoutIf You bitch when i go out. This is high-school... have some FUN.
How long until this GM battery lab fire gets blown wildly out of proportion?
Thanks for the suggestion!
middle schoolers riding their bikes-ruining our tennis courts and hanging on our already horrible net.
I overheard my auntiee talking bout a vacation!!!
Opening tonight & launch party at for ! Then check out for "Spices"!
Can't take cred for that one..that was Ms. but with city like a Miami..that quote goes a long way!!! lol
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 31
says cardio addicts often focus too much on their legs and ignore their core! Don't let that happen! Strong core=strong you
I love you!!!!!! Please follow me PLEASE
doesnt matter, we won...
Need a movie to watch
PLAYBOY MANSION PARTY TONIGHT w/ Kasey and Katie!!!
presents on AARP's mobile initiatives @ TONIGHT 9/20 at 6 pm -- See you there! j.mp/pXlHI4
Dear hair, since u don't like to cooperate when I most need you. Your getting chopped off. The end.
Yes acts238 is right baptism, tongues, what about holiness? be ye holy for I am holy, one step is clothing
ha ha!!! That's why they love me.
and even more so after an average or poor round...
lol damn u are meant for Kane we gotta hook u guys up
Its really hard to tweet this much!
please follow me <3 <3 i love you George pleaaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Hell world. It has been too long. How's it crackalacking????
I'm convinced that sometimes you don't know what you mean by your own statements “: I bleed for you.”
ha, yes… it's about time!
Lock landed :)
Hook'em horns!(:
Also thanks to for auction support - should be a good one
Cool! Where'd you get it?
Ah. Well, your jacket and yellow vest still win out over his shirt.
After that lay up..u know boon dizzle gonna be hurting .lol
Day was perfect bc of Austin:)
Hey everybody! In case you didn't know, apples are delicious. That is all.
There's a cute, tall, white guy here. Uh, HOW U DOIN'?!
"Thats why you're a substitute teacher!"LMFAOOOO
:/ well i hope everythings alright! are you coming saturday?
ima tell her ! Aha
My phone and ipod stay goin dead .
images in so far from bradley, brian l, chad, elin, jack, julie, lisa, nancy, peter b, seth, shawn g and william - 39 to go
Say you got a man ok ma &?
Famine in Bengal bookends British Rule in India. Catastrophe politics.
and big azz margarita dates. oh god yes<3
AWESOME! : Jeff Fitzgerald using one of our songs as an intro is like a white supremacist coming out to gangsta rap!
new album of FOUR YEAR STRONG YIHAA !
It jumped out of a 7 story building in the Bronx
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow? x33
Oh well
Spoken like a true pastor of a mobile church!
Life is short. Be kind to one another.
ha lol so true
Have high hopes, aim for the stars, show the universe, who you really are!
Rep vos speaking to endorse jeff fitzgerald for us senate
definitely must be Oreo.
I can just tweet you the public link if you want ^^
Taking down my hair#sooobored!
Too much sports on the tube today to follow!!
Happy Birthday Dad!
RT“ Minor setback.. You know the rest!”
26B videos a month in the US? I call BS on that number...
Ok with what
no worries! Sent :)
i hope your talking about your job
Great to see you again! Enjoy the rest of your trip.
Basketball Wives is about to come on >.<
oh and good morning everyone
Got alot done today, Still working on price list for show. Merchant machine is on it's way! Almost ready for Art and The Vineyard Eugene OR
STEAM = leverage the whole brain
devouring scrumptious gluten-free, dairy free cheddar chive biscuits frm for breakfast w/
Hey Im tired but I promise to tweet u tomorrow! Ur beautiful just the way u are ! Remember that ! #MuchLove !!
Now students can debate science controversies, like if evolution is real, or if freezing water really turns it into ice.
Carl is just a fantastic name.
we have been getting the strangest emails lately.
oh my god is so perfect <3
super fun preview party last night of collection for - gorgeous art and great company!
when you read my book, did anything jump out at you as far as grammar or spelling errors?
You got it!
Sunday Funday! Go get a $1 drink at your favorite bartab bar!
Which #socialmedia platforms do you spend the most time on?
O new Burrito Madness word! has the best burritos in the "world!" =)
#SAForum2012 There is need to stimulate product oriented innovations in Africa
Team Largo joined the project, now we've got Sound Engineers, perhaps an Editor tighten up the narration a bit, we're ready to go again. :-)
Great show and artist talk with Dell Nelson at Terwilliger Plaza. They are cutting edge in senior communities.
Victim in #surrogacy scheme says defendants Theresa Erickson and Carla Chambers "made and sold babies like custom cars"
hahaha it's hard to root against the pacers tho...
The house was rockin' at the Alben Barkley dinner in Paducah. Lots of folks fired-up about this ticket!
Hap B day Avery!! :)
Fake people expose themselves in time, just play your position
You said to reply to the email I received…well I've been waiting 5 days and STILL haven't received a reply.
Thank you for the opportunity to write it :)
Writing and writing. I have a headache.
Sittin on a cock since I'm gay. Watchin my balls bounce away. Sittun on a cock since I'm gay. wastin time.
LET'S GO SAINT LOUIS U FUCK MIZZOU
Damn, I haven't been on this account in ages! How've you'll been? Follow my bestfriend please? She follows back! !
What was your biggest takeaway from MIT Enterprise Forum tonight?
Thanks for your support it is exciting to see support for public art. Be on the look out for the
Billy Elliot got 15 Tony noms!! So deserved...I really want to see it again!
robertson is a beast but having them go 8,9 it makes it a seven inning game.
Sees Madison Alumni at Shout House in the Gaslamp
how long did Freeman play? He gets injured and your season is over
what if the strippers stage name was Love Handles? Two birds...
Celebrating the great work of our Skirball Awardees, Volker & Lisa. Thanks for your dedication & commitment to help Holocaust survivors!
#FF & the dumbest yet funniest guys on Twitter lol
RT : Never lie to someone who trusts you. Never trust someone who lies to you.
I was able to catch up on FNL before it ended last year. Listen for the Delta Spirit song in the last episode. Great band.
Check by the bed.
Thousands of companies are able to grow their businesses from the billion of dollars that are freed up every year by factoring.
Got u": and i have our verse done. Waiting on RT
These refs suck so much cock right now it's ridiculous
--> you both rule!
grudges aside, looked the wrong call to me. Hit his stomach and nothing intentional about any minimal arm contact after that
By one point, it was a close game.
A line of storms in western Waukesha county/eastern Walworth are moving east. At this point, these storms are NOT severe.
We model the importance of validating sources.
DJ, Florist, Cake, Invitations, Save the Date, and so on.......what color, dreaming about my clients weddings and events now.....lol!
Up early this morning, volunteers in at 6am to beat the heat!
she will be even better next year and for many years to come
watching the UK baseball game on Justin.tv, vs. #9 Arkansas. UK up 6-4 top of the 4th
good to meet you in real life! I hope you had some good fun while in Austin
Sheriff Forbes delivers some disturbing news to Alaric and Elena. #TVD is ALL NEW tonight @ 8 on !
HAHAHAH yea I just made it and ate Half of the candy on the way home ..... Woops!
I wanna
We say RT : NO clue where to dine this evening before show. Thinking 3rd Ward/Walkers Point. Suggestions?
MSNBC just keeps raising the bar! How about Get Smart?
It's would be simple to make it complicated, but it's complicated to make it simple.
That ended up being a good tour after all
Hi friends. Follow my friend
Where was the last place you spotted the van?
#takemeout and show me a good time..
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.” <U+2015> Mahatma Gandhi
Oh wow,that sucks!
This week I will live rather than merely be alive! I want to
hahaha love ya both
That article is great, and the list of resources and scholarly works at the end of it is great too! Thanks.
Running strong. The speedwork is paying off. The best prep for a business meeting is a fast run. It works, signed a new client last week.
Snowed yesterday in Portland, but today it's sunny and 70. From Blanket to open windows in 24 hrs. What's for tomorrow?
is looking for the twitter response to the speech
money talks real loud bullshit whispers
Who had a better day d will or rondo?? My vote is rondo!!
nice (: haha please follow me <333
#TurnOns & #TurnOffs coming soon
Nah we can't play there anymore cuz of all those kids that got into fights outside and the people throwing stink bombs everywhere
In Nashville, near the Vanderbilt campus, with the Wisconsin-Vandy game looming. Should be interesting.....
S/O to because I love her like a sister and she's my geometry buddy <3
WTF?!? She was gorgeous! Why would she mess with her face??
please follow bck(:
We have some Blackhawks shirts in our "Blackhawks" section! enjoy
game of thrones occupies my nts
thanks! Glad you enjoyed it.
will showcase the Xerox Color 800 Press, Xerox 700i Digital Color Press, & Xerox Color 550/560 Printer at #GOA2012 in booth 313
Make sure you check us out with Chelsea Grin, Attila, and For the Fallen Dreams March 25th at peabodys in Cleveland!
and we feel lucky to have discovered you, have a great day!
Sure, great idea. I'm getting unburied here, if you want to fwd to me I'll get it up on the site in the next day or so and announc
“: I hope the Titans can make that late push for Mr. Manning...” would cry....literally.
Got to stop this crap already .. Im just hurting myself
Oh shit. Gonna be wild.
thanks dear for the bday wishes!
don't go all Metallica on us now
oh really na it's ok.. I figured u really liked me that u had to follow me more then one a day.. Lol
enjoy the prizes! You earned them! See you next year!
oh, youch! That's no good. I'm sorry u weren't a fan. Sounds like a redo is in order. Next visit is on the house. Thx 4 feedback
#TGIF Same Day Appts all weekend long! BaddBoyzHair #Salon Full Mens#Barber Shoe Shine $75 #weave #braids #FlatIron Color #Nails 510 8321100
Happy Mother's Day !!!!!
Finally updating the Greater NOLA archivists web directory.
I am! It's taco Thursday at ! Does that tickle your fancy or did you have something in mind?!
Need to tan
Thank you so much Chey, you're the best!!!!
It's Wed! That means...new BOSTON isolated tracks coming your way! Super fun one, too!
For the wheels still in spin and there's no tellin who its namin. For the loser now, will be later to win. For the times they are a changin'
on my way. I'd like a redheaded slut and a spotted cow.
Life is a field of unlimited possibilities. -Deepak Chopra
Rumor mill is that the Angels consider you a better investment than Albert Pujols thus far #ThatsMyCurry!!
I was on time!!!
Yea she stiff as hell
On the other hand, PHP *has* allowed me to write the line 'var_dump($hit);', which definitely appeals to my inner twelve year old.
Constitution Day at Kingsborough tomorrow. Look for voter reg forms at kiosk
Morning everyone <3
Lol FCAT is trending. Good thing im smart and got a good ACT score
I need to get something in the nofs just for an excuse to visit fam and play in Nawleans
You really never realize what you have till it's gone....toilet paper being a good example.
haha. :D you still look pretty and stunning with your nervous/excited face! Haha.
You know you're old when you see a music video and think 'what the hell is that?' ...And I grew up with Peter Gabriel videos!
Normal Person Flirting: "Hey, babe, what's going on?" Me Flirting: "Your face. I like that shit."
C+ in physics! I passed all my classes!
lmao u need to keep up haha
That link led Firefox to this comment: "Great tips for teaching any 5-6 week class. Thank you!" Which was kind of funny.
I really like Stefan. I feel like they should give him his own movie.
Sorry for the typos, little bro. I have the FLU! You coming this weekend?! Love you!
i didnt know that thanks lol
what's the number
Thanks! I wanted to go to that session but had a conflict of interests, so to speak.
Memorial day weekend come faster! Can't wait to get the hell out of here
A baby is born with a need to be loved - and never outgrows it. -Frank A. Clark
But I mentioned the whole list of organizers at the end :)
Feeling sick on Saturdays should be illegal... But then I'd be in jail... Never mind.
India. nd u?
I realize cost of goods goes up w/gas prices, demand etc...but when did bottled water from a vending machine become $2??
. excellent commentary from a future editorial artist.
June 8th, so there's plenty of time to plan. I was thinking of Newport, due to the proximity of Hofbrau Haus (and also my haus).
I didnt go at all
Tax Season starts Jan 17th
alright i yelled ur name in the hall and you didnt hear me!
get me a little please
Mark Furst of : "Homelessness has a profound (negative) impact upon student success."
Jonathan Vilma just got GOT. Roger Goodell is not playing!
Natural Ways To Weight Loss With Weightlosslover And Fullhealthguide
Free ground shipping on all orders over for the rest of the day.
well unfortunately neither a degree nor a career will give you common sense. he needs to just open his eyes
your awesome Joey have a great week.
Finally done editing all the pics I've taken since January. Now comes the fun part - reliving the memories & sharing them with you. :)
(shakes head sadly) Ah, it happens.
is just so darn cute, losing her son..haha
RT - my mind just exploded. apparently Biggie and Tupac were 24 and 25 when they died. that can't be possible
Bro do me a favor! Get me followers!
I'll set about preparing the ground. Here in southeast Ohio, they talk of little else except for the Confectionery Stall
I have been hearing a lot about a redesigned Seahawks logo with new colors. Do I have to buy all new gear?!
Back at ya...so glad you could make it.
u should be tired, you covered a lot of ground 2day!
Pittsburgh it's ur turn tonite, r rocking Mr Small's Theatre. Who's going?
he won't even notice a crappy stadium. Besides, that's not the important part. :)
I don't know why I have a TV. It's always on but I never pay attention to it.
super excited for the sedona film festival this weekend!
I'm not even from the Bay and I use the interwebs to listen to KMEL. Just that good! Holla. Happy Turkey Day :)
Yeah, it's takes some time but the 10 minutes it takes to set up a playlist on the Virgin America RED system is totally worth it. Love it.
"Let the writing itself lead" -- Jennifer Egan #marymountu in response to a student question.
You too.
For some reason our website video doesn't work on phones. Bummer!
Good morning<U+2601><U+2600>
Special thanks to native Pittsburgher and #smallbiz expert Melinda Emerson for joining us tonight.
Been listening to the Ampersand EP this week- so love it. When do we get to sit across from each other over coffee, again?
of course ! haha I miss your little Armenian booty!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
How hollow is a social system when a bunch of people with placards and costumes provoke the number of cops on the streets of NYC today? ...
Please read our hosts tweets, we have a lovely surprise for you tonight ;)
how are you feeling?
Superbad is still so funny. i can't handle it.
i'm not into baseball but i'm a mets fan & can't stand the yankees.. yeah i said it.
Huber Thanks for the follow!
RT : Thanks for another great Chili Cup! Congrats to Flat Iron on your win!
German for Drinkers! Word of the day is Ozapfa (v.). To tap a beer barrel, esp at the inauguration of each Oktoberfest!
yes, but start from the beginning, and last week's was only ok.
Not gonna lie, I love college football free agency.
Typing a text n thinking the word send as u hit it.... Lol like u were telling the message what to do
all seems to now have worked out w/PCPhilly registrations. thx to each of u for support :)
Yay! We can finally book our honeymoon - okay, Seattle, we'll be seeing you... how's early next month?
Earlier today, a kid gave me a ring made of play-doh. He said it was for me to be always feel happy! It's working so far...
... Thank you and welcome aboard
Greys Anatomy didn't do it for me tonight she could have came harder
“: Good Morning”gm
+1 Oh yah! We will be so fly. RT : I'm excited about our new work uniforms - scrubs and crocs. Cream and crimson of course.
Could you see the whole nfc south starting out 0-2?
wow ok im done D: i dont mean to go on lol
It's Just bad fucking policy at work if you ever want to get your cock out for a walk.
We hope so too!
OF WORK!!! let my weekend begin!! Off to applebees for round two lol
The creepiness level of this guy who just intently watched my TSA patdown is off the proverbial chart.
It's Valentine's Day, Show some LOVE!
uSaid it like we argued. .
hello, we met at the Scott David workshop and I didn't get a chance to introduce myself. Hope to see you around. Best of luck
How the hell did you get just as a handle?! That's crazy.
"Personalization needs to be rebranded: Customerization. Focus on making a better experience." Russ
Check out Black Saturday at Ulana's on 2nd and bainbridge, Goth Dance Party! That place is cool and creepy!
i forgot to watch today!
I was thinking of signing up for but now I won't since they still advertise on Rush Limbaugh's radio show
Its great that my wife and I can sit here with no tv on and just talk.
For the first time in quite a while, I felt like I mostly knew what I was doing on this math homework...
Derek, you better not be eating buttered pancakes.
Reminds me of my beautiful country DR.
Just tapped Fort George Vortex Imp. IPA.
surely someone has mentioned Jon Krasinski? Surely.
After close and careful review the grass was not greener on the other side and that's why I'm going back, life is more pretty again.
People who don't control their kids then spend the whole softball game yelling at them ruin it for everyone else. Control your fucking kids!
please follow me!!!
Well stop being so sneaky. I'd rather be able to see you....
Thank you!
When Do You Come Home From #Vacation?
Beautiful spring day!!!
Spent me a little time in the French Quarters eating beignets... now i'm eating boiled shrimp... I have definitely been missing this food.
Play Taxi Media launching Club Zone campaign in the coming weeks. All your nightlife needs are a touch away!
I so wish I had tickets to go :-)
Merry Christmas to the parmcrisp family and to the parmcrisp world! Wishing you a holiday of happiness and health!
Between my new baby and my new iPhone, my cats are already having a crappy 2012.
I didn't go to bed. Figured I'd come into work at 6am.
: oil tax? With gas $4 / gallon. Good luck
up for brunch at knotts. :) early #MothersDay!
The quince was very fun last night :)) and goodmorning everyone :)
All thats for breakfast is fats and carbs.
I'm moving on to RG3 RT QE3 talk is tired. Its gonna happen. I'm moving on to QE4 speculation.
CAMOS BROTHERS is now OPEN for business! Stop by and try us any time this week for a $2.00 slice!!
Good luck today! I wish I could be there, but I'm very fine that I can't. :-P Love, love, love you! xoxoxoxoxo
Love the #Florence song being played throughout the season 2 #GameofThrones trailer!
Call our firm if you have #Reassessment questions, 1-866-273-1941!
Fuuuuuuck I dun wanna go to school tomorrow. :\
We are looking for some great food writers to come in and try out new menu! Message us if you are interested or know someone who is!
Okay just call her or something! so youre staying the night? oh la la ;)
we got that out here what you need though
What if I smoked spice with my battle n got kicked out the army
there's only 6 more days left, this school year went by so fast! i won't miss it one bit.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. ~ Albert Schweitzer
Sherry Martin Photography, Bachelorette Boudoir and Boudoir by Sherry are one in the same... <U+2665>
lmao yeah but Rihanna is young sex, Ciara is like grown woman sexy lol!!!!!
Lol never too late hop on the heat side. Memphis is about to get eliminated anyways
#fridayreads Gave up on Death Comes to Pemberley (PD James) at 16% mark. On to The Taste of Salt by
It's like all his good luck last year has gone bad this year and he's paying for it big time.
i am soo proud of you and everything you've accomplished<21 here F&A<21
Rubber sink gloves are not for gardening.
The good news here is that you were at a grocery store. :)
To all our amazing facebook fans.......Happy Hump Day! Proceed with caution! :-D
Taking Paramedic school final tomorrow. I WILL be a paramedic. There's no question in my mind that i know this....
From our family to yours... Wishing you a safe and Happy Thanksgiving weekend.
All characters have some of the author in them
is a genius!!
I'm all about Katniss. She is "the girl on fire!!"
Will You Ever Come To SAN DIEGO California #AskAlexConstancio P.S I Love You...... :)
Meat Meat Meat! :) Prepping for the lake tomorrow! We got hamburgers, hotdogs, bbq beef, siskabobs... haha idk how to spell it!
First day of filming for Hansel and Gretel! Pretty awesomem!
It's a "where do I go from here?" kinda day....
My hair grows way to damn fast. I hate it. My just start buzzing it. IDGAF. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
If I'm alone, it's not because I could not find the right person, it is because I like to be! :)
The worst professor I've ever had at Georgetown just got tenure. Yay academia!
#PENS win again! love it :)
I love writing <3
beliebers go follow she follow back
About to announce the APPNATION NYC MOBILE + TV 3.0 SUMMIT keynote. This is gonna be GOOD! Drum roll, please...
Quick, do any of you think I'm responsible enough to make qatayef for 150 people during Ramadan?
#LifeWithoutTwitter I was totally lost!!
How can an offense be successful when there isn't a pass play in the playbook that is more than a 15 yards?
Come visit us at the table in the COMPT Marketplace of Ideas - we're here until 5:30!
Philip K Dick?
HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO EVERYONE!!
Done. Let summer vacation begin
Thanks for the love on Friday!
Really dodging a bullet in AZ, WAS SUPPOSSED TO RAIN, BUT YAY!!!
Are you following that little College Basketball tournament that is underway? Have a social media platform of choice to chime in with?
Wise words
Excellent special on #stopbullying I hope people it instead of Kardashians!! Thanks, AC!
I watch superbad every night before bed
I have a soccer game today. Umm dont really want to go.
i am going to say it was the scuff tires he put on during the last pit stop
"I know very little about acting. I'm just an incredibly gifted faker." - Robert Downey Jr.
aw, thank you. i stained the cork, wrote the numbers, photographed the cork and designed the cover. i LOVE it.
Bad start in the main. Lost set vs set. 24k.
And, that is what you call a good morning(;
I just noticed how weird I am. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I know I'm such a Guido.
Even more so with days like this. :)
RT : RT : Would Jerry Jones fire Wade Phillips at halftime? << If he has any sense he should!
will not be leaving Baltimore/DC for broadcast opportunities TFN!
thanks for your support! In one day, we reached 11% of our goal.
I need me a fitness ball ..and a boyfriend
Parents: Please keep an eye on your kids when in public and don't let them run around unattended. Kids CAN get hurt or taken if you don't!
“: Sleep is for people with no internet connection.” hah
RT : FHA annual premium is going up on Monday. Now is the time to find a house and lock in the lower premium.
Good morning Japan :-)
LOL what's up
This day needs to go faster
Your a dude , and you trying to fight a girl. Something wrong with that picture ?
The Nuggets just prove they don't have what it takes to win this game or this series. They're built to make the playoffs, not win in them
nothings right im torn<3
Becky Churro ! lol Vincent read that & he was like WHOS BECKY CHURRO?
RT : RT shady people have no profile pics ... *or either ugly <-- or no body shots , I hate that
They were right in saying that! Haha
Woo! RT Putting together our IGNITE video for #UPA2012 in VEGAS! get excited....
it is jam-packed and absolutely out of this world!!!
Good luck! Very cool.
Happy Mothers Day all mothers out there thank you for all your support #Love, #Care we owe you our lives because without you there is no us
Roof top lunch today for and !
pls let him also put free food in my mouth.
had such a great time at the center for theater art's xmas party. i really work with some amazing folks!
missed your face in class today!!!!! I hope you're having a fantastic Friday!!! :)
I am what God said I am, blessed,anointed and chosen.
Apparently the President just flew over our house in his helicopter. cool :)
Checking in @ Markey's in Bywater, cuz NOLA is a whole different deal.
congrats... 13 years is a long time anywhere
I really really freakin' miss Leslie Nielsen
Listen to Sure Shot RT : Ocean Avenue - Yellowcard
my mom thinks she can get me to stop talking. HA!!! maybe she should try telling the earth to stop spinning, or Justin Bieber to hit puberty
that's annoying! I totally want to meet him!!!
Watching Khloe and Lamar on E!. :P
not bad. We had a groupon so it made it worth it. Really only 4 lines but they say 5. One is a small test one.
not to sure what went down.. had to leave them room!!
Trivia of the day: Gueydan is known as the "Duck Capital of America" in recognition of its abundance of waterfowl.
I stayed home from school to see on live with Kelly. I wonder what he will say bout
Great picture! Thank you!!
The VooDoo haven't been stopped yet. New Orleans scores on their third possession, a touchdown pass from Rocco to WR Josh Bush. 21-14 lead.
#TasteandToastThursdays @ to featuring Sharon Gainsburg, Eva Paulussen & musician Ryan White Maloney
Irish Stew & Beer Bread. Do St. Patties the healthy way.
Oh Comeon he asked kindly!(;
No longer will I give my attention to such wasteful things
Who's the azn guy in the bckground of yr profile pic?
Some visitors process/digest their experience by taking photos, tweeting, posting to FB. How do you feel about it?
I counted 9 cliches by the guy during that commercial.
send me all!:)
It's decided. My 2nd memoir will be... Sunk Cost : the Mark Huntsman Story
Trying to sleep, not very successful. I shouldn't have taken that nap yesterday afternoon.
RT : Meet fellow Texan , a marketing director who shares great resources and engages. Congratulate her on upcom...
When you make your tweets based around somebody else, it still shows that you have a lot of growing up to do.
I'm going to be spinning acid and detroit techno tonight at Artifice at 9pm.
totally agree. And why are Play and YouTube ahead of Gmail, Documents and Calendar?
feel like she was preg for 2 yrs RT RT : She's arrived! gave birth to baby girl Maxwell Drew Johnson
Add a little lemon wedge to your water to boost your metabolism!
It must be hard for people to take me seriously with that avi. haha Just thought of that.
Not so cool: totally dismissive of community practice. W/o precedent, schools have been "guessing" what % is magic #fairuse cutoff.
Have a nice night :)
Most boring Spanish class ever. Watching Toy story in Spanish is stupid
EPIC TONIGHT!!! START THE YEAR OUT RIGHT W THE EPIC FAM!!! Rock Church Cafe 5&7pm
#ThoughtsWhileRunning sub out, sub out now
Hey ! Where can I pick up a pair of #skidzies? Do they come in different colors? Love the late night desk.
you amaze me, I've never known about a person so talented .x
Retreat Giveaway!!
Major rescue in SC shutting down a breeder/puppymill! Need foster homes to help socialize all the rescued furbabies. Consider it!
awww get well soon. Everything is going well, refuse to complain. Just working non-stop. Good to hear from you.
Just spoke to 120 people at the wine supper about and our shared commitment to creating community.
but ik how these women get down out here n id hate to pretend that my lil girl is an angel smh these hoes have corrupted the world
Nice! Well next time tweet us a pic :)
Plz I need help pickin a college what persuaded you to go to Marquette University
I told u James already has a dad... Gosh “: Edward you know I want to be a dad :-)”
Ouch, #bucks schedule looks tough! Especially early on.
Of course it is. That's my luck. :)
We now accept all major credit cards
Nike Tiempo Legend IV Workout Shoes - 2012 cleats
you're stone cold 100% wrong!!!!
me? No. I'm the reporter who talked to you like a year and a half ago
Congratulations Principal Michael Leach for submitting the winning Classroom of the Future application in WI!
I just did :)
Exhibit set-up has begun!
Tech review app does not allow edits to prepackaged tweets. To share u must switch to twitter app or push send now. Just sayin.
thank you!! That means so much to me!! You are so nice to do that! There will be more raps to come!! Thank u 4 the support!
#teamAkil! I love that. I am totally willing to practice the "ies!"
Here are just a few of the thousands of #mascot costumes Olympus Group has produced for Universities across the country:...
Worry free, is the way to be.
Vinyl Banner SALE Prices www.bannersbydesign.com Full Color or Text promote your business or conference...
"F yes!" - Ms. Lawrie. Easily made my day.
LETS FUCKING GO
oohh...movie popcorn is evil! Love it though.
Thanks all for joining us at our webinar today! cc:
Absolutely! I need to get a pedi too. Do you want to ride over with Papa? (I'll buy you breakfast at Ihop)
<U+266C> Good talking with you this morning Dave, look forward to working with you in the very near future <U+266C>
I love that Cleveland is basically small market radio even though it's a large market
walking off to chants of MVP on opening day after a 2 hitter. Chills..thank you for being a Tiger.
Let me go clean up before Taylor wakes up.
lets get that yung ill vs conceited bro
Yeah,racism is so 20 years ago Lol!
So spongebob and nick's most recent show have been moved to the Friday death spot. I guess it doesn't matter because it's nick though...
hey i'm sure you guys were fab c:
had a great Sunday. Does she really have to prep MORE auditions for tomorrow?
Every plane should have a PARACHUTE - to save it at times of plane crash! Please RT and spread the word and save lives! Pls RT
One shot...Hey! Mas Tequila!
If pro is opposite of con, then what is the opposite of progress?
Until then...im laying down.
This Peters business is #notgood #eagles he's such an asset but we'll get by
dnt count on it bruh that's another lost for today
RT "Strategies: Canada Drops the Penny, but Will the U.S.?" Well, someone tell the dummies to pick it up! It's good luck :D
#10thdistrict: Let's give #Congress #Heck by sending a proven leader #dickmuri there to get things done!
- was the t-shirt an XXXL?
“: All I want is money fu$$ the fame #2Pac” I'm a simple man
there really is only so much nonsensical wailing I can stand in one sitting.
Who are you excited to see at #SportsExposSac ? We are excited to have at the show again!
fam you a hatter for that. Don't be mad cause the knicks getting fucked up. They came out bullshitting now they getting whooped
making friends with my inner GRRRR
no update on the Bosh injury yet either
Allegro will be holding auditions for both male and female dancers starting in Sept -Nov. www.allegrodancecompany.net for details soon!
I think the only reason why people hold onto memories is because memories are the only things that don<U+FFFD>t change when everyone else does.
I've been at work for 45 minutes and I'm done with all my shit, what the fuck am I going to go for the next 7 hours._.
Comic Expo here I come
plone devs do it with context
Have you tried the NEW Chicken McBites? Totally poppable!
#Manuscript: something submitted in haste and returned at leisure.
they will buy advertised stuff that they just 'happen' to want to buy. And they will insist on their own agency. Firmly.
Because you can use the $6.7m that's freed up to sign someone (or 2 people) that score and assist, consistently.
Learning about so many great resources for public historians (and the public!) at THATcamp.
Hello Salim! Click on the link next to the #idiom to learn when to use it.
About to head to practice for my women's, flag football team. I got some talent on the field!
it's out my way
Have a great experience! RT : Just loaded the bus to head to for 9 year old DD's
Now I have to get a new outfit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Thanks to for letting me hog a table for 2 hours and finish my work. I'd never had brioche before either, which is quite yummy.
How about them RAYZ!!!! 9-0 team of destiny hopefully!!!! :-)
L.m.s if you single ladies are still Looking For a good dude.
Thanks for the RT!
New pic posted on FB. Check it out! www.facebook.com/Need4SpeedMotors
RT Two great talkers will not travel far together. ~ Spanish Proverb
Earlier today at San Diego based Sapphire Energy. Exciting company leading the way in renewable green energy.
I think most modern software will do OSC now. What are you trying to do that MIDI won't do?
Happy mothers day!
A lot of my senior friends are leaving soon S/O to 2012
#UKnowUHungryWhen you don't wash your fruits and vegetables before you eat them!
what about the children who's parents can't afford any type of college... But they have a desire 2 be great? Land of the free
A real Superman is not afraid to stand next to a Superwoman!
omg ur so gorgeous!!!!
So glad I have folks like & her fam to hang out with at the spur of the moment. Love yallllllz
I tell em do what I say, they tell me say what I want
just picked up a galaxy nexus gsm last week. Couldn't resist the price drop and Nexus status beats quad core in my book
PSAC proposes emergency levy on members - Calgary Herald
When i get an invite on fb to adans bday party >>>>
RT RT : Know your value so people can respect your worth.
Haha. There are so many hotties in Avengers! My fave ChrisEvans. And my nerd side Marvel.
Opening tonight @ 5:30 pm! For labor day specials. Visit us @ www.newdelhiweb.com for more details!
Do you know the self-pub market every which way and upside down? Message me -
OMG! I got heat in my car again! Thank You!
Black wood in that white Range, and I take off when that light change
i love her voice. and then the lyrics. omg.
Watching The Aviator listening to the commentary track. More beautiful a film than I remember in the theater.
Lol we should. Then find someone to throw another one for Eddie and my birthdays.
If you need time for yourself & a break from full-time caring for a #senior, leave to the professionals at Visiting Angels San Jose
i applaud you, sir. Great job at the Correspondent's Dinner. You've got some balls.
Thanks to both of you for the tweet/retweet! Hope you check out my book!
damn u aint living right broo
aw! Great picture!
because #iamright, or as your daughter said to me tonight, "ugh, whatever, fine". lol
Just met Peter Gabriel.
it was a dope documentary but it kinda left me unsure abt how I feel abt Qtip. Still luv their music though, mayB even more now.
And I love you back
Got BUCKLE jeans yesterday(:!!..
GOP Sen. candidate Mark Neumann on getting $500K in stimulus grants: "We have very successful companies. I'm happy to reinvest the money."
“I knew I shoulda taken that left turn at Albuquerque (Uptown)!” - Bugs Bunny ;0)
live it up sister. One of the few perks:)
Coupondre welcomes several new Broad Ripple merchants: TCBY/Blimpie, Professional Tailor, Massage iNDY, PakMail, and Le Danse Ballroom Club!
Aren't you the one who invented teleportation? Wait, that hasn't been done yet? What?
Watching old Naruto episodes.
FEELS GOOD 2 KNOW THAT I HAVE BEEN PART OF #MYWORLDTOUR !! <U+2665> I LOVE YOU THANKS SO MUCH FOR EVERYTHING !!
word on the block is its 's birthday ? Soo happy birthday love, Godbless !
Congrats to Jessica Simpson on the birth of her baby girl!
when ppl walk slowly in the hallway, like wtf walk faster i gotta go to class
I've been abandoned
thank you for donating pizza to the race today!
.RT : Fractured French: Bord de la mer: tired of listening to mom talk
Really enjoyed lunch at SoBro Cafe. Glad to have a new place in the rotation.
Hot as hell today. Just a bit to hot for me, 99.
"Love your neighbor as yourself." Mark 12:31
Listening to some old blues favorites.... Amazed at how great it all still sounds
And tell Bartolo Colon he never deserved the 2005 Cy Young.
I know I can be a bitch, but it's only because you did something to really piss me off.
"catch and release" model for data - gather it, tag it, let it go and track it.
I didn't ask them to sit in lotus, just any seated position :-)
": *grabs heart pills and holds pillow*"old ass nigga
OMG i know lol
"Every day is a new beginning. Treat it that way. Stay away from what might have been and look at what can be." ~ Marsha Petrie Sue
adding magic tricks would lend a different read to your first statement.
In second period on the first day of my senior year of high school.
you two are going to have an awesome time it was super fun.
sounds like a plan!
I wasn't briefed on why the committee hearing was cancelled and could only speculate...
Today was kinda perfect.
Just finished reading - would love to see the steves take on #ict4d issues. What hidden stories lie in the data?
love Ian's and Julie's plus mention of marley great. Should play one true world by Dave Matthews Band
Good habits result from resisting temptation. - Proverb
hey! i dont have a DM from you :(
I work right near Plano / Arapaho. Howdy!
k. Popsicle sez to say hi to Wilson! ; )
Tweeted from the wrong name
So, i really don't know how to feel right now ):
I'm a known privacy fetishist. After all, I'm a 34 year old man on Facebook AND I conceal my age and gender.
Why are the NY Times and the Washington Post hiring illegal immigrants? Are those jobs Americans won…
#dressshopping yayyy .... -.- well gotta do it sometime ....
cause i want to hear what u have to say actually use my other email mrbambam78 instead
It's at the front. Might even be tipped in? Why do I get these books at 4:30 on Friday??
I'll have to give that one a shot next time!
i followed u :)
Can't find my online readings.....I think blackboard hates me....
They don't figure to generate as much offense against a team that's coming off Tuesday's 1-0 win
I love it! I had no idea you were such an active tweeter!
my main issue: do I work to pay my rent and bills or do I go to school and live with my mom?
its not easy to do either, lips were burned for months!
To those leaning out their New South window watching us sing: HI! /te
That's why they call them "business socks." The one that says, It's Business Time, hon.
I can promise you that never shows up as an on air character in WRP or THE UNDERGROUND. Not gonna happen.
you get the pic s?
If you're looking for love, I'm standing right in front of you - Keith Urban -
Jennifer Hudson killed it. So sad.
Great weekend, but now it's back to work... Should be a good week though :-)
lol "ruckus" anytime old man! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
The Walking Dead is playing with my emotions right now :'(
Anyone wanna try to salvage this day? You'd have five minutes left to make the attempt...
A touching moment to see Bubba Franks don the green sport coat.
Good thing my fav pizzas come from Ledos. Hope they're not voting dumb too.
is glad that nor the winterhawks or any NHL team is owned by paul allen
On way to children's museum for 'Aunt's Day' according to my neice and nephews which are all under the age of 8.
A tour of the CNN World Headquarters and a fabulous dinner at Max Lager's kicked off #Faffcon 2 in fine fashion this evening.
RT : The reason actors, artists, and writers need to have agents is because we'll do it for nothing.
A soul couldn't ask for a more beautiful farewell. Thank you Whitney for all of the music and moments you left behind.
Likewise, the folks who "get involved' to try and tear it all down, or make things fucked up for the sake of drama, are equally ass hats.
Fear's is the perfect marketing scheme for those who project it and an ironic comfort zone for those who consume it.
Ugh dropped my iPod in the toilet n the speaker dnt work! X(
Some bitches have no class...just because you think you know a person doesn't mean you KNOW a person. Bitch please
Waiting for ever for a train to go by on our bus...& this tiny lil thing passes lmfao.
kinda but they r 5 and 8 well now 6
Sometimes survival is valiant.
Good point. Come to #OV103 anyways. It's going to be an epic event.
Ok kool... I will try to touch base later with you to get you some more details.... Looking forward to you rockin the stage!!!
Grr...no cd key
I just found out why my foot hurts when I wear these flip-flops. There was a staple in the bottom of it, stabbing my foot!
6:00 am call times are getting old. one more hour til I can go home, put on my giant robe, & build a frank lloyd wright-esque blanket fort
Nothing but music and announcements tonight on WKCR 89.9 FM & WKCR.org at 10PM EST. Tweet requests.
Lisa should've been fired last night for being verbally abusive to Dayana. I can't believe she gets away w. it!
let's see if know's what's up - thanks for letting us know! cc
yeaher i be that ..
“: They say the good die young i guess these grimey niggas live a long time...” real talk
I've always been a good hearted person , but when no ones sees what you stand for that's when you go #coldhearted it's fuck em.
if only the monarchs were still around, I'll figure out a game I can go to. Thanks for the shout out.
On a global Talent Acquisition town hall meeting. SO much talent at and !
Lets me be the one you call when you tryna be a freak
Heck yeah. I got all that good stuff. And the Foil sculpture. It helped me find Marshall and Mindy.
I would still be asleep if my sisters didn't wake me up. :l
off today, back to work tomorrow at 1pm. looking forward to the chat tonight with Joe Mantegna!
We all have that one creepy neighbor that never comes out of their house.
glad to see ur more involved with the world again. We missed you!¡
what your all about is by far the shallowest and sweetest thing i have read all day, you need a lot more followers.....
finally joined the world of twitter!
- Yes! They're like Butterfingers without the chocolate. Tastier than the name implies :)
In the car with makes me feel like a loser! #sheslamebutiloveher :D<3
HAPPY EASTER!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0> #Vegas bound? Contact <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088> for all your nightclub / pool party VIP reservations & guest lists 702.882.4982
TYVM ... hope all is well!! they need our voices... they REALLY do..
The only thing I love more than a clean shaven Avila is a scruffy Avila
So say we all.
Hello Australia & Ireland! Uh oh, stat obsession in its infancy?
I am currently cat sitting a gorgeous Birman called Oliver. Get well soon! (flower)
KCSM's Chuy Varela has an annual Latin Jazz and Salsa Calendar with photos and bdays of luminaries. Local flautist, John Calloway, Manana!
welcome to me and 's life xD
Is it a Mass Debate? Get it?
Apparently it's snowing...whateves.
exactly where is this at?
Hope everyone has a very safe and very fabulous new year celebration tonight!!
this is so cute
Republican race can easily morph into 2-man Romney/Cain contest if Cain focuses on his small business experience as needed for job creation.
Ugh!! Thats the only thing i have to say...
Host Virtual Expands Hong Kong Cloud Presence with HKNet - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
No kidding. I know when I started-out, the best thing I did was 2 setup mutual referral agreements w/ other companies... worked!
some bitches just want somee famee
I'm developing a bad habit of not saving my research sites. By the time I find them again, it's time for bed and no time to write. Ugh.
is going to be involved in more advocacy for dc commission funding. And health insurance and set storage. Nice!
Don't forget #sdsms attendees get a discount on our social media classes. Grab a flyer at the table.
everyday smile :-)
yes please! (that was so so so long ago!)
I miss your smile, but I do miss mine much more.
Watching the #drewpeterson movie!! This guy was a douchebag!!!! I wish I wish I wish a bitch would!!!! Rot in a jail cell!
Q6 Also, I call the cops when people steal stuff. Without question. It's mostly DVD theft. We find ppl selling them on the street.
Separate is inherently unequal – Earl Warren as the Jacques Derrida of the U.S. Constitution.
Hey Dean, hope #publish2012 is fun, no sign of flagging yet on 2nd day of #pubappx!
Writing day for the NY Smiths.
The act of observing usually influences behavior. In 690 when we were obsrvd while searching I srchd more conscientiously
he`s always there thruu thick & thin
any warranty for broken cases? One of ours has two of the corners broken off…
Tonight presents a reading of The Fiend, 7pm, Hunter College West, Rm 116, NYC. Part of April reading series. FREE
Leadership - Any one can hold the helm when the sea is calm.
It's a really chill Saturday :)
study and training and you be such a beast they won't know what to do on ur comeback!
hi honey how's it going?
I guess second best is all I'll ever be to you.
no comments on the KG all time milestone? if it was Lebron you wouldn't stop talking about it....
Their stand is a must stop every week down at ! So good!
Karma and Creation Energy are sort of my philosophy.
join the club...no time!
congrats to Andy Roddick for beating Federer at Key Biscayne, wow that is a heck of an accomplishment
You go !! Caller was cray cray.....
Re: Billions- How many women billionnaires are there in the world? The sky IS the limit.
The first commandment is foundational to the ten. Get that one and you'll have them all. Exodus 20:1-17
#FF be cool and follow we enjoy working with/through these people!
That's a god decision, besides you must know it's better for you . :)
a kid in my class has the same laugh as you. So I think of you every Monday and Wednesday morning! :) #winning! Hope All is well!!
it was. I can't remember who it was, but Simona got inhaled by a car on the front stretch. Looked like she was sitting still
Just got home from watchin breaking dawn OMG I F'N LUVED IT!!!!!
lol @ the way David said my name xD
U2 #FF great colleagues couldn't agree more!
Is there anything the woman can't do? :)
Fuck love? No, fuck the person who made you think like that ! R.S
Craving chocolate so i decided to make brownies. hopefully oomf doesn't eat them all tommorrow
We're so excited to have you! Be sure to follow for more #WineRiot NYC updates! =)
Its all fun and games till feelings get involved
Let's go black mamba
R.I.P. Donna Summer, queen of disco <3
I think if the Heat fail in the finals again, Pat Riley will do what it takes to get the Zen Master in South Beach.
I got nothing, sister. At least we can be depressed together.
oh so good! RT : Thanks for the drop off today. I'm diggin the Chili Lime!
yaya good idea!!!
eh my bf has been here for over a decade...he's pretty sweet :-)
Beautiful day to get outside with your pet and take in some cosmic qi!
They say it takes a village, but in the case of FetFest it takes several villages
Hahaha Herman Cain is getting mic checked live on CNN! Go protesters! This is crazy.
This sounds like a great opportunity for PR students who are interested in our city--and they all should be. I'll pass along.
heyy I saw bryy tweeted u! U live in norton? Noo wayy I live in Mansfield!
does she have any holiday songs? If yes then its on.
hey! would you be interested in doing a Band T-Shirt Tuesday edition? We can send you some shirts!
I think you’ve overlooked something: Fern Gully is Fern Gully on crack.
I forgot how much I love Southern Men. *swoon*
that was a low blow no one likes Philly
6 miles in under 50 minutes. I have finally uped my running game.
Three Muses: Memory, Voice and Practice/Occasion.
Nice to be missed, Loving God, Loving People! Will keep the Circus in my prayers!
I'm not ready for cheer camp :c
Np Protect ya neck - Wu Tang
You don´t have to be afraid, To put your dream in action!!!!!!!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>hell yeah excited
lol check your FM real quick
(via ) i dunno about you, but this balloon boy thing is the most entertainment i've had in a damn long time.
Cameron Wake, Miami Dolphins agree to 4-year, $49 million contract extension
Can't get enough Lolla? Start stalking the site this week for 3-day $60 passes for 2010!
Herschel Walker should donate some of his physical ability to the needy. Dudes way too big for a 50 year old.
this weather isn't helping!
at the #RVA Nonprofit tech conference #ntc12 very excited about learning innovative ideas
That's great heading into this point of the season....
The cutest kittens in existence!!! www.livestream.com/globalrevolution
stop loosing sight of the goal, gotta go into over drive,
Thank you to all those who submitted applications in the state of Wisconsin
Man...sad, sad news today....
Go away paper clip, no one wants you!
my mom gets mad when I raise my voice when she can't hear me ? -__-
Same! RT : I'm in. Holding space on my calendar. Very cool! See you then!
“: Adele might set fire to rain... But SpongeBob can make a campfire under water.”
Finalizing my Going Green CE class to instruct tomorrow for David Insurance. I always enjoy hosting programming for their agency staff.
I'd just love to see those drunken red sox fans throwing a fit.
Congrats to our colleague Andre Pitanga on his employee recognition award from the Grad Center... HERB wouldn't be online without him!
Live report with Knepper in court coming up in about 15 minutes, KATU midday news
If you're breathing right now tweet me how exited you are of the boyz being back on ABDC tonight!
Waiting on this at bat. Got to go to work... Go to work!!!
who doesn't keep a log?
I want more out of my life...i will make that happen fo sho..
If you don't say what you mean, than SHUT THE FUCK UP!
READY, SET, GO! FOLLOW , my new duo, tell your followers about it, for a follow from me and !!!! GO
Who's shitting with a permanent marker?
Halftime at #LSP for the #CONCACAF Olympic Qualifying Final, and the score is 0-0 for Mexico vs Honduras.
Mom: Why'd you leave this bag of pork rinds by your bed last night? Me: For the same reason I eat pork rinds: whiskey. Mom: What a waste.
I love beautiful women but what's truly sexy about a woman is her intelligence.
Going to bed when it's still somewhat light out #bitchimtired good night <U+270C>
love you spencerr
ever since your whole i miss you thing you have been getting on my nerves. Goodbye.
be happy, hopeful & satisfied! -via
Pining for power, prominent politicians pander to pundits, who propagate panic to push public policy and pack payrolls.
Trend me
Finally feel better think Ian going to school Monday bout time have not went since.....Thursday
The rain ended already?? It better stay up again!
well Obama just nailed that and all McCain can do is sound snarky?
LMAO selective I see lol.... It was funny cuz I kept running into you on Twitter lol
Thanks for the follow!! Let me know how I can support you in your girls ministry!! :) Blessings & Happy Friday!!
what do you MEAN you don't want to listen to the techno remix of Girl From Ipanema?!
haha yeah i teach dance
Same here. I was in bed by midnight, but was awake til 3am. Couldn't sleep so I was tweeting about TV. Lol
Preparing for the GPI conference and Graph Expo in Chicago next week.
Lol, lame ass excuses bro! yo help me In Mr.Mcmanus, ):!
Using about 1GB of my 5GB/mo data plan, go to downgrade and available choices are 6GB and 12GB/mo. Not helpful.
My dream is coming true going home today n pack so i can leave to cali
Good morning folks. May the day be a blessing for you.
STOP EFFING TWEETING ABOUT THE PACERS AND JUST WATCH THE DAMN GAME!
Just hit me with that sweet sweet reply all
Out of all the people on the oval the TA for this class sits down three feet away from me
Just got my DROID X2 so count me in...
Unless a seed fall to the ground then die it remains alone, and enters futility. If you seek great harvest, embrace the cold and dark hour.
Apparently Tom Wahl's feels $$good$$ about the Wahlburger. Really $$good$$!
I don't give a FAAAHK!
Walking the dog, enjoying first cigar in a while to celebrate the warm weather. Some kid just asked me, "Are you going to quit?"
and #RUBY #PHP looking for talented #developers in the area!! Tweet at me for details about our #jobs!
Negative Nancy?? LOVE IT!! :D RT “: r u on FB” negative Nancy. Facebook is gay.
Sorry I've been so boring the last few days haha
If it wasn't for we would have so thank you matt and happy birthdaay! #happybirthdaymattgraham <3
Rafael Nadal grinds past Jarkko Nieminen at Monte Carlo Masters ...
April fools joke hopefully?):
THANK YOU SO MUCH to everyone who came out to for my last show. I LOVE YOU ALL SO MUCH!!!!!! xoxox
Getting to do some coding - so much fun after months of almost nothing but PowerPoint for investors & customers
2 away from 1600 followers. Coolness.
One man with courage makes a majority
Stanley Tucci: Victor of the
Beautiful color! I'm wearing the turquoise and caicos by Essie, but might just have to pick that one up!
Happy to hear your enjoyed it! And there's more tomorrow...
of course!
Working on some new C.L.A.S.H. t-shirts! We'll be giving a few away for free before they launch. Stay tuned!
tough one man ... I take it you are from Chicago as I am?
my nigga said he want a girl dant cant talk .. dat way de relationship will b perfect ..tf
A good plan today is better then a perfect plan tomorrow.
there is no cost to post, but we have a screening process. We take a percentage after the funding amount is met.
I'm still up though
#USHLI thanks for donating the Want to win it? Raffle tickets are $100.
A Jealous Girlfriend Is A Faithful Girlfriend. If She Doesnt Get Jealous When Someone Else Has Your Attention,Its Because SomeonElseHasHers.
Our concert is this Sunday at 6pm at Sandia Prep Theater #ABQ. Come support local kids singing and dancing for kids with
Wedding.O_o“: oh and congrats but umm,if I'm not the dj at the wedding,I will not be the happiest person to be around
“: Frankie don't you got a gf ?”Ya
you said it big mike! Come on KC!
Happy Easter! <U+E304>
absolutely. A bangin Bengal perhaps...
yes, on a shuttle to the beach.
That is WAY cool.
bomb banks, russian tsarlag, n pppmmm tomm at dustbowl. toupee n E+ basement show wed. heavy rec.
RT : The phrase "personal relationship" is an inadequate description of or relationship to Christ.
Laughter is the best medicine and my dude has a sick sense of humor.
Sunflower #Vegetarian Restaurant in falls church, va is a good place to go. Lunch specials etc. Delivery too...
OHH! Can't wait! RT : New store alert! The Party & Wedding Pantry is coming to the mix.
LOL bad selection on my part.
More than enough for an Osi extension...
ur a smart man! Ur woman will keep u around for sometime
You know there is mostly just one or 2 things seperating you from love.one u have control over n the 2nd ..u dont know what it is
Planning something really awesome for Tuesday night. You're going to want to see this. Hint: #thebull ;-D
RT : It's the constant and determined effort that breaks down all resistance, sweeps away all obstacles. Claude M. Bristol
As a California kid, I don't think I'll ever get used to living in the snowy and cold New York winters.
Looking for a cute inexpensive summer dress to wear to multiple weddings!! Help!!
you'll hear nothing and like it...
Homeless guy asked for money for a bus ride. I gave him a $10 bus card and he throws it in the trash... I went in after it...
Watching ! It's Rob Lowe tonight!
"Oh, he won't throw up." Famous last words!
I believe I saw the badgers as a 4.5 pt underdog.
Uncle Remus' popularity = "Harry Potter x Twilight." Lain Shakespeare
": #currently annoyed." WHY D:
Had an amazing day<3
"Everything's starting to click for me!" "My knees, my elbows, my neck … "
u ever think the refs rig the game without yall knowing?
Crazy fucking day at work. I made some money!
Happy Earth Day!
Same here. And agreed. Interesting stuff to think about. Thx. And thx for posing good questions!
Yes, this is why I wince every time I check twitter on my phone. You people!
Fun fact: James Cameron is such a big TLC fan that he immortalized Left Eye in the work flow of every stereo VFX artist.
Welp. Here comes that empty feeling one gets after reading an incredible novel
last night lol. Everyone was telling their ghost experiences and its scary. Ive never had any tho
We love you too, Cassandra! :) Thank you so much for the shout-out! What language are you studying?
I see you out here lol
appreciate it
*almost asleep* *phone vibrate* WTF whose texting me this late... oh hey, its you :) # WTFTQ
umm isn't a place. It's a website. A poorly run website but a website nonetheless.
i had a dream last night that i went to newyork with my family & met austin! i wrote my username on his hand for him to follow! UGH
your ipod charger should be on your desk by the time you get back...
OKAY VAN HELSING IS GETTING PRETTY OLD I MAY JUST GO LAY DOWN.ITS WAY TO BORING
Lmao, this gal said," I wore my two hour heels tonight, I can't be doin all this."
A storm is a brewing in Nampa.
I wasn't the one that got u addicted did I? :)
Is the fear factor reboot done after only a few episodes? Or are we getting more?
Back to work, cant get enough of this studio shit I swear!!!!
I did an dance dare.. Should I post it and send it? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
BIG *sigh* of relief. Thought our new imac died. 'Twas just a bad battery backup / surge protector. Don't worry apple, our love persists.
Tired of other gay guys
That's just fucking selfish
O, that's good too! RT : I wish- allergic to dairy these days. Ideally, add basil and balsamic.
I'm working on an ebook for homeschoolers on how to develop the skills & traits needed to be successful. The first one is setting goals.
I have to check my schedule. I know I've got a few meetings throughout the day. I'll tweet you when I get in.
Wait...he did xD
do you think they'll never race truck or nationwide back in Milwaukee or st Louis I see Indy is back in Milwaukee
Hey! We have a show at the White Rabbit on July 17th! BE THERE! RSVP on our facebook (facebook.com/MissingInAlaska) RETWEET!
NEVER gets old and I always think of us. #karaokenights those nights were the best!! :) miss you to much!!!
Thanks for the follow Dan! It was great to catch up yesterday.
The year of the Brotzman curse
It's Tuesday come out and get Unlimited Golf + 40 Tokens for the arcade! Upgrade to Unlimited Rides for only $5.00 more!
Kevin Systrom, CEO of Instagram pockets $400million on the Facebook deal with 40% stake in company. Co-Founder only got $100mil, pretty weak
#TBS has no signal. My morning is ruined!
looking ahead through the summer any plans to be here?
I love that class :D
my son kno to much this morning he said tina who booty is that lmao smh i was like nobody he say tina thats yo booty aww he only 2
well, we all know that's stupid.
Sorry to hear that, ma'am.
It's genuinely depressing how tired I am
I'm up now.
- Glad to hear some new, great music! Now it's time to hit the road...better make a stop in Nashville and ATL!
I wish I had a photographic memory school would be so much easier
Anytime hun, new account? Love the kitty cat. :)
Oh Seattle I've mist you.
was murdered my her parents. End of discussion. If police are too stupid to see that, then I question all our safety.
I'm so in!
Beating balls at the range= playing scales and arpeggios
How do you not like panera? The food is slamming haha
what? Why is sbux taking pitches?
Thanks for all your help with this series!
Game of EFFIN Thrones!
My protein shake tastes like a delicious mocha. How is that supposed to be healthy??? I'm gonna get addicted to them!!
Back in the great lone star state for a couple hours!
Well...I've always wanted to see #Calgary. Thx
GIVEAWAY: Like both and Viral Ink's FB pages for a chance to win a free t-shirt of your choice! Giveaway ends tomorrow!!
Listening to "Feeling Alright" on my playlist! :) <3
The RSJ renovations are almost done! We'll be officially back and running out of the new building Jan. 9.
Just got our beautiful postcards in for the Summer Issue! Assembly party tomorrow! 7 pm at ! B there or b square!
The Marlins leave a lot of runners on base. I wonder if there was a guy out there the Marlins could've nabbed thats good at driving in runs?
Football time
good for u!!!! It's a great way to start the day.
What's gd I'm from the bay
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch
#allegedwinethief Richard from #RichardandJudy should change his name to punch! then someone should punch him! that's the way to do it!
MUSIC THE TIME MACHINE....SHOUT OUT TO THE WORLD AND EVERYBODY LIVING LIFE...-YOUNG.S
Actors, ck out Very inspiring words on her blog and amazing professional resume.
WhirlyBall Chicago welcomes The Park Hyatt Chicago this evening! Plan to bring your staff in soon for some Team Building fun this spring. :)
It is not necessary to understand, or believe, things in order to argue about them. ~ Pierce Caronde Beaumarchin
turning up the music to drown out my parents yelling.....
MSNBC reporting Pres bought all ads on Iowa Newspaper site. talk about undermining the GOP. what say you of the Obama camp in Iowa.
getting ready for a storm im shutting down
Happy friday!!!
I'm so happy and proud of you Jonny! I love you! Good luck!
195 hours left at Regency Beauty Institute. Please let it pass quickly.
Oh boy! Hallmark or WE ???
Yes yes yes finally the moment i've been waiting for all season
Wow, story about Pat Dooris (SP?) re Rosehaven was absolutely wonderful, very inspiring!
With all of the crazy & damaging things happening in this Walker admin and this is what WSJ editorial board decides to fiercely attack?
Watching the Hallmark movie channel & text messaging him (: !!!
Had an OK night I guess....slept pretty good
the question is what is the average IQ in building?
ok sounds awesome! i shall tell the band.
Going to see what this whole Crossfit thing is about today! Wish me luck!
Hey Plugging in the SleepNumber bed in my room would really have helped.
Well i notice people dont know what good music is by what i seen lately
unfortunately I'll be on a plane headed to Seattle on Friday. But maybe I'll see her another time!
hey I'm good you? :)
Can you say... #CAREER? LOL!
HIGH eNERGY DAY ! Making
i have the fingertips of a bad ass guitarist
Ever notice in NY when you're passing someone, they shadow your movement? Try the fake left, go right? Just shook someone out of their shoes
Wow. I almost shot myself just imagining that.
your gonna be extremely bored, it's a long trip
some thug. RT ": I hate when my mom tells me do this do that when I get home from work. Im tired momma!."
That's good now we have the summer!! Finally :)
What crazy ways do you try to save energy on your laptop when you forget your charger at home? -PT
Beaten-up AstraZeneca may be a buy for the brave
wow, thats awesome :/
Even Jesus wanted to bypass the pain, then prayed TWICE that "God's will be done" in the garden of Gethsemane. (Matt 26:36-46)
Fact. UNO is the best.
Doesn't that suck hard core donkey balls
Im #exhausted .
Brendan Haywood is worthless
Really don't understand how Roenicke could leave Estrada in w bases loaded. Gotta pinch hit. Now it looks really bad.
Masquerade Ball Tonight! 8:30-11:30 at Bergstaff Place (Downtown on E. Washington Street, across from IndTech) Free for students and guests!
Ask and you shall receive...just posted it.
Bro I see myself being let down after all this over. Whatever though, it's worth a try since there isn't anything else going on in my life.
3 points, baby!
Seriously need to start fake tanning soon, it's nearly shorts season!
Stepping on the scale and The Scale say " Hey! Look! Lay off the Snacks cause ur hurting me!! Shit!!...
thanks boo, miss you.
i freakin hate this feeling.
when is your next "Huh" workshop? Your next "Comedy Cast Intensive?"
Sorry. My head is inexplicably filled w/ Bon Jovi. No room..,
#Texans sign free agent QB Beck
Was Born To Dictate...
unless the sinus meds make you so high that just sitting there is totally OK
follow back cuz
Clearwater native Juliet Simms advances in The Voice.
Picking my brother up from the skatepark and there's cute boyss lol I love days like that ;).
I miss college so much.
I thought we were playing #wrongformat RT : Who was the bartender on "The Love Boat"?
When you clog your toilet then tweet about it, "come look at this!" is not an enticing way to lure your brother into checking out the tweet
Hey thanks a bunch - Hoping to be one of the first to sing up. Hoping to shoot my own version Of
You're welcome, and the pleasure was all mine.
also don't forget to follow , and our rad manager
That is awesome! We are trying 4 that in H's class right now, but they told us they don't know if they can do that- no food class.
good command line tool for entity extraction, anyone?
Hurry Home ! can not wait to see you guys on Friday
Intense action in double OT had no idea how late he would be staying to watch this gm. No leaving til #CAPS win
Very Well Put!!
Moving? Don't lug that old couch with you, post it on Antengo!
Swag: Paying the bills since... oh wait a minute. Probably going to need a new slogan.
Y should i be nice anymore these days... well I'm gonna say F*** It and tell ppl how it is and what's on my F'n mind...
I'm always happy to hear from you. Gracia, Señorita.
Got some models for you
The Apple home page is a sad. RIP
A simple touch and I'll get you to moan...
it's all right. Yours?
why is it so humid?
Another highlight this week sounds like a movie concept pitch: Joe Loewenstein meets Caitlin Kelleher.
Spontaneous dinner date with little broski at moe's for some burritoz. yay for a lying blood test for celiacs, gluten party.
's cat is falling in reverse. Literaly!
You'd think I was using an iPhone, with all my mistakes! Anyway, those of us who do not have pants by choice prefer "pants-free".
The digital media that is also going on is another element that just adds to that spectacular viewing.
Ugly people will never be as successful as the beautiful ones! -Moskwa
FOR MORE INFO AND MAKING YOUR ORDER oF HAIR OF DESIRE CALL 0832530851 OR BBM 2743D555.
Thank you beautiful, be sure to tune in and watch my friends Patent Pending LIVE on the billboard music awards xo secondfam
In great attempts, it is glorious even to fail! .... Vince Lombardi
Getting pretty annoyed now
Okay, being fair, ref.
Best win I've been apart of here at SU! 4-2 over So. Virginia and on to the semis tmrw at 2!
Thornton May is the best speaker I have seen in a very long time...wow.
IKR ugh when will this class be OVER! it feels like ive been in this class for eternity :P
one down two to go, after the first I'm hoping it can;t get any worse...
Patrick Ewing must REALLY want to be a head coach at all costs if he is considering Charlotte. Charlotte 49ers might be better than Bobcats.
fantastic news!! Bravi!!
Belieber <3 I Am What I Am.
Hey buddy!!!
It's definitive 2 yrs and I'll get my nose done just as perfect as Justin's ("}
MORE Stories! « Liztopia: Zabe Rogue&#39;s Realm of Eccentricity
it's awesome! Enjoy!
: 1. Set Goals Necessary for Happiness. 2. Achieve Goals 3. Find Out They Don't Bring Happiness 4. Die
nope I work for sprint now
Boo hooin' my way through Desperate Housewives...
Biggest help to me: being told taking baby steps & making slow progress was okay & good. Very affirming.
if your gonna be pissed at me for nothing then just stop tweeting me(: I didnt do shit to you(: Kaii? Kaii
I witness the weirdest things in this world
Getting ready for the Fall Fest on Saturday. The 2010 calendar will be debuted in the Chili Chick Corral!!!
Weird, the Braves looked unstoppable vs the Brewers over the weekend (I was there), tonight they're down 5-1 to the Mets
I absolutely hate when people are in love around me....makes me feel like sh*t
I am leaving office now for #mlanet12. Do NOT email me at my work email. Contact me on Twitter or my home email.
Today I'm going to attempt to not let cetain individuals bother me.. thank God its Friday!!
Time to find another job
That moment when is just so damn amazing
so are you going to the drake concert?
Pickup Line: Yo Baby, you be my Dairy Queen, I'll be your Burger King, you treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
Vote No on #PIPA and #SOPA.Please listen!
Did you watch Pacquiao vs. Marquez????..SHARE YOUR THOUGHTS
Ugh...belt it girl.
If JUST lecture, lose their attention. Called "spray & pray" that they get it. Regardless,participants need to be INVOLVED n
LOVE those days - enjoy!
Don't drink so much that you pass out. Wake up in the morning, in the bushes of a median on the other side of town.
PPPCS Health and Fitness Fair - TOMORROW May 3, 6 pm. Free health screenings, give-aways, a raffle & fun! Light dinner provided!
out n Cali livin good n u
Any unemployed want to chime in as to whether the president singing Al Green is comforting?
Ha Ha! RT Antidote? It's called Raid!!
4XEM is excited to be launching a new NVR product line: GVD genius vision digital www.gvdigital.com. Call to get more info on how to buy!
Told ya, there is always the second half.
that's why you should come visit
my phones about to die and still about an hour left of work ugh
I let my haters be my motivaters.
team JP & Lucas ... when will Ashley get rid of the twins aka Constantine & Ben F ??
Weirdest school day ever! Thanks EHS for almost starting a riot
I feel like Hating on Drake is the thing to do but I don't hate him or his music, I am just indifferent on it
I've learned that no matter how much I care, some people just don't care back. But I will continue to care.
Watching Bollywood music videos because I can't be bothered to find the remote..
Waiting for bmth to come on!!!! parkway drive and arcitects were amazing <3
Note to self: don't try to drive the lane when the post is 6'3 and 250lbs. It's like hitting a wall. #ouch <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
Patty Mills has 24 points, 12 assists, 1 steal and 1 blocked shot. The Spurs and Warriors are tied 95-95 with 5:49 left.
S/O to my new followers <======= #FollowHer #TeamFollowBack :)
Sorry, meant Arapahoe-Heritage. Tweets mixing my brain up! Anyone? #copreps RT : Kent Denver played steamboat ...
Lisa Mallory, DC DOES conf workshop:Mayor Gray holds youth town halls, develops youth budget, makes site visits to employers
I'm on the way - put the kettle on...
haha thanks! We're working on it :)
no worries - we can agree to disagree :)
We do all of this at Georgia Tech
So do we! RT I love my neighborhood!
definite slabs... what accompanies corned beef? toothpicks?
Great connecting with you today. Totally inspired by your keynote. Thank you.
is so funny
Sometimes I hate leaves cause they look like lizards.
Finna go to work and piss some Mexicans off again lmao
Beautiful day at market Lots of Tour de #Carmel traffic on the Momon.
and met u 2 yesterday at #WILD loved your dances:) you to were amazing<33 cant wait for next year!!! =D
oh man, we always get to pick the books we read. lots go on a cart and then first come first served...
Campus smells like raw fish, again.
NP Miguel Girls like you. Getting ready for Friday night. Yes I sing in the shower ...
OMG so soon!!!!!!! So Stoked for it!!! But need to sort out has a hitlist tickets!!!
#rise&grind Gettin ready 4 work and thanking God as always 4 the new day. #TGIF now if it would jus get warm. Hope everybody has a good day.
fuck ya in less she is a pig. :-)
well I think her point was that maybe I'm a career woman but.......
Might be a good thing. =weight loss
and please follow me #CodyAlliUstream 143 i love you
15p single spcd paper, presentation, poster, conference abstract submission, 20 pg paper,& draft of research paper for publication...by 6/14
so happy to be on twitter :)
Get at me for Promo Codes for Retweet and i'll DM ya'll the code!! Stay
lol come here
by the time in 30 I'm aiming for the house,nice lawn wit grass wit the garden
better than having to wake up this early
is getting a multi-touch interactive whiteboard (not Smart) soon. Now I need some cool stuff to do with it in the K-8 library media center.
Saves a lot of money, too. Focus Focus Focus!
Nope. Apparently NY (& the whole US for that matter) are more concerned w/ Frozen Strawberry Lemonade. priorities people...
When in stake, eat cake
It's hot as your breath out here. Lol.
I want to meet you SO bad.</3
Big police situation in downtown Mesa bout hour ago have you heard anything bout it?
probably one of the best days ever.
I've considered unfollowing you too only when you get to talking about Marquette too much. Haha
Although she swear she's alwayz Right
Enda, I agree: haters are bottom-feeders. Ur remarks got under my skin b/c ur work speaks to me+I suddenly felt I'd misread you.
Thanks! RT : was awesome!!!
Get the ball into LA!
silly maggianos, you can't simply enter your restaurant and not order the pasta! It's blasphemy!
Hey - Ankur from Baltimore Collegetown here. What happened...how can I help?
I feel like I'm judging the onlookers more harshly than the homeless people! haha jk
if i lived nextdoor to house, i would buy a curly brown wig and just peak my head out all the time to fuck with people.
Um tweeting three times in one hour...
Feeling left out with "everyone" reading 50 Shades of Gray, so I've decided to read Claiming Beauty. Hey, at least it's well-written.
wow, the wind today is kind of insane. I'm glad I get to stay in my flannel pj pants and sweatshirt as I do work...
It would be cool if some people came to see my band play in my school's talent show. It's tomorrow at 6:30. 3 bucks. We play second.
They really are :)
1317 what kind of dancing do you do?(:
No more drama Billy.
This is great information.
Hopefully the West Hollywood Clippers lose by more than 30.
thnx for visiting last evening. See you soon!
Aw, no death threats for poor Camtasia! What can we do to help you?
I'm letting Nevaeh comb my hair...this hurts and she's brushing my forehead
No price increases next year for Colorado state courier!
Wow. Well this sucks.
ME EITHER! SUPER STOKED DUDES!
I hate when I go to bed hot so I turn on my fan and I wake up freezing.
I love tweeting at pointless time of the day
: which is better skiing or skydiving?
Hahahaha sucks for you... U prob have a #hangover lmfao
It's official. I'm now a member of one union!
Recognized or not, we all hunger to exist, to feel safe, be affirmed, express, grow, love and be loved, belong, and matter.
I kinda wanna screw trivia and just dance to the stylings of the DJ...Tanner.
Be a #gamechanger - put your employees in new uniforms, printed tees, embroidered shirts. Do it! Call us we can help 954-245-8380
Cheryl, intermediate school librarian in a Dallas suburb. New here
2 days at ,see old friends,beers & telling Glory day stories.Now back to corporate gig, Man this sux! great time @ TNA! THX
Book with us now for upcoming events at the Portland Metro Exposition Center. Great location just across the Columbia River. 360.696.0411
Lemme just lick yo face righ' quick. -, about cheesecake beards.
Not yet. I'll def pass it along when I do. RT : You know anything about the Wilsonville 2012 football schedule?
On da block of 2-3 at Honey Beez bout 2 get me sum to eat U feel me.
we dont like we hate it about ourselves.
hell yea it was one of my fav. Childhood shows ahaha I miss all tha old cartoons
be wise and watch those who r ~fake~~fake~~fake~~fake~~fake~~fake~~fake~~fake~~fake~~fake~~fake~~fake~~fake~~fake~~fake~ #put ya name on it
You finally changed your avatar!
oh sounds good! Just drove over from the west side of town seeing my Dad. So hard
That split second when Calipari failed to mention Kidd-Gilchrist and Teague were entering their names in the draft..
thx for the morning laffs. you are on fire! have a good trip.
Yes. I am tossing about 8 old D batteries. Need new emergency supplies, for sure! Twitter helps.
Nice preview. I think goal should be 2 win a 1st rd series. IMO we should keep Iggy but bring in tru #1 guy
I think that was NSFW, but I'm afraid to click again to check. I closed that tab so fast I think I discovered the Higgs boson.
Why did Crystal's Dad have Mr. Bill in his pocket on American Idol?
i told lil bro if he gets all A's i'll get him a ticket to nyc. he asks "what if i get one b+?" i said "nope, no deal." fair is fair, right?
The 46th annual St. Patrick's Day Parade is 39 days away! Follow for more information
“#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who always got they hand out, and if you don't know who it is, it's probably you !” spaz hand ctfu
Assuming all paperwork is in (I'm unreasonably paranoid about it), I’ll graduate in May. Can't make ceremony tho. :-(
Gotta check that out!
Bought to eat lunch wit an old mentor, friend, n a man who has a prophetic voice on the city and justice issues worldwide.
I went to last night, too! Did you try their brussel sprouts? Delish.
Thanks, Brandon!
Sometimes you can shock yourself with your own strength ..
Oh whatever lol. At least I got me a new pack of squares so I'm content. haha. how are you?
Wait, Bristol is NOT the mentally disabled one? Don't believe you
Also: Fuck Dwight Howard.
Good to see the UHC team and Rory do well. Congrats on the win.
10-20 omaha hi low at the Isles, 2 seats open
Watch the 2nd Annual Awards tomorrow !
My warped tour ticket camew today! 89 more days july 24th!!
Not enough moral support :( maybe next time!
what's up 3 am
Even tho i ant got nun to do (;
What's up my anti-war governementniks?
yup for now and i hear you lol ....
#WHSummit. We have 50 different Medicaid welfare and snap systems. Creates big problems for low income people who want to move.
Congrats!! Keep us in mind for your move! RT : Its official! We are moving to Indianapolis! I have been hired by the
WHO HAS
"please don't move that mountain; give me strength to climb it."
It's National Pretzel Day? Wonder if 'W' still eats pretzels...
Show your #CLE pride! WEAR it! Check out www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com our updated photos give you a better look at our tees!
welcomes to the Twitterverse. Show him some love!
Tweet! :D
Practice practice practice
You watching Arsenal v. Liverpool? What did you think of the first half?
Where do babies come from? - Financial Times
I am going to try and write Part 3! Who wants it? :) -Maria
Is self-publishing worth it? So far I can't say yes.
Rainbow has too many fluroscent lights and rows and rows of metal racks that's why...lol!!
Have you heard ? Expressive, layered, lush, indie-folk. #harmonium, #banjo, #guitar, #glockenspiel,
no idea to be honest
im not just a fan.... im a belieber :) love u <3
#Guinness Black Lager. Hmm...
haha that was one of the best vacations ever!
that's awesome...sounds like your chance of getting away from Ghostface is getting better!
M...Four meat special...
I supposed I counted Thor and even Captain America in the low budget superhero flicks.
Tanning, when a bee lands on my leg and I Jump up and scream...forgetting I untied my bikini top haha at least no one was around :0
Who wants to be my twitter valentine? (:
remember when your aim screen name was like mcdonalds02 or something haha idk I just thought of that
Thinking "what if someone else in the world is doing the exact same thing as me right now?"
If I ever go on a rampage and kill 5 people, I'll probably run, not to escape, but to look for somewhere to throw my care package.
I have to keep telling myself these things to because I'm still a work in progress.
Thank you, , for the Cincinnati #FF love! Come get yet chili and Graeter's!
haven't been home all day
Well everybody seems to be saying it so John Travolta groped me too. When? Doesn't matter. Where? Ahh who cares about details gimme the $$
are you in John's session?
LOVE YOUR POSITIVE MESSAGES , GOD BLESS
For future reference: don't ask old greek women if they actually know what coffee they're ordering.
: The only thing worse than catching your parents having sex is your children catching you crap your pants
People don't change... We get old. And some of us just adapt.
Ok...any other Sad Freaks I know going to Vegas this weekend for #matador21???
How about a "draw none of your Gods actually exist day?"
People need to learn to talk to people...
Great people never forget what others have done for them. In fact, having a sense of appreciation makes a person worthy of respect. Ikeda
FBCD primed for an epic breakout!!!
Oh, I’m sorry, I forgot some fees. Over $27 for those $13 tickets. Ridiculous, ticketmaster. Really borderline offensive.
I'm so mad that I can't go to deedy party ;/ Fml !!!!!
did you see it?
Never give someone a #MoosejawPullover if you've been on less than two dates.
Like the ICP, Pink has her people - disaffected, loyal people
Some super smart thoughts on probs of digital analogs from - pay attention
Looking for steel drum player for Friday nites 5-8 pm
In awe of footage showing crowd rushing to lift the collapsed stage. Grateful for those who run toward tragedy and put others first.
I'm still getting my feet wet on Twitter. Teach me how to swim here. Following 759 ppl w/ 176 followers. Retweet this message for me.
I just donated to the #MaxFunDrive in the hopes that no one poisons my dog
Bet she was trying to play Words With Friends with him on the runway.... ;)
you too! Sorry somehow this just popped up now. Maybe next year we will be closer. Decent show despite the game!
Ha, we STAY loud. First floor. Learning Commons. :)
*at the school dance* Boy: "Lets dance" Girl: "Me ?!" Boy: "No the bence !!"
Bully's can't handle the truth
For 7$ RT : Heeeyyyyyyy hey hey Grant House, HEY GRANT HOUSE, I wanna know, if you'll rub my balls.
#himym really excels at cut-to's
Happy New Years 2010! Party Time.
My baby suprised mm. He's homes
damn screw everything. forgot i had a big graduation party to go to starting at 3
have fun! We'll Play battle of the Pandora's again another day.
no, I'm not very good, also upload videos to youtube is not for me....hahahaha
Totally screwed up this morning. Sorry :(
Monday Nights = Hanging with the kiddos at Dell Children's! Its going to be fun!
But real talk shawn seems like a real coo dude, just sucked that i had a fat headache during his part. Enjoyed myself tho
I'm so happy its an odd day and it's Friday
I am pretty sure my dog is unread.
sweet! When are you headed back to the states? Your missing the NCAA tournament !
PS, I'm on rocky iv and I'm pretty sure Apollo creed is about to die :(.
Success in life consists of going from one mistake to the next without losing your enthusiasm. - Winston Churchill
Good about El Patio! Thought you had left town too soon. Enjoy and namaste!
around what time would y'all wanna do this
One can be trained to be a leader in business-Are you ready to lead in your business? www.leadershipRising.com and enroll in October course
I know you'll love their gothy synth badassery, and you'll totally love Post Honeymoon, and you'll definitely rememmber that show.
At the gym & me and running don't mix well together ..
Mixed feelings about summer basketball.
Why are you single?
drip coffee from a gas station, at least.
yes it totally would! citizens have to let our elected officials know that we really want this project!
Half our band is getting sick. Oh no!
Doesn't appear that Strasburg has his stuff today. The light hitting Padres are beating him up in the first four innings today.
I found a free table in a coffee shop in Park Slope on a Saturday morning. I. AM. GOD.
The Anderson Silva documentry is hella good!
That's awesome! Have a great time!
I LOVE this story keep writing!!:)
Definitely not! I've been sitting around wanting to go do something with you and then i realize that you are 3-4 hours away. >.<
Cuz My Gear By Chief Keef feat. riff raff && look up the video! lbs
Hahahaha I'll see what I can do
Seriously. Annoying.
SAY HI TO JAYCEE PLEASE!!!!!!
aha yea:).
The principal guiding radiation safety in veterinary hospital is the ALARA principle (As Low As Reasonably Achievable).
I was joking!!
Made kale chips-wow! Better than potato. So many nutrients makes broccoli look like candy. Easy-fresh kale, olv oil, ltl sea salt!
haha i do :p and shut up!! I dont pay attention to what im typing
what about Rusty Shackleford from King of the Hill?
#PeytonManning is at home watching the game right now for the first time. I wonder what he's thinking.
Hall: there is a strong link between tipping points on the web & emergence of new orgs & standards - standards guide development?
I know I found that very strange. He has young ppl that listen to him also. But I guess majority is in stone age like him.
practicing our live-tweeting in ENGL308
Can't remember the last time I've seen a team completely self-destruct like the Knicks just did against the Heat in the second quarter.
Very impressed with tonight's dinner. Didn't know kebab could be that amazingly good.
i use to share a room with my sister...it wasnt pleasant
im a Texas Mahomie(:
This issue consumes my every waking moment. It´s my biggest complaint about my generation: apatheticism. Ideas?
for obvious reasons I think that Kentucky will win. All hell will break loose here in Lexington if that happens!
is almost finished and the final edit is being conducted. I am hoping by the 15th on kindle and two weeks 2 get hard copies!
Avoid i5 north near Shoreline at all costs. Traffic is craptastic this evening
It snack time luv!
Much needed manicure, pedicure, and hot stone massage...on cloud 9
Thanks for the RT, Chef Oz. Hope all is great there Been too long since we've been by. Soon!
6 more road miles on my #Kinvara3 's. I want to put more miles on them but I am in recovery mode.
Thanks so much Chris!
HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!! I bit my twitter tongue. ; )
Learning is to TLC as music is to MTV.
Shootin my solo video and group video plus show u niggaz betta step ya music career up
love your Thought Catalog post today! Always fun to see a familiar name on there :)
you're welcome! yes she still is!
Whoops, our mistake! The salad sounds amazing!
#InCaseYouDidntKnow im taken
One of the best ways to inspire others and make them feel good about themselves is to show them who they could be.
Guy walking to class with sunglasses, Ed Hardy t-shirt, and what must be a bag full of steroids: yes, you are a huge douche bag.
Potus resists Equality? "Same-sex couples should be allowed to form civil unions, but not to marry in the traditional sense"
Uh oh, the pepper spray is out for
will do now.. just pre warning you I will be teasing you about it..
but you know what this new girlfriend is such a bitch JB I hate them
Stand on Walker. Really, someone just do it for a month or two to keep him still so they can still cover writing and reading in schools.
Who wants to go eat
Hey.... Not much.. U? Yeah u got missing on me.. lol Happy Holidays 2 u & ur family~
can u western union me $50?
to drop out of #FLSen race & work for Canada Oil Companies
Ugh why
Todd France will talk NFL Lockout at 11AM on Tune in!
: “Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here. #afinepickupline”
“: This weather makes me wanna cozy up at a bar like the Corner or Gallery Cabaret. Winter in Chicago = neighborhood bar time.” truth
just ordered a signed first edition of The Hedge Knight
Woot! RT : So, and I just purchased tickets to the upcoming SFTNG Launch Party this Saturday!! :-)
1 month down, 11 more to go in 2012. I've got to say the weather has been weird this winter... definitely wetter and warmer than normal.
fuck both of y'all lol...
Adpot a pet and enjoy a FREE wellness exam at our central location!!
its not like he did anything last year anyway.
I love you mostest. Actually I take back what I said last night that picture is really cute (:
even if I shave my bikini line?
preciate it hoody, i'll just miss a few games. i'll be at all of em, just drugged out lol. maybe gary wont hit me with a helmet
It's unbelievable how huge of a let down the world and life is.
Check out what I saved from www.unique-vintage.com (Non Traditional Wedding Dresses - Vintage Clothing - Unique...
When is the new parking garage going to open? That will open before the rest of the expansion correct?
so today i informed my teacher tomorrow was groundhog day and she told me to shut up. cool. i'll celebrate it by myself.
see all of your interviews, stage shows, buy your Cd's. I can't describe.. that I ADORE YOU. A LOt.
I was just there last weekend. :-)
you should take a cat with you for the hat trick.
I'm loving my case!!!
Brian McKnight is trending he sings our jam
why am i so terrible playing words with friends?
Is planning spring menu. Can't wait to bring a bit more Spain to Seattle.
Everybody have a safe day. Its hot outside. That means the city turns in CHIRAQ.
#iReallyHateWhen the guy you have a crush on seems to make you feel invisible, without even trying
Season 3 of Idiot Abroad sounds like the most fun yet, I can't wait!
nope. Not for a while. I wanted to get tickets for Drake and Rise Against but they're too expensive
is Austin doing ustream today? if so i wonder if he would sing me happy birthday since my bday is on Monday
Shooting background shots later today to replace studio backgrounds in images. Next best thing to a beach shoot.
That's an *amazing* story. So lucky you found out first! We should interview you for our grant on QLD floods & social media.
That's exactly what I'm thinking.
Good Morning.
ALL of Portland is hoping he signs here
alright I will
The 10pm Snack is a classic { HOT WINGS! }
Now don<U+FFFD>t upset yourself with your business
Couldn't have asked for a better BirthDay weekend:) #ThinkLikeAMan "Boys shack, Men build Homes." *Amen
Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>RT : Ladies: If you know you'll never marry your Boyfriend.. then you're Single. (know your worth)
3rd goal on the season, second to be scored in the second half
I'm getting them on my phone and on Twitter, but if I go on the tab on my phone there's nothing there...odd
And looking good doing it!!<U+E404>
RT Care about great business journalism? The #LoebAwards2012 finalists will be announced on Monday at 9am EDT. Follow
Yeah Pacers! Seventh straight win...in the playoffs...now home court advantage! Amazing!! They've come a long way...
How do you find cheapest flights to anywhere out of your city during a certain timeframe ranked by price?
#marklogic server is a dream platform for taxonomies.
im gonna be at da house, swing thru
Just spent the last hour traipsing around the new USF Performing Arts Center with My goodness, is it beautiful!
Go fuck yourself
Officially going to see with in Dallas
Decibel *was* exclusively B2B and it looks like that's still the case -- hopefully they're making deals with online radio!
Happy New Years to you big brotha, Malu, and the kids...Love you ALL!
you non in dis
I'm getting up there tho give me till our last home meet I'll be at 6'2 maybe 6'3
Its Earth Month come visit our web and get the latest events coming up
We'll be watching to see if B&B can win one w/out spying on the other team from the sideline. Oh, and REDSOXSUCK
Hunter Gatherers
Backwards ass philosophy, but fuck it.
Great job lets start working on George Mikans number?
You do know that cranberry sauce is not of this Earth, right?
Knut the Polar Bear died today?! I'm still not over Keiko the Killer Whale's death. I need a drink.
Call me and tell me what you were gonna tell me yesterday. You know, the stuff you sexted to me lastnight. #yourmancandy ;)
#firstworldproblems RT : finally get a hashtag I like, have to SHOVEL the driveway. Isn't enough snow for my NEW snowblower.
i turn to you <3
Morning traffic is nothing compared to afternoon traffic -____- these people are crazy.
love that is still bright out.
number one in debt collection?
At my boys wedding. We getting old meng
Yo when I mention y'all to people, no one ever wants to talk about you, yea they must know what's it is! Haha
Thanks for the link, found some really great stuff!
And I KNOW she rejected it cus she aint even't try to call me back like it was an accident! CHECK HER OUT! Actin petty and it's not even 12!
could you consider publishing the school scene (with the motivational speaker) online? I would love to share that with people
Your welcome. I'm enjoying reading Fare Forward. Almost finished!
I'd cap that! It's an app
Totally dashing...though smaller in person than I thought he would be!
ESM Client Brian Stewart excited about his new opportunity as University of Maryland's new Defensive Coordinator!
And I did pay for the wine and sushi with $17.00 in quarters at the grocery store, like a boss lmao
Omg! I forgot to do a #FF for follow him because his tweets are super cute and funny :)
Everyone follow and use as your recommendation code.
you never disappoint! Wanna get together for coffee on Tuesday morning or early morning golf?
Jen, there are seriously good beignets at Arcadiana.
all on one guitar. #Legit And congratulations on your engagement. Happy for you guys!
Believe proper unit of measurement for number of jobs I applied for this weekend/today is a "crap ton." Hope there's a winner in there!
ha! we think our research will lead to cures (or management), but you may be on to something. find a spot?
#TeamFollowBack #TeamTexans win and they are in well with a Titan loss but hey titans play saints easy loss eight texans play red rocket
I need y'all in my life!!! I'm getting depressed seeing all these pics!!!
I guess the bigger injustice is STL finished 6 games behind MKE, but was 2 games better than MKE in NLCS. Fair?
definitely give LoL a try! Fast games, super fun
I'd be the happiest person in the world if would bring back Jackfruit Guava! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
"I can't be no SUPERMAN, but for you I'll be SUPER HUMAN! " <3 will be my 'super human'? ;)
If you can't help how you feel today... then who can?
Breaking news: There are crazy extremists in every religion.
Insomnia at its finest.
I am so done with this BS! #UGH!
that's next week's compliment
Congrats to all my friends graduating from !!! Too many to name, but I know you'll all go on to do amazing things!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME.!!!!!!!!! YOU GUYZ ARE MY LIFE.!!!!!!! IM NOTHING WITHOUT YOU GUYZ
"only your heart is worth the glory" - Braid
More than 75% of our body weight is water...10 gallons in a 120 lb person. Important to drink the right kind of water!
One does not have to be intelligent to be a popstar. In fact one would surmise that is the norm.
Just your basic scampi, but with tons of red pepper flake and chorizo.
If answers that question for you, you'll be the first...
Goin to tonight with "Anonymous" band.. should be fun!
you want a TeYost #15 Jets jersey?
I know! I mean, really. I keep looking around for my laptop and realize I have everything but (iphone.ipad.imac) uh.
Say Swear Michael Douglas And Pat Riley dont look like brothers lol
Had so much fun last night at my surprise party I loved that my friends did that for me <3 now dinner with my rents
I think they have to be approved by bankruptcy judge in Delaware. Right, ?
Daily App Deals: Get Download Manager for iOS for Free in Today’s App Deals [App Deals]
You doing OK?
Heard a rumor that Caffe Calabria closed??
This whole having-new-neighbors-behind-us thing will take some getting used to. Mostly them getting used to me dressing with the blinds up.
He shooting dice now though.
RT if your #TeamMINDLESS and love these boys to the fullest
Really glad we were able to help.
Oh, #FOXNews (et al.) #RonPaul just won the majority (22/25) of the Nevada delegates.
what about good principals
Worst invention ever has to be the sinks you have to push on and the water stays on for five seconds
Totally bummed about not being able to wear white after Labor Day. What am I supposed to do?
if the rubber break she gettin slipped the mornin after pill
Preparing to master our E.P.
oh and u not!!! Gay please! Ur just saying that cause u r & u want f him up! LMFAO hoe!
My biggest pet peeve is when people don't like me :/
she swears she's artsy.
They answer your phone calls and do your paperwork. :P
I've never been so happy... Is this real life?
the outsiders
Bout to purchase a skateboard.
Where can I find an image of that great image I saw in the alumni magazine?
g why u soo mad all the time ? lol
"The best innovation is sometimes the company, the way you organize the company."- Steve Jobs, from the Isaacson biography.
awkward I hate that I'm look at him and then he looks at me and I'm like aw nice view..!!
Eyes Wide Open on the radio <3
My name is Wilfred Brimley and I have diabeetus.
At work in my office and hearing flying over Seattle Center. Awesome.
Check out Our Betty Boop Biker Patches yall. www.BarefootDrumsofHouston>com it'a all for the kids yall Help Us Help Them...Thanks
thanks for the follow!
tee hee!!! i am on twitter...
Is he really getting angry about BREAKFAST
tell me why? Chirp nick
There is literally some type of racing going down on my street. This isnt the Indy 500!
The short list of my blessings: the most caring family, the best boyfriend, the loveliest friends, the most fulfilling job & good health.
[Insert tweet about ninja, video games, poop jokes, emo crap, music or being Asian here]
y'all are retarded lmao
If you smoke a lot of cigarettes & gaze out of a window while your foot is propped up on something you can figure out pretty much anything.
- that's a story I want to read!
It's been a long road back to health and fitness for me
That awkward moment when you and your friends are having a good time and someone you don't like walks in.
is anyone seeing gonzo or...
Analytics for your mobile app. Improve your strategy and access your app's performance
Ok, 24 minute incline walking, 15 minutes of Abs, 55 minute treadmill workout. 349.6 cals burned and 3.47 miles on the treadmill.
Papers stacking up on the counter, shoes piling up near the door? Its because you don't have a system for this bottleneck.Find the next step
This stupid computer is slower than derrick fisher
Dear I am so often disappointed by the speed of you wifi. Phone tethering is faster :(
o r u excited auntie will be here really soon;-)
Driving. Mountains. Utah. Vegas. LA. Boom.
Zhang Yixing is so asdshkgjasiudyugasd worthy. He plays the guitar. Fuck. I mean. Omg.
T-shirt in it for me? ;-)
Oh, those pajama makers! One of them is apparently 83 years old and sounds like a McKenzie brother. Teens...
Weird to be visiting Austin without my signature cowboy boots. Too much walking to do at #SXSW to make them practical.
Looking forward to seeing our fave journalists from at City Tavern today!
And when I close my eyes and drift away. I think of you and everything's okay, I'm fially now believing. :)
Yeah... I miss 30 tweets for 1000 !!!! <U+2665>
today was crazy in bucharest, had our first big show as part of the
beers on tap at BB&T Ballpark this year, along with GSO's Natty Greene's. Pilot Mountain Pale + baseball = not a bad day.
Thanks for all the #FF's!!!
Take gently worn jeans to Lavender boutique in Alpharetta, get 30% off regularly priced jeans or 15% off sale jeans. Only til 12/5.
This school isn't a trip it's damn vacation
bro , your videos make my day.
why hasn't fantasy rap happened yet? OH w8...
awesome! It's an acoustic cover, but I have new music I'm working on that will come soon!!
thanks i will try to
that's what I do
is the greatest.
Where's the justice for Zimmerman!? He did nothing illegal, yet still faces possible years in prison!
I am totally getting a copy on vinyl!!!
Already tried all that.Tried on PC laptops, desktops throughout library system. Total mystery.
I miss you so much. Please come back into my life.
Just read the same thing and hope all is OK, too!
Why do people think you'll remember somebody if they say the name twice? "You remember Steve?".. "Steve who?".. "Steve, Steve."
It's official ! Get to go meet and at the sears headquarters! Excited to see the new line and them!
thanks, Michael, and back atcha. I am working my way through your Noetic Business Manifesto now. A challenging call to act...
A2 - Nike does brand well.
u could wear anything love and make it hot
: I will be! Glad to learn things are going well w/ you as well. Message me your number. I'll call you this weekend. P&L.
ok im tired. nite~
do you own every season of gossip girl or are you missing some (i may or may not be searching for warped tour presents)
Who's all gonna be at IU tonight?
Thank you for showing me love, and thank you for showing me I diserve better than you ;)
"I have to get the 1.21 gigawatts!!". We just saw an identical one in Georgetown, Washington, DC a couple weeks ago.
i fucking love march
anytime. Can't complain. Just turned 36 but life couldn't be better. You?
“: i hope you finished your project!” I knew I forgot something! ;)
Go follow my GF Lets get her to 800!! Go Follow! <U+2665><U+2665>
super 8 is one of my favorite movies. i can watch it over and over. <3
After living under my upstairs neighbors with pugs that yelp all day long, I kinda hate pugs.
I took him in today for his x-rays & checkup on the heartworms and the actual vet said that he is just fine! She aplogized.
Reading the ILTA white paper: Safer Cloud, Better Practice: Ten Cloud Computing Considerations.
That's why i don't ride bikes at night, drink.....
Welcome back. There are excellent things in the works, sir.
Hello to our great new followers & now has over 500 followers thx so much!!
happy birthday... Have a good one
It's 9 degrees up north, headed to the holiday, and going to attempt to snow mobile tomorrow. So
It's like theres a startup prerequisite that your company name be embroidered into a Timbuk2 bag.
I am the astronaut of boxing. Joe Louis and Dempsey were just jet pilots. I'm in a world of my own. Muhammad Ali
S/O to and for helping promote the #NYintern Project. Thanks!
Great site, Diane!
why de fuck does the first season of teen mom still play on mtv and now they're having another season...? -___-
Tra tra tra! Jammed good on my way to work <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Doing Real “Work” in the Classroom | Kerr&#39;s Blog
that's the worst thing you could ever do. It's the ssn finale homes! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
damn trying me
Food is for eating, and good food is to be enjoyed... I think food is, actually, very beautiful in itself,
RT! : What a girl wants, a boy that she can trust.
Why to leave you mark on history.
Durum wheat...
Check us out on twitter!
Latinos in PDX on the Move
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!62
RT : "I want businesses focused on their customers, not on City Hall." -RE. Need to get govt out of the way of innovation.
HELL YEA! RT : Chicago with !! Gonna go in on these sessions.
follow back? i need to dm yo.
Did his THANG ON STAGE!! Very Talented dude!
IF YOU HAD THE CHANCE TO CHANGE SOMETHING IN THE WORLD WHAT WOULD IT BE
I will never get my hopes up on a person unless I absolutely know ' because everytime I do nothing ever works out for me.
hahaha it's ok. I left kinda right after that tweet and somehow ended up downstairs again.
Your the next Lin, huh? Well, you've got the name going for you anyway. You crack me up!
What a great day! Can't wait to hear who our #grandnationals finalists are!
Twitter is so frustrating sometimes.
Getting my hair cut, kinda scared. Oh well.
Zombie Possum?
The mountains are dusted with snow, but Outward Bound and the trail restoration are ready to go...
Shooting exteriors in the South Bay. Shopping centers tomorrow.
thought it was hilarious. I'm still not amused.
you're welcome :D
it's best rappers ALIVE, Biggie is dead. Lol
Tonight's show at the marquee 15 was amazing. So much fun!
time to quit pointing fingers and start working and not throwing away our children's future!
Hope the tour is going well. Crappy coffee notwithstanding.
Did you watch the Grammy's? Just wondered what your thoughts were on any of the dresses?
how do I contact lost&found? no phone/email on website
Almost 60 cappers posted so far and the consensus I had on KY is gone for now BUT may come back as posts increase.
Steve will be in at 9 for his Monday night party. Get your dice rolling, shot drinking shoes on. The music will be good and the jokes dirty
See you July 30th! I'll be sure to actually introduce myself this time if I don't get nervous.
Just wondering if it is.... Whoa!
Watching on the news! I love you guys :)
We're doing BIG things! Keeping my nose to the grindstone. Life has changed 4 sure. Success is only option. Bridges are burned. :)
It is not from the benevolence of the butcher, the brewer, or the baker that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own in ...
Eyes watery for what reason ? I dont know.
Sitting Pulled over for not wearing a seatbelt
That's the way it should be.
second instinct to tweet?
Santana really knows how to take pitches that aren't in the strike zone. He has a great eye at the plate.
no YOU guys are amazing!
it sucks but MAS is basically the only nice downtown restaurant UVA kids know about...
My favorite exercise at the gym would probably be judging.
Had a great time at the concert!!!
they hurt like a BITCH
"So you can hurt..Hurt me bad. But still I raise the flag!" #ETIAW <3
: thanks the ginger blankies and pillows r down and ready
When my momma get transferred shit gon get
Aww, this is the last time that I'll drive to work from this apartment.
Alright I need to get off my phone and focus
RT : Truly, there is nothing like getting a professional email written entirely in Comic Sans.
OMG! #EliseTestone rocked the house on #AmericanIdol tonight! Singing Zepelin! And as always, I love my rocker-man
ur polite and friendly response may have changed my feelings on the matter.
how about a Swat Shirt for the fans in the Ville?
Http://www.Flipcups.com is carrying your next Beer Funnel. The SEXY BEER BONGS, yes the Boob Tube Beer Funnel and Dong Bong Beer Bong....
I can't work. Think I'll go out. I want to buy something for anyway. Maybe a sheer black dress? And maybe a mic? Hm...
the miami heat isnt going to win another game.
wow you think thats something to be proud about!?
Updated my website! www.jenniferfogarty.com #shameless promotion
With Brek Shea's hair he is Jar Jar Binks
Put some stankk on it!
haha... Always happens to me
Sorry I freaked everyone out w that tweet. It was suposed to be followed with a blog link. All I will say on twitter is: wolf spider. Gah!!
Ebsco Collections Manager does nasty things to your browser cookies.
Angry Birds theme park confirms the Apple iPhone effect - Computerworld (blog)
lol is that a challenge?!?
Watching Kitchen Nightmares with Viggle Wed | 8PM | BBC America Get real rewards just for watching TV.
so excited to see the complete movie to see my 87 hours/week :)
me and joe and drinks!
I think I'm gonna stay away from communicating with friends and stuff so I can focus on school and other things that are more important.
The right opportunity at the wrong time is still the wrong decision....
Can listen to lights over and over again and it never gets old
Will you ever come to Chicago and teach a class?
gee thanks buddy. I called her she said we can take them tomorrow to get a replacement order thing :)
Here comes Danny Gokey, NEXT!!!
Ten failed with hashtag for #bikiewars They want #bikiewars10 !
Come on you #Packers big game today
Same here yo :/
I was literally brought to tears finding this sad news out. God Be With Whitney on this next journey.
That awkward moment when your dad is going out drinking at a party and begs you to go because the tequila is awesome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> is this a trick?
Our website is available. Although its currently under construction, Contact info is available!!!!
I apologize. I had no idea that soft porn was now an essential element of #HIPHOP culture.
where r u
Yea.Me neither not anymore i learn my lesson the first time.
If you come down let me know :-)
Some warm weather, a good book, a cuppa tea... oh, and job applications. Sigh.
#Feminist social science is some of the toughest cuz it often demands U locate UR own power & privilege in UR work...so rewarding tho
direct message me then.
#DILLADD Don't i look like a Drug Dealer.. Coming soon
Same. RT : If I get short with you its because Im busy, not pissed. So don't keep asking what's wrong or I actually will get pissed.
I need some coffee :o
im not fake first if all. Second she lives in san antonio!! Connor just tweeted her!! Stfu and stop hating!
Carmelo K.D. Kobe D. Rose R.Westbrook All them can Score 40plus but Lebron Will Score 40plus And will fill up the stat sheet! & play hella D
Back at cha
yeah must be totally weird knowing that PEOPLE do stuff besides have sex....total mystery
Attention Library Twitterati: there's a new name for this Twitter account! From now on, we have the Twitter handle
I am pleased with the #Mets 7-3 start. Can they keep it up?
- I had a client so I went to your party at Roxbury on Thursday - it was live. We should collab at some point!
Not feeling work tonight. Thank God I have tomorrow off!!!
To NOT get a follow up: Lack of awareness about the position you are interviewing/applying for.
horrible day ;[
bringing 150 students your way #redbullsb with the best SBM
Just met with James Hill, a new rep at the agency. I got a good feeling about this guy!!!
Camilla Wilcox associated with Reynolda since 1970! (I think she knows us well.)
Awesome presentation by Jack simply amazing
Are past is to valuable to broadcast all over a social network. I respect u enough not to do that : )
Im not a rapper im a trapper no actor
your songs have been stuck in my head! and i now know them all by heart.
e!!! You lucky girl!! I hope you have a great time!!
great article.
We are God's children and we make our own paths. What path will you go down at the end of this year? Bless others...
lol yea ur right. Guess there's no way around that. Hoes will never disappear, smh lol
Nobody is perfect. We should enjoy each other's shortcomings.
Are there any good grad student blogs about the process of creating a digital dissertation?
Going out to eat in a little bit.. Follow me,, I will follow back.. Miss Alexis Todd.. follow me!!
Denzel Washington is one sexy hunk of black man.
Hey Super Star! How's school?
Watching Goal! 2: Living the Dream
these hoes aint fucking so i cant say its crackin.. But for entertainment & the experience then yeah
Banging korean rest across from my crib, remember Sputnik? Now Bi Bim Bop yummmmeeeee
After this series I have zero respect for Lebron. Hes the biggest baby. Complains about every call and flops to get foul calls
I totally know what you mean! And it's always people you kinda know.
I love themboth so much and im gunna miss them both so mucb... Crying...
RT: THE WORLD IS YOURS
he's there. Just not doing the red carpet thing.
we just having fun!
1% left on my phone.. and I'm still tweeting. #swag:)
I learnt from you to never ever give up in what I believe in! Thankyou.
ha! I was watching that earlier...classic line
OK we have some apartments running great offers for you, call us at 832-259-2526
follow me back ? please , I ur a big fan of you
On set waiting for filming to start.
Coming out of surgery and asking for Cuban food apart from being a great sign is priceless
Why aren't kits used more often? Maybe it's a secret...
lol dude shut up... he straight but his voice irritate me man
The Lord's light penetrates the human spirit, exposing every hidden motive.
THAT STUNTER QUAD MONEY LOOKING FUNNY IN THE LIGHT ctfu @
I'm thinking something with straps and rings. Something s&m/dominatrix.
"Tamina! I got you a coconut tree! I got reservations at McDonald's!" Oh whenever I need to smile, I put this on :)
Sounds good - just give me a couple of time slots that work with your schedule. Enjoy NYC!
Ok I'm creeped out.
is just messing around with me x) he keeps on TWEETING WHEN I HAVE SCHOOL TOMORROW AND TRYING TO SLEEP. (; haha NOTICE ME !
Trying to look into show times for a movie tonight, but the website isn't working. Hopefully this will be fixed soon?
did they REALLY broke up? :)
*yawns* my TL is boring.
Hey Joe
tigers. all night long.
When hosting your REEL on Actors Access, be very specific about the scene and role you are playing. Make it easy for the casting director!
YOUR CUSTOMER SERVICE SUCKS. 60MINUTES WAITING FOR A REP. GAVE UP. NOW 81 MINUTES AND WAITING. STILL NO REP. WTF UNITED?
i set my twitter up a while back & never touched it. :)
": You all are my daily news. Thank You!" I Cant think of better company to be put in!
What do you get if you cross a constable with a computer?PC Plod.
SING IT, SISTER!!
This new iPad fire though...
... and such a touching video! RT What a beautiful song by Martina McBride featuring cancer survivors. bit.ly/obSXB1
Jodie is running a fever and I am going to get him at daycare. Anybody else want him?
We'll have a new Mother's Day show out tomorrow, too. Friday is Relaunch Day!
She too amazing
LOL! It is indeed a serious offense.
My mom and sister said you would make a good Finnick in Catching Fire! Hm.... ;)
the heart tells the truth even when the mind disagrees....ugh depress fareal...
quiz was only 5 questions but it'll prob be the one dropped! Glad to hear you didn't have to present tonight!
Super Bowl time!
Keynote Krish Prabu, AT&T: network needs to look like a cloud
congrats and welcome to the association!
What would you do if $1 Million dollars fell into your lap today?
101.4 degree fever, throat is killing me, and my body aches.
Getting ready to head into the office for a couple of hours. Working on a few items before a project launch on Monday.
We don't put feet or words to our love, do we?
If you melted this ice cream down, then centrifuged & chemically analyzed its components, it would tell you where babies come from.
PANDA NO!!!!! See how my account is set up.....I'll have to put my savings in my checking and it won't clear....
Falling in love its not always a happily-ever-after story. Most of the time, its just a once-upon-a-time story.”
it was abducted lol
Share your pics of the conference. email to .
I thought so but someone said they changed it!
Anyone who works on #311 #open311 want to be interviewed for an academic journal article? message me.
thank you for sharing in such a fun way
Humble entrepreneur's never sleep but we stay HUNGRY!!
My car. Is thirsty lol
Stop, look, listen.
Studio Posh in Grandview does a fantastic job with guy's hair. Recommended from personal experience!
It just get better every week. I love it!
Will u be my girlfriend?
I got #HOTTN its AMAZING ! can't wait till your PA show ! <33333
6 hours left - 35% off of all retail orders at www.beltsdirect.com - use coupon code "ONEDAY"
Do you think some of the most wanted criminals in the world make "Don't worry, I'm on the list..." jokes?
Have a good day! :)
thats right!! RT Money and motivation RT : Money is the move
Boys are nicer when they aren't with their friends.
Priorities.. RT : my phone just auto-corrected "breathing" to "hunting"
Is there anything physically wrong with Valverde this season?
Oh, that one is good, too. I've used: "insert witty response," as well. Hooray for terrific writing!
how are you this Monday mawnin?
me too!
Under attack from giant American insects! 1st had wrestle to the death with huge Hornet & just recovered in time to take on oversized moth!
Julie Bowen's hair is so classic! She looks amazing!
Santorum will bomb Iran if they attempt to procure a nuke. (Imagine if they tried to buy condoms?)
also agree its a good reference. The official guide is really good as well though.
hahahahah ur tweets are the best .
I hope you followed them. We totally should crash it tonight!
"Are you like the girl from Species or are you cordial?"
Haha, I guess you've gotta get it in soon, don't you?
Remembering Dads Birthday...First one without him...Thanks Dad, for giving us so much love...You will always be in our hearts.
Laying on my floor in the dark with my cat. This just proves I'm going to be a crazy cat lady when I'm old.
please tell me you did not just rip on easy mac..
Somebody should distract me so I have a bad reason not to do last minute weekend homework.
What happened ?
congrats young lady!! I ha no idea. Seems like everyone I know is having a baby!!
Scott Brooks 6-13 against the Lakers including playoffs. He'll be 10-14 by the end of the series.
Let your new life improve, call 1-800-TOUCH-BOOBS #SIKE #totallyrealphonenumber also my lady says "SIKE" is "psych" but whatever go 90's
orientation today!
I wish my bills would magically go away because you know bill companies always send them on time.
“: my first #TandSballoon and plan to take your class :)” I can't wait to see you there!!
Therapy Solutions of Aiken, SC will soon offer PESL accent modification.
I guess I got used to exposes of true wrongdoing/corruption from and this one sounds more like editorializing.
Tried reciting presidents and only got to 23...
what time do they play at??
where u work at lol
Times are hard right now, dishing out hundreds of dollars is going to cost you. Just tell him that you don't have the....
I LOVE your new song #Boyfriend it is AMAZING!!!!
That crazy Storm knocked out power in my hood for 3hrs. Theres going to be some unhappy and late ppl for work.
Coffee break WAS the great idea MT Ever had a great idea on your #coffee break?
thats why you shouldn't do it! :)
Guess I don't clean the house very often b/c when I do the cats dart around with their ears back like something really WEIRD is happening.
This was a first - lady talking on her phone at the Y while working out. What conversation is THAT important?
Question Ladies... Can you judge the type of relationship you have by what movies he's willing to watch with you?
lol come to the parking lot!!I got you
is at workin the studio...watchin the Colts game! LOL!
Hi! :) Glad to see you are still following me! YAY!!!
is the most anti- #Israel President in the history of our nation.
The #psp12 needs to try a Pecha Kucha presentation--20 slides x 20 seconds each.
Yes, but either way you get a protocol and a hierarchy.
"Many, many times, the kids with less talent become the better athletes because they're more dedicated to achieving their full potential"
“: Yesterday's goal was to get to 500 followers...he still needs 5 more...anyone?"Count me in the Fortunate500
I want to finish reading "The Power of Self-Discipline NO EXCUSES" tonight so I can start book.
Thanks! I'm dying to hear what's on YOUR list :)
Awesome Tweets
Great time for a side stitch. Holy SHIT.
Hello all!!
nope! Won't have it back till Friday...ah!!!
come to my house jiggly puff I'll explain.
too much build up at this point.
no I stream online whenever they're not on an Arabic sports channel here
RT : It is sad to grow old but nice to ripen. Brigitte Bardot
The last week of school!! The kids are all so excited.
Congrats! Hope that gets good publicity at #dh2012 &
I do but I couldnt just let the lil guy die
“You won’t like me when I’m angry. Because I always back up my rage with facts and documented sources.” -The Credible Hulk
unable to like them. :S.
im a gold digga lol.."less is more"?!.. Dont take it too literally..ppssssh.lol
Boys don't say yur gonna meet us let us get ready and then say no, its a dick move.
watching #TheBachelor with Zachariah stone and
Create a zone that give you direction for your business journey...the roadmap to success
email is a tool, like many other things, that can be used well, or poorly.
read all the best #NFL writer's take on #OT here-www.ussportspages.com
ah sounds exciting.
Beautiful weather! Grilling time after work with Grill Master J . I hope it stays this nice out for the weekend :)
I'm not disagreeing just picking your brain, btw.
Looking forward to my trip back Zanesville tomorrow evening. Stopping to see my dad in the hospital. Hope he knows I'm there. :(
Did you go for doughnuts?
RT : Joe Flacco has renewed his endorsement deal with Reebok, according to a league source.
What is it with you and Dicks.
it would make my life complete if you could notice me, your honestly the most sweetest and talented girl <3 Love you! #FF <3
Soo y everyone in church tweeting
This lady is doing everything in her power not to beat this child...this ain't one of them times, Sista...
oh okay and send it too desiree6 with out the space between :) lol
Did i say I was celebrating?
round i-don't-know-how-many: "i think aluminum foil is the most AMAZING thing ever invented!!!" -my dad
Cant wait to put this mixtape out
“: Wish I was cuddled up again with #oomf :/” but like for real where's #ooyf you stay needing someone to cuddle up with
DS: W/ Ricky Williams retired, I think the we could bring back Le'Ron McClain if they aren't comfortable with Anthony Allen or Damien Berry.
Birthday shout out for <3
Monday Chat with Michael Collins on #ESPN .com ROCKS! well said :) "I'm having second thoughts now. This kid (Rory) is FOR REAL!
The light shines brightly with nothing but blue skies. What a beautiful day God has given us for and 's wedding!
The Smithsonian Art Museum's "History of Video Games" exhibit features 80 classic games, including Pac Man, Donkey Kong, and Super Mario!
"we in the streets playa, get your mail, there's only two ways you end up, either dead or in jail...."
Currently dealing with poor service from location #528, Corporate NTB- help this widow and single mother! Feel free to DM me.
I knew I was being conservative with my guess!!
when are you back on tv?!
INTERVIEW ON Q100!!!!!
I said its thug life night ! RT : its a dead body behind you.
Anyone know how to delete or archive sample books on #Kindle ?
Help someone in need today.....
Piece from Uwe E. Reinhardt Health Care Payers Push Back Against Costs
i'll certainly try my best, from now to june 2 life is *busy*
miss you too chain! Have fun on your cruise.
They need to equip each clubhouse with a Star Trek Medical Tricorder. We need faster results.
she's a wretch. SAHM hater. obama sheeple
Lets Go #Chicago handle this!!! #Bulls vs
Checkin out a little music be4 I try 2 go 2 sleep..sounded really good..wish I could hear his songs on :)
I think I broke my left pinky toe. How can something so small hurt so badly??
nap or study?
uve been avoiding me, mr siu!
it only get better over time :)
Trey ripping up slave
great show tonight. Thanks for luring me in on behalf of Wendyl the Pilipino. We had a blast'
Check out Modern Bliss tonight!
Glad I could be part of your century club.
Tip of the day: If you want to write a poem, then alls you got to do is strategically place words that rhyme in an affective way.
as a golfer, I still root for Tiger. Plus golf still needs him. Today is a perfect example. As a person, I have no opinion
RT : Who is this Ella girl and why are so many hipsters saying they're going to coach her?
good stuff guys.
Follow Oxy players
Congratulations! So excited for your little growing family! Best wishes and many blessing to you!
Well see ya
always good
Seen on Madison Ave: Middle age woman texting while riding a bike in traffic, not wearing a helmet.
Ignore the you invite in front :-)
voters are out in full force today in Judiciary Square! I really appreciate the support.Tell your friends to get to the polls WRITE IN FENTY
You must have a vision for your future! (via )
This is how people get busted!! #AskScandal caught em 2 years ago!!!!
Thanks for the follow!
it's an honor :)
Human hair vs Virgin hair? Virgin human hair is 100% real hair. Most human hair is chemically processed stripping it of its natural form.
Happy Thanksgiving!! "Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good; his love endures forever." Psalm 107:1
Distressed Property Deals Still Plentiful in U.S. Heartland
Keep up the good fight, MLK! The Jedis believe in Justice for the 99%~we even wrote a song about it!
My last day of the season on #BlueBloods and the weather is perfect. Thanks to all the cast and crew for a great season.
Having my first business meeting
I'm sick and tired of them always telling how i can make something better, nothings ever going to be good enough.
My second month of Insanity begins, I'm kinda scared.
we saw veronica to, we were surprised you weren't together lol!
Rise and shine people, is a beautiful day in the MIA!
Listening to Aaliyah ^.^
$1500 you sad
Thank YOU for making it happen. You're the folks who do the great work and help us be EPIC.
Curled up at the end of my parent's bed since they aren't home. Cat napping before cinco festivities. It's like the calm before the storm.
I refuse to settle for something less. I only fucks w/ thee best (:
Red? I'm right here, ma'am.
So much fun meeting today ! Thanks for coming to read for us!
you tell mee
Made a sweet potato au gratin last night with swiss cheese instead of cheddar yum healthier twist
At least get Extraordinary Desserts out of the one year!!
Sophisticated ignorance, write my curses in cursive.
Arabic in 1 wknd? Good luck! MT Always wanted to learn Arabic? Next intensive weekend immersion course is Dec 2-4: ow.ly/7lIO8
Getting ready to call it a night!
Never in back,I’m always where the torch be.Taste maker for the taste makers. I gave them style to give you style,you should feel gracious.
Kobe use your IQ!
ugh that stinks
#ThatFeeling when you feel so optimistic. :)
too much to tell in 126 characters. suffice to say it involves someone named Angela. I think we're headed for a fistfight
Nice look forward seeing you as it's been way past due. Hoping my family & I get on a list as my Pop's is fighting Cancer
Hopefully because you will be at Miller Park watching the Brewers!
Ok i will but what should I say? i could also message alli
I haven't read ANY of those! New MERSA recs for the LRC to buy? Sry, super busy @ elm school. Miss you guys! Finish Mockingjay?
okay :D
We shape clay into a pot, but it is the emptiness inside that holds whatever we want .
If there's one thing in life I've learned that stuck: it's all about location !
Anyone think the NBA should reseed after the 1st rd like the NHL. In the East we have 2 vs 3 and 4 vs 8. Should be 2 vs 8 and 3 vs 4.
Len liked it.. OMG!
The older I get, every pickup basketball game where I don't shatter my ankle is considered a win.
Milwaukee will miss . We'll definitely appreciate all the years
“We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit.” - Aristotle
Ready to go !
Juju thinks she's hella hard barking at bigger people and bigger dogs... She know she ain't gonna do nothing with her chihuahiua ass.
Second semester nursing starts Monday and I'm freaking out just a little. Yowsa!
luckly my angels talk to god like wassup for me
This pregnant ass chick at work bummin a square smh man
Eating subway again :)
When it comes to bug bites... garlic burns just as bad as chili... Ughh to make matters worse my tummy aches so much...
Cristina is so cute :') I love her.
Right on! #Bruins back on track. Go B's!!
How are you enjoying this great San Diego weather! It will stick around for a few more days with a cooling trend for the weekend.
I just want to be 6 again, carefree, worryfree, free to be myself, & happy. Happy...HAPPY. I just want to be completely HAPPY!
Thank you, Sara! And mazel tov (as we say in Kansas)! I had to get my update on Facebook before properly responding on Twitter.
: which sticker do you want? You can be the eagle or beaver. Me: eagle! Her: well that's a stretch but okay
man I thought it was the game...maybe there is a glitch in the games wen u load em...I'm shitty
Your friend Patrick never called back. I guess I'll get him on the next show.
“: Sinner's Brunch at 12:30 today with and the Jo's House Band on SoCo, where all will be forgiven.”
I can already tell it's gonna be a great day!! Western Civ was actually fun and intersting today!
I just got your 31 days to a better blog, I can't wait to read it and get started! Thanks!
the feeling and desire is mutual! How long do you stay there until?
RT : : It's Hammer Time on Sunday. Don’t miss a special halftime performance
Just saw the red robin commercial and it reminded me of lol
RT :Starting w/ Wish u could watch,but material so cool,we can't stream it.Sorry! #SFD1 <that is how u build buzz!
We appreciate your support and love your services!
yuurrrp i sure am
got hate mail from 3rd graders about Pluto leaving planets. Passion about science is good, if not always positive.
it was a good place. My first time there.
No Columbus, no America. No America, no baseball. Perhaps Columbus is responsible for baseball.
All da teachers who give work this wk shuld get fired
Being called weird is like being called Limited Edition. Meaning you're something people don't see that often.
I can see you (;
“Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.” meimei" - Tom Krause
Looking forward to seeing my UK coworkers on their home turf for a change.
I just finished my website so I know what you mean. Drove me nuts.
did u tip her extra?
hmm what are you doing tomorrow and tonight
my gosh Cody, were you planning to kill all your angels or what? hehe
Jorge and Alexa are adorable! I'm definitely searching for them on YouTube.
Yea, apparently he loves listening to games. Listened to it myself. This year I'll make sure to STOP during the anthem! haha
Last year for Christmas, I got a humidifier and a dehumidifier
dont take it to da head....
We do offer monthly pricing on all our plans and we start at $5 per month. Email me (). Happy to help.
thank you for the sweet tweet!!!
Philly seems to be looking for a tie.
Headed home. Thanks for the good times Bay Area WAKA peeps.
Freeze Warning issued for neighboring counties. Temps around the metro should remain above freezing tonight, but none the less chilly night
you heard me lol
where's the "like" button on this thing!
is possibly being the coolest on my tl right now
#SkySAN supports up to 28 x #FCoE ports in a single 3U. Can your storage do that? Learn more here at www.raidundant.com
I can't wait to try a dab!" Ijs
Running around like I'm a photojournalist covering some massive art project
It's a gorgeous Saturday in the #DesignDistrict. Come join us for Gallery Walk.
hey there! Hopefully soon! VA beach was awesome.
omg guess what my birthday is in a week (:
Why cheat when you got a winner? To end up losing cause your a cheater?
We don't NEED a President who knows how to make rich people richer, we NEED a President who understands the struggles of working people!
I've got a license to confuse, whattya got to lose?
Good luck, let's make it lucky 13! RT GameDay!
Coming to Thurs' Rat Pack party? Cocktails, cigars, hors d'oeuvres! Invite only, Bleu followers email to RSVP!
RT : so good, you'll never wanna leave abq #ff <--So kind of you to mention us!
@ school. seeing ashly at 4:30 today, can't wait!
we could do that and then go somewhere else after youre all drunk.
JULIE! (thanks, buddy. see you soon, I hope. xo)
is on the scene of a crash on Route 590. She'll have a live report in a few minutes on News10NBC Today
he gasping fa air!!!
Now there's crumbs all over the damn place...
Thank you and same to you!
hello sunday. we meet again ><
Great to have you on Twitter!
Shipyard Summer Ale and NBA playoffs.
For the record I want Iona to win and think they will pull it out - if they win this they beat Marquette next
Very happy I got to see tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Thanks. Congrats to you too.
T2 - so far, for me, Google+ is "work" to use. I get it. I like it. But It's one more platform I have to check.
holy fuck I have so much hair
follow me, i'll follow back(: just ask..
Time to d it down, watch me work..!
i need to start being more serious about school..my report card was so bad
yes...that set it awful...like a scene out of Flashdance..& not even the gays like it...
Great tribute! RT : Yesterday we lost our friend and voice, Carl Beane. Tonight, PA mic will be silent in his memory.
Looking forward to making flipbooks at Jared's bar mitzvah on Sunday. What do you have planned for the weekend?
wanted to say thanks for all your help on Zapd 2.0 which we'll be releasing soon. Keep us posted on your whereabouts!
is dat how u feel?
Thought so. Going well here..2 yr old boy+5 mth old girl (+aforementioned TexMex)=heaven! Keep up the great work.. happy for ya.
That awkward moment when I don't give a shit
Just saved myself from a terrible accident....
no one man! no one
It's so ridiculous...
Hey Brent! Are you a Bank Mutual customer? If so, we might know a guy! ;)
hopefully I don't have bed bugs!!! eeeewww!!! :) If you want one of my cd's msg me!
This game is quickly getting away. Tabata with his best Milledge route.
Thanks for the RT!
AnnaLee Saxenian - UC Berkeley has statistics consultants who provide advice to students / faculty
S/O to my gorgeous new follower ! Go follow her!!
easy bro u still got 158 more games to fuck it up
yeah I ordered one some time back, but it still hasn't gotten
the joke is internal feelings u jack ass say it right or dont say it at all
I will cherish it haha
Our salesperson Jarred is there eating. Look for a soulless ginger and tell him to get to work!
I was made to work. If you are equally industrious, you will be equally successful.
*Holding his head. "Mom.. My mohawk went flat cause you're boring me." Jaedyn is a 4 year old with a mind of an old man.
Thanks, Coach! :)
It’s the simple things that are difficult to do, but those simple things are often all that it takes to be successful.” Data cleansing isn…
friday friday friday woo
Another one
tumblr.... it's like twitter's fascinating, fashionable and really really pretty european cousin.
any shs students got some extra tickets for the graduation ?
Thanks Key Milwaukee! Glad! to be partnered with your magazine! Looking forward to a great 2011!
Yep! I have the Google doc & will be sharing today!
It feels so good to be home!
you calling me stupid. Haha a comma would have been nice.
Lol I used to stay chopped my avi explains it all
I spent like 200 bucks on gas, if we're going is driving her new whip. ;)
We're in for a long & stormy spring. I follow and to stay informed about the latest weather alerts.
and chocolate.
:) thank you love! RT hello best friend, or shall i say ms. president
rubber bands. Good idea!!
Oh come on when am I gonna get to 3,000 tweets .. Next week
is a stuck up sorority hobag – dude, I hope your 2012's John Rich.
-- You too Hawk. Hope yours exceeds awesome!
Right, time to start focusing on holiday events now. Anything booked before the end of the year (for this year or next) is 15% off!
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B1> corner pocket.
Focusing your energy to construct your self in order to achieve your goals will make you feel better than focusing on destroying others.
¡Iluv.cHINESEBuffet&i.c.e.c.r.e.a.m
Excellent--let us know your location when you're ready & we'll come meet you.
nope it's on Talk That Talk. It just came out a couple of days ago
Is today National Graphic Designers Day?
#beinghuman2012 is an Internet black hole, spotty cell service, no wifi. It's paaaaaainfulllllllll please turn the interwebz!
Excited to be at #megamashup ... Ex-MTVer now Chief Architect Jake Katz welcomes
These hipsters&out of towners don't know what it's like in the #NOLA trenches trying to survive.I work the party,rarely get to go
Guten Morgen! If you're looking for acting jobs, yes. They won't come knocking on your door :) Not many are paid though...
Will be getting coffee between her place and Jill's tonight- about 6:45...join if you want something warm to drink!!
Zardari is like n arsonist who sets your house on fire & than wants credit 4 bringing light & warmth in your life :-P
It's a zombie kind of weekend, so i'm reading WARM BODIES by
Uh oh pukemonster! Keep it down lol bet you went to Red Robin?!
Health unsurance CEO's and profits make our war profiteers and oil barons look like chump changers.
RT : Thanks to Pro member for reviewing our May Book title, Google+ for Business by
Touchdown in Miami. I pray to the patron saint of travelers we don't miss the connecting flight.
Microb water filter products are expensive and don't solve the issue of sourcing water
"The soul is healed by being with children."
thats. It saying much my friend.
great to have u!
hey Edwin - if you follow me you will see original art from almost everyday :)
Jacklyn your poster is on the way :)
About to check out the Wed show , I am excite.
giving a great presentation on growth and ideals at #LSSBU #UWEBC. Got my book signed too!
Philly fans......toughest fans in the world. They beat up Santa Clause during a playoff game.
playing bank with my friend
Happy Holidays everyone. Don't forgot to stop in for last minute pig ears, chew toys or salt licks to fill your pet's stocking!
be a good person and listen to 's cd on aolmusic, you won't regret it if you like REAL music
Stop telling youself you need a boyfriend. Half of them ain't shit anyway.
“ I dont like gettin hung up on”
Love the new #dwtscast! Can't wait for this to start. My DVR is ready!
haha. Thanks man. Will do...
My team won by vote of their peers, VCs, academics and entrepreneurs for best project for their human trafficking work!
omgg frenchie watch the video I just reblogged. it's on my twitter!
Disagree! This musician married a musician and it's the best thing I ever did. And playing music together is the best!
Good night for Philadelphia. Go #Phillies and #Flyers, and why am I only now finding out about ?
It's been a great PR day today... got 2 placements to 4 pitches that i made! 50% ROI on my efforts :)
Drove past a guy brushing his teeth...well, thats a new one
It's worse when you have a two story house and you sleep upstairs.
I want a bear hug!! :) xoxo
oi i can't reply to your msg, it says you cant msg ppl who aren't following you...
you got it.
BUT WHERE CAN I PURCHASE AN AZIZ ANSARI? I have four dollars and a Swiss franc in my pocket.
We are looking for a P/T Store Babe! Send us a message! xx,B
ok but u should get tumblr
latest ice age trailer reveals the producers aren't remotely in the same league as pixar technically or artistically.
FYI - we germans are mocked for wearing that combination. #socs+sandals
Just saw a thing for The Vow and the were under the bean. Made me miss chicago with !!!!
The Philadelphia Flyers are whistling past the graveyard. If the series is played on skill. the Pens will win in 5 or 6.
what do you know about the 331 club?
visit the SharingHawaii.com website. You should find all the info you are looking for there. Use the forum for questions.
rose petal ice cream at a now defunct Chinese restaurant. Perfumey, floral and richly creamy.
my printer won't print. grrr. wheres IT when you need them?
so glad you joined us for
i have new playmates with me that are so hott and fresh !!! come play with me and my girlfriends!!!!! alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
Great to connect with you!
Tomorrow Maverick & T are back to perform a lunch hour concert live !
Love your work you have up on man! Thanks for giving my WA Rain Festival some love. :) Have a great weekend.
RT : REMINDER: Jesus never once mentioned gays or abortion. But he was sure pissed at the people who didn't help the poor.
Really sick of people calling two hours after their appointment to let me know they can't make it
LOL. So much candy, so little time.
Me too! RT: We're preparing for this year's American Folklore Society meeting, who's going to be there?
When people try to steal my Bestfriend from me < no.
Cool! Send me a link when it's completed, yes? :D Good, still looking for work, but remaining optimistic. Making more art! :)
My boss is now following me. Say hello to him. Say it loudly because he doesn't hear so well.
Of course I remeber the nasty things you tell me & you remeber the weirdest things I tell you. Haha (x
Mom talks shit about Korean-run Japanese restaurants, but some of them are good!
Thanks for the RTs. :-)
Say what's real. Do what's right c:
Go you, Mon. Adventures in cooking are fun.
Re: "give up..." You agreed, count all sigs. Afraid of informed voters? Just like Prop C Prop G Prop K
licking? My cats chaws on edges of plastic bags any chance he gets. And swallows twist-ties with relish.
Headed in from a call.
I hope went to work today lol!!
oh and I have more
And I'm asking, if you suspect a school of tampering, is it OK to ban them from talking to the transfer? Fair question.
“Every mountain top is within reach if you just keep climbing.” Barry Finlay
there is a bent wire hanger under my pot of tomato sauce because that's how my grandmother did it.. don't ask. #FamilySecrets #Won'tBurn
I'm 22 botch!
ima go swimming tomorrow
Antiphon this morning for Psalm 19: While the king sitteth at his table, my spikenard sendeth forth the smell thereof.
You're welcome! Thanks for encouraging YP #Board service. It's important to get involved and lots of #nonprofits want YP input.
happy birthday to my cousin who's like a lil sister to me love that b...hope god blesses her with many more
My sisters birthday is this week. This is my note to self.
lineup looks pretty good. I would love to see Stevie Wonder again.
When you invest in real estate, money is made or lost behind the scenes, not when the final deal is made.
RT if you want a kiss from Mindless behavior and then i will follow you and you follow me
#todayinmay it rained.
Tomorrow We Will B At The U of Delaware #Israel Celebration!! Can't Wait 2 Share R Passion 4 The #Jewish Homeland!
listening to She off the 'Rewind That' album...so nice!!!
"That was rad"
Levinson says GAB doesn't need and shouldn't ask for an extension. He says the board needs to certify sufficiency of signatures.
you've gotta be kidding.... He's one of the greatest ever!
Love me and the world is mine. - David Reed
Or, alternatively, it's just the Empire and they can do whatever the hell they feel like doing, even if it makes no sense.
in 4!? I don't fuck wit LA but that's disrespectful sir lol
I got QR code!
But It Was Hilarious Seeing My Math Teacher Fall :D
whatchya think of the Luke Kuechly pick? I like it. Always support the
if u ate toilet paper, whenever u take a crap or a waz, would u still need toilet paper? and if u shoved a c.
Awesome! RT : "The job isn't to catch up to the status quo, the job is to invent the status quo." - Seth Godin
The first of many
yes u r
u are a legend, loll
Yikes-thanks for letting me know! I will investigate and get back to you.
Updating sylenth library
Our little bitches should meet one day ;)
Twitter is jacked up right now...
you get me some
Breakfast, eh? Saluting our friends to the North with the MONT TREMBLANT -Char-griddled Canadian Bacon, Egg, Maple Fromage Blanc.
Just think about the Shit u say to me think y do I let u get away with it ugh...
...with a partner of the opposite sex more than I do with having/wanting kids....& the partner does not necessarily have to be
Let. It. Rip.
no thanks but i dont need it cuz i dont know who u r..i cannot keep ur phone number.your a stranger
Game over
SRV: Sports Recreational Vehicle
Strive or Thrive? Which means more to you?
Looking forward to seeing what Nike has done with new NFL uniforms. Player reactions from event sounds positive so far...
When I can't RT someone tweet cus its blocked -.-, fuck I'ma still that fucking tweet lol
...until such time as the passenger requests a resumption of the mumbo-jumbo, or until the ride is completed and the meter is shut off.
We just love making everyone feel all warm and fuzzy inside! :)
Time Warner feels even more depressing than the DMV.
George John Whyte-Melville~ In the choice of a horse and a wife a man must please himself ignoring the opinion and advice of friends.
ADAM! I hope you have the marriest of birthdays friendo!
ok... I was thinking the same thing and... The mannerism of Bebe
4 minutes and your on lol, welcome Fam, now knock it out the park.
LOL moms knows what's up
oh. I'd like one of those, please!
miss you too </3
Trying to figure out how to create an image gallery for my BELOW THE BRIM business portfolio in Drupal...pray for me... LOL. B.A.M
RT : Anyone else dealing with a full brain? // Always.
I'd give anything for #oomf to be right across from me right now...
and then an absurd technical grindcore thing: spotify:album:20xS1gMW12PSrdcuXqv6al
"Do one thing every day that scares you." ~Elanor Roosevelt
What? I'm presenting?!?
And off to Mansfield!
Terrible service at Bagel Broker in hollywood
RT I just can't look at that person the same no more because we was on a deep level and end the it was so unreal.
Being nonmainstream is so mainstream now, that you have to be mainstream to be nonmainstream. Yeah, i went there. :3
Check out our new website! Not quite complete, but on its way! www.RaleighRadon.com
sounds like a plan.... can I just marry him already?
I don't even have either of those listed bro lol
Will do! Hope to see you on set.
Yes, mortal enemies we are. Laundry, dishes. Oh and vacuuming.
Some folks like might wanna like say like less.
Jawan is scaring me .
Can anybody recommend a place/person that does microphone repair?
The hunger games! <3
Listening to the Yanks. Reading cool new book about samurai weapons.
I've been to four games at Camden Yards this year....all losses.
because you have forgotten what real life is
omg i know but i love u more :*
Going to D.C with my brother today so be on later <3
Wine vocab word today: bouquet.The bouquet refers to the scent a wine acquires with aging in oak and in the bottle.
I know you guys are bringing home a blimp! loveyou(:
I'm good too, thanks. Cold in Norway this year?
Yeeeeee-haw!!! RT wins a Silver Pencil at the for Craftsman Radio! Congratulations Teams!!
Yup! Classy with a capital C! Not like THAT other one. Is she even human?
It's a shame to see a great player, teammate, & person like Mariano get injured like that... My prayers go out to him.
2 days till you're finally home! :) xx
Yes, is amazing. Excellent food, great staff, beautifully done. We felt at home there (w/better food!)
Better late than never.Thanks 4 the shout out.#take care
I hate when I reach out and they dont reach back!
Naps after school are always the best (:
Thanks to ; for joining on Wednesday!
Sounds tasty!
LOVES how does a cabriole and an attitude turn in her Edge of Glory music video! So well rounded!
I second the motion! “: The goal of today's Twitter discussion must be to get BA to sign up for an account!”
Deuteronomy 14:28-29 "...bring all the tithes of that year's produce...so that the ...fatherless...may come and eat and be satisfied..."
oh okay maybe you'll work during the summer time
John Lacking...
Regretting your past or worrying your future doesn’t make your present better.
I wouldn't like you as much if you did not say those things.
keep me updated on score? I'm tv less for a while. :(
I'll never give up hope.
I need to go
ok who paid you ladies to say that? LOL
dont forget Joseph G-Levitt is in the #lincolnrva movie. dude is going to be hanging in #rva and we will become friends.
Best time of the 6am?
Definitely was. That's why this job is so great. We have to know what something tastes like to sell it!
Wow, so this London rain and fog thing isn't just a thing people say.
#celtics need to pick up the pace for playoffs
I can tell you are super smart!!
Be careful how you wait on God. Waiting without working creates slothfulness and laziness. Work while you wait and the time will pass faster
J and I are watching it to. :)
When you order food, then they repeat it back to you, then when it comes you say " my bad". You didn't want fries, your an idiot. Ugh
provides excellent Insurance Services in the San Diego area!! Don't miss out on your chance to save money!
fine bitches always quick 2 call a NIGGA broke, when they the ones w/ kids, no job, no car & still livin w/ they mama or off some trick! IJS
Can't wait to get to New Orleans! Playing Mid City Lanes Rock n Bowl tonight @ 10. Then on to the Hotel Sorella tomorrow night in Houston!
I guess Mike Brown can take his "Hang in there" kitty poster out of the box and hang it back up.
Escape on a fantasy unlike anything you've imagined. A Disney Cruise Line vacation. Make memories to last a lifetime. www.FreeXpedia.com
Yeah, and the earth is flat and at the center of all & Electricity is the sperm of the Gods.
Please! I'm all the man that needs!
Testing my mobile tweet ability.
Now's the time to gain that self esteem with each pound lost! Know what you are worth and start the HCG Diet today! 702.979.4424
Just signed up for the Compton PESL Accent Modification Workshop! Can't wait till June 18/19 in San Francisco :)
“How soon 'not now' becomes 'never'.”
yea, but they're going every where on their tour but they're not coming to Brazil, so we want to show them we want them here
so my hubby opened our screendoor and a tree frog hopped inside my cat flew across the room
GOT ME WATCHING ;)
yeaaaahhh. I don't really like bands. Never reeally did. Lol
"The Dilemma's" on... They're at the #Blackhawks game.
Agreed! RT : For angles, maybe. For granite? Absolutely not.
RT Racial #equality should be in all schools: that means quality #teachers in all schools. Castruita
good morning from the #womensretreat!
Aqua might be my new color. Looks really good on me! :)
Hi Molly, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
He's going to Dub! Cool! That'll be a TERRIBLE place to have to go visit him. ;) (p.s. - we need to catch up!)
Welcome to the good life
hopefully with tomorroww . i need herr. <3
where u@ ?? With them piks
thanks for the advice Pimp God lol
RT : You guys sent traffic to that's it's overloaded right now <- we love it!
new song, new website design?
Damn Traffic crazy out here.
on #bilingual book Dancing with the Devil "ages-old supernatural elements mix well with high interest current setting" yay!
Hey Todd, how do I send you a press release?
I don't believe it's possible for SKYPE to make its interface any less use-able. Increasingly, I only use Google+ Hangout
Congrats to California, New York and Florida on your aquiring the shuttles. On my bucket list to visit you all now
": Think I might go for a skate! Who runs the roads!!!!!!!!!!! <U+25B6>"we do except when I have 2 take cupcakes to school!
Rochelle Logan presenting about ebooks talking about Douglas County
Sapient offering scholarships to area minorities | Clocking In | a ...
My goodness, I almost forgot what it's like to crush on someone. #damn butterflies
I feel like I'm losing control over my life and I hate it
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRL!!! Have a great day!!! :) ;) xoxoxo
You say gold digger, I say smart hooker..
"The Russian Tank" would be a great penis nickname. So would "T-55" if you're a robotic penis from Star Wars.
Samsung reveals new flagship Galaxy smartphone
is at Schuler's in Marshall.
Thanks for the birthday wishes and for your support!
Should go outside and be a normal person and enjoy this weather. But my cave absolutely wonderful
thanks! We used a bunch of iOS 5 technologies in this one.
“: Dear Parents, Thanks for giving me such a weird name. Sincerely, my name is never on those customized keychains.” it's one letter
hey Phil!! I like your face, will you marry me?
haha....teach him well!!
Extra butter on this shit too x)
The <U+FFFD>L<U+FFFD> in my luck has been replaced with an <U+FFFD>F<U+FFFD>
People are dying and NOT buying from back alley dealers. News flash It IS legal! Guess what! It's not working.
lmaooo It looks better than I thought it did last night.
today = rest day. rest of wk = easy stuff. LOVE my kit! Bike feels like new almost!
Big game today! Go Briarwood!!! (:
There's a recording of the show floating around. Great stuff!
and you get to see me
It's been one month in my new apartment, and I am in love. Are we moving too fast?
. Holy smokes, I made it off the waiting list? [self panic]. Have to think of some good topics now :-)
I believe that "nom" is a noun, a delicious consumable whereas the verb "omnom" signifies that act of eating?
Gas may hit $5/gal by Memorial Day. Siphon anyone?Where is the cheapest gas in town anyway? 222-6000 TEXT: 80761
I actualy don't speak espanol:(
What if I am already following him!?
Sabrina teenage witch in tonight's Law & Order SVU. not new, but new 2 me. Her crime (or is it) is sleeping w/Kyle Gallner (v. mars alum!)
U.S. producer prices decline as gas cost falls Producer Price Index Unexpectedly Falls 0.2% in April; Core PPI Rises 0.2%, in Line Estimates
guess so man, guess so.
Psalm 10:18 "defending the fatherless and the oppressed, in order that man, who is of the earth may terrify no more."
We look forward to you becoming involved with one of our many committees. Thanks for coming out!
Staying up way past my event bedtime to watch the #royalwedding. Wills & Kate are building their own startup this weekend ... a marriage!
Get Sexy Redheads?
I would be watching if i wasnt in michigan. Yeah me too i want him to win. I HATE MAYWEATHER (gaywrather)
i won't ever give up. giving up is for weaklings! ;)
I feel like, if you love you should trend #NoSpaceButton. ;)
Had a great day but i'm getting sick :c
well didnt think we'd sweep this series. So 2 out of 3 is good work against a team with a winning record
what's up?
loved the series, obviously, and thanks for all the attention to the book!
Forget Tim Tebow. God won't let the #Tigers cut Brandon Inge.
“Sex and a cocktail: they both lasted about as long, had the same effect, and amounted to about the same thing.” — D.H. Lawrence (1885-1930)
YP, I planning on doing some speaking this Summer. Would love to book a night w/ you & minister w your students. DM me!
On tap this weekend: Fri. dinner with friends, Trolley Dances, <U+30BD><U+30FC><U+30AD><U+305D><U+3070> at Sushi Yaro, Adams Avenue Street Fair. Maybe I'll even start packing.
Check out our awesome Specials at Kaama Lounge and Triple Crown. These Specials won't last so get yours soon!
yeah, I was thinking it'd be funny if she smashed it while hugging him! Lol
Congrats to coach alex jackson for making state championship for FL class 7A!
why does she think she can get any guy.. you're not pretty
Don't they know who they are messing with?!
so who is all going to downtown today??
#cosign RT : Best of luck to at #SMWMiami. Your going to do great.
Entering the country without a legal visa
I swear people down south cant drive for shit!
listenin to blues with Ben King & Taylor Hicks
Good Morning Twitter! Confirmation on CD will be released July :) loving the new studio in Mpls. TGIF everyone, make it great.
Please don't misstate me-- I said comparing the "mean SES" isn't relevant --mean could be lower but total N=2
ya it felt good
Inspire people to get and stay active Pam
I normally use a dual 8-core 3 GHz Xeon Mac Pro at work, but I got to use a quad-core 3.4 GHz Core i7 iMac this evening. The difference…whoa
Just realized Astros-Phillies are playing!
Im ready for the Heat's next game so we can watch a real team play
Rascal Flatts, Zac Brown Band, Blake Shelton, Lady Antebellum,and message me back you butthead about the shoot lol
Me and arre gonna have a party the night before warped, and you're all invited!
Hotdogs from the Corner Market >>>
Big things coming Monday for JarBee. More details soon.
Sorry you're having problems. What exactly are you seeing when you try to login?
haha. Where are we running to?
Damn im pissed
i wish i could drivee
Simplicity is my ferocity. its my laid back personality that cuts so deep
Brady Trows a incomplete pass and that is 4rt and 4 Patriots Punting. Gain of 4 yards by Royal at the Punt Return.
Love your present moment! Joyful living and content heart.
Don't make excuses. Make results.
that sounds amazing, I actually have no plans this weekend. So whenever really.
what part of the Philippines you're in? I'm in Los Angles but visited your country before.
Walked by the Duluth Curling Club tonite. A sign there had the phrase "Vice Skip" written on it. I want that to be my nick name for the wknd
Oh yeah and to mike's :)
We all got options i create equations
Nice to see you actively tweeting again Will have to get together again soon re our San Diego Travel Web Sites
www.squalaorphan.com check me out
Hello Franklin
Top of the morning to you. We bring to you the finest coffees From around the world. Fresh roasted, perfectly brewed. Will u join us?
HEY EVERYONE :)
its so beautiful, still a bit big but it's close to perfect...its not a promise its just a gift but it couldn't be any better :)
it was fun you should've went loser
achievement unlocked: 100 straight days at the saucer
I COVET YOUR INTERROBANGS
My bae, my everything I love you so much. My 5.2.11..<U+2665>
please DM acct info, i'll check into this for you.
check your email and let me know what you think
what a way to celebrate! I'll have to remember that for my next release!
Yeah, I remember. That is such a shame. Maybe next year.
I see why dudes have soo much trust issues with some females because i witness some girls perpin HEAVY for no reason.
Bring a friend in to LaBou & get 2 for 1 Haircuts!
You say that as if they would let something as trivial as "facts" get in their way...
It's an unwritten rule in girls' soccer that each team must have at least one Katie on the field at all times
aww thought you got tickets!?!
Keepin it real in the couv
I told youmate boy band British Invasion!
thanks, y'all!
Today is the opening of People's Biennial @ SECCA. Opening from 2-5 pm. Food, music and great art. FREE admission. www.secca.org
Tks for following me. Great first name and you're a fellow Texan! Let me know if I can ever be of assistance to you.
The nurse is in. What is your digital library problem?
now Ranked in top 20 artist in Atlanta on Reverbnation
YES, Teddy K did some GREAT stuff for health care!!
As excited as I was about what you brought to the Broncos I'm even more excited about what you'll bring to the community.
What was your favorite commercial during the superbowl?
#10FBTips Use & Leverage Interest lists! Train your fans to add you and your Page to their interest lists.
I have slacked a bit, time to get back to it. Thank you for the compliment! Thank you for the visit.
"Be still when you have nothing to say; when genuine passion moves you, say what you've got to say, and say it hot." -D. H. Lawrence
Steve Harvey in the morning be cray
Freshman mistake. That's a lot to put on a true Ducks newbie, and turnovers so far are the only real difference
Speaking of which, I better start getting ready.
Congrats to on their 25th Anniversary! We are proud to work w/such a great org. Can't wait to help celebrate them tonight.
and so far, my friends seem to be happy with them. and they freelance
That's awesome! What kind?
I'm feeling UFL, XFL, AFL,etc. with the way that jersey looks.
That one kid in your class that thinks their Albert Einstein. Chill tf out!
eating breakfast at cracker barrel in birmingham, al
thanks Angelita. i give my regards to Chile
well, we haven't started shooting yet, but thank you for saying that sweetheart. hope all goes well with you too!
For chance to win a Elite Brewing System & Dunkin' K-Cup Packs for u & ur Mom tweet why you heart ur Mom & #MomsHeart!
lol yes, that is totally it. I play her with Cerebella (Ceracopter) and when I do a block string I assist call for mixups.
stupid girl! I cared about u not him!
Been addicted to record shopping lately coped four new ones today
Ingersoll Rand Launches Trane Residential Solutions to Bring Social Technology ... - Business Wire India (press release)
well then
Congrats on the win and also that BOMB you blasted today!!
Famous Kathy quotations: "It's a man's world," "men will screw a tree," "I hate Mert," vile woman.
20% of men watch porn at work
then u dnt kno he to skate tay :P and I will jaya :'(
thanks for letting us know about this
Thank you! :)
new adults-only oasis is scheduled to be completed November 15, 2011
perfect, it will take me that long to bike over
#3WordsForYou - Oklahoma City Thunder!
Oh it's all I talk about these days, LOL
#riseofindies : has a much more diverse demographic than traditional #startup spaces--recent grads to the elderly.
Bad Enough For You <3
Starting In Da Back, Now I'm Da Nigga In Da Front
J Sandorf: "Libraries have space in every community in this country. Bookstores do not. What's the utility of that space for pubs?"
Thanks for adding our post to your "Daily Twitter" journal! Have a great Monday.
So Buttercup's a budding gymnast, eh? :)
Has our government been made into an Other, an unknown, autonomous, & foreign agent whom we cannot trust and is veiled to our understanding?
2nd response when early 20-somethings find out I'm turning 40 next week: "Wait. Why don't you have any wrinkles? What's going on there?"
In Vegas, Its 10:30. 1:30 my time.... Me so tired!! Thanks Encore for the awesome room!!
Can't wait to see you guys there!
The brewers are in bidness. Bases loaded for Haristron. Weeks takes a hit..
happy birthday amigo!!!
Jackson County still has three precincts to go.
PUT UH CONDOM ON YA HEART CUZ IM BOUT TO FUCK YO FEELINGS
I'm a snob. Only Hebrew Nationals with kraut for me!
Don’t forget to enter for a chance to win a new #LGViper. Just follow and you could be a winner. #LGCTIA (Ends 5/10)
where did you go? I was just there :-)
So. Sleepy. Ehhhhhh. xp I think I'm gonna call it goodnight, world!
My family about to be god!!
Ppl fault u for caring.... especially when u care enuf to let older adults know when they're wrong
Joshua Bell makes even the ugliest of days lovely and fragrant
If we're talking Montreal, we need bilingual slides. And photos of men in fur coats with purses. Trust me,
"It is well that the earth is round that we do not see too far ahead." - Meryl Streep
please follow me(:
A true genius and innovator will be missed. RIP Steve Jobs.
Good Morning #Pittsburgh...Time to work
Lap Tops are becoming like typewriters. In 5 years our digital lives will be dramatically different.
Buyer feedback is a comparison statement. They are telling you how you look next to your competition.
you know.. I've known you for over a year and have YET to actually MEET cokie..
Had a great time playing last night. killed it for sure!
my week-end is so close that I can taste it!
That's what 1/2 & 1/2 and personal pizzas were designed for.
I shall have more experiences and pass many more milestones
Sunday nights make me sad :(
Why so mad?
Trying my hand at linocuts for the first time...surprisingly easy and not too messy.
Rage all you want and talk shit at the end of the day your a little bitch with a walmart internet connection lol
#MyPastRelationships increased my faith in God, because he's never left my side and has helped me free myself from potential disasters.
Don't hate cuz I'm cute and sweet; hate cuz you can't compete.
just get a gchat app for your smartphone that has push notification
:O he's from The Wanted >.< Very Awkward, very cute :)
What can I say, I'm a conservative football coach. The forward pass is way too liberal for me. I'd vote against facemasks if I could.
and as far as what i do: i'm a hokie, student affairs professional, health-nut wannabe and explorer in social media marketing :)
To manage a system effectively, you might focus on the interactions of the parts rather than their behavior taken separately.
New Song Posted "Long Time Coming" Check it out..............
I haven't seen Dante in 3 days ;~;
nothing recently... I need to get back out there!
or rose.
I quickly glanced at and then productively went on with my evening
more important he focus on getting on base than swinging for the fences though
your tweets are protected, so I can't see what you say :(
When I Didn't Have A Facebook , I Had Twitter <3 Well I've Decided Too Come Back..Lol ! (:
Many artists long for recognition from people whose judgement they distrust.
Are you going to watch POTUS's State of the Union tonight?
Jealousy is just love an hate at the same time!
Had a great opportunity this afternoon to progressively enhance a Facebook tab with CSS3. Best part, the snow flakes where the * character!
If you would be loved, love, and be loveable. -Benjamin Franklin
that is a fair point. So of course they bring in older siblings, kids from other high schools and foreign exchange students
By observing G-d's Torah we show our love for G-d and truly magnify and sanctify His great name. In so doing G-d gives us the way to glorify
RT : On #Smallbizchat tomorrow 4/4 8PM EST>> Andrew Davis shares How to grow an online business
just darn. Like socks. I do like my in laws. Just missing a bunch of cool stuff that weekend. Bah.
Oh.. Well no it's not
Shocking MT“: Is it violation of law for Mayoral candidate to offer someone political job before winning race? Answer- yes!”
My baby so cute wah :(
And rape survivors and asexuals. According to him, they're burdens on society, too.
This time he blogged inestimable honor
The Choices We Make Today Will Determine The Life We Live Tomorow.....
my phone is a T-Mobile
Lesley shut up.. you act like yo life is hectic AF lol
good luck Paul!
Q2 Our library is ugly as sin but we have art up from local artists and pretty displays. We do the best we can to make it look nice
ok i just want 2 make sure
Thanks to da staff at WPU! Next stops: Raleigh on Tues and Lexington on Thurs...
thanks for the shout out :) Happy Earth Day in this rain
it will be interesting, more ebooks = more clutter, and more bad ebooks… the challenge will be to sift through the clutter
Hello Nashville !
Really dont wanna go to school. So imma just gunna keep milkin this pain till tomorrow morning
did u know that if women only use the 1/2 flush you risk the loo blocking, so a plumber told me
I miss you </333
Texting 24 year old girls
Clijsters vs Wozniacki live! good stuff!
Lacuna coil new album is off the hook!!!!!! New band in my top favs!
yea I know. I didn't know I was supposed to come. Divins mad at me, isn't she?
Tuned into the award show twice and both times I saw Lady Antebellum win an award! They so deserve it. And Hillary's hair looks great!
When I see a dude with a golf shirt, dress pants, dress shoes, and a cell phone on the belt... I immediately walk in the other direction
Its a big move...Brooklyn..nyc...son wants to study film there...
true story
If I once cared about you, I'll always be here if you need me <U+2764>
Whats for dinner? B of course! 410-878-1266 or dine in- porch and upstairs seating
Morning working against me today. Forgot wallet, forgot breakfast, metro running slow. Hope things get better once I'm in the office!
Super hero #2 is up! Tap into the super hero part of you.
Playing world of warcraft. Rollin some BGs on my disc priest.
At what point does the sentiment change so radically between “Have a good day” and “Have a nice life?
sometime I need to tell you about the "information sharing behavior in tattoo communities" I did my 1st year of
#cil11 Study by Library Research Service found that early adopters of tech had significant increase in visitors and circulation
Friday again already? #fridaylistens Still rockin my audio re-read of THE OTHER LANDS by David Anthony Durham (Acacia #2).
I hope so
doesn't sound like Weeks is 100 percent with his injured ankle..
omg has we completely taken leave of our senses???
Blues are done!!
Today has been a crazy day. It's time to relax and eat some samosas. Nom. Nom.
Man you are both doing awesome on #DWTS You got hosed tonight. You were a lot better than 9's
Frustrated. After switch to Timeline, Facebook stopped collecting Insights on one of my client pages. And they won't respond to my inquiry.
the end I hope
I absolutely agree. Self-trust likes to hide sometimes. And pointing the way, whenever we can manage it, is good exercise :)
Did you know: In the 1960s, John Cleese did a radio show in Britain called "I'm Sorry, I'll Read That Again". Best radio show title ever?
Yeah, only would leave their gear when they are
I usually go to bed at 8 on school nights and its 11:21 and I can't sleep..
Getting my taxes done yet I own them money.wtf
i really want u tonight : ))
Gunna release a new song within a week or 2, who's ready?? :)
About to get in da lab and get shit started
I am sensitive! be careful with the fuun making okay!
Jericho Heating Up, Barrage Derailed?
Been such a beautiful winter!!! but missing some rain & snow! lol!
The Power that is God is like a lamp unto my feet directing my next step. When I take that step, then the next step is shown. Enjoy the day.
You must be well connected to land such a ridiculously hard to get preview.
Hmm I want some food.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
The talk about redecorating in the studio space this morning is moving right along! Anyone have good recommendations for a painter?
Football time! Pizza and football - a perfect match.
1" hail now reported from spotter west of Mankato. Storm cell headed to Mankato and St. Peter.
Hi! You can get the StoneCreek Flavor at Outpost, Beans and Barley, Sendiks - shorewood and Mequon, Groppis, Metcalfes. Enjoy!
Financial well-being is simply not thinking about money you haven<U+0092>t earned, to buy things you don<U+0092>t need, to impress people you don<U+0092>t like.
LOL it was probably obvious anyway...
haha true!! You took 5 classes first semester?! I only took 4! Haha you must of been studying all the time! No party time! Haha
The spirit of gratitude is a powerful energizer. ~ Wilferd A. Peterson
Joe Block: describing Corey Hart's haircut
people who only eat when they're hungry really do exist...unfortunately i am not one of them
I am pretty sure I can fix anything with a hot glue gun. And hairspray. Well, I can fix a holey air mattress and a bad hair day.
During field sobriety tests, Jackson allegedly told Patrolman "I feel bad for you that you only make $20,000. My maid makes more than that."
thanks *blushes*
Valuable Metric -> RT : "going viral" = 500+ downloads/day for 5 days in app store
So who had the most? did another team have higher bounties? or is this just a non story? ITS FOOTBALL LET THEM KILL!!!!!!!!!!
Olivia combs her ears..Wtf,,,,,
If I was ever trying to do dirt I couldn't, not with my 4 year old around. She tells all my business! "well I saw ____ , he's mommy's homie"
On way now to Wasson High School to talk to AP Gov't class. Love seeing young people involved: it's their country too.
I don't think I could have chosen a crappier bag of Clementine Cuties. Phooey. :(
Patience places dancing shoes upon your feet and activates the dormant rhythm within your soul.
At member Takeda for discussion w/ Lt Governor Gavin Newsom & San Diego biotech executives. Thanks Joe Paneta & BIOCOM.
Bored as hell, listening to sum Serani,
it's funny how you can tell me how much you hate this one person, & how ' snobby' you think she is,but you talk to her all the time!
How much pain have cost us the evils that have never happened. "Thomas Jefferson"
The Super Mystery Jackpot clue is: It's by a female artist. The Jackpot is up to $80.
Berkeley is making a promotional video can we use your tweet?
so jealous. I should have planned, better could have made it.
What the fudge is goin on, my head hurts & ankles r swollen...Dang~e, please not again, not yet..
are free throws not free?
I love after that when he says you don't have dreams you have movies lol. Love that movie.
I've been in the kitchen for the past three hours. Two pies, two veggie pizzas, and dinner finally done. Time to nom.
I slept for 11 hours and woke up at 11:11.. #ItsGonnaBeAGoodDay(:
Preparing for the first media day with #Ford and NYC
Hey Ironfist , I seen you tweet your looking for producers, I produce beats, may I send you a link to my site?
oh it is!
I know I say this all the time- but I just don't understand why people make things more complicated. There is not more info-it is what it is
my dad just texted me from down the hall to go get him the ice cream from the downstairs freezer
Ran into more loudness :( CoworkCharles has disbanded for the day. Need to find a better/more reliable spot!
Okay - I need models. Any age, style, gender - just MUST have personality! FB me if you are able, available and interested.
Show love & be sweet whenever u can, u never know wtH somebody is going thru..1 day it might be you going thru it...then what? <U+2665> All xo's!
I never would have figured that out in a million years. Holy crap
Darn! We had ferret for dinner last night.
This show "The Conversation" on Lifetime is amazing. I would love to have a show like this. It's so real and laid back.
checking email, doing reviews, and reviewing art gallery information I collected
Although I guess if you don't stab the guy or smash a Porsche, you're out of running for, like, the WORST ex...
“La cosa nostra” does not translate to “mafia,” “wiseguy,” or even “soprano,” but rather, it means literally “our thing.”
please don't. I know I got some making up to do but I GOT YOU friend friend
If I think about the amount of money I've spent on plane tix from SEA>DTW, I get bummed. I'd probably have a boat by now.
"Can I get a Mountain Dew Code Red?" - "Did you just order a Code Red?" - "YOU'RE GOD DAMN RIGHT I DID!"
and it burns burns burns the ring of fire
In fact, both Signiant and Vico Software beat HubSpot's own CHI score in July of 2010!
A: Issue more complicated than idea Antropology exploiting indiginous people - link from to follow shortly
Orchid Fest - Nov 5-13, $3/person- We display of hundreds orchids in the Conservatory. Orchids, supplies & orchid growing advice available!
An eastern conference final of Philly and Indy sounds so good to me. Commish stern will def not allow that though
even if you can record, that's a valid ? Sometimes reporters don't hear right.
Lloyd and Jules are busy playing "Go Fish" right about now back at the Bullpen.
need to do laundry and don't want to leave the census
"the way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed" . Can someone please explain why I like this song so much?
Top of the Morning to ya.
... lol just saying
thank you :)
I feel like I could throw up from nervousness right now. Bleh.
Back on the ground safely in Milwaukee stay tuned to online for some great photos!
Gonna eat, shower, and then get petty and go downtown(:
Easy but very wet :P glad I have a messy truck! Rain gear was packed ;)
I'm still freaking out.y head is throbbing and I'm still shaking.
fishers dryvit repair, fishers dryvit contractors, dryvit contractors fishers indiana, dryvit repair in fishers indiana, fishers dryvit
Could it be more gorgeous outside right now in Denver? Hope our instructors training at the ropes course weren't too hot!
There are lessons on learning Monty Python ? Cool!
Have a good trip!
Finals are finally over.. now the MOST stressful part of the week tomorrow. #PrayForMe!
Fashion at it's best!
It really doesn't matter how Iwakuma does, the game was pretty much over when he came in..
yeah no comparison. That said yours probably doesn't induce beef hallucination?
a shitty relationship is attachment. a real relationship is connection.
Congrats to you as well!! Please make sure to take the skin test, let us know the results and we will get you the products
it was great! :)
nothing in life is easy
#Tech Question: What Are Some Best Free or Low-Cost #Intranet Tools?
every time for me too. really sucked when i got both forearms done in the same sitting...
Though the process has been slow... their spirits r changing. Their eyes shine & they bounce around now... Continued next tweet
Laura E. Thornton from Minersville says Merry Xmas.She'll send you a letter in spring.
used tampons for everyone!
Now we need YOU in back! RT : Just spotted pedicab taking a group of people down Michigan Ave.
Bra i need to get the ACT.
hell yeah they are
Troy Brouwer the #1 Star for the Caps win today and the exact kind of player the #Blackhawks lack!! Thanks Stan
Everybody On My Hair For All My Fans Of U.S.A i love you Dislu
yeah man :/ I moved to Tampa Florida.. But im chillin hard now.. i got me a 7 bedroom Casa oh yeauu
A3: From the nonprofit world, so no. It all goes back to me hauling books to PO for free and happy to...paying dues. @
Show with rogue wave next tues. at magic stick in detroit!
Honey, you're 12. Blow bubbles not boys
#Magic got THIRTY triple doubles in the playoffs..that's STUPID!!!
thank you baby. Getting to know Orlando good
I don't think I've seen anything like the first 2 innings in awhile. Of all pitchers, I hope he doesn't blow his arm out...
Cant wait to go to the MUD in New York next year ^.^
The best color in the whole world is the one that looks good on you. ~Coco Chanel (Need help? Email me.)
Can't believe that today my friends from other continents are just a click away.
mad at my bro cuz he didn.tell me happii mommis day :-(
OR You have that whole white girl set that likes to get "freaky ghetto".
Hey Just reaching out again - would love to talk about any potential drummer leads. Thanks!
Off to via MAX with family and friends to check out #Packy50 festivities
Minus the "fame" and potential STDs and the rear entry video with Ray J, Kim K is still hawt. Yeah, I said it.
Almost one week ago I saw The Hunger games. So I figured I'd wait till now to say anything to not spoil. The movie was Garbage
I hear people talking about the second and third books of the Hunger Games and I just don't care.
Thank you, good:)
Oh how I love windy weather! The cats with noses pressed to the glass on the wrong side of the door...not so much!
Ohh I see Michael learned how to use Twitter finally XD
Who's going to #HouseInThePark today? will be on from 2-4. I'm so tired but I'll feel like I missed out if I don't go.
I just gave up
your stupid
Man. Kansas cannot get a single shot in!
A real successful n wise pimp once told me that a lot a pimps problem is they don't listen 2 they hoes. Sometimes a pimp gotta sit back n
Think of it as a chance to practice your atrophying transcription skills.
I remember saying that getting lost with Cam looking for Brannee's house...idk WHY I was looking at the sun lol
Lmao ": My flight attendant chick keep me in the mile high club....Seeing that smile get me in my mood!!"
It's your mom, she never told you.
your audience is based on the type of music not the age of the singer.
until he gets cut
Interviewed by Revolution news paper. Let's see if they really put what I said in there. Did a shout out to Jarrel!!
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK wow... do you guys think anonymous is going to get facebook down on 5th nov?
hahaha good times at the chicken farm!
Lol. I just accidentally sent a tweet to myself thanking myself. Everybody, go ahead, "give yourself a pat on the back!"
RT “ If they leave you smiling after a kiss, you know it was good ;)”
can borrow my hand
I couldn't play for Ron Jeremy either; but Dwight Howard a heaux if he does sit out come playoffs...
Just once I'd like to know what it feels like to be done with something for 550, even if only for a few moments.
What a beutiful day. Time to go close the curtains and watch some netflix!
Tally kicked my ass
are you in New Orleans? Would love to see you.
My brother used this in real life..."the only reason that I do bad in school is because I'm near and far sighted."
So are we! RT Out this fall...a film about "the modernism of Julius Shulman." SO excited.
Thanks for the beer and coversation, !
Now that's funny ;)
Austin, it was great meeting you last night and sharing some wine and good stories - safe trip back to Swindon!
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! FYI we are in Chicago this Thursday night for Outlaw Thursdays at LaSalle Power Co!
Finding bigfoot on discovery is a
Thanks for the RT
thats something i pride myself in ;) hhaha thank you :)
Commission votes to adopt final Assembly and Senate districts.
PickUpLine: Take off that dress and screw my brains out PLEASE
told me he ate a baby gorilla for breakfast. I thought he was joking around, but
#community is back!
Love it! #Siri's a smart girl! ;-) I just asked Siri to marry me, she said "We hardly know one another." haha!
#Str8LykeDes... Beat the pussy & I ain't coming baccccccckkkkkkkkkkk.......
good day
need some loving please
It is scheduling and conference irregularities that lead to the current dissatisfaction, not the lack of playoff. Neither will be addressed.
Well top of the morning to ya. That means good morning. : )
ready to sell paletas on the High Line this Sunday!
stop and grab your map!
we have about 1 million students in WI. Trying to find contact point in Edu at MS. Also interest from Hawaii, Tx, Alabama +++
yeah, i think so. first time i heard that i laughed so hard i just about passed out.
To those of you who know what I'm saying: I probably sound like a bitch. But I don't fucking care.
Why is dillard in the game only up 5? I thought they cut him
please do! :)
Unliited wings at buffalo wild wings with I have had 30 so far #wingfan but my waitress is russian me like stalin
"Everybody knows how to raise children, except the people who have them."
Did you know we offer support in the following languages? #English, #Spanish, #Chinese, #Portuguese. Shoot us a message if you have any
ITS GAMEDAY!!! plays Lipscomb at 3pm in the first rd of ASUN Tournament! Time to defend OUR TITLE! #fearthefin GO FINS!
ANYTHING BABE.
just making sure...
isn't baking a trick to lure them to you?
If I didn't know any better, I'd swear was slidin' Sour Patch Kids in his mouth during the POTUS's speech.
Be the girl you want your daughter to be. Be the girl you want your son to date. Be classy, anything but trashy(:
Kinda not quite ready for this week to start. *singing "I Will Survive" to self*
Why dont they use Muppets to fill the seats?
LARCHMONT LARDER may be yummy but it's crazy over priced. $14/lbd for chicken salad?
Thanks for the RT and mentions! :)
Report: Grant 35, Beaverton 28 final. Can anyone confirm?
#yougettinpunchedif the only thing you talk about is how much you love "your girl/boy". no one cares, btw.
Good question but I don't really have an answer.
BORGATA EAST COAST ! LET'S ROCK . If your in NYC come crash with me , it's going down !
I'm Ricky Spanish
Great TV last night:Game of Thrones,Mad Men,House of Lies and Californication all superb.Oh yeah,and the Arby's reuben is surprisingly good.
"Men don't care what's on TV. They only care what else is on TV." *click*
Thats gross yucK!
Just like some of my greatest heroes in life, my shirt is covered in Cheetos dust.
#NetAppStBaldricks nice job fellas!!! I'm sure you look fabulous.
Sad day, I have don't cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me stuck in my head.
oh lol I wanna see the hunger games
wow. do u know they made an i hate Mindless Beavior page on twitter called F***Prodigy
yay! Maybe we'll bring home a photo of that beach towel washing an elephant this summer!
Archiving #RoyRogers & #DaleEvans &ran across newspaper #horoscopes of 1998 - usually meant to tell the future, but here they tell the past!
at 's house adding some new settings to
": #NEXT2NAKED Mansion Party TONIGHT! Ladies Free n Bikinis Till 11 $2 Drinks $5 Double Shots. 5051 River Road, Ellenwood Ga."
Dem women cheat too. Aint no one sided thing.
same downtown somewhere.
People asking if I'm okay <<<<<
in dc. Great music, weather and food from and good to meet the guys
I think it's ridiculous! For all involved!! What adult cannot handle a 6 year old? The adults should be cuffed and jailed!
Pissed off..... going to the bar..... anyone?
no kidding! How hard was that?
O by the way yoh Hair is off the chain
Lookin' pretty sweet man. Keep up the good work. :-)
Love to See Women kicking butt!! my fingers are crossed for all of us...
hey boo u look gewd in that pic ;)
BtoBSocialMedia: 46 million Americans check their social media profiles daily (Edison Research)
yeah...I only got da tickets 4 me & my dad :'( sorry...
Watching confessions of a shopaholic. This is totally gonna be me when im older...scratch that, its me now
When the lights go out, it's dinner by #IPhone light not candlelight. in Dallas. Lol
I DO.
Hi. Thanks for following : )
nah wiz negativity does not have its own path, it creates a path...that I don't wanna be on!
v valid! but is affectivity only aesthetic? has physical/material impact that seems to move into nonaesth turf too.
We Will Be Dropping New Shirts And Sweaters Real Soon,Thank You Everyone Who Has Been Supporting Us
Considering he was with the team for just a few months, tells you how bad Seattle's offense was.
Dreaming of a white Christmas? I'm enjoying the reality of having my snow blower parked in the garage.
The recruitment fair will be great, glad you are excited.RT : MED School Conference at EVMS on Saturday!! Whoop!! whoop!!
Make each day your masterpiece
follow each other to gain more followers
Big ups to everyone that still cries when scar kills mufasa in the lion king
GORGEOUS view!!! :)
Hi, Alex. Just saw your tweet from yesterday. This whole parenthood thing is really cutting into my social media life.
o finally
#myfirstyearatfamu Actually my first day.We got lost & some1 told me to "Capitol Circle, make a left & we'll run into Famu campus"... A-hole
I just bought: 'Business Process Management (BPM): The Third Wave' by Peter Fingar via
Makes my teeth grind RT : speaking of texting, I'm down w/textisms, but isn't lol just always a buzzkill?
Where is ? You're gonna get it
Thanks homie RT : Big B-Day s/o to ....Enjoy ur day sweetie ;)
I won't be at boot camp in the morning but I promise I'll be there Tuesday!!!
Happy Friday! Love your new vid!
thaats why I was LOL'ing so hard (;
Rose Bowl redemption for Watt to get that pick 6 on the same guy that beat the Badgers a year ago.
did you get your tickets?
wait in TC?
I would really like the front office to say something, anything about this mess. Just acknowledge it, if only as a courtesy.
Bunch of new songs this week. Must be the sunny weather. "Simplicity" is the latest one. Mood-wise, it's a bit like my song "Restless".
good point ;-)
Hate doin taxes!
Wednesdays are great brewing days!
preparing for show tomorrow! It finally comes down to this... hopefully my horse and I are State bound! Nervous and Excited!!! =) <3
“: The worst MISTAKE you can make is walking away from the person who actually stood there and waited for you.”
After warped this year ima get an autographed restraining ordwr from austin carlile :)
hubby lived on 6th fl of Ogg and me on the 7th. Been 2gether ever since. 18 yrs later, 2 kids and still Bucky fans
Congrads to the Cajuns who won their first bowl game in over 40 years! Man, I could use a poboy right about now.
So If I'm A Liar & Your A Thief At Least We Know Where The Other One Sleeps
Thanks friends!
Rev. Winans about to bring down the holy spirit and speak in tongues during the eulogy... Oh I have GOT to see this.
asking JB to do anything for anyone seems like a stretch.
I'm stuck at 26
he had his bye week on Monday night..er hem, zero catches!
I lowkey feel really special right now. I needed this.
Amazing closing rhetoric from pulling in his OBL takedown and call of duty.
"Hang out with people who aren’t looking for shortcuts. Learn from them." - Seth Godin (via: )
I think it's just a really funny word, and to me, a quiet, dignified way to love our ill fated home team. Or something.
Another strong scrum for the Americans. Eventually, USA force a turnover as well. Good work
Social Media is becoming the local market
getting the giggles while prepping client documentation and cleaning up profane language
USGS is reporting a 2.3 magnitude earthquake just occurred 8 miles WNW of Bicknell, IN in Knox CO. Very minor quake.
I went to three proms back in high school haha some kid I work with asked me to go with him
friends are like boobs, some are big some are small. Some are real some are fake. ;)
My Day Ain't Bout To Be Bitter Cause Some MFs Have Tude Problems .
"Search for the truth is the noblest occupation of man; its publication is a duty"
The last time politics and religion were mixed, people were burned at the stake
Chipotle sounds so good right now!...
mann switch their bro its really layed back and close to grant watch our 4 82nd tho lol
With perseverance and professionalism you will succeed. :)
Maury...Maury!...good news...or...bad news....depends on the frame of mind! #message!
Hanging with jazzy jaz tonight in h-wood!
Working on 3 pinball machines Black Knight 2000, Twilight Zone and Black Rose for The Standard 14 NE 22nd Ave Portland, OR.
Why does my car smell like a big pack of bubble gum?
I'm ready for this break to be caught and this race to really get crazy
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: Always be aware of what your competitors are doing and practice good money management at all times.
Mango Languages is available to all Ohio residents through the State Library. OL doesn't pay for it, plus Pirate itself is free.
Going see Think like a Man:) Great feedback, Now I'm hyped up to go see it. Great Job Uncle Steve:)
shoot today. Playing mom of twins. Director telling me 2 stop adding lines like "who loves mommy more?" and "tell mommy she looks pretty!"
Preparing to put the pig on the spit.
Have arrived in Houston! Follow my AAM tweets
Time for that second cup of coffee
probably as understandable for them as non-tweeting, non-googling or non-facebooking! ;-)
Ah, wait. Islanders fan?
Stay positive brother
Damn there's a lot of people at topes park tonite. Gonna take 30 min to get refresh for kids.
Warrior Wraps!! Mike will take care of you!! Super guys!!
yea I'm cool
your opinion might change if you watch this ridiculous DVD
Some drink at the fountain of knowledge. Others just gargle.
I do pay attention. Post-game was all about the "foul" and how Vandy got cheated. Credit was an afterthought.
Hosting 24-29 With Lester Bibbs & Dominique from the Tom Joyner Morning Show
RT You are the average of the 5 people you spend most of your time with.~Rohn
agreed. WISC TV-3 is the only major local news team that has shown an effort to cover these events.
hahaha That's what you were showing Mr. Williams! lol :D
Love is like popcorn its good when the bowl is filled up but it disappears quickly RT if u believe this
name the time and place. I'll comedown to
Thanks for the refollow.
Dudes just as soft as some of these females
Bruce bowen is a clown when not playing defense -pleaz get a real scholar and statistician of the game on there after Heat win
damn where erica at
Happy Mother's Day to all you Moms, Step-Moms, GrandMoms - we love our Moms! Here are some Mother’s Day recipes to spoil your Moms with...
I need 10,000 followers. Make that happen.
Las Vegas! Just landed where should I eat
Lol. BROKEN into pieces...
Beautiful! RT : The brand new Conrad New York Hotel is 20% off when you book at least 7 days in advance!
Saint Hubbins: patron saint if quality footwear.
forgive me- was that ME? Can't remember that interview... But retraction noted!
RT : Watching the #SuperBowl for the ads? A team of agency pros will be providing real-time analysis on Twitter via
John Axford. Ugliest man in baseball
Also...I'm leaving for the airport in less than 4 hours.
i feel ya i just want to see everybody since i went through all that stuff with the appeal and all
“I need, therefore I imagine.” <U+2015> Carlos Fuentes
Missing out on valuable clients at your #fitness studio? Try offering prenatal and Mommy&Me classes to help women who want to stay fit!
Kyle's 426379 hour surgery was a success! He's in recovery mood right now.
Pro-love is not a protest. Pro-love is a movement of people united to promote love.
no observations for me? What have you done with the real Scott Ward! Congrats on Rachel again.
that's a cool shot!
would love to discuss it if you ever are interested. It is something that interests me. you can DM me, if you like.
thanks that's fitting for my birthday!
welcome home
No worries! They ended up staying at USNWC much longer than expected, so we just stayed close to the house for dinner/drinks.
School tomorrow. Have to confront this bitch tomorrow on this bus.
how have u been?
sounds like you're headed back here?! We should grab a coffee when you're settled!
thank you for introducing me to
hey sweeti how your day so far it's ugly down here it's the kind day that you want to eat mangu
Reggie Miller hanging out at Miller Park as a guest of Ryan Braun.
yeah ik and really?! Their not going to find someone who can actually handle wolfy
Where the fuck are you!?
And where is Tippy Martinez in this scenario? Hope all is well Freddie.
Thanks. Do you watch Dance Moms? Thats' the studio from that show.
Good grief. I'm not sure they thought that through.
#DearSanta, can you deliver Christmas early this year? All I want is some NBA basketball this season. Please help get a deal done today.
ditto,Paul.
Looking forward to Taming of the Shrew at APT w/ &
you don't even know
Will do. Thanks! /
Full day here. Peter at Heinz hall w PSO and Messiah. Company dancing for our friends at Urban Active. Breathe deeply!
Don't Tell Me You Want To Earn Money Online But If You Are Trying, Here Is The Key Online Businesses need internet marketing to succeed.
RT : #1: The lottery is just a way of taxing poor people who don't know math.
So happy to be linked to you my friend!
Hey Joe, you have to check my son's text commentary to me during the game. Better than the pro's.
Late shift tonight...but hey,that's where the big money is...so its cool wit me
UK band The La's cancel upcoming NYC show. Grrr! Ian McCulloch better show for NYC date or I am crossing the 'pond' to bust some heads.
I know u will!!! Lol so wats up???
Seems a little inapropriate?
No CD drive? Hmm. I don't use CD/DVDs a lot on my laptop, but when I do, I really like it.
the girls on the bad girl's club are ANNOYING.
- see you this Saturday for a CrAzY-AsS Party at The Vanguard - Downtown LV! MAY7- get ready!
I'm so impatient
being a boss like always, how much dust u collecting right now?
"I hit a puppy once with my car."
I think this data can be crowdsourced and licensed to developers more cheaply. I'd love to tackle this at a Startup Weekend.
Hope you had a wonderful weekend and enjoyed the great weather!
one more minute till my 11:11 wish!!!
KFC now offering meal with red velvet cake, changes name to King of Fattest Customers.
I personally would have went with a larger TV size.
no problem dude....love that profile pic...hahaha
Pressure turns rocks to diamonds
Black lady said " at my age I don't have the patience for this". I thought all black girls didn't have patience
just wondering if u have gotten any from me ? Please follow
I forgot ... I need Rum gummies for #rumdiarieshouseparty tomorrow !
Who's your coach? I tuned in 5 mins too late:(
…I'M FREE AFTER 8 TOMORROW.
We are 1/2 way through National Library Week! Tweet 6 word library story
it seems like every rapper is up all night trying to find the next drake or j.cole! I can deal with being known like nipsey
I agree with Shaq. "Mumble Mumble... Bounce the ball, mumble mumble. Baseline, Ham Ham." Well said, sir.
is exercising to warm up.
RT LeRon McClain "spit came outta nose" #dontlebronme that is called snot and more disgusting. What a fool.
Nene from RHOA browsing the Lanvin section of Barneys. In sweatpants and WITH GREG! #whatdoesitmean??
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood! SMILE! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
what's up shorty. Are you teaching your booty off yet or does that not start for another few weeks?
thanx it will be on my up n coming album
No UT baseball today..washed out again. Horns will try for a Sunday doubleheader w Loyola Marymount starting at noon.
Soft hair
My Twitter pals who want to see Floyd v Miguel in HD for $3.50, mail me (jblaque). I've no financial stake in it, just friends o'mine.
Separation = Preparation. If you feel different, you can bet you are doing something right to prepare yourself for a higher calling!
": Who is at Summerfest tonight, oh wait.." right?! Headin to miller park soon tailgate! Its gorgeous outside in
Women 'Invisible' in Myanmar - Inter Press Service
Tough workout...hahahaha
we'll be out there this fall!
Still get the rush when I'm alone ~
whats it looking like today?
Hm. Netflix 'til i crash? that sounds about right.
In ready for this new H&M to open!
Food Is My Addictive. If You Depressed, Mad, Hungry Af. Food Is Your Bestfriend. Aint Nuttin Wrong With Chicken, Macrooni, Biscuits. To Eat.
morning boo, you too!
I think i ate too much today....
Good point. I don't want to pay any support! I hereby rescind my claims on the snow record. You can have it, and all the snow.
This is what being home does to me. I always feel awkward, uncomfortable, and blah.
Great day today!!! :-) I will continue to delete ppl off FB tomorrow. Sorry if I delete you; nothing personal.
coming to the rescue<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
no make up swag at the mall
Thanks for the RT
awesome man, people don't think about the previous injuries sustained throughout an athletes entire life
Just read your reply on tumblr to the person saying they want to commit suicide. I can't even explain how much hope you give me
“: For every person there are roughly 170 million insects.” god I'm terrified of bugs especially spiders!
WHAT THE HELL? DO NOT TELL ME THAT ALL TICKETS ARE RESERVED.
We're number 1 on the ReverbNation Alternative charts for Pacific Northwest WA, OR. www.reverbnation.com/simonthunder
likes to rob the cradle RT : Why does it seem like Jamie Moyer always faces 22 yr old pitchers
Oh hey The concert is May 24th at 7 (:
happy birthday!
I wanna make you feel wanted.
Excited about the vanilla caramel cream ale. But, I'm going to continue to push for another batch of raspberry soon.
Thanks for the mentions and RTs
Just finished Doctor Who Season 6! Tightly written!! Now I have to wait until Fall 2012 for more though D:
I love starbursts in my mouth!
What was it exactly that Meatloaf would do anything for love..... But that?
I just took out my recycling and for a moment the smell reminded me fondly of camping.
Race to the Midlothian Family Y this Fri, 9am-6pm to get an up close look at the Y sponsored race car for the upcoming Showdown Race at RIR!
looks like Jon's hurting. How about you Vivi? I think you guys are ready for the Agrocrag.
Omg Patriots =O
Whatever no I ddidnt
Listen to your heart..one of the best movies I've seen in a while..thank you for telling such an amazing and inspirational story!
no prob. I'm headed Keeping the Lights On, Ops & Mon at Rm 405 next.
In correspondence chess you often get the chance to challenge as both white and black.
The work schedule is all kinds of fucked up right now
Updates: iPhone v3.1 (bug fix release) just uploaded to New homepage design launching soon. Sore GAINsters abound. Woot!
Another fabulous Friday at Franklin park. Don't let the weather make you sad just come get some chicken tortilla soup and you'll forget...
They can't come back from this. Oh well, perhaps next year when Hudler is back and they make some moves all will be well.
I can't just say I will do whatever I want when I gave the time...what will I have, be and do? That's much more precise....
He who cries first will laugh last ...
Mcartney is brilliant as ever
I want a girl :)
hi robert (:
no I haven't
I can't wait to see new years eve movie. Who with me???
I think it may be almost banquet burger time... oh yeah! With a pot brownie for desert!
Praying for peace & comfort for you.
2004 red sox yankee playoff highlights <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><U+270A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
This town will be the downfall of us all. A Day To Remember :)
-- Small company, committed to great service, superior employee engagement, and top-notch leadership development programs!
coffee or tea? ...*she sips her coffee and attempts to write a paper.
Great! Check out our website: www.societyforthecollege.org!
yea theyre not no names but they're 45 years old and at the end of their careers.
Tim Tebow: ROLE MODEL not PAROLE MODEL. NFL Nation in shock. Note to John Elway. NFL Films has your early years archived. Not very pretty.
It's becoming a pet peeve of mine that people post Amazon links to their favorite books.
new neighbors! RT : I noticed that ice cream has officially opened on NW 23rd. This is equal parts awesome and dangerous!
And the 2012 National Online Teacher of the Year is ...
Can't focus on studying because we're going to the NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP!
The Amercia's Cup is Coming!! Are you ready San Francisco?
ER seem south closer than RT. With such square letterforms, you can really kern pretty uniformly.
A BIG change starts with a SMALL step.
So glad you were able to come! Just imagine how pretty it is on a sunny day :) RT : This place is gorgeous.
Good moring Portland, the snow says hello.
DC: early voting for mayorhas started. here we go again. A write in campaign? Damn LOPEZ, let it go!!
If you're in the area, stop by Veteran's Glen for a frozen treat. It's a fundraiser for #SWC Spanish-English Conversation Club.
thanks babe!
Prosperity Possession Perspective Providence 2012 Best year of my life
I love my 'Sunday call home' :)
The medium is no longer the, the medium is the experience. - Brian Solis
Todays Deal: $39 for Old Town Chiro Serv. Reg $150! www.DailyGroupSavings.com Great deal, has worked on Charger Players. See Dr. Brad today
Will be teaching Intro to Drama this fall. Thinking about a theme on the permeable body. Eating, shitting, sex, death, disease, medicine.
lol ok I can see occasionally wearing them but the girl I'm talking about wears em daily. No lie.
Try it sometime ;) RT Wait that works?! RT Best pickup line: hey good lookin, what do you like for breakfast?
had a musical epiphany about the winter album...in the process of re-writing 2 of the songs...16 days till recording!
Oh yeah!
I'm SO upset I didn't get a senior shirt hahaha
Poor tippers = extremely unattractive
i dont want to hear it but who u guys playin next yea thats rgt them steelers lol
#SaySometin IS AMAZING .. <3 I'm waiting for it to come on again so I can jam out. (;
#hth2012 Alef: a great talk! (using Moodle, collaborative learning, puralistic and very very engaged!)
“ A best friend is the one person you can never stay mad at, because you have too much important stuff to tell them!”
tweet me '' JAMIE LORDAN WE LOVE YOU '' I'II FOLLOW 10 first what Tweet me 11
Your welcome <3
Achievement Award to Denroy Morgan
Tomorrow it's Friday!!! Yes I have been waiting for this day to come forever lol!
looking for a book | I spied a yellow cover | — writing comedy
aahaha best film ever made. So flawless from start to finish.
Man. Jeremy Lin is really insane. Seriously.
how can i get an interview w/ U? r u gonna B in KY anytime soon, who is my contact? email me at thanks!
Might see more gold though RT : bering sea gold wont match goldrush but i might create a page
Im getting my mic today, I couldn't get it last night. But we'll play some xbl tonight homie
Value won't get much higher. League will adjust, how will he react we don't know. So get a known commodity if possible now
Nothing that i have to share.
as long as you are not at work...
what ru putting in ru lungs? ;)
my heart is perfect because us Swifties, have you inside :)
the New Mexico Lobos are ranked #21 on the new Coaches Poll
I wanna watch the notebook..
Good question, another question could be: Does the value come from comparing the sense of urgency found in both?
Totally. Or Skype at any point!
It's Christmas in the Custer house today :) Got Bath and Body Lotion, Body Wash and Body Spray and a "Sister" Frame. I have stuff waiting
Someone just said soccer > basketball I hate people.
Wanna go to the zoo
#4famouswords you only live once
I agree because is a great person and she is what matters most and nothing can chang that
Per #Christian #fundamentalists salvation is guaranteed by being "saved." Then u can be totally evil the rest of ur life & go 2 heaven. WTF?
Sorry for the delay, things got busy yesterday. But I want to get back to this, if OK. I just want to understand what's going on
drink it first, don't waste all that delicious
feeling extra refreshed! In a #perfectworld, we would get an #extrahour every #Saturdaynight!
Have a wonderful weekend friends!!
With the 24th pick of the 2012 NFL Draft, the Sixburgh Steelers select...
Hey, I'm not coming to the Twin Cities Festival after all, I'm sorry to say. Something big came up in Chi, need to be here.
sounds awful! :)
Can't think straight now
we'll sing it when we're killing him!
pal was pretty amazing<333
yeah you are so mean!!!!
hey would you be interested in going fishing/froggiggin tonight?
OJ ! Who all is gonna be there !
Honestly, I'd love to meet POTUS.
I need to go to the bathroom... FUCK
gurl we be goin early and stayin late to meet his ass <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
TXCV wants to wish everyone a Happy Thanksgiving!
I'm sick as can be :/ I can't talk again...
I've come to realize that Twitter is superb for discovering breaking news, then totally useless for next hour while everyone talks about it
burned 584 calories doing 39 minutes of "Insanity"
Also hiring a VP of Products & Marketing in Austin (job description forthcoming)
Officially opened a joint bank account with my fiance.
“ “ It makes me mad when I be driving and ppl be passing me as if im driving so slow -_-””
What I learned today: Ben Stein has platinum status on USAirways.
when is this webinar? Is there a link on your website?
give me your hand is trending yayyfthghcgjvdgbgjcdy
try the radio 810 am
Lakeshow off to a great start.
Tonight ikah love spins it up. Come see us. Get your drink on to real good hip hop
maybe you should get 2 and make a super table!
*straight face* I'm sorry.
who doesn't?
you are my hero.
and that is the most important issue in all periods of history?
et al...what do you think about the "suggested" social media embargo? i'm feeling a lil' oogy about it.
Its Highschool. Aren't people supposed to grow up ? Guess not -.-
Donate to/sponsor Baltimore scholarship fund for HS juniors, $10-$300 spots available, inquire:
642 undead e-mails, last months bills to pay, audio book playing in itunes, popcorn in the bowl and hot chocolate in the mug. Lets do this!
Just ordered some Domino's Pizza!!!
I love U R AMAZING!!!
can I just say that I'm super jealous that you're seeing the divas! LOVE Kathy Brier!
Heavy rain on the way, so they say. Need sandbags? City is offering them free; pick up at Chula Vista Public Works Ctr, 1800 Maxwell Rd.
everyone i meet tells me i look like her
The only time it's okay to brag about how little time you had to do something is when it's good. "Did this in 8 minutes!" "Sucks equally."
asap got a new project with aarabmuzik tho! That's gonna be tight
i'm vers and YES, i do! it's common courtesy
If you were to have a last meal what would it be? Bonus points if it includes something from Bill Johnsons! ; )
girl please u musta tripped & bumped ya head then tripped again cuz it's obvious tht i miss u way more than u miss me lol ;)
Dinner and a movie with the girls tonight! Any good movies out we should see?
Well, it completely overlaps with the UNC SILS mixer, but it sounds pretty awesome! I'll at least stop in for a drink.
ok I get off at 6 so can we make it like 7 or 7:30?
Lawmaker Wants to Change the Rules for Recall Elections
oops Emmitt I mean :-)
thank u. Fingers crossed cos liverpool uni r awesome x
Anyone reporting the Task Force via Twitter? Please?
I'm sure the students learned a lot from you today. I for one am glad you gave this former student a chance!
Ficelle day party #Union Station! Stay hungry my friends!
The University of Texas Board of Regents cancels fight between Julio César Chávez Jr. and Andy Lee because of border violence
: Takeaway #3 from #VASEN GOP debate: says we need to strengthen Medicare, but supports #RyanPlan to eliminate it
not being on tumblr all day has its advantages. one of my edits of Rupert reached 360 notes.
What work I have done I have done because it has been play
Sal Baldenegro Jr. announces run for House of Rep. in Southern Arizona's new LD2 - Tucson Citizen Sal Baldenegro Jr. announces run for Ho
"Guess I'm not faster than a speeding bullet. Oh well."
u ok
Just dropped triple digits in bowling get at me
Wait, is Paris Geller always on Scandal?! (I don't watch, channel was on abc)
Opposite of love is indifference, not hatred. No relationship is over as long as the hostilities exist.
having the #BEST nite ever!
draw them a map to Clitopia...better for both of ya!
I've created a monster. We've been pilling the cat by wrapping pills in cheese. Now ev time he hears a pill bottle he thinks "cheese treat!"
Les Brown: Live out of your imagination instead of out of your memory.
Thanks for the retweets/mentions ... To be continued...
yes sir Mr. Justin sir
. Optimism. if don't believe you're going to succeed, how will anyone else. higher level: Faith. in ideas and people
We follow!!
THIS SOUND QUALITY IS AMAZING. Alright, fuck registration. I'm a happy camper.
I loved Mathnet! Thanks!
haven't had a chance to check your place out yet but this could be my anniversary pick for next weeks #sweetdate!
Absolutely Amy! Please join the #mlanet12 party!
Opening day for baseball. Cubs are going 162-0 starting tomorrow
of coarse always, next time you're down we're gonna post
Ron Hatari Paul????
Please follow me<3 i love one direction! directioner all the way. hope u guys come to ny soon!
Where have you been? said your coming to tailgate tomorrow !
you look so cute without a hat on!! <3
Great to see you on campus at today. Looking forward to more improv at IMG/SEC retreat in May.
thanks buddy
just followed :)
That guy with the camera next to me in the concert >>>
:l amazon, ebay? downtown... i got this. your birthday is september right? its ok. i got this. ill save up.x)
. is one of my favorite. Always makes me chuckle.
#ICantStandWhen ppl don't use there fucking blinker pisses me off
Drinking box wine, watching Batman Returns in 90 degree heat upstairs. Oh what a night!!
;) sorry, ive been so busy with with stuff. asdfk;l
I need to get a job so I can buy a mac!
#RnBThrowBack You-Jesse Powell
Whether you opt for a kit or build it yourself, it's a great way to cut down on both water use and food costs.
Tea, popcorn with Parmesan, and the notebook<U+2764>
Join us for our Go Red Health Expo at Macy's downtown PDX from NOW until 1:30pm. Free health screenings, fitness demos, massage, cooking...
If you're reading this and are also wearing red pants, please reassess your entire life immediately
will you be there?
Can they release bentencourt now???
You do it once, you can do it again - Steven Monaco
#InstantTurnOn getting hold from the waiste
for the record I did like "Whee!" as a name.
sounds like a great gig! hope to catch the next one
Already , really tho
Everyone hates on Deandre but he's a tru talent.
Equipment picking up tents and barricades at occupy pdx
Man I feel alive!
JaVello reacts 2 sh*t like violent diarrhea resulting from explosive alien babies.
"He was tweetin' shit." <-- expression we should all get behind
conservatives are always really really angry about something
“: Proud of my best friend and teammate Nick Toon... Killed it today running routes and running his 40! Toon ran a 4.38!!"
#AGirlDeserves to be told she's beautiful everyday.
psyched to perform tomorrow with Our concept drawn from far afield...
Panelist Laura DeNardis: "this isn't about higher ed, this is about reputation systems." Open publishing shout out, too. Nice.
did just poke in the cheek during his solo? .... <3
First day of #dplawest down! One more (the big one) to go!
i think i ate too much mole, my tummy hurts :(.
Pulled into Nazareth... Feelin 'bout half passed dead... Just need to find a place where I can rest my head
Hope you enjoyed the TD story! Cheers
I'm sorry about that. If I could've stopped you sooner I would've.
RT : If you're a student interested in a Salt Lake Tribune summer internship, email me, , and I'll send the...
perfect good thing I'll be home for the graduation...kindergarten here we come!!!
it's super easy. 5 pencils, rubber bands, and an iPhone cable.
Mavs crowd is so annoying! Listening to them reminds me how they complained about officiating Sat when we were there #Blazers #'s don't lie
Sitting here with plotting our evil ideas for the weekend (;
Hey mind following back?<U+E328><U+E056>
it's not embarrassing...if anything we have all learned something today
running around all day, but will definitely get back to you ASAP! Sounds like you're doing some really cool stuff! Cheers!
wow, people really need to read your tweets before commenting....keep up the good work!
Idk why i hate the mavericks so much
I appreciate the kind words. Yeah, I'm really over being "open minded" or diplomatic about dangerous and abusive training methods
Laundromat Flow
Real quote: Hey, what's with all of these bugs in my urine cup?
We could probably bro-ify this new guilty pleasure by inventing the "SMASH'd" Drinking Game
I know right! lol
Wow today is going by fast:o)
Tomorrow October 2 is your last chance to get the NMX Ski Card for the early season price of $125. Price goes to $149 on Monday!!!
i just laugh at bitches likee you.
Thanks for checking out the Timeline study! I'd love to re-connect one of these days to share the latest on
no idea lmfao
The creative act thrives in an environment of mutual simulation, feedback and constructive criticism in a community of creativity – Anon
I will be there too!
treating others w/ decency & respect is the issue not “hazing”. Initiation can be done safely/in good fun, why so knee-jerk?
100% OF THE PROFIT-100% OF THE TIME!! We can manage your customers, Produce your billing and supply the services, giving you 100% profit!
I followed you again mane.
lol well thank you.
You must not have enjoyed being caught. Don't fret: when you die, you'll find it much easier to get around.
follow back..
Ramon Sessions was a great pick-up for the Lakers. Definite upgrade over the fossil Derek Fisher.
Bo beau OB crispy brussel sprouts, pancetta, shaved reggiano, red curry mussels SD best new restaurant.
#Cerebralpalsy drug may offer hope for treatment | Fox News via
Be innovative, provide value and quality, that's how you make money. Not by doing the same thing every day
I want a wanna wanna cheeseburger :((
Good Morning & Happy Monday. Lots to do... have a wonderful day!
You have done good. Now take a breath; call you're Mom. I'm sure she's very proud...a mom in Milwaukee appreciating your words
it doesnt matter you smiled!
*CUTTING* BOX 29-9 2600 blk Park Heights Terrace adult male stabbed critical condition Fire/EMS units treating/transporting
hold up im brainstormin :p
*reads message and shakes head* lol
A must-#FF-- is in da house! Drummer , poet, litmag editor of The Cultural Society, Great to see u!
I have the Starlight Run in 1 month and I am so not ready.
Once you accept the idea that ancient artwork is based on math and geometry, a whole new world opens up to the dedicated scholar.
Stomach bug recovery treatment: Lots of liquids. Easy foods like crackers. Rest and sleep. Romantic comedies on Netflix Streaming.
Nothin is given, go get it, its urs!!!
your hair is soo curly in this gifboom you made!!!! :D
Haven't been on in so long :( can't wait for #teenwolf to come back <3
The purposeful sensationalism of the press & the profound ignorance & naïveté of the armchair mob to lap it up never ceases to amaze.
"You want to become aware of your thoughts, you want to choose your thoughts
BYE FANNY PAK:-)
I really don't feel like my normal self, this is depressing!!
we hate our life. plain and simple. lol
"When it comes to success, there are no shortcuts." -- Trevor Hoffman, at the retirement of his number
Need to cut 2000 words out of this bloody thesis still! Oh found an unnecessary the, make that 1999!
RT : Enjoyed 's talk at #SIGIR about social networks and Twitter. Great stuff about why teens enter fake info in prof ...
Newbridge Home Loans = Closing Loans FHA - VA - Conventional - Commercial Loans - Private & Hard Money Loans..www.newbridgehomeloans.com
HEY WHT DOWN.!?
omg what did i get myself into
Why am I the only one who still likes Sarah Palin? Didn't you guys watch her reality show? She is salt of the earth, good people & funny!
follow and please :D x47
u shower u smelly bastard
Harry Potter star attempts to escape his famous role
He wouldn't go to Denver. They have horse face jr
I swear to god boys get more hormonal than girls do.
huh what?
you're a butthole. c:
I GET MONEY FROM NIGGAS ONNA DAILY WAT MAKES U THINK IMA BREAK OFF ANYBODY LOL
That video makes me love you a million times more.
teacher in Randolph ma looking for some globetrotter tickets. If anyone can help?
May 17th 7pm ET TWITTER CHAT Lupus dermatological issues w/ Activist
thanks for following me !:)
IN THE BED ABOUT TO GO PUNCH YO BROTHER IN LAW CAUSE IM TRYNA CUDDLE & HE KNOCKED OUT ON THE COUCH
I loved Will Clark (even though I was a huge Athletics fan as a kid)!
Let me.know if youre the type of person who helps everyone but when u need just a lil favor no one even answers you
Happy Mother's Day! May your day be filled with joy, peace and love.
bethanar: good morning/evening/dragged-from-the-pit-of-jet-lag-time all! I'm home! n'awlins is awesome, #sla2010 rocked, may spend rest ...
No problem! Keep up the great work- Have a great day
im all into the tv
French Sheep Dog
it's really sad hiding all my pictures with Rho Chi's
Trying to reach someone at Sales in your office but no one answers the phone. What's the best way to talk to a person?
I am 15 min from Wrigley! Over there what seems like every weekend. Such a cubs fan or a drunk? Lol
“: Are there any studies that have proven that rejection causes hunger? #feedme” grindin'
All the warmth just left my body. It's over. It's actually over. You'll forever be in your hearts
Tonight's gonna be big though cause the #Wranglers open w/ Game 1 of the Kelly Cup Finals tonight against the Florida
picture now
I cannot grant your wishes but I can fuck you I always wanted to fuck you!!!
I bought my dyson at the Target on McKnight.
to NYC today; timing is everything.
Important to know what your website looks like on a mobile device
FOLLOW MY FRIEND >> << :) PLEASE PPLEASE PLEASE :)
Stadium's fileing out. I wouldn't want to watch us right now either. This has been horrible to look at.
Is it wise for a corp. to commit their entire yearly marketing budget & not be open to new opportunities that come along during the year?
Hey that unscramble sure beats picture in a picture. Just sayin.
your more then welcome
Follow your dreams, just not too closely
Pitt football, Penguins, and the Steelers. Oh my! Try not to forget about Dave and Andys. We are serving up Oatmeal Raisin Cookie Ice Cream!
seriously?! LMFAO!! I only do the two in case a notification comes in simultaneously and cancels one. Crazy. Lol
The Majic gotta step they game up. Its
watch tv
Tried to be as productive as possible today only to fnd out that every place I needed 2 be was closed in observance of New Years on Jan 2nd?
u will never follow me righ :(
I wanna meet she is my idol. I love her so much
Today, think not of yourself, but for the betterment of someone else
I'm so, so very sorry. This is never easy. Sending you virtual hugs.
We did - together with Kris Wetterlund at Sandbox Studios. Thanks for the compliment! Very fun board!
gonna watch the midnight premiere of the hunger games.
I don't know much about her. Saw her on SNL and was not very interested.
You're a Mets fan
Where is budget records?
Support independent artists!
As a pro DJ & amateur tennis player, I am always preparing for my sets. What are you focused on?
yo u just emailed about promotions k.e emailed me today about my music i think he want to work with me my email is deante17
Maybe I should add that I'd be less annoyed with the people at baggage claim.
R.I.P. Donna Summer...
that or it's got a creepy mike tyson complex.
you think??
TONIGHT @ 5440 Penn Ave: Vintage fashions & housewares from Shannon Merenstein & Food from &
haha thanks. We'll work on it for you
it's his best by a considerable distance still, I think.
Presidio 10 miler next month, then WF Long are on the docket. More races being considered.
Safe to say this is the last game of Baron Davis's career sad but true
Which reminds me... Had a deep conversation the other night about life and what it means to create and give life to the world. How do you?
I cant wait till May 24th ...
Way to go Memphis you fucked me over
Braun is in the lineup.
Kevin Hart have you on the floor?
Getting drunk, clubbing, fist pumping like <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
basically not tryna get nobody "off"
Thank you so much. Book will be released very soon. I would say within a couple of weeks unless there are glitches.
in 4 years we will meet then!! Haha oh boy. Or an adub concert. Since im stalking them this summer...wait what?
Goal of the Day: Ice cream...donuts...chips...think of one item that you shouldn't eat and commit to reducing your intake of that item.
m you need to work out more....join me at the gym also known as gay church lol
Have a question? Don't want to call? Chat live with the ladies of Showcases at www.showcases1.com
it probably wasn't a good idea to mention a roundtrip in front of TK :)
Tips for Arts & Humanities Month - Learn a friendly greeting in another language. Celebrate the humanities everyday!
This storm is great! Haha with Alex Austin Blake and Chase(:
Did she send it to you?
Big Pun Was That Nigga Tho
A very rough day!! When is the weeks out of the Leadoff spot talk going to start?
Mr Beards class
I second Jayne's, also is parentally lovely. But hey--Dick's Last Resort has ambiance too! ;-)
My daughters Epic 21st bday is ova! Tomorrow I start radiation. In 6 weeks I might be done with these treatments *fingers crossed*
I really need to start running again. Ahahah :P
thunder in 5
In Biology Sleepy A'f.
Come with us May 19 :)
Just emailed Craig about a cool fitness story idea! Hope to hear back soon! Thanks :)
Kentucky will play Georgetown in the Big East-SEC challenge this season.
Portland Trail Blazers are winning 64-33 in the 3rd quarter against oklahoma.
Cleaning my aunts house brings back old memories. :)
Plus, anyone who didn't bet the over on KP's total is feeling pretty good right now :)
I'm out at the Graffito for my birthday dinner with my mom and dad! There 1st time here.
my won't arrive until May 14th :\
Aulophobia- Fear of flutes
Thank you
I got that e-mail from them, too! It made me nostalgic.
Best wishes for great movies and great moments with friends and loved ones in 2012!
I hate it here. My family is the least supportive ppl I've ever fucking met. Screw you guys. I'm on my own.
I absolutely love Safari... I'll never stray from you
THAT'S JUST HOW I TYPE...NO ALTERNATIVE EXPRESSIONS, I'M CHILL...
I can't wait to hear all the DIY jokes about the new IKEA HDTV!
Interesting debate that mirrored the exact one we had when I was in law school. I think it was good for other students to see debate.
lol if I dnt get hungry
Helping residents stay cool. Gatorade & Water! High Quality H20
Have been using a program called Gas Mask on my Mac
hanging out with yo peoples?
Oh irony...
RT: If someone is genuinely trying, don't keep bringing up their past. It takes courage to change. Just support them.
are you in Bloomington?
why are you still in Anderson?!
The Philadelphia Union stadium is actually in Chester, about 1/2 hour away. Very nice it is too.
Back to work. So many story ideas. Where do we start?
Will do! Thanks for the heads up!
I never settle for good...only GREAT!
The only thing weirder than black chewing gum is finding some deposited on one's own nightstand and not knowing how it got there
Yes please! Christmas special + wine + xmas tree decorating =
I think I'm goin to try to stay away from the strip this weekend
#DrakeCriesWhen I beat him at connect 4.
Why does Florida smell like farts? Anybody?
ha real funny..
What's shakin'? Where you been?
i saw the an all Twyla Tharp program tonight. I don't know if you've seen her but I see a lot of Tharp in your choreo!
PHAME sends congrats to U of P player Micaela Capella for winning tonight's round 3 - PHAME still earns $3500 from generous donors!
Why does the world as I know it, keep on bringing me down?
Happy Easter everyone!!!
lol what was wrong with my statement?
The law suit against the NFL, is nothing more than a money grab. How many of these former players are broke?
does that qualify you as the 6th member and/or being related to a member of ? No. So, there's your answer
Hm. What kind of treats? Worth missing a mid day hockey game?
did you end up getting a new car negro?
This is making me think of our personality colors... maybe they should be on our business cards!
AP is having a sale; including 2 of my wishlist prints. Why do i not have a job right now ;-;
Seeks legal recruiter to work w/one of NYCs leading atty recruiters. Prior exp a +. comp competitive.
Screw the haters and the people who cause pain you are worth it so much more than people may say you are
We got extremely lucky. It's a tough business to work with. -Lloyd Banks
NO I DIDN'T!!
I like a girl with a lil height.
It should be a crime to put soy sauce in a hot sauce. Taco Bell, you lose. forever, vato.
RT : RexCon exhibiting a vintage Rex concrete mixer at World of Concrete, stop by North Hall Booth N445
Can we pretend this NEVER really happened?
The Firemen had axes. Glad those weren't necessary.
waiting for and !!!
#princetonreview cheated on tests and attendance cards for no children left behind. Really?? This is how we teach our kids?
You should meet her, she's really nice. I think you'd like her.
Happy weekend! Entertaining? PPL has LOTS of cookbooks...try your hand at Indian, Italian or something new!
Great job on #idol tonight!!! You did amazing tonight :)
loll. dramatic contingency planning.
New Icon !1 What chu al think?
BOO BUS PUB CRAWL! 4 PUBS 1 NIGHT - HARP, BLACK ROSE, RC'S, & TRINITY - FREE - TWEET ME TO RESERVE A SPOT ON THE BUS!
Nick: Hey look outsideMe:ugh okay Nick:tell me why it looks like it's 6:30 but it's really only 6:25! #nationalbestfriendday NickEtienne2
I love u even when u don't deserve my love.
Hallelujah is right RT A place in #Newton Centre that isn't a bank or a place selling slacks for Grampa!
Gabriela - he suffers nothing to draw him aside
Just got an account! Excited to play around with it. Love the idea of Pandora-esque "art genome" project.
Do you ever have those days where u wish you could empty your entire apartment and redo the whole thing? Id get rid of so much. *GarageSale
this Thursday feels like Monday ... :(
Marathon Petroleum: Midstream strategic alternatives evaluation process update
Haha. Honestly, I'm not even surprised.
most city hotels don't so I don't go anywhere without my jumprope. Totally almost took out a lamp though...
#thewalkingdead... incredible ending. Wish I didn't have to wait so long for some more
It's 5! First 5 people to tell me the name of Toby Keith's Album with the song Red Solo Cup on it, wins a spot on our guestlist! GO!
let me know when you get here. I am downstairs in the restaurant area waiting for u guys
Thought about working in Bellevue for a couple of hours. Reflex put me back in my car & straight to the Hill LOL
Don't be snooty booty
great half eagles! 20 more minutes...
I've voted my outfit best use of color. Holler.
Anytime my friend. I love me some WordPress.
Thanks for the support!
Yeah! Super excited! Not sure when I leave yet. End of July or beg of August. I REALLY want to meet while there!
send me a pic
Thank you Solutions for supporting the #ourkidsyourkids for
#HungerStrike63Days and Israel still can't fabricate anything to charge Khader Adnan with?
pretty please 8D
Have you voted yet? One hour left!!!
The only food I have consumed over the past 3 days has been from McDonald's.
We SO need a virtual assistant!
Getting ready for my 7 mile urban hike through Mt. Tabor this morning!
To be fair, I just stood next to her at a cocktail party. But I will nevertheless accept your envy.
What's the story behind the mom protesting on Watertown Plank this wk, sign says her kid is in treatment & she is forbidden to see him?
working while watching the caps game -- two websites go live on Monday, JHU and a national car care brand
The zipper on my lucky brand jeans won't stay up. I wonder if they are hinting at something.... or someone ;) haha
We didn't want to interrupt your viewing of Fast Five. Sorry.
But, if Rockets win tonight and end up in a 3-way tie with Mavs & Suns at 36-30, Suns would lose out.
no. He got kicked out.
how? Do you get naked and run around? Doesn't sound crazy to me!
Photos frequently separated from the names of creators (sometimes intentionally)
Excited to see the whole Blonde Crew reunited in over ten years on Saturday!
was thinking I maybe need a drink depending on what time you are going
Bad start. Lost half my stack.
Yeah, its just so sun-shiny, I'm immediately suspicious that its some plan for privatized schooling.
Couple a's b'zc's bad bitch double d's poppin e's i dont give a f told ya imma g
Nina Simon says no money, no bullshit as community engagement.
Playing at Lilly's tonight in Lincoln Park with and company. Let's make music! 9:30pm hit.
Agreed there. And it's tough knowing exactly when to go to the doc anyway. I always second-guess myself for $$ sake.
I know I'm a geek bc when I read the words, "free full text" I get so excited.
Relationships with faculty. Curriculum mapping for collection development and library instructional design.
Your CSR/sustainability and brand voice must be the same - Henk Campher
Funny when on tour I meet a local the day of gig that acts very interested in my music only to say "I'll come hear U next time I'm in NY!"
hey hey buddy china~ good morning~ love you my dear buddy~ have a great day and take care <3
Shiiiiiiiiiiiiiid u got me tangled n twisted! RT : Y'all probably be the main 1's runnin from it! Lol
Love hearing more about MSFT System Center for virtualizing and incorporating a cloud structure.
What do you have plained for the big 6-0-sixty. October friday the 13th?.
Tyler Hansbrough is going to push Bosh to get mean as the series progresses. Scrappy ,passionate have never described Bosh. Great matchup
Hippie Hallow is a great one that is super close. Or we have have bunch of great trails here on property.
That is why I am way over here!!
I haven't been to the gym in 5 days
We are all part of something beautiful.
It's a CONSPIRACY.
nothing & you !! how you been <3
Treating myself to a movie date.
two weeks from today, we will be alums of brookwood high.
im w/ u sister he is
I'm sure you trying to make a point, I'm just not sure I'm getting it though.
T2: more like "aging in Community," like the "village" idea - support of neighbors
who told you?
Washing like laundry soap?
lol!! That's what he says but mine is like super lightly shaded and small and his is like big and freakin solid black hahah
#allgamejobs #jobs this one is for the heavy hitters, need an online systems architect for a big time role in NYC. Ping for more!
Dear -- great job reporting that the Brewers are in 2nd place. The Diamondbacks are 15-2 and in FIRST place.
Went out with a bloke last night who marinated in Joop! Nice... Next?
I have an hour to get ready now.
Sorry, no streaming. We will be tweeting results here RT : Is there a link to watch the show streaming?
when do #battleship come out tho?
#iJustLoveItWhen - you wake up with the Morning text from that special someone!
Study: Antarctic ice melting from warm water below
$tay Busy! Sleep=Broke!
RT : #AMuslimIs someone you would love if you would just stop fearing him/her
Flowers rock!
Mixing the new records is just about done. is treating us right.
#thingsthatmakemesmile my random crazy
MyWayDay! “You have your way.I have my way. As for the right way, the correct way, and the only way, it does not exist.”-Friedrich Nietzsche
yay I finished. sort of. Bed time lol z
And guess what, , Harbach is coming for an Author Talk! xo to you and Linda.
blood trail all the way down to the nurses office
Florida Panthers can clinch its first playoff berth since 1999-2000 with a home win Tuesday vs. Winnipeg.
I Think Alot Of People Have A Crush On Peyton I Do! But Im Not Obbsessed Like Alot Of Other Dudes
What doesn't kill you might come back to finish the job off so keep your wits about you
Day after xmas, the united flight that never was: 5 hrs in o'hare, delay, delay, canceled, rebook, delay. joys of xmas travel.
whatwhatwhat?! RT : So Obama, Stephen Colbert, and Jimmy Fallon are all at UNC today?
Made it to sf! There appear to be 2 crazy people here for every normal. Hope they come to the show! Doors
The first instinct in a crisis is to act immediately. Just do something. But take the time for a viable plan.
Nun much just back home.
Thanks for following! We love you & your tweets!
no grad school then?
ok so i just follow them or something wat should i do
Chillin in this boring ass class eatin as usual lol
It took me a long time to find them
Retweet this if you like laughing (:
Goodbye, AWP. Hello, sleep.
Mitt Romney really thinks his dog WANTED to ride in a cage on top of his car for 12 hrs rather than IN the car?
"yes" I needa type it tho.
lol okay margarita first
I wasn't kidding
Sometimes, the only thing you can do for a person is to come along side of them and cry.
If by "grown" you mean "burned into my retinas" I'm there with you!
Miso soup and yogurt covered pretzels and good company. Keeping my head above water. Things I did today.
No better time than the present.
Only a couple of hours to open our Etsy shop! Aren't you excited? We are!!
Okieeeee. Have fun sir. I'll talk to you in a mo'.
Multimedia Software Developer: Ulead Systems
Can stem cell therapy help diabetic retinopathy?
Thank you to for today's Webinar!
everytime someone cuts me off, i say "oh, cool" out loud.
Busy week /:
Hope is patience with the lamp lit. Tertullian 160 ~ 240, Roman
Len needs to stay out of foul trouble. Our only chance is with him and Padge on the floor.
tell em what they wanna hear, move on..
Hello Cindy thanks for the follow...I will follow you as well. What are some of your writing topics...?
anyone ever tell u - u look like the chick on finding bigfoot?!!
what up fam
no way. Its. Reason Kobe has a ring and AI doesn't. And a reason AI is no longer in the NBA.
Chillin at home...may go to da casino in a minute.
Our first tweet! Thank you Twitter! We here at UR Hollywood look forward to bringing you the business like no other! We call it The Biz!
Count on it.
love it! Rock that shit
Sometimes it's good to cry things out, but I wish it didn't have to be this way.... :'(
That is fantastic -- congratuations, and welcome to the ROC!
way to defer responsibility.
time, mixed with love, patience, and leavened by sweeter memory
Awe was wif me n to
In the next 20 plus days friends and family will be here in #vegas to celebrate Amy and my Union! I'm very excited!
Everyone keep your fingers crossed that it doesnt rain on satruday!!!
o.O
I can honestly say I'm happy. I haven't felt sincerely great like this for a long time.
RT : "You know what we need in this country? To get less shit done in the senate" - Indiana GOP logic
Enjoyed the new music video. Pretty sweet!
I'm in here now, Dream. At 4am!! Come on in! ;-)
IF U LOVE HARRY STYLES FOLLOW SHE LIVES IN HARRY'S KITCHEN!!!!!!!
Maybe I'm not remembering it all that well, but it certainly seems like February was warmer than April this year. Strange times.
MY FINGER HURTS SO BAD! it's like burning! ughughughughughhh!
Brandon is amazing. <3
U r welcome! yes indeed!!!
Watching Billy Crystal host the Oscars tonight is like visiting someone in hospice. Just watching them slowly die.
Ugh so sleepy :/z
Yes, Bobcats and NBA team are 2 different categories that are not interchangeable.
So I am no longer Chava Turk Tyj but still can't tweet everyone including billy Burke and kelly clarkson
Sneezing & driving is very dangerous
Going to see think like a man act like a lady wit my man dat if he dnt change his main to go see sum else
I still don't know the exact day I'm going up north but I'll let u know :)
Fina pick her up n ride around the city on my bike
Me: "Let's take 10 minutes to discuss what 'queer' might mean." Student: "The dis-identification with hetero-normativity." Me: "Um. Yeah."
too late!
me to Need to wash clothes!!!”
I have a headache :(
This and Crumpler very popular >>> RT when he hit Vick going in for the TD in the playoffs. Best part the TD was called back.
A little late to #ynpnchat and #fundchat, feel like I'm watching a tennis match trying to catch up!
Register for "pantherFILE-Web Client" course on Tuesday, Dec. 7th. It's the last FREE short course of the semester. www.shortcourses.uwm.edu
Pantalones en fuego. You were only awake for half of that game.
many thanks Ted!
that's one of my favorite things in older tv shows and movies. I spotted jack black in bye bye love the other day.
how'd they do it -- VoiceMemo app or other app?
I'm having so many problems,I can't hold it much longer. is your lil brother home?
Disco day was great!!! We hope everyone had an awesome time!
Dear #recallwalker signature gatherers, today and 4 weeks from now we vote. You got us here. Thank you.
I'm sorry, but we didn't order any of the pain in the ass.
And I wouldnt catch you hung up on somebody that you used to know!!
Wood & 5th would actually be bigger concern to me; artics + obnoxious valet parkers seems like bad combo.
Working on the new album...coming out soon
Christmas Eve is flying, but at least I'm not flying on Christmas Eve! Thankful!
definitely, but treason!
Is it possible to do an internship Studios?
I hate it when they use a lot of text in a video - kinda defeats the purpose
Huge road win! So proud of our guys. They just fought and battled all game.
should notice me someday(:
I FOLLOWED HER :)
Where the fight party at??
you're madd funny!
hopefully when i wake up in the morn will follow me
I'll leave your cold soup at the top of the stairs
what happens on June 12?
Check out the site. The problems U mentioned earlier shld B fixed. We R all excited 2 have a new site up & running
Critics were right - #NYR don't have much offense.
Can't wait for tomorrow, going to sharonda house! (:
Question: What's worse than flying? Answer: Absolutely nothing...FACT
So nice outside. Makes me want to not do any work and go lay out side.... in a perfect world...
Saturday! What Happened In Vegas, Rival Summers and Phone Calls From Home at the iLounge! Who's coming?!
This trailer is just simply amazing. Please watch and consider supporting my good friend, Master Illusionist I!...
class act
My mother was a real woman
umm where did u go? Lol
I'm going to bed after a hard day of converting oxygen to carbon dioxide.
responded again
Updating my profile!
getting soo exctied for NEW YORK CITY again with my faves
Spending my day interviewing some of the top chefs in the Twin Cities. Not a bad gig.
Depeche Mode is amazing!
Where Justin going to school at
If you have a topic that you would like to discuss DM me and I'll add it to the discussion. Please RT and tell your friends!
I like to play around with these. They are all simple and recreational. I use deco planner three on my pc
I really fucked that tweet up.
Greg is on message, even on his birthday! RT : . is back on the campaign trail, and back on Twitter. Follow him today.
I just died. I don't even care if she was funny. I just love her.
NO ONE UNDERSTANDS HIW HAPPY I AM THAT AUSTIN'S COMING BACK TO NEW YORK!!!
This nigga made Juan Gonzales better. LOL Whaaaaaa?? I don't even know how.
made ME finish!
#JayZSyncShow Probably the best show you are not at
2nd tour! Come find us in east village. Next up Bub's!!
Brio restaurants in New York A Family Brand Classic Italian Fare, High Quality Food, modern decor Its Home!
Just cried watching give birth on #SisterWives. I'm a mess!
#Pandora turned up
The first being, i'm the 5th therapist they've gone through. 2nd, they're in denial about his Downs.
On my last day I'm gonna tell everybody how I feel/felt about them
you're very welcome! It was great to see you guys as well:) you all did amazing!
RT : Be cool if I could check my email on my fridge.
RT : what engineering field are you studying >> mechanical
who did you hear that from? I haven't heard that at all
You know you're a cheap caffeine addict when you are anxiously counting down the minutes until #Starbucks frappy hour starts
not to mention the recent probation that's dug them the hole that's taken them forever to get out of they never remember.
good night
"Moneyball means finding undervalued attributes through the data" this is coming to recruitment -
I am in the mood to make some easter art. Will dig through bunny stuff tonight and start in morning...
<--Pretty much! Tell them small hefers 2 stay quiet! Big girls r talking & big money walking!
Watching #Grease (: Love that movie!!!!!!!
I mean come on i have friends and a boyfriend for that matter i shouldnt feel like this
Unfortunately, no. He was really subtle, so they can see how uncomfortable I was and how I moved his hands, but not bad touch.
Happiness starts with, one word. One joke. One text. One phone call. One song. One hug. One kiss. And stops with, one mistake..
Agree. Must increase profit, reduce cost, gain competitive advantage, or increase the value of the biz or it's a waste.
#fatassprobz don't seem to be your thing.. Spanish food, and delish though.
#MayDay protests and game... Today's commute ain't gonna be pretty...
you are so slow!!!!
That moment when you get to your class late and everyone is starring at you.
Love each other or perish
Welcome new followers and - thank you!
My sister just said "sex"
Scott Fortune's 'Falsely Accused' book signing at Books & More in Wilmington, Ohio this Saturday @ 2pm.
Most leaders aren't born w/ extraordinary abilities; rather, they develop skill sets by learning, practicing, refining them daily.-JW
I don't believe Floyd "Woman Beater" Mayweather is all altruistic about supporting gay marriage...
Oh And member if u have a guy friend that your really close 2 and want 2 date, some can run friendships after you break up.
Finally at my aunts house in California ! Haha
I see. To be honest, I don't really know what the Droplr limit is but I think it's 25MB per file, perfect for quick sharing.
yes!!! You better come back this summer my dude!
#EarthWindAndFire will be performing at Wolf Trap Park on June 21st!
Teaching business class tonight on tech and social media. Thought I should twitter for the discussion.
Lowkey I didnt put no music on that mix because of them jerseys smh....
I love how she is a mini version of me :)
You both have awesome taste! RT: Chocolate covered ones RT : Sunbelt Chocolate Chip Chewy Granola
but im not one of those wild crazy chicks, that just a nightime hobby. i get sober very quickly
just did the same...SunTrust is no better. Adding checking and debit fees
Monday. I think I'll start a all-girl folk band called Mary, Kate and Ashley Olson.
now that commish onboard, when will they decide on expansion. ESPN/CBS want to know if UofL still in BE before new deals done
i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u<U+2661>
The new World Trade Center becoming America's newest middle finger towards terrorism. #TFM. via
im praying for my babe right now... i hope everything is going well..
I was indeed sleeping, but you wouldn't have woken me up. I don't hear my phone. Lol.
Decisions decisions
but it is on #CBS online
hey there
Sycamores maintain the lead at halftime, 38-26. looking good so far.
claro a mi no me contestas
what's <3 got 2 do wit it got 2 do wit it! What's <3 got 2 do wit u buying my cookiaaa!! Lol ^.^
#twitteroff. Going to the homies. Glad to have you back Ben!
haha I know i think I got some good ones for you!
this whole thing is gross. Suggestive of massive program incompetence
lets take a trip to the motha fuckin slaughterhouse.
Good call! RT 'Don't use the word engagement. Customers don't use it, so don't use it, it's just a fat word'.
Hi. I'll do #FFs later but thanks for the Follow. :)
So has already declared that the death on Madison was the city's fault, more specifically Sam Adams for putting lane there.
For now, seeing Gspurning in goal for instead of is like watching fake Kramer in that Seinfeld episode
One nice thing about working with women is that I always know how the temperature in the library feels.
Can someone deliver me some coconut water and a new liver please?
Do you know who was moderating for Schiller in the Big Babies panel?
No riding today, but there's always tomorrow.
On my way to court..smh wish me luck
#Posterous is having all sorts of technical glitches since being acquired by #Twitter. Can't post reliably or access my sites.
Huh? wait, what? My wife says I should do that RT I am acquainted with no immaterial sensuality so delightful as good acting.
"I'm not a 'sexy' 'beautiful' woman." –Megan Fox #Don’thatemebecauseI’mbeautiful,hatemebecauseI’maliar
excellent observation
Test to see who's reading my posts. So, leave me a one-word comment about your day that starts with the third letter of your first name.
Oh, HELL yeah. Love me some
Why's that?
Shawty´s like a melody in my head That I can´t keep out Got me singin´ like Na na na na everyday
Anyone that says something sketchy I can say "are you willing to take a lie detector test for that?" lol
I am sending my first tweet - TWEET :)
My 3 year old sister singing Part of Me by Katy Perry >>>>>>>> it's an overload of cuteness. Omg haha ^.^
The Crimson Armada, Attila, and Chelsea Grin were just so Dam amazing last night.. Well, a few hours ago.
The idea is simple: to try and make $1M (US) by selling 1,000,000 pixels for $1 each. $800K would then be donated to cancer research!
My line to my vegetarian date: "It'll be nice to sit and watch you eat while I drink tap water." I tease.
Boo, I thought today was Saturday! One more day. Grhhh!
if your choosing between a friend and a lover decide who's going to be there longer .
VERY soon! :)
great! How bout u boo?
Yes sub for 2nd block I'm in a great mood to free periods :-)
Still didn't watch the last 2 Survivor episodes. Too sleepy now. I'll read 1 1/2 pages of my book and then doze off like an 80 yr old. poo
Scene it pisses me off.
"A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd." - James Crook RT
1100 is the number of Arabian nights added to the number of problems Jay Z has.
& I are still plugging away
Of course. I mentioned it at least 4 times this month.
When Vin left i cried every night for a week...It is gonna be sad watching them dance on abdc without Vin but its gonna cool to see Julian(:
Hi Sherane! I have some items to bring by today for the #ClosetSwap on Sunday. When is a good time to drop them off?
Still have questions that didn't get answered at the meeting yesterday, tweet and we will try to answer them
#notsotwittersavvy for your pleasure instead of FYI.
Yeah I'm class thank you! What's your fave band/song? X
Live quick, die quicker
I've been seeing them by the truckload- someone must like them. ;) They are actually banned in some of the hotels around here!
Good idea: quick stop at In-N-Out in my on my way to LAX
Soon I will have four eyes...I'm getting glasses.
No winking, no. I'm just awkward. And clumsy. And I stutter.
Kevin Sumlin's #CougarHigh blows conference title game. So, yes, he's a perfect fit for the Ags. You're hired!
no CBI or intramural football love?
He is a racist, that is why John stayed in his seat!
I can't wait either , I want this day to go by fast.
This is how you know I wanna do something im cleaning the whole upstairs ! #GottaBribeTheParents lol
Warning: Dates in calendar are closer than they appear.
Sighh planned on leaving canada early Dec, but now having a $10million gtd sunday mil on 12/18, $2m up top for a $215 bi, nutty
Off to the beach!
You rule! I thought i already was....
guess i like the way you smile with your eyes other guys see it but dont realise ha its m-m-my lovin. - niall horann <3
How I Met Your Mother session, my big giraffe, tea, and my boyfriends big sweater. <U+2615><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><U+2764>
I need to write a program to organize docs and PDFs ... Anyone have a starting point?
Christopher Plummer wearing navy velvet #FTW!
Good news, bad news
Leadership - I light my candle from their torches.
team America world police. Plain and simple.
What a blessed 2011! I can't wait to see what 2012 holds! May you all be blessed with the love, joy & peace of Christ in the new year!!!
that's there as well but his passing & ability to run an offense are too damn good.
looks like fun! I did something maybe like that to train student consultants about packet routing many moons ago...
He did not die because he had a hoodie, he died because some pig shot him in cold blood and is not paying for his crime!!
I wanna go on I think id kill that shyt...hm
DG personality type: very withdrawn.
nice on all accounts.
I bought a fish, named it after my ex-boss and flushed it down the toilet. It's really the little things in life.
Send in your pictures of your flow now! So we can check out whats out there..
Just seen the funnist shit ever my nigga just fought the playmakerz cashier because he didnt give him a refund on his shoes
The moon rise was beautiful in CA last night too! HUGE but faint pastel because it was still light out. Camera out tonight!
On that note, I've become increasingly interested in hip-hop scholarship. Any seminal works I should seek out first?
: sometimes you just have to stop though. What IS this story you're telling.
Thank you!
We will announce the names of the winners when we open ticket sales Monday morning, March 19th.
welcome! now, good luck on keeping up w/ instapaper back file. Plus no NYT stories (even if you save each page) will really save.
Anyone know of a good list of database vendors with mobile versions?
Not as much as you enjoy tweeting strippers it appears...
yea he does have Twitter
I think my parents don't understand that I have depression and still do
Timofay Mozgof needs to spend all off season working on his 3-ball...
Not really fair to compare FB friends of "GM," since people use GM's brands, not the corp.
Couple dozen protesters turn their backs on Gov. Scott Walker as he lights Capitol Christmas tree.
Dedication: MARIA GUEVARRO, I love you 2, Miss you 2. I am sorry. RIP.
LA, SF or Tokyo?
bakin' a plain* cake
if I could I'd "like" this.
Merry Christmas to everyone! :)
You are in for a treat. Samoa's or whatever they are called are my FAV!
Actually celebrating cinco de mayo in a Mexican restaurant.
Wit bianca kikin back at the hospital B)
I always thought he was behind the couch. Good luck with your pregnancy! And get as much sleep as possible now.
Guess you better tell phone is about to die. Night everyone.
ATL would beat simple plan with out a doubt but I think jack would be evenly matched with David :)
Heading to Alpaugh Scholars mtg with at the Looking forward to discussing economic development.
Are you sure - tv reporting wounded.
Got gnuplot installed on OpenBSD. Problem with Boost (I think) on HippoDraw, so no joy there.
Well-that was not the way I thought the day would go-however between the many trips to the water closet -I did work a bit. Now-back to work
& sad “: via : Council made mods but passes the ped & bike improvements & NVa. install in 6 weeks. Ironic”
Trip up to Rochester. Don't miss out! Or Utica Club.
i wanna take a twitter break but idk if i should :/ should i or not?
Going to lay down with my hot lady!!!
thank you! U think u can find out for me by Monday? Cause I'll hold tix for you so that i don't sell out yet
How about some good wholesome romantic " Art of Noise"- Moments in Love
are you fucking kidding me dimitri? Are you fucking serious? You're lucky I don't fuck you up the next time I see you.
supply-side economics started on a napkin sketch of a bell curve. the whole story is fascinating.
Austin is 16 here in the UK:')
Thank you for the press pass & for a live tweet opportunity. Love the show!
? What do models for native education look like?
man I missed mikey!!!!!! FML): only if I was online when he was!
Thank you! :D
just saw your Italian Stallion and agan he asked if you were working ! I think he has a crush :-)
"either i find a way or i make one" www.smirkclothing.com
don't get away game tickets but you know I've got you when you are back in the MIA!
I really enjoyed your blog.
It's depressing to look at pics for a house you know you can afford at asking price, but know you can't by the end of the bidding war.
So jel! I love that relient k makes you think of me<3
#nowwatching A little piece of heaven-Avenged Sevenfold(:
Clark, thanks for the follow.
Game on! (by the way...very nice interview)
2 finals 6/23, 1 midterm Monday, another class starts too. Looking forward to getting out of town in July. Any good shows we should go to?
Morning! morning everyone
Who is Basil Marceaux and will he be Tennessee's next governor?
BE (Business Empowerment) Networking Event: D'OR after work Thursdays (204 w. 55th St.) 2 for 1 Drinks 5-7pm | Everyone FREE w/BE Network
Thanks for the update! Loving the game so far. Everyone's fervor regarding server status simply re-enforces that view.
New Jersey: Gov. Chris Christie lifts spirits of New Jersey winemakers with law to loosen sales restrictions. Via Press Of Atlantic City
me too fam me too
But congrats!
Dear Santa, Can I please have under my tree :) I've been a good mahomie :D Sincerely, Mahomies
Just watched 2nd episode of Girls: let's get over ourselves & understand that women (anyone) have never seen anything like this.
it's funny
With an API, we can handle virtually any integration requirement/scenario - D&BDirect
Take a chance of a broken heart.
At work...hurtin.
OMFG.VINNY.ITS NOT THE SAME.NO.I CANT.FUCKING BAWLING MY EYES OUT U DONT EVEN FHJKJRES
whats up i just text u
#shoutout to FOLLOW her!!! She is amazing! She love's #TVD and #PLL <3 i follow you if you follow her :)
Beach day is calling my name
LOL! U are crazy LoL! I'm getting ready to call u!
Sending you all my love on Easter. If you know any children or parents who want a fun filled game playing book a family can share with the…
what up? It's your move dude.
I JUST ENTERED THE SUPERFAN SWEEPSTAKES TO SEE YOU ABOUT YOUR NEW PURFUME loves you!!!!(:
Its scary how similar i am to my mom.
“: Why are there so many single #Ladies?” Cause just havent found the right one
healing a heart is easy, its just the memories thats hard to forget .....
Friends! Help me think of famous shields beyond those of Achilles and Aeneas.
Just in: OSP says what happened at state hospital was NOT a crime. Staffer collapsed while restraining a patient. Sad nonetheless.
ty you as well!
Guys come and go but best friends stay forever!)))
Throwing frozen meatballs at objects (including people) from the 14th balcony with Paul
Happy belated Mothers Day to Casey Anthony! :-)
Sure, Suite 3350, if you have some free time. I'll buy you lunch if you can help me figure this out.
Timeout Vipers. Jam have opened up a 12 point lead (95-83)
I am great... Just disconnected a bit for a while. Getting back into the swing of things now. How are you?
Has anyone eaten at Lan Zhou in Chinatown? The handpulled noodles are fun, but the broth tastes like it was made with bullion cubes.
thanks for the retweets! Appreciate it
Thanks for the #FF!
Putting head to pillow in another hotel (night 8) in DFW. Flew through spectacular lightening storm.
Derek Fisher is bringing down OKC from the inside
What you do in this world is many times more important than what you looked like doing it. That needs to be learned early on.
U know you prolly already got 10 shares.
so you saw my tweet stopped ignoring me for a little while &now are back.. cool bro.. i hate you.
RT : ASCII stupid question, get a stupid ANSI!
RT : Breaking: Virginia Tech confirms 2 people are dead in shooting. says the shooter is still at large.
Yes Big Sister! :) haha
I finally made it in to tonight for a great dinner. Had the combo. I'm ss full!
are u in Cali?
you have to admit that it's a hilarious line about making stouffer's lasagna for a girl you brought over
Me too!!! RT : Excited for our Pure Romance Party this Friday! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00BA>
Hello Health Insights or Insights to Hello Health?
I have learned not to worry about love; But to honor its coming with all my heart. --- Alice Walker
RT : retention starts with the recruiting process #talentnet #talentmindset having spent years leading retention efforts...amen!
I canceled NetFlix because it could not keep streaming going here for more than 20 min. Now use Amazon Prime for streaming movies
Im just going watch every Phillies game that one of my guys pitches and hope for shutouts!
NBMBAA Phoenix is passionate about charities that decrease college debt. Scholarships, Scholarships and more Scholarships!
Thank the Zombie gods for
all great advice
Dr. Whitehead's talk about her project using the Chancellor Diary (slave ship doctor) was AMAZING.
"Sustainability and Heritage in a World of Change at GCI, Jan 11. Recognizing synergistic relationship btwn conservation & sustainability
I CAN'T SAY IT ON TWITTER OMFG
Things are proceeding ahead with our bathroom remodel. It took so long to get things moving, and now it's all coming to a head.
groan :-) RT : Q: What kind of bees live in graveyards? A: Zom-bees!
IM SO HOT
How is it possible for an Indian to be that dark?..
from my closet i can tell you boogie nights in on and it just started. haha #knowyourmarkiemarkmovies or at least their soundtrack
#ThingsThatINeed new ankles.
Congrats on the draft!
I have to get someone's ID or a fake one. Im not 18:/
Just Text My Bae & Said ," I Love Ta Love Ta Love Ya, Love Ya .Love Ya" Lol #OldSong For The Ignorant
Don't forget. 1/2 price drinks tonight. It's always a Happy Hour at Barrel 44. 1120 N. High St. Come in, we'll squeeze you in at the bar
How have you been?!
Oh well im only going to two classes:D
just stopping by to say "Hi!" Hope ur doing good...hope to meet u one day:-)
well then don't listen to most people! listen to me :)
A few slots left for emerging theatre artists who want to be part of SIDESHOW. Sunday. actorsbridge.org/sideshow.aspx
#hth2012 wish I was there! Keep tweeting, go primate!
I'm gay and I lovee being gay :)
Go-Karts & Bumper Boats open at noon today. Hope to see you here!
Will this be the year that talent actually means more than web hype? My 2$ is on it...I would even take more sincere voices, holla!
8am Monday morning final<<<<
So hungry
haha That's awesome!
Pence with a solo homer in the 5th and it's 5-2 going to the 6th.
When someone compliments you and you can't stop smiling like an idiot:)
Adele owns the night!!
I'd like to think he ripped it off from me! We are BOTH dj's after all. I do miss using that name though.
I thought about the summers past... We always thought that those days would last.
My sister is 9 and shes a cheater!! She's dating my cousins best friend and this really weird kid in her grade! I've only had 1 boyfriend!
Totally understand. No need to risk injury!
i love how my tweets increase almost right along with my followers
Now look at me, this is the #PartOfMe that you're never gonna ever take away from me.
Remember in Life change happens whether your asleep or awake, and if your affraid of change then you have issues. #Try Some Thing Different.
Doctor sez: bronchitis. Inhalers, and nasal spray, and antibiotics, oh my!
Happy Texas Independence Day today, March 2!
unggghh, so unfocused today. And so much work to do. bo
<U+2730> <U+2665> <U+2730> To all the Veterans, and those who currently serve to protect our freedom, THANK YOU. God Bless You. Please hug a Veteran today. <U+2730> <U+2665> <U+2730>
ANTS. Swarming ones are the worst - they just freak me out.
This team is done, can we even look forward to next year! # disappointed Cowboys fan
I don't really get it lol
Just heard on the radio in america.... Almost pooped on the front seat #howoldami?
hope it's good news
My Side Chick tried to say "I Love you" real fast before I Hung-up...... You aint gone get me Bitch!
#Imagine You:"Zayn? Zayn, babe, whats wrong?'' Zayn bites his lip and his eyes are moist. "It's just... I don't ever want to lose you.''
Somebody tell this fool smackdown use to be on Thursday. He obviously wasn't a true wrestling fan
Monday What are of chance of getting another Sox perfect game? Maybe. Cubs win? No chance. Hawks game 6 win? Absolutely
need someone to talk to
haha lucky i am not ... but hopeful i am ha :) that might not help though :)
lauren bailey i swear on everything if the slut says one damn thing to me ill snap, and you know i will.
Are you going to walk by my window this morning? RT oh, bother.
Real singers and real actors have REAL PROCESS. Technique allows you accessibility to express.
didn't think so I posted on fb as a prank & my friend txted me that her computer got a virus ha April fools cant trust no one
Going over 17 USC 107 & 108, says "for legal stuff, really pretty readable!" Sadly, true.
The referee in the VA Tech/Clemson game sounds like a trained actor.
lol that picture you took looked eerily familiar to the snowstorms in Green Bay. Where in Cali about?
Note to celebrity publicists: before your client does a live interview on national TV, give them a horses name & the pronunciation
just did
Making this day better than yesterday
Cool. Walmart doesn't have ice cream anymore.
like afternoon.. Or so.
Hide ya couches, hide ya sofas we burnin' erre thang down 2nite.
RT : FOLLOW & ANOTHER #MUSICGENIUS FROM OUR ANOTHER PLANET
I'm gonna miss working with you! Have fun in your next endeavor!
The Black Keys to start off this morning..
I hate turning on the radio only to hear the last two seconds of a good song.
Great episode of #House! Could tell Hugh Laurie directed, everything was a little bit better. Only 3 eps left.
i believe ya lol
Read at whim! Read at whim! - Randall Jarrell
don't be its ok just annoying but I'll get through it ;)
Too bad they're gonna lose on Thursday #GoBadgers!!!
Trap house by and i started cookin shits to funny.
If you live in the #ATL and want some #FREE FOOD on May 19th reply to this tweet to get an RSVP invite.
"Learn your lesson and move on" "Value fundamentals" - Peyton Manning
long time no see. whats up??
I'm working
Very funny #ALLIN tweets tonight. Eli... Some racist stuff... Whatev, sports are an equalizer. We all bond.
this is my favorite!
Meow. I want cereal.
Cafe con leche ... with a soda
(Phoebe Peterson) created a great list for DePaul MBA's on Twitter cc
Information illiteracy as pandemic? Do we need a vaccine and a massive program of childhood vaccination?
You are so hot and beautiful!! Please followback I #follow you now :)
“: RT “: Thanks everyone. Please keep asking people to follow us. We need all the support we can get!””
Somebody has to look out for and protect our kids, and I feel blessed to be a blessing to someone else.
mandii's sweet 16 party was soo much fun, i ended up dancing on the bar thingy in the hall with all my frnds:)
i dont really give a fuck and my excuse is that im young
Congrats man, best of luck out there.
For sure!
I am truely not a hater... i just dislike people who talk non stop behind my back without knowing me personally.
I swea I Love weed dude!
Done! Switch is up under Favorite Places on Pinterest. ;)
I want somethinq new tired of old ;
Who is Osama BinLadeni?
Hipmunk is the last gantt chart you have to look at before your vacation.
I love kids I miss my nephew I guess I can go get him this weekend he's more important to me then going out to the same old ass clubs we got
one of my favorites!
Thanks Steve. I appreciate it, following;)
#RTHT Go check out some awesome rock music, Christian hard rock band
Last nite Jim Mizes suggested u for biz consulting. Sent msg to him this am on LinkedIn to introduce us. VERY excited!
bored :/ what are yall doing for spring break?(: Im going to Dollywood!
Praying for those affected by the tornados here in Arlington and surrounding areas!
“: The favorite to win the 2012 #WorldSeries is the __________. #MLBFC” team that won't end up actually winning trophy.
Buying other artists' work will bring it back to you--art karma?
thanks very much to you for attending. BMA is a great group and I was grateful for the invitation!
What kind are you looking at? DSLR? Are you wanting to shoot mostly just video or also pics?
About 20 times a day, I idiotically control-s a web interface.
Yeah I did. I'm not even sure I'm ashamed! Lol.
I Can't Do Anything In This House Without People Bothering Me. I Need Some Me Time But I Could Never Get It
You can clip #C-SPAN videos before sharing them. GREAT!
killing it on cool face melting maps!
ANDY. hi
any luck with why our HITS were being sent back?
OSU wouldn't survive a day in the SEC
Totally! Good thinking! ": Bach B Minor Mass, 2nd mov. That's right up your alley, right?”
My six year old asked if I would take him to the Superbowl if #Giants make it. I said Daddy cant afford it. He says #SF then? Love that kid!
Dude, it was ugly. You're lucky I happened to see you before you ran out into the street. I got you home. (You're welcome.)
RT : you can come over to my place and watch the Top Chef finale. I promise its not a trap or anything...
No worries. I had a great time last Sat. Now I'm just feeling the aches & bruises from the event. ;))
OMG me either it is just to adorable and he is so hot
Come to my house for Easter. No joke. We have food.
Begin to see yourself as a soul with a body rather than a body with a soul.
haha yes it was
today is the first of May so today is May Day and there's a band called Mayday Parade! :D lol
- Can I request some tuvan throat singing? Or some bjork, if thats less weird.
How was your holiday weekend family? The grind goes over time starting tomorrow!
REGGAE MUSIC TO THE WORLD!! THIS SUNDAY!! Vintage Reggae Winter Fest, Miramar Regional Park in Miramar FL
Look closely - the people who criticize everyone else at work usually do the least for your company.
Time and Tide wait for no man, but time always stands still for a woman of thirty. ~ Robert Frost
Ah why is it so loud in this house?????
We'd love to join the next #sheparty! What time does it start? Thanks!
. Ha! That's hysterical! But...wait, that's disgusting. Guess if someone would do that, they'd do it anonymously.
Thanks! We have gluten free crepes, trade veggies for pita on the hummus or spinach dip. We can deconstruct sandwiches too
Nonprofits exist because of market failures. Otherwise they would be for profit. D. Greca
Following April's devastating tornadoes...Virginia Farmers getting $2 million in financial help from U.S. Dept. of Agriculture.
up to my waist in clam shell box production and LOVING it!!
RT : Come to "Art Opening: Baltimore: Place to Place" Friday, November 4 at 7:00 pm until <br />Wednesday, November......
Just left the march it's live they screaming justice it's sad
Having a crabby day, and just realized that I haven't listening to any music. record curing that right now!
12-3-51 Ray Candy aka Kareem Muhammed would have been 60 today. He went too soon! RIP & Happy birthday Ray
If u have a lot of haters u probably tell it like it is people aren't use to that these days
Hey, thanks for following!
Just because I don't talk about my problems, doesn't mean they don't exist.
I'm sure would appreciate the UT orange! Orange and black are beautiful together!
GOD DAMMIT I FUCKING HATE MY PHONE IT DELETED ALL MY LOCKED MESSAGES. fuccckkkkkk :(((((
Final pass of #THECUTS with holy shit, it's actually a movie now...
BRUCE!!!! A #UCF sighting in San Francisco!!
another one for my "not on a first date" food list :/
Light to medium pressure is best for fibromyalgia & chronic pain
After eating such good food in Korea, not looking forward to airplane food on the way back
man u know wat i have not had in a min, some bbq
The D Block vs State Property beef had to be the best rap war in history hands down!
No one will pay later if you give it away for free.
bring your organic raw linen shopping tote when you come to seattle, it will help u blend in.
Just reported a hazard on I- 66, Centreville. My mood: speedy, using Waze - Drive Social
May God Almighty bless you and make you fruitful and increase your numbers until you become a community of peoples. Genesis 28:3
Been #Uppity all my life, E. It's a #badge in the #oldschool vernacular.
In #USA pres. election date is known many years in advance; in #Cameroon, pres. election 3 mths away, date still a mystery
Downside of teaching urself final cut... 5 years of waiting forever for things to render when I didn't have to!!!
Just realized the catholic church and the american military have similar org. charts.
#sioure Expands #seo Strategy new website to be developed.
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
you are very very welcome we had a blast
The paralegal will manage the day-to-day handling of asbestos cases from the date the case is answered through trial.
at applebee's! (:
Not true. You were given 5 Giants bucks to purchase a muffin from
Everything was cloned
Heading to Jackalope Theater's Slaughter City today on Clark Street in Chicago.
i know!! Like if they are there is no need to lie about it.
HAHAHAHAHAHAH this is effing awesome.
Nice, I wish! No, am training for the Covered Bridges Half Marathon in VT in June. Have not yet done an Ironman
Morgan Freeman is typecast as the supportive and reliable sidekick.
We sell gift certificates in any denominations. Who doesn't love sweet potato fries & Great Lakes Xmas ale? The grinch, that's who.
I Need To Start Getting Ready For Church
thnx boo, how r u today?
What? Wow... His shirtless scenes in American Psycho are one of the reasons I can't quit watching!
please don't kill anyone in the library. It's your last day <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
#EDSHOW can I go on the #trump debate? I was number 1 in grade school debates
Dragon Dictation for the iPhone seems to work really well. Used it to create summary of meeting then emailed it. Very cool.
Congrats to Fort Collins FB coach Eric Rice and his wife. They had a baby boy on Monday. Future Lambkin LB is on his way!
I need all my supporters to Follow supper dope Vocalist==> <==This lady is the truth
why you tweet in uppercase letters?!?! lol i feel like you're screaming
Doctors handwriting: <U+FE4F><U+FE4F> <U+FE4F><U+FE4F> <U+FE4F><U+FE4F>. What I see: <U+222E><U+20AA><U+20AE><U+FFE6><U+FFE1>. What the nurse sees: Aspirin.
LOL THAT WAS FUNNY but it still doesn't change the fact that you have emotional tweets
I think I have an extra
I know, right? I haven't seen many vids that can top that one! Brilliant.
You made it to Tuesday! You deserve a taco! #TacoTuesday is tonight at Lincoln's Bar & Grill here at the hotel, $3 tacos and $3 Coronas.
Jigsaw Meeting offers "Brand for You" so your customers see your online meeting application as part of the technology of your company.
did you just recently release a new mixtape?
i dont even know what to do today...
Why do I miss you so much? ):
I would like to exchange follows/support. There is a free promotion site for more followers on my site. FREE!
Sex is dirty only if it's done right.
what about tennis?
A sincere thank you to military men and women for doing what most of wish we could. For standing for something and always backing us up.
look forward to seeing all my media peeps at #minglebellssd next Thurs, 12/8 Get in on earlybird pricing: bit.ly/MingleBellsSD
Orange! RT: What will your favorite color in your wardrobe be this Spring?
they were running through the misprints or dented stock. I picked up a Texas Chainsaw I've been after for awhile
why do fools fall in love?
About to read some lines infront of a class and attempt to act..not sure how I feel about this..haha
Guthrie? With a name like that I figured he'd be into cowboy boots.
All the time, my friend.
is probably my favorite twitterer
How is it possible to hate a family member so much?...
"We're Proud Of iCarly"
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. -Mark Twain
Oh yeah. Drawing hot curves with HTML5 canvas.
LJSchwartz says: WHY ARE YOU AFRAID OF SUCCESS?
I'm I work building community through media part of the emerging leaders networks in SF Bay
Sad to realize that I need to really pay attention to all the stuff I thought others were taking care of.
can we apply together mate they'd take both of us
I seriously LOVE USAA. Best bank, ever.
One day soon I will kidnap and lock him away in a room where no one will ever find him #wellhavesexypartieseveryday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Thx and for the priceless gift of motherhood!
Are they your kids...or the networks. -con-
I might be out that way early next year if I go on my 'tour of rambling'. I'll keep you guys posted. :)
ok done wit the promoting.. just finished another round of logo design on Friday. Think this project will be wrapped up soon
Would you rather coast through life, or create your own path?
he already put in tee time. I'll just tell him it will just be us two if you don't wanna play thur.
Traffic.... Ah!
The Cassini spacecraft captures striking images from flying by three moons of Saturn, including new pictures of ..
lmao. She kills me. I wish I were working .!
Ava is back up and now over her birth weight! 8 lbs 1 oz!! My sweet overachiever :)
Amanda and I are headed to NYC this weekend as well! So cold.
Getting ready for the Dulles Gala
“: work ...or stalking?” believe it I'm working - the tourney's impact on the city, figured I would find IU.
The awkward moment when your boyfriends mom says "I love you"....
That warm feeling you get after you get sunburnt but are so okay with it
done this forsho' I've been here before pattern nailed to the floor so there'll be 8 more turn the page quick divorce and there'll be 8 more
Neither program is great, but my guess is WVU would much rather have Strong right now. See scoreboard 2012.
Speaker Boehner is roaming D.C. in a Captain America costume..says he's saving America from the solar flare predicted today...bless him...
...and to get me to fill out even one form is like pulling teeth. An unconscious defiance, you think? :)
Wanna make $$$ just for tweeting? its easy, and cost you nothing just inbox me and i will tell you how.
RT“ #Pisces are known to be bossy at times.”
Asians are so attractive lol
Why is it that I am always the one to break down and finally talk to you.
What's sad is that we will never regain our innocence.
man hopefully hard hitty's fantasy season doesn't end up like the mets aka cellar dwellers haha
I hate boring stores:/
Um...could someone in St. Louis please turn down Craig Sager's jacket? Thank you in advance.
Sending you some Cali love...have a great day! :)
Going to a meeting Wish we were at the game w/
Totally ruled.
GM Thank you Lord for another day
You too! Have a great weekend!
Coming up: Make a tincture with the Midwest School of Herbal Studies with herbs from your backyard during 10 Best Days - July 21st!
A business must be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to workout your artistic instincts.
gah!! ok, im better now
#kids Church program for babies, toddler and pre-schoolers: Church program for babies, toddler and pre-schoolers from Saturday, May 19,...
Don't call a crips "Crab" u'll prolly get shot
": man card" When you can out drink all other men that becomes null and void... lol
I want to be the official round-the-world tweeter for at London Fashion Week
So I have heard I will possibly eventually going to Cali, Oregon, Hawaii, Mexico, Bahamas, Texas, and Europe. Such as Spain, Italy. Etc.
All the events have been so much fun lately! See you soon! #ABQ #Nightlife #NM #TeamFollowBack!
FYI, the link to the Bailout segment doesn't work on the MSNBC page.
at least we didn't hit a bird (yet). I am okay with no water suddenly.
same right now, we use a xerox phaser 8560 but sometimes would like other options!
The season is changing and the holidays are close, let us help you with those repair and maintenance issues around your home while its early
It was amazing!!!
Hell yeah Illini!
lol I can go on campus I'm suspended :b
was just dancing to JUSTIN BIEBER.
Co La did a sick remix of Nude Ghost! Can't wait for it to go up on so y'all can hear it
EVERY action has a consequence. If you scatter throrns, don't go barefoot. God and many people will forgive but consequences still apply.
Tonight's drunken good times is brought to you by #Bushmill's.
So far, 2012 is crazy.
Luna moth! Beautiful!
well, we can work on that too. maybe a singles night just for you! ;)
i could do with out the pink but yeah haha #idig (:
wHat? How?
beats the heck out of me, but check back with me if the Cubs ever win the WS :-)
The DMV's hold music is stuck in my head...
so funny! Omg poor boys !!
In riding round and I'm getting it
I sincerely hope you saw 's tweet about Waffle House....Hahaha.
OH YEAH! I was confused for a second
I hope that helps and wasn't too confusing. :-)
summer break so far has consisted of house and frosted mini wheats.
Did y'all get hacked or something?
Tournament this weekend is all at SJU! Come support the Comets DUDES!
NBC: Romney will deliver a speech tonight in Manchester, NH entitled, "A Better America Begins Tonight"
Dorothy Allison is doing the Time Warp on stage in Long Beach.
the one of sluts you can find them any where she also did understand the one about clitoris but oh well I didn't want to
wanderlusting...can't wait for thailand. but there's so much packing to be done!
Why yes. I do want to live. xD SO I shall follow you.
OK Last question for #FF Pasco Trivia this week
What is this world coming to when a grown man gets thrown out of the ballpit at McDonalds?
Kristy pick that date and let's make it happen! I love coffee and love / miss you too! Need to catch up!
Alright ladies, message me your username.
Paying my parking ticket online was easy...and fun!
No i don't think soRT : Kawhi's new Twitter:
Nice slow wakeup today - chocolate raspberry coffee - warm blanket - watching webinars
Happy birthday
GOOD LUCK!!!!
Really enjoyed speaking at the NIKE Coach of the Year Clinic in Allentown. Some terrific speakers. Met a lot of great HS coaches. Well run
Rice n bacon. All day.
I swear my moms going death. Im not trynna repeat myself over 6 times -___-
Holy snowfall.
So Dan Onorato unfairly taxing beer drinkers in Allegheny county wasn't the answer? Go figure!! Tax and spend, tax and spend
baltimores entering spring ! is lovely; and how bout yonder?
I'm litterly sweating help...me....
Infusionsoft Customer Tour in San Diego, CA. Here with Erin Laverty, Chelsea Wilson and Jennifer Price. Should make for a GREAT event.
prince was my fav 1/2 time show - he rocked it
I had a good time,thanks
RT : Mitt won: "moderate or liberal," $200K+, postgraduate educated, oppose Tea Party, religion matters "not at all"
i agree completly(: everyone shines in their own way
Thanks for the #FF mention yesterday :-)
You did it! Awesome finish!! RT Survived my first marathon! It was worth it! ;) 26.2 in about 4:47! yfrog.com/gzpr8skj
Nah. Not at all :)
You should cover butterfly kisses on Fathers Day.
I wanna do the impossible.
Really Mayweather? I'm ok with H and 50 Cent, but Bieber?
i want my school to be like in the movies when it's the last day of school, and all you see is paper flying everywhere.
Thanks for the RT!
Between all the sombreros, Kentucky derby hats and Avengers costumes I think we've offended just about everyone this weekend!
Welcome Stu Pomeranz #Orioles #MLB debut (Wasn't he one of Rob Petrie's old army buddies?)
Montero made that look to easy
"You're old, you're fat and you're ugly, but you're not going to die from any of those things immediately." ROGER AILES, Pres of Fox News
Hey, you have a twitter avatar! Nice twitter background also :). See you tomorrow at the Fort...
hi nickbreezyyyy c;
Point, story, application ..then add what it means to them
Language project due on Tuesday, haven't done ANYTHING.
not shit at home bored AF , listening to rihanna . looking at guitars . lol , lets go out next weekend or something !
One of the hardest working guy out there in the biz aka 'The Blueprint'
Happy Birthday
Everyone who follows me follow my brother
word mang I'm til 7 Saturday. Better set me up in the cooler. I got load tm
The problem I have with blogging is, it's either small talk or something serious. I can't do small talk. Serious stuff is for real writing.
RT : Fuuuuuuuuck my sunroof was open. <~~ Wow!
are there plans for another meetup soon?
Good to know. I'm in. Thanks guys!
Middle fingah in my vaj, wet pussy cap!
Do they know Rocky won all those fights?
#iamcurrently sitting down in a booth
driving into ATL for a night on the town! Traffic right now sucks!
It's day! We'll see you at 5pm at the Intercontinental.
S/O to check us out on youtube22317301 and youtubeptownblack
ok sorry :c
Hey!!! That's good news for you. You must be relaxed now with her activities.
I think no strings attached is one of the sweetest love movies I've ever seen.
So Mr. and Mrs. Smith has got to be one of the most ridiculous movies ever
Yup I screwed it up just great
We're looking forward to having you here!
Haha, you're right!
Wow, over sensitive hockey fans! You all need to watch NBA big men go to work.
Good Morning Skulk!! Happy Thursday!! Miss Mimi Fox is ready for her after breakfast snack. Its crazy how hunrgy I am, its Bananas!!! ;)
your last tweet ----> all downhill from here
#ChuckNorris is like a dog, not only because he can smell fear, but because he can piss on whatever he wants.
Cracking open first bottle of homemade, szechuan-style, ginger beer - oh so delicious!
=\ maybe next year if we're good
Leaving before last remnants of sanity gone. 3 labor-intensive pages done on my day off, so I figure it's ok to go home.
Want a complimentary VIP booth this FRIDAY ? Call 503.515.7112 for more info
Enjoyed the PBS Special with JT, brought back memories, saw you @ the Troubadour way back when.....you still got it !
If you haven't requested "Old School" today make sure you do so!
Just Trust Me! lmao. Let's Move The Convo To DM.
i actually didn't forget, i almost did. get chya facts straight
Ha ok Issif
Oh the joys of vocal pitch correction! The joy of cringing in pain!
The United Negro College Fund founded #TDiH 1944 by Frederick D Patterson - then President of what's now Tuskegee U. via
I'm pretty excited about logging into our HPC environment. Looking forward to running our projects.
Yeah you did.. Smh He has no post game, can't shoot. He be doing some unnecessary crossovers. He's just a dunker.
come on out for that drink anytime.
#MobiHealth Presentations starting at Sapient in Arlington. Vibrant Crowd! HealthJibe-Personal Health Platform- 1st up on panel.
my guess would be to come up with futuristic looking fonts that we can still read for the computers, etc.
My bus driver "we only have one chain on". Are you serious??
I didn't see any studying or surfing. Fail.
Ur welcome RT : ": Now following the #talented --- &gt; #Follow" thanks so much hun
Dont forget to pull those pants up!!! yup... Just a bit higher... Perfect!
#HungerGames was amazing!! I guess I need to read the other books now.
yea yea! but I'll only be there for a weekend.
anyone whannu chill.???
I wish!
what game u watchin? they all over the boards
I got some really cool quality affordable jewelry ladies!!
Dissecing a pig in bio today.
Thanks for the shout out from White Elefant on stage!! :)
your reactions hahahah
hi Cindy, how goes it? Watcha doin for Derby Day?
Regardless of the reason Chicago always wins!
hey girly , i ment to ask u how u did in our math class ?.
#2ChainzNextLyrics Yo boyfriend he super lame.Yo girlfriend a major pain. She darkskin with black lips that b**** look like GUCCI MANE!
The cap of my water bottle shot off mid flight because of the pressure, freaked me out.
Thank you. I think this is to help promote the film and all the other merchandise that Target is selling.
Accident: Rt. 29 at Polo Grounds Road and an accident East bound Plank Rd, just east of Rt. 29
Looking to clean the floors in your home or business? Check out our techniques for carpet cleaning in Davie and tile cleaning and sealing
Terrific Tuesday Tweeters! Take time to prioritize your tasks and chunk together smaller ones for effective time mgmt and success!
Not a chance! RT : Random - Do you think I could beat in an arm wrestling match if I got to use both hands?
“: Make eye contact at a party. *Sends friend request*”
wishing we could play defense without a foul called every second!
Schools should stop being baby sitting institutions. Let the parents figure out how to care for kids. Just teach the kids
yeah waiting for my train... Right in front of the whole thing. Cops fire department EVERYWHERE
APRIL......APRIL IN THE D
Stand a lil taller
Off to the camp ground.Come out for some Cold beers.Cold water, Michagan. .Blue or Bud.Happy 4th !!
Got to wait for the kiddos to go to sleep before I can go to bed. Hope they arn't up to much longer, cause I am exhausted.
That was f*cking unbelievable!!
you pull the trigger on that mansion yet?
Like the SoundCloud tunes!
OH: "Jar jar is SUPER annoying" -Sara, age 4
I love Vangelis's score for Blade Runner, but the sax-heavy "Love Theme" does not hold up. "One More Kiss, Dear" completely holds.
from 's tweets, the food & music will be great. But I bet the convo w/ is the best part.
"Webinar" is such a weird word.
How are you with 07 ibs?
Aren't you supposed to be missing your wife and child?
need a good instagram photo. haven't posted one in awhile, but I'm trying to post pictures I'm genuinely proud of.
Reef Commandment #8. NEVER drink and drive a boat. Many people are killed by drunk boat drivers every year. Sad but true.
Weird! RT : Ok. Did anyone else notice that yesterday said "monkey is dead," and Davy Jones died today? Just saying.
LMAO..I love it..it's always at my fingertips : )
we cant wait to come up there!
Well said.
hey miranda you coming 2012 to germany ?
must study. can't concentrate #facebook #twitter #youtube #dejavu?
thats where "roc" texted me from..
: just reapplied some kick-ass red lipstick to empower my day! thanks for the sunshine! <3
Track everything thru bit.ly. I know your tool has that reporting. Also when you share to Twitter, the link looked really long
To audition for "Cyrano" or "Joseph"? agh.
LOL PLEASE HELP!!
To all my devoted followers: I'm pulling up stakes and moving to Cheers!
I will! Haha miss you
you already know + a lil bit a chron-tanamo bay
Bro same..in my World Geo class today I was like. If 1D walks in right now i will cry.
thanks Lindsay! Best beat writer ever. I'll still be following you because I like your updates...great insight and info!
Just finished World Cultures homework.
Thinking in terms of new media or old media is the wrong approach. Media is simply the context of something much bigger
and me
hahahahaha I remember that I miss that kid he has mentally scarred me for life but I miss him he made r bus fun
Ladies did a great job getting the field ready. It's too bad all the hard work didn't allow you to play. Good luck this weekend.
Experience the "Lightlife" with The Socialistas...June 5...details to come. :-)
I love how retweets my tweets. :'] Follow her <U+2665>
Watching Star Wars V on bluray.
Rumor is some great designers are heading to for an after party. Designers know how to pick the hot spots!
TO EVERYONE: BOARD MEETING TODAY - SUNDAY SEPTEMBER 25, 2011 AT 3:00 PM AT THE ADOBE FALLS CONDOS REC CENTER!!!
Yes! Tebow who?
What has everybody been listening to lately? Post it below :)
Best way to pack out your #4c12 panel: be Richard Lanham.
Well said there... RT : U are wat u think... So if u can reason with the logic of a fuck boy ... Then i kno u a fuck boy
The problem we face is not necessarily that we are overworked, its that we are undernourished! - Don Colbert, M.D.
I hate swipe txt!!!!
#carrieunderwood reminds me I need to start doing some lunges
Glad you can make it Matt. We recommend watching in front of the , or on Old World 3rd Street!
No doubt, especially since no one on the media will question him on why he continues to run players off!
crap? A hot Big Mac?
Soon! :D
good stuff. wish i was there!
RT : Never met her but hearing about her passing and how she touched so many is incredibly inspiring. RIP
Have fun, and for god sake win the game
a Cosmo on the beach with my hubby!
Facebook makes me want to throw up. If I see one more baby post I'm gonna lose it.
4.5 Billion Spam Text Messages Sent In 2011
quick dog <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6> walk then back to sleep. Wearing my gray hoodie and hoping I don't look suspicious. smh <U+270A>
8 days until I'm drinking martinis over Anna Nicole's backside, & waxing poetic the trials of stardom w/Heath & MJ.
Fall on your knees, O hear the Angel voices...... I'm here, and I'm listening.
THANK YOU
And I'm embarrassed about that "Similar Homes" button line height! I blame
Gosh! I have the worst headache ever!
Bout to get on some FIFA
Thanks for the follows! and
Are there bearded ghosts?
Today is the 1 year anniversary of Brio Downtown. We've enjoyed serving you and look forward to serving you for years to come!
Kings, Kings, Kings Yes!
Drop me a note if you are going to HP TechForum in Las Vegas on June 21st
Well, Day 1 was pretty good. I didn't do any bingey snacking. Still probably ate too much, but one step at a time!
Yayyyy Giovanni is home :)
Yesterday I worked legs at the gym, you pervs. :)
say it aint so!
OMG! Best last shot ever! That was amazing! Woohoo!!!
Life life for today,Because tomorrow isn't always expected
hahaha that was funny
well ya see.. I'll wear boots more often.
when someone takes x to comment, i think it is rude to ignore them. readers don't expect comments always but never is rude
I heard some rumors about some luxurious rooftop sun lounging with friends. I would like to partake if I'm invited.
me too. But by next Mon. the #NMSkiSwap will be over and 5000+ folks will have scored some great deals on great gear.
I will look into it. Got the book "Imagine" last week! Very fast read. Brilliantly written! Thanks!
Awesome! I got my desktop to work again! Love the browser version, but prefer desktop app more! :)
Still working on this paper...I better get an A!
thanks for the RT! Want 2 tics? You dont even have to guess.
Ha! I have. Must have missed the biz v. gov't tasks section. I'll read it again.
Slash and Duff are still awesome.
Kobe is so hot
Katie's gonna be my prom date!! Unless.. ;)
^.^.. One wing one wing
"The River is almost always the center of attention in small towns, second to the village idiot and always ahead of the farmer's daughter"
setting up twitter
I didn't know Junior Seau but I can still feel the loss
I feel you! I hate retail & food.
We offer over 30 different entrees and boast about our famous ALL-U-CAN-EAT CRAB LEG
Just got to hangout with ! Nice meeting you guys! Good luck at the show tonight! :D
"I can drive Henrici in the dark, or on a shark. Or in the light, or during a fight."
HI GUYS!
Then why am I drinking without any homies? Denver?!#!? Soon.....
Fact: Democrat rallies have the most middle of the road, boring-ass music. Bon Jovi? Train? Jason Mraz? KT Tunstall? Shoot me.
- Shoot lots of portraits and have never shot polo... I take that back. I shot some shot polo in Maui in 2002! Call - 760 315 0513
It's a sign!
Never give up on your hopes and dreams
This is going to be a freakin' awesome show! Make sure to be there!
I can almost see Cuba from here
In my summer mode ;*)
And the majority of comments on his photos are "Please follow me!!!!"
put dollars in their g-string and...
I understand how you feel on that, but I'm glad to hear your WeSeed portfolio is up. :-)
We sell 100% Silk Dupioni fabrics Visit our website WWW.FABRICSNTHINGS.COM
I'm on it
Its Night Time & I got my Locs On
I know I can .be so stubborn at times... Sigh one of my downfalls
LOOL DIS GUY NAMED AUS10 KILLS ME. HAVE YOU HEARD OF HIM ?
What the hell, everyone in this musical has a solo O.O
aren't you 's best friend?
I am always welcoming of new acronyms, although I feel like there are usu more opportunities for a #smh than an #nmh (smh)
Were you house hunting in wine country today? That's the word around town. I have an extra room if you want to rent it.
BIG TIME RUSH
I love the vortex
Let's Dance in the Rain :) -A
Oh... Get the caller I'D... I'm so scared! RT: "Ohh I'm so scared! He's a piece of shit!"
This is a little creepy in light of Celebrity Rehab.
the worst he can do is say he doesn't feel the same if so then move on
Dont open any DM from me or anyone saying "someone is posting bad stuff about you" it is spam!
<U+270B> bro. Females be questioning niggas like they on the hot-seat insecurity is crazy now in days smh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
So... we (ILL) somehow got The Official Guide to Portal 2 for someone... how did THAT one slip through the cracks??
ringalingling!!! hello?! Hi Ariel! Thanks for following! ttyl!!
I HATE waking up EARLY!!
Did the mayor just say 'liberry!?!?'
He who sees the truth, let him proclaim it, without asking who is for it or who is against it. – Henry George
your the only BOY in this shady world forever stay by my side and for you i will ride till i die cause ' BHABIE I GOT YOU .
so how your sleep go.. :D
I bet they have a corny voicemail when you call them like hey this is MAT and this is JULIE. The GAMELS arent home right now.
Horse spawn hahahaha
Me too!
On my way to Martha Stewart and there's a hole in my shoe. For shame.
hahahah there ya go! :)
Yeah, I have heard of them! They are fun! :)
Yes it is. And if you have even more time, the Osorno volcano is beautiful, in the lake region of Chile a bit further south
Social Media Optimization is the New SEO with Brian Solis
Perfect! Thanks.
aw love you too beautiful lady!
if we download song does that count as a vote?
#Weather Forecast for Thursday
Artist. I you are going to upload a song for DJs to download it, title your tracks properly
Wrapping up a buy day with DVR
you in bloomington?
“: You guys are really so #Grand! I'm like a proud parent lol” Momma B ;)
been trying to do that with my money for years, still can't get it right
thanks can u folloe my other page please
At blackbird studio right now :) tracking is going Amazing!!!
wow! what an amazing day. make sure ubin tips those poor waitresses.
Delivering beds, blankets & towels to those in need.
RT : I have a new love for OneNote. I'm using it to organize my SCA projects, as well as all of my little notes that were scatter ...
I'll be honest its probably outdated 5 yrs old. Bringing it back to original factory. It just wouldn't function outside of safe
And the universe will be rebooted, prepare yourself and say goodbye to your pinky toe.
Sure WILL popi
#2Days till spring break
hey, your pin has a f in the word dresses...
Bad Day, had to walk homee _-
"Safety" "sanitation" and "law and order" are long standing excuses used to quell democratic movements that demand change.
Red rock and suite what
RT : If you're a fan of House Hunters, a Milwaukee couple will be featured on tonight's episode. 9 p.m. on HGTV.
Yes, but since her CABG x3 +AVR, it was a worry.
Congratulations, Jessica Biel! I don't even notice such things but you win tonight's Worst Dress award!
hey ive done the same thing woman
If Tumblr, Twitter, & Facebook were school subjects , my parents would be so proud of me. ;x
No dice on early flights, but at least there's free wifi! Work kept us both awake long enough to make our flights.
is pushing ads into your Tweet Que!??!!?!
YEAH BUDDY!
It's not leather on leather, it's a mini-sonicboom.
awwweee! :( I wish I could take you with me, even tho I don't have prom either....
Offense? Ok my phone put that in lol.
oh ok i love you sis
I could really use some cheese right now
what time are you coming in?
Will do and thank you
Producing is a lot of work but I think I like it!
nigga I been hitting u non stop pay dat bill !!! Lol. U still here though ?
If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded. ~Maya Angelou
Van 1 of the : brought to you by Twizzlers, buffalo pretzels, and a metric ton of sliced honeydew.
cool. I use it for fashion, cooking and decor ideas.
I miss having someone that accepts everything i am.. Feels like thats been gone for awhile
Happiness is not the absence of problems but the ability to deal with them.
thanks back at ya.
We're in SF tomorrow. I think.
on founders: they build a company by convincing others to see what they do!
Thanks for the retweet!
wow at the cougar on Cyrus
No big deal to me. I make made coin being a biz man and a lawyer. Yankees are great!! Love Em to death
Bye, iPod Nano. It's been a great six years.
Thanks for the follow!
byebye tweetlings will keep you informed on my holiday tehehee, lovee youu all you sexy things:D, gonna miss you so much **** ! <3 xx
Welcome our new Resource Development intern to PENCIL! So glad to have you on the team!
Yayyyy sun came out <U+2600>
Kurt Rosenwinkel, Aaron Parks, Ugonna Okegwo, and Justin Faulkner were crazy last night! What a trip man
Nope, how about you ?
The Pacers are a 3 seed. People treat them like they're a rec team playing the 96 Bulls or something
Arsenal F.C. - the leading cause of myocardial infarctions in North London.
“: Lakers Boy... Get ya mind right b4 you left!! Lehh goo!!”
Yeah the weather doesn't look great. I'd considered biking too but I think I'm gonna pass and drive.
It's earned over 185 milion bucks worldwide and opens today in the US, "The Avenger". Going to see it?
yeah finally launched my business. <U+E057>
Thanks for the shout out!
I'm home alone again and people wonder why my signature is forever alone..
Thanks! Looking forward to meeting you in person, too.
I can't wait til album come out. I love Go Get It, I had to make it my ringtone. I love E&T.
thanks i appreciate it
how have you been?
"If there is no struggle, there is no progress." - Frederick Douglass. Don't shy away from what matters my friends, fight for it.
Had the opportunity yesterday to experience the professional applications of twitter first hand!
Margaritas ante Porcos => Pearls before swine
you attacked Michael Moore on Scarborough Country for not supporting the Iraq war. Now you talk about the deficit
like...aliens?
I know Kenny has been beating that drum for awhile. I think a team has to do what their personnel allows.
Thank you so much!!!! We're working on wrapping it up for everyone ;)
Dreadful performance today
Can't wait to catch up and hear all about it over some drinks in Philly!
Yes how I love thee!
I'll be honest, I would be up for doing a podcast.
Getting everything set up at Skyline this afternoon. Man this is going to be an amazing year.
Almost didnt go to skool late night studio sessions all the way till sunday hella tired!!
I hate being forced to do the things I love!!
WTF is up with my ear itching??????
oh ill call you after i do this little thing *2 1/2 hours later I call her* oh! I forgot -.-
I keep it real with facts you have to make up stuff to say about me because you best to believe I set my standards above and beyond!!
Help single mothers return to school.
your welcome ;)
“: Hide all first story windows!” LMAO
"then": adverb, indicating time; "than": conjunction, used to make a comparison. IT'S NOT THAT DIFFICULT, PEOPLE.
I can't fin it but search up 'phoebus and phaeton vs Romeo and juliet' that might work…
RT if you've ever met someone famous
When you only have about one hour for voir dire...you better know what q's to ask.
"You got me stuck on CAPS-LOCK, if you know what I mean." What is the geekiest pickup-line you can come up with?
M.I.A never. She was here last night tho lol watcha up to??
When 2 of your friends were dating, then they broke up, so now everything is awkward.....
BREAKING: #CBJ trade Jeff Carter to L.A. Kings for defenseman Jack Johnson and a first round pick in either the 2012 or 2013 draft.
let's take it to the basics, you in the midst of greatness
Star wars >>> star trek
The power of intention is the power to expand & increase all aspects of your life.
We hope you are able to enjoy some BBQ and fireworks this weekend.
It took Maker's Mark 2.5 years for their ambassador program to hit critical mass. They now put 30% of their mktg budget towards it.
Come check out the new and improved Sendik's Food Markets website at www.sendiksmarket.com for the best food and deals in & around Milwaukee
Oh I'm so curious yeah!!!
Doesn't matter who picks he's still going to lose in Nov! BTW you should support some1 that will support women
Just for clarification, 90% of my motivation for seeing this movie is the shower scene. And Zac Efron without a shirt.
#Olympiakos upsets #CSKA Moscow in #EuroLeagueBasketball final at Istanbul
Omg hey!
A little heated today about a #PR project that is going in another direction...no worries though b/c i have #boundaries! Take a deep breath.
THANK YOU!!!
are u going to bring anything for ms.gish's party
I take offense to being called dumb, stupid, or any other intellectually degrading insult ... Worst thing to do to me
thanks for the follow!
Was at the 50 Greatest Vikes celebration Sunday--SKOL to 50 yrs of VIKINGS football! www.vikingsholiday.com #skol, #favre, #vikings,
Love all of your work with your students! Kids are never too young to research. Thanks for blogging it for us.
Love your enemies.
IOTA Solutions will be attending. Looking forward to meeting you, U of Michigan attendees, and others.
Hearing a song and thinkin thats our song... And smiling like an idiot for no reason
hey, after tonight I have to go hang around some older kids. My eye/throat still hurt...
I love when bands actually take the time to meet their fans even though they're in a rush! *cough *cough :D
We are the youth gone wild.
#4famouswords it will be ok
Classic! The Del Taco spokesman works out at my gym in van nuys. That guy rocks!
Put Sumthn 2getha & We Can Do It BIG Dis Time!!I'm Ready
the real hard part will be finding a Whitney tune that the Dead covered :) RT : i dont know how youll emulate whitney.
WOW.. WE ARE LOSING SO MANY SO SOON
"Girl, you trending more than #MW3." Lyrics to a really awesome rap song.
Is it me or is this week's puzzle 2 hard? Can only do this one's & 's. ' puzzles 2 smart. Thank God 4 pop culture!
Thank you for all the kind, funny, and sympathetic tweets today. Just reminds me how much I love Twitter for connecting me w/ great people.
aw Adam don't be mean! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> my girl tried her best lol
You need a weekly segment! "Jammer Jabber"...
thank you! :)
cool, i'm getting ready to order the asia edition of hold on til the night even though i have the US version because
A&R's you wanna save your job hit me up!
when did I get mine?
#afs11 Oregon Folklife Network is doing great work setting up the infrasturcture of their new program.
I'm quite intrigued. A Carytown trip is in order.
Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions. - Harold S. Geneen
On my way to AbuDhabi and the Eye on Earth conference ... Bill Clinton to keynote www.openoceans.org
2 hours in the car and all my parents have talked about is political shit. #pleaseshutup x.x
Tech week ! Incredible show... August:Osage County
Tonight it's off to hear #MichaelBuble at the Wachovia Center. Yes.
() (Mom, upon spotting Lincoln actor) Oh look! There's the magician!
#bestbritishbands The Beatles and The Who
Minor crisis of faith. if this comes down to kings v rangers, do i sleep in '99 robitaille jersey or '97 rangers sweatshirt?
is the story better in Max Payne 3 or 2 or 1? #MaxPayne3 l
I have it to compliment Netflix on the pee ess 3. If I need cable to access its already limited content, then it's gone.
I want a toaster strudel
Your right-he's due“: Why isn't anyone talking about Brandon Bass? He had a crappy game 1... I bet he comes up big in game 2”
people who wanted Daren Rovell to shut up about attendence
If anyone wants to kik my username's ericJRgonzalez. Let's try it together
Don't forget about the Gala Opening at Qbar May 11th @ 6pm. We added comedy to the line up. Is going to be AMAZING! Please come!
I miss Metro Station! Shake shake shake shake shake it......
is professor Romer teaching classes next year or just doing research?
#TacoBellTrafficTracker at the #TacoBell off N Lamar & Rundberg!! I have some pretty cool tickets to give away. 5-6pm
Just got home. Drunk as hell and horny! Lol.
IF YOU AINT AT SOUTHPAW TOMORROW THAT MEANS YOU DONT LOVE GOD...AND CHILDREN AND YOUR PROBABLY DRINK OUT OF THE TOILET LIKE YOUR UNCLE JOE
-He only talks to you because he wants in your pants.
wiped clean or wiped out
Was there anyone in the world besides Philly fans who didn't want to see a chance for a game winning 3? Just PHI and the ref.
Where should we get lunch??!!
I know it! It was profusely buzzing I turned it on silent
Also one called "No Loot"
Go ahead! :D
my question
Fantastic! It should be a wonderful concert. Thank you for your support!
the follow.
if he was at 35-40 goals like an "elite" player you wouldnt hear one word from me.
Twitter is not the place for True Confessions
love that you thought to press it - will try that for lunch today!
hows everyone liking this rain?
you have to wear that suit though.
....It's Always Darkest Before the Dawn.
Check out our website for We Are Bitter Sober, an independent documentary in production www.wearebittersober.com
nice! also just noticed you aren't following me anymore :(
ah c'mon kid can't be goin against my like that. That's what you get
Yay! We get to see Tuesday night! Kickin'!
Phase II of the reapplication process has begun! Time to (optionally) create groups for room selection!
you're smart :)
TY MARCO FOR THE LOVE! #follow this cat
I love how we only have 24 more days till SUMMER BREAK!!!! :)
naw wanted to but had church last nite
Finished finals now going to work.
way to be; see yo there
Better not lol :D
hi bella pls follow me back :))
US added 200,000 new jobs last month. Can I have one!?
Hiss, hiss, ft, ft! Put the claws away, kitty.
I only hate my car cause the leather seats....
Thanks for having me! Always a pleasure :) RT : Thanks to for sharing all of your interesting stories with TMS today!
Everyone I work with has been letting me hear it. I wish we had Dwest to put on melo and put to shut this Linsanity !
any solutions/strategies? :) interesting study, keep me posted, would love to know more when it's out.
Betty Lash exclusively offers Faux Mink Lashes. Perfect Curl, light weight, long lasting... Come in and see the difference...
i invented you. i will destroy you.
It is LOUD up in here today.
Company X under bids my company a few mos ago. Today a dev from company X asks me through Linkedin if I can help him with a problem
Happy Birthday to my lil lady
you rule. RT I don't like social encountering.
#ireallywant him to not have a girlfriend
I have a huge craving for a Schkotzky's sandwich but they no longer are in Illinois!
Cam Newton and Panthers go to Super Bowl this year
“: "Philanthropy provides the edge for excellence in higher education."”
The Somali community doesn't want alcohol sold next to the youth community center
Stop calling new at work! I don't want to talk to you!
This HYFR video is fucking weird dude
thanks! Am so relieved
Happy Early Birthday Babe! love ya forever i love watching you grow as a singer and a person! beena fan since you turned 15!<3
I wonder why?...hum couldn't be the combo of eggs..berries and ketchup...blek
Also collaborative academic-community ventures, each with different expertise but equal voice.
I really hope I get all of these pieces ready for C&W.
Crying my eyes out.. No big deal.
Ugh this girl is not dat pretty, give up bitch! Ur a fake bitch. Ewe look @ her. Words of wisdom from the wife of the WWW. World wide web
loser gangbanger fuck, we are utility workers not the FBI. Go back to your pathetic existence. Just don't shoot me..ok thx.
Auto Bailout: "Tonight, the American auto industry is back."
run #tkcproblems? Nope. I don't even follow them. They just rt me a lot.
Wish I had the last minute of Nancy Richardson speaking. What a great message!
If deadpro played a show at cosmic charlies would you be willing to buy some tickets for it?
m...love those fresh apples and your family oriented style. Everyone...go to !
When people pop up to you just to tell you how amazing and beautiful your best friends are. K. Thanks. Makes me feel great to know that.
GO CELTICS! Now I understand why lol
Thank you so much for your support and RT.
lol jelly how r u
Yo if you didn't see it yet, check your email. Let me know what you think!
I picture the Koch Bros laughing maniacally in their lair on a private skull-shaped Island w perpetual thunderstorms.
There's like 20 people running and a really skinny white guy wearing nothing but short shorts and sneakers
Where is Aaron Horkey? Ready to be blown away in 2012!
Excited to have working with us for #NYE. The body painted model will look AMAZING. Watch this cool vid!
best case. Worst is, we go down in flames of ignorance.
Update: I still don't understand why twitter is so popular.
Watching Voice looks like made his choice #Katrina Parker. Sorry ladies :'(
A 2 acre bmx park in your backyard. That takes my breath away and I don't even have a bmx bike.
Don't want to admit, but hard to counter the "If it's not on the net it doesn't exist" argument for *most* non-specialists
that we could! Well nice to meet ya
Hey there someone left there glasses here?
How many licks does it take to get to the tootsie roll center of a tootsie pop?
Me either. And he can't complain how people hate someone who signed on with the South Beach Scum.
gearing up for tonight's double shot of CJE + Sonia Sanchez and solo action at Hideout for Sandy Bull record release. Good vibes abound.
/libraryfolks Is there a diff b/w 3M book tattletale and the disk ones? Would a 3M book strip harm a dvd if placed in the cover?
Can't wait! Btw, your new album totally rocks! I heard House Rules a few weeks ago on TV as an intro to a football game
Yes Sir
Mother's day shopping with my sister :).
UNIVERSAL STUDIOS HOLLYWOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Went to a great conference today at the Association of British and Irish #Lusitanists ( #Portugese ). Thanks to all the lovely people there
Midnight in #albuquerque, drunk again on a Lil wildturkey
the crew of artists is growing--come on out and join the fun! Please keep beverages in a generic cup.
That's cute, Julia. Day-oh!
Why are you trying so hard to fit in, when you were born to stand out?
Haha haten lame hoes sneak diss for a show and real bitches shuts shit down and keeps doing them! Confront a mf if your brave :^)
Showering violence with violence is not a good tactic. If you want to treat someone a lesson, don't go down on their level.
Definitely noted :P
I met him last year. and couple times while he was in florida this year:)
So proud of of myself I finished 2 chemistry chapters plus the quizzes in the back..now I'm ahead yay <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Thanks for the RT!
I'm not ''Republican let everybody else starve and die'' rich..but this life of mine is nice...real nice..,#praisesdue& given
Making mozzarella sticks aka fried cheese because ive lost control of my life
4 Days Left for Saving $200 on Professional Resume Services...
Please not at the expense of the American tax payer. The party to embrace fair concessions will be the hero.
Ima Richmond Texas nigga trying to come up in the big city of Houston. Who gon stop me?#Tony Montana#
I wanna watch the game with all fakers fans
Last night of spring break..
Hm... Presidential Daily Diary doesn't quite match Nixon WH phone records. Which one is inaccurate?
Done with work ready to relax
idk you tell me
how gay is it that i havent been to the beach all summer? yeah, happy freaking labor day everyone.
#eluna09 Changes in scholarship will mean changes in librarianship.
“: Just heard "pretty eyes" by & its amazing. #truetalent! <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>” ILY! We seriously need to record a song together
(Before I get yelled at: I eat fresh fruit 99.5% of the time. Today I sent the last orange with Erin, which is why I'm wearing 100% juice.)
Danger time for the #Pacers, they'll get blown out in the second quarter if they aren't careful.
Happy Easter everyone - I've got your forecast on 10TV this morning!
Creavity abounds in the wonderful world of flavored vodka - saturday morning cereal flavors!
Not looking forward to saying bye to everyone.
Finished the last of the edits for Dani - model. On to the next!
One Jug Of Wine, Two Vessels fans, Jake Bellows plays at Good Hurt in Venice, CA on Oct 30th.Costume Contest with prizes ftw
how was crowd size?
can i even complicate your breathing?
I'm in suucchh a great mood :)
just went bowling with giant balls!
and now he tweets youu (:
Armani is gone but not forgotten 08/15/95-02/23/2011 painfully I had to say goodbye to my baby Armani who was diagnosed with cancer.
to one of your games? He would be in heaven if you could get him in to meet the guys and watch the game. It would make his dream!!
Sounds awesome. Let's see it!
Not texting back eh!?!
?spam? Is this a trick question?
all I want for my bday is for aye ladies to start playing every time I walk into a room. ! Lmao thanks boo! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
It's a gorgeous day here in Indy!!!
KOBE BRYANT ON FIRE
That just means you need to come to so you can have some DELICIOUS goodies from ! ;)
that's what it do! I c u! The best thing you can do as an artist, model ets is brand yourself. You def got it down!
please Follow My Friend and I will Follow You Back.Let me know That You Did.Thanks
Follow Me?
have a great show :)
Hey C&I Twitter Tribe! check out our video for "A Sailor's Attitude!" RT RT RT :)
love waking up to you too:) Bringing you the gift of shoes tomorrow! haha
Dinner with my mom tonight #stoked but no alcohol for me tonight got to trashed with last night!
Guys what mens-entertainment you can shove it cause your a headache.
I know right it's awesome yeah I goto
then learn lol <U+E42D>
but I ain't easy doe (;
Hunt reading from her book
I wish everyone the best on their EOC!!!
I LUFF YOU GUYS!!! KEEP THE FOLLOWING GOING!
Ugh FAU could be a little more helpful with scheduling. And not charging $130 for orientation. And ridiculous student parking fees.
sorry you can't come to santa barbara for #campcourage but I didn't want to steal you from #toniatkins #re2010 event tmrw
OH Speaking of Cheese. What about a NYC restaurant serving Breast Milk Cheese? Yuck! Like watching a video of your own birth!?!
Just saw another Clean Electuons ad. Why is Az spending money advertising for its bureaucracy?
It is not the size of a man but the size of his heart that matters.
“: I need a new Dj!!”. is that guy give him a shot he won't let you down
no it happened , ask melissa and chase and bryant .
8 yrs wit my bd...he still knows how to hurt my feelings...damn near wanna cry...but dnt want the bestie to clown me :/
anyone want a invite?
Busy day tomorrow, going to sleep night twitter <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Had someone "message" yell at me for not accepting their FB friend request. Someone i literally have never met. FB freaks me out sometimes.
Wow, that's really nice that you built them their own house! They should have felt like kings!
sorry my account keeps getting hacked!
It's 315... Just why
In LBB airport awaiting flight home from #nar11 Fantastic time with colleagues and faculty. Thank you and safe travels!
perfect headphones for when my wife doesn't want to hear me shooting aliens!
Thanks for following us!!
Lesser known #soccer team names & sponsors: MENACE 2 SOBRIETY. Sponsored by Bacardi.
Pineapple milkshake.
Just purchased renter's insurance. It's definitely a rebuilding year.
Chewing sweet tarts & gum together >>>
is thinking that maybe if she went to class, did her reading, and turned in things on time, she wouldn't be pulling an all-nighter.
But they were talking about when they had their period and had sex. And they went into detail. I was extremely disgusted.
Slimmered down? I hope that's not implying I was plump before, haha.
I'm not a Tebow fan, but hate the #pats more. #onegamebandwagon RT I'm a Tebow & Broncos fan today. #FuckthePatriots!!!!!
OMGOMG PLEASE COME TO BOSTON.
Hell, ya! RT : The Long Beach State Mascot is straight from the book of aweome. That guy's chin and dance moves are top notch.
haha thanks man
After Party At My Place Who's Down?
hahaa, really kyle?
how many concerts have you been to in the past 2 months 8?
I wonder how far a soccer ref runs in one game
Tasty show tonight!! Check out a replay of Single Chef now at www. Theroomlive.com
Early start to the day; have a monster "to do" list before me. What's on your agenda today?
will you two be joining us for the screening of "Waterhole #3" tomorrow evening?
Thanks for tweeting about the CityLit Festival and the legal issues workshop! Much appreciated!
Feels so good to be outta school (:
I wasn't planning on it but I saw you were at 11% so I said fuckit, let him get to an even 10% left
Sixers are gonna get smacked in the semi finals they play with no heart they only want to play when they feel like it.
Kevin Allen joins the guys next to discuss the NHL Playoffs.
Ill ask him? It was put to dvd from vhs tape?? Might have something to do with it? Made in 2000? On vhs #MuchoImportante!
Alley Hector! Thank you so much for your continued love and support! We love you, babe!!!
Knowing the exact moment that someone is reviewing and judging your work is scary… sitting next to them as they do it terrifying ..
Everything says is a lie. Except this: RT Yes indeed 3/24 HEAVY HAND w/ & 10pm
One of my guitar students just showed me how well she can play the first bit that I taught her of #Beatles "Blackbird"! I love this job :)
I've been developing it for awhile...with the help of my Harvard friends.
Yeah, he should be the #1 pick. But all these sports clowns/analysts like Luck, so all eyes are on him. Sucks!
You are awesome. Don't be nervous.
Aleatory, prehensive, algorithmic immortality! for those not in the future prison of everywhere, that is!
<U+266A>Richie Dagger's Crime - Germs (MIA) - The Complete Anthology
I was discussing with how KALE would make a great band name yesterday...we're onto something.
When did belts become optional?
If i can sleep
happy birthday!!!
yeah ,I got my man released a tape. Want to review?
good foo. Just goin down to SC with family for vacation :)
May 31st I will be event at Howward Theater to support and !!!
love us much! We shall do it again soon!
BACK TO BACK TO BACK JACKS!!!! #THATSASTREAK !!! 3 In A Row ! Wow Santana CRUSHED the ball!!!!
4 games in a row this week with an injured foot? I think yes!! Gotta carry the team!
Drinking a nice, refreshing glass of water in Boston...
At work so I'm following the #oscars via twitter. Oh how technology has made life so accessible!!
thank you so much girl :)
Kind of a dreary day here in Austin today, for a variety of reasons that out-span just the weather.
What color #shirt r u more likely to wear? White, black. or red need #feedback #followback #poll - thank you! Shirt Guy Direct 954-245-8380
I'm off to Studio V to interview Vin Scelsa for this project we're calling The Art of the DJ.
Mom got out the home videos. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Thnx 4 the follow. U got an interesting concept. WE subscribed 4 more info. WE Liked your FB pg too. Check out AgooBiz!
New feature! Now using your OpenSpace account, you can log in and request OpenSpace Amenities, such as a locker or a parking space!
lmao fosho. All great artist. Ha when's the last time u heard a Dré Sams track? =O
Neighbors just reserved a big section of the street for Steelers game parking. Think I should mention that it's being played in Cincy?
Back at the tables for wsopc event 3.
who the hell is roger. My name is not roger.
I'd like to see either the Kings or Rangers win. LA is solid though
I REALLY want to go to Scouts camp this weekend. Then, I realize that I have finals next week and I haven't even started packing my dorm =/
David Bell, sales development & training, Houston, TX, improving performance
bitch I got to much to tell u smh...
oops video by
Users will decide whom and what to trust as they "follow their nose" navigating linked data - Dekkers
Gold on the ceiling -> little black submarines by blows my mind
Friday Prayers.
contact me if u ever need actors
For once I just want someone to tell me I'm worth it .
Weird :) I did not know but that is awesome that you are using Two Good Farms. Need any help gardening please let us know.
Just deleted the Facebook for Android app. Peace
Idaho gas industry enters new phase
follows me omg. my IDOL from way back.
Live for today - Plan for tomorrow - Party tonight!
Revision this weekend. Making a pledge that I won't go on Twitter during that time..
Only good thing about Dark Shadows was the new trailer.
We all will. You will always reign supreme.
Wuts all dis blue tweet stuff!!!!!!!!
Writing is such a painful and tedious labor of love.
Indians with papa and Dewey!
If you re out in johnson city, tn... Check out our friends the smackdabs tonite at stir fry!!
I bet my typical Saturday shindig was better than the #RossMorganRager lol
I only used 19 minutes on my cell phone last month. I wonder if they make under 25 minute plans??
The audience would start a slow clap-puccino.
damn im in ohio cant make the young whales !!
Welcome to my world!!
Asked ubersocial to show me everyone near me. It must think I'm in the UP of Michigan. It's only 500 miles off.
Our friend is looking for a NY based assistant for the next week or so. It'll be lots of fun. And probably involve kittens.
Participating in a breastfeeding support group proved to be an incredible source of encouragement for me!
I need a nigga
*licks lips slowly, still tasting you, smiles softly* g'nite.....baby
That went well. The F-List. First two episodes. Done.
All day I thought it was May 11 but it's not yet. I think I just want May 18 to get here already so I can go to DC + see my honey + friends.
“: SLEEPY SWEET BABY RAY! Lololololol”
Rainy day in #NYC... What are you guys up to today?
Where did the Sun go? ^~)
Thanks, Ellen.
for the next month
if he's safe, chug it
Rape: Not in the 10 commandments? But don't say the dudes name with a shitty attitude or ull end up in hell. Interesting.
“ There are so many blessings, so many things to be thankful for. Don't let one ungrateful individual ruin your day..!”
CORE VALUE#2 You will always belong in this family. Rom 8:15
thanks for the follow (: followed you back.
This weekend >>>
Great job on sound today at #LIGFest Brendan - you are a master!
Join the SS&Si Dealer Network for great savings and incredible support! 866.364.0030
How can you have a Hall and Oates compilation w/o "She's Gone!?" Disaster.
look who's on twitter YAY ! Follow him for good times!
Favre = dick
networking. Hustle. And not being greedy, just trying to offer our clients the best products and info.
Nothing like TX hospitality. Thank U 4 graciously hosting #SMILEcon this week. Kicking off this evening w/ at the Aloft
Good morning!!!
A BIG THANK YOU for the follow! Have a great day!
Hi amor! *Waving hi back at you*
watching DWTS while I'm working (shhhhhh) and Rob Kardashian was so much fun to watch! Ricki Lake was pretty good too. Who's your pick?
When your friends believe in you although you yourself have doubts :)
Bout to get my nails done, then hair appt at 3! (:
that's good. Was it packed?
A roar from the crowd at London's Guild Hall when Denmark's Noma wins top spot at #worlds50best restaurant awards for 3rd year in a row.
Please follow
we will get use to it :$
Gary Cannalte's forecast: bit.ly/xmpb7 Windy and colder with a chance of some flurries
Gotta bop to the top!
all my ink is black & suicide wrist red...
we can do our house!
wouldn't mind seeing you go though! BUST
Up too early. .
you're so annoying shutup >.>
Learning how to forgive
PrettyGoodwithWords is real and not a spambot. Hopefully this tweet is useful as evidence of that. Sincerely, PGWW Spambot
hey lasso! thanks for the follow hope things are well in your corner! DM us to see what the latest is! -NHF
The seed is planted. Be on the lookout for buggies cruising down 30th St. any day now.
Must head out, thanks #musesocial folks and for facilitating! Looking forward to next week's convo
Despite Barbour being all that, I think this guy is going to be prez one day-the horror
positive thinking!
IM GOIN TO START A NEW IB LOVE STORY !! :D Soo ! would anyone wanna be in it ? (:
Yo insisto que las Rushers son tan encantadoras!Rushers Live For The Rush:)x
happy thanksgiving !!!
Hopefully will have it fixed in a few hours when I get home.
": S/o and Happy bday to my nigga in Houston tx tonight" im n caroloton tx fwm lol
Thank you for joining us on a tour! Did you enjoy yourself?
Fat Al not up to game shape for the skins..go figure.pffftt
At what point can you just kick people out of your house because no one is going to be able to finish this fucking game of Trivial Pursuit?
cuz I said that same shit right after the graduation tests junior year. Lol
I have one now!!
you are missed!!!! Very very much.
I need to cut the habit of missing you
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Eleanor Roosevelt
staceygreenwell: Back home and mostly unpacked, thanks for a terrific week
Going to bed! Going to play temple runner during after and before school! >:)
Feel better now. Good stuff!
#ov103 Don't sweat missing the fly-by ... between networks news channels and YouTube there will be wall-to-wall coverage by evening
True power comes from within, and it has a spiritual rather than a material foundation. It is permanent and does not die with your body.
Going to bed when the sun starts coming out on a school night <
#SOLISTEN is the best song ever!!! you did an AMAZING job!
FREE Eye exam @ Macy's for the 11th annual designer eyeware trunk show-LOVE it! Pick up a Red Eye 2day for the front page coupon!
Bring Your Own Wine... Tuesday April 12, $35 - Theme Champagne
watching #DogTheBountyHunter love can't wait to see this episode with <3
Obama on : "While Dick & I didn't agree on everything ... he was often willing to reach across the aisle & get things done"
I'm too old to be playing around. My time is to valuable
Dilton totally should have his own special, even if it is a short 4 part series or something. You are totally right!
I try SO HARD to do everything I'm suppose to & more, stay positive, have fun some... But fact is I always get the shitty end of the stick.
Tonight! You give us $10, we give you all the tap beer you want, any of 10 varieties. Any questions?
omg i cant wait to meet coop d-o-double g!!! Have fun love!
Happy Monday! Bracing for a week of rain, rain, and more rain...
uk this time next week. Like AZ,
just that one email made my day turn a thousand times better <3
#nowplaying Sheryl Crow
As a Gen Xer, I appreciate the Times take on this...sorry my Boomer friends, but the rest of us a tired of your milestones
First time someone said to me, "thank-you for your service." I wish I could tell him how undeserving I am of that thank-you.
Hate when Im not disciplined and it comes back and bites me in the Ass
case of the mondays after hitting OT last night. Bright side? cap and gown ordered. shit is getting real!
I'm confused...how do you walk a parrot? And yes, I googled it. :)
You're welcome brother. God bless :)
And Louisville fans only worry about their BIG BROTHER. Period.
the selection's a little limited, but it's better than paying for something I won't watch (cable)
that would be good
if we want to do a nodejs hackathon/workshop, i'd be willing to run it
Cake balls or mini pies? What should we test first?
Is this a daily tweet now? RT : Happy Mother's Day to all the great mothers
is the test really 82 questions? Because the released test from 2009 says its just 60.
I love MY best friend . :)
Tony Lucca needs to win.
Sounds good, looking forward to hearing what's going on. M
i didn't make cheer ): i feel so stupid .
I'm doing an interview with Bavarian Public Radio in Munich this morning. I don't know any German profanity, FTW!
Finish hard
wow. Positive vibes his way.
Question??? What is the best thing that happened to you this past year????
And my main #FollowFriday fellow ditcher and still reigning champion of all things Bueller is
stimulating. I just told Justine I was skipping class tonight - full day retreat now
WTF? Woman calls in bomb threat to Oklahoma Gas & Electric over $14 electric bill
Its going to be a peaceful afternoon
I'm not going to wear tight clothes or act any different for you or the next nukka! Take me As I am or not at all :)
i got you dillion
I'm heading to Portland!
we didnt start the video yet...
its great to be home. Cruise was fun, Alaska was awe inspiring, but a little piece and quiet is even better.
GLOZELL SAYS THANK YOU AND SHE'S HUNGRY FOR SOME FRIED CALLIMARI
I fight it every day too...
Excited about the MN Record Show tomorrow in MPLS. Been in kind of a Funk lately however it's the Blues I will be chasing.
There should be tickets available at the door.
Orange, CA- need females for clothing line catalog and website. No nudity. Pay is 200 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
I can not deal with Before The Fame anymore. *takes a seat*
I got it! As soon I get my world quiet for a bit---I'm gonna call ya!
Just read a really exciting email! P-Touch tape is on sale!!! Yes, I'm a dork, and I'm going to go label things now....
What was said in that minivan, Stays in that minivan!!!!
tomorrow or Thursday?
I used Teatree oil today after my bath. That's my glam secret.
What shall I make to eat?
After eating bad 4 a month I'm lucky I didn't gain not 1 lb. Its running! I'm stuck at 116 forever so I'm not gonna stress over it anymore!
push push push
I can't get myself fully involved, but I try to watch it sometimes.
Todd Adrian of Edgewood, Brian Miller of MSOE, Matt Siverling of Superior and Oliver Drake of Ashford all quality finalists at Eau Claire.
Thank you Robbie!! :)
Okay bitch your not Tyra Banks so please step off your high stool.. your only a nasty deltona model!!! Lmao
#FF Thanks for great inights this week!
#RHOA are a mess.
That chipotle commercial was awesome! Loved the animation, message, and music.
hahah well definitely not HS. Austin in general. And Coachella
ill be the assistant that watches them and gives u recaps lol
If it doesn't involve baseball or other sports, I am not a reporter. Come on, family. You've known this for 20 years.
Yeah this is weird
Well I am in a delema... Start another painting tonight, ot rest. Finished another couple. One is just so stunning, love it.
Someone buy me tacos
MT : Southwest copied directly from PSA - the copier won and the innovator faded to obscurity
Out riding
$15 per class session for beginners and level 2 Private class $75 per hour per person Program cycle special for Beginners $75
not to but in....but reminds me of Jose Canceco....almost
human body systems
Your Mama is so stupid, she sits on the Television and watches the sofa
Single and really happy :)
Just now getting around to following people back. But #iFollowBack #FollowMe #ifollowback :)
I'm on. But don't know many with an account. I will look for you!
I'm onto BIG things..
send some back i better u get better response lol
Cinco de Mayo celebrates resilience and ingenuity & Thurs COBO has both in spades w/a Latin@ comedian lineup! Show starts at 8. C/S.
May have to run to store
do u know that guy who wants us to follow him?
Damn last night was a good night.
R.I.P. Billy Mays. Your voice will be remembered for centuries to come.
No Problem, I understand. My job keep me busy from "tweeting". :)
Had a blast meeting people and inviting them to church on sunday! Every little step in obedience further the kingdom!
Spent Tues digging thru extensive archives of college papers/notes & music memorabilia circa 1994-2001. Now comes the fun part--organizing
In the good and the bad I will have joy for you are with me God and never leaves.
Oh I know! Want me to get you some too?
Stoked! Just found out that I'm going to be reading my short fiction with the crew at Stories in Echo Park in March.
Me: If you did not come to work today then you should leave. I don't have time for that. Sweet Brown ain't got time for that!
Thats a terrifying thought that did not cross my mind. It was maybe a foot and a half above the floor so went for it.
ha ha!
I laughed too! It was just so perfect for him. Inge is probably still smirking on the inside at least
Just had a UK fan let me out before all the traffic came. Way to look out for one another
Thanks,all those who bought the $1.00 breakfast tacos for the last 3 months.Today was the last day and we will let you know when it is back
": Faith that does not rest on God's grace is valueless. -Watchman Nee"
Heavy t-storm in Putnam Co. putting down torrential downpours & lightning. Other scattered downpours across Long Island. Roads are wet.
Working on my panel proposal for #msa14. So much good stuff.
enjoyin' life at the #jualumnihouse organizing events and playing on social media :)
Happy Christmas one and all!
My creative writing class is full of beautiful people with amazing minds.
Is Steve Carell making a Gary Player biopic?
Oh Oregon what shitty weather you've been having
All I want for Christmas is ubiquitous & uninterrupted 4G
Overheard at my front door, "Mini Snickers. At least it's better than nothing.". Sheesh. She got a peanut butter cup, too.
Tell me what gives YOU a #sugarrush!
<3 love you lady!
if Myra Kraft were here what would she say to you before the big game?
you already know who I fux with...
Tie game baby!!! It's on!! haha This is a nail biter.
you won 2 tickets to the March 2 New York Wine Expo! Woohoo! Thanks for retweeting on Thirsty Thursday! :D
Joe Hellerstein (of Google) speaking at #cloudfut2012 on scientific apps of cloud computing (computational chemistry and brain science).
dream setlist welcome, dear insanity, to the stage, if you cant ride two horses, hey there Mr. brooks, closure, someone ...
no have not, I haven't bought a new game in awhile! Sounds worth it though
Yeah, I'm still kinda bummed they left Akron. They were one of the best things the city had going for it ;)
RT : and are OFF THE CHAIN tonight!! Thank you New York!
Home made baliadas for breakfast yumm
And yet there seems to be so much enthusiasm for this place on Chowhound, etc. Did everyone else not notice?
Follow me i follow back i promise!:D
S/O to on your SODA award!! Happy BDay 2!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>
Great day today...
what's berlin like? Is it a nice side trip? Andrew and I are thinking of day train trips, and I have never read anything on B
I guess had bigger shit goin on than 525 West Wash.
I'm game!
Congratulations to Kelly Starr-King, Drake & Co, for her 2012 WI Trailblazer award for women in business!
really gerry... happy holidays? ITS CHRISTMAS DAY!
GO PACERS!!!
sorry for what. I just said it sounded great lol.
7,000 catalogs published in the US and they mail 11.8 billion catalogs annually
Are you looking for a screenwriter to assist in writing a script or an assistant for a screenwriter?
THANKS SO MUCH
TONIGHT THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT/ POOL PARTY IS AT CLUB FUEGO! COME JOIN OVER 1000 TEENS! LINE STARTS AT 6PM! $10 COVER CHARGE BEFORE 8PM
Congratulations, you've ruined my birthday.
Ohh and for the record, today i concluded to that i attract older men.
Women work well in community, thus if you are ready to set up your own business now, realize there is lots of good support for you to do so.
Going to start planning for the 2012 BMary benefits annual charity poker tournament. Alternatives Insurance is a proud sponser.
it its just a little disconcerting
I'm so excited you are coming back this season!
Another reason I love my fam & going to my parents' is that my mom saves all back issues of 4 me to read!
Favorite Male Singer John O'callaghan of <3
look at you repin the bulls so hard! Im stuck with the sacramento kings!
congrats & hope all is well
Hit the beach! Walking or running on sand burns about 30 percent more calories than you would on a harder surface such as asphalt.
Hey Brent! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
very cute! I have e-coli on my bookcase 2!
Tix are $10 and going fast! RT : Come join us for: Beauty and the Beast!! Featuring Dodgen Middle students. 3/23-25.
Baby up at 6am. on! I finally get to watch. Loving it! Am I the last ad gal to see it?
We'd all like to know, what's your idea of the perfect Valentine's Day?
Looks like the next show is going to be in Riverview,MI on 6/13. Any friends in the area should stop by, amazing guys!!
Text from my father: just saw HBO show #Girls last night, I'll take u off my health insurance if that's the life ur living
lol thanks carter!(:
RT: "I consider myself the end user....I make movies that I would like." -James Cameron
Josh is so corny!
Isn't the teaparty primarily concerned with the use of eminent domain? At our meetings in Fauquier, Va it is.
pray to gotye, style.
Love me some country music!!!
There are 1000s of you but only 1 of me.
'Take Shelter' is a powerful, powerful movie. "I'm afraid something might be coming. Something that's not right."
Very true! RT : A brand is like a promise: Its owned by the person who receives it. Promise maker owns the duty to fulfill.
haha yeah. we like brothers haha
Need to go fishing !
If stepping in the gum people "leave" on the sidewalk is good luck, then I am the f**king luckiest gal in the world today!
Lunch then round 4 with 02. Stay strong
but thats not the irony, its the fact that she would say to wait to have sex, but in her songs is something else. she suxs...
Thanks Danny! Good to be back.
thats precisely the topic behind my new show!
Thx! I'm thinking for Berlin, airbnb is the most fun and interesting option (since I'll prob be hotel-ing it in Munich & Bremen)
jealous!!!!! tell him i say hello :)
Michael Jordan > Kobe Bryant
I kno u hoes wit D'Angelo lines shoulda been boys...I just kno it
Sometimes all you can do is not think, not wonder, not obsess, not imagine, just breathe everything works out in the end
i hope follows me she and Megan are so beautiful and talented :)
Ha my day was kinda sucky if I didnt have my friend ari I had algebra for the whole day and a break for 2hours so I had 6 hours of algebra
I guess I send BBQ sauce instead?
What are the supplies I'm going to need the most as a new teacher?
RAKYAT TWITTER is an indonesian language, in english, rakyat twitter means "twitter folk" or the people who use twitter.
Jim Meigs of Popular Mechanics -"unless you want tablet app to look like a website pay attention to your production people." Amen.
go University of Florida, the college hometown for education and celebration of success
thanks for the confirmation! ...gaining ground indeed..progress doesn't own a clock or a calendar!!:-)
16 & Pregnant is one of the dumbest shows ever produced on MTV.
Thanks and YAY!
has always had my back since I was
Make the most of everyday, you never know when it could be your last.
Follow me, pls !!
RT : Gingrich won't make his speech until the media calls him to concede
#symantec has some of the
If I can't stop singin' total eclipse of the heart soon I'll to take a sick day! Thanks
The Fear of Pain protects us, the Fear of Change hurts us!
love is hard to find glad I found it!
It takes me 1hr to get ready for an audition, 30min to get there, 10min to wait to get called in and 3min to actually audition, actor life<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
yeah i dont know what that means either. Haha if its not 75-80ft though it just seems sucky to pay that extra money for "Imax"
"Has the great value of underlining that #Africa's future is indeed in the hands of #Africans" Africa's Moment, out now:...
RE #mytoptenfavoritebands Many of yours are mine, too!
The Mongolians by fly lowkey at school:))))
Not trying 2 be funny; but if I can be delivered... ANYBODY can be delivered
RT if your excited for June 5th. (; -Ally
"To be a true player, you need to know how to get played."
who is in the background? LOL!
A penny in a penny auction = ~.40 When the final price eclipses 45.50, that means that the company has made upwards of $2000.
Don't miss Butch Patrick (Eddie Munster) tonight from 7-9 PM! Cosi Restaurant, 4th & Chestnut Streets. www.spiritsof76.com
it's mutal
YOUR PHONE. Hahaha true
So with that said, tomorrow I'm gonna have hubby dig holes for my rose bush & yuccas. I can plant the other plants myself. It's on now!
Watching Hey Arnold !
Happy valentines day
OK I WILL
": how was ur 2nd interview?" I got the job. Get my schedule no later than monday
never say never! Remember that love! Like you said it would be fate if he tweeted you girls :)
uhh doubt it
also, seeing the Ellen James Society circa 1992 makes me feel really, really old. They look so young. And I thought they were so grown up.
I will!
MT : #CharlieHales laments urban renewal extensions "Declare victory aftr 20 years. That's the deal we made w/voters"
Please follow us and retweet to help promote our bespoke services and excellent customer service to local businesses!
I like the sound of that RT youchoose on twitter. I'm just saying....
I love you xo
Tim and I am so weak. Broke down and bought ANOTHER AG Doll for Fridah.
Coming Soon GREAT Spring Sales, Especially 4the Physicians practicing! Get N on the HITECHpayments before it's 2late! Beautiful day fromLPMR
Congrats to the following: 3rd Prize: Joy Molter Tee Shirt 2nd Prize Mary Ellen Lavra Margarita Set 1st prize Monique Willis iPod Nano
You're one french fry short of a happy meal.
thanks Choo Choo, we'll be watching for them.
I suggest all department stores supplement the salaries of employees during the war the same as the city provides for city employees. [1943]
Dakota Fanning is 18. Didn't know that.
10 Facebook Tips 1. Delete It ! 2. Understand twitter is way better!
picking SDSU to win the whole thing. Blind kid picking out his favorite porno.
Duke's Country Saloon in Kenosha on Friday night !!
what radio do u work for just wondering
RT : Welcome to Kentucky NERLENS NOEL!!!! #BBN smart boy
Since you like Ty's music, you should check out I think you'd love her music! Thanks!
Good brody.. I here you be on that 2k12 you need to get at me.
I have been in the company of heros. Without exception, they have been humble.~D
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
I'm hungry but I don't wanna get up and make something.
interesting thoughts
love family
Sometimes it's fun to pretend you're on the road. So I'm working from a cafe a few exits outta town. White line fever! LOL.
Practice makes perfect c;
Just left the video shoot about to go get ready for gonna be a movie so I need 2 look like a <U+2728><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><U+2728>
Don't fuck with me, you better watch a dvd
ive been on facebook more than twitter -.-.
sun sept. 4 was my first day at starbucks and it's pretty good i had a caramel mochiato
Amen to that Chog!
BTW, where was the effing Bodyguard when she needed him?
So is Pitino back next year?
: lol I have to use this.
Not even in the mood to kick it.
Tim Tebow's qualities of personal leadership can be felt and have resonance beyond football.
If I was an emcee, I would definitely work with anyone from Artifacts . . . dope pairing
Looks great! I'd hire you in a heartbeat.
Work and school, no time to get settled in the appt.
#OneThingIDontLike is having so many projects at the end of the year.
idk, it's a picture. but it made me think of you and your knack for punctuation.
Just looked through my phone, was oblivious to the hit videos I recorded.
I resemble that :)~
I'm going to try and tweet more.
Morning world :)).
itz all good ..:. How is seNior year ?
oh me to he's beyond hot in that moviieeee. I watched it in class once and just nxbdbajj almost died<3333
And we're super excited. I just found out that we go right on before your guys, gonna be an AWESOME day
Lawyers are like rhinoceroses: thick skinned, short-sighted, and always ready to charge
good show. I as well have lots of catching up to do. Only on Episode 3
Its Republicans 2 favorite causes
Fletcher question to DeMaio: why did you criticize me for accepting support from San Diego Police Officers?
Well my dear, what long arms you have. All the better to hold you down. Slap my wrist with that sweet consequence.
I hate it when i go use the ketchup, and that little dry peace of ketchup on top of the bottle, "decides to full on my food" = F#CK!
Totally psyched. Get to watch my wife play the drums for her first ever worship gig.. Just a little thing. But I'm a super proud hubby!
Thanks for the delicious potluck! Team SBB is pretty feeling pretty full right now.
Tonight I'm gonna party like the amount of people that I'm following!
Karl Malone
Motorcycle class next week!
As of 3:00pm, we need just 72 pledges to meet our goal of 1000! HUGE THANKS to our supporters - now let's get the word out for a final push!
Oh! OK! I'd hang out with Delirium in a heartbeat. Q7
That was a mistake and a half
On a binge of classical music lately - Tchaikovsky, Rachmaninov, some Chopin...
I'm an archivist through and through.
O's say only has 1 listener . They have 2 people come out to OPACY. If 3 people join this cause, does job belong to ?
: Hey Stef, just keep them in your prays!
Just in time to see 's command to follow - done!
Watch this comeback
I still don't understand your repeated response, "It's tech." Wha?
you aint never lie
Enjoying the day with the doggies.
proof cats are geniuses
ME TOO!!! literally right now as i type..lol
This will be the one summer where imma have a to do list...
Want the "All Summer" Ringtone?? Just text PUPPETSUMMER to 69937 for your free ringtone Available now
I need so much coffee right now.
In the United States, you are more likely to be killed by a bee sting than a shark attack
What's everybody doing this fine Sunday?
I will work with anybody so long as we are both building our dreams.
dammit i could have gone to the nsn and a rocket to the moon concert for free. oh fucking well.
In Gainesville almost home
El Cajon city attorney Morgan Foley telling city council what will be required for city to become an official charter city
#Finals - the time to make that last (hopefully positive) impression in your class! Come to OpenStudy to get the help you need 24/7!
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident at South 1st and St. Elmo
Yep. He was at The Kollege Klub last night.
haha..:) well let me help a bit more.. did u create a acct on hypster??
“: If she knows what's good for her, she will not text you again. #yourdogdoesntloveyou” .... Some bitch I know.
FOLLOW AND WE BOTH WILL FOLLOW YOU
better watch your back! :)
Grilled steak stuft burrito != grilled chicken stuft burrito
The only thing I want to do is sleep.
I have bad news4 u there is no whataburger in Miami well atleastwere I live but theydo have OG and I'm probgoin there 2night<3
It feels good to be free!
that's dumb
TIP: Run 1 mile for every hour of work.
Oh yeah! Merry Christmas <3 hope you have an amazing day!
I have one on my nose and I'm older than all y'all!
Can't wait to take my child to Disney on Ice in 4 hours!! RT : I'm dressed like a Disney princess today
#CRM is a strategic enabler: one firm approach, industry strategies, best practices, & unites roles within firm. cc'
Slipknot winning "comeback of the year" at the #goldengods? Who voted for THAT?
Programming is an art form that fights back.
Is poolparty abandon at this point?
really?!?!? it could do w/o xtra O's
You are most welcome. I hope that someone dances to it some day.
Sorry to hear about the website problems. Please cont working w/our Systems Dept to resolve any outstanding issues ^CH
Thanx for tha follow pretty lady
SHOW ME WHERE SHE AT DEN MY NIGGA PLEASE!!!
hullo! It really took that long?
Seantrel Henderson final college choices: OSU, USC, Miami, and Notre Dame. Wonder who he'd pick now.
I love her.
Loving the rain...
have you been before? What part are you hitting?
hahahaha O understood .
I'm emailing you today ;) keep a look out!
Thanks so much Anne! Stay tuned for a new post tonight.
I can tell fall is here in Portland and winter is not far behind by how thick my horses coat is already!
Hanging out with in #Dallas today! So much fun. Love them
haha what a good idea! I'm not quite that technologically advanced yet but that would be funny! Thank u for watching it! :)
Iggy got a lust 4 life. I got a lust 4 for lens. Tokina 11-16mm now part of kit. This Boston shoot is gonna be fun.
The world is on track to make well over 1.8 zettabytes of data this year. That's almost 57 billion iPads or 210 billion movies worth!
Tomorrow is the start of #SportsExposSLC! RT if you are going to be there!
Thanks for the shoutout - see you tonight!
I'd respect the opinion- if it wasn't dressed up & paraded around as if it were a fact. Its all hypothetical anyways until you
the dark oat whiskey is amazing u guys, good work!
“: Wanting to text someone really bad but your to scared<<” my life ok.
How many Friday Night Lights actors from the TV show are in the new Battleship movie?
lets just group chat now hahahahaha
I don't take any of those.
Buy-One/Give-One CSAs, Pick-it and Earn-it programs...
WHOA. so jealous! Joan is my idol!
I'm happy
Forgive and forget..<3
After haveing a bomb ass day yesterday, today is going 2 drag like a queen...
back in ideal shape ready to see who's really trying to hoop this summer
I think opening G+ up to anyone was a big step. I do find I can use it for more "private" conversations... like i used Wave
blow dat money like a candle...
AUSTIN!!! HEY!!! WATSUPP!! I MISS YOUU :(
LOLZ what did you say?
Loved the video of you talking about your bilateral CI.
Bacardi Diet has no calories, right? Right?
Because they know what Islam means: Islam in Arabic translation means "Surrender and be Muslim or get killed. Yes not kidding. CHECK.
They are blazing through these awards.
Congrats to my daughter for her acceptance to China summer 2012!
Which admin is good at Imagines? :P
It's a UPTOWN THANG NIGGA
come unity
When I kill a spider, I dont clean it up, I leave it there so the other spiders know not to fuck with me!
Catching Up or Leading the Way should be available at Heartland prof library. Probably not his new book yet.
We PROUDLY Present.....College & NFL football Tv packages!!!! Come Join us for ALL the games!!!!! Play our instant win game 1 in 3 Wins!
Yes I have!
Tattoo twitter on my arm then I noe its real!
Congratulations to the 2008 Safeway Classic Champion Cristie Kerr for a 12 shot victory at the LPGA Championship.
I want to move FAR away from Panama City.
Thanks samantha! and I will!! :)
best hotel on the strip by far
I don't appreciate people smoking below my window... go find somewhere else to pollute your lungs and not mine
Yeah, I talk to other guys, I laugh with other guys, and I hug other guys. But none of them will ever mean as much to me as you do....
i need food
Sunny and beautiful in good ol' Denver!
Show some love to the #family here on Twitter!
No it's you I see RT I got a vision of love & it's you I see :]
Good question!
Learning & teaching the knowledge gained to others is vital. Sharing is the best action to increase health, education and financial wealth.
I liked that one, too.
T-Minus 1 hour until Red Bull X-Fighters Dubai premiers on NBC Sports !!
Jeff Saturday, Center from the Colts
Hahaha I'm saving you, from inevitable impregnation once the sweep you off your feet <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008F><U+27A1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6>
I don't care if you like me ! I'm not a Facebook status !!
Yes, Now finally I wil!! Thanks :)
Hi John! Our collaborators come from all over, and we would love to talk about how you might be a good fit for that group!
Damn, I gotta start going on twitter more. Facebook's getting beat and beat by the day, foreal. Ctfu.
did an interview today, sharing my 'embarassing stories' and perils of being an actor in LA. Or, otherwise loosely known as therapy...
PEGGY PEGGY PEGGY
Hey , when your game's over, turn to #TBS to see who's gonna beat your Heels in the next round. #GoOhioBobcats!
Fellas a Good woman wanna feel protected, in ur arms never disconnected
Ooh that's tough - top 5 most used, or top 5 favorites.
you guys are coming over right
My pleasure, happy to help. . .
Would luv ur help! What would it do for you to know your purpose? Fill in the blank- "If I knew my purpose it would help me ________."
Happy 25th Birthday to the world's best twitter husband ever, ! I love you ;-* <3
I love big storms... They let me stay inside without feeling lazy.
A handwritten postcard goes a long way. Thanks, - glad to be supporting the project!
I wonder if will ever get into Twitter again
lol! he knows better, i think he was just messin with me or she wanted to meet me. either way..
Go home you lazy bastards! Tired of you wasting taxpayer dollars on your garbage!
At Oxford Internet Institute 10th anniversary conference
oh that's ok... I understand!!
LOOOL bring your spam on :P
Artists. When a contest or review requires you to pay for submission it's a scam. Find people that will actually enjoy and respect your work
We are planning to go to the island of Oahu any ideas on accommodations??
wondering what other companies are doing for talent mgmt in these tough times ... DM me with any cool initiatives you see or hear about
Thanks But it was all him, he did great!! “: My congratulations to winner and esp to champ's coach !”
great idea! RT : I'd like to see a student edcamp/edcafe that starts with questions...their own questions.
That is the kind of play Gamel needs to keep making.
Stupid Phone..!
When is your RHW spoof show coming out???? PLEASE!?
Mad shout out to will follow back like me
Thanks Sherri, you're so sweet!
"i'm awkward and unromantic"
So jealous that my friends ran into and and I'm here in Indiana. /: Merrrr.
03 Robert Pecota Winery Kara's Vineyard #Cabernet. Classic expansive nose. Cherry, blackberry, oak, sweetness. Fully evolved. 86 pts
Just ask and you shall receive:)
no fair! I want to go! Haha! Well who knows b/c the boys are going to try to make it back. That's what I heard...
Mujer! You are an inspiration. I'm going to miss knowing you're in D-town. So happy for you too. New adventures.
Thank you for supporting Dream Job! We're excited to be part of the family! &Thanx to Leigh
Just drove past what appeared to be APD's finest giving some homeless folks a hard time. Merry Christmas? Bah.
Which city?
What's the difference between the Obama Administration and organized crime? One is organized. (from )
And I'm pretty sure is partly to blame.
PRETTY GOOD! Just doin it everyday.
lets be hella nasty tonight so i know its real!
“: Cruizing the streets of Berea with the Guns and Roses blasting.”—When I think of Paradise City, I think of Berea, Kentucky.
Thanks for the heads up!
Apparently a funeral home started following me two days ago (on Friday the 13th). As a precaution, I just wrapped myself in bubble wrap.
Good question. The success metric aspect would be interesting Should marketers be compensated like salespeople?
LOL finally made it back home from a wild nite in ATL
almost one thousand #twitter #followers #followback #teamfollowback <-- NO ROBOTS!!!
Uh oh... bought some new and really expensive gear?
Lost On LeMans had a blast yesterday on Broadway!
Damn thats fucked up. How they get ur card?
Thank you for the follow! How's the market in Ontario? #Miami has seen a lot of Canadian interest in #RealEstate lately.
Thanks, bro!
Grandaddy's gun :)
and you represent us women beautifully. U go girl
I'm here to entertain. But sometimes we all just might learn something along the way.
Im honestly really negetive about everything, and people usually hate my opinion.
i dont understand your need to SLAM your skateboard on the ground every time-or your need for a skateboard at all...really?!
I need to start coming on here more, I forgot how much I love being on here!
It's Friday the 13th, I coached a client named Jason today, and now I'm listening to Thriller.
omg my store manager and other manager are legit arm wrestling
Ever think about booking a live internet only show?
deff need to..QU was just not my thangg:/
Nice to connect!
He came to my house for dinner last month!:D
Congrats on the show Khleo!! <U+E056><U+E418>
Oh my God, this conference room is -7 Degrees.
Okay, so we helped a fellow cop cover up the murder of his wife and got away with it. We think that's pretty good. So why's everybody mad?
sorry about that! We missed seeing you, and would be nice if it were easier to see slides, but otherwise okay.
Happy Hump Day! Hitting the sand early... Beach Body workouts on SD6!
ADD ME ! Mr.Entertainment ! ADD ME ! Mr.Entertainment ! ADD ME ! Mr.EntertainmentADD ME ! Mr.Entertainment ! ADD ME ! Mr.Entertainment ! !
is bullshit in your contacts?
we do! We offer writing coaching, manuscript critique, copy/line/developmental editing, ghostwriting, workshops & more!
Pres. Obama will be in town, which means serious traffic.
Wow, that's nuts.
Do as the pro's do, Omega 3's supplements given to many pro athletic players thought to help "protect" brain from injury.
Yeah goal Penguins!!!! Tyler Kennedy
Awkward++ when she sees this tweet: RT that awkward moment where you write down a casual acquaintance as your emergency contact.
ah ur mom is 2 precious doing laundry on Mday!!!!! go help her : -
who knows good tips to losing weight fast? summer is closer than I thought. gotta get that beach bod;)
Small world, at dinner w Carla Hayden and she's talking up rockstar
What the hell? I didn't know donaghy was still reffing the NBA
Fireball in the sky, did ya see it?! We have great video of the meteor+ we are first to report APD will enforce no refusal Super Bowl wkend.
I'm doing well. Thanks for asking.
We've got a few months. We'll think of something.
Join in or share! The #mental #health blog party is going on now! Don't miss out!
Happy Mountain Day! Hope you all got some delicious pie :) and enjoy a beautiful fall
Lolz! RT post sxsw twitter means all my mentions are back to just plain spam.
I tell you my secrets because I love you.
#Be the one people love working with bc they know you always deliver. I've got a few of them in tow and am never letting go!
#INXS live on VH1 classic. I loved them. Wish I had gotten to see them in concert back then.
LOL...doing a lap NOW!!
shit that I can't really say on twitter my friend lol
Porsche Travel Club Canada Invites You to Leave Your Everyday Life Behind-At the Wheel of A New 2013 Boxster
my ?: teachs setting the expectation for stu necessary, or shld stu b expected to set own high expectations?
What's a "raise?"
can I get a happy birthday to my sister she loves you. Thankyou
I want someone to play with my hair ):
Valuable questions being asked by "The Last Night of Caroline's Blues."
Dinner at The Cheesecake Factory--Greenwood Park Mall...YUMMY!
No prob. Forgot to mention the Sgt. said both suspects were arrested
torn acl for baron batch, was a risk to take he had a horrible injury in college which dropped him rounds,,,poor kid!
I'm Off This Good Night
ikrr! Is it an app available on android??
I can't let the weekend ruin my new work schedule. Looks like I'll be up 'till the wee hours of the morning.
I wish it would hurry up and rain so it could wash all this pollen off my car :-/
why hello :)
If you're gonna be two-faced, At least make one of them pretty.
At IUPUI's graduation looks like its about to be a min...
you bet. I'll make sure to post any & all wiener related news.
hey guys - we're getting the same tweet from you every few hours, which was cool the first 30-40 times...
we gone start a new clothing line "convicted army".
WOw I hope he reserves that Twitter name now cuz someone will steal it and pretend to be him.
Vegas. Next weekend. Can't wait. Yay!
While you busy trying to fit in, Imma stand out!! Words to live by
Megan Carter rawks harder than Slayer. It is true!
That was all my sister's nail polish and she bought more today. Reminded me of you lol
Indeed. You've been here before though. Push through.
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime unexpected arrival
Right now on the TJMS: Roland Martin's putting some purpose in the party!
Friends, please check the IndieGoGo link from my last RT's. Very important. Help spread the word and fund this amazing musical. I'm so...
i wanna be a vs angel
Same shit, different day.
Any way we could hook up with you guys in the near future? Love the show!
Ad Click-thru falls as Facebook time climbs to 16% of all consumer time RT
ahh I got hacked! Wtf! That's not my biz plan, I swear! :)
PLEASE fucking call me out on it. I will embarrass the fuck out of you.
following both of y'all. Follow back.
don't scare me like the UK, still #1!!!!!
Tweet from #Stutz Artists Open House tonight at Sat afternoon using #Stutz hashtag please
If a bee stings me in the woods and no one is there to hear me scream did it hurt?
So I sleep around with everyone and have STDs.? That's funny, seeing I'm a virgin.
and I thought I was the only one who came up with shart inspired songs. "Shart thru the heart" is my masterpiece
you know. SE Asia
now I feel like I offended you and I feel bad haha.
Every single one of our visitors has come from foreign countries today — Japan, Russia, Florida.
My elephant leg can hardly fit into my yoga pants. Agh.
Maybe a little on ?
It's
Having strength, having the power. #HappyHumpDay ;^) peace&love
thank god you listened to that primal gut feeling and are here today to help others as well
Annoyed by people cheating to get stickers on
Aw, I think you need to fix that!
Keep your friends close but keep your enemies closer.....on a leash...and preferably locked up.
Would love to help build a "tips n tricks for data clean-up" list. We shld start an interactive forum somewhere
Kentucky bound in 34 hours :)))
LMFAO. A WEEK? omg. just cause your older. thats hilarious.
Let's be real. The new lyric video broke my heart...the final picture missing just feels so real that he might be done.
It was just before 4 pm, and upgraded to a 6.2, 150 mi W of Bandon. Not felt, but a good excuse for missing a putt. :)
Pop up ads/ messages are not welcoming. I just want to read the article/ get the information...nice if the headline isn't deceiving, too.
I put all my genius into my life, I put only my talent into my works - Oscar Wilde
Thanks man! XX
I'm free!
session done til tomorrow
I need a second job !!!
So new name is Brittney if mine is Derek
#FlyMeToLondon yes please!
"It takes six or eight years to get educated in one's art, and another ten to get rid of that education." ~ Ezra Pound
If you missed the designers, follow I use her to get details on Rob Pattinson's wardrobe :)
dude tickets are cheaper than #ducks tickets believe it or not
I do to! Is holiday madness contagious?
I know who this is about!
up procrastinating on not doing real work
My boyfriend stole someone's number. Not their phone, their number. I think that's the easiest way to describe this situation.
well if u ever workin out back in mke lemme kno cus i coach and do workouts o whatever and I wouldnt mind watching one of urs!
#nowplaying Common --Faithful.
Want to wish somebody a sweet new year? Do it with divine treats from William Dean Chocolates, available at The Chocolate Library.
I think the sky is on fire...
we would but me and Olivia gotta go gambling again at the casinos... we are addicted.
Getting 4 hours of sleep tonight lol that's always cool
Thanks for the retweet! Keep spreading the word about our fundraising campaign!
I'm just going to eat it like a candy bar and enjoy the looks I get.
Happy first day of spring! What are you doing to celebrate? Ice cream sounds pretty good to us...
when is my other package gonna come?
Dude, Kahlil Bell just tweeted us!! That's frigging AWESOME!
clippers play tonight!
I hope feels beeter soon. My day isn't the same with out her </3 I have no one to listen to me be rude..
Apparently I sent some spam. Changed my password. Sorry everybody. Let me know if you keep getting it.
Today I am thankful for ice packs.
RT : “When anyone tells me I can't do anything … I'm just not listening anymore.” -Florence Griffith-Joyner
Congrats to Kevin Stephens for winning our Holiday Gift Certificate Contest & a $100 EOI Gift Certificate! Thanks to all who entered!
Yep yep yep
Ready for 5th floor pitch-in! Thanks for organizing it!
We'll double check with our sales manager and let you know! Gorgeous car, isn't it?
If you train hard, you'll not only be hard, you'll be hard to beat.
holy sweet seats!!!! Wrigley is amazing :)
I think they're great! I wonder if would consider making branded ones..
Thanks for the follow. Would you want to review any XO Skins Protectors?
New Year's Eve plans yet for 2010????
tell me about it
not now
i told her OK i C yu den i gave dat ass a Thunder clap
and at 'em!! Have a great day...starting with a daily dose of 10TV!!
is getting ready to pack for a wedding in Maui!! See you in a week! <3 :)
i'm starting to dislike you more and more
Stewie practicing for the olympics <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> lol
ITs coming..the Facelift of WfB...Feb 1
Disney playlist on Pandora
As hectic as life has been lately, I'm reminded why I don't play the lottery. My life is an embarrassment of riches. So grateful, blessed!
can't say I disagree lol
Why's the GOP surprised women feel attacked by the #waronwomen? Did they think we wouldn't notice 80+ laws taking our rights, health, and $?
Only LCD Soundsystem fans may get my last tweet.
Sometimes taking arisk is worth it It can change your life or make you stronger youll never get the exactsame opportunity the 1sttime around
i want someone to sing boyfriend to me
hell yeah
Joke RT ": Bron had dude iso'd at top. and, passed it to the corner to Shane Battier, got it back, passed again"
I would be the only girl in my math class.
What. No. They are both magnificent.
Artists, bands, indie labels etc...follow to get FREE advertising to promote your music worldwide
RT New HD vid for "been there done that" prod. By PREMIERING TONIGHT
Happy mothers day to all my brothers mothers they make me feel like their son
will do.
“: Hubie.Brown, Jeff Van Gundy, and Mike Breen should commentate every NBA.game” strongly disagree. Hate JVG.
New photos from the the Rotary Club Luncheon are on our Facebook fan page!
Most endangered list....Boones Mill Depot, Franklin Co. Can be bought for $1.
#ReasonsToPoopAtWork you get paid.
Breakfast with Don this moorning!
Whoomp there it is!
Did not know there were coupons for clothing. Wonder if the mother knows... She probably does.
yes... the #GIRLTALK cd is that good. what else did you expect?
Walking into Walmart with a water gun and saying "This is a hold up." Then saying "Oh my bad!!! I need Target!"
Are you ready for some Football ! GO RAIDERS.
Excited to see funny guys who can't bowl tonight , i'm talking to you
You don't half get some strange conversations in waiting rooms. Today's: Knee Pads in trousers!
the Devils can come back and win the series. One loss is nothing
RT Online Job Training | OSHA construction safety course | RT
him n I are complete opposites tho. So it gets weird sometimes lol
Trade up and get Courtney Upshaw.
#Let'sBeReal, I only call girls Hoes because tha Harder you work with them the weaker you get.
congrats on your achievement!! I will let you announce exactly what it is!!! Congrats again!
Speechless. , congrats. Thanks to everyone for tweeting along. I'm going to go drink shitty beer in a dark corner now.
let it sink in! soak it all up like a sponge!
Everybody has there season to shine.. don't envy the person who has it now!
It's the GGGRREEAAATT NY Mic Off ! Jessi Campbell
RT Dismissing #SXSWi as a big party is like dismissing Twitter as stupid because it's only about who's eating a ham sandwich.
Grounded for a long time.
yes, you have a great point!!!
currently reading your book on my Kindle and greatly enjoying it. Any more books coming out on the near future?
Everything happens for a reason. Finding that tough to believe right now. Luckily I have great friends.
retweeted from just north of London. Glad I checked in when I did. Going to pass out now.
Just curious. How much profit did Clear Channel make last year? And how much did its CEO take home?
You're on a trip somewhere every couple weeks right? I know...work, work, work! ; ) I'm going to Chicago w/fam early April!
i think there is an aranciata cart, no? can anyone help with this?
I wonder am I demanding, I wonder if am ..... what I am
I love short chicks... #dontjudgeme. Not midgets but just short lol
it doesnt matter because Nirvana.
Dear person who has the username I want and hasn't tweeted since 2010: (>_<)
his graduation is on Sunday! That dude is getting old!
THANK YOU! I shouldn't have to pay for my lactose intolerance!
they need to give T-Dawg more responsibility and speaking roles, oh and a chick.
I just backed in the garage! Tweetin' all the way home! Hahahaha! Gonna <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> for a few then build go some muscle #BeastMode <U+2764>U!
Just talked with the guys , they are going to be huge! Good stuff
#Loex2012 make a shopping list of ingredients for the Library Instruction meal
i found someone that talks some language dat i dunno what is but i think u'll lik 'er (
Anyone up by CalArts library want to do me a solid? I could SERIOUSLY use a digital copy of "Reggae Passover" right now…
So much to do. Going to bed. Finishing with emails and stuff tomorrow. Gotta get over this cold/virus I have!
that Will Smith movie?
would this be the appropriate time to announce that I will accept bribes?
What a wonderful, bright morning. Happy Monday Everyone! Let's Rock it this week!!!! :D
Thanks.!! Kelli in couple of hours I have an exam.!!!!! :)
Really excited to walk on the sidewalk again. It's the little things...
Thanks a lot, glad you appreciate it. What would you say is your favorite track?
Wishful thinking, I know. :) Had hopes to shake your hand for making me giggle so much.
HA! Yeah okay... is getting a lot of hate guys. seriously stop. theres nothing wrong about crying over someones relationship.
I'm obsessed with you. Tell Joel McHale I said hey. Over sushi. Collabing. In the ceiling. Word.
Mom:i have mushrooms on my feet Me & my bro: lmao haahahahaha r u going to eat them? Mom: what?i was singing to the song Me:o_O ~Summer <3~
School week over! Weekend = Racing<3 first race of the year!!!
Ha! Indeed.
It's nothing like open a brand new book from the bookstore, its like the smell of a brand new car or opening the box to a new pair of shoes
Ever since the #Mariners flew to Japan... it's like a part of me has traveled there too!
Wow-thank you
smashed on some subway yo
There a right and there's a wrong once ur wrong in someones eyes u will never be seen right again
BAD LOB BUDDY
Woot RT : Yes two revisions is the correct answer! Mazel tov to those who got it right. I actually wasn't sure.
. asks at #CAM2012 when did making leave schools, creating the void museums trying to fill?
And we're still working on setting up our buying stream -- so if you have recs/requests, now's a great time to let us know.
Java is an open-source language. Long-term that copyright verdict only hurts the industry and Oracle.
I think ZZ Tops beards and sunglasses are just a defense mechanism.
We're really digging the NY Collection Dress here it really pops!! Thanks for asking-- :)
#ChuckNorris does not love Raymond...
where you at bro?
So happy to see THE REVEREND's WIFE make #13 on the NY Times best sellers list. Great feeling to see everything pay off! Congrats Kim!
happy birthday hope you enjoy the day and hope god bless you with many more
I'm wearing purple flip flops today ^-^
At the Southern Historical Association's annual meeting in historic Baltimore, MD until Sunday. Visit us at booth 52 & 53.
I don't follow MLS like I should, but the NFL preseason is also useless.
the answer to todays photo is Manhattan’s Grand Army Plaza art exhibition called Circle of Animas/Zodiac Heads
Watch your Thoughts, they become Words! Watch your Words, they become Actions!
Trying to watch yesterday's #GameofThrones episode. It's not on on Demand yet and won't give me a sign in screen. Boo.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> I said if and when I make it I'm not doing nothing to my body
2nd best part of day: Mrs Sandi offering to bake me some Dinner! -- 1st Best? Taking my 7yrol on a lunch date ;o)
dont hate on other pepole just be your self not someone els, cocky nice but just be your self.Da True 1 Mrs.oliver
ohh Daniel text me! Asap
The pacers arena is super ugly
Thank you Steve Jobs for being one of our greatest visionaries. You will live long in the hearts and minds of billions.
hahaha that tweet resulted in at least one LOL (i.e. me)
In the end, you'll realize you only have few true friends. But that's better than having many random friends.
sure thing :) I'm glad that you're feeling better!
plus the women are hotter. Always a plus.
I hate the sixth graders
Let's win this game!!
If she thinks she can do better, she can.
Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.
Oh crap, we’re not dead. I guess Asteroid 2005 YU55 just went past and we don’t get to live in a world with Thundarr the Barbarian.
#2 Will I be paid a salary or will I be paid on commission?
me too, but I am never an early adopter.
Can't wait to move...
Thx for your help!
That show is so amazing!
All of the lights!
In 1912, candy maker Clarence Crane first marketed 'Crane’s Peppermint Life Savers' . In 1913, Crane sold the rights for $2900
Feeling like I need to get away...
=( Can't Sleep.
Thankful for the man upstairs for all he has blessed me with.
i dont believe it replied to me hehehe im so happy now ive had 3 teen wolf stars reply to me and tyler
haha cuz it wasn't his voice duh !! You can hear all the effects and over dubs :o
Safe trip to Boston, ! So proud of you!
Nothing yet. I won't hear back from my editor until late June. How about you??
what rumors??
We'll see you at TONIGHT for ! Doors are at 8:30pm. See you there
I haven't gotten 8 hour straight since 2008, i'm at a point where my eyes are twitching. I'm restless.
Nice! :) RT : PRIDE = Personal Responsibility in Daily Effort. ~ Zig Ziglar
It's really hard to use Facebook without feed.
Best Gospel Song Winner! Congrats !!
Thanks for linking to Catherine!
O.o hahahaha
Bout 2 get in the Word II Corinthians 10, dinner and quality time with the BEST wife in the world!!
LA fitness Norwalk come out n ball
Thanks to for advocating for kids oral health! Dr Jones testifying now at the Capitol.
Why do god make ugly people
even worse, #instagram has only 13 employees
Lol! that made my day! im out!! :)
#MayDay I want a basket of flowers on my door when I get home.
So Is Going To New York To Do ANother Concert Instead Of L.A!D:
Burn. RT : At least she's following you!
I should just put dayquil in my mug and sip on that all day.
It's Kira's last day for walk-ins for Henna tomorrow!!! (she will still be doing henna by appointments!) come in and send her off right!!
cool! RT : Gail I just visited your site. I have an idea to bounce off of you. I'll send a DM. (not related to NYC)
ugh. I dispise greyhound racing. When will people stop abusing animals and let them run for fun and be happy?
How about William F. Buckley opeds?
Trying to focus on an article about economic clusters, but really just waiting for #workofart premiere.
O-Headley O-Hundley 0, Lord it's gonna be a long Padres season
. Hi Bernie. We hear your frustration. You should tweet more - follow who we follow to build your circle & have your voice heard.
There's just some things that you can't leave behind.
Wise men talk because they have something to say. Fools talk because they have to say something. (Plato)
I'm alive don't worry
lol....gotta get your mind onto something else instead of the work BS. Why not something that looks cool? lol
RT : Public Allies Pittsburgh accepting applications for their 2011-12 Public Allies Pittsburgh apprenticeship program.......
Hi Kev! Follow me back please! Remember: IT IS KEVEMBER! :)
There's no hope left for humankind and it ruins my appetite.
really? Oh wow I get 2 month summer thanksgiving break Christmas break winter break and spring break omg
What a day sunshine ane wonderful wheather was not a bad day!!!!
Going to be productive today.
Visit us today from 10 am - 5 pm at Morninglory in Murrysville for a Mother’s Day shopping treat: 4542 William Penn Hwy in Murrysville...
Lucky Brad :)
Good Night!!!!! To all Arianators out there and !!! Love u all!
No one falls in love with your personality at first site.
There's a certain finality to having a California driver's license and plates.
Yay, new holly work tweet! Badass! ;) RT ISS Heaters class at 9 am tomorrow, missed...due to #SXSW, but...no regrets :)
I have had mountain biking fever for at least a month now!
Relocated to social media session
I haven't forgot the picture of my room its just I need to clean it up a little and stuff and I'm being lazy
Going to add my consumption of vast quantites of Korean food tonight on my list of "arts events." Somewhere, a 4th wall will be broken down
If you are one of Zappos' 24 million customers, you might want to change your password. There was a security threat.
Give people a chance, you never know when meeting a stranger if its a potential friend or more. First impressions count! Be Kind
Thank u sir! Always got to get back to people. Didn't want to leave him hanging!
Seeing my dress hanging there makes me so anxious for promm.
I think and that is all that I am. -Wayne Dyer
making noise at MKE NOIS! All it take is 2 min, it will change your life!!!
true! No idea where "here" is though. #SXSWproblems ;)
When are you guys going to swing by ?
Harpers wrist tats: Type A / Not a Donor
Putting on my actors hat this Sunday! Successful read and booked it!
One in six Americans struggle with hunger and I'm buying fried chicken at the Circle K on Manchester by the 405 fwy.
at the end of the day what is supposed to happen will do regardless. hold on to your dream is so worth it
It's not a rebuild if the last playoff series win was in 1993. It's a build. A slow, painful build.
lol because that's all I do to mine on Thursday when teaching my Aerobics Class. So of course all my friends look like me.
Let go of that worry, enjoy the moment you’re in, and feel the genuine beauty of life that lives within you.
Good morning and how are you???
are you at Drupalcon in London now?
Justed Followed he's cute just like robert !
RT “: #HoustonFlamencoFestival 4 more days to #kickoff! Performance by #CuadroLaTempestad this Sat!
I've lost track of the questions lol
Jesus, Romney offers up more empty platitudes than what's generated by a poorly-written intro comp assignment at a state research university
nobody is asking you to read them.
9 planets, 204 countries, 809 islands, 7 seas, 6 billion people & I met your crazy ass...........
looking on magento plugins directory i'm thinking Wow..really, but there still a need in good ad-dons. more to come.
The Carpetbagger: In His Household 'Call of Duty' Trumps 'Harry Potter'
I hate when people suck their own D!ckS 4 attention... thats not swag! -__-
all of your food and treats always look so delectable!
Clippers didn't run a single play in the entire 4th Qtr and it was their best basketball all night. If that's not an indictment of Vinny...
Thanks for the follow! Hope to see you Dec. 23rd!
Maybe I should change my name to Sam Adams. Or Jose Cuervo. Or Jack Daniels. It seems like those are the only boys you'll ever TRULY love.
Absolutely devastated. Life keeps throwing me curve balls that I cannot catch.
Follow Me Please!? 52
me three!
Thanks for the follow Vince!
#GoGetters = Stop at NOTHING to accomplish EVERYTHING!!
great minds think alike!!
#dosomethingawards I did something, I took out the trash. Yea...lets hear it for taking the trash out.
Cash these runners in #Gators. Please.
Good to see you, too, always happy to see people using the research center. :)
#northuis Watch hand wringing. Gesture a bit. Calm, clear delivery--maybe a bit more tonal variation for emphasis.
let me kno when u ready
It's snowy and cold outside. Hope everyone is staying warm inside, and give to the #RISDAnnualFund!
Follow back and I'll DM you.. thanks for the response! :)
stop in at the store, they can help!
“: #ThatOnePersonInSchool that I'm 99% sure stalks me.” I think we both know who
“: .. I've had the same throwaway Thrill Kill Kult line as my profile for 3 YEARS.” But it never goes out of style, does it?
Is the trans script of sundays scriptchat up yet?
always open to ideas- please contact me on FB.
Then deleting it, resending it, and finding another error. <<<<<<
Nigga where i be fake .
Its what you think.. Not what I tell you to do (;
hey Nick
I never knew I could love someone the way I love you
on a double date at the braves game.. They did it fancy too.. My friends got clout
you mean you've NEVER sucked on a penis?!
has a b-day party for my kids today!!!!
I WANNA BE YOUR BOYFRIEND ALANNAH !
I heard it through the grapevine not much longer till ull be mine ya i heard it through the grapevine
To all store customers, PLEASE for my sanity put back the things you don't want where they were (with stuffing intact). Seriously...
Dear Adobe, make it so on PS for Mac when you drag an image to the icon to open the image & launch the app that PS actually opens the image.
Final meeting of Jones Point Park construction liaison group May 1, 7 p.m. at Lee Center, 1108 Jefferson St.
#uis431 we are in our final days ... It's been a pleasure working with all of you. For grads follow:
Then as soon as that is done we gotta make a bajillion copies. then we will MAYBE give some away for free and then sell the rest.
GAB is now discussing the timeline. They want elections on the same day. They say Senate elections would be Gov primary election day.
so the boys stop me 2day jus to ask if i had griffies on nd #RIPTrayvonMartin gets Shot with skittles nd ice T over his hoodie -__-
check your Facebook.
April 19thth INVITES YOU OUT TO THE NEW AND HOTTEST COLLEGE NITE CLUB AT "ENDLESS MUSIC NITECLUB" SO OPEN YA TWITTER AP ...
sorry :P off it forever
I'm fly like a bird.
Michael Goldman: I'd have fired Erik Fehrnstrom on the spot. The sad truth is consultants don't matter. It's the candidate that matters.
RT : Who wants a 90 day membership to for yourself & one for a charirty of your choice?
if you're not making somebody mad, you probably aren't doing really good work.
Hey you! Thanks for RT'ing! Hope you have the best day possible :-)
I would welcome a job in student services b/c a job is a job but I'm more interested in other things.
No, almost done and I don't know. Glee's back tomorrow!
Sorry I won't be open today!
In Orange County. Lot of fake tans, garish jewelry, and plastic surgery. On women too.
RT : #Actors #RecordingArtists #Broadcasters Stuff the ballot box w/ #YES votes for by 3/30
Just invited a big group of women ages 55-65 in NYC to meet each other for new friendship! Love matching up that awesome age group!
I'm setting the over/under at 5 years before Bryce Harper is signed/traded to the Yankees.
dude. Got super excited cause I thought this was for "the goon" the comic book. I'm sad now.
hm I looked at ur items but i can't recall it...lot of cute stuff but not in my size :(
i know u seen kobe get balld last night.. cause I did.. that foo look like he wanted to cry.. GMR
I need to go to the library
Travel well.
That was the Prayer before reading Holy Scripture by St. John Chrysostom
Lol I cracked my board
If you find yourself between a rock and a hard place, pick up the damn rock and throw it at someone
YES, tumblr's back up!
All of these boys is so catchy.
haha yeah, u seem like a nice person ;)
Be thankful when you wake. Brush your teeth after every meal. Give someone a smile everyday. And say your prayers before you go to sleep.
Watching Roll Bounce and txtin my Bestfriend :)
Goodnight everyone! Hope you all had a nice Saturday! :] sweet dreams love you all :*
Honey Badger most dynamic player in college football. RG3 most valuable. Luck best QB. Richardson best RB. Blackmon best WR.
2005 Catena Alta Malbec on the wine list for Saturday night. One of our favorites
Trying to decide if I should take my DSLR on trip tomorrow. My shoulder says no.
If I see one more person wearing an Italian flag to my school I'm going to throw up. I'm Italian too.. Just stfu about it.
hi Lindsay ray hope your weekend is happening
I love and loved Jem!!!!!
$23 tickets to Elitch Gardens! Proceeds benefit Network of Strength. Enter "PINKINTHEPARK" in the promo box at elitchgardens.com
If your text message is more important than the life of the cyclist next to you, pull over. If not, put your fucking phone down and drive.
Life is complicated
The food channel has great events for quick and easy dishes. Paula Deen
can it for in your carry on? Haha
can't believe I'm losing my father ... If your parent(s)/guardian(s) are still around, let them know you love 'em. Life is short.
Yes, my friend told me its thundering, very dark to the west
Most of my early childhood television programming consisted of heroes that spent a lot of their time in the sewer.
you mad now lol
Lez do it. I'll text you tomorrow.
yeah everyone is but I doubt she really did though.. Sorry just my opinion
Lunch w/my buddy on the WB lot today. I gotta get back into animation.
wtf is your problem?
Does Gerber even offer Life Insurance for small childern, living in Trailer Parks, in the state of Florida?
I hope all who know and appreciate Pastor Wright come out this Saturday from 1:00-3:00 in the FLC for his and Virginia's retirement party.
My hero! “: Eating spoonfulls of Sriracha.”
Get packing ladies you have 1 more work day dinner & then a bus ride with 150 of your closest friends. #roaddron takes to the highway again!
Thanks, and the same to you!!!
#np I Am Your Leader -
At the gym and watching Crossfit competition on ESPN.
Having some Technical Issues with the new episode. Should be up by Wed or Thursday.
#itseemslike if i was gone no one would care
Great and I can't wait for De'Anthony Thomas full time.
Sorry Ann. Hockey sadness is rough.
we all need to throw back some brass monkeys for the homie
shoutout to for being a class act on and off the field. well deserved record.
We're off to ! We'll be there all weekend serving tea and kombucha at our tea garden near the main stage.
I recently read The Fall of Giants by Ken Follett which is sort of the same time period right before WWI. Interesting time.
But i cant just let go
Hilarious tweets at Goldman Sachs Elevator ()
Seeing James Murphy tonight though and I guess Portugal The Man tomorrow (just randomly won tix) ha.
dang! I was on my way there
how many times you fail
man i love kefir, such a great health food item esp. the goat milk version. LOVES kefir.
I feel your pain! ;)
I didn't write the tweet william :-P it's a re tweet and it's still funny :-P
Thanks for the follow!
Amazing what technology can do. I have friends all over the US tuning into the
Just a reminder that all student applications for Practicum are due today. We can't wait to read them!
I know! So sorry for the spam!
Opposition pitching this as a hit against small businesses. Most ppl I speak with are willing to pay the extra 5cents 4 schools
I miss when I gave a fuck. Oh. Wait.
i have a dog, his name is ben, hes my pet and my best friend
the man speaks TRUTH!
Praying! RT BTW Pray for Cheri--she has had a migraine today
You always do what you can even if it's not enough.
#ff because he can prove, you can get 5 meals out of a pack of Ramen noodles, entree and desert
The #optimist sees #opportunity in every danger; the pessimist sees danger in every opportunity.
hmm.. (; it was only 12km but felt more like 120 with the rucksacks and up hills! Mr and Mrs Causer were our teachers :P x
aww lies you looked at it because you were hoping to find more! haha jk
Money: Who knew a tiny piece of paper could own so many souls.....
For someone who stepped outside for only 5 minutes yesterday, I had a pretty damn productive day. Time for bed. Good Night! Z...
gone miss out on them cool grey 12's & the black & pink ones >_< smh.
In Lit. History: On March 29, 1797 writer Mary Wollstonecraft (pregnant with the future Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley) married William Godwin.
Thank you so much! I'm honored! :-D
this should be the words of wisdom for the week. :)
If I ask for something I expect it to have been done 10 mins. ago.
I ate a peep and I liked it.
Would you mind following us? Would love to DM you (no spam, promise) about something that may be applicable to your clients.
I want my hair black !
About to head up to the IM field! RT : You are more than welcome!
To meet demand elsewhere, but they didn't seem to be gone long enough to notice. Announced last summer/fall?
Amazing. RT Awesome: The top five most read stories on the Grand Forks Herald website are all Marilyn Hagerty reviews.
taking all this nba stuff in tonight I like the big man moves by the Knicks except 4 J. Jeffries
shit airforce was st8....<U+E420> and no doubt our sign is the best... We can b to deep for some
Thank you , , , and for the #FF love.
Mitt Romney's soloution to helping this country: World War 3. If this is the best you got, GOP....you're fucked.
HAPPY HALLOWEEN
Entirely possible! I'll keep you posted.
went HAM down the stretch! #RealLifeDream right there
Veggie Flautas. Ancho roasted potatoes.fresh spinach, mushrooms. All smashed together and rolled in a fresh corn tortilla and fried. EMM!!
Hello India B see my site @ www.stylesbyrenae.com custom made clothes... enjoy the site.
"media is an expression" -
you teach, thats enough. :)
oh my goodness!!! That's intense! I'm proud of you tho! :)
My happiness is something I will not sacrafice.
Steve Jobs Film!
?"Therefore be merciful,just as your Father also is merciful.". Luke 6:36
Next year, #blackhawks. Thanks for this season!
RT : Mitt Romney is still deciding on what his immigration position is? What's he waiting for? His landscaping to be finished?/ O
had a fun night & this afternoon with ashly. sitting at my house bored right now.
Good lord, I underestimated your genius. Come back to NYC, move to Union Square and marry me. You'll never eat in again! ;)
This AP test is freaking me out.
tell your friends about us ;)
I like your profile pix! Very sexy bro
OMG I saw toni n shes todally classy and sexy today and everyday she BEAUTIFUL inside and outside.
LOL! I love that Justice Beaver is a trending topic right now! Go Dwight Go!
so does anyone or anyone's family have a cabin they want to loan to me for a week or 2 in the name of art?
thank u buddy!
Today in Literary History: On May 13, 1907 Daphne du Maurier (author of REBECCA and the short story, THE BIRDS) was born in London.
Good to know I have great company in my grouchiness. ;-)
$KBLB looking good, check this one out!
Ha! Don't think I will have Mike call posts notes reminding him to cook dinner for the family!
Anyone else sick of the cold and dreary winter? When is it spring??
Sasha Pavlovic taking it coast-to-coast against 3 defenders for a missed layup is truly a thing of beauty. I want more of that
6inch heels aren't for everybody!!
Thanks for following.
Argh, I do not want to fill this out. I fear they're going to spin my answer as "look, our grads are employed in all sorts of fields!"
how was the show?
Now wants to talk to me.
#youmightwannastop loving justin bieber becuase #jonasbrothers is were its at
Chris Brown chick is a cutie
What lesson is included in the complementary trial? Crisis Counseling
We coordinated with , ethnomusicology faculty at UChicago, for his phoned-in talk. Looking forward to his remarks.
; you shut up foo
Pretty sick.
#RAW I didn't read any spoilers for tonight's not so Live show, hard to do actually!
I am SO Excited!! Aren't we having a blast?! Maybe I am geek, but I am really looking forward to your big day! :D
I am stuffed! Time for bed!
Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal
ur followed love... :)
i went to an italian restraunt with my cuz and tore my finger nail i started screamin in french... :/
The house purchasing process: stressful.
Ok. Im done.
I don't think Avon high school knows what air conditioning is.
I'm nervous for this <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087>
Blasting' cock-rock on the way to work.
Way to go K smh
Hey mama mahone congratulations
i'm officially bored out of my mind :l
Looks like we are going to fire up the smokers tonight. Got Brisket, pulled pork and Ribs to make! Have a great weekend everyone!
lawwwl. that's Proof, Em's best friend. i miss him. ):
You don't really want my heart.
Imstagram here I come!!!!
Good to hear (for both you.. and Los)!
Starting w basics (even profile setup) is a good idea as ppl can be embarrassed to ask Qs. Ease them into activities. Cc
The day's snail-mail: a hand-written thank-you card from an incoming freshman I met Friday; he added a Latin tag "sine cera"
dear god, 5 words. thank you for summer vacation, amen.
That would be PERFECT!
Did MH just say the TRich decision was made months ago? That's why they didn't try to keep Hillis? Wow.
Tonight til 8pm Don't miss out on our Happy 7th Anniversary Happy Hour, get 20% off the entire store plus champagne.
Wet socks.
is super super happy to announce we are playing Gruene Hall in Texas with on Saturday March 10. YES!!!
Happy Mother's day everyone!!!!
#10ThingsIFindAttractive an amazing sense of humor.
saw the show in San Antonio.Awesome! We are pulling our hair out trying to figure out the material used for your backdrop? help!
Negative thinking attracts negative results.
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow <U+E32D><U+E32C>
Like a good neighbor statefarm is there, with damn it didn't work :(
This really disturbs me.
Love that photos provide the heart of the new website.
I've only heard bad things. I'm going to bed now. Early morning tomorrow.
Recording a new one, will upload tonight!
Wondering if Obama will throw a strike.
In need of a&r's anybody dat can help me out hmu
Sitting here looking at most daring and they are off the chain.
Why must people invade other peoples privacy when they can't even respect their own?
": BIRTHDAY BIRTHDAY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!! #21 #fatlove" my first legal shot would come from the one and only! :)
Good Luck & Rock Out tonight
Nope You? They ain't even got that class no more.
Follow me plzzz
Good Night Ocho Player
Billy was just my favorite ranger, thought he was cool. Man, Power Rangers was so awesome back then.
I'd like to praise the Poetry app from Great way to discover works contemporary & classic.
it's legit, I swear :) I'm an affiliate! Follow so I can dm you...
LAPD Capt. Jorge Rodriguez says there have been 4 homicides in Newton Division in 2012. This time last year in Newton, there were 17.
when will it air?
Thanks Sylvia for following ..also check out for a beautiful universal interconnected experience
Can i go back to sleep now or?
True. That might happen if Delgado doesn't try to take second. :) it was pretty awesome to see.
About to go to pullen park
I consume way too much pizza.
Interns make the world go around. Welcome!
damn, that was going to be my costume! Fine, I'll be Medusa.
“: glad you were on it; loved your input” thanks, i'm really trying this twitter thing on.
is a bit… uncritically pro-tesla. The earthquake machine is at best… suspect. Although, Tesla++
Today I meet my 'DreamTeam Neurosurgeons'.
congrats! is it ur birthday?
Consider the source and see it as a good thing
So you're telling me the chicken in sesame chicken...is really chicken? What chicken have YOU seen shaped like this?!
If baby heads are so soft and delicate, how come I'm the one seeing stars? Kids got a melon of pure granite.
say something cause you're drivin me crazy. say something cause you're drivin me wild.<< k thanks for describing how i feel about you austin
your a dumb ass
what's your sign
How many SB for Prince on the year? 20? 30?
"The excellence of a gift lies in its appropriateness rather than in its value." ~Charles Dudley Warner (1829-1900)
thanks mirr! Love you too!!
Getting a little teary driving to work today </3
This spanish homework is ridiculous.
YOU CANT BE AFRAID TO FOLLOW
Was just propositioned for a threesome. Bitches always come back for more.
The ‘real’ experience that the physical media provides means it’s better at becoming part of memory.
follow back? :)
Comm devices aren't a violation of any FAA regs. Plus they are essential for our news gathering function.
Today we will be educating at Capitol Schools doing Cuts and Colors, along with product tips!! Fun day ahead:)
Sail & rockclimb at the same time on RCCL's Oasis of the Seas. Lots to do at a gr8 fare fr. $799.Let's get you onboard!Sailawaywithdavid.com
Thanks! I will add to my list!
You're welcome Hanny lol..you did all the work! I just tried to be there for support and love!
of coarse I am!! Couldn't miss it
Forever and ever, amen.
“: Is it true that Tom Cruise masturbates to pictures of himself crying?” It's not *not* true.
This isn't easy, this isn't clear.
God commands us to love others. Matthew 22:36-40
South First Friday tomorrow night! Street market and FREE admission to #SJMQT and other #SanJose South of First galleries.
Right?! A work perk where I can have my shoes dyed to match my gown would be marvelous as well.
THE #STREETCAR SMELLS LIKE
Stop Makin Music You're An Embarrassment To True Talent
If you were happy with the wrong one, just think how happy you will be when the right one comes.
How do you pick a team to make it to your Elite 8 then after they lose say they over achieved all yr? Just give credit to the winning team.
RT . When Facebook goes public, an estimated 1000 employees will become instant millionaires. Buy apartments in NYC anyone?
Hm, so what is the best physical activity tracking device currently on the market? Fitbit? Jawbone Up? Nike Fuel? Something else?
Poverty was the greatest motivating factor in my life. Jimmy Dean
Daughter is making a gluten free lemon blueberry muffin cake. God bless her!! :D
yeah..if he a true Burger Boy!
What a day, what a day...don't watch Hunger Games. Burst out laughing inappropriately several times...
Hi Joanna! Thanks for following Austin and me. Stuart
Has Lebron James ever had more than 2 fouls in a game? End of the first half he fouled melo on purpose and no call. And he gets mad
Hard to believe basketball season is just two months away.
Fri Entree Special:Crispy Brick Quail on a bed of Sautéed Spinach & Wild Mushrooms w/Shoestring Potatoes & Foie Gras Garlic Reduction Sauce
i agree :-) RT : If you can't get fired up for tonight, well then, you're probably a Heat fan!
yes, i know...you interviewed me too. ;)
Don't forget this Wednesday at noon is the Executive Womens Golf Association "Lets Do Lunch" at the Coliseum Bar. Network with movers and …
RT : A3: Pros - being selective about projects you work on. Cons - instability of work, income, health care.
TB vs. TEX Game 3 has started on TBS. Price vs. Lewis.
Dear Tweeps, please excuse my double RTing. I'm redfaced. Still learning triberr, apparently. I'll do better in future, I promise.
“: Looking forward to this! ;-) MT : We will be lifting our veil October 8, Columbus Day Weekend ”
It is tempting. Unfortunately it's in their physical portfolio, not online. Which is a new one.
I love when jessica serbin visits!
RT I stand with him. I believe in him as President and I trust him. ... // Me, too.
Come join Outward Bound Denver at CU Boulders Earth Day Celebration! If anything, join us for a hike at Shanahan Ridge Trail at 4pm.
ey mam what happed am so read to know...what did she say
so uve never told ur girl to not worry bout other girls cuz they all scandelous but shes not?
Lucky you are to be there. It's freezing cold here. And did I mention rain too. Testing my resolve.
Man drake concert all right but still beast
If u dont love the #spurs I cant take u serious
I have thee WORST headache <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Last day in ft Myers!! See ya soon lex
That b--tard better get in shape quick. Never did I think I could play LF for NYY until last week
are you playing new songs at outside lands?
hello dear. Text me, i git a new phone
Some people are to annoying for me to deal with at 10:00.... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
New York City for the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade and the weekend!!!
RT : happy customers don't bother to send reviews, so you have to ask :) (that's very true)
As far as I know, Univ of Minnesota doesn't have one, and even if they did, I'd still engage through social media my way.
too many. Braveheart, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Fight Club, Almost Famous, Cinderella Man, Snatch, Dumb & Dumber
The day I walk out of the mall with no bags is the day I get checked into rehab.
Wolverine: Chasing the Phantom. Do it.
RT : Is this happy hour or is it Karma? >Like there's a difference? Happy hour is the Karma vector. Enjoy.
that's cool.
Soup of the day: Curried Carrot
I may be weak, but Your spirits strong in me, my flesh may fail, but my God You never will
Seven need to hurry up
Is Sunday #Sportscenter squad considered the JV team? I really enjoy them and I would imagine the Sunday mornings audience is pretty big.
Shoutout to us
I always knew I was a
Watching the doors
#ASTD2012 #tu222 Tammy Sherman Training specialist at Allonhill love's southern comfort and coke
Who's hungry?!?
is now a TRUE "PAKALITE!!!"
Can wait for the weekend!! :))
Thankful for another day...
Undress 'em with eyes only... eyes only, ya'll!!!
We're all busy people...but you have time for one Big Glass of #wine after work, right? Happy Hour starts at 5p and ends 7p...See you soon!
Anyone need a brackets board? It's new. White board like for darts, football games,etc
On my way to the Show Palace to support my friends in Jackpot!
You might try asking university students who are doing this already. UNC Greensboro or C.H.?
Im at nordstrom and there's so many girls prom shopping . Lol
just by tip-toeing thru your TL, led me to #TEDxWomen Tiffany Shlain's.. I will check more out ferSure,so glad Twt went thru!
Happy New Year's Eve! Hope you're ringing in '12 with great food, family + friends.
Those who don't appreciate all genres of music, fuck you. I don't think you really like music if you hate certain genres....
The start of a new film Begins soon!
Proud to be joining forces with Team and Laborers 89 to talk to voters in #CA52 today.
If you want to change what you have, you have to change who you are and what you do. -Kim Kiyosaki
I love plucky underdogs, I love upsets, I love
Let's go Blazers! Let's go Blazers!
be taking the longest showers.... LLN
the toothpaste you got in your eye?(:
Yeah I know /: Its sad! Leave me some good tweets though! Lln
thnk you for the follow back
#PickOne Would you rather pinch Louis' bums or play with Harry's curls? <U+2665>
the biggest issue has been this idea that rigid adherence to ideology trumps the good of the country. thanks FOX,
This week gratitude
Going to watch Chris get a new tattoo. And I'm getting jealous of course.
I am a golod girl . Tatys al I gort to say . Goodnighrt!
No internet. No cable. How did people exist in the before time?
Its not the gun that evil, its the one behind the gun
ringalingling!! HI! Thanks for the follow!! xoxoxoxxoxox
The things you make me wanna do... I'd rob a quickie mart for you. <3
Thanks for the feedback.
working on a potential green roof for the zoo, very small and a long shot - but gotta give it a shot and see what happens!
This is more than a crush more than a like like more than a love<3
The pay wall is an act of desperation - I gladly pay for something like and , one of these is not like the other
Why is love so painful?
I'm glad you enjoyed it!
lol I know! Will I see you tonight?
Hello, Jen - I posted the GoF comment on your blog, which I love. So glad to stumble across it!
Arrived. Proof for undergrad catalog. Complex pub to produce = 268-page buffet of enticing academic options to explore.
wats her name
The Top Ten US Golf Resorts, the Dos and Don?ts of LinkedIn ...
Jenni,tweet tweet tweet!
Awww. he would have loved FAO Schwartz and all the fun Xmas stuff in NYC
Gotta love annoying fans
RT : Happy birthday to one of the greats,
yeah it's Called iTeleport
Mix tapes really come in handy when your working out ^.^ it's time to get ready for summer #edc <U+2764>
too little to late, I'm afraid. Luckily I like short haired redheads too. #maybeaSisterinhernextlife. :-)
Thank you for the mention to follow... sweet Tyras boys...XOXO ~Krisondra
cuzzo what's the deal...?
ha, thus intesting by logic internet = facebook. and i feel ya' , quess Question is: do 5 or more like google+
well...it seems i got hacked...i bet it was
Just tapped Vortex Imp. IPA from Fort George.
We killed it on the show! They loved us and they were so sweet to us! Love me some Dr. Travis ;-)
TIGBITTIES love my girl's tittties,love sucking......
your sick ariana
lost the ala council (oh well) but now I'm the new vice-chair of ACRL's law & polisigh section! w00t!
I've heard about it! I'm writing about instruction via mobile devices, so not quite sure that would fit the bill. ;-)
I do.
of course you do. you're a guy. it's ALWAYS in mind.
Wait, I thought you made that!
If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there. -Lewis Carroll
My dream used to be to work at Paisley Park, until i was told they only hired vegans....
u ready for cortland next weekend??
Ick... bite your tongue.
ha! If only that were enough to enhance my confidence in this group
OH: "Only hipsters like sushi."
I miss those stupid pointless nights we had together. No boys, no drama, no worries. We were just young and innocent. :(
Doing more than is expected, to make another's life a little more bearable, without uttering a single complaint, ...means compassion
White boys <3
sends us you're applications!
The task of the leader is to get his people from where they are to where they have not been
Same here, Mike. Hope you have continued success with the column.
Great time tonight! There's a photo booth at the banquet! Make sure you take a picture!
Had a hand where I raise KQo EP, Guy with NY hat and all tatted up calls me. Flop jt7r I bet, he calls. Turn rag, I 2 barrel intending to
Congrats on the Big win tonight!! , , ,
I know onkello Dunkley does lightbox not sure about photoshop. What about Corcoran?
Wow. The Soup just played the clip of the #UT student that got hit by the bus.
You got people that's around you that's gone try they best to down you, "Keep them squares up out your circle" cause it's only gets worser.
Need somewhere to watch the big game tonight? Head on over to the for a fun-filled viewing party at game time!
I just listened to Marcellus Wiley talk about his friend Junior Seau. I even teared up. What a loss. What a loss.
wish i had a close relationship with my family where i could have a moment like this at my sweet 16 .... :'(
see it wasn't bad ....it was cute
no one ever says full frame is a disadvantage compared to cropped. ha. mkIII from 7D is an awesome jump. Hoping for the same soon
Oceanside police say former Charger great Junior Seau has committed suicide at his home. What a shocker.. What a loss.
I always roll solo.
Im tony montana and i ball like carlos boozer .
Hey can we get Milton's I had a rough night by the looks of things
I don't miss FA either. Can't believe it will be a yr in April for me. LOVE the Y! But miss everyone
- Saw that you were legit in an interview. I love when creatives find ways to get their stuff out there. All the best!
will it heal?
My sister just made a box Duncan Hines cake: "I'm going to be a better baker than you!" Um
: Looks like a great day for golf!
Thought this was funny. Retweet from someone: "Chewbacca accidentally shot Luke in the foot once. It was a wookie mistake."
At Captain Larry's one last time.
The Packers gave up a 3rd and a 5th rounder to nab the Pats 2nd rounder. Probably done for the night. Well done Ted Thompson!
My astro prof always used to say you need to know what you know and you don't know. "Know that you don't know. That is superior." ~ Lao Tzu
i told her to stop being immature too and im stopping thats why i said "okay" bye
haha! no, but you can literally see my house from there. I wish I could've adopted that place, believe me!
RT : In the article - the model of how a band works was very potent. I will use that.
Going on writing my Austin story lalaLOL :D
funny, I just suggested that solution the current travails only last night (seriously!) to someone at ICE
God I just wanna be home. Bored of these crap channels I miss you nickelodeon.
We will never know if our children r artists bcuz you've cut the arts here in #LAUSD. Move out of #Beaudry &bring back the arts!
1871: Treaty of Frankfurt am Main ends Franco-Prussian War (World War I)
I was just told I'm the type of person who'd dress up as a burrito to get a free burrito - and they're right.
no doubt. I wish lawson would play like this every game damnit!
Why do eyes get dry Thats the whole point of blinking! 0.o
Todayy was funn at school c:
527AD- Byzantine #Emperor Justin named his nephew Justinian as his successor.
in Mukilteo is so slow. Never in and out in under 15.
well i'm a poet that doesn't know i'm a fraud but i still slept pretty well. i love your jesus is magic dvd. big fan.
Wine is proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy. ~Benjamin Franklin
not shit, come over (:
That was quite a storm! NOPE!!
goddammit I can't change my twitter picture:/
Happy Easter Sam! Hope you have an amazing day! xoxo
And happy mothers day to Grandma Rose and Nanny. I miss both of you, but I know you're watching over all of us <3
RT : Positive and negative are directions. Which direction do you choose?
Tformus tix round two tonight don't miss this!
He is well known by all for being friendly, awesome and annoying.
:O same!! East coast? West coast?
it's just a real #tearjerker!
Free Combo with any Purchase from now till Close. Take advantage of this awesome deal! 24th & San Antonio St.
Saw Facebook posting on the death of Olympic diver, Mark Lenzi. Someone "Liked" it. Better to take the time to comment?
Keep creativity alive by any means.
One kid gets told he's off island says he's not leaving is entitled a seat, he was in the 25/50 earlier, said he marked seat w card after
RT : Particularly memorable: talking about types of angels - active/passive, smart/dumb - you want to avoid dumb active...
Gartner MQ for APM 2011 is out. Solid analysis of the market. Five dimensional model is useful but MQ itself if flawed...
I feel every emotion I've ever felt right now and it's driving me insane...need to find a way to calm down
same thing and lmao
yes it is!
busted! no excuses here. might as well lock us up
I got the photo, but I didnt get the performance
Happy SWELTERING Friday...yinz guys!!!
Dude in the elevator stunk like B.O. and something else awful. Ugh.
Good morning, where is the <U+2600>??
Not the best feeling to wake up with. It's time to face the facts...
RT : Q1: Give us a mid-year report. Are you hitting goals? Readjusting? What’s your biggest accomplishment?
when are you geting a new shipment in?
Destined to shine, I'm going to find a way!
I see that.
But I also believe the two NCAAs were built on a fair amount of good fortune. You can argue whether they ...
I dont think u understand... ima fuck u up
how about before or after ucla reception?
anyone need an amazing live karaoke band for their event? :)
you should have like a meet up at Grapevine Mills mall!!!(:
The young asian cook at Nuba just shared with me that he is looking for a new white girl 'to have intercourse with, jus being honest'
I just started reading Vilém Flusser's Philosophy of Photography. I am interested in how this translates into contemporary video.
The feeling of actually being happy>>>>
Thank you :)
Juss got out my job interview with I hope we get selected.
Great tribute on the home page of the apple site.
kathy and I went over yesterday for a bit. They're all going dancing friday. Text them!
After him you swore it would be no more/but somehow God lets me have an effect on your heart.Never give up on love,My Love...Just be wise!
People that really care abut my music >
I don't want to sound ignorant, but if I can't understand something, then it's stupid and I hate it
sittin up here sad cause i want the new j's thats coming out saturday
Make sure to keep the busiest car service in Seattle busy! Cares near you right now 24/7 Low rates, low waits! (206)722-7696
Maybe. Right now they're irrelevant outside of BYU fans, IMO RT Their respect was earned with #Wins. BYU can earn respect same way
Happy Friday to everyone out there.
I don't want you come round here no more, I beg you for mercy
The cross shows little regard for relevancy. Each generation tries to manifest its own culture, the cross seems hardly to care.-John Fischer
A2: The attitudes you project.
At the rockets game vs Phoenix watching Brianna perform!
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift. That’s why we call it the present.
I'm ready to follow my heart.
Actually , I don't like this but I like this !
Since when do dogs drive cars??Apparently, in my dreams and everyone thought it was normal!!huh?? The end...
Well, that makes it better. :)
Looks like we have yet another movie filming in downtown Pgh. I have to find out what it is and who is in it!
Operation MEDSHARE this Saturday! Are you joining us?
Batting without batting gloves <<<<<<
Im just relaxing today.
I'm sad my bae mad at me
sorr, I never write German k/board etc. With Twitter, I just hit reply. But I am delighted to learn the effects ...
When people take too long to text back, I like to think they are writing a very long, thoughtful text message about how funny and sexy I am
It was a two-word parser, so "attack bird with rod" won't work.
Good news is 's coming to town tomorrow. Bad news is I need to make up for being a major pain the ass.
Officially as of now we still have Davis MKG lamb Teague Jones wiltjer and company
RIP Steve Jobs D:
Congrats to Lil BOOSIE and his family for beating that murder charge. I hope the best for him and his career.
I cant keep giving you my ALL and you continue to not give me nothing
Ugh dislike - when somebody just believes that they are so much better then everyone else
That is now 5 straight balls since Friedrich went into the stretch
where's the best thrift store in Chicago?
The #Yankees are only 2.5 back coming into tonight's game v. the #Orioles. And, #ARod is not turning on the ball yet.
Watching Celebrity Apprentice eating a box of choclates @
Is Austin making the second Austream? please answer(:
I will miss Saturday mornings when they no longer hold these cinnamon roll breakfasts for three.
This debate is so relaxed, it seems that the republicans have already won. The republicans have to build a team to win soon
Well, what are you waiting for?! RT : Have you saved a life lately? When you donate blood, you could save 3 lives.
You're welcome! And thanks for the mention!
"You have no power at all if you do not exercise constant power." ~Major Owens
Totally feels like a Sunday.
thanks so much for putting #MIN35 together, it was a very fruitful event for us. Keep in touch!
I am home alone!! and I love it!!! haha
Thanks! Sounds good to me.
Another reason not to use #Opera proxy is that cache is in EU and subject to EU data retention requirement.
they really are :P
I deserve it
Call the ICONic Boyz gay, and just watch what happens.
RT "The fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself. ~ Paulo Coelho -
records are meant to be broken!!! MT “: attendance tonite is 12,402. New NCAA record! Badger fans are truly the nation's best!
My favorite day RT :
Come out & see Dante @ the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!
Finally of work. Gonna win this mega millions and enjoy my weekend.
#OTGTIPS ITS A TIME TO PARTY, AND TIME TO LEARN, A TIME TO HUSTLE, AND A TIME TO CHILL
Great...now I have to spend my Saturday entering wine ratings!!
Still a sick mess and the only things my parents have said to me are morning and I don't know where any chapstick is so suck it up. -_-
Walking around promoting and such!
Perry hates cancer. Perry for President!
#euopenhouse Belgium and Finland and UK were great!
Hey bro, def wanna holla at you about a project for a new artist we just signed, can u DM a contact? thx!
Last train ride home from Maine...ever!
I was thinking something a bit more heavy on the "bitches" & "hoes" side of things.
thanks for the shoutout!
Road to the Riches!!
Normally I hate shows at the Bradley Center, but the Black Keys f'n killed it tonight
I will take even odds for a beer at NYCE club if they take 8 or less, 9+ I'm buying
Whoa. Just noticed I now have over 1,000 tweets. Hum. I just may celebrate by turning on bball n taking a nap...
Firing up the BBQ tomorrow. Shrimp and beef kebabs, grilled mushrooms, garlic mashed potatoes, and dessert is hot fudge sundaes! #Sundays <3
Going To Graduations & Having A Last Name Thats Far From "A" <<<
But his hair was perfect. Too soon?
Where's my pizza?
Ugh, it's going to be so cold at work today.
Doing a behind the scenes interview for my movie 'Fair Play' this Friday
Ha! Been there, done that!
Good morning:-)
thanks Amy.
as opposed to the stupid cobra.
I rode my bike to work today and I did NOT die and only had 1 mini heart attack when a car honked at me. yay me!
i like a fight ion like things handed to me if that is so then sumn ant right lbs
hey martika welcome to crazy and fun twitter..
Welcome Don. Wow! How do you keep three Rhinos fed? RT : here for my very first #blogchat excited to be here finally!
rip steve jobs
Has anyone noticed that the if you pick out the right letters in they`re middle name it spells out dream &lt;3 xx
had an excellent lunch/mini-shopping trip with today...I have missed her
what just told me <<<<<<< #nastyfemales!
We need to get this twitter poppin how do we do this?
Now wearing the most expensive shirt I've ever owned. I may be ready for a closeup on
When you really want to unfollow Someone on Twitter but you see them like every day. Then you wish you could unfollow them in real life.
I love sleeping in so much :)
Once in awhile, you get schooled. ' presentation of #SummerPasture is just that. Confident camerawork, patient filmmaking..
Wherever there is resistance, there is the chance to learn, work, and grow.
lol sometimes i act like a five year old :P
ya lo cambieee:)
I'll be interested if you find one though.
Happy Leap Year to all my friends and followers!
After an adventurous and fun weekend it's back to the grind. Have to get after it this week and every week.
Prom Hair UpDo Open Houses - Sat 4/30, Sat 5/7, Sat 5/14. Find out where at Twistii.com. Seattle, WA & NY NY
Rolling Stone overhauls album ranking, Kanye stars - Chicago Tribune
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana banana in the coffin
haha yee but i got scare
1 billion in tax breaks and they didn't add jobs. Wisconsin last in jobs
When takes a month off I get nervous!
Sober as hell everyone sleep bt me n i work tomorrow
i have two shoots today, i havent had any good sleep in days
RT : Guy who invented yoga pants, we salute you!
When I went to the 4.2 and 4.3 betas, I used shift+update with no problems.
Agreed! RT : good to be mentioned in good company with you &
Just saw the 2012 Soldier Show. Great show so go see it when it hits your area.
will you please tweet to feel better he seems really sad
except now you're riding a stick?
Finna put n a few apps n see what I can do
I love you <U+2665>17
Rough day? Sounds like you need a hug.
“: If someone really wants to see you they'll make plans with you first then worry about their schedule after” EXACTLY!!!!
I think the people in the next car just saw me shave my armpits at the red light...
Looks like SAG and AFTRA got married today! :)
If someone is quick to walk away from you, be slow to chase after them.
Pink Glitter EVERYWHERE!
#thingsgirlswantboystodo Allways remember that they are right and you are WRONG!
Thank you and your welcome! I had a blast at Bourbon Live! Lol
where the hell have you been Miss?
I'm an airplane watchin' fool! Need food, though. Thinkiiiin' Chinese.
Do not use scented powder on the carpet (baking soda is fine is odor is a concern)-to help control pet allergies
interesting... Where I'm from we call it water smoke.
WOOHOOO! are any of you planning on meeting them when they come back next year?
Hey! Te Amo :3 Follow me please! :( Notice me! D:
Helping students on the night before the AP US History Exam. They are freaking out a little.
I will haha there's no timetable on when my page will change but it will happen.....eventually :D
Hey , just want you to know that CRUX is hosting a #Poetry #Festival on March 15th feat. #PulitzerPrize winner Franz Wright!
and 60 seconds closer to your grave
i'm eating like a huge pig but i'm losing weight?
Lakers bench is actually showing up today!
#mythbusters tests the toilet bomb from Lethal Weapon 2
Omg becky look at her butt
Good Morning World:)
oh shit nice. Well if u get to talk to him tell him I said hello
It's where everyone deVoid of delusion aVoids eye contact!
Adrienne has to feed them with an eye dropper!
bears for sure!
Do you have a big fitness goal for the summer? Now grab a friend or a posse of friends and train together. It is easier and more fun!
Sometimes I just don't know anymore:\ but Christ has a plan(:
Why they get ta fighting anyways ?
Today’s Deal of the Day- All FB Fans pay group price…Only $14.99 for an Unlimited Ride Wristband. See ya soon!
A rumor goes in one ear, then out of many mouths.
#stm2012 Victor Henning from Mendeley now up and explaining how Mendeley helps researchers to organize & annotate managed documents
Ok DMV just dropped off the Washington trends list lol
Congrats! Just set plan into motion to move into new office space but will share this with friends. Looks awesome!
Thanks. I'm thinking of Museum Brandhorst and Hypo-Kunsthalle (2 of my faves) tomorrow. Any music you'd suggest?
I never duck bills like a platypus. Understood? LAZ is my favorite MC!
are you at work? Dillon and I are home. Snow day in the Denver area, finally.
Love ur stuff. We're looking to partner with several cool brands to open a flagship store in LA..
#digitalArchivesDay Tons of great posts on the Day of Digital Archives blog! Be there or be square.
I am a scared monkey
I'm excited to announce exclusively to my twitter followers that I will start writing new stuff for my 5th album!!
I am crazy excited to meet Bertie. Shall I introduce myself as Honoria Glossop?
THANKS ENJOY THE WEEKEND TOO. MAKE A DIFFERENCE!
You can steer yourself in any direction you choose
And that's the bottom line...cuz Stone Cold said so!
A friend of mine wants to play me at Street Fighter and put money on it. Lol wut.
Thanks! We love our furry little friends!
They played Sunderland. Were losing 3-1 until they scored 2 goals in a minute to get the draw.
Awesome deals on www.crowdclick.com! Check it out!
thanks for the kind words. So very proud to call you "friend"!
Playing to sold out audiences last season, Pearl Bailey returns to MetroStage...by request from Nov. 19 - December 20. www.metrostage.org
Good mornin to all my followers!! Who want to smoke with me?
I wanna pre game =)
I need to not think about this.
My boss bought me Il Vicino for lunch today! yum
It's a mixed compliment. Heehee. ;-)
This world is cold.
Thanks dude! Have greentastic St. Patty's Day!
all good today!!
That helps you eliminate a number of names right from the start
We have selected 8 languages for "Love in Any Language!" We need four more. Tweet to us your suggestions!
Diet and lifestyle changes happening this week... I'm super excited for the end results, but I am crabby as all hell today! :)
Tryna listen to this new "Church Clothes" but can't get pass the first three tracks.
Les than a month until the little one arrives... So happy!
haha yeah. Makes sense. Youcould have said you wrote it though! Lol
If you're in CoMo go watch the game with at McNally's!
What's everyone doing tonight??!!!
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay Why is it easy for us to change ourselves for others but never for our own best interests?
lol thats funny <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> Cause I think he's SEXY!
dunno. Just don't love it; doesn't resonate.
Glad you have a nice easter. Sorry about the cough. :l
Great shoot man. Can't wait to see the results.
text me sometime punk (:
a true tragedy in America in a community that believed "it could never happen here". 2 dead. Small town never was so big
The Eugene Marathon is this Saturday. Good luck to all. Who amongst us is going to run/walk it?
Tonight, Contemporary Concepts Sq Hill, 4-7 Holiday Open House!!! Free gift wrap. Percentage of all sales to local charities!
Let's go
Looking good Billy Ray
Got some exciting things in the works for our Summer Issue!
we'll see about that
Come to The Walters for a walk through the history of Mexican Food
I think you guys should come back to Chicago.
:) very true.
Nice! How'd your steaks turn out?
Looking forward to working with new client Capistar
Today's lunch: Grilled cheese sandwich and tomato vegetable soup, with hope on the side.
another reason why you should be here!
He's just happy to be on solid ground Dougie
certainly will. Open 7 days?
Thanks for the MT!
RT I told him don't be too happy. I'm after his job. He laughed. I was serious. <---- YES!!! Get em shawty
Well that's quite strange. What exactly are people asking him to do for them (examples please)?
ahh.ok that place is aight. I'm down either way
Vegas and Coachella bound two weeks from today!!
PS everyone should head to connor's for smack thompson's funky groove
It's great listening to while I do homework
Lucroy with a bases-clearing double. #Brewers 5-4
i would be the happiest girl ever if followed me
To all my fans, I love you all very much. Here is the latest Megamix before I release it. Enjoy Download free www.envdo.com/mix
*group hug*
It's official I've changed my name on my twitter acct to #TileDiva #SylvieAtanasio will always be my AlterEgo! mine, mine,mine
You don't remember? We had a full convo on it lol
Love when people get mad at me cuz i can't see anything. Yalll are stupid.
fuck that you didn't want that ass beat in black ops fuck the bullshit
#Qupe whites... Interesting nose but can't put my finger on it.
Gotta love the Kramer/Newman bottle deposit scheme.
I'm the one in the Reds hoodie who looks like she hasn't slept in days.
~ Marty & I hv Tee-X's Wed & Fri if u want to play JB.
lol zayns reaction gets funnier every minute
eople think or say. If you're doing what you love, and doing it to your best potential, that's all that should matter.
RT : Regal car sales commercial ! Ctfu !
thanks for the follow man
nope just typing
was able to get 2 reserved but need one more
Good morning y'all time to make that money. Y'all be cool
There is little doubt to me that connecting via twitter can lead to amazing things.
I would rather dig sewer lines than have to be a salesman of any sort.
yes yes I kno lol. I believe u too. but I'm too tired. been runnin around all day doin hella homework.
haha I know. Love them :)!
haha! Of course I do brother. Can't say it here tho. It's for the show :)
The sanctity of marriage is not being respected.
well it got you to think about the nonsensical ways of the twitterverse.. so sure.. there is some value there. lol
Anger is like fire - if it is unfocused & destructive it can cause harm, but when it is focused & constructive it can do great things.
Thanks for the follow! I have added you to my health resource list! Look forward to reading your tweets!
Looking for a job like its my job-_-
>MLM Update! American Gold Reserve( New Company Listing )
$1 tacos at Malo in silver lake.
so, I say ill play mw2 with you and u say no...cmon Choch!
I can't fix everything but I can try to fix us... Besides I cant get you off my mind
RT : I don't trust Rachel Ray because her voice has the quality of someone who just got done screaming hysterically.
I mean more lets talk about it everytime we are together.We are already pumped since the last one ended
Cows go moo
#NickJChat Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe 00
Consider three important system principles: "1) You don't get what you expect. You get what you inspect. 2) When you deal in...
When boy bands do a group dance<3333333
Haha if you say so! ;)
Director of E-Commerce and Social Media for PurseN, Inc. :-)
#UFC144 here we go!
Congrats!! Thanks for using ShowClix and have a wonderful
Sad .. very, very sad. 21st century and things are going backwards at warp speed.
Do you miss Mary Jo Kopechne as much as you miss Ted Kennedy? Or is she "DEAD", too?
I went through a lot of that today, it is a really great site.
would be nice if i could listen to the jay cutler interview for more than a few minutes before the page refreshes by itself.
thanks for the follow Miss Beavis!
that was the worst thing; I didn't want to do that anymore. I wondered how not to do that. what is "not do" / what is removal?
yeah that whole situation sucks! :(
I KNOW cromulent is from the Simpsons (Mrs Hoover), that's why I love that you used it :)
wonders why she can't find people who are on Twitter
i wish that when someone friended me I could see info about them, i.e. their last name or twitter. i have no idea who "Steve" is.:)
I am just exhausted by everything. /o\
park ranger?
"Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration" -- Thomas Edison. I hear it a lot, but somehow it's still easy to forget.
yeah it is west on Rockville ahahah easy enough
NBC, you suck. Burn in hell forever. Will NEVER watch another show on your network.
I'm in the mix tonight @ Kluso's (281 & Redland rd) hope to see you out!
Any Early Morning Prayer Request! Inbox me! Have an Awesome day everybody<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
I support #occupy as an Xtn. Corps extract $$ from workers' bodies, use it to buy influence. Occupy inserts bodies directly into discourse.
its was the best song i have heard along with 11:11
My three year old nephew just called me and sang happy birthday. 26 suddenly isn't looking so bad.
Make a wish.<3
I think u know who I'm taking about lol. Just save that for a rainy day when they are talking big stuff
Tampa criminal defense attorney Joseph A. Caimano to take part in Stand Your Ground task force to review law, 1st meeting May 1st in Tally
I'm gonna need my bed to stop calling me...
I share the same last name except that I spell it with 2 F's Heffner
": Good afternoon"good mornin still for me
Where are the "cultural kitchens" in #DC? We have plenty of cooks...we need spaces that inspire creative action
Jumping up and down at the promo!!! My Bill! My Sookie!! Eric! Pam!
My 15 year old's good friend, texted Tay today and told him his mom had just passed away. She was diag.w/ cancer wk 1/2 ago. Pls Pray.
field trip today with the kids of PS 40 @ SONY... Can't even remember the last time I road a yellow school bus
Y do I do these things 2 myself!!! Uuuggghhh I gtta work!!!
Good morning everyone!
Ratchet hoes in the underground!
Going shopping in 2 hours w my friends to the Manhattan Mall!!Yaaay
Corel? Really? Wow.
yes, indeed!
In my feelings :-/
Punch Twitter. RT : Twitter wants me to follow Carlos Mencia. What should I do?
you know just what i like. (i resisted the urge to call myself "mama" just now.
will a merged usair and AA be a star alliance member?
icecream=sugar=insomnia
These are now two of my favorite pictures of you!
Come on your dynamo
#660fbfans. r u ready.
in class my teacher say she has a song in her head i say "i have get plowed in mine by brian davis" she looks at me like wtf and i laugh \m/
lol they're alright, but my only experiences with them is from when my brother had knee surgery. so i used to mess with his
right, ive done none. everybody, call me a dumbass i need some motivation.
Attending session "Playtime: Kids and Game-based Learning" #gamelearning #sxsw "A kid's work is play" with PBS Kids Interactive
Thank goodness it was false... we heard her wrong and just had to post since she's our resident blonde! :)
Why doesn't the radio play music in the morning??
Just learned that is trying to bail on our #UFC NYC weekend. Actions... have consequences... cc:
having a fabulous week at the beach; parasailing, gigantic sting rays, crab bisque, boogie boarding etc., back to the real world Monday!
In SCLS, current physical holds on 1st title in trilogy = 1190, current Overdrive holds = 1638.
haha ok good thing I made the cut :) haha
Something I don't enjoy about this class is that it is very conservative. This is what I get for going to a conservative school.
. we're excited, too!
:D I just had that same senitment. Funny how that happens.
I dont think I have any plans . I have a show the 9th so far thats about it. Id love to help you destroy Nashville
Ok um you should do something about me epicly failing at guitar hero yesterday lol
Worst day to go to walmart
Definitely didn't realize 's "My Baby's Got Sauce" is 15 years old. Then I watched the video, and it all made sense.
Just pissd him off that fast lol damn
aghhhhh u luckii xD im so happy for u!!!!! =]
nope not yet
lol, I can't take it!
no but im bout to call her she was suppose to hav gotten me by now
Thanks for using the site!
You have heard that "Today is the FIRST day of the rest of your life." What's much more important is that it can be the "Last of your Past!"
i suppose.
close enough
i got u fam
Studying machine psychology today. At what point does an AI become autistic or a savant? Do all computers have OCD? Interesting questions...
Ponder who? Lol I'm pondering their decision not going for Dalton / Mallett.... I'm excited their still stupid though!!! Lol
How about some new followers to start off the week? We follow back!
Thanks to for the FF!
Beautiful photo! We love the Brooklyn Botanical Gardens--so peaceful! Did you enjoy dinner ? Thanks for coming!
thanks for the welcome and RT
as in a setlist for an upcoming tour...!(;
RT : Official French Elections results: François Hollande is the new French president with 52.0% of the votes #france2012 Good!!!
when you open the door for someone and they don't tell you thank you . & you just feel like hitting them with the door .
Me & Diamante going to be together forever! No One I mean No One can stop Us
Aww. Last Dance for Donna Summer :(
Last chance to pick up your Thanksgiving Day coffee is tomorrow!
Our kids dont know sometimes that us parents act like we don't care but sit in our rooms crying for them.
Being a former employee of #CarnivalCruiseLines I feel the recent circumstances are Karma for them. Not for the passengers though.
awe thanks
God has big plans for my career! I feel great things HUGE things coming my way very soon!!! PRAISE GOD!
2 weeks baby. C'mon!!! we can do this!!!! Ready for a heck of a good time this summer! #summerbreakpleasehurry <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+270C>
All I'm saying is it's..Good that our people killed Osama..But we didn't Kill ALQUIDA!! now is really the time to watch each others back!
Nice. I have never been. My boyfriend speaks a little french and I'm still learning. I would love to visit someday. :)
Thanks for the follow!! Following you too!
Man, I wasted so much money drinking to the success of #RyanBraun. The #WordsINeedToHear are that there are still good, clean role models.
Something tells me this game won't be on #Nationals Classics. #Votto crushed that!
Been writing. Gonna take a little bkfst break.
That's me alright. I will never forget the night Ntozake Shange came to the performance!!
I need to get it in my head you've moved on. But why is it so hard?
I be catchin bitches while bitches be catchin feelings.
Good job tonight Ballie and go to work Jaquala.
preview look awesome!
lol its ok! i really don't care about followers, i just wanna make friends and tweet. :)
The Tomcat. YUM.
yeah buddy! Yes Yes yes yes i love the beach!
Electronics are not being my friend today. >.<
< hold up let me see who we got
oh man..those days..were the worst..hahaha! see you in a couple weeks!
Absolutely. I see Socratic Seminars as a step towards an EdCafe.
Every time I type "somedomain.com/phpmyadmin" into a browser, I stop because it doesn't feel right: I'm trying to manage MySQL, not PHP.
Haunted house was pretty scary.... Until we had the epic rage with the flying monkeys in gas masks at the end!
Just fire rounds randomly out the window of the van even though there are no birds around. Let them know you're serious.
I see why these young girls have no self respect looking at all the titles of black women on TV today make me sick to my stomach
how u doin ms. pretty lady
Started The Art of Racing in the Rain for our library book club and now those long looks from my dog make me nervous. What's he thinking?
looks like a van bad guys come out of in a shooter
"Days like this I want to drive away, pack my bags and watch your shadow fade"..Sure is too!
I'm sorry, but jewish holidays are the most made up bullshit days I've ever seen. Sorry
yeah, it's really a somber time for Blazers fans. Really have to feel for Greg.
Congrats to & the JCC for a great event with this weekend, we are proud to have been a part of it!
school. & are you close to there?(:
thats good! i'm super boredd
haha sorry dude- he pretty much was offering me brand new price trade value. I do have a new ac30 w/ blues too you can use tho!
So somebody at a store yelled out Jason so i couldn't help but yell out "SMITH" lol (x everyone looks at me like 'da fuq o.o'
Rainy Day in NYC = Waterproof Mascara!
have to say the Lincs & Notts approach of total exclusion is just bonkers. Housing, planning, economic development, leisure etc
Four words.... I. Love. Your. Videos. ...well I guess that's twelve words total....
cool got u
i still want something sweet .
Thanks! RT Good tweeps to follow
and I add that you're the American Catherine Deneuve <3
Looking to help 8 more people create their fortunes on the internet within a year's time! Call me now if you're serious 1-646-397-9817
I hate you.
Get your ass over to jasons...and bring tyler! :] ugly sweater party
Member ticket reservation for Monday's game will be available at 12:00 noon on Saturday. At joinsporting.com, of course.
New T-Shirts now available! "I Know You Like My Style T-Shirt" in stock and ready to ship. What do you think?...
Steve. We have to find different ways to engage
You gotta be a dime piece just to look at the rocks in my time piece lol
Text includes powerful arguments by humans and rebuttals by animals re: anthropocentric hierarchies
Is he scripted? Or shooting from the hip?
hello! What's cookin?
I'll have to call them and ask. Of course assuming I can call!
Just spoke to I will be on morning news Vancouver at 6.50am TUNE IN !!!!
same l didn't think mr colans bites where going to help
#ItSeemsLike you and i are pushing each other away.
Success will never be a big step in the Future, success is a small step taken just Now...
Aaron Hill dogging it again. Why is he not on third right now?
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit. www.insanityshirts.com!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks for keeping it alive!!!
melo with a triple double. Are you kidding me? And knicks fans wanted him gone a month ago
bangkok curry! decided to try new items off the menu this week :)
i h8 when my sister in law is grounded :/ now i have nothing to do :(
ugh. lounging around waiting for this stupid iphone update to finish. 7 hours? my ass. hate my slow internet. guess ill watch
#Austin nonprofits need so much help with social media. If you're at #SMCF2012 today come and find me. We're looking for your help!
rofl I almost died a few times too. We went too HAM
And that a focus on material motives is wrong headed, if not a sign of a larger problem in society.
shit chillen, trying to find me a job and maintain...
I really suck at spelling on my iPhone
Goldust, Booker T Dig Tag Team Gold
lol what you mean?
going to try a new yoga video before it's time to get ready.
Got 2 more 1D magazines. I love my mom.
help trend #followjerry for please?(: thx!
sounds good if you ask me, gotta keep it movin!
Happy birthday to one of the best of all time... George Strait!
RT : We love #GoAwayWednesday with What a great #partnership between our offices!
": AZ needs to Recall evil ouit of office" evil is a good description for her
I don't get it. Does it have something to do with the content? 2+ years in the making & still a failure?! #Spark2009 explain!!
the horse i picked won! that was amazing!!
u can do it!
If zombies ate ur brain would u even notice?
HAPPY NEW YEAR everyone!!! Let's #makeitcount for real in 2012. Xoxo ;)
I h8 when I have a good idea, like a birth control Pez dispenser, and find out everyone's already thought of it and put it on the Internet!!
The Valentine's Day will be transformed after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
“Baby don’t worry about a thing cause every little thing is gonna be alright
Where has been?? I miss her
Thanks for the follow! I look forward to learning from you!
And I love to be loved...We were meant to be :)
It was delightful to meet you, too, Pete.
You shook Sinatra's hand. You should know better, Willie. -- Danny Ocean
love your dress!!
skipping watchmen to watchpup?
Thank you so much love! x
yes we did not get everything we were after. You still lost 2. Spin it any way you want.
yea, I have a basic understanding, but would definitely like to know more about montessori
i neither confirm nor deny (; keep it
From : To start out with animal communication, ask the animals for help. Let them guide you and teach you.
Thanks, God bless!
This is what happens when I stay up too late. Haha.
Why do you even come around anymore?
Lyotard posited, over 30 years ago, that the closest thing to a metanarrative that remained was efficiency. How does this sound to us now?
I will tweet u in a bit after discussing w car mates brooks u going ?
what brand of vlados do u get...? like these fiori,knight,gladiator..!!!?
#IMissTheDaysWhen I would be with my love he is the greatest and I still love him
I STILL BELIEVE! YOU HEAR ME CRUEL WORLD, I STILL BELIEVE!
oh noes it's gone rival
Enough of the silly Billy chat - if you're so brave, come and do #BBAP this fall.
You'll always be a beauty in my book.
RT : Hey and welcome to
So George Clooney and Tyler Perry have hosted the POTUS...don't hear of any celebs hosting Mitt...
Siebold: apps seem to me to mimic website presentation, and one thing we know is that people don't seem willing to pay for that experience.
Deal of the Day: Ultimate Nutrition Iso Mass Extreme Gainer, Reg. 89.99 SALE PRICE 53.99. That’s 40% off!
Do we have the same for #iswc2011? : The BBC will be coming today to interview presenters of certain themes/topics .
My turtle ran away last month. I can still picture him clear as day. Seriously he hasn't made it out of the driveway yet.
thanks! You better.
you might want to unfollow me to then cause I'm a Justin Bieber tweeter for my daughter shit it is what it is ;)
"Is your song Angel about your girlfriend?" "No. I'm single. I dedicated it to my fans." <U+2661>
any flooding in Horncastle?
Republicans Agenda pt 5. 16.Go back to the Dread Scott Decision 17. Big Oil. 18. Racism and Bigotry. 19. a Lie is the Truth/Truth is a Lie
I need one more follower till 300, anybody wanna help?
#10bandsILove 9. Red Hot Chili Peppers
Listened to that interview refreshed my work ethic. Now back to the lab to create more tall tales for your reading pleasure!
my windshield is already dirty, where you at?!!!
Good stuff! "I was obliged to be industrious. Whoever is equally industrious will succeed equally well." - Bach
“: thanks for visiting us! We really enjoyed having you.” < My fav winery!! Tyty!!
just try. be my guest. but i can and will #takeyoudown so damn hard.
For helpful/interesting insights, ideas #Follow Friday , , , ,
#Packers almost up I'm calling it the olb from Alabama or the safety from Notre dame
"If it’s self-serving to crave surprise, if it’s selfish to seek the new and the undiscovered, then I embrace my self-serving nature...
Do wee got school tomorrow?
darn that Tim Sutton haha
Stuck in my crazy easy class watching some completely unobscure movie
Glorious spring day in the English Midlands, trees bursting into bud in the warm sun, the cycle of life rolls on :)
mileys getting way too skinny
I want another pair of #TOMS .... mine are wearing out.
Uninstall (revert to iChat) and re-install of Messages beta worked perfectly. App and conversations 100% restored.
Thanks for standing up for average Americans. We need infrastructure investment and we need a nat'l jobs program.
MakeChallenge:CMs are you comfortable w/kids making things function in a way for which it wasn't designed?
So excited for my birthday/bon voyage party today - I feel like such a lucky ducky! Starting today with a run, though. First half-mary run!
Why is he so amazing???:')
I smell good today...like really good. Ladies, feel free to get a sniff in...there's a 70% chance you'll like it.
What's up, TWITTER?!
Enjoy your day too, Buddy!
Have a great hump day and be sure to laugh out loud. It will make you younger! "Silence is golden but duct tape is silver."---Anonymous
well , im in the keys now, how are all of my little TrueBieberFans ? {:
It's a kinda day... Only understands
check ur dms please thanks love u and ur brother and and
For Conroy? He didn't run but would have if Barrett did not. Barrett or Conroy would be our best shot.
The feeling of being without my phone <<<
RT : "#IVLP is about advancing women and advancing humanity" visitor from #Norway at #MissRep screening
oh I reblogged it like 3 times 2 days ago its the Californication give away!
Getting paid 20 an hour to watch 5 kids, they're only awake for an hour while I'm here.. And they're watching tv. Easiest way to make money
I'm really impressed and enjoyed your piece on #OWS, incredible really, you're a very good writer
A little experiment in twitter #politics: lets see if we can call out for what he is: trend #boehnerthetroll. Pass it on!
lol, it's always good that they care :)
Slurp until its flat is the new slogan for Gogurt? Dear god.
Anemic and sweet. RT : "In here we are all anemic"
What the fuck do you mean that the #Diablo3 servers are busy? Did #Blizzard not anticipate the response to this game?
To clarify, I believe there is a place for limited transfer restrictions. However, allowing schools to do so opens door to abuses.
Is watching the most epic show ever reunion part 2
Working in Delano almost makes me miss Fresno.
Nah dude..it's all about ironic mustaches these days..
What dazzled her about MKE?
What will I want to order?
i've been sheltered from television for the last two weeks... i'm a bit behind. :)
I can't wait for my party next saturday :)
love to but, I need followers too!
Love Always Wedding Officiants Now on Twitter
In the long run, we get no more than we have been willing to risk giving.
Holy shit stains, Soto made a perfect throw.
who wants to be my valentine (; ?!
Had a terrific #MLA12 - great DH buzz, awesome session w/ & - thanks & all behind the scenes.
yes I got back to Brooklyn today. I hope you and the family got back ok.
RT : Save taxpayer money...defund NPR.>save more than that, defund the whole us govt!!!
I will be at Doc's Gourmet Cafe & Soup Bar in Philly on Friday November 18 from noon til 7 PM. Come out and meet me!
Where in #Philly can I watch the vs Coyotes games without getting yelled at by Flyers fans?
YO WOULD YOU FOLLOW ME?
Lewis Mumford~ Traditionalists are pessimists about the future and optimists about the past.
RT : RT : Gonna write my own version of #Glee where they sing the same five songs all year.
awesome! Which one?
i gotta get right in the gym tonight so i can remind the big homie what it really is in a few days
I am well. How r u?
John 4:36-37, "And he that (is) God, is Piso, (the) baby boy (Jesus), for this is he that (is) the word, this is true (i.e. "the truth")."
Where are you? Music needs you badly right now. There are too many #gimmicks on the radio.
Blackbird by the Beatles
RT : #Aquarians are the most loyal in life and in love. Befriend one or fall in love with one, and you won't be sorry
ikr...so sad I'm gonna cry across the galaxy. *ttear tear*
Wow, what a compliment. Thanks. And great to be following you as well.
Q3: Supreme burger
Thanks for the follow, yes a kinder reality for us all is desired.
Merry Christmas!!!
so far pintrest is kinda boring...
it's okay. love you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
OJ Simpson: Hi. Are you Peter Griffin? Peter: That's my name. Don't put a knife in it.
Happy Mother's Day everyone (although it might be late for some)!!!!
alright brewers, here's the deal.....ugh, nevermind.
To tha top we go
make me rice
WHose house they thought it was, NoNO
ONE WEEK for Someday :D yeyy
aww niall don't eat so much dude!!!!
100 years of yumminess! Happy Birthday Oreo!
Ask and you shall receive, :-) Dinner tonight at ! Swing by and say hello (if you have a minute)...
Don't compare your love story to those in the movies. Their's was written by scriptwriters. Yours is written by God.
Gotta go to my cousins wedding Saturday
I wanted Hawks to sign Flynn so I had one player here i enjoyed watching.lol
Will this story on EVER END?
"Management is doing things right; #Leadership is doing the right things." - Peter F. Drucker
oh, our "extra credit" Hahaha. Seth you're just gross. Lol but its okayy. You're still my bestest friend!
Me to!
and trey hollowood are my favorite party dudes
Angelique aka the brunette... I feel like I'm on a mystery date show haha. We could go on forever we're gonna get annoying ha!
Been listening to Christmas music since before Halloween, but STILL haven't had eggnog. Anticipation peaking.
Don't let over-thinking kill your progress. Just do.
Don't be a jerk. Ass.
are you really leaving twitter for 2 weeks!?:(
A/C turned on, covers on top, gonna be a good sleep :p
The one thing that pisses me off about homophobes is that they are convinced we are corrupting/preying on straight people -____-
already owns butterbeer.com if WB or anyone else wants to own liquidluck.com message
do you still wear your PA? If so, what gauge is it, what type of ring do you wear and does it interfere with sounding?
thanks! Looking forward to seeing your maps from #techcamp Ramallah
RT : Count how many "heart healthy" messages you hear today. Is your employer sending one? Happy Valentines Day!
Boy, you are every color.
And what's a turkey baster? Lol
Nascar Let's bring racing back to the Milwaukee mile , Asa racing June 12 th with lots of stars thats saying something.
just wish there were more shots on goal
you are really set! Set for summer! Set to come see us!
twitter or Facebook? Which one you like better?
I ain't no easy cheese~
Ruby just channeled the spirit of her flapper gggmother Opal Dunn, rockin' gems both of them, tho flaky...
Thanks for product samples, branded apparel for #BumptheRunway #BabyBashBling on 5/19. We'll be sure to share pictures.
I am a Packers fan, but you and the saints are a phenomenal team, and you are a class act! Thank you for being you!
THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS A (RECESS)ION WHEN YOUR DEALING WITH PAPER AS YOUR CURRENCY. A REAL (RECESS)ION IS WHEN WE RUN OUT OF FOOD.
Dont Forget Some More of The Realist 2 Follow
that funny moment when you get drunk phone calls at night!
Yesterday was a big day, it marked 5% of the year passed already. So what were your goals? Resolutions? Are you 5% there yet?
gotta say, this number is ... impressive. $88M - most expensive residential real estate ever sold in Manhattan. Russian Billionaire...
thanks Shan! Love ya to! :)
Nd everyone waiting for a cd don't worry I didn't forgot we are just taking a totally new direction
r u in la?
who was there?
you laugh at everything! lbs i was lowkey crying..
Anyone want to be featured on the #HuffPost? If you have volunteered with #WGTTH (even if you haven't done a project yet) please email us!
Your source for exotic decking and lumber
Just made the ooziest, perfectly crisp grilled cheese.
There is no greater feeling than being the underdog, but knowing you can win.
We're finally beating a shitty team. Thank God for small miracles.
THAT was a fun weekend!! NYC is just awesome, and I also have two very great friends from there :)
Keep calm and carry on.
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful moms out there, if you're not a good mom you have an entire year to step your game up son.
Come nourish your inner child with fried fish and beer. We have $2 PBR.
I've played some golf...
Good morning Tweet World!!! Happy Thursday
Will do.
That's an excellent point, Rob. And if you just leave it alone, it will only grow.
many thanks to Nicole Rome who REALLY helped me out today with some iclickers!
I wish I kept my set of golf clubs that I won my 1st tournament with. Needed money in college.
#FF . Fantastic community minded business to follow.
My job is so easy it's not easy.
Congrats to for winning two tix to ! :)
Is clutch your middle name or?
Lie to me im koo on u
My friend needs to hurry up n get to school
who me??? LOL
“: #CELTICS should of subbed me in...... I would of mad it from half court” lol
NOT lol. Ill visit on the day of Hantes :P
We are 5010 ready. Are you? How can we help you?
I am in, any time. This is going to be the most fun I've ever had.
You're not a milf.. you're just a young rat with a baby..
Ellis you're a little bitch that's what you are, not a producer
okay will do.
Jazz big men shooting a combined 6-29 FG at the half Vs Lakers, + have had 5 shots blocked. Imagine if Bynum was playing...
Keep the sweet updates coming! Stuck in the office! But I'll have the radio going soon!
Agreed about the NY part! RT : Hi Dre! From what I hear, very little is available there. Make your way to NY!
not til the fat lady sings homie! yes we can!
Love is a lot like a backache, it doesn't show up on X-rays, but you know it's there. ~ Gracie Allen
I will die. I have an 89%. Vocab test better pull me through!
so that Captain Planet-esque pics like yours were taken :) (they were for the drink specials at the bar)
the digital divide is about the skills gap that could extend the wealth gap in
Thxs Jess, I'd love doing it to you all night long! I'd do my utmost to make sure you came as many times as possible! :-)
Finalizing content for 944's Spring Fashion Issue TONIGHT! Got ideas on what would make for a great story? Email me at stat!
Happy Mothers Day to all & get ready to Skate Tonight!
laying low in a tropical hide-out
My team mates are fags I hate you guys hahaha
Why do I like you
it's been passed on, go ahead. Lol !
saw you on today; would love to interview you for
Just finished rehabbing a fantastic property in Bayview. Posting pictures within the next day or two. It's so beautiful!
RT - #CampeonDelSuperBowl New England Patriots :D
I want to put someone in my contacts as, "baby" just cause... Brb adding my cat baby to my contacts...
#smcrva give ur board members tutorials on how to "share" links on FB
I don't. haha
Just great. Thanks so much for this food for thought!
No man ever believes that the Bible means what it says: He is always convinced that it says what he means.
yeah Ikr! Then I'm finally a senior! :)
i forget i have a phone sometimes.
such a buzz kill Glen. Go back to MK. YEah Evo west used an oversized boxing ring capcom had haha. showed me.
Please tell Jana Barket that this male survivor says thank you for her compassionate words.
On the 950; Howard Dean joins us on the Political Junkie segment today!
RT : Any Central FL Bloggers interested in PR passes for the please DM me =) and spread the word!!!
that's really sad if you consider I've seen it
Thank you for the shout-outs today!
if i had boobs i would always leave the house
Check out my Week 2 NFL Picks video on www.thechiefsports.com I like underdogs this week, 49ers, Panthers and Tennessee Titans
Congrats !! You just won a Pool Party for up to 20 people! E-mail us to claim it at
Cant wait to get off
Future rapping >>> Future singing
dude that's not cool!
:) good don't forget.
Not at all, I liked you're spontaneous humor! You seemed so cool! And yeah, I'm just shy AF, don't mind me ;P hahaha
Tweet tweet
Haha yo said that RT : Da flood gates bout 2 open he gonna need more den god 2 beat Brady n dem
you are on pace to sell like 1 million homes this year!
LOL. Is that called The First Base Law?
was out of town with no reception. Not a bad feeling. But today I'll be getting my 12 hour shift on.
How was your day today?
Got my new phone #FINALLY ! Love it :)
Looking for dinner plans? Check out the Greek Food Festival in Oakland! (Forbes and S. Dithridge) Food, music, dancing, delight
Will do...please send your resume to
We do an auction&draft. auction for team's 1st 6 players, draft the rest. All have shot at top players, & done in 3.5 hrs
Word. Me too. Says my iPhone with zero space left.
damn you, I googled it just to be sure.
wants to go back and party
Tried learning some stuff from different scores for movies on piano. it didnt work out :P
Hey can you send a shoutout for your B I G G E S T fans in L.A.?! It's for Julia Ruiz and Jamie Yoo!Please?
he would definitely prefer Milanos
Oh cool! Don't hide any creatures/dust mafia soldiers on that website...lol
Closed today for catering, private parties, etc. so we will see you Tuesday! Open Tues-Sat 11-7
Video Shoot Today at 8 at the VSOP Lounge.
RT : Hard night riding the front at #Presbycrit but worth it w/Hilton & Jake finishing 1st & 3rd...
Great night with at da Brewery
Screw Honors Algebra 2...
u wannA talk
Thanks for following committed to giving a better back to the Harlem Community!
Text Columbus Blue Jacket (CBJ) to 501501 to donate $5.00 to the Hockey for Huggies Program & help local babies in need! www.huggies.nhl.com
Contractors! It's important to clearly define your role and the line between acting on behalf of a client and the clients responsibilities
Debate that started out about issues... then went social issues... WHEN WILL WE PLEASE STOP MIXING SOCIAL ISSUES WITH POLITICS
It's seldom a good thing to see NaN's showing up for floating point values when debugging
Fixed that. RT : President Obama at The Ohio State talked about the importance of persistence. Hear, hear. Persistence is key.
Many negative comments on the new name of Conseco Fieldhouse (Bankers Life Fieldhouse), I say as long as they pay the bills who cares!
What's that? and a Gengar? C;
lol people these days
We are at 6000 tap ins!!
Jamming to today.
You should start an "Adventures on the Max" photo album, if you haven't already. Pdx culture at it's finest.
I find $40 in the morning lose $30 off my debt card
is Dave coming to NAG tonight?
Hello chloe how is it going
- love your photo girl!! How are you?? xoxo
nice car!
Watching a movie with :)
My mom is dead, dickhead.
Mad that I just figured out to use Flipboard to watch the #drupalcon stream.
Yeah baby!
I wanna shut down the club....with youuooohhhoooooh *fist pumps*
We're baking all week..can't wait for Sunday!
Hope and have a good time in WV this week
swear! I owe him SO many assignments but I seriously see no point in doing them. its not even worth it.
well then we should hang boy...you going to maricon tonight?!
Last day to win a Nook from at #ALA (booth 2416). Come visit with us and sign up to win.
she look it. But I'd still bust her tho
thanks for the follow at DINKlife!
gonna have a great gig tonight at Sarris' ... A new club in a great old location!! But first... off to the gym...
New Week, New Beginning, New Opportunities
Get well! RT : For real keep the big man Brad Baker in mind tonight. (sound guy from the end) he's pretty sick in the hospital.
Taj is an RFA after next year, Booz will only have two years left then.
me i love u don't say that
Word on the street is that there is some sort of sporting event today. Some call it #SuperBowl ?
Can I get an early Happy Birthday wish from its tomorrow?!?! (:
OMG. Not your mom, about a year ago a homeless guy was beaten to death by cops. There's a video of it and it's fucked up.
So tired of always being the one who does all the work.
just spoke to lovely Emma at #SandovalRestaurant & we are set for #SocialChicasNYC TweetUp on 5/15! So excited!
you are welcome! And you deserve it. Things are good here. Listings sold -- need more hee hee!
Good Night <3! And Happy Birthday Prodigy :)!
or who invites themselves out only 4 their card to be declined
you get the feeling that the #Devils after being embarrassed on opening night might put a few more past #Holtby and the
I like Twitter for the instantaneous flow of info. G+ seems better for developing an in-depth rapport (albeit digitally)
follow back
It is not cheating if you don't get caught.
sounds delicious, that might be what I try next time :)
“: ": That one friend that can make anything funny just by the way they talk" #nickJ” hahaha perfect
notebook...just talked to admin today about my hardware. think i'm gonna get the hook up
#oomf is being negative & i dont like it
Having been unpopular in high school is not just cause for book publications. Fran Lebowitz
#InCaseYouDidntKnow Girls want a lot of things from one guy. Conversely, guys want one thing from a lot of girls.
I'd love it! Thursday?
DSW: if there is anything we want to share with you, don't give up on making the links in your own oral histories
A lot of people can't stand touring but to me it's like breathing. I do it because I'm driven to do it. - Bob Dylan
let Phil play but make him pay
It's going to a long day
It's so fucking disgusting in general if they do it. Never trust a tweaker
Caffeine and deconstruction are natural allies
no jackin going on here, homie. It's been one of my go-to's for decades.
Ty, how's the home hunting going? What are you in the market for?
Hey, I'm not going anywhere.... ;) #myquarterlystrengthworkout ;)
All of Central Illinois is now under a Severe Thunderstorm Watch until 9:00 P.M. tonight.
Feel better soon!
thanks for the lists of mobile links, looking at them now
sheriff baca commits to closing down old side of MCJ barring spike in violent crime. no timeline. says scrutiny of jail abuse played no role
I love witty/artsy/fun art museums on Twitter, but am bummed by how serious/non-talkative physical spaces can be.
I haven't been on in like two months :/
Every WR from around the country is being drafted, including multiple from some schools. Still no Juron Criner?
Living young and wild and free :)
I find it disgusting whn sum girls go out in public w/o a bra on even celebrities does do it eyes point to selala Gomez
change yours to spermicidal_JEUBS!
Eat this! Fresh peas, fleeting bursts of flavor
did you like my hair styling I was giving you?
done with college?
4th time seeing this aids presentation ..
I'll give you one out of the side of my van, I'll meet you in a shady alley downtown.
Last minute #corrections are always better than incorrect submissions. SeanLetwat
How ever wins game three has won the series 77% of the time so many need to Man up!!
Guess what? I love you :)) your amazing.
girl, you ain't atleast have some toast or a biscuit with it? lol
#NJDEVILS WIN YES YES YES
Trivia time! How many stairs are in the Eiffel Tower? Take a guess!
They may not be sure of what they want but I think we can help them find out what they are interested in
chill out after Voodoo fest on Natchez riverboat with Dukes of Dixieland, great food and easy living
I love the family dynamics between you and your brothers!
Just found out i play the piano better when I'm drunk...i feel like lol awesome.
I think you meant to say " is used to sweeping adversity under the rug."
Attended spellbinding bookclub event last night, as speaker discussed her must-read novel, EVE. Thanks for invite, !
I knowww the dilemmas of social media.
India.Arie must be nervous! She us really waving those hands like crazy!
lol it's fine you have progressed and 5 star and NBU have faced extinction
I'll take my tennis racket...
I'm too sore to continue with my new workout routine which I only started 2 days ago. owies.
check out the new twitter background =]. official text and logo ;). thanks to "Brain" Cibelli!!!!
Life is what you make of it never give up on you're dreams have faith and everything comes true
#NoMoreEffnFlu looking forward to a fun-filled Sat
I'm about to watch Tangled with my mom for the second time in a row! Best movie ever!
when you dont have the fucking time to reply to me but you can go on fb and post another timeline. Yeah.
RT : Who's ready for a brand new episode of #MaryMary on ?!?! Tune in tonight at 9/8pm Central!
:: 81% of votes in: Scott Walker 514,817 -- "Not Walker*" 539,432 (*total of all dems and Walker's GOP opponent)
lets go
blah blah blah
staff came by to photograph us with Obv only picked the best looking Academy members to show off
Our ticket winner this week is ! Congrats! Send us a direct message with your name and we'll hold those tix for you!
There are some drunk people here.
Meredith + Juan = a full fridge and a full wine glass. The only way to start the weekend off right.
Can I find a girl that can give = ? Fuck!
Great show tonight. Thanks to everyone who came out and big thanks to The Baker Family and Beauty bar. Stay tuned for SXSW show info!
My whole body hurts
she didn't sell out!!! Anyone who goes commercial is just trying to get paid the big dollars & be represented the right way!
#JUSTINBIEBERONTHEVOICE WA AMAZING I WAS SPEECHLESS
where are you guys going to be tomorrow?
I miss u
Patrick Swayze, why did you have to die? Now I'm having an existential crisis.
not one, not two, but three guest speakers for RMI today!
A man after my heart! RT Running is free and the road is open 24 hrs. a day!
let's do coffee. I would like to hear more. You too may learn a few things that shine a different light on
There's a little kid running around and he has light up shoes lol
Had a good day today lol
I think hospice nurses that travel should have emergency lights on their cars. Black lights would work.
Greek kitty. First thought that cat was shot by Constantine Manos, but pleasantly surprised to see a new name: Carl De Keyzer
that's what it does!
You're amazing.
Gotta take this OGT
"Respond to your fans & social media contacts respectfully." #dcswa prof dev day
- oh I know. Sorry to generalize. I just find them hilarious. Even funnier that some people actually fall for them.
“: Satellite radio takes itself too Siriusly” Bo
I'm So Thankfull That Follows Me (: xx Love Her<3
officially a party in soderberg house yet or do we still think Brady worried bout J's party?
Wicked party !! I am going to feel this one for days! And to think it ended like it did...
CJ Programs for women have suffered from a lack of gender-specific evaluative research.
Wertheim: Executive used Native interests in favor of partisan interests.
William S. Gilbert~ Losers visualize the penalties of failure. Winners visualize the rewards of success.
Got home and the induction to the Beastie Boys into the Hall of Fame was on I can't stop watching and I was super tired
yum! Good choice my friend!
Wishing everyone a Blessed Easter weekend.
congrats ! You are the winner of the w/ 30 days of AT&T service!
You are right, Natalie, people who use facebook to make only money will fail for business.
Thanks to the United Airlines man for delivering my suitcase!
I hope you like a libretto that reuses a lot of the imagery from the story. I tend to be faithful like that.
Make or receive any cool mail this weekend? Share a pic with
You lie!
Birthday wishes from Brooklyn to wherever you are Eliezer McLean. R.I.P.
Brazilian Jiu Jitsu intro class tonight at 7:30pm.. This is the last free intro class we are offering, so come on out and give it a try!!
We are looking for words from the community that describe Progressions salon. What one word do you think of when you think of Progressions?
a founding warning RT : Nothing is too extravagant to expect from men who conceive they are ungratefully & unjustly dealt by
Big Cuz on in the 3rd hour. tune in, gonna be gr8t!
never easy to make the "hard call" but those calls pay off long term
Just another day doing what I do
3 days until Throwdown at the Cobalt Cafe! We need some help tearing the place down.
O'Sullivan from Butts puts up 4-2 with 2:06 to play in the first quarter.
Just set a world record for eating pie
If I die young bury me in my uniform lay me down on a cheer mat sink me in the Milkhouse at worlds send me away w/ the words of a cheer mix!
of course! You will have to be part of our event next year :)
Give yourself some extra time when driving to tonight's Meet&Greet, 7-8pm at 783 Gold Hill Pl, Woodland Park (Teller GOP HQ)
> #barackobama IS running on his record. Against romney's record of bailing out th Olympics, profiteerG, governorship.
have u heard that Danica Patrick got pole? theres nice vid somewhere out there!
So proud of my girls tonight at #FAF nailed her drama solo and my sweet Tay did awesome w/ her Human Video team!
So...no skiing to work this morning. Shoveling the driveway for an hour straight took it out of me.
Anyone else catch the #Cartier #commercial, pretty sweet art direction, I am going to find a link and post it up.
Today’s Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are broccoli soup or Mushroom. Sugar free Lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
I love how Brendon gets into martial arts movies, I like to think Ip Man 2 is rated R for respect
Missing home...see you in a week !!
'I'm so sorry I'm late, my eyes just got pecked out by crows.'
Been dying to try the food at Samba Brazilian Steak House. Anyone been? What can ya tell me??
that's correct dude. We use google Apps to set up the email accounts. Whenever u wanna keep in touch email one of us
Friday nights are all about the ladies #dallasnightlife when yall leave the clubs come party some more with us
I just did Beiber. Typical stick figure but with the hair swept toward his face. Plus musical notes. Ha.
The President and First Family are watching tonight...I highly suggest you ensure wins...
So that's what it's like to be too busy for social networks. Anything exciting happen?
National Day of Prayer. I pray that the people that listen to me not only hear what I say, but understand what I mean and who I am.
"A lot of talented actors still have to pay their bills." - Mark Wahlberg
RT : S/o to the team we have been working hard!
I am hoping for a busy day! Downside of having a business that is seasonal. This place turns into a ghost town!
Gotcha! I am personally a fan of the show, but I agree that people get obsessed, about other shows/events as well..
Our buddy is on the flipping cover of USA Today!
sometimes i just wanna fly away and come back when everything is over....
A busy day here at TSG! A home inspection, photos on a new listing and various client appts! I can still squeeze you in, give me a shout!
Favorite ads= Nike Ads
Kyle Washington on the #Badgers: '“I don’t see Wisconsin falling out of my top five, so I definitely see them being heavily involved'
#Niners Game was Great.. #TimTebow and Broncos need to do the same...
no, No, NO to the Keystone XL Pipeline; no, No, NO to the Keystone XL Pipeline. Sound it out, and pass it on.
your lame ._.
I just wanna be close to you..
this is the nba.... who gets 5 second violations?!
"Ain't nothin like a 4 eyed chick!" Still laughing!
It's like 90 degrees outside, humid, raining, thundering, and I'm here dying
So pissed off at you now..
Jam Jam
good observation. However, has always been an early riser...
that's so cute hahahaha !
Please welcome VisitAyrshire to the Max life
Nope, I haven't either. And not planning on it.
I need to be fat or something. Everything I eat will not fill me up!
Loved meeting you, too, beautiful!!
lol I've actually seen quite a few ppl w/this picture..
I can get my Google Voice number to go over VOIP. Cool. Would be awesome if I could get my Sprint cell phone to go over VOIP.
Thanks! RT : Watching America's Next Top Model, would totally rock this show!
Haha! Nice job China! “: (Update) News Alert: NBC News confirms the North Korean rocket launch failed, breaking up soon after launch.”
RIP Harry Morgan
Sunshine on my way to work :)
"visual materials demand visual access" - Cal's Environmental Design slide collection now has "digital contact sheets". RAD.
my names kamalani but you can call me kama (: & you ??
Being left in the dark is not fun.
RT : Love calms the soul
you aren't dying are you?
No problem girl . ;)
Andy made tacos tonight.. He didn't drain the grease.. My stomach feels gross... I May puke
Tomorrow: Getting drunk on history (and beer). Pabst Mansion tour --> Miller Brewery tour.
Somebody just got shot
only in Vegas lol
Thanks, Bill. It was a very fun for a training run. How are you?
Two working days left this week with 5 to 7 days of work to do
It's not too late to sign up for the wedding connection!
Lol! What it do Chris? How you been bruh!? RT : Go Dez Go! Go Dez Go!
omg yesterday was so much fun. went to a family thing with josh then went home with him. goin toa fair wit him today CANT WAIT
Gardening can be extremely relaxing.
Are you camping outside your empty house for two weeks?
just jokin i wont
Go buy song on youtube its called love is and its wonderful its in itunes now!!!!
I hate that croissants exist, and I hate that I know about them.
The Los Angeles team won the AllStar Game. Enjoyed your time in Orlando, Dwight
No one ever teaches well who wants to teach, or governs well who wants to govern.
Excited to see rocks!
Some people have serious problems..and don't realize it.
India! India! You must come for the fifteen minutes next time...
Busy day at Black Duck! Motorcycle club patches, award-embroidered towels, & big logos for TV all open in my editing software. I <3 Variety!
Everyone I have talked to is stoked to get rowdy with the James Gang in the . March 17th cant come quick enough
What good is twitter if nobody talks?
any bands down for a NYE show at Beer Co? 100% of the door. :)
Who decided to renew Flo Rida's recording contract? Thanks but we do not need more Flo Rida in this world.
RIP #Dick Clark =(
You're welcome! I'm glad you felt better. I always like to make people smile and feel happy!
Can't believe I'm missing fucking Loiter Squad.
Thanks! :) Happy Weekend :)
It will make me really happy if you follow me. And don't you want to make someone happy?
cool! I actually got a hall pass for the game...
Great Groupon deal. Get online with Groupon & buy $10 worth of Safari Cup Coffee drinks or food for $1. Only 95 minutes left!!
yeah sure bahha
this reminds me of the pinky and the brain!lol
whats up with iphone app? Haven't been able to stream the station for the last two days (File could not be found)
We will go over time today maybe 90 minutes so lets keep the conversation going. Biggest question next !
I think today I am going to get a lot of shit off my mind
There was a momet of silence and my sister busted out laughing....can't wait to see that in church
thank you so much dude we will definitely be back up there !
:) not really doe ohio weather is not fun and ohio is really boring , your the one whose lucky ;)
Hanging at the Freak Happy Hour on my way back from Ramblewood. My first time. Great crowd and my kind of bar!
#thedinah #clubskirts Bite me and get it in at thedinah with Chocbite chocolate. Exclusive, watch for my tweets.
Hehe I duck. Those trucks scare me!
Yup. Good or bad depending on what your business is.
yayyy! I can't wait (: miss you!
its a shame isn't it...
"in Genesis 1:1 it doesn't say the Heavens were w/o form & void, it says the Earth was!" via // Trust God in every circumstance
Can Tech Companies Continue To Innovate With No Women At The Table?
We got our first "Middle school honor student" bumper sticker in the mail today along with an awesome report card! We are so proud of Dylan!
If you get cheated by the Better Business Bureau, who do you complain to?
SHOUT OUT AND FOLLOW ME? <3 67
football lockout could be over today. details on Good day ny.
Just got to the conclusion of my final paper. Its surreal...
any chance yr coming down to sxsw this year to spin or otherwise? would love to have you on
BRACE FACE<333
All this talk of pizza, hope you're working out afterwards!!
I will always accept that beautiful love you give me <3
go head and sleep big man ur team needs u!!
Britney said are you going to that party tonight
1ST THING UR GOING TO DO WHEN UR DONE WITH THE DENTIST? TAKE A PICTURE!!! :)
Every speech #Obama gives on the economy is nothing but fallacies and class warfare.
Another study synopsis that really tells the reader nothing. I would like to see the list of the ten
I am dropping knowledge in my tweets.
hope they get stuck
check out our site and !!!
sounds good!
Thank you , , , for making 's X-Ray Spex Tribute Album a huge success!
Watching how can someone's mom not know that she is divorced or has a 6 year old?
Looks like its gonna be me, myself, and my beats today.
Happy Independence Day!
Happy Mothers Day to all my many mom friends in the twitterverse. Enjoy your day, wherever it takes you!
#sschat #edchat 8th graders loved the QR code treasure hunt...thanks classroom tools
I had like one of the best days yesterday <33 Im just surprised to what I hear c:
its okay if you didnt i followed you tho lol how are you doin i like the pic btw john cena shirt :)
A life without spare time is like spare time without a life. So you want a bit of both.
Did you know pink,yellow and blue packets we use everyday are really Neurotoxin!s!
I don't blame them at all. Still doesn't mean I want anything to do with Facebook.
"Ann will probably bore you with stories of our sons and our grand kids" #MittRomney Funny how he can detect boring capacity of others--
I wanna know but I don't think I can handle the answer...
Still reading "Never eat Alone". You diffently need a notebook nearby. Keith gives great information to be used in any business.
Alright Friday lets hurry to 6 :)
In Dolores Park, naturally. Holler if you'd like to join us.
I wish it was tuesday cuz i hate mondays
Reacquainted myself with the road bike....and the pavement today! Always good to get the first crash under the belt!
Many attempts at communicating are nullified by saying too much. ~ Robert Greenleaf
GOLLLLLLLLLLLLLL. Yeah baby
Check out our new clothing sponsor designer M The Movement. www.mthemovement.com Also new show dates will be posted later tonight
Kettle bells? All this time I thought it was cattle bells.
“ *Reads #Spurs injury report: "None to Report" *Checks date: "April 23" *Smiles #gospursgo”
I'm thinking after SCMsS we draft a CFP?
congrats friend! That was definitely an epic day...
Go to sleep or the Easter Bunny won't bring you shit!!!
SO FUCKING EXCITED p.s. fuck you
Heart FOR SALE! Only been broken few times. Still in good condition. Maybe.
c'mon fins.
Yes, well, teatchers can be stupid. Sad but true. RT ahahah well that stupid teatcher meseed up my week
Welcome #AIMSPLP to Looking forward to sharing in your accomplishments and learning with you today!
Yo mama didn't drop you as a baby! The sidewalk did just took one look at you and jumped up & slapped you.
A plan is forming …
How many different sizes and weights do you have with the sandbags? Do they all have handles?
Feeling this storm right now.
Gavin Degraw makes my heart smile. Haha
Thanks Lisa Schlesinger & Tom Mula and the student playwrights for a great event this morning!
I like the calls from the past idea. Haven't seen the end yet.
Red Bull, give me wings so I can fly through the rest of tonight's shoot
tell her to take a shower and stop rolling in the perfume!
mind following back?
lol ok I will
Just finished playing "oh hell" wit my mom & gma & omg my sides hurt from laughing so hard...we're a lil nuts...makes it fun
They lost but it was a badass game.
Thoughts on GRPN?
maybe. I got a strained pec or something in my chest and I feel it in my back. This shit sucks
Kellin Quinn really is having a baby girl and he really is naming her Copeland dear god hold me
"E-mail reduction is not about technology. It's about psychology!" - Nathan Zeldes, E-mail Expert @ Boyercom's keynote presentation.
How did you feel when the short guy said that you were sweeter then jim jones?
It's absolutely amazing when the the LA Times Book Festival is taking place right outside your dorm.
lol its a quote out of a book I was reading
We served 118 families through our front doors today! In addition we distributed 500 Thanksgiving boxes in the past 48 hours!
Wow we really just had a wedding with Carly's squinkies!!! Lol
it's 10 bucks but Jafe says we have 5 guest list spots so it sounds like free is a possibility
The Beard was rocking it! I'm just glad he got in the game. I was a little nervous until the Castro error.
"Thor 2" MT One time Loki took the form of a mare to trick a guy & the guy's horse fucked Loki and Loki had an 8-legged horse baby.
It's literally over 100 degrees inside my house right now. I feel myself slowly melting away.
Bench starters to avoid injury risk. Play etc
I'm starting summer classes the 21 woo!
I have seen Jordan Taylor. Thanks
“Never under any circumstances take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.” <U+2015> Dave Barry
I don't know. It's like I'm torn between hatred for myself & of people.
Tech & Soc Week 6: Baily says: "Training is the systematic acquisition of skills, knowledge, and attitudes."
next time! hahah whenever that is :P
why did it take for us so long to be friends?!
roadtosturgis.net is up and running........check it out!! Only one week and no sleep and I did it! Yeah
I haven't read any Jack Campbell. I'm at least placing them on the wish list.
whats up my friend? How is your great veteran day?
Summer school should not be during Sumner! :p
Happy new year, everyone! Stay safe and bring 2012 in with a bang.
the crazy part is ppl said band wrote freebird on deck“: What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic? About halfway.”
Up way too early in the morning to workout
#Miami I love you, amazing weekend but so Happy to be home in Boston, in my own bed!
Always and never are two words you should always remember never to use.
I wanted the broad strokes, but thanks to autocorrect, I will be receiving Brad strokes. Not sure if this is better or worse.
Things you never want to hear. "Bet I can shoot u and get away with it"
Well, they have not named a winner before. At least they didn't ANNOUNCE THE WRONG FINALIST and then rescind... #somuchLiteraryDrama!
why do you have so many haters? Oh wait I know.... jealous bum bitches... yeah that's it!
Got this third season of Black Books to watch. Alright, one episode and then I need to go to bed.
But I'm sure they love when you help them stop :-) ": Hate when my friends call me crying :("
you and the boys did so good on the voice <3
I just finished a 5.30 km run with a time of 38:19 with Nike+ GPS.
LOL at stupid people .
WOOWOOWOO YOU KNOW IT!
I had a blast my bday celebrations has ended
Twitter deleted like 40 of my tweets smh
AH ON THE RADIO!! YEEE
Art is not separate from life, it is life. --Dr. Albert C. Barnes
We Build Apps, Let us make your App idea, a reality! Go PACKERS! Best! DonnO
Happy Saturday, loves! , , , , , Thank you for the follow!
Go Toronto! Right on track. Parental involvement - YES! A combined effort is needed to stop the bullying.
Lit is killing me
Twinkle twinkle little slut name a guy who u havnt fucked.
Outside of #Avengers, there isn't an easier movie to market right now than #SnowWhite and the Huntsman.
who's ready to go see project x tomorrow? >=]
do u wish from ur hart that to see every parson admire u and talk to him or to do something different with any one of them or not ??
Congrats to Lisa Silagyi, Pacific Region Art Museum Educator of the year.
Two more hours to kill before "A Wave of the Wand.." Good luck!
Fox just said it is winning Friday. Oh really? Since when???
Does anyone know a park where you can have a water slide bounce house?
This movie may as well be called "Remember That Time I Gave You an S.T.D.?"
Happiest of B-Day wishes to you!
Congrats to on your wedding man!
panicked when she saw two eyes in her chow mein ......then realized it was a peking duck
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile : send her a cute goodnight text while she's sleeping so she wakes up with a smile on her face.
Mike avg 10 yds per interception in Super Bowl V with the longest 18 yds (sorry for the typo)
An email was sent about the situation.
"I pour kerosene on everything I love & watch it burn." <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Good Morning :) RT : Morning beautiful people..make it a beautiful day..we are
hi there :)
I'm the #coolest, I'm the #greatest, I'm so #hip. You can buy me soon!! Yay! What am I? #imamofone and let's be friends!!!
will be at Mydwelling (316 N. Milwaukee St., Suite 100) Friday at 5pm and Saturday from 11am-4pm for Gallery Night/Day!...
While I don't condone looking past any team, I'd say chances are better that LA puts out ugly soccer than RSL
That I always learn when I'm with our trainers
Grandsons turned 2 today. Happy Birthday, Ian and Owen.
my favorite part of every day is when it's time for bed. and naps. basically anything that has to do with sleeping.
Happy Thanksgiving!
": lol ok. You're the winner."<<<ooh what I get?
Twitter prevents me from getting my homework done
hope you're ready for an amazing friendship to blossom tomorrow.
I had fun w/my family today, Deidra a fool.
PROGRESS always involved RISK - U can't steal 2nd base & keep your foot on 1st !!
Tonight's Special: House Ground Lamb Burger w/ Kalamata Olive Aioli, Mixed Greens, and Tomato w/ Choice Side!!!!
Thanks!!! No game for us either... but we're all rooting for our #Brewers :)
I really wanna watch titanic right now
that's a good way to get to know her ...?
someone 20x20 tweet me :D
Chicken Song!
Need to rejuvenate? Come pick up some Dermalogica products! They cleanse your pores and remove dead skin, leaving your face soft & smooth!
It speaks well of Chicago that our Occupy events haven't seen the same violence as in other cities, from cops or demonstrators
okay yay! Let's meet up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
No problem! Be sure to check out also
#replacebandnameswithpancake Earth Wind and Pancake
If you're near a TV, you should be able to see the Atlanta city council meeting and Tuskegee proclamation on Chanel 26.
pretty sure you have an invitation somewhere in your inbox ;) if not, DM us ;) ^
My last retweet >>
Second day in a row my bus home has been early and I missed it. Why have a fucking schedule if you don't go by it?
Can this Knicks team cover my +15 spread
That would be so awesome.
On wed and thurs i played hardcore basketball with my friends I thought i was going to loose a couple more pounds
Hahahaha can't wait to go back out to
Pissed I don't have HBO anymore and have to wait until tomorrow to watch
hot toddy
they person Idol plays with is always the person who get eliminated; please be true this week
stop making me want you.
Pen, Lipgloss, wallet
Butt wheat terd pies for dinner :)
OH IKR!! THEN SHE WILL DUMP JUSTIN FOR ONE DIRECTION Just 2 get more fame
#ihatewhen a guy whistles at me. I'm not a dog.
I'm just gonna go and start my own band, oh wait...
I hope everyone has an amazing day!!!! (:
Seneca No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent
Excited for #Citylights tonight at Union Station! Good luck to all our clients in the running for the tech awards!
yep 30 more people thanks for the shout out!!
Ohio State fans should not be surprised with the one year ban from bowl games
SNL is actually funny tonight.
people have often relied on intermediaries (journalists, etc) to understand gov; intermediaries aren't bad per se
hangin out at and just got 4 tickets for the tonight.....anyone want them? first person to reply gets them in will call
Spending with my woman>>>spending time playing video games
I just wanna go home
I am so tired!!!
A relationship without trust is like a cellphone with no service & what do you do with a cellphone with no service? You play games.
Um... I've interviewed the likes of Blek le Rat. I'm just making a point... Saber creates controversy.
Happy Mother's Day to all the fine women in my life who have put up with my crap and crap of others like me for oh these many years.
TGIF and Chris birthday tonight
So...spring break the week after next... This week is gonna be long
it sucks right?/:
Always playing catch-up
Lottery lover finds stories in his tickets
follow back!
Recording some tracks this weekend. FINALLY!
of your journey! embrace it and love every minute of it!
but some share everything and more
Congrats to this week's #5MinuteFiction winner: Well done!
going to see the Hunger Games with my best friend :) really excited to see it!!
Music DSP and synthesis nerds… Check out FAUST - audio / synthesis language. #phillyete keynote.
Whoa, Kenyon Martin? What year is it?
thanks homie, love ya have fun in FL!!!
Thanks for the crafty love. this was so worth the work. :)
Thank you! Much love!<3 Will do...
How do I connect with you on google wave?
Five Myths Of The Enterprise Startup
For Valentine's Day, I would like a bouquet of one dozen fried chicken drumsticks, complete with ribbon and baby's breath.
the best I've heard so far, a must share.
Sitting on the bus stop, wondering if I'm wearing the wrong skirt or if I should replace eating chips with grapefruits....
YES!!!! RT : #myfavoriteartist is the QUEEN period
Im laughing... So is spongebob
and if you don't know... now you know!!
Mark's devastatingly brilliant. Re: Progressive. A man can do what he wants w/his $$. Do beneficiaries know from where it came
As for lawyers, it's more fun to play one than to be one.
#ReplaceCodySongsWithUnicorn Unicorn Your Heart Out..
I hope that every man & just learned from watching Courtney play a man like a fiddle!
hiya! thanks for fallowing! and see you after spring break! :)
thanks for blessing out ears once again #YeaDatsMe ....June 5th
donuts are good for a healthy mind.
On May 1? Bliss. Hope an exciting summer lies ahead. Can't believe it took me this long to find you on here.
IE isn't that bad.:(
4 day weekend!<U+E415>
Uh, where's mine? That isht looks delicious.
Oregon RT : Who won the fight?
Sex aint better that love
No. BUT, it would give you some good column fodder. Is it weird that I miss reading about Bonzi and his sycophants?
of course - standing offer. :) There isn't much I don't/won't read. Anything I can do to help - glad to!
": Davis up 61-42 with 3:19 left. Pirates are already in the four-corner offense."
We're at Click's. We go on at 10:30
you should! You'd be very popular
RT this post if you moisturize your arms and legs daily to achieve rich and glowing skin.
[] single [] taken [x] dont give a fuck cause all the guys are to short, immature, or stupid!..
Elementary School: Everyone is my friend! I love everyone! Middle School: I love my group of friends! High school: What are friends?
Jessica Lange YES!!
Omg got 80k #Yee and I just found out now cuz I was sleeping lol PLEASE FOLLOW ME??? <3 Ps. OMC I love you!! :)
Ice baths suck ass
With April showers, bring May flowers...why is it raining then..not happy.
Clutch is going full THROTTLE.... Are you ready Milwaukee!!! Be sure to tell ALL your friends to come down and check us out....
MasterC is best show on TV-access to these mentors is a GIFT! & empowering to hear stories directly from them!
WAIT I DON'T HAVE THAT ONE YOU WIN
A quick "heads up" that my site is about to go down for a big update this weekend, just in case anyone comes here when they can't access it.
You bet it's fantastic! I'm finding it amazingly helpful
I'm watching Bachelor Pad on ABC right now. And I'm dying inside a little.
washing away my sarrows, washing away my fear And washing away my heart. Four Life
Wow, MCA? Really?
Yeah, going to school tomorrow sounds about as exciting as watching grass die.
RT : New Beyonce....Pump or Dump? What's your opinion?//// did she gain weight or something?
#DFWSEM mtgs: Keywords, Campaigns, Competition, Clicks (CPC & PPC), Connectivity, Conversion, Queries, Cost, Calls, Quotes & Quality score
but neither is the passage nothing; we have norms about voting rights, clean air, higher ed etc that have grown over time
A lot going on with brands at #Chevy charged my phone. #amexaustin10 hooking it up with JayZ concert and deals.
Bout to go to sleep. Goodnight Twitfam!
omfg hahah (x ayee wanna do me a favor & follow me ? (;
The John Hughes pick makes much more sense now.
Any cools shows? Dance parties? Sweet stores? Tweet it and tag it! "#hipstervegas"
May have 2 become a member of the kennedy ctr. Wayne brady turned it out last night doing the songs of sammy davis jr & sam cooke w/the nso!
Both, in a Haley-Joel-Osment-slash-girl-from-Poltergeist way.
what the fuck are you doing stealing other peoples songs..haha do you have any of your own. YOU'RE A FLAKE
Thanks so much. Let us know if there's anything we can do for you. Stay in touch!
Thanks a million!! :)
then, why not a home and home?
pouring down rain and the sun is out, would be running around the house looking for a rainbow if she wasn't in RI *sad face*
I'm might not get wifi there but I'm going I hotta go get my little brother anyways. I'm SO mad you don't understand
is that greater or lesser than a 'buttload'?
Can't wait to hear what have to say next week on the HSMAI Webinar "How to Turn Loyal Customers into Salespeople"
But I live and I learn...
Somehow Online Shopping turned into watching Japanese Rape Porn. Why does this always happen?
GO ! :D It sucked for me cause I wear glasses. -.- and they're squared. BUT I STILL LOVED IT.
"Allegedly" working out
Good morning mothers
I ONLY WANNA STAY FOR 2WEEKS.
Its 11:11 and Im wishing even though I should be asleep!! I wish austin mahone would notice me!! Or atleast marry me!!
Why do I have to wake up to that. I wish I don't needa log on to Twitter and see shit. Not even mad, just upset.
You laugh because you think it's a joke. I laugh because you think I'm joking.
"She went birding in Morocco..." Definitely first line of a poem.
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own Robert Heinlein
My dad says I drive like a "FIB"... Dear lord.
Dorm ...complete with awful roommate.
I wish :(( but we have to stay in a certian county because my moms doc office..
Your make ups more real then you.
AJ Ellis is a born leader. When he takes a day off, so does the rest of the Dodgers lineup.
. As a reminder, LIAR . is only 2 things: An enemy & seditionist. She hates US freedoms.
Make today ridiculously amazing!
you should know by now! Been like 800 days! Lol. Please let me know if u are Beth frazho with five brothers. Hope you get this!
There's so much more to love about now that is single. He most certainly
Congrats ! You've won the $100 Lands End gift certificate!!
This game is ridiculous
Thanks Luke! I really appreciate it!
Today, we're going to discuss prints! What's your favorite to wear: animal, floral, geometric? You tell us!
I love judging dance team tryouts:)
do I need to #fukaniggahup today
I hate #colitis!
Done for the day. I have 120K the average stack is 155K. There are 36 people left 20 get paid. We restart tomorrow at noon.
break a leg! god I would kill to do that show. lookslike i'll do legally blond next but who knows. I for sure will! :D
The Yankees game was great, but The Red Sox game was even better.
Paratext products are Z3950 compliant and work with most discovery services, including #Primo, #EBSCO discovery service and
Oh we would LOVE that! After our event on May 18th, let's chat!
I feel stupid the answer to my ?'s "is right in front of me"but i pretend it's not true . \='"and i wont believe "need some fresh air.
Sit down. Big news. The city housing comm is actually meeting. Its a tad painful as I and landlord atty agree in disagreeing w city atty.
Cheers to , enjoy the Birthday!!
hahaha. Tell me about it!
handles your twitter account in person? :)
Adam n eve dnt eat that fruit best believe imma eat that boo
Third class ticket on Titanic: $40 in 1912, about $900 now. Highest level of first class was $4,500 which today would be $103,000. DAMN!!
thinking of you.
miss you!
I want to go c some new movies dats out
Another lesson from "Learn Python the Hard Way": Type code in. Experiment. It takes longer but this reinforces your understanding.
Question after tonight's GOP debate is who lost more than who won. And, Frothy Santorum lost!
Eat em up Tigers, Eat em up!!
The worst is when you know you deserve it.
My first Derby party - mint juleps and betting, fun :)
#AskNathan are you excited for the new york concert on March 25th?
Pennsylvania. I haven't been to California or Flordia i guess those parts of the US are nice
Thanks for the #Ovations2011 love & support, ladies!
Tea Party support for Heck wanes
There's a knock knock knocking in my head and I think it's called a screaming baby!
That could be self-fulfilling. But my main argument is that the difficulty of writing is a major ball and chain on Chinese.
Feels SO good to be on Summer vacation!
Got water bottles when you get #Thirsty on a test too. Yo #TheStruggle over yo. My shit A1 though <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
“: I'm Taking a chance today to make Zucchini Bread in a Laboratory for my Lover! #dumbholidays” way to bundle them :)
C a p s caps caps caps!
"A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience." - Miguel de Cervantes
ah you sneaky sneaky hahaha sugar him up and send him off
Thanks so much! Always grateful to provide AND receive inspiration. #blackedu ;)
i'm fine too thanks :B
A month and im in
God bless light skin women <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
that airline is falling apart! I Twitter-bitched about it w/ a few months ago, too. We need better options!
Curiosity killed the cat, but mild curiosity just made it squat awkwardly while sniffing.
since when do u have sleeves?!
Is it possible to come to a majority consensus on the best song ever in the world?
You're Perfect.
lmfaoo NO! ... my stomach hurts...
I miss the beach :(
Im not an ass, just not a man whore lol #sorry u smell nasty!! Don't need to lower any standards here again #neveragain hey I was 16??
Jeremy Lin are you kidding me???
Love is the delusion that one man or woman differs from another.
Check out the Australian version of
he a pretty bitch like Lil b haha
you know most ppl really suck at keeping promises
one of my favorites!
done! Thanks.
Twittergrader is really cool! As is Timely.is! Thanks for the suggestions!
ok what's the favor
Getting ready to roll to PHX so all the "driving idiots" on I-10 please take the nearest exit and get off the freeway.
Who's at the Grand Opening of today?!
Was wondering what went with zombies; red or white wine. Then I realized what a silly question. Red of course.
Follow anyone and everything...or at least your heart
After about an hour and a half delay, we are ready to resume play. Runners on first and second with two outs for the Hokies, bottom 1.
youknow it! So what do you do exactly?
What the actual issue is, is people being WAY overdramatic and sensitive. So the kid likes to party - WHO CARES!
can you explain?
The character limit is on Twitter b/c when it 1st started they foresaw use w/ cell phone text msgs & those had character limits
Did Rondo get struckin traffic? When was the last time a player forgot to come to a playoff game?
Not sure about you guys, but /I/ woke up to my cat licking my eyelid.
lmao sure :p
what are your plans for new years eve? Follow for info about our NYE Party at Aloft Hotel Downtown
why get a badass tattoo when you can get one of a goat
I'm gonna be paranoid about earthquakes and things now. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0> but this movie still hasn't made any sense.
I tend to read multple books at one time.
Did you know that February is American Heart Month? Take some time out to learn how you can show your heart some love!
my fortune cookie says "you have a unique personality" ...an understatement, but I'll go with it!
deputation has it's benefits I see
Time flys when you're working the raquet ball courts, it just flies really really slowly
Dear non-education friends and followers: apologies in advance for the nine million tweets from #TEDxNYED you're about to see.
Odors at the moment: saddle soap, horse sweat, leather, barn dust, hay, and manure musk
Exposing ALEC: How Conservative-Backed State Laws Are All Connected - The Atlantic
It is so hot! How about a electric bike ride along the SD Harbor? How bout getting it for 60% off? www.eDailyQuest.com
Thank goodness there is Mel Torme to clean the palate of Frank Sinatra.
morning/afternoon! How are you? Lots of love, follow me please??:'-)
Although partisan, I'm glad to see that the system still works. Congrats to the U.S. Congress for passing the #healthcare bill.
#Shoutout to ---» ! Thanks for the follow
thanks for your help with this. Nice to meet you on twitter too.
on this one I mean the wildest who may not be exactly the best but someone who is just crazy to watch.
Wow, thats dedication!
Sorry I missed your tweets re patent reform yesterday. It's going to create new problems & not fix much.
im so bored :/
*Gulp.* The WHAT? Pictures, please! #snatchel RT : And the glittery uteruses have arrived!
Hey everyone in Los Angeles, Obama's in town tonight, so you'll want to leave work three days ago. Good luck.
Prayers go out to people of Henryville, IN.
Early Intervention and collaboration is key.
#. Buying FRYE Men&#39;s Harness 12R Boot Shopping Online | Leather ...
Working on a curriculum for studying ethics in libraries for staff, pages, part-time workers, volunteers, and community members.
I've been thru this w/ tech support. It does not work. Can you not see the form that I filled out at request of vzwsupport?
that's done
I need $500 to borrow til April to get what I want so any takers?
YAY NEW PICTURE
ny the way ur realy cute
Damn who was that hot girl in Matt Kalil's party? She was sexy! Lol
awesome!! Being a PartyLite Consultant is so much fun!!
Whites in Brazil RT ": Who is more lost, Blacks in America or Blacks in DR? Hm."
Spring is upon us and it is time to think about scheculing at off site meeting! Contact your favorite McMenamins Property to find out more!
Hey peeps ask me any questions and I'll put them in my next YouTube video!!(:
Are u Going To be On Season 4..?
Coaches: All of the players are in Vegas and ready to play. Games will start at 1:30 pm Saturday, July 23rd at Impact Academy.
I love that show.
#ifidiedtommorow id go sign my body up for science and donation list for parts and transplants
I don't like green eggs and ham, I don't like them Sam I am.
When I respect the image of God in others, I protect the image of God in me.Be Blessed Beloved
ANYONE HAVE AN INSTAGRAM!? tweet me (:
that is awesome!
can u or someone else please email me passwords to BWB FB & twitter? Thx!
lmao @ this chick on maury with this bright pink hair
oh my gosh the milkshakes from chevron??
You ever wake up in the middle of the night with heartburn so bad you expect to look down and see your chest glowing like E.T.?
Wait wait wait is his account hacked or something or is he really that much of a douche, the shit he's tweeting lolwtf.
I love when it's hot outside and you can clearly tell who are the gays and who are the straights.
2 auds today, cb yesterday, avail for th-fri.That's what I was hoping for for the 1st week.Last yr, I left town & missed out on all the work
Its amazing! Wow...
#justread Enjoyed Danzy Senna's collection You Are Free.
#dareproject 20! Can you believe it? MARK YOUR CALENDARS - May 16th at Urban Stages! Revealing dares & writers this week.
Looking forward to making some dinner tonight. Operation cook what's in my freezer has officially begun.
RT : Commission considers shortening New Mexico State Fair from 17 days to 12 to save money | The Republic:...
Today Was So Much Fun At The Nokia Theater,Watched#TheMovieBully It Was So Touching&Moving&Made Me Realize Something Needs To Be Done ! <3
I need food
screw this. we're taking our reusable bowls to for <500 cal lunches & ppl watching. judgment tastes sweeter w/ low cal dressing.
"Ok. Ima just rest my eyes untill they reply back" - *next morning* - "Damnit!" so true.
The NBA is in good shape right now, but those Jordan days boy..... Must see tv
can't wait to see you tonight!
RT : #whywouldyou settle for anything less than exactly what you want? < I wouldn't
The Killing is starting to remind me of House. A new suspect every few minutes.
The Elder Scrolls MorrowindOblivionSkyrim Guitar Medley - gibson guitars
you know what you should do?? tweet me? ;D
Types of drug abuse Dental Personnel encounter include sedatives, barbiturates, and narcotics
Bonus Bachmannism: "We're the king daddy dogs when it comes to energy." - Michele Bachmann
Everytime I saw your old Twitter picture, I thought you were my ex boyfriend. Scary! Thank goodness it isn't him, but you! :)
follow me guhh
Back in Bloomington and at brunch at Atlas with
RT : Every man should know how to grill the perfect steak.
Polished and submitted an article!
#bbworld11 can post attachments w discussion board posts
I wish my moma would shut the fuck up always yelling for no reason
oh they were definitely in the red with that promo.
I freaking hate being late!!!!! UGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
A4: Best advice to a frustrated job seeker: Keep calm & carry on! Everyone gets disappointed from time2time, just gotta move on.
i was there last week!! u cheating on me?
Follow the guys of !
What's up for NYE2011? Any greek events?
nothing like a duvet and a big mug of tea when the weathers like this :)
Uh Houston, we have a problem in Cleveland.....
I am Hispanic lol
is hosting a webinar today for the APA: Successful Developer RFP Processes: The do’s and don’ts
That's great! RT : I'm telling ya, the rocks with their access for deaf and hard of hearing viewers!
Thanks for the follow
im not typin ur name on purpose..... mi hands hav a mind of their own
I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU
My go-to clothing items: or jeans, v-neck & scoop tees, my fave sweater & comfy flat shoes.
loved the bit about Kentucky in 7 seconds today...K-E-N-TUCKY!
Glad I got to see tonight! <U+263A>
10 year deal...wow...
@ rounders tournament wahey!!
I'm glad I got a twitter. People be sayin some funny and outrageous shit lol
If The Binding of Isaac came out on the Vita, that'd be all it would take to get me to buy one.
Btw, I heard today. A company called lifelock is still a sponsor of the #RushLimbaughIsAnAsshole show
doesn't #Kevinlove look great with longer hair and a beard? He looked a little jockish before
good morning...God bless
I need some new dvds
My night is gonna suck , hopefully tmrws better.
Now that, of course, begs the questions, "So, why was climbing out the window?" Fun pic!
Three Deported Amigos!
ain't nobody got time for that.
194 i love your icon! Robert and Austin :D
#youknowyourdayisproductivewhen : you are at mailboxes etc.
if I ever go to Texas I want to meet <3
Lol yeah but if i come to dosta imma wanna stay there.
Willie so silly (:
: Thank god Its almost over lol Im so hungry
license to the footage of the silent film thief of bhagdad is available for $500 i smell a music video...
They will be different each time. THIS TIME there will be 7 questions, and 3 answers are based off my keeks & youtube!!! :-D
well..im at a party but im about to leave..and its 1am...here In seattle it always rains u have a bf??
#Prayer was the answer yesterday, today, and I have no fear that it will be the answer tomorrow.
Pretty sure I was not 100% normal even when starting puberty.
Kid who sang One Step Ahead w sing alliance , wicked voice at
how many more days till my birthday
Dakota have fought back and have cut the Jam's lead to 4.. 19-15
falling paper letters with weird light effects = l o v e
I love this show so much. And Lavon needs to be my friend now.
Agreed. MT : Why was I so completely transfixed by a 20th c topic? Franz Ferdinand and historical memory - damn. Spkr was amazing.
So the Library of Congress has approved "Sausages in Art" as a subject heading. Thank goodness.
LOVE TO HEAR THAT Kyle! Wish we could have made it to Camp Tag this year. Thanks for all you do for the #foodallergy community!!
robutts? Really? My my...
"In this new economy, it's all about taking risks and connecting the dots." - entrepreneurial advice from
Agreed! RT : I'm good man. You have been busy. Let's hope stays busy fir two more series'.
That awkward moment when you can't read your own handwriting. -,-
You're welcome! Thank you for your support, too! Keep up the great work!
Im gonna have to say Scorpian just cause he's a total badass
you need me to stomp someone for ya?;)
What if is reading this and retweeted & followed me<33 I would be SO happy(:
I haven't been paying attention; is "Starring Steven Seagal" still a thing?
I'm happy!!!!!! RT : I'd hate to be Reds ....tough to make people happy in this town
im so frustrated -.-
Yeah, I saw that too. All I know is I can't use it w/o knowing other users. C'mon Google! I want you to make FB obsolete.
don’t talk to him, he’s mine don’t look at him, he’s mine don’t smile at him, he’s mine don’t touch him, i’ll kill you :p
Vicky Christina Barcelona. I should watch something I haven't seen yet, but I can't resist my love Javier. M.
two way road! > way and < way!
"suspected" forgot that part
If you are due a refund with your former spouse, make sure it goes to a neutral party who will give you ONLY the refund you are entitled to.
long hair ladies with some free time required for us to practice different wedding hair ups. message us x
Perfectly normal my friend. :)
If you concentrate on finding whatever is good in every situation,
Love bourgeoisie pig RT : : RT : Q5 best #Organic Food?
WHAT?! I'm on the road and need to be updated!
hey what happened? hope ur doin alright. if u need to talk im here.
please contact me at; I need some help buying some tablets from China thank you
MIXTAPE COVERS, PROMO CD COVERS AND SONG ART FOR A LOW PRICE, HIT UP MY DM FOR INFO !
your amazing<3
Up watching some tv and jammin.. Still drinking hard. Fuck it right? Way to much on the grinding mind to give 2 shits right now..
Again, I apologize for the UK fans that use poor judgment, they do not speak 4 all UK fans. I wish you nothing but best of luck.
I fart better dubstep.
going to get the new Kings of Leon album today.
i'm #notafan of yours.
If some people didn't tell you, you'd never know they'd been away on a vacation.
ITS GOING TO BE SO GREAT
I just realized how cute I am drunk.
that they wear tight pants? ;)
good day to you!!
Sees a picture and the caption is "HOLLA AT YOUR GIRL ;)" then sees some guys status "Single girls hmu" Can I just kill myself please?
Alexis Bledel is on MAD MEN??? Damn. I need to catch up.
I do. I never met someone who liked the hiccups before lol
Tweet-to-Win recipients are Thanks, !!!! You guys rock!!!!!!
It's freezing tits in this class.
Listening to The Civil Wars before going to bed makes me feel like I should be reflecting on my life or something.
We have the opportunity to actually change government and increase civic engagement -Ferriero
Our next Line Dance Class is next Friday at 7pm! Will you be there to learn all the latest moves? Your friends and family will be in awe!
for sure. Did you get to Austin yet?
I cannot wait to go see at Hershey this summer! Ejeufbeowhru I'm so excited!(:
U are welcome
Working on my latest blog post, it should be up soon.
Something along the lines of that.
Yeah, the only way to get a hard copy is to order from Unibook.com Thanks for your interest!
What is trending right now? We try and track what the cool videos are so share one!
I want to put #beyonce's #VMA performance on replay for the rest of the night! oh my God how fun!
Love it!! We absolutely do custom orders for any theme you may have! Just call us at 883.0670 and place your order!
Tomorrow we'll have Heather Graham and our buddy and editor at people Magazine Joey Bartolomaeo ..Please Go have a great Thursday!
Thank you to follow us. Are you in the US market yet? If you are looking to export your brand into the US market, we can help you.
I just dont give a fuck.
Tons of clothing inspiration from Woodstock NY!
i can protect myself. but if i really need it. i have no one.
I recommend your book to everyone I come in contact with and I haven't finished it yet. It's amazing. Thank you!
This game is much closer than I thought it would be!!
I seriously can't wait! I've missed it! (:
PR lost 12% of GNP last few years. Lost 18% of jobs. 2% of island's population has left
Hey, I just watched the sneak peak episode of The Pitch, and was ecstatic to see you on there! That was awesome! Congrats!
follow back please :)
this is that tweet where I moan about how overwhelming my ToDo list is. and yes, I know I'm not the only one.
Lol RT Antonio Cromartie out Mother's Day with torn ACL sustained while sprinting between baby momma visits 5 and 6.
I wish I could be at Coachella :'(
you have it? I'm impressed.
HoeLies #36: I didn't sleep with Tiger Woods.
great news John. I know you must be missing them.
people astound me .
what's your Facebook?
Life is turning around, if only I could get over a crush
I love water!!!! Is that weird. It tastes so good
RT this if u think Is gonna win best calab tonight!!!
If you could release some outtakes and HQ photos we would be so happy! :) This is insane and a total shocker! You guys rock!
Good luck to running the Mini this morning! And a big day for my baby brother making his First Communion this afternoon!!
hahaha. There she is.
Come visit in the fall :)
yea yea. thats more obsession than luv but whatever. i think we should go to sleep soon. its almost midnite nd we have skool tom.
#amanshouldnot try to impress me by dissing my bf. he got me without name-calling. i'd hook up with another girl if i wanted to talk shit.
Proceeds from opening day sales benefit Pembo-Cieutat Academy of Dance and the Northshore Cajun Dancers! They won the Swirly Dance-Off!
Thanks :D
yeah no sure haven't.
I downloaded your song on iTunes :D
If American history has taught us anything it's that Jefferson should follow Adams. Vote for Jefferson Smith. cc:
I read fragments of ur article regarding why the Knicks should trade I think that u are all the way insane
HEY THERESA....r u still doing group readings at that restaurant om Long Island every month....how do we sign up?
slight work, Kirstin,
I forgot the rest :( im such a loser
Thank goodness I have the day off tmrw! have slept for at least 5 hours today.
its eyes look so dead!! Freaky.
Highland park artwalkin! On york in between 51st n 50th..join us on the east side!!!
the prosciutto is outstanding!
"Enough!!!!!! I am a GOD AND I WILL NOT BE BULLIED" *proceeds to being whipped around be the Hulk like a Child's play thing
OMG that's the coolest thing ever!!! Where did you get that?!?! :D
It's crazy what makes for affinity. Christian Bale and I both have a basenji dog, so I have a crush on him too.
ugh miss you tons best friend. as soon as these finals are outta the way we need an epicly long Skype date :)
It was fucking righteous!
yo JVR can I get a RT for a huge Flyers fan living in Maine? I'm at every PHI game in Boston and go to a couple games in PHI!
Rehearsal went well. Now heading to Andretti racing for my last night as a single man. Go cubs
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: Stay away from arguments if possible. Some people may get obnoxious or belligerent online.
ideally, next time, I will be more aware of such events.
I'm not gon have to
yeah - totally weird. Looked at code & not seeing a prob. Thanks regarding my work!
Looks like #KanyeWest has scored himself a pretty good beard for Summer.
lol nice haha, well can i call And tell u about the school?=/ it wasnt that bad lol
3:58 to go 1-1 #caps #bruins its getting beyond intense on the ice.
My interest in humanity and the preservation and cultivation of it should be an interest of us all for we are all human;
Finna watch the Avengers, hope this shid straight
This morning's get-ready-for-work music? The Zelda 25th anniversary medley. #nerdyenoughforyou?
People be reading twitter like everything ppl tweet is about them.. SMDH! They are just tweets ppl lol
Last time waking up for classes this semester <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
One day the world will end. Ehat are u going to do about it?
needs to be reminded of three words of wisdom that one should never forget "Donna Martin Graduates!"
After a whirlwind tour of NYC, I'm back (though still moving a little slowly due to a trip to the 2nd Avenue deli).
How ya been? How's the job hunting goin'? :-)
Thank you! Definitely on the radar!
The NFL draft is just like ceramics class, if you want to build something special, you need Morr Clai
Happy Birthday! I hope u have a gr8 day :-)
haha I thought of you when I saw who FSU was playing :)
#IfYouKnowMeYouKnow that I could care less if you liked me or not.
I have enjoyed that series it's very well done but now all I can think abt is asparagus,goatcheese ,,,beGGIN tarts
Thanks for the great presentation today. Wanted to talk further - can you DM us with your email?
come back to jacob burns...
I don't like cinammon :/
What have you done today to make someone else smile?
heard rumors that my cat destroyed another pillow. Do they make kitty-prozac?
I still can't follow no one new since sometime this week((( is there a limit of 2000 people I could only follow or something?
Y'all should make an itunes mix of good workout music.
Don't be surprise when you see me happy with someone else.
Car-culture-as-manliness is stupid, and became outdated when we figured out decent quality control for cars. Get help.
8 species of wild fish have been detected in aquaculture feed
glad you made it to the #auroratownhall. Thanks for joining in the conversation!
what city are you located in?
amen to that
Heading home to see if my dear, dear car is really truly totaled.
Who woulda thought I would be the hold out! RT : I got my Christmas present, it's a boy! We're so happy! :)
no, you don't need DirecTV.
i love your tweets please follow me if your not already!!!:) thanks
have fun! my experience, people that hate Disney hate life. And themselves. :)
what's good!
Does anybody know if #FashionStar is at ten tonight or 8:00 like last week?~
"I am the light of the world. Anyone who follow Me will never walk in darkness but will have the light of life." John 8:12
I would remiss if I didn't say that he also brought it into courtroom -- while walking past door sign that read "no drinks"
Good luck! :)
^_^ RT : So glad that I stopped worrying about this shit. My friends are glad too. It was fucking with my head. I'm good :)
OK: That's just plain funny. RT : If my bikini fit that badly, I'd return it.
Watching #House Cant believe Wilson has cancer. Love the drama!
20 percent boys of the world have brains, rest have girlfriends.
you should get a massage!
420....already blazing.....
already did
no manda, i hate u will all my heart cause ur a whoree ! Justt kidding (:
Thanks Eric, I appreciate your support for in the Lean Challenge.
IM SORRY, text mee
I had one last wknd and tried to get Trisha to remove. She was zero help.
I say that every single day.
your dog has a long weiner
My acting peeps? Follow & this woman knows the business of show business inside and out! And maybe ninjas!
love your web site :)
You fucked up.
u shut up u up here trya sing
There's one pair of flats that she actually chewed on. I think it's because they smell the worst.
race is on Sunday, and I actually WILL be tweeting while running. My bib has a chip that tweets my progress. :-)
Note to self: job stuff to references about.
was just thinking => when not using python, I miss requests. Thanks for it. You deserve all accolades!
who knew my cousin was such a blogger?! Love the blog, Tiff. :)
It's beautiful 3rd day of November! How do you feel about the election results?
But it would be better if i put it on twitter .!
RT accordion killing songs and drunken shenanigans tonight at el rio with rhubarb whiskey in SF
I'm in Santa Monica. Someone needs to come take a picture of me
Baruj Benacerraf, Venezuelan immunologist, won the 1980 Nobel Prize in Medicine for discovery of the major histocompatibility complex genes.
Lil Boosie is not the first rapper to admit killing someone in their songs...
I agree! I love reading the physical magazine. I'm sure this is to save money :(
lol yes, im leaving for prom at 5, courts party starts at 6
Your #hybridbus tweets made me laugh. I actually had good luck riding these in London -- where are you?
The moment when u wake up sober after a one night stand and the person is so ugly u would rather chew ur arm off then wake them
lol no where'd you go to get the food silly (:
I Music News Radio | Old School Rap 5 – I Music News Radio
im gunna say 3 names, you have to tweet me which one youd kiss, kill, and.... yeah lol
#SHOUTOUT :) you're on our list the call backs,you have a strong voice.
Starting the night off right <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
my friends in college tried so hard to get me to sign up for both of those shows! :)
The little kid Shane, yes he is.
Thank you!
I understand. Dont try that tweet again. Im amfraid you'll hurt yourself. :)
I wanted to watch it on a #Slapjack movie night!! But couldn't wait. Glad you liked it. I think I almost cried
Save money for #class #action notices--check for duplicate entries in the class list before mailing.
Marketing support. #www.bpmktg.com. Communication plans. We plan it, execute it and tell you what the ROI is. We drive down acquisitions.
also the name of a character in the X-men
Sun is out and trees are in full bloom! Time for a run!
Leadership Coaching's LCAs are in-house honing their educator skills. It is inspiring working with such dedicated faculty!
aha hell yeah james leaving and trevor worrying about what alexa says aha
thank you Marqy! :)
It went from do anything for you babe to you don't even miss me...
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, and half-shut afterwards. Benjamin Franklin
Guitar lesson, canceled this evening. It's time to take a night off, chill... or do laundry.
science only goes so far & then comes god .
u a good gurl 4 now but ima make u a freak in no time baby
#jointhefight? I've had about enough of politicians who see themselves as soldiers in a zero-sum game.
yes, and "living in poverty"? He's not some savant from the projects. But hey, i temped for years too... I could use that...
its definitely gonna b on with 2morrow!!!!!
This is wonderful! I've been a long-time user of Alt+X input in #Word. Now I can do direct Unicode input in #Scrivener. Thx!
Hassan Sharif lecture and reception tonight! Alexander Gray Gallery, Chelsea, NYC 6 PM
been listening to 's #AngelsandGentlemen mixtape all morning <U+2665><U+2665>
Now I'm putting on some snuggie sweats and making some macaroni and cheese. The ultimate comfort food.
for now I'm watching gaiam dvd I got at work, just wanted to see if id like it. I'm going to stick with it. What do you do?
Disappointed that didn't text me today
WHERE IS THIS BOX OF BOOKLETS
will be on flexfmradio this Saturday ! Discussing dv's new collection .
Never stop
LOL, oh Lord! Between dancer's & runner's feet, not good ha! :p RT : ... careful she may visit u & check yer toes.
HA! Nelson RT : Will do....She said she use to call you Nelson lol
New on tap: boulevard nutcracker!!
Team Boobylicious Babes!!!! Visit www.komendenver.org to join my team or make a donation!!!!! Your support is much appreciated!!!! Xoxoxoxo
aww he just cursed out my lil cousin
whoa amazing!!
Thats ok. i know that all those messages from everyone its hard to see. and it was like 1am your time:)
I was going to dick on you for this, but I agree. This is a legitimate concern.
Gotta take advantage of this nice cool weather! :) lol
pretty please put the white dress up soon so I can go to bed?
The bad news is time flys. The good news is you’re the pilot.
ARE YOU KNIFING ME!? It's been raining. A LOT.
[snarky comment about publishers wanting libraries to repurchase ebook licenses after n loans] amirite!?
Did you figure out what you needed? Message me if you need more XML help.
OMG. I'm gonna buy like 200 Believe albums now. o:
Keep faucets dripping and cabinets under sinks open. Thawing pipes and fixing leaks.Licensed plumbing service 821-2597 11degrees ad our #
I love your love I feel it even when I sleep baby! Missing you and I'm never gonna stop sending you more power and energy!!
crippled vomiting physically broken my stomach is so cold
Someone looking for some brunch options?
promo shoot today! yay!
Same goal for a better SD. GOP or not doesn't matter.
Haha either one.
There's no shortage of women who rap. There's a shortage of diversity in the types of women in rap. Not every woman is ghetto or superfreak
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, Feb 8th, 10:30am "Books by Eric Carle" -'Draw Me a Star', 'Do You want to be My Friend?'.
hmu dem still around 2 stranger
Been saying this for years, its not gonna kill him!
The Devil made me do it is an old New Jersey hockey proverb. You don't believe that? Puck off!
YOU fucking get out of my life, now. do it. fuck off, I don't want you talking to me, go fuck yourself.
pretty, did you by any chance find my phone in your car?
Man I'm blazed and got da munchies!!
for dinner, the enchiladas were the bomb ..
eat a knuckle sandwich
Sure. I guess I was thinking marginal inasmuch as they were never really the A plot. Work over relationships a la The Wire.
Would love to connect! DM? Thanks !
THE BIKE (MY BABY) (MY SUMMER CAR) IS OFFICIALLY READY TO GO #thankscrankdaddys #repairscomplete :)
In my pants?
Just Landed! Its Beautiful In Cali!
On International Women's Day, let's hope they never all sync up and destroy us all in a PMS fueled international rampage.
As seen on , Globetrotters & donate funding to for 6,020 eyeglasses.
This is one of the best Chinese tables yet! Meet on Wednesday at 5pm at Dragon Express 1400 East 3rd St # A, B-Town! Free food! Soup is $1!
Make it happen
Thanks for the new 100 followers!
<3 Everyone Loves You <3 I Hope I made You Smile After You Read This :]
's tweets to danielle right now >
hello there fabulous!
lmao oh wateva...u wuld have known if I unfollowed u or blocked u it was have stated that I followed u again...u r crazy
Never think that God's delays are God's denials. Hold on, hold fast, hold out; patience is genius.
This is so great! Wonderful work! RT We get to give so many girls in need FREE prom dresses!
what are you shooting?
seems like a good day to bike downtown to grab some grub
Divide your height and
Robin Williams and balance, in the same sentence? Wut is this?
Clarence Thomas won't need to ask a single question this week. He's already made up his mind.
thank you for the heads up, I'll be uploading the new single next week, and I'll make sure you get it first!
And Jesus Montero uses the short porch in right to homer as the M's take a 2-1 lead.
Doctor says no activity for 24 hours? No problem. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
lololol I thought I was gonna fall down the stairs at school today
I'm back on track! Starting workouts again today. Stress tst next Thurs.
that awkward moment when your home alone but hear footsteps.
ah, the ipod cooperates today with a harmonious mix. surprise. I asked for a cd player, they gave me the ipod. It grows on me.
Middlemarch. Feeling absurdly girlish by giving this answer.
Do you have an attendee list for this? I might be able to sell it to the big guys...
is about to workshop with Melanie Burgess of John Levey Casting! (Jarhead, Southland, ER, West Wing, Third Watch, etc)
hey now! That's ny home town boy! Lol
Just became a Ticketmaster free venue!!! What has been my favorite Philly music venue for the past 20 years just got better!
Thanks. Glad you like. Tell the friends and family. Maybe they will get you one as a gift ;) Just got to drop the right hints
Maryland can learn from Baltimore's experience with open data - Baltimore Sun
That's THE question. RT : how do visitors want to interact with museum exhibits?
that's too bad! Orlando is such a fun city! Btw, I'm a huge fan of yours...could you please follow me?:)
Sounds fun! Im interested!:)
Apartment searching in San Francisco has got to the one of the most frustrating things to deal with in this city. Any tips?
Hey guys we are playing The Lutheran Church Hall July 7th its $5 all money goes to Partners in Health! Contact us for more information.
sounds great. would love to feature those tours.
With Hillary soon ! :)
#swbayMEGA who already launched websites or landing pages?!
You got the building, just the wrong side. Good job!
Half day :)
Fuck this, doing me for a while
n00b notes on oil #painting #5. SERIOUSLY block in first. Like, no part of canvass unpainted before you put in detail. Big brush first.
Only God can judge me
haha well I'm glad you like it :)
Home as luxurious sanctuary- a wise and worthy pursuit.
RT : So excited for all the new grads out there!!! It's a hard time, but exciting. Options endless, dreams are big...
omg! I was fixing to say something! You were freaking adorable! Now you're just plain sexy ;) bahaha!
I know! Thanks for the RT!
hey Andrew?
Let me know if you're selling any old ones!
Getting photography equipment ready for Fatemeh's baby shower tomorrow!
congrats. Gets you closer to cuse???
We're in Hershey, PA this week, alongside the folks at CSIU. Stop by Booth 325 to say hi!
I am but I need to shut it off and go to sleep haha. 645 am alarm for work with a long ass day tomorrow.
Boarding a red-eye for Erie, PA, on route to my sister's wedding; listening to the book, "Endurance: Shackleton's Incredible Voyage."
hey Ro! "phone booth"
Idk. I just need to stay awake and I only saw you here. You are usually multitasking!
I feel ya bro.
Working from home is wonderful!
No wht since ppl have so much sh*t to say on twitter yall have my number nd you no were i am #CallMeBeepMeIfUWant ToReachMe
Have a happy Thursday!!
#MadMen premiere "zooby zooby zoo" moment: sexy or awkward?
Who feels worse: sean or sarah? RT: who was ur fav bc women's bball player? ( Sean Marshall!! Great handle)
Now that the bulls won I'm going to bed. #GOODNIGHT <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
everyone's completely conditioned to use it
Your kids can pot plants, walk thru volcanoes & create butterflies at the North Park Festival of Arts - All for FREE!...
Fevers come, fevers go. That's just how it is.
Received 1st graduation announcement from 1st nephew to graduate High School. For some reason I feel older now than I did 2 minutes ago.
Luv 4 RT: Book of Mormon is so mind blowing & special - I wish not-rich people could see it- they'd LOVE it!!”
You're so lucky.
alas, no "egg robbery"? i can think of a few thousand tiny suspects for that crime
"Change ALL your doctors to Black practitioners" ...from "The Conscious Consumer's Guide to Supporting Black Businesses" on our site! GO!
Mark.It.Down. #GatorNation RT : 117 Days until #florida kicks off it's football season!
Yep! Are you in Hollywood yet? We should hang out tomorrow :)
Hello, you knew that I admire? you are very beautiful!
Right now four new connecting trails are being designated as historic components of the Capt John Smith Natl Historic Trail!
Follow back me,is Sexy related to Watch One Tree Hill
Hustle all day!
But it's... why is it... I can't even... THAT'S IT EVERYONE PUT YOUR HEAD DOWN ON YOUR DESK FOR A TIME OUT.
FLOTUS is vacationing in LV with the first daughters! Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas, .. Have fun!
I nominate , , , , and for Sergeant
lol Cole your so slow hahahhaaha but thats wassup im proud of u! Made it out of HS
on occasion
By the numbers: 2012 Buick LaCrosse
hello to new follower
The leaf blower guy should really sleep in more.
hope to see Kevin, Sarah, Melham in August during trip to east coast
Goodnight Twitter :D Shopping Bound Tomorrow :) !
that's it? Just today? :(
Another wing night gone. Lost, like tears in the rain. Time... To die.
Enjoying the dark meat, of fried chicken, that is. Yup, I just went there.
I love big black penis!!
Join for our no-cover jam session this Sunday 6:30-9:30pm. Charlie Himel subbing on bass.
It's one of those social media things....like posting pics of what we're eating and drinking...10 years ago, nobody did that
THROW YA ARMS UP LIKE ITS GOOD ON DA TOUCHDOWN
Love Justin.tv, such a cool webpage
Tobias: digital humanities suggests immunization of history, results in need for engaged digital praxis
I used the mmqgis plugin to create a hex grid, then points in polygons tool to add density to hexs. DM me for more directions.
Sometimes I like to go to the Cincinnati Zoo, stand outside the tigers enclosure and sing ' hey I heard you were a wild one...oh'
let's plan on monday! what are the details?
Sick. Wow this is fun.
Made in Italy house privee tonite at ! Are u ready!?
We'll spend it cleaning the house and getting ready for a family Easter gathering tomorrow. Not exactly
Check out our trivia section on the side of the page under our profile picture!
Sounds like its ignited #AudaciousFaith ^staff
Coolest day ever (: night!!!
Just had someone follow me, the profile picture file name is "mirror-girl-16.jpg", so yeah, I'm thinking spam.
And to think I was going to dig through piles of garbage to find your Paul Reiser Show screeners. Will the horrors never end!?
hello!! I'm doing great, how about yourself?? Yes I am a busy guy but that's life. Thanks and you're welcome!! Take care!!
you are so cute :)
Hopw u r doing well Kelly.
Twitter is going buggy!!!
that just makes me so, so sad. :(
Yeah, I think we just got him this year.. He hit .290 in 70 games in 2009 with Houston. He's 31 though.
Thank you. RT : hi dear - sending you love and hugs :)
THURSDAY! make sure to head out to the GRAND OPENING of the BRINK! Ill be spinning! Free cover all weekend!!...
I want to be all that is capable of becoming.
my favorite movie ever! I wanna watch it right now! I cry the whole time and still pretend I'm her lol
fitness lives in learning and hustle.
BRAVO you are one in a million
lol i dont wanna do it
Is it wrong of me watching mythbusters instead of watching the heat game? All I hear about the game are complaints about the refs and FT's
~No Sitting At The Table If U Bringing Nothing To It..!*
playing at Havana Central.
I give it hard for the ones that gotta live it hard
YES!! LOL english essay uggh:/ its due friday.
RT Had a life changing moment today and it really opened my eyes is my
It's good to know my friends are as nerdy as I am.
AB in physics
Rigby's already snoring. We're all tuckered out.
lol xD well it was the episode where they were cavemen, so it was weird xD hahaha but sadly that's true lol
You have to live through the worst to get to the best!
Man people take forever to do small shit, hotwire didnt get so awsome by me draggin my feet like some people :-\
Trynna brain storm
love u by the way, thanks for letting me watch the match at 7am
Yea ik I say sorry a lot but this time its for real I regreat a lot but I wat I did to u guys is so cruel with a captial C...
oh weekend. you are so near.
its friday;)
Outside lookin in well I'm in the building
loved the new fashion feature in the When are we going to work together?
Its true people are strange when your a stranger! But that's what makes life interesting so let's get #weird!
Oh ABDC7 its gonna start.!;D
Hah. Fair assessment! RT : Peter Dinklage is the Robert Downey Jr. of little people.
thanks..wonderful work u do..god bless u..:)
Snuggling is a basic human need.
I'm really curious as to what inspired you to do so. xD
Ha! Let's just hope the rain comes after the wedding and not the day of!
im coming
1 week till #R5WestCoastTour stop in Bakersfield! I cant wait!!!
it's not loading for me. It must not be iPad/iPhone friendly. Boo. What a tease!
Greetings and thanks for following us. We look forward to being of service! ~Linda :o)
Garmin Forerunner 210 - personal computer heart rate monitors
yeah I'm using ViSalus. Have you tried it yet?
Today is the day! It's been really real !!!!!!
GREETINGS PATTI FOLLOW RACHEAL CHECK OUT HER HAIR LINE
I hope so babygurl... promiise yu won't overwhelme yo self... W.O.R.D. is real
thanks! Currently having a bit ofa a panic attack but it'll pass. :-)
People are coming back from the dead and living forever ... I don’t think there’s going to be a rational explanation, Scully.
Editing, Rendering, Duplication... Who says men can't multitask!!
Tomorrow is the big day! Vote no on Issue 2!
Have you seen Lujure? Save time and money for yourself with this easy-to-use social media platform.
FACT RT : Anybody else furious at Rajon Rondo for acting like a child? I know is.
Watch the devil make game7 go 3OT then come get some
#MilnesWedding is a wrap! Congrats to the beautiful bride and groom! I know it's late but I'm anxious to see their photos!
If LeBron signs with the Heat, it makes Boston's "Big 3" look like a Rec League squad. Ridiculous...
What was Super Jam sayin lemme know if u was actually there.. Don't wanna hear no he said she said..
I actually like Alice in Wonderland. I don't like his Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. Best: Big Fish
#oomf isnt making any sense right now.
Eheh! XD Agreed, defiantly #NoShame I will proudly stare at any gorgeous members Ass for a very long time! :D
Well it's time to hit the hay, it's snowing here. See you all tomorrow, good night.
thts gonna b do sick man!!
If you live in the northern KY/Cincy area you have to root the Reds...jus sayin
Man I just got rejected six time, but at least I'm making the attempts.
thanks for the RT
Shaq: "Chris Bosh is an 'other'."
she's actually Cartwright
Another successful night in the studio, just wrapped up a session with for the homie
#DBUalum - Come back to campus tonight for #OneNightWorship with in the Pilgrim Chapel at 8pm.
I think just had his account hacked. Unless he really wants us to help clean out toxins and lose weight.
Looking to buy a house??? Call or text me anytime 617-800-3737
Ill die for minez!!
I had a great Zumba Class today!
RT i woke up this morning like a got damn cat in heat i tell you!
BUT I like okc too ... Smh
You know me! RT : yes! I'm so happy your name came up. Hope you're out celebrating.
How do u auto follow bck???
HARRY IS QUITING THE BAND! Kidding, trynna get your attention. Harry is still and will always be apart of the band. Follow !
If you're honest about your weaknesses, your credibility and persuasiveness increase.
You're an angel, okay?
Fuck shaving the playoff beard. I may shave the whole fucking head now.
what an adventure! And with prizes!
I know what you mean. Blogging takes time, but you do a valuable service for people looking for credible information.
Of course, if you'll have us!
I'm so drunk!
Sorry for the lag here -- do you have a link to the NPR story on algorithms?
I'm gonna vote early when I get back to ABQ later this week!
hope ustream was awesome with the dudes that made it!
don't lie you're in love with... :o with who?
audition and then tennis lesson, what a great day!
io know u have so many fans but i hope u get a chance to read this i wanna know if u can follow me and reply thanks lots a love
lol true true!
Gucci Mane >
wondering if would ever help NEED with a benefit show. hm ...
I dont know how to subtweet....is there a button for that
Going on a run
bite me
jealous. got to see a well pitched game too.
i'm gonna be so mad if my mom doesn't let me go to the concert this saturday. -__-
I don’t insert unnecessary commas into questions like “What makes you you?”
The lances look wicked!! Thanks for posting pix!
Hello Ron, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
Lets go #Team2tone :D
Dreams are illustrations from the book your soul is writing about you.
Watching Chicago Code on my study break and laughing that they filmed a hold up at my favorite dive, Rite Liquors! So funny.
So stoked on the new dishes on the menu! Come check out Escargot Bruschetta w/ shimeji mush, Prawns w/chorizo cocoa nib vin and Cioppino
Nothing better than relaxing in the pool!! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><U+2600>
When My Phone Rings One Time.
STOP JOSEPH KONY IN AFRICA & RESCUE THOSE CHILDREN HE'S TAKEN FROM THEIR FAMILIES.
Why do so many sites for online programs have home pages that scroll down forever? Did I miss a memo?
Jeff: I'm going to Mexico. Me:you better come back w/ a sombrero. Jeff:Im coming back with a Mexican.
You can't make me buy health care coverage! Much better if I wait till I'm very sick, get treated and you pay for it.
Is the past tense of a tweet a twat?
I thought the original was great, giving the English version a try
not trying to be mean but it's annoying me
Who just did that horrible randition of the national anthem for the nfl
#bullsnation should be happy, better going home now, than facing the Boston celtics, escape that beatdown
I was going to rename one of my kids "Hotspacho."
Love u (DatDreadHead)
please continue your work of bringing justice to tyrants - i.e. Bin Laden and Gaddafi - and pledge assistance to #StopKony!
Your not a directioner because u call the boys gay or homosexuals. Your a directioner if u don't call them names and show respect! <3
Since when r u not allowed 2 share a sub at ? And then told if I share I can't refill it? Def NOT subway policy
Dnt ask for nun. Work for everything
thank you very much :p
its cuz i asked u to take me on a date to see the lucky one isnt it ^.^ no need to hide it
What's everybody doin?
Avi Something Else >
idk man, some bitches are too stupid now a days.
don't worry nobody's off here either
i know, i was just saying you told me about it and i had to try it .
Doing our best to get a young victim of domestic violence back to Florida from California. Needed to raise $133; looks possible.
Some dance, others wave flags and a few even drop and do push-ups. If you were a mascot, how would you celebrate? www.CapitalOneBowl.com
I'm gonna need one of those when I get in :)
I feel honored to be cutting 's hair to the shortest it's been since 12 years old
yes I loved them... They were amazing
Great meeting this morning talking partnership with and Some exciting times tie ahead!
Sacramento wins the toss in overtime and will get the first crack to score.
Can't pick a single favorite, but I love Michael Pearce's Mamur Zapt series, set in colonial Egypt.
Meth and red
At about 9 m, she got better about not needing lots of attn when we got home. Hope you reach that stage soon.
It's pretty awesome when a 77 year old writer/philosopher/ethicist/farmer has groupies.
AT&T pushes back expected close of T-Mobile deal AT&T ( NYSE:T ) said it now expects its proposed $39 billion acquisition of T-Mobile
What's your fav and least fav graphic novel? I like Blankets by Craig Thompson. Can't think of any bad ones. Can you?
sounds perfect.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
One day closer to the weekend! Have a great evening, guys!
Sad news about Steve Jobs.
Lax game!!
I guess no relationship is perfect. Right?
I refuse to answer that question on the grounds that I don't know the answer. ~ Douglas Adams
At least you made it home safe right! :D
Everyone watch #SMASH on NBC tonight at 10 PM and cheer on Josh Bergasse - choreographer extraordinaire!! YAY JB!
Not much longer!
I just had a boob ass home cooked meal by
Awww! RT ": A random S/O goes out to my Bestfriendddd (:"
I have 30 days left with my job..
Killer shows going on! Last chance to see it this Sunday msg me tix. Merry Christmas 561¡ Mexican Wolverine out! :-{\\\
@ Lavo in the Palazzo with great company Tai Tran of Via Photo and Ann of Shop 90. Had a delicious filet with deep fried Oreo's for desert.
Happy Thanksgiving Drew!
wait. You're going to have another grand baby? CONGRATS!
thank you.
THE AVENGERS!!!!(:
yess i just did, and i loove the picture for the fan page
That pisses me off! Cliff lee has the lowest ERA in baseball and has zero wins!
Haven't heard much about Texas boarder lately. Are the Mexican drug dealers still taking over the farmer? One day we will set our priorities
No great discovery was ever made without a bold guess. ~ Isaac Newton
good morning blue dots!!! i hear your 65% off today!!! (DON'T MISS SOME AMAZING DEALS & STEALS!!!) xo
Of course!
Every tweet is just a botched attempt to convey my inner self :(
like i said, SaaS morphs the categories, making it easier to have gradual adoption over time, if needed.
Thanks for following! I'm looking forward to reading your updates.
be right over!! ;)
Africa , it was a little grueling !
Watts up
#imjealous that all my friends have someone that makes happy
omg. i LOVE !! have such a blast!
haha alright. Night
i forgot i had a tweeter
Just got my new re-branded business cards -- 4-color with a QR code on the back!
how did I unfollow u? I don't get it lol it says I'm still followin u on mine
"WARREN WOLF" is climbing up the jazz charts. Get the record. W/ & Greg Hutchinson!!!
#Nw Think like a man
GIVING RANDOM SHOUTOUTS TO RANDOM PEOPLE!
Major updates to my website! www.rachelbailit.com
Are u going to chinatown hh today with ?
Yepppers they do! :)
Gettin ready to go to a private event for Neyo! Welcome back to Chi!!!
Wait, the #Kings have scored 4 goals? That's their total for the entire regular season, not one game, right?
Let's see, my #FridayReads are a partial manuscript, a contract, and a book proposal. Such is the life of an aspiring editor!
Yes! Perfect weather for that tune :) RT lovin' your new EP in this sunshine.
Thanks for all the new follows on Twitter -
NEWS FROM THE GIRLS LOCKER ROOM: A GIRL JUST TOLD ME SHE WAS THE GIRL WHO SNITCHED
Snow day and I'm stuck inside with a stupid cold!!!! Better get better soon I have a crazy weekend ahead
winning!!! Hope you're having fun in ATL!
S/o for all the RT's
Visca Barca! They need to score and score early.
CM Huizar: EG not some elected official who governs from ivory tower. Young but a statesman with desire for best for the city.
yea but he ova TRYING to cake but she giving him the cold shoulder
Of the resources you've shared with us, Which would you say are your favorites?
Do ALA's demographic selections still not include Access Svcs or Circ? Not my area, but still don't see it? Hmm.
Celebrating the launch of the revamped site with a happy hour at
If a chick says "hi" to me, my first thoughts are "yeah, she wants me."
they started screaming at each other within minutes. I love it
The Heat looked like deer in the headlights most of the game. Talk about coming up SMALL! Heat just burned out.
Want this day to be over already so Friday can start and I can go to the Epic Rail Jam, drink, chill and get this B-day weekend started.
same dude that's fam
Good Morning... <3
thanks Chris! you rockin' and rollin' on this fine Wednesday?
() one more! Medium Rare in Cleveland Park. ONLY serves steak frites. will love.
Writing these couple of songs. Words inside my head flowin .
Yeeessss! It's Friday
after bowling i went home to some damn adventure time i slipped myself some pink xannies danced around the house in all ova print panties
Can't wait for Bank Holiday all day to prepare for Scott's karaoke!!!
Guys please don't ask me to be in any birthday videos, I just don't have time to, sorry! :(
when am I getting an invite to one of these events
oh my gosh! im tweeting from like so many accounts right now at once. not even kidding. if your following all of them your gonna be spammed.
no I'm closing at a store tonight
are you going to be in the plaza tonight? How much?
Happy birthday to the most amazing woman in my life. The only girl that I can trust and love with all my heart my mom! Love you
uhmm am with besties strolling round da school yard lol x add meh on facebook prince james olakanmi babe i love yhu xx fun
RT : I need help troubleshooting the camera on my mac. Any suggestions twitfam?
Also featuring some new faces from Miller Park, a UW track star eyeing the Olympics, and two high school teams in Appleton doing good things
Give Axl Rose the benefit of the doubt with the #Rockhall2012 but he could have at least backed up Emmett Otter at Carnegie Hall today.
Free coffee drinks at our Benson shop from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday, April 2 to celebrate Perry Merkel's 36 years.
Statewide, when comparing July 2011 to July 2010: • The number of pending sales increased 11.3% to 5,183.
Tonight. Skylark. Party time!!!
Thanks Joe!
happy winter solstice festival!!!
The band will be on the show tomorrow and will perform "Preacher's Son" and "Tithonus" from their upcoming album!
come home man nigga miss you shoot!
wow. I can't count. Thanks! I thought 3.
Awww Thanks & You too! :)
love you JR! lol
You fancy! :D
Is Madonna a Hypocrite With Anti-Smoking Stance ...
Make it pay Prince....
Hi What type of SPAM are you referring to? Email?
haha I know man I miss ur comedic ass too
You Web Series panel: there are lots of new festivals just for web series
To find joy in work,is to discover the fountain of youth~Pearl S. Buck
pulls together the last evening Radio Freedonia. Tonight at 11 on wtju.net or 91.1
Stop eating your cereal off the table. Keep it in the bowl.
u too!!! Goodnight:)
Nice move Travis#24... Rock chalk Jayhawk go KUUUUUU!!!!
totally. agree. i do it all the time;
Thank you! Last scrimmage tomorrow then we start Tuesday! Best wishes.
Eatting breakfast with one of candidates for governor of Mississippi Bill Luckett
Everyone should go check out the amazing deals from our friends over , its so good you can't afford to NOT get a tattoo!
I don't sleep ever.
can I get an RT? It would make me the happiest girl in the world =)
No He said he would have ____ with them and One of them is me :(
Wait, you're not Britney Spears?!?
#history #museum #historical The highway of the old West, the Old Spanish Trail, comes out tomorrow.
You're awesome. Thank you for being so great!
you are most welcome! - we missed you!
still am and always will be looking for beats.
Still using the same services @ ur salon? Tssk, Tssk- HAIR EXTENSIONS R ALL THE RAVE & THE BIGGEST $$ MAKER 4 HAIRSTYLISTS! WWW.DRWIGGYS.COM
Ppl think they slick. I ain't stupid I just ain't saying shit. Cause IDGAF
We need to play it like soon! Just a little fun fact: Friday's $290 MILLION jackpot is the 8th largest #MEGAMillions jackpot ever!!
Shut up! Hahahaha you would take a picture of that. 1 apple butter + 2 apple butters = <U+E345><U+E345><U+E345> apple butters. No shit thanks....
Romney apparently just got around to watching the #sotu address last night on his 82 inch 1080p television that floats above his pool.
“Worries go down better with soup” ~ Jewish Proverb
Weighing buying a fringe jacket and a drifter hat and growing my hair out like the Cros-man.
Lists | Category Theory in JavaScript
The Greatest Love Of All <3
forgot to promote #FreeBandsFriday i mean it is today and my bday cmon say it one time for me lol
Don't bring it up... Just b prepared when she bring it up
Super bowl party all planned great friends and family time. Giantswin
is LIVE from Miami Beach on www.radio4by4.com from 1pm-3pm EST with my house music broadcast DESTINATIONS w/ Kristian Caro
what happened bro
Well, my week away from the madness of Job Corps coming to an end! Back to busted old Flint Sunday morning.
90% of ur problems are ur own doin whether its intentional or not. The key is to learn from them so you wont make them same mistakes again
Tagged some on FB, not all have Twitter :)
Power failures in Woods Hole are making life interesting for the EOL software development team.
#NOSCA adds the perspective, that students who go through a CTE program get added bonus of learning the utility of their lessons.
of course..., you too
Trying to help heal the world through creative aspects.
excellent news abt new record(s). Can't wait to hear. Been on a big Sebadoh listening spree as of late. Old still feels new.
No. Avocado is not a joke.
The more I look at it, the more the new "Super Shiny" firefox logo annoys me.
Slathered in cheese? Yes, yes they are. Come eat them ASAP!
just work wassup Uncle
I really miss her presence on Twitter.
Next Wayfarer Festival artist announcement coming Monday!
Tomorrow is our last Saturday on Willy Street!!! Come on out and visit our moving sale before we pack up for King Street on Sunday!
today is a good day for a hike in the woods, no seriously.
We r honored 2 invest in such a worthwhile & truly powerful program that is doing great work in MKE. Keep up the gr8 work!
That was Matt Thornton's way of saying "Only room for one scraggly beard on this staff, bitch."
if you say so
Oh my you are too cute..to bad i live in Ny and you live in The Oc
in the library working on an ANNOTATED BIBLIOGRAPHY.. Ewahh!
oh i loved it and good hock up with diggy ! + i was lovin the jackets <3
it's different! cool that it works over there though
neither do I!
Nicole Smith Students who do well in math earn more, irrespective of their degree or field?
RT FOLLOW ONE OF TWITTER'S BEST
great meeting you today! (Cc )
haha I miss you fool
Well..goodbye Nancy Pelosi..and good ridance. Time for a big retirement party!!!
not yet!! but you're following them, yeah??
thanks for being part of the insanity, Bodie!
look at you!
LET'S STOP THIS GUY #GOallOUT on April strait up you gon see me hop fences/houses posting these posters
“: Something is seriously wrong w/ jackie! That bitch is mad! Her daughter prolly embarrassed and shit #basketballwives”
Shoot the damn ball nasri!!!
If only everything in life was as reliable as $AAPL.
How do you get your community to say: "That was MY idea." ?
Dear Josh Hamilton, my sports love for you is off the charts right now. Keep murdering baseballs!
Heard great luncheon talk today- "Taking the Bible Seriously, But Not Literally"- given by Anne Robertson, Exec. Dir. Of Mass.Bible Society.
On my floor, there is a Hart, M Rogers, E Weaver, and C Jones. Also, not baseball, but an H Flint. On next floor, there's a D Gee
by the way, you got some air time tonight barely but i saw the MF on the back of that jacket.
Simple, and cool dead marathon set tonight, the woodlands is hopping, and I'm making grilled cheese for the bands!
I think it's an Orca Soundings book! Can't recall title!
The Milwaukee Deep
Today in Blues History: Little Willie John born Nov 15, 1937, in Cullendale, Arkansas
UNIX is user-friendly, it just chooses its friends. ~ Andreas Bogk
We hope everyone has a fabulous and safe #NYE. Cheers to #2012!
have an awesome birthday weekend
Good Morning!! :D
An instructivist approach to learning involves teaching strategies which include feedback, reinforcement, review & practice.
thank u boo!!!
#Ted #tedx talk today at #UF #gogators I love how #innovative this city is. Are you going to be there?
go 5 team
hey man would love to connect. What's ur email?
Hey a Bryan LaHair homer. No biggie. #10. #5 against the Cardinals.
They're saying that they have more than the PBS footage...
Ima get some door speakers and a in dash screen
Poem: TURNING THE KNOB Spring is opening the door. I notice her hands are without gloves. - E. Ethelbert Miller
That's no good. Should be working now.
Do you make a lot of sales calls and take treats to your clients?! Bring them Cake Fetish and ask us about our rep rewards program!
Haus in Martini Corner, said tv's will be tuned to international soccer. place to watch Germany?
$1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY: As we struggle to make sense of things, life looks on in repose
And speaking of local eternity, GP load times tonight are aaaaaaaack - attack of the new issue deadlines...I'm guessing.
oh yeah this is awkoo, sorry it was about <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Sometimes a day set aside for writing turns into a day set aside for…nothing. I'll regret it tomorrow, but was sorely needed today.
have you ever seen that place at night? they are the head of some Asian mafia. definitely.
Did you give mom a gift of sun protection? Never too late!
Reading Jefferson Bass' The Inquisitor's Key () today. Happy Monday!
ugh, now I'm gonna have to start dating again. ME NO LIKE!
Boo ya. RT : Elway said the team believes it can get the "same quality" pick at No. 36 as No. 25.
I bought new single 11:11 at 11:11, make sure you buy it too!!!!
Hm...I don't know! Are you interested in joining the competition?
Shoutouts to every girl who thinks their lip piercings is sexy.
THE BEST CORNED BEEF IN TOWN!!!!!!
I hope I will find love like Nonna & Grandpa Grande soon.. :]
Being misgendered is no fun :(
Just listened to speak on school choice. He is one of the most thoughtful, articulate people I've heard on the subject.
Our new "service Window" is being installed today in our new enclosed trailer...we should be back serving your favorite Dog this week...
Join us and for #SpeakUpforKids Tweetchat tomorrow at 7PM ET: Parenting in the digital age. Ask q's at
I lovee howw sarah keeps telling me happy birthday every second (:<3 on the phone, texting, (&&] twitter lovee you!
Penalty in front of posts for leicester
Y is signing a deal so serious?
I think my mom has anger issues sometimes.. thank goodness my dad is usually calm about it lol
Up Here Waiting !
The glorification comes from the journey, not the outcome. -Phil Jackson
Question of the day: What's the one holdback that keeps you from going solar on your home or biz. I have a gift for the first 5 replies.
hahha yess i have it in my bag
Good Morning and God Bless you on this another day that the Lord has made Let us rejoice in it..
Nøthing by The Script
Lots of excitement happening here at #ShineYourDivine as we get ready to announce the speakers for the #Denver #Enlightenment event!
or jungmann, he isn't playing fall ball like jed. Although his arm may not be in shape.
im comin at you all year don't go blockin me you better either take it or give it back and since I know you
It is never too early to have a senior moment.
I wanna go back to bed so bad! :(
fdshlagjdaslfjdslf how u get his number ??!!
It is warmer right now in WI than it is in Vegas
It will be available- will take care of you!
Omg the bacon here.... so so good!!
Hey girlie, did all go well? I will catch up with you soon. Been a little busy trying to make folks laugh
Looks like an interesting day for #SportsLaw at the DePaul SportsLaw Symposium. Good to see
yea ii can tell u need it
US Northerners find it funny with a side of schadenfreude, too.
Too excited after seeing emails from and about the new ballet flats.
Sorry, I checked my email and had some pics in.
aren't. my spelling sucks tonight
Can't wait to hear about it :-D <AB
hehe will hahaha just kidding I love you!
sure they did
Who was the author for the "purple book"? RT : Mental note: look into "Information Accountability"
How come lemon washing liquid contains real lemons, but lemon juice contains artificial flavorings.
(This is , by the way.)
that twitter isn't even real.
#MelissaMcCarthy , that was cute i'll admit.
The planetarium AND casa del pueblo in the same day?
I thought so too. ::sigh::
What is wrong wit these niggahs these days
They don't even watch the game. Chatting away!
Coming soon...... #Mangalitsa pork liver pâté. After that, #Mangalitsa heart and kidneys, head cheese.
Why is Tasha of BGC7 using the term FAGGETZIO in referring to Perez Hilton?
Working on a church website this morning. Stoked to give back to people who are doing great thing!
thanks Kara! You too! Let's connect soon!
of course!!!!! you make my day :)
#spriteslam Evans killed it
Just picked a good one.
Thank you for the #FF have a great weekend as well.
Knock it out of the park, Lass. *claps* I am so proud of you my Angel.
when you are about to give birth, pineapple is said to make it happen, that is probably why
I'll try to find the email.. It's been awhile..
PLEASE FOLLOWBACK. IM SO INSPIRED BY YOU MEETING JUSTIN BIEBER TO NEVERY SAY NEVER.(:FOLLOWBQCK!
Nurture great thoughts, for you will never go higher than your thoughts. - Benjamin Disraeli
On the plane about to leave for Berlin via Paris! :D
Phenomenal TRX class tonight with instructor Garret!
My ex-boss is a asshole, he didn't pay me commissions for the sales I did this month
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrives in Pakistan
If you open up yooouuuuur mind, and see what's inside.
#dreamchasers2 is already double platinum on DatPiff. That is ridiculous.
Done with physics forever! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
you're such a dumb bitch
I haven't heard yet: How did the driving of the licensing sort go?!?!
Shut up. It happened, and its going to happen again!
Still working on ' spring housekeeping calendar
It's great to help people who are eager to learn, patient and determined.
Thanks! Let me know whenever you plan on stopping in.
Watching tv and eating.. being a fatass :) lol
following(: I know its late, sorry...
San Diego: I AM IN YOU
i have another hilarious story to tell you and Heather tomorrow. Another pee your pants story! haha fun night. Love you <3
Latest phase of 's plan for world domination: silly asteroids-type game that renders competitors' newsrooms utterly unproductive
No more choir? yes yes yes<3
Enjoyed spinning at that Innovate Chicago party peace out!
Just came across the last name Hanrahan while entering data into #PatronageWatch for and laughed.
yes, cocktail attire!!
is still getting used to the fact that doesn't drink from a water dish on the floor like she does.
Hey... ...care to help me out tonight?? your feed is about to get flooded again.....#levilowrey =P
you shoulda came down big bro
The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are. I ain't changing for nobody. This is ME! Take it or leave it!
I know:( tell me about it! Now there's no other good shows out there! Most of the good shows just had a finale recently
what video is that fromm?!
apparently I JUST missed u ova on Franklin!
That was great!
I've been alright just working alot
I am currently seeking the perfect match for an attractive 30 yr old accomplished (attorney) male client. Please contact me! 505.872.8743
I'm in need of one serious massage. I'll return the favor :)
I agree partially but 250K for an office rehab? That is as much as my house, and I have a nice house.
any Educause friends - would like thoughts on "The Tower and The Cloud: Higher Ed in the Age of Cloud Computing" if you have a few minutes
My man should win the MVP
ooh. Oh. Me too.
I thought it was New England Revolution who dropped Sinovic?
let me know how that historic hygiene book is... Morbidly fascinating
cuz..i love u?
Vegas for New Years.. This is gunna be crazy!! Got the top off the jeep and a car full of friends with a 3 hour drive haha! We on our way
Need guestlist or bottle service at Surrender, XS or Tryst? Follow and DM Us for details.
If you're ever downtown and want a great place to go eat, go to Rizzo's right next to American Apparel! You won't be disappointed!!
911 call reveals desperation to save Junior Seau's life... On NBC 7 at 11
Happy #NationalShrimpDay! Anyway, like I was sayin... shrimp is the fruit of the sea. U can bbq it, boil it, broil it, bake it, saute it...
should be back in Amherst around 1015, I'd be down, but if you're busy we can def do it another time
Newsflash...for the 3rd time... I am no longer working in the real estate industry. Thanks to all the new followers though...
If Netflix had a heart, I would rip it out and cut it in half so it would know how I felt. Maybe that was a little dramatic.
Sweet, I didn't know the #pens were playing the #bruins tonight, but now you know what I'll be watching!
That being said, I think all the contestants are more than capable of rockin the house, put in a vote for all of em!
Stay tuned for the More Or Less DJ Tent lineup @ Hampdenfest 2011!!!
Q: What's the definition of perfect pitch?A: When an accordion is thrown down the toilet without it touching the sides.
This girl, right here.
I signed up I really hope I win!!
W00T! RT : after today's meeting, I know the May 23 twitter seminar will be great.
how can we contact you off twitter? Plz send mail to . Thanks!
HOLY SHIT #Revenge was a lot to handle, still crying over Sammy, and that kiss, and not Nolan!! OMG OMG OMG
working like a slave for the office relocation center in portchester besides that making music and having fun lol nice talkin to u
pretty sure it'll work either as #levilowrey or #LeviLowrey or even #LEVILOWREY =)
Boredom. Who's up
Did you get a ticket?
Hey thanks for following me! Hope you're well!
Thanks luv RT : #FF THEIR PRESENCE CAN'T BE REPLICATED
Talk about Luck o' the Irish! Over 2 feet of new snow this weekend! Thanks St. Patty!
I miss this old page
Your ruining my life
just read an interview where justin's like. GOODNIGHT BITCHES. o justin.
r u gonna put #SAYSOMETHIN on itunes???
hope my girls have fun at the Austrian Embassy this evening!! :)
polish, badass, silhouette.
#Web20Lsk How have you used google maps? Feedback on this will be interesting
Yes Taryn, I want to see you!
Me too!
#GreatestSongIntrosEver Neil Pearts sick drum solo on 'Limelight'
The ring and polish are lovely!
Eat within two hours of a workout in order to repair muscles, keep them strong, and prevent them from breaking down.
Hey.... I think I might be falling in like with you.
Thanks for the #FF. Have a great weekend!
"It's one of those days again, when music is your only friend"
Thanks and back to you!
Just received my feedback from my audition! I am taking the tips and using them for the next cycle!
I wish!
ok thanks - I mean, I'm ok with a hard copy, but I get kindle eds faster. :) Thanks for checking on it!
In just a few short days, I will have a year of #gradschool under the belt! Celebration!
Here comes those awkward few weeks when it's "too soon" to sing "I Wanna Dance With Somebody" at karaoke.
Exactly, which is one of the reasons anti-religious people perceive us as uppity and pious (because sadly, we are).
I've been to Easy tiger!!!
do you see my tweets? :)
did you shave your head?! O_o
About to head to California dreaming with my mom. Meeting my girl and her mom there! Early mothers day dinner 4 them 2!
#Berlin good morning!
Bitch please.....
85% The Hunger Games Thrilling and superbly acted, The Hunger Games captures the dramatic violence, raw emotion, and ambitious scope of i
u got it man lol
Follow me !
Redneck word of the day- "Sensuous"."Honey, sensuous up, can ya git me another beer?"
Feels like a little worm on a bug fuckin hook.(The Crow)
Watching the first fight wishing I can have a beer!!!!!!!!
What about the batteries in the cart?
Wild Thing
When people talk about branding themselves in a positive light, I wonder if they think about the history of the word. #I'mnotabrand
Check out our Facebook page! www.Facebook.com/ChristmasEverydayClothing
A poet is someone who stands outside in the rain hoping to be struck by lightning.
thanks for being here for us.
its 230. I hate u.
Id badges for your companies www.xpressid.net
Customers want to be satisfied with your product/service, but only they'll tell others if their expectations are exceeded
Always be sure to scan out by placing your Zipcard on the window. That will lock it up, too!
Damn fam I kno my bro hot right now
Didn't see ya there,
so proud of u baby :)
So fricking impatient.. Need to leave in 60 seconds and it's still on 99%..
If only would tweet out a picture of his
those parody trailers are amazing
That's great to hear! One of our founders is a designer :)
Hey GOP #obamacare saved my life!
just remember,we all have our haters. O is no different.
Going quick! FREE yr membership @ www.TheGymPro.com, workout 4 a yr 4 FREE. Promo code "fit" during the signup process. RT & sign up 4 FREE!
Too many self indulged weiners out there.. nobody to blame but yourself
I love you, I love you not. I love you, I love you not. I love you, eh nevermind...let's just be friends.
why, thank you!!
Who's going to THATCamp at the American Studies Association this year? I just registered :)
You made my day. I try to catch baseballs/raise money for charity but you're 1st to throw to me. You've gained a fan for life.
Get well cards have become so humorous that if you don't get sick you're missing half the fun
Im super jealous tht this "free" event isnt in Atlanta! You Atl is top notch now...ain't nothing free no more! Lol
went to the rink.last night.. I was hoping to see your lesbian ass -__-
Coolest. Museum. Ever.
thank you! Just sent email. Can't express in a tweet how innovative I think your device is..looking forward to playing with it
There's a bottle of Cook's in the fridge. I'm too timid to drink it but too tired to go to the liquor store.
Well I think it's interesting anyway
me too! :) RT : Can I go to Paris to learn more about web archiving? Pretty please?
no todavia no
If we give up this game somebody gettin traded this weekend
unless you have some Steelers RBs or WRs on your fantasy team, you'd be better off re-alphabetizing your 8 track collection.
did you order enough to share? Lol
RT Have a gr8 day! > Letus not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness".
Listening to dondria "where did we go wrong"
go read a book lol
I don't know about that - last night's 9th inning come-from-behind W against Texas might have provided a spark.
Finding a job is like dating - if you've gone on one, two, three "dates" you deserve an email breakup.
I love you so much! RT...? Neversay never
Shuttle spotted!
Thanks to everyone who came out to "Throo the Zoo" & Congratulations to Elizabeth S. from Louisville who won our 53" Teddy Bear.
“ My mom asked about my french test so i told her i failed it like a boss #yolo #mylife <U+E405>”
O..yea follow the power of #SAGITARUS!!!!! Nikka NOW O THAT BITCH!!!!
Happy easter
I'm on 3 hours of sleep and want to go to bed badly but cannot turn off this Wis/UNC game. Yea Badgers!
I wish I could curl my hair
Navy Yard, You don't always eat Ficelle but when you do you prefer Rolling Ficelle... stay hungry my friends!
Yes I do! Please do PM his contacts. That would be great.
Delayed honeymoon booked! .......does this mean I have to start working out again?
Any person can be nice to your face, but it takes a real friend to be nice behind your back.
“We try to guide our children down certain paths; they teach us to take new ones.”
about 2 hours south (give or take)
hey international Bang friends! Have you heard any concerts of the Europe tour? Send us your pics and we'll post 'em!
Today @ 3pm on the Legends of Rock: To Paraphrase the old commercial, "Throw it at Ozzy, He'll bite ANYTHING." Bite it with Ozzy today at 3.
Kim Jong Il dead? Good-bye you total asshole.
cake or death?!
I love you, but you're not worth my time.
Well, we shouldn't be surprised that the market manipulators are going to pull the DOW positive in a few minutes (if this keeps up, anyway).
have fun in NH!
rockin @ Six Flags Great Adventure today with Patrick Stump
good morning:-) your a very beautiful woman
Same here! #bloggersheart ;)
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! <3
Do you like dragons????? Cuz in a second ima be dragon my balls across your forhead!
Kill the dj
The 2012 Spring NEO Show is TOMORROW!! Make sure to stop by 10am-5pm @ Wagner's Country Inn in Westlake!
You asked, I answered. When did honesty become so shocking?
How 'bout that!!!
coffee, french bread, eggs and bacon. if all days off could start like this.
People call it 'jealousy' I call it 'fear of losing you.
Love spending the day with my family! :)
thank you <3
Frontier City tonight with
thanks for the follow. keep doing what makes you feel fulfilled.
Thanks, now I'm going to throw up the steak I had to google how to make.
Glad Russell Wilson got picked - great player - its not all about height - Gruden was about to knock out Mel Kiper & I would of loved it!
Spread the word one person at a time
LIKE HIGH SCHOOL MUSICAL
you have a lot of catching up to do! Shit got CRAY
figured. Other than his accidental slumlording he's a great guy. Love his progressive attitude.
same to you!
There's none like HIM!!! #praisetweet Save my soul made me whole there's none like Him
after mention on #brandchat I checked your site and realized 3 months I gave your "5 steps to be a sm monster"...
Get money
Listening to BBC Radio 2 and pricing garage sale goodies.
I feel just as good today as I did last night ;) Hope everyone had a great night!!!
All girls should marry a man like Tommy Lee Jones when they grow up.
Really liked "Hunger Games" movie but think they left Gale out to dry. He was so great in the book + just meh in the film.
Awful man walked by as we served this morn near Locks, he said "I cld be homeless but choose not to." Idiot. Wanted to sock'm!
Damn where I been? I aint know ya'll signed to Hit-Boy! Congrats!!! Ya'll witchya homeboy! <---
my wife just ordered me rx glasses and rx sunglasses for #christmas who knows when i'll get them but excited anyways
Word is out that Perry is behind the Cain story!!
Dear politicians espousing your Christian beliefs: Please give up PAC money for Lent. Love, me (and maybe )
Hi Jordi, thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets. Would you like to be added to the public alumni Twitter list?
what channel?
I had to miss the #SKC, $20 million, stadium opening game (STH) b/c my 2nd was born that morning
I scream at the TV during House Hunters when they are in Chicago as much as I do when I watch sports. WHERE DO THEY FIND THESE DUMBDUMBS?
Good afternoon peeps, how everybody doing?
#yinzergorgeous in the tweet game...get at us for those shirts!
Thanks to everyone that made both of our launch parties amazing! We couldn't have done this with out you!!!<3
and of course gHOST project with Aimee and others 3/24. :))))
I really need. Gonna fall asleep driving:/
You're not a real man so it doesn't count ugh You're useless!
Beats for years.
i hate not being around you... :\
just got your message now, i wouldve with more notice and i wouldve been able to DM you had you been following me
haha seriously :/ good time to read a book?!
Only if Romney wins the primary. Santorum and Gingrich have no chance
I do not understand you do not understand!!
Clough: We would be honored to undertake the challenge of the
"remember when I had an obsession with pacifiers and people thought I was on drugs?" -me to my roomie just now
Listening to George Winston - Night Part I: Snow
OH MY GOD! SHE'S THE MAN IS ON!
I guess this is just part of the game
Unless your
what's that? other than what i've been doing all day... lol
Bears defense giving me 37 points for my fantasy team. Ha and people laugh and ask why I always choose them!
just because it comes in your size doesn't mean you should wear it. you look nasty.
Some people need to learn that not all Hispanics are Mexican.
Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys Dies at 47...
Just finished a 15 min mile and a half. Fccuuuk idk how I'm suppose to run a 5k n 3 days
He looks better as #34 in green and yellow - you looked good in those colors too! Miss u guys :( #206 RT : Big shot Ray Allen
We should trend #ISF because its such an amazing foundation and has done so much for animals and this world all bcuz of <3
Somewhere, somehow, Billy Cundiff can smile.
Shania might come over tomorrow. we're gonna work on some new songs. YAY!!!! maybe one day we will be able to record in a studio.
On my way to work at Edison Middle School in the Heart of Lil Haiti. HEAVY HEART+NO SLEEP, BUT ITS ALL ABOUT MY STUDENTS.
this weather outside is a joke..
The audio takes a while to process and post. We will announce it on Twitter and Facebook when the podcasts are available.
TY Angela that ensemble has turned out to be one of my better experiences.. Dennis Saloky is a really cool director (&candid)
Funny how fast those big super pacs move.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet gotta be , that would be awesome!!
nice.... You should post it on YouTube....
Yeah I saw from the last play to that. I totally tuned out of that game.
who ever Fucks Sarah Palin got to be hard up cause her Hubbie Ted is a Fag
Happy Saturday!
North Dakota is definitely in the top 50 when it comes to my favorite U.S. states.
if you've never visited india, this would be the time to make the trip ;)
He's gettin beat like he stole somethin
I wanna be a chef :))
Why do I have a feeling Mrs. Lauper's scenes are on the editing floor! Can't wait to see the last show... Sad. Love BONES!!
Embarrassing what just happened at the end of Cincy-Xavier game... We need to clean our sport up! In the news for too many negative things..
hey hunn i miss yuh:) have a happy new year:) love you lots:)
#InCaseYouDidntKnow imma Go gold and go platinum without selling my soul
today is national stalking awareness day haha
Wizard of Oz: "A heart is not judged by how much you love; but by how much you are loved by others."
HEY HEY GO !!! rock it tonight!
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer4
Sleeping in a room WITH windows alone must be pure joy.
RT #TheGoodWife_CBS cliffhanger was mild ay best. Not what I expected.
It's time for the Great #Minivan Debate. Do you love 'em or have you sworn you would never drive one?
RT : who wants to hang out with me and the fun live girls ..
It is now my life's goal to see Camel Spiders
thanks for the free EP. sounds great.
Nice! We'll see you next time!
Thx for the follows: Looking forward to your posts. Cheers!
Cause Im like that
that was weak. You guys are scared of the old man.
i love #solisten almost as much as i love you
no, that's a packer season tix holder talking who will be at game. Team and fans very tired of national ny lean.
I think when students at #FAMU and #FSU realize how much money they'll save with a #TallyCardz, it's going to be MORE in demand
and where are you watching the game tomorrow?! I'm seriously freaking out already.
You have an amazing voice. You inspire me!!!
that would be reckless talk haha
Excellent choice. :-)
It sounds like there are some things they never sent out? Hit me with a DM because it looks like I have to fix things haha
"You can't hate someone whose story you know." - Margaret J. Wheatley
Thumbs up! :)
i have a lot of friends moving up n the industry and it makes me so happy. i jus cant wait to c where we all end up =) Keep God first
Me and my boys were sauced down last night hannn
I watched Good Morning America for 15 min at the Dr office this am. I am amazed at how much dumber I feel now
One week until our Huge announcement!
give her to me!
being sun burnt makes me feel like dying in a hole ... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
Can you teach me? Better yet--do your magic--connect me ;) !!
“: Fake tan. Fake boobs. Fake nails. Fake hair. Tell us again how you want a real man. I'm so very interested.”
hey thx for the tip.
lol...I can also try to keep u updated on the crowd...we are open now...and nothing
Clearly more woman “: I'm always so paranoid I'm not going to wake up on exam day... Here's to hoping I do!”
- I would love to see Elle and Blaire go hunting with Dick Cheney.
If artists earned a royalty on songs that got stuck in my head, Kings X would be the richest band in the world. ;)
"I am always angry" :)
yeah...that looks fun baby...don't think I've done this
Breast cancer walk was super fun (:
Looking forward to seeing you at Long Beach. Hope you are well!
You too, Wendy.
KYLE YOU REMEMBERED WUUUUT AND AMAZING
Besides yourself...who is still around from the shootist...I can't believe its been 35 years.
Just had to take a break from answering emails to go outside and trim the feathers on one of the gander's wings. As one does...
Durham nc tonight !!! Last night was a blast thanks again Charlotte !
Just for the record, I'm on the verge of abandoning the Paige Terner account and starting fresh. Nothing dramatic. No Twittercide. Just new.
#FighttheFuture wow this fringe is awesome. They have to give us a season 5 or il wipe their brains
And here come the secret service jokes!
and all that for free
happy as a clam today!
Kissing is the best way for me to display my affection.
u crazzy anyway u goin to school on monday =p
yo Brit don't be talking to boyd like that lol jk
wtf does it even mean ??
'Godfather of Go-Go' Chuck Brown died of multi-organ failure from sepsis, his manager confirms to #CNN. He was 75 years old.
wow that is heaven !!! Where are you? Mexico
hm... Want me to go to Krogers and get you some???
you are most welcome! Let me know if you need anything else! Would love to help your friends too! Post a shout out on ur page!
I don't just want you to love me. I want to be your obsession.
RT : You don't get paid by the hour. You get paid for the value you bring to an hour. Jim Rohn RT
try not to cry every loss the girls you play against are slow and weak. Jus alittle athleticism will do.
yep! Unreal. Time could have been for Whitney.
I've been inside all day, but can only assume it's gross outside bc my hair and skin feel disgusting.
Santorum suspending campaign //
#Madison has picked up .44" rain so far today... what about where you live? Find out on #NBC15 News at 10.
Sometimes the hardest advice to take is your own
You know you live in small city when local newspaper has HS football above fold and troops out of Iraq by EOY below fold.
Holla! My favorite insider is in the #TweetHouse! welcome and #follow here! Holler back at me when you get the chance.
I missed @ the Bowl but all my customers were raving about said they were so amazing & fun
I am an authority on myself more than anyone else.
Really? Why would you come out in public wearing that? Some women will do ANYTHING for attention!
Gentlemen, when did we agree it would be okay to wear tennis shoes and sneaks with suits?
Daydreaming about napping. How does something so wrong feel so right?
Don't miss the semi-finals of 4 ladies competing in the Twisted Knickers Burlesque for $10 at 8:30pm!
- You? Create jobs? LOL!!! Mass was fourth-worst in the nation under your watch. Obama is the one with positive gains.
Sounds good! The last #smbmad was my 1st one. I really enjoyed it.
I need a foodtruck. Stat!
Congratulations on this exciting achievement! You do beautiful work!
hear it yesterday - love it!!!
It is the NONVERBAL COMMUNICATION that works in my mind on APPAREL. I really did feel much more at ease seeing the PRESIDENT in a suit.
yea least until someone wakes up :)
Why the hell do people say null on their pictures?
Congrats to for crossing the 4,000-follower threshold today.
Playing iTunes roulette. Never know what genre I'll get with "Shuffle all."
bbq then later we'r going to the movies :)
Nice list on CE-TV from Linda Braun in American Libraries, including Khan Academy & Yalsa Academy - I'd add TED, too!
and with his kid! Lol
“: Hey #p2 times economy saw most growth were under Coolidge, Bush & Reagan. That's a fact you cannot dispute.” R U sure?
: Nah. Just shoveled my sidewalk and steps in line w/ city ordinances. Ultimate frisbee going on across the street; I'm doing HW.
devil wears prada are awesome! They are a big influence on my band
Thanks for the RT!
This #Cleveland weather isn't bad this winter!! Isn't going to stop me from going to
Flipping an apartment in 2 hours....we've got
unfortunately it's not on our schedule yet, but we'll keep you updated!
& Happy Birthday!!
Chilling at joloff brunch..great show..
Couldn't have said it better ourselves!
Ok tweeter followers. I have created a public person facebook page. Please check it out and click like. Thanks.
I resemble that remark!
#420 - to those celebrating 420 today, I enjoy 540. It means you have until 5:40 to get the f$+& out of my face.
I have my first wedding planner job.
You seem more a Tuba man.
more like an ocean breeze with a sewaged sneeze. ; p
Follow promise you he's gonna wake y'all up!
On my 5th show on my DVR! Loving the different wigs!
makin brownies
I hear a baby. In this office. Somewhere. I will find it.
Double Cry Hopped Cali Belgique is up and flowing.
Who you got for the #Ravens in 2nd rd? My picks are (35): Upshaw, (60): Brandon Brooks (Miami Ohio). Standing by my original mock picks.
In flagrante delicto - In the very act of committing an offence
Kay don't text me back.
That was awesome. I love March.
I need to learn not to get nervous under pressure, almost lost the chance of winning a prize at the softball game <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> still won it though<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Got good vid from show. Any fans of The Eagles out there?
is a great candidate for your next "Top 5." 's lounge & Via Spa (w/ Sauna!) are top notch.
RT Happy Mothers Day (late but still) to all you real moms taking care of your babies!! >Better late than never
thx for the follow. Your products got me through twin feeding like a champ!
OMG ADAM & TONY SINGING YESTERDAY.<333!!
Check out BranchOut, my professional profile on Facebook!
i want one :*
sendin prayers ur way please keep me updated
I kno I'm late but you all had a great season! Your games were fun to watch too! Keep grindin'!!
RT : Find and post local events on www.ServiceBox.com! Neighborhood-based people, businesses, news, groups, events and more!
its a Brand New type of day
good question. parking before about 2 is probably doable. light rail and buses are always good. where you coming from?
Happy Birthday to my buddy we will have to #Jam soon!
Just handled Zay Mula on that Madden 12 Ray Ray and the Ravens 17 philly 0 Def win championships
Yesterday was pretty much the best day ever cuz I met and What's in store for today, #AWP12?
$15, 4 hours and 6 loads of laundry later.....
and I'm not one to be a hypocrite . Always feel free to tweet me,
do u know of a libra tweeter I can also follow?!
broskies. I jus put bacon cheese-burger as an answer for hangman i guess im really hungry
Love can only be done right, when we keep Jesus always in Sight.
well then... I will root for OKC if they play the Heat tho.. Lol.
RT : Be sure to keep the conversation about #DCFashion going and follow !
100 miles into my roadtrip w Boys are melting down while we enjoy the view of Pennsyltucky.
Featured Success Couple: Sam and Katy
don't forget peanut M&Ms.
Congrats! Have fun tomorrow!
Colombia la bella.
Sometimes I think humans and printers were never meant to coexist.
Ice cream truck showed up at the dog park, playing "Silent Night", "O, Christmas Tree", & "Joy to the World".
Happy birthday, Packy! You're the tops.
#CV Council meeting tonight: report from Port Commissioner Ann Moore on Bayfront issues, and what to do wtih the CVRC? End it? Or? Mtg @ 4
And do it for four+ decades.
I didn't know they could til I saw it myself ...
You all every do anything with orchestra? I would love to collaborate in the next year or so!
Ok I Wont i just hate like 5 ICONIacs and okay <3! it wont happened again! and what do u mean it started a lot of stuff?
thank you!!! Glad you like it! Much more coming soon!
Forgive many things in others; nothing in yourself
Nothin like waking up next to and him bein like...wait... When did u get here?
I can't believe there's not going to be hell to pay later in exchange for this early spring!
O nigga I recorded that .. imma pop that on
Stan Van Gundy only because Bobby Pertino is a liar, Gregg Williams is a disgrace and not that good of a coordinator.
yep! I'm riding in the parade for sure! My team is still nameless! :(
do you remember a cassandra garrison from famu? Graduated in 1990? From chicago?
Per super, DeSoto guarantees a job to HS grads willing to pursue math,science teaching jobs. No journalism?? So very unfair.
Everyone follow Great cause in wake county!
sounds good! Stay in touch regardless! Don't be a stranger!
Agree with Nothing has really changed. Will be interesting if Facebook tinkers with the product.
Either of you get photographic evidence? I can only imagine LoL.
you have to make a plan for this?
so yu want me to call yu when yu bored
modem had pretty significant uptime. rebooted remotely in order to allow for re-sync with us/download of new info.
#pacers 1 for 14 in the field common guys
- the next wave of ecommerce enabling intelligent and crowdsourced search
Just got poured on during my run but jeeeezee summer rains are beautiful and my favorite :)
#waystogetunfollowed don't tweet.
soo , I realized I deactivated my fb & I had NOTHING else to turn to lmao
let us know if u would like 2 stop in OKC to grant a wish. I'm trying to email but busy getting ready for grad party tonight!
I rarely ever use my Twitter account anymore, it's sad. I do the whole Facebook thing but that's mainly to keep up with family.
oh haha. So how hot is it in farenhite at 30 celcius?
Dubstep tonight! Who's in?
Tulisa sings so bad live
I hate when I can't even breathe
Just met Jason Momoa! Awesome! Stoked for season 2 of Game of Thrones tonight :)
At&t sucks in Valencia county
RT : Smart collaborations. What America Can Learn From Detroit.
Today is Romies last day with us. He is taking on a new adventure. We wish him the best and he will be missed!!!
Kind of miss watching the Thunder live. Hope to get down to OKC for Heat/Thunder in a few weeks.
m, i love pantones!
Who else Voted? @ Youth4RonPaul if you're in South Carolina and Have voted for Ron Paul!
Snowy day in Chicago! Be safe, and still make exercise a priority!
Be an example. As Latter-day Saints we cannot give anyone any excuse but to live good lives centered around the gospel.
Bravo! Good work.
Thanks for the photos, Lance! Hope you're having a blast over there!
Today I am invited to see life from the viewpoint of one of my distributed IT colleagues. Part of the two way street we travel together.
anytime buddy!
where are the hot guys?
Going to bed goodnight, got majorette tryouts tmo
in your song 11:11 It says make a wish.. my wish is for my idol to follow me (You) and RT :)
At da wild place, getting rite before wrk...
Some lucky lady is gonna get 24" tonight.
Ive never had such a happy easter!!!
It was hailing like crazy in #SanDiego I love the weather. Make me want to go boarding. #bigbear or better yet #mammoth or better yet
thank you babe
Just keep it real and see what #opportunities come you way!
I really want to see
...promise if i have a child imma guide em rite....dear lord dont let me die 2nite
143 days until I see in concert :))) #excited :)
All day, all night
oh, no problem.
I liked the idea behind this one because others dispense too much food. For that money, it should work without kinks.
“: making some mariachi-trap music right now :o :o :o” I want to hear :3
We're with you! Thanks for the tweet!
Such an amazing time at the scarlet and grey cafe. Recording of the show came out amazingly well... tunes will be posted asap!
I think TV portrays women in horrible light. I think of this everytime I watch breaking bad. mad men goes without saying.
“Endurance? You’ve only got to get out there and do it. Face up to it: man was meant to run.” – Percy Cerutty
Happy Easter!!!
Thankful for a day off work, but having trouble getting motivated to work ahead in this missiology course.
SXSW trend monitors: is doing a great job of choosing, #curating and sensing what's buzzing. Of course always on
really this is y we can't be
nice to know , what I called your name ?
What are the safest countries, cities, & towns to live in? Which of them have the least amount of crimes? The end of money will end crimes.
lucrative design features... car phones and shit...
FOLLOW and we'll Follow back
#replacesongtitleswithboobs ; scary kids scaring boobs
goin to my family's house for the crawfish boil. Hbu?
Career analogy: You're a tree. Are you in a healthy mixed forest? Getting the sun & water you need to grow? If not - time for transplanting.
Doing demos and meeting with the hip and trendy at Enterprise Connect Orlando
fell off the planet for a while. whoopsie daisy. don't worry i found my way back. you can stop worrying now.
Check out Pirate Stereo at tonight for DOWNright Fridays! Come party with us at the newest electrohouse party on the beach!
but really I am lookin for a different style of deats. Suthin crazy
"I work at burger king....so come stop by sometime...lets get spicy." Just say this posted. Is that how he attracts women? hahaha
We're playing an ALL AGES show on May 15th to celebrate Minnesota AIDS Walk 2011. Be there!
Think I burned enough calories to enjoy a few pints of your LF Bridge Burner Clone brew?
ice cream sundae bar??? Where is my desk in this office???
cheer up buttercup, you're a catch.
Amare averaged 17/9 this year with a PER of 17.51. Not great, but I feel his demise has been a bit overstated.
He needs a little P90X!
No but scheduling an "off the chain party" in your honor soon...
Youtubing: Can using video to supplement theory in literature
or when something bad -could-happen..
OMG, I am in the Acela NOT quiet car, unhappily sitting across a table from LoudTalk McNasalVoiceGuy! SHUT UP!
I Am What I Am
Awesome! RT our Chi Alpha college ministry here on Oahu is about to launch SUN STAND STILL series tonight! We need audacious faith
Awesome! RT : Can't lie. I'm feeling like a rock star today. =)
Performance is your reality. Forget everything else. -Harold S. Geneen
my bad Sis!
The thing is, I did put in an effort. A year and a half ago. I tried. You just never followed up and I was sick of waiting.
Hey Warrior still in Detroit, I hope your enjoying this nice day!!!!
- that's the only way to go with coffee...
Where we belong..
layin on the couch, bein' lazy.
no :p
Thanks for the RT.
Retail for the south beach elite 9 is gonna be 250$ . Wow
"THE LAST LEGEND" coming soon
idid not like high school
Caffeining up for what promises to be a wild night. Seem to be doing this a lot lately.
Sitting in my car listening to #MyWorld!
Every weekend RT : Royal Liquor on SW Blvd blasting the Fish Fry tonight.
Will be the movie about the three first books? (sorry 4 my bad english) I can´t wait for it ;)
just MADE myself lunch!!! WOW WHAT A FRIDAY and FOLLOW the best friend and business partner of ALL TIME.
Thanx to all who came out this week and to for hosting 12 new home grown works!
When I was a teenager, I was swimming in the middle of the ocean off of a boat and suddenly realized how deep it was. O_O
Last 2 hours, Obama rumored to endorse marriage equality and no Sharia Law prohibitions passed. Stock market WAY UP. Coincidence?
"What makes us human?"
We love all you crazy mo fo's out there!
i wanna see your peacock
RT : Big hit today is pope vs, babies. Super excited about this!
You go Tweet-smack
Anyone already making their Comic Con plans?
I'm going to check out now!
Please be a quick healer
whatever . If im not important enough for you to answer my texts...this is not gunna work.
This is a test. Nothing to see here. Please go on about your drinking.
Happy new year. Ha. Not happy no red zone. Did cox not pay their bill to the nfl?
Congrats! Vancouver is supposed to be beautiful.
Thank you to all of our Extras at today's commercial shoot! We can't thank you all enough! Hope you had fun, we sure did!
I THINK i may actually DROP DEAD if i don't get to see the chili peppers in October :(((
every little bit helps!!!
"Don't find fault. Find a remedy." Henry Ford
Australian Open Semi Finals have two great match ups with the Fed/Rafa and Murray/Djokovic. I know who I'm rooting for (Nadal/Djoko).
Lupe! Where you been at brochacha :) “ We need a work out session asap bro!”
Happy New Year Aplin Family World Wide,Sao Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, Brasilia, Montevideo, Fernando de Noronha
#WANT TO LEARN MORE ABOUT VEGAN
thats no fun...
Likin' me some Twofer Tuesday, you? JK
fuck the haters dude, congrats on the baby! stoked for the tour in november! <3
put u on ease thinkin bout me
Morning guys *waves frantically*
Wow! Sorry I missed Tech Talk today...great discussions!
Cool stuff!
Here it comes our first storm at the trailer.
A little girl walked up to me and stared at me for a while then started licking her ice cream cone..
Holy Shit My Teeth Hurt Hella Bad
That doesn't sound so bad. Get both genre and general fiction readers!
lol! That is the exact same website my dad pulled up. :)
I know I'm not at #SXSW anymore because it's 7:27pm and my phones battery is at 63% cc:
How could a speech be made [more] useful, in the current circumstances?
Aww that rhymed but yeah hopefully one day <3
I also do pretty good videos so that might work for u
. Wine Women and Shoes event was huge success & will help meet goal of recruiting 360 CASAs to advocate 4 SD foster youth!
#4DAYS and counting. #BOYFRIEND WORLDWIDE
Back to twitter? Guess so....Gym soon
M, apple
Still waiting to see on my tv screen...
Happy Thanksgiving
You're just asking to have your whole face ripped off with that gift. That's all monkeys do. Rip off faces.
good good ! you ?
Yes! Crazy!
Almost time :-)
Target introduces mobile gift cards
dont let go of her man
...watching Carney on #CNN now talking about provision in American Jobs Act for getting women back to work, good move Barry, good move...
Goals for 2012, starting today instead of couple of weeks
24 hours until the Fabulous European Wine Tent Tasting San Francisco 2pm Sunday
the niggas that hate cause they aint doing shit with there life <<
followed sorry it took so long to follow back been caught up wit exams and softball!! :) -anna
nope! it's a nice weight.
Save the date 2010 Crowned Prince & Princess Charm Pageant April 17-18 www.distinct-impressions.net
only on TV. We only have the lake in Chicago.
Its wonderful to c some of the best of the best back on #DOOL. U were very much missed.
is it dangerous and cloyingly optimistic to assume that was maybe the low point?
“The discovery of a good wine is increasingly better for mankind than the discovery of a new star.” — Leonardo da Vinci
Day 1 of farming here I come. It is going to be nice to make some extra money.
Thank you! We love the animals and are glad you do too! The turtle is mindful and steady, and full of strength!
tell me about it...
Agency ecosystem: Softservers—software companies that integrate marketing services—are quickly evolving / emerging
If you hurt an Aquarius, they will remember it throughout the rest of their life and perhaps there’s no guarantee you’ll be forgiven
Martin is pretty damn funny
Sometimes your biggest battle is to believe in yourself
gr8 day 4 in Senate ed. Bills on campus smoking en4cmnt, preventing LGBT bullying, and improving c student success approved!
plz follow me!! That would make 1 of my dreams comd true :-)
Finishing up reading "Fat Girl" (& thank god for that b/c it's a brutal story.)
Hey, maybe one time we could make a sitcom where the husband is out of the wife's league and the wife says stupid shit all the time.
someone had a good weekend lol
RT : oh and i've totally become obsessed with microsoft onenote :) :) :)
#Rangers Win!!! One more win to get to the World Series!
That looks just like how a horror movie would start.
Overcompensation is the sincerest form of FLATtery.
: lol! yes! hope you are having a better more productive tuesday than i!
is running bout 2 miles from her house to my house :)
I doubt R. Buckminster Fuller would approve of the people in that dome
I think my twitter got hacked fml
I'm not a sensitive type but you fail to realize many would love a child who functioned as well as Rain Man!
I know. I have a feeling that joint damage makes that impossible for me, but I'll settle for energy to paint when I have time.
So ready for Football season, even though i am enjoying this Orioles Magic
Fuck me, I'm a celebrity, Can't take your eyes off me. I know you wanna fuck me just to get somewhere.
Just A TN Girl With Major Awesomeness :)
linked in is great for professional connections. Helps to see what businesses people are a part of and interested in!
LOL-->It's a beautiful day when someone buys ur insane, humongous package!
Please don't forget cave Stand your ground for the people!
God is Good Greg jennings last year after the super bowl was giving God all the Glory!! Packers 4 Christ!!
can I take you on a journey called love?/
YES. I've got my ticket for their DC show.
I've held my tongue long enough. When is going to call out on their "Bob's one-for-one" shoes?
Thanks :D
me too.
calm under pressure. That's funny. Not nice to lie
Reading about the "for Benefit" enterprise in , an emerging 4th biz sector that will make bridging For & Non profits spectacular
This ice cream feels like heaven right now <U+263A>
I have been told my laugh is pretty distinctive lol, I personally think its just loud, but maybe that's what distinctive is...
two years ago.
we can help with your iPad typing skills. Who knows maybe the TapTyping training will even translate to traditional keyboards too.
lol no. Girls have better singing voices. In my opinion at least. Lol. I suck doe ;-;
Verizon gets iPhone in 3 days
haha ofcourse! :P ha after i go on a year long shopping spree ! :D
too bad! We should have a tweet-meet soon!
I can't wait to lift with tonight!
5 days of tabling shows/conferences has left my wings drooping. uggh.
This is what i mean when i feel like i cant go to no one
Can't Sleep ^.^
nvm dude, just watched the video..is renonites your new shit with MEL?
maybe 1000 people in this opening talk?
hahahaha that's awesome!
Glad there are so many people in Edmonds who care about their heart health.
good morning baby. I'm feeling ok. Thx for asking. How u feeling today baby?
scotty!! you are amazing!! =)
Probably pirated.
- I knew San Diego is known for its brewers, but had no idea there were 40!
what else am i supposed to say? i hope i get shot?
Knock knock knocking on the senates door
Kevin and Kyle on the fancy beer, Deb and Dave on the coors light?!
I have a 1pc I always find suits in sears that actually fit me, but i am self conscience & nvr wear
This race is bigger than San Diego now, it's about what type of future we want and who we want to lead us there.
Go look at my party flyer of Facebook.
uhmmm Good morning!!!.
Mar 18th Jamaican Gold host Queens Nite w/J-Ross Parrelli (LIVE from NY) inside LA-VIDA (1448 Gower St.Hollywood Ca 90028) Rsvp 919 JAM-GOLD
Tutor tomorrow
Good luck today!
#20ThingsAboutMe I love to spend time with friends
I hope you still pray for them.
That's my motto as well!
Like a damn Cronenberg movie.
don't worry about it!! She knows u! That's what matters ... it will be fine!
thanks. this is part of the reason you're MY favorite. *HUG*
Congrats Hayley Emerick, awarded the prestigious NCAA Postgrad Scholarship, & graduating Saturday! (Also, four time SCAC diver of the year)
Thanks a lot bro. People listened to you. Haha.
do you guys deliver?
Dress for Success. Attend a presentation with professional tailor and Brooks Brothers associate Louise Perkins, 6pm in Kogod Student Lounge
muzzled is the most appropriate way to describe it :p
Congrats to our two freshman on getting bids to , that makes 5 of the 6 starting golfers as members!
I love the BIG Box of crayons, preferably with MORE than 64 colors. ; )
Rally crowd joining hands around Capitol to Beatles' "Revolution."
Holy shizz my birthday is almost here!!:D
The frist thing maciek says when he gets to the school bus is my di$k is a tank....even thoe he doesnt hav one...hehhehe...
Baby you, you got what I need..
Heard through the grapevine that my stepson might be in the building 2day...
Everyone should eat the fried manchego - Basically made of wow.
great thinking!
Bag of Nestle semisweet chocolate chips:"Tear here to make sweet memories." Hows wearin snuggie & tampon watchin Pawn Stars smellin dog fart
and a good morning to you both. I hope the sun is shining where you are!
i couldn't disagree more! I can see something a long alanis morissette mixed w thos frecreditreport.com guys
Woke up to good #nats news!
yeah....I'd rather see an oh face!!!
gotta develop the ability to understand a statement from the context...;)
12lbs in a month is a lot! congrats! I'm inspired and proud of you too :) And no diet food. I dont buy it either.
Michael Carroll wants copyright to do its job in society, which isn't happening now.
Join us next time!
Not to second guess the devil but wouldn't an even better trick have been convincing the world God didn't exist?
thanks for the plug!
"Happiness is only a byproduct of successful living." -- Austen Riggs, psychiatrist
So proud of for getting his diploma today.
Now bring on the aches and pains. No these are NOT tears of joy, though maybe watchign the Olympics later I can have some of those too.
To be a teacher in the right sense is to be a learner. ~Soren Kierkegaard
Frankly my dear, I dont give a damn.
Having trouble finding our Notebooks at your local Borders? Email and she will help you find some!
There really should be a hugging booth.
James Marcelin was waived by the #timbers for non-soccer issue, while the club signed D Stephen Smith for 2012 season. Most interesting.
Shooting a crazy spec today with
Really? When do you get in? So exciting.
I don't agree that anything post-CFB should be included. But if NFL success is viewed as a plus, then so should Thomas' career
. The chicken nachos at the new Busch Stadium are delicious too.
Not too bad! I think I must make my own.
I don't only listen to rap, hip hop & slow jams
weird. I usually max out my connection on steam downloads.
Thank you for following us! We look forward to connecting with you. You can also find us on Facebook at www.medicalteams.org/facebook
lake houston home and garden show in 7 weeks. Will you join us and let us help the community know more about you?
Pregnant Because Of Jerry. yolo
I like him the best, too - only drawback is his prodigious output. Too many books!
bahahaha you are talking about the 7th grader aren't you!
I have always loved music..we should not ordain young men as preachers, unless they have been well exercised in music. - Martin Luther
There is an obedience part 2 listening and I think we are often unwilling to do that
No one supports new artists like ! Follow her for updates on artists, including mine in Kelly's Quarterback Corner!
Never have a companion that casts you in the shade
thanks!! so glad you like it.
I think I just heard "The Motto" for the first time?…Does he realize he's Canadian??
-zips lips- lmao ;-D
29. NIGHT OF THE GHOULS - Another gem from Edward D. Wood, Jr.
I was throwing a tiny fit about this last night. Axl is an utter jack ass.
i thought it was Thursday tomorrow.. son of a bitch...
#lickmadick favorite song? i never have a favorite song lol. IB: Jason
I learned ASL for you
Was there ever a doubt?
Me too. That is funny.
I love seeing the winners cry *sniff*
New Rosé on the menu! Come try!! Its a perfect time!!
Business Outcomes are king. more content is not always better. :)
RT : "Action may not always bring happiness...but there is no happiness without action." ~ Benjamin Disraeli
Is there a Sarah McLachlan foundation for people who are being abused by their dogs? Because my dogs treat me like crap day in and day out.
Why can't the Buckeyes play only on weekdays? They're unstoppable when playing in rhythm of a traditional work week.
Spot trending now in Pasadena, CA: Yard House - Pub (live updates)
Even if the sky is falling down?
Happy birthday nicole!
There's a reason why women in the 1800s have no smiles on their faces.
The International Arts Festival kicks off tonight with a free concert by Grammy award winner Calle 13 at 9pm at La Sabana! See you there!
Going to play my ps3 fun fun fun
Campbell retires three Cajun batters in order. USA up to bat with a 3-1 lead at the bottom of the sixth.
There ain't nobody at show me's
Some peoples tweets make no fuckin sense
you already know I'm
This is so bad. I like him. he's flirting with me, but he has a gf... D; grrr my love life stinks
#LiveRunway can't wait for the show!!
congrats to you and and your fiance as well. My advice is to stay away from shark tanks and cows.
I have had feelings for a few guys here but the feeling wasn't mutual. But u r right borders r just man made lines.
Facebook is like a relationship, once you think you have it all figured out, everything changes.
2 Timothy 2:16 gives great insight to the devils plan 1) To trap u 2) To use u as a pawn to do his will. Refuse to let him use u today!
Btw, , if you haven't met yet, you should. She knows her way around a letterpress. The WSJ says so :-)
I am about 2 off from here and be only on facebook
GLAD YOU LIKE THAT LAST BEAT.IF YOU WANNA LOOP IT DO YOUR THING AND LET US HEAR IT WHEN FINISHED!
FOLLOW MJR RSS FEEDS THEY HAVE NEWS,SPORTS, and USEFULL INFORMATION FOR YOUNG PEOPLE
Hi, I have to travel to Indy in a few wks on bus. & can't recall from your MMQB articles if you commented on a hotel there?
It's because It relates to you, that I think about it, and it's because it's you that I find it hard
You win some. You lose some.
RT : Congratulations to the 2012 Bioethics Graduates!
Parliamentary vote in Armenia sees increasing turnout
thank you so much! And for the great reco with jewelry!
We have been closed for business today (Friday) and return on Monday. Hope everyone has a great weekend!
Marketing_Nat says Google algorithm was devised in academia; to figure it out think like you are filing doctoral theses.
There's always that one weirdo in every class
I wish my computer could join me in the shower...such a good pandora station right now!
LA! LA! Check out the Dragonfly Nightclub TONIGHT 8pm gonna bring the house down!!!! Don't miss it!!
no prob.. Hate to lose them.. Those little buggers were kinda expensive :)
Original block prints on pillows, napkins, as well as many new matted works coming soon!
Check out my report, "Sex for Sale" in about 10 minutes on
headtress even better
I hope you're gettin pumped for AVENUE Q HIGH SCHOOL STYLE
": well I know someone's morning going good!! :) lol" it is God woke me!
aw this makes me sad :(
I may need to fight you for Betty's affections! ;)
I miss you!
my incoming boss is a settlers of catan nerd
yes! #flixel is amazing.
#YouKnowItsOn when she gets on top.
we are a tie game away from Gomez at SS.
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck it. c;
Baby we all have skeletons in our closet. It's what we do with today that will matter tomorrow.
#First20SongsOnShuffle #10 Plock by Kelevra and great song. Bitches shake their ass to this... Excuse my French.
DVDs? I didn't know! I must get some! However, , you really must consider bringing your CoreFusion to Princeton!
excited to have all the pros in town for the , can't wait to see all the great products out there!
I think it was a woman. I saw boobs. Those pet zombies are quite disturbing.
#1: "it's beautiful outside! we can go on a mansion tour, we can--" #2: "i'm from the UK. i've seen nice houses before."
1 More follower and I get 50 followers!
RT : Reports Joss Whedon cud direct a Hulk movie. Green guy's soft spoken alter ego fits Kenosha native Mark Ruffalo like...
try it with bananas, yo! Good stuff there! LOL
I want new bright cleats :D
Kids Club today at 10:30am reading and a preview of Circus Vargas - 2012 off to a great start!
I have been gone touring for the past month and I'm finally home! What an amazing time! It's good to be home though :)
Why are children obese?Probably because Burgers are .99 & Salads are 7.99
Got another one.....
Or someone come over and actually cuddle me;(
||Ukraine|| Justin Bieber is in Times's list of PEOPLE WHO MATTERED!! OMG...
Crashing an #Entrepreneurship class at MIT & getting inspired for the TFOS incubator!
I wonder is gonna tweet tonight.... Probably not... If I cant get a follow the least he can do is tweet
What took me so long to find on twitter? I guess it's never too late to jump on the bandwagon
*~just got back fomr hotel lil kids dere gets on my fcxkin nerves who sits there and runs ova to da baby baby side and plays lke realy smh~*
you're lame as you sit here and read all my tweets. loll, havin fun?
thank you!
will do, glad things are great. Let me know if you need any thing travel I'd near and dear to my heart!
Not so far!! maybe someday!! Wish that I could!I need some fun!
I'm gonna have to correct you on this one, Lauren. It's cocaine. Not crack.
I think video games have really great potential for learning, but as Gee suggests I think I need a video game mentor
Sorry, I don't follow MLB because I have a brain and the gift of rational thought.
reverse look up on google
We have that blog post ready for you! I couldn't find an email on your site, if you can DM that to me I'll get you the post!
to save the tooth/any pain then do the more permanent part (crown, which is big $) later on? That's what I'm doing.
Gamma ray burst near the Earth would blow.
just read your email. Ugh!! Will respond tomorrow. I need to go out now and walk about 10 miles after eating so much.
I would like to use the 'Instructions and Help' button for WhoReadMe, but it is blank. Can you redirect me?
Looking forward to your expansion of my 7 Traits of Entrepreneurial Baby Boomer Women
Feeling like I need some #retailtherapy even tho I don't have money to really spend
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success! - Doug Larson
How did you know? We said it would be hysterical.
Sorry...but the Beach Boys make surfers look dorky.
TY 2 all of our supporters! Shoot 2 Cure HD was gr8! Record attendance. $$$ raised 4 HD research. Current/fmr Bolts+NFL players helped out.
About the police activity at the dorms last night & right now: please check your email for latest details from our Exec Vice Chancellor
#TGIF! Getting so excited to watch the #Oscars red carpet on Sunday!
Sharks are winning Yesh
good day, lots of progress. army of ohio, not cumberland. remember.
and with that statement....that is why I say don't fall into the trap. The bear trap!
I think there are just a handful of theatres in the city where I would pay more than 10 dollars to see a show.
We're open! ALL DAY today!
A's had 10,054 in attendance last night (generous according to ). Time for Selig to intervene on Giants chokehold of San Jose
your hair looks soo good(:
The plan: Do something amazing at 8, fireworks at 12. Hence, Resolution Clock last yr, fire tornado & snow this yr
Stay tuned for my exclusive intvu w RG3 parents coming up on
For old times sake I'm camping out in an #NYC cafe (second of the morning) in between meetings. Yippee!
:) i love you
It needs to be written, if only to have Scully & Holmes butt heads and Mulder and Watson getting wasted together at a bar.
Rest of the afternoon free
MT : Ikea is a retail tower defense game where you are trying to navigate the maze without losing all your money before the exit.
Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead!
I know what you mean, but it's not surprising, considering economics/location.
why do you do this to me
Oh the RTs are enough :)
is having a giveaway on You need to enter if you wanna find a career that’ll flatter (you)! :...
I love the smell of fresh rosemary in my herb garden. Tweeting about it makes me feel 115 years old.
#Gophers to the #FrozenFour --> M I N N E S O T A ... Minnesota ... Minnesota ... yeeeaaAAAHHHHHHH Gophers!!!
ok. That's what's up! Which part of new york? Im from Bronx,ny. But I stay in Florida. I'm coming to new York this weekend<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><U+2708>
no disrespect . not a fan of the kardashians but i love you and your wife. so cute
Kevin hart is the funniest man alive. #ThinkLikeAMan is a must see movie
Since lil boosie is still lock up is 2 Chainz the new black Jesus i mean yal quote him more than the bible
In case you view a whole thing it appears that it's always lovely.
watching hurricane Ike coverage on cable
There are just TOO many shallow people in the world...
Capturing a story for the Barrett Campaign today. Let's roll!
#YouKnowWhatsAnnoying When you realize you can't hang w/ cause you don't live near them&they don't know you exist.
has an interview with 's Genealogy, History, and Travel division next week!!!!! Finally...an actual interview.
yes or try tweeting or retweeting : I would love to see as a guest performer on the #xfactor.”
Happy birthday to actress Tiffany Lee, who turned in a stellar performance as Lydia in All God's Creatures.
hahha good decision=)
Never forget cha
Been riding in a car for 6 hours!!! It's driving me nuts! I just wish would follow me and make the 6 hours all worth while <3
In November, vote NO on Issue 2 to repeal #SB5. It's official!
I WISH!!! Sarah has work tomorrow night :(
Need a mother's day gift? Get the house cleaned! And use
Did your Twitter account get hacked? This doesn't sound like you.
Best Reactions To You Have AIDS- Fucking Obama.
So we at the movies and im about to die by laughing and she sitting there looking straight gangsta! Imean not a smile...
Give Cody more time. He knows how Hollywood works & when to put things out. He will when he's ready. You'll see
let me know how it works out! And good luck, you will probably need it at work.
If you've got drama in your life. You better find some new "friends".
ha. False. I haven't missed high school for a second. Don't worry champ, you'll be fine.
got punched in the face n isn't pressing charges wtf!!!
Abel, are you showing the fight again? (This is like tantamount to prom weekend.)
Halloween special. Book a massage or acupuncture session anytime before oct. 29 and get 20% off. Call 5034495164
Who coming wit me to Atlanta ??????
RT : Oral arguments are over in Daniel Salinas case. NM Supreme Court justices deliberating
Acoustic set bu the spectacular at red rock on Sunset. Now.
OMG! You must be an Apple lover like I am. I bought the new iphone and I still own my iPod Nano... I luv my iPhone...
Letting my insecurities get the best of me. <<<
when what
Melinda Gates speaking to the importance of birth control on a global scale and stigma surrounding it
“: It's crazy how you think you actually meant something to someone and they just turn around and prove you wrong.” sucks:/
thanks so much Keith. Very much appreciated.
#1 thing I miss about pre-preggoness: LUNG CAPACITY.
I love that people have the guts to stand up against injustice
Even if it rains tonight, we'll get you in - the venue is covered, it's huge, we won't make you stand in the rain! #BASHH details:...
Im so chinnky eyed, that I see people waving on a map
ask sage cause we meeting up after she get out school, if she say no i'll get you.
Don't be sorry! I don't want to be the worst at anything! :)
You're 0-2. Don't forget the "myspace is the ghetto of the Internet" comment.
Zombies!Zombies!Zombies!Zombies!Zombies!Zombies!Zombies! And maybe a few more Zombies!!!!
A relaxed mind is a creative mind...relax.
Hey :D
new Orleans ill see y'all Friday .(#^_^#)
thanks ima upload some more just contact me so we can set somethin up or could I contact you
The moment when u r sittin on the toilet. And u realize. Realistically you never had to even poop. <<<<< .. #damnfart!
Wise men have more to learn of fools than fools of wise men.
Meeting then off to watch the #Bulls in action!
Can't tell me that didn't look like another guy who used to wear a jersey. Wow !
What a day/night out in the Milly with all my boyz.
There's nothing like seeing the joy on a singer's face while he/she is in the midst of a great song. So good!
I love it.
Thanks for the continued support! We're doing our best to add items that you guys suggest, we'll definitely look into the Galaxy!
Heights flow wit my niggas
thinks someone should make a little picture for him if they have pictures of him. Preferably, not naked ones.
ikr were gonna beat ur ass cause the team were playing sucks haha(:
Playing manhunt
If u STILL do not know how to play a CD off of a boombox, I'm afraid there is no hope for you in today's "Ipod-wav file" computer era..
Ok so I have to learn german conversational in 6 mos...any good advice?
oh I see I remember you :p haha what's Up Bro ha
Connect with us on Facebook. www.facebook.com/scoreschicago
Yay! Taped shoulder and taped back. Should be good to go for tomorrow shoots. Ish. lol
Good Morning!
Love it Double duty. #Bats coverage n Razorback smut. RT Jessica Dorrell, Bobby Petrino mistress resigns from #Arkansas job
ugh, and they had somewhat nice flowers. There was still snow around when we went there! Oh how I miss snow.....pfff, psych!
body to body
10 Crosby rtw fall 2012 collection...i love it
The cave you fear to enter holds the treasure that you seek.
thanks for sharing, we thought this was an interesting question to ask yourself as a #smallbiz owner
whats the name of the video
A class of 14 college students: 10 want #immigrants to learn English, only 5 would pay higher taxes to fund ESL. #Whatdoyouthink?
Remember to RECOVER! Yes, it's important to take days off from exercise! Give your mind, body and soul break.
Looks like I'm going to the Concert tonight! What up Dvorák.
Any recos on great wineries here?
Never seen MKE's Best View for yourself? Come join us in our little corner of the river. A day like this was made for it!
School tomorrow about to take a shower peace out
On Xbox live w. The babe I love him spoon much (:
Thanks for the RT, be well!!
I'm burning on fire
"straggin" & yeah man i forgot you know shit about a bitch you dont fuck with . lol you corny sl . bye .
#ThingsMyExsaid "I love you" we were 4 days into the relationship
One dude was saying "L's up for them hittas" While he was cracking her. LMAO.
shit, did i screw everything up?
I'm bout 2 go so hard
You got your wish
I hate it when my best friend / roomie cries <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Come on Seattle where is the sun!
nah i sell cars right now, trying to be back in by the fall, thats good to hear
Um, by "wife swap" I think Chad means "crump."
giraffes are so cute. :>
doing my 4th drive today… that’s like the freeway one…..
Lost that one, but on to football - do excited!
Nate got 9 teeth to "watch"......nice goin nate....
Excited for the Thunder game at the Bradley Center tonight.
Welcome to Twitter. I love ya dude.
oh no! If minnpost reported it, we're doomed. Lord help us!
Shower time
Instead of dinner, I'm having a fruit smoothie with Metamucil in it. My turds are gonna be so swoll, brah.
Brutal workout this morning, but feel great now.
#WhenWillYou ask for help? You know you need it.
. That'd be beloved profile #45: 50 Degrees Shirt's Off Guy, out in full force on a beautiful NW afternoon!...
But the score shouldn't even be tied, we should be up by alot
Matt Flynn signs with Seattle Seahawks. On to plan G for Miami Dolphins.
thanks tony! =)
In bed sick as a dog. cure:
How's it going man?? Hope alls well!
Form a team with your friends and sign up for our (RED) 3v3 Soccer Tourney! Get free t-shirts, win an iPad 2! www.ABQ3v3.org
y dont u wear snapbacks no more?we miss them
need beats? any genre. email me w/details @ . check out my work: youtube --> jayshortt
where is the clip of me going ham about hamburgers and cheese at your crib. wasn't happy with my performance.
South Beach + Friends + Drinks + Extra = Its All Good. Chino&China
whats one thing you can't live without?
aww she still likes me:-)
Check out our new Workout of the Week Tab on our Facebook page! "Like" this post if your a fan of the Workout of the Week!
#uCantBeToughAndSay " I fell down and hurt myself and got a boo boo. "
Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair
hehe Beer for President! :)
Getting ready for #SunshineJones 2nite Great HouseMusic!!! BTW, Wednesday kicks off 80s Music nights w/ Teddy Douglas!
Stuck in a car with no music playing </3
What toppings are YOUR favorite for your frozen yogurt creations??
Feel like a loser tonight. Have to pass up tickets to see Russ Feingold, stay home, work and settle for watching the #nerdprom on TV.
Thanks for following... check out "Runner" on our band's page... it's getting airplay :)
i want to help!!!!
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists must create a team!
Im just happy it's the weekend but the first week of spring break was kinds hard.......
Life should be lived, so that in the hell told you: I'm sorry we have decent people
#Thanksgiving I'm thankful for the pain. For without hurt, there's no love. Plus, it loses its appeal after 100 times.
My stomach hurts :/
Using you Bra as a pocket. (;
and don't forget- tomorrow morning, we have to have a serious conversation with a dear (former) friend! Connections are all over
Describe, please! I want to know what extra luxury gets ya.
give your mom a hug and a kiss, miss you mom, happy mothers day
Don't blink, they won't even miss you at all.
do i HONESTLY look like a dood that does drugs? :/
Congrats to all the newly wed gay people.in New York!
My heart aches for
Scum life the only life for me
Cards and Cats meeting in the Final Four... hopefully the city doesn't burn down by Friday
so many people are so jealous of you right now... (me included)
r they using SM in gal? Don't want to detract fr exper, but engage/enhance w/what they r already using
I cannot wait until The Hobbit comes out.
5upvotes, 3downvotes. I just... how can /any/ cat not be loved? :c
I swear after this math final I'm flicking off the Math building.
: On the treadmill listening to 90s rnb radio on pandora and Jon b "they don't know" comes on. What a tune
Yeah......My baby Deondre just took 1st Place in the Portland All City School Tournament...@ 130lbs yeah baby that's what we do!!!!!!!!
U.S.EuropeAsiaShare253Tweet135.Follow Free Trial Issue Hugh Hefner Is No Longer Man On Top At Playboy
my mom asked me today if I was born in 2002..now she's loosin it. I forgave her since it's mothers day, but come on really?
St. John's under Lavin is travelling fast to the top!!!
IEPPal Release 2 screen samples on our Facebook Page
watching: The Weight of A Nation.
Shots shots shots.... Everybody!
oh em gee you done got RT'ed by one of my favorite ppl on twitter!
I hate how that mango crap get stuck inbetween my teeth :/
Lol tweeting wile watching the B's. GOAL!!! Followed promptly by EFF!! Oh Boston sports fans lol
You bet Geoff. Hope your doing well.
Joey Votto 10 years-225 mill resigns with the reds.
thanks hon for the follow great to meet you hope you have a great day
Bieber has inspired me, made me cry, made me feel special, made me smile & laugh. But most of all, Justin Bieber made me a better me. :)
great to see you
walmart, target ect.
Looks like #UncleCharlie's back... Wainwright dealing in Houston, 6-1 #Redbirds :)
same here! Even through all her ups and down. She's still gorgeous :')
heyy, are you still up? :)
Finna do a quick work out <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
#FF Beauty-ful ladies working hard to make you look good!
our script we were told, "beautifully written but 2 indie." We made "Top 15%" Nicholl last year, I'll keep on keeping on :)
AH :) Liam reached 3 million! All the boys now have 3 million :D
#RCCsoftball looking to put away in the final inning, leading 5-2.
do you know what time it airs?
Productive lunch meeting, feeling creative.
lol as long as you don't say "fam bam" Its all good
Twitter wouldn't let me click the "Follow" link for people, so I kept clicking. Now it says I'm following them about 10 times each.
Fighting the fight that really matters....
I know people who can afford insurance, choose not to buy it and give fake information when they go to the ER.
Here's how to not get a tip if you're a taxi driver - argue with fare about directions, file your nails while driving and chat on your cell
Happy International Women's Day!!!!
The winds in Albuquerque are insane today, everyone needs HydroPro. Watch your sprinklers and conserve water.
RT : : "No one cared about my GPA after college! I was devastated! ... What have you done? What problems have you solved?"
My next paycheck is going towards my next Cancun trip. I'm bringing with me
The only time I get happy is when I got a pocket full of money,weed n my system, n a shorty on my lap that's ready to please a nigga
Landed safely in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Nice to have full access to twitter again.
The feeling is mutual! Happy Friday!
No problem, feel free to let me know if I can be of more help.
loves driving with the music drowning out traffic sounds
OK, cool! Yeah, I've heard of various things floating in the ether. Sweet!
that sucks! U need to get it
Also I'm fairly surprised the show on CNN is an unusually constructive and informative mainstream Sunday morning "news" show.
It's a 90s music morning.
Ripping out your own infusion set is a bitch. I fail at dressing/undressing
well it is for me :(
that means alot bro please spread the word we need more likes on facebook and back to the studio we go!
hahaha dont deny your love for
Lisa, it's a different dream every time...only the guy stays the same.
M, dark chocolate snickers...yuuuuuummmmm!!!!
Just Finished up the "SNOCLOTHING" Photo Shoot in Sacramento, Ca. Pictures Will be up in a little bit stay tuned. www.SNOCLOTHING.com
I'm more than halfway into the book scorch trials and I screamed when Minho rescued Thomas You don't even understand my feelings for Minho..
just brought the villager bag in ellie blue and i love it!! I love all the amazing patterns that come out =]
what website?
Feds collect reaction to oil shale development
When I'm good, I'm very good. When I'm bad, I'm better. ~ from 'I'm No Angel'
Light happy hour anyone?
I'm a go getter, I get up and go get it
Headed to the tre fo tomorrow. Can't wait to see the fam.
I buy so much of your product I need a job. Lol
"yes! done, finally!" "Did you do the back?" "THERE'S A BACK?!?!"
I can't wait to go home<U+E337><U+E337><U+E337>
But it turns out the Light was not extinguished in Europe by the Church. It survived. Giants like Newton were interested. It is involved.
As a woman and lawyer, the idea that #caseyanthony and her male atty are "flirting" is insulting. But, now that u mention it . . . .
To all the beautiful mothers that has to put up with your ass Happy Mothers Day!!
JNCOs? Wow I still have a shirt.
Hi....I m new in twitter....il b prety glad if u follow me.....
RT if you love your fans and would do anything for them to know that you cared about them! <3
The power of networking and marketing yourself is essential in any business!
RT : Nothing better than #Rockies baseball &amp; a refreshing beer!!
Lanford Wilson. We lost a legend today. :(
I bleed pain take pain to another level.
Is the audiomachine trailer music a tradition now? Are u planning on using audiomachine for all trailers? such a good hook
u dont need an app on ur own...partner with another like Remember the Milk. Your product is amazing!
Man You be Hurting My Feelings
CONGRATULATIONS WE NEED THE FULL HOUR AS YOU CAN C. LIKE YOUR NEW DIGS. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK! THE CALL IS STILL THE BEST! JOYCE!
Me voiii bye!
Agreed! RT : thanks #IATUL local arrangements peeps for a great meeting
Someone burned a bagel in the office. It's a rare combination of delicious and disgusting. What are your favorite & least favorite smells?
Hahaha. Thanks for the tip. I'm on a diet. But I hear 's sausage balls are a hit.
Hey, mind following back? <U+E417><U+E327>
working on some new arrangements for my quintet recording with Joe McDonough!
Ah..choo RT : Sneezes, along with orgasms, are the only physiological responses that cannot be stopped one they've started.
Please DM me the details and I will email you some portfolio pictures.Thank you!
I love how this is news...": Sophia ousts Isabella as most popular name for U.S. girls; Jacob No. 1 for boys, Mason is surprise contende…
Mario via bolo ho, Ta-to
Well hello there!
Hm. I think it can be one or the other. I wonder what our audiences think; maybe i'm wrong
We Go In One Direction :D
totally missed the bus..times like these i'm glad i have friends that can drive..(:
Dave has a whole section of rare books -- first editions, double autographs -- lots of neat stuff. 79th & Foster 11-7 today and tomorrow
Cymbalta is one of the things I'll ask my Dr. about, since it's approved to treat musculoskeletal pain.
First home run at AT&T for the Giants since May 1 (Pablo Sandoval)
Fail to plan, plan to fail- P.Goods
If you want to get Protools get version 8 b/c version 9 will be cost prohibitive for many
": tweet. "what are you doing up so late missy?
did you see those two mets fans clapping behind him after he got hit? stay classy, new york
didn't relay the message about the starter and the "cough" sound for a gun to m.e. smdh @ my training partner
Yeah i know You want me yeah i know.
I hear ya; my job is like that too. At the same time, I also kind of covet yours. Is it inappropriate to say that on Twitter?
Are we fungi (billions of spores) or mammals (parental investment)? I prefer the latter.
Getting ready for a big weekend here at the lake. We are up 32% and still climbing! This is going to be a great 2012 for business!
have you ever made a project decision that made you want to go back in time and kick your own ass?
wait until Big Z gets lit up in one of his starts
Dale was the voice of reason. It's going to get downright scary now.
Had a great time tonight at the TXMPA Incentive party. More productions in Texas!!
How about Bachmann's current views on the science/safety of immunizations?
What affordances do games bring to the table?
Thanks bro!!
old habits die hard!
Good question.
hehe ( : text me girl , I got alot to tell you !
Sorry. I'm in the midwest.
WHAT WWAS YOUR FAVORITE PAAAARrt?e?e/R/E?e?
Cutting scholarships down to 80 will only make over signing worse
Fish fry sounds good. Anyone got a suggestion 'round Milwaukee?
Messi is barcas all time leader in goals at only the age of 24
RT : I want all clothes from Urban Outfitters.
I mean, this is the #oscars. Don't people know about cameras?
I want a pink motorcycle with a sparkly helmet! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Flo is probably the funniest tweeter...just doesn't give a fu*k!!!
Thanks for following San Francisco Public Library
Yayyy . My boo just got hired on the spot ! (:(:
To scold him for using the "if" excuse, you'd say, "If the dog hadn't stopped to pee, he'd a caught the rabbit."
Thanks Donna, a wonderful day! RT : congrats:)
Niall is so cute :) dnt worry u r too!! ;)
Nice to see Donnie Simpson (and class) back on BET!
Fun new burger place in Castle Rock called Crave- they even have one with peanut butter!
I hope you're all practicing your shots and passes for the 2012 Hoops on the River! You won't want to miss it!!
SSR is the governments job. Africom doesn't have the funding or strategic interest to sustain engagement in Congo
west up doe RT :
ha thats funny ,
My Big Bro Meek Mill Mixtape Fenna Drop && Be MAD Crazy
Can anyone tell me what the difference is bet Photoshop Elements 10 & CS5
Without Love there is nothing in this world
Texts telling you how attractive you friend is and your sitting there like what am I toast and awkwardness when your told you should date
yay! I'll send one to you soon(:
I have had sister christian stuck in my head al day and i have no idea why.
Nigga??? What's good bruh its time!
that is an "...oh" moment. Haha! Is your hair still purple? It didn't look it when I saw you today.
The true art of living is doing everything out of love
well I'll send positive thoughts your way then!
Dennis Deconcini to speak at the University Club of Phoenix 10/4 Tickets are only $25 and seating is extremely limited. Want to attend?
Patience. #gally just ended a month ago. Go sew some costumes and come back in about 10 months. ;)
Well guess what you can do quietly... FOLLOW ME! Although they might hear me scream from way over here(;
are you a photographer?
Great reunion tonight with CEO
Carlos Lee legged out a single. It would've been a double or more if he'd have thighed & winged out of his pockets as well
Three art pieces will be KidNaPPed tonight.
#FollowReader What's the new Ondaatje book about?
I'm sorry hahah.
All six cello suite Sarabandes in a row.
Reading #obamabusnames and laughing uncontrollably
Hope all is well Mama to be;)
Haha , Like He Gonna Reply To You...
I know. I thought it was going to be some sort of
For what does it profit a man to gain the whole world, and forfeit his soul? #isellcomics :)
My 11 year old daughter asked, "What is a pay phone?" Sign of the times. LOL
RT : Coachella may end, but those herpes will last forever.
Watching basketball all afternoon counts as being productive right? Since my MC is a baller and all...
A guy like me didn't get to be this stupid by being completely unlucky, you know.
Townhouse Kitchen is gonna be jumping!
James at HoB. Tim Booth is the best singer EVER! where you at? You owe me a dance.
haha like Michael Jackson?
The Structure of Junk-Scientific Revolutions
Good luck, Will! Let me know when the TED video is up.
Imma Cry When Austin leaves For Miami ! But That doesn't mean Im any less PROUD of him though! Hes living his dream & I Love him for that <3
I would rather have no wifi, than slow wifi grr...
Everything that could have gone wrong today, did.
i got measured today and i'm officially 5'1 at the moment
Have you come down on your price yet? If so, how much.
I am writing just over two pages of dissertation text for every one page of outline, & doing so at a rate of just under three pages an hour.
Who will influence you today?
We wish everyone a happy Friday.
Warning: playing 's son, Ryan, in Call of Duty: Black Ops is the number one cause of ego bruising.
Safe flight! Just landed and ready to take the city by storm ;) hell chi town!
just wanted to say hi. I enjoy checking out your work.
Say that reminds me, maybe I should check the weather forecast...
Thanks 4 the tweet. Good. Glad to hear things worked out in Egypt. You OK?
haha yea I got there later ... everyone enjoying the warm weather.
Your new photo is really nice, it connects with the nature around you.
plans to, I believe (release the yearbook / directory code). Steve?
Thanks sir! We aim to please.
most definitely!
#RickPerry speech dropping out of the race took about 11 min.
$18 for a movie? Seriously New York? Smh O well
Ha! "Hey, what's in this drink?"
Is it Friday yet???
just like they wouldn't deal McNabb in the division....
Jeffrey Eugenides's The Marriage Plot is such perfect holiday reading for English scholar types.
Hey every body!! This Thursday we launch our Holiday music live with Jacque Lesure!!! Nola's In downtown LA... LA's newest jazz spot.
thanks to for making half an hour late the new on time.
lol Redd Foxx, you gotta wipe your ass! Possibly the best white elephant gift ever?!
Dolphin in a bit <3
Reach the Christian market for as low as $10/month. Advertise on gospelrapfan.com get on it!
Car shopping ... yayers!
Done baby gurl
Big thanks to for organizing the whole thing! #uwbenhuh | cc:
Thanks for the RT!
FYI, met Steven Tyler at brunch on Sunday in LA, so nice and gracious to not only our table but everyone in the restaurant.
Keep up the good work! I love it. :)
So umm....yea, Steve Blake shot that from Northern Oregon.
This year is going to be great!! :)
I have officially reached the point where I will now tweet about how wack my phone is everyday until I get a new one lol.
steve blake definitely gets the
Nike's and a t-shirt again.
The amazing thing about this Kentucky team is every time you think they're in trouble they kick it into a gear that very few teams have.
do they use chewing gum at least?
hahaha uh for fun hah why?
Out that bitch....
Help me help you.
How does he not compare when he has better numbers than both?
I hope I get the honor one day to play for #military men and women and their families. Thank you for all that you do
AJ Tonight should be all about DICK CLARK if you all loved and respected him like Billions Worldwide did...
Dealers spend an avg. of $350.00 - $700.00 per car sold in advertising. It costs them $200.00 to get you in the door whether you buy or not
Sometimes I'm too serious. But it's my weight--not my humor--that will keep me afloat.
#15peopleilove My family
My Bloody Valentine?
Next week, we will start the countdown to our gala with daily posts to inspire your costume and get you in the mood to party hillbilly...
hey cutie (; lol if the boyz go on the nrg tour next year are you going to the chicago show? i need to meet you.
:D nah... I still don't understand how you lose a number:P
So Proud of the Entire Physician Staffing team at Randstad Healthcare on our recent Joint Commission Recertification! Check out what the Jo…
Actually, it's about a friend of mine with spinal cancer that has been denied coverage by your company...for no apparent reason
RT : VPLP New York! LOS HEAT SON LOS MEJORES!!!!
Thirsty Thursday!
Missed #codcon12 yesterday due to various meetings and online conference. Now ready to participate online. Also, I want my ribbons, darnit!
How much more perfect can you get in a game. 3 batters up and its 3-0. And now Yuni makes it 5-0.
I'm going with #hanson in the Derby!!
If she says "hold on, let me get my dad to sign the permission slip"
Hey, follow Harvey Pekar on twitter.
Better day
You will be the number 1 DJ in the world soon. #gaznation1 C u in Chicago soon!!
I am Eating cake on my Birthday! thanks to the team here.
Congrats on the win ! Loved the show!
You want me to finish the job but you lock me out of the building.
yes!!!! I'm back in town Tuesday afternoon :)
that's cool! :)
just tellin the truth. So r u realy moving next week?
honey sunshine :)
Pilates gets the body movin' movin'
IN SERIOUS NEED OF A NEW PHONE!
Nurture your mind with great thoughts, foryou will never go any higher than you think
Can you follow me???
I dislike when refs change the game.
Have you had their chicken salad! OMG Shire-licious ;) lol : I love that place and eat there every time I am in Houston!!!!
CC will give us 8 innings tonight so
where do you stand on #PIPA?
Big 'L' for #OSU never makes me sad, esp after having trash thrown at me by their fans after IU/OSU. A few bad Buckeyes ruined their bunch.
alright alright dne
You still talking about him..??? lol
In the wild #dogs don't bark, yelp, or jump on pack mates in a burst of affection
More caffeinated than I've been in a long while... Gotta stay awake for
May is Older Americans Month (a.k.a. Senior Citizens Month) and this year's theme is "Never Too Old To Play". Sounds about right!
i love it I love it I love it when u eat it
At this moment I'm earning my stylish decorative Tweet pin courtesy of #erl12 - now my lanyard makes me even cooler than I was before.
": Comedy is tragedy plus time - Happy Birthday Carol Burnett" one of my comedy idols
NO SHIT! Be blessed!
Being taken against my will and better judgment to cafe du monde!
lol not the first time I've been accused of such behavior.
Oh and needs to buy me a milkshake before she is getting what she wants
Happy Monday, everybody! Hope you have an amazing week!
Wigginton hits his 2nd homer of the season and cuts the Cubs lead to 3-1. Phils still batting in the bot. of the 7th.
Yep, it really sold the whole thing, although I'm pretty sure that tree wasn't around a month later...
RT via What do you wish for this holiday season? NHTSA wishes for safe roads w/ no drunk drivers, no crashes
would have died to see florence tonight. but instead i will be watching drunk people grind to top 40 hits
Hahaha I love how smirked during 's rant on Dayana.
I can't believe that's all they gave Whitney
True Born Records v
So happy to be awarded a PNC Transformative Art grant for our proposal with Auchentoroly Terrace, Mondawmin communities & !
try Sunday
we get the hint and will see what we can do.
I'd like to hear do Killing Me Softly With His Song.
Out of the people to unfollw me, it was one of the hottest guys ever D:
I got tired of cutting off good conversations to reset for another recording and just paid the $10. Free works fine in fragments
eh I don't believe it!!!!!! Lol
Nothin better than a root beer float on a hot-humid day.
Ooh, just pulled The Magician. Absolutely fitting, considering the items on today's to-do list. Tarot is *SO* a mirror!
Its very easy to say BUSY when someone needs you..!But Its very painful to hear BUSY when you need someone..!
First stop... BBQ.
Just got home , bus broke down ..
What you said about "classy black girls." Ionno it made me giggle.
Calling all hoes calling all hoes
thanks. Is this for cash games too?
Family matters!! Can't sleep.
"I had this idiotic unshakeable faith that I was going to be what I wanted to be." --Geena Davis
we use to stay taking pictures lmfao
you already know I've been in training at the cousins for 6 months now. A 50 ounce burger is nothin
It feels so right to be with you <3
Morning everyone. Public Safety is at 10 a.m. A few pieces to go over and then Casino/DT safety discussion
So I guess I'm working two jobs this summer... I'm not even 15 yet like what
Yo 9th I need followers too man. Help a fellow Winston artist out fam.
Listening to The Madcap Laughs, and I'm not referring to the new Sinead O'Connor album (but I just listened to that too).
Just updated the Netflix
Everyone and their grandpa was at menards this weekend
Burning the midnight oil with and
this summer, we're all goin! Deal?
Trent Richardson #Browns No. 3: They needed an explosive back to bring life to their offense; he’s huge help vs. AFC North.
Listen, someone has to grab that title before the power vacuum causes chaos.
Field trip! Off to Smithsonian's Udvar-Hazy with Luke Idziak of FabLabDC. Space Age Preservation.
I rather let'em go do what he does
Some of these randoms I followed back tweet like they do not have a g.e.d.
Im berly on spring break how the hell u on summer break already
don't think so, but there needs to be!!
#Spriteslam Master P's dunk in the Make em' say Ughh video
haha at least your still beautiful
trying to sound country lol
“: Find us at 12a on ESPN for the full our of Baseball Tonight as we recap both of the LCS games.” you mean "hour"
remember your faith, God gave you the position your in glorify him with your life, your talent.. stay humble, God bless!
#HillerHelps - In #ReconciliationLaw you look at both partners sides of problems and resolutions.
“: Right after he gave me a ticket he said...umm were you watching tv on your phone? Lol NO WAY OFFICER!!” lmao tryin to get u
After a three-week vacation, the singers return to rehearsing this week. Haydn Creation, here we come.
Just average!
omg its ben forever and a day
Next year I'd really like to see more sessions on advanced online/distance learning & libraries. Why are we stuck on intro concepts?
ugh. Hold on-.-
First month paying bills without a real job... such an awkward (yet liberating) feeling.
I love Lifetime movies.
RT : Pack your rucksack & join us to learn the tools, platforms & strategies for successful web marketing at our boot camp,...
John Marinatto has resigned as Big East commissioner, sources tell CBSSportscom's Brett McMurphy.
wish I were! 8 more hours on the road to go...
THANK U ANA HE IS SLEEPING NOW LOTS OF TREATMENTS TODAY POOR GUY IS WORN OUT I WANT HIM HOME BUT BETTER HUGS
Generics are important for public health, but tort liability provides incentive for drugmakers to respect safety
If you want your company to grow, strengthen your management. - Heather Haas Advisa
I KNOW YOUR NEVER GOING TO BUT IT WOULD MAKE MY NIGHT IF YOU TOLD ME GOOD NIGHT PLEASE I'LL CRY <3333
Reviewing the findings for the 2012 Real Rate Report - we're on track for our release next month
Sometimes you just need your son from the future to come back in a delorian and give you a little encouragement.
"Helen must needs be fair, When with your blood you daily paint her thus." - Troilus & Cressida, 1.1
Describes Philly pretty well!!
Ok I get that Fed as leader is expected to respond a certain way. Got it. Few in press have leader expectations for Nadal Why?
I know you got pull. I see the On Deck lineup but not the schedule. I gotta plan! Make it happen Bernie!
MLS: NYvLA - With harsh shadows at Red Bull Arena, ESPN camera ops working overtime to iris up and iris down. No perfect solution.
lol its quite all right. im stubborn too. lol
That's all the more reason for it to be public, everyone get's to see what's going on.
Saw Beniof's keynote at Dreamforce. Compatible vision with Aruspex roadmap; integration of social networking and proactive talent mangement.
I think a non-science fiction book would be good too. Get lots of people to suggest them :)
I'm glad to see that, based on the reviews, most critics were as confused by the plot of "Bullhead" as I was.
Great weekend w/ so far. Also already eaten oysters, shrimp, crab, lobster & salmon. And carrot cake.
The end.
Who's awake?
Hot Atlanta How Hot is your Hair 404.454.1494 salonramsey.net
Walking around in cowboy boots in Pennsylvania. Haven't felt this conspicuous since I was in Chile... wearing 100% normal clothes
Power is out on a bright sunny day.
Very encouraging... I would love to get your real 140 character opinion of any of my novels... >giggling< >sheepish grin< ;)
No doubt bro its a movement we r all connected the mores #s they cannot deny it!!RT : #Salute ...im on it...
LOL is like another Mariah Yeater because apparently she claims that her and Justin hooked up hahahahaha
everyone please follow 's and aka D-Swag and J-Swag > as knighted by Z-Swag lol :)
Saw a woodpecker today . . . In NY? Second time in my LIFE
I feel empty...
...thanks bro!
me and are coming to yearbook tomorrow !
Working out while Craigslisting for jobs.
eat at City BBQ and support CG Campus Life! 5:30.
Everything is lookin' fresh and delicious today. Come check out our BBQ!
Coffee date with at !
I don't know why I remember such things. But my ability to do so has diminshed over the years. :-)
my sweet Katie, I wuv wuv WUV you to!! :)
yeahh :). Hey I'm making a video do you want to be in it?
Best of luck this season. I'm a new fan of Poly-Cal basketball after researching your career path. Thanks for the follow.
is looking for a #Java #Technical #Lead for a #contract to hire #job with a large retailer in #SF. Interested candidates must have worked o…
You're gross.
No weapon formed against me shall prosper
Mathes got it at Renaissance. He bought a table.
got our 800th like today!
I hate the dashboard too! All I want is a new blank tab.
Well, finding out your company won a Tony is a great way to get you to work with a smile. Good stuff!!
what's a good beer for pregame of #Blackhawks game tonight?
players are talking interoffice lemon-trading.
I love you more and I can't wait mi amor!(:
How dead is kobys? Blasted retards. Smh
Just got a full night of rest. Time to get ready for work!
this morning's theme song? Band of Horses - The Funeral
Duderstadt calls for a “differentiated system of higher education.”
Note to self: put my windows up next time I'm going to drive past the wild safari park. Rhino butt? Pe-yew!
This is really funny to me. Ha. RT : #WW - Remember Charlie on Charlie's Angels? He's like that, but for the
As are we. Thank you in advance for your service!
:(.. I don't want any other girl... I just want her back.. Shes all i want and need... :(
'I know its late..I know your weary..I know your tweets don't include me'..Bob Seger/TweetLyric..G'night!!!
Health Tips: most efficient greens include: spirulina & blue green algae, & grasses; alfalfa, wheat, oat, barley, kamut, spinach & kale
I finally changed my profile pic lol yay!!! :D
lmfaoo im jus bein real i cant listen to country,blues,metal rock etc. hell no ahaha
Who's in Kinnary's class and knows if we can use a half sheet on the final?
that's why it's our opinion content, not news, we're posting with them
You want more than what has been achieved with great difficulty.
well I will definitely see you at Warped! I will have tacos in the morning lol
best seitan veggie 'wings' ever. want to buy in this area so bad! Trying...
Good morning! Off to deal with a crisis first thing this a.m. The day will get better.
Dad is having surgery 2day. Please add him to your prayers. Ever faithful and thankful 2 God
The three words that best describe Ryan McDonagh would have to be "rock", "flag" and "eagle"
Yes but the stupid hospital says no and I CAN'T WALK. Navicular stress fracture is what it is.
No lap dances from Jules :( happy fat tuesday !!
Oh. my. god. This is most Juniata girls. you were right.
Watching "Capote" on Showtime. "In Cold Blood" is a classic, chilling book. One of my favorites.
When my best friends haven't watched Star Wars it just calls for a movie night.
hahahhaa which would you rather...in your time machine..me younger you older?
He licked his lips said to me --girl you look good enough to eat...put his arms around me --said boy now get your paws right offffa me
Now thats TAYLOR
hate studying for mid-terms :/
#Caps were out hit 14-11, Ward had 2
donttt like the way your acting..
great week!
You back in the gym bruh? Cardio all day.
San Diego show with Jeffree Star, It Boys and more on Nov.11th. Show is going to be insane! Finally back in SD and playing a hometown show!
Ima STACK paper, hustle just to relax later
Congrats to you Jay and LeadsCon for your recent acquisition!!
Should death and dying be discussed with young people early in life?
I'm sorry, it wasn't intentional, I told you they deported me! Will you ever forgive me so we can be best friends again?
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
FUCK why am i not sleeping #regrettingthisalready <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Some people just need to lay the crack pipe down..public trans at its best...
RT : I swear lol “ You know the sex good when u start apologizing about shit you did in the past, lol.”
The Penn State students rioting at the loss of Joe #Paterno shld lament instead the innocent kids who were hurt
Counting down the hours until CA.
Pain has kept me from working out for far longer than in the past. Need to get on track and lose these few 'new' pounds!
Sierra Club blocks Md. natural gas export terminal - Beaver County Times
Attending the Florida Distance Learning Consortium meeting where Pearson is doing a demo of Open Class.
#ImThatPersonWho Doesn't find people falling/getting hurt funny . Lol . Like, the fudge ?
We're counting down the days to the end of busy season! Have you done your #taxes? Or will you be filing an extension?! Busy wknd ahead...
Oh....i live on the east coast...so, its over...
you seem nervous!!
One last tweet to one of my fav ppl in the world, Happy Mother's Day! You're worth all the love given today & more.
hawt. thanks for sharing!
HUGE win last night. Thanks to everyone for coming out and helping us pull through in that 4th quarter!
Weekends only happen once a week, so be sure to put us on your brunch list in the month of March. You won't regret it.
Dr. Joel Fleischman in nature. Not exactly the man you knew. He couldn't see past the Hudson River if he tried. He liked his fis
Won't share that publicly on Twitter. Kind of a silly question to ask from an online retailer. Send me a DM and maybe.
The only issue is I'll only get to see my son once in awhile for 6 more years...my daughters 18 in Sept. Army roomate..
got a bday cake pop and can't help think of :-)
Hey thank you so much for following us!
WTF British guy's foot just got shredded! wasn't expecting that crazy shit!
j'ai honte de lui... #shame !!
truth of the matter is I like someone but I'm just too shy and it's kinda late for it lol
Im go outside and kick the hell outta the dog who keeps barking.. Wtf :o
i didn't fail i just wanted to finish reading it! :(
Thanks Lauren!
Trick daddy be going hard I don't care what nobody say
I swear, the tv shows they have come up with now are crazy , like #mycrazyobsession and
We are proud to announce that B&T Collective is now the exclusive carrier of 420 Yummies in Anaheim, CA!!!
Please follow me Mother Monster.!!!!! :) <3
Anyone from going to the new pros event this week?
scratch dat "get me bodied"
I can never sleep anymore.
I need plans for tomorrow.
Happy Good Friday! don't forget to join the Twitter chat w. Becky today @ 6p.m. CST!
Ah yeah is saved :D
To the many folks I've linked up with, facebooked, tweeted and met live... THANK YOU. I like people. I like how we're varied. Safe Holidays!
Will keep you in mind! Tell me more abt Agents day. A link?
My local library gives away books that they are taking out of circulation. I picked up a book of Angela Carter stories - what a treasure!
thanks appreciate the love, if you want to download my last mixtape its free on datpiff >>goo.gl/G01At
Crack The Sky was awesome last night in Baltimore.
Also coming soon: The Lightning Field, by Kenneth Baker; The Art Critic, by Peter Plagens; The Moon and Sixpence, by W. Somerset Maugham
Has anyone out there in library land ever compared their B&T price with the comparable Amazon price?
For some reason i cant see the tweets people are sending me... twitter isnt working right :/
A Time to Pray Dear Lord, help me to do what pleases You and not worry about what others think.
can I borrow em when ur done???
I Guess that makes me a dog then.... really wishes I would have stayed home tonight. :(((((
Thanks for the link to this article...I may swing in tomorrow to see what they have to say!
I happen to be comfortable in my own skin -- other people are too slimy.
fa sho bru But you can here some of my tracks on youtube wearetheflygang mind u new page views is low!
My appointment was at 8 o'clock and it's now 9:15. Seriously? I'm in severe pain and in no mood for this shit.
seriously thinking about it. So over FB privacy BS.
is awesome. Check out her tweets for updates on #WaronWomen and general anti-woman stupidity.
Thanks to everyone who's been helping to spread the word. We're seeing a steady flow of sign-ups! And dare I say a few matches?
ill send them to you if you want
That too!
A: Don't be easy on the guys. Don't be scared of asking the question. As a reporter they feel like its your job to listen.
Breakfast for lunch. :)
drove #pittsburgh to #charlotte today... horrible weather...just like the last drive...sheesh... maybe flying ain't so bad??
The Lord is my light and my salvation whom shall I fear?
Good Morning B-More it's Tuesday morning a great day for a coffee & a hot breakfast come on in & join me, (@ Peace & A Cup of Joe)...
The way you think, the way you behave, the way you eat, can influence your life by 30 to 50 years
We want every artist to understand their strengths and weaknesses!
Adonis Zipper Pouch @ www.kandizone.com
Drove a lot of kilometers yesterday! Plus Portuguese dinner and drinks w/bike mechanics from Winnipeg & sweater weather = Toronto
I want to play lacrosse, just to see what it is like!!
If your a #Groupatic Check-out our new site launched today!! Groupatics.com website, #teamFollowback! More to come!
Aw man, you got that?? You're gonna have to let me see it...NEXT WEEK!
Thanks for the RTs!
Haha I can respect that. You're a Sabres/Bruins fan right?
A once unknown Madonna tried out for roles in both the movie and TV series versions of "Fame." She was shot down twice.
i'll shoot my eye out.
Well well.. This day cannot get any slower.
morning! I have the same tank you're wearing in your prof pic. You look much better in it though.
I guess when I write that agent query, I can note that I have an MA in Professional Writing & Applied Design. Woohoo!
i love katy perry & drake if they ever did a song together i think i would pass out
I could see that. I'm going with "Boogie Nights".
I made it through the week.
Take me back to my little dorm room. Take me back to my friends. Take me back to my city.
In the bed
damn! Good morning its only 2am here I haven't even been to bed lol
that guy in the front <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
but it is poop or like a runny diarehhia. Off the the shower.
Nice to see someone is doing actual journalism in this city. Thanks for discrediting Fox's disgraceful cut and paste video
my idol he following me :O OMG !!! i cant believe :O Thank u so much !!! OMG !!! :)
Sorry everyone! I was hacked. Password now VERY strong hacker!
i loved austins ustream yesterday :) he looked so sexy!! <3
Happy Pride, Seattle!
Texas Blood Money & The Hangman's daughter. I probably won't be seeing you until Monday :[
A federal court has denied Universal Music Group's request for a rehearing in the court case over digital sales royalties for Eminem.
Watching FANGIRL like crazy over on twitter lol
dope up and go to bed.
So Mighty Max was for boys and Polly Pocket was for girls? Learn something old everyday.
Happy birthday ! Hopefully that hand will be mine when isn't around this summer. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Truth exists everywhere at all times.
You tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is 'never try'. ~ Homer Simpson
It's Flawless (: xx
Saw so many people tonight sucks I gotta leave soon
looking for politics? Not here. Sports? No problem.
Every man has the right to risk his own life in order to save it. ~Jean~Jacques Rousseau
nigga is trash
hahah classic meggs's night of birth
hope u had a blast at juicy!
#howiknowyou'reafreshman you ask if I'm staying over the summer.
You could be it. Crazy how we go together.
I would never hide anything i dnt have anything to hide
How does one listen to silence? RT : #WI Legislature's JFC will consider budget ideas, but plan to listen to 'silent majority'
Got sum Good/Bad news Bad news: Cypher is canceled 4This Friday..Good News: Its rescheduled 2 Nxt Friday!! stay tuned for more info later
My first tweet of the new year...what's up
John #Davidoff says: "For #MissionDrivenMarketing, nurture compelling discontent: good leaders, and good marketers, are never satisfied."
you HAVE to scan the letter, I must see it:! Oh, i miss the radio days of prison stalkers! not really :)
Can today please be a good day ? Maybe, yeah, no, yes, okay good
I didn't fair catch and you know how that goes. Smh
I am addicted to g shocks I'm going to get my 3rd one this year I love them things
I read parts of the ACA went in effect yesterday Do you know if that's true/how it works? I ask you due to your profession
In a fog today mentally. Went running outside for the first time in years at lunch. It didn't suck. Still don't feel like myself, though.
One of my colleagues and about people who say they "love" to write, via Dorothy Parker: Be honest. You love having written, not writing.
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my number now call me maybe #CallMeMaybeIBStyle #BoyzCallMeMaybe (:
Yes, China is opening 1 museum a day!
you scare me sometimes... HA how did it go today?
Thank you
haha oh no... RT : He still has a long way to go for his tweet game to be up to SW's standards
In Rainbows!!...
Pls you sound dumb sis you already know I do whatever it takes.. Sometimes that may include doing things right handed..
thats fantastic. I did shot/discus freshman yr in HS. That's way past me :)
You Already Know ;) I'm to excited!!!(: muahhhsz
Yeah...finally home for the night...yummy.. smothered chicken breast & fully loaded mashpotatoes & Ceasar Salad...I love being a mother
if they got the account, it was solely on the social campaign. i really liked the ad store campaign. simple!
Some ppl kus urk my nerves being in the same facility as me! Lord plz help me deal wit it & da presence of my enemies!
Let's go Celtics!!
Not sure what to think of my few rainy hours in Oslo, but the Swebus bus to Sweden has free wifi with gorgeous scenery'
I heard NY won. Congrats Giants! I'm still green though ;). To the bandwaggon fans - Please Shut Up! Anyway, On to MLB Spring Training! :)
Justice has been served. Let freedom ring. God bless the USA!
can't retract it's claws
Go Falcons!!!!!! Any team but cheese :-)
The #BorntoBeWild media premiere was such a success last night. The rest of the public can check it out this Friday
Thanks A! I was so happy and surprised I burst into tears of joy at my sale!
have you seen the Avengers movie yet? How does Stuttgart, Germany really look??
I Use To Be The Sweetest Girl !
nice dude! What are you pairing it with for breakfast?
I could talk to you all night.
": The pace of this 1st round is beyond breakneck. I havent even had time to tweet."just RT something I've said!!
You can forgive but you won't forget.
RT : Toni, saw your note about #Bono. He has changed the world and is a great hero. >Yes he is! God bless him!!!
If our neighborhood #Borders must close, then #TJMaxx #Marshalls must take its place! Don't get me wrong, I'll miss Borders!
Just Ordered Iphone Case!!! :D Cant Wait!!!!
searching for Quality Assurance Manager candidates for fantastic opportunities in Iowa, Colorado, and Minnesota #MEAT #BEEF #SQF #BRC #HIRI…
#TheresNoWayInHell those were strikes.
Great race for Maldonado and Venzuela. Kimi on the podium again.
Ever walk into a bar & think, im not hip enough to be here? Why does this always happen to me lol
#show so if u send random tweets 2 quote celebrities when the event has sufficient clients is it considered A-List
I just moved. lol and i visit there all the time! I knew you did!
Get back on the grind dude!
Tim Mays didn't sell out. He's SOLD OUT!!
Realized SAT Subject tests are on Saturday, only gonna study for History
Jefferson, tonight is NOT your night!!!
Tonight! Brooke D. at O’Flaherty’s Irish Pub, SAN JOSE!
long night lmao
whats next a tweet per day limit?? I mean i'd think that mindless tweets about nothing 500 times a day would get blocked first!
and they want yours :)
Will Rebecca Black post a Look At Me Now verse on YouTube?
lets do it !
Thanks for your insightful NYT review of new bk by Wish you had been at seminar
I actually love catching Knicks games now. It must really suck to be a Mets fan.
oh yeah completely different from Florida
Right after I sent the tweet, I heard the thunder. It's about to start over here.
Dropped cable boxes off at ups store this morning. Finally free of the $80/mo. for no content insanity!
Yeah they're giving it to the #Reds right now!
Electric Windmill goes to Olympia! Today we'll be hanging out at Last Word Books and sifting through zines in the Olympia Zine Library.
i miss you too girl
watching tv you?
Thank you, Phil! You are kind and just!
cool and nm just at home bored!! Ugh TN is boring!
Watchin the re-make of "The Mechanic" (filmed in part in New Orleans) with a few cold ones to wind down the week of work.
they do it to the kids on poor countries,animals,homeless, even high school dropouts .. but never"hey heres a check for some money to help"
zombie survival tip # 257 - never take an unfilled water cantine, sloshing noises will attract the undead. and you don't want that !
More than a glimmer of Democratic hope in Johnson County. About 50 enthusiastic folks at last night's JJ dinner!
I'm so tired.
Obama, Obama, Obama, Obama; mother fucker I'm ill, not sick.
So bord at school
I'm goin to try and watch this dragonball z: evolution
Congrats Papa!
Your best day #traveling in 7 words? Cook Islands dive, 15 minutes, 2 humpbacks
evidently. and to think I foolishly thought I was out of the woods when I got over the hypnotic effects of the cover...
Hey what's up?
more interesting than the tebow trade....sean payton suspended for a year....
Sure!! :)Thanks for the follow.
Facing Adversity with confidence, knowing I can be the change, knowing I can make a difference and make things better...
Does any use Skype anymore???
I wish this was a 3 day weekend
FOLLOW SHE FOLLOWS BACK!!!!! <U+2665>
Agree wholeheartedly. "Bah-rendon, Amazing race is supposed to he fun." uggh.
this is rhetorical, right?
When my TL gets boring I tweet a lot just for fun.
I must look like a Philadelphian! Someone just asked me for directions.
Anybody looking to buy a house in Florida? Now's the time! Let me know what you want and I'll find it.
Skipping em for pretty lights was a great decision
bigger. Usually more features. But sometimes I have same feeling. Putting out a 2 dollar app in a few weeks.
I forgot the reason this came up was b/c a different sports-related inconvenience is coming to town. Scratch the half-happy.
awh :D I miss those times(:
Music stole my social life away from me. Why does that sound so oxymoronic?
Poised Creation strives to keep artists in their most authentic mindset!
Crazy great time w/ my girl Theresa McAteer!
well bout to go take a bath
I am going to make my daf play it in the car now.
Indeed it was, but don't worry, there's always next year!
its kinda funny cause we like follow u guys at the hotels and u follow justin so now u feel what we feel lol
where the heck are you going?
HAHAHA that was hilarious! I miss watching that with you!
ITS 57 AS WE SPEAK!!!!.
God removes people out of your life because he knows your better without them. So don't try to put them back in.
With my Grandma Katie:) <3
is the reception at a bar!?
We need to get it together.
don't start your wv bashin. I'm sure not all Duke fans are as classy as you.
The more and more I think of you,the more I loose feelings for you.
YOUR AMAZING.
Weiters is my favorite Oriole since
kobe passed da ball finally lmao
no more photos ..jus real me u have to see
UX designers must be full team members. UX needs and tasks must be part of team planning.
You're the 100th person I've followed. Congrats lady
Thank you :)
<<<<<I Gotta new twitter name #don't hate
at least not the ones from the grocery store olive bar.
Just downloaded application for GSA art in architecture program, funding art projects in federal bldgs. Think there's any $ left for this!?
Had a great time yesterday being a part of the upcoming music video for "Greatest Night"! So happy to have met some more fabulous ppl!!
"So What Instrument Do You Play?" Smh I Am The Business Behind The Operation, Not The Talent...
it would make our day if you RT us Steve! 2day is our beta launch! We're out 2 forever change the way group travel is done! :)
better late than never! Looking forward to your tweets.
Guys stop believing in 2012 it's not real! It's just someone who's trying to make money! Trust me! And if you don't, just watch!
I <3 NPR, but damn, this week's stories...so hard. Remembering those who lost people in NY 10 years ago...
so much ideas. nobody to share them with
30 And, while fathering sons and daughters, Lamech lived 595 years after having Noah.
#WordsINeverWantToHear one of my favorite celebrities are dead.
keeps going higher & higher
what is "Your" music?
i have one for the hospital I work at it's great for the nurses to learn about us but we have great nurses who appreciate us
wrote Pey a letter in school today. just sent it out<21
Tayler Lofquist () Everything tasted great-my only regret was that it stopped at two plates! ;-)
Shout out from thr divas..the whole stampedn tonight
OK SO TUES NIGHT? DINAH HIT ME BACK 2. U GOT A TIME FRAME
since when are weatherman bangable?
Sleepin early might of not been the best idea lol :/
thanks for the follow family Blast that Hip Hop news our way
I think someone called me Ben Stiller on the youtube video for titanium
where and what time for showing??
Legalize it.
RT: WI Gov. Walker signs budget, slashes education $1.85B, Medicaid $500M, cuts tax credits for poor; Co's get tax breaks http: ...
you have too you can never see once.
I am currently surrounded by two laptops, one netbook, & my iP All of which are being used by me, each for their own purpose.
wwhen are you coming back??
RT : Coaching 3rd base is like business. If you go all season w/no outs, you weren't aggressive enough. Take risks.
Spelman student Brittanae Smith-McGee, C’2012 wins Limited Edition print made to benefit the children of Haiti.
Can never get enough of the Google Doodles! Today's is a fun one
Lol at my grandma having a "talk" with me.
That was one crazy commute. And given Shermageddon, that's saying something.
Having housewives cut in the Starbucks line is a
Great "pseudo-training" ride last night in GG Park w/ Next Wed, 6pm, north end of GG Polo Fld. #30daysof cycling Join us!
still needs toys for girls aged 7-12. It's not too late to donate: Volunteers are already at Golden Hall.
maybe his best album.
Every entrepreneur should keep a daily business journal - very powerful things happen
and what do you want buzz today????
Finally off work. Tired AF, I need something to do though
why did i get an email that u just started following me? lol
your dumb
looking for a strong oracle candidate in austin with red hat experience for a growing cloud company
Who is watching sunday best? www.twitter.com/BETSundayBest
my old boss (a former prof turned exec) was told by his mentor (CMO of big brand) "go to a swap meet and a NASCAR race."
Finished Resident Evil Revelations last night! Even though the campaign took only 9 hours, it was quite good!
Before portals tear our friendship asunder, what about going to Food Truck Friday tonight?
looks like a video editor i saw a long time ago...dont remember its name though
lmao RT : We're such good friends, I don't need a Facebook reminder to remember it's your birthday!
“: Yall remember how goldust was cutting edge and you thought wtf...give brodus a chance”. Thank you.
ethosIQ is seeking qualified Pashto linguists for translation and interpretation requirements for the US Army. Call 281-616-5711 for info.
yess? :) I don't really look at my @ so I just noticed this :D
Let's go Yankees! 28, here we come!
oh yeah i remember that.. u should post a flick..
You did great. I was really impressed with how you wrapped that up.
What a great way to beta test an attention getter. Elf related tweets may be the key to social networking.
Who has a nikon battery charger
you threatened me with a book -_-
Happy Easter , && Enjoy your day ( ;
we'll do it again today, buddy!
Die Antwoord is the weirdest thing I've seen lately. However, I watched "I Fink U Freeky" 4 times in a row. Thought I recognized a few.
#hunterschile hey matt
Join us for Happy Hour.... 5:30-close! $3.50 cocktail specials tonight or our $2.50 shot specials including the 'Traffic Light'!
Representing CGS as delegate at the first breakout session at
STRIP CLUB KILLA
Discovering that #Sweave works nicely with packages like xtable and reporttools: just print results as "tex"
So true. RT : Don't say a silly "I forgive" when your heart is saying a wise "go away"
Anyone interested in polishing your skills #teaching #UX & #webdesign & development to high school kids in Camden? I'm in.
I'm like theonly one who doesnt have a smart phone -_-
Should I forgive him?
I'm gonna show her what you said
about to do a job hunt!!!
thx for coverage No prob, nice job.
Is it just me or are these "c:" smileys cute? Haha
It's Sunday but it looks like a good week already!
that's 1 euphemism for depressing.....fingers and toes are crossed for the right results!
:) are you ready for prom!?
check out the creative cloud subscription. That is what I went with this time.
wuts up-How can i get a sticker?
. is delivering some quality Hurricane Irene humblebragging. Yes, but only for the Elites.
Demolition Begins at Altavista First National Bank
Check out the newest trend in keeping valuables safe. Listen 2night, 2 "Rappin Up The Night" 9:30 CST - online so you can hear it anywhere
his face just grosses me out in general. Wonder how Flames fans feel watching this run.
Hoping to hear more about apps/mobile experience beyond "guides." guides are not appropriate for all museums.
Almost done with the cybernetics paper. It is nowhere near where I'd like it to be, but life happens, huh? Too late to fix now. :/
She's such a good daughter! Lucky mom! :)
THANK U SO MUCH!!!
No prob! Enjoy, see y'all tonight at the party!
if i meet him it would be amazing if i meet robert too but i cant kiss him like u did in the picture lol
things are great thanks, have a new stylist with me too!
Bobby Roode retains... in clean fashion! Excellent Ladder Match. I surely hope he becomes the longest reigning champ in history.
I can't wait to interview you! I have to add that I have #IGetDown blasting in my car every time I drive. I love it!
Had an awesome launch team meeting tonight! There were 40 people there ready to see God do some big things! Don't miss the next one!
already have and we all shoud. Treyvon could have been anyone's son.
Hungry for a late night snack...we serve our amazing & cheap food 'till 10...nachos anyone?
I am recording on Friday, but can tell you when it will air.
I wish I had a hot tub time machine so I could go back and not watch hot tub time machine.
Be sure to listen to Chris Brown ft. Justin Bieber 'Next to you' it's truly an amazing song <3
"Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery."
how are u sis
That chick is hot though. RT : T Mobile commercials annoy the shit out of me.
": hi there. there a reason u started following me?" no one is worried about you.
whoa, I want to see you too but no need to be hasty!
What's this promise of this weekend?!
So Today My Ice Coffee Decided To Go All "Yolo" On Me And Jump Out Of Its Cup ! .. -__-
bye Andy!
The weekend doesn't start until Subday, right?
you two speak the whole truth, and nothing but the truth (LOL book we read in the 7th grade)
kc of last year was dying for a wild card...now we are in control.
Just finished performing. Larry King walked by as I was playing The Girl from Ipanema. He looks much better in person!
no prob I know it's very very early to ask but what are the chances of you coming back to fiesta next year in San Antonio
cooking for geeks highly recommended
Still listening to Talking Heads radio on This is an excellent station.
(sigh) there is a break dancer here to audition.... I SO wish I could watch :/ love me some male dancers!
Philly fans are the shit
sweet, I can't miss that
I tell you, we as a people allow WAY too many self hating paid tokens. Who cares about what Larry Elder is saying anyway...
RT : Everyone that's married is not in love. And everyone that's in #love is not married. Re-think
I let go of all judgements about where I am in my career. I feel free and light. I look forward to receiving great news this week!
And I Quote: That Y My Drink Of Choice Is Nikolai...Cuz Niggas Lie. LMFAO!
that shit is good watched it yesterday
me... I'm the help! My entire body aches so bad! It's a hot tub night for sure!
Leaving Lancaster, pizza and beer for my birthday near my office, let me know if you wanna come by... Get at me yo.
looking forward to opening night!
Thanks, ! You're GREAT :D
and The DiSC session tweets are great!
religious schools who don't hire people of other faiths get sued by the ACLU! So now penalized by healthcare definition?
Thanks to your last EPBOT post, I now *must* visit Disney World next Leap Day!
Off to the doctor this afternoon. Hoping to figure out what's had me low since Jan.
You will need to invest a lot of money for opening a bridal boutique
Who is coming to the Denver Family Institute's 3rd Annual AUCTION for ACTION!? It's this Saturday and guarenteed to be a blast!!!
So it sounds like MTV managed to bleep out the cursing. Must have been tough cause she did a TON of it!
Happy Valentine's Day! Hope you get some action tonight!!
Didnt do a damn thing but eat chinese food and help my friend clean her house.. im now home & preparing for my company picnic tomorrow.
Loving the covers on these forthcoming books!
I have a new look for twitter now:)
Moms and pops didn't raise no dummy they raised a solider Much love to my parents!
gets to sit on his arse for the next hour or so, "escorting" folks from IBM while they install expensive hardware into racks.
I MISS MY FRIEND GEORGE MAKKAS....!!
call me now.. phone issues
It's not HER past but her dad's. It's heartbreaking because millions are carrying that same guilt when they've done nothing wrong.
You match the color with the number and fill it in ...
Love a good mushy voicemail.
Getting ready to rock tonight with and
Girls fall in love with what they hear, boys fall in love with what they see. </3
Just because it's been around for a long time, though, doesn't make it the best choice. I think Garner makes room for that.
Do you know how cute you are?? ;)<3
k, now I'm really hatin'!!! Lol. They spoilin yall asses for real! Shiiiiit, coulda saved me about 10 grand back in the day
I need to grab a Snickers and stop being such a diva
the validity of reliability in symptoms, culture bias, normality and medicalization. Another research tactic really.
By the way, talking about profs and teaching generally is imprecise! We have institutions with different missions across the US.
And finally, Market: The Weeknd, Lucid: Ayron Jones and The Way and : The Maldives w/The Moondoggies
#SomeWhereInTheHood #somebody smoking crack
yes sir!!! What's good life??
Listen to a 27yr old Multi-Millionaire who was sleeping on a twin size bed at his dad's house less than 2 yrs ago. Call at 3PM EST...
What do you think of our new website?
Glad I got to work on 2 quilting projects yesterday. It did the spirit good.
“: What's the point of the broom standing up? Someone explain.”
Good Afternoon. We would like to confirm that an email has been sent to you on behalf of our company honoring your request.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." - William James #quotes"
Watching FootLoose, aw the begining is so sad ):
ive bn bck in the us for a while now bt im still astonished whn I stop at a red light next to a beggar w my window down and thy dnt touch me
is my fav hotel. My mom and dad used to take me when I was a kid. Amazing memories. Loved afternoon tea with my mom. Xo
Make your dreams happen.
I'm thankful for everyday I live. Thankful that in God's design he planned it so your path crossed mine. Thank you followers & friends!!!
Learning about Mitticool & other faster better cheaper emerging mkt innovations. Cc:
Finding old high school CDs in your car is like finding treasure.
I'm for stand ur ground. SYG advocates need to flip this on its head & get behind Treyvon's right to stand his. It's upside down
Nice! Those look fantastic!
Great suggestion!! RT: “: needs to have co-host one morning!”
don't worry, is is okay! He just needs stitches on his lip. He was hit in the face with a lifeguarding tube and it cut th ...
« Maybach trying to hoop I might quit my job to go hoop lol» lol u work tomm?
Have you ever got sick of not being able to find any eggs and just steal someone else's...
Hello Sterling how are you? :)
Alright folks. We are headed to New Orleans this Thursday...we've been before but want to hear from you: best food, venue, sites, etc...go
Thanks for the tweet!
Ha! Cool. Look out for a typo or two that I haven't gotten around to correcting.
REI should organize a Zombie survival sale - or a 12/21/2012 pre-apocalypse special.
Today didn't start off right, so please don't piss me off in any way liable to snap asap
we love big bang too, didn't know you guys watch, read somewhere the color of shirt Sheldon wears determines his mood, clever!
loll nice ash
can probably comp u. Otherwise $12 or $15
eMarketer: 'AOL Bets $315 Million on Arianna, Buys Huffington Post to Build 'New American Media Company'' via , - ht...
about 50% of girls cut there hair for this reason... What is it?? answer..for their driver's license picture
You seem crabby today... I think I may avoid your office...
Engraved at Things Remembered: "I.Y.Q Sound It Out"
I am a wreck. Lol
craving starbucks so bad
still do. which is weird for me.. is magic.
I didn't know!
I'm glad you missed up the schedules bro I'm telling jose that you need to prove paper work
My little sister leaves today for four months study abroad in India. So excited for her (and the teensiest bit jealous I'm not going too).
Will rental bikes be available during the Garden Party on the 3rd?
Anyone else #blown Dale Hunter isn't returning to the #Caps next year? We had a good run in playoffs
I do not get here 5 min early so customers can get here 5 min early. Eff off people. We open at 7:30, not 7:20 or 7:25.
#ImHopingThat one day ill be good enough for you.
Wow I love LA after a good rain , air feels and smells so clean. It's the start of a beautiful day, full of promise and possibilities
~ Hey Mark! Follow me? THANKS! Blessings...
my laugh sounds like my brother's
Beastie Boys' MCA died today... This is truly a sad day...
hey we had an off game. Still gonna be a number one seed though!
'When you take a chance, ever wonder who you took it from?'
Have a scotch on City Grocery's balcony for me! & give Richard Howorth a "Hell" as he bicycles by en route to
When you're stressed, You eat Ice cream, Cake, Chocolate & Sweets. Why? Because stressed spelled backwards is DESSERTS. Mind = Blown.
That was just a minor bump in the road! *shrugs*
How many more injuries, Justin Morneau/wrist...
Thanks for the promo I love you!!!
"keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart ...."
My college friends make me sick! They're out for summer forever!!!
RT Please rain <U+2614><U+2601>
I hate choir class.
I know they're dumb but they're also a large majority. People AGREE with Romney, Santorum and all those other jerks.
Used half & half this morning instead of milk
Did you know interned under Carl Kasell from ?
That's my dad's bank! Are you guys working with them now?
Money still the motivation
just the 'coolests'. - RT: Stream a new track from coolest parents around, Peaking Lights, "Westbound."
Help Me Believe.
Thanks for all the b'day wishes. I had a great day and am still enjoying last night's Timbers' win. See you tomorrow!
The fascination of the abomination?
That's awesome! Remember you can use the scheduler in hootsuite to space tweets out instead of flooding your feed all at once.
You gotta appreciate an AG who calls us cowards about race, but when a guera brings up race, to delve into it, she is playing the race card.
That sounds neat ;) Have a nice time!
no I had work. I never get to watch the suns play anymore cause of work. Did they win??
lolz, this is your face.....now watch me punch it.
God don't make anybody ugly! Everybody is beautifull! But IS STILL THE MOST BEAUTIFULL BOY I'VE EVER SEEN!
#IWishPeopleWouldJust Be nice to each other
And strikes out the first hitter lol wtf
Well crap! Thanks a whole lot
Hate to break it to ya like this. The good one's probably showing soon at a theater nearby, though, You can still save yourself.
the story is about my life mainly centered around my absence in entertainment industry. Comedy, inspiring, & dramatic.
": I get my braces off TOMORROW!" OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG :D <U+2665>
Lol!I get so confused looking for people on Twitter. I never know who's who. Heehee
haha me and working on that! asap i promise!
I'm guessing it's too late to get our money back on the Louisiana Purchase.
has finally changed her avi after about 2 years everyone! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
": "i love juice, juice makes me happy, yes. its sweet and it has a lot of flavors." THIS MADE MY DAY <3
Turn me up when you feel low <3
Note to self: #Hairspray goes on my hair, not my mouth -_-
Is it just me or does it seem that O'Brien refuses to run with the ball?
Btw, I'm a big fan of Jon Fitch's new idea of talking smack... at least if that's what he's going for in order to stir things up...
Performing at CHEETAHS, but not in that way...
u guys are wastin my time nd my life I hav a game 2 go play if I die IDGAF!!!!!
Some choices may seem hard to make at first...but in the end the right choice will present itself!
Heat fans y'all just be happy your team ain't the Knicks or the Bulls
I'm not mad at you ... hence the :) face
having a relaxin sunday =]
I know, that's why I was so happy for you. Good job!! 8'D
2012 goals: Learn 2 new languages, travel abroad, shoot more sexy pics, continue mma training, & waste zero time on losers! Whats yours?!?
And Vancouver could ruin the parlay after the first two win! Luongo sucks!
True. But I do not think enough to hurt him too badly. It would be the case if there was strangely low voter turnout
What would music be without sound ?
RT “: The sexual tension on that stage is palpable.”
you do realize that whole is spelled with a "w" right? LOL
Ok AT&T + Verizon. RepublicWireless offering unlimited voice data + text 19/mth. Virgin is $25/mth. Time for you to step it DOWN a notch.
ALWC tomorrow morning 1030AM&6PM. We will be singing the song of the redeemed as we launch into the final leg of our fast - RESURRECTION!
hahahaha, what a punk
you're most certainly welcome! We'll have abt a mth b4 classes start, so we're looking 4ward to discov'g our new hometown ;)
Giveaway coming Soon!!!
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. Buddha
There is no formula with God. Period. So there are no formulas for the person who follows him. - john eldrige
God is great, beer is good, and people are crazy. <3
damn.come celebrate xmas in the old terrazas house and it would have.. this year not so much, otherwise i'd invite ya to cali
Ok I know exactly what I'm going to send u what r u recording on
In my opinion the world would be better without me.
Hoping everyone we know in Oslo is OK. - we're so glad to hear that you are safe. Our thoughts are with you all.
Looking forward to tomorrow's meeting!
me too... Colin is FUCKED UP!
Writing with the talented, future hall-of-famer, Aaron Raitiere today! Pumped!
Its live as fuck up in here
TONIGHT AT ALL ASIA!!! Melissa Myatt and the Chase...6PM
We signed the lease! (FB)
great to hear you're racing in Long Beach! Excited to watch u race again at the beach
Lots of chokin' going on...
Yes, 200 Stuart St. Boston!
are you the fine genre who sponsored this after party at slane
Yes. I listen to mine this way all the time. Assuming the model supports text to speech, headphones will work.
If people never did silly things, nothing intelligent would ever get done. -Ludwig Wittgenstein
great photos, but i can't find it on the Historypin map. you can also embed your content map/list on yr site
I DO NOT STALK YOU. oh by the way, your out of milk. ;}
Anchoring the Morning News on KXL. Need Sleep. Nap time in T-minus 4 hours and counting...
I miss ashley # heart broken
RT if you're online. (follow me I followback)
AAAAAAAHHHHH!!! gotta go... to the fall classic!
Thanks, Steve! Appreciated your advice on the e29 Garage Project for Cleveland Plain Dealer.
#ReplaceAEminemSongWithPizza blow my pizza
when are we doing lunch? ?
ya, DM me please :) Appreciate it!
Dont ask me why I have scars if your the one who gave them to me.
Thank you for coming! RT is doing an a amazing job. Enjoying the UNITY....
Hey,everybody!!...Tell your mothers I said,"Hi!"...Oh..and tell them I'll call them tomorrow..maybe..hehehehehe :3
Didn't get the hype with Spotify. It didn't seem to do anything Pandora or last.fm didn't do already.
I want to be with you, but your too beautiful :(
The spring cocktail list is in full bloom and ready for tasting. Stop in for $6 cocktails and $2 for ANY artisan cheese.
OMG!! Yoda is dying :'(
Thanks again for having us! We loved every minute of it!
waking up and feeling even more tired.. /:<
wats good where u @@??
You can make many plans, but the LORD’s purpose will prevail. (Proverbs 19:21 NLT)
i wanna see it ^.^
anyone know if has a fan mail address??? love to send some appreciation for just being a wonderfully lovely human being:)
Thanks for the shout out. ps- Pt. Reyes rules!
can you play "Sweet Love" by !
Wake Up!!!
Oh the hard house has had me groven all day!!
Angela Perley and Miss Molly Winters will be performing at 3rd and Town St. at The Columbus Marathon on Sunday from 8-10am.
Is there anything better than the moment when a little kid realizes they are on a jumbotron?? Love seeing it in their eyes when they get it.
Fertility is hot.
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right! Henry Ford
Looking to talk to someone who has sold sponsorships for a small company. I have some questions.
I KNOW RIGHT!!! I like died laughing
Your new stuff is super inspiring...you are a true songsmith.
thats a good thing for you.
May 15th can't come soon enough :)
cause you're an annoying bitch?
when is her wedding?
You are too funny! A man of balance, L. ;)
at work fool... But my dads on his way to the house
“: Who is heading to LAS next week? #BlackHat #fb” < see you there. drinks.
lol i had to put thye rest of the tracks/bars on my facebook. evan mario marsh
Forgot one shoe to work. One shoe. How do u forget one shoe?
Every time customers ask your for the service you were PLANNING to give them - you missed an opportunity & opened a door for another.
Austin has too many people that are there JUST for him. I don't know if its good to have him back. They dont care about the others. I <3…
i'm gonna survive! i still have lots of things to do!!! I can't die yet!!!
In legit a ticking fucking time bomb.
So far the classes are easy compared to the rigor in the books. I'm OK with that given how few hours there are in theday
Where can I download the stems/tracks of 's song "The Sun Is Down"? cc:
So sorry I cancelled my first reservation! Lost track of my boss and had to change plans. Look forward to using y'all soon tho!
Where u all gonna watch the game at on Saturday?
South Park :D
Social media more than ROI, need to track all you can get in return.
People online are like bloodhounds in the woods. The find an follow a sent. #testingwins via
tears come easily with a broken heart and its not that mines is broken at all it's just torn in two half for me and half for u :( </3
Man I need too get some sht done asap
Like bitch I'm da shit
Correction: The Mystery Book Club meets at 7 pm, not 2 pm. Sorry!
hahaha i love it #huucrewdoe excellent
trying to make it happen. Still need a partner in crime.
Let's make these last 3 hours BIG! #giveBIG San Diego!
Erin are you ever going to sen me your autographed pics :)
I'm a nerd.
And the dress hunt begins
plzz dont tell me the rumors r true about u justin we luv u no matter wat well sorport u all da way luv u <U+E328><U+E328>
This is an exciting week! Moment to moment I am choosing happy ;)
fuck no. All orange and black over here... Just someone who thinks your cover is pretty weak. I'm sure you'll get over it
Q5: Magazines like Rebook and Woman's Day
Wauwatosa Fire -- M/A fromOak Creek, Greendale and Brookfield. Fire Bell canteen to scene.
Found it. WMLW Channel 7. Thanks for nothing college football (who cares?).
When its best for u to talk its not always the right time for me
next time try the comments on a YouTube video
Four weeks until the next #Fringe !? #WTF #Pissedoff !!
How is Spirit Airlines still in business? Some of the worst policies and service in the industry = haven't flown them in years.
we need to hang soon, ladyloo
#Baskets, #blankets, #food, and #good times. Gotta love Picnic in the Clinic!
If you stop following because I unfollowed you you're petty. I had a reason. It's because your tweets suck.
same to u bunn, and happy new years!
Your "Goodnight" text make you worth dreaming about.
Interesting :) so, what are those 5 questions?
Try pencil and paper?
#flipclass I've had a couple kids make vids both former and current students.
Lunch has transformed my tummy into an arena for battling dinosaurs.
What do I have to do to stop the stalking calls? Yesterday, as an example was 5 times. I have been a customer since '04.
lol...aww mane....what color was u look'n for bruh...
What San Diego bars carry your vodka?
not really looking forward to these next 4 hours of studying :/ faaacckkk
Who's at Marcon today?
The Attitude of Gratitude opens the flood Gates of Blessings. #Jesus #God -- Mother Rose ()
Talked to earlier. We bout to start hitting these streets every 3 months! Starts in June. Stay tuned.
we start at 9
Watch yourself little lady! I will be in contact with your security team tonight.
Yes! Live action Harley #GeekTrivia win! DM me a new question.
lol i will. ill bug the shit out of him until he follows me haha
So sad & weird to see women built like the Tazmanian Devil
Preparing to shoot my latest project (my apt) with photographer John Davis.
It's really not that hard to even fake a personalized looking message. But that ReverbNation shit definitely ain't gonna cut it.
if we could get any actor or actress to do a guest class at teen actor's lab, who would you want it to be?
I'd kick you in the vagina, but im afraid I might lose my shoe "/
What other members of congress and Candidates support #Occupywallstreet #OWS ??
"war on religion". Take another shot!
Great post, incredible story of one person making a difference, please keep posting such inspiring stories! I RT'd!
How do you explain to someone that they're gay, but not. Yet they still are? But aren't?
The peer is farther than it seems.
how was your brunch? My 9 year old likes to call rainy days liquid sunshine!!! On to this week..
Going since 5am. Gads the pool better still be open.
Shot a Family, a Dog, a Quarterback, a Model, and a Newborn today!
- Of course. Isn't everyone?
Wondering how many times people will try to be funny tonight & tweet something like: "At the Hunger Games...at my house! Pizza on the way!"
Friday night crowds...SMH
GOPers: If you liked Trump then Bachmann then Perry then Cain then Newt, you can still hate Mitt but not b/c he changes his mind.-
thanks bro
Hearing all that stuff has put me off you completely
man stll rainin guess im stuck n da house Z!!!!!
haha not to u my Andrew <U+E417>
Chris is coming over so we can start demoing for our cd!
572 is my guess for actual...announced will be 13, 452
Doctors & hospitals like to push unwanted #X-rays/ #CAT scans since its a high margin/ easy money treatment.
RT Pitching well, always been a top prospect : i got him great #fantasybaseball pick up
Palate design, execution, ambiance and service one of the best in the city. Worth every penny and return visits!
Just had a photo Shoot wit
Good Night, okay?
States cooperated and competed for resources, in some cases waging wars
I hate my bus driver she so stupid she writing me up just because I was telling someone to stop uploading a video of me to utube
jillyjill101: I was so naive as a kid, I used to sneak behind the barn and do nothing.
Easter services today across 5 states! centralonline.tv for locations & service times #hoperising Happy Easter!
RT 147 years ago today J. Wilkes Booth was put down like the scurrilous dog he was. R not IP, scum.
Tell her I said happy birthday!
Knew Valverde was going to blow that save before he even took the mount. Love Opening Day!
I just realized how sad my life is that I'm happy it is about to storm so my yard looks better.
Date night with at the Hungry Cat
Why are we up at nearly 1 a.m. consoling a 10-year-old over a lost pocket knife?
my apartment smells like heaven. and by heaven, i mean fresh baked cookies.
Then gonna kill that free buffet
yes! Treat adults like children! Although, they might get confused when they run out of hands....
I wish I wasn't so awkward. But who cares?
agreed RT : Who bought lotto tix?
I like the chances tonight. Wolfy's gonna be effective tonight.
The meaning of life is the meaning you put..live free and die free...#real life
Been going ham lately.
: Kelly looks absolutely beautiful! I know she's naturally pretty, but you made her stunning.
RT Just follow , easiest chance to win $100 #dwebhut, #follow,
Yes we do! RT : has late night happy hour after 10pm Monday thru saturday. Yes.
Thank you again. Keep in touch.
How are you guys?<U+2665>
If #Crosby gets a hat trick, they may have to shut down Consol.
Going to JazzAhead in Bremen next week. Showcasing Vinx. Anybody going? Let's meet up.
you should follow me and becuz we love u <U+2764>
I understand! I hope you find what you are looking for! Mine means a lot to me. I don't know! hahah
Three! Make that Three apartments I'm checking out tomorrow! Ah hah hah hah.
For a tagline line I would def use committed, it just sounds more business like :)
a couple days ago when I jacked u up...
Dreamland! Faiderville! Al Davis is a God-ville!
be there ina minute
Eurosport player plus vpn is the >$10/month pain free solution for cycling pleasure
I didn't know you had depression :'(
Thanks for the shout out. come on in & check us out. We are 30-70% off retail price w/ brands you love from the full line store
People say it's too cold one day.. Then too hot the next.. Be content for once in your life..
You do realize CT can say whatever he wants...right? He makes more money than the rest of us.
May have found a home for Vadelle. She's such a sweet dog I hate to see her go but my dogs are stressed over her. I can't have that.
The only thing I can't stand is discomfort. -Gloria Steinem
Slow-moving Saturday morning.
I'd feel better about it if AJ wasn't pitching Game 4.
Pharrell Sells Beats at $100k a Pop Why Cant You?
: i will never be the kind of women that changes who i am make a man happy
I disagree
“: Twitter is currently the only social network that your parents haven't ruined.” lol
NBA Mid-Season Awards Up on www.benchplayersports.com. Let us know your thoughts on the awards.
twitter is not the new text message sloth
According to a CEIR study, 25% of exhibition mgrs use social media to target audiences, & only 12% of corporate brands use social media.
TONIGHT WILL BE PERFORMING AT THE KINGDOM... BE THERE
Excited to get hired by UNIQLO. I got this ^_^
yes.. will send it.. can you give me the weight of your child.. will make it easier to price it .. Thanks
bahaha I don't miss those days at all.
Thanks Ms Gill ... It's always an honor ... Hope you are well. J
nice blog post for a Monday Morning. Not just whether, but how, to lighten up.
What does do with his day off?
#FF rad girl fronted punk bands:
#koreavalentine How do I love thee? Let me count the ways. I love thee to the depth and breath and height your wallet can reach....
Followback me ! It can be gift for me at christmas (<U+02D8><U+0283><U+01AA><U+02D8>)
for your pro memberships do you have student rates?
Riding with to the car dealership to get my new whip G35
or when you're drunk
no problem! :)
Nothing is so much enjoyed by some men as a practical joke; and the greater the annoyance they can occasion the greater their delight (1850)
Excited to hear that! (:
ill try, thank you so much
Now the #Jets have two shitty quarterbacks.
Done with numbers for awhile there is to many!
So he picked the jets??????? RT : Denver has agreed to trade Tim Tebow and a seventh-round pick to the Jets
Got Prince!
Report marks largest failure rate of U.S. public schools to meet federal standards since NCLB took effect
love the website. I'm sure it gives strength to others.
OMG! I just had my first national comm audition! Woo Hoo! Wish me luck! This is one of my goals for 2011!!
Shabazz been working in the gym for that NIT Appearance next year.
- Hey, thanks for the RT on the 5k event!
i guess that link is a little slanted (just googled the stones and that was first link) it's an interesting monument though...
I feel your pain. Josh walked in with Stack'd and I'm on day 15 of the juice. diet The smell is pure heaven.
Canadian cities like Montreal, Calgary, Edmonton, Vancouver, Victoria, and Winnipeg. Canadians don't understand the Pan-Am Games are (next)
Seriously..I hate that fucking justin bieber..He is such a gay..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
u askked what the prank was...
it is comedy gold Miss Birthday Girl! Have a great one!
and gets done at 12am. There will be live music and so much more. Please visit our website at wildtigerbar.com
The theme 'Unity in Diversity' speaks to the nature&character of South Africa& the mission of the #ANC to unite in their diversity.
nun much doing what i do what about u kuz
Applied behavioral science and modern tech engagement methodologies over big data analytics will be the future for next gen smart grid serv…
are your classes full or something?
Steve Tisch, getting in a shot on Dallas!
Clerk at handled my credit card like it was a #meishi - wondering if that is intentional?
Another day another taff...
•Love is blind and marriage is eye-opener. ---Unknown
IS TODAY THE DAY YOU WILL FOLLOW ME ? ? ? ILL LET YOU DECIDE <3
#PeopleShouldStop Bullying and discriminating. We are ALL created equal. No matter race,religion or sexual orientation.
Goodbye weekend, hello True Blood! Starting fresh and making my momma watch. Far superior decision to Twilight.
Not only is his heart is amazing but he has a sex game to match!
There is an awesome beach just BEFORE the entrance to 17 Mile drive if you come from north. @ Spanish Bay.
Wish Macs weren't so expensive. Ended up buying another PC today bc my last one called it quits last night.
God given gift, so so sad.
Talking poo is where I draw the line.
I suspect so.
Thx for the RT Caleb. Hope all is well!
How many pitches is Lowe at?
Italian restaurant owned and operated by Hispanics???
Been up for 2 hours already...getting all my facts...its car shopping day!
love you tom!
Hi Kim!! Thank you getting this together!
Damn I miss him aint seen him n like a week
What was doing hours before his last round at the #Masters? Tweeting about Easter and celebrating Jesus. Pretty awesome...
I'd like for you to meet the love of my life his name is the game
I love this! RT Plan the work and work the plan.
"Of course we take care of our women. We don't let them out of the house. Imagine the conversations..." Hillary on women's empowerment
Lol hello (: how are U ?
BREAKING: Denver plans to break out emergency side street plow program starting tonight
you both should give hockey a shot
Just sent husband to Home Depot to get a stud finder. Praying he has to ask for help.
#awkward the moments u need sum1, & no1 is there- especially when u show that you care
thank you
I love
in yearbook
the thing i love the most about mike mayock is that he never seems to be bs-ing... that said shut up marshall faulk
not stupid. I think there's something to be said for going out on your shield and not tapping. I can have an opinion.
I judge the severity of every storm by how much my cushions blow around the balcony...eh, wimpy storm
Leaving my frands today.
Giants win a game before Red Sox! Took Zito to get us first win.
The Magic of Monk with Jeff Antoniuk & The Jazz Update starts now!
My dad is the best<3
Wat he said.....RT : And If you're fighting more than you're fucking... it's time to move on.
Most improved player of the yr has to be danny green! Vital part of our success.
The incompetence at the helm of the program is way more destructive than any "gambling scandal"
oh he got that cane goin!!!
ITS TERRIBLE! talk with your family or teachers! im so so sorry! i think its dengerous. ;(
of course i know!! Been waiting for it. I'm surprised it's not being made a big deal. I may move to Canada just for tomorrow
Glad to connect via
Nice, good to hear. How's acting treating you?
Deer Vibes this Sunday May 31st@ THE TEN ELEVEN (formerly The Warhol) 1011 Ave. B with Golden Lights, Western Giants, This Old House & Maxx!
The fact tht the two things back to back on twitter was eww no and the next was whores these days lol
real women drink beer AND johnny walker
Created my first flash graphic today for a website I'm working on!
ohh ok. I like her.. Wish she didn't die.
hahaa for half a second I thought you had ashton kutcher as your profile pic but then I looked closer my bad lol
Live! Jairam calls quitting reports &#39;most juvenile&#39;
It wasn't the best movie ever though
So many people in Old Town for Fiesta Old Town Cinco de Mayo that phones are not working!
middle finger up in the sky
happy mothers day (: today = the day I thank the 3 women who have guided me through my life & who will always be there . MOM , DINA & JASARA
Thanks united for getting me ORD a little early. Sadly i missed the last 5minutes of hawaii five 0 :) ... Glass half empty tweet.
If you're ever back in Madison we'd love 2 have you on Channel 27's morning show. No hair-cutting duty this time
That is at your beck & call with the clap of a hand... yess...
Why buy the cow when you get the sex for free?
Gaining knowledge and losing scruples
are you going??
Today 1875: Madison Free City Library opened to the public, becoming the first public library in the state of Wisconsin.
I had to follow this woman right here, seen her perform and fell in love with her lol, follow ya teddybear back iight
yola... you only lie all the time
If the Cavaliers draft Thomas Robinson they're trading Tristan Thompson
“: Just dropping in to say hello” <-- How are you? Been praying for you. :)
The book, The Call Of The Wild, is an amazing book!<3
What takes more steps lebron driving to the hole or the cha cha slide?
Ah, can we say the same about you all...? thanks for the love!
OMG the SUN is actually out?! WOW
yes u r
spending time in Austin for work. ready to go home and be back to normal. HOw about you?
what's good? Its not my music its !
I still have no idea what that stupid bottle has to do with books
Thanks Ashley! You too... Are your ny plans?
My label: "Airhead" What is your label? #StopBullying 24.
Who you pulling for in the Belk Bowl? I'm behind Loui...I like birds. PS, what is Belk?
History is key factor in plant disease virulence
RT : , Hey Can you replace Beer Money with #twitterbaseball ?
i just LOVE it when politicians play chicken with our lives. How Fun! Now --who's up for a House cleaning?
Saw Amelia Gray read from THREATS tonight. Pretty fucking awesome.
Now or never Crew
OK. Publix's desserts are pretty good. you good...
Amazing to me how many clocks I have to adjust in my home twice a year - something tells me I'm obsessed with time ...
let's do something fun then!!!
RT : You were much better as Shannon Burke's butt licker, you should beg for you old job back
it has to do with the Denver Broncos….stay tuned for clues and details...
Lovin my new phone. Droid FTW!
Really? Damn, it probably didn't go through cuz I did it on my phone, I'll try again on my laptop when I get home :)
The move's a bit hectic but NZ will be a blast...
they are either asleep or they don't care. Some of them will wake up but will it be too late?
#youcantdateme if you can't respect me or treat me like the queen that I am. smh at you playing YOURSELF
We have to tread water for 2 mins with just our legs 0_o ...I need to get these thighs prepared!
Oh don't get me wrong man, I LOVE Orjan's music, but when I think of Legend, I think of AvB, PvD...
Adam and Tony r dating haha
44 more LIKES and we hit 900!!
Its suppose to be hot as hell today and I gotta work. I haven't seen the swimming pool much this summer
Woah. Is that my cue?
face Insanebro...ur ships r sunk, nothing u can do about it;) lol
lol its okayy :) they still really cool lol plus it showed u put time into it :D
About to get ready for a long wrk day tommrow! About to feed zay & bath time it is!!!
I am at the bottom of a puppy pile. #bliss ... P.S. there is some major snoring going on
going to go meet the director!!!! Hooray!!!!!!! movies :)
What kind of a world do we live in where people have no clue what a pop culture phenomenon LOVE STORY was?
we need to partner up. #TeamJoose and
. talks about teaching students how to infer models from using online databases, becoming critical users
Great day on the Lower East Side at and Worth braving the cold to visit!
It feels good 2 hear some1 say "Take care". But it feels so much better 2 hear some1 say "I will take care of u."
IMMA TWEET YU ONE TIME ... !! Happy Anniversary . Lets see if yu see this tweet since it the first time I tweeted yu all day<3
Hollywood Young it's been so long!So excited to be here!Come sling some sammies w/ us til 10!1898 N Young Circle Hollywood
On vacation in LA. Had a fun drive down Highway One. Stopped in Big Sur for massage and soak at Esalen and the Hearst Castle. Nice!
Ive never been truly inspired by an artist until stepped onto the stage of . Hes why Im getting back to my music.
So... The Caps need a new coach, I vote Alan May. Would be interesting.
alright, cool! :) see you there!
I'm going to Philadelphia in 4 days for my 8th grade trip!! I'm soo excited!! :)
If healthcare reform happens, will providers sign up to make less and have more regulation? Only time will tell.
Last night's sermon was on point for me. "Certainty in uncertainty". I feel better already. Confidence is returning. Have faith!
no u aint
nicee (: haha. Are you still gonna be here tomorrow?
New Year's Resolution: To tolerate fools more gladly, provided this does not encourage them to take up more of my time. ~James Agate
miss you James! Can you post some vids soon. Love your cute voice.
jen is phoney nd try play clueless
is at a faculty meeting and feeling a little overwhelmed
LOL. I HAVE TO WAKE UP AT 5 AM. I THINK IM GONNA GET SOME ZZ's.
So glad you came by!
And im over you...just like that^_^ on to the next
wow big pharma advertorial/damage control. You should be ashamed. Boo! You should tell readers when money changes hands.
A crow just flew full speed into my office window. Pretty sure he is dead.
Oh shit I was working all day and didn't get a chance to get tix. Hope they're still avail!
Good news/Bad News about Europe: Good: It'll take another shock or two for the US to reform. Bad: Europe could provide one hell of a shock.
just say, sorry not omg or anything.
I am glad I could be of service, LOL!
New LIVE episode tomorrow featuring Molly Sharrow, Kurt Branagan (), and Mike Buzzelli ()!
Looking for leaders in your organization? You have to be a leader in order to spot a leader.
Hehe I can't, I need to study :o xo <U+2665>
I can only imagine...she was probably one of our "regulars"!
OPC baby! I love it.
"I knew this whole time you were just an asshole and now that things are better for me, you want them better for you."
Thank you for the mention :)
Paris would be cool!
The United States Treasury just took my money.
Listening to Roman Reloaded !>.<!
Aw you won't be for long tho, you're too cute!
Ill start by kissing u up and down ur body. Next, Ill lick and suck on ur nipple til they're puffy and hard...
Dont be a hater! haha RT WE DON'T NEED A SHOT OF THE FUCKING CHEER LEADERS , TNT. TIP BLAZERS, NOW
Speak well of your friends. Pray 4 your enemies. Say very little about yourself. And praise the successes of others ~
I feel lile suffocating my face in this pillow <3 , i have mixed emotions /: , (: , -___- , o_O ,>_< ..
Lunch time Mke. Thats Maki Roll Combo for 11.95 time. Thats 18 pieces of some of your favorite sushi & miso soup. Thats what I call a deal.
are you tracking usage of the mobile site?
Its PRELIMS DAY!!!! Look out world!!!! We came to change the scheme and alter the mood!!!!
Fuck this train. (I feel like I'm back in San Marcos)
They call me Rubber Neck! RT : How do ya say there, milky licker?
Ha. I think he's talked about education needing more money about 4 times.
The secret to having a good birthday is to have low expectations.
Thanks again to everyone who supported us last week! We're excited to have & here this Friday
Just got another "urgent" voicemail from the bank. Are you kidding me?!
well said.
seriously even once and a while is okay but as i scroll down every tweet is sulia. I dont want to have to click to get point.
Tech Lab just felt an earthquake originating in Virginia.
So now I'm writing a video game
would love to create lists on the fly, tag specific tweets (and share)
I am quick to give one of these clowns the business. I am not playin wit none of these little boys
So doesn't work with IE? Nevermind then, i'll stick to pen and paper.
vegetable garden winner was another garden that we judged. north newark reppin!
NOT GUILTY REALLY???
The best part of the work I do (besides learning and loving it) is creatively providing solutions to make lives easier. Back to tinkering!
Sweating #wsop $50k, all 4 of these guys disrespecting the
hey :) are you going to the BD premiere in london? x
Do you pretend that you do not see my tweets?
"Fuck daylight savings time." -SXSW staffers with morning meetings
Does anyone know of a good book about the Crusades?
yes...I will be at Wacker & Van Buren at 12:00 tomorrow
perhaps perhaps!
hey hun, how are you?
Live from Dickstrong Sporting Park, in Cauldronado.
BOWL HI LANES in Huntley tonight and Tomorrow night for the 4th Annual COUNTRY CARES FOR ST. JUDES KIDS benefit! Only $20
i can only hope for you it gets better from there.
how dare you
his nickname is #thebigfundemental. Don't get it twisted! He's the best power forward to ever play the game!
Who would think this lady would walk out her house - in Flats & not wear lotion >.< smfh
Thanks for asking about our VA office staff. Our office is about 6 miles from the accident so our reps are safe & sound ^CH
Since Oprah's departure, all one has to do is make an entire series on one of her episodes.
Any friends who can share G+ invite with me? Thanks!
Be sure to watch us on Daily Talk with D'Andra and Dee today at 1pm!
very nice. That's good for business. Hope the trend continues.
yes on Jewett
“Teaching is only demonstrating that it is possible. Learning is making it possible for yourself.”
hey my dm's aren't working for some reason. But I read the majority, and yes I will.
Heads up- I have pink eye. So if you touch my eyeball be sure to wash your hands before you touch your own eyeball.
When my DD was 3 she really wanted to wear makeup. While she was supposed to be sleeping, she made herself over with markers
Hahaha she stole his car though. this movie is crazy
Congrats to everyone in the TechStars Boston class! Sounds like you're all rocking #tsdemoday!
#ff the absolutely GOREgeous and talented ! She is the best woman a #livingdeadgirl could love!
Hello World!
thanks to the daybreak crew. Hope the risotto served as a nice mid-morning snack.
new site looks great! almost as nice as cleanlink!
I'm into overbites
you should have changed appt. its fine. I am getting past it now...a little.
with raw logs, you're able to apply scripts to organize the data in various ways. (that's what you're seeing via your blog)
What kind of traffic? I have a guy who provides great hosting, on ur own server, and is pretty cheap. Hit me up if u need him.
I've played banjo for about 2 yrs. now and am just around to learning Foggy Mountain Breakdown tonight.
thanks for being awesome!
On the road again...almost to Cincinnati.
should get excited for what TheWife and I have for his big 3-0.
Truly impressive turnout Legal Community Breakfast right now! #
Why did God ever have to make a stupid Xbox live for? Now my bf hardly ever talks to me sence he bought some new surround sound headphones:(
is 25% complete with one of his classes. Summer term is awesome! (Wow! Did I just say that?)
Pool with me, myself and I. Just the way I like it! :)
which would mean that I would have more miles today than you = FAIL
My love/hate relationship with College <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>.
be sure to follow our friends from Baltimore and check out their music!
People ignore me & then get mad when i ignore them back foh yo
Loved, loved, loved kettlebells today SaMo. Yet again, you brought it! :P
So will CHEN WIN first one against us?
Dont feel well.
Oovoo me plz i need to get cheered up ever sense i brought up my miserable memories im depressed D: :((
Mary is the best secret keeper. Later Lavinia.
“: Paying tribute to MCA from Beastie Boys today during Yesterdays Lunch. What can we play for you?”
So if you tweet something and no one reads it, does it still make a sound?
I don't see the hype in Bing,.. maybe there's something I'm missing.
Her organs hurt x)
Thanks! Dan put it together and I painted it--a fun, if extremely time-consuming, project.
How tf Zimmerman get 150,000. He is a police officer.
If the 'E had the intention to sign him as a big man type, then this shouldn't be an issue.
thanks! I am munching as I tweet this! LOL!!
I want to man. Right now I'm for sure coming at end of summer. Might be able to sneak in a wknd before then though.
Dude I know!!
is CRAVING a full and productive rehearsal this weekend!
The fact that you know I'm a jealous person but still continue to do it <<<<
If your dog or cat is vomiting pink or bloody-bring in for exam.
hunger games totaly!!!!!!
Even on my weakest days, I get a little bit stronger :) Thank you !
WHO'S READY FOR A ALL NEW SHAKE IT UP TONIGHT?!? -Because I AM!!!!! :]
call me
I've been great :) & you?
Follow Me ?(:
has he seen the picture?
Luda but more eloquent? ;D
don't forget (drought)
Wife just kicked me out of the house! She said that Ella's nap time is her alone time. I get it, here I come.
Happy birthday
“: I'm not even tired .___.”
My early rising friends should come to Sunroom Cafe and keep me company. No one's here and I'm so bored <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
thanks girl :)
focus on task at hand and do it well
I dont feel like listening music
Fox freaks after Ron Paul wins debate.,
Also, aren't all the icebergs melted anyway?
same dreambro that's that master of funk
Love the pick. All the upside of a first rounder with late 2nd round value. Will block, catches everything and runs like RB
I know that. I mean all their songs are my favorites. ;) I could listen to it all. Of course they couldnt do them all live.
Microsoft BPOS, why do you hate me today? What have I done to you that you should so cruelly stop accepting my password?
#ThankYouAlexConstancio for helping Austy pick out the name "Mahomies". We love it<3
nba finals tweet, had to have one, still hate both teams
Still waiting on my FaceTime date dammit.
It takes Ambition 2make it... With out it u r lost as u was when u started chasing ur
...I forgot there was testing today. It's right now and I'm not even dressed. fml. On the plus side, lunch today with Jewjew&Camille.<U+2665>
#TNI topic and chat right now: world wonders!
#IADMIT I really want 1d tickets for Oakland
Thats how you keep a good attitude Adly good job brotha
What would you think if someone always saying negative things about you ?
Awesome thanks great mention
haha meet at the fountain in 10?? I jump you jump!
Islamic woman's fashion sounded interesting until she said she'd love Ed Hardy-inspired clothes. Apparently bad taste is international.
Headed to Tennessee today...provided I can get on a working plane @ LAX. Heck, , it's already an adventure!
Putin will not attend G8 meeting at Camp David. Cold War Part II?
awww I miss you too!! i need to be on twitter more lol ob-la-di ob-la-da!!
People who cannot pick up their feet shouldn't be allowed flip flops.
When she says the sweetest things <3
I'm really sick, I got my boyfriend sick, and I got my best friend sick. I'm such a great person.
ya, Julie! Laugh some for me. Love Jens :)
Ik it sucks and my mom lives in pa and I can't go!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
"If I get raped ill squirm like the floppiest fish you've ever caught" bnasty everybody
If I see someone retweet that ghetto ass bitch alexis miller again I'm unfollowing you. Tired of seeing hoes on my timeline.
R.I.P. Charles "Skip" Pitts
Lauryn's sexual references >>
Free extra beer week passport available! Pickup near all day or later tonight. inquire within. :)
Hey golf fans - exciting news here! The new&improved Peter's Party website is set to launch tomorrow, Tue Feb 8.
ASU vs Illinois will be shown at Fatso's Pizza in HD on Saturday at 4pm Only on the Big Ten Network
the lakers let down in the final minute is proof that they made the wrong decision with respect to their coach....terrible choice!
Awesome! Let me know if you need anything.
Just what I need- more distractions. Chap 15, would you mind writing yourself?
If only you had my mom, you could keep reading.
Today was a productive day of script revision. Tomorrow its off to shoot the first episode :D
Stay tuned for some great new changes coming to Chewpons in the next few weeks. Stay with us...it will be worth the wait! Happy Weekend!
School starts August 8 and there is still time to sign up!
Julian Adams "Accidental discoveries for the Prepared Mind" I like that!
Cloaks are of velvet and cloth, principally. Merino is not worn nearly as much as in the past few seasons. (1850)
RT : "I feel like a miracle." - Rashida Jones, after tracing her matrilineage to Latvian Jewish extermination
Haha! I QUIT!
damn Austins sexy....
flying back to Cali after a two week absence when you in LA
We up NY this Saturday for 's event too!
are you kidding? It's the entire Visalus marketing campaign! I'm sick of the lies.
"I love the iconic boys" no clearly you don't if you can't even spell their name correctly
TGIF!! Come down for $7 lunch, happy hr starting at 3:22pm and BREWER tailgaiting! Buy 1 drink and get a FREE shuttle to & from the game!
thanks hot mama!
RT RT I honestly don't pay attention to basketball until finals..
you saw the other one right?!
Bubba begging to have a two-footer or less - geesh
What happens when an #abortion clinic employee accepts #Christ? #Novel, Alternate Choices available on #Kindle & #Nook. www.traceyperger.com
Love hurts [yeah yeah]
Thanks for RT'ing Clare.
's next login will be with a "q" on the end because she keeps hitting it anyway.
Oh my god my candy penis melted onto my phone last night!!!
Just ONE of the many ways I know it's real is...when she's gone, I really don't wanna do shit but Chill by myself...she's my best friend
RT if you skateboard
how about that combo 5' conveyor dryer/4 station/2 color?
The best Apple IIe game: TAIPAN
Diego Milito is forever overlooked in this world. such a shame
That Ravens film says YOU are gonna kiss da baby
40% of "we the people" are Homer Simpsons. Don't know what Congress or Senate much less the President can do, or who
I'm excited about the imminent beginning of basketball season!
I would do it, but I don't know enough about Diablo. Never played it.
LMFAO yes.. you didn't see that trending?
Love you girl! Thanks for the #FF!
good luck to your Elite 8 teams Wright boys. See you all in the Final Four 2013!
tbh I was invited the other day an I totally forgot until this morning sorry :-(
Guy @ walgreens: "y do u have a blue jays shirt on?" Me: "uh cuz I <3 " Guy: "that suppose to mean smthing?" -_-
Awake early and watching South Park. Last night of work this week. Jane's Addiction Friday. Comic convention Saturday. Life is good!
Bruce: a GREAT gospel tribute to late bandmates.
its hard to believe the 8th grade dance was a year ago and im almost a sophomore..
So... This week, eight cup cakes, beer, wine,chili and chips apparently helped me fit in this Talbot's dress I bought two years ago. :>
I'm digging it, it's a little Katy Perry-ish (not a bad thing) and you sound really good :)
Couldn't have asked for a better day. Way to work Blazers, great weekend. Time to keep working and winning ballgames
"Bureaucracy takes social grievances and turns them into personal problems" Chris Lasch
saint pattys is Saturday...
Interview in 13 hours. I'm so nervous and excited. I would live to have a job. Lol
Random thought: Honesty isn't always the best policy.
Thanks mayor! We welcome all #NOEW visitors to drop in & say hello! We're excited to be in the middle of the action for #NOEW!
really the one day i leave late for work columbia parkway is closed for a mudslide. fuuuuuu. so annoyed. tonight has to get better <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Our shirts rock!
The highest paid BLACK MALE ACTOR in hollywood is not Denzel Washington or Will Smith. It's actually Samuel L. Jackson! $90 million a movie!
Yellow diamonds in the light and we’re standing side by side as your shadow crosses mine what it takes to come alive .
I will see if dot com can post it on line.
wow. It should've said I like dex. Not that I am downplaying sex but made tweet awkward
two candidates said "I'm just sayin'" in last five min
are you saying Goodell's penalties were a condition precedent to the lawsuits? I disagree. Lawsuits focus on Pre-Goodell conduct.
Gregorian Monks like to Chant, but only
i'm doing a poetry reading at the amsterdam cafe in san francisco (937 geary). open mic from 8:00-11:00 pm. be there!
Im watching wicked tuna
#IMPD releases the name of the 2nd #Lighthouse Charter School student taken to His name is Edward Tindall,he's 7.
A5. makes me pretty solid avatars. I hope she gets some HTs.
Thank you google for free wifi at cruising altitude!
I know, me to. My moms starting to get mad cause I haven't had a job for like a month now lol
Looking foward to something later in the day just makes the day go by so slow
Kassian trending on twitter!
I have a cute and muscular security guard walk me to my car everyday after work! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Why is my dad tryna make me go on bad girls club
what did you send me
Right back at cha...u loves you. “ it was so good to see your face today lovely...had been missing u. :)”
ugh im so bored
Remember that we have Farmers Mkts this wknd - Pearl Market Sat 9-1 HGD Foods will have LOTS of gluten free breads and pastries.
I literally feel so sick I feel like crying cuz I am working a lot and it doesn't help my sickness ugh.
Heyo!! Thanks for the follow!! What a great website. Any fashion designs featured?!
Bed time after a night at Disneyland with .
Plan B
Getting new tires so I can pass my inspection.
Watching your show right now and have to ask, are you a big fan of old school punk rock?
Bit of a disjointed start for the
Crushes = stupid things! Dropped in unannounced at one of D's gigs after not hearing from him for 4 days. Didn't go great.
Q1. They have multiple functions. They can provide a visual representation that then increases content retention.
Tomorrow is the final day to sign-up & receive the discount. Check out the Mark Clayton Football Camp website at www.footballcamps.com
Lol i take it she not black lol RT : i had to fav #oomf picture tweet last night! lol
Felicitationes! That was my BA major as well. Bona Sors...
well done. Do you have a relative who moved to germany recently?
2.6 million gone out the window
Working hard to figure how next steps....Business is such a roller coaster. Up, down, up, down....
Eyes getting low
Let go and let God have his way.....
welcome to Austin! Come join us for a Mixpotini at the #AAPC Reception, scan our custom QR code & enter to win a NEW iPad!
I agree in to no crash,but I do think a decline of proportion is in order with,of course, the very slow recovery you mentioned
Didn't know u could fracture ur neck with a sudden sneeze.. guess I just found out
Thanks, Barry! I will definitely check them out. Found Wix over the weekend, but will look at this one too. You are 'da Man'!
James Harden is cold
how did you do that? I love it!
nice! How'd you arrange that!?
Wow. Directing fellow actors is a pretty awesome experience. Learning a lot :)
19TH!!!!!! need tix then tell me!
Luis Palau Board is such a blessing. Godly, wise and encouraging. Great board conference call.
Ok no problem angie :DD See ya
Cool down with one of our Jolly Rancher Chillers in Cherry Orange, Watermelon, and Green Apple!
it's pretty awesome & I think you should ;) merrr
With Patrice in the room after getting injured, who else would lead the #Bruins back but David Krejci.The man has been on fire the last week
Salsa tonight at Elements! Perfect evening for dancing under the stars in KC!!! Power & Light next to the HR Block building. starts at 9:30
I can't decide which color to get ugh!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Two Peanuts were walking down the Street, One was Assaulted!
Heard from a variety of sources that hookups made at #alamw10 are being rekindled at #ala10. DM any details. ;)
for you "I'm single not because I don't pray for love. I'm single because I don't play around with love" <3 you!
No trust or belief in me whatsoever, tragic <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
#SongOfTheDay You Loved Me Anyway-Sidewalk Prophets
from iStrategyLabs will take the stage as our closing keynote
Commission discusses Assembly districts in So Cal
people who do too much <<<<<
At the airport the TSA agent took away my Axe body spray. Presumably because it made me dangerously sexy.
I have now learned every time I'm excited a game (and hence work) will end early, always comes back in my face
I'm feeling some type of way right now
<l----- Colorado Hip Hop www.ReverbNation.com/Cynical303
I think that's keyword for his penis was smothered in chocolate!
Has anyone got their parked domains to work with google?
I'm taking xanax and wearing a hoodie. I'm screwed.
What Should I Do in Hawaii? - About - News &amp; Issues
Car GPS Buying GuideOemCarGPS Blog - gps units for cars
Not looking forward to the shopping that still needs to be done :(
Two phils tickets available section 139 row 18. hit me up if interested
Another early morning with FFA tomorrow. Ugh, all my Saturdays are taken away because of it.. I miss my #lazyness!
Also, ask me about my corner of the graph. Won’t post it, but I’m connected through S’s H, and I’m ~7 removed from Trev’s ex.
thanks you!
lol I'm sure u used the gun cheat more than u stole cars on there
what kind u want lol
"The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said." — Peter F. Drucker
Follow digital preservation conference at #fp2012. And just in case #digpres is a hashtag, there it is.
I'm starving and I can't eat until two hours until the numbness goes away :/ .
great stuff Joe. You have a real hit on your hands.
I'm disappointed you won't be there - hoping Anaheim would be the time to get the gang together!
Buy 2 dvds get a baby chic free
I wanna do something tonight
y is that
don't get me started.
Thank you for your very kind words and for flying with us here at MKE. Happy travels and we hope to see you again soon.
All Caps - Madvillain
4am calls about me!!! I'm flattered
YOU!!!!!!? (SORRY FOR ALL CAPS I AM JUST SO EXCITED.)
I don't know why..... You definitely didn't work hard enough today to be tired!!! RT : Man I'm tired..
I think this falls under #humblebrag, but all this Twitter attention thanks to Axford's note is incredible and a little overwhelming.
back to sleep
Winter rec league is on for Saturday morning! Check website for times www.midatlanticvolleyball.com
What a coincidence!
Congrats on the Nomination!
happened to me too xD
hey, where's the 1500' statistic from? It sounds true to me.
That's a whole lot of rhetoric, Romney You didn't even say what you'd do to lower the deficit. Saying defeatist is not a Business Plan.
#Wrestlemania Sunday! The greatest day to be a wrestling fan on Twitter! #WWE Universe belongs to the tweeple tonight :)
#oomf nose is EPIC big G, like if she breathe in we wud all die of loss of oxygen
Go Kansas!!!
Picotero, 2008, by Monareta is more like the set I saw at #swsw. The new album, Fried Speakers, doesn't hit me like their live set did.
"Who do I have to blow for someone to invent an invisible cloak?" -Me everytime I go in public
Prince as early artist to create music about sex & the internet with song "My Computer"-AOL sample, record scratch
tough comparison: movie-star vs pol. Plus nightmares of Tony Kvaric prolly added a few more years to his face
Thank you!
like the writings where she gets right into talking about the movie. The ones where she critisises other critics get old.
3rd Panel: Rapid Technologies and Our Future {Innovation leaders from , Public Knowledge, JHU, State of Maryland}
RT : Oh, you love the Twilight Saga? You have great taste in literature.
Jellyrolls piano players are playing man in the mirror...missing you,
Thanks for your contributions to the 'blogosphere'. Appreciating meaningful discussions about aid and development!
Will be sitting in on #realwplearn I'm a rookie at this so here goes!
What If It Girl is Ridin Solo?
I need to agree with all of you. I avoided that drink more than all the others.
No please come in and turn the light on then leave without turning it off. I love that
tampa baby
don't tell me about it. I bet it's the worst feeling ever. Lol
I am so tired of #TamponCommercials #WTF NO its not just like a bandaid!
Almost drowned in her pussy so I swam to her butt.
Wis. GOP legislative leaders Fitzgerald brothers defend handling of budget in light of new $143 million shortfall projection
I def will!! Miss you too! Is your pi day out of this world?
Let's go Bucs!
Money make everything possible
I'm your worst nightmare
Yes, I do. I use the free space offered to me
those pupusas puputta me to sleep
Kinda sounds like me and Nickelback, haha! We are fanatics xD
Want to maintain your wood floors? Ask a flooring professional at SelectFloors about the proper humidity needed to keep wood from shrinking.
we have just moved to our new place and I already have a regular group of people that come visit me I love it
those brooklyn ales make me miss new york! and especially drinking beers in new york.
I miss watching Scooby-Doo everyday at 12 after coming home from kindergarten.
Never understood why you would leave Ray Allen open
We would love to see this a regular thing, too! Thanks for coming over today!
2-1 Pacers. Not so unstoppable anymore heat :*
Voodoo Brewing is fresh from their win as Best Overall Brewery @ Erie Brewfest & we'll pour their magic tomorrow from 6-8pm @ our sampling
I think monster sex peaked in 2009 /cc
#FF Don't forget what it feels like to push your mind and body beyond comfort. It is an invigorating feeling! RT if you agree!!!
You make us PROUD!!! Enjoy for today, practice hard tomorrow, win this weekend!!
is at #FSC2011 in Dallas for the next few days -- Booth 223, be there!
idk how to do those lines so ill use these * instead *crying* :"( I REALLY MISS YOU! D':
about to start working on recording a collaboration for Bill Ie a.k.a. Dusthead's next album
Being an intellectual creates a lot of questions and no answers
I follow u =) follow me back? =)
Thank you Lauren!!!!!!!!!!!! :) We had so much fun with you ladies!!! hope to be there again soon! :)
Haha...I knew that didn't sound like you!
Finnegan's wake
Happy Easter all! Have a great day!
Cream cheese!
if I ask you on here you wont tell me the truth!
don't sweat it. The big equalizer will be all those trees!
oh snap.
- that is great to hear; glad its generating results for you.
Yes, know them. Went to college with Matt. Attended my current church before I moved to FL.
of course! Thanks for following me :))
Using this new phone makes me wonder why they never made them like this the first time. #trialanderror I guess
Follow the signs to our Green lounges, located nearly every other intersection. Keep those potties working all night long!
Late night smoke breaks. Oh the memories
You can tell when they feelings hurt !
Possession of the ball is the key to winning in football, basketball, and the game of life. ~ Laing Burns, Jr.
Lord of The Rings: Return of the King Extended… BEGIN
Watchu know bout that? So cute & fat Let him hit it once & watch the dude come back 'Cause the back so stacked it's like sittin' on a jack..
Why would u invest in public companies if they are not going to hire. U are better off in Vegas. WallStreet continues while US crumbles.
Warm soup...so cold in NY today !
I love swimming, dancing, and singing too :)
There are still a lot of lyrical artists,but they get overshadowed by drug addicted rappers with A.D.D lol. And the kids look up to this SMH
That was surprisingly much easier than finding someone to go to a concert with me. I'll figure out exactly how we "get in."
“: It's weird not having at a competition. #DancerProbz #disappointment” --
im cold bc it's cold here but do you wanna see my new shirt
A conscience is what hurts when all your other parts feel so good.
My body feels like I've been hit by a bus.... #massage ?
#ff to keep up with the Pacific
To be truthful, one reason I'm rooting for St. Louis is because I don't want to see Rick Perry claiming credit for a Texas win.
That is a lot of course work, what do you want to be when you grow up?
Today's Soups: Spicy Chicken Fajita & Cream of Asparagus
Mcdonalds drive through guy trying to make conversation.
Was that really an earthquake in the Baltimore area, or was it just Brandon McKinney arriving?
is DA MAN!
Power went out?
You ARE an enabler!!! haha.
It's sweet when someone knows every single detail about you. Not because you constantly remind them, but because they pay attention.
Thanks bb ill be surw to heck it out
Saw a cute guy today and I think he was looking at me ;)
The victim was alive at that point, and had been knocking on doors seeking help.
RT : This chuck and shaq show is more entertaining than the actual match
At 40K, realized story starts 2mos frm where I was writing. So, starting over-ish... will get to 50K, then will have to reread/reshuffle
So people like to be douchbags on Facebook. That's cool.
Q4) We are small firm, when 1 of us attends a conf., we dedicate our next staff meeting to sharing what was learned
can I borrow 5 bucks ;)
especially in the blackberry days
Keep spinning him!
What lane on the highway do you prefer? Fast or Slow Lane?
what are u going to do crazy!
I feel like all the shows I watch are ending next year. Maybe I will be one of those people who stops watching TV? (Unlikely).
You are wise! M, Boulevard.
Yeah, it bugged me that he slighted you like that!
yes, that is it! All donuts all the time. I think I am on target to put on 20 lbs by Friday! :-)
I pray I didnr fuck up my relationship with I love u to much I pray we work this out love u
Hey they're having a GF cooking class next Sat at EarthFare at Morrison. Thought of you!
Dance classes!!!! JOM then back to studying :(
Talkin down on my name wont get u very far, incase u havent noticed.
If I had a dollar for every time one of these kids said "like"...
Loving what is doing with tonight's lineup for the Fish. it's gonna be a great one tonight against the Teddy Bears.
Arsenal came into this game down 4-0, but they've scored 4+ goals 5x this season. They put in 5 against Chelsea & Tottenham and 7 vs B'burn.
it was really cool! lots of awesome local bands..how's everything with you?
will be cracking tomorrow! spinning Live! Arrive Early & Book your Tables!
WOW ! amazing facts u rock
Congrats KB! Go make the most of it. You're going to do a great job.
Ah messed up on my flight time and an hour & half early to the airport! Oh well time to read something, anything or watch game!
almost off *harlem shakes*
If you fall in love with 2 people, pick the 2nd. If you really loved the first person, you wouldn't have fallen for the 2nd.
well i g2g now bye
< u dead ass wrong! Damn dat boy need a head band on
To the nice lady who saw us perform on the Spoke N Art ride with Yes, we'd be delighted to play at the Huntington Garden.
Haha awesome! Looking forward to having you join us :)
Just saw this. And yea I am lol RT My friends are so smart.. just told me something I didn't know LOL
You a bluff be real....ijs.... But I guess thts just hard for ppl like u....
More like "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Shitty"!
Thanks for RTs and mentions!
glad to have you in Baltimore man. Unlike Milwaukee there is actually attractive women here. WITHOUT mustaches!
Are you seeing any "mini-moons", ie a weekend getaway right away with a full honeymoon later?
- at an hour over due - finally get the store - "on its way, 30-45 minutes" I can WALK to the store in 15.
Listening to live old-school, bluesy country music while shopping for wine. These guys are really good. Unexpected entertainment.
Check my TL, it's on there
you at the studio???
thank you (:
Back on Twitter
#Taurus are always clear about the fact that - You need to know your role Jabroni !!!
Tell me about it lol! :DRT : I hate when I get that one text where I’m just like, how the fuck do I reply to this?
Oregon Sasquatch follow Skittles rainbow. Dip in mud puddle. Crunch. Seski like.
haha, crazy. Nope, not too bad. Pollen? I'll be all over NC the next few days.
What a day
indeed it is. unlike our team, you're on a roll.
": If you could compete in any sport at the #London2012 #Olympics, what would it be? #100Days" Stadium Jumping or Dressage.
Look on db really quick
I should've never gone to sleep at 8 now I can't sleep..
....As eats at 2Vine and I'm eating a $7 cheeseburger plate from Carmines. Hope his tastes as good as mine.
I just forwarded this tweet to my brother, who was very pleased. :-)
Great talk by Joey Gonzalez on graph-parallel algorithms and #GraphLab today at
Time to see what been up to
Can we please put KG back in now???? Damn it!
soon, my friend, you will.
lol yes it does -.-
If you want a learning activity to be linear, don't show upcoming steps. Just make learners move through it sequentially.
I just quick pwned my iPhone! I'm loving qik!!!n
Can u help me
My great grandma should NOT be driving. I feel like I'm about to die!
You need to try Biggby coffee if you go to AHML some time. Our favorite.
Thank you for participating in #MamasDay2012! Can't wait see what you've prepped!
RT : Possible tornado on the ground in Addison moving up the Tollway.
Im 18 fucking years old and im grounded for 3 weeks :/. Can't believe this shit!
Set Fire to the Tampon - Adele
What am I doing today, Pinky? Why, the same thing I do everyday. Try to takeover THE WORLD!
one day im going to be famous
. "Expectations of students' technology skills not always accurate" me: Thank you! This is the biggest misconception
Can you name a player more intimidating than Derek Elston wearing a face mask?
Anyone have a great online SEO tool to test headlines, keywords, etc.?
You guys look awesome!
Nice! Link me to pics when you post them. Where are you going?
cool! what's up?
Shoutout To My New Followers !!!
With all the Czars --What about an Underwear Czar? One out of the boxer suggetion: All air travelers should wear thongs to reduce storage
I like watching all the comments automatically coming in.
Sanka, you dead?
Ever since...like.. May 6th..we have basically gotten Non Stop Monchele.... BLESS THIS WEEK.. BLESS THIS DAY.. BLESS THIS LIFE. JUST..BLESS
All that && ion even have to be here !!
figuring out the twitter phenomenon. not sure that I want to
For such a close game, it is very boring and seems awfully quiet in Indy.
News out of the bullpen, Mike Ferrin reports that I have a receding hairline
Have a great week everyone. May you all be blessed with happiness and peace.
I remember when the boys had less than 1 million followers.
Grrr...can't stand waiting at the doctor's office.
I love that Martha Stewart also has a thing for golden raspberries; can it please be summer now?
It's to early for all this...
Good Morning Beautiful People!! Happy Tuesday A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds. Francis Bacon
i found the 6th episode! I can't find the 7th yet:( did you finish up to five?!
Oh wow #Raw is trending. Guess Brock Lesnar busting John Cena's lip caused some commotion
haha thanks she's doing okay now! :) I have no idea what topic i have, what's yours? Shit i forgot deviance..
RT Red Sox yielded a record 9 SBs tonight (we're only in the 5th inning), tying record set Oct. 3, 1913 at DC.
what's your question?
Time change messes with my head, but love that it's light out later in the night. Helps that it's a gorgeous day!
Jordan hill and ebanks need to get PT in the future.
hahahaha, LOVE that show :)
Hi , how's it going over there?
we do that because we are VERY disappointing on you! I thought you were amazing but you turned out to be a fake person.
#skrillex is like Salvador Dalí on my face
don't know if you have a toastmasters word yet? 'Supposition' (n.1.The act of setting aside, or of giving up.) A word to know!
is life beautiful u cheater.. Reporting u!
RT : Only 3 provisional ballots left to count. Mark Mitchell wins!
Biden thanks Dr. Pepper at campaign stop. Gingrich scolds Aunt Jemima for the diabetes.
Tell a girl she's beautiful a million times, and she'll never believe you. Call her ugly once, and she'll never forget it.
Headed to Rogers to attend church and watch a little football with my dear friends and
its gettin there! Still deciding what it wants to be. I'll be good when there's some consistency. Headed to nyc anytime?
I think I will use my Jedi mind trick to get what I want today!!
Didn't you see Nokia was included? Too small to see? Okay, maybe they weren't, but I'm still hoping they turn it around.
Who's down to go to Luby's? I'm DEF feelin like a Luby's kind of dinner.
as soon as Rose went dwn im seeing nothing but go Miami now. And bulls aint shit but a week ago everybody saying go bulls
sending my positive thoughts along with it, Rachel! Keep us posted.
haha I had to have Tanner push me....i was so lost.
I wonder if she notices that I retweet about every single one of her tweets.
thoughgt 38 was just an estimate
I spent yesterday talking to high schoolers about life as a journalist.Their enthusiasm for life is so infectious, I still feel it today.
I can have a Black Bear care package heading your way. Shoot me an address
naner naner i know who won The Tiniest Tiger hipster bag! Tune in tmrw am btwn 8-8:30am EST to find out!
If You Aint Real. I suggest you know how i feel? No friendship at all. Fakes are the ones that you need a break from.
Good things come to those who wait. Wait too long that shit gone be gone.
good point ... he can stay as long as no more wild pitches
a walk to remember is one of my favorite movies!!!
sweet! I just had one of those on Monday (except I went for the 3x3 Animal Style :)
What time is tipoff?
Thanks for watching! LOL.
love you nicki !!!
Casting! Do you know anyone in a bad relationship? Is it time for a love intervention? Email your story to:
what's the news?! I don't think i can wait until then! :)
Have fun my friend
19: Giving away 2 tix to sat nights game in NE plus airfare & hotel! RT this & follow me and !!
this is the first lent in years I've taken somewhat seriously. I'm coping by stocking up on some nice post-Easter libations :)
Great job last night, despite we ambushed you with several new songs :) -KC
"Great discoveries and improvements invariably involve the cooperation of many minds." - Alexander Graham Bell
its Austin!
Happiness is not a destination it is a way of life
Caesar's walks that fine line between tourist trap and genuine nostalgia for old TJ. And the salad *is* amazing.
": 4th HR allowed by Santiago in 6 1/3 innings". #whitesox need a closer. A double A pitcher won't do it. Next!
thats why you go to the mall and junk a while before it starts lol
Children need love, especially when they do not deserve it. ~Harold Hulbert
Looking sheepish that he was caught, one of the puppies was found to be having peoplefights in his backyard. Bad Puppy. Bad.
Angry spouses are not fun!!!!!
Today was overpriced yard sale day in West Seattle apparently. $100 items belong on eBay, not your skanky front yard.
Josh Hutcherson is not in DC yet STAY TUNED
Happy 1 Month to the most amazing boy in the world!! :D
Online sellers (flash sales, wholesalers and secondary market) should take adv of prod review content to drive sales. Klaggle is solution
Peppers ate up another RB
great show
wow you're following 11K but I'm not one of them :(
Thanks! The biggest smile was on my face when you replied :D I would love it if saw my video :)
florida bound in about 17 hours.
Why my son DJ just told me he wants be a dj? Lol so his name will be DJ the dj? O_o
#oomf is so annoying
Fertiliser sector expected to post losses for first quarter of 2012 - The Express Tribune
u too man
And BOOM! Just like that Dan Cox is 30.
Si! Those were turbines and a shit ton of them. Saw the bodies go by a couple of months ago...
Felt good to be back. Good to see everyone killing it today. See you tomorrow guys. AM get ready for Liz:)
Audition tip #12. Be professional & courteous but just a "little" cocky.
Ha, ha! That can mean ANYTHING!
R.I.P Maurice Bernard Sendak June 10, 1928 - May 8, 2012 Childhood would not have been the same without you.
Mom just got mad at me cuz I got on her about cigarette smoking.....smh
how have I not done this 27 times?
you can send it to
Lol <<< one of the hardest words to reply to then theres i love u
“ Nipples: Nature's thermometer.”
I am all about this. And bk nets season tickets 2013
Follow Friday! Follow my dear brothers in Christ and !! God is using them for BIG things!!
glad you liked it :)
And yes, tweeting about basketball is just my way of avoiding studying for Criminal Procedure.
MT : : How will seniors fare if #Medicare premium support doesn't increase w/ health costs?
I love Walmart :)
thanks Tucker!
No lose talvez
"Past performance is not a guarantee of future results." But what else is there?
I have to rearrangemy bedroom this weekend and clean
find the closest Italian family with the thickest accents :)
idk i was gonna go with u so i could tell them, but only if they ask what level r u in, say 4 nd if there like can u do a flip(c)
“: “: Is ANTM coming back?”- HECK YEAH! SEPTEMBER 14TH. ALL STARS. ALL THE FAVE GIRLS!!!” OH...MY...GOD!
During the day I am not doing anything, I'm not sure about Later tho. I want to see avengers so maybe we can go early
how's the offseason treating you champ?
I need to move out. :/
It was GREAT because it had just snowed and there was a lot of powder! :) I'm likely going next weekend too.
Are you being a Cheap Date this Valentine's Day? Let us know your #PGH plans with your sweetheart.
So long,bitch you did me so wrong!
nice to have here to talk to about his Mike Wallace connection.
You dont have to talk to me ever again......
just brush em off!
“: trumans was live! ” #TeamOn1 all day
Hi my name is Bert. I'm a real person contacting you. And I tell you this bc I'm trying to promote my film, "3rd Wheel"
Gained some weight I see.
I will begin following people in just a minute.
there were several. all I know is no one seemed to look at me as we tweeted ...
Thanks ! I have been taking a look there. Some great documents have been posted. Very helpful!
Loved the retirement presser!!! Good stuff!!
Excited to meet now that the and deal has gone through
Coach called into Kyle already for a team and will call back if I don't get one here at twitter. Thanks for all you do
1D i mentioned them to you remember ? :)
Some days are a walk uphill. Thankfully tho, the view from the top is something to look fwd to.
If you can't write, you gotta sing.
Physical Therapy is the highlight of my day.
Shoutout to the new follower #teamfollowback < follow!
The People embody the power, drive and wisdom to prevail against ignorance, greed and lies. United we stand.
The highest form of ignorance is when you reject something you don't know anything about.
Awww #TMZ totally ripped Angie apart for her GORGEOUS dress at the #Oscars last night :( She looked amazing, leave her be.
Going to San Diego's tomorrow at Fluxx -- who else will be joining?
He has come to bring new life to the world.
great. It's still not over. I went to church and there was surprises and then we went to woodlawn now were on our way to eat
Thank you for the follow!
I absolutely hate when girls talk ghetto!!! Nothing annoys me more
Broke a glass...Isn't that bad luck?
Cary Brothers cover is also worth checking out.
I'm doing great :) how about you? I miss you!
ok I listened and downloaded :) its really good! Follow me!
heck no, Clint's ready for a bigger club
hm just ate about 75 tootsie rolls (:
When I feel frustrated, I recognize that I need to turn inward and ask Spirit for help.
RT : Open your arms to change, but don't let go of your values.- Dalai Lama
This morning I saw a man on a horse crossing Ridge Avenue around Allegheny. I still don't know what to make of it.
lmao “: i hate when girls i fuck bother my friends -__-”
YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYA(: CANT WAIT FOR THE USTREAM !(: im Jolly!! <----did you like that vinny?(:
guess you never been to Wisconsin
Um, Eric Bledsoe just threw it to himself with a dribble, caught it, and started dribbling again. Pretty sure that's illegal
sounds strangely delicious....bet it works
“: #iWantARelationship where??.......well i just want a relationship!” oh i can help!! Lol :D
-It's over. You know you can do it. On to the next event.
Just pulled the funniest prank on adrian >:D
He eat my ice cream and i eat his ice cream cone.
THAT is dedication!! lol
|| fair enough
What is with this halftime show on E? Is Ryan getting a new tuxedo? Get over it Seacrest, we've all spilled worse things on our clothes.
Just as soon as our hot soup gets here!!
I love you Sky diving in full effect.
YOU DON'T LISTEN NICK!!!
im eating gum and drinking a coke.B)
if you really love me, youll understand my decision and respect it
got you !
This book looks really interesting, and tempting as a purchase.
Session II of SAT Prep starts this Friday! Mention this tweet and get a special discount when you register for class :)
it's where I work now with D, just got promoted :)
RT : great website! thanks for the follow and I look forward to tweeting with you. - Thanks! Wishing you success!
Despite my ghoulish reputation, I really have the heart of a small boy. I keep it in a jar on my desk.
Especially next to 's vampire ass...
Hanging out with a cripple. #goodfriend ;)
I like it ;* just these guys at school creep me out
Then there's the stunning and always awesome and
what is the name of juco PF with FLA offer ? Thanks.
Apologies to those whose events and openings of earlier this week were missed.
Hi Joel! How are you doing today? <U+2665> Wish i could meet you someday :-) Much Love! Reply pleasee?.?
With labor unrest also an underlying theme this week, the NFL and its players union will meet on Saturday in the Dallas area.
What The Fuk It Do Fools!
Don't forget about the Fireball Friday party this Friday at Melrose. I'll be there. So will the Fireball girls.
Told myself not to fall in love I'm to young for it 19 wit a lot planned and love is unexpected u just have to kno how to ignore it
Just think, several people who left home in good spirits this morning, will not return home this evening.
Seriously thinking about shelling out $60 for Max Payne 3 right now. Any input on the game from people who have played it?
Twitter I've missed you! New job--CAN'T use social media. Gutted.
Finally seeing #TheVow with and
Go eat at Grotto on Beacon Hill. The Intercontinental is a really nice place on the water.
Flank Steak.
#PCA really people om starting to think you all are couch potatoes
and I also vote theatre over theater :)
LOVE one another...always.
Thnx for the #FF & right back at ya! Have a great & productive weekend!
You're nothing short of my everything.
Omg I love siri I asked her when is christmas and she's like december 25th..I Hope I get the day off;D
There will be class today if anyone would like to skip happy hour.
this is my Iron Street plot...just down the street in Bridgeport!
Highly anticipate June to be the best month of my life
I wouldn't stress out too much about catching that one. I've actually made *real* movies, believe it or not. ;)
Eco: love is selective, hatred is generous. So true and so much more than 140 characters needed to unpack that
Getting jayden's hard bottoms then off to the market <3.
Everyday I'm hustlin
God has you in the palm of His hand. He knows every need, every struggle and every desire. He has it all figured outHe's a supernatural God”
WHO"S EATING MY GRANOLA?!? SERIOUSLY
THE AWKWARD MOMENT when you're telling your friend something hilarious and they're just like "you already told me.."
Follow back?(:
Your toddler looks ridiculous in that booster seat, and if you aren't going to tell him, I will.
Looking like a 6 day work week...oh well
Is there a good reason why much of NYC's geo data is still on the New York-Long Island State Plane Coordinate System?
Cupcakes are in the oven! Stay tuned for this weeks featured cupcake!!
What if we set the bar at sweatpants?
“: A great OK STATE football season followed by dismal basketball season. What's happened to hoops tradition?” Fire Ford
I think you'll really enjoy it! Please let us know what you think! Thanks!
new haircut
everything happens for a specific reason!!!
"this is so easy you guys will get it!" this doesn't make a lick of sense!!! Please just let me at least pass statistics!
Ewwww these girls are lame I wanna dance .
Annual Holiday Fair & Auction is coming up this Saturday Dec 10! Start bidding now for dozens of exclusive items in our auction...
I have never actually chosen to listen to it but I could probably sit down at the piano and play and sing you the whole thing!
Both of my oldest kids (ages 6 and 4) would have picked Ocelot as well.
Oh & doing art for influence, recognition or money automatically disqualifies you from being a great artist
Download our latest single "How it should" <div style='width:120px; height:180px; margin:0; padding:0; border:0; background-image:url(http:
It irks me when female biz owners/leaders don't know much about women's history and think it's only what they see in the movies.
We are so excited to have all our new team members at BODHI!! Welcome Ephraim, Ricki and Elyssa!!!
hehe, great minds think alike ;)
Worried their little dude will hit some crazy floater.
The Bulls should just fall on something sharp! Such a disappointment #smgdh but I still love my city! <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00B3>
oh my O.o
Ready for Mega Million!!!? If I hit the big one, all of my 354 followers will get $1,000 from me. My numbers: 16 23 32 41 45 (27)
Your poetry was bomb.
"Joy is the serious business of heaven." CS Lewis - I'm researching biblical joy today for a Christmas blog. I'll tweet what I learn.
'long time comin- sam cooke-in up these bars' (pretty cool)
Thanks for the suggestions!
you know you'd have to get married to someone before you could divorce him, right?
LMAOOOOO! Damn maya ... dont go to school like that please!
summit over. email coming.
Headed to a planning meeting tonight for the ! Want to help out at the event? DM us for details!
Occupy Wall Street Protests: older younger generations united to adress economy, unemployment, income disparity. We're in it together.
Don't forget to watch the Pgh Power tomorrow on the NFL network as they make their push to the playoffs! LETS GO POWER!
There's a one way that works really well for people to pay attention to you and that is to have something interesting to say.
Cityglam is on instagram please try to keep up with us as we take over with our lavish events and party planning...follow us we follow back.
Live your life so that your children can tell their children that you not only stood for something wonderful - you acted on it! - Dan Zadra
Right on! RT : “The great missing debate in contemporary politics,” Sandel writes, “is about the role and reach of markets."
2 im not a european angel but i am a Phoenix AZ USA Angel!Im Retweeted u so that hopfully cody will see ur tweets!
We appreciate the sentiment. Blessings to you.
lol I guess you partied too hard
Got a headache from hell
I wanna party with ke$ha..
JOHN PRINE IS COMING TO FAYETTEVILLE ARKANSAS AND I DON'T HAVE ENOUGH MONEY FOR A TICKET.
Surrounded by people who don't know who Alan Alda is. Am I old?
yea you must have bought our cool color changing shirt! Cool huh?!
Thanks Girl! Much Love in return!
Good luck!! RT : Skydiving with the #SOCOM Para commandos this afternoon... A little nervous!
You’re invited to a garden party at The Children’s Place! Saturday, March 3 12PM-4PM. Join us for sweet treats and special deals.
I'll paint the basement. Sheesh. I'm just kind of worried of going down there by myself.
green and gold game?
My mom told me to walk all the way up to my friends house just to not fall asleep.
Pulling out Hello Nasty this morning after some years. Remembering what an outstanding album it is.
We are glad to be here! Thank you for the follow!
I'm so tired of feeling like shit.
Who votes I wear purple shorts to studio showing tonight
In transit in WI, everything looks closed but the bars #GoPackGo also thankful for packers radio network
Nature T-Shirts- Sat, Jun 25, 2-3p - Bring a t-shirt & create a design using objects from nature. Registration required. Age: 7-14 / $4
It won't set her free from her record, Cindy, but TruthCrew#CA52 is on its way! RT @
ahaha ima get it Thursday so it doesn't fade
Singing 'If you're happy and you know it' in my Early Childhood class
I wish people would view good films delivered by storytellers who just chose a different medium.
James being represented by Dan Crane, former Patrick administration official, attorney who helped House with #DiMasi case cost assessment
nice website, always glad to connect to creative people :)
Vickie! Manage better people please!
That's because he didn't write the script. He and Ramis only came in and helped polish it.
What a wonderful sunny day in Newark, perhaps a reminder to sign up for the Sunflower Run for Fun!
These moodswings have really got to go .
How's baseball?
I kinda want those glowing mouse ears...lame? the mix!
if I hold the hand can I hold the pills?
So exited to do an environmental portrait shoot with a glass artist in his studio tomorrow!
Mary,Did you know?
Damn! Haven't heard this song in forever "Can't be friends - trey songz
The beast is on the rise.
Lol, or I say Maritza all weird cause I can't pronounce it :bb
One way to make sure crime doesn't pay would be to let the government run it. Ronald Reagan
That's hilarious.
Travis Goode - we have your iPhone! Come find Dan Specht or any Atlas employee.
I don't know!!! BUT...if I don't hear something VERY soon, I am totally blowing them off...I'm about there now.
Did you know that The #Rivoli Theatre is listed on the National Register of Historical Places? Yep, since 2004.
Does your business offer special promotions for Easter? If so, list them here!
s16 expo with my bitch
John 3:19 This is the verdict: Light has come into the world, but men loved darkness instead of light because their deeds were evil.
GOOD BYE JOE.. RIP
Just checked out your stuff. Rock it girl! If you ever need an exclusive beanie or two, we can hook you up! Much love. :)
spaying aerosol cans.. and eating on paper plates may cut down a tree in the back. just kidding.
Buck up, little Travis.
Rainy here too!
How do cable news professionals not understand that people OF ALL RACES can have prejudices and misconceptions?
Thinking About Making Dat Trip...
is having a giveaway on The Knotty Bride. I have been dreaming about her dresses for months!! LOVE the Powdered Sugar dress!!!
Hope everyone enjoyed their holidays and is having a great start to the new year! Back to work!!
I expected the worst, but I gotta say I giggled all the way through Little Fockers. True Grit tonight!
Irritated by doing the same thing over and over
Today's Special: Texas Cheese Steak Sandwich 'LIKE' if you're craving a Cheese Steak Today!
New styles at tiki this week
Everyone Follow GO.. Go do it now..
Happy Friday Xavi!!!
"I'm fucked up now, don't ask why yall. Sometimes the best medicine is just to cry yall"
Thanks for the RT! I appreciate it! We are big fans
hahhaha just realized this was you... glad we got to texting today! So great seeing you in #DC over xmas! Smooches homie!
Tepid granola gerbil
I'm glad for the delay in a way because it making me whet my appetite for more.
Congratulations! Have you Butler making the elite eight?
awww geez thanks lol, okay tomorrow tell me all about it are u getting it done before or after
#no r.e.m this one goes out to the one i love an u no who u r<3
This bottle of vodka weeped openly, too.
I love Austin. Otherwise.. I wouldnt have this account.
Looks like Dallas will win. Got to be the worst 3-1 team in the league by a mile
The dress must follow the body of a woman, not the body following the shape of the dress. ~Hubert de Givenchy
“My name is Alice and I remember everything.” —Alice, Resident Evil: Apocalypse (2004)
I feel like I'm believing in something that never existed.
#FF This are the people to follow!
The time has come for "Name that Album". Post, email or telepathically submit your ideas for my next album name now! Difficulty: Bears +...
Pop records are being killed right now! Me and have been working today!
oh no lol
I have a massive school.girl crush on Tarran on #SNL. Let's have weird babies. In two decades.
keyword. "Think" lol.
oh, well we need a bro session ASAP!
Happy Sunday ! Who is watching #football ??
Reading The AZ Republic newspaper. Did ya know? POTUS ballooned the debt like an "Old school Liberal?" 2 Wars, tax cuts to the rich worked?
Lol I am so happy I for got who to spell I mean ever not every lol
good thinking
Kaydien's name in Arabic tatted on my rib cage cause the pain was worth it <U+2764>
Fell from grace after a series of incidents involving pulled fire alarms and a stolen bag of crisps. I was framed. Now I'm in your house.
Next person that comes to booth #6813 will win a free pair of pastry swag headphones
S/O to the baddest ..watch yo mouth...Ms. ...excellent twitter background ma!!!!!!!!! Love from the Princess
Need a movie recommendation twitter.
RT : Man!!! It's gettin freaky up on here today! *LOVE IT* lol!- I c u like freaky lol
APM Phila is looking for nominations for Rising Star (under 40) & Lifetime Achievement award recipients to recognize at their annual gala.
Stressful casserole!
#digitalindia ACS, NYPL examples of use of social media to connect. 20 ways to interact with NYPL - Rajan
When babies cry and cry and cry when you're trying hard to fucking read <
Sws is breakin up after warped tour???
My mom is one in a million because she believed in me when no one believed I could graduate from college.
Great city to take on! Thanks for the follow...
you have your reasons for wanting marriage & I have mines for being ambivalent towards the "institution" of marriage.
Colonel Ruppert made much, much more. RT : From SI: Babe Ruth made $910,696 in a 22-year career, or $15 million in 2012 dollars.
i have two kittens
be ready by 8:15 :* & remember dress pretty!
The first thing I hear when I sit in the car, My parents bitching about me getting into the car. What the actualy fuck bro?
Taylor Swift Is So Pretty (NH)
:) I work at 11
The basketball Gods have delivered. The game is close and gathering steam. Very nice.
I'm tired of it. I'm tired of old wounds being opened. I'm tired of people. I'm tired of all the drama.
Dance Hard, Laugh More, Turn The Music Up Now!
#BoyzAreBack THE BOYS ARE BACK (the boys are back somethinh something lalala) Anyone else know that song? No?
Todays a red hot chilli peppers kind of day.
Everything IS bigger in Texas! The bathroom stalls in Houston Hobby Airport are HUGE
Step outta that foreign vehicle. She fucks w/me cuz I'm real as fuk
I know! Its like way too late for snow! I love the snow since we dont get much here though..
Can't seem to use my words right today. So many typos! Need copyeditor or less sleepy brain...
nice seeing you in NYC. Glad he liked Hot Stove.
#upstream2012 Welcomes Olympic Gold Medalist, #YouthHealth Advocate making her COMEBACK to Track&Field
like super important like MANDATORY
Thanks for all the entertainment and info this year!
don't wait!
Thanks for the mention!
would so love to serve and please you mrs sandie
I got my mouth washed out with soap when I was about 6 for saying it; never got caught saying it in school. :)
- I just wannah be held n cuddled up ryte now with dat special person....
we play till everyone is dead and only 4 people got killed today.
have to babysit tonight instead of seeing #notokay I wanna feel that
sorry love.....accident...
You are the iPad wonder! Many thanks.
soon...means tomorrow in my brain but days/months/years in real life
Go Lobos. I root for the Lobos because is just one more corrupt New Mexican I have in my pocket.
Once I stop being crazy today - who is playing #diablo3 with me?
I'd love to know what #boardingschools have started using Facebook's Groups for Schools? And in what ways?
sshh be very quiet, you don't want to wake up that messyou hooked up with at 3am. Good morning sunshine
I cannot wait to hear what Charles Barkley and the crew say about this game. Unreal.
Amazing energy program today featuring CO congressionals . It's great to see our electeds be united on developing CO energy!
Hi sexy!
You don't have to wait for your refund...you can charge your books to your cashiers' account by using your student ID.
Happy weekend!
Everything happens for a reason . But sometimes not the right reason .
Monday Funday! 1/2 off all bottles of wine and champagne. Cheers.
just breathing makes me hungry.
RT - We'll get them tomorrow boys... Too bad we gave them the win tonight.. 4-3..
Its sad when you see niggaz wit jeans tighter than chicks...i feel sorry for these young women nowadays.
Going to an Advanced Placement U.S. History conference next week...4 days with history nerds....Rock ON!!!!
Looking forward to talking to , & tomorrow for next installment of The Broad Experience.
It was so great to see you again! Many congratulations on your no. 1 song!! It is so well deserved!!
It's a beautiful day in BK! Mmmhmm.
hey thanks! Glad you're enjoying!!
Just as I thought I was moving one step forward. Something takes me two steps back...
Thinking that if I can just keep adding things to my list, I may eventually get far enough behind that I feel like I'm in the lead!
Tweet me?:o
Yeah...but it causes problems. lol
FWIW, i have never bought an Apple product from the company. iPods bought used and given to me for free by a friend.
Hard work pays off
Only 2% of the people on Earth, have Green colored eyes.. this is unacceptable!!
who, bad ponytail guy? I don't think B is quite THAT advanced yet.
I have been a voting American for over 37 years. This is the LOWEST & most fragmented America I ever known.
what happened? I would love to hear what happened.
I need to catch up with my homework.
Don't go Wifi! Don't go!
Gonna try a green juice recipe courtesy of
I know it wasn't meant for me but that last message to Blair was totes illegible. Js.
"The U.S. Census Bureau reported Thursday that more minority children are being born in America than white children"
JSMC Announces New, Continued Classes for May - SurfKY News
ok good i dont want to miss the ginats 49ers game and what the score of the pats raven's game?
"Let us dance in the sun, wearing wild flowers in our hair..." ~Susan Polis Shutz
Completely agree, #LS11 rocked, looking forward to some more #supadupaness!
Went on a following streak(: lmfao(: #life'sgood
Phoenix won't be the same without the #palmsprings crew. Bob & Matt,
Congratulations to all those who eSCaped and
Sorry to hear that :(
The only people who order from skymall are drunk people in first class
stupid ass gon eat my oreos!
yeah haha. Are you gonna keep looking for a job?
asking for people to hangout with you via twitter...
Send me your email address. I'm . I have a few that might be helpful.
I have no problem with it!
lol you know you my nigga im just playin
RT I am so hungry!! Topic of discussion rite now...wats the diff between loving someone and being in love? Good question.
the cop shined his spotlight on my bare ass.
ha! or I completely unknown with a long resume. haha
YA LAZY ¿Comprendo?
Ppl only act like they got your best intrest at hand
Tyler is giving me dirty looks because I was doing my hair in class while he was writing & essay. LOL.
Trying out the new studio. Sounds good so far.
Sep 7, 1822: Brazil declared its independence from Portugal.
M, Carolina peaches for breakfast.
#Nerdprom only notes polits Do not care 2 C Eric Cantor, we in VA already know him.Show people we really want to know about.
is literally my bro and such a great friend
i really should of sent a wad of cash and freak-style shopping list for yr trip! Jealous!
but not your favourite :-)
...we'll be up to Central to check you out soon Coach!
sweet!! thanks for the heads up :)
When you get the "feeling of knowing" commit to attention, says Wired Mag journo
I wonder if they have sex in the armpit? Or if they search out various pits to fornicate in?
is there a list of people who are allowed to do that??
i'm proud of my heart. it’s played, burned and broken. but still works #TSS :'D
#WhoeverSaid that one day i was gonna be happy was lying to me! i dont deserve half the crap that happens to me!
i would care. you seem like such a nice person and you're gorgeous. don't let anyone tell you otherwise. <3
the verdict is in for mobile app development. iOS first
The best!!
Anyone want to bring a couple of shut-ins some food? $2 tip in it for ya.
Radek! Dude, honestly. I miss and love you.
Trying to get a tongue in this ass!
OOMF is the love of my life, I just hope she knows it
you gotta unlock your tweet so they can be Retweeted
More marketing wisdom from - Make it easy for your customers to make a new decision based on new information.
What about them? Tigers are taking it all
I once was stuck there, and saw an old man shut off his car, get out, and smoke a joint while he waited. THAT was pretty rad.
Good Page 6 item talks about and Maybe Weiner gets a walk-on?
Mind Frost... any inspiration from the local hit, "It's so cold in the D"?
Thanks, man!
what time is it over today?
Tough call?!? That was a CRIME! Had the correct call been made, Giants win, series over. Giants still win series w/no Lincecum
Sometimes politician has 2stand up 4what is good &right. Teachers R under attack. Current law = Kids R protected 1st, due process comes 2nd.
that is exactly what I needed to hear today. Thank you.
Quote of the Day Laughter is the shock absorber that eases the blows of life.......
A government that fails to distribute naloxone freely is making a clear policy statement: "We condone the premature deaths of opioid users."
are you an Aries? I am--April 13th. if you are happy early or belated birthday.
I'm hungover real bad but worth the win
Finally picked the JoHen Milestone Years box, listening to "The Kicker" today, outstanding blowing by everyone including
It's complicated. See next tweet.
of course, it's pot calling kettle black. So don't get huffy, mate. Cheers!
Finally getting around to "I Am Alive", 10 minutes in and I can already tell this game will seriously be a personal favorite of mine.
Excited to see you today bby <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Congrats!! That's awesome. :)
We are!
All is well my bruhzo.whats good??
On the freeway bumping music <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
your fun and my fun could be completely Different
I'm so irritated with these gas prices, ridonkulous I say!
wow literally knew what i was gonna tweet ..... then lost it...
Newark Pride Alliance family reminds you that #love and #life will prevail despite the prevalence of intolerance and loss
#NABEFCareerFair will be broadcasting information sessions over Google+ on April 18 - stay tuned for more updates
Our weekly special is still live! $62 for our Sjy & Sea Facial!
#Talkaboutawkward when you touch some random persons hand walking towards you
Excited to head to Orlando next week!
The faster you get your print job, the more your job will cost. Orders after 3pm will be processed until the following business day. Call...
that is absolutely amazing!!!!
You go girl.. You got this! :D
nope but my name does start with an m
12 dollar maintenance fee? Are you fcking kidding me? Wtf are you maintaining? The computers do everything.
Ben! Have any more of those awesome beta deals!? :)
of course, you too
You sound pretty down. Onward & upward! “: eli and I figured out many ways to improve the show, and were up late last night pre
Encore Ms. Leela J!!!
gunna go stand infront of your plane so you cant leave. k.
#agirlcandream totally wish would move to VA instead and become mayor of Richmond ... <sigh> Love him.
Gooch getting his first start for Sporting Lisbon, currently half time down 1-0.
Thanks for this, Paul!!
Another docs apt at 10:45 in the morn...
you did amazing Harry!
lol yes you gotta remember to hold out the all in "all my pain is gone remember how she said it lol
saw u on Witness as an american who knows less about #egypt than I should, thank you for your activism. hope your dad well
google apps for education has diff rules, can change setting to block incoming e-mail or out of network (school) e-mail
Makes us happy to see you! Thanks for coming in
Awesome! A Lannister always pays his debts!
what you doing?
#awesome wrt 1st grade pic of me on #fb : "I remember Pete Aven was always pretending to be the bionic man and running in slow motion!"
Wat u no bout boy
Nothing better than lunch on the lakefront.
nope I still love You You little bitch¥<3
Hahaha I sure did.
MKE Co. DA's Office: Meeting postponed with Aldi customer who fired gun at armed robber. Meeting is happening tomorrow.
The record for the most female orgasms is 134 in one hour.
Under the dryer playing words with freinds,care to join?
Questions provide the key to unlocking our unlimited potential. -Anthony Robbins
Special shout out to fellow Ccu alumni and soccer stud for being my 700 follower. imma catch you soon bro
They Can go in thru believe it or not your iphone& hack it to get your IP address then they can go thru all your personal info.
We're a day or so late, but the same holds true! RT Congratulations on a great season! #Indy is proud of you!
wishing my officemate would open that rubbermaid container of homemade cookies already. just sitting on her desk, taunting me.
Amen, brother.
There's something I really dislike about her.
"With an open heart, I radiate the light of love to everyone I meet." June quote from my Chopra Center Calendar
LET'S GO LAKERS *clap, clap, clap clap clap*
thanx bro I appreciate that can we can a slot for Sunday Afternoon
I believe in you. Don't listen to those anus nipples, looks aren't everything.
ESPNU=ESPN's B Team.
LOL thanks. We've been giggling and want to compare it to JGroff.
It has now! RT : Has the *original* "Tessie" been introduced yet, or is that not even on the table?
We schedule week to week so I can tell you through next Thurs. Won't know until Mon if it will be after that.
Have your way!
Went with Meridian as LMS choice, in case anyone was interested.
RT : BCSO Sgt. Aldridge on stand - he was Dep. McGrane's supervisor answering basic questions about traffic stop protocol
Sleep? Guitar? Sleep? Guitar? Can I play my guitar while I sleep?
Why am I so stupid and guilable? Ugh, I should have never told him anything...
Today > me
I'm at 70 so far!
Uh oh, I hear rumbling at the tomb. The grave can't hold Him.
too much monologue... there's only so much listening a kid can do... esp a once yakity-yak like me...
Yo! Great seeing you today at EWR! Sorry I missed ya at the gate, we took the flight after you.
Watching this behind the music - Ice Cube makes me wanna get ghetto fab and ratchet doe.
Girls can fake orgasms, but guys can fake whole relationships
Dogs are trying to turn off computer! It's time for them to walk me!
“: Google says, "Study Shows Higher Death Rate Among Men Who Eat 7 or More Eggs per Week".... Great” If it's Caviar you're good
wasting our money
Did you get to see the show last night? What did you think?
Well let's see if I can help with that. Everyone follow this girl. She's great!
My darlin' baby..
#OU Info~MT : Commencement at Lloyd Noble~Family & friends do not need tix. Students & faculty enter by mid-level concourse..
what makes you good
You know how it goes
Did anyone else find that halftime commentary to be the most senseless drivel you have ever heard?
Live the life you want to live. Be the person you want to remember. Make decisions, make mistakes, if you fall, at least you tried.
Beer really IS cheaper than water (and peanuts) in Prague!
Love the pulse pad! Can't wait to see new features. Great Job Ankit and team.
Someone near Navajo Dam, on the San Juan River, fell and has been badly hurt. Emergency responders flew to the scene in a helicopter.
Please follow me(; 13
too bad we just signed a lease.. Although really, I don't think anywhere had the 1000 "requirements" my wife wanted.
would approve of how you guys are treating that child who can't talk today. Embarashing.
Well, yes, but there are still 100s of 1000s of outsourced jobs that don't seem to be coming home.
kobe....waaaaaah. Loved it when Pierce ripped him on the missed FT and he nearly burst into tears on the spot.
Austin is a binging whore town. Might be THE binginest whore city ever!
Hey ! Why can't I support your cause without giving you total access to my #Twitter account?
What time do we burn the Haman effigy?
u have inspired me to go out aand follow my dreams so thank u :)
its has to be Jerry Rice Art Monk and Chris Carter cmon
You're welcome. :)
Mothers day special to all the Mothers Saturday Wine Testing from 7:pm to 9:pm! #happy mothers day week!
which pageant?
“She said it was a certain type of a book called a grimoire. She said that the name of it was The Key of Sulayman, but that..."
LASIO Professional Hair Care Sponsors Celebrity Hair Stylist Iyana Winfield ... - PR Web (press release)
There is a hell, believe me i've seen it. There is a heaven let's keep it a secret
SORE THROAT, GTFO
that was totally off the cuff too, I was all proud, usually it takes me 10 mins to think of the right thing, haha
S/O to the music community
Thanks ! Man I'm getting old, everyone keeps sending me that article. ;) oh well, at least I'm thought of. All the best to you.
For pros, some pretty poor golf being played. Should be easy pickings for Mickelson.
I'm great and you?
Total domination, where are the Tebow tweets?????
haha thank you. I try every morning to look this hot.
Detroit better keep this lead or I'm gonna be p'd !!
Apparently, the only time isn't busy is during a snowstorm and right after they open. Picked one of the two options this AM.
The only thing I'm not liking about the new clear app is the difficulty to use while driving. Some interactions cause me to use both hands.
Hedoesn't takethe reigns ofthe Offense. He dishes to SG or Andre rightwhen he passes Halfcourt and disappears the rest of the play
#digdiv if you can access FIOS and I can't, then you have better access, no? It's expensive too - isn't that a toll road?
go follow
Just buzzed my hair. Its been a while since I buzzed it.
Thanks for mentioning our competency based program at
you own my heart, he just rentin
yo homie! Don't forget to return those master plans if you didn't last night. Katy will see her Saturday...
first time hearing #WhatMakesYouBeautiful on the radio, I couldn't resist jumping around my room
I was wondering maybe could I make you my Baby.
Huge congratulations to my close friend for being named an STAA College Broadcasting All-American, 4th in the Nation
is in raw form lately...someone get her anti psychotic meds and bed restraints :) ha Ha jk
Good morning good people start your weekend off rite with island frydays good food for the soul!
Voter Registration today at City College at the Community Service & Volunteer Fair in the Rotunda from 12 to 2pm.
thank you for the RT!
dude your 18 don't try & start a fight with my little brother i will fuckin kill you asshole
Be impressed I have the game on hd!
You have to keep moving!
If a man be gracious & courteous to strangers, it shows he is a citizen of the world. ~ Bacon
Special thanks to for his help with widget mastery!
Me to , "Have you seen this new Twitter?" "Yeah, been on that for a week, probably cuz I'm such a valued member."
same here! We'll have to get there at like 8 am.. But we'll make it fun haha
And on that note, I'm going running. "But Alex, you hate running!" Yup. Sure do. Here we go heart, lets get you beating again. Talley ho!
the curriculum mapping is good stuff. we have had at Oxy and her work sparked a lot of ideas
Any Food Network fans out there? What year was the popular cable channel launched? A. 1993 B. 1998 C. 2003
Two days of desserts and Christmas goodies has done me in. I will walk to Las Vegas and back to burn it off. I have no other choice.
Loved Meryl leaning away from the popcorn like it was poison.
Fabulous night with the Bell Family! :)
have you guys ever looked into House on the Rock in WI? It's creepy with lights on.
trying to go watch it lol what you doing?
O. M. G. Are you serious -______-
The Name of the Nose
Friend: "Lets go on ChatRoulette!" Me: "I've dealt with enough dicks for one day..."
RT : Best wishes to the Milwaukee Bucks in a successful season from all of us at the Wisco Hotel Group!! We'll be cheering you on.
son we're gonna chill tho at some point.bet.
thank god it's f'in Friday!!!
SOMEONE TALK TO ME
still powering through without turning the heat on. who else has yet to flip the switch?
Will Ferrel hosting SNL last night
Yes trick there is!
No lamaze class? Oh, the scandal!
“: Reminds me of that episode of How I Met Your Mother with Lily.” LOLOL
Cool to see Mr. Belvedere doing a pump-up video on ESPN.
cool, i can try this joke again on the 12th then!
That sounds like something we'll have to try!
Sis! What up?
Dang, I haven't had a full day of school since last thursday :p
so exciting! I freaked when i saw it! :)
Just sent.
there are more roosters in echo park than one might expect.
Gotta love Clawed Z. Eagle!
Only a couple of days until our next event! Conversations with Augie Napoli at CMA, 2/24 6 PM! Join us!
bring in a friend through the month of august and get two for the price of one haircuts!
Beware of the man who calls you "bro".
Good one. #Icantstop Using your feet as hands. RT : Ditto! I feel like I'm trying to ride a bike with no pedals.
We would like to thank CFA fights fans outside the state of Florida. Also, un saludo a nuestro fans de Latin america.
RT : "I don't have a source... I work here." - Stan Van Gundy, who continues to be the best
I actually got a good night sleep ahhaahhaha dont wanna get out of bed tho
With Afflalo checking Kobe, Kobes getting 24 ppg. If Kobe only gets 24ppg you have to expect to win most those games
Always amazes how a day in a tailspin can be turned around by a friendly word.
best part about banging a 60 year old broad...
Idiots & assholes: Johnson co. IN/ mitch daniels regime; politicians i general, all protected by drunk cops w/guns who selectively enforce?
If you, or anyone you know is looking for a proofreading opportunity let me know.
'tis going my friend, 'tis going
Great doc! POPPY HILL is directed by his son, but it's getting good word of mouth...if you have a blank spot in your schedule
Servant leaders are always looking at what's going on to be relevant & effective - Vicki Clark
AND I FUCKIN NEED YOU TONIGHT. AND I FUCKIN NEED YOU MORE THAN EVER.
Blitz 99w in Tigard... Super Bowl Sunday: $5 gets you a beer and an entry for a giant flat screen TV. All proceeds to:
Amazon certainly thinks so. That's why they created Kindle "Singles."
When i talk to you i like freeze inside!!
A soul train just happened. Oh Nola.
How to network: try out various professional roles & libraries, ask for directions, talk to , don't be shy
#IGetJealousOf the monsters who meet back stage..
That's a tough one. I'm on FB, Stephen Drotar. Friend me, then I'll broadcast it on my list, cool?
OMG, r u in Philly??
Mad respect to for his work with
CleanWhiteLines and Air Guitar Champion = thanks
Suck up!
SAGE® Labs Creates the First Tissue-Specific Gene Deletion in Rats
Last day of work at the library!
that you RT everything i must be in your head. « you were gon tweet the same thing?»
you don't owe a nigga nuttin
I think is trying to turn me into a black eskimo in the studios! It's freezing in here!
CRASH CLEARED: US 26 eastbound after tunnel
Why does my back hurt so freaking much? GAH.
The sun is out and Motocross is happening this evening at PIR. Come check it out!
you're a cheese penis, I am going to buck you up.
Thanks for the RT today sweetie!
haha well you're the first thing I think of when I wake up! :) #Iloveyoutoo! :)
The guy has a 10+ ERA and the Phillies are out in 7 pitches. Are they a bad offense or a stupid offense?
We women definitely win the "social" prize!
I got a Hundred on my Garbage Bag Kite Project w/ Spongebob stickers
I'm gonna need some of that.
Ready for girl and patio time!
I miss you scrub
I may be a little late though depends on when dinner is
Josh Hamilton 4 homeruns tonight he is a beast
He misplaced a fly ball on the warning track and bagged his knee. Mo went down. Was carted off the field.
Dinner is ready !! Now time for my nap.... Sigh ((Vacation))!!!
At the gym <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 17
Glad someone stole my wallet !
Haha! I agree! Since we've exercised the 'Devil' its been a pretty fun ride!
I know! Kinda scary when I think about it. Hope you didn't stay too long after me
worst thing i had to get over was a few months ago..
Haha, every night. Wrigleyville Bachelorette party sounded fun. Was there a stop at Dimo's pizza?
Today was crazy but fun <3 prom was great with my babe c:
good morning! hope u guys have a great weekend!!!
hi. iloveyou. okay bye.
Just paid out our mini BBJP, will you be next ?
United Stats of America with is a pretty fun show
God bless you guys! i love your music, it really speaks to me! :) <3 keep serving the lord with passion
saturday morning cartoons.
paging Oedipus...please pick up the white courtesy phone...
loves a good charity. For every new follower I get, I donate to Second Harvest Foodbank, and I'll play an hour of PS3
Stand up for what you believe in, even if it means standing alone..
Thanks for the retweet.
great segment this morning on about Chef teaching school kids about cooking
"Gandu" did have a slow start. So glad I stuck with it. The words "perversely entertaining" have never been so apt.
did your mom ever find out anything ?
it's cute!
I'm curious... Who all liked us from our promotes on Twitter?
Gonna flex on this MCAS test.
Finally got those pink shorts from j. Crew!
the last one with mal
There's a bunch of perverts on twitter on the low! Lol
“: tell dem hoes young or old dey dont want them hands.” OR slap em with 2 slices of room temperature bologna
Love that NYU Kimmel Center overlooks Wash Square dog park.
That show sucks. #justsayin RT : West coast- Tune in NOW for a new #first48 followed by #first48missingpersons at 10pm PST
I think selling negative stereotypes and calling it entertainment is a copout.
Goog game, Rudy!
NP bro! I spread love like butter on a biscuit! Be blessed
haha I'm glad it did (:
Then it makes me sad because I have neither. Yes, I'm single BUT I can run fast.
Guess that "Gas Tax is Dead" story on one of our local stations was a bit premature.. I'll keep an eye out for a correction
A server asked today if when the demi is all done could vegatarians eat it?
well isn't that lovely
u sang happy bday to me
i would but i already voted for Matty B today sorry :'( i will tomorrow for sure.
#SmackIona real good and smack Doty
I agree!! Love it so much!! I agree with whoever said #sharktank should be on more than once a week.
On our way to the STATE FINAL 4 at Glens Falls
I was so damn close to being in twitter jail !!!
I though this rain was a weekend thing
Looks like today wasn't good for a lot of The West Wing brackets.
Would love for you to check us out! Philly local, let us know what you think
I will! Let's grab a bite to eat soon!
I have a nun to give you for vday but she def won't fit into ur paper bag,
thanks! i am undertaking a new career as a gold digger!
no, than you!!!“: We were honored to host #MilBlogCon attendees at the Pentagon. Thanks for joining us &
LOVE your picture ... God I hate bows! Lol
Yes, that'd be great!
One moment's high and glory rolls on by. Like a streak of lightning that flashes and fades in the summer sky.
Why that sounds most pleasant.
Grilling/drilling-- my hands shake when I use the fire extinguisher.
“: Oh. My. Goodness! The Teague assist to Jones in UK's exhibition game against Morehouse. WOW.”little late there lol
You got it. Yes. He lives here and is shooting another series for ABC in NM.
Wow! What will THAT do to the publishing world?
We worry about what a child will become tomorrow, yet we forget that he is someone today. ~Stacia Tauscher
Everyone who takes Mrs. Skipper for Trig can thank me, , , for her tweet about tomorrows test. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Playing with matches?
Screw Ramon Sessions. Start Steve Blake
your tweets tonight!
": #Aries men are the Top Cocks of the Zodiac."
Good morning
can you go on oovoo and chat me because twitter won't allow that many words per tweet
Everyone be safe and enjoy your friday night!
Folklore states that Muhammad was especially fond of the color and wore a green cloak and turban.
Did you feel this quake?
'Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol' is top DVD rental in New Philadelphia - New Philadelphia Times Reporter 'Mission Impossible: Ghost P
Not all #publishers can monitor # of simultaneous #ebook users, but can shut down if scroll too fast or copy too much.
yes. Lol! You already know who it is
one thing abt being back in smithfield.....It dont be nuthn to do
I know! It's pretty cool lmao
Pissed my week couldn't get any worse.
I don't know what does when he's home alone, you'll have to talk to him about that.
says Andy Katz reports Jarrod Uthoff is now meeting with #Badgers AD Barry Alvarez about his appeal.
ZERRAN. I haven't been on in awhile, Sorry D'x. BUT THANK YOU. HAPPY NEW YEAR TO YOU TOO<3
What is worth doing at all is worth doing well
Not where I am, its every provider! I'm in a rural area!
I watched it finally
Tracks for days
I contain multitudes
good picture!
"Vámonos, amigos," he whispered, and threw the busted leather flintcraw over the loose weave of the saddlecock.
NO PROBLEM! RT : All smiles thnx to ...conversation is everything! Thnk u <U+263A>
RT : "New record! 126,000 Erlang processes on Raspberry Pi. Who said working wasn't fun :-)" <- Fun! My backorder is killing me.
Good luck to all the CBBA family playing in the NIKE EYBL in Dallas. Hearing great reports so far..wish I could be there to support.
My New Year's resolution is to set goals, plans and succeed in those goals and plans.
I ate from the food truck at the #InnerHarbor #DowntownBaltimore today, it was so good! I will be back!
coast 2 coast I boast all my dopeness
Indeed. Shame I'm out of ramen.
thank you so muxh
can't wait to see it super excited!!:)
Work is on the fringe of becoming intolerable
Three martinis, half a bottle of wine... UGH! *cries*
There is no excuse for cheating in a relationship.
excited about my bf's surprise bday gathering tonight! hope I can pull it off!
so tired to exam ......more one week ^_^l
only because i let kids make fun of my outfits.
Talking about strippers
Fine-tuning my manuscript for Bless Your Heart: Saving the World One Covered Dish at a Time, to be published by Thomas Nelson in the fall.
you nailed it - entitlement combined with A.D.D. is some toxic stew
LET IT BURN.
Is it really necessary to eat here at 930?
So these next few days are going to be really relaxed. I'm not sure I'm ok with that.
pahaha, you make me laugh.
Thanks for the RT! What's your favorite #radish dish?
I'm going to feel like the biggest dick next week, but shit happens.
I hope I dont
hahaha honestly the circle has really changed me. It just interest me
Yeah, cuz u did lose your phone.
<3 You're amazing!
he's on the JV team, 15 and 16 year olds. Not so adorable, lol.
chris ford
I'll be at Silverado bar on Sat. for their Xmas party. I'll b playing tejano, country, dance favorites, and whatever else the crowd wants.
The only recommendation I'm giving out is for Mayor.
follow me !!!
Motion to advertised tax rate of 76.4 cents fails on 3-3 vote. Snow makes motion to advertise tax rate of 76.2 cents - motion passes 4-2
Remeber, we are closed tomorrow so pick up one for today and one for tomorrow so you won't feel lost without us :)
In 2004, there were 58,190 sworn and 31,075 non-sworn state law enforcement employees.
I like how me & Kumam knew exactly who #oomf was without asking eachother ctfuu ^.^
Seriously. MT : Imp to note the DoJ suit is not over agency model; it's about how named pubs allegedly conspired to get it.
I'm talking in an accent. The effects of listening to Ed Sheeran all day.
okay I just checked with him and its next Sunday the 25th at 5:00.
Single-family originations should total $340 billion for the fourth quarter
really nicki manaj why you being a stupid ho
Lets get 9,000 plus #followers before may is over he was on #americasgottalent N a great singer one of his fans #twiiter:)
Site at home bored playing the game
I swear i hate da smell of cigarates dis nigga on here smell like a pack a newports
Between listening to Gregory Maguire speak about Maurice Sendak & listening to Terry Gross's interviews with Sendak, I've given into tears
Tonight's Foreign Film "VOLVER" (Spain). Starting at 7:30pm.
Just signed up! Excited to get started.
you're not important enough to me for me to talk about you. Never have never will. I guess something cane across the wrong way?
Enjoying IPRA Social Media Event #pr #social media with speaker from Goodwill Industries
Wow, 63 players made the cut. The last time it was that many was 1992. The year Freddie won.
it's getting hot in here....
sure thing
Voted in the Macy's iHeartRadio Rising Star yet? Do it and you could end up going to the iHeartRadio Music Festival 2012!...
": I lied because I don't want you to know how much it hurts me."
im SS SO SORRY for not wishing yu a Happy B-dayy earlier but i kept tryin to txt/call yu & ish & nothing went threw=(
i just bought my partner a christmas present. and he'll get to open it on christmas morning. and he will like it. and yes, THIS IS A HINT.
Finished The Hunger Games book this morning, now I'm on to Catching Fire. Oh yeahh :)
Lolz...Herbal Breast Augmentation Products Studies? Elfmeterschiessen
Rematch Barrett vs. Walker according to the AP.
No. How anyone can is beyond belief!
At #expowest each of the three days at our booth!
Imma get the Jag one day watch
ewwww they r so disgusting
Woohoo! Santorum ran as a swinger and won!
Used car experts with advice? Going to see what I can get for trade-in. I know range car will sell for. Kelley Blue Book is a lie.
I will give it one more episode to hook me. Wasn't overly impressed. The guy cop was such a creep too
no, that was a 59 caddy hearse. This is a 57 Chevy wagon.
LOL YES! Special bonus: spoon push! Use of ice cream maker = +10. And negative points for Napoleons in dessert round.
MT : I'd love to take my son 2 game next. But, it helped a lot- had a section today4 families of kids w/
Davey says Derosa likely 2 wait 7 days after DL expiration to return; Storen felt great throwing today; Lidge threw off flat ground 60 ft
Help! We have a youth client that needs size 2X shirts, size 15 shoes and 38/34 pants. Thank you for all you do!
I like the way you think. ha.
#FF & Thanks 2 Have a great weekend!
Who's got some tips on the best/worst acoustic speakers for iPhone 4S?
Glad you chose to follow us. Prepare for some Poe.
Goals of #NIH #Informationist: find med research, identify & interpret med literature, respond to info needs, integrate into clinical team.
Pretty upset about all this "PR problem" stuff. We recommend you stop complaining, don't forget we still have the power to ruin your life.
hey how are ya? Hope all rules with you:)))))
#Ibetuwont show Vincent Castronovo again :/ Even though you should
Love taking a day off to pamper myself!! =D it's just what every girl needs
Your from Pittsburgh. Im from Pittsburgh. So your my new best friend(;
"If things get any better, we may have to hire someone to help us enjoy it."
Having sex doesn't make you a hoe, and being a virgin doesn't make you a saint.
this is maddening. been in virtual waiting room since 9:56 am....
Start warming up in the bullpen Mark Turgeon...
Hm, not sure!
are #WITS shows available for download as mp3s or podcasts somewhere?
Watching episode 3 of life of lil twist swagger!!!!
RT : You can't keep dating the same type of guy, and expect different results.
Snow!!!!! what happened to global warming, it's never snowed so much in El Paso:))
I hate National Signing Day.
So were the refs trying to sway this thing for the gamblers?
Just say the old BBTG van. Hey, guess what I never have to sleep in again?
Hi. I am open most of next week. Let me know what works for U? :)
Delany thinks Alabama shouldn't have been in the title game. Saban thinks FBS needs a commish of some kind to tell Delany to stuff it.
Good day today, hope this good luck keeps up all year long
I wanna go gator huntinnn!< 3(:
I know he couldn't have cared less 4 K while he was alive on the streets like a rodent. Now he wants to profit from his death.
Play of the Day: Don’t overlook a huge recruiting resource right in front of you (besides beRecruited) – your high school/club coach!
Please note we are Sisters of a 501c3 non-profit organization simply sharing the good news of giving back to orphans in need.
“: I'm chilling working miss.” that makes both of us!!! I see you big Taj :)
THANKS TRICIA...YOU DO THE SAME!! WEEKEND..AHH..T/F/S...
snow day for me today. Kris not so lucky.
don't forget the Wendy Williams Show ;)
no not that i know of but i am looking out for screenings. i heard it did well at cannes.
Greetin's from Austin! Cooking an epic late night dinner w best ta cook yer own veggies n Texas if ya don' want meat in 'em
Lucid Dreaming is badass.nuf said
I am very proud. What did you order? I hope you got dessert.
RT : Seattle's Anu Apte, creator of the Saffron Sandalwood Sour, will be behind the bar Tues from 5-8. C'mon by and try one!...
last night. Sunday nights at 6pm. 627-0953 is the number.
2/2/1756->J. Dean: If there are any men here who are not able to march...leave them under the care of the Doctor
you look like you're going to start the launch sequence
Go #pacers! Hope you choke #miamiheat!
I swear you have mood swings. It's obvious
actually though just read fan fiction between Aaron & Meghann Fahy. the one who took over Natalie after Jenn left
Totally going to screen cap that when it happens!
Rob Wilson is trending in Seattle
I bet you seen a lot of tough accident scenes as a police officer. Thanks for the RT
RT Three 2012 Ohio State football games under lights. Home vs. Nebraska (8 p.m.), and at Indiana (8 p.m.) and Penn State (6 p.m.)
We still love !
meet at Wines on Vine tonight about 7?
Tweeting away the last few minutes of work >>>>>>
first and only mistake=going to rallys in the first place.
everything the girls say on FB is dumb and stupid
Looking for a new accountant. Our accountant of many years has notified us that she is resigning as of the end of October.
yea. I really want one
Oh thank you darling. I hope you are doing well!
Yeah Ryan Hollins has been on the floor most of the time. “: Worst. Garbage Time. Ever.”
Did you guys see A.O. Scott's incoherent rant of a review of this movie? It's like he channeled Adorno
Thank you, for the amazing pictures!
Can so make that happen! #Bam lol RT : For my birthday I would like cupcakes from ! THEY ARE THE BOMB DIGGITY DOO!
RIP Trayvon Martin
wish I had BBQ weather here in CO
Attention wrestling fans: is the real Sting. Not the singer 'Sting' from the awesome group, The Police.
RT : New on the blog! The Growth of Mobile Ads: the growing use of mobile devices is causing a shift in advertising......
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful mothers in the world! All the things you do for your family is priceless and is much appreciated.
I am Annie all weekend, come out to the college and see me in Annie, Jr on Broadway.......I am So Excited! Dont want it to end!
They think its almost sacrilegious to separate the BBoys merits as rappers. I agree w you though, MCA quotes were always my favs.
loved the pic of you
I got a story about her roommate pooping her pants, too. Why do people tell me these things???
I'm more of a
coming down in a couple of weeks for a game. can't remember the exact date.
Anyone going to the Summit?? Let me know—would love to meet up!
NASHVILLE - I need a contact, if French Shoppe doesn't come through, to conduct a fashion show on May 24...need to confirm ASAP!! Suggest?
#bitcheswhowontdateme the only women barber in the shop I get my cut
thanks so much !
Damn angry birds rio, addicting as heck
"Oh, and I just saw Tim Tebow..." - So nonchalant...
Dont you just love the sun? I dont im a vampire :3
can't believe that just happened. o.o
Mixed greens I watched get picked in Lancaster today with the team. Can't wait for lunch tomorrow!
Feeling driven
show us!
drool! Can't wait to see you ladies!
claire sinclair is one of the prettiest nicest girls i have seen in a long time no one has a right to hurt his girlfriend it's wrong.
I got ready in like 6 fucking minutes and then my mom is like "oh no wait you can stay here i have to come back anyways" what the fuck
I still can't get over the #Bulls game #Bulls take the win without DRose Lebron ain't getting that ring or a win over the
Lookout for my brother #nigga still on da #rise Layin #low-key but da talk of da
I dont know why I'm still up knowing I gotta get up tomorrow
I took the bait from your feed. Man, we are both jerks. Now we know why blogs are saying bad things about us.
Love to have you on T to plan on Wednesday 3.14.12 9 Eastern / 6 Pacific. You available then?
HE TALKED TO LOUIS :)
I appreciate that you point out many romances are better written & plotted (and are actually more sexy).
RT : Calling people back is my least favorite means of communication. Ever. Of all time. // TOTES.
RT : I like big brains and I cannot lie.
I love seeing parents put their kids on leashes . That shits helarious
No. Why?
u still get worked up about that stuff?? By now we all know how the media treats the heat... Hater going to hate
Bored as fuckkkk
Working in Studio City today. Luckily was able to postpone a shoot I had scheduled in Santa Barbara. Weather sucks!
Off to ACRL in the morning -- which will be energizing after days of budget meetings.
lmao ok well she is still gorgeous!!! I'm so jealous of her lol
Watch out for ghost foremen!
yep hoping he goes rouge and runs as third party
Playing prince jams with Erykah, not too shabby
where are you baby? ^.<
really enjoys watching the Madison Common Council.
Bus back to Boston <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+008C>
Come on now! Never been to Barton Springs? Never seen the tower orange? #aggiesuck Feel sorry for ya man!!
OH!!!! That's right. I knew I new that from somewhere! Yumm!! Bug Juice!!
And she did!
chicago was cold,but not to bad! Had great time! Bck home in Indiana
Win a McFlurry from FOX6 and McDonald's! Just tell us your weekend plans. Email with your answer.
Tweet babies!! Sup!
unsure yet oo;
Looking out my window at this beautiful central Indiana day; may I say this has definitely been the Best Winter Ever?!
except for getting by and making friends, what does Obama believe in?? (I don't know)
Congratulations, Micki! Crossing my fingers for you and your funding!
That just seriously pissed me the fuck off.... wow..
I'll be obliged if you stepped outside, smoking that bum ass shit, bitch you gets no play in this ride
yoooooo GM, Thank You Lord for this WONDERFUL day
Niggas is outchea hurting since #drose been injured. Smh, I tried to tell em it's #lakernation or injure yourself
This may be a pet peave, but I believe when you want someone to help you the wisest 1st step is not to start by insulting that person.
Co-worker: Is this lipstick too dark? Me: No its the perfect shade of slut.
Who run the world? Girls!!!!! Become your own boss! It's easy, got an idea make it work.
": the major difference is that we Win in the playoffs #GoSpursGo!!
lookout for that fruit ninja...
otay well i need to find a new topic though :/ lol
I agree that they will win
would love to talk to you again about being on the show.
I though it is we are threatened by drones
Seems like all of Floyd's little joke punches land hard, while opponents punches that draw cheers barely ever get him clean.
that guardian-school balance seems eerily off to me..
yep, one can only hope.
What's for dinner Jimmy -Large Hot Steamed Crabs-Lobster Tails -Maryland Crab soup! Jimmy’s Seafood 6526 Holabird Avenue Baltimore, MD 21224
Because I made it . (:
listening to my nigga work hard play hard
MAY 1ST NWC PRESENTS DA LOUNGE SKATE GIVEAWAYS/GRANDOPENING WIT DJ ELEMENT ROCK N DA SHOP, HARD ! WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
will this day end? headed to a family meeting at #TPS then onto for international talk like a #pirate day... arrrrgh!
Watchin the fight & we're takin bets on what Bieber's M.O. is N bein there. My vote is that Money, Fitty & Bieber R gonna do a rap album LOL
Thought: indigenous shamanic healers are distinguished from questionable sorcerers by their identification & service to a community.
I beat the system. I have a chiropractor. They get nothing.
Is it just me or did the weekend fly by?
at least. our arteries will thank us.
Jenn (singer): "...... Banana" Kris (drums): *smiles* Jenn: "you're so dirty even your smile is nasty"
Looking forward to watching the #manchesterderby. Let's go City!!!
giving a presentation today on my #SXSW experience. Makes me want to go back!
it really is! :)
That's full of awesome! Thanks for organizing all the events this week!
I hope when I die there is an instant onslaught of Facebook and Twitter jokes.
"This dude on TV got stoned to death in like the 1800s." / "That musta been some crazy weed bro."
I figured I had overplanned for today, but I like to be ambitious on Mondays. lol.
Among Romney's top financial donors are the nation's biggest banks. Goldman Sachs tops the list with $235,000
when do I poke you with umbrellas ??
Too bad the NBA #Bobcats aren't guaranteed to get Anthony Davis, like the #Colts were assured of Andrew Luck at the end of last season.
HAHAHAHAHA, YOU FELL! Oh shitt, you're crying.
thanks a ton bro.
no problem.... And we the same sign<U+E405>... I use to b in the air force
This So Perfect:))
which song did you pick finally ?
Who are you!? O_o
Feel like I learned something from that survey.
Touchdown!!!! Eli to Cruz! Tie game
Day 3 ughghghghgh..totally not alive enough for this, and I bet it's gonna be hot today.
Its gonna get worse before it gets better
I know :/ I'm jamming. Just sucks that I have to pay for parking...oh well, I'll see if I can get it reimbursed. :/
thanks Bob...won't be long before your in that western
No matter how many people tell you that you can't do it, never give up.
have a good weekend, friend!
That is great we need you at cnn
I've been living in wisconsin for a month already.. Wow
"It's more important to be respected than liked."
Little unknown twitter fact: The song "Ring of fire" was inspired by Johnny Cash's herpes outbreak he contacted from Kris Kristofferson.
snap backs & tattoos
Birthdays are hard work. I missed you
Bet it was fun LOL
Thank you and
Boy we are climbing in follows, thanks to you all! Just a couple hundred more and #1000 wins the autographed CD! More contests to follow!
"Alright let's do this shit––LEEEROOOYYYY nnnnJJJEEENNKKINNNSSS!!!" -Montee Ball just before touching the ball every handoff.
tonight is like out of a movie... so glad i chose this night to stay in.
- of course you know I'm in. Let's hatch a plan. Anything we can do to help spread the word on the great things they are doing???
Can't believe I forgot how good I feel with 8 hrs sleep verses my normal 5 hrs. Today is going to be a Positive and Productive day
have fun
Thank you for getting my red ball out from under the desk! Over and over again. . .
Nadia R. is participating in the Salao do Estudante for the University of Delaware English Language Institute at the Hotel Tivoli, Sao Paulo
I'm proud of you too!
let me in real quick
you should fill her whole stocking with reeses cups! And the xmas tree ones!
Happy Birthday girl! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
awww drew and rachel
undergraduate research symposium listening to Liz Scheib report on the dramaturgy of Dutch sex workers
Any thoughts on what made others unwilling? Lack of training? Difficulty of the work? Not a "people person"?
Yes Penn Station!!!
talk ab me all u want, but dnt call my bf ugly!!!!!!!!
This year I'm prepared.
I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you #Belieber 67
Hey friends in Columbia, SC. Go see The Sea Wolf Mutiny at New Brookland Tavern Friday night!
I get your tweets sent to my phone:-)
We had a lockdown at our school and everyone came into our classroom screaming
Way to go, #NC. Keeping the south scary since 1789.
The Junior Dance playlist is halfway done. Anyone got any suggestions?
ditto is experiencing news overload today - when it rains, it pours.
The #shamrock run went great in #PDX! Many people with #healthproblems in #Oregon are realizing #chiropractic care can help!
That's a pretty fantastic bag, just in time for beach season! Haha
what of?
tomorrow bitch lmao
cuz youre not my bf he said how come im not? I said you aint ask me out then he asked
I left 40 degree Seattle WA to come to 82 degree Northampton MA. My bones are warm. Nice.
Long trains <
Why do cities seem to attract people that like to walk around talking to themselves?
I'm stuck in #Boston #traffic but I'm on my way , can't wait to get glammed up by you!
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in knowledge. ~Einstein
about what?
11:11 on 11/11/11 My friend Azucena Pascual (Suzie) pushed the send button and off went the final copy of Text You to the publishers!!!
#CES is kicking off! Excited to see how #3d is changing the game. RT for chance to win free #3dmobile brand consultation!
#whoeverimarry will have to understand a woman's worth
my dermal jewel thingy keeps turning green >.<
Yo Buss How I Four "Lt. Surge's Pikachu" Pokemon Card On The Ground outside
Todd's spend alot of time in the box today, playing extra dirty
Gah that's where i stayed in LA 2 wks ago .. RT Lesson learned: Don't do drugs at Oakwood Apartments it is cursed.
I know I fucked it up, but it would be great to get that loot today :/
Stop Holding on to what hurts and make room for what feels good
your main photo is epic!! Thanks for sharing and hello :-) !
Writing, editing, marketing three key aspects for successful writing
Hey your chair says thank you for taking the day off
to be fair, the 1986 #RHCP show was empty at the Button South, but 1987 at the Cameo was sold out.
I love you girl , I rides for you any day boo «3•_•
#nw Dear John (:
I'm a Heat fan, but Kevin Durant is fucking raw
Who's from the library world ? I'm a director at UCLA Library. Any other librarians in the house?
“: Thanks, sorry for the delayed response. Who's your favorite player on the Ravens?” hey it's
#Rihanna -Drunk on love >
Today went great! Heading back home now...
I swear doesn't do UX testing. Timeline is required now, eh?
How was the bear nonchalant?
Wow! I've just read your story. I honor your courage. I honor you.
4/16 is 4sqDay... be sure to check in to your favorite bar to get the #foursquare badge!
send me a DM, no problem
Going home from the hospital xD yay!
#FESPA Wrap Cup Masters Series Americas Match 1.4 begins at 12:55 pm in booth 1083 at #GOA2012. Come check it out!
I'd like Terra Nova to open up its plots/characters to something darker and grittier. The family-friendly feel is what killed it.
My report for spam hand is strong.
Replying Pony Express style. Thanks for your kind words, and back at you!
Jakarta is in Indonesia. Your story is almost like my story. What's your hobby?
They have only liked them for like a day
leslieR: Flight canceled; getting rebooked on another airline. Ah, the joys of travel.
yes sir we are celebrating
:)sequestered,writing.Yes thought once of a store "Eye Metaphysician" adjusts glasses to fit view of reality-close!lol. you?
thanks. :) but I think this is gonna be a tough rut to get out of
Smh this situation man
you rebel!
Happy New Year!!! May all your wishes come true!
You're my inspiration :)
Will Ferrell can make any one laugh without even trying
Off to DIA on a plane, whr i will tweet again aftr my 10 min. flight, and get to wait 45 mins :)
I'm following you too! wear your jean skirt tonight!
so, what did you get? in Chinchilly or in San Tan Tonio?
come in out of the cold and warm up with out HOT games!
Happiness is not a desination, it’s a way to travel.
Ok back to the drawing board. Patience and belief in the father. Your will be done. But your child is so fussy lord. Lol. Help me please.
Lets lower those outbound costs, and raise those sales! Call us at 866.460.6611
bruh don't worry we got this #LakerNation bitch and I ain't 15 so get yo facts straight son
RT : Join 100s of other Smart Women for a one-time free call on Thursday at 1 CST on Smart Business Models 101...
Lol I Don't See U HAahaha :D
Longshoremen in Ports of San Francisco and Oakland shut them down in solidarity with Wisconsin workers on election day.
If you want something you’ve never had, you must be willing to do something you’ve never done.
Love seeing Crosby fight there. Team is desperate to save the season. A bit worried that a guy with a conclusion problem had to go there.
Job searching is a drag...I'm open to any new leads in the DFW area
Be careful of your thoughts, they may become words at any moment.
really liking the word 'sultry' this week for some reason
I find Egyptian dynastic periods fascinating! My term paper Karnak and religious practice. 300 lvl class. I may be addicted
Hi! SEO question for you! Are widgets as strong for SEO on other sites as link backs are? Thanks!
Love me a movie and dinner! Totally brightens up my day to laugh with my amazing mother and grandma and eat delish food!
Happy Birthday Lee Newton!!!!!! May the Force be with you.
wow I wouldn't want to be them right now. Thanks for sharing
Looking for decent priced tickets (2) to Panthers @ Capitals next week - April 5th - come on, someone help me out. Go !!
Why are police there? What's going down?
SP lowers Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac senior debt to 'AA+' Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes.
You'll be back better than ever next year. I have faith. Work hard man.
Youtube wont work on my comp=/ they were "receiving a large volume of requests from your network" WHAT? was probably the
Hi Brenda, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
It sure seems like I spend a lot of time on Mondays thinking about how much I love the people I got to see on Sunday. you rock!
Quench your thirst w/ #getUGLY FF
Thank you for attending our town hall meeting today! We hope you gained valuable information on how school consolidation will impact kids.
omg...you are so funny you made my husband cry while watching your show. We can't wait until the next special!
I'm glad you're starting your Monday out right & ready! Stick with the plan & Im sure things will fall into place for u! Good luck!
Wiped out big time in front of a full house in CLE last night. Knee is better (swollen, but manageable), but pride still a bit bruised, LOL.
Just met an NPR photographer using a light box made of Magic Hat boxes and tissue paper. Says he saved about $80.
When your parents don't realize that our generation sucks.
Request your song by tweeting ! Happy hour... $5 eats, $4 wells, $3 drafts, 1/2 off tequila!
come check out surrender nightclub this wed night!! let me know if you want to go ! i can help you out! only
blue collar shit
#WeCantWorkOutIf your a cheater..be like the sister wives if you want more that one women....
#MaraMonday Most Inspirational Moment was meeting youu<3 Now im more dedicated ICONiac then i ever was before(: thank you!!
Now that 2011 #ANDEmetrics Conf is over, the real work begins. Where will we be in 2012? Remember where we were last year?
I'm in my bed, You're in yours, One of us is OBVIOUSLY in the wrong place KMT
I must have seen Blood In Blood Out over 100 times lol
u getting sick with ps
My body so sore i done caught somethin :( i feel like shit
Nothing ever really goes according to plan, thnx for the support & patience. #OneforOne will be making it's debut soon...
New day... New start... New FOCUS!
Muscular guy like you, going deep into my ass, me on my back you facing me, with my hands on ur pecs.
Stop being so greedy labels/bands! Digital download price should not be 75% of the CD price!
you are the sweetest thing ever! I'm glad you liked it :)
Being at work on a Saturday is actually fun when your clients are this awesome!
Words cannot describe how glad I am that we don't have school tomorrow.
Cathy Zoi, ex-DOE: The single biggest influence on public policy questions (in env/energy) will be the business community
“: STFU!!!! LMFAO I WAS GONE SHARE MY DONUTS WITH U” I'm sorry I ain't mean what I just said :-/
Much. The posturing and pretentiousness have a lot more to do with HBO's house style, I'm afraid.
multitasking kind of sucks
I'm awake somehow...but anywho it's Mario day!
We will be soon looking for your ideas on what designs you'd like to see in our catalog. We're getting close to a social media launch!
RT: I'm not saying Susan Boyle causes swine flu. I'm just saying nobody had swine flu, she sang on tv, people got swine flu.
<U+200E>5.8 Earthquake hits the DC Region. Hope everyone is safe. The phone lines are down... can't reach anybody in the DMV
Killer glassware. Resepect.
My first New Year #2012Resolution... I will keep all my usernames/passwords in convenient/secure place and change them monthly.
If this were NBA 2K I would have already turned the 360 off, by accident of course
love that photo. It will be remembered years from now.
YES! I'm in! RT : Who wants to go to this? RT : MAYER HAWTHORNE & THE COUNTY May 15, Majestic $25
Man tiny need to keep her money to herself!
Freak Folk.
THE SECRET SEMINAR! is FREE! Imagine having Jay-Z's Manager Contact, or Bad Boys A&Rs contact. . .If you are an ACTOR, MODEL or in...
Yayy ill have yet another nephew!!!
I highly recommend the Pattison Avenue Could eat it every day!
thanks for the RT!
Best of luck with your furniture business! If you ever need any of our services or suggestions feel free to message us.
has an iPhone!! Yay!!!
Why are you just everywhere all of a sudden?
Finally well is 18
New Offices in New YORK and Paris, another in Bartlett Tenn..we are doing well.
:) about these cds you need to get pressed RT : my name is on the fuckin flyer dog. this is the best Tuesday of my life
that rat is going to be listening to some life of agony when I get home...
Turn that frown upside down...we're going camping!
I followed
I guess I'll just have to call you sexy, handsome, cute and good looking everyday now :)
This probably isn't my smartest choice right now, but at the moment I really don't care.
i know, i know. Fml <U+E413>
I'm in a seminar on how to improve our social networking presence and how to help more peope with their Real Estate needs.
We sell goats to at least one family every year for Mother's Day forpast 12 years. We had one lady return them haha. Not her cup o tea.
a bro who good?
I literally hate drinking hangovers SUCK!
does anyone know any SEO firms based in Iceland?
I'm so so tired
jamming a long playlist of unheard podcasts while clicking buttons all day
Is that the same actor in #Precious and #TheBlindSide sorry I had to say it
thank u
MIT media lab's metrics of success: uniquesness, massive impact, & magic.
ROOMS AVAILABLE TONIGHT! Come eat dinner, drink whiskey, and sleep off Sunday.
It's in the can! Making movies folks, its a dirty job, but someone has to do it!!! Get ready for the next step: behind the scenes Material!
o good lol i just hate to be annoying
Break a leg on your opening of Romeo & Juliet tomorrow night!
I'd need extra day on the week An extra hour on the clock Just to show you how beautiful you are
team #ubersxsars high<cough><sputter>5!
do u know if rookies are staying in Cleveland to participate in OTAs or are they returning home?
's Workforce Leadership Summit on April 13th - April 14th filling up fast.. openings 4 HIgh School still available.
wish u success. Great article on m&f on u. Amzg gym hours. Terrible
...great show!!
Okay Chicago Bulls fans, seasons over...maybe next year...
Happy Easter!! Have a good day! Say hi to everyone!! <3
I thought he jumped the gun on the Chinese dissident. Sec Clinton was on the ground while he was trying to politicize it.
Enjoy #TravelTuesday - Don't spend it on the phone or browsing unrelated options - book in your calendar by your prefs
Thank you!! RT "I Want Your Money" is one of my favorite movies of all time.
And happy sales to you! :D
Nicki Minaj's Stupid Hoe song flunking! People keep saying your! Will this song reach to the top or flunk to the bottom?!
RT Above all, love each other deeply, because love covers over a multitude of sins. -1Peter 4:8
You make me feel like the only girl in the world, you keep me smiling even when I'm down, I love you so much. No one compares 3/31/12.<3
talked to today. Need to get in touch with you while in New Orleans?
Sometimes we do everything right and still lose. So what do you do? Keep going. 1 day you will win.
Is that Tim Tebow's semi?
I shall. ": talks about her experience with #autism. Listen out on and "
Orioles go back to back to back in the first inning.
I hear you and agree. I'm hoping for Green or Peterson.
Do you have a middle name you don't tell anyone about? Care to share it with us? C'mon we won't judge....
Wild Boar Brats , Smoked Garlic Sausage today:-) Triple Chocolate Brownies ! Also 2qtr lb Regular Beef or Polish Beef for $6.00
Why am I not surprised? lol
Good morning, #Albuquerque! We're open in t-10 minutes and ready to launch your apparel and promotional products branding mission today! ;)
do it
Happy Friday!
I NEED YOU...PROFESSIONALLY. Call me, will inbox you.
Thank you! :D
Goodnight everyone, come back tomorrow and say Hello to your fellow Farm friends! Our strain of the day is Super Silver Berry!
Man tired bout to faint
yeah girl!!! Seriously, best first job I could have asked for lol
all we need now is #SanFran & we'll be ready!!! July 1st can't come soon enough!!
I seriously need a break from working office jobs. This 9 to 5 thing is not the business - never was...
#NoMatterWhatImGonna Stay True To Myself, My Fans, Family And Friends. The "Me" You See Now Will Be The Same "Me" 10 Years From Now
“: Never thought I'd be jealous of fox dorks north reporters.. But I am #TheyreInNYC #FB” barf new makeup tho
A girl with her long wavy brown hair ? It is Arianna Lindsay McSmith
im lightweight out of snacks... well the shit i want... i want some damn cheesecake or sweet potato pie or somethin.... or some donuts
i'm completely caught up!! Waiting for the new one to come out not on hbo
OUCH MY HIP. Dont want to practice for four hours right now.
iim on my way
The number one rule of love: you can never be just friends with someone that you're in love with.
check your email bro. ^.^
Perfect day for a road trip. Likely End destination: a ditch in eastern Washington
Cake n hall paid for cash money I'm the queen around here lol love that movie
#JoeyDiamondFact joey finds it a bit annoying when people ask about his sexual preference....
Thanks for the #FF love, Cindy : )
Happy birthday!!
Having a great time at the concert! is killing it on the drums!
Why do you wish you hadn't clicked it?
indeed. Lady approved!
I am not registered to vote. Yes certain people will kick my ass when they find out. Voted for Obama and got a letter my signature rejected!
"I'm not going to be the first president to lose a war." - Lyndon B. Johnson
in most cases the viewing habits and the level of engagement is different
It's not summer yet people...
Thx for the invite! I'm lunching with today, though. Enjoy!
How is that unique? They've played it at Braves games for years.
what you know about jetalert??
is going to Brazil in June!
CHRONIC PAIN MOVEMENT TO MUSIC groups forming NOW for summer (Boston North - Lynnfield) Call me NOW for a consult!! 9782907090
you've got it backward. you're *my* idol. also, you haven't met the right cats yet. (right cats = teva and isabel)
Yu a hot starr.. no bitch badder!
You cannot control situations that arise or what other people will do. But you can choose how you will meet each experience.
says he wants events like this to be normal. this shouldn't be uncommon and exceptional
Sometimes when I look into people's eyes I can see where they've been and what they've been through.
I'm a Scorpio, I'm all or nothing, right now I'm 100% angry....
Looking to buy or sell a home, call She handles all of my social media too. I'm everywhere shooting video and she promotes it.
I'M SO EXCITED
The Oh Group is a sponsors for the Asian Festival on 5/12. Make sure you come out for this FREE family event: 11AM-7PM @ Main Street Garden.
that's what you get for taking so long in that bathroom...
Sure am glad my spring break will not consist of needing to be tan or wear a swimsuit.
Years I was at #mladla I always felt like I was the only one with a laptop/iPad in the room. Means no fighting for outlets tho.
People don't sue very often. No one knows if it is fair, and Lawyers cost money.
Guy just barehanded Markakis home run ball.
Bout to fuck up sum food
Thanks Newt Gingrich for clearing that up for me.
YES i AM a UFO believer. are u ?
Great times w you dropping knowledge at #demo2012 will have to catch you again in
Follow back not spam..
When you point your finger, you have 3 pointing back at you.
RT : "If you aren't going all the way, why go at all?" --Joe Namath
is it though?
Did you color coordinate to the car on purpose? Those gals taught you something, after all!
In Rainbows for my morning commute today.
Downtown subleases are the way to go lately, plenty of space for Class B prices.
i am betting yes...should finish with at least 22 wins
I second that! Come hungry ! Come all!
Oh man, here we go!
Honestly, what's wrong with me? Can't even do one simple project right.
followback,is Sexy related to Watch Desperate Housewives Online
Looks cool. Hope it goes well!
You mean the filename isn’t a primary repository of all descriptive metadata? Heathen! :-)
#heavenhelpme talk to strangers, heaven help me over you...everything reminds my heart of you.....another good one you don't hear too often.
no zip-lining Tinkerbell anymore???
5 meta-analysis show exercise provides the same results for mild-major depression as drugs w/out neg side effects To your Dr, "Just say no".
The first Friday after the first full week of teaching seems so much like a lie. At least tomorrow's a chance to sleep in.
Gee thanks, Rachel! I was feeling SO guilty shopping at Walmart until you gave me permission. But isn't my choice evil??
Bring it Rizz!
Sometimes I wanna give up on this life and start all over I don't feel satisfied with who I've become
Photo sessions for $50 all week long. Let me know
STARTING TUESDAY - $3 downtown DELIVERIES for your weekday lunches!
please follow me please vinny please follow me please vinny please follow me
The Balt Credit Improvement Program is offering free credit workshops, report reviews & counseling. For info call Pete Pakas at 410-545-6958
Waiting in line for the Joan Didion talk at the Vibiana two hours in advance with some hardcore ladies.
GUYS! Did you hear?! LL Cool J was added to Ravinia! I'm going to get my wine & cheese gangsta boogie on y'all!
A fucking lynx. Omg.
Best of luck to everyone who is playing in the WSOPC Events at the
on twitter, ill keep growing with this which i should just like facebook
I only miss you when I'm breathing.
Technology these days is amazing..if you haven't already, check out Tupac of the most amazing things I've seen in a while!
So..... I was thinking..... The beach, the waves, the sun, the sand, a few drinks, and a deep tan!!! Who's taking me, lol!
Subscribe and add me on youtube, Facebook and Myspace!
": Gotta think so. RT : does Perry start from day 1?" But they just resigned WALDEN!??
This conversation is making me feel really old. Kids these days, with their shazaming & whatnot...
Great remedies here to prevent or relieve your symptoms! Here are my notes posted about Allergies, Eczema, and Asthma. Man I love !
how much?
Thanks so much! Me TO! :) They're both on the list. :)
Me: my foot hurts Ryan: MAYBE YOU SHOULD STOP SUCKING DICK
#SAYSOMETHIN . We love that song austin <333 It´s awesome (:
I pray for you & your family for strength & much more love 4 your family during this time. May Jehovah always guide you&yours.
I've got tix for Strasmas tomorrow night. What games are you headed to?
Hi, my path is not updating at all help please.
Dept. of Rude Chairs = band name of the day (courtesy )
“: ": The value of a woman is worth more than gold." the right woman. . .” ms. sherice would be d name.
Theres no other choice but to, unfortunately
you got it :]
much luv to texas and louisiana - feels kinda good to be back though
17 baskets a awesome video
You may know someone who has HIV/AIDS, or even someone who has died from it. If so, you will have seen how HIV/AIDS can affect families.
His hair should have its own photo.
Wish we could have gotten him. We need pass rush!!
Bitches ain't shit and they ain't say nothing.. A hundred mother fuckers can't tell me nothing.
Good for you!! That all sounds brilliant. And day off Friday too! Enjoy!! :)
Relaxing at home today
Here's a handy leadership tip from JP Morgan Chase CEO James Dimon: “You have to fight self-deception." Hm.
Listening to
Officer Birkholz was a Kenosha native and moved to Fond du Lac to work for the police department.
We wish everyone a Happy and Safe Holiday Season!
“: Mitt Romney is "in touch" with the American people, through his call center in Bangalore.”
that sucks dude
Want a #nude discount getaway $100 per night Caliente Resorts
cute :P
": my outfit for this evening has FINALLY been approved!" -what, no pix?
Enough with the Bootstrap sites already. Hacker news is overflowing with them..
Pat kirch gives me so much hope.
that's cute!
I miss having someone to call my own :(
if your muscles are tired (but not sore) does that mean you're overworking them and need rest or does that mean you're doing good?
Soo our secretary just told us that tomorrow we are being taken out to lunch for Teacher's Day. Guess where??? Hooters! HA!!!
In The lab Mixing Tracks
I found a fatal flaw in the logic of Love, and got out of my head.
My heart can't tell you no
had much fun tonight with my loves
I just need one more thing to be complete.
finally created a *simple* workflow for converting DXFs exported from Processing to STLs for 3d printing or generating CNC toolpaths
You're welcome!
Steamed littleneck clams with sopressata, potatoes, spicy pickled carrots, celery & white wine... Yum!
Credit card systems down all over the country, but no news of it anywhere? WTH. On the upside, my sis & I got into Hunger Games for free.
“I’m convinced that about half of what separates the successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance”. Steve Jobs
Yo ain't following me back, that's that shit I don't like!
feel your pain bro
Okay. It's official. These meds aren't cutting it. Time to up the ante.
RT : -__- I didn't miss you, I was concerned about your absences!
Today feels like its already been the longest day of the year D:
You can’t reach what’s in front of you until you let go of what’s behind you.
And so much more happened in this series ending, I can't begin to understand half of it, since I rarely got the opportunity to watch it....
HAPPY 19th BIRTHDAY NATHAN JAMES SYKES!! I love you soo much!!!<U+2764><U+2764>
RT : About to smack my patient!! (Judge me idgaf) Lol.. Dnt worry, the Judge will most definitely do that. U going to jail homie
Leaving the jail now...
they must have forgot to mention the assassination tht took place there as well. knows what I mean.
Responded to FIRE @ 1250 38th St, Brooklyn, NY 11218. Red Cross auto update.
well said.
I need to Tweet more,but Life is so Boring right now.In April I start a new job working with a photographer as his make-up artist. Excited!
I won't make it this time
Looking for sports bloggers to write stories on specific #NBA #MLB & #NFL teams. Fans or non fans, reply. Just need 2 be able to take stance
Email info @ makrs.com(no spaces) and we'll discuss. :)
. is afraid of American reporters, but flippantly says that "...anybody would give that order" to take out OBL
2 weeks until Out Of Your Head Improv classes start at Actors Comedy Studio. Can't wait to teach! Sign up at www.actorscomedystudio.
lol I'm on kendall and 107th though probably a little far for you, ask Maria for a #cortadito lol
My goal is to go to my last stupid ass freshman class hungover.
Praying for a safe journey!
ok I'm following both accounts now
You're an adult, and you're carrying a Ziploc baggie of cash to the library? I can recommend some stores for wallets...
yeah it is pretty cute r u a boy or girl i am a girl !!!
As long as someone can edit, A Google Doc is never finished. You're right that this reveals something about writing in general.
When you think you do something weird until there's a group or status about it and your like 'phew im not the only one'
I agree #Retail if you are going mobile, concentrate on the #mobile experience, then product, price and positioning.
. Thanks for the RT, Bonnie!
Outpost for Contemporary Art hosts temp installation of work by Bowers & Koumoundouros this Friday 6-9 pm. Come check it out!
Truth. They did beat Cincy earlier this season...when Fab was out. So there's that.
Nutella really makes the children manageable in the morning..
When life gives you lemons, dismember it with a chainsaw.
Spring ahead w/some highlights and your cut is FREE!!($50value)with Kelly Thurs/Fri/Sat Only CALL 256-3490,Lets sun kiss your locks today!
Thanks! We'll see what happens, crossing my fingers the training goes well! Miss you!
me too!
thank you uniport!
Morris and I are down, but it's going to cost you. Getting him out of prison might be pretty expensive.
Does Russ Westbrook never get tired? or tired of missing jumpers?
"Wrinkled Was Not One of the Things I Wanted to Be When I Grew Up"
Can you follow me so I can invite you to join CNN's live coverage of this breaking news story?
YOU'RE MISSING OUT. rookie ass bitch
Hope you had a Happy Birthday!
My books and other neat things for more than one day continued. Now that is a miracle of Friday!
....Dan, im a remote worker. Let me know if i can help.
thought Winnipeg was above the tree line :)
How is it we just know which foods have made us sick?
RT : RT : Matters of the heart suck. I mean you have heartache, heartbreak, heart attack...
You're right, they ain't no Reyes and...oh nevermind.
Since money was the focus of today's #DailyQuote, we've got a moolah-inspired question for you coming up at 11 a.m.
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you! ~
Thanks 4 the follow back John. Isn't there some statistics out there about bacteria & eating @ the office desk?! Enjoy lunch!
Thanks for a great #sschat. Hopefully, I will get to be involved in more. Spring break this week for me.
Curtis? Are you single?
Keep ya head up. No pun intended.
About 20 mins away, but I have to drop the kids off at my moms first.
at the buzzer!
Today my dad starts physical therapy... He's been there so often that they know him by name
Oregon Ducks tennis preparing to smash UCSB tennis this weekend, we betting on this?!
Is this what we on? You gettin soft on me. #BadBusiness RT #IfWeWereTogetherRightnow she would be layin in my arms.
....can't wait to hang out this weekend...LOL
if u got ass 4 days os sexy swag u might b a hip hop girl contest contest contest!!!! 5000.00$$$$ grand prize!!!! www.hiphopgirlz.com
My Jets are in BIG trouble. Sanchez throws pick 6,not good.
supporting #reading and eduction one book at a time, inspiring #interview for #DLF, big book launch #party tomorrow!
Happy mothers day
Morning all you Stars and Studs! {Blows a kiss to you all!} Raw is tonight!!!!!
dare I say right back at ya?
yeeh oh n ive asked u like a billion times lol umm how much are the tickets??
I taught a continuing ed class in prewar American experimental music a few months ago - fantastic experience.
reports: PFD deposited into Anch couple's account, then erroneously garnished, then deposited again.
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 16
not joining tonight, but may join on Tuesday at for Tech & Entrepreneurship Power #Network!
About to go put in work on my electrical construction lab.
Hollande edges Sarkozy by 3.3%. The Socialist candidate and current Conservative President will battle it out in the May election
Give God your heart He wont break it<3
I just said the word "exponents" out loud for no real reason.
I just want my bed
Game Day! Spurs vs Raptors. Go Spurs Go!
dude yes. I was riding behind him and saw it. Crazy
RT Tune in to #CSPAN 1 today at 3:00 p.m. for Ralph Nader's "Debating Taboos" event.
My girlfriend is #awesome!!!!
Seriously is track practice happening around the campus down here?
baking all day long, then seeing my man at night...hmm sounds like a perfect day to me tomorrow.
link, please? :)
In a perfect world, both.
That looks a bit confusing, why not skip the puzzle and just drink the wine?
Lotto time!!!
curious as to why you blocked me.
Gold Card Week starts tomorrow! Stock up on your monthly supplements and buy some great stocking stuffers!
the moment when you realize facebook has made more changes than obama since he became president.
Thanks stinker:) I love you!!
I don't think you do really know!
Finally home! 1st track meet tomorrow , I'm so nervous yet excited , let's see how it goes !
he did
shout out
Good question! RT : How do you use technology to make your product better?
u got H1N1 swine flu
Just made a j.cole, 2chainz, and drake pandora station. #summer2k12 let's go!!
and not deserved.
r u gonna ignore my subject on medical cannabis?
aw naw I ain't stressed, I'm just enjoying how warm it is!! This is smoking outside weather. ~_~
I gotta check out your geocities site!
could you believe I've never once played scrabble :/
I cannot stop reading The Hunger Games. Staying up late to read is so rebellious. Take that week night.
Time and Gems Reviews the Rolex Kentucky Sporting Event
My kids are little (2 & 4) so it's a craft they can participate in, and it keeps my creative juices flowing! Have fun!
how many g of protein does the slice of double pep have? i guessed at 12. didn't see it on the nutrition menu online
We gotta get you some real California IN N OUT instead of the Dallas stuff
Guys with green eyes >>>>>
The self is not something that one finds; it is something that one creates. -Thomas Szasz
WHATS UP BRO? ARE YOU STILL DOING MUSIC?
We want you to help us spread the word about LocalBonus! RT this!
10 more days of school 5 days till talent show :D exciting stuff coming up!!
Dont Really know What i see...
I made my mother cook bacon. I got it like that.
Thanks for your time today ! It was fun talking to you and I hope I can show you my heels in person soon!
I been everywhere looking for someone...looking for that one...looking for you babe
i've been on the streets since 7 in the fuckinqq morning ! not going back home lol .
I love Mick,huge fan but his comedy confuses me.
Just cuz I didn't get my sis a prez 4 her bday doesn't mean we don't give her anything anyother day
Hoping for good sleeps tonight... Sweet dreams
Thanks!! I'll post the lungs next... ;-)
I'm sure...I went back in 2001 & it was incredible. Maybe next year! Where is #NCSS2012?
Ex-slave Jourdan Anderson’s answer to his former master in Big Spring, Wilson County, requesting he come back to Tenn. -...
Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings. --Ralph Blum
It seems like everytime I take painkillers I have to add one to feel better.
D.Wade bullied his coach. I missed this highlight of him yelling at Erica Strada
im about 3 cookies away from being a complete fatass
perfect, thanks. When I bought tickets I didn't think they might secure the division that night, could happen!! :)
looking for a good RSS application on FB to pull blog posts into a FB page. Suggestions?
i think it's so cute when a girl has to tippy toe to kiss the boy :')
At first she was afraid, now she's petrified.....literally. RIP Donna Summers #TooSoon ?
I want some Captain Crunch
omg he annoys the h3ll outta me but i care about him
Wake up at 7 to work on paper due today. Spend the first hour listening to music
In or out this week: Aaron Rodgers? I only trust your word, big man. You need to get me on your workout plan, I'm willing to pay
These pictures all make me feel pretty weird!!
GO BEYONCE I LOVE YOU!!!!!!! Congratrs with the bayba
what is on my mind? hmm....whats on YOUR mind, twitter? im sick of explaining my problems. its someone else's turn.
We are having a late dinner of Red beans and rice with sausage. What are you guys having or what did you have?
was god
Good luck to all the CCB dancers at the United States Dance Championships!
thanks im gonna NEED IT! lol
Work meeting at panera. Hoping it leads to some new business for the office.
christian <3 my babe .
I'm waiting for to get back to me. Hang on.
Yes, and I've been researching career coaches and finding a serious lack of them in DC.
And the second shift is arriving. Yay! Bring coffee!
It was just gas... you aren't having a baby?
“I am a leaf on the wind. Look at how I soar.”
Of course my mood is messed up now.
Congrats for making ALL-AMERICAN honorable mention!! So excited for you!
nvm found you.
I thought it was all I needed
When you make something as out of the ordinary as a silent film, it's going to get some kind of award. Or Best Picture.
Skyfall: Naomie Harris on Bond girl Eve: A new video diary by the actress playing Miss Moneypenny in 'Skyfall' h..
funny ass set the stage for we still laughing.. Great show fellas... Kisses n hugs
Needing a haircut. Arg but mtgs. IDEA: There should be roaming barbers on campus that cut your hair during ineffective meetings. yes.
Can't wait to try dinner at in Love the way the sunlight hits the gardens :)
Awh well thank you!!
go out and vote for Ron Paul.
Any news from the boat show today? Need to make another visit. Today or tomorrow?
Promises mean everything, but after they are broken, sorry means nothing.
will the Google docs app finally let me view my apps for domains email attachments on my phone? Cause that would be sweet.
people need to realize ur wire face
Power Up Your Career workshop starts in 10 minutes!
#IGetJealousOf the cute gay guys in a relationship, why can't that be me?
Fun eve with my husband at Cirque.
I NEED ONE MORE FOLLOWER!!!
Haven't heard of it, but I'll check it out. I need some summer books. Well, a LOT of summer books, apparently . . .
I want some grits. Care to share? XD
#FF we love working with
I miss you :)
Weezy F baby . The F is for fascinate . <3
Mean while after school me & my two friends got chased by a dog lmao! Funniest day of my LIFE!!!
that boy.
really good bands that i love HATE florida. these tours are making me angry
Bond International Software updates StaffSuite platform to support QR codes - QR Code Press
#mobile2012 sessions to include "That's My App-Students Can Make Apps," "Comparing Apples and Androids" & "Streamling Communication."
what the heck you weren't following me?
"When Zayn is very tired, he wouldn't care who you are, he'll automatically sleep on your shoulder" RT if you want Zayn to sleep on you.
Riley is my everything if u ever do anything to disrespect her im done with you
Nothing is real
Great day with my wife, daughter, Mom, Dad, sister, and nephew. Great but expensive. Now time to catch the end of the Bulls game!
One of my many goals: Change people's lives
I've gotten so tired! Going to bed early.
Sexiest Boyfriend ever
Sometimes I wonder why I even bother ever closing my computer's file of ' "Confronting the Challenges of Participatory Culture"
I know right!!!!
In this week’s Holiday Movie Preview special in TIME, I profiled Michael Fassbender, who’s had an incredible year — playing Mr. Roc
How many decision makers do you think really know how bad the google ranking is?DO they know how easy & cost effective it can be improved?
Speaking Of Opp I Miss My Youngest>>>>>
Hey girlfriend good to see u on tweeter!
sadly i think we will need a NIT office bracket this year...
Just heard the Fenway Flyover. Play ball!
please follow and have our full support see YOU Soon! #follow back
that record has a innervisions vibe to it but it's dope nevertheless...
What feeling is so nice as a child's hand in yours? So small, so soft and warm, like a kitten huddling in the shelter of your clasp
Mixed feelings about that appt
Unpacking ain't no joke SMH
call in, right now list is just me :(
Thanks Brian..I'll pass it on to Jim our Depthchartmeister..
Excited to start working on all the great Social Media tips that of gave to us at lunch on Friday. You're awesome!
Of course every make from ford has had problems today! Found On Road Dead. Fix Or Repair Daily.
I always manage to piss my mom off & she wonders why I never want to be home.
Go...Jackrabbits.....
I will call you first thing in the morning when I can get into the system to see what the problem is. Sorry for the trouble
“: is following me! What?!? I love the JaneDear Girls!” Thanks for being my friend=)
..that's the system I have greatest experience and insight into.
thank you! (:
Everything you told us NOT to do in PR the PSU admin has done so far. Simply amazing. This week should be a "how not to" doc
Where Is your man Ruben!?? Lol
Who knew Jimmy Hollenbach ran this account? RT : BEST PICK UP LINE: Roses are red, Violets are blue, I have a gun, get in the car.
Burlesque with Lizzie :)
is there such a thing?
if you're on twitter, but not answering ur fone, call me
I think... I think you shouldn't send emails with a subject line that starts "Emailing: ..."
Anyone have thoughts on the "blogger to book author genre"? I'm interested in the trend.
nice #defensemechanism. Just giving you #Blunt feedback because you seem lost.
Braces off after 34.5 months. Finally!!
a rocky start indeed. any other options for getting your workout in?
he don't shop over there lol
Good. Everyone's asleep and I'm puttering around, looking for something to do. You said something abt old age? lol
yes. So.. hoping it will be extra special. :)
Do you remember me? From WIXX. I am the girl who you complimented my skirt & vest & wanted to borrow it lol. Please follow me
Have a great time with your son today!
The awkward moment when your realize that you don't like your crush anymore.
: you can't play hookey on Friday by any chance, can you? #fridayfunfest?
Oh, a night sim! Knowing when to evac can save resources and money. Thanks for sharing.
8. Ice Cream Paint Job = A very nice paint job and well done interior seating
Thanks ’s Marie-Pierre & for today’s communicating #Rioplus20 & #futurewewant discussion!
Every morning you have two choices, continue your sleep with dreams or wake up and chase ur dreams. Choice is Your. GOOD MORNING
RAIDER NATION NEXT YEAR
if I gotta face time! Imma #real rat! Lol
remember when there was a model contest with girls from several countries and they took pics at Saif-Al Islam's home?
hey boo text me when you can i want to talk to you about some business . xoxo thankz
I have fought my way to the castle, beyond the goblin city
hey guys follow back? :]
WHAT UP BRUH? LONG TIME SICE ENCORE. HOW U BEEN HOMIE?
aww what the hell! Thats awful
BILLY MAYS DIED! :( RIP BILLY MAYS!
I thought chief keef was on house arrest... Hm
Woke up and looked at my babys picture:(.
Going to see Great Noise Ensemble's Gurerilla New Music #IntersectionsDC tonight at 7 PM at The Atlas. Come on over!
Scooter seriously need to shut UP
Whats for Dinner? Blossoming Lotus of course! Check out the latest creations on our new Dinner Menu at www.blpdx.com and come by tonight!
so much print is not yet digitized. every time I read about library budget cuts, closed archives, I wonder what will be lost forever.
that's true...
One last game den finna go home
hope you both got some rest and are doing ok. love from silver spring.
“: And mad respect bc the edge had beastie boy tributes going but the "hip hop" station was playing "lil scrappy"” thx
"I heard you're looking for a gentleman is it okay if he's Australian too?" you're to cute <3 spread the message! #simpsonizer!
uh what about #24? I mean he is on the pole.
LIT with a lime
hope u enjoyed the long break! How was twilight?
lmaooooooo...hell thats no sex for 26 hours straight just get to watch each other drive...blowed DONTJUDGEME
Thanks for the mention Bizzy! :)
Seacrest is too good a journalist for a tabloid news show. Plus...they couldn't afford him.
Joining the global revolution to get funk out of David's laundry....
Benton notes in def of Starkman geography still central to dem process and current investments don't effectively reflect that.
And where do winners eat? CiCi's.
An error doesn't become a mistake until you refuse to correct it.
Just viewed #Pants on the Ground... Red Carpet-Grammy Awards. I may be alone on this one but once is more than enough
Let's rock! RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at PEPPER.
Happy birthday!
I haven't talked to my bff in like 50 years. What's going on love??
this girl said she can do me better than any man & take care of my kids. uhm ....uh .....stuttering
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow <U+E32D><U+E002>
finally watched the top chef finale and couldn't be happier for He was my choice from episode one!
We had so much fun in Kirskville! They are some crazy #swangers! I hope to be back soon!
I officially HATE curbs now.
Wow. Just drove the BMW 3 series I'll have all summer. It truly is the ultimate driving machine. AMAZING!!
yeah, we have to plan this! So far there is no doubt I'm going to both days
There is still room for the COA review course to be held Feb. 11 in Dedham MA
Show your support by encouraging your followers to vote at www.capitalonebowl.com!
Exactly! RT : When life gives you lemons....add vodka and throw a party!!!
love you too!
RT : Living proof! “: Remember, you don't have to have a headache to have a brain tumor. #BRAINTUMORTHURSDAY”
good luck y'all are gonna kill it again <3
Today is wonderful.
could not agree with you more!!! Finally someone has the guts to say this!!!
Last time I checked, "no" still meant "no". Did this change when I wasn't looking?
What do folks think of the new Steven Wilson album?
I'm so glad I can be fat without actually being fat
So glad you guys enjoyed yourselves!
tell me anything other than love?
Of all the things I've ever lost, I miss my mind the most.
and all night.
According to #Newsweek, the #CoastGuard now assumes the avg. boat passenger weighs 185 lbs.
About to rock this aflac party in vegas!
Thanks for the follows and !
it's due Wednesday
Does any1 else think parents need to stop exposing their kids on Youtube to create a stir and generate some sort of financial gain?
People who haven't been in Cliff Claven's kitchen. RT : What do Sapp, Iverson, Dykstra, Tyson& Marion Jones have in common?
“If you wait until there is another case study in your industry, you will be too late.” – Set Godin, Keynote Speaker, Author of Permissio...
Etta starts school today K-3. I am such a proud daddy!
happy birthday, SON!!!
going postal... like I'm supposed to...
#FF the love of my life <3333333
iTriage is at the Healthcare Leadership Council today presenting to congress members!
Yes. Tweet requirement fulfilled. RT : This is my 200th tweet. Does that mean #BUcom will let me graduate now?
Oh I cannot fly with an airline that bows before Catholic bigots. My trip booked next month will be the last on your airline.
Clue #2: music is in the air
Your so cute Lexi <3 ": I ask God not for an easy path, but for the strength & endurance to be where I wanna be."
Great to finally meet you. Keep up the good work with !
Imagines George Romero getting his inspiration for DAWN OF THE DEAD (1978) from watching the masses during these crazed shopping sprees
2) i hope so too
Gifted Unlimited Rhymes Universal
Thanks for RTs: , Conservative
Glad you're feeling better... Twitter really needs a Like button... LOL :-)
Mom on O'Brien #DowntonAbbey S1: What a bitch this one is. She's awful. What a bitch she is. Oh she's sick. She is a mean son of a bitch.
Did you know native americans had a name for homosexuals, and regarded them as priests and caregivers of children ?
Bout to relax and call it a night
I have never needed a #cocacola so badly in my life right now
a heart
I ALMOST FORGOT ALFRED MOLINA WAS IN #RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARC 1981)
Who ordering dat fight doe :D
Worst flight of all time... By far
Thank you so much brother. I truly appreciate your support and friendship throughout this process
I love when the music in Starbucks is louder than the music playing in my headphones... #sarcasm #turnitdown!
“: kk you should <U+2708> better yet take a jet <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080> !” -- I would if u waiting on me to get there
Restarted Firefox and it is working now.
hope you like it:)
yes.. problem?
server capone is down. please fix. strike three - I'm about to walk from your services.
Jonathan Frid, Dark Shadows first Barnabas Collins died of natural causes but made a cameo for the new film before his death.
I never had the "no things in nose" talk with him, so it's a bit of a mystery. Tho I think his big brother might be involved. :)
I love this smut!!!!
As much as I love Twitter, bagels & lox, freelancers like me missed all the fun at last Friday's meeting.
Think you can go today without complaining?! Come on, give it a try....
I like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese i like cheese
lot of pain! I hope you get to meet them really soon too :)
that's fair. thanks!
Economist Alfred Marshall is the first to coin the term "factory farm" - in 1890
yea I wanted to but the ticket I was gonna get was cheaper and idk if i have $80 to spend right now ill let u know though
All those lessons were learned the hard way...in the marketing trenches
LA Rain = Leave 1 hour earlier !
R.I.P KYRON GONE BUT NOT FORGOTTEN ALWAYS
Interesting that Writing Spaces has a 50% acceptance rate. Good to know
Its 6:30 am and I'm practicing piano. today is lesson day.
OK, I'll consider not revoking your fanboy card
Happy Cinco de Mayo;)
How long before Mitt Romney splits open and a large cockroach from the planet Kolob emerges to take over our nation?
so fun chatting with you! I think we could entertain ourselves for hours just laughing!
Come on!!! Need jobs to pay for #visa!!!!!!
They don’t make drugs that make you feel as good as when you create something. -
Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them, humanity cannot survive.
very nice work.
Stay fixed on what character is thinking, then we can't lie as actors.
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088>it was her idea! Haha but sometimes she looks so innocent <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC>
Dear People of The World, I don't mean to sound slutty but use me whenever you want. Sincerely, Proper Grammar.
Looking forward to the weekend
Thanks! Much love and all that mushy stuff! I can drink now. I don't wanna drink, but I CAN! That's all that matters.
ah, my singing coach canceled. /: so gonna go get my cartlige pierced instead whoop! :D
good ! tell me more about you ? :)
#nccetl two most imp. Learning tools? Kids answer? SMS & social networking (3rd you tube) all 3 are banned. -foltos
I hope u are right, unlike the stellar career u projected from JJ Arrington .
Trip to Louisville got cancelled as of 5:30 this morning. Couldn't go back to sleep after that.
I'll Love You Til The End .
hey Tia pls tell Britney she needs a twitter account. So her fans can stay in touch with her.
Really enjoyed your talk tonight! One of my strengths was context, but I'm not sure it applies to me. Can you explain it more?
The secret source of humor itself is not joy but sorrow
if She's 11, she's too young for you bro!
#GirlsShould buy him flowers.
This is very demeaning to women. Just because there are female pro wrestling events,
My fucking cart crashed....
Need auto #repair? We can ease the burden on your repair bills through social media.
Hey are you following yet?? I didn't realize they are on twitter!!
Like us on facebook www.facebook.com/aafmiami and follow us on linkedin under
ribs was w/some bimbo hoe in Chi.too..uggh..he's weird.
New York, New Yoooorrrrrkkkkkk!!
I will fight you.
throw the T up my boy
thanks Pisha! I am seriously in shock.
#LeBron #Durant #Wade can we drop the stupid geeky looking black glasses look? k thanks
Win a magnum of Elk Cove Pinot Noir Roosevelt Vineyard '09! DM us to find out how!
hopefully she won't ruin the Snow White movie. And she looks so ungrateful and emo like cheer up! You're with Edward in real
satan who? what's with this illuminati nonsense? when did this become so trendy?
Streaming El Bulli: Cooking in Progress (2011). The film desperately needs context. Observational doesn't work here
Parent- Are you talking back to me? Me- Well, yeah. That`s how communication works.
instagram is the shiznit!!! Lol. Its okay, everyone gives into peer pressure ; p i know i do all the time
Best. Shiba. Ever (tied with Bandit, of course).
Last year doing my own taxes! Next year I'm gonna be MARRIED and 's accountant is gonna do them for me!
Sad I had to miss Jeff Tweedy this a.m.- was on a $%&#* 7:30 a.m. conference call. :-( Can't go to Wilco either: no sitter.
Thx! I think I'll just be surprised! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Make sure to check out today on with & !
sending you a DM.
I've found that I eat a lot less crappy food when I don't put the crappy food in my mouth.
Carroll plays SA Johnson next round. RT : Johnson Baseball >> Cody Dulap hit to center to bring in the winning run. Jags win 5-4!
kidding big guy. You should know that
what it do bro??
Also, a special thanks to The Cottagers! You ladies are fantastic!!
Don't consider what the world requires; think about what makes you come alive.
#GoatCurse /It was a pleasure.
She trynna fuck and i say church!!!
Flipping the camera off in your pictures just screams classy.
haha I just got out tha shower
Aw, come on. Never? It's fun!
I feel like y'all are more emotional and less logical with problem solving, making it harder for us to talk things out with y'all.
yup! We'll contact 's booker to see if we can get him next year *sigh*
Super Cold - Lupe.
RT: Sometimes, you end up losing yourself trying to hold onto someone who doesn't care about losing you.
Good luck! I look forward to reading those session notes
Ugh...my boobs hurt <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
horrible bosses is funny too!
wats the school number?
In case anyone was wondering... at room temperature, the average air molecule travels at the speed of a rifle bullet.
Donating Blood, Saving Lives today 12-6
God is good.All day everyday.
When My Leg Gets Better, Your Gonna Be My Workout Buddy!
I liked it... It's just my hubby don't like going...
that and the gapping hole in my crotch...
Oh no, that is such a waste of a beautiful bird! I saw a similar dead one next to Nat'l Archives bus shelter in DC last week.
dance party for sure!
Can u DM
an you ask my why don't I trust doctors
I can't handle the auto tune of Wayne & all Wiz raps about it Taylor & weed.
it only takes a few minutes to cook. Definitely an art! Good luck!
Cancer Society supports tax hike - Morris Daily Herald
Choosing to think about a situation in a more positive way can make a healthy difference in how you feel!
The one good thing about washing here is that it's faster than doing laundry at my apt's laundry room - only 6 small machines.
Just be real.
This is National FFA Week! A great story for someone!
follow back?
I feel physically beat up today. So tired, body just aches...Maybe three days off from work was a bad idea.
If you can’t start with energy and enthusiasm in [28] seconds and close the ball down, you’re going to get problems." - John Spencer
Welcome to Water Street ,
Need a valentine? Come to the date auction supporting the American Cancer Society's Relay For Life between 12:30 & 2:30 today at the VC.
Tax free airfare starts today!
I don't need nor want my contacts linked because YOU think they should be! Restore 'unlink' option
well! You guys rock!
I believe that we don't have to change friends if we can understand that friends change.
I mean, I do squats and lifts to keep this ass in gear, but you're old enough to know better. Buy me a drink, atleast. ;)
Although a lot of 80s music was hit or miss, at least it had variety. The 90's opened up the radio to even more variety. What happened?
Men are supposed to bring stability to families but mothers are the back bone.
Hello all! RT : Pls welcome more #WUT2 panelists: and
That's great to hear.
Rant rant rant! I hate waking up early after sleeping til 11 every day over break
BRILLIANT IDEA!!! *le sexy time* Take me- i am ready! ^O.O^
I think this fog is permanent... We all live in Seattle now...
I can't think of anything better than spending my day off watching the #YoMama marathon on MTV 2......Oh wait, yes I can.
A new Elizabeth Kelly? YAY!
Ha...thanks! We'll let them know :-)
Thanks, chica. How are things with you?
I would've went to the Drake concert if I knew J Cole, 2 Chainz, & Meek was gonna be there -_-
#BuildYourFans - Performe live as often at you can to build your fan base!<U+263A>
My faggot came to visit me. How sweet of him!(:
The yield on the 10-Year T Note is at 2.33%.
need custom trax hit me up
City BBQ with poppa sodo #YUM!
just left mejier, and there was a man outside practicing his golf swing! When I went in and when I left!
It is a good thing to cleanse the body. Your mind & soul will thank you later.
#imagine Austin:I miss you every hour,every minute,every second .day.night.time thats why i need you! -anna
I fux with
When i can have a drink. So, probably months from now.
A man's health can be judged by which he takes two at a time - pills or stairs. Joan Welsh - Good Morning from Hieber's!
chop the onion and carrots, season it with the grated skin of the lemon and the garlic. Ta-da!
lol...he's always like that...he's got ADHD
#Poker #Quote :I won my ticket on Titanic in a lucky hand of poker...a very lucky hand. -- Jack, in the Movie Titanic
WHY ARE THEY NOW CHANGING TWITTER... Just now getting used to the way it was. I am so lost now...
I cannot wait for 1st and 10 tomorrow. What a game for Denver, I want to see footage from the halftime speech.
Putting your house on the market for sale with no preparation is like going to a job interview in your pajamas.
I was on the march to Brooklyn Bridge! But I was with my daughter, so we didn't get to be arrested.
yea girl to virginia beach!
Yeah I bleached it like 4 or 5 times in 1 day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> worst mistake ever. You're lucky! Hahaha
when is your concert in MI?
I am me, i am me thought u knew bout da team ah!!! #FMG wat it do
model for people on the fence or who are just scared and #Eva was too. 3 girls are inspirations
UNM's independent student newspaper, has a new editor-in-chief: Elizabeth Cleary. She plans to focus more on using social media.
Off to the great wide open. 2000 miles ahead of me by car. Took my sister's death to get me back to SoFL.
ya, show is today
you need to get some sleep. You have a contest to run today.
I once had the sad realization that all the amazing coffee in Mexico was amazing because it was made with whole milk.
Haha already am :)
Me too.
Uhh skin tone? Haha come on you know better than that ;)
OH MY GOD YOU GUYS. I GOT THE MEET AND GREET PASSES. LOL, JUST KIDDING.
Junior Seau is dead?!?
My forgiving policy is just like the state of Fla....u commit the same offense 3X & its a wrap for life.
good choice. Go cuse
no special products out there that will be make hair grow at a faster rate than the next person. It's all genetics re: growth
it was from when we were in the car together and she was sending them to you, through my phone haha
Home from trip to Ann Arbor, MI. Met with training colleagues to discuss new training initiatives and projects. Great to see everyone!
At the Social Media for Nonprofits conference - Guy Kawasaki on enchantment: be a baker not an eater.
I would like to thank the 100 followers I gained in the past 12 hours and I will mention you all by name at some point today!
Finals already?!? Where did the semester go?!
Google, why do you make me copy my Dentist's address into the location field of my appointment by hand? linking docs is somehow easier?
“: Time for an espresso, I think...”. Sounds good! Coffee isn't working today.
i got all of din yesterday b4 the awardz!
Almost told the gas station lady I loved her... So, it's gonna be one of those type days.
worked. Thanks!
#hogab hold on go ask Beth?
Today is the day for the "Best in Show" at the Orleans! Come out and support this great cause. I'll be performing at 1pm.
Check us out if you have a min. We're from San Jose CA. Big fans of yours! Cheers!
Ur so pretty ;) text me<3
I know plenty of hoes in love with they nigga. But they be the same bitch thats fuckin niggas
But he has a smartphone. He is just too much. If he could make money from tweets then he would do it.
next time you see him just say moccasin to him.
Sometimes u have to cry to clean your eyes. Lol ": Sometimes you have to cry in order to smile in the end."
Why would we EVER make fun of Niall's laugh? It's the most beautiful sound in the world besides his singing.(; #StopLLN i guess...
remember there is no dating black hole, or anything wrong with being single and dating
I'd rather feel pain than nothing at all
nice car
no probs:)..& he followed you someday :D
Wow, it was super cool to see all the people in pink walking in my neighborhood today. Cheers for Breast Cancer Awareness!
Jesus lady, ill leave the womens restroom, just let me finish this pickup line. Answer the question, Do u believe in love at first sight?
"Hire a consultant" is the worst way to plug holes in planning. Try "thinking this through together" first.
Perfect morning-after breakfast: Charoset Yogurt Parfait.
Ch. 5 Question: Which police agency would investigate a crime that occurred on campus, such as a hit and run or theft of a backpack?
I can't slp wen I'm dead..
ok..we know wat happen the last time u 2 hooped against me!!
i wish i was born in la or florida... life would be so much easier :(
I heart "comb- overs" on guys
when you start strapping on, I go into hiding.
Do you know how to grill a steak? Then it's a great day to enter the recipe contest so you can win a brand new grill.
Oliverez: cohort models, peer mentoring & leadership = effective strategies for increasing college success.
99.9% of the time when I text lol I'm not even laughing or smiling.((Stolen)) But R.S
They serve NO beer at the NCAA games. Why am I here!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Mediation can be a wonderful thing, but I never advise adding a mediation REQUIREMENT to your court orders.
This week's Star of the Week is Mr. Michael Gillium he scored 100 on his last shop score.
The more I watch LA and Miami ink the more I wanna get a tattoo
totally grilling tonight. maybe breaking out the bottle of Sorachi Ace we got a couple of weeks ago.
yes it is when you this good at it :D
Hurrah, weather radios for Community Preparedness Day have arrived! Putting the final touches on our 100 kits, too.
#sigh finally got those weights off my chest
You can't buy love, because when it's real, it's priceless.
WHAT CHANEL IS IT ON PLS REPLY D:
I hope you do too. I love you.
girl, heck yes! That's what I'm going for! (; idk white or black tho?
hey everyone! SO to lol! everybody go follow her! everyone who follows her will get a follow and SO from me!!!!! :) thanks
all the work thus far has plays on radio and undergroung club play in canada, nigeria, egypt, japan. i will get official
dumb. so congrats you learned something new today
No better way to berate yourself for not majoring in something more worthwhile back in college than working at a call center.
I heard that but is that true?
I missed the 666th tweet. :( it was gonna be a and and shoutout. A7X too, but I didn't see in my
Most important element for successful #BYOD is managing workflow -apps like Evernote, DropBox for collection & collaboration
Wow! What an excellent idea- thanks for sharing!
We need the full line-up! If any Forecastle bands play Cincy too, I'm hoping for and !
We had our first time together :$
Congrats to , , , , & for winning a Clear2Go retailer gift card!
what about females?
catching up on Pan Am and unwinding tonight
and you too!
Better luck next time boyz :)
Nothing worse than elevating to a new level and old folks keep viewing you as your old self! I think you better let 'em go!
I love you,
Just finishes a project development meeting!! Feels great!
no! I'm a way better fighter then you are! Can't you see my awesome fighting skills??
Some people find fault like there is a reward for it.
On a positive note Entourage definitely broke the record for most cameos in a season and in a season finale
ill tuesday! RT : Chilling in bed, smoking a bowl, listening to and thinking about how much fun I had last night.
lol did you get out of going to that computer thing tomorrow?
It's fucking pouring. I think I just saw hail
#questionsihateanswering "Why don't you have a boyfriend?"
: if u guys dont mind id like to take a break this week
Same! This is crazy! > RT : Done with my first year of graduate school! I need to keep repeating it to properly process it.
Halloween Caper in Campbellsport tonight at CES - live in the area you should check it out with ur kiddos
prize #8 A cocktail trio (3 polishes and a remover) from !
The child supplies the power but the parents have to do the steering. -Benjamin Spock
she is! And its so gross i hate her
So. Amazing. I bet you look SO FUCKING HOT! You're the best.
Hola badass - I need to stop by more often and be social yes?
I'm not, lol. But I don't think he's ugly. (:
I can be anything muthafuckers, take a look, it's in a book. A reading rainbow.
For sure. What do you have in mind?
thanks for the support! XOXO
I can tell a person is amazing just by hearing a lot bout them.. :D J.s
#Miami breakfast. Sergio's with with my favorite Chicago girl
has never tried #pizzahuts #stuffedcrust :O
Letting the teens run amok as I hole up in my bedroom with a cappuccino and a massive stack of work.
#theresalwaysthat1person who makes you feel like no one else can.
Radioactive water leaks from Tepco plant.
Hi Sarah, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can show you how much people LOVE ur brand & engage users Follow 2 DM?
Good luck & , may the best of you come in 2nd.
Preparing or tonight's festivities: #Karaoke. 80's dance party/work out theme mandatory.
Thanks for posting! Useful for my project at my site...
"Joyfulness keeps the heart and face young. A good laugh makes us better friends with ourselves and everybody around us." O. S. Marden
The houses in LA <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I can't wait for tonight's ALL NEW PODCAST so I can find out this TOP SECRET topic wants to talk about. Lol
I didn't kno we had a date!?! Lol
Leah's taking 4eveeerrrr.
"It's not enough that a man has [clear] vision and sincerity, he must have the art of expression or he will remain obscure"-George H. Lewes
but thats my job...
You just make me blush :3
Good morning Sorry I missed you last night. Too busy enjoying my neighbor free world.
Anyone know of/have an opinion in Figment?
Ha! There's nothing symbolic about the gluttony caused by these burritos... commercial or otherwise!
me too but now I'm doing it. LOL.
god i told you so -.-
#WeWontWorkOut if you're immature as fuck
is it because you appreciate the opening it leaves for a new internet-obsessive's project?
Truck broke down, and we were 11 miles to the Tennessee border.. This paper is never gunna get finished haha
wait if my cubs are ever a WS contender...will be first every year lol
Thank you Terri :)
I pulled an by waking up hugging the toilet Sunday morning with no recollection how I got there. LOL!
Thanks Sis! Your the best ever! =]
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none...
Colt Cabana will be in the building.
?? RT:“: (802): He recognized me by my ass from about 15 yards away. I must have a REALLY nice ass.”
lmfao I'm smart to
Stop talking about her boobs, lol
What?!? Nobody there is going to be in my age group! Maybe I need to reconsider going. Lol!
LoL, on those cassette decks...
Perusing law library of congress written materials from concurrent session Check out www.loc.gov/lawweb/servlet/lloc news.
must be trading up so they can get Kavika Pittman
I once saw feces on the wall at a McDonald's bathroom but figured since they were already in the burgers I might as well chow
Should be
haha. We'll see. That's one of my favorite rappers, but he comes back and disappears every three years.
It has been a while since using the words "Republicans" and "normal" together.
The pain of child birth is equivalent to watching womans basketball
To Hurt A Mockingbird
mine wus ok[:
me too!
Republicans support a woman's right to choose to raise her family. And want to give that choice to more women.
I really want to ask SIRI some questions :))
I had the misfortune once and I had run out of ginger ale. Had grape juice (not grape drink) fake stuff won't work.
Solo set by tonight at Founders. Get 'em, gurl
is seeking a Conflicts Assistant in #DC. This role is a 50/50 split between administrative duties and conflicts responsibilities. Contact…
THANK YOU Ali !
McKinsey Quarterly - another highly valuable article on how to think about Social Media's affect on our organizations.
My only wish is I die real
smhh .... get that education ! :)
Die-hard soccer fan? Tiempo Deportes for you! Tune in Tuesdays for Sounders games and international futbol highlights!
Tell the truth, if you had a chance to invest in a Starbucks back in 1990, knowing what you know TODAY would you have done it. .
Who has hanging bags with CD/picture book kits in your collection? What do you call them in the catalog? What is the call #?
No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it.-Albert Einstein
#ToMyFutureHusband Our daughter will know how she deserves to be treated by the way she sees how you treat me.
u look mad u look like a bad...u know wat lol ;)
Dude, any plans for doing a show on Long Island any time in 2012/2013?
RT : im fine (You was Born fine glad to hear your good keep grinding and keep doing your music you will make it
I don't know about Mike Tate, but I'm going to a rally Wed night regardless. If we have to #RecallWalker in spite of the Dems, we will.
#somewhereinthehood theres a white guy with dreads hanging with some niggas and his the hardest one...
Off to work
LA Cleantech Incubator announces 2nd portfolio company, Gridtest Systems, a smart-grid company joining LACI from outside LA. Great news!
Ghost on the dance floor
You are our 5th winner to meet This Sunday 1-3 Congratulations!!!
Thanks Stacy!
RT : We'll be rolling out your #newtwitter over the course of a few weeks, so hold tight if you don't see any changes quite yet.
Balance is an important thing to have in my life.
Chow time
2nite will be amazing celebrating life w/
Tomorrow wake and...stretch. Yup, I'm teaching 6am in Bellevue at Hot Yoga, Inc. Hope to see you there!
Raise your rates!
Um, your not a cop, you might want to consider removing that from your profile. You could get arrested for that.
oh gosh! Well you know I'll never be seeing you again!
Bear Down ?
Why cant Arianators be nice to each other? All we do is argue.My god
nobody cares about what you have to say, but you still talk .
When hasn't he been lately. Really?
all three. That's why our guys are confused.
Got this drink in my cup
haha! That's me trying to sing to the best of my ability
Yes, it is. I'm happy for them since that's something they both want.
I am so upset that went home. I cried. I can't believe myself. I FREAKING CRIED. Wow.
Now aren't you glad you stayed home>
So do we!
purple haze on deck ...4/20
Intense back & forth btwn AFSCME rep & Sen. Murphy bout eliminating tax subsidies, which Murphy didn't want to acknowledge was spending cut.
hahaha oh I'm sure about it cx
disgusting! These teachers more concerned about getin their rocks off than preparing the nxt generation 4 the future. Smh
I wonder if Code Academy has a mission statement addressing that.
Relationships Are Pretty Cool...
": We all have that one friend that is skinny but eats like an elephant."
My phone is on 2% •_•
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 100
“: Tonight at Hartford School Event Philadelphia” not Hartford! Very excited
i totally did! lol i can prove it with the chocolate stain on my shirt
when are you going to start traveling to see him.deno? Is meet you in Gb or Stevens point for a night.....
“: words of wisdom from the old man on our hike "it's closer to the top then it is to the bottom" Grindn'
RT : DIGGER's refuse to put an "h" at the end of "bra" so I keep getting really confused.
we really want you to come onto the show soo bad .. We cant find your people.. HELP HELP! :) Call us! :)
See you guys dark and early tomorrow, and I are gonna come get a few miles in!
Kate Upton doing the cat daddy in a bikini is easy on the eyes. Let me tell you.
Thanks for the #FF! We're in great company.
There's a point in Life when you start to realize, who matters; who never did; and who always will <U+2665>
ill take one!
What happens when you hire Rob Zombie or Quentin Tarantino to make a safety video. I now have nightmares.
Anyone have a final on Arapahoe-Kent Denver boys lacrosse?
follow back ?
What platforms are you on?
Cuddle weather, and I'm not being cuddled. This is some fuckery.
anyone have anything they want to tell the Oregonian about Twitter? Peter Carlin's writing an article on it... word. Happy Friday!!
FAV Ladies! RT : Great talking to you ! is going to sell out on for sure..Break a leg!
followed girl ;) I love your Twitter! :D
i love me some windy's frosty! yum yum!
Omg I'm so over tired...
please hold your mad men tweets until all of us on the west coast watch it!!
oh hey you're following me now. cool.(:
LMFAO Your Conversation With That Girl Is Hilarious!!!!!! Im Jealous You Have #prisenswag Luckyy :)
Well done ..20-0 and clinched series v def Nat'l Champ Gamecocks..
That means The Office may not be on much longer -- sad news
Fucked me on the first night i still gt respect for u
someone keeps googling "john meyers university of pennsylvania"--i'm going to assume that's because they would like to hire me.
Thanks for the #FF. I'm a little late to the game, but it was a holiday so I have an excuse :-)
Me too! Haha!
Love this! RT : ‘Success only comes to those who persevere no matter how many times you get rejected and fail.'
Touchdown Fitzgerald! Again! Now that's a receiver.
Yes that is Kymani
When I think about it I just get so mad....ugh trying to get over it.
It's not enough to know how to make a website anymore. Now you have to be able to make #APPS. #FUCK ME RUNNING.
So apparently there was a 3.1 tremor in #CentralVA last night at around 11:30pm. I didn't feel it - did anyone else?
Barry G taking the mike and speaking about problems in reggae
US motto for 2012: Walk like an Egyptian
Say something if your feeling the vibe<33
not when shes about to get in the bath.... :(
You too!
Gonna be with tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Temp says 39, but my deck is getting slick.
I think it's perfect tennis weather
the ladies though??
Might stay at a haunted hotel in New Hampshire this summer..should be interesting
Happy to have my computer back but no Internet, yet!! Personal hotspot or clear??? Hm....
yay! I can't wait ! I'm texting you once I'm done with work to meet up !
9hrs till the workshop! Reminder for all attendees under 18, please print out a waiver from www.hidefdance.com & bring it signed by a parent
Yeah buddy! #BOYFRIEND is AmAzInG #leggo RT
#Loco4Locals is getting started! Stop by for our 2x1 drinks, 20% off our fabulous menu and of course a live DJ!
they're talking about big 12 expansion on the other station which again is better than suicide talk
Im wearing a hoody n sum Jeans n hopefully a hat to work....it will b perfect for my fuck work today mood
Its been a beautiful day! Such a wonderful time of year and I love all the azaleas and dogwoods blooming in my yard!
I think and think my family are freaks
: At a game.. Is it bad if I want to see a fight? <--Heck NO! Fighting is part of the game. That's why #hockey is so great!
RT Educator to school grp after tour: what would you bring in your suitcase if you were coming to USA? 7 year old: a toilet
he is. Got the cast on 2day to the knee. He was crawling yesterday and I am sure will be walking by Friday.
Where there's a will, there are five hundred relatives.
haha yup im tweeting! lol my parents are a trip! but they koo!
Did a little karaoke, and now a 12- hour gig we call "work"!
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate i hope you know i aint buying you shit
lol, you fool
Huge thanks to our first 100 followers, all in barely 24 hours! Let's keep this momentum up!
How come Lucas is shirtless in all his solos? Lucky little poopface.
the only thing you are winning at is losing
Told Siri I didn't want to write my dissertation. She said "I thought not." what a smart lady!
Me: Mercedes what would you do if you won the lottery? M: Get a lake house in Cancun.
I'm solving this problem in two weeks
#Str8LykeDes.... I'm bout to get ready Facebook that was the last fucking straw...
When great people finish procrastinating something great is typically finished!
the #clippers will prevail!
Done following. Follow me back
Dangerous inspiration, friend! I am so ready to not come into this place! One of these days I'm going to turn off the alarm & z!
The only zombie I like is a Cranberries song.
The best way to gain self-confidence is to do what you are afraid to do. Keep Smiling.
In SF at a starbucks where I used to take video classes YEARS ago-but they didn't have a SB here back then
Thanks! I'm glad most of the students from last night reached out ;) I think it's a new record. ;)
Boy, there's lots of military aviation action tonight in the UTC area. Been going on for hours.
you have fun (:
I've heard that before.
Just said "No." I'm still reeling...
eating ice cream! yum
Need advice on audio recording live powerpoint/keynote presentations and sharing synced slides online later...
That last RT, is pretty good.
or you might scream for some springer beads. Lol XD
Aw shit! The last episode of lost is intense.
Common cold will NOT keep me down! Shorts, tank top, Mucinex, & fresh bread from the market. Saturday picnic time!
Matthew Jockers graphs the network of the 19th-century novel, based on textual analysis. #bcltorphanworks cool!
Nobody is bout dat life to
Thx I'll be live tweeting so stay tuned.
Of course!
You can either give up, give in, or give it your all! - Author Unnknown
Since the Blazers are looking for a Forward does that mean that they are happy with the way Bayless is playing?
lol....got rough here for a minute!
It's great to be back, Twitter!
not at all. I keep changing it back and forth deciding the best language. Would like steelers in there too.
Given the amount of work done to make fruits prettier, we're not doing nearly enough long term/biomagnification studies.
Saw a Fisker Karma on the 15N. Now I'm sure I wasn't seeing things before.
I'm Classy. You're Trashy. Offensive? Truth Hurts.
#Advocare has introduced a NEW product! Rehydrate Gel!
lucky bastard;)
There is nothing like home made authentic Mexican food by my wife!
And the worse one of all, DO NOT DRINK ALCOHOL while you are taking this medicine. I guess i'll become the Hulk much sooner than I thought
lol you're an incense man?? i approve!!
looking forward to knowing more about your business.
this girl has a beautiful smile :)
im not having such a good time at high school
<U+2640>Every morning that you wake up is another chance to get it right<U+2640>
Lol people on dylan's myb profile were trying to tell him that i lead a double life.
Have a 'no-er'? Say "you have 2 choices, this isn't a choice," the 'no-ing' will decrease when you decrease the use.
Close your eyes and make believe this is where you want to be. Forgetting all the memories, try to forget love cause love's forgotten me.
If you attended today's #collegeresourcefair. Feel free to upload pictures & tag yourself.
next video i'm making probably won't be a white wall type of video....getting sick of making those
After #Rhiana's second performance on last night's #SNL, the burka has now been banned in the Middle East.
These Are The Times I Wish I Had My Own, So I Wouldn't Have To Deal With Shit Like This .... :'''(
Thanks for all the Rts & mentions!
after the hockey yo
Felix Jones???? C'mon man!!!! That dude has fooled people long enough!
ready to leave work. I wanna go home & take a nap. lbs.
BKahle: 10 million scanned volumes requires only a closet's worth of servers; about $30k in funds. Doable even for modest libraries.
that simmzy's brunch earned a follow
Kid on the streetcar is poking a guy he clearly doesn't know in the crotch area with a balloon animal. And I feel awkward.
I'm sorry, but all questions *must* be submitted in writing.
You inspire me. #doveinspired tell me, who inspires you? Pls RT
An unemployed court jester is nobody's fool.
I know right I'm going to take my son out to the playground.
That would be amazing! We will definitely be keeping in touch. <3
Moving offices today. I get to pack more stuff. Yay, me.
u sir- are a got damb legend in my eyes. DR says "yo one more headshot, ur done.." what does 237 do?? Shred washougal. Savage
Thank you, Carl! We hope to welcome you as a guest soon!
JUST CAME UP WITH ANOTHER DOPE MELODY! I GUESS U KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS LOL NO SLEEP YO LOL
Watching Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story with Viggle Mon | 15 | FX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
how are you gonna post something on cragislist and not put a phone number? you aren't gonna sell anything without that!
On April 3, 1973, Martin Cooper places the first cell phone call to a rival at Bell Labs and the rest is history
@ work: Not usually fan boy, but just rode in the elevator with Jimmy Cliff, fresh from his Tiny Desk Concert.
Does anyone know a good, affordable video class in #Baltimore? Looking to learn the basics of production & light editing.
Yesterday's quote was the first line of "Feed" by M.T. Anderson.
Wide awake :o
and beetlejuice is such a badass name for a cat ahah ^_^
Big ups to , and other State Journal staff for a Pulitzer finalist nod on their #wiunion work.
"I'm going to give him a storage discount he can't refuse"
How am I still fighting this head cold!?!? I just want to run already!!!!!
hehe yeah. She is pretty darn cute
Armed with a resume and references and with LinkedIn Profile much more filled in. See who might could use me.
Me" Where are you from"? Her "Montgomery County" Me" Where's that compared to here" Her "Montgomery County" Me "um okay"
Talk that talk yeah I know I I'm such a show off
Currently working on the issue. Thank you for bringing this to my attention!
School almost over. :P
kids dnt know nothing bout good shows, music, or nothing these days smh
visited the New Media Academy at Hollywood High School today. Lots of cool opportunities for media-savvy kids.
Who's Watching Alex's YouNow Tonight ? -Ally
This is my answer to the gap between ideas and action - I will write it out. Calisher, Hortense
Cool, thanks and fun downloading.
Hahaha lmao! *shake fat kids face*"Kathy ya seem drunk.-just a little bit but i type like a motherfucker!"
I wasn't able to wear any of the wraps, cup size went up each pregnancy... and there were 5, no room for baby!
Have you ever noticed a pattern? Most successful people have had hard times prior to their success!!!
We're back up! Thx for your patience!!
Love Beeline Home. Looking forward to seeing new product in High Point. Bunny is a genius,
what's that lookin like over there?!
Facebook buys glancee. Boring.
Happy Friday :) Have a great wkend. <Hugs>
Thank You!
Much respect to for giving us support for the show tonight in Paris. Who loves ya baby!
These Late Nights Is Going To Pay Off
Is it still rebelling if I'd kill for her shoe closet? (thanks!) RT : congrats and thanks for rebelling against Carrie Bradshaw
Good Morning, it's a beautiful day.
I need to cut. I can't stop myself.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. - Theodore Roosevelt
Okay then. Thanks for the support and spreading the word.
I hope Holly is leading the water aerobics class today. It's 9 and my butt is in the water!
I agree!
#newspaces4learning"adaptation" oops.
yea am hoping to be back on my feet in two months unless my money comes thru
I tried to buy the new Album on iTunes 8 times & my billing info 4 times & no luck bought @ Amazon for $2 less
im going to my best friends birthday party 2morrow cnt wait
In the land of double wrapped burritos I'm steady mobbin at a 9.
An ounce of performance is worth pounds of promises.
hey hey!
So I hear it's earth day today & I love me some nature! I'm out in the country napping outside with the sun, wind, trees & birds. #beauty :)
I'll close my eyes and ears
Minds...we're the UT School of Information. You"
Ice cream time yet ? :P
It is impossible to fathom what could have been without first considering what already is.
Do you believe in the old way of marketing . grassroot hard core to reach new fans
Looking for GA monsters to talk gaga fashion for an upcoming story. reach me at if interested. tx.
I want to say thanks for the excellent resources you pass along. I actually READ (and not skim) most things that come from you.
Good to know RT : term #transmedia for video/blog/mobile/social platforms to harness #activism fight
Some of yall showin yall ass right b4 i come home smh ... But its cool tho
I love LA diversity - as I ate, the owner of a downtown restaurant fluently screamed at her staff in at least three languages
"I tore these out of your symbol and they became paper." River has all the best lines.
LOL "blah blah blah" means working on trash to talk later in game :)
Just left Jackson. Next, Bama, for shopping <3.
RT A Shift by Women: Obama leads Republican front-runner Mitt Romney 51%-42% via
Just took 30 minutes out of my work day to create the perfect workout routine...and I shall begin tonight!
Why do we work in offices instead of subsisting off tropical piers?
I agree! for me it's the little stuff after building an application. you get 95% done and then have tweak display issues
is off to bed knuckle-heads!!! :-)
RT : Bummed I can't be at the game tonight but I'll be back tomorrow!! Woo hoo..haha let's go #SFGiants send them #Roc ...
Do it! I'll join you!! “: “: If the Packers are seriously trying to get Tebow, I am seriously going take up heroin.”
Excited for my day with
His monument was people going about their daily lives in freedom - not statues or shrines.
you had us at Vodka
it's next Wednesday! April 6. Can't wait to see ya.
omg. SO ENVIOUS RIGHT NOW.
mornin to all my lovely followers who screamin
This nigga always fly
great movie
Some guy just asked for a secluded seat so his wife and him can make out... #Uihhhhhhwhat?.....
Cum on guys. Gay jokes aren't funny.
So it's Wednesday morning. It's foggy as hell. OMG I'M IN SILENT HILL...Best game ever..Hi.
For LGBT it's better late than never. It's not about President or political party it's about the humanity of LGBT
De La Soul - Buddy!!!
you say Braun got off on a "technicality", you are as well. You know damn well what you insinuate and the narrative you push
Just got home from a great dinner at Red Lobster with one of my favorite girls in the whole world. ;)
Thank you!!!
Had a crazy afternoon
Only 1 day left until #LadiesNight! #Vegas Ladies Join us tomorrow at 8pm for $1 Drinks & $1 Cover! Free Dance Lessons from 8:15-9p
can't wait to do that gospel album
put up pix Babe! Want to see the windows!!!
oh shoot nah lol
we are glad you made it back safe. See you soon!
They say performing music is way artists are supposed to make their career in the future!
no two leaves are alike in a forest of 1000,000 trees no two journeys are alike on the same path ~ Hafik, Sufi
don't lift more than your muscles can handle. gradually increase resistance instead. control the weights-don't let them control you
Ready for a Relationship ; Js not with any of my options =/
Wish I could be too :( I'm following remotely. I'll be there next year though!
“: Highly recommended!” Thank you for stopping by and for spreading the word!
Any new research around rGBH and other growth hormones in dairy products?
#Gratitude: backyard chickens, friends, cheap Mexican food, pleasant low key weekend, Pandora, jazz, recognition and a good week to come.
You deserve some from there.
"Are you all finished with your pot roast? Are you ready for your sundae?" - Denny's waitress. To Nate. At 1pm.
#Fasttrack class 2 today with the #SBDC. Biz strategy and financials. Yes, my head is spinning.
Lots of sobbs and deep breaths around me now in courtroom
Thanks, just try to keep warm. It's quite cold today but that's Chicago right? :-)
just saw your PEETA license plate on the blog and I must say... INSANELY jealous!
I hadn't heard Pat. Thank you very much for the letting me know. Tragic :(
Thank you! You too ;)
Please welcome dominicanshula to the Max life
"Innovation is the next guy telling the last guy he didn't do it right" --Al Newkirk
if you pump long enough, hard enough and enthusiastically enough, sooner or later the effort will bring forth the reward-- Zig Ziglar
Hey, i just met you, this may be crazy, but here's my number. and ccall me maybe? ;D
Welcome to my world...most days are ok
thank you 4 following us, i got a great idea and need a lab involved..
You can reach my parents at their places of business. Thank you for stopping by. I appreciate your concern for my well-being ;-)
Like ur site. Much food for the soul
watch I am going too what are your favorite colors?
#Free Sod 4500 Alexander Boulevard NE while it lasts.
now all I need is a teleporter
I have been informed that political protest is super dangerous and we're all gonna die, you guys.
Worth the dollar?
How is there not a better way to test for meningitis than a spinal tap?
At Chad and Heather Smiths wedding. Beautiful day to get married, an even better night to drink.
New referral program! If you tell a friend that books me as their wedding photographer, you receive a free 11x14 wall portrait or 4 8x10s.
Zooming to LAX with and . Time to get on that red-eye flight to FL.
Hey wait! I'm known for my "Summer Hummer"!
Not yet. We'll check it out. Cheers! RT : Have You been to #MulligansOn27th yet?
Touché amore and la dispute go hand in hand.
“: My mama always said "pride comes before a fall."” many many times!
Everyone's stressing.
February 24th (Day 24) Breakfast Chocolate Brownie Clif Bar, Poland Springs Water, I enjoy consistency, almost a luna/clif bar daily!
My blazers are going to work tonight.
Come Hungry: , Hair of the Dog Pub (), & provide your in-between beer nourishment.
Ik, I'll upload it from my camera tomorrow
you are amazing! I love you, follow me please
We'll be back on Jan 9th w/ !
Good thing you're retiring from tweeting cause your hashtags are #horrible. However the mirror part to was funny.
Love this Chicago Tonight piece on Lin Brehmer. His appreciation for music really is projected to the listener. One of the best.
Love listening to great ideas to help grow your business and make it the most effective
Today is holding a free recycling event. Bring oil, oil filters, car batteries, etc to 5571 Kearny Villa Road from 9am-1pm
This internet thing turned out to be pretty good for bringing people together. Glad the government didn't kill it.
RT : Strange not tweeting during MU's Mktg Symposium after tweeting all day at #prsms. Didn't see anyone tweeting.
congrats!!! super cool!
but somehow I can't put you in the past
True enough. White House, Time Magazine... but it matters when the neighbors know. And even more when they don't.
"I always wondered why SOMEBODY didn't do something about that. Then I realized I am SOMEBODY."
lol yeah it's not bad when it's from SD direct to Maui. otherwise you layover in Oahu and then jump islands.
TY for the #FF! Same to you as well! RT :
I'm so happy to be up over 100 facebook likes! Book release week has been fun and hectic. Hopefully The Six is selling well...
FIRED FREAKING UP!!! I'm gonna hit you in your scrotum, while catching a wave...
just saying really psycho stuff text grace bout it tomorrow she's sleepin right now
what happened? Get put in charge of getting the male strippers for a bachelorette party?
the only thing certain in life is death
I feel like I don't see you enough
hey Beth #cmgrUN I thought I recognized you lets make sure to say hi
#thanks for all your #follows, fellow #writers #publishers and #tweeters. Siren&Muse is learning the game so we can please clients & friends
It is so surreal that #Peyton Manning will not have on a #Colts jersey next season....wow.
awh right then!:) when last time you saw austin!:)<3
Woman that respect life as it is are real woman the others a girls
Mercy buckets and bean venue to Mount Real, y'all! I've learned my French days of the week, so no parking tickets for me this time
#shk12 was fantastic! Even w/ the coffee jitters I had on sale day. Thanks to for the great company!
As a librarian, your responsibility is to give them Twilight if that's what they want. (Filtered from years of listening to my mom)
Who has the DL on #NOWDC ? Why are some opposed? Whose money is behind this? is wondering.
I hope to one day see the Paul Rudd's and Wyatt Cenac's of the world win this award but congrats Bradley Cooper Sexiest Man Alive
fair enough, I have no experience in the area outside of chain of custody with IT data issues, even then nothing close to expert
Good Morning Gamers
I sing too, so if you can, would you go to my page and listen to some covers? If you would, I would be grateful :)
Aint Nobody Going To Sleep Today , IM GOING IN .
signed up at the site. Good idea
Everyone will and they'll be shocked. It will be a Land of Confusion.
I'd link you to the sub Reddit that is working on doing just that, but it's blacked out.
inside redoing the kitchen, going to be hard to work looking outside at sunny skies all day
I'm addicted to pita chips and if any of you even try to have an intervention I'll never speak to you again. It's MY life! LEAVE ME ALONE!
mane I need some pussy to eat....ladies spread those legs *licks lips*
"Real" Women Would Never Call Themselves "Dimes" Cause "Real" Niggas Dont Carry Loose Change -Breeze DTA-
Whatever you do to ring in the New Year, be safe. Wishing you health, success & happiness in 2011!!
wat does that mean?
I can't wait for your movie :)
I just prayed and hoped I wouldn't get the train,,,,and I did
Thanks so much for the RT, love! Appreciate the support =)
You and me both Mitt, you and me both. RT Romney, arriving in NH, on Bachmann "She was a great candidate. We'll miss her."
Snow white and the huntsman is PG-13! Suck on that! I CAN go! (;
um, really? I had no idea.
Heh... I was waiting for that! So far though, life here is the best!
Y is it 50 degrees outside. Last week it was 85!!!
Let the drawing begin!
Not ok:Tenant pays for eviction procedures, attorney's fees, server fees, court costs, any and all costs related to termination of tenancy
ooh I know man, great battle for TE between him and Lyerla... got a great class coming in
who decides what uniform to wear, is that the coaches? Larry Bird? The players?
Mammography rocks. Easy hours. Never spend more than 10-15 min with one patient. Big money. Me = 34 years mammographer.
Really, and if Braun is exonerated as the rumors say. I love everyone rushing to judgement on something that should not be public
i think you meant internet
That's just awesome
RT RT : Dear , we all saw game, I don't need to know everybody's opinion on Tebow
a rabbit?! lol that's what you think i look like?
just about. you need it mastered or do you have someone for that?
No problem! Have an awesome weekend :)
Nasty Nate...right between the legs.
It's official: Going to again this yr: 7 yrs straight, since the near-religious show in '06. Any other #PDX kids going?
Learning the basics of computer programming... yep
don't worry guys, you can customize your open graph to show what you want to share and it only takes an afternoon
Georgia and its bipolar weather
Strawberry picking this weekend, woot woot!
Lol! I had frozen yogurt... With an ass load of peanut butter! That canceled out the healthiness of it
Rex is the master limerick man.
Agreed! uses and we heart them!
please tell Tess thanks to her I am no longer an 'egg'. And thanks to you for the Red Hook.
I've spent 2 hours working on my car. I'm kinda obsessed with cleaning my car<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097>
Enjoying a nice gar with and and
Bass & Wieland Give a Hitter's Clinic! Don't miss it! Tuesday on Fox Sports San Diego!
RT Former USC and Chargers football star Junior Seau found dead (story link to follow)
Pacers Coach Frank Vogel takes 3rd in NBA Coach of the Year voting. Spurs' Greg Popovich takes first and Bulls' Tom Thibodeau takes 2nd.
Alright 200 bucks today, finally a source of income
crazy day.
Thank you everyone for coming out to support the Aaron Koppel Quartet CD release and Matt Nelson Trio at the Jazz Showcase! What a show :)
im still , in my school uniform >>>>
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Faultline - Saloon (live updates)
TONIGHT -- and more at 5P. and at 8P. and at 10:15P.
#followfriday : 102 yrs old and Twittering. Do I have to say anymore? ^dy
Caleb McSurdy finally gets to area - ESPN (blog)
my co-editors and i have decided to hold off publishing the book. a little longer. till after the #PHXCC. for some detailed flow editing.
I however has lots of fun and played great. Can't be mad. Got it in best.
Thanks ...can't get it live at work...Hoping the Vikings stay.
too much too late! #obama doesn't really care abt the coal industry...let alone have a plan for
I WISH I WAS DATING ROC I WOULD BE SO HAPPY BUT IM STILL MAD I CAN'T RECORD ON MY TV
Billie Holiday... create a Pandora Station and life suddenly leaps, skips, and dances with fun and childish glee. I would highly suggest it.
Count up your successes regularly. -Anita Campbell
I will be in Chicago on April 20th. I'm so excited!
RT : If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over? John Wooden
one of my friends asked me last semester whether I was ashamed to wear my class ring. I honestly didn't know how to answer
you guys know each other. Small world. Have a great show.
These days losing your phone is worse than losing your virginity .. smh
Wicca is just something suburban white kids do when their parents ground them.
Battlefield 2 Story Mood Is Good :D
": Damn those Belgians thinking they have any sort of bearing on me, don't they know we're above the law? Shame #keissepayment"
Tonight is the start of Hanukkah! This is such an important date in the Jewish calendar & the Christian faith! The time of & for miracles!
Can't wait for you to get to Hudson!!
#TruthIs i got the munchies!
My pleasure John, looking forward to meeting you at #CMworld in Columbus!
as soon as you have Google sync all your bookmarks, passwords and cookies between all your copies of Chrome, you'll be a goner.
To skip out on my part time day job and hit up or to not go to beach... that is the question. Obvious answer, I think yes!
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
I love !!! What a great comeback.
c0ngratulati0ns! it's great being p0pular & black isn't it? it d0es have it's advantages. 0h! wait....
They say I'm back. I agree with that.
I'm not gonna make it tonight, I will be in a fierce racquetball match. I will see you sometime this week tho!
hey there - I'm trying to watch GoT...where do u find it when u watch online?
You probably think hoping tht my mother gets by a car and dies is pretty terrible..in this case its not. It will do us ALL a favor! <U+2602>
LYLAB!!! Singing at karaoke tonight. Might do a little "Judas"...what do you think?
told me to follow you, so I am. I usually do what the man tells me to do. Keep up the hard work!
Amazing day signing autographs in Westfield Century City Mall, Los Angeles CA. Thanks you everybody. :)
Ugh. Wednesday.
I'd like to be everything you wannttt<U+2764>
all the people in your section are black #shocker haha
Sigh I would love to be around and be involved in making good music as a full time job everyday. Well at least everyday!
Taping The Babbie Mason Show Wed! Singing my new Christian tune "Somebody Greater" from upcoming CD "Free To Love" Will share air date soon!
haha but I have 20 options for my major across the US so I'll be checking it all out ya know
Last class of the day
Two thumbs up to The Stylistics singing 'Betcha By Golly Wow' during PHIvsCHI halftime!
Day 84 of 100: I am thankful for waking up with the image of my Dream in my mind's eye
presentation today :/
RT : Wow, Hard Rock roof was sick! Still want to know where the Secret Show is tonight? Post a link on how to vote for... ...
girl me too...and I know I did good on pretty much every assignment so idk what the prob is
they said they need a specific version and it supposedly costs $27. Ridiculous!
I have to make a bio about myself in 140 char. or less,and I don't think they'll want "borderline alcoholic," mentioned.
Go #Brewers! Finish it off Randy! www.TopTierLegalGroup.com
It was a pleasure hosting the National FFA Organization again this year. What a great group of students & teachers!
Ken Cassman - #feed9b - rapid growth of China & India; climbing energy prices; stagnant yields - caught us with "pants down"
I look so bad today.
section 13 row A $40 plus processing fee
We make em light up like a church
Today Aiden would've been 4 years old. Not a day goes by that I don't miss him & think what my life would've been like.
what a skeezy mustache
and then what happened? :-)
At work
there I one in Wisconsin!
God is STILL passing out Blessings.... How do I know? Because , if your reading this it means you made it another day! Thank God for Life!
Looking at 52 tabs w/interesting links from tweeps - this is why I went cold-turkey off Twitter last time!
did Gmail do a redesign just to show how much better it is than Facebook?
RT : His lips are dripping honey, but he'll sting you like a bee. -Carrie Underwood
By law, at least one Super Bowl commercial must include Betty White. I'm good with it.
my brothers aquaman, just ask or i'm flash cause i wish i was fast... but i'm not
I'm still waiting for Bill and Ted to save the planet.
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies<3
You made my day today. Thanks (:
Got Warrants? Need a Bond? I can Help. At Hollie's Bonding we know "It's Good To Be Free". Agent Potter #KC #POLICE pls RT
#ThoughtsDuringSchool I hope to God I don't run into Keenan Madden <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Vinny you have a contagious laugh! I fluvv it! =)
2011 is ending send this to the 10 nicest zwaggers ZSwaggers you know. if you get 5 back you must be great.
I get this all the time -> RT : All women count on you, Josh. We find you godlike.
Don't let anything hold you back from accomplishing your dreams. Take it from me, it can be done.
LOL “: "Splish Splash" is probably the best song ever written about a guy taking a bath being ambushed by a dance party.”
RT : Masai: we tried every way not to include chauncey in the trade
| Let's talk micro-marketing! No photo required! :-)
Seriously Prince? I bet if that ball was a cheeseburger you'd catch it.
Lee Foster took a shaving cream pie to the face today for his birthday
Really, Internet? Not one nude pic of C.C.H. Pounder? Not one?
the lovely:)...thank you!
: I just attended a memorial service for Chuck Colson. It was a celebration of the life of a truly good man. May he rest in peace.
Sex takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.
The 2011 numbers are in: 158,684 #books given to #children in #LosAngeles thru our programs – with advice to
My wife tricked me into watching "A Walk to Remember" by starting it when she knew I was on my way home. These fools better bang it out.
Happy Tuesday!
Maybe the most interesting part of : German as secret language. What a simultaneously specific/non-specific folk-group identifier
Let me go pass out & come back to life. It's been over a month since my last class.
Charlie Daniels played the first intermission...now Tears for Fears! No wait, false alarm, that's a cover band.
Morning twitter dolls!! :-)
She be dancing 4 those dollars
Dick Clark was someone I would have loved to have coffee with. You'll be greatly missed, kind sir. :(
Frisbee from yesterday: acquired. Today's challenge: successful wearing of pencil skirt.
The most stressful week of this month is over
I will thanks :-)
damn London going IN! Check out fabric's line up for tomorrow night real quick. Might have to go again...
Craziest movie I've watched in a long time is Heavy Metal...thanks can't wait for Psychoville!
I like your term #Healthhustle. It should be a twitter trend! Healthy living is a 'must.' (:
Wishing everyone a wonderful Christmas!
Always remember that, no matter how useless you feel,you're someone's reason to smile.
It went well man. Philly's got a dope hip-hop scene! RT : howd philly go
and Why are your stores denying use of already purchased GIFTCARDS? Lame Lame Lame. Stealing!
'Baby I hear melodies, when your heart beats' <3 My favorite song on the album! My mom bought her own copy... #MomBelieber (;
Yeah, I have a smile on my face, but it's not real.
LeBron just mad John Lucas hit like 3 threes on him back in Chicago..smh
Steven Blake!
'just tell us the price, son' ...
is there anything coming up at church for young adults??
NYE Irish celebration at 6pm then Walkers Point Pub crawl from 9p-6a with more live music at 10p. Comp champaign.
thanks, i'm checking out your site
i would just like to thank all my followers for following it means so much to me
Even better! Children have a way if opening up our creativity, no?
Hi, is there a way to reach you by email? Thx!
Whenever someone asks me over/under ANYTHING, I always say push.
Hey is there a game on 2 nite?
Either I took vitamins this morning, or the radiation from Fukushima is WAY worse than we've been told.
TRIVIA: Who built the world's first four-wheeled automobile?
Final four celebration is on Tuesday April 17 at 530 4th street live
Learned a new word today: "Slacktivists" = People who passively “like” causes on Facebook or post an icon on a social profile
LoL but can you say "Engage"!
where is our butt picture yo
Can't wait to see the VMAs tonight with the KDA Dancers!!
we've got something for you this weekend thats straight from Heaven! And you're never gonna guess what's gonna happen!!
UCSD alert system, why must you call me at the strangest hours with the creepiest male automated voice??
Listen. I'm alone at a crossroads. I'm not at home in my own home.
Quoting One Direction?
I'm feeling the pain.
What a gorgeous pic.
funny cuz what I remember that he one a world junior championship. And a ohl championship ahaha. He will get that cup soon!
. just told me I have shampoo commercial hair today; is my new favorite person.
read it and love it!
RT - The Miami Dolphins want more physicality from rookie RB Daniel Thomas.
good luck fellas
Today is my birthday can someone please follow me <3
Michael Bay did explosions in 21 Jump Street. Life made.
thanks. I have a lot of those. More into beer but I'll check out that wine app. Are you upgrading to 4S?
thanks Chris. Marsha, I'll email you more information on how social commerce is driving our business.
Stole My Biggest Piece Of Chicken..! Sucka!
#AGoodRelationship Is based on Trust
A man died yesterday at the Rangers game falling from the stands. Pray for his family and remember what's truly important in life!!
#Imagine You: I've heard some rumors about you dating a model... Liam: True. You: Wha-..? Liam: She's talking to me right now.
Jab We Met or 42nd street!
I think i'm gonna post a video of a new original song this week.
The government solution to a problem is usually as bad as the problem. ~ Milton Friedman
Had a revr on Amazon list page nos. for 4 alleged errors in my own book. Checked. 2 didn't exist, 1 was in the dedication.
What is this strange world you describe? Oh, futbol.
Going on this boat tonight wit my mom and others
hey, I wrote you back twice. Last one even asked if you got the one before. Strange. Emailing you again now.
Wild to imagine life without some of the songs that seem so elemental.
didn't have a 1st round grade on Brockers???
. has found her groove with #csls treasurer trng - she's got jokes, addressing questions, coming up with good examples. awesome!
If Garcia has a bad start, maybe its a sign that he and Colon realized how old they are
are you on tinychat with anyone
How did you accomplish this?
lol, I will do my best!
I been following you and get everyone of your tweets can you please follow me babe, it would mean alot to me xoxoxo
Are u single b/g?
A girl just walked up to my desk singing the Meow-Mix song. I started singing it with her.
dude i get home from skool nd practice turn om the tv nd bamm !! iconic boyz reruns :D ju made my day !!!!
oh, forgot about waffle fries!
Thanks for the love & right back at you!
#dhtrial. Thinking of wafting pizza fumes under the jury door . Their hunger speeds resolution.
looks like beautiful weather in Australia. What was the show?
You have stolen my heart.
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with
I haven't heard any more. I would read Robert Feder and Chicagoradioandmedia.com They cover this.
Vegetarian Times recipe of the day: Tofu Shapes w/ Hummus. Tofu *shapes*? Really? Oh, that rhombus is making my mouth water.
“Identify your problems but give your power and energy to solutions.” Tony Robbins
;) A Volvo 240 wagon is its smaller cool Swedish cousin
hope you're stuff gets better dude
well whats the number
we have more today!!! 3 and 5 PM! You gotta get there somehow! CHICKEN ON A STICK
Dude this show "Parental Control" is so fake!
Watching , I love , and Im rooting for my girl ! <3
Nice finish.
In our opinion, not at all....
OMG the end of that episode was SO good! We must watch the next one tomorrow!
follow me? <3
One of the most beautiful places I have visited as I have traveled for libraries around North America
Why can't monday be another sunday
In bed way too early on Christmas Eve, but family is already asleep. What to do, what to do? How about...watch some SIX FEET UNDER!
thanks, I'm glad for the comments by the way, they meant a lot to me! <3
I'll do whatever makes him happy.
nice!! Do u have the rest !!
What is your Commitment (what are you going to do) for 2012 to live a happier more Successful life?
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHhh. Sorry, but I'm lmfao.
tacky, maybe, but most definitely necessary.
Thank you for your mention. Blessings to you!
It's light brown and pretty big but it's flat and has grown quite a bit since it first popped up. & it has a big dark spot
what song were you and Brady singing yesterday on stckam? Wasn't it reliant k? I can't remember and its killing me!
I'm following you!
how was it, I'm wanting to make the trip myself. Worth it?
Went to see the Titanic exhibit today at Union Station.
Looking forward to connecting again at
same!! That looks sweet
haha I don't think so, I just saw it in settings yesterday and thought I'd try it out.
It may b my internet malfunctioning,but i think there may b somethin wrong w/ur facebook page.thot u should kno.just lookin out
once you have the ms on the screen it's great but haven't figured out system for transferring files back and forth efficiently.
I'm bummed that I can't make it to the show when you come to Houston because I have cheer practice ):
Bro, are you aware that you bare a striking resemblance to a young Kevin Clash, he's actually very famous, google him, to funny
"A penny saved is a penny earned." - Benjamin Franklin
vanilla or mint flavor? I think they have coffee too i think? I love It's It. :)
#welcomeToChicago you can no longer tell who's a man or woman...smh
When my right leg is darker than my left one<<<<
love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools in UK. Can we skype? Mail Klaas .com one of the seven fantastic tools
The love of an #Aries man will warm you with passion one minute and the next minute,you may feel as if you are sitting in the North Pole.
Nothing seems frustrating like trying to do anything with DRS VM Groups/Host Groups in #PowerCLI. Talk about clunky. Yikes.
i am just talkin overall! lol
Sprained ankle..
those look great! How long does a rack take on the grill? I've only smoked them.
Big day today - lots of exciting news coming out soon...
It's all downhill from there, unfortunately. I'm hoping they'll reprise it over the end credits.
If you don't have boundaries in your habits today, you will be in bondage later on.
I couldnt help but start rolling when i seen what i put lol
Remember that one time we got called ugly by that Mexican midget at bartini's?
only thing better would have been a uofm loss....
Tonight's Special: Bowl of Beef Stew
Im comin home im cming home tell the world im comin home love that song:-)
Ready do some shopping on 3rd avenue... shopping in NY is dangerous to a womans pocket. Lol
For all you Nebraskan Directioners, has yet to put up the ticket info fo the Kansas City show. So prices/VIP are unconfirmed.
text me?
that's a hood spot bro! Off the chain
How do yall feel about a beach party?
i don;t know many. ask hayden, he knows lots
Can you please follow... on americas got talent i voted for you and onedirection happened and im in love with you guys
T4 Nurses have a lot of influence in Health IT because they enter the most data. They just don't get enough recognition
hang in there.....
you're the bestest/most beautiful Easter bunny ever
Hey, it's not like it took a great effort. It's one of the best films ever!
Sorry bud I was swamped all day here
I finally #passed my #Driverskillstest second chance effort
He's fun to watch, but they go a little overboard with his highlights
Show at Now That's Class got pushed back. Tv crimes at 9PM. Come hang out.
and, generally, if TT work together in gen / on diss committees in particular.
the co. we went w/ had A+ B rating, did decent job but not A+ worthy. Tough decision, not much info out there :(
I Walk Alone - Greenday :) I love this song!
#HowAboutWe get out of here and go to florida
I'm lookin' through you, where did you go?
Time to pass the fuck out
no thanks.
he should have tucked.
I know I miss her.
you should try
Looking forward to touring the College Presidents through the tunnels this afternoon.
social networking ruins my grades.
Thanks for meeting with me today! We are VERY excited on what is to come!! :)
For those not traveling to Columbus, where are the big #Aztec watching parties tomorrow?
RT : These jobs numbers validate my pre-written press release.
Who has the scented candles at #ala2009?
for sure :)
I also hope none of my 5th graders are reading the story.
forgot my deposit slip today, no big, the company is always good here.
SUPER BOWL CHAMPS BABY! CELEBRATING WITH MY BOYS AT LAMBEAU THIS AFTERNOON!
thanks, glad we could be a part! Please thank all your drivers for us as well!!
These females is RATCHET, that's why I keep a Magnum for my Heart !
Apple stock shares rose more than $3 within minutes of Jobs' appearing on stage yesterday.
: Our #YUM was recently insulted by one of your employees for using coupons. Should all #couponers not shop there?
Time for a nap! Hopefully I'll have new #followers when I come back!
For the 3rd year in a row we're headed to UCSD this afternoon to volunteer our services at the Delta Idol fundraiser- pretty hair on the go!
Physically and mentally drained
I miss Christina <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
and don't get in trouble for doing so. The school is sending mixed signals, it needs to just have zero tolerance on tht stuff
Professional development can only help the HR Professional!
Kudos to Orlando Magic. Now its time to Break their (Lakers) Legs!
can't wait to see you May 24th in Wichita! Tonight is the night is in "A" rotation right now!
The BIGGEST n HOTTEST Halloween party is Saturday!! B97 and Club Metro let's get nutz!!!
Just walked past a line of people waiting for nickelback and realized they all had terrible taste in music and I am sure most things in life
Morning. Off to school. :(
the show was really good. Funny as hell.
happy new years everyone!!!!!
Amicus morning quote: When the world says, "Give up," Hope whispers, "Try it one more time." ~Author Unknown
is that a picture of everest at animal kingdom?
It's like voting for zits over warts
hola come to NY house
": $10 shoes for #BlackFriday...>> get your heels before they were gone? Haha
So, have you heard of Lulz Knights? They claim to be behind the LCSO hacking.
Being attracted to someone who you can't hold a conversation with.
what up buddy!
The #DallasMavericks appear to be choking right now.
Whoever looks for the truth deserves the punishment for finding it.
Enjoying dinner with #mybeautifulbride at the #Edgewater Hotel in #Madison with a beautiful view of Lake Mendota.
I'm an outcast from my family... Oh well.
when does the tweet ban go into effect?
friends. *fingers crossed for you* Aw thanks :)
yikes! Look down and pull it out gently
To repeat: Adam Jones is sick of drunk fans running on the field, the stadium should have dogs ready and the fans should be tased.
morning errbody!! if u haven't already done so, u need 2 go to itunes & download Litchfield's album called "New Beginnings!!" DO IT!! =D
Welp one bucket to save the season. 8-0 run and down by one. Turnovers and bad shots may lead to being in a 0-2 hole. Yikes
A3:I agree! RT Honestly, I'd like to see the ebook trend not overshadow print, and just plateau
Ur 20 and still live with your mom ! Shut ! It's damn cat food!
hey man, thanks for the follow. What is the site for the east?
Life is a one way ticket.... You choose the destination..... Happy Friday!
free top golf Saturday at 8pm.
you welcome boo we needa hang asap
#PUNKD Was awesome. Sorry , nobody can prank
what do you mean what happened
get it girl :$
And lastly, I was born in Altoona PA. So I am a Curve fan, and being a Curve fan and not a Pirates fan is just akward.
50% OFF is over. Time slots filled. Thanks everyone. Have a good weekend.
Gahh, I should stop tweeting. Idk why reading Chris' old blogs got me hyper or something.
Safety Tip: Use only first initials and last names on mailboxes and in phone books.
love you moar! ;D
hah i suppose
Going to st paul with meeting up with travy lee and his wifey at great waters!
I'm taking bumming to a whole new level
Friday Faculty Fest TODAY! Ted Scholz on "Seeds for Innovation". 12:00-2:00 in LIB 301. (Lunch provided.)
Let me start at the end, the part I haven't figured out yet. Yes, I am, I'm moving slow...
Why does almost every pastor I know LOVE cars? God wants us to have nice things but I'd rather have a nice house and a raggedy car myself...
"is the plural of Tria, 'Tria'?"
i could say the same to you...i'm slowly returning, but not requiring the kids to tweet anymore...diigo.com instead
My teeth are chattering! Temps in central VA only 97...down from 108 in NC earlier.
Ok workin right now is borin!! Ugh
Good Morning gorgeous!
me and just wrote the best effin reggae song ever haters :)
I can try and find out for you !
Key Note Speakers Include: Patricia Julianelle, National Association for the Education of Homeless Children and Youth
words too real to post up on Facebook.
the only thing I could think of, is the vikes lied and said there was another team interested in trading up.
Lol I'm running and I don't think I can stop. May I should take a break???
It's because I'm the worst gay ever. RT Jeff! You broke my lil gay heart.
What is this "or what have you" expression? Reminds me of "I tell you what."
uhh, the combo of button-ups and denim shorts is a good thing.
United Online Launches 4G Mobile Broadband Service
#hotpeopleifollow shot, & . duh. <;
I'm gonna start making a bucket list right now. <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D>
Dam I'm fuck up just got home
That is such a cute picture! :)
miss you boo!!! <3
#isaythatalot... I <3 MIAMI. How about you?
: Babies can remember music they hear while in the womb for up to a year."
I love the magic that happens after a hurricane like Irene. All the neighbors come out to help clean up. Warms the heart!
HP ump Ed Hickox either favors outside K or he's terrible, those outside Ks on lefties are in exact same spot as inside balls to righties
Today officially marks my crossover to the baseball family. Go Brewers!
Oh and BTW i have a Masters in Music Theory. Im also a well accomplished singer. Id like to think I know a little on music.
I'm not sure that "Weird Things Happen on the Bus" is a publishable research finding, but I'm willing to find out :)
TONIGHT - The Heaven & Hell Halloween Party with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George and with The Lotus Dance Team @ ABQs Best Place To Dance - Lotus
nice try.
kef recommends! RT " working on music for saturday show w/ at "
Woke up all night
so um.. bye 'til my undergraduate career is finished.
Yup yup its love girl! Enjoy your day!
I'm just glad that a) there was a student with me who convinced it to go back outside and b) she only laughed at me a little bit.
Thank you for awarding DETROPIA the Grand Jury Prize for documentary! We are thrilled! Biggupps also to !
when does ray mysterio come back to the wwe
please RT if u are online:) and ohh follow me plzz:)
THE DEMONS ARE BACK!
judging by your 'reply' I'd say ur accidentally doing that sleeping thing again : )
Honored to have been chosen to edit 's new small-format coffee-table book with 50 powerful leadership ideas. Check it out!
I would've been happy if just 1 came back! Can not lie!
Its Killin Me Swear I Nevaa Cried So Much..
Had such a wonderful birthday!! Thanks to everyone who made it so special!
- thanks for retweeting us, y'all!
Gifted snuggies combat snowstorm chill quite effectively. Thx and vendors. :)
RT : Golf truly is over 90% mental! Find your focus on the range and carry it to the course. Focus on what u do not on...
No you didnt have to cut me of. And now ur just somebody that I used to know. Or whatever the lyrics are lol
Anthony Davis had the 3rd most rebounds in a single NCAA Tournament since '73. Only Nick Collison in 2003 and Larry Johnson in 1990 had more
shit, we young & bored and we do what the fuck we want. we livin' that YOLO life
Welcoming Maria Wolfe, Sr. VP from From one great music capital to another! Hope you enjoy the ATX.
It's so humid. Definitely one thing I don't like about the hot months. xp
now if they can only find an affordable place to live
x Miami Takes Game 2.!
2 days and counting
Tonight: Tilapia Tostadas with Pineapple-Avocado Salsa and White Beans
RT - #Cleveland is stocked with prospects. In #ST Hoyer remarked on how deep the Indians were. I could see a deal with th...
Absopostively, my friend. But I tend to favor stuff that... special. The weirder, the better.
Mehhh got home from work and the house was empty :(
The essential thing is not knowledge, but character
Chef Dallas' kitchen tip of the day: sharpen your Japanese knives 60 degrees towards you and 40 degrees away.
that's why I hate time travel.
Neither is dad.
Understandable w/ getting Kal @ 12am in Charlotte #good-friend, Sensing beautiful places, but not smiling faces in SC this morning
The United States government is attempting to crack-down on illegal immigration
Good morning mi gente what's in the agenda today
Selecting readings on born-digital archives for our next tech services meeting discussion. What are your favorites?
RT : I'm moderating the next session w/ & speaking about social media power & pitfalls.
Show time and she's coming out lights camra action show us what your about cause its show time let it all outletsshowtheworldurmyboyimurgirl
what happens if you've had a recurring subscription for awhile now?
hey what's going on just left u a message
No problem. =)
By guys going to the prade
Idea: bottomless nachos
aw you guys are seeing them?!? Jealous I won't be there with you girls!
excited about my Internship :)
nah I havent
it all goes back to being strategic.
In the shower? Utterly heartbreaking.
Its crazy how you cn go from liking a guy so much to want to beat his ass and not wanting to hear his name
Today in Literary History: Thornton Wilder's "Our Town" opened on Broadway at Henry Miller's Theatre (now Stephen Sondheim Theatre) in 1938.
They have never handled cheap shots well. Thats everybody's biggest complaint with the league inc. us in Buffalo. Its a joke
sweet. In the meantime have fun in FL love
Nah, thought you needed songs or tracks for submission.
I think it's sad I have not one pair of sweats
The greatest barrier to success is the fear of failure.
Well, I liked most of what he said. But now I need it to become action.
We were at #vcrushny, great event and panel. Thank You!
RT No joke: Someone named Omar Little Jr. was arrested in Baltimore last night on a handgun charge
I figured out my reddit password :D
#Writers (Holy) #Grail | Paid to write vs. on spec. TV prod. will set in either L.A. or N.Y. | Learn what the Networks are buying:
I agree! God's way is the best way! ;) You're welcome by the way.
Using some old school industrial techniques for a Cold Metal Future remix...
I would love to understand what kind of challenges you are having with Socrata / NYC Open Data site /cc
I don't like your face c:
I want to give a Shout Out Too Happy Birthday Sis ILove You!!! :)
Atleast they put baggy jeans on that Tupac hologram cuz I know 4 damn sure he wouldn't wearin' no skinny jeans!!lol
burpees are very hard... They are my exercise nemesis along with pylometrics! :-)
what are we gonna do tonight i'm fckin bored :/
You're welcome. Such a great story!
: What are some of your favorite Portland tweeps out there and why? // - the BEST whiskey sours eva!
Wright State's Julius Mays has committed to UK according to reports.
try eating a biscuit with Honey on it washed down with some OJ if that doesn't work drink some water and prop up with pillows
My guy grab a glass big enough for your thirst and put the juice back... Bout to kill my cart of Simply Orange
Let me ryangosling those grocery bags for you ma'am.
Thanks BMW - you're the best!
You did a great job yesterday. Sorry we didn't get a chance to connect!
Go on Twitter and follow people who are very different than you! Advice from at #faultlines session at
thank you for the follow! Much appreciated.
AH JERSEY SHORE TOMORROW
might just have.
Well, she is now on a show on a competing network. RT : I haven't noticed any gratuitous shots of Ashley Judd.
Listening to Dave Isay talk about StoryCorps!
lol yeah you right
I really wish I'd bee in Philly this weekend. Next time!
Don't forget! ASO is having a second model call on friday , march 2nd!
49 unanswered points...is that some kind of record?
Day 2 of eating healthy: I'm looking forward to more protein shakes today. Really. 'Cause it's the only chocolate in my day now.
WHY WOULD YOU STILL FROM SOMEONE WHOS TAKING CARE OF YOU.
Oh Christ as if I didn't hate TMZ to begin with....UGH! Did they seriously just make fun of Stephen Hawking, OMG they are so stupid! HATEEM!
OK, will do. Thanks!
Scramble with friends? Play me: blueaesthetics
love you too :*
I like that
yea the 77 bucks just let me know when you need it by so I can plan !
Either Google still hasn't worked the kinks out of registration, or academic tickets sold out in less than a minute.
hanging with and playing some xbox 360, call of duty bitches!
#RememberRapWhen the #Brat came out and that whole #SOSODEF movement.
Today's affirmation: I give myself permission to live up to my fullest potential.
Thanks Steve!
#3: What bit depth do you need? The higher the bit depth the better the scanner. A maximum bit depth of 42 will serve most office needs.
yes. tomorrow will likely wake up with lipstick and mascara.
sounds like a brag, song is the hottest of fire
Test tweet - Hi fellow museum lovers!
And it can be told: ere the summer ends, and I will have a hobbit hole in Wrigleyville where there will be much writing/oddness
there yah go. Now we are talking.
“: Going to be a nice morning for a run- get out there- Run for Life! #nyrr”
I can't stop thinking about #Sophialoren this morning.
"Arianna Interviews The Dalai Lama" #huffpost He asks: how do I start a LamaPost blog?
Thanks for adding your agency to our database of community resources for San Diego County--Glad to be a partner!
Careful on 101 Redwood City crash SB101 past Woodside blocking R lane, b/up to Ralston. Menlo Park NB101 before Marsh crash blocking R lane
This music for me is ultimately about a message. I think about my songs and its relevance a decade from now,it has to be. if not,why bother?
Come celebrate 7 yr anniversary tonight with a live performance from Wyclef Jean!
Seahawks will be back
that last one is interesting.
Too much gamers in the music industry. Everyone saying God this and God that and don't mean it. I can tell by the music they making.
I'll say it again... Bob Knight is the biggest idiot around... Gets asked about the top 5 teams in America and doesn't even mention KY! WOW
Happy Friday! What are you most looking forward to this weekend?
thanks for the #FF :-)
I think their done? :(
“: How many times do we forgive someone just bc we don't want to lose them, even tho they don't deserve our forgiveness?”THIS
Smoke all day everyday fuck wit me
Good luck to my brother today :-)
Hey come by our page and check out our Mixtape widget! Voting starts in 4 days!!!
Clean out your closets and help a good cause! Bring your gently worn, unwanted clothing to the game this Friday to donate to Goodwill!
. will not show his hand one way or another on mixed martial arts. Unclear if assembly will even pass
Why are you there?
Keep an eye on them, they could have sleep apnea!
Working in the office today on my Twitter account. Is everybody happy?
updating expressiaann.com and characters
Perfect sports weekend!! Way to go Packers n Brewers!!!
#edshow ERIC HOLDER trying to sue JOE ARPAIO. Well.....He might just be a RESIDENT in Sheriff JOE's TENT, soon.
RT : With one-sixth of the season gone, the #Twins are on pace to finish 42-120.
Some girls look constipated in their pictures
Please ignore He is obviously manic. I mean, all that *and* a shower?
thanks boo! I had to put messages on my packages lol
No 2 matter-energy events ever occupy the same spacetime/motion coordinates. The zillions of LHC proton collisions all represent exceptions.
yeah lol. & I was talking to "M" but then I fell asleep and she got off & she not on & I couldn't say what i wanted :(
to quote ~ we're gonna carpe a lot of diem!
Worry is like a rocking chair - it gives you something to do but won't get you anywhere. -Unknown Author
I'm in Miami triikk. Actually I'm in Weston, but, you know, close enough.
Heading there after work, can't wait.
Nice win for the White Sox. I am so glad Ozzie is wearing a different uniform. I liked him as a player, but he had to go as skipper.
Another win for on a perfect shooting night (4-4) for -- just two games out of that eighth playoff spot...
gonna get a tongue ring.. soon.
Prince who???
Finally getting to watch the finale of #americanidol and jeeze I am such a sap! Tears.
Celebrate KKIM Radio's 40 Years Of Service To Our Lord Jesus Christ, Friday, April 13, 6pm @ Legacy Church's Main Campus in Albuquerque -
youre* awesome paycheck.
Oh and we'll also be doing a set at 6pm at the Bird Frat show also on Sunday 1/8 also at . What more could you want?
Sometimes the wrong choices bring us to the right places
Motherfuckers can be very ignaurant know adays. The earth is full of negativity.
iTunes match, yes, but iCloud is free
i would be interested, as well. No ideas at the moment, though.
RT : People only want you to succeed a lil bit ... Not to exceed their expectations ...it angers them in unexplainable ways
Good morning and a #FF hello to our new followers. Thanks for following!
Singing one line of a song all day cus its the only part you remember.
ha ha maybe lol
My anti-bullying song is coming along wonderfully :D cant wait to post it for y'all!!
I got a full set instead! #thankful <U+E41F><U+E31D><U+E32E><U+E328>
Wishful thinking is wat I'm doing
RT World Environment Day is in 2 days! UNEP will plant one tree for every twitterer who follows by 5 June. Pls RT
"If you use LOTS OF OMG EXCLAMATION MARKS!!! or no capitals at all, that raises your score."
becoming expert in anything carries risk of pigeonholing. But IMO game expertise is essential to being a media artist, so...
Hey Michelle, do you know if they sell piglet ears in your store? I need some for my costume.
knowing the difference between these terms seems especially relevant with our work this semester.
Finally got my #pinterest invite!!!!!
yes #keepblockheadsinformedor everybody freaks out! Lol
I love my Cuzo. She's going to enjoy her bday this yr! Can't wait!
It's surprising but terrific that the Fiona Apple channel on #Pandora leads to Etta James singing "At Last".
food, NBA, Xbox, and girls. all I need.
Going #vegetarian tomorrow for at least a week ...So i'm eating a shit ton of meat for dinner. Lets see how this goes HAHA :)
will do, we'll be launching a website soon, and will have info about how people can be involved too...
Believe I would sit Davis down. Kids had a rough day...
Jeff Alan! What's good?
We were 7th row behind butler bench. I was rooting for both! Good game... Can't believe it was my first IU basketball game!
Question of the Day: If you saw an adult kissing a child on the lips, what would be your first thought?
Can't find a bottle opener. Neighbor has one built into his Jeep. BRB...
Also, I didn't stay very long. The food was mostly demolished already when I got there, still fairly early....
Balloon fight, water gun war... Anyone?
you're in for a treat, it was outstanding!
ITS BEEN TO LONG. Plus I'm in salem on the 20th :3
Lmao...this is why i dont get on fb anymore
are you saying that race might be over?
for my film friends: check out I think they might just be on to something
but of course!!
17 students, including four football players we arrested in a drug bust at Texas Christian University this morning.
Omg the sierra ward just retweeted me lol :)
Thanks! We need to have coffee soon.
Up early and shit while most of you fuckers are still sleeping.. I hate you all!
is waiting for an Excel document that just won't open
fantastic! Don't get it, but it is TX!
ASDFGHJKL Julian is going to be on my t.v ah FINALLY!
how is things with you and your bf i worry about u too
Back to the daily grind
do glad to here your day was amazing at - Dickson. I'm there next week for Easter!
cool! I love it here:)
I was never really a fan of those.
Someone needs to change the laws in Florida. Post haste.
my boy is back!!
Are you available for me to run the key up there?
great day for a 40 mile ride to put me over 1600 since april.
I listened to your Liberate session today and bawled my eyes out at work so, thank you. (No but seriously, thank you!)
there are 3 general features of crime; those include actus reus, mens rea, and concurrence
It would start pouring as soon as i walk outside -_-
Sometimes we forget that it's called the movie BUSINESS. Problem is sometimes the folks that make BUS decisions make ones we dont' like
Overheard: "Iron Cross - that's a Christian band right?"
ok kewl what kinda keyboard do u have
All macgyver needed was a hairpin
I am glad this love affair isn't happening in my house!
Needle hitting skin Ya...I'm getting inked
make sure to belt the shit out of it
The Solution: an interstate bicycle delivery by of CDs in exchange for crepes on the way back home
When you smile, I smile.
hello bieber *-* ._.
Saturday 5/23 there's a Free Kids Safety Day in Wilsonville at the Fun Center Free Safe Assured ID Kits for kids while supplies last
"God, if you don't bring my Lisa back safe.. Ants will burn tonight."- Nelson
#CaliforniaPizzaKitchen! By far the best pizza I've ever had :) #Yumyumyumyum!
I think I love eating more than you haha
heehee, you were right! Yaya told me she has the warranty papers, not you!! :X Ooopsie!! I so a-sorry, mama patita!
I think Glen should have shot the fat guy in the bar having the sheriffs back!
I honestly think my kids are escaped zoo animals. Lol
Thanks for following my tweets! I'm looking forward to following you too! Be blessed, Cindy K
It's hard to get a straight answer out of me..how can I give one when shit constantly happens
The only people who never fail are those who never try. -Mone
But I can't settle for less not anymore.
and don't forget orioles in first place?! Wtf!
Exactly! RT : "Visit Your Relatives Day!" Nothing like visit (especially to a favorite family member) instead of phone call.
Dig it! MT : For Christmas, I just try to go out of my way to help out anyone who needs it
Follow back shorty
I'm never having kids.
bored but I can't go to bed because I have spin class in like 2 hours lmao. hru bb?
driving from dallas to san francisco....
I started to change the channel and was liek y does the name sound so familiar and then i saw cher
#Democratic Party attacks #mothers who hold together the American #family. #DNC hypocrisy! RT
So how many of you have already bought SHATTER ME? (RT!)
MTV TRUE LIFE TONIGHT @ 10PM!!!
Cities are connectives. Superlinear. People aren't trying to be more efficient, there's just more social density. -
How do I get the porn stars to stop following me?
One look.... Was all it took.
SWAG ME OUT BITCH!!!!!!
Vampires don't like the light. It makes us sparkle. haha
we got a STANDING OVATION at the end of the show!! :)
yeah my #sizzlers loves me<333
They are available in bars, blocks, discs and chips
You should hear my cat.
lol it was the only one playing now. Sorry love, I'll make it up to u
RT : Seize this moment & become timeless.<=synchronizeNOW
That's what bench riders do. They hate. That still didn't stop the Grit n Grind. Tell them to hate on. We're on a mission.
Hey great situational hitting! 8 runners left on base/0 runs Hey , great 4th quarter! No points in the last 4 & a half mins
But tonight imma love you like there's no tomorrow
I'm sorry, I see no reason for Jack Hannahan to be playing 1B for the Tribe. It is an offensive position and Hannahan's bat is offensive.
When real big girls be wearing UGGs they look like socks smh lol....
"We won because we showed up to play." #sh*tathletessay
June 29 at Lindner Family Tennis Center in Mason. Send email to .com or follow for DM for full details
Follow your High!! Stay
Good leaders rarely think in terms boundaries; instead, they think in terms of opportunities.
Growing salads...and tossing them...hold your comments!! PHB fish fry in FULL EFFECT!!!!
I hate makeup
i only know two people in that league and they all talk shit, you will be offended
DJ On1 Coming To A City Near You
Regular naps prevent old age... especially if you take them while driving.
Farewell by J. Cole has been giving me life all day. The instrumentation is everything, especially the violins. Hadn't noticed them before.
I really dislike you.
This Starbucks in Westwood Village is ca-razy busy! Must be 4 p.m...
You know, when you post something and then you have to confirm your email? Hate waiting.
Romans 6:14 For sin will have no mastery over you, because you are not under law but under grace.
I made a new term "Indigenestion" (in-dig-i-nest-shun) term 4 when non-indigenous folk have trouble processing indigenous behavior / ideas
I just rode the hamster ball with Eunice LOL
RT if your going to watch Vampire Diaries Tonight!;)
S/O to my new followers and
Undercover Boss is back on the air, I'm excited.
you didnt go to any other concerts like the scream tour?
Man my aunt was sitting on my 200$ headphones like wtf yo
That's my bad y'all
pure sex? What video did you see? Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Watching child's play...
Movies and walking around with skylarrrr<3
Tomorrow Never Knows - psychodelic rock experimentation by George Martin and the lads.
Need 2 storytellers for "Scaling the Mountain" 9/22 and 2 for "Under the Influence" 10/10! Send ideas ASAP to
At the airport way early. Got checked out by a cute pilot! It's the little things in life that make me happy. LOL!
Thanks, this is really powerful!
LinkedIn? Need to track your doings since Poynter? How'd your matzo balls taste? Smelled your kitchen here in NY!
just threw down! is currently tearing it up. Melismatics on at midnight here at Empty Bottle in Chicago.
How Was Your Birthday Mom? :)
Thank goodness. RT : Chris Brown got rid of the blonde.
Like our team so far...Carlos Gonzalez, Mike Napoli and Dustin Ackley are the highlights.
Just say yes to Mimosas
#fandoms I've read in - Doctor Who, Russell/Holmes, but my first love is HP - is in full, glorious swing right now
I'm surprised Cerner isn't a choice...not a bad list though, thanks.
should have known, there's an app for everything!
what did google do that's evil
The Florida Panthers will look to make it 4 wins in a row tonight against the Buffalo Sabres. The Panthers are the favorites, -130 on the ML
RT : Q1) How do you define social learning?
Who ever had 'they pretend to drink along with us' has to drink now
I hear you're on 4x12 now... Working tonite?
What is it that you want? Are you so desperate to bring a teenage girl down by hating on her from behind your computer?
another day another dollar
Saturday night = drinking night. #ItsAboutTimeThat you get weird
nah cus I just bought it when I got off work its in the station on 168th
#Badgers MT Learned from a source who was in a track meet in NJ that Ron Dayne's state record in the discus finally fell today
oh okay
WOW looks so HOT wearing that hot pink long dress with the leg cut open
I know this bc this is the first time your store has asked in awhile. I'm 31 years old.
witlows. Rooftop. Body shots
Be Blessed today and be a Blessing to someone else:o.
#badarchivists make manuscript origami.
I may just like it so your "threat" isn't threating =p
Any friends/colleagues at the CDS Meeting this week? What are you looking forward to? What are your goals? We'd love to hear them!
glad u like that Bru!
I have so much to say just dont know if I should
If/When you do tour a city on a segway, please share photos on
Saw it. Pretty good. And I wore my special shirt.
congrats, future one-percenter!
Don’t find fault, find a remedy. ~Henry Ford
im crying because i cant. I live so far away. :((((
#digitaltext Video feedback is done. Check your email for more info. See you Friday at 10 am in CB 3 1.312
Secret Stall Tues @ Sonic #Baltimore - Free T-shirt If u park in lucky stall & spend $10+. Guess stall-hints: Either stall 10,11,12,13,14.
Join us for a coffee break in 3 minutes!! Dial-in number (347) 855-8377
Ready to get some NINER FOOTBALL going!!
Dear Students, Thx for being forced to take our tests. We make mad cash each time you do. -- Your friends, Pearson execs.
Parting thought: life would be much simpler if everyone molded their plans around me.
i couldn't be nice it feels like leading you on
i'm glad I got to see you that last time. Shit.
The American Poultry Association is becoming overrun with mouthy amateur poultry fanciers who think they know poultry but do not.
TRAFFIC - Crash - Park St Onramp to EB Belt - Police on the scene
nope she would never lie to me!
#favchildhoodtvshows rugrats, eliza thornberry, courage the cowardly dog <3
The lady working in mobile at #bestbuy in perrysburg was just a total beotch to me on the phone. I guess she has a bad case of the Mondays
I think of horses...don't ask
Whew! We've been absent from twitter for awhile! Busy putting together events like this one for Austin moms and moms2be:...
“: You can't win a marathon without putting some band aids on your nipples!” So True..
Shouldn't you be encouraging good ass health?
Are you gonna delete the tweet that I tweeted?
ayo the flyest rapper in the room yeah you know its :)
I was gonna buy bambi's birthday present today but my mom is always making me pay for everything
Ah, - you are funny. haha
exactly! I use to weigh 217 now I'm at 195 I'm trying to get to 150. I know I can do it, I just need that extra push from sum1
Thanks KA! We will be back, often. After all, our tweenager will still have H-town roots...
INFO LINE RINGING OFF THE HOOK ABOUT #BODI TONIGHT. KEEP EM COMING 9192017251
don't be that type of person. Your acting like a child Tyler
Thank you -- muahz!
At DIA with -our delay now 3.5 hrs. Who's got a hidden gem tip for DIA for us?
I appreciate the tip--very No Country for Old Men.
" 30 minutes down and my voice is holding up! My fingers are crossed for the next 2 hours" u look good, that's what matters ;)
Is this from OKCupid?
o fareal I ain't no cheap hoe doe
Come to Twins Jazz Club tonight to check out some incredible music 1334 U st NW doors open at 8!
St. Bart's. just amazing place. I can't get my head out of it!!
In #nosework seminar: "the hunt becomes self-rewarding". Just like #geocaching!
Ok, flying for the first time in 3 years in the am. Any new rules I should be aware of? Can you tweet from planes yet?
wow call to turn it on, she will be your Doctor Doctor he needs you bad! Someone will save you, =-O :-\ :-) :-D
My favorite animal is steak. Fran Lebowitz
make everything a competition even the idea of bringing a pen! Positive, over exaggerated motivation, respect, visual stimuli.
Christianity is the religion of the wealthy and the strong! You liberal poors, go to boodism and stop occupying my country.
Yeah it's real!!! She want the dick
Re: BHM - tell me about it.
love that song <3
Can see where my head is. Read this as meaning making young authors appear older :)
today! Looking forward to great programs and fabulous weather in SF Bay Area...hope you can join us!
I need that girl in my life
I lost my favorite coffee cup - the one I use every morning. it's really throwing me off
your on a bracelet
all of the above.
Rest in the FAITHFULNESS and goodness of God!
Thanks Lisa! It was great to meet & run with you too! Following you right back! :-)
It's beginning to look a lot like
I'm about to go through the TSA checkpoint in Little Rock with three pounds of bacon for Is bacon prohibited? Y'all wish me luck.
Is anyone starting to lose faith in the ?
me too
"...and I was always outrageous." - Janis Joplin. Enjoy Marfa & then your trip to Cali for your Janis Joplin adventure!
#sdmayornp Carl's up next at bat
LOL, i wish it had been. he was insufferable!!
We love to have feedback for spainish schools about the use of symbaloo as Personal learning enviroment. To adjust,change or improve
Love you too!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
I have City Directories here that will list her...what was her name?
who orders a frappuccino so early in the morning..sounds like me
Cooking channel has wonderful tips for delicious and easy dishes. FOLLOW ALONG WITH ME alton brown
This weekend would be perfect!!!! I'm free Sat. or after I work at Club Fri. night if you want to do a night out!
Ooh, Quick-Miller-Schneider? Or even Quick-Miller-Campbell? This pleases me greatly.
LOL it's now making its way to my other neighbor's balcony....squeezing between the little gap between the railing & the wall
how many staff members to leave now? There has got to be more to the story than people just switching careers.
"Abstract Expressionist value expression over perfection, the unknown over the known, and the inner over the outer." (William C. Seitz)
giving up an extra bedroom. But in Austin it is sunny over 300 days a yr and warm enough to swim April-Oct
And thank you as well!
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America
thinks that beer makes you feel the way you ought to feel without beer
Jesus remembers when others forget!! You're not forgotten God knows your name, address & everything about u #encourageyourself Breakthrough!
Can I get a RT from my favorite bball player???
Overheard at: BarnesAndNoble Cafe: Could I just have a seltzer water please? ...cont...
KP is gonna start to need bubble wrap come playoff time.
My hair is NEVER nappy and if I need a comb you need a new face my dude Louis does NOT wanna try me talking bout he look like Chris brown
Derrick Rose is shooting 41 percent since the all star break. Lebron has shot 58 percent. Rose has been great, but not MVP
First tweet of the day. Tweet.
Happy to say I am in my studio working today. What will you create this week?
Oh god, thank you give me a chance to live
A strong woman knows how to keep her life in line she never give up ! never cry even in bad times always say I'm good #Real women !!
Officially done with classes till the Fall! Shit, I still have finals.
Amen in the name god!!....i found me a church :D OwnsMyHeart:)
Maybe, emo kid, if you wouldn't wear such tight jeans, you would not be forced to walk like your nuts are crushed.... Because they are...
4 days til I get 2 C the wonderful face of my lover. I've had 2mths to get my house in order & Now I have 4 days
(when god was making my boyfriend) God: "i'll just sprinkle a little perfection" *whole bottle comes out* God: "whoops. Oh well :)"
I just omitted my pants.
For all of those that pray or hope on here, please do either for my uncle, he's in the hospital and needs all the support he can get. <3
The west is the best
Keep up the great work followers! Help us reach 715 followers and we will send drink credits to those who do and msg us their email address!
#beachboysmusic a way of life, a Southern California philosophy for a generation The music of my life!
PJ, you're being a bit harsh towards GayP, don't you think?
Heck yeah, I love that tune. Props to Pandora!
YUP ON A CLOUD
Better than your work. RT Day 32 since Mayor of Milwaukee was asked about what he'd do w/budget. Still no answer.
Thanks for the follow !
“: this weekend. Big star. #youin? ” 2 weekends is bigstar.
yea....thanks for telling me that.....
Camera phones come in handy. How did we live without them?
Listen to "Right By My Side" always reminds me of
OMG hahaha the notes you guys left on my boxes! :D
RT @: RT : Right now you have 3 fingers behind your phone, your pinky tucked under for support, and you're scro ...
You think I'm doing this to make you jealous And I know that you hate to hear this But this is not about you anymore.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Veronica Mars, you are such a clever gal. New tv obsession...
Can I just mention, Freddie's, a little low on cheap wine. Easter. Ta da.
Willie Nelson and Tony Bennett. ;)
Fell into tickets for John Zorn Masada Marathon tonight. can't wait
Another example of how exhibit label editing is difficult: RT : Yup. RT : You this read wrong.
Just got my first ever berating for telling him to hurry up (whole table was) when he was 10 min in the tank on a 15bb nl jam
On the road again-- because I live to drive and I drive to eat!
Looking for a C#/.Net Developer. Bloomington, Indiana. #Perm #C# #ASP.NET #DHTML #XML Client will pay for clearance. http://
bethany, we need to meet now. ford, i'll be seeing you in 3 weeks..hopefully!
Happy birthday Mackenzie! Can't believe it's been 11 years.
lab/husky mix. He's a weird dude.
People saying they have swag makes me vomit
A very happy #SuperBowlSunday twitterverse! Predictions??
Pinterest is great, but highly addictive!
Good stuff. Thanks!
Big Bank Roll!!!!!
Pleased to announce I will be playing at King King in Los Angeles on April 26th with Lynx & Salva as part of a Do Lab event!ow.ly/9QNxR...
Red English <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009F>
I have yet to get a personalized auto dm. It's 100% spam.
Avengers may possibly be the best movie ever!!!
My accountant is a goddess
dis exposing page so bold&i go tew school wit one of them smh i feel bad for them dats y u shud be careful who u send pics tew
I'll be at #ImagineRIT volunteering :-) good choice of something to do on a Saturday I #roc - only happens once a year!
Helter Skelter covers and mostly naked women.
Really? The worst part of a kid selling his kidney for an iPad and iPhone is that he could have gotten a laptop too?
Currently having a long text conversation with We are in the same house. The 21st century has ruined us.
lol he's super sweet and nice though
lol congratulations to niall is his relationship and zayn too. haha i heard on the radio earlier....but anyways good for them :)
lmao it sound good but yeah I guess I'm a be ready
well, the tampoline was VERY #interesting with
have an extra ticket. Fly to Chicago. Lol! Fun times!
“: I've never seen drunk folks so excited for praying. Cheers as Tebow Tebows.”.
... If it starts becoming sunny though that'd be nice
That last tweet could be used against me in a court of law.I didn't do shit Mr. Government people.
RT : I'm the only coon watching BET -_- no I am two
how's it going?
this is insane. Please appeal the #caseyanthonyverdict. I'm sick to my stomach.
love that the available 'library' position in this city is for a custodian...
“: Working out(:” like always (:
I will definitely visit again. Wonderful service and now #1 on my spa list. I highly recommend the spa escape.
are getting down and dirty at the Buddy Ride and Run in Chicago!
true?“: Just confirmed that Clippers Season Tickets are sold out. Believed to be the first time in team history.”
Who's the meaning of life? Sexual wednesday. I can't wait till Wednesday.
Wed/ tomorrow 7pm THE NEXT ONE TO FALL @ Mysteries to Die For, Thousand Oaks. Sweet lady, dynamite writer!
My friend is trying out for the x factor. Any tips if she gets in?
Life is a journey, travel it well
~ Oh.. Okay. I have sent them to twitter: Hope it helps..Any others O wlil send via email:-)
here we go. Thanks for reaching out to us. Felice Navidad.
Henwood originally agreed to do the panel. but I guess his bad blood w/ Berman and dislike of the RCP got to him
Happy Christmas! <3 HP
Yu must think yu ah mermaid now!!!
Women's History Month is here! We recognize the late Mertie Buckman for providing the initial spark 17 years ago to start
I really want to do #COVERTHENIGHT !
Can someone remind me on Saturday to GET MY FREAKING HAIR CUT.?
Looking forward to the launch party this weekend.
OUTspoken Radio Loves ya!! xoxoxo
It helps me sleep easy.
homework now.
Tomorrow starts a new month and also gives you a chance for a fresh start! Make October your best month..need help? Just ask:)
tonight's the night! Crashing Cars Online EP Release!
Hi can yu please please follow me I just found out that ur shutting dwn ur twitter accts .. Nd it would mean alot if yu fllw me
Thought of Kubrick's 2001, with the apes and monolith. Them trying to comprehend a puzzle is like mom trying to figure out a DVD player.
You guys need to stop taking pictures and focus in school!
So sad I couldn't make it! Had other engagements. Let me know when the next one is...
comedy is a good thing!! So, YES, bringing you along sounds like a great idea. :)
Life was meant to be lived, and curiosity must be kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life.
My TL is blowing up
#InstantTurnOn mature women
So much in the works! Some awesome deals shooting up next.. plus GoGeddit TV!
Lol I jus had to see hw it felt and it made me feel cool
LeBron James accepted the MVP award without his headband
So not feeling it today.
Can we also therefore say, unhappy marriage, unhealthy heart?
Not much makes me smile more than a call from my mom just to chit chat about nothing.
I'm so sleepy.
It hasn't been. It's really the only issue where I'm completely unwilling to listen to the other side's viewpoint.
only a teacher could post this. I could tell you stories!
I'm absolutely thinking about my lunch plans. Hoping will be near the Inner Harbor today.
nobody is. You don't have to be perfect to make someone happy.
. Thanks for asking. It was meant to be. How was my lady?
What do you think of the various p90x nutrition plans?
follow me alli? (:
glad you're diggin the tunes! Thanks for the support.
well just give me luck for finding that one girl i gtg k
This week is going so SLOW -____-
Interviewing candidates for endorsements at the SD County GOP Executive Committee meeting.
you shouldn't be on twitter?
oh ard. i just hope you know they're getting fucking cooked in the finals.
'Tis true. We've been GSU for longer, y'know. RT : On an unrelated note, regarding "real GSU" please see website: www.gsu.edu
Our correspondence with his girlfriend looks more like mad ravings of the two.
Speaking at the flemming steak house..tulsa. Oklahoma tonight 6:30 pm
Watching Tangled. so cute :-)
Hell. Yes. That. Truth!
Even grumpier than yesterday. Only been up for about an hour, already pissed off 3 of my 4 family members
Thanks! If you're in the Baltimore area and are interested in volunteering to teach a follow-up lesson, let us know!
I would quit if that were true!
Great day to write music! Working on the next album now...
Might hit the rec today. Spare no nigga
Do you donate airfare tix to charitable organizations? We would love to offer SouthWest tix as part of our Fall Fundraiser!
#follow to be an official MF'er. Im going to be!
We must adapt to changes and allow our work to reflect these changes in it's own right! www.leocortesstudios.com
haha! RT“: agreed wtf you'd think it came with an old woman to beat the laundry on a rock at the stream #dayum”
re rrvbc yes, I'm speaking. no one has asked me but I usually call it.. Oh no, not another hat! Social media 4 sm biz
I hope I did well on this test... :o
-.- yes. If Selena followed me
I actually like seeing those shots. I sometimes get a sense of the artist's workspace which is interesting.
-- most likely, even if its only one.....ok you know its coming...what's yours?
I had so much funn with and i loved the ustream it was so funny
#preswk12 activist archivists event at NYU happening now!
I know I know! I just had to try it!
Watching #Hoarders! EEk. So so so gross!
as a cowboy fan I hate to admit it but Reese is the man!
Thanks for the RT Colleen! Here's to you shining!
Very ironic that there's a Patron racing team commercial telling us to not drink and drive.
good and u ?
lol yeah i love her personality.
Charleston International Film Festival starts tomorrow night, Wed, April 11! "Perhaps Tomorrow" Sottile Theatre @ 5PMSat,April 14
Its drink a glass of water tuesday
Undefeated 4 years champss, let's go hawks ;)
What's a bounty hunter?!
cost of billboard
So sad I'm missing out on #SMCsea tonight!! :(
Those sound like a lot of fun, thanks!
awesome!! Thanks!
By the way, thanks to all the fake porn accounts for following. So cool of you...
the last thing I need is beauty product, but id say yes just to hang out:) btw ive never tried the liquid! We don't sell it:(
your icon and backround.A+++++ like always ;)
Working on a new client Mobile App that connects to the user's e-commerce shopping account for an online gift store...in time for Black Fri!
actual convo w/coworker: "an elephant. for your penis" me: "you mean underwear?" her: "yes!"
done and followed :)
I Hope That Dude Know He Looked A Hot Mess
#backinelementaryschool when everything was just EASY.
This girl said she recognized me from the vegetarian club, but I'd never met herbivore.
[ ]Single [ ]Taken [<U+2714>] Band Members
RT : Friday night the best party is at !! Mix live See you Tonight Miami !!!
What up, bro? Long time!
The Purple Peanut Armada returns to the Strand on Sept 17. Show starts at 8pm.
...and you are yet to realize your potential.
USD Threatens Bearish Channel- Index Eyes 9950 as Techs Point Higher
Great meeting you at #IHSMDC!
Today's a barbecue day.
Did you drink anything noteworthy there?
Is it shallow that I love "The September Issue?"Had the whole Bassai editorial saved to my harddrive without even knowing about this film...
Future goals include working for #SNL having my own comedy show; and being happy. I am almost there. I can feel it.
Happy International Waffle Day!!!! #waffle waffle!
what date is the projected Darvish and Wilson match up?
I want mine done
Your welcome luv RT : thank you!!! xo
I still love you! And you've beat me tons of times!
well I think I'll stop wearing iy
is that ludacris because e does look like Jordan?!:)
Hes fly. But why his girl look like that? YIKES
Just teared up after Rachel's performance. omg
When you realize that the beast is actually within each of you!
Steaming clothes like crazy for the photoshoot on Sun!
3 years ago today the #RedSox scored 12 runs in the 6th inning and beat the #Indians 13-3.
76 degrees out and loving it!
Happy hour going on until 7pm, $5 drinks & $5 appetizers!!! Karaoke Night starts @ 7pm hosted by comedian & DJ Reds!!!
Lunch today?
#dtc with Angela, anyone down??
Lupe Fiasco's song "All Black Everything" doesn't make any sense. If everything was black, no one would be able to see shit!
they wrote an article about you? "Three Franchise Industries to Watch in 2012" - my personal prediction danfran
there are so many cancer cures that are being slow walked by the FDA it is crazy
Wolverines making me nervous. Let's #GoBlue!!!! We need to rally right now!
is there an i love louis t-shirt there?xx
yo!what's good man idk if u remember me from west orange we hung at Juliens I'm up n NYC too! Respect 4 what your doing brotha!
hey! how long does shipping normally take? I'm patiently waiting for my shirt :)
See you soon!
If i could rewind time i would still have wanted to learn my lessons ive learned but in a different way
Rhianna California Kingbed. I like her when she sensitive and Vanurable
Is it too early to start listening to holiday music? With this weather I think not!
Who watched Stick and Move Dance Crew members dance last night on America's Got Talent? Represent!!!
whhy thank you (:
did the person who wrote this post on terrible clients use his real name? Is that normal in the design world?
And make them take home leftovers. MN Nice has a dark side, yeeeeaaaah!
If I wrote u a love letter wld u write back?
Space in between your eyebrows, #nobrainer RT : Thinking about getting a tattoo but can't decide what to have Calvin pee on.
how can i help
Leadership is understanding that to influence anyone's actions, you must first help them shift their perspective.
Man you are combative huh?
Hello tweet family! Hope you're having a blessed Saturday.
Book idea: airport novel that takes place entirely in an airport over 24 hours. Including all the boredom. How many pages would it be?
With the deed done (voting) at #lpco12 it's time to relax.
“: You looked so PRETTY ! & your dress is Gorgeous ! (:” thanks hun !
do you have any info on the reports of a person pulled from the water near the Key Bridge in Georgetown an hour ago???
#Dontactlikeyounever had a dream about someone and woke up hating them.
Money for nothing. And the chicks for free.
I love going to brewsters! #singing <3
A man should make all he can, and give all he can. - Nelson Rockefeller
I just left practice with
Silver Fork Best Breakfast winner, The Mission, is on #KUSI this morning cooking up some new soy dishes! Don't miss it! 9:40am!
Yup!:D
If you plan to vote for the guy who says he's going I shut DC down, that HAS been said -- by !!
My old facebook account got wiped out as it was connected to my email at work. I'm back on but not very motivated to build it back up.
On March 29, 2012, President Obama announced his intent to nominate Douglas M. Griffiths as the US Ambassador to the Republic of Mozambique.
Hey - are you aware that last night's #MadMen still isn't available on demand? So disappointing, yet again.
Who is the best foreign band you have ever heard?
screw mediocre burritos! EAT BURGERS!
is hilarious
looks like the schedules are down again.
Ready 2 go
In one week and I drove through eight states. And I'm not talking piddly Northeast states. These were rectangle states.
Cannot believe that finish in the Coca Cola 600 @ @
AT THE END OF THE 3RD QUARTER...SPURS STILL WINNING 73-61
safe travels my friend! Find the albino peacock for me! Get weird. See you in the forest.
#Atlantis countdown to resume ... #Nasa ...
Hi Lorena. Do you know where I can find a list of open union positions advocating for employees?
Ten days till at Galaxy CDs in Hamilton! Only $8 presale at or
Japan beats US 1-0 to advance to Algarve Cup final Megumi Takase scored on a header in the 84th minute, and world champion Japan beat the
meet me between b and c at 9:20 bitch
RT : FUN! all day planning our cowboy bordello steampunk party for #SXSW and our #openData gaming contest
I love the sound of early morning snow: the world is holding its breath, waiting for something wonderful to happen.
radio event in Lafayette, then relaxing for the rest of the day with da boss lady!
Congrats to The Good Wife team for finishing another amazing season.
I know it's wrong, but when Charlie Sheen dies, can we smoke him? He could be the cure for cancer:)
Fun times! I got to be a bride for a photo shoot - gorg dress! & Mariko Ballentine's class on Perception was extremly helpful on topic! :)
thinking about pynchon. cat hair on my black shoes.
Hahaha oh Alex.<3 "I'm about to strip down to my.. to my nothin."
Any recommendations for the best thrift store for furniture in #ROC?
#NeVer Hatin' NeVer Thirsty#
#ireallymiss the good times we used to have together
jk that would be uncalled for no but really.
uuh traffic (-.-) . . Good luck getting out of that :):)
Casa De Lara offers a diverse dining menu and an extensive selection of Mexican Beers and Famous Margaritas. www.dealoria.com
#Lawlorffs are awesome(; Haha i love how this is trending(:
Can't wait to hit up the movies Saturday
TONIGHT!! DreamWorld Music Complex & Score's Bar & Grill..Ow!
if you have any questions about this please go to help.ateamo.com and we can assist you.
I've always loved this track! “: Rediscovering why my favorite piece to date is "Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence"”
I kind am starting to feel like it's not the same
What are you reading my status for?Don't you have your own? Beside I don't like sharing! MOM Their looking at my status tell them to stop!!
Awesome! Can't be your first time, right?
What racist allegations MUST Obama disavow to satisfy you? Zimmerman is a racist per his conduct and words on the 911 tape!
sleepy time
awesome progress! I am in chapter twelve, but true confessions I only started today. We can make it!!
“: swaggn”You Know Me Bro!!!!
I hate that pompous smirk gives as he walks down those stairs onto the stage. He ain't all that.
you just owned me friend
And every single sentiment applies to mainstream America. *AND* I didn't see a single other headline on any other topic about black America
sorry didn't adopt leon. I hope he's back in Minnesota.
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
We set your campaign an e-mail about our Congressional Candidate Forum on May 3rd. Hope to hear back from you!
THE ARE NOT GOING OUT WITH 8 FLAVHAZ . they said it yesturday : )
#ShitIDontUnderstand why some females put shit load of makeup just to go jogging or to the gym...
I believe that was a tornado siren. I'm assuming to warn me to Tweet from the safety of my basement where I'm commonly found, Tweeting.
hows your day going molly?
Yes. It's up to date. I spoke to your manager over though email
Enjoy the rest of your run of The Color Purple. You all create a magical performance.
Stranded wiith Tams...
my exes name is Brendan who said it was David
JSYK stands for "just so you know." JSYK
hi i remember C:
Sowie guys! I ( ) apparently can't read a calender- NOT CLOSED TONITE. That's tomorrow. Mea culpa!
Jess! Long time no talk - how are things going?? We need to catch up!
My book On Track to the Kingdom is now available as an e-book so drop by amazon and download =)
I predict lobbying & legislating will be a bit sluggish tomorrow.
I had forgotten that Aziz Anzari plays the grocer who "won't sell an apple to a kiwi" on Flight of the Conchords
I love it! Thank you for sharing!
#VAWA passes US Senate, 68-31. Thank you to those who voted in favor of protecting victims of violence.
Fuck commitment let's just fuck like gorillas.
denisa said that u were getting divorced
Time for Reds fans to relax... Bad start, but only 2 wks in! We will pick it as will Latos (too damn good).. Leave alone...
Leaving today on a trip to London and will bring a copy of Test Drive Your Future with us for photo ops. Cheers!
#Actors - Jason Wood casting 14 roles for The Protector. Download Actsophia on your iPhone and use the Projects Casting feature for details.
Omg brianna is singing while we're standing in this hallway
when and where is the Jags NFL draft party?
Might as well enjoy the Breezy Life...!
“ Males shouldn't be jealous that's a female's trait..”
only 2 days til christmas yay :D merry christmas happy holidays everyone!!!! cant wait for #smackdown :D WWWYKI
Thanks for the retweet! See you on State Street in Madison today!
That being said, Grace Jones is awesome.
- Awesome! Honestly, is a favorite brewery of mine, I've had 17 of their brews, so far. Enjoy, cheers!
jammed room but looking forward to it
An #HISD student with "two dads" is chastising Rodriguez for "homophobic" campaign ad.
Uggh I feel that, sister!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 14
ZOMY, then there's the Internet, which is 15x faster than in Oz!
Check out WWW.GOGETTERENT.COM for Diva & GQ of the week!
I appreciate the retweet.
San Francisco giant fans don't know baseball...
So My Ex Still Likes Me & His Friend Likes Me... Hhhmmmm Too Bad U Had Ur Chance I'm Movin On Hunney!!! Maybe I'll Go Out With Ur Homie XD
Wine-induced emails are my favorite! Those tickets are calling your name...
Thanks for loving me but I can't love u back. Sorry:(
Happy Mother's Day to all of the Mothers; step-Mothers; Grandmothers and Great-grandmothers! Have a wonderful, joy filled day! XO
congratulations! Monkey clit's a new one for me. And as Mistress of the Vulgar, that's a FEAT, son!
dinner, wine and Ice cream!!! Woohoo!! It was a crazy sat for me :)
have a good one see u in a few weeks
Indians lead it over the A's 2-0 coming into the top of the 4th
lol man yeahh . had me lookin TOO dumb outside .
Karma is a bitch, well just make sure that bitch is beautiful <U+2728>
About time for some retail therapy action...
''ima tell little luis to come, then all the hoes will be there, he only got one dick.... the other girls are for me''
Twilight marathon- Yay! Bad back- Boo! I'll just call this day a wash.
RT : Worth mentioning: Google will actually THROW OUT releases with headlines too short or long.
Monday guys senior night
Will Chipper Jones be a Hall of Famer
soup? no x
samesies. They're drinks are okay...but I wouldn't consider it a destination spot.
Red Bull gives you wings. . . Fuck that Pills give you wings to your own world.
2 years ago,you wore a shirt and it said I<3JB.they said "you like the Jonas brothers?Now u wear that shirt.they say"u like Justin Bieber!?"
Texting the most amazing person in the world
True love = spouse who comes home to work the afternoon so I didn't have to drag all the kids to the dr for the sick one's appt!
I am gonna be so mad next year of we don't have any classes together
They couldn't pick different colors to play with so they stole the Spurs. Yeah that's very creative! SMH
i just wanna go home is that so bad
Congrats Rick Hendrick on 200 wins!
no I haven't
Use screen options to reduce the clutter in the post interface.
First day of school wasn't that bad . :)
lol nno you me logan kendall an james can go to the bahamas for a vacation
Studio upgrades, several on going projects and new music. You bring out the best in me. Thanks
still cute even with my beautiful eyes closed.
Studio mixes, dance rehearsal, scheduling meetings... all in a days work!
Write tiny Twitter poems! As @ replies. It can be your next chapbook.
“: My hair is way too thick for my own good<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> #needahaircut”
any bloggers wanna trade links???
he won't give it up freakin prud
#NOH8 is right. I may prance & giggle, but I don't f*ck around. ;-)
k. I gotta go flat iron the fuck out of my hair for work.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
This is my idea of lovely weather
Not going to lie, I'm definitely not soft when I watch Derrick Rose play
thanks for the follow, hope you'll check out our site and join our mailing list!
pretty much agree with these except CFB Live. That's laughable. Also, ATH is not in First Take's league relevancy-wise
oh it's no problem! I was just upset about it in the moment. It's hard to find parking at 8 30am. Thanks though I appreciate it!
you will do fine on the mcas just eat before u take it
Why are there still artists who don't have websites?
Love you all Good Nite!. Schooooooolllll tomorrow 4 me:-) :-)
Our pleasure. Thank you for all you do in our community!
One of the biggest drivers of romantic attraction is the element of uncertainty.
THAT. WAS. AWESOME!
FOLLOW ME!<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
check my man out
Grounded for the week for skipping class, fuuuuuuuuuck
RT : #NoKidHungry Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley has pledged to make his state the first to end childhood hunger.
Ah the hot guys from Teen Wolf are in the crowd at ABDC!
I would be pretty stoked out of my mind. but its okay, dont worry about it!
I loved Cabin. It didn't scare me, but it was so funny and certain scenes definitely made me jump.
Lmfaooo omg i cant help it . he loves me too <3
: #1761. You shouldn't have to tell people you're going hard at the gym. If you are, people will be able to tell.
this just keeps gettin worse my finger broke the tv brok and im gettiin more and more pissed!!! Ah!!!!
That's Cool (:
The Avengers was simply amazing
Thanks, of what?
Thanks to all making abuzz with Christmas busy-ness!
Still collecting the most creative Headcheese recipes! Email for the chance to win free product.
hope solo - pay attention. that was a soft goal :( now tied 1-1
"I sailed my ship of safety til I sank it."
were amazing as always!
CHILDREN ARE NEVER ALLOWED IN FAMILY COURT DURING A DIVORCE ONLY IN VERY RARE CASES. NATIONWIDE COURTS FIND IT IS NOT IN THEIR BEST INTEREST
Nobody cares anymore.
Thanks for the follow Felecia! We seem to share a similar philosophy regarding our products!
Had a good night of practice. Routine = achieved.
Painting sets in the sunlight all afternoon...
#sloancres What strategies are non-programmers using to create sims/games? Hiring programmers to work with the educators? Something else?
Game got sicker.. Now it's just badeucey/badacey with a mandatory 1000 straddle.
nah his last name is Bryant
If there's ever an agreement for a global 'Emmy,' (Al Jazeera English) wins for Libya coverage. And more. AJ's too.
Nope. I want a cat.
Okay guys I'm showing up to church in last nights outfit and smelling of beer >.< this is why I'm going to hell
So Please Follow Me.
After all you and I both know experiences also teach children. Tweet me anytime. Tweet! Tweet!
Where's the best florist in Seattle?
wow that's awesome
If there's nothin' missin' in my life, then why do these tears come at night?
#drunkentweets are on!!!
RT and mob murdering coachella as we speak.
I see "public scholarship" as a little less loaded than "public intellectual"--not an identity but a set of provisional acts.
Only as many as I could try when I was there in Apr. I was partial to "my" corner bakery on Rue de Mezieres & Rennes in 6th Arr
you so got it right on the spot!
"We be All Around the World"
“: "Progress always involves risks. You can't steal second base and keep your foot on first." [love that ]
Hopefully everything lines up and I kill it at bowling.
At the store buckle and there playing you me at six<3
Happy Opening Day! Giants defending the Crown
WHO IS KHLEO TOMAS?
I know but I can't wait till he does bec then I sware on all of us mahomies that I will go to his concert AND HIS MEET AND GREET
“: my mom does the best laundry”
The average woman's handbag weighs between 3 and 5 pounds
Don't worry, they really don't. ;-)
So excited! My oldest son & his gf will be here from Seattle for a week in June! I have not met Nicole yet. Celebrating my bday 6/13.
We have espresso from Blue Bottle in SF, courtesy of , in 307.
As you should be on such an occasion.
Ok #Ohio basketball..I see you.
FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW BACK RELAX YOU WILL GET LOVEN RETURN ITS WHAT I DO
lunch sounds great. Let me know when your free after we hand in our hefty portfolios :)
Happy New Year! Wishing you a gorgeous year!
Thank you to all the activist across California for making ACLU of CA lobby day such a success!
Now that's not very nice. Remember, WWJD?
is sick....... my throat is killing me.
At a charity function. The music is corny.
we need to link on this music isshhh...
happy new year to you
What's up with these torn ACLs in the NFL, NBA, MLB... Can't something be done to strengthen it, so it won't tear so easily!?
is sounding awesome, as always.
i really hate daylight savings time :(
Anyone know of any good biographical resources on Herbert Kegel?
RIP Ryan Dunn u will be miss and even though we can't c u you will always be here with us miss you and love u
Highlighting and note taking in iBooks 2 forwards to automatic study cards? I think "Boom goes the dynamite" is relevant here.
I hate every episode with tree trunks. I just can't stand this damn character. Singular complaint.
Pens v bue jackets at 1. $2 miller lite bottles during the game. $2 ic light bottles all day long
Laugh my butt off sounds Moree like ME :*)
guess the song: i took her out it was a friday night i went alone got the feeling right
vote going in :)
What happened?
Let us give Nature a chance; she knows her business better than we do. ~ Michel De Montaigne
Something in PR or social media... Are you graduating this spring?
its actually kinda scary being sick and having an obstructed airway
Not mentally focused at all. Really had to force myself to run, but managed to do more and go faster. Does it get easier? I hope not.
Do asian balla$ say cha ching
hate this, feeling.
While on vacation last week I made a facebook page for my side work: follow me at Amanda Davidson Photography!
RE: your tweets about FB, it is only a matter of time before marketing moves into a space and then real conversation gets hard
I just got a job offer dependent on a background check. Hopefully, I will hear back soon.
not sure if I told you, but I sold you your engagement ring. :)
Building my Accounting Business...so if you need or know someone who needs a good Accounting Manager, please contact me.
M M M. Shaking my head.
very true. Sounds as of Hammel will miss DL. So essentially down to Eveland and Hunter.
Ladies of San Diego! Check out INTIMACY in Fashion Valley get ur bras fitted CORRECTLY! It's an upgrade u don't have to pay for! Go grls
I'm sick of being fat too... Just a
Cause we are, the same. You save me. When you leave, its gone again.
ill see lol :) so anyways wat you doing?
U think u know when all said and done u dont know anything. not holding back anymore. Be me and dont like it move on.
what's a meat robot?
North coast is on the Bye-bye California list, but the weather is getting crappy fast!
T in full effect! Where's ?!?
still to come: HELL IN A CELL
Rooney you big girl. Same old manc scum always cheating!
hahaha nice! which game are you watchin?
Happy Friday to you too! Be Blessed!
Really need a new phone.
Thanks to all of you on Twitter who retweeted us and mentioned us yesterday.
Don't dictate to your stds - ask them HOW they would like to approach the assignment to make it more exciting/meaningful ... for THEM
Had a great Punkte rehearsal. Time to pack the gear for gig @ Gallery 119 in Lowell.
and my car just went to the shitter. awesome.
Tired of those whack ass beats made from an iphone app -Check out for some real shit - That beat you need for your hit single!
"No women, No cry" - Bob Marley!
News flash on Palin. She's a poll obsessed politician who is concerned about her image. Seriously Today Show?! This is breaking news?!!
QR Code Scanning is Exploding: Scans of QR codes have jumped by 80.2% in the U.S. from just the first quarter of 2011 to the second quarter.
The christmas tree is a holdover from ancient pagan times.
we don't have a TV in our clinic :( Country tunes and manual therapy! :)
Every person is a masterpiece.
The SpankSox come out and bid $14 on Perkins. The Cool Dudes (KidMikey) bid $7 trying to handcuff Nathan and Capps already on his roster.
you have that smile that only heaven can make...
Haberman said minimum price?
Only BLACK people put the kool-aid pitcher back in the refrigerator EMPTY!
Reminds me of a Curb Your Enthusiasm episode. Fortunately for you, not exactly the same thing.
I don't think y'all know how expensive shit is in LA. You gotta have a dating budget in your monthly ledger right next to rent and gas lol.
Listening to stories of Black Women in the Boston media at Simmons College... a great way to celebrate Women's "Herstory" month.
Love you Luvs and Hug your Huggies!
Ha! That's great news. They're a loyal bunch that's for sure. Potential new followers, too!
catching up on episodes. has yours aired yet?
finally the video production is done, and looks great, soon will tell where to go to see it
I would love to cover the beatles... But I could NEVER, I would never do them justice hahah!
Someday you'll miss me like I missed you. Someday you'll need me like I needed you. Someday you'll love me and I won't love you.
2011 #Sundance Film Festival Announces Films in Competition....
A social customer is just a customer, but they know how to leverage the scale and connectivity of social media"
where there is a will there is a way i can't be stopped when i am focused a task
Wow, congrats! Are you still at BBY? I'm doing well, reporting on higher education in New Mexico. Not too shabby.
Why dont his friends tell him he looks stupid af!?
Art buying gets more democratic - Reuters
I opened up myself to the girl I love. . . & instead it broke my heart </3
First win for The Help - Octavia Spencer. Yes.
My ojek verry ugly, crazy, and stupid >:o
The Lakers just ate the Nuggets for dinner!
Ashburn Alley! RT : Get ready for behind-the-scenes content all year. First stop What should I go see? #OpeningDay”
Might be too late but want to support NWF
#imagine Austin:No matter what happens i will always love & dont ever forget that<U+2665> You:I wont *kisses him gently* Both:*smiles* -anna
I just call Best Buy Geek Squad and say 'Help' :-)
CONGRATS BLAKE FANS
Today's lecture is on wisk ferns. It promises to be a
216, row K. I couldn't get anything until 8 minutes after trying. And that's what I got. Poop. Oh well. At least I got in.
I see your genitalia, and I raise you DILDO DILDO DILDO
GURL YOU GOTTA COME TO CAMP
I put on for my city
#IWantToBe someone who consistently is consistent in being a man who leads by example not by words. Bring it 2012!
I'm not sure. So many kids get vaccinated and nothing happens to them. But I don't think we should dismiss it.
I am too dude haha you're not alone!
FREE BASEBALL
Soul touchdown by Tiger Jones. 63-47 Philadelphia with 1 minute left in the game
atleast there is some sort of snow excavation unlike #mke :/
we hope it's a big success! Thanks 4 including
Funny...shows you what I know...and don't knoew!
Good Night;-)
let me know if we can set something up for you and your friends.
Called the score and a goal scorer before the match started...bought lottery tix today...
safe travels! Have a great semester!
Sure does! :) Happy weekend.
#ADMERICA Come to Joe's Crab Shack Friday 3-6pm free music, food, social and Hispanic Marketing.
what bitch u talking about dont b fighting in school
haha thanks girl!
I hate you!
Gettin ready to head out to hartford for warped tour with Beware of Pedestrians!!
A warm bed and The Paris Review.
It wasn't pron. It said "I make good babies."
Health Tips: your sugar addiction will shorten and lower your quality of life.
I love Anthropology.
Just had the most amazing jam session that I've had at Berklee so far...
Can someone be the Will to ny Grace in New York across the hall from me in our fab apartments?
was hypnolarious! So much better than no strings attached.
Didn't see him today :P Main reason today sucked :\
Greg Livadas () just came through the department with a big bag of tacos from the newly-opened Mighty Taco to share.
Thanks 4 following! :-)
I really liked the chicken quesadillas thanks for sponsoring our event at the
#FF thanks for the love today!!
Ed Liddy was an incompetent idiot and puppert of Paulson's. I want to extract all of my money from their personal wealth. Lawsuit time
so George W Bush in no way supported the agenda George HW Bush who in no way supported agenda of Prescott Bush?
thanks Ben! I'll definitely take you up on it
musicians workshop! “: RT #BMITip 64: Learn the ins and outs of BMI’s royalty system. << we need help with this”
Hit 40 hours 2 hours into tomorrows shift, man OT work is its own 5 hour energy, you feel rejuvenated.
Stop by Firehook Bakery of Columbia Square for a great pastry!
Last rumor was that I'm a lesbian. Now it's that I'm pregnant. Good God, can't a 17 year old be a virgin for once?
appreciate the RT. We're looking forward to following along with all your #socialmedia this season!
I will take your #TwitterCard if you use the HashTag symbol on facebook!!!!!
Chocolate coupling is a continuum! Down with dichotomy! I can have it all!
Getting Laura ready for ballet at , can't wait!
Just scheduled an appointment with online. Love that I can schedule when I think of it, which is inevitably late at night.
yeah. If you don't miss classes you can do it. Plus it's always a 2 part exam.
May your blessings outnumber The shamrocks that grow, And may trouble avoid you Wherever you go. ~Irish blessing
watched 1 episode and never got into it but since you asked so nicely I'll DVR the season premier. So sad spartacus is over #:(
I'm Glad u like the janet badges and thank u!!! <3
she's not one of us anymore
you know them ALL.
im dead! But i made bankroll!
Smart talks yesterday by and on new publication models, and then Toril Moi on ordinary language! great week, UVa
How to Avoid Facebook Group Disasters With Facebook reaching the 900 million mark, there should be no surprise that it is a terrific tool
Transition: I move forward through change. While change is inevitable, my response or reaction to change is up to me.
A person's success in life can usually be measured by the number of uncomfortable conversations he is willing to have!!!!
I too noticed that Dominic Chianese aka Uncle Jun also played Johnny Ola when Godfather 2 aired yesterday.
Super jealous of all my friends whom are London bound for the first ever Sundance London. Good luck
Just downloaded Odd Renditions from Can't wait to hear it.
My 14yo son is in awe of how fast you can talk without messing up. Lol.
I texted you!
House show. Right now. 10585 E Sky High Drive. Tucson, AZ. 85730. Get down here right meow!! -JChuck
Merry Christmas from all of us at Premier Lighting!
Hair of the Freixenet that bit me
Shout out to , , for a night of excitement, drama and waiting...and waiting....
Well, it wasn't like I had hoped to see today, but a nice vietnamese man sang to me as I got my nails done today...
T1 - what's the potential upside vs potential downside? I see more possible problems than improvements for patients.
OMG 3 minutes:O
pure bathing culture vinyl is going to seduce the crap out of the ladies
Also, how are you getting presents on your dad's birthday? :)
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet
I heard from many that your interview at South Point was the best of all jockeys. Do you plan to come back to SP in 2012?
Well, life is too short, so love the one you got 'Cause you might get run over or you might get shot
making my grand return to Twitter. Hide your daughters...especially if they're flatchested and ugly...
Love JHam. SO MUCH. RT : It's now 18 HRs for Hamilton to 19 for the Cubs after today's game. Unreal
Baltimore is beautiful! What are we waiting for?
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 22
Needed: Volunteer Reading Coaches to assist adult students working toward their GEDs and Highschool Diplomas. Call for more info 275-4036
rt “: Wis. elections board to ask judge to set recall elections on May 8, June 5
Spending relaxing day before heading home. Can't help but think of interactive timelinee using Kinect though
Should I be taking all these songs about margaritas as a hint?
Hot flash !
Does anyone know the names of the regional commanders of the 4 branches, the commanders that cover Cali?
you will soon! If you keep an eye out, you will see some luvella tunes coming your way in the near future!
Now that I've been learning Spanish I have one observation. The chorus of La Bamba doesn't make any fucking sense.
Sweaty Knee pits! EWWWWWW
hey sexiii im like in love with yue and yuhr my idol dude like really:)
For as long as people massacre animals, they will kill each other.
Wow, nice Hampton University jacket in that pic!
Found the state game from last night on tv.
glad you enjoyed the article!
Wheres the art? The fashion? The endurance?! The passion for the camera?!
Ben askren has 2 work on his GnP its very weak his wrestling and bjj defense is very solid if he can strenthen his Gnp up he can Finish More
say word
Yes, I am now the Mayor of Yes, y'alls be hatin'.
south Tucson! What up Happy Iguana!!
Get to go out to eat
hey ! Thanks !
no problem! I'm a survivor myself. Dr Ginder is my ONC!
Doing my #CrossFit Level 1 Certification this weekend!! EEK!!
Agreed, employees are participating with or without firm. How we can encourage more to join in?
RT ElfriedeOkken As soon as I got my money we'll go wherever you like.
Have a great weekend and come back soon!
thank you! and yes, that binder was enormous!
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear Found Guilty
Gettn these brats out on set so they can be silenced.
y'all stop smoking bogies and tweeting and come order breakfast!!!
dang. literally like everyone smokes weed or some other thing...
I would've gotten tickets to that show if I would've known you guys were going WWWOOOOWWWW
Milk does a body good but I do your body better lol
We're looking forward to the Perform Better Functional Training Summit in Chicago this weekend!
#AskPSanders whats your favorite state/city besides Chicago?5
Writing the most important presentation of my life with a head cold. Dissertation defense in t-minus 6 days.
bold. nbut really, o downside though...
oh lord...and I thought regular old fetuses in ultrasounds were bad.
As temperatures rise above 110 today make sure you are keeping cool. Check with & for safety tips!
A woman of 35 thinks of having children. What does a man of 35 think of? Dating children.
brushing up on xml/xsl. woo-hoo!
Getting interested in Firefox again. Chrome seems to be getting too snoopy. Looking fwd to FX 7.
Is it weird that I'm at half mast because I just went grocery shopping and a full fridge gets me off?
dang it's 11:36 here
Do you know what Miami Beach hotel, which opened in 1929, was the first to cater to the local Jewish community?
I want to buy that its just rite for me
The Chalumeau (chah-LOO-moe) instrument is a single-reed wind instrument that was fashionable in urban society, around the 1700's....
remembers it wrong. He always told corn to put him on the same team as me cause he was scared to face me everybody
can you believe she's loosing to justin beiber? but she's on the lead on the other nomination !!:)
Mine is belief in "positive intentionality".
Deal. I'll be waiting. Bahahaah.
that bitch apparently has until midnight now. she knew closing was today like 3 months ago. I think I hate her.
Cold air holds less moisture, thus drying out our skin. Apply moisturizers WHILE WET, before towelling off. Use an AHA sometime after shower
...and stupid me just stopped and stood there staring at him while they passed by -.-
cleaning and laundry today.
ABDC is live this year. Wtf
Haha I'm watching too! So bizarre!
We filled it out!! We wish you all nothing but the best of luck!! You guys ROCK!
oh ok
FOLLOW PLEASE AND ME FOLLOW YOU
LONG NIGHT...but telling myself...This is the day the Lord has made, I WILL rejoice & be glad!!!!
"Cashing Out" and "Same Damn Time" both premiered today on 106. is WORKING.
Time to heat up some pizza & iron some clothes...doesnt seam to match eh.lol.<Funny...lmao... Hope you can watch MR PHELPS...
great day: wrote a new tune, classes, nap, and rehearsal. Not to mention it's a great day to be outdoors
Want to burn a quick 100 calories? Do 40 jumping jack, 30 crunches, 20 squats, & 10 push-ups! That wasn't so hard, was it? ; )
On my way to detroit. I need a few beers!
That's a big career change.
It says"We Stand With The TAXPAYERS It's Time to Cut Spending and Balance the Budget"... Sorry for the late reply.
Looking forward to hiking and surfing in #NoCal next week: #pointreyes, #bigsur, #monterey,
what do you want to do as career? (:
wait are u i am lost
well I really liled Tje Avengers a lot! Dark Shadows actually bored me in the plot and the characters...
sorry, just found it!
Was gonna read the news on #mayday but was distracted by the promoted story about and the #smiths... the commies can wait!
#icr12 glad to have found the hashtag thanks to whoever put it up on the screen at the Y
Love the pod, wife Nikki is so cool, and I like that you can tell when you're listening to Hello Dummy, "Anyway..."
Sucks....one of my fav agents are a bit behind on their game. Recvd CB times for TODAY 1-hr ago. Talent, Mgr, and CD not too happy! :(
#FF She's one to watch #writers #readers xo
haha no wonder you head's sore this morning, babe.
we gon beat dem' * invisible *
made some corned beef. ready to dig in
lol I don't have an iphone
Don't know about that. It wouldn't be Skip Take opps I mean 1st Take anymore. lol
kinda scared
is San Diego State football only?
theater presents SAB&#39;s the beauty of ballet Sunday March 18 at 2pm. will be there.
If she were I would love to be there LOL.
Looking to start recording some new tracks this week. Can't wait to get it going!
Hoes before bros.
RT : RT : I'm okay with teachers not using technology. I'm not okay with teachers being unwilling to learn, to...
I hate eating out and afterwards seeing a score of 71 on their health inspection with 3 critical violations. #Yuck!
Less than 8 hours til things get underway for Baltimore's first HF-Twestival!!!
yes, the pot was $4.50! I was iut if the money :-(
Todays is the last day of the youth ambassadors program :(
wisconsin cheese soup. amazzing.
going from work directly to airport / I though got attending?
Um I've lost count... We will just say that you guys recycled a lot of items this week. :)
Yay!!! Love Happy she's speaking at
I'm in the process of learning.
bummer! You will be missed!
I think I blew at least one but overall it needs a bit more bass anyway.
That's what I'm saying. Think it would be cool for trips/vacations, though. Or if Megan Fox wore one in the shower.
This made me realize that Alyssa, is the only girl I need & ever will.
Wow, our iPad 2 giveaway is going crazy - hurry if you haven't entered yet cause time is running out
Chris Paul looks at VDN calling a play like I look at my dog after he's a shit on the rug.
thanks for following David
Psalm 48:14 NIV For this God is our God for ever and ever; he will be our guide even to the end.
I Ain't A Whore I Just Got A Lot To Give...From My Vagina...Bitch Please You Da Definition Of A Whore.!
Go for it!
This conference better start now! I'm not walking in that rain
Doors open in an hour with all your favorite Happy Hour Specials & friendly faces. Cheers to the weekend! #ThursdayCountsRight???
#WorstRapLineEver wake up in the mornin' eat that pussy like cold pizza.
Longworth on result of Internet and cable: "It's no longer a national economy, it's a global economy."
I know the ppl of dallas need therapy
Daily doses of self-discipline make a leader's life-lessons less likely. #LeadChange RT
As Temple gets ready for spring semester, check out our Study Away Programs website for brochures & applications! Deadlines Feb.15th&March 1
hey hey Missy get off your iPod and have fun in activity block!(:
pumped for and to arrive at fantasy land! gonna be a good week
Can I ask why you blocked me on my personal twitter?
Jazz in the Park tonight, hopefully no rain but either way The Belmont will be serving up some great cocktails all night long!
after 20 hours of trance, it came to me.
spam is like the cockroach of the internet - provides no purpose, but it was here before it started, and will be the last man standing.
whaaattt. Ahah which one? I freaking love almost all of them lol
nabbed the 1st win 108-92. 15th consecutive win. Free Valero coffee tomorrow. Yep, it's a good night.
thanks for meeting fans in Chicago! I wasn't in front, so I couldn't talk to you, but it was nice of you to brave the cold for us;)
that was random
Just listened to your talk in Wichita. Excellent! One of the best articulated on the subject I've heard yet.
Yay! It's finally the weekend! Loved sleeping in this morning! <3
2pac on pandora...I miss the good stuff.
so true...but he would love the fact that I'm not wearing any socks. Am I right ?
Grinding up branches with a chipper is surprisingly fun.
Like.. on some real shit. Remember.. 'The World Begins With You'.
god i cried so much reading this book and watching the movie. she was so great!
The truth must be told aggressively just 2 distinguished reality & fantasies what's understood ain't gotta be explained 2 the core.
Up to $500 worth of federal tax credits for home energy efficiency improvements are set to expire Dec. 31
Yay!! We found the crab before death did! It was hiding (of course) in Devani's room, nestled in some costume foam!
you, too. I should've been taking notes!
check it out
If Grace is an Ocean... We Are All Sinking!!! Love this line
Does anyone no of a spanish speaking eviction attorney that works in San Diego & the southbay San Diego?
Dang! These mosquitoes must think I'm delicious .
He probably doesn't even NOTICE me *cough cough*
Proverbs 16:28 28 A dishonest man spreads strife,and a whisperer separates close friends.
I like cupcakes!
LOL when kids in my school NOW start liking austin & alex, lol likee no.
oh, that wasn't a reference to please look after mom. i'm still reading that one. i was writing something.
Children's minister Tim Loughton on adoption league tables - BBC News
Head still hurting
I know that you're not Mo, but I have confident in your ability to become a closer I hope you'll be successful at it
drinks and food tonight idk where....but....somewhere! let me know or if you wanna join us!
First soccer game with BrownChickenBrownCow tonight!
Join The SolarWinds Team! Online Program Manager: bit.ly/wa2LSV Austin, TX - Have fun & Get Paid!
#CincoDeMayo is primarily a US holiday. As long as it involves celebrating, big hats, and checking in at , #Belly's on board
Celebrating Bike To Kosher Vegetarian Restaurant For Lunch Day with Sam Hillborne.
I'm hoping it's up with all chapters in the next few weeks, I think they are just going through a tech review! Thanks again!
Got my box of popchips! Thank you so much for sending them-they are DELICIOUS and I love 'em! Popchips rock!
NF follow me back so we can place hott track to some singers!
30k now. 3x average. Nothing fancy just taking some I deserve and some I don't.
You're just as fake as a barbie. Too bad your looks don't make up for it HAHA.. true :D
The top speed traps in San Diego tonight at 5:45.
She's a RAMBLING lunatic.
Join us for our newly added kickboxing class today New clients: 1 week free of unlimited group classes. $79 monthly.
Yoga. Definitely. You have to ask yourself, "how would Jesus work out?"
Day 2 of jury duty...who will be chosen? Who will be sent home? tune in at 2
im hungry
103 in Dallas today! RT Goodbye August & Hello September! Hope cooler weather.. We have a high of 104 today at HQ in Waco, TX.
Taking my fat butt to the gym. What was I thinking taking a month off?
At Auburn Fest!!
Also, keep checking your UK email for reminders & answers. The link to team member evaluations goes out at noon today.
Are you thinking about going on Dancing with the Stars? I think you would enjoy that Home Girl.
I don't feel good at all.
Organizing & clearing out old stuff, it's like writing a book--feels so much better after it's done! New bedroom design by
Stop hanging out with so much. You have an inflated sense of your capabilities.
I'm sick of it though
Holy Nick Young
THIS WILL SOLVE EVERYTHING RT : The Pirates have acquired 1B/3B Jeff Larish for cash considerations.
Sign up for Gardening class on August 27th on the patio...snacks, drinks and knowledge!! More info at www.pleasantfarmschicago.com
Lady GaGa is just a mini Madona.
so i heard my brother had a seizure last night. wat happened?
Think Peyton Manning will be up for throwing out the first pitch on opening day?
When you tell me what I want to hear and give me the best sex I've ever had
definitely hot!
Up trying to watch this game like I don't have to be up at 5 for work in the morning
"I'll Have Another" from PP# 19 takes #Derby ! Wow. Great Race. Next up
lmfao i really do. and by the time we get to school im still not ready. ohwellll
I'd be delighted - let me know what to do!
omg I am Struggling!!!! Coffee all day since sleep isn't an option! Ha
she hasn't followed me yet (: hahaha .
Have fun with the gridlock guys. NYC will be a zoo today.
I'm so hype for #Ravens game Can't wait to see battle #Patriots 60 min From Indy CAW
Haha, alot of people don't (: I love you beef!
a little bit of "Mara" here I am
leeeego what you got for me
U seem cranky. I know, come over, I'll play u some Duncan shiek songs on my axe and we can reminisce on Paula Cole, sound cool?
In NYC I would just appreciate it as a miracle!
You know it! So much fun! Always great spending time with you!
We thank our partners and sponsors who have made this Ride possible.
Rachel Video Tip: to get a AZ divorce, either you or your spouse must have resided here 90 days prior to filing.
Hey Drew, can you tell me where I can find the postgame podcast from UK-LSU game at SEC tourney? Its not up on site yet.
Starting to crave sushi :(
Been taking this for almost 20 years can tell when I don't take it for long periods really helps in many ways.
Chloe Moretz: so annoying.
From your lips to God's ears.
IPhone just flew out of my car, thank goodness I have a sturdy case
So, that was the scariest thing thats ever happened to me..
u got ur report card?
#GETAUSTIN2PHILLY C'MON GUISE DON'T GIVE UP. LETS GIVE WHAT HE DESERVES. HE DOES EVERYTHING FOR US
Man at the carwash told me I'm the kind of girl that's too hot to be loved..."lusted but not loved." What the hell does that mean??
So proud of our Civic Engagement volunteers! These seniors are making great strides to improve our community & their well-being.
I'm tired. GoodNight, my lovelys.<3
Birth parents stalking adopted kids on Facebook - ParentDish UK
man wateva. I tried to hang with yu but yu was out n abt.
Glendale scores to go up 9-16
i sincerely hate having to bite my tongue sometimes, the amount of emotional damage i could do is unbelievable
so true. And I love that S.I. schedule! Disappointed when I don't get one in the mail- great for the wallet.
It's funny because nobody likes you
Laughing at the loser behind me. c:
10 dolla's and I'm listening to that function song we heard n berkeley haha. Its an e-40 song, and I still feel stupid haha
Sitting in the dark with
unfortunately can't drink beer but I loved all the food... Pumpkin bruschetta especially. Sorry we missed eachother!
good morning :)
Steak and biscuits with eggs for breakfast!! yumm:) and yes i am cooking!!
No clutch hitting. Zilch. “: Pitching settles down, offense remains AWOL. Your 2012 Milwaukee Bi-Polars.”
Most of us have more potential than we will ever develop.
well iPhone in 1 hand and propping my head up with the other. I'm climbing aboard the sleepy train soon
Have you been stopped for an autograph as MC Small Pussy yet?
"Yes Brother"...as the Beatles said in song "all we need is Love..."
Thinks it's gonna be a 90s rock kind of day... what are you listening to?
any cornfish is a great idea in my book.
Graduation season is right around the corner. Contact us today to book your graduation party and ask about our Sunday afternoon discounts!
Except we're technically supposed to already own them; like if they were the workers' tools until one day they weren't anymore?
Because with the Weight Watchers PointPlus program Calories are no longer the primary factor in evaluating point values
whats good N.O. can you do a freestyle of Black Vodka its classic material would love to hear you on it
What does open heart surgery have to do with winning survivor?
Woo! I got my Tommy Lee shirt today! <U+2665> <U+263A>
712 members & counting...
You're welcome!
Game this morning
I did go running lol, ima ice it later
No spoilers here, but Goth Britta made me go back in time and start puberty all over again.
Re-followed most of my metaverse peeps from other account + added a few. New blog will be done soon. New projects taking shape...
Thanks for the great post. Hope to meet you there tonight if you can make it.
101 in vegas today off to Suncoast for lunch
...rely on them. However, they operate in a market economy. Budget cuts or new marketing models could quickly destroy ...
I swear all normal diet coke tastes like it has vodka in it now
These bitch niggas Nuri and william need to hurry their asses up. Like fr fr
Um, this always happens. I think it's possibly scientific. We should do a study on this, with government grant money.
see you at the boom boom room!! Moisture:)
Right. So if you're from the states, go preorder 's album, "+", on iTunes. It's only $9.99, so how could you not?!
Download Celtx (check), mug of decaf (check), writing done (minus).
Well put. My exact sentiments.
better yet who show is going to b more interesting and entertaining ,,huummm only time will tell
We brought peeps to workshop yesterday, so... bunnies yes.
RedLip sticks are not for everyone, i wish some females would relize dat alreadyy. .
RIP Maurice Sendak!
win the gift card from just follow and retweet, one lucky follower will be chosen on the 21st...
#Obama nominates Paterson native and current federal magistrate Michael Shipp to be US District judge.
thanks for the RT!
Love first-time homebuyers in Ft. Lauderdale on 'House Hunters' whining about white kitchens & 400,000 budgets.
Watching Breakfast at Tiffany's.
wait... When is your birthday??
Don't make fun of me waddling across campus today!
Gaining followers everyday! LOVE YOU GUYS<3333
Time to try Cinelerra.
mamaliz is better cause the other one is too long ;b
Time to accept more help - identify people whom you trust and who trust you, and share your Life Plan with that inner circle.
Hi to you as well! Hope you enjoyed your afternoon session!
i love my followers no homo n i hope they all get cheese like Digorno theres something that my followers dont know i got lot of love for em
way true I'm afraid...
hope you guys have fun!
this laptop is burning my leg, but im too lazy to actually move it...
haha he was right...i played black ops again and it sucked ass!!! or maybe i just suck ahaha idk >:D
It's the little things in life.
$15 for a Ticket to Fun and Laughter at the Crown Comedy Jam ($50 value)
#S407 in Issaquah great session on grad education in Spanish. Come if u r awake.
Sunglasses Hut Credit Card
I ended up unsubbing from notifications, because leaving probably would have caused Family Drama. Wish I had a better option.
Went through A's backpack - they sent certain things home that they no longer need for school. Only 12 school days left! Yes, I teared up.
"Birth in the Age of AIDS" with Dr. Cecilia Van Hollen today, 3-4:30 PM, 3600 N St
#LOVE HAS A HOLD ON ME
I was going to take a shower before work but i decided to just go on a walk instead
I really hate cinch sacks.
Afrojack "Take Over Control" came on my Pandora today. My thoughts immediately went to you ripping the dance floor apart.
Looking for recently-arrived Pakistani immigrants in Pennsylvania for a story I am reporting. Please let me know if you know of anyone...
Hey, -- working up a story on your Broadway album. Have time for three Twitter questions?
Wow the refs hate the steelers... Absolute bullshit. Did u see that call?
RT : they'll be there soon enough...they just hit 100 million users & expect way more in 2012
Hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed working on it (so much)!
00031 Sat 12nov11 . Clock in 0815a . no broadcast . work on "an American storage company" piece
Never burn your bridges, there is no telling when you may have to try and cross the same bridge again.
like no joke hahaha why cant i meet his sexyy ass lolol xD
Yikes! I'll pray for you my man haha.
awesome pics of fans. Now I am even more bummed I missed that game. I'm ready for the new season NOW.
Browne's pt is key to me because it can be terrifying to introduce new technologies to students! But worth it.
Apparently my relatives think that Rise of the Planet of the Apes and Zookeeper are good movies. God I want to get away from these people.
Braun and Ramirez both hits balls to the track but not quite enough oompf. Heading to the 7th ... score remains 0-0.
When time and things feel like they're moving in a forward motion, it's always a good feeling!
#MoodyMagic RT : BASEBALL FINAL: Moody 4, Flour Bluff 1. Moody advances to region semifinals.
I especially enjoy being the last one to leave a theater. It's the simple things in life, folks.
Same here RT Am I the only one who's not downloaded Draw Something? I cant draw to save my life.
um I'm mad at u right now!
bitch, it's not like you're gonna do anything anyways
SpeedReels finally got our cute lil' logo up and rockin... we be lookin' good now!
TY to Julian Zugazagoitia, Director and CEO, Nelson Atkins Museum in #KC for spking at our mtg today.
wow, bye.
Very sour after an intence #MuayThai training at Thank you Joe Cantrell!
Thanks! We're glad you like it.
most definitely!!!
Freeze fresh brewed green tea into ice cubes thaw slightly and use as a toner for your skin.
: Nobody's perfect, we screw up, we make mistakes, have heartbreaks, go through hard times but you need to know that this is life.
Tickets selling out: The Poetry of Music: The Song that Nature Sings, 3/22, 7PM Annandale UMC. See fairfaxchoralsociety.org for tickets.
write MORE!
I just submitted on CN about this role & have the perfect black gown to wear to make the scene look elegant as well.
And what about the Morian members of ? I think I spotted some of the "longbeards" in Midwinter photos.
Gotye-somebody that i use to know!
- was Hancock, w/ Will Smith, a black super hero?
Thanks a lot couz!
I actually had a 28k modem during the early 90s. I've actually installed my 56k modem and that was some upgrade lol
bring on the cold weather!!!
Congrats on your product's success. Can I ask how your submission experience was with ABC? Any concerns re: Terms of Use?
o really lol okay sure I thought I was me with all my gutter balls!!
interest rates on student loans suck ass. I feel like all's i've done is pay interest and have barely made a dent in the actual amount
RT act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. -Aesop
running hard!
Basically, how wonderful the individual voter registration will be.
Thirsty Thursday; Hurry in fast! Now through May 13th from 3 -5pm its Frappuccino Happy Hour at Starbucks!
What's the big deal with 's #Weiner, looks the same everyday in congress, and I can tell u for sure its his weiner
RT : Need early ed access to knowledge. If you don't start right, can't grow right...either education or prison.
Ya. I'm still kinna chubby. I changed my diet to more fruits & vegetables. Keeps me feel good and lose weight slowwwly.
Pilot says to turn off Kindles and tablets but cell phones can stay on... pretty sure they don't know what they're talking about.
There is a kid dressed as Jack Sparrow at the baseball game. Make-up and everything. His parents are doing it right.
I just scared the dog I screamed so loud. They #letPGfly, FINALLY!
Have found myself awake, hungry and thinking about food that I want to devour....
SNL is quickly going in the toilet.
#chid480f and talking about "compulsory subjectivity," the perils of universal humanism, is compassion <> humanism?
Using #Hootsuite for #smm like cruising in a parking deck. Cross-posting apps counter-productive in edge rankings, too.
hahaha I guess :)
I want somebody new to talk too..
Today from 5-7pm, join Sam Gon - TNC's Senior Scientist and Cultural Advisor - and others, to mark the changing of the seasons on O<U+02BB>ahu.
Camping! Something new :)
#oomf needs to change their twitcon ASAP like rocky. :x
cause this guy really didn't know till right now when u said it that it was live online although eye should've known that
The #Brewers are 6-5 in 1-run games. Also already have 3 walk-off wins.
just received my Hulu Plus invite - anyone try it on the PS3 yet?
Wanna go out with the girls tonight but idk what to wear & my hair.... ugh!!!
do you have any detailed information on best practices for new ad formats in timeline, which are getting best engagement?
Bout time he ended dat
I really love that my roommate is watching a movie right now that stars Clint Eastwood AND AN ORANGUTAN.
looking forward to your talk!
Yep. I know my website is down. I need to pay my bill. It will be up again before the end of the month. I'll give it more attention then.
I second that. HELP. RT : tweeps, I need a baller b-ball jersey to wear tomorrow night, preferably pretty large. Any takers?
totally put that same video on my tumblr last night right after the KCAs. SO funny. Your face was priceless. ;)
6. The Big Bang Theory (CBS) 7. House (Fox) 8. Castle (ABC) 9. Criminal Minds (CBS) 10. Dexter (Showtime
Wow! We've been hacked. We apologize to all of our followers for the direct message you may have received. We are working to fix this now.
Just started humming that Friday song from Rebecca Black...again. I think it's time for some social rehab.
need one of what?
Watching the Today Show
": when da next time you hoopin.?"the next its hot outside
General Counsel Leads Update: Psychemedics Corp ($PMD) names new Associate General Counsel
I hate pollen.
no prob. Sometimes I think I'm in lbk and then I walk outside.
Waking up at 4 in the morning to a txt from
Dan lebatard's father is HA-LARIOUS.
If you are brave to say GOOD BYE, life will reward you with a new HELLO.
Miami Marlins fans: what are your expectations on the 2012 season? How many wins for your Marlins? O/U set at 84.5.
:) thank you and we are happy you liked!
I did. Tornado-free weather here! RT : It's national walking day! Are you getting a chance to get up and walk?
i'm already following sweetie :)
its my birthday !!!!ya
Getting motivated! Race training this morning . The cool down song for BodyPump was Fade Into Me !
Had a dream about twizzlers last night.
Learning about the efforts of Hawaii community media's work to bring in the community voices via Skype and webcams. Great stuff.
#ShockingNerlensAnnouncement Going to Sam Houston State to catch lobs from Konner Tucker all season.
Era pra ser i don't love you but ok
really? Go 3DS.!!!
TRAFFIC ALERT: Due to the brush fire in Fitchburg, it is requested that people avoid S Syene Rd between McCoy Rd and East Cheryl Pkwy.
This is not a blonde roast, it's a pike place roast. Yes, I can tell the difference. :)
I also need something to calm my stomach.
It's all about Teamwork Attendance Attitude Productivity
come at 7
Dinner with <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Follow??(: softball game tomorrow can't wait!(:
The RETURN of ICON SATURDAYS at NO COVER ALL NIGHT!!! FREE SHOTS THRU OUT THE NIGHT!!! $20 VIP!!!! MORE INFO 281.860.2877
I feel like Vanetti is somewhere in that picture!
Stop talking about Party Down. It makes me sad.
Only your BestFriend would do mani pedis with you all lit at 3 am :)
Can #sandra bullock get more beautiful? How ironic that she gives the Oscar to Iran - sans burka
I'm fine Mariel, thanks for asking. What do you do there for fun?
I'm suddenly feeling like shit.
Only a hour and a half till the new year :-)
I just watched your secrets video and omfg </3 Stay strong.
Although it may feel like it at times I never believe that #dogs are purposely trying to add stress to our lives!
The best birthday present in the world would be for to notice me, if only it came true! Love you, #follow ? </3
Im going to tweet about us
OU Men's Bball tonight at 7 PM, Unstoppable comes out today too!!!
Have you texted your vote for the Indy Reads Glove sponsored by The Best Chocolate In Town? Text READS to 86132 everyday to help us win!
I can't call it dog!
#Icanttrustyouif you've never seen Mean Girls. That movie is So Fetch!
and the reason that picture of me you and Alexa is cropped so high is my fault
Contact the guild or ask Sheila.
Darn! Missed today's #weddingmarket chat. Now I'll have to play catch-up!
ha! this was the self-driving car.
We'd bring a pen. would bring a sword.
chillen bro what's been good?
HEY THEY NEED MORE FOLLOWERS SO PLEASE FOLLOW THEM!!! :D !!
I don't wanna speak nigger, thank you.
Watching keeks :) Their so good!
have you listened to the album Blakroc?
Anytime ma, YU WELCOME!!!
Watching American idol, not as good without simon and paula......
So what is everyone doing for Spring Break?? We wanna go camping but not sure yet...looking for a secluded spot in cali
Yeah I Am And Yes Huh
Good good and no I havent gone yet, I go to Vegas in May and Jamaica In June!!
t|-.-|t A robot just flipped you off, you offended?
Cathy Madden Trindle referred to a client's diary as "the blog of 1820s" because "they talked about everybody."
u has me scared I wasn't sure what you were dressing up as!?!?
Good Morning! Inner Quote: If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right. - Mary Kay Ash
Blah don't wanna go nothing.... Just leave everything and everyone and go somewhere far, where it's green and rainy.
that's what's up. I'll probably still be here
Go Knicks Go! RT : G'morning, Knick fans. It's Knicks - tonight at the Garden.
So excited to see Dark Shadows on the 7th! :D
thanks for texting Me back... love you too.
i love you! you are my inspiration :)
RT robocalls are generating a buzz.
SKIPPING CLASS WITH MY BABY (:
Would LOVE to sing a song with She is the bomb dot com. You heard it right here.
I'm rooting for you guys...but 90 days for a mobile app? Shouldve been a priority early on if you want to play in the social game.
You inspire me soo much, thank you for everything you do.<3 8
Loyalty ain't a word it's a lifestyle ...
Jealous.Very;
Please let us know if it does not show up. I know it has been sent out.
oh yeah he dose
Keep in mind that tomorrow is basically the general election for city council since in #DC the GOP is only found on Hill & K St
What kind did you plant?
I'll most likely be at the homies hahaha
full moon tonight! Can't wait
New Girl is the best show. Ever. I bought Hulu plus just so I can watch it over and over! <3 love you!!!
Presenting my color perception presentation!!
Glad 2 have u part of SMB RT : I'm SO HONORED that included my Ford Explorer story in his #SMBMAD presentation.
I type all notes into Google Docs. Theoretically, it's perfect – always accessible. But I know I'll be screwed some day.
And so the end of the world will occur in 2012... if you're
Hey sis are you in Cleveland...or are you in Fairborn
I have finally entered the world of home brewing.
Habitat 4 Humanity Meeting this Wednesday in the Admin Room 304 @ 5pm RT now!!!!!
Gonna watch the notebook to further depress myself hahahaa
Good morning everyone! Best part of my day is breakfast with my babies. Please keep Japan in your prayers.
Good Morning World! Make your day incredible. You deserve it
Tonight! 8pm Trey Grimm plays all your requests!
Our guy, is killing it on twitter today! Right mindset. That energy & focus is contagious!
Ferret Fact: Ferrets are members of the mink family
Also - sign up now for a couple of PRIVATE SALES! These are "invite only" because of space and parking limits.
80% of our customers have not been asked for a referral!
Lmaooo RT : OJ bruh you got to grow your beard like James Harden. U see how much balance he got?
something twisted about a local commercial for a cemetery...
#IWouldDoAnythingFor a tweet from !!!!
Day 3 of flushing my system... Isn't So bad as of right now... We will see tho
Although there are, or used to be, a higher end line of true religions that werent so tacky.
chillen, gonna be in Orlando on the 7th let's get it
Howl at the Moon: Downtown indy=> half price drinks from 5-8... might be there
Im like a naturally werid person and I always try to hide it
IMO, not contemp specifically, but what I call the "deals with" book is prob hard to sell. (1/2)
It's 4:20. Do you know where your Lungs are?
mine too bro fuuuck -.-
2000+ pieces. Work it, girl!
Eek, it's almost time for Vampire Diaries! Yay! Happy Thursday!
I'm not gay I just want to boogie to some Marvin
Academy: Please make the Oscar envelopes easier to open!
finally fucking done
Up doing homework? :b that's gay, I'm up eating cake :D
In honor of my 25th birthday, I'm listening to the beastie boys on Pandora. Happy (same) Birthday!
I'm not looking forward to my AP exam tomorrow, sigh. Goodnight.
What would be the bigger accomplishment: Fred Couples winning the Masters at 52, or Jamie Moyer winning a big-league game at 49?
Fuck Love? No, Fuck The Person Who Made You Think Like That.
That is so true you are keeping it real.
Thanks for the follow! Not sure if we should be concerned or honored...either way, we'll raise a glass!
you guys are awesome!!! just listened to you and now you have yourselves a new fan! :)
david, guess what? i hate you. and chelsy, don't encourage this.
Thanks so much for RT & Follow
#Upstream2012 what's new? Technology utilization...Reports, measurements using Google analytical, and much more!
Yea I'll stay in touch
just shut up.
PENTAX K-01 Interchangeable Lens Camera Receives Red Dot Design Award
it's so strange. No idea why I'm so awake.
is twittered out.
Lombard St bike bus lane violations getting worse!
This dude better treat my homie right. She dont need no bs <U+263A>
RT : "You can't control what people think about you...so why worry about it" - Urban Meyer
yes we actually do +0 and one of you with us =)
Just finished crossfitting it up!
VACATION LAND!!!
He has slowed down my production significantly, but it's for a good cause.
Mr. President, my son didn't fight in Iraq on your behalf, he did it for his country.
my suggestion is to get a Canon
lions are are HUGE !!!
Of course not. They say this would have ended sooner if he had shown backbone. But if he HAD done that, they'd cry intervention!
Phew, I thought I missed something! Sending lots of POSITIVE thoughts filled with balconies!
reset your password, your account has been hacked. Sending spam DMs
It is, I think, an indisputable fact that Americans are, as Americans, the most self- conscious people in the world, and the mos
i don't know i just like having coffee breath.
sshhh shh my song is on.. Right by my side..
RT The CIOCafe welcomes Eric Egnet from Boston, MA. <~ Thanks very much.
Want a follow back? Ask for it
Balance the informed intelligence of your thoughts with the practical effectiveness of your actions.
I respect and listen to a lot of less melodic abstract work, but even then I want variations not based in white noise.
I'm looking for 5 real estate agents to give a FREE mobile website to.
Fell like -- as many sex eds do -- I have tried freaking everything sound over the last 15 years and yet success continues to be evade us.
what up man i was bizz partners with jdub in ville im opening a bar on wash ave. you should stop in opening night..GO CARDS!!
It's definitely on my top ten of 2012 -- amazingly fun/good/awesome/twisted book!
I can't breathe - he suctioned his butt!
Hanging out in Phoenix this week at #GC11 with our friends and - who chose Arizona for the 1st week of August?!
I know I could have worse problems.
Missive from the Internet: "ADD THREE INCHEZ TO UR MAN MEET"
Here at scene of police-involved shooting on Main St in Whitehall...waiting for info
Morning people gonna hve a gud day today!
What do you think the right NURSE to PATIENT ratio is? if you were sick, how many other patients do you want to share your nurse with?
It's funny how Monday has become my favorite day. I see all my girls then!
Thank you love :)
At for discussion on challenges and opportunities for #immigration reform in the actual political & economic climate.
Ive never been so happy in life to not be with anybody cause I don't feel that I have to prove myself to anyone anymore i feel free.
:-) God is good. I've been hearing good things about your ministry, a friend of mine went to one of your meetings ...
nice commercial :))
Hello Everybody!!! :)
Hahaha, Barack is a fool. He just said, "I LOVE Bad Girls Club!!! Every time I watch that show, I just start counting the votes!!!" Hahaha!!
I want some Villains! Our Disney Store won't get them until 1/30
Happy St. Patrick's Day, ABQ! Are you gettin' your Irish on today?
"Never mistake motion for action." - Hemingway
Johnny Bravo my nigga.
website, distribute on send and receive bitch
i wish you can follow me someday<3 its a dream that will always be waiting till reality<U+E022>
Hello hombre!
RT if u like Nicki Minaj & wanna see her in Miami this weekend
for sure ;3
follow me bakk blood
Hi Alex! And thanks...
": What up & coming band do you want to see on MTV?" and rt pls
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook.. you can't tell which one of these self-professed "CEO's" is unemployed living in their mom's basement! LOL!
I should add: #lesmisindy info will be on Clowes Hall, Ticketmaster, & Bdwy Across Amer sites (not from me, much as I love readers.)
Shower now, bed after, goodnight friends.
But enough about foreign policy. Let's talk about Rush.
Wait until they see his statue
it's a New Year, i've got new goals & time to achieve them. Can i count on you for support? Follow me to see my progress & get inspired!
WHAT? Tim Riggins without his sexy locks?! Waaaaaah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
I did talk about my boobs after-all ~! Still no Sex Bot to move that black number,Oh well.
Happy Friday! What are your plans for this weekend?
So... Who's read it? Who's excited for the movie? Can't lie, we haven't jumped on the bandwagon.
Duh. Only way to travel. My last trip I packed more props and wardrobe than actual clothes to wear. So fun.
omg blue demon en como dice el dicho (: tehe
Today's theme song: Creep by Radiohead
what's happening on the karaoke front ?
thinking I need to play the lottery today.. wouldn't mind winning a couple million bucks
Freaked out that I deleted all my Cascada music and then realized her name doesn't even start with a K. Close call!
S/O to one of my best friends happy 18th birthday!!!She's legal to buy scratch and girly cigars!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
19 of 27 precincts in, and Buddy holding the same lead.
the moment i stop eating burrito is the moment there is no burrito.
omg. We're like sisters! Lol
Scoutin places for these video shoots.
Wow I'm just amazed.. You're really talented. Just found you on Youtube and i think I'm in love now <3 :) lol
Didnt go to basketball practice!
The IHT SPIRIT System is pretty cool. Allowing kids to track their own health stats via school.
I hate waking up and realizing you're not beside me.
thank you so much for sharing your work with us! We loved the film and loved the discussion. Thank you for your time!
#RITZ2 this Friday || FREE FOR ALL!! | Ladies FREE Ciroc Shots ALL NIGHT !! | $10 Pitchers | $5 Wings | #tonefide a2
Great shot of the Wine Tower! Hope you had a great time at Purple Cafe!
are you in charge of snacks tonight?!?
Statewide, when comparing July 2011 to July 2010: • The median sale price of homes increased 4.3% to $120,000; and
Throwing out all my junk food NOW. Fatty, sugary foods I now disalow. No more eating like a sow.
oh, didn't realize boxing had changed, since i don't follow it. did it change because of health concerns?
Barnett calling for sdusd to halt school closure plan.
Dance partied, moved, 'n' grooved all day and every time after a min of dancing bf asked me to stop... Is he trying to tell me something?
Are you struggling with your nutrition and exercise plan? I can help. Contact me and let's talk.
hi, i'm bored.
Good Morning, Sunshine! I'm doing the Pretty Girl Rock :) Have a good one!
If you like hot females.... try this one on for size...
how old are you?
YES it's about time! RT I put in my two weeks at the nite owl! I'm almost free from the creepers for good!!! So excited!
RT : I speak pearls of wisdom
he is the most elegant of competitors
Let us know what you think! RT thank you so much for the all the samples! Can't wait to try them.
Just ordered flowers as surprise for my mom's bday tomorrow. I can't wait until she gets them! I've never sent her flowers before ever.
Saw #InTime tonight. There were some unexpected political statements along the way which were surprising and thought provoking.
Heading into work for a social media meeting and some Wide Orbit training.
its ed sheeran!!!!!!! Who are you :L
So, which designs inspire you?
Go follow and i will dm justin for you there!
Indeed. Thanks & pass it on. RT : Aww, cut yourself a little slack, will ya? You're way too hard on yourself.
“: MIT's Neil Gershenfeld has convinced me that Philly needs a Fab Lab #educause10”. Prep for Educause11?!?!
Tomorrow at the 6pm lecture by Gary Tinterow, discussing his experience at the + as current Director
i don't now how justin bieber is so cute .. pretty boy swag ;D
swagg on hundred!
Friday night and I'm at home writing a paper
You got a condom? Never mind I got this milky way wrapper!! #FamilyGuy :P
114 here in Vegas today, thank God it was a dry heat lol
Well done, ma'am!
That nap took it out of me...Time to get ready for a hopefully cool gig tonight.
agreed! Based on that article, it would seem that the Foundation is a tad out of touch these days. Bit of an "ouch"!
I love you beautiful <3
Feeling like 7 miles of bad road, and I still have the journey home to go
rock on brothas!!
Cats! Derrick Williams is sick
.yeah I'm going to rocco's tomorow. I'm kicking his ass at ultimate marvel vs capcom 3.
ha nice. i wish i owned anything valuable enough to tell to fuck off.
Made it into my first #sxsw film this week. Blue Like Jazz. Woo hoo!
Joy: A celebratory blend, perfect for sharing. - as seen on a box of tea, but could also be my motto for upcoming year
send me a tmobile phone. lol
okay (: & but ugh thats too much work ;/ . look at my last tweet to a guy
im sixk didnt go yo skool today missed out on a pizza party!!!
Looks like Maks is wearing Toms on
I know what I want just don't know where to place it =\ that's the only prob I'm running into
you are afraid to hug each other ...
EVERY TUESDAY NIGHT!!
rapes little kids
About to play Rey Jr/WINNERS/Parka/Octagon vs. Kikuchi/Liger/Tiger Mask I/Giant Baba in Fire Pro R.
" Destiny is all about the choices we make and the chances we take."
Thanks for the #Follow shoutout. Enjoy your weekend.
RT DONT LOSE HOPE RT From Iran: "I have one vote. I gave it to Moussavi. I have one life. I will give it for Freedom."
a beauty tweet?! So glad you are watching Maybelline commercials.
that works!
Happy Mother's Day! I hope you have a great day! You are awesome!
lets do that shit
Well this is the worst day in the year - mothers day ugh a day 4 all the people whom lost children/babies to feel alone and depress gag me!!
Watch, TIVO, DVR, and masturbate to on #MoneyFromStrangers as it debuts tonight on at 10:30pm
looks like a super fun event! Happy to RT keep us posted! We LOVE RTing :)
What’s the best meal you’ve had this week?
You'll Never Know What You Have Until Its Gone !
Don't forget send in pictures of your promoting so we can keep you on the team! [:
you've got rain coming, tho. :(
so frustrating that he will get booed in all the away games this year...
What does one want when one is engaged in the sexual act That everything around you give you its utter attention, think only of
Dude what's wrong with me? I'm going crazy
Well tomorrow is going to be a packed day. School, practice, then Chick Fil-A at night!
u mess with Canada, you mess with me
Seeking donation of vegan items for auction at an upcoming fundraiser in Melbourne, Australia. A chance to introduce your brand to others.
#20peoplethatilove #2 Trinity, my precious baby sister.
for #launch happy hour but it is too crazy to see who is who. Good crowd though...
SquE-Zn at beachfire in South Orange County tonight. Get your costumes ready!
Why did the Taliban [Islam] destroy the statues of Buddha in Afghanistan? Did you know some of the Afganistani's claim to be Hebrews?
live, love, play, be happy.
I completely agree. Often times I hear teen/young parents belittling one another to feel better about themselves
I'm not much of a horror guy but liked this one because it was a smart film and payed homage to the other horror flicks...
Practice yourself in little things, and thence proceed to greater.Epictetus
Even AT&T technicians carry standard issue iPads now.
This is my business twitter for Pure Romance :-) ~Natalie
When I find the guy who invented skinny fit clothing, I'm gonna kick him in the nuts... Probably the shit wears!
you have great taste love eveything about u maxine
best teaser everr !! proud to be a jasminater
Recommend me something to watch while I'm in bed!
OMG, Wordle, soo we meet again?
I just joined Google+ but since it's a closed beta, only a hand full of people I know are on there. Haha. Who else is on Google+?
clearly top 1 or 2 teams in the NFC right now RT : Are the #Eagles the best team in the NFC? What's your take?
Gallery night tonight! Let's get some art on!
great, now I need to go make that video...
...I'm not even a big online player, just frustrated when rights are taken away
Not sure if she'll be into it but it can't hurt to try!
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever. -Hebrews 13:8
Yo I smell somethin....smell like money in the bank. ITS PAYDAY YA DIG!!!
yeah i heard from someone else its cold there. we share something in common today. :)
We agree! We LOVE Kevin Kline. Let's raise money for his awesomeness.
#NoLosAngelesVikings RT : (AP) -- Minnesota governor signs bill to build $975 million Vikings stadium; target opening 2016.
Hurting, but on the up and up! Haven't attempted solids today! That figurine is the best centerpiece I have ever had!
Got pulled over this morning because the county officer ran my tags and no registration came back. MVA says they're fine.
NO IT'S LADY A. :( oh well I love them too.
Thanks to all who came out to Beer Co last night! Made a lazy Thursday a fun one...
She is skookum
2 games for Sporting KC w/ out injured=2 losses! Get that man back on the pitch!
Gotta work a third shift tonight :/
U txt me n i txt back but no anwser i guess ur too busy for ur best friend i hate this time diffrence i miss u
Journalist sometimes forget they're in a business that needs customers. As a business, why piss them off?
Melky Cabrera has been incredible for the Giants, so let's give him a mulligan, but that was a BRUTAL at bat given the circumstances
thanks for following , following back , i shall add you on facebook?..
thx and for RT. I recall seeing similar stats for US history journals but I can't find now!
No regrets, admit cookie defeat and move on! Hey - I saw Lana tonight. First time in 16 years. Can you BELIEVE THAT?
Today, we're doing a wine tasting and lunch at Castello di Verrezzano. A five course gluten-free meal? Sign me up, baby!
Only a "FEW" showers if any today. Nothing major. I'm still planning to be outside later today.
Agreed! “: Metal is THE most perfect genre for when you're sad or angry. Ever. Of all time.”
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Adrian Ranete °Rising 7th °Fort Worth, TX °Travel Team: Keller Magic °Small Forward 5’8
hot mini chess pies, fresh out of the oven- I love Thanksgiving!!
I have not yet. I just can't get used to the look of it. I like the nice, neat row of FB posts we currently have. Your thoughts?
RBI does amazing work for our youth. Thanks to Athlete Wealth Management support we'r able to do a video showcasing the efforts of AZ RBI.
Your not like a monkeey! & Moe is pretty so Thats not a bad thing
will there be a ketchup fountain?
Chen is getting hit Hard all over the place. Get him out.
Men and women are limited not by their intelligence, nor by their education, not by the color of their skin, but by the size of their hope.
First game I've seen in these playoffs Chris Paul make bad decisions that have cost his team.
Comediennes are funny.
We got beat by 3 this morning to an Allstar team out of Louisville. Really proud of how well and how hard my boys played!
RT : Just saw a lobster delivery truck that had a sticker right under the driver's side window: "Driver Carries No Butter"
Ok...so if I change the channel and come back to , their sound is working??? Does that make sense??
Stelllla Artois that is...and correcting homework...
About halfway to Florida, keep us company and tweet us question and we will answer them all. Ask us any question at all
The GTWT girls are setting high goals for 2012; attending top #colleges, earning #scholarships and acing their AP Exams, to name a few!
Another Login account? #Autodesk, you have to be f'ing kidding.
If doesn't win American Idol.. I'm never watching it again.
The video conferencing equipments are gaining popularity amid first responders such as police men, medical experts and fire fighters.
Time to #BeGreat !!! I got my jersey on!!!
Traffic in DC sucks!
If u stop on by CDM, the ride won't be as far, and we love our coffee. We'll even throw in free wifi.
A bad audition is an audition that doesnt leave you the opportunity to come back.
"Someone once asked me, 'Why do you always take the harder road?'. I replies with, 'Why do you assume I see 2 roads?'." <3
There may not be a third base umpire but at least there's repla-- oh, wait
true, at least he doesn't shoot couches.
Probably just took the coldest & quickest shower of my life. Parkside, why you have no hot water?!?!
Obstacles are necessary for success because victory arrives only after many struggles and numerous defeats.
#aubrey friends are not friends just some cool ass people. Real
Despite the destruction of my brackets I would LOVE to see Iowa State take down the mighty Kentucky, they are playing one hell of a game.
true...but the cash has to go to another cammo wrapped truck...just so hard to keep tabs on it once you get out
Did you have a fabulous time at last night?? Tom Novy was fantastic!!
"Insanity could no longer be allowed its ancient autonomy; now it must wear the chains of modern society" –
Those are my expectations
Have a great road trip to KnoxVegas w/
Thank you !
guess what .... Bad.girls.club is holding auditions in Houston ....may 12 th .fml (:
Really do NOT wanna be in class right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
My hairdresser shuns facebook and twitter. It's Pinterest she loves.
RT : My bad. What was I thinking? < THINKING? That offends my political sensibilities even more.
Protip: when buying library carts, make sure the wheels are wider than the elevator gap.
Ha! Always lies! RT : IT:"Your call is important to us." Me:"LIES"
We were jus invited to da a show in Jacksonville, FL!!!
We are so happy that and are sponsoring the parade again this year! Thank you :)
Love you guys... long time love, it is. :-)
I don't know if I should be proud or worried that I can spot when a girl doesn't know how to put on makeup well...
Way doper than the one on independence and WAY closer too lol.
ready to skate today <3 and <3
Sometimes the poorest man leaves his children the richest inheritance. -Ruth E Renkel
Please ignore DMS that ask "this you?". It is NOT from me; do not click on it, my account was hijacked.
I usually don't post pics w/o permission, but mine could easily show up somewhere.... I knew exactly what she was about to say...
hello, im wondering if you have any advice on how to boost my own business clients on the web.
The meeting minutes for March 7, 2012 are up on the site.
hi there :)
Ordinance has been around for a few years. I'm guessing it hasn't affected City Beat? And I'd also like to see the data
Leprechaun movies marathon on Syfy!!...=D
surprisingly, we had coffee and donuts at our all staff today
Agreed! RT : I love <3 They are gorgeous and talented.
Chianti on deck!
Also jQuery ftw! (using it for the web app)
nice...do you work for multiple clients?
“: ": I crack myself up.!!"lol O_o”don't give me that face lol
They are really the worst. Makes John Sterling look like Edward R. Murrow
My son farted the other day, looked around and asked "what was that?"
Travel the world, have everyone know who you are and make more money in a month then ppl make in there life..
I'll be next in 4.5 miles ... Getting ready.
get to see my taybows tomorrow :) were going to a pig roast and then shes gonna spend the night and on Sunday were going to the beach :)
yeah i know this>
who's your daddy
We're excited for 2012 today! is attending for - come say hi and stay tuned for updates!
Jazz! Love it!
what about thome
I'm really just looking to get a Shakeweight Body this beach season.
perry- we'd love to have u on show- DM us if u can with email addy
I crack myself up! :)
"Method actors give you a photograph. Real actors give you an oil painting." _Charles Laughton #acting,
Oops! Can't fault me for trying. ;)
#BabyMakingMusic Lion King Soundtrack.
getting ready for my dad's surprise birthday party all day
try using Google translate.
you did a great job with "Bossmade" with Jay Pistol. We produced that track and would love to work with you in the future.
Today is akiens Graduation I'm so proud of all the 2012 seniors that are graduating!!!
Our last & final Chinese New Year Party is TODAY at !
That being said, EPL better watch out for Stoke City next year. If you play a preseason match in KC you compete in EPL.
I'm sorry I was sleepy
It is finally done. All 2,665 words of it.
/Neither Party wants to compromise anymore. Congressional members are becoming more and more obsolete. We deserve better.
NEED FOLLOWERS FOR THIS PAGE ...
You cannot substitute size.
Watching Anthony Bourdain follow in my footsteps, ca 26 years old: Cigar Box then Town Topic.
:)MT :#1 secret of being good moderator:choosing smart folks on yr panl.Thx guys ROCK!
Dickens!--A sentence of his can be a page long and you never lose track of the meaning!
Please dont change.
...big one's, small one's, some the size of your head!
I've always wanted to do that.
I love that movie!!!!
Yeah for sure. I'm doing great. I'll give you a call next week.
Oh, but I guess that last one was pretty funny, ...but only a little.
": Always be positive. Don't let negative people hold you back from your dreams."
Use this an an opp to reflect on the positive things about #juniorseau. Continue the legacy that is Junior Seau. #Amen! - Shawn Mitchell
When someone brings up something you do not want to ever talk about
Great Content..Much Love..Follow Back..
I swear, I was having a horrible day until followed me. He made my day so much better<3 thanks :)
Idalia wouldn't let me take a nap wtfuck <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA> She better not be mad if I go to sleep at after prom haha.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT : This white lady act like she scared to sit next to me. Um boo I ain't gon bite!!! I'm just black
Is it possible to judge a dunk you cannot see?
Hahahaha RT : Laughing out loud to myself because of cough hahahahaha
I'm learning that the hard way too, it's pretty though
After 5 hrs and 365 miles, I'm almost through the dreaded State of Kansas. Just made first stop for gas. #SLA and
Gotta do things by yourself!! Working fine,too!
Follow me on instagram ""
I really hope that and would follow mt that would make my boring life ahhhmazing!!!
To the Star Wars? HA! YES!
I'd love to. Will def. do that.
heck yes! They're so fun! You can have my room.
Thanks for following :0) >>
#LastTimeTheKnicksWonAPlayoffGame Justin Timberlake was still in N'Sync
years resolution??!!?? ;)
I'm so eccentric that even the Webster dictionary can't define me. [:
aw your so sweet! lol
M HEATED SEATS!
getting ready 4 trip to Abu Dhabi to meet u & golf - long trip from Portland, OR... advice 4 jet lag?
Youtube: "Shae G Music Videos"
How we (MMR) assist you: The most common benefit to the homeowner is the prevention of foreclosure because loss mitigation works to either …
love the mashup its awesome version of the song when i watched it i was like WOah!! love u justin so huge a hug rite@ U!!
Kind of jealous of all those kids going to #Coachella this weekend.. Can't I get a little sun in my life?!
I just have the Jaeger shirt of theirs in my head. Remember that?
Went back to my old bronzer.made me look fresh and fabulous.
my dad told me that and he said I was stupid for them meaning that much to me! I Cried for a long time! :(
then no burger.
Amazing thing to me about 4 HRs vs O's was every pitch was to the outer half of plate (obviously Buck's game plan) & NO HRs were PULLED
If I could write a story like how KoL makes me feel.
Tonight's Pacers playoff game will be televised nationally on ESPN. Games 2 and 3 will be on Fox Sports Indiana. Game 4 will be on ESPN.
the guy booked another show in replace of us /:
Sitting in that place where like they got all these books, figure Ill take a nap, why not its so quite.
thanx for putting that out there...
Brewers win! Brewers win!
When Romney says he supports marriage between one man and one woman, he's referring to the only two people who are voting for him...
Worked on the new song today. Things are sounding great, can't wait for you all to hear!
yes it will!!!:D its not the dark knight first btw. I should know:)
me: "Think'n of driving to A-Basin for tomorrow's opening. Sleep in the truck." my brain: "what are you thinking? You aren't a kid any more"
How sweet!
here's hoping you don't get an outback special from your outback special!
Good afternoon <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B> RT : Good morning
If you're in the #Kansas or #KansasCity area and need DOPE visuals... #FOLLOW #ASAP >>>>>
If you're interested in soft alpaca fibers, check out booth 1074! Hope to see you!
The Force answer with a touchdown pass from Archer to Shipp. Game tied 7-7.
This withdrawal can be from any number of reasons but fear of not getting your needs met and not feeling safe is always at the bottom
Week 3: Sun. Sept 23 @ HOME vs. New England Patriots. (8:20pm)
If Fix-A-Flat plumps and fills a pitootie, Y not?
Hey! Yeah. Sorry.
RT Barcelona-Chelsea semifinal set a sports Twitter record, edging out the Super Bowl for most tweets (13,684) per second.
Our world is ourselves reflected back from an infinite assortment of prisms. -Manly P Hall
#ThatOneFriendWho likes the most ugliest people.
Happy Good Friday and lively avatar RT : Happy Great Friday!
": here's to the kids who are in a relationship & love every second of it." <3
big shit talking
Cool- I'm starting to train for a half and I'm barely at 5k level. I'm going to sign up too, hopefully will not die.
you def used to do that
you're such a dork!! Sensei's rubbing off on you
I had a breakfast meeting. Dad didn't even ask today. So he either understood or was giving me the silent treatment.
It's not hard to sacrifice something for someone but it's hard to find that someone who deserves your sacrifice.
Haha I knew the Giants would win! =)
Fun! :D RT : throwing a holiday bash at the TRACTOR ROOM / hillcrest next thurs (12/16) from 9 -11 and YOU're invited !!
thanks! Your daughter is absolutely gorgeous. I sincerely wish you all the best.
Lets just say that nobody better try & kick me off the mountaintop tonight because I ain't going!
Let's see a show of hands. How many people saw Avengers this weekend?
Go check out splawn aplifliers! They sound better than a marshall and mesa hands down
OH I KNEW THAT LOL
Look at my boy ": Fenna hit my K-Town nigga for a gallon of dat speed bump..."
no plans on a friday night? come out to APCO for #SMWWDC on social media fatigue! preview: we will show a portlandia clip.
Well is unleashing me on Intro Newswriting & Reporting students...your legacy lives on!
It's fucking quality. This guy ain't tryin to hide
I hate the fact that my birth stone is a pearl. EWW! June would have to be the oddball month of them all -__-
After 10 minutes, look for leaks indicated by color in the bowl. This is most likely a worn flapper valve that can easily be replaced.
I need something sweet. Preferably Cinnabon. Anyone need a ride to the airport?
yall finished the song?
Happy birthday to the woman who birthed me! Love ya mom! Happy Mothers day to all the moms as well out there. You are appreciated!
To my Toronto tweeps, March 1-4, be sure to visit Holly Friesen at Booth #203, Toronto Artist Project & follow her here too!
I tried going back to where I was actually happy, but the door was locked...
Just saw a black santa..im def not on the north shore lmao
Thank you guys,you too!
Let's not discuss the pull of these cravings, staring precoital triggers testosterone staging, pointless her caress I respond to the raving.
Yep, all in the A. & his wife just had a little boy. is working, producing & playing in kickball league.
want. now.
any restaurant recommendations in Mexico City?--> I love La Bipolar in Coyoacan!
What happened to Google Scholar? Did I miss the memo? No access from the menu.
I spent two, 8 hour shift at Walmart watching videos. I feel your pain.
Jeb Bush was 1st in signing #standyourground into law in Florida in 2005. Against PD opositon. Now 21 states have it. Thanks to #nra lobby.
The only thing that smells prettier than a girl is fajitas.
it was my 10th birthday
Theory of a Deadman's new cd is pretty good
“: Wonder if we can all agree that Phil Pressey should have made the Cousy Award finalists. ???????????????????
Took quick taste test of the Stuffed Peppers, AMAZING! And i cooked the rice perfect on the first try, damn I'm good!
p.s. Stolen from a high-larious local comic's act from YEARS ago! He had a million of 'em.
aww I love you too sugar!!<3
A person's a person, no matter how small.
Make a pledge to myself right now that I will discover who I really am.
john legends hairline ALL ARTISTS!! SUBMIT YOUR SONGS TO DTP!! GO TO WWW.DTPENT.BLOGSPOT.COM (RETWEET THIS RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!)
No No No #Caps #NYR to overtime
GIMP: The Free Open Source PAIN IN THE ASS.
Do not be confused. God still wants what He wants for you. Keeping you motivated to get it is your job!
www.vaRSITYJACKETS09.COM
Just bought clogs. I'm in some sort of museum village a la stockholm 1650 AD. Life!
Good luck! My assistants at work are older than I am- age is just a number :)
Thanks the artists that we get to work with. Their great talents make great tunes possible!
Activate your fans by putting them in charge. #facebook # smss
Sleep in complete darkness & quiet >>>>>>>
first time to Cali, it's nice
#ThatEx who has a girlfriend who has also talked to one of my exes , #SmallWorld -_-
They all seem to have crap Windows laptops in their bags too - using the iPad as video screen, ereader, mail device.
Marc Stall
Some people just over exaggerate.
maybe i should start reading my books instead of smelling them...maybe i'll learn something that way
Shocked at how complacent the San Diego press is about prosecutorial & police misconduct.Are there any investigative journalists out there?
hang on a second!!
#FLACON2011 Program Topics: Serving Immigrant Communities, New Normal, Employee Recognition, FOL Ideas, & Library Branding. More to come!
reporting on media commons publishing projects -- the new everyday
On AT&T now? LTE is fast but in certain areas...
When is putting on the moves in the notebook>>>>>>>everything else
out shopping, just found you the perfect birthday present!
A1.) Social Learning
So wants a paywall. I'll stop reading now. I have better uses for my time.
thank you for the FF. Have a great weekend. Xo J
Quite an unfortunate circumstance has presented itself to me. Ah the woes of life
Im here Mallori ha
Dream big dreams, believe in yourself, trust in God, and work hard so that those dreams can be a reality!!!
I need to diet BAD
it's for the battle of the bands :P
even though i'm beyond tired i'll stay on twitter and tweet you ;)
That's still not worth it.
Oh its on. RT : The greatest villain of 80's movies is on twitter ... Sweep the leg Johnny!! --
Startups need to position themselves against competitors, not deny they have them.
Another windy day in Las Vegas, will it ever stop?
Can't wait for this weekend! Bachelorette party at cedar point!!
NEED some SWAG you guys are LEGIT!
i have you pencilled in for May 12. Helmet optional, i guess.
Checking in @ Dah Big Easy Dahlin'
I know! The research nerd in me is so happy!
Most people would rather be certain they’re miserable, than risk being happy.
yeah we do!
it is such a pretty day for tanning =]
dave is having surgery today on his heel & I finished the book I brought
checking out #thethepoetics ....
College students are out for the summer?! dang....
Matt, looking forward to learn more about you, and sharing your tweets! Have a great week.
That is beyond bizarre.
It is a new day, not a new fight.
Just dropped two new songs
already! Lemme know if you do, you know how we do it!
Ugh. I hate being a girl <U+E406>Class at 5:00.
lol. Do Yall Think In Florida Dude.
Matt Kuchar looks like a skinny Ryan Leaf
Omg took a shower during half time to come back to see a 30 pt lead #c'monlakers
We have a football signed by the Super Bowl Champs up for auction on March 5th!
Mildred, surprise and wonder
I knew that Kobe and Michael have passed before, but they take the shot more often than not
Bruce Henderson
Heath Ledger.....come back....we have movies to make....
MARRY THE NIGHT SINGLE COVER
Don't worry... I'm sure will take care of you
going to take a shower now. Call/skype me in 30 minutes if u want!!!!!!!!!
Russell Martin fakes getting hit for a base - learning something from the captain I see.
Saw a DeLorean on the tollway this morning. Unfortunately, he was not going 88mph.
Treating me just fine, Sabina. I *am* looking for a new job and place to live, but that's not Denver's fault. Love this town.
will someone there look into missing digital booklets from iTunes - I am missing over 1700 and is this a class action?
You're right i do love it
I'm down.
Ginnie Mae will join Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in requiring mortgages it purchases to be transmitted in the Uniform Loan
No, it's called steriods! : Some aliens deleted my acc.
I'm fluent in three languages: English, Sarcasm, and Profanity.
so glad you enjoyed it! :)
in case you have not noticed, and I love you with an unwavering devotion. That is all. :)
The radio is like the TV without Tivo
Excited to kick off the Women in Media Mentoring Initiative event. Welcome to 33Across ladies!
that sounds fantastic!
Angels and Gentleman truly is creative genius! Can't stop listening to it!
Sounds like fun! RT : Enjoying some on my drive to BBC! Starting my #wineandfood class today :) #excited!
Today is a gorgeous day in so many ways...want to bottle this feeling!
Enjoying my AT&T LTE in NYC. It's faster then any WiFi I can get here, so I am using that instead of the hotel and coffee shop wifi.
I have to admit that I'm a little excited about the new season of #swamp people. Choot'em!
Walter De Maria/ TRILOGIES has arrived at the Menil Bookstore--come get yours today and enjoy Bare Bowls Kitchen in our parking lot until 2.
#TeamFollowBack ! Make sure you guys follow I ALWAYS #FOLLOWBACK ! :)
- uuhh m alright then ...
The piece is WONDERFUL, I love it. Thank you SO much! :)
I wouldn't even call taxi driving a job for that matter.
Picked up 2 today. Amazing game. Turned my PS3 on at 1:30...it's 9 now... Spent roughly 6 of the last 7.5 hrs playing! Lol
watching the shark tank. I'm fired up. this show has motivated me (to get out of bed and eat a pop tart)
if i eat a bunch of carrots, does that negate all the halloween candy i just ate??
saw Ur hubby last night. We missed u and the little man. Till next time
I'm hear to please the listeners! RT : if I call & request the Eagles Fight Song are u required 2 play it??
missed you by a few hours, my dog accepts your coo rain check and table scraps
so true because without teachings of our parents.and to know the difference of what is right and what is wrong and to know God .
Who is the sexiest of them all?
yay for the wakeup text! Have a great Friday!
you'll get them during the abs for high school. How'd it go today?
I'm sad you weren't well enough to aid me in my celebration of finals by killing as many brain cells as possible w/
watching tv hbu
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune, but great minds rise above them.
wubz ya 2 bby. I'm hoping to make it to the may 19th show ;)
gotta Grind, I mean it when I say You will be On Tour With Me!!!
which one was that?
That practice was sort of a train wreck... but I did ok
Should get gas in the ghetto more often! (maybe not ... But its 25 cents cheaper!)
Really missing my old homeplace. Going soon to take photos & say my blessings that the sweetest family, The Doyles, are preserving my life.
…or it's a clear sign of the decline in the quality of science education in America
Relabel t-shirts for a low price contact
yea i feel u , i see so many niggaz and females wearing shit i be like wtf i got to start doing that too lol
Did anyone else hear on tonight's episode of ? Way to go Britt!!
Done with my short but sweet interview with This can mean only one thing - is Paseo busy?
I've been bored, actually. I'm so ready for this year to be over. :( How about you? What's new for you? ^-^
Is it open?
My name is Edmond.
i still hate you
I hope by "root beer", you mean "drugs".
Well history in the making
all your tweets about are mezmerising me!
You need to #hire us for all of your #content #writing needs! Seek out our #services so we give you the words for your #brand!
Houston Public having great success with having two city services in some locations
No man goes before his time / unless the boss leaves early. ~ Groucho Marx
Tough time of year for coaches..grind of recruiting trail plus incoming guys signing professionally=depression!!
I've done my own laundry since I was 9.That's how I got so tall,I started smoking pot at 14 to stunt my growth or I'd be a goddamn giant
This cough is the worst
YPSILANTI: National Day to Prevent Teen Pregnancy raises awareness
LIFE TEW SHORT TEW BE HOLDING GRUDGES
thanks for the follow!
Game is still ongoing. neglected to respect my quiet fortification of #Japan which may turn into world domination
Hate spelling something wrong in a tweet -__-
What was everyone's favorite Super Bowl commercial?
Tiger Wife, FTW.
Both guys come with risk, but Torain's ceiling higher. I don't think hardesty is fully healthy yet.
Sometimes you just have to laugh.
Cause I've been trying way to long to try to be the perfect song...
sophomore year was rough.
I want to go bad to Juniors again so bad
Today is the perfect day to watch Freaky Friday
great way to thaw. Stop by Charmingtons. Great hot Chocolate! Thanks for making Baltimore a Charming city. Please drive safe.
Half baked
is in the building
Have you checked out #sugarrush yet? Head over to www.Facebook.com/goodluckjane and take a listen!
I had a dream i had sex with an awesome person :D
Last week of classes, then finals, then home! Im so ready to be home!!!!
Hey there, (BlackboardINTL), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Other than early on when I took some chances to recover frm $15K I had accummulated wo putting more than 10% stack n & virtually no shwdwns.
goodnight lovelys... too much homework this week... bye :)
RT : Here at with pouring
It's not bad, yours?
Happy Holidays everyone!
yeah, I think you're right. I've been out of it all week thus far.
good game.. of course any win is a good game.. game time for tomorrow, #Dodgers V #Rockies is 6:40 pm mdt..
hmm.. Johnny Depp, Paul Wesley, Britney Spears, Katy Perry, and....Robert Downey Jr :D
Headin to Cinci, OH. We have a relaxing day off and we're gonna go see a Cincinnati Reds game!
follow please?
Success can be measured by passion. Argue if you want.
My inner beauty refines my rough edges..
I did too! RT Spent day w/ Barrett. Struck by # of folks who went out of their way to say they'd voted for him in primary.
Good deal. Sounds more like Green Bay #Packers football. I'm going back to sleep now. Thx4 the updates
<3<3<3 RT "He used to look at me like that." -A "It looks like he wants a cheeseburger. Seriously. I think he's hungry." -R
jQuery just gave me a compass to get out of the #fail woods.
My man.. fucking Elk! RT : Andrew Luck got a head like a smashed crab.....
im back (:
The only thing I want to know about the Beer Summit was what they drank. Please don't tell me it was Bud.
One question from the game last night: who was that señorita with Nash?! Welcome to Miami.
Absolutely! Pets are warmly welcomed! And I don't belive so- what is FidoFactor?
Strange day today....feeling choice paralysis.
in what will end up being an awful idea..... going to watch the bulls game.
Hey Guys Back From Vacation, Just Checking In
Kosuke Fukudome is the South Side's problem now
who has the time for that nonsense?
here I come
Canada is awesome!!!!!!!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you're boss calls down from his office to ask where the theatre is in CBC... And you can give perfect directions.
nice! We might send our son to Judge. He is only 3 so we've got awhile...lol.
same here. Lots to catch up on
well... Only hitting 60 today, but just a slim chance of rain. The weather at clooney's house will be better, I'm sure.
To those that have stolen my photos--thank you for making Xmas impossible this year.
just a couple of streets over still in Waukegan
it was a smashing success can wait till the next one!
Chicken Philly and a pepperoni, pizzaiola melt on special for lunch today. Team trivia at 8pm. 35 cent wings 5pm-midnight
I may be the only mother in America who knows exactly what their child is up to all the time. Barbara Bush
Andre Malraux~ Be careful - with quotations you can damn anything.
It's almost holiday shopping time! Order your copy of Petroski's Engineer's Alphabet, the perfect gift for the engineer in your life!
love you guys!! xx
Indian movies are so amusing! 3+ hours of epic.
Can I get a follow back?! :D .. Love you girls!!
lost 2.4 pounds since his last weigh-in! He's lost 18.4 pounds so far.
Cake cake cake cake <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>
The Numbers are Devastating: 1 in 100 in U.K.! Join us in the fight against Autism.
If not for the interstitial screens on Wells Fargo ATMs, I'd have no idea the Golden Gate Bridge's 75th anniversary is coming up.
Enjoyed the Valor Awards today. Amazing stories of first responders! Look for a photo gallery on the website.
Back in San Jose after long weekend in Richmond VA taking in some history and checking out the VA Film Festival.
oh my gosh this is awesome!!!!!! We LOVE THIS! thanks so much!
yes ma'am Raleigh!
Time for lunch at #sxsw sitting down to amazing burgers !
ill admit he's a good looking dude. Awkward that I would say that. Lol but Britt's more cuter ;D
U are hilarious ..u have way too much energy. . :-)
At least some good is coming out of the game lol RT : Getting shit faced courtesy of randy wolf. 8er = brandy shots.
having a few hours to kill between class/rehearsal and there are no practice rooms open. ever.
Wow. What a firkin! Sending myself home with some Headhunter. Thanks again
Good news ! the sun is out.....
The rain just woke me up. I think I'll stay up and listen :)! Rain in LA is a precious thing.
lunch break must be time for
Thanks for the retweet and follow! Sorry to hear about your coffee pot, not a good way to get through a Thursday :-/
So let me see - We started Free Agency in pursuit of Manning, and end it w/ no QB & No WR?
follow me?
RT": In order to get positive things, you got to remove the negatives."
I hope my girl made a full recover today. Out of control last night!
O LORD, Your plans for us are too numerous to list. If I tried to recite all your wonderful deeds, I would never come to the end of them.
: Thanks Ellie - it missed!
WE FOUND DEE! Super Cuts PIne Island and 84
Two UGA former athletes having an amazing sports day. 1st John Isner leading USA to Davis Cup victory & now Bubba Watson
at a sushi bar. yumm.
“A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on.” ~ Samuel Goldwyn
Apple Falls Over 10% in Ten Days
Sandy Acres.. blah!!
Ha. We can only hope.
Kaeppel's Corner: Apple Really Was Toast (or Wait, Maybe Not)
I see it all now that you're gone, don't you think I was too young to be messed with?
Still looking for the perfect #MothersDay brunch? I highly recommend for delicious crepes & pancakes to celebrate in style!
where are you?
sorry if I asked this already but can you follow me back?
Thank you. It will be that time soon enough. I don't know if wine would lead to stricter or more lenient assessment. . .
I STILL <3 Detroit.
$99 for a Full, Longer Enhanced Set of Novalash Eyelash Extensions at Pam’s Hair Design and Eyelash Extensions ($299 value)
Same goes for OJ Simpson
Thank you for sending that along. Literally.
This N*gga Trippin. He Was About 2 Let Me Roll His Weed In The stuoio. Ha Ha Ha ==>I don't Know Sh*t bout No Weed! LOL
You're welcome!!
Same to you... although I feel tomorrow might be more significant RT Happy 3 yr 364 day anniversary ! xxoo
irrationally proud of a suite of herring puns i just made IRL
alirght all...i've gotta get back to work tonight....thanks for the great convo!
please reply I know you have met keone young my dad is friends with him :) and can't wait for that episode btw :) :)
do you have another one of those stickers & im pretty much done with mine
“: #FF places I really enjoy #ROC ” Thanks
- totally disagree! you totally outsang Sorry
oh my! Hey babe! :D how r you?
AW thanks Antonia! Where can i find more abt your line? "Just discovered your blog & may I say it as well as you are lovely!"
40% of women have hurled footwear at men.
you too!! i hope you're staying out of trouble!! haha
and yes, it's the job of our government - the legislation was passed by Congress & signed by POTUS
hey get online where is everyone @
Hey Paul, we got it. Look forward to seeing you all tonight. Niall
I swear every time I hug milby he hugs me so tight I can barley breath ._.
The bank is still open according to Lavoy Allen
love you both
What is everybody doing tonight?
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU:):):):):):):) YOU MADE MY DAY!
y'all both need to focus on this paper and math test!!!
#newspaces4learning I'm here, too
needs to seriously reexamine blue/orange lines during rush hour!
What a beautiful evening for eating on the patio...and peeking in the window to keep an eye on the Brew Crew!
No weapon formed against me will prosper (and I do mean NO WEAPON)
If I'm coach, my players don't leave the gym until they make 100 free throws. I see you, Asik
I said I was going to Hinds graduation .. Ian know nobody graduating though .
It's not intimidation if it doesn't *intimidate.*
I hope you know I hate you </3
Thanks for #LeapAhead tweet!
Not sure what's more awesome. The snow, or the 10 ppl that just walked out of the coffee shop to line the streets and take pictures of it.
Thanks, we had a great time on our date! Marriage can still be great after 21 years!
bend over and I'll show you. #christmasvacation......Merry Christmas
Truly Powerful people don't explain why they want respect. They simply don't engage someone who doesn't give it.
Always glad to come back & I'll have more than enough to say about all of em, believe me. Hulk smash indeed.
" Don't get me started on the word 'curate' - content curator? Dog curator? Vintage clothing curator?
thanks for the shout out!
I followed her :)
People always said I liked to explore, but I bet they never thought I'd find 7 Blow Up Dolls in Saints Row: The Third.
As if my #mancrush couldn't get any bigger on KI RT Kyrie: "This isn't (just) for me but it's for the city of Cleveland."
Ok, that sucked! First day back to the gym after a two month Honeymoon! Can we say weak, fatigued and Humbled? Wow, HUMBLED!!!!
RT : Entrepreneurs need to remember that they are the CEO and not to follow every piece of advice.
Hi, NIki Sanders!
That game was boring, the commercials sucked and I've never been so full in my life
Thx, Agree. Really didn't even consider folding. Part of poker. Next. Gl if ur plyn Main Event.
Have a great day Tweets and Fbs! Good morning....
You feel lucky punk, huh, do ya?
I wonder if that is called consistently throughout the state
have a bless day remember can't anybody stop your shine but yourself #roadtosuccess HAPpy Birthday C.Brown love you!!
FREE reusable shopping bags and samples of healthy food - Go to on Magazine Street today from 12 to 2 pm
You'll never see me fall apart.
“: lawwwd yo mouth is flithy” u should hear it during a beerpong game .. It gets dirty lmao
RT R u kidding me? Im the reason the sun comes up in the morning! Why bees buzz! Im the New Black ! RT Who are you?
On the way to the Wisconsin Film Festival!
followed! follow back? :P
call backs call backs call backs
Monday now posted for member and picks will return to FREE tomorrow through Thursday! College hoops is on fire, BTW!
Never regret. If it’s good, it’s wonderful. If it’s bad, it’s experience.
Last year I got food poisoning a day after my birthday and this year I got it a day before my birthday. How weird is that!!
Happy Valentines Day!!
Looking forward to it!
I survived SnowmaNot2012!
going to my hometown for a few hours in a nice reminder of why the hell I got out of there in the first place
And since it will be rated R, I'll need an 18 year old friend to tag along with me when it comes out if Im not yet of age
Did you think you would say heifer on tv today? That coach was nasty!
I am being attacked everyday by some mental patient whom have convinced themselves there are no consquences in their actions
chicken n waffles....m
ok den, and yea I do
Happy Birthday Miranda! :]
rt Join us for a Women’s Leadership Soiree During Social Media Week DC (#smwwdc) bit.ly/yMylT2
dude idk what happened i remember us talking idk about what then i was at kenywood felt like i was on a mu fuckin spiny ride
What did you say?
It's so cold in TN right now. Hey in Murfreesboro, should we cover some icy chilling covers for Sept. 15th?
About to hit up google to refresh my memory LOL
Ive been very good. but i thought you didnt like me?
We couldn't do our jobs without them.
I won't, trust me. I'm so bored right now I can't wait to hear all about it! Lol
Listening to the new Nicki Minaj makes me feel like I am walking directly into strong winds. It's giving me anxiety.
The weekend is the perfect time to catch up! Start a facebook event, message all of your friends, you all are doing great. Keep it up! <3
it's okay, I dunno wethers to change my profile pic to one of me :L x
In business, reaching higher is good, unless it's a bank teller during a stickup.
Some folks know their iPhone 3GS is at their nearest UPS facility, but have to wait for Friday. My shipment tracker says mine's in Alaska!
Thank you for following us! maybe see you in soon?!
Thanks SO much for following! :)
Looking forward to learn more about designing for a better world tonight!
Insightful via Reid Hoffman : Young people need to think about their careers more like a business, & to think about their brand.
ooh yeah! RT : Yum! I think I'm gonna make that pork chop/apples recipe tonight.
uh oh :P
its silly, I liked it :)
Didn't have my phone on me, so no worries ;)
First order of business: Schedule a game with and whoop his ass.
So glad you were there! It was a blast!
that was in regards to the Microsoft comment
Barbie helps long-hidden sisters shine - Jakarta Post
RT : you'll be inspired after this session! Read your dh blog! He's one cool guy!
#Norway Ambassador receives applause after statement on human rights of young people on
": #20ThingsAboutMe 2) I get bullied in school." Ile kick there ass with you
Spell my name right, ASSHOLE.
Elana Fine of is the classiest of Class Acts and UMD runs great programs for entrepreneurs.
((peace and calm))
Never let a man control you
Great night at #ExactTarget holiday party....love
Today << fuck allergies!
Really? My friend told me the opener and main event were great.
R.I.P. Winehouse. Not really a shocker...
I love string 5tets, and I bet you will too. There are such good ones! Congrats, by the way.
People dancing off beat > people dancing on beat
Does Jackson Health Systems layoff announcement change the outlook for #healthcare and #research in #Miami?
Dee nuts RT : Yo did um what's his name get at you yesterday?
1st tweet of the week, welcoming our new followers , and !
Hello. You are already one of our resellers. Would love to help you promote with our products. Let us know how we can help!
awww thanks! I shook my ass and said the word penis, so maybe that had something to do with it? ;-)
YEAH BUDDY ! Leavinng for. I T A L I A today:D<3
Got . Thanks so much for coming!
Nope. Ill be turning it off & putting it up by 9:45. :/
Three tweets in one day? its a record
I played 'Daughters' for my mom and she started crying xx she says thank you! :)
#SO to my favorite Twitter couple & They're so f'n sweet! Follow them & you'll see what I mean. XOXO
Commission is discussing West LA congressional district.
Ask me if i care
Lol 2 funny and true": It would be awesome to have friends as committed to keeping in touch as much as bill collectors are"
If anyone hears of any nonprofit openings for community, campaign managers, Volunteer Coordinators, etc please let me know!
Question to Romney: how did the last time a mormon ran for president go?
at the house-what's up?
is the 181 tax deduction approved for 2012?
dont hate on me, 'cause i really do care.
I rather have a girl that acts innocent and silly or just being herself , than a girl that try's so hard act cute .
Orlando bound with Matt Acton Fan page tomorrow for the Europa Sports Products Expo... who's going to be there this weekend??
Yes what on earth ARE we going to do with all these unhidden collections?
new new new new new
I hate those pairs of jeans that get stretched out and baggy throughout the day
Ha. sheesh. I've got love for GA... but Mississippi is like my 2nd home. Been taking this trip for a decade.
People who never do any more than they get paid for never get paid for any more than they do Albert Hubbard
im goofy
starting to study for a Spanish test an hour before the test #procrastination problems
We need a #revolution - a #techrevolution. Who's with me?? ? I'm calling you out! Let's look to change our future ON OUR OWN!
Hey, wine lovers. Happy Hour tonight and every weeknight from 5-7. BOGO! Please RT!
Spending my day so far watching My Strange Addiction youtube videos on TLC's channel.
Nice to see up on twitter, facebook and looking good. Finally a wisc bank on social media with personality and good content.
#vsa2011 tip for doing visitor intercepts: Nervous? Pretend you're someone else! No one will know ;)
Having a serious Memoirs of a Geisha moment thanks to Kimono-come-baseball jackets are the new black.
Want to learn a French word? "Espirit d'escalier: When you think of the perfect verbal comeback... much too late." #merde #sacreBleu!
You're pumped?! Feel these nipples! RT : So PUMPED for this fight!!!!
That's a mandatory Twitter user maintenance function.
Breakfast was good, thanks!
what u doing
“Good men don’t need rules... Today is not the day to find out why I have so many."
RT : My sister tells me tonight that my radio is either always on or on GAC music videos lol.
did u go home yet
DAY 4<U+272A><U+272A><U+272A>TWITTER EXPERIMENT<U+272A><U+272A><U+272A> TOTAL TARGETED FOLLOWERS is now <U+272A>726 IN 4 Days<U+272A> 3 more days to get 274 FOLLOWERS! Going for 1000 in a week!
Harbaugh rematch because the Ravens match up well against the Patriots!
I was honored to refill 's water last night at EN
Looking forward to introducing clothing at the boutique soon!
No, these umps are racist. Seriously.
Bdmiche is a beast!!
sure! i can answer any questions at - Dan
Realizing that i might not need you, but i covet you just the same.
I use powerpoint because it's what i'm used to...we've been trying to convert over to keynote because we're so mac centric
Pinterest is ruining my interest in all-food blogs. Is this true with anyone else?
Is anyone going anywhere fun this summer?
I think the white zombie violet has trouble getting enough energy. It must be like a miniature.
The Spring Meeting is this weekend, featuring Saturday Award Ceremony. Congrats to winners and others
Music Selection is the Key! What audience are you performing for? (you
I am supposed to be writing reports... I really am tired of looking at numbers and stuff tho.
I'm watching Anger Management with Adam Sandler & Jack Nicholson. I'm finding Jack's character very agravating. Do I need therapy?
I don't really like cupcakes.
of course:)
Feeling out of sorts today - I need to focus and make a plan - any suggestions to do this?
what room are you in bode?
The National Parks might be closed, but I've pitched a tent for you right here.
I just saw two robots kiss
only way yall can defend nicki is by doggin kim yall can't drag me cuz I'm not a kim stan I'm just anti nicki anti wack artist!
There is a timing for all things in our lives, and there is safety in being in God<U+75F4> perfect timing
performance was awesome! Waiting for the voting
Today would have been my grandma's 110th birthday. Happy Birthday, Nannie!
Would love to partner with your group on our fundraiser for Congo on 3/17 at the Ritz. Can you dm me or inbox me on Facebook?
saw Gino at work today :D
ha just thought I'd show a little live real quick lol<U+263A>
#thatminiheartattackwhen you hope the crown does not fall off
might as well make a post or instagram/twitpic them
"see ya, blondie." someone just said that to me.
TGIF....but when you love what you are doing, does it really matter? Its just another day.
Taking my Mom shopping 4 her 1st gr8tgrandsons high school graduation! Imma proud G-ma!
although GMPM alert was delayed those who held into our prepromo release we our now up 140% great job traders
are you getting responses on that "offensive" query? Cuz they're probably illegal.
chillin pool side after a busy week!
RT : Thank you for opposing SOPA and supporting the 1st amendment. Please keep the internet OPEN.
Mia is definitely the best dancer of all time #DanceMomsMiami rules because of the Queen of Dance
Pavement Poetry: Dawn &amp; Barbie
Amazing concert ,had a great time c:
HEY. The CONSPIRACY HAD BEGUN AGAINST BEACH BOY RAD! I can't respond on FACEBOOK! CHEAP SHOT! LAUGH IT UP BOY BAND!
Need a new brand of jeans. Not too fancy or expensive. Suggestions?
Work today, practice tonight! Gearin up for the show on Monday at 12th and Porter with our friends !
New England's beast<U+2764> (;
Do any art & design programs hold online portfolio shows? That seems like it would be a very modern thing to do.
WTF dis dude ova here watchin mindless behavior videos ^.^
Introductions underway We are running *ahead* of schedule!
Never works out
The part a bunch of folks appear to ignore!
Don't #underestimate the power of marketing
Open Houses In Boston Today all 12pm to 1pm @ 274 Beacon St, 9 Worcester St and 113 Comm Ave- stop by
Take a good look at your life......make it count,see life as a good thing to be lived fully
i read that as
They won't stop with Jeopardy. Pretty soon they'll doing your job, making love to your wife, watching the game with your poker buddies...
30 feels so close...
RT : Early warning is drawing leadership attention to pre-diagnosed specific events with foreseen possible implications
can you download the app some how?(:
Please don't tell me Monster's Inc Two is really coming out in November....SOMEBODY KILL ME. Why must they ruin every great Disney movie!?
: they'll get it later!
studio last night was so good another #banger real talk! so excited!!!
The G.O.A.T ll cool j
Carlós Beltran with 2 Home Runs, and a Triple tonight. 12 HR's for the season. Machine like. The Cardinals are fun to watch.
I would rather my apartment be infested with stray dogs than roaches...plus theyre easier to kill. All you need is a shovel.
Got too much on the line and little time to waste. If you can't speed up the process then get out my way.
What are you talking about, ?
Thanks much for the follow!
Congratulations to our PawPrint Editor, ! Amy won 1st Place Entertainment Story at the Ind. Collegiate Press Association Conf.
I couldn't tell last night if that #heavyrain was real or just part of a very immersive gameplay experience.
I love when he pops up in stuff.
I think Lauren knows she's history on tonight.
City Pages, very respectably, said it was St. Anthony Falls.
Glad they both have a job though...elsewhere!
Just decline the game
www.thesportsland.com ...sports fans this site is for you! create a profile and let your voice be heard! All sports all the time..
so lets not dread on all those things we should have said and piece by piece they can pick you up off my floor(:
hey! follow back
We got this ol crazy as indian in here..dont nobody kno wtf he be talkin bout
Blake Griffin's dunk over the Kia...now that's some creative and effective product placement!
For #FF: with all the buzz about #kony2012 here are some other great #nonprofits working in #Africa:
hey wuts up
Bryan LaHair is a beast.
Words, words, words. All in a day of writing.
Oo come on denver
I liked when teams just chose one player to wear No. 42 to honor Robinson. Simple and classy.
Yeaa i juss made myself a Bomb! ass meal..... where tha hookah at?
hiya :) when is the People's Choice winner finalized? on the 28th like other awards or right on March 6th? thanks!
Make conscious effort to cut down on "ums" and "uhs." Way more noticeable in phone interviews. Good luck!! :)
Save the date.
Jolene is everything I hate about the "new" Jungle. I used to listed religiously. Now once or twice a week.
Wow! What do I need to do to get some attention on Twitter? Set myself on fire? Why even bother, I can only do that once! Lol!
And to be practical, this would set them up for life. They could choose what to do from now on.
Wow what a horrible night that was. Got like 2 hours of sleep :/
Terrible shot
Thanks for the mention #AlexanderInt conceptBAIT
Don't make me think about her smile
Huge thank you to our wonderful sponsor, , for the amazing prizes and for supporting so many inspired moms!
thanks for the S/O!
Yes, kuler works in Safari.
Favorite #superbowl ads were #chevy and #twinkies, #m&m's and #doritos. Most car and beverage ads missed the mark
thank you! What a journey! Deposit was a wild goose chase but it was worth it.
Well ....The suspense is killing us!
Strange. Not a single attribution in this story. Did this come str8 from horse's mouth (i.e., Papa Doug)?
that better be a lie cause boy #angel amma beat yo ass ! and that a goo
heading to NY for Internet Week next week -- hit me up if you're going to be around.
One way to run into old Oklahomies in a new city - is to wear your "Home Sweet Homa" Tee.
Cause I'm broken when I'm lonesome
GOD BLESS! Lmao
I've been up! Lol salon thuggin and running errands
it can't be a very well kept secret now can it?
Congrats Grads!
Learn more about the business opportunit with 5 LINX. Check out www.5linx/diamondpower. Cynthia Harris
I bet the refs are really stupid nowadaysN who did you play against??
Today! has live music starting at 5:30 with
its all good love u beautiful inside and out
Listening to Disney movie soundtracks
we really did it thus time
1st day cataloging and 'papercut'...quick...must order super cute bandages.
i can't tomorrow but Wed. would work!
You all enjoy your black Friday, just please let me get some coffee quickly on my way home.
Ah!!! There's a bug in my food
hahaaa love you both goodnight J
How the fuck did my older cousin find my instagram.
You're welcome, Gina :)
Production SQL DBA in South Florida who can start tomorrow!!!
If you are unhappy with an app, you'll tell 11 people; if you are happy, you'll tell 5. Gary Pope
miss you too boo! Let's hang!
...and throw away the key.
PS TikiDolls, we will be posting our Fall Collection Photos tomorrow! Stay fashionable even in your sweetest dreams! (:
You don't realize how strong a person really is until you see them at their weakest moment. -Unknown Author
you are so wonderful; the perfect mom
Brain Floss: Guiness Book says The record for the most teeth in the mouth is shared by an Indian man and Italian man, each with 35 teeth.
couldn't he have just had his little brother sneak one out of the plant for him
please tell me you're counting down a new single. I need a beat to ride.
My neighbor's so nice. He gave me Jameson and a tour of his apartment. Then Karma tried to eat his tiny dog. I don't think I'm invited back.
Pretty please follow me? :) Before you get anymore followers and it becomes imoossible? Haha :))
“: Sixers worst team in nba going to the line in regular season. Getting to The line this series making a difference”HELL YEAH
Please keep the lead
That's an extensive chalkboard menu they've got there
it's friday friday, gotta get down on friday
Taxes are done! Woo woo!
Just clicked on a Tumblr w/ autoplay music. 1994 called and it wants its MIDI jukebox back.
are you serious....?
UN Sec-Gen Ban appoints Major General Robert Mood of Norway as Chief Mil Observer & Head of Mission for the UN Supervision Mission in Syria.
orst day ever
is there a twitter handle for the reserves? We can't find it!
oh awesome! :D
she will be okay.. is a fun place to party.
*high five* *fist bumps* *fireworks*
Sometimes, heavy metal is better than coffee.
First day of classes at my new job. Sending well wishes to all who are beginning their fall semester!
My roommate is a Lizard and is crawling on my ceiling. She's always trying to sell me insurance.
ah I see! well then, I am so sorry!! ;)
Fuck Is Good With All These Niggaz Wanting To Be Me Thooo??? Getchu A New Role Model Sheeeezzzzz
i guess i wasn't online enough for FB and i'm working on getting better with tweets
just picked up 'flocommercials.com' thanks for the inspiration! should be pretty #progressive !
not even planned. Goodness.
iTunes Match activated. I've got songs that need upgrading.
I'm watching for the first time.
good luck, where at?
Just got Chipotle for free...nice
yeah, and I couldn't resist getting between them to make a sandwich. Is that wrong? Lol
Are you arranging or planning to see the exhibit? Or both?! :D
When did Ewan McGregor turn into Kenneth Branagh?
e'ry morning it's my alarm. "Everyday I'm hustlin" Rick Ross
Digging the ease of using Selenium WebDriver + jetty plugin + failsafe plugin on a app. Must.write.add-on.
#grateful for new apartment, new roommates, new commute, same jobs, and a desperately needed week off!
: So cute, Supal!
Holy fuck! Stop taking shit out I'm going to punch you I am beyond annoyed.
Can u help me ?
lol. You always cheer for weird teams.
oh Barry... Ur not suppose to drink the whole thing. sounds like u need some taters, eggs and bacon ... W/ red beer :-)
I finnaly got a girl where my freinds dont say "you can do better than that Johnny"
This is not gonna end well.
Homegrown programmable electronics for your clothing?! Welcome to the future w/arduino boards.
My husband was just elected to his second term in office!
welp.... get up n be productive silly
My mom's gonna buy me Proactive! :D
Beautiful work with dancers.
haha we included that picture in our article by that's currently our top story.
I don't know , which is funny because we've worked "together" a zillion times!
#oomf is so fuckin sexy , ugh i wanna tell 'EM !
Visiting Chicago soon and need a place to "park it"? Read why CS Modern Luxury recommends Hotel Lincoln - a Joie de Vivre Hotel...
Sabino Canyon is truly one of Tucson's treasures. Did you hike to 7falls?
RT : God is good
Enrollment isn't a problem, but housing is. Quality of enrolled driven by quality of academics. Athletics just drives volume.
please follow me. i love you guys.
Startup idea: Social network for the Amish.
“: If Zimmerman is missing they need to send the Student Loan people to find him...If Sallie Mae cant find him... HE IS DEAD” lmao
Waking up tomorrow and I'm going to Wizarding World of Harry Potter
I been tryna find out since Monday...
just a busy day at work and then my ex's dad took Emmy to the beach and they went "missing" for about 90 minutes. I freaked!!!
were you and inside when it broke down? I wanna be stuck in the Indy skeleton room to see Bones.
“: When I am enabled to act with love, God will take care of my feelings. -The Rock That is Higher”
everyone follow!!!
Is #tincup trending yet?
I can't get past all the boys it brought to the yard.
Any last words?
Omg! The Star Wars Kid is practicing spinning back kicks on the punching bags at my gym! Haha.
Speed jerkin'
Now if we can only get a copy to FLOTUS! RT 5 of 5 stars is right! Beautiful book from Rene and
wanna hear a joke? :)$
HOW WAS SPIDERMAN IN THE DARK?
Too much chatter in back seat on drive home from our micro Spring Break. Shutting them up with gumdrops and M&Ms.
thx for the follow Joe!
Got it--he was screaming at the Marriott by phone, not in it. I was gonna say, the Chillton was not a Marriott.
Happy Earth Day!! <3
Its sad wen people stop fuckin with u for no resume or can't tell you why
Toy story 1,2and 3with the kids today in a row.
The Shreveport Times >> Florida QB John Brantley won't play against LSU This could be a huge advantage when we play them.
great time.
I hate when people ignorantly make statements about gays and bisexuals. People are so rude & judgmental.
She already know what it is when we together
cuz i love him alot and i want him to be with me forever!
Online now :)
thanks for the retweettttttttttttt...
Is there a good New Mexican or Southwest Style Mexican Food restraurant in HOUSTON? Craving Green Chili New Mexico Style!
Oh lord, I just got 7 hours of fresh air and exercise. I am going to sleep like a thing that sleeps really well. Bedtime is now?
Today's affirmation: I release any desperation and allow love to find me
LOVE YOU! PEACE OUT!
It's crazy how I care so much do so much & not one person shows appreciation it's crazy
19.26 is oustanding! I don't want to jump to any accusations so congrats to Blake.
haha! Nah, I understood what you meant rather than what you said. :P
I'm going to embroider some dish towels with vintage transfers!
no it's not that - i like to follow people back and now I can't and so many have unfollowed me ?bc i tweet so much?
Sitting naked in bed tweeting hmu.
Proud to host Jaron Lanier at #PdF12: virtual reality pioneer, #web20 critic & author ("You Are Not a Gadget"). Also great musician!
I don't think "Levels" will ever get old...
we love our vet...maple small animal hospital
Happy Birthday to the best PG in the country from members of the BBN in Dallas.
Thanks 4 mention! You offered a lot of great input; glad you could make it!
You never know! Think positively! Four chances to win, drawing at end of the day!
There is beauty all around us. We must take care to listen, watch and feel...
Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and diligence
sadly not, but what zip code are you in? I know some agents out there and can send you their way!
I'm just setting this what's going on I'm in queens
You are very powerful, provided you know how powerful you are. Know your self worth!
thank you for the follow
4 Loko's been banned in WA since Wednesday, so I've resorted to filling my bathtub daily with maxwell house coffee and St. Ides
bring back Good Eats #foodnetwork ! I need the help with my chemistry homework.
Ha! I did not know there was such a thing. What would a negro locket hold? A very tiny mule & 40 mini acres?
just drove back into town for the deluge.
I think everyone who works at Plaid Pantry should wear full body plaid jumpsuits
back up home visiting with my dad, then back off tomorrow to boston for work
When people blame shit on drugs, no. It's your own fucking fault . Stop with the excuses
tonight's the #DEXTER season six premiere!
Did you guys hear about the bee that can spell? Yeah, apparently he has ESP and can fight for 20 rounds
Height 6 deuce
Woman next to me tearing up at Nancy Sommers talk evoking Trixie Helden stories. Testament to Evocative power of digital stories.
you got it! & thank you!! Hay are we on eachothers Facebook ? Feel free to send me an add if we aren't yet already lol
Sorry if I offended or annoyed. :/ Be well. Be wonderful.
The second you think you're better than everyone, is the second you lose your humanity. We're all on this blue speck together.
well done!
True story. Hopefully this bad luck will wear off by next month! It would be a long walk to Vegas!
honestly you should have a blog. Shit is too funny. Might as well I tune in all the time. I'd sponsor it
I'll do that. Thank you
Mario's in Capitol Hill is delicious pizza. If you're in Seattle you should try it.
So im off today wats poppin
On The Other Side. I Can't Wait To Start Working. :D
I do not believe the next areas have been announced, but will be soon. City will directly notify your household.
Please follow me! xx (:
TGIF! headed to the bay after work
so annoying!
Badgers? We don't need no stinking badgers!!!
Thanks for the Follow!
Where my nigga Jenny At?!
Some people were not meant to be in your life forever, so cherish every moment you have with them now
It's like this is the generation of the "/". Where the hell did all these rapper/photographer/model/producer/blogger ass niggas come from?
I'M FEATURED IN 2 COMMERCIALS for Dramatic Health: two 3-part series....one on my anger story and the other on my cancer story. Chk em out!
Jonathan Ogden named to college football hall of fame. Played college ball at UCLA before being taken by Ravens with 4th overall pick in 96
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying,"I will try again tomorrow." Mary A Radmacher
CALL ME! ASAP, I GOT TO ASK YOU SOMETHING!!
good... bones precisions are sweet.. Reds are nice too. Ugh. Piere stopped by my place today..he's making me bitchy.
Lol, just a friendly PSA from & I!
Flyer forth coming?
*Skyscraper= Story Of My Life, #ThankYouDemi !<3
oh well wat school u go 2
RT : HOW TO TRAIN YOUR DRAGON Free Family Film 7/23 at 10 AM
follow back :)
baton rouge here how bout youself
please with me a happy birthday today it would really mean a lot
So the Diamondbacks have a Putz pitching on Yom Kippur? Maybe Ryan Braun will make him atone for a bad pitch.
make me a taco bitch <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Awesome piece by Reminds me of James Madison Park in Wis, where I saw a dude talk on cell, dribble and smoke a joint at same time.
Awesome! Thanks!
Turn on the World Series, this is true drama
My mom too, she is like OK NEXT LOL well lots of luck let me know when you do. I would def help if I was there :)
I cant believe my boy #DerekRose is outta the playoffs smh. Wat a lost.
do you want a white kid on a schoolbus? or a wapple?
We increase whatever we praise. The whole creation responds to praise, and is glad. -Charles Fillmore
On my way to Rockford....#followmeback!!!!!!!!
thanks for the follow + yum!
Wow awesome job! :) nice
#socialismineightwords are you kidding me? what were you thinking?
"So are you in junior high or high school?" <--- a serious question that I was just asked
what's up lady?
You know what happened Last Year : Steak & Fries ALL DAY with
Started my daily "Tebowing" against Eli "the bitch" Manning winning another ring. I'd give everything I own to bitch slap him him just once.
I had beignets at Cafe Du Monde... DeeeeLISH. and right before bed, no less.
A3 Keeping your head down focused on tasks leads to missed opportunities. Q3 What are consequences of Marketing treadmills?
This is my argument
Ready for my first day as an intern tomorrow.
been lookin 4 the music man what it do?
#Blog #Tip: When you watch commercials, you can learn how to grab your reader's attention.
follow me !!
The only word to describe my day: "Really?"
• PLEASE will you tell me why it's abbreviated R? I've asked everybody and nobody will tell me.
Follow me maybe? And yay you finally got a twitter
AND BALLS THAT FUCKING HATE YOU FOR ALL ITS WORTH
RT : Get me pregnant, so I know it's real.
spent a really long time making "An Oversimp/Her Beauty." It was worth it. Beautiful film.
agreed I actually liked her audition now she is just weird lol :)
I wish! You should see my mini fridge. No freezer to speak of :( There is an ice machine at the other end of the hall though!
#casting looking to work with casting directors w/ breakdowns and to feature their workshops and seminars to our clients
Sustainable seafood #forthewin! It was great meeting you at the Fancy Food Show.
I'm glad to hear that. I cannot wait to read what you can write.
...as for Sine Die, every time I see it I can't help but think "There has got to be a better way to do this"
Agree! :You've gotta hand it to the country music crowd: they don't seem to have body dysmorphic disorder issues. Healthy mindsets.
Hard work pays off, don't let anyone tell you different.
#ThankYouGeo trend it
Valuable life skill learned as a percussionist #102: if what you want doesn't exist, go to the hardware store and make it.
the way they are struggling versus the magic is sad
Love seeing all the peeps eating outside on Park Ave. Wish it was like that in my hood. Anyone wanna sit outside of Little Caesars with me?
Thanks for sharing that opinion piece, Mary. Great perspective to remember.
How lame Your contact form only takes 50 chars for account-related inquiries?! Only tells you after you enter too many.
I know u actually want to say "obsessing over my imagined arm hair"
interviews with NFL coaches immediately before they head to the locker room at the half
i'll keep holding on.
I sure wish I could be there, but I know it's gonna be a great experience!!!
Thanks xoxo“: wow just seen your morning picture, stunning!”
And no, I am not 'spitting', I am recording vocals. Thank you.
Just got back from Austin's. It was fun but something was different. It was...interesting.
Breaking news? RT : BREAKING: California parole board denies mass murderer Charles Manson's bid for freedom.
Excellent! Sounds like a plan....Love the fact it has actual clotted cream... yum... :) Do you miss England?
10% OFF Jersey Mike's! Only w/ a
If I was down would you say things to make me smile?
#Madonna still rocks it
I had lots of people hate me love me and cherish me
I don't like the fact that both your shows are on at the same time
i have a job interview @ taco bell wed @ 230 yea for me
I know! Even I am excited haha!
Android App inventor was fun, should get back into the #MIT version
Protip - if it raining and you have your wipers on turn your lights on too.
Travel Blog process is going slowly! Meeting with the Graphic Designer this Friday... might want to start writing some content soon! Tips?
Good morning to you! Make the most of this new day and bring a little sunshine into it with your open heart and a big smile! ~:o)
Hanley mother f'ing Ramirez!
man now you kno I gotta a phone
oh ok. I knew it wasn't too long after I left
I told my doctor I broke my leg in two places
"My ego is too big to be offended." - A Very Wise Man
Observing my first client meeting at and is a master!
One of the things I always look forward to online conferences: great music during breaks.
as soon as I can get a day off during the week it will be soon I can tell you that
I am! Getting better!
I'm frikin bored and hot too! So I went to the gym nigga!
I know now what I want to be doing.. and even more importantly the 'why' behind it. Can't wait to finish with the move & get set up again..
Celebrating Mother's Day in the #410 today...I miss the relative calmness of the Baltimore beltway
#UseTwitterNameInSentence I am a BSBnFOBnAdamGrl :-) That was easy!
From one who has made the MPLS-->SF journey, Minneapolis loves you back!
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood.
so true about being a soft skill... something to think about that is for sure!
I bought her 4 rings thought shed be ridin Audi
aww thanks Bro! and sometimes when I watch Rachel tributes your videos are featured ones too :) so that's cool too :)
Order pizza. Get beer. Turn on music. Pack your shiz baby, it's spring break!
then you are not qualified to be president. haha
Amen to that. Canon and RED have the market on lockdown
stay home and sleep in the sun? Me too!!
Omg nice(: I Got Uggs Too!! UMM.. Justin Bieber Perfume gift set(so the lotion&&the perfume&&the mini one) Lots of Aero(:
why cant u do it by yourself?
I tried twice, couldn't get into it. I like some of his other/older non-fantasy work a lot though. Armaggendon Rag, Fever Dream
We're at the Red Stick Farmers Market this morning. Come take a picture with Huey Long!
Can you get them anywhere now? My wife says they're holiday only, and we're DOWN TO OUR LAST BAG. they are highly addictive.
go bunnies! You are rocking the fundraising! See you there!
thanks love bug, not as cute as u
you LOVE it. You know you do!! xo. I'll be at Union Sq.
did u get booed at this one?!?! Haha
Most Def Bra
RT : Why is a 3% tax increase on the richest considered "socialism" but a 14% pay cut on the middle class is "doing your part?"
Jeri, this time they blogged equivocal compliment
That view is not quite as nice as the last one.
"can we listen to the Enya version?" words I never want to hear again in a seminar (in this case, hilarious)
Chris Paul running around in the paint playing magician just makes me hate David Stern even more.
RT : VDAY SPECIAL! Every rider gets Epic Cookies & ltd edition VDAY card by local artist Joey Nix <3
"Cheers" to businesses who truly care for their customers!
toi x3 resembles the sound of spitting - still superstition of warding off demons - at least what I was taught in music school!
Sorry if I didn't get to everyone but I will. Keep shouting me out and I got u...Goodnite
Kate! I love to love you already! Wrote outlines/ideas for books when I worked at The Limited in high school! Cheers xo
Oh man..
The others have developed scabies. A murder of crows is circling the car. We have gone stir crazy.
Save the date: 9/2-9/5 for a multi-genre event: “Alien Encounters:Speculative & Imaginative Fiction by Writers of Color” www.afpls.org/aarl
Undergrads - Today is the deadline for completion of incomplete work from Fall Semester 2011 and Winter Session 2012.
Omg, Rocky won't shutup.
yes I am.
Postcards- the original tweet!
i can't change the world but i can change the world in me.
Friends are awesome!!
you in town?
Excellent papers on superhero comics' race troubles at
TOPFLIGHT Papergame would like to introduce and SALUTE our 1st female artist...Nika J...SALUTE!!!
that boat was the fucking shit.
ewwww. that stuff smells... :D
Just watched a really good documentery on HBO called "Last Truck: Closing/ GM Plant" we have to buy American Made products. Boycott Wal- ...
ill never look at those Geico commercials the same again
"Shes such a greasy girl." -
can you dig it?
Tweet something Walsh. Make it official.
Children are the best teachers of creativity, persistence and unconditional love.
I'm a pretty big fan of , , (& , although different). Makes me wish I had more money.
Even if the MVA had me listed as a man from 2004-2006?
Any hints on getting gallery repped in NYC?
How is NewEngland's Def against the run? Like Felix going to be effective? Or "The Best" going to keep SanFran backpeddling?
I'm going off the grid for the next few days. Internet, behave yourself while I'm gone.
cause she's in love with me....
Baby the way that you light up my world gets me over welmed.
So excited for Mike and Ash tonight! Meeting at the tour busses for vocal warm ups! Thank you, RF!!! You're the best!
you aren't allowed to follow me:P jk lol
but ill always have love for her, she as my first sweetheart
Wow. That sounds out of this world. In Orbit, even.
Please keep the Gant family in your prayers.
you too?! :o now it's a party !
Digital Painting workshop with Corel Painter 11 started yesterday. Students are painting portraits-we'll post pics on friday!
Ah!!! I haven't seen The Avengers yet and these ppl at Java Mama are totally talking about it!!! No!!
not everyone is as lucky as you James.
I'm never going to be a movie star. But then, in all probability, Liz Taylor is never going to teach first and second grade.
“: Getting my gear packed up for my show tonight #lovemylife” Have fun! I'll make it to a show again some day. I miss y'all!
Thanks Anastasiya. Have a great day!
Banning mobile device use in cars would be even less successful than prohibition was.
dre was amazing. Played outta his mind tonight. Fed the monster them oops all night long!!
A quote from an interview with the late Charles Bukowski
thanks for the surf
Flower Garden Ideas PicturesHome Improvement Tips - pictures of flower beds
ur both talented and lovely but I should stick to one at a time - will still admire u from afar tho
alright ill do that thanks(:
Do not feel lonely, the entire universe is inside you.
I need to go swimsuit shopping ASAP.
"Like us" on Facebook!!!!!
Oh no, almost caused a very very bad coffee/mouth explosion due to the "Taint of America" comment.
so lucky, the day after I get back from Paris I leave to brazil though, the motherland lol
So glad was saved!!! She's my fave!
my deepest apologies... Must be a tough way to start a weekend
RT : Free, Tip-based, Walking Tours with this Wknd! Explore Capitol Hill, Pennsylvania Ave and Big 5 Memorials!...
I knew fish would come up big in the playoffs
Power nap before sundown...my weekend begins tonight.
I highly dislike Ceelo Green
Don't think I've seen you in 10+ years, but I do remember that you went to RIT (I was at UR). Attending ? I am.
I have supported you from ur VP run & still do. I say the Tea Party is the" Voice" of "The People" u say it's a Movement?
Yay! #MadMen have returned!
hey there! Thanks - getting better every day! How r u? ~michael
love my collard greens sauteed with thick strips of bacon, garlic and a little bit of olive oil. how do u prepare ur collards? -lisa
Hi there -- just wondering, do you go by the name Beau?
Aw Why thank you ;)
Nice!! RT : RT “: Congratulations to Taj Gibson named to USA select team”
"She would say yeah, let's screw!"
And now there is Pinterest spam. Awesome.
The fact that I've been hunting for hotels for the past three hours makes me hate life.
Mark de Clive-Lowe just killed the first set ! Packed house ! is on now
RT : 155 IN and KY artisans and foodists, plus local music & art demos...it's all at the #INArtisan Marketplace this weekend!
My tumblr crush just liked my picture. Someone hold me.
Good Morning to you too!!! Have a great day!!
haha yeah same thank you !!
When isn't tying his skinny ties he reads the ! Is there a coincidence?
Grilled pork featured in Cuban dish
it would be great if ya'll could help. iLike this girl but am afraid if we go out and it ends we won't be so much as friends anymore.Advice?
Sad to be reading all the #marac tweets, wish I could be there! Too bad Georgia isn't the Mid-Atlantic.
Internet down all day today. Sunny, warm Friday afternoon in October- could be the last of the year. The next few hours are going to be hard
Bye SD it's been real brah
love the commitment to improving eduction in SD. City Year was a vital resource for students at the school I taught at in LA
Prolific = producing much fruit or foliage or many offspring
yep, real well. It was awesome!
I've been calling to see if u wanna go dress shopping with me for the wedding...so yah, thanks for picking up :-)
~ Hey Bro, trying to catch up with you...it's been TOO L O N G! I'm easy to find! Google me, #s all over the place!
Derby Road Greyhound Race Tri Super carryover currently stands at $19,298.00 and growing!
"I'm going to remember who this artist is, I swear." "Is he contemporary, or dead?"
HALL OF PAIN is trendin cuz Mark Henry said it on WWE Raw
Thanks! for allowing our CineCityJax members to be the jury for the final performance of 'The Night Of January 16th'
The day I made that statement, about the inventing the internet, I was tired because I'd been up all night inventing the Camcorder
Win a copy of “The BugaBees” #book sequel “The BugyBops: Friends for All Time” by
Being a wingwoman is hard work. Do NOT want to talk to this guy. God friend alert.
its money out here...u just have to stay focused & get it!
Also, we never figured out which city we built on rock n' roll.
@ me @ my twitter name so i know it real!
Number of African Americans with jobs
RT : The new logo is here! Thanks to Dave Green for his help in making it a professional-looking type logo!
Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest. ~Mark Twain
THE BUZZ IS OUT!!! THE #AKA's ARE READY TO GIVE YOU A #SweetDream mixed with #SweetIndulgence this FRIDAY @
I'm following you
yet?....chile please
Writing creating riffs n sounds till da wee hours of da morning lol
Are people really on this thing?
Feed #tarantula sparingly, gut-loaded crickets, supplement with other insects. ~once/week. Never feed wild-caught bug for fear of pesticides
check out and come to the triple rock on 11.11. Taste of India in st.Louis park was bad (same owners I think)
I have not seen Peter Dinklage since he was on Threshold.
I'll never give up...
I robbed an Indian casino dressed as a pilgrim. (It's cool, I'm one quarter Sioux. So, lick the hairy sides of my cock.)
christmas time=an eating fest.
Pacers are hoopin.
Weekend Brunch Special- “Eggs Benedict”- poached eggs on Provence minicroissants with smoked ham, hollandaise and rosemary potatoes. $12.50
Do you run when you are sick? With a cold? Or skip?
Final: RI Riveters 110, Carolina Roller Girls 111. Thanks to the for coming to RI!
Well, clearly part of the fun will be trying to figure out the best combo. If you test yours, e.g., I will show up fork in hand.
omg. is she really dating HIM?! wow.
Trying not to think about grills. It's hard. *sniff*
Ate the mothafuckin' house down. (crosses arms and nods once)
does it look like he is swinging all arms or is that my imagination?
I wish I could wake up to the beach and warm weather everyday !
Happy Pi Day!
Our base runners suck at stealing bases and our catchers suck at throwing base runners out.
What is your legal responsibility for waving another driver to turn?
There's a Car2Go outside of Thurston, I have nothing to do today. Perfect conditions for an adventure!
Its going good, just chillen ! && you?
Thanks for the RT Lauren! (Lee)
When you have shacked with every groupie on campus
Took something off it and has been pitting pitches up. That's a BP pitch. Too bad for him in impossible situation
Possibly! It always depends on who will pick up an article but I'd be delighted to talk. DM me with more info.
Will pass the msg on, p.s. you all should join us for Thirsty Thursday here at the WH (we call it #OccuyTequila)
Thank you for all your support!
Liz is on the money. Out of the box is books and sections. Then you get more specific.
And thats one of the many reasons why we love you! :) #GOTHUNDER !!
“Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done.” ~Louis D. Brandeis
dude I need it
I'm so sorry, you have a boyfriend and 5 guys lining up to date you, and you don't know what to do. Your life is SO hard. :\
Took cover from the rain at a bar on Congress and found myself in hipster hell
Fucking whatever... I'm done with about fucking everything...
People watching continues to be one of my favorite activities
its a crappy thing when another band destroys ur equipment and doesnt man up and pay for it
Its still early
Lessee: already 20 points behind at the end of the first quarter. Awesome.
haha something about you being a cheap date.
TAKE GOOD SELF CARE: • soak feet in epsom salts • do gentle yoga • sip herbal tea • sleep • walk in the woods • raw honey facial
Beautiful day for the #KefirTruck! Thanks !
What's the verdict, Mike? Did we do okay on the #CBC12 #SanDiego Pale Ale?
- When should I come in for some delicious wings & rings? My apologies for the delay.
I hate it when people pretend to be & it's so stupid OMFG people just be you it aint tht hard to be yourself
My love affair with ice pops is back on.
I miss you<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
RT : My friend David had his ID stolen yesterday. We just call him Dav now
maybe >.> I don't need that much attention as long as you're listening to me and/or checking me out at all times. That's it
I'm not sure if I can love Mr. Steward anymore. I know I drive him bananas...
If you want the best seat in the house, move the dog.
Can't wait to meet the beautiful , the lovely and the amazing in sept at the ball xx
What I said earlier was no wonder you puked your guts up if you drank Baltimore Zoos.
Whenever I Get Giftcards, I Just Blow That Shit, I Don't Care What I Buy, Ain't My Money Lls
10/10/10...cross/plus...have a great day.
"DO YOU WANT TO SHARE THAT WITH THE WHOLE CLASS?!" No, thats why I whispered it.
Joe! What? Joe! What? Come on I said what.
congrats on the new job at UCI! i used to listen to KUCI a lot when i was an undergrad!
Steven Tyler will release his tax returns on Tuesday.
RaeLynn is exceptionally average even by corner karaoke standards, how does make that call?
Can't wait to visit UCA this weekend and see some of my people!
This walk home is soo refreshing :)
well she has twitter and she's mad at me because I told her " I can't talk now I'm busy" and she called me a "you know"
OMG please lie naked in a pile to worship #SuperMoon What could be more NewOrleans than that??!
...is working on the next big thing - revolutionary pricing, #hadoop integration, fastest #analytics platform in the world... what's next?
Elaine and Stacey both deserve to go through, they're both great!
It's funny how i know what's gonna happen sometimes... maybe it's just that gut feeling
Just thought I'd tweet hello! Have a good day y'all!
All proceeds from our "Shaker's CD" go to the Brian Grant Foundation! Come and get yours while they last, $10 at
Professional contact, in the third person, announcing that he will be going on a splendid vacation for the next two weeks =
RT : Just saw a black guy and thought it was again.
"Im a lover, not a fighter" -Diablo Gato/Furry Lover/Chupacabra or well known as Puss In Boots- Lolz...
Enjoying a nice afternoon in Beverly Hills...
We are thinking of adding smoking cessation products to our upcoming website...What do you think? Please give feedback..
Can't wait! You always make me laugh (': <3
Welcome Ryan! We are happy to have you in MI. #BodybyViLove RT : Welcome to the D! :)
It was WONDERFUL seeing you, darling daughter! I had a great day with my peeps even if I was le injured lol.
I'm all about multiple shades of pink!
Yesterday is over its a different day .
If you list us on Twitter you will be able to follow us every where! We will be in #Downtown #SanJose #sanpedrosquare every Friday 9amto1pm
Cocktail of the day - Godfather. 1) Pour Scotch whisky (1.5oz) and amaretto (0.5oz) into a rocks glass with ice cubes. 2) Stir well.
This is some of the worst refereeing I have seen in awhile
Wait a second, this isn't the line for "Avatar" ...
I just brushed my teeth, but I want chocolate now
Once you have learned to love,
Now that REVENGE is on Sunday, I guess I should catch up on ONCE UPON A TIME before next season starts.
Poker is not a game its a lifestyle choice....
i'm in 'the country'. Way north of green bay. The open space is really putting a zap on my head
Good man! Trying to get this album done.
Yes, they do! We wil!
Not for me... cuz I know how to drive.
Last night's show was awesome! Had a blast. Now we look to March 9th at the Vous "Blood Alcohol Content"
Would you follow me for a moment so I might DM you, dahlink? :)
thank you :)
Also, not great reception
thanks cutie ;)
could u plz donate some paint to Manchioneal All Age sch in Portland Jamaica? The sch look really bad! :-(
I've been annoyed by your tweets for a long time, that one was too much. Glady unfollowed you. Bye.
I stopped watching BasketBall Wives 3 Seasons ago...maybe even 4
Cover story in wednesdays TO Sun goes a long way to explaining why TO not a good venue for world class sports events like the PanAm Games
That is highly likely..... maybe we'll make an exception
People!!! I notice when you unfollow!!! I'm not stupid.... t(-_-)t
I want a guy who will see me wearing sweats, hair messy, and no makeup and the first thing he says is, "damn you look beautiful." :)
Thank you!! You are pretty fabulous too!
It's looking a little below her chin :) Def go see her in person if you can she's genius (& I brought my ma)
So blessed to be here. Learning a lot about leadership and what it takes to be present for the geeks!
Swag dont pay the bills BITCH.
I have a solution for all of those A.R.K. (Act of Random Kindness) \;^{0>
Big girls <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089>need love too<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088> I don't discriminate <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
You should be optimistic as well. It's nice.
- or IHOP for blueberry pancakes!!
thank you so much, I was waiting on hearing back.
haven't tweeted for so long...
i missed the triple double but the Sixers are now 1-0 when Evan Turner starts in the playoffs on Tuesdays :-)
For sure. I remember two feet of snow and below zero temperatures.
90's pop music.. The jams
I see an angel in a block of marble and begin to chisel until it flies away. Michael Angelo.
please fwd to followers: post tidings of comfort & joy to #holidayhash, and you could have $100 donated to a charity of choice. Thx!
The fifty year old man in the lounge is playing Angry Birds. Awkward.
When will you be installing a track in your new facility?
Thanks for the re-tweets, twitter Masters...! U are appreciated...!!!
Prominent American literary figures lived in NYC during the 1830s and 1840s, Washington Irving, Herman Melville, & Edgar Allan Poe.
Thanks so much, you always come thru!
You shouldnt get a handy cap pass because youre fat........
Proud to announce that I will be shooting with Mob Candy Magazine this month! :-)
thanks, lady!
RT Some bad breaks to start the inning, otherwise, I think Scott would have finished that inning just fine.<<guhgree-unlucky
Love you girls ":There are friends, there is family and then there are friends that become family."
You know you gotta leave the bar when you see the fat chicks dancing to the Enrique Iglesias song "Tonight I'm Fucking You"
Yay!!! I'm back, what did I miss?
Orlando Won, Houston Won! The WildCat has now won 124 straight games.
Heading to Malibu for a shoot and I'm going to freeze my booty off.
Club Sirius tonight no cover wild Wednesday downtown SA ill be live in the video mix all night!
Thanks for the follow. Tell Mr. S. Anderson "hi" from Hamrick.
Lebron's not that cute, BUT his body??!!! Savannah is blessed!
you walked right past me too fast at the Clinton talk at NRA and I couldn't say hi. We still want to get you !
I pray that your life being you more joy each day.....and that you never experience pain, suffering, sickness, or job lost
yes, so we don't always have to go to lahinas
Got a dress for junior prom!
A goal from on my birthday to win against Portland would be awesome. Or just a shout out :). Good luck bro!
I don't wear green because I look like christmas when I do.
I LOVE U <3
This time of the year just to mess with people we like to sit in our car in a sweet parking spot at the mall with our reverse lights on.
I was sad to learn today that WDWG has been sold and changing format. It was a sweet indie country station.
I love that song!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>RT : I've had you so many times but somehow I want more
i aint trying to love you baby...just f*ck you instead
Fact iz everybody changes. The angel you know today can turn into something else tomorrow
Thanks for sharing! I'll definitely take a look.
Yes, I'm trying to be more positive, or at least saying negative things in ways that hopefully inspire discussion
I just watched video 3 pretty cool did you give away your coveted spot at the Academy yet?
Always A Bit Of Sarcasm In Mug Shot Roundup
>>>MLM News! BodHD( New Company Listing )
me too. How far did you get so far and what char
Game delayed...time to drink!
status reports 3x week, standup m,w,f #agile #workstyle about
Two years go every other billboard in Central #Austin was NOT a #liquor brand.
I know you can do it
nice day for a win, right?
Feather Hair Extensions high quality last for up to four months! Hair can still be washed, blown-dry,straightened www.OhioHairStylist.com
I gotta go to the mat for "Future 40's (String Of Pearls)" by Syd Straw.
thanks bud, gettin to have a college experience i shouldve always had. see you this summer?
thank you :)
with you
Dear note from your biggest fans, don't cuss so much in your songs. It completely kills it
I've said it. You've said it. My 10-year-old has said it. Now let's agree to stop saying it. I hearby renounce, "I know, right?"
An apple a day really does keep the doctor away. Helps to boost immune system and eases allergies.
trifflin hoes these days.. smh have some self respect
We like our inbox banana-free but film-full RT There you go, like magic and bananas. Film news in your inbox. Enjoy.
I was supposed to cheat off you. Now wtf am I supposed to do
&& i just wanna be with somebody who hasn't been with everybody
Haha it totally should be! AND you should win all the cookies you catch! OK, maybe that 2nd part is a bad idea... :)
Yeah they might still get out of 1st round but probably not beyond that.
Watching the hills have eyes at 9am isn't exactly a normal way to start my day
NEW MUSIC ALERT!!!! "Youth Without Youth" coming up very soon on !!!
At the Baltimore harbor with my family watching dolphins being feed!
garret k LOLL
had a few as well and trust me, he's a caroling freak! I've never heard a better rendition of Jingle Bells!
Apart of me is gone once you left me. </3
What?? I am looking forward to G.O.T in a few hours...:)
LOL, that made me laugh super hard!
You've changed. I miss the old you.
RT making a valiant effort to listen to no dance music tonight, no dub, dnb, house anything, just casual rock,
The MadHouse Sagas official website will be up and running in 2-4 months.
Boy just left the studio! With my artist this is going too be a hot single! Off the album coming soon.
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 62F Clear
The infamous from is in the office. Our toughness factor increases tenfold. Also, our #whitemanfro factor.
Got the shirt at Nordstrom Rack and the skirt at Forever 21. It was luck if I ever heard of it!!
Went work clothes shopping this weekend. Bought anything that looked like it wouldn't show red rot.
You're so welcome!
how cool! i am just so happy for you, great post for your special day too <3
told u, y'all two r hilarious
Had an amazing dream about ;) just saying <3
Andre Watts! A Kleinhans and favorite!
Right back at you! Y'll were dearly missed. DEARLY MISSED. Peas are on the stove, & thinking about Phillipe's!
How you gonna give a #1 kit, we all know he's a
hell yea you should see his dubstep vid
Making Chu-Hi. Over ice, pour Japanese Shochu & club soda into hi-ball glass. Top off with fresh grapefruit juice. Manual individual juicer.
nice table!
So I start the 28th :) I'm a happy camper
Never wait a day to tell someone how much you love them. Tomorrow might be too late.
Oh, when?
Lol @ new nicknames
can never forget it
No energy
On a related note, any day that you have tiramisu has to be considered a good day
Getting ready for class and still have 30 mins to kill + getting back into bed :) = winning
no your not liar
Standing up on his bday <
I love all of this Detroit bike talk. Gimme more!
it's wednesday all day
. Thanks, Deborah! We're still a bit under construction but we hope you enjoy the site! Thanks for the shout-out,
I'm not right now. I'm sorry.
Springtime is here! Calling all volunteers! Join us to help wake up Girard St. Garden on March 31st and Marion St. Garden on April 7th!
i dont flip flop teams. I let it be known who i roll with lol
stumbling, slurring words, making idiotic choices, and inducing vomiting isn't appealing?
at House Of Blues on September 5th. We have free tickets for the show let me know if you would like some.
Haha, you're finally eating something besides Olive Garden, Subway, or Whataburger?(:
teachers, talk to each other. Respect kids' humanity. How can we demand respect for us when we treat students as such
Damn my manager just said if it's slow i can go to sleep in the back...Wtf? yes still
Keynote was only so so. Jim Neal last year was much better. I ran into Linda Benninghove, but not others from Stevens
the main question at school today is that uhh y u cut ur hair??????*_*
Happy birthday! Hope it doesnt rain in Seattle for one day of the year!
is working all the hotties out there? You must be looking at the site www.wherethehottiesat.com to find them.
An ounce of usability is worth a pound of documentation plus instructions.
Agreed! “: Doc Rivers, , and the staff doing a phenomenal job with this team”
Sponsors interested in sponsoring Bikini Swim Club - Exclusive this year contact
THANK YOU NSAI for another year of Spring Training!!! What a great week it was! Absolutely priceless;) if u didn't go, make time next year!
right. They've been able to create this level of market exclusivity by taking advantage of the "vintage" trend.
sending my video now! :-)
I just won't some head
thx for taking the time to read my post re: Steve Jobs. I was shocked too when I started uncovering so many undisputed facts
RT : Nonprofiteers interested in livestreamed or hybrid events please get in touch anytime. Lots I can help you with. Bye...
busy doing what?!
STOP THE PRESSES. BIKE RETRIEVED. BUT YES, free tomorrow night. manicures sound great. lemme know if your school week isn't crazed
"I will have this cursed it hammer" Loki, "neigh, you will have it's thunder!" Thor.......lmao.
Tech sector rose up to Kill Bill 1 #SOPA invaders from entertainment industry. Now techies must Kill Bill 2 #CISPA -one of their own.Irony?
NBA: Daily Dime Derrick Rose returned after missing a dozen games, but it was Carmelo Anthony who stole the spotlight.
Subconsciously you may just not want 2 use yr energy on the inevitable admin minutia. Your head telling U 2 find a diff focus.
Looking for new ways to make an ebook successful..anyone? Hopefully out within a month or 3.
Back then they didn't want me. Now I'm hot they all on me. I said, back then they didn't want me. Now I'm hot they all on me.
We can't wait to have you! When will we be seeing you?
I'm so fabulous I scare myself
Editin the new video!!
#LiesIveToldMyParents Im still a virgin ; )
Nice! RT : George Clinton tweeted me=Today has been a good day. This harpist is ready for the world!
Driving through #ohio is the absolute worst!
so Doc doesn't give Igoudala any credit? Hm...Interesting
early birds gets the worms
Someone come over and help me clean my room.
That buddy benefit isn't going to work there is a lot of catching up that has to happen now.
SECOND who does homework on a friday TFOH with that.
Please remember: No open containers at #lastthursday. We’d hate to see you get dragged off into the night, and it hurts the local bars!
I now know what it's like to have a crazy stalker- annoying
Thanks for answering my ? last night about finding a great coder. So important to find people who contribute to open source!
Agreed RT Re:Hip Hop theory. I don't think there's been NEAR enough reflection on how hip hop has impacted culture.
Yes. I love me some podcamp #pcpgh The environment can be so invigorating. Great to hear your story today at
you my sissy
. pickup isn't very convenient when you get there and it isn't ready
Best song.
Do I really live in an America where every tween who ever declared her undying loyalty to Team Edward is ineligible to hold public office?
so i am going to be a grandma again. new life is wonderful.
what's green and smells like pork?
you mean missile right?
It's Friday, let's have some fun! Describe your sex life with a movie title.
Departing Nashville and our dear friends Moses, Emily, and Tilly. Next stop...uh....Kansas?!?
Stick a fork in them, they're done.
#chinese #language and #culture skills important for
LMAO. Okay, enouuugggggh. Now, how about that make up sex?
When they go down 0-3 2nite gettin swept in the 2nd round for 2yrs in a row becomes a reality
The Hunger Games (2012): Horror of children killing each other for entertainment cleaned up & served in easily digestible product. 3:5
thx and 4 giving luv! Rest of you, check that inbox
Should I Follow Weirdos :P
didnt realize u tweeted....u should really start watching it it was soo good yesterday!
the pleasure will be all mine! Glad to have your expertise along!
Congratulations to the newest addition of our board, Membership Director Dan Ackerman!
I'm thinking that we each need our own Bastille to storm.Determine to stand up and make some positive noise.
you're a dream date!!
Tonight spins at 11pm inside Krave Nightclub (Planet Hollywood)! Ask him about a free bottle!
dude e will be fine
Have a great week.
Best of all is it to preserve everything in a pure still heart and let there be for every pulse a thanksgiving, and for every breath a song
hahahaha!! :p nice
I have insomnia like a mothfkkkaa
I understand and I agree. We read it for our book group earlier this year and it was excellent!
. The #seamayor debate tomorrow is hosted by and airs at 7pm. ^jh
#sxswi "#sxsw My Sophomore Year" Here are tips that have helped me, for first year visitors & anyone feeling overwhelmed!...
- That's great news. I'm going again and I recommend highly everyone go see while its still showing in LA!
I wanna go out to eat ugh
how long are you guys gonna be there? definitely want to hang out.
Relieved to be home
have been a closet fan because, well, I'm a straight dude....but proud to admit it now with that sweet ride you have.
I was a fat girl in my past life
reunited and feels realy good so happy to have the good people back in my life
I'm sorry i'm not what you wanted.
Hoosier clip. I am officially hooked.
omg yes!! All I've ever wanted is to be able to sleep like a human and not an owl.
Oh really? thats a shame, the review seemed promising.
Alabama Capital performance t.co/3IIyPfE5
is my favorite! Love Barbara and her team
Thanks for the nicest comment EVER on my youtube page, about my justin bieber cover :)
I will be an adult in 24 hours.
I hope this is not a sign of things to come. The team I was hoping would win yesterday...lost.
long trip game of catch phrase is in my bag. 8 hours of nonstop fun!
omg me too:(
On #lxbwebinar. Making the best of your iPhone and iPad with
True true.
NEW Menus Are Up For * Happy Hour * Cocktails * Dinner * Lunch * Brunch * Take Out * www.facebook.com/blossominglotus See You There Tonight!
Hi, this is Berkeley College social media we would still like to use your Tweet in our new video project! Please message me.
C'est Parfait! RT Enjoying the spring breeze with
Could you be emotionally detached at work and not know it? Sure, if you're detached. There's a party in your head and you're not invited.
RT : Commencing countdown, engines on.. 2nite is Londata I 'data & Moshi Monsters'. :-)
2- if you have to impress a gal that much to get her to marry you, figuring out how to ask her may not be the biggest problem
That is true
We're playing in #Nashville tonight with , Little Viking, and more. Starts at 9. $5 18+
Betty White's "Off Their Rocker"
Two blown saves in a row. Crapola.
#avengers tonight!
YAAAAAAYYYY!!! CONGRATS! COME HERR :D
Inspiration or nap? RT : I was struck so hard by inspiration, I think I just lost two hours of time...
I don't think there's a single inch of this library that is not covered in students.
OK #bestactress poll: Glenn Close, Viola Davis, Rooney Mara, Meryl Streep or Michelle Williams?
Travis Clark has a girlfriend and taylex exists. holy shit am I DREAMING?!
Just bought some new monitors for the studio Genelec 1031a's cannot wait to get the beatz jackin on these :-) !!!!
Missing someone, is shit
hi pls follow me back :)
Thanks Max! It was a blast!! Ahh, so fun! :) I hope your concert was awesome! :)
So jealous! Delivery in the big conference room?
Miss my #united kids 2day
Is that flossing thing true?! I AM AN AVID FLOSSER! IMMA LIVE FOR CENTURIIIIIEEEESSE
follow me
I did follow back
the show starts at 8pm and we play 2nd. Really good bands and DJ. Let us know!
Hey - give a gift to in Jess and Skip's names & get their names on the new bldg!
thanks for the good word!!
confession: i leave my iphone on during takeoffs and landings, and wear headphones with a hoodie to conceal it.
Plz sponsor Rachelle's run 4 the Warrior Dash obstacle course on 5/19/2012 to raise $ 4 Women Build Program!...
Did you know April is National Grilled Cheese Sandwich Month? Celebrate: ttp://tinyurl.com/cf8yye.
maybe, whats the plan? I have to work tomorrow and am still recovering from being sick.
Justin wants us. Tbh.
I know! Just one big hole right through him haha
omg hey, you're cute (:
it's all Good! Loving this weather.
"Belief is a sickness, it is a virus that eats away at your critical thinking" - Dr. Phil Valentine
Want to meet up at #icsf ? Shoot me an email rumor has it I pay for coffee.
Welcome Back Backstrom. #Caps OT highlights with Our Sunday forecast from Join us for News4 at 11
For Gay Pride Month, you can purchase the Diversity Platinum Rewards card for $19.95! Use Promo Code Instinct11 www.diversityplatinum.com
hm ok I may stop by-I have an idea brewing for next first Friday. I'll run it by them if I do!
It's best to just leave it at that. There's nothing wrong with having different opinions. That's the fun of talking about them.
Or so gorgeous. RT : "Be so good that they can't ignore you." - Steve Martin
Difference between male & female swans: size. Difference between SiteSwan websites & others: Beauty...and SEO, easy editing, mobile site...
thanks love!!
Huh... Dethlahem. DND themed metal. Go on, I'm listening
your cousin is adorable!!
please say no one owns a % of you... A deep run sounds immediate in your future!!!!!!
Cute toddlers at IKEA are a dime a dozen.
Game 1 Watch Party tonight Come #Thunderup!!
Alot of beautiful women out right now.
No man or woman who tries to pursue an ideal in his or her won way is without enemies.
Another underlying theme at #womcc today: Give the audience/customer a voice.
That warm front passed through. There is a sharp temperature/humidity difference with the front.
Black friday is crazy!:)
Goin to get some pineapple kush
Make Every Moment Count 2010 Happy New Year Smiles Love & Gods Peace Always DNICOLE
Woo! Moving on to Metal Gear Solid next?
CUTEST VIDEO EVER OMG GO WATCH IT RIGHT NOW
hang in there bro. We won for you tonight.
I read one of your tweets and went to retweet it, and realized soon after that I wanted to RT all of your tweets.
Thank you for everyone that came out tonight and had fun at Qube. See everyone next Friday, Masquarade Ball | Noche de Pecados 2!!
Here's your chance to be heard, get out and vote!
a ham sandwich is what I'm eating
Merry Christmas!!! I can't wait for another big hit album. I wish it's coming soon..
Congrats! Will do. MT : My American Unhappiness" is now in stores and on-line. Purchasing would make YOU my favorite person.
Today's BTU inspiration: "Follow your passion, and success will follow you." ~Arthur Buddhold
Tomorrow ima be a whole new person
Yup, cuz the Egyptians have no problems. None at all. They make Scandinavia ashamed with their equality and democratic gov't
Aight been up long enough... Chanting in my mind "Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis when I was dead broke I could picture this"
It's a great place, isn't it? I really enjoyed your performance of Mahler 5! Was nice to meet you. Hope to hear you again soon!
Haha yeah, yeah, I know. But did you know when Pat was diagnosed w/Alzheimers 1/4 of the get-well cards came from UConn fans?
what inspired that?? And when are you getting your happy hiney to Nashville?!
G.I Ent
is that a Jehovah's Witness tract?
Good night
I did better then I expected on my test :)
Any plans to release your software on the app store?
RT Is the French Toast at the next table... Is it FLIRTING with me? Focus on your dining patron, you syrupy breakfast slut!
Jimmy, the taco loco is out of control. Gotta hit the one over the 41st bridge.
Watched Cold Blood 4 the 1st time last night & wow, yeah, Q's soundtrack was amazing.
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen.. you are a queen! <3 bri
A sun-powered robotic explorer named Juno is rocketing toward Jupiter on a fresh quest to discover the secret recipe for making planets.
biz strategy for value for OSS: dual license; prof serv/consulting; subscription based support
Dammit I really love this photo! We need to meet in the middle for pix
How you miss Me but NEVER Chilled with me ? .....
great! lets stay in touch
RT : How dare you tell me its tougher for you like I don't hear about the bitches you fucking with to.....
holy canoli - learning a lot from at #t4b presentation through Rainmaker University
Awesome! Where do you want to go?
Likewise, look forward to hanging with you again soon.
I received your email reply to audition for the Studio Talent Group Twitter general audition. I am not sure what that means? haha
yeah okay have fun with that
Just rented The Moonglows - Blue Velvet: The Ultimate Collection from the library earlier today.
It is absurdly ironic that #teacherappreciation week coincides with high-stakes testing. Can somebody please take the knife out of my back?
Good Deal: Adobe Photoshop CS5 Extended student and teacher edition just $39.80
or we gonna be bosh and rapoters till la is too old to be great anymore
naw no odor
If you find out if this is possible, can you pleae let me know?! :)
Watching this lame ass movie in economics with
Just go for it... I believe you can do it..
Do you have any midwest dates?
aw you were at that race? I was too. nice job at getting your best time!
Congrats to Dirk & the Mavs for turning down the Heat. Mavs are all class- the polar opposite of Miami.
Loving LinkedIn Today feature, but lookg fwd to when they remove redundcies. Next social innovation=cloud curation of duplicate info
Cute! Your hair is <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>!!
i know i need some
Like that moment when all the boys or girls in the group are ugly but u settle for the best looking ugly one.
Where is your favorite place to go for a run or ride your bike in Albuquerque?
Date tonight :) Seeing Avengers
Hit the pedals one , make the floor shake ~
Ordered 5000 FULL COLOR / BOTH SIDES biz card w/ UV Coated for $32.80 w/ shipping #SCORE!!
yep thanks! dude no1 is like following you... il keep trying but for some reason no one ever responds to my tweets.. ever haha
Sorry, that's not an April Fool's joke.
Sounds fantastic! RT : Fabu way to do Baltimore (w/ kids): snack , sharks , fiddlehead ferns &...
Watching Higher Learning! What a throwback!
congrats on your #socent in #pakistan article ! :)
Any plans to add Astoria, Middle Village, and other relevant outer boro areas to the project?
we shall hang tomorrow. deal?
I don't know if anyone peed but there was plenty of grossed out flinching!
where you?
Yes! RT Big idea: how about we don't have more news articles about what size breasts are "fashionable"?
wat I <3 Edward thing I got a lot
3 great NBA playoff games are on tonight and i don't have work. this is actually not a bad monday so far.
People say that it's okay to give second chances ..... i totally agree
Ha ha ha. Bless your soul. You really think you're in control? Well, I think your crazy.
I was checking out your beautiful website and stumbled on the "HUG" chair! That's perfect for lower back problems ha! :-)
... You hurt my mom! Now please go away!!! The donation to my brothers charity was a nice gesture but it would of been better if u didn't...
I commend any artist dat make it bc its hard to stand out, out of thousands of artists, get noticed and really make moves
You are the wonders of my world.
thats great. what song will u perform? <3
agree. i like her blonde as well.
Always interesting (if you like SEO): How B2B Search Engine Marketers Can Better Impact the B2B Buying Process
Remember our first performance of Seussical premiers this Friday at 7:00! Also on Saturday at the same time. $1.00 admission.
opt me out of junk mail. Those value packs dont have good coupons anyway.
listen to us tomorrow at 11am! Wes would u be interested in an on air interview? -Annalisa
I miss you more RT“: how u doing my love what's new with u I miss u”
Ever notice how so many that criticize leadership and say they would never seek promotions have all the answers.
Honestly I never heard of until the follow....but I'm DEFINITELY Fxcking wit the music..Gotta Different Sound.
I LOVE the thought of Brojs in Miami. Can we plan to go at the same time?! I should be down in June.
especially toenails. especially someone else's.
Was CNN poll taken AFTER Obama endorsed SSM or before? How else to explain CBS/NYT poll? Nothing else has changed!
great artist
Somethings been missing from the world of wine.
We do learning parties too! #dml2012 but based on #steam learning!
what do you think will be the big issues of this election? the obvious... the economy and abortion... what else?
goodmorning! Did you sleep well? (:
I'll see you there too! Woohoo! OMG~ I can't wait until next April tho. that's too long! D;
Working on some new shows and an August Tour
If you like music head over to my Reverbnation page! It is a great one stop shop for all things NJP related. Behold the Power Cosmic!
Ack, I should know that!
WORK in the morning..hate the thought of that
Alex Gonzalez / Reliable defender / but hits like Yuni
Get the best econo-lunch is SE: Mitch's All Beef Hot Dog @$1.50 + soda or Teresa's great fresh-ground brewed or pressed coffee! 79th+Foster
im following u now (: follow back ? (: and <3 ur kitty !!! :D xD
I want to personally thank #President Obama for taking a stand on gay marriage that was courageous of him and the world views are changing
Please post an American flag on your facebook page!
but that is also why I turn off notifications to my phone...
It's more like rise, roll over, check twitter, eat something, THEN grind. But to the gym I go!
Hey Wes can you send me the Junction 41 video on twitter?
I don't fuck around with my face. And fuck your opinion about that.
Feeling a bit under the weather, this new Sarasota climate must not be agreeing with me...
Okay, fuck, Means I'm gonna waste my time sleeping instead of studying. ._
it's my birthday today. It would make my life if you saw this:)
This is crazy, but here's my number. Call me if you want a list of TV shows I've watched today, maybe.
#Heat Rally From Double-Digit Deficit Behind LeBron James' 32-Point Effort To Claim 3-0 Series over
w00t! It's about time.
that sux hug my doggy ;)
i've heard its basically soft core porn for females. i want to read it lol.
*make that 2012
Yup! Walking there is 25 minutes, walking to schoolfrom Starbucks is 20. I can even sit down and rest for 10 minutes! 8D
Horace Williams of Cedar Hill: We began our cuts with worst-case scenario. Like Duncanville, we lost 2 TRE votes here.
Rail food is great! And people are so nice!... (most)
I am so happy that I am now getting paid for my youtube videos now its so aweosme
it is kristigail (at) hotmail (dot) com. Thank you! :)
#ThingsThatGirlsLike when boys dance with them
your back! We love you Keith!
Thank u to all who came by our booth at Poor Boys Midnight Mass!
Feeling good!
Sitting in a hospital waiting room makes you realize your problems aren't that important
lol I hate when it gets that low
I feel like someone got mad at me for using the bathroom last night?
Haha! Yes....brings back old memories =]
lol ok and we were suppose to take pics with flora today!!!
like how to customize it I'm completely lost
sitting outside with my family . oh how I've missed nights like this <3
Dreaming of hitting mega millions for a billion
Just woke up now time to study some film
Thinking of making a vegan version of a shamrock shake...
definitely will!
hey yeah we will! settle in and get comfy, club snell's the place to be!
did u know matty likes tumblr girls
30% off all Skin Care Products
awesome. Coming out this Friday?
Tired, tired, tired.
If anyone knows the starter for A Norfolk tomorrow, please let me know. I've absolutely lost track of their rotation. It's changed a ton.
designer tshirt? I think yes
Awesome. Thank you
RT How exciting! Bexar County is finally getting some much needed rain! Please be safe on the roadways!
You guys should try to make it to a couple, they have a lot of good information. Plus they have free pizza and big red!
I feel that with my competitive nature it would be really easy for me to become addicted to #gambling haha
I'll be in San Diego with some awesome people. I don't need much else to be happy =)
hahha son you were gone
Well, you're down a person when she's gone; and maybe she loads the machine differently.
So much worse. I couldn't stand it anymore...yet I still watched.
Lmfao they totally just retweeted my last tweet awk
So many people at the gym. Praying that there is not a grunting moron.
no I thiink punch is a way better idea!
Dear no one likes u..so get ur head out of ur ass and go fuck urself while wishing u were justinbiebs..eat that u little fuck
Hey Rex Ryan, there's no crying in football #jets #nfl. Thank G#d the drama of the Jets season is over!
thanks man
hahah I always knew lol :)) oh and OKC is gonna stomp the lakers )
Funny! And true, thankfully! RT Unless you have Alzheimers, you can be just as tech savvy as your kids.
Good things come to those who wait.
m onions. You making us breakfast Daddy-o?
LEETS PLAY STREET HOCKEY LIKE TODAY, NOW, FUNDAY SUNDAY BIATCH. That is all
Sounds like you no longer have him as a problem since he's your 'former boss'
I missed you
Ice cream cone!
At least we are reasonably sure that wasn't from a bear! Disinfect those scratches!
RT : RT : Posture: when you care, but not... that much. Via
Agree! RT : We have some good folks here for the chat today! Looking forward to the information sharing.
Yep, he'll be singing the blues in November!
hey Ricky Ficarelli !! lol hmm how is your school work going? Are you almost done?
No one compares to my SWAG sisters.
Just saw 2 really cute guys at Safeway :) so amazing how i can find the cutest guys at the weirdest places
i'm pretty sure my birth stone color is purple ..feeling confused and slow
If you smoke weed, I'm willing to bet your feeling dumb and depressed most of the time. Drop that like it's hot. I did.
Seriously, word - for - word. But we're still loving the show.
A boomer kiddie book is on its way :D
Me too probably stop by Khrisetta if she's cooking maybe a couple others
I'll look into it tomorrow.
cannot stand sitting next to person who has just come in from having a smoke ... vomit!
But together, we can take the piss out of Premature Wicket Loss
Any connection between your reality and mine is purely coincidental.
RT MKE Foodies who keep me coming back for more:
I need to find someone cool in my #genre who is already #published and would want to write a #foreword for my #book of Trivium Proportion
#SomeoneIWantToMeet is She gives me so much strength. <3
We may be closed, but love is always on my mind
Have fun and be safe!!!!
FINAL SCORE: Michigan State 58, Ohio State 48
Welcome On Board Mr Masou...
Coffee and gum for breakfast.
. Seriously... #wiunion has #wirecall in 3 weeks and no $$ help from you? My 2012 $$ goes only to WI Dems
you are welcome and Thank you! When you get time check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
Join us for our HH tonight 6-8pm! Zipsters - your 1st drink or meal is on us! Bring a friend to sign up and you'll both get $75 DC
Stop in today to Vanille Patisserie ! 15% of their sales go the !
Me 4- I was just saying this! RT : Love love love 's slides. Who did 'em?
On this stupid iPod....
Sunday evening with my hubby, listening to the rain:)
you might want to get your fear of fruit checked out, but we're excited you're coming to the !
I witnessed history at Camden Yards tonight. And I'm wearing my witness shirt.
Can't sleep. Hurting so much. # fml
well the interest rate & fees are cheaper on the larger loans students take to pay for college. Not sure that's more affordable
I hate movies yo
#bankgeekissues Waiting to know where the band trip is to
Nice! Man, I was telling my Slasher Movie Buddy that my wife *never* gets it when I say (in jokey, semi-sobbing voice)..
#mcdm RT : "Musicians are used to being guarded but in social media they are able to be their true selves" (via )
you should at least try to hide what you do illegally
That is just funny.
Do you have any plans for this Easter weekend? Friends, family, or fun?
The superior man acts before he speaks, and afterwards speaks according to his action. - Confucius
hahaha! Where can I get that? That would make a great Father's Day gift
Working for a living! Excited for the weekend!!!
50 days till opening day!
Off to the gym...yep, shavua tov indeed.
Dairy Queen with my girls. Good way to end the day. Now I can remove the neck tie.
salute bro
Hee hee. How'd you get suckered into that. ;)
Ha ha! Well, if there's anything I have, it's enthusiasm. I like to bring a little joy with me wherever I go!
that's good to hear bro, I've been good brah just recovering from my knee surgery I should be back at it by August, wau?
I'm sorry babe:/ I know what you mean tho...
if you follow me back and promise to read all my tweets ill refollow you. ^^
#FF Great Community
I didn't say it wasn't a *useful* disease :)
Reports of a few homes damaged in Pike County from a possible tornado there this AM. Oak Grove Rd. area mentioned in those reports.
Getting tatted :)
Why oh why is the NHL going to be foolish again?
Yussss got approved for the new place in Mansfield, aweeesommmme
Assumptions get you no where with any relationship period
"Ooh, Alice, one of these days: bang! Zoom! Straight to the moon!" Gingrich explaining his economic plan to a potential voter named Alice.
Nothing like that early morning workout.
I love what I do <3
Where have you been?
#PalePeopleProblems #SUN & anti albinos
I don't even know why but I can't stop putting "Lighters" on repeat :-) It's currently making my morning
Holy cow i'm loving this song #ImSingle by lil wayne
#12 John , Madison , Nick R.[: - Beautiful <3
There was nothing terrible about today, so my incredibly sinking mood must be tied to how dark it gets outside.
Thanks for the RT on our blog post today!
nothing much chillin with some friends, and carnival tonight, wbu?
Have some pizza, popcorn, pinot, and pretzels #NationalPoetryMonth This event is brought to you by the letter
My Lil Bro Talkin Bout He Aint Gone Miss School
I.... I really... Omg Id have to talk to you in dm for that haha
Apologies if anyone was befuddled by my latest handle, mixin' it up not trying to sound like a gay porno #TilKingmancome(s) or anything
Love is...Running into his arms, Colliding with his heart, And exploding into his soul!
Free early screening passes for "21 Jump Street" available at ONEBURGER! Come now while supplies last. Get a t-shirt and shot glass as well
wow.. someone just asked what social bookmarking was...
Welcome to the busy-ness!
I don't use roofies... I use tequila they both work the same way.
RT : Tix still aval for tonight's great panel: "What's Next for Neighborhoods" at the Indiana Landmarks Center at 6...
Thought for the Day: "Competition Cures Complacency"
#HappyMayDay Everyone :D
thanks Joe... will try to keep up
Wow. Thanks. :) It's a life-long process of improving at living
lol i just got done listening 2 dr. bieber that's our new favorite song (:
Just found this site by accident and joined/checking it out. BTW I also am a HUGE Star Trek and New Kids on the Block fan.
true enough!
Aw okay
if that is right in front of your house... i am extremely jealous
Long day tomorrow. Still feeling hurt. BUT we're going to Grand Rapids, MI on 7/22.Go support the Toledo Music Fest today
I think I wanna delete my Facebook.
haha no problem!
Happy Burning Up Friday!!
you're crazy. Go back to bed steve
POLLARD! ARE YOU KIDDING?
someone's excited for my hair! Lol
HE: What you say if I asked you to marry me? SHE: Nothing! I can't talk and laugh at the same time...
You should come to in July and then head back to Chicago with me! You know your welcome anytime!
Lets see if she bites on tha first text?
Welcoming our newest: and TY for following!
I'm loving the new StoryStream feature! Such a great idea. With how fast tech news moves, the extra context really helps.
Keep Staring At Me I Guess They Like The All Blue #POLO.Im Gone Post My Pink Friday When I Get 2 The Crib Deluxe Edition 18 Tracks.Problems
Weekly comics shipment sure makes getting out of bed early on Wednesday's a lot easier!
"Put the gun away, before you fucking kill somebody! Where did you get that shit?!" "It's my mom's!" -Cheddar Bob #8Mile hahahah
#lifeclass Yes Thank you for the online link. Love Life Class
Thank you for following me!!
Sometimes the only problem between you and someone is someone else Sometimes unhappy people don't want anyone else to be happy
Haha! In the restroom :)
aw, thank you!
WoH, solid idea for collaboration! &
hey yes it is a fitted unisex tee - Dan
Tried to pet the guy sitting in front of Amoeba Music wearing a 4AD t-shirt and eating peaches out of a plastic bag and he bit me :(
I'm thinking that a widget area inside the #nav ul would be a bad idea. See response on my blog.
Life is a succession of such moments and to live each, is to succeed
on #Leadership - "Treat your Employees like Volunteers and your Volunteers like Employees" - Your next speaker at www.DavidsonLeadership.com
#FollowFriday A big shout out to five must follow tweeters. (via )
Mary Marshall Clark: These women have pushed back against the silence and educated people to listen and speak up with them.
im on twitter and its my birthday nice
I can't even hate that RG3 went to the redskins cuz they need him..they were horrible last season
Wow fuck the fuck off omg
That looks like a Geekhouse approved use of our product, keep up the good work! Nice aftermarket swizzle straw too.
Haha I don't know what other mustards would work
#RealityCheck: Just because you invited everyone to your dinner celebration, doesn't mean that they have to do everything you tell them.
Heard about lots of interesting collaborative museum projects at CRAFTing a Community. Got some new events to hit in DC now!
Best dressed in the NFL draft....
Wat YA'll doing for Thanksgiving????
ha! Look at that, I was already following you on the Twitters. So nice to meet you & your hubs!
There is always, always, always something to be thankful for
Did you get rid of those Coachella passes?
agreed, the idea is great, I just think the UI needs a little more clarity.
Just heard from that their Practicum film was a huge hit at a fundraising event. We are so happy to hear this!
aw your so sweet! thanks so much :) xx
haha no its from a tv show.
YW. That Brendan Fraser article is on my favorites. It was awesome, ending with Matt Damon and Sandra Bullock getting in too.
Today's Specials: Taco Salad BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich Split Pea Soup
Yeah, it's a good day for a day off. RT : I'm not a fan of the having an off day, but after yesterday my blood pressure is.
I Fucking loved the return tonight so giddy and great....
#UNCA that Lane violation call was bullshit
15 of 18 pin locations are within 4 feet of water today at #ThePlayers. Should be fun.
looks good!
how is work
the fact that I missed your event this weekend weighs heavy on my heart. Sounds like it was a great success though, congrats!
been c00lin' all day...gotta enjoy the rain
Follow back please.:)
We lookin forward to you comin to the land of Ali!!
Moving most of the computational material in #Math216 to the second half of the course--not well-received by some students.
Breaking Tables with Zayn..
would we fly out of the world? I'm sleeping i stayed with ur first period cause I didn't want to wait in the cafeteria(;
Yea! We love to hear that! RT: Time to switch to "Wingman" app!!! :D
Who else misses Gariana?
Let your neuro-transmissions convert into orgasms. Feel the terror while filling the electrical field in your brain with pleasure.
Lady on U st in Ward 5 just told me, "you guys are way nicer than those McDuffy folks!"
Time to catch up on in Scotland! ()
beautiful. just beautiful. sundance awaits!
Bustos/Aragon opening is this Saturday!!! Join us and meet Arturo Garcia Bustos!
Study Abroad Info Session at Noon in the Dean's Conference Room P111... come learn about South Korea & get hyped up on Reese's with me!
speaking with Parks & Rec
The only thing I don't like about our town parade is watching Deputy Barney Fife Dawg struttin his midget ass around.
of course, your my brother from another mother duh !
I love it! Just heard from ! So nice you don't have to deal with that tension while trying to be creative! Yay!
oh hahaha i see what you guys did there! making me feel dumb!
Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want.
I need them to... I live in hostile Los Angeles Dodger Country and they are grilling me hard about this saying we are done
what u mean where haha. Me kara nd her dad are goin to game 5 for the flyers vs devils series
haha Jules Pools I've grown up since duhh
Up late fucking with my Bro
HAPPY 19TH BIRTHDAY !!!!!!
"I know how to party, I drive a fiesta"
I know I miss you too!!
How many sewing machines do I have? Not sure, but I got one of them running today! Now I can start sewing.
we will hit it by 11:59pm on Saturday!
U HATE LIERS BUT HATE THE TRUTH ILL GIVE U DA IN-BETWEEN-TRUTH
Be sure to attend the NAPA Employer Expo Friday from 11-4 pm in 517A. It's a great opportunity to speak with practicing anthros
Big Sean
RT love those guys! // Yes! We love Schmekel too! Have you seen 'em in concert?
Ah there it is. Instagram story on cnn
You were spot on in your letter regarding Ambrose.
Check out www.themissionlasvegas.com for updates on our development in the 18b Arts District of downtown Las Vegas.
Never thought I could be this stinkin' happy again after my Michael :)
RT : Hitchens made me want to write, read, argue, and drink more. If God's real, Hitchens has already convinced Him He's not.
Bye bye Hughes Net! You are without a doubt the worst possible option for internet service ever. Dial up kicks your butt.
A good law firm profile photo is properly lit, in focus, not too busy background, shows primarily the face, and cloths that aren't overdone
Internships and volunteering are great way to be seen and get known -- before and after graduation.
Holy Google art project explosion!!
Stop by and check out the TX 2 Step at the Capitol at 6:30 and Fusebox at the Paramount at 8:00-
Hello and Heya everyone, How is everyone?
WOW hiring is a matter of last resort making a company less profitable hence rich corporate owners R not inlcined 2 create jobs. & they dont
these idiots are playing checkers while the smart teams are playing chess.
If two people are meant for eachother, it doesn't mean they have to be together right now... but, they will eventually.
I meant #LeapDayWilliam...No Relation
Just got to work . Gotta get this overtime.
Emanuel shifting to federal ed policy, time in White House. Original Race to the Top bill was for $15 billion, not $5B, he says.
hey, a little late on the response here but yes..glad we got to catch your set. Really enjoyed your music! Have a great w/end
that what happens when you hire a great agent. Lol
Haven't been tweeting n a brick lol smh
Congrats on making Captain. See you tomorrow in rehearsal for Olympic village.
#wla12 ebooks? The big mystery. Christopher Platt: we need to educate publishers about the value of libraries & discovery in the mix.
Well I look adorable today
Thanks for #FF - Happy Friday : )
Had Signing Day for the football team today. So proud of those boys
It's PURPLE time.
yummy macro vegan dinner with my mum and Keith at #AngelicaKitchen Too bad she is going home tomorrow...
you're welcome :) and you too!
poor us!
Free shuttle to the MU game tonight. Ash Wed. Special is fried cod sandwich and lake perch fry. Also wings and trivia tonight.
K so it seemed like followed just about everyone...except me smh please please please robert :)
How much studying...
#rippedjeans = new shorts! :P
Just tried The Ugly Goat Company's goat milk fudge at
What's this? True Blood and Breaking Bad on the same night? LOVE.
THE MUSIC VIDEO IS TOO MUCH
Planning the most badass vacation ever right now. Motorcycling across Colombia. Come see me.
"Just smile and breathe."
ordered my business cards today!
Aw man what kind of shit s this
I think it's greedy on behalf of the font foundries to require a subscription service, but I guess that's how it has to be.
BITCHES ALL IN HER BUSINESS
High point for UM was the running game against Va Tech. Low point, the defense against running QBs.
I found all these old pictures from 6th grade on my camera... I was ugly
mayday parade <3
Gotta make a few moves yall have a blessed day <U+E011><U+E011>
tell us the real truth about your virus from episode 1. Don't BS a BSer!
wish I could make class! Represent
I know right?
Hey Pittsburgh! We have an opening for an experienced Stylist. We offer an extensive training program and a generous benefit package.
speechless right now.
if there was a hidden camera in my room who ever was watching would be dying laughing. i have to stop myself sometimes. lol.
Dude... it's going to get crazy!
In need of cupcakes for your big event coming up? We offer "industry discounts" to hotels, caterers & select business partners! Apply today!
Celebrating 7 Grace-Filled Years
Manifesting is a natural a part of your divine abilities to develop in this lifetime, on this earth plane. Time to get started!
Teacher: Why are you late? Student: I'm late? Teacher: You just missed an entire period.. Student: Are you telling me I'm pregnant?
DKA would like to wish all the moms out there a Happy Mother's Day!
I thought people were less annoying today at the library...then I took off my headphones
I followed your friend so u need to follow me back and ur welcome
All teachers need to head over to #sheparty to check out talking about their new app to keep women safe.
What are your predictions for Shabazz and Noel today? Kentucky for both?
Never fails to inspire me and engage with her sessions!
Headed to Trader Marcs for an appearance with the YC Humane Society! Came see us!
I'm with 2 of then at the same time...
I think I'll add this to my top ten "about nothing" Twitter conversations.
Foos Are The Worst, Aren't They? RT Some Guys Can't Accept Rejection It Makes Me Laugh When They Talk Smack ! Stupid Foos !
Thank you in return for the follow..
thanks for following!
Plus member on vimeo? & its taking forever a day to upload.
Yes! It hailed here too for about 10 minutes...crazy weather for sure!!
Hitler and Jesus are equally as entertaining.
I'm not a fag you are.. goodnight :)
Goodmorning twitter fam and friends!! Had a nice, fun, and long wkend with the guys. Nothing like hanging with good ppl
yes! mail me that shirt! lol.
Yeah sure...it's only 10ish at night. Take all the time you need returning those edits. I don't wanna go to sleep or anything. :(
Fwd: If you have a triumphant story...... We would like to share it on the KOKO Dennis Show. Email pic/story to
It was freaking awesome!!!!!!
fist city!
Dope! RT : Philly! Wanna meet me 2morrow? Hit & tell them u wanna win the YG #TweetAndGreet!
forget the bucket I'm bringing a uhaul truck! lmbo!
We have been very blessed with grandparents. I grew up with all mine, plus a couple extra sets. It's so neat!
What's good, Tacoma?! We're all up inside ya!
I just don't understand dancing.
Driving in the dark pitch black >> :)
stop it sir smh
Liam Neeson is just awesome!
Time + Dedication + Effort = Improvement
that was uncalled for seriously that's too far don't appreciate that one bit!!
At The Plaza with the love of my life, watchin Wicked!
Live music tonight at 5 with tony Rey and we've still got some blvd chocolate and Rahr snowmageddon left:)
Trust me I do >>>": Ready to celebrate the prize of my life. U have blessed me wit u'r love and I hope u feel mine back @ u"
would you ever ok a hologram of Kurt for a Nirvana show? Just curious, came up in convo last night.
i MiSS Mi POOKiE !..i WONDER DO SHE WANNA GO OUT OF TOWN W/ MEH THiS WEEKEND?...<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
long week for you!!:)
Love to see and of course RT which 3 bands at The Jef
we just got power downtown 6&f.
I'm not sure-it's not showing up on my phone! I voted for you-maybe you'll win next yr!
sick of seeing people you may know 'Austin Mahone (something in here)' or 'Austin Carter' on facebook.
Anytime, hope we can do some cool stuff together one day. RT Thanks for the support!
cooking food
Where's yr app that lets us deposit checks w/a phone? All we want in return for yr bailouts is help staying lazy.
Hey, thanks! Yours looks great, too! You're definitely a model for language, presentation, and organization.
#TwitterTwoThousandYearsAgo bitch u wasn't with me dying on the cross
ya fuck that gun. damn mexicans probably built it
News? Socialism In America: there it was, not more than 30 min ago, a well crafted news story that looks more like paid add than a "report"!
can you help me get 3 followers?
My page was hacked Follow my new name
Oh my goodness it's so cold I just caught a shiver attack :S
#YouGetMajorPoints if you smile a lot.
Screaming.Yelling.More screaming. More yelling. A little bit of anger...no, a lot.
No hard feelings, but probably not a good idea I review it since I was a finalist to write it.
We love our moms! Do you!?
I would be crying and be freaking out so bad if I was Demi. omg
conflict provides energy to be used, re-directed, for more congruent action
Bout to drive home ! 1 hour ride !
RT : always great to see you! Next up Patents #3-5 from for Can't wait to share!
Aww wow! Thanks! :) Oh my goodness! :-O
just toured Amundsen High School. The campus is amazing and a hidden gem in the 47th ward.
Marketing Data RoundUp: Facebook ads: twice as expensive, half as good | Android is the leading global smartphone platform...
But Lord knows that I'm not you, And If I was I wouldn't be so cruel, Cause waiting on love ain't so easy to do.
I think I'm goin to the diner and bww
SCMS panel done! Time to sit back and enjoy the rest of the conference!
Has anyone seen the #magicbullet infomercial?
all i want is my sense of taste back. it's all i have to bring me joy.
It doesn't matter who you are or where you're from ; You're beautiful , don't think about it for a second !
My ale-soaked brain is still trying to figure out what or who G&S is/are.
Thanks for being a sponsor and helping to bring such a great speaker to #smbmad - Will take a look this weekend!
So.... When is annoying orange starting on tv? I'm tired of waiting.
Promise its the last. I know, I can't stand the word. Everytime I hear it I cringe.
She just tryna make sure you don't spend $20 on a burger when you get hungry lol
Correlation or coincidence?
Omg I can't breath lmfaoooo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
goth as fuck
Walking around my new town
Soups of the Day: Chicken Pastina, tortellini brodo, ravioli Florentine, Chicken Gumbo, Cream of Potato,Tomato basil!!
: only when a white man or police man kills a blk person we want to take a stand. WHY? What about when we kill each?
Well at less it's not raining bullets ;D TEHE
For the next two days, I go to explore the Art of Aging 's Institute of Society and Genetics.
On the bright side....at least when I wake up for work at 630 it's not dark out anymore...
I don't always make #newyear resolutions but when I do, it will be to leave $2 to pay bill
Watching James Bond 007:)
w/e
thanks my fellow alto girl! Big fan :)
What a great group of techs in Atlanta today even I learned a few things -- It was great sharing with you! Best of luck to you all!
It should be a great time...I'll probably be pouring. Too bad I can't make it to Boonville this year. You going?
You LEARNED how to be smart...I was born clever-__-
Happy World Read Aloud Day! What was your FAVORITE book to read aloud as a child? Mine was Cross Country Cat!!
"Goodness gracious the papers..." RT ": Where da stash at"
Could C2A be the OPs goal the whole time and went for C2B strategically
I used iLs w/ my kids & had great results. iLs is my fav therapy & the one we made the biggest gains with.
Tomorrow me and clifforddickson(photographer) will be covering an interview with Commisioner Bruno at the garden
i love the clothes on
"Whatever you are, be a good one." - Abraham Lincoln
Thanks! It was really great seeing you, too. Have fun at tonight's show.
Don't want too much ballast -- wanna be able to "fishtail" this baby!
roasting almonds this morning! it smells pretty good in here right now
thank you it was perfect!! Xo
Busy working on a new FREE download: Social Media Myths Exposed! Share with me, what do you find hard to believe about #SocialMedia?
Going to Time Square in NYC hopefully going to see :) <3
I am probably going to sing a system of a down song for karoke in japanese club today. I'm still deciding.
: "This show is more conservative than Mitt Romney"
cardio burns calories, but building muscle makes the burn last by boosting your metabolism in the long run. try an equal mix!
I swear sriracha cures everything. I can now breathe. :)
RT I am not addicted to weed, I only smoke it 2 times a year on my birthday and when its not my birthday.
Boyfriend's house <U+2665>
You sit on a thrown of lies. RT : I do not bacon.
please don't go <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> your self
..I think 8pm..but get there early if this is the fcbc thing.....Drea?..Brandon?
Hate when I loose the remote..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
: It's SO good. is the best.
yeah you are, and it just tears me apart not to be there
Hate having curly hair, that is all.
Heavyweight Josh Blevins beats Jim Allis 2:06 Round 2 by verbal submission due to strikes
#Brewers GM Doug Melvin explained To me That Brooks Conrad will likely replace Gamel on the roster. Hes hitting .400 at A and is versatile
check your dms!
how's everyones night going cause my is pretty meh?
I MISS U ALL
And the green grass grows all around && around && the green grass grows all around
when are you leaving?
CO Tennis Umpires Association hosting annual USTA Certification School, Sunday March 18, 7:30-1 in Golden, contact
Thanks for follow! ~Mark
Come on, man! You can do it. #GoGibbs it is possible. So go for it babyy! xoxoxo (follow me? wink wink lol)
awww get better then :)
RT : Shopping for cocktail ingredients for tomorrow for #thedrinkshow presentation. Bottoms up!
eBay or target. Last time I checked for one target had them for around 160.
We will have more information on "The Dildos" Film short and the production as well as marketing of the site in the near future!
I deserve better
don't ever stop saying the famous term! Lol...
Mike Scioscia benches Albert Pujols today and the Angels get a rare win. Looks like they finally figured out a recipe for success.
Our panel “Crossing Boundaries: Knowledge & the Question of Democracy” was accepted by So excited! Paris, here we come!
ahh... we meet again #stacks5 ... Our duel will be legen, I hope your not lactose intollerant... DARY!
Why did pick a freaking bunny for it's mascot?
Explaining to your parents why Glenn Beck is crazy feels like telling a kid Santa Claus is mathematically implausible.
DROPPIN OUTTA SCHOOL IN 15 DAYS AND GETTIN A JOB, MY CAR, AND STARTIN MY OWN LIFE. FUCK YES.
wants to be in a mountaintop with a radio and good batteries.
Thanks for the RTs, Tolaz. Looking forward to reading more of your stuff!
I want to go somewhere!! Will some rich family pleas adopt me and take me on vacation. I will give you a lifetime of free shoots.
i always travel with the wobbliest suitcase.
Everyday should be "National Honesty Day".
“Perhaps our eyes need to be washed by our tears once in a while, so that we can see Life with a clearer view again.”
Who gets up so early on a Sunday morning, me ? Always want to make the most of the present day, lucky me!
Why do I ALWAYS want chick-fil-a!?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
they'll have a new album coming out probably later this year, so they'll song those and a few of the older ones :)
Just got done throwing down in da kitchen
Thanx for having us today we're happy is officially part of the family!
Sweet. MT Working late chasing down a few errors but anyone w/ an Android can install the Explore app right now!
#MonstersROCK!! What did i jus say? Pop topic:
im really wanting the nuggets to take this series tommorow.
Whats crazy? You stole my ring and tried giving it back to her.
When it's not even dark yet and it's 8:20>>>
thats whats up... recording right now but hit me up later.
Time for bed
it hurts... but it didnt bleed coz i didnt do it on my wrist
ha for real huh see i like u lol it seems noone likes them but me:) love the back round go broncos baby!
CBS-NY Times Poll now shows Romney leading Obama in the overall poll and among Women, will the media cover that today??? Doubt it.
“: Had a blast at Congrats to the organizers for a solid event.” Thanks, Dave!
Hooray! Spring is real! RT : Goosebumps! #openingday Let's go !
Need an early class tomorrow? Mark Oliver is teaching Yoga Flow at 9am on Miami Beach! See you there. Ohm Shanti
When my mom tries to tell me something thinking she's right when shes not.
Watermelon is over 90% water, low calories,contains Vit A, potassium,and Selenium.
If we don't beat Maryland on Sunday, we don't deserve to get into the NCAA tournament.
we are looking for Models-ACTORS & ACTRESS CALL Now 1-877-843-9309 --- between 7:00 am to 7:00 pm before spots are filled...
At Starbucks :)
Hey everyone Happy Fat Tuesday!
For me the interesting angle on ' Svbtle project is building a tool that works the way an individual needs it to. #workflow FTW
Wishing you an inspiring weekî<U+0096>î RT Dancing is like dreaming with your feet! - Constanze
I got lucky with the blinds I went to. I saw Katrina, Kim Y, Moses Stone, Chris Mann, and Jamar Rogers.
Oh, you know, just sitting in the car repair center again. 4th time in a week. At least they still have free coffee and popcorn!
Party in Niagara, Link Me
should make me a sandwich
Anyone in #Cbus looking for office space?
He went from ashy to classy, I like that
peepettes say that thing works
nice! Dude was so pumped when I rolled in
definitely... Now for a classic matchup with Philly. Maybe Max will go to the stands for old times sake
Try putting balsamic vinegar & dishwashing detergent in a jar with stretch film on top. Punch small holes in the plastic.
We can't wait either! See you tomorrow! RT Congrats! Can't wait to see you here Friday!
okay maybe at lunch lol
Signed it about an hour ago. Sure it will be up soon. For a copy sooner you should reach out to or Thanks
yeah. a lot more responsibility, but a lot more reward too. good people there too. you been good?
Finally got a good 8 hours of sleep. Here's to hoping I'll have a productive day!
Whats up fam? How you been
Bruins vs Senators tonight 7pm! Stop in for dinner first!
We've got a new leader! Anyone get more than 15 intros? “: I've got 15!”
Just got the collector's edition tigerbeat magazine. Half of it is all One Direction! (: xx
badmitten... N math was review.
hey gorgeous! You know I'm way sexier than aaron Rodgers right?! ;)
Instead of saying "I don't know" try saying "let me find out".
This is annoying, Somebody better stop this freaken bastard
listen bub, all the true Patriots fans go to the CBS Scene. You will never find CBS stars and former athletes tailgating!
Congrats & on making the #SportsLaunch Thirty Under 30 List!
for varejao, sure?
what a punk!
My friend is Anna participating in the Warrior dash to benefit the Kids of St.Jude Hospital. Please help donate if you can?
So ready to go home and see my family!
#57 Bro, Don't pick up what God told you to put down! This goes for relationships as well...
I need to move my ass over there.
S/o to all da niggas who rock dem big ass Jesus piece earrings. Crying!!!!!!
I could barley open my eyes this morniing
One more like that and Hassli is gone, or should be
do or die
Future rotation of Felix, Pineda, Paxton, Walker, Hultzen. Now time to get some hitters
When someone you love hurts you , we cry and do depressed shit but what's really the point they don't know how many tears we've cried
Thanks for the RT! :-)
Today I received emails that my account would be suspended in 28, then 8, then 3 days. Then my account was suspended...
Do you have a link to the BAM campaign materials? I'm curious!
We had plans to watch "Rio" tonight (awesome!). It sounds like a cool movie. I'm going to check it out. Thanks.
Umm, really Bill? "Times like today are like they were in the Civil War." - on
I know a lot of y'all is going to feel so dumb when we live through to next January..
If you missed on his tour this year you can also catch him at Market Rasen Racecourse 01/09/12!
Dear please kick Teresa off the show!!! She's letting the fame ruin her.
Yes, that's what she said
Stepping in glass and shit.
Floyd was cleared to whip that a$$ on Cinco De Mayo. Let's Go! Mayweather vs Pacquiao
ready for our fav class?!
Successful meeting! Save the Date: GB Magazine's 4th Annual Polo Tournament is on Sept. 23 to benefit the San Diego Opera & SD Symphony!!
Toast is in TWO David Mamet plays? Can you name them both?
At dinner, just heard Nilsson's "Without You" sung in Italian, I think. (Not an Italian restaurant.) Surprisingly strange experience.
short story collections, hands down!
We're working on getting on Pandora!
I just sent you a DM lest my entire feed becomes us talking about The Voice.
How long do you think booing and heckling of a player would be tolerated at The Masters?
“: Its amazing how many so called "best friends, trustees, and confidants" you have after you die. #WhitneyHouston” Truth.
Thank ya(:
Off to Portland!
voted x5! :P
Occupy Portland plans to take "direct action" against companies linked to American Legislative Exchange Council.
Summer Holiday is here!:))))
Do you think I'm special? Do you think I'm nice? Am I bright enough to shine in your light?
RT : Pretty sure my hubby just caught me staring at a woman's breasts from across the poker table... So what?
what's y'all email address so I can FWD these emails someone's try to reach y'all at to?
Don't let them dissuade you! DC is great. Are you staying in the district again on Sunday?
Santorum and anti-sex feminists have at least one thing in common then.
what happened
please don't do that. Your much too pretty to cry!!!!
Everything in the universe has a rhythm, everything dances
My mom just bought Taylor swift concert tickets & she's making me go with my sister and her friend... It's in about a month...
we back in action!!!! follow back
all those dusty books!
I miss you terribly, I hope you are safe.
I hope not. It's already too much in my opinion. I do not believe the market will bear 1k per share.
So wish I could go to The Avengers midnight premiere tonight but I guess the fact that I'll be at Disney World instead makes up for it!
I worked with Nates dad, do u know what happened?
YESSIR! RT : Let's get it started. Looking forward to an exciting night. Thanks for joining us.
#MJtrial Conrad Murray taken into custody! Shocker!
Evangelism is hard, so don't go it alone - check out today and get the help you need now!
Therefore I use therefore too much.
“: And I say hell yeah fucking right!(;” MY SONG *_*
Great. So a mom brings her kid to work, asks the other producers to show them their work, but me? She wants me to show her a farting video.
We live in such a messed up world and I'm sick of it
- Thanks for the welcome! and JHUers - Thanks for following!
I bet u 4got all about the Birdwalk dance.I bet u also 4got how stupid Keri Hilson's lame a** looked trying 2 do it in her video lol.
Fosho lemme me know when it's done dog can't wait to hear it maine
#letsdothis we have trained for tomorrow all season, let's go boys!
Do you like to do lunges during your workout?
you make me feel like the luckiest girl in the world. <3
I am not hating this Birdy cover of Young Blood
keep tweeting about Nowhere Records artists and I'll RT every single one! :)
absolutely, as well as any sort of logo/branding stuff if you need it. PM us or contact via dkhcreative.com & let's talk!
I love being independent from my parents.
friday Brooklyn Express the place 2b new party spot in the ville. 418 E. Russell St. come fwu. ladies FREE all night Guys 5 b4 11 $2 drinks
I'm another Kristina from MN (but now in Austin) and very interested in smart web content. Would love to chat sometime
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Colgate Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
Dick Harmon is tweeting the BYU presser
Around this time tomorrow night, Colouring Lesson will be rocking the stage at Ram's Head.
at least you like my statuses so thats a start kinda
RT : Meme du jour: "North Carolina, where you can marry your cousin. Just not your gay cousin." [via ]
Homeboy was definitely on steroids.
Philip Glass and Ira Glass are related? Sigh. -1 Ira Glass.
(cont.) And the second is called “staccato,” which means detached.
I wanna cuddle & makeout.
Big Time Rush = Big Time Inspiration <3333
If your not adding to my life consider yourself subtracted from it <U+270C>
The question of resource availability keeps coming up in terms of the future of technology.
What? RT : that been in the trap track with 2 Chainz goes, IMO. I like the bass on that track...oh
when I'm asked if I'm single<<<
you WOULD be my 3000th follower ;) Love ya gurl
Cuse went down. Cats stand alone!
Planning concerts in NY for November
I went downtown seattle the day after and there were flyers everywhere but they all had dicks drawn on them
. So, if RC has been the answer for ten years, shouldn't PSAT and ECAs bear out the program's affect?
Who remembers how the Baby/Sky Blue CLK 320 was a hit in american music videos?!
Let's use that little pot of money for the #Vikings Stadium! Let's put the #IRRRB into the general fund where it belongs
Held out for more money, but hasn't justified it whatsoever. Whoever holds out of practicing is not a good teammate.
Oh, hah. Our designers are working on something better for when we launch our new contest site.
check me out fam, I got material you'll like!
Staying up until 2 am to watch the first race of the year from Australia >>>>>
Did your 2pm appointment get cancelled? Register now for this afternoon's African American Literature Webinar (2pm EST)....
I have a mentor...and my mentor is hot and talented and wise...who could ask for anything more...
Life's too short to match sox. Just throw 'em away and buy new ones :)
if your in Minnesota, then you have to go either north, south, east, or west
lost the Kentucky Derby.
Making dreams come true <3 <3
Wow, spot on. Thanks!
Did you see the twist coming? I admit, I never thought it would be (SPOILER ALERT!) Logan's dad.
I didn't see you tweet me! Sorry, haha.
Great White Buffalo is coming to New York. Deal with it. Im talking to you
Once again doesn't disappoint at incredible live show!
. Board Pres. Dr. Bob Donovan displays his "Housing Now" t-shirt from 1989 and recognizes those working 20+ yrs in HCH
For the record, I don't want to live in a world where people give a fuck about ur score.
Choose to be you - don't wait for other people's permission to live your life and pursue your speaking and info marketing success.
okay, please email me your info, bio, contact # to . Looking 4wd to know all about y Nicole Loves Fire!
You can't do it like us!
Competing between different domains: Cognitive Domain, Affective D, and Experiential D. Ask Dr. Chris Renda. Fascinating!
The great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do. Walter Bagehot
A tweet from would really make me feel better right now..
Can't wait to see. Babes gear one of these days too :)
Say Something if Your Feeling The Vibe ..<3
said that Hogie. Bucky is in some trouble here
I love the colored shirts! Have a blast this weekend! I wish I could be there to see your last show
How fun!! Is there a hashtag for the event?
Is this clippers and spurs series worth watching?
eBay removed my auction for violating their policy, but I see no policy violation. Currently on hold with them awaiting a fix.
Louie C.K. Hilarious!!
Damn...some of these broads should wear make up 24/7..Have you seen some of these hoe's without make up? Lmao
oh really now? *grins*
haha, definitely. :) cool is as cool does!
Wondering where we will go from here..I'm in no rush but I need answers
Great to connect. Looking forward to helping you take over the #yyc for the Halloween season .
#Supernatural is better RT : Thank #Grimm it's Friday!
Brewers and Big10Pub both division champs this year!
Love unconditionally, even when you think you're convinced that love isn't possible.
yea right lol
beach singers. c;
Yay! Owen Charles faith 7lbs 15 oz 20.25 inches was just born, so happy for & Joe!!!
yea yea I was I killed dat CÎROC I blackout lmao
There is a huge playoff matchup for this weekend...HUGE
Oh if you ordered a shirt I need you to friend me on fb cuz I made a group lol
I'm bored , Someone tweet me ? (:
...MLB should cater to us East coast fans & start the games at 7...<No way bro...Cali fans still at work...lol!
ur welcome n ok
The movie or the book?
Thank you. Mr. Lincoln was a great man.
Nook has the GlowLight? Will Kindle get a FleshLight?
no doubt ..
Jakarta University Taps IBM Smarter Computing to Enhance Student Experience - India Education Diary
That failed. I'm getting wings and beer instead.
“: RT : What's the easiest way for a rep to get their foot in the door? #intdesignerchat” Bring us food!!
Everyone is in NY this weekend for bamboozle & I wont be there for the first time in years! I'm actually sad! Someone book me a ticket!
Ohh Ik her LoL she was in my class in like grade 2 & 3 (: LOL last time I saw her was at the beach :D I went to her house
What happened to decency? Why do all my morals seem a waste?
That urge you get when u want to write "nobody fucking cares" on someones Facebook status.
ur the douchbag Bitch got suck a Dick
are u guys all ok
haha for real! They've got the best salad bar ever!
Only SIX seats left at tomorrow's dinner at ! Call us at 619-797-1922 to snag your spot!
There are definitely some trails that would probably be easier to navigate if you were, say, a mountain goat.
Cookies for breakfast? I think yes.
I feel you. Same here, you enjoying your weekend?
or when that lady was down and recovered in time to not drop her funnel cake.
I'm better off without you.. than by my side.. So now there is no longer...
Took a shower with a friend the other night and just got the pics. HAWT! Too hot for twitter, but HAWT!
She got into like 10 fights this year
Interseting. I would've guessed that Stanton home run was much closer to the line than that
I need more followers please
Please vote today! Write in Adrian #Fenty for #DC #Mayor!
that's my all-African-American Black Flag cover band
that was my plan! :D I'm so excited, my mom already said she would drive me and !
Today is Monday that feels like Friday. Which is fine for today, but will be sad tomorrow when it will neither be nor feel like Saturday.
uggggg. Let's go to the library today shall we NY? Book smell will cheer me up.
home run YES! What, it was by Ingel?... er
If it makes you feel better, it only happens occasionally :D
why aren't you here at #turnerhallballroom for ?
same here bro. Good luck sleeping
LAX TO NYC :)
So looking forward to a quiet night inside my air conditioned house! It's over a 100 degrees in Minnesota...what's up with that?
Exciting meeting at MCC today. We'll be paying students up to $20/hour cash to study there starting January 24th.
Wondertwin Powers, ACTIVATE! :)
On the #SteveDeaceShow in 20 minutes. Tune in!
Siberia contains more than 25% of the world's forests
ive not played games only use mobile phone for it
that sounds good
re: midwest heat the NW can't even comprehend..my uncle in Kansas City's a/c broke. Liv rm, bedroom 90 degrees...coolest rooms in the house.
Your number? I blocked that you stuff? I trashed that My feelings? No more of that You? I'm over that <U+2665><U+2605><U+266A><U+30C4><U+30C4><U+30C4>
The federal courts are known in the legal world for their more sophisticated commercial knowledge as well as superior caliber of...
My new son is a week old today!!!! (no I don't plan on getting ridiculous with the anniversaries, either)
Just saw a great article about one of my pet peeves...
Good signing sir. Are you gonna make the wedding? I hope yall can make it.
Thank you!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B> it was a long day, but I think today will be better- she slept through the night last night <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> Woo! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
aw sweets!!..at least u will be together for valentines day!! .. EEk!! =)
I'm not sure who's killing who this week Christian, but the pool & I are very much having a wrestling match : )
happy hour is not too far away
#thatawkwardmoment when someone is blasting a song and u hear them singing the wrong lyrics.
haha he follow u back someday :D
That didn't count as an #fmc, Jacob.
yup, I prefer it that way
"Only love resides in my life."
congrats on yo success
I just got asked to prom! :)
Let love come to you, be patient. In fairy tales they don't find each other until the last page.
i'm not sure yet… best advice i can give is to keep an eye on the internship page on the site.
yeh, it crept up on us... i didn't know until a few days ago myself
Good morning! Up and at 'em ^AP
225 is the over/under for how many poll results I RT between now and Election Day.
Not yet, but he was visiting the Vikings last I heard
Good luck on your show Friday night! I know you will be Great!! (:
Happy Birthday from your Sacramento ICONiacz. Hope you have an amazing birthday
Thanks! will contact!
If your reading this right now ....... And a girl then your beautiful<3.
NYU Libraries, w/ UCSD Libraries & UIUC Libraries, has been awarded Mellon Foundation grant for software dev integrating the AT & Archon.
no; zombie scotch w/ apple pie!!
Trying to get over a certain someone telling me that J. Mascis sounds like Elmer Fudd.
I hope that when I find 'the one' its somewhere interesting like on a rollarcoaster or at a concert :)
and I forgot to mention the cincy ama yp twitter handle, great event !
Just because you kill people doesn't mean that guns don't. You're probably a little puss and killed all of them using one.
Reggie Wayne still a member of the #Colts means my jersey is still relevant which saves me like $80
are you such a #lazyeater that you prefer us to grill or do you aim for a grill table?
Hey there, nice to meet you! Can always appreciate a fan girl who digs scifi and films! What are some of your faves?
I hate when they call you in the middle of the night sounding real sloppy! Not what I call sexy...
Though in this day and age, that really depends on ur company's retention policy!
For the first time ever, I was completely baffled by technology today. The Coca-Cola Freestyle soda fountains at AMC Olathe, to be exact.
LeOvrrated RT : "LeBrick" is my least favorite. Followed by "LeChoke." Then everything with "Le" in front of it sarcastically,
“: My hamstrings are so tight after skiing yesterday. #RoyalmanIsSoTight” You probably shouldn't be sore after skiball!
Glad I don't have to psychoanalyze last night's nightmare about giving a moldy snowglobe to my 2nd grade teacher
he only has about 5k fans worldwide. I can handle it haha. Honestly tho why don't they fight Pirog or Golovkin?
yeah. Truth.
Portland Police showed us photos from inside homes after squatters moved in. Lock picking kit, fight training gear and anti-police material.
Austin Mahone has change my life in many positive ways. I hope he does the same for all of you. I know he's helped many others.
having this Rachmaninoff's piano sonata, let's head to this iBT materials, yes, I'm dating these books tonight, what a superyeaahs! :)
I love your site! - who provides the content? I wish would add an "about" page :D
Drugstore shampoo contains sulfates that strip moisture from your hair, leaving it dull and dry. Not a bargain.
#OneThingYouShouldntDo : copy another person's artwork -- then say you were "inspired by" the person you ripped off.
Busy agenda this week: Research project meetings in Baltimore Thurs/Fri; Campaign for Future of Higher Ed meeting in Michigan Sat/Sun.
Love you support and friendship :)
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: Always remember you are up against people. People make mistakes. People can get flustered. Take advantage if you can.
Meetings Day in the city for The Wailing!
#nowplaying Summers & Fripp 'I Advance Masked' - such a great album.
i see lol
me! My stepdad makes them & they are tasty. :) I grew up in southern California.
thanks for the follow! I am glad we are now connected!
The best bands to run to? #StaticX #Pantera #Immolation and #BlackSabbath. What's on ur play list?
Take a few quick shots or vid. Loop the thumbs into the front of the jeans. As usual a big smile or blank stare can make or break the shot.
anyone else have the worst allergies today? -_-
this must my mom black cause she says this all the time. Haha.
Of all human activities, man's listening to God is the supreme act of his reasoning and will
Sushi lunch in Silverlake
Thanks for the mention #AlexanderInt Jessica
This All-Star game is getting nasty already. Lol
Dont forget to enjoy the best wines,best food,and best service,also for happy hour,$4,5,6 will get you everything you need at La Cofradia
"Love don't cost a thang..."
Happy St. Patty's Day everyone... How bout a green shot...green chartreuse!
hahah! That's awesome we'll be thinking about a prize and get back to ya!
We are the boys in motion we give you our devotion
We need a hip modern local bathroom to film a video at. Got any suggestions?
Lmaaaaooooooo. My little sister over here about to start crying cause she thinks she's about to get a shot aha.
whateves party next weekend!!!!
That is just mean.
our asses
I Alley-Oop ya bitch off that backboard she throw it back , I'm slam dunk in that pussy , Blake Griffin That Hoe
Tonight 2/17 @ Twins Jazz - MATT WIGLER (JAZZ/BLUES PIANIST) WITH SCOTT AMBUSH AND MIKE AUBIN
#Haiti Cholera Team 5 vols brave unusual snowfall in NW and leave for Haiti today. Spending their Thanksgiving serving w/ us.. TY!
Rays take a 4-1 lead... That's probably the ballgame....
a late response guys but it was close. Lol that Sac bunt technically doesn't count right? lol. So the under wins
how painful “: Its killing me to think of you in bed with somebody new </3”
# np big k.r.i.t.-boobie miles. This shit is too smooth for words
Looking forward to your updates since we won't be able to attend
got UNC winning it all hoping Henson gets healthy... if not I'm screwed and yourself?
Auditions today! (:
JP Morgan Chase lost so much money I'm surprised it hasn't asked to borrow some from me.
Happy Birthday ! Have fun today <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009D>
This game is Baylor's to lose.
listen to music - it has all the answers
BIG PARTY WEEK HERE IN SAN ANTONIO!!! THURSDAY-KLUSOZ---FRIDAY-COCO LOUNGE---SATURDAY-SUNSET STATION---SUNDAY-KLUSOZ.....
It would b different if I depended on u but I dont n whn I do ask ya now u want 2 act like a duck smh REALLY LOL
is the crazy pueblo woman to my Puerto Rico
Customers can pre-select their favorite car, hotel and air companies and only view their preferred options
Yay! Sounds great, Now we just need it to stay out! RT : The sun came out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><U+2600>
Wishing you all a very Merry Christmas!
Being a writer seemed like a good gig. You don't have to talk to people or wear clothes. -
FWIW I am on twitter 100% when awake, if not in chats
Hang tight, Day 7's clues will be posted later this evening. Sorry for the delay!
and and his bookcase climb is genius. "What did I come for again?"
just let us be able to assign duplicate numbers please!
If this doesn't work out, I will honestly be heartbroken <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> #praying <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
wow! congratulations!
And you warmed our childhoods, Leonard! Thank you for sharing your artistic brilliance with us! Blessings, Suzanne :)
really? Again with April? In a stahl? That's super hot.
American troops in the camps north of Boston have started to mobilize.
Ace Hotel was jumpin in the wee hours last night. Heard great laughter on the sidewalk.
When casey calls jennas baby a mistake<<< pisses me the fuck off
I am so thankful for my brothers and They are such an inspiration.
Not sure yet. Will probably come down to whether it's 21+ or not. Do you know if it is?
For me it's a nagging sense that my job requires it. Torture seems the right word tho.
Talking to your crush makes everything better
May B a break in 1990 Isabella Stewart Gardner Art Heist. Local News reporting police searching home of of CT mobster now.
Black-eyed peas, country sausage, cornbread, and cole slaw (about the only way the kids will eat cabbage), ready for
we always are <3
Took the day off enjoying the sun!!!
Dear I just followed the greatest special teams coach ever, I can't wait for some insight...
47.7 million Americans work for firms with 500 or more employees...
Wedding Website: New Wedding Website Creator, Weduary, Connects Guests Before ... - Huffington Post
The moratorium on bad jokes about Dick Clark dying lasted less than a minute. How long have they been waiting for this?
That's great! I'd start by reading up as much as you can and making a list of what sounds good. Then you can start mapping!
#GeekTrivia answer: Who was Captain Cold's sister, who also became one of the Flash's enemies? Lisa Snart, aka The Golden Glider
I do not feel good at all
For, this Twitter circle ( incl) has awarded me more significance than I evr received from my institution aside from my pupils
dude. Dudes. Yes. So much yes.
Is French kissing in France just called kissing?
Glory, glory!
There are (2) people in the world: People you use and people you utlize!
In the same boat. Same question. RT : Didn't see Hulk, Capt America, or Thor. Do I need to see them to enjoy Avengers?
Happy Birthday to one of the worlds most beautiful people! I love you! You are a gift and an inspiration to us all!
Shout out to my fabulous Brothers of Omega Psi Phi. Happy 100th year Anniversary....O-Op!!!!!!
This game is why I love football.
cool now transfer to ut!
oh well theres a Mexican bring it on one haba
Investing on an effective personal image gives you a valuable advantage toward achieving your goals.
oh I am totally accepting!! But do u have the authority to invite?
My baby not feeling to good today
#EBUS118 Class is now over - thank you for your participation - I hope you had fun and learned a bit about Social Media Marketing too
RT : "Your time is limited. Don't waste it living someone else's life." -- Steve Jobs
Just rewatching the UK UofL game
ah.....just got home.....3rd night that i went out.....round 4 tonight!!...wednesday night!!...its like my cash is never ending!!
Getting ready! Its too early for me.
Cute I hope Big didn't get eaten.
speaking now about his involvement in exposing
Hey #Verizon getting my Fios set up is turning into a #comcast like experience. I may stick with
Variety: Ashton Kucher to play Steve Jobs in indie bio-pic. (his ex was very good in btw)
is actually listening to Interactive web conferencing about "Post-Click Seo for Greater Online Marketing ROI".
In the name of allah I did not write that shit
Tutti Frutti and I go back a long way.
Good day, about to get to work!
Dexters now serves Julius Echter..... My new favorite place has been born
It has changed so much! 100 years worth in a decade essentially. Nice seeing you! Will you be speaking ih a Canadian accent now?
So "gormless" means stupid, and "gorm" means a foolish person. Wow, either way you can't win in the gorm department.
About to enjoy musical seduction by John Legend and my fav sexy girl Sade! Can't wait!
Put a little salt in it! Love you!
:))) you did amazing. I love you.
Argentina vs Brasil - I say MEXICO
: worry not. You had nothing to do with it :)
Flight tracker worked. Josh's plane arrived 30 minutes ago. Now I need son tracker.
yes, thank goodness! Have a wonderful weekend
If i #ignoredtextmessages it only because im Busy!!
Man I need to trip up to GB for training camp so I can get my pic signed by He's doin the Raji in XLV bay-be!!
It's a sign when you're going to work a) before the sun is up, b) before a bagel shop opens, c) Starbucks is closed OR d) all of the above
where u at ma?
Heading to Florida. (: with Mamaw.
Our Mobile Adoptions Unit will be at PetCo, 10700 Lomas NE from 10am-2pm today!
lmao hell yeah I really hate when I'm tryna respond fast and have to delete the same word bout 5 fuckin times
Hey our favorite followers....we have been on hiatus but will be soon returning! We love you!
Done. But it's not a skirt, it's a kilt.
I don't know. Does any site have better content than Gamasutra? Plenty of biz there.
Holy Shit, something funny is happening!!
The Crew, the Blue Jackets and the Clippers... a busy sports Saturday in Columbus!
I needed a good laugh tonight. Thank you.
Best dressed ms Paltrow! I literally lost my breath when I saw her!
$250 fee for drinking at the cheap jesusfreak hotel im staying at in pompano. i thought Jesus' blood was wine these days
I should do that. But my work is ... home. ;)
Teachers can use the quotes as writing prompts or to help students create Mother's Day and Father's Day cards.
Wonder what's more expensive. A 30 sec #WorldSeries commercial or a 30 sec #Superbowl commercial
Kansas and Arizona surge ahead in 2012 Race to the Bottom. Alabama and Mississippi fall far behind for 1st time. Brownback & Brewer proud
going to be boring bro
when do you come home to the cbus next? i miss you!
Manifest plainness, Embrace simplicity, Reduce selfishness, Have few desires.
Great website :D. We are still looking for the best option for august 18th. Will send you email ASAP. Have a great day
NORTH HILLS Beach Music. Find us and get free cover tonight
Let me know when you want to play. RT : yea man, now I gotta put em to work!
Great segment on black marriage. Made me realize that we still are harboring destructive beliefs and behaviors.
not before hearing from me!!!
Watching Act of Valor for the second time. Next is The Courier and Intruders...
unconditionally in love , is it the same as in love ?
thanks for the RT!
idk...$100+ is pretty steep for after the costs just to get in...this is a big debate in my head currently
The person who waits for conditions to be perfect before acting is still waiting.
Has HootSuite ever been integrated into a business database (possibly a database). Can you contact me about this?
Delta flight 3163 quarantined after grounding at #Chicago's Midway Airport. is investigating "contagious situation" h/t
Wow...I actually had a really good wkend?
My pleasure! Cheers!
Uh... Onside kick? Really?
starting presentation on "Git 101, or how to sanely manage your #kohails customizations"
Gathering inspiration for my makeup studio. Tons on my agenda lately!
YAY!!!!!! #MBAVseason2 is coming soon!!!!Im so excited possibly too excited but who cares!!!!;);););)
great thing for our community. thanks for spreading the love. :)
Only 20 days away from opening...check us out on facebook at www.facebook.com/offtheclockbar
Fergie Shows Her Softer Side in Christian Siriano on NYE Fergie was one busy lady this past New Year 's Eve! The Black Eyed Peas star end
I know that list is getting crazy long but they make this page possible.
We're 5 - 1, and area play starts this Wednesday !
HOW LONG ARE THEY STAYING? IN CHICAGO?
There is no reason to use a word that marginalizes a group of people. We are #atheists and we are better than that.
Beyond excited for 8*twelve. Congrats !
it's ok. I'll let you slide this time
no way. Charleston? We may see wessy wes
In need of weight loss advice, skin treatments, or breast augmentation, call Lexington Plastic Surgeons for a Free consultation 212-223-0716
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Sloan is too good looking to die.
The #RingerFinale is gonna be sweet. I'll miss watching it every week tho
Back to #Boston after a great kick off meeting AND finally got to see some Colorado mountains w
Good morning my #Fashionistas! It's that Time Again! #TrendsTues!! Remember use the hashtag & tweet a pic/link!Topic will be announced soon!
Okay ... every needs to really start googling Santorum again. Clearly no Limit to this reactionary hate and fear speech. Wake up America
Chest hair >>>
you blew the paper I wrote more or less on this subject for class out of the water. Guess that's why I leave it to the pros!
Had a great workout today. Now, I'm at work getting my money up. I'm gonna enjoy it because come April, it's a whole different ball game.
I like these ideas, but can see many students just expecting their profs to be their personal lab asst
It's money over
u can either pay by credit or debit card or paypal
Oh crap. Mikey and an Impact tackled each other and rolled and rolled and had to be parted by the ref. gee. Now yellow on Montreal for other
I'll tell u when I see u :)
Nobody roots for Goliath. ~ Wilt Chamberlain
So after taking the lights down....we have to rehang them -___-
How many job interviews will I have before I learn that it's best say as little as possible when asked about my weaknesses?
It's definitely something you can get up and dance to.
Where the dollars flow, the interest goes.
newest one
I MISS YOU TOO!
Is it a false positive or cherry picking when you have a bad day b4 u know it's Fri 13?
For a true Zelda fan...I can't beleive Im just now playing Wind Waker. One of the best Zeldas ever...I can see the inspiration for Skyward
Hello everybody why does it still like 2011 like i keep thinking it is until 3 months into this year
Makin my reggae playlist now for tomorrow..finishing chest piece..I'm like<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> but I know ima be like <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>..lol
Isn't that written on the Taco Bell sauce packets?
I was just watching Ellen and Justin bieber made a girl speechless haha <U+E057>
Haha, sounds good! See you very soon :)
Gatorade has dropped it's endorsement of Tiger Woods. Gatorade claims the decision was made months ago.
Do you know that we don't have NASCAR on the radio in NYC?
RT : #FF Follow these cool peeps:
Should i go on the brand new x flight at six flags??? Hm
Everyone... just ignore the hate accounts. You're giving the haters the satisfaction and attention they do NOT need. Mahomies gonna love<333
I'm at a KUSI live shot with Give Clean Water and Santa Fe Christian School talking about their Fiji mission trip...tune in!
The akward ass moment when you don't know wether your single or not ..
I'm so lucky I get to work with people everyday.
#pilgf Love the fact that I just ordered Ninive Calegai's books from Amazon while sitting listening to hear.
Thanks! I'm looking forward to it too!
And mermen!
“: It's not even funny how the radio could turn one of my favorite songs into a song that i hate.”
Josh Hamilton cannot be stopped!
Planning this years family summer vacation....where should we go???
”Withey and the miracles”
I need a Happy Meal.
I have change a lot lately and knowing that I don't like it has helped me realize I wanna go back to the real me
Looking for Seattle female "boarding" brand Ambassadors !!! Please send interest to
#ThingsIWantTheMost for all the cat mills around the world to be shut down
I hate #FIFA12 tonight
THANK YOU GOD!
I gotta be strong...gotta keep on holding on...
Dont stop! believe it! hold on to tht feelin! street lights, people!
ohgodpleaseno. i'd rather peel off my own skin to stay cool than have the s-word...
I like my chili HOT....as a matter of fact, I like my chili so got damn hot that you can cook a hogs ass in a spoonful.....
and its him .
thanks, Rohit. Truly appreciate it. helping folks think through things from a different angle is exactly why we wanted to do it
i'm a really big deal on pinterest
Hey,hw r u..did u check ur DM
To reach a great height a person needs to have great depth. -Anonymous
yeah I forgive you for what you did, but that doesn't mean I forgot about it
that's a lie good trees tho
I've thought of getting one of those. Might as well do two things at once with all the time I spend on the computer. Right?
RT : Probably at least a couple jobs. Maybe/I feel like I'm playing Jeopardy...I'm given the answer & need to remember the quest.
3 days into boot camp I can hardly walk. Today is going to be rough, but already seeing some results
Creativity limits ability and ability limits creativity.
Rewind my stream
Titanic in 3D on April 4thhhh. I've seen that movie so many times, but in 3D? LEGGOOO!
My fotune cookie today: "your dearest wish will come true." Best fortune possible I'm pretty sure. This is just great
U don't have DM anymore?
I'm ready!
Awesome, nothing more annoying than sneezing right after you apply mascara. F
Thanks Tone for RT of the film clip "Beach Slapped". Keep posting great articles & pics! :0)
If any of them want to get married I'm okay with it. okay.
it's a native xml database that's designed for fast search & can really scale Univ of Toronto is another library MarkLogic customer
I'm an assistant editor for a reality show on ABC Family, haha. Haven't kept up on my amazing writing, Frank does pop up at times.
Although I never read the comic books.
haha. Im glad!
Coca Cola should team up with SmartCar. Fill the car to the roof with soda, and when you're done, you can drive the can. Ride a train today
Yeah, I miss it.
yes even boo. :l
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Going to get CoCo---Of to Austin!
Can you ask MH if he can get me some playoff tickets? Lol
You bet, thanks for the kudos.
When leaving a message for a reporter, talk slowly and be understandable. Inaudible phone calls are guaranteed to be deleted. RealNewsPR.com
That is the worst:( RT : Stinks when your sick and you can't taste the flavors of food!
Watching Hell's Kitchen...Why is this show so addicting to watch. ;)
B is for boy, and balls and bats. And bikes and bears, and banged up knees. RT if you know where that's from! ;)
I don't like OSU, but I hate kU...so tonight i'll say I-O.
sometimes helplessness is just inexperience, many times learned behavior , teachers can't always correct , may need counselor
looking forward to the grand opening.
Ha! Auto correct is auto awesome.
Fun Fact: Venting helps you calm down and focus on what would happen if...
someone needs to watch it
I just had a dream about one direction
RIP Dusty:'(
I think you'd be impressed with the #RVA registry week. Found close to 100 people over the past 2 days.
Yay! Let there be light!!
dont hate on greatness. stunt your blessings.
Anyone know of a good book about the Hollywood propaganda machine?
was there actually anyone of us who could talk about that issue?
Quick question, have you ever used a 1.4x converter with a TS-E 90mm or 45mm? Is it possible? Thanx in advance.
thanks for the shout out bro! Please tell friends n family about my ep on iTunes
Bring me the sun, cause I slide off the moon!
thank you! We would never allow a philly product in our homegrown section though haha! Not as long as the flyers are still in the nhl
Whatever happened to other Olivia's baby?
#Weather Forecast for Friday Night
Can i see Yesenia tomorrow? She's pretty legit. :)
Never trust these Hoes
Get it in! Happy working. :-)
is going to go on to have an amazing music career just like did when he got eliminated
Excellent!!: Reproductive Rights and the Long Hand of Slave Breeding %7C The Nation http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2FGDzGVa
and a happy valentine's to YOU!
thanks for showing me today. Awesome place. Good luck to and the rest!
Be a part of something big by paying little. Join #ALPFA w/ a student membership for half-off the original price (was $20, now $10)
do you ever just putz around the house, waiting until you can legitimately go to bed?
RT : Mothers day is get high with your homeboys day aka everyday
You couldn't see anything but every now and then you'd hear this rumbling noise go by
Heidi Klum Takes The Kids To Disneyland! - Radar Online
Been hanging out with all day... Worked with him Mon, Tues, and now tomorrow! Let's see what we can make happen for Friday!
Miss you too sir! Love you and Happy New Year!
once you cross that line aint no going back
I can't even go back to sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
I had a great birthday!
Hey twitter family, my mother is missing. If you are in the North Carolina or Virginia area please note the following:
I agree! Why watch all season love the crap out of them then hate now. Seems like people are too needey. Its playoff hockey!
Hi Melinda, will try to make it tonight! Sent you e-mail for Radio Show next week; let's talk about it! Helene
G-Row in J-Chizzle cuz we is Chadults! ;)
I'm going to regret staying up this late in the morning.
Math problems: "Jane bought 72 sofas." BITCH, who the hell would buy 72 sofas? - Madeas voice lmao
welcome! Did you plan to do this during "your week"?
Overseas internships and service work interest you? Join us Sunday at #TeenLifeLIVE NYC and let sponsor assist you!
NEW BLOG POST: In Defense of Awkwardness. I hate being awkward, uncomfortable, or unsure. And yet, I'm defending it...
When we begin to understand the Tabernacle is Jesus and build ministry from this pattern we shall experience th latter Glory!
The Oscar buzz was an excellent feeling in LA today.With a little bit of faith and action on my part, I will def be attending next yr oscars
Though I despise Bush/Cheney, I am skeptical that their "conviction" will ever come to anything, given US disregard for international law.
home now
Some people r like Slinkies:not really good 4 anything, but they still bring a smile to ur face when you push them down a flight of stairs.
But of course!
Independence, I hear. Shouldn't be too hard to find a meth dealer there.
Hey AU...guess who's back?!
Excellent, glad you got to see it. All we get in CHI is Blackhawk helicopters.
Misspelling things when tweeting <
It's getting down to the wire... One more hour until the polls close!
they have a good business school too
#Haiti country was already in ruins B4 EQ. 3 months is a very small amount of time to even get them to 'normal'.
yeah...hmm dick
You guys need to stop pissing off, she's to fucking amazing
This foo is getting turned on by my burping lmao xD
The Original Funny Facebook Status Updates
What types of games are being played How's it going down if it's on til it's gone then I gots to know now is you with me or what?
Sleep well tonight dear body,It's I who has u doing ,yoga, arobics & weight lifting daily,the soul of this mans heart in shock bye lost mate
I like it here. I may stay a spell...
watching my episode of a tv show that's on right now!!
it's been 5 years already!? Damn I'm getting old.
I am so glad Floyd gave Ortiz something else to cry over besides his parents.
thanks for helping bring the MVP's together. And perfect location for it just down the street from my work.
Me Too lol I swear it would be one of the best seasons
I'm dreading these next 7 hours. -_-
I think it is finally time to walk across Lake Valentine.
hey can I use a.."STOP TALKING!" but i was just..."SHUSH!" but I..."DON'T WANT TO HEAR IT" what a douche. "WHAT?!" oh now u want 2 hear it..
Eating shit with
dude I miss you so mucho come back to the best state Eva!! ;)
Definitely helps, hahaha. RT : I value you… if that helps.
Call to action - "submit" or "go to payment option" -- the latter drives the user far more!
Jennifer Hudson releases her new song, "Keg Legs."
lol. guess i needa step my twitter game up!! lol. sorry love
After lunch today, I am playing football with some friends so I have to be careful and not get hurt.
Rt me to i need to work out
Oh, jafardzija, remember when you used to blow wins for starters?
LOL RT : give me your next available appt..do you set up appts via twitter? this might be the first one ever!
at 2 oh im hatin lol.but imma try to have fun.
Great reading at CB1!!!!
Being a nanny is the best birth control out don't get me wrong I love the boy but wow 8:15 and still run'n around <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
"Simply, there are people who can not write, do not call do not speak, and they will still be the closest."
im not
#BestWaysToGetRidOfAGirl is by crashing your motorcycle when she's on board.
yep, that's what I meant. Sounds pretty cool, and I'm not even familiar with the industry! Also cool that it's in NC ;)
Thanks so much :)
last I heard...she was going to try it on....she is CRAZY.
HELP SUPPORT OUR MUSIC PLEASE LIKE OUR PAGE PLEASE FOLLOW US ON TWITTER THANK YOU ALL ND WE LOVE YALL!!!!
Gillie aint goin tonite!!! Foul hin once shame on you! Foul him twice DUNKS ON YOU!!! Watch and see!!!
Menu tasting for the wedding in Zionsville and my bridal shower today... wish you were here, dude! (P.S. Let's skype soon!)
Undercover cops should not be allowed.
Yay I got the job
Guys dont go for you because they like you, they go for you because your easy.
Preach. RT : "Searching the library website is fun!" -No One, Ever.
You buying me a brew, Jurecki?
All I wanna do today is not give a flying fuck and chill.
GO CAPS! : #Caps claim a 3-2 win over #NYR in Game 4, even series at two games apiece.
not so sure
I'll send you all my love, everyday in a letter and sealed it with a kiss.
YES FLOWER JA Siguas YOU THANK YOU FOR YOUR ATTENTION
operating crime and terrorists watch program its cold as hell!!
The key is not to die for your country, but make the other bastard die for his! - Gen
I gotta put it down and play my cards right
Yeah y'all right that was mean...but y'all think he would share lala with me ?? Um no. So therefore I'm not sharing with him
Hello, in-flight wifi!
At the Reagan Presidential Library. Get to see Air Force One... Pretty cool stuff.
Hello cyber world....this is a voice in the cloud.
So mad that I'm sick- almost passed out at the 9 Eucharist this morning. Planted on the couch sending good vibes to you.
It's to cold outside
Thanks, dear!
My niece knows how to maneuver everything on the iPhone and talk to Siri, she's 2.
Hey , thanks for the mention...it's a pleasure to follow you! :)
seriosuly took some guts. His wife is sticking with him & heard the band isn't going anywhere either
haha..it's my representation of you :-)
If you got an android..you're a hoodrat..
I hope not
you on a streak right now. But its understandable. EVERYONE knows eyeve been playn wit Oregon since dennis dickson days.
Cleaning my room right now , and i would like to thank all my followers for following me. i know i haven't been tweeting that much but thnx
Indeed! But, if we considered 90N/S each as two tiny tiny circles of latitude, then 181?
Leftover pizza is significantly better than day-of pizza.
screw it. im cracking one of these bottles open and saying EFF YOU, TODAY!
: "the greatest risk is to take no risk"
god :p
will be the last pick
sobbing omg
Yippee!!! Where??? I hope you enjoy it :-)!
my friend used to babysit the little girl who played Quinns mini me on Glee. The little girls name is Avery
ii can't wait to get off work! ii need a massage!
CANT WAIT (((: IWISH U WOULD FOLLOW ME, IT WOULD BE A MIDNIGHT DREAM
hadn't thought of that! - you're definitely right though - hopefully more school districts will loosen their reigns.
Everything in Indiana smells weird...
Another beautiful warm day in LA. Ever see someone being stopped by megaphone from a police helicopter
Good luck to those of you with final papers & projects due this week!!
Today's Soups: Cheezy Cauliflower& Split Pea with Ham
Time to clean my room . It's been forever .
hahaha yep! Pretty much explaining all of the US shit we make up. Hahaha
Spilling SEO Juice -- 3 Dos and Don'ts for Writing Great Page Titles
Great session on incorporating social learning into sales training.
Kinda wanna see Avengers, again.
When God closes a door, he opens a (browser) window.
aww you are too sweet!!! hugs back
Can't believe Dyce is still sleeping....wish I could.
That's why I don't fuck with lightskins no more. They got fucking personal issues
Brett Favre and Tiki Barber to Bears in exchange for lifetime of alka seltzer to all Chicagoans
Yo Yo Bro......haven't been on in a couple days. Might have an affordable washer/dryer for your new house.
putting them on blast this early? Haha you are a trip bro!
so do you sell fresh Duck?
After a band talk and vote, Chris Wallace has decided not to go. Tesla Armada will not be doing the audition at America's Got Talent.
#instantunfollow RT : I might get Mark Curry's book. Anyone read it?
Amanda is hacking you :D , uhm .. since I can't put names , we hate you (:
Yay I Look So Hot<3
UDSIS will be down for maintenance from 7-8 am tomorrow.
you guys should get mullets
Just finished a fascinating panel discussion on Gov 2.0 & #SM. Will Gen Y politicians begin careers on twitter?
"Even Jimmy Carter would have given that order". Can't stop laughing...
It's definitely a culture of arrogance.
Congratulations on losing over 30 pounds!!! You look fabulous and your show is awesome! Keep it up :)
Mike Fernandez: "You've got to believe your own B.S."
congrats on the 5k!
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Nelson Mandela
Other celebs on state dinner guest list: Hugh Bonneville (Downton Abbey!!), Damian Lewis, Carey Mulligan
Four-dimensional storytelling.
It's time for the longest English sentence using one word… Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo.
Had a fun night with !
To invest in Facebook or not. That is the question, Mark Zuckerberg
Shoutout to : Thanks for the Follow! We're working hard to keep getting published in your awesome mag!
Oh, Princeton. You and your horse-drawn carriage rides around town for the holidays. This whole thing smacks of ... well ... Princeton.
#ThingsIwantTheMost GOOD WOMAN...
Boy it's plain to see. That your the only one for me.
Take it 2 the head
glad you said something. I didn't even realize.
The Lions don't seem to be worried about their RB situation. Are you? 248-848-1130.
Ok is that MLB TICKETS commercial tear inducing for anyone else? Or am I just a girl? Lol
Dick Clark and I go way back. //t.co/BCcQIwn9
Yes, we were. Did you see us?
Had a difficult afternoon
FOLLOW BACK EM.
he my type though. He goes to school, works, sweet, sexy, funny, DRIVES. But he straight though :(((((((
Another great discussion at Life Teen!
He's asleep :) now I can relax!
okay! im back on! who wants to talk?! :)
anytime. #loveslaborslost was outstanding and quite jaunty.
“: I still don't understand how they got the Discovery shuttle strapped to the back of a plane #delayedreaction”
What is even more crazy than Charlie Sheen? Getting Chick-fil-A Waffle Fries for free!!! Friday from 2pm - 4pm. Now that's
u r welcome beloved.
You've hit the big time, C.
You know you're bring a major pussy if you're being called out by the two biggest pussies you know. Haha.
nice vc article.
yes, Go Bears and Go JETS!!
Appreciation Mastery is the key to good business referrals.
wishes she had HBO so she could watch Entourage tomorrow night!
at least we aren't Jordan gold! :)
James just rocked Mr Cellophane from Chicago ....amazing
Thanks a lot! Which #xcskiing trail near #Oberstaufen do you think has the most spectacular scenery (easy or medium please)?
You've got gd pt. However, I wonder about less confident riders downtown. Good discussion starter.
Eagles select Fletcher Cox in draft
I really want to see her
Lest we forget.... Its just with the majority of games played on Sunday its the "money" day! Dont Judge me!
Distributor Kobe is my favorite "odd" Kobe.
hahaha love it!
After all that I've been through I thought I would never be able to love again, but then you came and happened, and everything changed. <U+2665>
Have to start a late shift tomorrow which i'm not so looking forward to.
Aw !(: Omg!!! We Need To Talk About This At School! Aha!(:
for a BRIEF moment I thought CP was Camp Point! Then I regained sanity... :)
Ha! How did you know? “: ": Name of book? Thanks!" "What goes up, should go down, but doesn't."”
The smokeable kind!!!
If im texting someone in the same room as me, i stare at them until they text back,lol.
Patty may be smiling today, but she'd be happier if Obama didn't have to come raise money for her!
thank U 4 showing me some love Bro Bro!! :-)
Love our tradition of giving finals week care packages to our student workers. So fun to see what people come up with to include :)
Happy world #puppetry day everyone! Gotta watch "Being John Malkovich" tonight! Love that film!
Caitlin Rose is live in the WMSE studios right now. Tune in! She plays tonight at Shank Hall, opening for Hayes Carll...
Nah, just a toddler 9 haha, got those adult superhero Chucks tho!
Andrea May in Minneapolis. VP, Inst. Design Services for Dashe & Thomson.
My bro wants some barley wine brew. Hitting D's this week. Favorites anyone?
You are so fine, OMG. My name is Antoine, but you can call me Anthony. I will be movin 2 da ATL in August. Hope to meet you cutie!
ooh! that's good!any more recommendations? we need to fill up our offices
So, I almost threw up this morning, and I still went and took the AP exam.
If you knew I was dying, would it change you?
two weeks for me.
So its official! We are heading back to Orlando in April to record a new single! We'll be working with again! Stoked!
wish i'd known. was there last night for the tech cocktail. we have a tiny incubator next door. stop by soon.
I know...so many things I could do. I've got some ideas, but need to work on execution!
I doubt they have a policy to allow dogs. It's the people who break the policies that are inconsiderate.
I seriously need some more followers! FOLLOW ME!! ILL FOLLOW BACK!
hunter is seventeen years old... that's awkward.
:( Who all was there this morning? I'm guessing it was pretty skeleton crew!
perhaps it is imagination that embraces, because it must embrace what it has created. Maybe all there is is what we can imagine.
Euro-zone #GDP growth stays flat on quarterly and yearly basis.
Stars who are pregnant as of this morning: Vanessa Lachey, Snookie (and engaged!). People who still aren't: Jennifer Aniston.
Melo is gonna slow the offense down way to much, gotta let Lin run
I hear ya!
Omg!!! Hella crazy excited for the hunger games movie!!! Ah!!!
#Yolo.. Just remember actions have consequences
it means retweet. I get a lot of follow Friday mentions from Italians. It's funny. Nice Flickr photo stream, by the way
Define "diver".
How do you get support for this iPad app? I just purchased a pilot upgrade and can't get it to work.
I love my niece! RT : If I miss bielema for this pointless unc press conf so help me god I will be so pissed.
Too bad you'll miss the London bout. Hope we'll see you at the rest of our bouts this season! :)
Pain pain pain when will it ever end.
big sean part decent af
RT : Wanna know a secret? Content is not king. Quality, contextually relevant content is.
Davey Richards defends the Underground Television Championship against Erick Stevens.
Welcome , , and to our #Museum family!
I seem to twitter at airports alot...hm...sitting at Logan in Amsterdam afterglow and 90th birthday bliss...m life is good!
Warm weather is bringing on allergies from fleas, pollen and grass weeds.If your dog is chewing on himself or itching, talk to your vet!
Indivisible aspects
You might also like Stay.app, which I use in addition to Divvy to manage multiple monitors.
Portland is still buzzing after last night and we are very excited for today.... Good luck boys
Chillin, IMing my sister's boyfriend. :-)
Our new page design is now live. Very similar to a profile page.
great, thanks!
I never thought I would utter these words, but man, I miss Jose Canseco.
This nigga all n my ear soundin like a bear.
LOL, Simon Le Bon must have been bored. Thx for sharing it. Chuckle chuckle... :)
#goldgate? Or maybe you need a #goldthroat for that.
What you got on my forty homie???
When the going gets tough... the tough is just horrible.
Agonizingly Big Shave 1 Oct 11
I wanna bloww some O's...
Ah gimme dat dope shit now!!!!!!!
One of the worst pains is a toothache
Watching The Bears at BW3's if anyone would like to join! BEAR DOWN!
I really need a program that converts word 2002 ebook file to pdf keeping diagrams & hyperlinks. Any suggestions?
when you see her tomorrow, tell her I have been shown negative (yes, less than none) love since I've been gone by her :/
MTG would love plan a screening of the movie, if u need ant pr and marketing needs let's us
RT : RT : New Moon: The story of a girls choice between Beastiality and Necrophilia.
Hey purdue peeps! Free yoga on tues/thurs at purdue mall/haas lawn
It was nice to meet ^DS & ^BA in person yesterday and have a great discussion about more #CERT training for
Deja Vu? We're back across from Deja Vu tonight for your late night philly snacks. Come by and say Yo! Across from the Orleans.
I'd love him too.. But yano, he left me hanging on the day I needed the most so I love you too Court.
Are they cutting the nets down?
Mitt Romney is strongly opposed to the legalization of cannabis. 13 pelicans died in Florida today.
“: just marry me already or i'll stab my dog's butthole.” The Most Romantic Proposal Ever. lolol
I would believe only in a God that knows how to dance. ~Friedrich Nietzsche
ESPN has a poll asking who will win the NL Central! Vote for the crew
ok but it would make singing "Rudolph" harder: "... had a very shiny nose. Like an electric lamp!"
Omg I'm so sorry
lucky! Did u catch a blimp of him? Was he cute?
Appalachian Granny's Menu includes: Pesto Cheesecake, Southwest Cheesecake, Bleu Cheese & Walnut Cheesecake (all 4 inch)! 614-732-2803
RT : Success is not permanent. The same is also true of failure.
so if your reading this now DO NOT sign up on the one source talent website bcuz they r a scam and ...
Ur welcome:-) if you know others please have them order: it's time for this to change!
Well good morning lovely friends. ready to make some money and have some entertainment lol
I have the BIGGEST smile on my face ever, and its all becuz of Follow him now! he is amazing! I LOVE YOU Derek !
Awesome, thanks! :D
Hello, #dollchat folk! :)
Meeting of the minds! Excited about today: work, lunch w/ and our kiddos
sorry did not reply to I was off playing Mom. Had to make the school run.
I was really ready for bed. Not this!
www.Rushflyerprinting.com - New Manhattan Location "Soho/Nolita"
it's rainy and gross outside. but still warm. #summer is so close <3
Sen Franken: without medicare people can never retire. Calls GOP agenda radical change to society.
Curious....where did you find said VA?
What are you’re techniques on having a piano practice?
With all the needles I've gotten the past two weeks. I think I'm getting over my fear!
That awkward moment when your best friend is so excited to have a twitter but your her only follower
doin good here. just workin too much!
Not in a minute. Will call him today to really catch up!
So you're hurt& not sure what 2 apply: ice or heat: Remember this: Use ice first, ask questions later. That will B right 99.9% of the time-T
Audition distraction #104: The producer offers the part to someone over the phone while you're waiting to go in.
Oh wow!! I wish we could be the rescuers.
Moving websites from server to server is a serious pain in the ass. Such a monotonous workday.
I still think of Osmosis Jones every time I take a pill. I think of all my pills as little soldiers! Haha
thanks for the retweets, y'all!
i love you please come back to NY soon!! xox
Im on some toxic blade runner slime phonk weed smoker shit
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that only the middle schoolers are prude..
Thanks #WisconsinDOT for closing all ramps to 94 west...awesome start to the day!
I just saw it, and I agree the band perry!
not if im allergic to EVERYTHING
I really love
Hangover shmangover. It's shoulders day!!!
Thanks, Tina!
President is awesome!! A POTUS to be proud of!! 4 More Years!!
When doing #Remodel be sure to sign off on the slab templet! Even if it takes 3 1/2 hours in the hot sun w/ sweet but picky client!!
my man derf tell him to holla at me
For sure. That hit me last night.
Not submitting a proposal for 2013 conference. Too hard to figure out this far ahead of time what might be worth talking abt then.
Can Wigginton just hit away
Judge not RT : you've been trying to get to the library for a while now
thats cool all the best:)
If you're always complaining about being single, I automatically hate you.
“The trouble with not having a goal is that you can spend your life running up and down the field and never score.” - Bill Copeland
Ahem. As #EWR12 organizer, I think it's best I don't comment. ;-) RT : Now you have something to strive for! Lol
Thanks Brad - I'm glad it was helpful. We certainly like our worksheets. Any suggestions for the next newsletter?
Just saw a guy in a viking hat..... Not sure how that makes sense, but I guess if you're drunk it might make sense!
RT : Look. Either you can agree with me or you can be wrong.---> I think this Monday-Friday between the hours of 8AM & 6PM<---
Should we call the police? :)
Happy Friday! I had a good cloud picked out but I was driving at the time.
Josh Hutcherson.. oh my god. <3
Who remembers when u had to use channel 3 to play video games?
I am now a licensed driver!
:3 I like sending you pictures! ^-^
dont lie to the girl of your life for the hoe of the night .
How did the ghost do at the comedy club?
yeah let me know when you all have some time after your show closes. I was pleased to be able to come out.
Jesus you are everything, and your ways are worth anything. Isaiah 55
well now I'm in Austin!
yes, we're very organized. I do intend to be careful. I know they'll be taking pics too. I think there will be a lot of people
Jessica Sanchez covering an Aerosmith song. Man, I hope Phillip Phillips covers "Jenny From the Block."
Missing the weekend
I bring my own bottles fuck the club dasss it.
but jack i love you....but you never tweet me :L ugh so many buts in this tweet,
Doing a tattoo study in the office today!!! I love the research part, new and improved tattoo removal!!!
"The Protester" is Time's person of the yr. We are Borg; you will be assimilated.
Life gives you a chance to meet some really interesting people, take advantage when the opportunity presents itself.
brothers baseball gamee
All these years flew by...can't believe he's 23 :')
Raul to the Yankees.
I want my bed, my pillow, and a back massage asap. I'm so tired and everything hurts what a long day!
Dave! Tell me!
Happily Connected :) Tomorrow we're blasing mobile deals! Are u ready? We promote your biz for free say hi @
Parking is here in Galvez field - thanks
Haha. Good luck on your exam!!!
is JC singing at all tonight?
those are 20's
Very true!
Will be live at 6pm on ch 10 and www.wplg.com from area 31, free caipirinhas from 5-8pm celebrating our best happy hour in miami victory!
Problems with Ocwen, can somebody help!
Full Bruins coverage ahead of tomorrow night's game 2, live from Vancouver coming up on #7News at 11.
AMAZING hit!
So much kandi..
wants to swap places with someone who doesn't give a shit, just to see what it feels like!
We should see if we could use for 's Wednesday night guess bartender - tips go to charity
me to but i am bout to c her becuz i was with her but then she went down to hoboken then shes coming backn today ya
That dream has me in the mood. Fuck that. Lol
I've been trying to be on time for years..the ish just don't work!!!
Sad to see #pseweb over. Great to meet so many new peeps. Well done looking forward to next year.
You're too cynical! Always room for competition. And the Nook does well too.
Greys made me weak tonite. I just cant take the tragedy.
We noticed that too and are working to update the graphic. I think we left a couple zeros out of the equation. :)
Best fight ever. Nuff said.
thanks to for all his hard work this week! videos are going to be great :-)
revised resolution: save the praising conversations for people who deserve praise.
Loving that I got a surprise on my DVR today! #SweetGenius is back!!!
Just put on some cherry lip balm! *kiss*
I always tweet certain stuff when certain people are online so I can impress them with my humour and wit
just so long as xtina was last im happy! You still.rock! Sad you didnt win but Anya and I are so proud of you! #youMATTER!
Day one on set for Saltwater!!!
Just started a Run. 70 °F, 11mph S, 57%
Always a trade off of course, but Hamilton isn't "old" or anything. Nice guy to build around - Yoder would be at 1B maybe.
Buffet =) happy 311 day
Hard nights of trappin
Right now, Chone Figgins is squirming in his warm-up jacket, and the bench is introducing itself to him.
Alright, shameless self promotion: The Motorz and Shot to Hell Saturday night at the High Noon Saloon. 6pm
I am TOTALLY making it out to that. Yes indeed. Thanks!
OH SHIT! Amber, I apologize for ever doubting you
wow. Well, Congrats and good luck my friend. What's the plan for Monday? #blackout?
Do that lil thang I like
I have a bad slice in my golf swing, now my golf partner is dead
What's happening to #SGH? I've been away from Cincy for about 5 years now. Any links or sites for more info? Thx.
wow that isnt the whole series
stay positive shane and continue to overcome adversity with your hard work
“Springtime is the land awakening. The March winds are the morning yawn.”~Quoted by Lewis Grizzard in Kathy Sue Loudermilk, I Love You
haha just that atmosphere sounds like a few favs of mine :)
Happy Labor Day! Who's got one more day of partying left in them!? Special Industry bottle pricing and 2 for 1 beverages at The Fly today!!
Video making today with Allen Cruz and The Bitches.
what is femininity and masculinity? opposites? complementary?heterosexual? inherent? socially constructed?
Looking forward to hanging out with Astronauts tomorrow!.
so true, lol
tunnel is filled in after about 100ft I think now
Wishin' my new peeps some green love . Thanks for the follow!
hahaha people just keep calling me child lately. its ok - since my birthday i've felt like i'm 50.
It's 4/20 all over again 2night Join Trevor from & for some cellared gems. Starts at 6:00PM
*raises hand* RT : Raise your hand if your Klouchebag score is higher than your Klout score. *raises hand*
wow!!! Thats my section!
I'll drink to that.
good call!
hanging sneakers on phonelines is how the urban marginalized manufactured social capital in the pre-twitter era
Funny how a melody, sounds like a memory.
if u one of those dudes go eat a d*ck like right now ! if u know 1, tell him to go #eatadicklikerightnow ! lmao !
#OnlyFatPeople bleed gravy
Oh dear me....*sound of barrel being severely scraped* Toby Young licking Uncle Rupe's arse publicly. What is it with these Tory idiots?.
Hi Robert, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
The interlude to The Black Parade Is Dead is so beautiful sounding
You know the F train has issues when at the station a sign reads "normal service today."
Please report graffiti to 311. You can snap a photo and send it with the address location.
Time for the NyQuil
Why yes, yes it does! ::reaches for the Jameson::
Very cool!
On my way downtown Chicago to michigan avenue (: if your there meet me there for a greet(:
Mall cops call us retarded and escort us out with threats of arrest!
How does this voxer ISH work
I smell tequila....
I was getting arnd to it ;-p
front-page, above-the-fold feature on a local boxer. happy to see that the newspaper has taken Boxing Day literally.
Don't even care if I fail tests anymore
Hi there! I'm good, thank you. How are you? :) Miss you too xo
amazing meal, pork with Brussels sprouts was one of the best meals of my life! Fantastic!
between tixs for the show and the belive cd hfdskhfksdfhkdsfhlol im borrowing from my moma
TGIF!! Stop on by our online store to see our injectible tanning - tan from the inside out with no harmful UV rays www.shop.lasvegashcg.com
Please contact The Battle of Florida. We would like to honor US ARMY personel and invite them to our Inaugural Game Jan 21st@ FAU.
"Flannel pajamas?! what are you 100?" lmfaoo
Can't wait for the new show tonight!
great job by at debate!
Yu Be Fried
"rockblocking", nice one.
Islam actually allows homo-sex as long as you are the giver. Muslims especially love little boys dressed as girls.
Thank you<3
Inferno is peerless.
Have you spotted in #Boston? Maybe he'd like us to show him some luxury property in Beacon Hill or the #backbay. :)
ugh he makes me sick. Poor little rich boy.
This made me lawl
Hey ppl I missed you
lol it will be fresh up here in Indiana!
i cant unless its tomorrow saturday and sunday im busy
Why are writers so boring these days? To remember how much fun they used to be, go see the film 'Midnight in Paris.'
Picking up dad from Midway! Woot woot!
be sure to share your thoughts on this weeks episode once it's over!
almost ready for our Spring Preview!
Heh heh. You know I once calculated at the height of Bill Gates's wealth, if he lost $20K, it would be the same as if he had...
@ justin biber you be my dream
True. I just wonder what kind of tribute they can pull together for the Grammy's tomorrow night. Aside, dad loves death reels.
ahahaha ikr lol and yess she talks to much and keeps us after class and that gets me mad -.- but yeah
loved Lets Play Cowboys and Aliens on Boxee
I'm pretty excited... Claus is now following me on Twitter. Hope he comes to the Fashion Attic to buy some gifts!
#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo Come to my place at 5 in the morning & wake me up
I dont,I hit you when you make fun of him,and greyson, any other band I like
@ sorryluv, been unplugged for a tad. FT, totally full time. Building a team. Need good peeps. You know, good peeps.
You bet, Jillian! Here's to cheesecake...don't know why, but that suddenly sounds good :)
WILL U FOLLOW OR EPLY ME?MY BIRTHDAY IS ON TUESDAY AND THATS MY WISH, AND TOO MEET U! I LOVE U SO MUCH <U+2665> HAVE FUN IS ASIA!!
On a quest to find some chill singer songwriter performances hiding in an unknown bar downtown. Hoping to stumble upon something amazing!
What am I supposed to do when the best part of me was always you, And what am I supposed to say when I'm all choked up and you're ok
Watching ridiculousness with my little bro... Wow, people are stupid!
t-minus 4 hours till results.
Watching Soul-Train...
Need a Date for a dance -_- ugh. Lol
Avengers was so fuckin good
SHUT THE FUCK UP
Chipmunk family reunion, someone stole the nuts, squirrel jail, JUSTICE!! #OhFlo:)
you don't want to see me shady
Training ride this morning for the MS150! Looking forward to it, it's been far too long!
Most certainly! Turning defeat into stepping stones to success!
Most artists do not have a brand because they focus on blending in instead of standing out.
This job sucks
Now trying to qualify for Ultimatebets Aruba Poker Classic. I hope to have better luck than I did trying to qualify for the WSOP.
So she crushed my heart with a stelleto
2 joints down and a lifetime to go.
Complain complain complain. Do I ever get a simple Thank you for everything u do for me?? Hell no.
I really hate when my foot cramps nd im tryna sleep
dude that's tomorrow!!!
Have to get down to Pups Paradise soon. Have had a bit going on. Have to go to Toledo Animal Shelter first! They need me more!
and the problem is?
Decidedly unwell; taking the opportunity to watch cooking shows instead of working on papers.
I never thought I'd reach a point in my life when I'd kick back & have an alcoholic bev during my quiet time. & God would be cool with that.
"I needed the creative outlet..." ~
I'm trying to find a good one! Lol my bike is like 11 sec stock.
Light response vehicles, childhood literacy, health care costs, partnering and delivery of services..jump into a case study at 11am
Gorgui is Spanish for awkward.
thanks Allie! Despite being scared to death, I had a really great time ;) glad you watched! Thanks!
BIO Applauds Senate Agriculture Committee for Passing Bipartisan Farm Bill
Back In The Stew Like Green Chili And Potatoes ........
Healthy choice you rock
Too bad CJ didn't come back to pitch
Wait... it isn't? RT when I was a little kid I thought Mile High Stadium was literally a mile in height. The stadium itself.
Speaker notes that collaboration, "like children", often comes after tenure.Reminded again that #altac really isn't a bad gig
TaiChi in rose garden, egg hunt with relatives' kids, tooling around in my Mazda Mx-6 on empty roads, now tense
I like turtles
Money Saving Tip #44: If something’s broken, give a fair shot at repairing it yourself before replacing it or calling a repairman.
De Graaf: Most people self-report happiness accurately (they responses match what friends and family would say they are).
Jesus fame spread throughout our planet: Emerging disciples that live for the great commission/commandment.
It's not yet 10 a.m. and I've already heard the phrase "if I get hit by a bus" twice. Morbid Thursday!
will do! Thank you!
thanks:) how are you?:(
All I want for Christmas is you.. HA that's a joke, I need a new pair of boots && money
We have some amazing specials tomorrow come down to Tia's to try them!
dear icebergs, sorry about global warming. karma`s a b*tch. sincerely, the titanic
"Glasses make me look weak. They're like a wheelchair for the eyes". #Veep is off to a good start. I enjoyed the pilot.
Quote of tha year. "I dnt care if my momma was on the court. I'd hit her 2." - Chris paul- Lmao.
Thank you Sol!
Massive investment in #infrastructure like the ErieCanal are what made the USA great and rich and what the economy needs to get people jobs
Getting my jump rope on! How you doin? Download: I wanna, Bob Sinclair/Sahara...
No, this has been planned for quite some time. I'm with my mom. She's weird.
For sure!!
SMH. I HOPE YOU HAVE A GREAT DAY BEAUTIFUL
You are the best Hugh e
I am lounging while my works. Also? I can now walk around barefoot w/out collecting enough dog fur to create an afghan.
ready to get this day started <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Hope everyone had a great holiday weekend! Personally, I ate too much turrón :( What are the traditional holiday foods where you are?
: What thing?
everyone's going<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Friday, Euclid Tavern in CLE $10 to get in $10 all u can Labatt draft samples Comedy, music mark colella more
Happy Friday! What is your favorite part of the weekend?
I doubt James will see my message. D: i think a lot of rushers send dms.
yea lol no not my bills but idk what my mother expected of you
nice change (:
Thanks for your dedication to restoring funding to Wisconsin's Technical College System!
I'm making that the title of my Facebook album!
But you gotta look at my pass bruh
I'm sure I could find at least 5 hobos downtown that could complete the American Ninja Warrior course on the first try
Sneak Dissing Niggas If You Got Something To Speak Up...
sold my car
Don't wait until you've officially started your business. Make the contacts. Sell or even give away your products or services.
<<<SUPER BOWL SUNDAY>>> Happy HOUR Till the end of the game. $7Pitcher Bud/Light. $2 Mugs, Pizza $3.50
Oh hahaa :P And omg okay so today I went to the mall to buy polo's for school. And the cashiers name was Yuri M. And I was like
no kidding. My favorite disjunction: high anxiety and low energy
Where's a good place in Gastonia to eat on Mothers Day that can seat a large group?
My mom said the only reason men are alive is for lawn care and vehicle maintenance. -
Need caffeine to wake me up for today's meetup at Salon! Looking forward to hanging out & primping.
Way to go #Cardinals!!!WorldSeries champions!!!!
Thanks for the birthday wishes babe, I love you mucho!
according to rapid motion shown on radar, 1 or 2 pm?
Navarro isn't playing first either, people...he just got PH for as well
#StatusTv [Today] is all about scripting, managing, and editing.
haha already hearing it dude. It's blasting lol
okay you have to send me that photo of you when you fell in the mud puddle and let me post it online
thanks for the re-tweet! Always good to get outside encouragement during reshoots!
I'll finish making these PBJs w/Tabasco, and then I'll write my encomium to the new car wash.
Your the type of person to do something amazing. And still be quiet later on.
I'm a HUGE fan I loved u on Sweet Home Alabama u should be in the finals a follow or RT would make me soo happy!
Pro-Vietnam War Mitt Romney served his country by sneaking off to France.
A bridge is a very delicate - I was going to say organism - but it is a very delicate structure, and it is anything but permanent. [1944]
Shaun White caused quite a stir in the lift line today.
"Bruh can I use your phone to call my girlfriend?" "Yeah sure, just hit redial."
What do I want from Twitter? To connect with real people, to get to know them, to share their joys and sorrows and have them share in mine.
we got our priorities in check, obviously
Me an the Silver Ages boys got to sing the encore with Jens Lekman last night. An amazing show all around.
Sunday...Saturday I will be in Chicago, but mo and I are heading down Sunday
Sometimes that is easier said than done, but I certainly always try my best :)
Gary Johnson as Pigpen.
getting ready to take the gf back to her house, sad moment :(
Do I really love this shit ? #HYFR :)
who could ever misunderstand you in that suit?
Staff greeting visitors in person are not the same people tweeting to audiences online. Big divide at big museums.
I love texting new people
Amen. RT All visitors of DC must eat because I may have had a religious experience there last night.
you and grease are the shit, take care of yall' like men n black
We've had to make a lot of judgment calls in this arena, but Comus does have its own LCNAF. (1/2)
Mention facebook in the comment section of your order and receive a free 6 pc brush set.
I'm not sure the link you provided is working.
RT : Girls that change according to their boyfriends are hilarious. Im more myself now than i ever have been.
Always working to be better than I was yesterday....
Happy Birthday
Yay!!! Just got another film derails to follow!!
Schwartz: "let our voices speak. Do not be silent."
Destroyer says he'll eat a hotdog for every K #Lee gets
lol, I recently rewatched Breaking Bad season 1 and had the same reaction. It looks so weird!
I am swinging again so whenever you have time and weather is decent let me know!
AWESOME very spicy and tropical...the cookies were melt in your mouth delish!
you going to the game tonight?
Designing and it feels great -back inside the studio on this amazing rainy day: sewing, cutting, wire wrapping all beautiful things in bklyn
Follow us you can win 10 bids for free
These pianos are incredible. Watched a neo-Mozart play for 1/2 an hr. + then 2 people barely get Chopsticks right. Lots of laughs.
I honestly can't go to any store without buying makeup....
Sorry for the miscommunication. Senior night will be the home game vs. Dayton on February 18th.
A little George Acosta to ease the craziness this day has already brought on.
WORD. RT : Rodgers hits Finley in the back of the end zone for a Packers TOUCHDOWN
Really want a new acoustic guitar. The chords sound amazing on them
Late night tennis shennanigans with and Francis. It's safe to say things are a bit competitive, lots of smack talk going on.
They starting to get impatient at the #GoldenGlobesThey're playing the "wrap it up" music for everyone now
That's amazing! We share similar interests than I suppose :) Let me know if I can assist you in achieving your goals!
We are going to announce the winners 2 weeks before the fest! We also have lolla passes now too! :)
Beta's offering 20% off to all active, reserve and veteran military personnel in honor of ! Stop in tonight through Friday.
ate you gonna bring me some?
Welcome to my world. :-)
unfortunately all the time.
Your Skype name is Booker?
Los Cabos at the Legends is your Summer Soccer Headquarters! www.facebook.com/pages/Kansas-City-KS/Los-Cabos-at-the-Legends/215232512136.
hoping you'll be Christian #50Shades :)
Bizarre series, every run in todays game came off a solo homer and the two game winning hits on Friday and Saturday were 9th inning HR's too
Who's dat peeking in my window..? POW... Nobody now...
ALL IN Energy establishes ALL IN Asia Licensee: www.frankspennystocks.com/kore
MUST try! RT : Strawberry rhubarb This pie is to die for. :-9 I <U+2665> this pie - one of my favorites.
What about
Celebrities Style Long Hair Leaked Pics 2012 - Worldwide Celebs ...
I can't from my phone. Here it's 6253200
.....u better off raising him by ur self RT : My son whines to much at times, I think he need a male figure in his life
#ThingsWeAskGod2helpUsWith Getting that special someone.
I hope she feels better soon. I can't stand it when my son gets sick. I feel helpless.
I Cried When my brother dropped me on my head
Why was there just an add for ChristianMingle.com on the Science Channel?
Should Make My Day 1000x Better And Follow Me <3
Looks like its going to be a GOOD NIGHT already....early crowd
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
I've never been this stressed in my whole life.
I almost blocked you -- you fooled me, you you, fooler.
New MobileMe Mail, having trouble logging in, I am signing in with my apple id... any help?
Happy birthday !!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088> Hope you have a great day!
No wait I was right first time lol
We like that, !
I have been, love. (:
Demi Is Our Flawless Queen. <3 - She doesn't have to be perfect ; She already is. :)
Camera Fun Time. Today's Assignment: capture some fist bumps. Practice your directing skills & ask 2 people to do a fist bump. Pics & vids!!
RT : Real men never stop trying to show a girl how much she means to him, even after he's got her.
Love it. Hope all is well...
I hope enjoys every second of her birthday!
SPECIAL THANKS TO ALL OUR FAMILY, FRIENDS AND FANS THAT CAME TO SUPPORT US AT MARBLES! WE HAVE THE BEST FANS IN THE WORLD!
that's crazy how I think I'm Trey Songz in dormroom I wish I could go to Karaoke Night....there would be panies on stage
: ) Follow back please !
my thug lineup: Gilbert Arenas, Tony Allen, Metta World Peace, Z-BO, and Jordan Hill.
I just refuse to keep hurting myself REFUSE
On the air. New Dr. John, Spiritualized, and THEE Satisfaction on the way...
I'll definitely use it as a starting point, if not the entire thing :-)
So Anthony gets out of jail tonight. Why would u want out if u were her
#brrrrrr. I'm happy to be inside today.
Saw Mike Ditka at Wahlgreen's this morning. Did not bring up Packers Super Bowl.
<U+0093>If you ever reach total enlightenment while drinking beer, I bet you could shoot beer out of your nose.<U+0094>
was incredible!!! Loved watching every second of it, Mary! :)
Okay now I'm done. Tomorrow should be interesting....
Oh my god.
Welcome to the party
Looking to get some exposure for your band? Send your EPK to keaton at AudioADD dot net!
If you have happy thoughts, then you make happy molecules. :)
Long story short, we aren't getting the condo :( FHA loan complications. Totally bummed
#sometimesyouhaveto just accept that it is what it is and you can't change the past
we have a mutual friend
Talkin bout come can you take me somewhere.. Foo you got some gas money? Lol
cus we jus are I'm Mad wit u lol
Come hang with us tonight #twanksgiving TU at Bring non-perishables for
If u get a person in yr life who is poisonous, what 2 #tarot cards might tell you how to deal with this? www.shindigtarot.com for yr cards!
So ready to cut my hair
My wife just referred to Celine as a "show boating Canadian" and demanded she leave before we continue to watch
Yoga exists in the world because everything is linked
At least Kim doesn't have the umbrella
...could energise socially-conserv./Christian repubs who were previously luke-warm about Romney. W/ econ. the dominant issue,...
Collins is a Packer HoF'er, right?
: we have toddlers and when should we get there so we won't be standing 10 miles away from the procession or the fireworks?
it was so nice meeting you and working with you the other day!
Serious Answer: they must be constipated and can't go to the bathroom
Nice to see you, , Great party, eh?
You misspelled referee RT : Hats off to LeBron James for being an absolutely dominant force.
Why did the apologize to it's his fault he fucked up his hand
If u need to say somthin to me I'd advice u do it promptly b4 it becomes too late.
Im not entirely sure but yeah if i close my eyes and keep listening to music i'd more than likely pass out haha
no its a juco we are goin D1 out of that school after our freshman year at Norfolk State. we gonna develop our game and bodies
#IWishYouKnew I have doubts.
So far everything looks good with choice of new apartment--just waiting to see the inside before final decision is made. Love the outside!
Good night RT : Good night all!
what happen!? I bet 6th period can top that! :D
what hapened to you guys ?
Dude the gay guy on Cyberbully is fucking SPICY.
So tired today.
For more updates about Black History Month at The U of M, follow us on Twitter
We are great for parties, Packer games, Badger games, trips to Milwaukee or Chicago, Prom, Homecoming, and Airport shuttle service
The MOMS Sale is coming up on August 13. MOMS Members - what are you planning to sell?
knock,knock.
and other Vandy and Harvard alums not happy with 3:45 Vandy-Harvard tip time. Doesn't NCAA know it conflicts w. Jeopardy?
Tweet at us about your first #Ziptrip and we may send some driving credit your way!
Those chicken meatballs were amazeballs!!! RT : Chicken meatballs with arugula & red onion @ Milo and Olive
Thanks for the RTs
"Frankenmuth Freaky Friday" sounds like a great event name for tonight. I may mix a pale ale with a hefeweizen!
I'm just sayin, you can do better.....
Mark your Calendars for Fountain Square: Bella Vite Wine Tasting Saturday, May 12, 2012: 5-10pm The Bella Vite (Beautiful Vine) event f..
Our admiration of fine writing will always be in proportion to its real difficulty and its apparent ease. -Charles Caleb Colton
Big debate about the speed limit in Ohio..what do you think? Raise it to 70 miles per hour? Plus, more summerlike temperatures - join us !
my co workers think i am crazy for always cutting my cupcakes into four ways & using a fork
Nope. I usually feel awkward poking people...but I worked up the courage this time! Bahahaha.
"Mitt Romney , your a racist" video is hilarious
RT : Ned Godshall: do something really Big, really Simple, really Elegant. Ned's thing: clean water for the whole world
Eggfast is open all day today! Enjoy the holiday! www.eggfast.com
Hi PR friends, do you have a favorite product/system that you use to distribute press releases and to gather press mentions?
His book Fingerprints of the Gods is a real page turner (about a radical reinvisioning of ancient history).
really? Educate yourself on how much the Catholic Church invests worldwide to feed the hungry...check www.crs.org
Digital Library of America dp.la
you are TOTALLY going to be able to flag down rides on the side of the road now
. observes constraints of teaching a lot of material in one course can be productive. Have to teach ppl to teach themselves
he definitely made my day!(;
Well they have been copied time and again in pop culture through our lives.
Please give me a hard number which indicates that GWB wasn't a complete failure. Was it deficit increases? Was it unemployment? What?
#How2Tarot Don't be afraid to read cards out of the order laid down. If a card calls out, read it first. Some spreads work better like that!
A3: Excellent networking; flexible service provision; cloud infrastructure (security, storage) primed for superfast delivery
You can purchase it now on iTunes, CDbaby, or at the church!
Listening to my buisness teachers son rap on youtube wasn't something i was expecting coming to class today
this made me laugh RT : Lakers announcer:"Mathews missed that by so much I thought it was Felton." Ouch.
Oh my. he said I can sing... Lol; I Wonder what he was hearing.. hahaha
Actually kind of excited to go to work winter break
The UK economy will remain weak for the foreseeable future, but recession is not inevitable, according to a survey by the British Chambers
Taking my neighbor to Avengers tonight. If he doesn't like it, and I do, do I ask him to move? Seems like a big request ...
those people are stupid. lol. why wasn't I invited to a preview?
Free Medicine Discounts - Reduced Costs up to 60% - Target - PERCOCET -
I <3 henhouse! RT: : Just had the BEST fried chicken w/a banana waffle that I would slap your moms for. Thanx
I hate all three #Stall brothers and their respective teams.
Watching this past weeks and loving it!
Mini Rant - cheap cheap cheap-os! You are tacky. Go back to couponing for your fast food joints.
Bout to write a hit with and
That awkward moment when your in the tubes at Chuck E. Cheeses, and another kid comes the opposite way as you.
just got the bosssest case for my phone, now that shits
Life is a game of motivation, whoever has the most, gets the furthest.
what is your proudest accomplishment as mayor?
we think that #Tabatha needs to take over the UK !! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> lol but what a fun show that would be ... #possibilities :)
Screeny from is what I use.
haha i will keep that in mind when my strings break haha :P
shrimp might therefore be the ShOOO
Day started off with a call from a Netherlands-based client. It's going to be a good Friday.
He learned our song on guitar. Ah<U+E328>
Happy Friday. Make it an awesome day by acknowledging everyone around you for the difference they make in your life.
Night to my boy :)
getting it
Does that sweater come with a pudding pop?
Really? I had fun with the fireworks. They were awesome! How did you spend your night?
RT Check it out: RT : SMU's Zach Barnes is transferring to Creighton.
Absolutely. RT : "Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity can not survive. "- Dalai Lama
Packed crowd for #CompCloud 2012 keynote- the fun is about to begin!
Make money and a reputation. Compete at www.brandninjas.com
Graduation Day! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093>
Mostly hustling later in the eve so that I can get dinner. But yeah, 24/7 hustlin' up in this piece! :P
The Velvet Teen is playing in Portland tonight at Backspace. I'm now really annoyed that I am not living there. Please go for me. Seriously.
": "It's hard to beat a person that never gives up." Babe Ruth"
“: Off to the #AutoShow cuz I felt like it was something I #AutoSee .....” god one tommy!!!
The US should just change its name to the 'Divided States of America'. It would be more appropriate!
Summer went by too soon!! My first day of 8th Grade tomorrow!
My mantra for the afternoon: inspiration is everywhere... I'm going to meditate on that and find a better attitude.
I. Hate. Group. Projects.
lool my previous tweet was funny.
Any use of the phrase "This paper will" earns you an hour in the zombie pit.
This dissertation is about "vibronic coupling". Imagine my disappointment when I realized it's not about battery operated boyfriends.
Always hate how CBS drags out the selection show every year. Show me the bracket!
"good art and design isn't the domain of a privileged few." go target rep.!
Why's it so hard to choose a venue?!? Nothing yet feels 100% right...looking at in Racine & Riverbend in Kohler...
This is relevant to my interests. RT Steve Moore (Zombi, etc) is mixing our new record as we speak, y'all
2nite Party rocking weds @ club saga $2 wells & domestics $3 imports & you call it all night arrive early!! 18 to party 21 to drink!!
I just want to be your tan lines
Yep! We're the best & the sweetest!
Gettin it in with THE SQUAD
I only have fives! And ripped tights!
Pumped for our first of many nights at the Ale House winners table with
Good PK for #NYR, they actually had the best scoring chance during the #NJD PP.
i would like a follow back since I voted all day
I've heard of that book. I put it on my list along with Freakanomics and Rich Dad, Poor Dad.
Thank you very much. I'm glad you like it
I'm making some changes in my life. If you don't hear from me, you're one of them.
Stop hatin on the celtics yall know what it is son!!!!
Oomf made the wrong choice ..smh
I miss those Encounter celebrations. Running all over the church. #freedom!!!!!!!!!
Just getting to know and during opening remarks at #limcollege panel
Glowsticks everyone. More bass!
Watching a re-run of Antonio Cromartie struggling to name all of his kids is comical and sad!
- We would love too!! - put in a good word for us, tell a friend.. or 2.. lol Cheers!! - We are working on a Europe Tour right now.
Why won't you notice me?</3
Max sleepy now calling it a night
Commission's public input hearing in Fresno is underway. Watch live at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov..
visit www.thepapercastle.com for charity event info june 3rd at the w hotel in Hollywood
Definition of putting in work:: When u gotta ask yourself "did I eat today?"
Call me crazy, but I don't really enjoy getting a complementary shot of espresso in my drink. Ingrateful? Perhaps. Jittery? Definitely.
sounds good! What time works for you? Call your cell or the office?
They don't clean up as much. When I need something vacuumed, I need to use a real, tough, wise old vacuum to get the job done.
OMG MY FAVORITE AH OMG BUYING 10 SO LADY GAGA GONE HIPSTER YES BIOTCHH
Just realized the newspaper/magazine store on Third Ave in Chula Vista is now a cafe with a hookah bar :-(
Thx for coming out and sharing the love. RT : has 50c with $5 food purchase.
on my second pot already :)
JOJO whats the word? come back to Florida
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools. ~ Martin Luther King Jr.
SO excited for #LifeGroups to start 2nite!! They're gonna be amazing!! Get to one near you!
There's a murder on the dancefloor
#Believe RT : I keep reminding myself that the game is tied. It's not helping.
Thanks to for helping me to identify and dump some of the spam that's been following onto this account.
I wanted to go out of town for spring break. (Stupid job) (- _-)
Great 4-way match
:D RT : Celebrating Bono's birthday by alternating between pretentiousness and genuine good deeds.
Here's an official GET WELL TWEET to that powerhouse tweeter and awesome gal of #DCtheatre, ! So bummed you'll miss
Stoked to see the Wings play the Hawks tomorrow!
One time I didn't mind being behind the camera. Talked to Serra Baseball coach other day, mentioned listening to state title.
not sure if I put much stock into Klout scores... (Crap! My Klout score will probably plummet now)
whoo hoo!! I'm cheering for you! That's a lot to celebrate!
*you're
Providence for some Hawkward a cappella
This has been noted.
lmao that's some deep shit.
Alcohol lowers your inhibitions
Loans creeps up on you like a pimp wanting his money back
Just finished watching Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close. I like a movie that can evoke strong emotion...lots of tears here
Ok st RT Koscheck vs Hendricks Oklahoma State Vs Edinboro who you got?
Your welcome ( :
Me thinks your last tweet sounded more like Tyler Durden than yourself.
My personal pick for Best Actress - Michelle Williams. My prediction - Meryl Streep. The Favorite - Viola Davis. #Oscars #OscarsUpset?!?!?!
More good times - I'm playing Luckenbach Texas tomorrow from 1-5!
What's up?
I feel a headache coming on. *Pops pills*
gosh ur so beautiful i wish i was as beautiful as u r :(
Not even a #MCFC fan but have watched the winner 8 times and can't even describe it. If ESPN has done anything right, it's having the EPL
My dog ate half a bag of Hall's cough drops last night. His breathe is a disgusting mix of dog food and Mentho-Lyptus.
20 new tweets cool 40 new tweets pff 120 tweets WTF ! i cant not read so fast !!
Watching 16&Pregnant.
thanks again!
Thank u Michie
"As Larry David grew richer from Seinfeld he developed an allergy to caviar, which "was the perfect metaphor for my life."
It's only been a week since I refilled my growler, and already I'm almost out of South Cider. So good!
*waves* I'm an ASJA member and part of 's class.
RT : Congratulations to the amazing Jeff Pearson for his accomplishments on being the Featured Photographer of May 2012...
wait....u graduatin?
GD morning world :)
lol I know!
Indiana is scary
I almost just had a heart attack.
So I go to watch a music video on YouTube and next thing you know, I'm watching a how to bake a cake video..
Need a holiday! :)
Oliver with a Twist
My region so saw him first. The staff watched next. All other CBs seen live b4 combine so matter of deduction. Peter = final call
Even if I had it, it would not be appropriate for Twitter.
See you there! RT : so pumped for #justice tonight!! Chyeow!
exactly my feelings!
I'm so excited! :) you guys are gonna rock it!!
Yes! Will do! Science Cafe = near & dear to my heart!
I want my glasses...
I say yes. Even with simpler new music it seems to help an audience incredibly. I try to always lend a hand in understanding.
i'm seeing them on 2/11 in columbus ohio. can't wait!
Just finished writing my next play. Letting my editor at it. Then submitting for consideration in an International short play festival.
Oh to be in Palm Springs today for the 4/20 party. Longing for sun and beats.
well she is lol
RT : #SBS2012 getting underway with opening remarks by and Great set of attendees
Age is? Wisdom, if one has lived one's life properly
Gotta stop to get this W
did you see that we carry Upland?
I have a copy you can borrow. Shall I bring it to Wednesday's class?
* hands you thickness * now twerk !
nice job!
WILL YOU PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH YOUR SO AMAZING <333
“: i really need a laptop with back lit keyboard” as do i my friend, as do i.
Up omw to #Work Happy #MothersDay to my Mommy and other Mothers
So happy & grateful Smart Motors is taking care of car mats & other issues related to my car! Thank you Steve and staff at !
nice meeting you! enjoy your bounty. also enjoy the first piece of fresh fruit you've had since 2002!
I dont think anyone can DO anything that would make him worthy of love. Love is a gift and cannot be earned. It can only be give
Can we pretend it's daylight savings time and set the clock back so I can get back the hour of sleep I lost? I suck at being tired.
Exactly! RT : Yes! RT : I think I got so involved in advocacy to reclaim control.
then go to sleep! lol
“:#LAKings def #STLbues 5-2 w/goals by Richards, Kopitar,Williams,Carter...and to everyone in Canada outside BC,you're welcome.”HA!
RT : Give thanks to him who placed the earth among the waters. His faithful love endures forever. Ps 136:6 NLT
Saying hello to the newest member of our twitter fam !!! Taps the screen and waiving ;-)
Its like twenty degrees warmer in the hall than my math room.
That awkward little dance your thumbs do when you don’t know how to reply to someones text…
The 1% is comprised of the rich who put their needs over the Nation's as a whole & the misguided, duped to favor the interests of the 1%ers.
Clarity Legal's Timeline application for the desktop (Mac, Windows, and Linux) is in review at the App Store!
Rooftop pool overlooking the city after a solid morning workout. Beautiful weather in the Big Easy.
I wanna see the lucky one agaiiiinnnnn!
If you love , you should try SD's
A fav RT : Most people cheat because they're too focused on what they're missing instead of appreciating what they have
Happy St. Patty's Day!! Who is celebrating today, anyone making any green crafts for the holiday?!
ya no worries.wanted to stay but had already booked my flight. Was in a hurry when I had 2go and u were in a hand. U got this!
Actually, the name of the painting is "Mona Lisa" as written by Leonardo's biographer Vasari
Winters: Do you have language on this feathering in? CFO: Will introduce bill after feedback from labor, taxpayers, etc. Winters: 3 wks left
Slightly addicted to instagram
Totally agree. RT : Net Smart by is both practical and theoretical, tech-geeky and mindfully introspective.
Don't waste time .
Well, he was a kind of last hope, so... it isn't weird as much as it is grim.
this mad hot freshman at chaminadee...mike was pissed about it
I love how my mom comes in the house at 12 30 and says I have white castle!!!!!
Are you starting a rap career in between your suspension?
Kepler Lucas :I've got a new leash on life!
My Body Is So Tired! I Wish I Can Just Lay In The Bed
anytime friend :)
Thank you honey
return of the sharpie
Sweet! Email from a parent of a potential Tiger Cub. I just LOVE this form of Unsolicited Email!.
Got some BL 'nums with and Um...
i repeat :: nobody fucks with the jesus. and ain't nobody fuck with #blockaflocka neither.
Hopefully that is a good sign for the economy. Chips are definitely selling.
If there is no scene, create your own.
There is nothing like a #sensory overload meltdown... shhh he is finally sleeping. A Christmas movie works again.
Beyond frustrated... And again, no sleeping... <U+E02E>
you going out tonight?
I do this too! cc: I'm not sure why I press harder on remote control buttons when I know the batteries are getting weak.
happy birthday oppa! God bless you and may he give you with many more years of life! ^^ I love you! <U+2665>
That niggah Robert Griffin I with the Redskins now. He still my niggah though : )
word??... sleepovers (; lol
Somebody that I use to know may be over played but it's a good song. What can you expect?!
Finally a Beautiful day out
Well spent! Jess ROCKS!!
I can almost taste the weekend! #FollowFriday following those who
10 Concerned Men
Omg. Food poisoning. Fuck my Life.
If Courtney doesn't get a rose tonight I predict a cameraman or two are going to get some hot action. Oh
Bynum's shorts would make a good snuggie
You have no idea how things are now
"It will become illegal for NY cos who refuse to hire individuals bc they've been unemployed too long" Christine Quinn NYC Council Speaker
I end up buying kfc anyway .....lol
Is #Following back : I look forward to receiving your tweets. I survived through a few wicked bad storms in CT.
“: If you took the Under tonight int the NFL you need to shave your head bald.. Marbles all look alike.. LMAO..”
What a great way to start off my day. 275 bones for a new starter for the jeep.
heh, no, not sad -- it's fun! I quite liked it. :)
Is that a rhetorical question or are we talking about that dreamy Jacques Pépin fellow?
Recording the DevNews at noon today. Probably not streaming this time but will soon.
Thanks so much for the shout-out! Glad you like them :)
So funny, and so true. > "Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died." - Erma Bombeck
you should get your mind off things now and shutup with your moody tweets. YOLO
Hilarious: Go to #Google and type in the search phrase: "do a barrel roll" - minus the quotes, of course.
#NYXPO thanks Rhonda! Look forward to seeing you there - want to meet up for lunch?
not anytime soon... I gotta work on a few things first...
#PuffPuffPassTuesday and #MardiGras! What else can u ask fir??
im totally putting u down in my will for any memorabilia I own!!
Reflecting on a past relationship. Smh. That shit sad..
studio in the P.M !
Correction : I trust one person.
Two ads in a row where the narrator or main character spoke with a Scottish accent. Odd.
Today's Nostalgicon may look like a softie, but this tough guy will take you where you need to go. Any guesses?
social schedule for #AMIA11 is a lot like comiccon. lots of emails to return & lots of people I want to run into as much as i can.
Just tried smokehouse chicken. All vegetable filler, and I can get more meat by biting my upper lip. A disgrace of a sandwich.
Octavia just thanked the state of Alabama. Haha! Love it!
Thanks For The Support. Spread The Word Of Superior Apparel, Help Us Reach 1,000 Swaggers!
Alberta Street Fair is this Saturday from 11-7! More info at www.albertamainst.org
Chris paul about to get a trip, dub
#6666669 your number is confusing me. Lol. You are stunning :)
us too! Wait.
they'd still lose to the bulls
In Music Meeting Local Natives “Airplanes” Great show last night love the rhythms in this
check your phone
Its so frustrating when ur intentions are good. I swear I dont mean any harm
guess we'll find out..
Hunger and Thirst for Righteousness
I hate watching movies all day.
Excellent! I'll forward the info to our Career Fair team.
followed back. Thanks for the follow!
Its take your daughter to work day- well for me at least!
At this golf tourney, this dude is looking for his ball like he grew up with it.
#follow our bands:
I'm so sorry for your loss Brandon :/
Have you ever considered that there is more to our lives than what we experience on a physical level?
annabel_a Tell us how we can make Smarthistory more useful.
Bday trip! Very nice. Where to?
its deep catalog of films on physical DVDs
lol he barks at wheelchairs!
I'm back!
enjoyed the prologue. Quit an explosion! Made me wonder why he needs boats for his revenge.
It's a Grocery Outlet epidemic. Everyone's sick. Now I know where I got it....
Those nights when you're sad for no reason you can put into words.
Just getting home my mom surprised me at school and came and got me at 9:30 lol :)))
Can I sleep forever?.
God is greeeeaaattttt!!! 2 more days till the big move to Detroit god is with me every step of the way #so greatful
What EP songs should we play this Friday at St. Paul's??
: Is this the way you play this little game? Read the link. It was the paper itself that issued the retraction.
Good luck PG! We're looking forward to your new material!
The RSC. Tuesdays from 12:10-12:50 on Engineering mall and thurs at HAAS lawn at same times!
my day and week has been crazy but crazy good. And you?
Sponsor Party tonight! Should be a great time!
is stilla at work since 5am! Almost out of here...Tired, but thats my job! Gotta love it! Had a great day today!
Miranda Rising mirandarising.com performs May 22 hunger awareness festival - a Season of Service Event sandiegocityfest.com /season/hunger
Fucking piece of shit, worthless blackberry, if I had a gun I'll fucking shoot the motherfucker until it crashed for ever!
87% of expecting women want their husband/partner in the delivery room with them.
You're so lucky! Haha, if it was Justin I'd beg cry and scream cause I missed so many opportunities. Enjoyy<U+2665> :P
Ha, yes, you caught me. The NC mention did happen to catch my eye. But I do imagine that would be quite a fun event to watch!
followed. Xx can you give me a shoutout? I'm new
Peace, Ihsan! Appreciate you!
have heard horror stories.
A healthier dinner at ! :-)
Dam its nice as fuck in Chicago today waaaaaaat lol
Got put on call tonight. Hope they don't call me! Also I think I'm getting a massage next time I get paid. Need it!
Any ideas for a birthday celebration??? I dont know what to do!
SAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO she's 23 today! <3 <3
She's at work until 8. I'm awesome at answering texts if it's something you want to vent to me about.
awesome. Can't wait! Thanks again for chatting with me today :)
no tweets yet?
To keep berries fresh after buying or picking, soak in 1 part vinegar/ 10 parts water. Dry and refrigerate.No fuzz, mold or bacteria!
baby due in 10 days and for 9 months of pregnancy: a skinny girl margi please!!
Thank you for introducing me to Pocky. Its amazing! ^_^ I just bought like 2 boxes and ate literally all of it :3
Just finished reading "Where Men Win Glory", the Pat Tillman Odyssey; great read by Jon Krakeur
Finally got my phone turned back on! Rocking the T-bolt for now.
I'm upset to be missing as well. oh well I guess, there's always next time!
lol we left! We got y'all next time :)
it's only 20 dollars a year. Do you get allowance
Omfg, my stupid friends only start rumor about me, omfg. -.-
in class hby
I want wisconsin to beat syracuse; I know this game will go to the wire
No vomit? : On my pants today: permanent acrylic paint, coffee, dry erase marker, blood, chocolate frosting
#NCAA Sweet 16 and all the #1 seeds are still in it...sadly #UNLV was out early
Restaurant serving "Mediterranean Inspired Northwest Vegan" food, will be closed tomorrow to participate in "Occupy Portland" event.
surrounded by old people in this meeting. idc im making my move to come out on top
Lol so according to this guy I'm the fakest and my pussy is a lie. Lmaoo why cuz u never got any?? #whyyoumadtho?
Am still laughing at can't believe what she said on #WW during the "ask W&T". Think I pee'd alittle. #OhBaby!
Hey Allen! My pleasure! How have you been doing?
Having a writing session with :)
Can't believe the Horseshoe Casino is opening in just a few hours. What an exciting time for our awesome city!
's 1st Women in Biz Conf. will include presentations by , , , , and !
": About to hit this chair massage from #GreatAfternoonAhead" Great working with you! Hope you feel great!
When your legs are so smooth that you can't stop touching them, and you end up looking like you're raping yourself all day >>>>>>>>>
" Beauty gets the attention Personality gets the heart. "
Airport delays are for outlining dissertation chapters. Yeah, I can sense your jealousy all the way from Cleveland.
#Tomasetti rep, " wind speed at time of collapse was 59 mph."
If there is a problem dealing with your ex or children, history proves that repeating the same behavior will not have a different result.
No. Some things are sacred. RT : I need puns on the passing of MCA
It's fine
What is $4 worth of sushi? 1/3 of a California Roll?
come to Tobys Sun at 5p if you can!
Happy birthday to I love u happy 19th birthday
Welcome to the team Matt Hawkins, and Andrew Marcy!
Thanks for coming and for sharing that photo. The party was a blast. Go innovators!
omg the mayflies?!? HATE!!!
you paid me yesterday.
glad to have you in! Enjoy!
inconsiderate, yet beastly... interesting.
Some #comicbook stores aren't carrying #Mixtape b/c they didn't order copies that people requested.Would love to hear their sad excuses.
Have you had any issues with night vision?
So... how's it going?
you're a nice girl
he about to become YouTube famous lol
“: #ILikeItWhen you like it ;)”
NEVER using crazy glue again.
Hey if the bulls are lookn for someone to replace Rose...they should consider Bogans!
I've made so many mistakes in my life and now they r all coming back to me so how do I make my life better? Just know that I'm truly sorry.
WE ARE WE ARE WE ARE THE RAVENNATION
guilty until proven innocent lol
I think we need to come here all the time: Toranoko, next door to Lazy Ox. Hendricks martini. Soft shell crab. Only missing Jeff.
Yep that is my take as well.
Wow , I need more followers. :/
I mean really, they stand to be some of the greatest commentaries next to Invader Zim and Futurama.
whatca know about half off 97 items! Son
Definitely. It was a STEAL just a little over a decade ago. Thing is, it's still "reasonable."
Faithful girls cry the most...
where is Amare?
Coffee sounds like a great idea. Happy Friday!
I don't know who to believe about this.
Sex. In America an obsession. In other parts of the world a fact.
It is not. That is truth. Ans Truth will make you free. Now lift those dirty hands and give God a praise for your freedom.
You ever think the person you were supposed to be with died before you ever met them? A depressing thought, unless you’re Vic Frankenstein.
I usually don't like players who are felons but Burress is a gr8 deep ball threat and makes those fade routes look too easy.
RT : And were off! Q1) What are the tools you cant live without as a CM? (No need to mention FB/Twitter)
I'm sad to leave you buried in the backyard of this house, but you will always be in my heart. <U+2665>
I think you put on your unlucky pants. Take em off.
Cell phone, I dont know why you keep capitalizing VODKA, But I like the way you party....
attach the link cuz my lazy fingers are too fat and tired. Even though I had to type this...wtf is wrong with me? I'll retweet
Looking at the crowd at the Thunder game, I love everything about that team and fan base
Nick, why are you playing Halloween shows? It's not even May -_-
Is it bad that I want to be back in school?
follow me and ill follow you of ill give ya a cookie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thx so much for following! FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
I guess its just me pandora and my thoughts tn.... and that's cool...maybe its what I need
Hope you're ready for the Baltimore experience style! Can't wait!
Wanting to send a message to my peops regarding New Moon, but FB mobile is being snotty. S+J, Jean, Phyll, John - wait for it . . .
You'll do fine! You should check out our website. We can pair you with the scholarship that you're most likely to win. It's simple.
my stomache feels like its about to fall out.
4-4 overall on tonight's picks. Back to business winning tomorrow. Just a juice loss tonight, 15-8 last 23 picks now.
So tired of Obama's crap. Can't wait to vote him out!
not feelin today
have to maintain a vigilant watch over them, lest they cheat. The whole World is watching.................
ill give it a go my email is
I'll have you know, I am quite popular in certain, small, sad circles.
I love baseball. And Bob Euckre.
Your rite tho but it just aint me
This is not the America we used to know. So sad...
I was just visiting my grandma...but Thanks for worrying sis...
MW3 8 in the morning? Yup. Summertime :)
Nice RT : Thomas Kinkade died from drug/alcohol overdose, suggesting his critics were wrong and he actually was a real artist.”
Playing @ Sadie Rene's w Should be a fun gig. Word is a few famous people are showing up!
Met a nice and funny 16 year old guy tonight.... He was cute heheheheh :)
With Chad Henne potentially out for the season, do you see the Fins trading for Orton now?
Just wrapped up another episode of www.iphoneslutz.com - good times, good good times.
hey hey hi
The sweeper to shredder ratio has reached Threat Level Midnight in LA. Our waterways are no longer safe.
g'nite! Awesome game against Cowgurls. Went 2 UNI w/Warner, he was a true gentleman. Loved meeting Larry's dad Vikes 50th!
um so I got the glue out so I put the cheetah nails on and I can't lift anything (x I feel ghetto
TMJ4 spoke with the sister of one of the teens involved in the Campbellsport crash. Tune in to todaystmj4 for the latest. Todd Hicks TMJ4
Thanks! Back at you!
that song is really good! Wait till next week...for Work Hard. Wiz just gonna take over the radio for the spring and summer!
muhmmm k muhmmm k GREAT to know MY love bunnii...miss you :)
congrats coach thibs on fastest in nba HISTORY to get 100 wins!
“ #WhatiLoveMost, Waking up too a "Good morning." message from you. :)”
Thank you! We'll pass your shout out along to Jeannette!
not gonna lie it was a good one I give you props. lol
Seen on campus today: One John Lennon and one Jimi Hendrix t-shirt.
NDATDB! Coming to a town near you! If you haven't seen them live yet you really should check them out! Their always GREAT!!!
3 more nights till and take over the airwaves on xxo
Now she's mad at me. Great! Just great.
Siesta round dos? Welp see ya later.
Woo... 501 followers. But hubby is closing in on me quickly with 447. Boo.
My plan of a flaming bag of poo on #DGB's doorstep and blaming it on Arkansas fans worked to perfection.
Don't allow man's opinion of who they think u r 2 limit who u can become. Remember we serve a God whose ability surpasses time & space!
One Hour untill the giveaway keep retweeting
Screw the playoffs. Orioles Fanfest is right around the corner!
Thanks for the great picture! Glad to see you're enjoying your beaver and DAMSuccess .com =)
sure. For your final? Send it and we can chat in qrt.
Happy Golden Globes - good luck to all the nominees- really great work this year everyone!
come on TSizzle Skip is dissing you bigtime on his show
writing a recommendation letter to Go Tell it on the Mountain this morning. Feeling inexplicably happy.
Omg that awkward moment when you and #StevenReinken match and don't plan it... -____-
THEY WONT SEE THIS ONE COMING.
missed this lovely
:O no problem! & can I get your undie?! >:)
Did you know Benjamin Franklin, Isaac Newton, Charles Dickens and Winston Churchill all suffered from insomnia?
not really massage therapists as much as rehab speacialist. Eye got a team to fix it. Just need to re strengthen it properly
because if i posted with my real name you would just delete it anyways.
Watching Harry Potter.... I love the films and hated the books....
so good seeing you too! Thanks so much for inviting me back :)
In protest against bad IP law, Mexican restaurants across the American Southwest are today renaming a popular dessert SOPAPIPAS.
Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake. ~ Henry David Thoreau
I take that back...list of 4 I had already...
Love it!!
M looks tasty!
I utilize tweets 4 marketing our clients services and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it bad.
#YoMommaSoFat she has shocks on her toilet.
No, not at game haha. Our friend's first time in Cali. We showed her around LA Live and crazy Lakers fans.
What's good with u guys ... It's been a while
I think we could significantly cut down the number of different pasta shapes and still be okay.
Sacramento! Watch on - Xfinity On-Demand!
I think Diary will forever be my favorite track
May 7,1942 Churchill told Eden he was considering replacing Auchinleck (who wouldn't attack) with Alexander (who would).
<U+200E>#occupyimprov 99% of Chicago Improvisers pay to perform or perform for free.
#ff and because art history should be funny sometimes
hey there...NJ USA here...how u like Canada?' are u native?
I wasn't at your concert, so I have no picture for you to RT. awks
Hmm, okay might have to tune into the show then. Only saw one where he was near Chernobyl..scary
Thanks for the share! Hope all's well.
Ever met a woman named Chyna?
And I'm close to 900 followers so follow (it's my personal) <3 I follow back!! Promise :)
I like them as a wrap better. Do you call them wraps? They aren't sandwiches.
50% of my course grade rides on the translation exam I am about to pseudo-sightread.
Good night my Tweets and FBs!!
Wish was opening for for great local talent.
Almost 5 mins in and melo or stottlemyre haven't touched the ball. New York sucks
definitely both but I was talking about Frank :-O
Thanks for the follow.
Thank you - I needed to read this right now.
We all hope you guys are having fun with WeSeed! Just let us know if you have any questions or suggestions.
tnx for follow. Coincidently just realized u wrote Favreau piece. + yr exllnt recent stuff = I feel in proximity o'greatness.
If you are headed to Dallas anytime soon follow
is? Or did you purposely put r?
The Book of Mormon is musical theater as it should be- equal parts entertaining, hysterically sinister and daring. What talent!
There's something wrong with Esther.
To the Blue Ridge Mountains, over near Tennessee
our pleasure. We appreciate the lack of stress when we have sponsors.
When you go to follow fans I'm never online !! Oh well i'll have my time
Hot = no socks
My signature sounds can all be heard in the upcoming smash hit, ! Hope you're well, bro!
So grateful for all that is!
Fresh strawberry shakes are awesome!
haha you are wrong that ... but some of them do smell.
Want to learn how to tailgate like a pro? Come to my tailgating class on May 17th. Hands on demonstration and samples ;)...
There is something about the name Jesus!
I'm so impatient! But, good things come to those who wait!
Follow me! I love u so much! :D
": That awkward moment when someone says "naked" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>" and your like 'my boyfriend, harry styles, does that a lot' (;
Happy Bday! Hope the 30's are as good as the 20's!
Where is
Another month. Another year. Another smile. Another tear. Another winter and another summer too. But there can never be another you. <U+2665>
RT Winter weather advisory in effect until 1 PM today. Roads are becoming snow covered. Use caution.
would u plzz follow me? Im a huge fan <3
hi, I'm one of your constituents and supporter. Are you planning on supporting or opposing CISPA (HR 3523)?
A big Happy birthday to so glad to have you here!!
it's not for him. Technically the federal holiday is Wasington's birthday...
Ron Paul videos pump me up
SHEESH!!! Wow. On earth?! Really. I might just make you *prove* this accusation…
No doubt
tomorriw since it's valentine's day and you're my lesbian lover. By the way, I got a tatoo that's why I wasn't at school.
I'm looking for , where you bitches hiding?
The talks me and have when we go out to eat >>
atrocious play by the Hawks AGAIN!!!
yup, your right but understand.
last week of work??
Ain't recognize even one of these bitches
hope we get in for some trial runs. I miss my trips down to Santa Maria and all the great food
I feel like 2day is gonna be a GREAT day..
Man invents golf ball that automatically goes in hole if it gets to within 4 inches. Tragedy strikes when man puts invention in back pocket.
no we haven't.
yeah its pretty bad!! I'm not even sure Jim will understand my vm. lol
Ie. Registration for the golf tourney is back open! June 1st! Coronado golf course!
Lol that's a front.
Karl Marx's Communist Manifesto
A friend who is far away is sometimes much nearer than one who is at hand. Is not the mountain far more awe inspiring and....visible to one
i think the x factor. she got like 15 mil for it or something.
We're ahead, but it's not done without admit strategy.
Skincare Treat! RT and Follow to win 1 of 4 Black Sea Mud Soaps in their Soap Dishes. Ends 11th May 2012 at 11 am EST.
He really needs to watch what he says or he will lose all of his fans. Maybe now he can be called the Kanye West of country music? :-)
thanks, Teri! it's been a great day :)
tomorrow morning at 7am reggie on our show!
S/O TO MY NEWEST FOLLOWER... THANKS SO MUCH.. I FOLLOWED BACK... !!
People come in out of your LIFE for a reason!!!
Travis is going to try the PB burger!!!!! Ella loves peanut butter!
show jan 15 at 6pm at peabodys..we open up for afroman if u want tickets hit my jack..2167726481# shit real
RT Cigarette Smoking ....Major turn off... Yuck!!
Doesn't matter where SB ends up. World ends in 2012!! Bring it.
We need some REALLY good CUPCAKES at the Denver County Fair this year! Email: to connect!
follow me please
lame. you're arriving the day after I leave!
Right when I seen #Subwayfan I thought this tread is for you.
please keep a seat open for me!
A good start would be fucking 60 dollars in my pocket :)
great event last night. Think Big Baltimore - Where are the idea hot houses
Neat site, love the creative interactions/filters on a few of the interior pages. Great job.
follow first
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic good reviews in Music Connection & American Songwriter! BEKA & THE GIN HALL HUSTLERS
Hee hee there were kids around. :)
Ha, cute joke! But stick w/ day job RT : yea, you have a problem with a hockey chick havin more class then you?
atomic. Cleveland park.
This weekend gonna be fiya
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly. Epictetus
SEMA Convention is in Vegas this week, and man is this town buzzin! Stop by my restaurant just down the street: www.SATAYlasvegas.com
Welcome, piggies! RT : Media is proud to be a new member of the Twitterverse.
That's interesting. My daily horoscope didn't mention I'd be locked out of my car for two hours. Oh well. cest la vie.
Wow. What a beautiful place to be!
Happy birthday
getting an industrial and my tounge pierced by the end of February :D
dude you gotta hear it! Words can NOT describe...
Information is not knowledge.—Albert Einstein
I'll post the KLP martini recipe as soon as I can find it. We miss you too!
Yoga. With vinnie marino!!
Happy news is on its way to you. - Play Alganon
If you are not part of the cure, then you are part of the problem
Exactly! I don't tweet against family!
i cant bring you the coke, but I can send some smiles! (^(^(^(^(^_^)^)^)^)^) there's and army of em! Hahaa Feel better! :)
AGREE it was DOPE - YOU ALL ROCKED IT!
if youre coming to see us tonight at HOB, GET HERE NOW because we are playing in the cambridge room at 5:15!
nigga i have liked the knicks since i was a kid so stfu!! I had a knicks a'mare jersey before the melo one dumass!!
Lazy lion.
Committee will consider approval of preliminary report and a resolution for formal investigation with subpoena power on the Trust.
Naw and thanx RT : I bet I feel better than you and happy belated bday !
did you go see a heat game? Mayne they ballers!
depends on your point of view... Lol
I really HATE rats!!!
Ok cool!!!! Rock out on your Tour!!
Siri is awesome, get the 4S.
Done:)i
i finally got back to that article... thanks!
I've been really laid back lately but I'm definetly ready to get back out there and do some playing...
Are you ready for Winter? Me neither. Let's go #RedSox!!!!!
Whether you are black or white or brown or yellow - God loves you so much!
getting ready to swing back into workie-jerk with a lil BJORK....
oops just saw your tweet- Thank you! :) I'll post some pics once it launches!
I know right!! And I'm scared I just lost power!!!!!! Hold my older sisters hand!!!!
IS IN THE HOLIDAYS SPIRIT!
Three out of four ain't bad.
The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do, well. Henry W. Longfellow
Thank you for a double dose of tonight!!!
Too much accent light will lessen the impact,and then creating to much general background light,rather than accentuating a specific feature
and primo are on David Lettermen right now! #freesol killed it. I mean seriously amazing ! And Teddy those drums...Damn!
I am going to try my hardest to be there.
H&M Announce Spring Collaboration with Marni It's barely been two weeks since the Versace for H &M Collection launched on both sides of t
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 3
Shout Out =
O thats sad will i hope you have a wonderful birthday and I hope u are glad you are 16.
I'm up here busting my ass so I can make tons of money so the people I love won't have to worry about shit. What are y'all doin? Taking OGTs
RT - Texans continue dominance vs. Dolphins, move to 2-0: MIAMI -- With the game on the line, five-time Pro Bowler Andre… ...
no i havnt i was finna text u earlier today but some shit thru me off im finna text u
are ya gonna keep him?
Care to email me about those rumors?
Home from work, time to workout
Beautiful day out...the only thing to make it better is a cold, refreshing Pinkberry!
Congrats...That sounds very interesting...hope it gets selected.
Flag Room? Lol
Nothing is more annoying than being in a bad mood for no apparent reason and being asked "what's wrong?" over and over again.
Peyton is gonna be in Miami sitting in the Hot Tub living it up with his soul mate....
I guess with Bush gone the media now has the piggy flu to push on all the sheep. Fear mongering at it's best.
wow dude i just f***in' saw this o.o damn i'm like months late and shit! :o
Tomorrow's another hot day (92 degrees!). Come create and be cool! We have air conditioning :¬) Drop-in's are 10:00am-8:00pm.
I LOVE SNOOKI !
The awkward moment when you're trying to tell a really funny story but you're laughing too much to talk.
Can't blame them for trying! ": What is"natitude" supposed to mean? Is it the same thing as "attitude"?"
Michael Kidd-Gilchrist just went Derrick rose 2 hand cram on an innocent bystander from Portland. Top 10 on SC
ARE YOU SERIOUS??!!! WHATS HIS SKYPE NAME??!!
'Consequently fear of the present leads to mystification of the past.' -J.Berger
THE REAL YOU is NOT your popularity, your money nor your job but what's left over when those things are not present.
#inDanvilleVa Niggas Call They Self Another Grown Man's Name Like The Shit Cute!
Going to see this summer !!!
good morning beautiful
RT : I want it to snow a lot !
that is the coolest clock I've ever seen Louis! I want it :)
all PLEASE disregard any disparaging messages received from me ...my account was hacked..been reported..fixing now
there's some bad twitter DM spam going around with a mssg reading something about "horrible rumors about you". don't open.
Be real
Been checking my twits, and am watching some tv, then got to go to bed might need some viagra tonight.
Have I ever told anyone how much I fucking love the Olympics?
If you ever see me yell at my phone, dont worry, im just playing Words With Friends...and losing. Lol
But if we are indwelt by the Holy Spirit it seems like a natural consequence I believe
If you know of any scholarships please send me links. I need to raise a lot of money to go to my top college
dang…lucky girl
I miss you when its
im bored we should hang out. but im always bored if im not at papa johns.
Like Nixon in '68, Romney has a secret immigration plan he will tell us if, and when, he is elected. Its great!
ActorStuff: Forget the audience. Connect only with the story.
thanks for the warm words/announcing me and asking me to join you before the congregation today at Greater Mount Calvary!
He's so fucking handsome...
The ATL Housewives are an ebarrassement
According to Wiki it's a sound because it's much wider than a fjord - it's just made up of a bunch of waterways & basins :D
Take chances and never have regrets..xo model stephanie ann
Thinking of hitting up the local Farmers Market after work today!! Beautiful day for it!!
Childish Gambino is so underrated!!!
Shouldn't you be busy apologizing for WalMart?
Come on, bishop! Make a play!
Policy should never diverge from logic
I am now following you. Have a good weekend!
A snickers label is going to grow out of my leg
“: This was pretty damn funny, but let's be real here. Game 7 in LA. Kobe Bryant. Denver Nuggets. I'd say the Lakers got this”
People who read my messages without my permission. Who does that??
you said Right Now
Wish I had some taco bell right now!!!
"if you knew what i knew and had experienced what i experienced, you'd have no choice but to believe." -- <3
This sucks! RT : Seth Davis, Wilde, Bilas & now Cowherd hammering away at Bo Ryan for blocking the transfer. Will coach cave?
#walker just trashed the people of #Wisconsin for 154K. That gives us the incentive to #GOTV to #recallwalker ALEC #WI cheapens us all.
Im in a real bad moid right now.
Feel like I need to abandon #teamblackberry where's the BB love #teamandroid sounds appealing
I work at
Most of the things I worry about never happen anyway
Never let you go oh oh oh oh. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
THANKS FOR BEING MY 500th FOLLOWER, Thanks to everyone that follows me
That is why He sent His Son Jesus to die for you on the Cross.
They aren't anywhere close to Nicks and Cruz. I have to set a trade deadline.
Front row for Rodgers, Matthews and Coach
Gold's too soft. At least Vibranium. Probably Adamantium.
I love that it was too much work to type "three times." Adorbs. X3
Between DEN & TEN. Only way DEN loses if TEN offers an enormous contract & part ownership of Titans. Rumors of 90 mill contract
Don't know. Let me get back to you on that. Have a lot coming up on weekend with bros graduation, work events, etc.
kennseth looks fast hoping the 11 18 hook up and one of them wins.
Over 60% of the US Hispanic population is under age 35, and 75% is under age 45.
your welcome I support u sweetie :)
Electrical outlets are more popular than video games at #sxswi. ok that's a stretch
That was a dumb final possession.
I'd like to get another copy myself. I didn't understand it back then. We used to sell your chord book too.
Also, do you need to lose weight? Try this great tip!
Scouting for Food collection today! Make sure to put get those cans out before the scouts come by!
25 cats and #Bruce !!!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 64
seriously, they're either messing with #Texas or trying their best to piss off every #LSU fan in the world
Just when you get ready for the storm one phone call can reveal the calm. My annoyance has been redirected & I'm ready to listen.
Slipped the surly bonds I did
My story on invasive plants, especially garlic mustard, airs at 4pm. Seriously just want to go home and pull weeds right now!
I has the weirdest dream.
According to , I hear has a purdy mouth!
i no am getting ready to go to atl next wensday soo i been bizy with music
Yeah, I struggled with that word. Ended up qualifying it as "their" reality. But there's nothing real about it. I'm gob-smacked.
love you man. Thanks for the support.
I will work out with you! Want to tonight? Text me if you feel like it.
Trailer Film The Expendables 2 Dirilis
Good to see you! We love us some !
RT : Pick up the latest issue Magazine to find out our list of Top 20 MKE Patios/Outdoor Dining!
VKML LOOKS THIN!
I was beast today
RT : Ladies FREE ALL NIGHT at The Mansion TONIGHT....DRESS CODE IS STRICTLY ENFORCED!
Follow and R/T this to win a Full Size Exuviance Heel Repair #contest #giveaway tweetsw.in/608/
Puckett goes hard to the basket and gets hacked. Makes 1. Kings up 29 to 15. 34 seconds left in 1st.
You guys are opening an Alamo in NYC? If this is true, I will buy you a shot of Jameson's.
It's Monday and I have six hours of meetings.
So those swirly lavender creatures from The Abyss don't actually live at the bottom of the Mariana Trench?
Did you try a sample of our Ethiopian Sidamo @ the Boston Local Food Festival? Buy online @ raoscoffee.com ...Love Your Coffee <3
Ok now I sound like a hater #hatenot I will buy one just to support and walk in Portland!
Nothing is fool-proof to a sufficiently talented fool.
Dude. Ugh.
Check out the McKees Rocks Employment & Training Center and 'Like' us on Facebook!
#Blackberry really needs to upgrade on their Apps.
happy Mothers Day to ur mom !<3
TY 4 the follow-back. I'm a local sax player with things like this to offer [see next tweet...]
Red Cross needs Type O negative blood in Mo. Less than one day's supply.
Thanks girl!!! Have a good weekend!! :)
I'm doing aite what about you?
Genesee called my bluff - I love that building and thought it could be saved, but I love beer and new development more. Go forth!
yeah I was wondering where yo azz was @ :-P
I'm the same way. I don't take it every day. But when I NEED to sleep one 3mg pill gets me through a night more than normal.
the creative genius behind
Has Jo ever beaten Rafa?
I've seen those jerseys for sale- I didn't realize people actually wore them. Especially 4 years later...
I am BEYOND confused today, ppl are having the oddest issues, and asking me the weirdest questions. I'm in the
yup you can! Works for ipod touches too.
Tuesday Quote: #history #museum #historical Ask not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country. JFK - 1961
i DMed you DM me back please
Dev guys in India are on track for month end. New designer dude is reworking logo and site design. Mojo is all good.
Holy smoke...just got the most amazing surprise in the mail from ! I will be using my gift card soon. Thanks SO much! xox
Now will the president go to the P g family BBQ
welcome back to USA
Ordering @ a Chinese restaurant. Waiter: "ha you be helped?". Debo's reply "yea we're cool...just ordered a couple beaner cutlets".
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!! :-) If I was in Kalamazoo... Id be in the kitchen all thru May!! Cooking cooking cooking WE LOVE YOU MA :-*
"Better lives for children leads to a better climate for business in Colorado" Ted Brown of Noble Energy.
is it sad that writing a paper that provides actual, interesting criticism and research makes getting a phd in english not totally crazy????
Can you talk about some of the stats you get back from Publicaster? What do you pay attention to and why?
Pooh. #Giants field goal.
so nice finally meeting you!
Getting your garden going? Come see Bob's beautiful handcrafted cedar planters at wholesale prices SE 79th & Foster 11-7 (behind Clear).
#askgeorge do you like playing kyle in waterloo road? x
Filled out survey and RT'd.
Retweet this if your standing in line for a chance to win something!
Its true yu really need to invest in yourself!! you cant depend or wait on anybody!!
Get off his overhyped jock! That's the most irrelevant 'historical' stat..
e let's go together and see it!!!
that's sick man! How many people can say they have their own nightlight?! Though they should do a legit one of your face! Haha
HIT UP ": GOT A HOT ARTIST THAT HAS A BUZZ?! HMU TRYNA BOOK ARTISTS TO HOST TAPES"
go die lol
Haha exactly!! Ha night=]
having drinks at epic. You?
I was until made me sick of them. RT : I thought you were a Knicks fan?
we ate it with a tamari & sesame oil dipping sauce. It was so good I just wanted to eat it plain!
Very Winston Churchill :)
I just wanna TV...
#OomfNeedsTo Hang out with me like a lot before I move.
It's Mardi Gras time in Louisiana. The parades roll this weekend and next.
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements - establishes which spouse is responsible for paying off debt.
quote-athon: at some point you have to say no to everything else and yes to the essential pieces of the experience
I shrieked loud in agony, "Either this is madness or it is Hell." "It is neither," calmly replied the voice of the Sphere, "it is Knowledge"
I am sorry but I hav to tell you this: IMHO Tim Burton is getting too comfortable with himself and his cast.
10 min tell new victoious cant wait to see it yyaaa <3
RT : RT : Lawyer: C represents a number, right? Expert: C _is_ a hexadecimal number. Jury: confused looks
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. ~ Mohandas Gandhi
Red State is now on #Netflix Instant.
It wasn't and you should have come. It was a flash mob party.
you eyes look WEIRD here! D:
This is how you eeaaattt iitttttt
That antidarkskin bitch blew me I saw that shit she said bout treyvon bitch suck a dick and die slowly
RT : Who n firestne !?- whole damn city!
Yuni B is worthless
thx for tweeting #book2; the session leader is
Better solutions are (almost) always local and based on the context and expertise of people within communities
Our poor car!! Was parked in a parking lot and some one backed right into us full speed. Awesome. Our CT has a big booboo.
Hey, shes not your daughter, seriously mind your own business.
RT : game on. No way lakers lose in first round <<son, this is 2012 no Otom and No Mr. Elbow Guy.
not-so-slowly and surely becoming obsessed with
u on tonight?
Hot pink jeep wrangler with zebra seats.... WTF? Did they put the Barbie Dream Jeep in production?? O yeah,Ken was driving it though...
everything happens 4 a reason
yayyy we can't wait!
alright bro! & yeah finale but idk if its the last episode forever
Seahawks receivers can't catch a cold!
sorry love. Duty called. But I owe you more than one.
Judge Harold Meyerson that Frank Bardacke's book is a masterpiece, the best non-fiction work of the 21st Century so far.
almost #22millionbeliebers and i still #BELIEVE youll follow me
#UKnoUrPrioritiesAreFuckUp when u choosing ur boys over ur wife and kids. Playtime is over get ur shit together.
just went for a short run now to get ready for work...wahhh
How does my 80 minute class go by 100x slower than my 180 minute class?
can have my kids any day. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Appreciate the time that you have now. As every second passes, you'll never be that young ever again.
My first time getting roofied <3333333333333
It's a Skype kinda day.
Users over the last year - Facebook +97%, MySpace -5%, Twitter +2681%, would hate to be the guy taking calls from Murdoch at MySpace
I work long nights for easy days
Hi Maggie! No, it's through SDA, but you can get 1 CEU. SDA is affiliated with AIA. Tell 'em to come and join us!
I won three hours of limo service. My friend put his feet in and they pulled him back before he stepped on one of the three.
Hey, hows it goin everyone? Having a good monday night?
Just saw your tweet - and now I'm craving peanut butter cookies in milk chocolate! Yum!
2012 won't be Any different from 2011 = Still gon' be Lies, Snakes, and more Haters!
X.X
Plans for Negril - New Years Eve 2013 are slowly happening. Who's coming?
In enemy territory, sporting my shirt proudly.
only to find out someone changed their handle to something super random so the one you memorized is good for nothing. Womp Womp
Off to take care of some business and then to train Charlie! Charlie pushes himself to the max every session!1367 watts on his bike-NEW PR!
BYU could be top 10 undefeated too RT Boise was Top-10 that year.
13% of Women Watch Porn at Work
Absolutely everything happens for a reason... Cause and Effect.
Olive Garden <3
wtf is that link?
Q from FB: Do you believe that adeqate progress being made concerning the effort against the #Somali pirates? Any changes anticipated?
omg i'm excited, though i imagined Gale to be a bit more tall dark handsome type
QUICK BREAK: What is one thing you are grateful for about your day?
I'm so sorry.
FOLLOW ME:D ILY
NF Hi Diva!!! Love your music and hope we could get into networking with one another.
I feel ya on that one! :x
I think social media builds and sustains momentum for reality TV shows -especially during a hiatus. Talk abt biting the hand that feeds you.
One more nail in the coffin..
#shitnoonesays ": CSI is awesome it's like a day away from everyone I want CSI”
Aspiring ppl around u makes dreams happen
I Woke Up At 1pm And I'm Still Tired :/.
Laying out with :) <U+2600>
you know what the hell im tlkn bout b!
Funny how a melody; sounds like a memory.
yus you did talk to kaitlyn
stink said tampa was soft last year
#Aetna Insurance sucks! Evidently, they feel they don't have to cover a current paid insured's cancer treatment! Inhumane and unfair!
why pay 300 dollars to party when skyy is only 20 dollars a fifth
D: Damn. I'll spread the bad news...
eating beaners for breakfast
* inhales & exhales * my bestfriend just made me feel soo much better .
Ever dream of driving the ball 450 yards? Meet in person this SATURDAY at Dick's Sporting Goods Washington Square 12-4pm!
Hi tweets, I am looking for a nanny or evening/weekend childcare center in the Richmond, VA area. Anyone know anyone? thx
Now,when I go to the bathroom I think"If you were here we'd be taking pictures"I promise I won't have the pizza till you come back!
Im about to stop!!!
I can't think of one library journal that publishes on librarian fashion or rants about the profession.
Jones or machida?
Going to tonight with our 2 yr old. Wish u were here, !
kiss the cook.
Happy Veterans Day! Thank you to veterans of all generations for everything you do to protect our great nation.
"Leaders think and talk about the solutions. Followers think and talk about the problems." ~ Brian Tracy..Which category do you fall into?
<3 Love is truly blind because your mom loved you before she saw your face...Happy Mother's Day to all the Twitter Mom's <3
"Cialis"... your body is telling you to forget about it...take up Golf!
Shout out to my homie and
No, traveling east is brutal.
How you can love soaps and think the Dark Shadows trailer is fantastic is totally beyond human comprehension.
hey yo wtf? I get no tag? Def feeling no less than sign 3
your absolutely right! GJ actually tweeted yesterday that the team remembers the tough loss in 2007 NFC Title game!
Soo, we got an outfielder. Because you know, scoring 9 runs isn't enough to win a game...
I Watch & I Learn & Thats How I Know Who's Real... Actions Speak Louder
good morning robert i hope you get feeling better!
Started playing Shadow of the Colossus right away, and I have no clue what to do or where to go.
They say you can lead a horse to water but you can't make them to drink it. Done with dragging a mule.
I want you. Helpless and beside yourself and desperate to be inside me. But don't pay any attention to me. I've not been sleeping.
Um, does playing on one's iPad constitute "winding down?" Hopefully ;)
Final inspection, closing, new buyer, new listing & gen'l Mon craziness on 3.5 hrs sleep & no caffeine. What are the odds that I'll make it?
when do the English editions begin?
if yur girl gets mad at you and you love her , dont give up , fight for her and dont move on , and she'll know you love her.
Had you rather Caesar were living, and die all slaves, than that Caesar were dead, to live all freemen?
why u in?
Sweet action! RT : Giving a guest photo lecture tonight at The Art Institute of Austin. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><U+FFFD>ttp://bit.ly/IZwV2C
Jason thank you so much! We both look forward to having you join us on June 1st. Really makes our day.
Connor-proofing the house has quickly become Mommy and Daddy proofing as well!!!
Who do you want to win the #masters?
Chocolate IS good for you. says so! Hope to taste more at
Yea...I know how you feel. Kind of an East Coast game this year. We're cheering for the commercials!
I really wish you'd stop holdng back
What happened to Alex Sulzer?
“ Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence. ~ Vince Lombardi”
Thank you!!!
After 30, shots should start counting as half-goals.
I LOVE summer & hot weather, but we need a little closure for this year. Got to get back to Port Aransas. Need more t-shirt clients there.
lol u silly
i have a party and softball on Friday i have a party and softball on Saturday i have a party and softball on Sunday , fun weekend (:
kahne: "there are twice as many farmville farms as real farms in the united states."
Count it all joy...! Because even on the hardest of days, you're at least alive to see them through...
Damn day two with P90X and its kicking my butt!!! Oh well its gonna be worth it in the end.
seriously we have awesome t-shirts with bottle openers attached. let me send you one. Oh I have a sweet stache too.
#tarot 4lovers: 4 of Pentacles. In search of love avoid the mean and moody, security possessive, this type shouts out 'commitment phobic'.
Any librarians from China in the group?
I'd buy. Then again I always buy #lecole41!
smell like she got ha clothes straight out the dirty clothes basket !
Is it all you can drink?
Know of any STD, HIV/AIDS awareness organizations in the South Suburban area? If so, let me know!
well thanks love! I Gotta give credit where credit is due
my parents were both terminally ill at the same time, mom died, still had to care for dad, then he died. Now I mourn both
i've supported you since day one austin and i truly believe in you <3 i hope you are having a freaking fabulous birthday!
Thank you for the retweet. I hope many benefit from the ARE study sessions. Have a great day!
5/20 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Sam Morril
RT : Haiti needs ur help pls donate to help our relief effort text YELE to 501 501 & 5 dollars will be donated 2 help those in Haiti
Come on guys! 5 more followers and I'm to 300 :)
You guys, the bear that got tranqued and fell out a tree in a funny fashion, got hit by a car and died. what a shitty last week for him
#JACKIESPEAKSRADIOSHOW AND #FRONTSTAGERADIOSHOW UNITE FOR OERTIME ON A THURSDAY NIGHT ..
I think it's an easy decision for the BCS. LSU Tigers vs. Green Bay Packers for the title.
Stop saying everything is your fault. I'm taking responsibility for what I'm doing, I'm trying to change babe. I wish you
I vote for #DCI AND #drumcorps I think people in and out of the biz use them pretty interchangeably a lot i.e. "did you m ...
Oakland is beautiful. Spring is here!
So many great ideas and papers at the FMCS! Ethnomusicological collaborations seem more relevant than ever in our diverse world.
So I see don't like tweeting/texting people anymore...what kinda little sister are you lol
face down
so tomorrow is gonna be beastin my niggah
I'm opening up a Battered Shrimp Shelter in my stomach.
Someone remind me: what time does #libchat start tonight?
Do it!
I just laughed so hard at snl I farted....
Thinking about hitting up Arden Mall today.
Lunch was my favorite part of school though... Fucked it up.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
hey, are you goin to florida next year??
I have to dream and reach for the stars, and if I miss a star then I grab a handful of clouds
happy 420 bro, toke up!
Like they say money ain't grow on trees.. So when I cash that check I say gimme all them 20s please. Makin money to do the things I wanna do
Sounds like a plan. I'd recommend emailing the structure you're using to all pilot members.
thanks! I do love Memorial Park, always someone to pace with or pretend I'm racing ;-)
having one of those "throw in the towel on the homeschooling kinda days.". and haul them all back to public school.
real life poke war..nvm that facebook ish
ate all of our postgame burgers back at our hotel - Ivan and I went to get them!! Or maybe it was Joe!
So long to my #Oklahoma family! You'll be sorely missed.
My daddy just called to see if I'd watch the game w/ him. Bah! I couldn't say no! Thanks for the invite tho!
Made it to #Dayton. Looking forward to #WGI prelims tomorrow with #Golden High School
Have a lived life instead of a career
Super! Will be there again one of these days. Drink? Having hella fun managing & taking freelance PR gigs!
hahaha. Danny needs to sign you up. We need some help in the post!! :)
A storm system is forecast to move out of the central Rockies tonight and intensify as it reaches the eastern Great Lakes by Wednesday
iTunes genius lists are ingenious! Rediscovering my music library, Blue Moon & orange on THE patio. #TGIF! TGIS (summer)
I just finished the limeade for lunch Looks like #TheSassano isn't the only thing with your name on it today.
Volunteers sought for El Paso County emergency districts
Please spread the word...IMM ONLINE REGISTRATION ENDS at midnight on October 31st!
"You define your own life. Don’t let other people write your script. — OPRAH WINFREY
Fav Tequila Day = 1 spent w/ you @ Iron Cactus. Or the 1 spent w/ you in San Fran @ the place w/ uber-high-end tequila. Or. .. :D
it's all good Fam its just friendly competition. But y'all don't have a legit closer. We on the other hand have a few lol!
#realmajor : is studying for a really hard midterm as I color in my journal for dance class.
so if samuel sleeps with his mom, she can't get pregnant right? It's not like she can have another him
sleeping beauty in her natural habitat
You can come back as alum, unless too far away. Have Flash? RT : forgot I'm not there anymore lol
2011 Fringe writer/producers and speak about their experiences and the process of writing and putting up a show.
awh that's cute, what happened?:) and please follow me?<3
right but that's all I carry is plastic when it come to gettin shoes n shit smh
In all seriousness, 's piece on an #ABQ public meetings legend is AWESOME. Everyone read the Journal tomorrow.
IS WONDERING IF THERE IS A SUCH THING AS PUMPKIN PIE POISONING OR LEFT OVER TURKEY OVERDOSE?
watch the fights tonight?
anybody wanna talk to me??? :)
"grass fed beef testicle" is my new favorite string of words.
By month's end, we hope!
If u can only speak love,then only love cancomeoutofyourmouth.If that is so, then let's have a conversation of only love-Sahara Sunday Spain
Agreed! RT Key takeaway to keep the board motivated, "celebrate the wins"
Are we over-concerned with privacy? encourages everyone to share their experiences online
On my way to Lafayette to hear Governor Daniels make a jobs announcement
we need more boss error messages on twitter. like "dude you're a spammer. nice try anyway!"
I do not know for sure if they are, no! :( But I really hope they do!
...and triple chocolate cake for dessert. Someone roll me to a couch!
ship me a tiara!
Did you notice Elon Musk in the credits?
I have 493 followers...i cant go beyond that for some reason.
lol we do both! It be a pleasure to help.
Everyone has a weakness. You just happen to be mine.
- I look forward to raising the bar. Users will have soon have alternatives for the Desktop, iPad, Win/Lin, and server capability.
Retweet if you've known about Austin for more than a year.
yo yo what is up everyone?!
Been known as a screw up, this proves my point.
“: Yo fans! We see you requesting "Honestly" - and it's coming up!!! #honestly :)” Yay #HotChelleRae fans!
Maybe should sit in the front of the class instead of creeping in the back corner of the room.
Like I stop for no reason? I'm sorry y'all. Haha
Another parade in the rain!! #Grant #GoDems!!
Thanks Jess! Pray for a brotha lol
Demetria Delicious Lovato. The best fucking TT ever. you gotta see this baby!! ;)
That makes 3 of us
But those songs are awful for running, IMO. I need faster tempo. Hardstyle techno all the way.
thanks for the shoutout.
exactly. “: I don't mind going for it, just didn't like the play selection. #Falcons”
U got it baby girl! RT March for Hermosa June for Irvine! put me on the list for tickets
THE Meatloaf. Try It. Hash House a Go Go amps Vegas domination with location downtown grand opening Wed 8/31
We would! That needs to happen one day & soon! :)
ugh...neo-nazi's rising in Greece? When did this start?
thanks for following #palsloungeatl!!
haha! Fuk that shit though my crew going ham right now bruh!
What magazine(s) would you recommend I subscribe to?
Yay, I finally reached 500 tweets. I am a social networking phenom!
Still anxiously waiting confirmation on our team registration!!!!
Great point! #blogchat It's like changing from a selling focus to a teaching focus 2 me
my 71 year old Dad: why is the dishwasher totally empty except for... Oh HOLY [expletive deleted] ... WHERE IS JESSICA?
thanks Jackie :) Hope you have a wonderful day crazy lady :D
Sorry about that. Should be back up now!
Lunch at Finn, sitting outside watching the fins of dolphins appear out of the water
why the fuck does turkey take two freaking days to defrost lol
RT : We often underestimate the compounding effect of faithfulness.
As anti-plagiarism software gets more sophisticated, will we find out that all politicians' utterances should have <U+0093>"" around them?
Just realized they fazed out dexters other kids
I believe you have to be clean to play dirty though
If It Takes You This Long To See It , I'm Sorry I Haven't Made It Clear Enough .
Goodbye Dallas! Happy to see them get swept!
Dreamers on the 15S is the roadside cafe I dream of finding on a road trip.
Head on over to for their benefit for Haiti. Great food and drink. $50 donation matched by MK!
I don't think they make it anymore.
I'm not heartless.. I just learned to use my heart..less
How Hot is it? It's so hot you can use your dashboard as an oven. We'll start "cooking" with Melanie Neiman watch CBS19
What's better than 1 taco? 2. Like DC's own on 2029 P Street NW, AND 4731 Elm Street. You can get #Belly points at both!
GOD MORNING NIALL!!!! :) how are you doing today?! :D <3
The bacon isn't gold. That's just grease..dripping gold. What! He so would have a big gold record dangling as should we.
Day 1 on the glades:)
#vogwhore that's me plain and simple
You should DM them and ask.
ya what's goin down tonight?
We'd LOVE to feature you guys later this week in your swanky new Reman U shirts....have they arrived in the mail yet?
always down to the the cooter piercing with me if ya want
The Miami HEAT are going to bring it tonight! Got your jersey ready?
I love how my grandpas truck alwayd smells like cigs :p haha
RT: "Your boy is such a natural star!"...True ;) Glad his passion 4 creating delicious Italian sanwiches has taken him far!
Going down rt. 60 can't see a damn thing......
cool I've never seen one of those before. Learn something new every day!
I'm not jealous. I could no more do a southern cooking show than PD could do matzah balls and gefilte fish :)
and God intended for us to guard each other's backs.
ugh i hate being sick.
you think that goes fast try all 4 years
Your website contact form, isn't working. I need to speak with the Director of Communications or a Press Officer. Help, please?
Hey guys, come on, let's get #BulliesAreTheVoiceOfReason trending!!!!!
yes! Second time a charm.
Agrred, but little person is the preferred vernacular.
The Science of Presentations With Dan Zarrella
Dare to be different
BRING IT ON, the musical based on the fan favorite film, will play a limited engagement at the St. James Theatre this summer.
Coworkers: "Engage politics talk." mkebecky: "Engage volume on headphones."
Time to get ready for work. Have a great day everyone. May The Force Be With You!!! #peace #love & #Yoda ;0)
you weren't even crying...
Muse models tomorrow
Send your questions to #OTRC where may pick your question to ask the arrivals.
RIP Jacob Ball
#ThatAwkwardMoment when ppl from school follow you and they notice that your obsessed with & <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
UConn's Roscoe Smith banks a three-pointer at the buzzer to end the half, and pounds his chest like he meant to do it.
my wife has made me love your tv show good luck with the dating game and stay away from those friggin D.Cowboys
OMG. HAPPY BIRTHDAY :)
Hello to the best bar in Chicago! Y'all come down and visit sometime! RT Hello to the best bar in Nashville! And our favorite!
Happy Mother's Day to all moms out there! None of us would be who we are without you.
Fuck Findley Prep High School! Come to find out they only released Anthony Bennett's transcripts to UNLV. Had no choice in where he went.
Living on the lower east side has made it hard for me to know if the cute guy is a homeless person or a hipster. They dress too alike :(
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn! - Gone With the Wind, spoken by Clark Gable
no sxsw this year- still resting and gettin my strength back for april shows!!
I've never thought of that but good idea Plus it comes in many colors: pink, camouflage, to tie dye so it doesn't have to b boring
Damn damn them boys Up by pippen
It's funny: you can tell the typesetters ran out of one kind of R & other letters too. 17th-cent. print is so tangible, almost alive.
What a perfect night to have fabulous pasta or pizza with 50% off a great wine list!!! What is there to think about come on in!
Espada Case Jurors Noting Progress On their ninth day of deliberations, the federal jury weighing corruption and embezzlement charges aga
Our pleasure. A signed copy of TINKERS is on its the way.
Do you realize Bishop-Hawk both didn't play against Giants?Wasn't Pickett only around 70% as well in NY?
What a great night :) I hit 1000 followers! Goodnight all!
The genius of Joel Robuchon
Bitch before you judge me, make sure your perfect!
Not only that, but since when does Memphis get to use the "Beat LA" chant?
If you complain about work taking too log to end, before you know it it really is over.
Wow... it is getting hot already!
Studying Tantra is changing my life
The love of baseball in this town is real. Downtown Bmore is beaming with civic pride and Orange today. Too bad tmorrow will b empty.
Out & about with Grandma today for her last day in SD!
Grabbing some movie tickets and ice cream at the Woodinville Costco. Scheduling with GPL in Bellevue for this month!
I wish some people would take a hint and stop contacting me. Unfortunately, very few of my wishes ever come true.
Please Follow me Alex <3
Made my #fantasyfootball superbowl! The bad news:my opponent is starting He can't make players on OTHER teams better too can he?
the fact I couldn't go to 's middle east show yesterday << that's equivalent to blasphemy. lol is it May 31st yet? I need it to be
Teacher Tuesday! Teachers get happy hour all night long, normally 4-7pm. Wine tasting all day with 4 different wines-2 whites 2 reds.
I hate chicks calling other females hoes but yet they dress like one!
Buy 1 24oz Smoothie, Get 1 24oz Smoothie Free! Right Now until 5pm. Limit 1 Per Customer. May not Be Combined with any other offer. Hurry!
Back from field trip! Saw Jay Z's yacht, I guess that's kinda cool<U+2665>
what's cool ?
“: Anyone else have a thing for Jeff Goldblum?” Always. He has a permanent Jurassic Parking spot in my heart.
Schalke tie it up!
We Very Sad,We From Belieber,Never Pray You,We Love you
Log on to WVIP or tune in to 93.5 FM as I am being interviewed right now!!!!!
is so flawed you don't even know where to start.
I love waking up to beautiful days. I <3 summer.. I wanna give a S/O to <3 miss you guys ;)
any bag is fine, as long as it doesn't have a bleeding goat face or Justin bieber's head on it (too much )
Today we will cover the Counts and Stiles articles. See you later.
: You'd still be awesome, but together with MKE? You're unstoppable.
RT : APD is reporting a serious crash involving a motorcycle and an SUV at Golf Course and McMahon--expect delays.
MY HAND IS A DOLPHIN
Symphony Crack!! Feb. 10th at Havana Club!
Thank you so much for sharing
Is it possible to take screen shots? And is it possible to save pictures online to the phone?
Sorry for the slow reply! Thanks for the kind words. Your MA research looks cool - what will you do when you finish?
new news later :]
We down by 3 only. Hope momentum shifts our way.
Feeling much better today! :) #Weho helped a lot last night
:) there's a party on the roof top Top of the world.
Seing other people laugh makes me want to laugh
haha that's great
2 days of 2 hour Irene Dowd spirals workshops?! My abdominals are connected and some kind of happy! :)
All you dog and cat owners, do you feel you have a need to keep you pet clean without having to give them a bath?How do u handle bad smells?
I'm up for a shoutout for shoutout (:
I'm both.
-Winston Churchill
i miss the old you :(
Proud. Proud of my life. Of you. Of my school. Of every thing around me. Couldn't be happier. I'm just filled with pride.
I don't make the rules.
omg...my arms have never been so sore!
Spent too much money at Walmart for my new place NEW EVERYTHING
I have the best friends in the world. Thank you for all of your support. I will not give up, I will not let people succeed in destroying me.
haha ditto! Only because I have lost the use of my left arm but I still think it was a better choice. Xoxo
You realize it'll be about 5 min for the spambots to pick up the new hashtag right?
thanks for following Conrad!
Rum and coke = good cough medicine.
why you didn't invite me to your birthday? ;( xD
Buddah my bread for me, will ya?
thinking about moving the Family from Md to Lockwood Ranch - any advice?
Don't forget: 1) Say hi to John & Allison at #IMEA this weekend, they'll be representing the Paige's booth; 2) RT us by Fri for chance at $$
Go see Project Nim, the new documentary by James Marsh. It just blew me away at E Street.
legs weigh
Merry Christmas!
RT : Come experience the Recovery Zone at from 10-3! Try Kahluah French Toast or fresh baked jalepeno biscuits...
Field is in bad shape over here. We need lots of sunshine to be ready by 5pm. Visitor's dugout is still underwater
Another great show from EVOLVE. Torn on which one I liked more but both shows are without a doubt worth seeing!
Good news! We're re-opening tomorrow on Wed. July 13th - Thx for your concern and patience this past week. Hope to see you soon!
RT "Genius begins great works; labor alone finishes them." Joseph Joubert
Swayzes Rocked? Check. Come See us Monday At The Sharps Bar!
Brain Safe wins 3rd, MyBetterFit 2nd, No Sleep Kills 1st, & that's a wrap! thx 2 all that particip. | Big-Data Code-a-thon
#Abercrombie doesn't care for the Jersey Shore cast. But they love kiddie porn.
Thanks Liz Wendling for the "Like"! ;)
yo Life wen you gonna record that track? the one I sent you
Huge sale at Jay Honda in Bedford!!! See Jesse Lee
You did everything you could, Liv.Back on the horse, mama!
GARY NEAL.
bored ! jus got done eatting dinner moms made some bomb food
hey send me a message w your address, size, design you want, ill give you a paypal add, or you can buy one off our website
they never are ;)
Joseph I came today to talk. You were very busy. Have a great day. Cynthia Harris
One of my life long dreams is to have a magazine called "playdog" it would be pictures of dogs dressed up all sexy
why is it whenever I say no..... She say yes? Is it opposite day?
Give thanks to the most high today and more importantly EVERYDAY for the many blessings in life.
so glad yo hear. How you doing? Was texting u only to realized your # change lol
what explains me best: got ready this morning to Taylor Swift, finishing touches to Braille ;-)
“: Congratulations for winning The Actor in "The Help." #SAGawards” So very happy for her!
Forget the claw and antler shit, fear the Ceej.
Our kids are at it again! Drop by the SEI gym TONIGHT and check out our 2nd-5th graders play in the SUN #basketball league, 4-6pm
HEY GUYS LET'S PARTY
I want snow to go.
Apparantly my mom failed to tell me I don't have unlimited data on my smart phone. Only text. Shes the best
you back in the usofa yet?
Yea iam following them
Had breakfast with Joice Taylor taking about the Martin Luther King Run on Auguest 5 2012
gracias= grassy ass
What all would you have in your dream game room?
Guess I'll finish this work sense I can't get a text back
just checked it out! It must just been posted! May go look at flights ! Here we go !!
bHAHAHA YOU cant win
I wish I had a phone that could open We Transfer
After 64 straight workdays, I claim this evening off. Powers of two!
People get ready for in #minneapolis tonight and tomorrow! Get yourself to at 9 tonight and 8 sharp tomorrow
This! {RT : "If you're not building features that your users want, you're doing it wrong!"
They've been on the shelf for less than an hour and we've already sold two! So glad we're carrying your local product.
Love seeing the #Pacers and beat the #Heat. Hey, : make your free throws.
who you got
This day has been so up and down emotionally speaking. Ugh.
hey I am goin to the Vegas show and i didn't get VIP so I was wondering if you know about any special signings or events?
its adorable!
Pts for best food truck name go to Haulin Balls food truck serving the hippest meatballs
Oh, too funny. I posted obnoxious magazine cover headlines and am getting all the D I E T spammers now.
Mr. Belding is trending right now and you were the first person I thought of.
so u say lmbo ;)
Inge update. Batting 2nd for Oakland today, 0-2 average at .120. Has a strikeout as well.
awesome! My email is ... Let's chat more!!
Excited to start Mahler 1 with DPSO on Monday!
I guess one way of getting your spring break bod is turning on the heat in the car and sweating to death
Golden State Warriors manage 12 points in the 3rd quarter. And they thought Don Nelson was the problem? Atleast then they could score.
I wish I didn't have the habit of biting my nails.
Happy Wednesday!
word I hate: ''Really?" When used to imply you gotta be kidding
your getting hella annoying!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Mad ratchet bitches on the 80. Loud as fuck.
Have you considered teaching a sabermetrics course at all? I'm thinking about putting together an intro to R using baseball stats
A fellow stylist had client say" I don't use conditoner,I get my hair bleached every 5 weeks,and I swim daily-why is my hair dry?"-oh boy!
I love you and miss you so much! Plan to see me December 15th-17th.
I see a pattern
But that's the complaint of an aesthete, not an engineer, who will happily punctuate if it squashes one problem in thirty ;-)
of course, same to you hun! :-)
Can it be true? Visit the California Academy of Sciences today for Free Admission (the 3rd Wednesday of every month)! Hours: 9:30am-5:00pm.
Finna watch soul men
Mamas: Happy Mothers Day! Thank your kids 4 making you a mom! We are lucky. :0)
Can't really blame Axford, broken-bat single, bloop double in the gap that Rickie nearly caught, and a half swing base hit
Okay. Im sorry. I over exagerated. But dont call me and say im sorry when you just told me to stay at my moms.
I've spent 7 hours over 3 days talking with your people to fix my machine. It won't even boot. I don't have all this time to waste.
The 5AM personal style is interesting. One problem working at night is the clutter of the daily issues is at its highest.
4:30 is when they change shifts so they never stop. They have to get the cab to the next driver.
#NP Find A Place!!! Lol I'm really tryna sing like him <U+263A><U+263A>
Nothing is set in stone until the year before the school opens. You can call Resource Planning Dept. for more info: 397-8588.
ha I'll go buy it first thing in da morning... Lol I prolly won't thou
They boy&I have doubled our games collection in the last few weeks. Pandemic &Carcassone: Wheel of Fourtune last night; what tonight?
Even black kids between the ages of 7-11 already have a fear of the cops. This is the age they should all want to be cops
Hard writing makes easy reading. Easy writing makes hard reading. -William Zinsser
Hahahahaha now is there a country girl like McKinley or whatever her name was
Consider upgrading to a G1... ;-)
Hopefully some time today.
Ur pretty much just horrible! Toms my fav now
Just a bit outside
I want to go #swimming and
Bullied thru a swing/grave double shift, now back to my normally scheduled swing.... This is for you, Pip... IT'S GO TIME!!!!
not sure what/how much it'd take to shave it off
I really enjoyed the part where he said you take yourself too seriously.
wait wat part r u jk about being @ work?
Not even close!
Late 6:53 PM: Supporting Actor. 7:04 PM: Score. 7:08 PM: Song (expect a possible Muppet surprise here).
how much 4 just 10 beats
Wrote three new hip hop tracks. Makin my new style "Southern Dubstep/Hi Hop". Bass all day son!
Thank you, Sharon! Have a great weekend!
Team U is NYC July 7th, then the USAs are iN Vegas at the end of July so we'll see how i GROW , time to put on SIZE!!!!
Bode was flying. Need a shorter race by 100 yards
When did baseball pants beome bootcut?
I need Sumbdy ta mak me feel Betta I done ate n Erthang its still hurting
I wasn't impressed w/ Race in America series but I'm giving #BeyondTrayvon a chance. I hope does better this time.
Paw Naturals is hiring Part Time workers! Please message us if you are interested in a position.
That soup looks so yummy! :)
Traffic is at a crawl today. I'm going to be late to work.
RT : Because we want to share the #FF love, we'll give a #FF shout-out to the next 25 people who tag us in a #FF!
but hayley. i like actually am smart. like legits. anything medical i got the answer brah
did not see a memo seems to be very popular w/ the 14 to 20 somethings ... saw the movie, read the book ... pretty depressing
should get hormones injected then have a breast feeding mo verses episode against Nikki Caldwell
Irritates me that scouts say Russell Wilson is too small for the pros but talk about how UW's O-Line was bigger than most pro teams.
watching live footage of #coachella. Kid can dream.
#SometimesIwonder if dreams are messages from our higher power.
I do hateful things for which people love me and I do lovable things for which people hate me... I am admired for my detestability.
The power of words in your Marketing message.
To all of our new followers, Thank you for following us.
Going to bed early tonight I guess
really? Mike Donahue. Coverage is weak. No offense
hahahah, I didn't even notice that
Hey Lola. I great! How are you? I luv the default pic! =)
One day soon
Funny thing just happened, I was responding to 's tweets about fake weight loss commercials and almost immediately afterwards I get
just bought a bunch of old songs on itunes... #remindsmeofmychildhood #almostallgrownup! :)
so fine
EVERYBODY MOVE YOUR FEET UNTIL YOU NITE IT OH OH OH
Ready for the Murdoccos here in Miami
Thanks Nate. Hope y'all are doing well! We miss you
This girl loves me but fuck it my heart beats slow
High high high high high high high high high high high high high high high high high high high high
Time for something funny, go to YouTube type in. grandson gets brain freeze. It's the first one there. Go go go
About 50% of the time "good luck" means "fuck you
by lack of an app, I mean it's stupid that you have to use a browser, you can't just open a folder and drag & drop like w/Dropbox
Thanks very much for the follow, we'd love to come and check out your place it looks stunning!
Stupid space bags never lay flat like the commercials but bed bugs from NOLA would sux
My DREAM is For You to Follow ME ,iWas Part Of Making Yours Come True, Now Make Mine Come Truue <3 iLoveyou! ;D,
looks like a "before and after" picture of our livers upon meeting!
Killer day in the studio!!! Almost finished with a new Bomber :-)
Taco Del Mar is back at the Maui Mall. New owners, new perks, new promotions!
Nice use of QWiPS with your quote of the day!
4. Swag = an ornamental festoon of flowers, fruit, and greenery or Merchandise or Ghetto Term
is looking for bands to play in Maine sept. 23rd. Hit em up if you're a sick band!!
biggest mistake ive ever made..
had the former, I'll try the latter. Big Egg is pretty good, just looking former options.
So sad.. my sister inlaw was able to get me a ticket but I was unable to get off work!! =(
short ribs slow cooking in a chocolate stout
aye I can take u there ;)
I screwed up so much
i love hiphop i just hate the niggaz in it
If you are looking for a bite to eat and some Holiday cheer is open all weekend. Stop and say hello.
No offense but I feel that anyone who believes in it is dumb
haha about that...
RT : See can't take no were....they show out every time! And I love it!!
FBCD HUGE BIDS COMING IN!!! Get ready folks she's ready to blow. .10+ here we come
ugh i hate science class just want to go gym so.badd such a beautiful day out hope everyone.is enjoying.it :-)
When we complain, we remain. When we whine, we stay behind. When we praise, we raise
Hard lesson/ advice my dad always tells me about society: the world is not fair and no one cares about what you think. Sad but true...
fish week & #contest! #Win #prizes from Vita Foods worth $50! Includes endorsed Perfect Catch: www.joyofkosher.com
On line registration is now available for the Rawhide Ranch Equestrian Experience Workshop. Go to www.rawhideranch.com for more information.
only if she can do a mash up of all things considered, prairie home companion and car talk!
#Web20Lsk Companies should also have their own blog
You're car?! I can give you gas mulah! Is it playing in McMinnville?
Making a ton of progress on my non-credit #marketing presentation for next week's #upceamktg conf. - can't wait for my 1st time in #vegas!
Ugh... Cmon Nova!
secrets! But let me know if you see a change (down the road) lol
LETS TO THUNDER CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP
Thank you so much!
yeah you play with sticks on grass. Idk how to explain it
#roadron There's our Roger...Making Johnson earn his keep.
I know y you say I'm cocky because I'm out doin stuff you will never live up to in life
But even on the loss side!
Who is having a moist moment today?
no u fuckin won't!!!
Baby, for once let's don't think twice
Hoping to get some face time w Education & Digital Media folks when I'm there in June! Help a poor grad student out?
Full Service is going to be on that cruise, Bonesaw and Smellman are buddies of mine. Small world.
Didn't know Big Ben has been found guilty of anything in court of law. Wait 'n see is my tude.
Saying you're agile doesn't make you
So cracked the shit out of my iPad this morning and no apple care... Needless to say the day is not off to a good start!
I love you more babe! Ready to see you tomorrow! #cantwait:-)
That' real talk .. I think Ppl need 2B grown & really communicate .. Like: I Love U but I don't always want 2 talk 2 U sorry!
At Downtown Madison plan presentation this morning. 10 big ideas, starting with 'celebrate the lakes'
My poor baby!! :( RT : I flew from Australia to LA to NYC.. My jet-lag is crazy.. My body has no idea where it is <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Getting gas. 4.17 a gallon is just dumb.
I love when ratchet hoes get you sent to the office.
Is it just me or is there no interesting news today? Just old April Fools jokes. Sorry I've got nothing to share!
Could you imagine sharding yourself in an airport? #whatwouldyoudo #randomthoughtoftheday #
Katie is scratching herself with the cards we're playing with.
I miss my cousin jobie
10 days till my trip back to my ol stomping ground. I'll be teaching a blowjob class while I'm down there. Orlando? MORE LIKE WHORElando.
I'll never forget that text. It was so,..... Touching.
feel bad for people who go back to skool tomorrow:( i go back on erndesday:D
I'm doing well. How are you? :)
Loved being this morning!
Making fresh lime basil garlic porkchops with fresh garden salad corn and garlic rice... yummy ..we eatin good
i hope #SomeDay will follow me!!<U+2665> #NeverSayNever :D
Happiness is ______________.
Come meet some Lucky Dogs this weekend and help them find a forever home!! will be at on May 5 from 10am-4pm
my mom and dad is fighting a lot and it is getting into bigger and bigger fights everyday
My friends are on Last Call with Carson Daly tonight! :)
okay accept me :')
Tottenham gets first goal of
Need a 100% on MGT 301 to get an A. Should be a piece of cake
Represent! RT getting very excited for the bottling of our new 100 Barrel Series beer, Vermont Spruce Tip Ale in one week.
Sick. Game.
Probably my favorite thing about THE MUPPETS was that it gave a major role to Uncle Deadly.
Facebook buys Instagram for $1 Billion! Wow!
Watching Moonshiners with Viggle Wed | 7PM | Discovery Get real rewards just for watching TV.
RT Think #paidsickdays & #paidleave are needed in a 21st century economy for 21st century families?
“: The #Packers have released Nick Collins, according to agent Alan Herman.” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
nice... That movie is hilarious
Happy New Year!
Freaking out
Right as my mom ends treatment for esophageal cancer I learn I have GERD. Glad to know this now! HEARTBURN CAUSES CANCER!
My heart is my iPod Filled with music You on auto-play Every love song ever written I push play:))))))
morning in Milwaukee: car horns, beer bottles, blue jays.
Join...Ted Thompson...Packer Nation wants you FIRED!!!! ON FACEBOOK NOW
I have seen Redline before I think, do they sell those at convenience stores?
I haven't figured it out yet, but I'm convinced my ability to create cartoon voices will one day be useful
Didn't tear my acl that's good but now MRI to find out what is wrong
please follow me and make my only dream come true <3
hey you!! How goes it on this wonderful Friday night?
MSU vs UNC, what an environment! What a bad #nationalanthem though. Probably should have picked someone else #abitflat oh well, Go America!
If you blame Ron's pass to Steve, or Steve's shot selection, for this loss, I'm blocking and reporting you for spam.
I will call u n tha mrnin and see where u at
“: By visualizing your perfect outcome, the perfect action is always inspired." how about this quote- dead on!
It's #jimmertime, and the #BYU alumni will definitely be in full force at the Verizon Center tonight! Who's with me?
Broadcast issues, ?
It was crazy packed!
“: Be quiet ChildsPlay” blow me
Metta World Piece 'o' work.
YO mama! how are you?! hope your well! TWIT-HUG!
My Saunders Snapak arrived today. Now I can teach my lessons with the timeless style of a drywall contractor.
I remember in the 4th grade asking for the number 8 in Little League because of Gary Carter.
it feels like you got to go through all the bad apples to get to the good one some time it just feels like im never going to find that one.
lol I always felt out of the loop when someone said that.
YouTube comment on jj: "is this angel or a humen been ? i wish i can marry you .. i dont wanna fuck you .. just sing bitch sing !!"
how long does it take to get there? I wanna play
looking forward to catching up with you at your Hanes event tonight at Stubbs!
I'd like my shoulders *not* to be a mass of pain, plzkthx.
workin' out & Basketball you?
#terps enough said!
Get ready for some food porn pics! Knocked off five items on #Roswells42BDayFavorites!!
Team 10 Media is out at Studio 11 Films today!
No man should have #TeamBreezy in his bio..
that fixed it. Thanks.
my green peppers are the only thibngs that didn't sprout! Had to buy plants already started. My other 30 things worked!
Why Did Chris Brown Do That to His Hairr. D: Hes soo Hot.. && know look @ Him. XD
Hey you! Turn off gossip girl and do yourself a favor. Watch the state of the union address now!
They need to do something about this...
lmaooo “: Hey we can't stay together if you kissed Nas for real”
i like yesterday race good job
Ughh I'm going to sleep, screw this-_-
If you are not on tumblr, you need to be.
Learning to make the most of Facebook Timeline for pages w/
see u in a new movie soon Arnold
Explain why Atlanta drivers are so terrible.
I read "Post" as in "after" and then wondered what after-Newsweek stations were!
live-tweeting a first date is sexy.
What happened to dependable referees from the SEC?
Hunger Games: Ant Colony edition.
-- so ready for #Survivor tonight! Getting down to the wire!
up watching mindless tv #whyidon'treallyknowwellmaybido
HE CANT CONTROL ME. WHO DOES HE THINK HE IS, MY FATHER!? WELL NO HES NOT! HE'S JUST JOEY AND HE CANT TEL ME WHO I CAN AND CANT FUCKING DATE!
are you on Dallas?
Aww you're so sweet with giving back! I love this pic
an ez way to clear clogged pores is 2 sit n a steamroom 4 10-15 min 3x a week. sweating pushes out the dirt & oil, b sure 2 wash after!
You should really practice what you preach. Fyi
I hope dis food good lol
love you and miss you bro! Thanks a lot
I also need to do a better job remembering which is an Italian Soda and which is a French Soda.
I really wanna twitpic my hair..but idk if y'all are ready..lol
“'Curiosity never killed this cat'—that’s what I’d like as my epitaph." Studs Turkel
"Don't let what you can't do tear from your hands what you can"...Ashanti Proverb
but, you're kinda pissing me off.
I do know of a nice townhome community with units close to Viking Drive...r u on Facebook?
Hate his annoying ass RT : what do you think of Barabas in Skyrim?
What would you guys like us to talk about in the Documentary?
Total tanning bed enthusiasts. Just like Snooki.
get bit ...or run and get bit ....or aww dis dog aint gne do shyt nd get bit ....or <<<
All right. Which one of you thieves took the Girl Scout cookies off my desk? I know they were here somewhere...... *searching messy desk*
I don't know if that was the best decision I've made.
Something Mildly Fearsome this way comes..... Keep your eyes peeled for a big announcement soon!
what you talkin bout woman
I'm wait for MTV to put on the hills on the web hahaha
that was very harsh what he did to you on #raw he couldn't face you like a man hope your arm is okay
There are so many Chico's commercials on daytime TV.
I did mine this morningzzz
donut is eating donuts.
Google reader for dashboards, Tweetdeck, Monittor, PostRank analytics, and Google Alerts for indexed content.
Wanna go to #armandos n get sumthin to eat , but dnt feel like driving to sw...
We're participating in a demo with next week at , stop by booth #2360 to see it! , , and more
Can my need for Diet Pepsi overcome my revulsion at drinking it warm? Yes. Yes it can.
Of course my horse/pony! Thanks for the camera fellas, safe travels!
great read. But then I knew the facts already. Nice to c people who care about facts 1st n not their ideals despite the facts.
Yeah, problem is they're human and like no other sport seem to get influenced by the crowd/coaches/players too much
Lehrer: Honest mistakes in journalism are OK. Political mistakes are not.
yeah add me to your twitter
So much wedding planning info out there! If people's insane energy could be redirected to something more useful... Cure cancer?
how do we get a new mod? at least rfranke727 is holding it down...
Great sixth inning
2008 Grabber Orange mustang gt :D
Saturday, Center, in Green Bay lol
Happy New Year from
#YoungNTruthful #SelfMade aint even gotta say nothin, you already know what it is.
Happy Purple Friday #Baltimore! Show us the Purple!!!
Well I'll be a jack spiffy on a horn toad! Burt Odelsen, the lawyer challenging Rahm's residency, works for James Meeks!
": Caught up on ur ex still? I can get you past it."
it's kind of intense writing. Just started tonight. Had to take a breather.
give staff art supplies to re-realize their inspiration abt object in museum&discuss and share personal stories and connections
Final paper done! #boom too bad I didn't finish the other one :/
Treat yourself the same way you'd treat someone who you love & adore :-)
"Tell me the one thing you love more than anything else, and I will tell you the name of your god." ~ Elisha Hale
Thanks to this one person i cant fucking sleep now...
But I know my dad is giving up the TV at 11 so I can watch Friends.
Listening to parts on last.fm. I'm sure you can even find it on YouTube by now.
Paper cuts are a poet's best friend, for they provide you with paper and pain.
Kohl: look at brewers. When they got Miller Park, their team nothing to brag about either.
And auto correct messed up my hash tag so no one is seeing my #ISUSMSymposium tweets lol
Trying to keep a straight face watching this morning. and Life Colors.
Love the pic! Now, Suze are you still running for President in 2012?? You'll straighten up the economy fo sho!
What don't kill you can only make you stronger...
Hope your ski areas are finally getting some snow...look forward to your info...
#almostonemoreweek til Hannah has no more friends! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> #sarcasm. I'm dreading the end of summer..... Ugh
cool!!!! Hope you like it in Bangladesh!!
Will the Spurs sweep the Jazz
OMG... My head is banging right now. Too much thinking for one day
Big time excited for Elvis Costello and the Spectacular Spinning Songbook tonight.
Esposito (Phil, that is ...)
#TheMostCommonLies ~starting monday im on a diet
I need a physical
Kindoms of Amalur is an amazingly fun game :D
I will mention it to the Team and see if they want to take a little road trip! Really appreciate all the info.
I still like you - I just don't like when u talk about my Steelers!
i haven't seen many films from people of color, woman and others of diverse backgrounds, so our goal is help the diverse ...
Thanks for the RT last week, Liz! Hope you're off to a great week! :)
Awesome video! It's a must watch, for sure. What day are you guys playing Sasquatch?
Isn't it amazing?! You're entered to win - did you include your ring size anywhere? If not just tweet us back w/ it please :)
Prof. Seberius - moderating panel on start up nation. Mentions 2012 Harvard trip to Israel as "life changing"
healthy sorry dont know what happened there x I had 3crisps,curry and chips, and 4mini rolls today sod healthy x
Its cool I'm on some other shit
About to take a long hot shower lata!
Dear Red Sox. Please don't trade anyone away. I love you all too much. You can trade the big Twizzler necklaces the pitchers wear, though.
Life is passing me by
Chemistry is going to be the death of me!
i love justin bieber
Sometimes happiness is a surprise transfer on your metrocard
- very sad and disturbing.
m que ricoo <U+263A> I love my tiaa <U+2665> :D
Following a bus. Looks like a tour bus. Who's in it? I want to look into it.
Oh wow. I can't help but take away the pink and hair and see a stubby-legged dachshund AT-AT. :)
Want to clarify, that is 30% LESS than avg natl salary, not 30% of.
UP WATCHING "HERCULES" (DON'T ASK)
Learned to fly Ripple's tops'l... Woo hoo
I suspect harbors a secret desire to be a rocket ship...
Romo's done for the year. Maybe this could actually help the Cowboys... too soon?
its really good
April fools!
its our obsession too!
When did side ponytails become a thing again? I saw two this morning.
Thanks Everyone 4 all the Shouts! Busy planning a Grad Party & not much #TwitterTime Hope ur day is Bright,Beautiful & filled w Music!
Afa Jr. pins Patriot I with a cross body block.
Awwweeee yeah, hello new pink laptop (;
yes I will throat punch you for not behaving yourself. That is all.
Give us something to believe in, haven't been to the SB in almost 20 years the are in their 2nd in 5. Frustrating..
hater. “: Lol, i'm happy that the cowboys lostt.”
Just flip a coin, and then drink alone.
I'm not going to jump to conclusions...I'm NOT going to jump to conclusions...nope.
What is it gonna take to get you guys to wish me happy birthday? Please. I am begging!
maybe. It can beat rim, sure, but it's not a leader
I swear, if Facebook changes their layout one more time, I’m going to post a status update about it and then use their site as much as alway
Catch game between Arsenal and Chelsea at Publika in Solaris Dutamas
Cupid, we have to talk about your aim...
We never really grow up, we just learn how to act in public.
Good Morning!
i miss you so much hav any new frds babe?
Lol! It seems to never....
Some one broke into my house last night, it looks like they didn't take anything and there isn't any damage, there are clothes every wher...
loved my fresh brew..lucky to have David on your team #Detroit! contact for cafe
Affordable housing, expenses at City Hall, livability & farmland protection are all big issues in
The reception for The Working Homeless starts at 6. Come and cheek out a multidiscipline discussion about the the social problem!
Oh the things one can do whilst hidden under rented academic regalia.
If only they had cell phones back then... #Madmen : You forgot something, Don.
I’m pretty sure the whole “ladies first” thing was created by a guy that just wanted to check out a girl's ass.
": PS I'm STILL laughing from seeing Bridesmaids two days ago." Gahh so funny - I got the first shift
Aww...really? How sweet.
lets go lakers
So glad to have you all! RT : Parc at #Piedmont residents went to French Bakery for lunch! Delicious!
today is good, along with my music choices
Back in Chi-Town for a 30 hour whirlwind
I'm bout to be mad as fuck
This time next year i will be in California! ;)
God mawnin everyone!
Kevin Durant is on fire!! And the Laker bandwagon is pissed
I GTL'ed today. What the....?
' his daddy house
"if you like pina colada, or getting caught in the rain..if your not into yoga then you have half a brain" </3.
I want some chinese food m now
at least its fixable :)
I won't, I LIVE HERE!!
Its about time the snow got here! my day is made :)
Favorite Primus track?
Just tapped, Interurban IPA (replaces Brewing Ruthless Rye IPA)
me too!
&' If them bishes hatin, it ain't none but a hair flip!
Just held a demo here in Austin showing recent dev work on our ETD management software. New embargo functionality will be in next release!
I felt bad for him after this episode
I know right lol
Thank you! RT : #FF for my Recent Follows
I don't care either, but I just keep thinking about all the $$ he spent on shoes.
Don't be disappointed when she says no.
Tempted to eat an apple. But, being in the audience of a conference, I am overly aware of how loud the crunching may be.
yea you good
i hope she dies
When she wakes up I will
": Where you at? Where you at? have a fantastic week!"RT: Thanks.... What's up sis?
4 hours and 200 mail messages later - the various mailboxes are back to a reasonable level.
Drinking problem? Bronson: "After this accident & seeing...how I've ruined ppl's lives, yes, absolutely. I will never drink another drop."
Nothing like rehearsal for 's with and the rest of the cast to lift one's dreary spirit!
Cannot get over Nancy Grace's use "tot mom" in her reporting of the #caseyanthony verdict. You're not a headline - use correct grammar!
Mayra let's go to CVS after school real quick to buy water or something?
Glad to hear you're sticking around!! Looking forward to seeing you healthy and tearing it up next season!
Perhaps if people could run out of lies.......then maybe they could start telling the truth.
Congrats- to Prince Fielder- MVP of the ALL STAR Game!!
