Just some questionable meat...guess I'll find out in an hour if it was good or not
Having absolutely no friends whatsoever sucks more than you know.
Instead of getting off at 6 i get off at 8 mo money
Still some time left to enjoy our Happy Hours from 3 - 6 m-f. $3 glass of house wine and $2 draft beer!!
Alright why is my boyfriend quacking when peopling are booing Dirk
hey I found your #1 fan all the way in Holland. He is one of the best Hair/MUA in all of Europe!!!
#hellya hop on the bandwagon buddy. We need all the fans we can get
She put that bottle to her head and pulled the trigger.
yes on friday i'm going to write an italian test and it's hard :/
loved it!!!
Prediction cont. #TeaParty up in arms with Romney. #Christie, #Ryan, #Rubio on VP shortlist to bring them on board. #Rubio gets the VP nod.
Thanks for the follow, I followed you back. Ever need help with publicity/promo/social media help, let me knjow.
my name is clever not clev
Archie to Alex may have been offensive play of the night.
Does anyone listen to the radio anymore? I mean to get your music fix...
TRS is delighted to welcome new client Faegre Baker Daniels LLP!
Smh why ppl b acting iffy ??
I'm leaving my house in a minute!
“: So excited to have here for class to night #college #leaderofleaders”
We to soft. When you get back put that fire in them boys. We need focus clear FOCUS!
Can't wait for the #JackInTheBox to open in Fishers!
I can't shake the feeling that for each sincere academic on Twitter, there is a and the two are actually the same person.
I've been looking at stuff online at Hot Topic to buy and so far I will have to pay $272.46 for all the stuff I want. Shiiiiiiiiiiiittt. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
CHOSEN W/ A PURPOSE...<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Won 3 tickets to with and , pumped to see
It is so hot. This is the strangest weather.
"WNYC: on Facebook since prohibition."
#BOYFRIENDReveiw I absolutely love boyfriend!! It's one of the best by far!!!! LOVE YOU!!
I don't have ANY problem with pot at all. But if you seriously believe that marijuana is COMPLETELY harmless, you're an idiot.
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth. ~Benjamin Disraeli
I'm not gay and I'm younger than you two and I know who she is. Gosh!
Where My lil Bro
#Imagine You're laying on Austin's chest while he is stroking your hair & singing "let me love you" <U+2665>
Congrats! on the
Chris Brown. Watch it in ff cuz it looks cool but he's still a giant douche.
Adrian Gonzalez is trending on twitter-- bout damn time.
Hearing SEO insights at MIMA MKE program ... Good stuff!
lets get dat head exploding lol.
BTW Thanks for the shout out on Nashvillest.com!! Be sure to let us know of you have any questions, anytime!
Lol idk even what I was thinking. I guess I was drunk to have that username
BAD that's the first day of bamboozle!!
Ha! Guess so. Or #lameobizbrag or
See our event pictures and press page! www.BuffettesShoeShine.com
seriously its been forever
Really likes qos
thanks for the shout out!!
happy Friday
yea I got you.. I'm usually partying down there every other weekend.
If and hopefully when win tonight game one of series vs. starts Sunday at 3:30pm can't wait.
Shout out to for telling the sub I was in class, saved me a jug.
Awesome slate of games . I see why all the national teams want to stay away from Htown....
Did you just "That's what she said!" me? Hehehe.
sometime over summer! Be patient, we are working as fast as we can to get it released
who do u consider the most dominate player ever?
RT : RT : Looking at your friend and saying, "I'll do it if you do it".
Having your book turned into a movie is like seeing your oxen turned into bouillon cubes. - John he Carri
Glad #Episodes is returning. Good show.
Its been two years, because I know how to keep my promises.
Just discovered I have a BASHFUL LIVER....He needs a couple of drinks to loosen up...so will the GOV. cover THAT ?
LoL we do have like 11 of them
ha! THAT is gonna make it on the show!
sign Saturday. Great pickup. Another QB on the field. This could be deadly. Go Pack!
#HappyBirthdayMadison(: I love you and I hope your day was amazing!!<3
Hope all u ar having a great day
A few yrs ago it looked lik someone cut the side of my face deep I didbt want to go outside take pictures go to school nothing..
OH OH .. The Sumit In Chicago. I Hope Ya'll Ignorant Mfs DONT DO No Dumb Shit
OMG EW I CAN'T EVEN!!! Hahahha love you <3 so much fun today!!! miss u so much bby <3 y u move ? :( haha tell jono I say hi! :)
Last day before vacation = lots to do
no more dole moments for the Queen City
hey dont jack my saying lol yea but you are really extremely good
South Fulton do we need divider on Camp Creek to prevent car accident deaths like family on Easter and Sandtown Teacher?
especially when your listening to Teddy .....
yes ma'am that's the one
Who's going to help this nice lady out? #patiowx RT : Who else needs a beer?
GOOD to know. RT : "Change your FB ad creative if your CTR falls <0.06% as FB will stop running your ad"
If you use Spotify be sure to search 'High Tide Reggae' and check out our music!
I want to go too the beach!!!!! It's so nice out
Just heard recording of talking about Bob Marley and what the music is really about. Nice!
Tip #123: Spend time studying what the greatest athletes do to prepare for competition. Do they visualize success? What exactly do they do?
I'm sure your beautious hair isn't gone lol
Day 2 of the Magnet Digital Summit...sharing best practices, exchanging ideas, & wrapping up a great meeting!
What do you mean?
the weather today in San Diego ,can anyone say Miami
for i start epping it, its a rumor i wanna clear up. some bum ass niqqa from purp game claimin i stole his song, i dropped adidas in 09,
When is Pile of Craft? Between you & , I want to buy ALL THE THINGS.
lucky you. Are you there producing?
There's nothing quite like blowing your nose on a Starbucks napkin.
Happy Friday to every one
but they round down!!
the question is: terrible for which part of our country? The super rich, or the rest of us? Romney hasn't forgotten, wants more.
Any Southern Cali bands down for a show July 10, 2010 w/ I, The Skyline... @ Cide Show Studios located in Los Angeles, CA. Message us.
Thanks again to for having me on and like usual making it fun, always an adventure but always a blast going on with him!
So I can't sleep plus.im bored this sucks so bad
I feel like deleting all my family off fb, I can't say shit without getting in trouble
This song is so cool u got a good sounD and i have ur album too u are back and selena is lucky. PLEASE FOLLOW :(!<>3
The best surprise is waking up next to the person you love=]
I'd like to think, they'll be old men doing this, but who knows. As much as I don't want it to define him, it already has!
To be at peace with ourselves we need to know ourselves.
Remember whatever you consistently think about and focus upon, you move toward. ....Get your mind right! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Get the hair did
well, they took my rings they took my
Thanks for coming out tonight #MLA. Hope you enjoyed the presentation. Stay secure Baltimore!
HA! Universal McCann as Activation Director for Johnson & Johnson :) start 4/23
is James on right now?? I saw you're two tweets. :)
San Antonio: Temps today will be above avg. high 88. It will turn much cooler tomorrow and Saturday. Today: M/sunny and very warm, high 88.
Hard Rock Cafe at 116 Pike. Come us upstairs!
would love this "pene" with a nice cream sauce! ;)
#itgrindsmygears when the internet goes down so i decide 2 put in a movie & as soon as it starts the internet comes back on!!
I haven't but I saw them on Yelp. It's just a far drive from uptown for a calorie-laden food I shouldn't be eating anyway! :)
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 2
i love you and all. But i just don't understand your tweets
#ABCin2012 RT Good to know is using two worst mayors in recent SD history for inspiration.
<U+2610> Single. <U+2610> Taken. <U+2611> Tired of getting hurt.”
Don't forget at Madfrog Thursday joining them will be my friends and partners in crime & #JuanCosby!
Peace on Earth. Please.
i always wanted to see if that would help
bored out of my mind at my bro's () chess tournament so far hes winning !!!!
great job:-)
is at Zanzibar Brews finishing his Psycholinguistics final.
My fios is fine.
so young. What year was that?
no matter what or where I was. I supported n was 100
Your icon is a poster on my wall! <U+2665> <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
haha me to! But I'm still confused... Lol I'll believe it when I see it :)
I've been dreaming of this show all day!
sounds like a kin of night!
Is getting ready for the Ort show on Sunday. Please stop by my booth and register to win a RIU vacation.
TONIGHT: KUAF Fulbright Summer Chamber Music Festival @ St. Paul's Episcopal Church, 7:30 p.m. The public is invited to attend.
It's Wednesday! You know what that means, $10 off all bottles of wine for
I know nuts...Van Pelt just mentioned it, but they are waiting on more confirmation...
Not really. I'll still pull for them in the AL, but haven't really been a "fan" since Pedro left.
In nat mood..finna make sum pop-corn then watch a scary movie on my laptop
Holiday shopping is done, but I'm still finding more stuff to buy and buying it. Now I'm over budget. Shucks.
": Ever just feel like you're in a bit of a funk?" No. I'm a winner.
#nowplaying John Coltrane "Blue Train." (In celebration of the 3 Great American Contributions: The Declaration, Skyscrapers, Jazz.)
Thurs 2/9 will be conducting a few fan interviews at 730pm w/ Col. Bruce for an upcoming DVD about #WSP WoodTour
i love all my followers
lol tell me where it happened and I'll tell you of you're right
#southpark always makes me smile. butters just shot a guy in the dick and they raped indiana jones.
Anyone have any idea how long it's supposed to take to find a computer file? Someone must've done research on this.
right?!:D && thankyoou(: im following yoou back too:b
Gsa's Katie Lewin: #Fedramp is not procurement, it's security.
Great column today. I guess my response to 58% is glass half-full: expected it would be more of them who would say that.
"See Friendship" is my favorite Facebook feature because I'm bad at stalking and I need help
Not a fan of apps trying to take over and self post junk. I already have no control over things as is!!!
Either way my hate4her would b worth whatever shit my reaction got me in2 lol & I'm not2good2really slaughter her,anymore.
You can do what's reasonable or you can decide what's possible.
worse, bankruptcy. Acct stole big $. Had no credit to start again. 20+ yrs later they are more successful than ever
I was going to buy one too, but didn't RT : Mega-million hit in Baltimore County...are you sharing with fav aunt?
RT : Any soccer fans out there?! Friday and Saturday of German Fest this year, there will be a soccer tournament in......
Ok contact us at contact(at)desirablemag.com with more info. Thanks for checking us out.
We are born into the world of nature; our second birth is into the world of spirit. -Bhagavad-gita
Really want to try this Orange Leaf place!!
going 2 get my m.r.i. today
oh my gosh that's great! congrats :)
Monitoring post will be coming out wednesday or thursday this week,the latest. Just making screen shots & the major bullet points
much appreciated!!!
Happy birthday!!! =]
Oh thank u (:
RIGHT ON BROTHA!!! LOVE YOU USO
no it's not. You're dumb.
SOMEONE NEED TO GET ME BLAZED....
I can't explain the amount of happiness and excitement I have right now! I'm finding it so hard to work!
living the dream and looking forward to a great race in Kansas! Hope you are having a great week.
Oh yea, they're running quite an operation over there nowadays. How did you feel about the school after graduating?
Don't talk to twitter....talk to me
high school or college?
im truly inlove
I want copies of either one if somebody has em.
is far too talented and stunning to only have 102 followers.
And as always: puzzled that writers can imagine a future where sexual object choice is unimportant, but where everyone is still monogamous.
11 picks for tomorrow! Get all 11 for $25! Great price for a great hot streak at 20-8. PayPal to
Kevin Cronin from REO Speedwagon turns 60 today. He creeps me out just a little bit.
Like you have to do what makes you happy cause in the end whos there? you.
Awesome day! Great class kickoff! Thanks to everyone that donated to the Japan relief efforts and got a great workout in the process.
NP. This is a harder than I thought. I often forget the small gestures that are no less kind than buying groceries
NEW SONGS ARE UP!
Very excited our Builder Exchange Event is getting great response! join us www.exchangeevents.com/builder
you coo too :))
Where she's gonna grow up, what school she's gonna go 2, her setup 4 college, her insurance, her health, her dental health...
dude what up?!
Attempting to bake vegan banana nut muffins tomorrow, anyone want the recipe?
so... We live here now ;) be on the lookout!!
Ever wondered who you'll be without the fat gut, the fast food, the fear and bad habits? The answer is: You will finally be you!
OK, BREAKING: Standard & Poor's has also downgraded the SDUSD credit rating to AA-minus. The outlook for the district is negative.
I was just thinking that!
they just mean the Adobe part ;)
Oh, what's up twitter?
I wish you knew :/
Wish #furthur was wrapping up fall tour at MSG instead of in #indy this monday... Last show before #NYE in SF is going to be epic
I thought the current issue was like that, but put a real gem at the very end: (3/4)
would do not sell any Illegal substances on our website. We do sell Pro-Hormones, yes, but no Illegal steroids!
pit stop for the nignt @ lebanon, indiana. We are safe. Good night, peeps!
My plan is to hit all the mini-states at some point, so I'd say go for both. So far all I have is Luxembourg.
dude, wait 'til the end of the season, we'll see. they got beaten by the bucks twice :)
Are you pinning away on ? We would love to follow you! RT with your name so we can pin away together! :)
If your not gonna fck with me I'm not fckin with you..
Well almost passed out in cooking... What fun.
Breaking News! I JUST SAW A DUCK. just thought i needed to put that out there
ThMrUKno: 666-mrk of the Beast n Revelation is ancnt numerology ID’s the bad guy, & meant Nero. 2Day it pts 2 ‘Cute Purple Dinosaur’-Barney!
And the nicotine from your room is starting to leave your lungs.
true, but if you didn't get FW in your Adobe bundle, Image Alpha is free. free is always nice..
check me out bro...we should do some pics with u in my pools. Hit me up...9724398003
The airport is one of my favorite locations. You're right on with Summerfest though.
Good morning! Music always seems to help me wake up!
Tonight on 10 on ABC5 Wellmark customers upset over rate increase and a homeless youth center loses major funding, plus your forecast!
plasm0desmata For me it's probably The Waiting Room or Oveime Is A Crime. Dan watoap
You stand with workers you cannot lose!
ATTN ALL FOLKS: Tonight's #dareproject development session canceled due to snow.
why wouldn't the rams trade the pick. Think of the team they could put around Bradford with the picks they get for RG3.
Hi Matt - congrats on the launch! I've been talking with Chris this week.
#musictomyears :) RT : I'll admit it ... I am craving something fierce!
& all in one presentation at
i cant believe i missed it! :(
Thanks for the recent listings Vicki! Looking forward to communicating on here!
baaahhaaa ewww. SO not worth it...
Sometimes all it takes to change your outlook is a fresh perspective from a dear friend.
Hell yeah, I'm going out tonight to see you even if it means going out alone
Tonight I'm into breaking up somebody's heart.
a promise is somethin i dont make if i cant keep it
Happy Friday Everyone!
Not in the mood for school
I want to see on Thursday so much! But I'm scared I'll feel like Angry Pregnant Old Lady at the concert.
Vash, do you ever plan on doing a playthrough on R.A.G.E ?
I’ve always felt it was not up to anyone else to make me give my best. -A. Olajuwon
Engagement is multifaceted involving sustained participation, narrative buy-in, critical reflection & heightened enjoyment
Really in the mood to eat a girl's face.
I made a record bowl yesterday. Tomorrow I'll give u the instructions on how to make it
Harpool: Online learning will continue to thrive because schools need online opportunities to show that they are innovative & current
And if you dont have a digital subscription, you get 15 articles free, but their sports section is almost too good not to subscribe.
Why pay all the overhead for establishing a best practice during easy times only to give it up when the going get's tough.
Hi, Tonie. So sorry - can we reschedule? An unexpected library instruction class came up. Next week? (Not Wed., though)
what's going on
To whom shall I go? John 6:68
Awwh I miss you too.
Sup Danny!
Your A Singer WHy You Acting And Your Super CUTE!
omg. yes. How about May 11th or 12th????? i wanna dance with strange old men...
#FlyMeToLondon so I can at least breathe the same air as my boyss xx
Nice to see you still up, so what's up?
HELLO 'burgh...yunz...goodness...haven't heard that in years:)
Nice! We take our Superman of #Truckload ! RT : If I had to pick a superpower,I'd pick the Hulk.
I need to clean my room and pack.
I'd love to see Chicago!
I'm still reppin' the Saints.
eclairs sound very good! what kind?
Good, but yikes? Psychopath?
the school year went by suppppeeerrr fastt.
Is wikipedia addiction communicable? I think I picked it up.
RT : Drink better this weekend w/ our 3rd Annual Battle of the Big Cabs tasting! Get the details
Special: 1 dozen wrapped roses $9.99 – buy one get one free – while supplies last! We're open 'til 5:30 p.m.
two finals today just happy tomorrow the last day;)
Woah, since when can you edit the transcription in Google Voice. That is handy!
Lies dont mess up the relationship's, hoes mess up the relationships!
On the Table: $1 oysters will be offered . Each week we will feature different oysters from both east and west coasts.
Shooting a gun causes
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience.-Elbert Hubbard
Noo way!!! Are they studio or solo beats?
I watched the game and Perkins did an admirable job late on Bynum. When Kobe got it cats stood around watching.
Do #SouthernHistory Archivists count?
Psalm10:17-18You hear O Lord, the desire of the afflicted..defendig the fatherless and the opressed, in order that man...may terrify no more
": Whoooooooppp!! We got 1! #IJustWantItAll" That's right...written for a rockstarr
A bit sad I am not at #cla12. The NPR librarian is the keynote speaker. I am jealous.
You lying !
all the things i've needed to do but have been procrastinating i will for sure do tomorrow.
At ALDS game in Arlington mid centerfield with Cody,Coach Alfred and his dad. Ballpark is packed
N.I. 09 - tip from David Murphy of Better World Books for social entrepreneurs: ensure that 'Mission Survives Exit!'
Thanks so much. <3 love you too!
We've been having a twitter withdrawal ,but enough about us ! Who pre-ordered #1Girl ?! We've joined the countdown with !
something is going down.
It will rain next Monday. (:
6am is way too early for a Friday call time. Just sayin'.
When your ex is so nice to you and still thinks yourr gunna get back together. :/
im gonna blow up your FONE !!!! kk? katy !! :D
Apple needs testers for the iPad with a built in camera. So logically, they've reached out to only my most obscure friends.
I'm going to CrossFit Sun in Poway. Loving it so far - you should definitely give it a try! Lots of places offer a free week too.
It would be nice if they would have confirmed the oil level with you. It is something that has worked well for our business.
Be on the look out for That Miami Fast Life Street Album...
Brer Rabbit — our greatest trickster hero, now swept under the rug. RT Name a Disney character you think deserves more credit.
Really? What's the link?!
new client in London for the opening of
RT : On with Michael Hagerty in a few minutes talking about the latest acquisition by 88.7 FM
dang! You're lucky you don't have to go to school lol
Vanessa Lunnon is performing in "Getting Out" by Marsha Norman this Friday August 21st at 8:00p.m. For tickets visit www.lyrichyperion.com.
I'm w/ u coach van gundy
Happy Friday David! Have a great day!
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a wish, not a hope, but a keen pulsating desire, which transcends everything.~ N. Hill
lol i don't understand why pp change their icon or BG after months .lol
SAY SOMETHIN IS PLAYING RIGHT NOW, HOLY FUCK.
"I can just see you saying, 'GET INSIDE ME, BOY!!!!'
Night Wayne sweet Thanksgiving dreams! Hope your hotel pillows are comfy :)
As online gaming improves, and mobile gaming explodes, we'll see much more than a price-war in the traditional games console market - watch.
About to go summer shopping finally... it finally got hot lol
I find that most men would rather have their bellies opened for five hundred dollars than have a tooth pulled for five.
Do you have a strict No-Cooking policy on Fridays? If so head down to Smashing Tomato! We have salads, pizzas, desserts and more!
*cough cough* quit blowing your smoke our way, minnesota! I'm closing up for the night.
Words of wisdom: The more summer clothes you buy, the less you have to bring down from the attic! via
Welcome to new partner whose partnership with Benjamin Banneker Academy focuses on career preparedness programs to students!
Good morning!
got them!
Have about 10 songs to pick from for an EP. Darkest Days
Post Script: Seven starters took the mound the final month of the season and went a combined 4-13 with a 7.15 ERA
see you on the field sunday lil homie
the interview! It went pretty good...
that's cyber bullying
Thanks! Hmm, yeah, does look kinda weird. But then I clicked on your pic with cute tiny mad Juniper: better than brittle!!
Why can't i be pretty ?
The magical world is a world of endless transformations w/ obscure causes. Nothing is forever when seen through magic spectacles.-S H Sharpe
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to success is more important than any other one thing. ~Abraham Lincoln
so this dude is really on the bus ( WITH ) <- A DAMN PERM IN IS HEAD !!!!
freezing cold right now!
I drove tonight. When does THAT happen? And when are you visiting!?
maybe you shouldn't be on them so much ;D
I have an ear ache and it's killing me. Owee.
I Don't Get Why It's Takes Some Of Friends Like An Hour To Text Back A Smiley Face -.- Lol
sorry, that was meant for original poster.
can Robert Sacre play in the NBA?
Starting to get used to life in the DC metro area. Now hopefully I can start finding some clients.
you just retweeted a fake account, I wonder whose nudes those actually are
“: Hey #Social46 - what's your favorite #Indy restaurant & why? wants to know.” Easy one to answer:
hey its me from FB!I love ur music&i wuld DIE if u followed me!btw u r soo CUTE!i wish i culd meet u but i live in hawaii:(
Alas, I can't follow it seems because he blocked me. I have no idea why. Don't care either. Was just surprised I wasn't following
JUST BECAUSE YOU OWN EQUIPMENT AND HAVE A COUPLE OF BUDDIES THAT LIKE TO JAM DOESN'T MEAN YOU SHOULD BE PLAYING OUT
“: “: why are you not verified??” I'm not famous” #humble but yea skydigg is celebrity status
them real words bruh
And whirled peas RT : Oklahoma City the only place in the world that boos World Peace
please tell me y not
Opening band for Old 97s is a jangly band in denim from Montreal. Ted does not approve. They have strobe lights.
Do work with my best bud d
Midlist is the bottom of the pile, all right.
I eat meat, but I don't eat it every day. Not for any particular reason, though. Hope you enjoy it.
#IWishYouKnew how i feel when you act like you don't care.
VST Instrument: Success with the refactoring! Pitch bend, modulation, portamento functional again after being busted by matrix work!
I did...Is something supposed to happen haha
Well done Tim #Tebow. The guy just knows how to win. Amazing.
I have never read so much shitty fiction as I have since getting an ereader.
Rooster gots all the luck -_-
Officially signed up for the mayor's cup 5k in germantown march 18th!!!
LOVE LA!!!! Lucky Girl!!
You could've at least written in a credible name. comes to mind -- even though he's a Dem.
YES!!!!!!!! I'll let you borrow it when I finish :D
I wish I was 18!
what up stranger
Tstorms blew in and forced us to delay and take cover in classrooms with no Internet reception
Being in this whorish town (New Orleans) I would have thought finding nylons with a seam down the back would have been easier.
Ahh, yes! I'm not sure yet, I asked her when they're available. :)
life doesnt hurt until,uve had time to think about how things have changed,who youve lost along the way,and how much of it was your fault:I
I am!!! My dad has a half season ticket plan we sit in sec 30 row 30. I'm sure I've seen ya before.
cant speak to CNN coverage. generally stay away. but one can't discuss the inequity of his tax rate w/o refer. to his wealth
Maybe Amazon wants to hire for children's reprints.
“: My Spanish skills improve under the influence of alcohol.”
FUNNY but TRUE!!!
I'm do sick I feel like I'm going to die D: someone talk to me please
lunch monday for key-giving-backsies?
how's that for a legacy huh?
can't wait to see #gangstersquad looks amazing
We're inextricably academically bonded. Trans+American Indians=4Lyfe
haha I'm soo happy :D I just got here and can smell the ocean water and what not <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I hope everyone is having a great and safe holiday season.
Another day, another rumor that the are up for sale. Only this time them and the must be annoyed.
Long eight hour shift at the part-time job today...Jesus give me strength!
I've seen that movie. With Niles from "Frasier". A friend recommended it to me earlier this year. Great, weird movie
There ya go Campana.
I get called weird a lot and always take it as compliment cuz everyone says Im a great person to hang with :D
What took me so long to get that #Ambition?!
If you aren't a robot after you score, you will get a technical foul. Tyson Chandler just found that out the hard way.
I dont understand Valentines day! I really dont but yet again im only 9 so yeah.
k gonna do it xo
Thanks to and others for calling a Tweetup tomorrow at 6:00pm at Belly up to the bar, mates!
I'm a beast with a golf club.
Brilliant piece of witing in today.
Also, hey, welcome to 's BootCamps! We're so excited to have you here! :)
#Stronger should be number one this week
Work for the fun of it, and the money will arrive some day. -Ronnie Milsap
So good! RT : #nom My first experience with Persian food is so far really good #thanksMSFT (with )
RIP Adam Yauch, MCA. We will always fight for our right to party in your honor.
So far so good, thx! I'll be on BioCh & DiscID in June. Waiting on Boardwalk Empire to call
so wheres fendi still in Hawaii
Excited abt opening on Mon! Stay tuned for my posting! RT!
oh it was good
Who wants to be our 225th #Twitter follower!? Please RT to help us reach our goal!!
don't wow me. I don't like going places in the middle of the night when I'm already tired
I got Oscars but I'm not an actor I got albums but I'm not a rapper
Thanks Joe!
so... ska today?
have a wonderful surprise for u! ;) promise.
so glad to have you!
you got it! Happy to help out, Give Camp is an excellent event!
MT : Follow for live-tweets from tomorrow morning's otter celebration! Adorable pics, otter trivia, and more!
RT : Your circumstances don't make you, they reveal you. How you respond to the life God offers you is what makes you. Deep
Love does not envy
That's my favorite show of all time, if you ever need somebody to geek out with!
ha lmao good luck with that lol ;)
BCMG red dress ???
no im from there and I live here now
hey hey
If you need to make excuses for not doing something, you didn't want it that much in the first place.
Every time I buy from Living Social or Groupon I have to go back in & remove myself from the email list. It's really annoying.
so tired
- yep. That was a decent 20-25 minutes of fame.
not with chocolate :P
Yes, I'm following your tweets, I'm majoring in English and am interested in your writing and screenplays. All the best to you
The meaning of "free" for Web applications
I Notice A Lot Of People Like Their Chicken Fried Hard (PAUSE)
When the desk in front of you doesn't have a basket underneath.
don't forget!! JOIN US tonight at Wicker Park 1469 3rd Ave (at 83rd St), fundraising event, CHEAP DRINK SPECIALS w/$5 donation at the door
I'm in a great mood today! It is kinda weird because today I've got a literature test. Oh well! #Awkward :p
Matthew 5:9 (KJV) 9.Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the children of God.
Whoa and she has a bf
Tebow......I'm speechless
What a great think to have to think about just before Christmas. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> stressed out
A-Town Veteran by #ColeHart is a five star rating on #Amazon. Find out why.#authors #Atlanta #ebook #Streetlit #UrbanFiction .
The commercial real estate education continues for ; maybe 2day will be the lucky day to find the best location for us!
“: Aura Nightclub is set to party with ! Will you be there?” CINCO DE DRINKO!!!
Happy Birthday , have a good one!
i had dibs! thats it we done.
RT : "A big man is one who makes us feel bigger when we are with him." -John C. Maxwell
But Cat Librarian would be the best job ever! Hard to get them to stay on the shelves, though.
Thanks for reading!
I hate group projects.
Patron wanted books on camp games.
totally informal. Some are more visual, do the Tumblr. I'm on twitter lots, so I do that. Many do facebook.
If you had problems tagging yourself in your Green Man photo, you'll be able to now. Go ahead and tag those photos!
where to?
yessiree! :) #yeee so tempted to go out there and jump on it and then just fall asleep!
man this is the best show I've seen
Thanks for the follow! Let us know if we can help with your peer review needs!
Cool org! RT : Chk this out NEED. www.foodforward.org. Addressing the need for food in/from our own backyards.
You blocked me on facebook, now you're going to die. (;
Creativity can be described as letting go of certainties
Seriously one of my favorite movies because of the music.
I did too
Capital One & WUSTL's Delta Sigma Pi are sponsoring a Trivia Night @ Duffy's 7:45pm CST tomorrow. $500 for winning teams!
“: I want to shoot Joffrey with a crossbow” twice
No problem.
Looking forward to an concert on May 30
I built my PC... I like the ease of being able to swap in new hardware. But a Mac laptop at a dell price? Perhaps...
Raised beds are in. just moved 5 tons of soil twice. Lettuce planted. Time for the 8 jet tub. Your salads are so local now.
Artlupie need to make more art and less lupie.
Time to start being proactive! Off to the gym...Gonna make this a daily thing not a weekly thing anymore!!
Glad you enjoyed it!
THANKS U ROCK GIRL!!!
yes it is
If I'm not too cool to meet your mom you're not too cool to follow me. See ya soon.
Most feel it is in the control of the man: BULLSHIT! Find out why before we are destroyed by our own government! Wake up dumbass!
good quote
My Mommy held me in her tummy for 5 months instead of 9 months, and for that I thank her. <3 I love you with all my <U+2764> Your my inspiration<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Someone asked what the purpose of education was. How to define that within the limits of a tweet? See my next tweet for my answer:
I don't want to go to school. I don't want to go to my choir concert. My throat is so sore from singing.
WE GOT THE HOUSE call me when you get a chance!
smile, its FRIDAY <3
WE DID IT!!! Thanks to ALL OF YOU, I have reached +30,000 fans!! Yayyy! You guys are amazing!! Thanks for your support! Love ya! <3
Getting so addicted to the APP Instagram... Like before I was addicted to my phone but now I am even more addicted... <3
All good!!
Two sweet words: "Satisfactory Lecture."
BE your SELF, Everyone else is already taken!
hahah thaks for the invite but im not flip :) howd it go?
COME TO TC :D
Hanging out at The Paper Box, bunch of bands practicing tonight.
yay!can you give hints on when the next chance is so i can plan ahead?gonna ask my whole family to help ^-^
aww y'all are so cute :) I have to meet Dylan at Teen Hoot in July this time ahh! :(
Guys, uhm. We love your Twilight fan fiction. But no matter how good it is, we can't publish it. No more, please.
the problem with going to godiva is making them last longer than the day i purchased them.
I want a tumble track at my house!!!!
Needs a nap after an incredible lunch at
good!!! Haha sweet dreams
I just learned that Alexander McQueen has died.. I hate when talented people pass...
swag swag swag
<U+200E>..sometimes i wish I had a stunt double
Hey, a pass travelled further than 10 yards. At least we know one of the QB's in this game is capable of throwing that far.
There's no hangover a Fiji water, a Xanny, & 2 arby jr's can't cure. O_o
do you see any chance of J.Crawford coming to Portland?
Movie quotes and lyrics still connecting us like constellations.
Development version is uncompressed and included all tests. Good for learning, CDNs & limited-control cases.
With the Cartojet and Cartoblast you can clean and fill any cartomizer for your electronic cigarette in seconds with no mess! nicapure.com
YEAH! See if Kevin is there tending bar. He's the best & he married me & !
the briber toy? LOL they make those?
Nighty night, keep your butthole tight
Can't wait for The Red Pill tonight. Really excited to see your space!
It's a bad-ass cover, that's for sure. What would your song be?
We got hacked! Our apologies for the spam
Its trippy mane
FTDNA 2010 tree is based on the YCC tree.
That was a beautiful rendition of the Golden Girls theme song.
Chili Chicks are almost to Nashville for CMA Fest. Come visit us at our meet n greet booth at the Hard Rock Stage Thurs, Fri & Sat.
why is it that the only place I end up being mayor of on #foursquare is where I work? Very sad.
Potential cover office band: Dark Side of the Cube.
I am in your debt. Have been hoping for an audience with the king for some time, written many requests, etc.
Janollari Reworks the Script at MTV
nutella, bread, cereal, and milk for breakfast since last week
Don't forget to ad GreenNote to your Facebook page! Help let your friends and family know what you want for graduation.
Yeah. I've been meaning to ask... When did we acquire this "Tribone" outlet? TriBone sounds like some cut of meat....
Thank you for following me, I will be doing the same.hope you had a good day
3 of 3) And we're passionate about people not only having fun together, but also in figuring out how to solve problems together.
On the phone with him (:
Will the drama ever end?
His existence irritates the Fuck out of me
Hope you will feel better soon.
What? Did I miss something!
Hospital with my sister
definitely. And haha aww. I would have been very happy to get a Pred. Now I want to keep looking for one lol.
Fear makes problems look and feel bigger, while actions cut them down to size until they are solved!
AdMuncie.com is new to the Tweet World.
youre younger than me, and you were born in 89 xD
Day 1 of the new diet and lots of writing to do today -- productive all round.
Scheduling classes for next year first period
what's on your tablet? you don't need MMOD do you?
Criticism of President Obama ad on BinLaden killing and Romney is way off base.what's good for the goose is good for the gander
: we need to start a shameless hussy roundtable for ALA. Then live stream our meetings on the web. ;-)
Are you remodeling or building a new home we have the products from sky lites, windows & doors. We have solutions for every budget.
“If people get these things and toss them, they won’t be eligible." Why not list the 200,000 owners on BOA's website. A letter?
Can't wait to watch your Episode! Good Luck!!
Thunder and lightning!! Loving this rainy weather..
And by me saying faggot, it has nothing to do with one's sexual preference, rather someone's bitching and complaining. Cheers.
Happy Winter Solstice
The Oddysey's Adventuristic Quest Music Video
RT : Anybody watching American Dad if they got married n 1996 the girl n college she only 16
I'll use to share my progress during the Nationwide Insurance Columbus Marathon on Oct. 16
I love how #HappyBirthdayKidrauhl is trending. Happy early Birthday Justin, Justins 18(:
Since YOU said so ;-)
Area schools without air conditioning need to pay special attention to potential heat index values pushing 95º+ Monday afternoon
Now that the Vanilla Raspberry Wheat is fermenting, does anyone have an idea of what I should try next? I need a session beer for summer.
I want them red deions and then Jason kidds
You're welcome! His name is Graham and I'll be sure to pass your hug along to him.
Ha! Sounds like a good time ^AP
help!!! do i take free polk headphones or free polk speakers for the wife's car? (which i have dubbed jetta world peace) decisions....
since you were calling devo c devoc i decided to change it.
The parents of two of three boys who were murdered in 1993 in the US have said they are "disappointed" that a documentary about the killing
Hmm, where have you been searching? Also, a round coffee table at 42" is HUGE. :) Presents a problem w/ cost of shipping.
Fill in the blank: I can't live without ____
Break it all, smash the past like it was made of glass.
remind me again y UR single??,!! Wow. Maybe I should make a beer run..2 Canada!
No Crysis 3 on Wii U - Crytek: Crytek director of creative development says fans shouldn't expect to play upcomin...
Wait, I thought she didn't list herself as a minority? They change the stories faster than we can read them!
wait, what happened?
Operation crib complete!
We're about to see the final three all dolled up! I can never believe how much more heinous they look off the island w/ makeup on
SAGA THIS FRIDAY NEW SPOT!!!! Vj Mystik
i think there's something wrong with me.
I'm sorry and im kinda sad :( ill talk to you tomorrow
Pittsburgh today for Highmark US Olympic planning session. Cool brand on the verge of doing big things in the space.
Play Poker, Give to Charity, Meet a Former Local Star Baseball Player - Tucson Weekly Play Poker, Give to Charity, Meet a Former Local St
hope to see you soon for sure!
Wild Thornberry episode clips at work >> takes me back to the simple days..
that's not true!
alright? You can come get them. I can't believe you are gonna do this
12 minutes of basketball, THE TIME IS NOW! .....Let's Go Mavs!
Please follow us so I can respond to your direct message! Thanks!
My bitch so fuckin' right Every night I fuck her twicee
we're so cool we're called the breeze brothers
not as good of a friend as you are youre my boy blue !
Suspect ass nigga
Bye Claire :'(
I just finished a 0.79 mi run with a pace of 18'47"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
Not feeling to good at all! ): drinking tea and going to sleep. Good night twitter! xo
Shhhh... Don't tell: foot massagers in the #edu2011 break area. I may never leave!
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>I've got a feeling, [you're] not the only one<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
depends on day/dissertation work :/ but that sounds like fun!
so mad under my list page your going ham with the tweets the whole page is you lmao ...you be sayin some sh*t to
Thanks - we'll try them!
You can't have a vision if you were never taught to see!
yay!!! hope you had some downtime to revive your soul!!! xoxo
Attn- need Model in Boston area for Thursday!
i bet. i was in buffalo was like that also
Preforming for the whole school today :/! I hope I don't mess up! Wish me all the luck in the world cause I'm S C A R E D :/!
I LOVE YOU LIKE A LOVE SONG BABY <3
Um, LifeWay run. Wink.
:) SO WHAT'S UP WIG YOU TODAY..WAT U GOT PLANNED
ya don't say?
I like those kinds of morning meetings! Plot away!!
RT : check out
no one lives forever, we will be remembered for what we do right now
>>>Kids doing the day of silence
Excited that is back on!
Subcat: People who do kettlebell swings with bad form.
ITS LIVE!!!! Checkout the new ReadPrint.com -- Over 8,000 online books by 3,500 famous authors at your fingertips!
I see nothing but fortune in that combination.
so im guess'n yo mama hop on yo asx & took the phone again
heyy can yu please follow and let her know i sent yu!
"A man who dares to waste on hour of time has not discovered the value of life." - Charles Darwin.
Sorry does not magically erase the wrong a person has done so don't just say it if you don't mean it.
Yayy one more day and ill be back at home ...
coolness. Thank you! do you guys promote mendeley to students? if so, free vers. or paid?
I'm thinking I'd like to be a flying squirrel ...I really like nuts & They never seem to make it across the roads safely!
Whhaattt? you weren't already following me?
I'm at the mall. I'm treating myself to a movie on my day off. I'm not telling which.
anyone know of ohio (columbus esp) contributors to the beat, post beat movement? d.a.levy comes to mind, but no one else.
DM me your email and I will send to you !! xo
“: I think its time for bed”great life.
DC: In the case of Michelle Rhee vs everybody, we find Rhee guilty of being a bitch and sentence her to pack her shit and get out!
Doing a tattoo study in the office today!!! I love the research part, new and improved tattoo removal!
I think I just nutted
Are you surprised Beckett is throwing 90-91 Mph? Obviously the results are good.
Everyone tries so hard to be an activist and to be a good person nowadays. Where are all the assholes at?
24hr College Hoop Marathon? And the Horns play today?? I'm just gonna go ahead and call this Tuesday off....
Do you need help or advice while looking for a new place to live?
People who forward e- mail without deleting the tons of previous recipients should be shot and then tarred and feathered.
Cant sleep...
Jenna was def talking 2 A!
powers that be did not like it as much as you did. :(
you going out to the reserve game tonight?
Will do. Oreo is on my desk now. hehe!
I just got back from running! Its so rejuvinating...hope u heal quickly!!!!
yeah, I liked it a lot. Not as funny as Tina Fey's but good. How's the little one cooking?
PayPal is probably your best bet. to accept CC's you need SSL etc, you'd need a full store. otherwise its insecure
dear cashier: there's sorta a reason why they call it the express lane
I am looking forward to coming & visiting your studios! :-)
don't scare me like that. I try to be a good Internet citizen
Oh Derrick Rose....
S/O to all my fellow Vets, We all still soldiers just the battlefield has changed for me.
Hanging out with my Buddy :)
I learned a secret from a catholic. All the whispers say, "shut your mouth."
Since launching we've helped half -million people access $1.5 billion in benefits & services,expanded into 4 new states
yes...we are working towards an additional possible lottery pick of or own that we didn't have to trade to get! So sad, its over.
Pretty sure my brother is the most ignorant person I know... But he must be #agoodboyfriend because she never goes away. :/
droppin another mixtape soon? WHO SAID FY NOT WORKING!?!
Probably with a koozie and some pretzels.
if Twilight was a political race I would have a lot more visitors to my site. Especially my target demographic of 12-15 yr old girls
This is what I get for stop talking to the best guy I have ever met!
Come check out the Wiley one and a life of science tonight at martini ranch it will be my last show in AZ for a long time!!!
Follow me please :))
yea :D
Thanks Lindsey! We're glad you like it.
Last day this offer will be available. $25 for One Month of Unlimited Tanning Services at U Tan. www.dealoria.com
The difference between agencies is the difference in their standards!
#AskBieber what's your restaurant to eat at??
i wonder how my bday gone b because if everything go like i want it to it has the potential2 b the best 1 ever
wanna go to the #brewers cubs game this Friday. I think I'm gonna buy tickets
The Mexican writer Carlos Fuentes has died. R.I.P.
I couldn't be anyone else if I tried! Love you.
My dad is so bad a** Doctor...Cowboy...Pilot. Couldn't ask for a more perfect father-in-law for Rickey today. Pray for rehab access for us.
You're not even worth the skin of my knuckleheads, junior
you're so kind! :)
Theres really nothing greater than being your own boss and working your own hours!
Now marathoning Misfits on Hulu. Great series.
....wow...is the Mrs. Is with child? A blessed #tribe#Congrats ;)
Pandas are black and white because they eat only Oreos. True story...
At the W like the redesign
I live in LA, but a canuck indeed, born in Montreal.
#Miami here I come.
Thanks for the mention, appreciate your support of a Twitter newie
But I fucked that food up at her house lol
Grapes are my favorite fruit. They are so delicious!
Hi, I wrote that post/headline. It wasn't supposed to be link-baity at all. That was the ruling, and how other outlets reported it.
yes, I'll be there. See you tomorrow.
you know you're a city reporter when publication time stretches well past midnight. Nice work at council mtg.
Getting ready to sample some beer Nugget, Java, Scratch 59 and 60!
Shopping @ #Paradise Valley Mall? Mention this tweet to receive 20% off jewelry repair service!
good luck Jackson!
I (usually) disagree. If you want it, usually you aren't so niche that no one else does.
#HERESTOALL I always look behind the shower curtain before I go pee...you know, incase there is a murderer...
i need some guns &a third world latin american country.
gets #Grimm with actor #ReggieLee - better known as #SgtWu on the Portland-based show. What's it like battling those #Blutbads?
This issue of has been the best to work on! Thanks to everyone involved, and a huge thanks to our team, amazing!
i know and care nothing for football. but, from what i surmise:
The meetings should have been held on the bus ride this morning?
hey, Jay R sent you a gchat invite, did you see it?
You look like a grown woman but think like a high school girl. Grow the fuck up and get over your emotions. I can't stand crybabies
Preparing to start strategic planning meeting for FDLC.
I can only hope the #Ravens can pull off a win tomorrow like #Michigan did tonight.
Thank you for the support Victoria: RT : Just became a member of the So excited!!
Yeah thats true.So how r u
cleaned around the house all day. I'm very pleased with myself =]
Time is running out to win 1 of 5 books in our giveaway today. Winners announced 27th Mar 2012. Your last chance to RT, visit...
RT : Thanks! ": very impressed w/ players. They worked hard & had great energy. Beck Center is 1st CLASS"
Demi is my inspiration. <U+263A> her BIG SMILE made me STRONGER! :D
Can my account be reset some how? maybe that will fix the problem. but would I lose all my history if that is done?
Along the Korean DMZ, the talk is of looming danger - but the feel is more tourist trap
I can't tell if Emily Wells reminds me of Regina Spektor or Lily Allen or just something better
I wish I had a Mr. Wizard. He'd say, "drizzle, drazzle, drozzle, drome, time for this one to come home" and it would all be better.
Do people use the word "honky" anymore?
life as currency. considering the exchange rate.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. -Eleanor Roosevelt
#4C12 is coming to a close. Thanks to all that stopped by our booth! We had a blast!
I need new followers to wake up to in the morning
Foolow me ? Kisses<U+2665>
It's like an egg white omelette with some tartar sauce on top.
My bad
that awkward moment when your english teacher makes a spelling/grammar error, you correct them, & they give you detention for it..
Connect with us in Cyberland! It's got the e-mail on it!
umm oovoo sometimes does work on Macs-_- try going to your finder and opening the program and you should be ok. Get Skype!
#FF be sure to follow:
thanks for your notes of support. It's all about building a community of progresses. U do so much for SD!
Man staying up late every night been having me wake up mid afternoon smh
knock em dead chick
I'm over-rested.
Imma just keep this fishtail in til friday..cuz I don't know how to do another one..lol
what day ? Hahha
Las Vegas Baby :D
Last day of filming in San Diego for
you're very sweet and you're welcome. hope your event was a huge success!
"I just met a girl named Maria"....
Nokia has applied for a patent for vibrating magnetic tattoos to notify users of calls and texts.
is stoked about an awesome meeting I had this morning... and the coffee... that adds to my stokedness
Thank you so much for your donation and your love and support! And for being pretty goddam radical!!!
Finished the week with 43.5 miles. 514 miles so far in 2012.
congrats, that's awesome! Definite perk of the job :)
Logged into the #ebooksummit "watching" the crowds.... Hope you can make my Ebooks and the Library User Experience panel at 3
#Youknowshestheone if she sings with you in public
#Pennsylvania - save for Pittsburgh & Philly UGH! Very conservative, backwards and SCARY I'll take high taxes NY any day.
But man, despite his riches, does not endure; he is like the beasts that perish. Psalm 49:12
Pretty sure they're open today, closed on Monday. At least, the Sq. Hill one is - I assume they're all the same...
yahoo! nice evening :)).
great looking forward to it.
Got to love the entertainment business :D
yeah....I just don't trust the pitching to hold up
included in macquery's settlement. Not telling you to shut your mouth
THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO DOUBT ABOUT IT..YOU ARE THE BEST ANNOUNCER IN SPORTS *EVER*. 'off like a prom dress' Haa, love it man!
regardless how much $$ on advertising, or biz markie as a spokesman and snoop dogg music on the commercial. Sun drop tastes like crap.
On to 1x04 of #GameOfThrones. I think Viserys just got lucky by being a super-nerd by reciting a lot of dragons' names.
Dj powered the mix : did you mix that?!
This Lady Gaga interview on OWN is quite interesting.
I'm like in tears right now.(: ur so sweet to ur mom(: I love you Justin(: <3 #BeliebersLovePattieMallette #TurnToYou <3
My Rican abuelo said he was watching my people, , on tv! Lol. Ever since I moved to LA all Mexican's are my ppl! Basta ya!
Epilepsy Update underway. Dr. David Treiman from Barrow Neurological Institute speaking now on SUDEP
uhh that was yesterday & yeah!
It's a beautiful Friday lets party :) <U+E056><U+E414><U+E105><U+E409> <U+E327><U+E328>
I will one day <3 But at least I still have the pier in San Diego!
Have a great day! #FF RT :
TV Casualty.
Yes I, Selassie I know, BIG UP all the FARMER MAN worldwide on 420
shopping trip when you get your big paycheck?
IF only turning my back could be so much easier with you..
followed!(: x
Your welcome man! I'm just trying to reach out to a lot of people to help support me in my racing career! God Bless!
I don't waste my time impressin people, I ain't gotta prove nothin to you .
I wanna know whos ready for that ft husband or wife REMIX video shout out to #FWM #CoKeboys haters and supporters ya
If there is anyone near Jackson field near CCA can you tell me if the lights are on? Is there a game there? (across from Thee Parkside)
The Igloo would have been proud of us all tonight. It's spirit finally lives on, in our new home.
He was, but it looks like his sister already answered that for him!
Now hiring in Pittsburgh for Customer Service. 412-645-6001 www.trgcs.com/joinus.html
Who knew #directing a music video would be part of an SLP's work? It's a form of communication, just through the lens of the camera!
My breakfast consisted of a popsicle, jack in the box chicken nuggets, and gum :)
I thought you'd like this, ": The Marines: You'll have no greater friend, or no worse an enemy."
I dont mine doing nice things for a hard working women that deserve it.but u all u do is sit on ur ass
In San Diego? Get to right now! Stepping Feet rocking it - crazy busy! Show tweet 4 no cover!
Where will you be located? Check out www.themissionlasvegas.com for a potential second location in the future.
Pike Brewing Kiltlifter is good stuff.
In The Kitchen Cookin
yeah buddy!
Since you never hand off with the ball two inches from the ground, that wasn't much of a fake.
He doesn't quite get it yet, but soon he will. Thanks again!
That is #Truth Scott ... Hope you are well ... Warmly, Jeris
Girl your voice was amazing last night with ! So glad he introduced us to you and your talent! So beautiful!
Thanks for all your help with the show tonight!
J. Sotomayor notes there is significant legislative history against #SB1070 s work provision.
The big difference is that Art is more of an independent really. Def not a Dem, he got all his sigs on his own.
HEY, you there
Middlesex. I probably could have gotten through it faster but I never wanted it to end, so I savored it for awhile.
Any fool can make a baby, But only a real man can raise his children.
Why would anyone willingly waterboard themselves with a Nettie pot?
Had a wonderful time just driving the car. Feels so good!
Thanks for the follow. now donating $60 dollars!!! Five more followers for five more dollars to the stride for the cure!!!
What's your email? I'll follow up that way...
Poised Creation is considering moving into the entertainment business!
Start making electoral decisions based on policy rather than religion?
post a pic already! i've been waiting all day! its nearly 6pm here! hehe
“: what r u up to? smile.” weird how this made me smile..
Chocolate ice cream and onion milk shakes at all your local Zaxby's
Guy riding a bike on stilts. Monday you came through, thanks!
hahahah good idea
We are open normal business hours today!
We now have over 80 - 5 star reviews, and none that aren't! We are customer service driven.
thanks Steve!
Mormon movie star Greg Fellows and Professional Seducer Gareth Jones host a live show! started: Tue, 00:16 PST
RT : TURQUOISE BITS AND BAUBLES: I've grown up with a mother whose jewelry box was always filled with turquoise baubl......
lol shut up!
just take a nap in the gym... Two birds, one stone
Can someone tell me what's going on at the Apple event? I care about that much more than the chunky man, er, Governor dominating cable TV
The only way for three people to keep a secret is if two of them are dead. -- Benjamin Franklin, O.G.
Who did they play besides an overrated Notre Dame and a Cincy team coming off a 2 OT win that has been up and down all year.
Okay..I was just joking. :D Kailynn has such great mommies!!
LOVE IT!! It's a lot of fun and I love the people I work with. Have you been traveling much lately?
I want dimple piercings like no other. Oh, and my nose stud. UGH.
followed :D follow back?
good luck! Midterm season is here!
": yeeee! I feel you, hit that hoe" david shut up!
indiana dryvit contractors, indiana eifs contractors , indiana stucco contractors, indiana dryvit repair, indiana eifs repair, indiana
#WiseWordsToLiveBy Cholesterol may mean that no eating contest goes unpunished but not that you're any less AWESOME if u win
clueless? we need em here in Columbus, you see the "zimmerman" tag on OSU campus?
before i give a really good deal to a random craigslister, anybody want to buy my pearl set for 450? -Anthony
does it count as most expensive if it doesn't sell? if so, then to set record why not make it $1M?
Monsters of the Midway are back. 2 TAINTs on Stafford, vicious hits, great day to be a #Bears fan.
People always tripping on the ramp leading down into C building.
This is why I wish I were.
np , love u more <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093> but now i am really sorry i've to go :(
The eve of christmas eve
that dude's a monster.
Finally got in to twitter again
United Will Lose Money, so Buy the Stock
If you keep lookin in the rear view mirror you'll eventually get in a reck.
for making roast beef political. At least you're pulling your ads from too, right? No? Siri, where's the closest Sonic?
yes that was my gr and mom i was like that hurt
I got Atlanta thinking they seeing ghost.. once again I'm lurking the city wat it do fool
I always get mine from EBAY. Just watch the sellers ratings. Never had a problem an they can be had cheap.
TONIGHT here @ library...Bill Black will describe how 2011 Pages & Places Book Festival contributes to Scranton as a Learning City.
GBMAA Elite,new Clash of the Titans Champions Was an honour competing with the boys again
Thanks for stealing my best friend.
Broken screen on my phone! Ugh!
yes, the eyebrow brow at Chandler Mall
The world rarely sees someone who has had the profound impact he had, the effects of which will be felt for many generations to come. -Gates
writing tonight. studio tomorow. got a busy weekend ahead of me
Traitor?? No comprendo.
If you put a space, the hashtag doesn't work.
Looking forward to it!
Wtf why do guys think they got game bwahaha, get ta steppin bro, im spoken fir ya caint touch this!
Going to skool that is totally boring
This might be my favorite thing ever.
Love it! I need my Connie Britton fix every week. Dani and I both have a huge crush on her.
I Love How Lil' Wayne Came Just To Do 'The Motto' Twice(:
That would bring so many nerds to Vegas that would never have even been motivated to go to Vegas before.
moms comin back home in a min & i havent done nothin she asked me to do ...uh oh...
sorry was having tech difficulties :)
Firefighter hurt while battling blaze that destroyed home - WIS
Let Me Put Sme Clothes On I been Sittin In Dis Towel For Da Last Hr !
Living in dreams of yesterday, we find ourselves still dreaming of impossible future conquests
Man niggas kill me with this money ain't shit I got it I'm that nigga shit man plz
oh... Are you a former Canucks fan too?
Hell yeah! RT My merch came in today!
working a new in flames cover video....should be up real soon!! -Ed
congrats on not falling once! yayayayay! :-) haha
Ups stores always smell like pizza
I am planning on writing a Laurie Notaro-esque creative non-fiction memoir/collection of short stories.
are you camping out? X
haha - indeed! This is what happens when you let developers talk to people
You guys planning online orders for those of us impatient or too poor to travel to Vegas or CA?
Adlai E. Jr. Stevenson~ Man does not live by words alone despite the fact that sometimes he has to eat them.
oh i just i like to rebel against the person on the other side of my mention loll
Canadians Join Nashvillians For Flood Relief - File: /data/app/webapp/functions.php<br />Line: 7<br />Message: Can
lol yes cases of it! I'll be sure to what kind of Pinot grigio, too!
I'll have another : Drinking mint juleps or margaritas today? Both good options! Happy Derby Day & Cinco de Mayo!!
Where do you post your fic? Could I have a link?(; Fic for a fic?(:
I went and did it...50 years later
Come to any GRIND and help support Make A Wish Foundation stating Nov 07 to Nov 11.
Not pink slime but, "...lean finely textured beef." Right....
"A #war against #terrorism is more like a war against poverty, or a war on drugs. We know how THOSE 2 wars turned out." - 9pm 89.3
Are you excited to come back to San Diego on June 13th For the Del Mar Fair :D I'm excited <3
When you can't have something, you just want it more.
cant wait to see my crew
Here's something you don't want to give your audience/market: too much freedom. It's overwhelming & not engaging.
4 days later I'm running an hour late cause I didn't set the clock in the bathroom. #dst noone will believe me.
alkaline trio makes me happy
Beautiful work as always, WindBlower!
Thanks for including us in your GIS companies Daily!
RT : Thanks for following and Happy Friday to you!
RT If you want to be Niall's princess.
ok i thought u and adam ran away i was worried i txted u
Thanks for the follow Heidi! I'll be back in Indy soon - hope to see you!
Strong standards are great.What's next to increase transportation choices so ppl have to buy less gas?
2nd hand diamonds are the answer to responsible mining. More than enough already out there
Gravedigger when you dig my grave could you make it shallow so that I can feel the rain.
omfg that was amazing!
Your Welcome!
If I had a nickel for every time AT&T dropped a call, I could afford a Verizon bill.
Problem solved! ;)
Would you be available next Weds night for an appearance on the F*BALL Podcast?
I'm so gangster I'm so thug, you're the only one I'm dreaming of
I'm in! Kind of want to see the Women Silversmith exhibit too.
thank you
Best nap ever, very needed and deserved. But I missed lab -_-
Woke from a very distinct dream in which I got in the car and was elated to see that the gas tank was full.
Tip: Don't sneeze or cough in your hands. I guarantee you'll touch something or someone w/o realizing you're passing germs right after.
Gr8 2 read #ePrdctn hour--Q: how much time is spent guiding client thru platform decision? Or do they come 2U knowing what they want?
#occupyla labor committee is having a press conference at 4:30 Monday, south steps city hall.
you pay for clean water.
The VJ era is FINALLY over!
chocolate milk makes me happy. <U+2665>
why do you say that?
can I get a refill of dat #TriggaKush please <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Cool thanks...thinking about getting one...not sure if I want the 3G with it
#Actors - career at a standstill post pilot season? Get ACTive in the summer by using Actsophia to find a class, seminar or new casting!
Planning to attend CDM Eastern Mtg. Hope to see you there.
pretty sure you could've told me the day I came over.
thanks, glad more people can appreciate it! :)
I see FP's global thinking hangs well to the right!
this girl went out with jonathan i guess
hope you only need one
the yanks did work tonight boston who?? lol bout to do some work on the website. its lookin amazing. How bout them cowboys tonight??
The all-new Lincoln MKX is also the first vehicle to ever be equipped with the new MyLincoln interfacing system
I am in a self loathing mood right now. Grrrrrr.
fair bet that the milky way is the most immoral/lawless galaxy though
I cant stand Tami big ugly bully ass!
Auto Response: Thanks for your message, please contact us Toll Free 1.800.540.6197 email: http://
I still Got it for Ya
You should let her know, she's !
thanks, i'l definitely have a look. Do you use this app much?
Back to Business.
Steve Madden? i need dressy, silver/gray flat shoes ASAP. anyone have any good suggestions?
is chillin' after a day of shooting the cover story for the October issue of Instinct Mag.
ill have 40 before the days is over!
Sometimes it's hard managing family time n a career but if u love something there's always sacrifices to be made.R u man enough to make them
“: When an #Aquarius commits, they commit for life”
College Internships this Summer # NYC# when to start the process? Now!
U guys rock
Band is starting come see!!!
shh, I want pity!
Hey DKNY, no animal should die for fashion. Fur is dead! Promoting vegan fashion is all the rage. Do you really enjoy wearing meat?
have the perfect item for you. A parking ticket which tells it like it is. I am sure you have seen it before?
I am, shoot me an email at about your idea.
I doubt will ever notcie me, but im crying right now because i dont have a ride to go 2 hours away 2see him in WI. ILOVEYOU 3
Sometimes the strongest people in the morning, are the ones that cry themselves to sleep at night.
Louise antm British invasion
what are you doing on twitter at work??
I have purchased a hookah.
Umm... MT the fact that thirteen people can still frighten a massive company like Facebook says a lot about our industry.
Let the music take you away!!!
I don't get my girl take all the time to put on make up and dress up.. I'm satisfied with sweats and a hoodie(:
The funeral will not be televised, RIP GSH.
": Obama's last #SOTU has concluded. Awaiting Republican response by "<----You def. think his "LAST?" :)
Going the extra mile for our customers is common practice.. Let us show you how customer service should be. Call us on 0844 880 2010
Still wondering about academic shibboleths (words whose pronunciation marks you as "in" or "out"). What were yours?
People will do some irritating shit to get ahead oh a person with a cane
: I do answer Qs from public while live-tweeting. Have to be careful not to express opinion in responding.
So I got to memories 20 pages in 5 min aw what they do give it to me 1 day before fucking dump assess no saying names # I need money
Hey Apl, how are you? :D reply please!!
I'm told that there is much discontent among the masses in Mexico. Porfirio Diaz, by the aid of the soldiery, keeps the people subservient.
This is me not tweeting. Nah nah nah nah nah.
You gotta support those who support you, that's a support system
My Book of Mormon challenge with my daughter is going strong. She is still ahead of me but I will catch up. #34VersesPerDay is awesome!
"You forgot this..coolio." "Word G-Money." She's the Man is my favorite movie ever. <3
U gettin bigger and bigger lls
Happy 19th Birthday Darnell I wish you many more to come and I pray your day is filled with blessings
We've been a bit MIA recently. (Busy building the new site, which should be live soon!) What's new in the #photography Twitter world?
#FF Baltimore's second pick of the night, Kelechi Osemele!!
the_sand recruit me bitch!!
hard work paid off!! Very well deserving of a celebration! #zagalums!
I'm too sexy for #Twitter? Oh no!
US Open finals and WCOOP 23. Rafa hasn't lost a set all tourney but Novak played amazing to beat Fed. Predicting Rafa wins career GS in 5.
(c) and by that i mean she would pretend shes stupid and has no idea what i am talking about and blame something on me D:
take a photo of Oktoberfest and upload to - be compensated :)
IKEA Duvet Covers - duvet covers ikea
A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song.--Maya Angelou
#ThrowbackThursdays going down the kent every Friday for family fun night then going to 's house to watch Third Watch.
got it hooked in contacts.
You posted a French song on the blog in a post abt Paris..can't find it. Help
ok the Ronald Mcdonald clown always scares me but i believe McDonalds should keep him
I am in <3 with my down time. ;)
How do you feel about Rom Coms, and let us know about your first dates, and long term relationships!!
. Yeah hes got em in gladiator movie
Trying to upgrade phones, ugh!
#NewRulesofCivility 75. Do not critique others’ meal choices.
to appear on MPTV's "4th Street Forum" Friday. Topic: Stellar Health Care: is it Possible?"
If only my cat could go get me Sudafed and coconut water.
Good morning Albuquerque let's get printing!
Hey lovely Lola. What's new with you? All is well in SF.
It's #ClevelandPark patio madness! Catch rays at Ardeo & 4Ps !
that sounds like an absolute blast!!
Trivia Tuesday! how many states allow recall elections??
So psyched for NAB. Can't wait to check out all the cool stuff in person.
thank you very much for the #ff mention. We really like what you're doing as well!
fosho my boy is supposed to set up a meeting
what year can i take that?
LOVING THE DENVER WEATHER!
Im starting to understand what Rock Stars feel like on tour..4th hotel in 6 nights...where the hell am I?
#poppinoff at tonight!
Early morning workout with then photo shoot with and
Jake Scott issues a #MedEd call to action. Med schools are now setup to reject imagination. Change it to unleash creativity.
If only you could see
This girls feet are super huge ....
No, complete shock RT : Never would I have thought that he'd be gone so soon. I don't think any of us were ready to hear that.
Spilled a full #flyingdog @ #camdenyards. Very bummed
Just got a damn ticket in pops slow ass safari jeep,couldn't get away if I tried
Merry Christmas to you and your family.
hahahahaha. That'd be crazy sh*t.
glad to help.
the moment you realize you want to be succesful just so you have enough money to buy all the shoes you want...
Just might have to do that... Someone mentioned Caesars was booked solid this week, must be why.
I been busy
For 6th season show the real GG. Let's see the show through her eyes & stop yo-yo-ing characters into unrealistic relationships
Camera Fun Time. Direct your subject to center stage, to stick out chest & both arms, & stop traffic... with authority! Shoot it on 1 knee.
Anarchy UK: Arab springs into hot Brixton summer. www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/law-and-order/8630533/Riots-the-underclass-lashes-out.html
hard rock on tulsa is nice.
YOU'RE SO BAIN
Random: it hurt more when my ex texted a girl "good nite baby" than it did when he decided he wanted to "see other ppl"
yes. I appreciate that even when you are off work u take the time to sit amongst actors and hear their stories.
Yum! Though I've never learned to embrace grits even though my dad ate them every day growing up. Happy mom's day!
Mend the first break. Kill the first snake. And conquer everything you undertake.
Getting bored with #ncaafinals? Make new plans quickly with
Love unique approach of Next Exit History. Recommend checking out free iphone/ipad app w/ similar idea + gaming elements
now that is a way to start off game
sad but true..but here in Northern va there's a GYM and a starbucks on every corner
Not feelin to good today
"Say what you will about Starbucks, but I like having a place to go where I can be certain I'm not the most pretentious person in the room"
thanks stilt, I didn't land that. How u ballin these days? Gettin buckets? Dimes? Cookies? Back picks?
Breasts are heavy. I want to be a B cup.
Although, on score of including non-elites, is DNB much better, proportionally?
Yes. I need bonding time with my gay boy.
Have friend staying with me as she finishes her dissertation. I'm a good buddy to have, as someone approaches the finish line.
Just waiting on decks from , , and one other non-twitter person now. I need them NOW, people.
Some ppl really get on my nerves ...
1 more week until Easter!
Which author will be the best bartender? That's the real question to address.
An SSD it is then!
But how do you find the blogs for the list? There are so many topics one could be interested in.
unfortunately no :-(, but we do offer take out
Ouch. But I like where you're head's at.
Thanks for the tweet!
Buyer beware, needs to do a little digging on the companies they promote (REF: Seabreeze Air duct cleaning)
I enjoyed the convo earlier and happy to help!
Everybody don't forget its break dress code day! Wear anything and everything that breaks dress code.
get ready to be floored by this remix from the late 80's im workin on!
don't worry Federer you are still my second favorite tennis player.
A week later...sorry I'm such a twit.
What's up random people? Gimme some words.
Hard to not smile watching these badd boys!
Yes, Devil's Due. Closing in on the midpoint.
Got the keys to my very own place son
#FF because i would spend money on party rocking tonight when i come and see him!xD
i dig that, so where the real fans at?? standup
AH still get excited like its the first time (:
I think we're the only lame country fans in this town who didn't go. and me out of all people? oh the irony.
its a new dawn, its a new day, its a new life, and im feelin good.
The 'very important' news doesn't go on B2. But this was more interesting than some stories that *do* go on B2.
Im never gonna eat 7 eleven taquitos again Never!
If I can make it there, I'll make it big anywhere.
: Hi Matt,I'm fine thank you
CEO Kathleen Feely "We have to organize our technology so that we don't need to duplicate work."
Terrible experience today, 25 minutes to make 4 sandwiches? The half hearted "Sorry for the wait" didn't begin to cover it...
Argh, I gotta bug someone about that.
#funfactaboutme im ocd about making good grades. 90's and 91's piss me off.
May the odds be ever in your favor!
A good friend lets you crash on his couch even tho u called am drunk and a mess.
But my coworkers keep blowing up my phone so that means they need me at work -_-
Follow Back
If Rhymes comes to plate again and Cats leading, they have to walk him.. Keep us updated
RT The correct way to exercise each body part for maximum benefit.
What he said RT : Y'all need to be following her --> RT : For the sake of MY future, you're going to vote for Mitt Romney
Just curious, what is everyone's favorite blogs?
Working on a blog makeover! And a fabulous new post sometime this weekend :)
Carry me home tonight
If there's anybody who deserves good things it's you. You earned it, Cheryl.
#2011icf Even the best elements cannot succeed in a toxic environment (people, fish...) • NASA Session
me too imma hit the sheets night #SafeSexWednesday and #StandGrand(:
Waiting For Damon and Elena
watching freaky friday
"LORD, our Lord, how majestic is your name in all the earth!" -Psalm 8:1
Who's gonna be on my tram? RT Trivia tonight with ! 7:30p
thats awesome :) from where??
#DASER Rothenberg "is there a way in which abstract art will help us see nature in a new way?"
My comment re wrongful convictions was intended as a message to Teresab327. The work of angels, I call it.
Too bad they can't all be awesome like me. RT “: Some of my followers are retarded”
RT: A #Virgo may trust you but that doesnt stop them from having a plan b.
Hahaha! I said it'll be simple! Not that you'd be comfortable! xD
It's about time we remind the Pirates of their place in the division
What we want all art books to do, thanks! MT I see with new eyes after reading her letters & Vigderman's book
O, cynical you! /
What would the world be without classical music? Really? I ask you.
But, what a privilege to protect your violinist's violin!
Need a free reusable bag? Follow for today's giveaway locations!
For how many yards loss? RT : Sky sources: Liverpool have sacked Kenny Dalglish. More to follow.
What's going on big guy? Im going to need that autograph soon. u've moved up since gymnastics class Haha.
Out for lunch
will be giving away FREE Wired Waffles tomorrow 5-16 7am - 8am outside of the Student parking lot on North Broadway. Get Wired!
sounds good to me!! And as you know uniforms need options!!!
bringing some energy and love to the show - Go Tyler! I told you to be witty :p
hahaha That's fun! I hope I can join next time they are on!
Goodnight! Sweet dreams<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Just saw a girl wearing a a green and white zebra pencil skirt with and sweatshirt and Nike socks and slides..
swing and a miss
“: #Thebestthingtoever to ever happen to #Cancer Sams Club and Costco (being Fair) they love to stock” yes I do
grover cleveland
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
I want boba.
Lactose Intolerance: Commonly Misundlerstood! Understand the difference between intolerance and allergy. Helpful resource...
Verizon is a rip-off
About to lay it down...
I look deep into my soul and ask: should I or should I not watch Rain Man? www.thehighlights.blogspot.com
To the guy in line at Red Mill Burger on the cell phone, we all hate you.
Good morning! Time for #NBIAConference day number 2!
Happy Mothers Day Genie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Nice can you keep me updated tomorrow??
We can help you with your logo. What sort of design were you looking for?
Lol. Just blowin some steam thru vented words. Im Lowkey pissed bout some shit but thinkin of a grown way 2 handle my situation
everyone is a HappyCamper here! Sucks.
Starting my fourth week freelancing at Sagon-Phior. Great project and great people. Spring semester is over at SC.
Stuck in reverse.
Determination is the wakeup call to the human will- Anthony Robbins #quote #inthegame”
the President's Program is not the same as the online Annual Conference program.
Ayyyy!! how are you? Congrats on graduating!!!! :)
First thing: I'll setup a github project for sharing code. Go there and register for an account. Let me know your username.
what game of thrones? i missed earlier seasons, will catch up later on it... omg u gotta watch it.
I #BELIEVE one day you will follow me!
the taste of coffee had in need AND desperation is almost revelatory enough to make getting up before sunrise worth it. sometimes.
Under this new law, phone companies will be able to raise rates for basic landline service at will.
Every Thursday afternoon should come with a Skype with
great, thanks!
don't you live in orchard park?
10 minutes organizing... must limit to 10!
School makes me hate everything
Hell Yeah!! HELL YEA! ...#IAintNoRookie in this sport
Happy Birthday Jenny! :)
Tip #177: Master the #fundamentals and you can easily make $100,000 per year in #poker. Learn when to #raise, #fold, #float, and
The #CherryBerryChiller at #McDonalds was so good. I bought 2
let's go to eastern wa. I will show you some crazy columns near ellensburg.
Changed my page, trying to run a network to get the word out on earning free cash! VISIT THE WEBSITES ON MY PAGE DESCRIPTION!
New years plans work better when you read the invitation right.
tweet tweet like a bird got me hanging out on every word...<3
YES! AND WE VOTED FOR YOU KEWL DUDES TOO!
Now that that is over time for my #WILDCATS GET BUCKETS!!! #BBN!!!
One thing I will never understand: see through purses. No one needs to see what you have in there.
I love you too <U+2764>
This day in history...many years ago...a baby was born in a snow storm. Today it's 85 degrees. Warmest birthday ever!
Fenty took office in 2007; last new thing for Ward 8 was in 2001. 3.5 yrs later, new schools, stores, and libraries built + MORE TO COME!.
To quote my favorite VH1 show (curse you VH1 for canceling it), #Instagram is having the best week ever.
Haha its my #1! Not cause its some great cinema, but cause it makes me happy everytime RT : backwards man
Trying 2 finish washing clothes, changed the sheets, got my shower, cleaned my room, filled the fridge w/ drinks.....
yea the maple kind?
I'm good with myself. Crazy as hell and I love it. It's a lot of you people that I can't stand. :D
Hey My boy may be cooking and doing dishes but we're already chanting
HUGE ovation for monta!!!!
I hope has a wonderful birthday!!
lol I wasn't even looking at the lyrics! Now I must know!
ight ight just asking, how bout our knicks today :D
thank you, Lee, guess it wasnt meant to be.
Seami Motokiyo~ Life is a lying dream he only wake Who casts the World aside.
iTunes has some super great guilty pleasure pop albums for $7.99 right now...
sure am
you'll be appalled!!!!
S2: Responding only to the competition is reactive - not innovative, productive, disruptive or proactive.
go to wriggly about 10 times a year. Good fun to be had there.
I'm so glad it's working out! That frame is awesome.
#dreamhosttouchyou in Seattle is a classy affair. Brett is even wearing a blazer.
I'm an watchin and clippers doing great!
Mahomies Please Tweet: JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE!
harrison is a nightmare
nice call with kh10h 4 1900 at 3-6... no wonder u suck so bad
Took a brief #readathon break to open my birthday presents. Four books, a cd and a new camera!
thanks for RT :)
considers pushing through a mustache tax, in the hopes of quickly boosting the city's budget for next year.
“: A friend was on a plane to DC today. Guess who else was on jet? Sen. Lugar.”--he knows he lost right?
welcome doll!
Good Job this afternoon
Go follow ----> , it's a free follower.
Shop goodwill on tuesday rosecrans store and trade. Your receipt for 91x boos cruise tickets from 3-4 in park lot behind store!
Thkful 2day for the ultimate sacrifice that was made 4 me (& you) an imperfect sinner, a misfit saved by grace! All else pails n comparison!
I'm in Richmond. Lol aaawwww man we gon have to fight. I'm a Raider. Lol I'm just messing with you. Visit me lol jk ;p
Pumpkin pie bagel time! So yummy!
Thanks for letting us know. Our provider had periodic brief outages yesterday, but everything should be up and running now.
Luxury Modern Metal Kitchen Cabinets, Metal ... - House Decorations
Just got a spam scam email warning me I'm about be assassinated and offering to send me pictures of my would be assassins. Love it!
My Friday night consists of Ancient Aliens and a burrito.
did u ask ?
Too many gingers at the #oscars ...can't take them seriously
Please follow me :)
Suprisingly, Russell outfits 6 FBS football teams. GA Tech is their 'flagship program' though...agreed to a 10-year deal in 2008
#create top app to have fun on Apple Mac, and Macbook Pro.
RT : I don't think anyone would ever understand what I go through. Exactly why I keep it to myself..
Attention Attention Followers!!! It's C. Maines Birthday!!!! The Ca of the Hasin! Happy Birthday Darling!
#Somewhereinthehood Milk powder over whitey fo' more profits.
so you've been stepped on a lot?
um on yo trail follow back appreciate it!!!
We just launched our mobile site! View us from your smartphones www.bhreview.com (thanks Blogger!)
Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time. - Elberd Hubbard
Work in a bit... Hoping it goes by quick, to bad we have school tomorrow
Y don't these haters realize they just make me work harder!
Don't care if it's already 4. I'm taking a nap.
We are leasing for next year! Call 612-703-RENT or email us at
what?! That shots crazy, Congrats
": Indiana toddler found in a field after violent tornadoes dies in hospital after being taken off life support. so sad.
Haha Insane is a good thing. You're entertaining nonetheless.
Werth creative team is in L.A. today for a client video shoot ... of course it's the one day of the year it might rain in southern CA!
Turf on AGT right now
but we couldnt:(
you know i have restless leg syndrome, gotta keep it moving!!!
she eats platanos, black beans with a side of red snapper
How to Grill Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
RT : Just submitted to the film festival! Love Pittsburgh! Great! We'll keep our eyes out for it!
we don't yet. However, we ship all over US. We should have it in stores this summer. Also have GF and salmon #scrapple versions!
how about "it will just be a text change" or "we don't need to test that in IE"?
Yes. They're in the dumpster now. I'm refusing to work too hard the rest of the day after doing it!
lol is gonna go in for me :))
preaching how metadata will help pubs do our jobs (to make good stuff public)
No. 4 top story on contains the phrase "fetus photos." So Bob Woodward has Mondays off, then?
get it in young homie!!!
Watching and all on there electronic devices.....pretty funny to see
truncated texts never went away
5:00 is such a bitch. Insomnia is such a bitch. I'm about to just eat a bottle of sleeping pills. Or just watch full house until I pass out.
Making some awesome upgrades to our website!
Watching the All-Star game. Go american league, the Red Sox will need home field, if they make it.
GREAT Michigan State Win #MSU abou to celebrate by taking my children to the park before dark. see ya later
hahahaha good times indeed :)
I love when I hug someone and they smell good.
NWFA wood floor expo 2012 Orlando, great show. So many great new contacts!
LONG HAIR, PASSIONATE ABOUT ALOE
School Crossing Graffiti Gets Attention
....that almost scared the tweet out of me, almost...;)
t hes not thinking about u your wasting time and your life worring about people thats not worring about u.
joining the animals tomorrow Scoop Jackson of ESPN to break down the NBA playoffs!!!
great jump, and it should be three out now!
we need to find a way to get to TWEET more! I need her help promoting.. TWEET TWEET TWEET! lol
sorry - we thought we were following... oops!
There must be a time warp in #Wauwatosa on the 4th that makes 6am 5am.
I heart live webcasts
At House of Shields with my dearest blinger friend
S/O to my new followers.
We are offering 10% off to anyone in the #Austin area who needs #tree work and mentions Twitter! www.justtrees.com/contact.php
Early Birds get worms #$
the video for 'blue jeans' was amazing! love what you did with it...call me for the next one ;) is it officially released?
yeah! Follow follow
yeah, i know they're playing DB i just didnt know where. Haha
Sorry everyone, the live chat won't begin until 6pm PST (9pm EST). :(
My latest follower. > Lmfao!
no I wouldn't I would say hell yeah :D
So nice to see "Family of Flagmakers" falling into place! We have our first floor plan! I'm excited for our opening in September 2012!
#20ThingsAboutMe I got a this lil crush on this beautiful girl from chicago on my bus
It's a shpadoinkle day! :D
Followers worth having will, at the very least, digress honorably with your candid takes. That's all one can ask. :)
Worry is interest paid on trouble before it is due.CF Matthew 6:27.
Just sold out of Orange Eats Creeps
Zayn. Let me love you.
85% of all Valentine's Day cards are purchased by women!
Along with blogging, article marketing is a way to use writing strategically placed throughout the Internet to enhance your business.
I love how the web will automatically take out any double spaces in content. Good time saver!
All the commercials about dolls and toys that have a speaker who uses a fake voice makes me want to shoot myself
Interfaith Amigos on stage, sharing common wisdom from their unique spiritual traditions at #TEDxDU. Things are getting good!
-- Stein forever. Oh, there's a new album coming out of 30 second songs! woot
very good ;)
hey! How the heck are you?
Gregory's Coffee @ 1411 Broadway is Amazeballs!
Thank you for following. I am trying to figure a way to get my name and face noticed to pursue my dream in acting. Best wishes.
how much are tickets? are there ever going to be any specials like last year where you discounted them for a day or so?
The show rediculousness is officially the best show ever!!:-)
Is it America?
Don't wanna wake up from this dream!!
hey chuy. you should ping me :)
so they don't have to shorten again and again to keep under 140 characters
almost! I just have to analyze a couple quotes but then i have a whole other paper to do
HApPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Follow and get him past 300 ! Working for Stephen and I love it! Do this for me, not him!
Now the most pressing work left for me this afternoon is to sit by the window and watch the tumbleweeds tumble.
The Flyers won the series....if you didn't know already.
See the Andrew Gutauskas Quintet TONIGHT @ 9:30pm at The Brooklyn Lyceum! 227 4th Avenue Brooklyn, NY 11215 1 SET ONLY! DON'T MISS OUT!
When are you all moved in? Congrats! Sorry we didn't get to talk the other night. What are your plans the next few days? xo
Happy Holiday to all the college bball coaches and college bball players
Let's make it two nights in a row--Weeeeezer!
i hate when people r like brb and then never come bak like wtf really?!?!?!??!
That awkward moment when that email or picture you sent yourself from your phone isn't showing up in your inbox immediately...
Come to think of it, a plate of somesuch with some awesomesauce sounds better.
Film Emporium has great rates on all of your production insurance needs. Check us out online! www.filmemporium.com
imma go one day lol what time is ur shift?
Today's the day! Idea Lounge: Future of Museum Education, 5:15 pm, 204AB with + more!
<<< she's so adorable
My dreams were all my own; I accounted for them to nobody; they were my refuge when annoyed - my dearest pleasure when free
a ton of linked in phishing emails out lately.
And Lebron will likely pass Marino the ball in the front row rather than taking the last shot.
Every time a Big Ten player gets picked in NFL draft, I see highlights of IU getting mauled. Ouch to the Hoosiers!
I was an intoxicated young man yesterday. I will do it again.
i know like go die. we need to put all stupid people in a hole to rot.
You ever be so hungry that you just want to go IN on ur food?...but it be extra hot and burning ur mouth?! Lmbo having 1 of those moments
's up brotha? About to dab some bomb Sour OG Space Rox out of the new Bubbler. irie!!! What about you homie?
Boom. Going to Lakers game 7 with my dude Hope it goes down to the Wire
thanks for spreading the word!!! We appreciate it!
That girl from Pizar's Brave is as ginger as you get.
the Same girll amazing and of the chain :)
I remember when a Year in the Making premiered back in November on ITV2 and my whole TL was so emotional. I miss those days..
Hey we are loving the cool new logo!
Worst excuse for not turning in homework: I couldnt find anyone to copy it from.
Enjoy limousine free hour with the California Express VIP Card on call now to join 619.226.1121
yikes & ha ha! Definitely not a desire to learn more about Christ! (either in intervention or in the "original."
Listening to Diana and chair dancing at Panera while reading a huge stack of magazines. The good life!
Hoping the wild fires will not converge on Runaway Bay. It's burning in 8 counties all around us. YIPES!
Testing equipment at - #dckaraoke will never be the same. See you on Monday, April 30 at !
Happy Mothers Day!
Still, woohoo, I have a Nicki ticket.
Omg! Less than 30 days for quince..super excited for you!
Thinking of a Master Plan
Golden globes. Sunday. Twins birthday celebration. Good day.
TEENS!! TOMORROW TUESDAY NIGHT!! THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO!! BLACK TUESDAY! ONLY $5 BEFORE 7:30!
I like the blues to take it, but you can't sit here and tell me that it won't be a great series. At least going 6 games
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, is the minute you get less than you settled for.
by the time I get to the Chi, french toast would b cold. Dontcha think? As for the money well... I think you know!!
It's the Sabbath! What are u in need of prayer on? What can we join in agreement with you on?
And Glade goes on my most hated companies list. Christmas commercials before Halloween, really? Really?
she's in heat wheat
He had major knee surgery dude. We're talking big money at risk. Teams' GMs don't want that gamble.
I wish I had all these shoes! So lovely <3
I pads are so handy .... Gotta get one
Wife just pointed out that if i like it it's a "film" but if I don't its a "movie" and that that sounds "snooty"
ugh.. why do animals wait to lick their privates until you're looking at them? never fails.Really guys, I don't need to see you're flexible
Job interviews are always so nerve wrecking..smh
oh girl, make that two. :)
cute friendly clown for your next birthday party. :o)
Today is a day everyone needs to stand up to people who bully them. Stand up for who u are and be proud of it!!
Scotties Brewhouse has good food and a good, long beer list. Used to love the 1 at IU when I was there.
Happy Friday to you!
These Broads <<<<
I know that feeling! Enjoy that research high! :-) RT : Be still my heart... *downloads PDFs*
Santorum's not thinking through his life after his time is up which will be soon.
Tonight makes 3 consecutive nights but who's counting. This time is up to bat.
Omg I just had a dream about me being in labor and I swear that pain felt real, saw a baby boy and everything. Uhn uhn not yet!
EPA confirms "miniscule quantities of the radioactive isotope xenon-133" reached Washington State and Calif. likely from Japanese reactors
Another torn #ACL?! Baron Davis is down!
What are u gorgeous girls referring to? Btw, is the recent pic by Drew of TL? lol
I would but its not even close to being in the cast hands. :(
Why is it so easy to find stuff to buy? Thankfully I am going to be earning the money to buy stuff again. Tuition can go on the back burner!
that's fine you can call me a pervert...I love those books.Plus don't make me bring up ln
MAY SPECIAL!!! $100 OFF OUR "POPULAR" PACKAGE...MENTION THIS AD
Take care. Please don't call me!
would you consider selling your twitter account?
Thanks to all the wonderful folks at Nationwide Insurance in Baltimore. We had a great class this morning!
where at
I was just surprised with 1D VIP! See you there?! :')
Is Todd Helton a Hall of Famer?
idk yet i still have to find out if i got accepted to Navajo Prep if i dont then i might go to volcano or del norte?
You're welcome! Yes, this exhibit provides a fascinating window into 19th century health care - and discrimination - in VA
Enter the Dragon is the best martial arts film of all time. I dare you to disagree.
I see you finally got a dog, she's adorable. Bring her to Milwaukee!
5ft of snow in my driveway and my boss wants to open at noon...who the hell's gonna go shopping 2day...what a moron!
I'm late on this message...so...Good Afternoon!! :D
If home is where the heart is then we're all just fucked.
Should the govt just contract out services like the RMV? Private sector runs all forms of transactional operations cheaply. Controversial
i cant find the rest of your tweet. Is fbml gone for good?
fall sail?
Sometimes I just don't get it...
I wish I could start a vending machine arcade in my neighborhood.
The haggadah was mash-up of traditional & old union versions. I liked best a rdg of rabbi asked what is ultimate ...
- Thanks for the follow - we are big fans of Paso Robles and the wines!! - Cheers
Is "Can't Hardly Wait" a lesser Jennifer Love Hewitt movie?
It would be nice to know when we are starting thise nice initiative in Zambia
Hey all say hello to my friend she was my first co-star ever and she is awesome!! :)
Join us this Sunday, Sept. 25 during Austin Museum Day. Voces de Latinas photo exhibit and YLA 16 & Serie XVI Family Day!
i gotta do my butt busters everyday, or when i"m old my ass is going to be like flap jacks, i don't want that not no but hell no
Off to Phoenix to discuss cloud adoption methodologies and data security
On the bright side.. can't wait to c n old face thts been putting a smile on my face the past week :)
Yes, as long as they have an Estate open. Duerson, Whitley, etc. RT : Can estates of deceased NFL alumni sue?
>Quote: I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate. George Burns
You learn so much from your grandparents, I want to go back in the day and chill with them!
and you are a douche
its good to know somebody cares.
i'm gone come back and visit
Hey MLB.tv quit sucking!!
at the crib whats up
RT : church. MT : Nobody builds businesses by making biz plans; they build businesses by trying to do biz -
Crowd of 164,858 for the Kentucky Derby. Is there a bigger sporting event than that? Amazing.
We don’t see things the way they are. We see them the way WE are - Talmud.
The black eyed peas running through my brain only it's more like "i got a feeling that 2011 is gonna be a good year" can you feel it?
I feel horrible today... Still sore from Wednesday's workout so I skipped the gym this morning to wash clothes.. NO BUENO!
A5) My beloved Knicks have a long way to repair their image, but this season's a start. Just lose the streamers.
omg yes ! Ahh I hope I'm one of the first 400 so I can get a meet & greet !! :D
There should be #ona10 side bets: When someone says something that gets a laugh, bet on over/under for # or times it's tweeted.
Went to an amazing seminar this weekend. When you work harder on yourself than you do on your job, you will become unusually successful!
This a fucking blow out..
I'm telling grandma you said that.
:You fancy huh lol!
send me a link homie! I wanna check it out!
getting up an hour early today just to make him breakfast... #veryworthit but
I leave at 9! Ill be there all weekend
Gotta love this time of year in college hoops when the Texas-Pan Americans, Gramblings, Maryland-Eastern Shores etc. get on the score crawl
i get in the car n the radio is playing <3
what up fam?
start of second week of life in Hotlanta!!! Things seem to be getting pretty busy this week. But thank god it will be a short week.
And said neighbor is still alive with all his body parts intact??
I don't have to watch football. All I have to do is read my Facebook or Twitter feed and I can talk shop with anyone!
Decisions, decisions why are you so difficult
RT : some serious research. What was the answer? (Remind me. What am I researching?)
RT @ That cake is awesome!
and it's gone on like this, for 3 years i guess / and we're drunk all the time and our lives are a mess. -
i hate you.
I work up there
I swear falling asleep to dylan holland is the best (:
Yesterdays Benefit show for West Haven was a great success! Thanks to all who came and supported and donated!
love Mystic and Mystic Sea Port! I lived in Trumbull, CT when I was young :) XO
I need some food in my life
follow back please ?
"The Omnivore's Dillema"
Dam!!! Bad break swish!!
Ok, , I really don't like that commercials play at a higher volume than my music. It scares me every time an ad comes on!
#FREESHIPPING on all living rooms, bedrooms, dining rooms, ALL collections!
Trinity Extension - Still time to enroll in the Grief Counseling course on Oct. 21-22. The instructor is Dr. Miriam Parent from TEDS.
RT : Beam Divine Love to Japan & seeing the whole nation engulfed in healing light. It works.
true, all I really see around me is snow and a shovel that I'm successfully ignoring
"The Princess Bride" is the first to come to mind.
Looks delicious!
done both, still coach but this summer I may change things for next year
Philly fans take heart if any team can come back it's ur Flyers but they gotta win board battles
the greatest reward for being a geek of any type is that at some point your toys and tools are indistinguishable!
Breakfast looks good! You're getting me hungry, lol. BTW, you going to S. FL Food & Wine Fest next month? Might be volunteering
Lmao... #Bulls lost to the Wizards. Cant even beat a team with just 14wins.
Follow for coverage of the President's visit to Masterlock.
Ah! Happy birthday, AND ! May 1 = big day for radio peeps. Little did I know! Ben, come over and have cheesecake!
#SanDiego, #cannabis If you live in San Diego, join the campaign to stop the ban on medical cannabis!
Want to go to THE BIG IDEA?? "Tip-Off" is moments away so here's a special offer. Enter MARCHMADNESS as a promo code for 60% off tickets!
good to know! I am doing restorative hath a right now
I'm told Milwaukee King won the game when it was called with 1:07 left. It was a bench-clearing fight that involved spectators too.
SD for the fourth > whatever you're doing ;)
#20ThingsAboutMe I speak Spanish ~
omg. i forgot about him -__- shit. imma have my ipod in the entire time then . lol
Thank you. :) Happy weekend, everyone!
Gee, I'm seeing a lot of friends getting stuck in Spain without $. And none of them take me along! (Yes, I know it's e-mail hijacking.)
you can just stay in the national park! they have nice cabins and actually have some really good food options.
down! Les do it
your videos awsome just like you ;D
No!“: Does that make Sulaimon Brown a Fenty "running buddy"?”
Y members who refer a friend who joins the Y get a free month and your friend gets 1/2 off the joining fee! Valid until 4/15/12.
red carpet night laterr
so he doesn't go to jail for abusive tweets. Haha
Excited to have won free tickets to the NM Philharmonic's concert Jan. 28! Thank you, Philharmonic!
OK, maybe I am going blind or forgot to look last week. Also, I didn't do the reading, is TS Eliot's life still boring?
the finally got off of blogspot, huh?
Laugh and you'll burn up three and a half calories, no joke. - Via the Funny Facts Free app -
Time for some spring cleaning at the East Baltimore office! Ugh... beautiful day for it, though!
I want OT.
Well #ISpyThursday It's raining dogs umbrella
Jason Clay of on why working with corporations is key to resource protection: Coke buys 5% of the world's sugar.
RT: : A fit life takes work! There are no shortcuts to mastery!
Happy Valentine's Day from Fairfax Electronics! Today, 5% off all garage door clickers. Call (323) 731-2561 and use promo code: 5731
ALRIGHT OFF TO BED LONG NIGHT AT CHILDREN'S AND ITS GONNA BE A LONG DAY AT CHILDREN'S TOMORROW HOPEFULLY MY BABIES PAIN GOES AWAY SOON
My pleasure.
hope it storms all night
can you believe it?
Go Dawgs!!!RT : And we have a tip. Let's go Dawgs!
Tonight's fortune cookie read: "Everybody has Ambitions." It's like they don't even try anymore.
Sitting in on the NGS meeting. Attendees count 2185 for conference.
Today I finally got a (trivial) patch into Leiningen. It's always a good day when you land some pull requests.
dude i just hopped on halo 3 today and im loving it, we should play some time
Yay! First question on Reddit! Might be the last, because I already have 3 upvotes but 2 downvotes. Oh well. It was a good question, though!
What a dumb ass pass by Conley...
I can't tell you if it's #true or not, but the whole office is in hysterics right now reading talk about
go for it!
RT : Seek out how you can serve your church. Don't seek out a church just to serve you. Be a contributor, not just a consumer.
oh and happy memorial day !
Good Night
My architecture teacher really needs to invest in a car...
While writing my diss I used huge sticky notes to make diagrams. Color coded and everything. Wish I'd had a whiteboard.
Hell yeah
Calm the hell down with the snow talk, people. It's December, it happens. Now go out there and get some TP!!
Oh God I really shouldn't be awake. Sleeping 11-3 isn't healthy.
miss you too! we need a skype date soon so we can catch up. when does your summer break start?
Bye bye playoffs
Glad to be home:) Just hurting:(
HANA is not an experiment, it has become a platform & is on the way to become the foundation 4 our #apps - Hasso Plattner
the censored pic son...NO WAY!!! LOL Following u is like that girl in the gym with her buttcheeks LITERALLY out. U can't look away.
Any "thing" not any "time" I sure wish I still drank!
Bahaha, its ok..I ripped your head off. And now you're pregnant!
Oh we went to Kramersbook place..It has a restaurant.We had a fantastic time..which one is this Thai restaurant? which street?
We must be in the same room right now. Let's chat at the end of the session!
Why not just SSL/TLS everything now? Why even have HTTP without an SSL layer?
No problem. I have had it happen to myself. Thanks for following back.
Thank you very much; you know it's funny I past the exam on Miranda's B-day wonder if she gave me some good luck in spirit LOL
Not in the mood for a full milkshake? Try our smaller size for just the right portion.
lol he is overrated!
Afternoon session just got started.
See adults wearing aero... Ugh so annoying! Like wearing a v-neck does not look good on u!
Never trust a girl who tells you that her parents will absolutely love you!
lol I forgot I asked y that be4
Fun night at the carriage house ahead if I don't get snowed in!
why weren't you at practice ??
Today it's supposed to get up to 70! So I busted out a skirt. It's bright blue and cheerful.
Off to bed. 8am class woot...
Just returned from two days of stimulating screenings and discussions at The Full Frame Documentary Festival.
Overachiever I see haha, well way to go!! I have gone shopping for bike parts and motorcycle parts
Why are there no stories on creativity from the guys from OK GO? Maybe there are...
Slept all afternoon that shower put me to sleep boring as hell wkend
Still have a few rooms at Casa and Ocean House Thanksgiving weekend. What are you waiting for? Come celebrate with us..............
Thank you for featuring my guest blog! Your site is awesome!
I was working my you-know-what off, more fun tomorrow.. RT : Just finished a fun rehearsal in NY with Myron Walden Momentum.
Debating if I should call. Maybe you just don't care, hm.
George DeLancey Senior Recital April 3 · 2:00pm - 5:00pm Hart Recital Hall Music Building West Circle Drive Michigan State University
#wheniwas14 ... Well I'm 14 right now. Guess I don't have a lot to write. (100th tweet!)
Too funny... I'm hoping you can make it even a little more formal... ;)
Marielena Hincapie: you can't tweak hate. HB 56 amendments don't solve the problem.
headed to RPM tonight for my girl birthday dinner!!
I don't know why twitter isn't taking care of it. We get the emails from people all the time but don't open them.
The bells of the church behind my apartment are tolling Dylan's "Blowing in the Wind." So cool.
Hey we are playing with Abel at The Hopewell Reformed Church on February 20th!
Sounds like a plan
I think so too
See you tom!
Can she do mine too? I promise I'll pre-soak.
I could strangle our shit team this year :(. Seriously? Bullpen!! Groan
#nw More To Live For - a documentary about 3 cancer patients looking for bone marrow donors.
Thank you, Splatter Container!
Cool. Just plain "sex" filming on my block.
wow. just wow.
I love chunky funky jewelry! This bracelet is great!
u bests relax, what u kno bout it
Great advice from a UW MLIS grad: start thinking about recommendations now. Take multiple classes with prof you like, do DFW, volunteer.
Great point, the FDA needs to consider how fast tech changes when deciding on the timing of low-risk approvals
People need to learn how to keep it 100 because honesty is the best answer.
A difference between LA and Nashville? Hailstorm!
By Mayretta I mean Marietta because that's how dem folks say it.
cant wait to hang out with tommorow :)
I hope you saw that Larry Sanders flex. Where did that come from?
How dare this pimple start coming up....
Thanks to all the new followers tonight! :)
I'm so glad that Austin is gonna hang out with Andrea Russett, I've always wanted them to be friends :')
Treat others better than you want to be treated.
This from Citi report out today: European default rates to reach 6% by end of the year. US defaults to remain at 2.5%.
Oh, the irony of Clippers fans chanting "Refs, you suck."
Haircut day, all good until she starts on my ear hair, so freaking sad getting old
"Get lost, gringo.": Marvel Studios to Edward Norton after completion of this movie.
Beautiful day, people out walking & running. What am I doing? Heading to a scotch tasting w/some of the girls. It's all about priorities. ;)
i just realized i forgot to @ you in a tweet from last night...but way to invite to your show, jerkface
yeah! I've noticed that!! They come back to you & they know you were right!
ANNOUNCEMENT: the Minerva lineup is out! New Found Glory, Corey Smith, All That Remains, 10 Years, underOATH, Ingram Hill...
going good! We have an event next week in west Hollywood and we would love for u to come!
I know,it is painful
You may not want to risk it, but if you delete the account you want to switch to, the name becomes available in a few days.
Friday night is feelin alright
hashtag gone wrong,check out #McDstories #brutal If so many people hate McDonalds,why are so many people in line all the time?
I think because we can no longer write properly. I can't. Lost the ability over the years because of computers.
I've started nosing co-workers. Not sure I could do it to strangers.
There are more pieces in place for RG3 to succeed than for Luck currently. However, I feel Luck will have a better career, overall.
Another two feet and Corey Hart would've tied this ballgame. Long flyout to dead center.
Skipping practice.
If it wasnt for the #USA The British wouldnt be #ProudToBeBritish. They would be
Tis better to spill coke than snort it out your nose.
Thanks so much! You want a s/o as well or what?
Took my true essentials vitamins and feeling rejuvinated today. Get some at www.fhtmus.com/indirawilliams
you on the north
Like He showed up for the three Hebrew children in the firey furnace, God will show up for you, in the midst of the toughest trial.
Who will be left after a strategy of appeasement? What will remain of our vibrant education system? Where will the creativity go?
as long as you know its all outta love, since we family and all we'll be good.
lol what kind of work do you want done yo?
I am officailli hook! On twitter while driving! L
*sigh. Considering that creativity & innovation are combinatorial, we (society) shd support talented generalists
Hate when you text someone about something important and they don't text back
My oh my, you're so good looking <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
I log off for a couple of days for the launch of new services and you come back with a D4! Hah..awesome. lol
sometimes i Wonder will i ever at least find that guy thats more than a friend ; Nothing special an far from Perfect but a GoodTime
Congratulations on winning two Silver ADDY Awards at the AAF 10 regional judging this past weekend.
So tired <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
me too. I predicted the pick up of Hughes in my article over on Friday and he had a rough one tonight.
If you want to see a comic strip, you should see me in the shower.
he's so nice! I hope you get to meet him soon! And thank you so much! Next time you come out for Jake, I can go! Haha
Question for Pete:Did you lose a bet to Guy Adami...and forced to wear flip flops with your suit...or is it just a mood thing?
Big day at the house coming up!
": So thinks the original Jurassic Park was "really bad." Please explain to him how wrong he is!" Call Spaz!
i learned that a few black eyes later!
Almost time for that lovely LA traffic! ;)
Somebody needs to hit the Reset button!!!
first show went down i love everyone who came out! we will be better on september 29th so come out!
What a punk bitch
TWITTER RULE: You don’t NEED to follow every profile you come across – you only need to follow the people who you find interesting and...
happens to me every night. Right now it is that and no sleep.
I refuse to tell people how I really feel. Not even my "bestfriends" will know if I'm mad or sad as long as i'm not with them. trust..psh.
#NP Indecent Noise feat. Ridgewalkers - Full Moon Fever (Power Dub)
Recording session in JAH house today!
I just logged in without a problem...but it says I'm the only person on.
When #generous you are united with #Divine Love, while in stinginess only self-limiting ego. Be #mindful of # generosity to live happily.
“: Im trying to change all my negatives into positives and become a productive person”
: Dusk caddis blizzard at Balls Eddy and fish on subvaria spinners. W00t.
For the first time since 1949 the US is EXPORTING more oil than it is IMPORTING. That is really, really inconvenient if you're a Republican.
Todays def a #WhitneyHouston music kinda day! "How Will I Know...."
text me . i need someone to talk to, and so do you apparentally. <3
#RT CHECKOUT THE NEW TRACKS!!!! COLLABORATION MIXTAPE ON MY REVERBNATION AND SOUNDCLOUD PAGE STAY TUNED!!!!
You never know the power of your words. Speak to others the way you want to be spoken to.
Interested in #reading a great #novel? Download your copy of A-Town Veteran today on
Nah I use it as a cover up lol
Hi mami long time what up.
haha lol. My eyes are watering!!! :') no don't cry! The fairy wouldn't want us to!! (you know the fairy)
yo! I asked myself the same thing but not with oomf.. Apparently it is a yes though haha
That's what that smell is.
So, I am curious: When is the Consumer Electronics Show going to matter again to consumers? So many features, so little substance.
Working on stories for National Night Out 2012. Would love to hear how you've used Nextdoor to make the neighborhood a safer place to live.
RT : “All our dreams can come true – if we have the courage to pursue them.” - Walt Disney
‘Mob Mentality’ Destroyed SOPA, Says Viacom CEO
Follow and I will follow....xoxo miss mimi pink!
Gotta love the freelance lifestyle. :)
Frederick Douglass says he knows nothing of the scheme to nominate him for President on a pensions-for-ex-slaves platform.
I have a dog named selena like the beautiful and talented
he was arguing with David Silverman, so yes.
how about both? for the first half of the party one, and then the other for the rest? :-)
I miss karaoke!
RT : my name is TOTALLY FREAKIN DIFFERENT FROM WHAT YOU TLKIN ABT YA WEIRDO
I Found The Greatest Love Of All Inside Of Me
Remind yourself that for everything in life there is a balance...the pain today will be the joy tomorrow
I am an edu app developer how do we TELL teachers about our apps and get specific feedback
": Good looks attract the eyes. Good personality attracts the heart."
Im good peoples I'm someone you should know if you ever meet me I promise ull see Gerelle Mckoy as a real ass chick all day! Try me!
SEO Company in India: Improve Your Website Traffic
heckuva play by
I know I complain about being alone at times but it would be good to at least have some love once in a while.
Sarah bit me so many times today xD my cheeks still Hurt x(.l.
Tickling your funny bone every Wednesday. Special blooper reel this week. www.terriblepeopleshow.com
I found a new way to spell your name, it's E-V-I-L.
Tired of the same old cosmetics? Recently tried and live it! Obsessed with Barbie lipgloss!
Moments like those I wish my mother was still here!
Man good fights on tuf!
almost a health IT "Who's on First" joke.
Excited to see the amazing DJs that will at the DJ Down @ Sunset! At American Junkie this Saturday, 3/10 starts at 5:30!
Forgot all about this lab.
Creating a new specie.
"Feelin on yo' booty" by R Kelly
Rt George Zimmerman Made a Website Asking for donations to help his lawyer fees....BITCH WE WASNT WITH YOU SHOOTING LIL KIDS!»»
Golfing with >>>
Gaborik and that is it
"There used to be certain words you couldn’t say in front of a girl; now you can say them, but you can’t say “girl” – Tom Lehrer
it's an app on iPhones called socialcam
Great class tonight everyone!
I just have a lot of Aron feels, okay? ;~;
God is so great.
haha what is your profile pic?
Someone stole my makeup brush for my blush at work Monday
go to sleep....
Yesterday = canceled check; Tomorrow = promissory note; Today is the only "cash" you have... so spend it wisely!
It tastes of Freedom!!!
aw Ty! You're the sweetest! :):):) I miss you tons.
#Yankees vs #Royals today. Let's go
loved the movie!!
we got a new member to #teamwehatebrooke ?!
What you score on the ACT?
I just picked our new headphones based solely on colors. They're Jamaica colors. Clearly I didn't notice the price.
Rampart was supposed to be in that stack of films too. Interested to see Woody go buck nanners.
And plenty more years to come as an alumni member!
well I am now! Nom!
thats what i said amanda!
thanks for helping us spread the word!
: Where are you headed next? Is Houston on the horizon?
Thank you Chris!! Please let me know how I can help!
we're here for you, girl!
Stop by Firehook Bakery of Farragut Square for a great pastry!
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference
I had a dream about going to Roosters last night. That's how much I want some <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4>
hey how was your week in Sweden? :) did u get good food? :P haha please follow me! <3 much loves
Children: Spend the first 2 yrs of their life teachin 'em to walk and talk, then spend the next 16 yrs tellin' 'em to sit down and shut-up
I swear I was! Then when I got to your profile, it says I wasn't. How else would I have been updated on your fascinating life?!
Thx for your affectionate question. I'm feeling invigorated. I love teaching, is, perhaps, the reason.
i love how we were bestfriends first. <U+2665>
Start the New Year clutter and mess free, PODS is making January "get organized" month!
Build your personal brand. Do whatever it takes to make sure that people will think of and remember you in the way you want them to.
RT : Feeling the 'Magic" at Google today! #GCTREBOOT2012 Me too!
High of 48 on Friday. Yikes!
#WOTD: Your thoughts on iTunes session? Haven't seen much chatter about it.
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference." Elie Wiesel
Odds of winning #Powerball: 1 in 195,249,054. Odds of dying from a #meteorite striking the earth: 1 in 700,000. Not very encouraging.
I wish they had twitter when I was young. I would have followed Danny Elfman.
“: Can NOT stand Conda on Biggest Loser!!”- I'm with you!
Not to spoil the ending for you, but everything is going to be okay.
Thanks for RT!
Minimize your visits to the grocery shop, cut down on your petrol bill.
most have medical ins. Players wanted money to do what they wanted. That is what legacy was. If you qualify you get it.
That one guy who bet on the first points being a safety is freaking out right now
Yeah, the Browns gave up a lot. Still, if they liked Trent Richardson & thought another team would get him they had to make the move.
STORY OF MY LIFE!!!!! RT : The things I say are really creepy but people take the as a joke. Thank god
From the unofficial biography, Daylight Savings Time.
Law of Success #4: Initiative and Leadership. They go together. – Napoleon Hill. Next law in 4 hours.
omg me too:( its depressing me<\3
I must admit that C# helped me transition from primitive languages like C++ to modern languages like Python and Ruby.
can u follow shes a good friend and will follow back
OMG this weird 30 year old italian man friended me on fb.... SO CREEPY >_< Decline decline decline.
ahaha nah we're just friends Ben :)
and I am back at the reference desk after listening to the
so is Pat, I like Pat, I don't care what's its real name is, its Pat to me.
DW: "do we just get rid of privacy?" privacy is really "a reductive and narrow placeholder for bioethics."
RT : Today in Jewish History (1938)1st debarking passenger port of Tel Aviv: Palestine Symphony founder Bronislaw Huberman
catching up on tweep news. yay to on job, boo that & will miss #thatcamp the year i can go.
Spend time with people who excite you and who encourage you to grow in new directions.
The Weeknd is playing tonight at The Filmore. Had no idea. Lame.
theres no time to let the blood dry
The crossing guard came to help us cross the road and he was like "how lucky am I to help 3 pretty young ladies cross the road." wut
Wow, 2 HOFers. A real star-studded event!
May 22, 2012 is Graduation Bitch !
Woke up at 4:30 this morning to shoot a music video at London Bridge. Coffee...
you're right.The best one was the one of the floor...or maybe the one of the ceiling. RT and I took great pics!
: morning & Ty for
That was one of my favorite gags in "The Dictator." :)
Today my livejournal weblog turned ten years old. Thousands of reflections in that journal, but I'm not going to bake a cake.
A comment to think about: "Optometry has done a fine job of taking care of the eye, but we've managed to disconnect it from the brain."
Shorty got a friend and her friend got a friend too haa thats the kind of shyt i be into ft husband or wife-REMIX
I am a Philly area photographer and looking to build my portfolio. Would you or a friend be interested in free location session
I have still yet to feel an #earthquake. I'm always too far away, asleep, or just completely oblivious (or some combination thereof).
I'm awake at 4 a.m.! So quiet...such a good time to pray Samuel's prayer - "Speak Lord for your servant is listening" -
It's weird that the Hulk and Lucky the Leprechaun are both Irish.
1 year #anniversary of the #royalwedding. 2 year anniversary of Andrew & me <3
I like how after BOONE strikes out a guy he walks around like "Cant Touch This"...Ha Ha!
well yeah...cause your awesome!!!!
Greyson chance is 14?... I thought he was like 12 or 13.. how awkward. Lol
Instead, product, technology and journalism people work in two-week sprints to solve a problem. Tangential result is mutual respect.
I hope more good days than bad!!! How was DC Thurs night? Was a great night to be out.
Beautiful night for karaoke at Rustys old 50
Holy Crap haven't been on in FOREVER!:O What's upp young world? (:
haha smart independent stubborn!!!
1.does he get special attention in school? Or 2. If he won the lottery, what would he do with the money?! #AskMikey :))
aww your perfect. So perfect. <U+2665>6
miss you, ass!
Prices for tickets: An $87 seat will be $133 for a wild card game, $148 for a Divisional Playoff and $207 for the NFC Championship. (2 of 2)
Or you forget pajamas. :/
I pray that the Almighty may listen to the prayers of the faithful in the land & direct their counsels for good
There is creative reading as well as creative writing. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Just watched nigahigas new music vid bromance!!!! I <3 it!!!
gahhh rehersal tomorrow..interview on monday,
Tamale lady, we miss you! It's killin' us! Where have you relocated to??
Awesome quote!
Mj vs Reggie was da best
Come to buckhorn Liqours we got everything you need
I really think Remy believes he's a pug!
I can give Pinterest invites if anyone @ #smbootcamp wants one now.
On #refchat, but it's currently dead.
#Iwish I could that I could meet
oh yeah. Your right
I'm writing something on article versions for law jrnls, so I'm looking forward to see the ATG issue.
don't mind me...just testing things out...
Nothing better then your own room and your own bed
We had our first rainstorm in at least 4months and it was a doozy. The streets are flooded!
Good morning!:)
RT : Willie Nelson is 78, so would somebody please warn him that weed's the gateway to heroin before it's too late.
The bulls look totally different without Rose
Buy my debut album The black swan to prepare your ears for The Black Swan 2: betting on the negative
Coach said I was strange wtf??
what's going in girl? Moving on from your school or teaching all together??
The main course: "Coding for Uncertainty" by #bmoreonrails This is a great talk!
Yeah, you thank that goalpost there, coyote. Get it back Preds.
I hate when my phone changes SO to DO #wutrudoing!!!!!
There are simply no answers to some of the great pressing questions
If they are on someone's shoulders, they are just asking for it!
I think someone stole my flip... Time to turn the tracking device on.. lolol
I saw you and was super impressed hahahaha
it was nice to meet you too, and yeah I keep telling him to get one but he doesn't want to lol, eventually we'll get to him
trudging thru work today - holding on to thougths of tonight
Go Navy. Show the Buckeyes what's up
When I thought I couldn’t go on, I forced myself to keep going. My success is based on persistence, not luck – Estee Lauder... thx...
I still fail to understand what it is about this woman....
Playing tonight with great drummer Peter Buck ("Buck's Vibe"), cd release show at Steamers in Fullerton. 8pm, streaming on their website!
#tu222 #astd2012 build your brand by building your personal connections
Cool! How much is it?
Am I surprised that is late. Not really. Can we say
Q5 like would a library keep them in an archival special collection b/c they were well designed at their time?
Dang matt flynn threw for over 400 yards 6 tds and 1 int Packers win 45-41 glad aaron rodgers got to rest ready to see him shine the playoff
You are not alone! I do not buy cereal for that reason. I would eat and eat and eat and get rickets or scurvy or something
Best USB HD 1080p webcam? Your thoughts are appreciated.
Please stop with the playlist info and commentary. Waste of precious morning time.
If A Bitch Dont Like Me Then Its Clear That She Wanna Be Me
Youth tonight. (:
RT : Save the Date: Hes My Favorite Mistake OFFICIAL book launch party June 7th in NYC with and <= Yayy!
still pissed the A's didn't sign him.
Love taking those extra creaky steps in Johnston's south stairwell. It makes you feel alive knowing the floor could collapse at any moment.
Glad we could share them in our corner of the Twitterverse.
Loving all the #whyilovemuseums tweets! I love museums for their ability to connect people to one another, to the past and to the future!
Who is excited to hear new songs?! We'll be putting out two new ones for our split with dead & gone!
Just caught a man taking a long, HARD look at the erotica section of Borders.
Well im leaveing CCIS, good by school :)
I'm delicate guys
I haven't talked to him all day ._.
yea! Y'all made it!!
Wen I got the text do I wanna go c DBCO I think I cried <U+E412><U+E412><U+E412><U+E412>YES TF
The Flying V and Emilio Esteves
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again more intelligently. Henry Ford
BSoD from Spotify and Chrome? Were we rocking too hard?
We found love ina hopeless place..jk we haven't found love yet! </3
Take note political flaks - you can NOT stand in the way of PatriceWalsh13 & an interview she's been promised!
Getting close to 800 followers! Craziness...
get it from Lauren I don't want it on Twitter haha :)
I feel you
How to make perfect rhubarb fool
#TONIGHT Going out: "Bottles?" via
Being a slob has paid off finally. I had a second wardrobe in my car!
you think they'd find something else to call them ...
Good booty stank! ;D
We are so blessed to have your support! And we cannot wait to see you again!!
You got 3 options run ride or hide
You never fail to show #FF love. Thanks, Twarent. Hope the two of you have been well! Lunch overdue.
This rain fits my mood perfectly...
" Today I celebrate the person whom I admire the most in my life... My MOM. Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing Moms out there!"
That's an awesome piture Jill! :-)
cool. I'll be there wit Lisa then
Specials sound great! See you later tonight!
Barbie Collector Dolls of The World China DollBarbie Doll Values - dolls of the world - china
now it hits Doral? It just stopped raining here lol
I'm probably dreaming, but I think the Newspaper Guild should offer to buy the PI.
you can have all my tagalongs :)
I hate when baseball is on tv and it's not the I still watch, because it's baseball, but I don't like it.
So who wanna take me to McDonalds, I'm buyin
Your turn is coming soon!
The following are excerpts from employee evaluation forms: This person is not really so much of a has-been, but more definitely a won't-be.
Today I learned that St. Patty's Day is also Evacuation Day in Mass. It's a fake-ass holiday to give everyone the day off. Thanks Angelica!
Sequoia is full of tears of joy! "I love everybody for working on our house," says her son, Jayden.
God just showed out!!!!
IM STILL UP I CANT SLEEP CAUSE IM THINKIN ABOUT ALOT OF SHIT
You're not cool
Guys, Skinny Fiber is for men too! Couples this is a great way to start your journey together to a healthier, slimmer lifestyle. Money...
haha I come with! It's definitely worth seeing more than once haha
My life has taken so many joyous turns...#God is so good! - thank you for choosing me! I love you!
Why am I not surprised at all?
Network Software Engineer Position @ Seattle Based A Studio. Ping me -
u lrdy practically r mrried. my mom wont even let me sleep why give u freedoms if they have limits ?
But I've never had no problems with alcohol, Ouch, look out for the wall, aim for the couch I'm about to fall...
Goodnight twitter, see ya tomorrow!
LOL, I was too busy fighting :) Serasi Jewelry is now available in Tayrona in Cambridge, MA.
Strippers paying for me to be their bodyguards
-- you'll have to read the summary on Television without Pity.
Heard your new single and I loved it!! Great job!! :-)
Me and my sheep will be reunited tomorrow!!
“: Hmm thinking about buying season tickets this year.” duh
well tell her never mind then
Take two of em no flic
"I've been in more laps than a napkin." - Mae West
How much tweets would a tweeter tweet if a tweeter could tweet tweets?
I'm gonna chunk some carrots at whoever threw you in!
What's the saying? "Starve a fever, give a cold a bourbon?" Cheers.
Discover the Most Profitable Home Based Business Opportunity Are you looking for the right home based business opportunity that can make
my room is so cold I don't wanna get up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
- O Well
Hope you two enjoy it.
Haven't decided if I like these alt jerseys the Brewers are wearing. Certainly different.
I'm not sure partially upside-down really counts.
Last night in Bible study, the question to answer was- if John the Baptist was a great messenger, what kind of messenger will I be?
:OO RT your pussy is way too dry to be riding my dick like this
Looks good!
What?! They sell CDs of the service? This is news to me. Interesting....
Today has been a bad day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
Several very enthusiastic citizens in Jackson County working hard to make all of southern Indiana once again productive. - JDG
; that shit just pissed me smooth the fuck off.
great job! Very proud of you.
We're all just playing here. Young and old. Everything is made up. Everything.
Cookie, you're so hilarious..DSC on san diego jack! love your show.
I also like the part where they brag about raising men's insurance premiums.
RT : Thanks to for signing on as a sponsor for
Oh boy Lars Anderson in left field tonight! Go Sox!
Can't sleep. Great. Prom is tmrw.
is the Bears GM circus almost over?
My math teacher sucks. He gives us homework on things he doesn't even teach us.
"Are Golfers Expletive Lovers? #Damn Straight!" Read this #Golf #Joke & others Now! @ www.ICUGolfStories.com
on fridays i always have extra energy.
WE OWN THE NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY #RITZ2 FREE ALL NIGHT
I'm hoping everyone did jorts day today..
Crocheting is more fun.
thank you Seth for reminding me this went to council today, hope it leads to much-needed #eGov progress for our city
Jamey Carroll just used the phrase "The bomb dot com". Haha, what a douche.
Nobody gonna want the grizz in the first round
Can't wait to be with #oomf this weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
YES!! I agree. I WANT TO BE A WIZARD. The CHOSEN ONE!
How do we create surprise & serendipity?
#lion Booda Big Batter Cat Toy 11" lion
Not everybody!! Can't stand them!! RT : Everybody wanna ride the laker train now... Smh go somewhere!
One stop shop for custom tees & CD duplication! 20 years at it & Core Media is an industry leader in music. Ask about our Bundled Specials!
I cried
Seriously McDonalds? Is it too much to ask for a spoon in my bag for the oatmeal? Really?
What does a burnt pizza, frozen beer & a pregnant girl have in common? In each scenario there was a DUMBASS who didn't take it out in time.
RT : Amid Trayvon Martin controversy, trial begins for 2 neighborhood watchman accused of beating a black teen...
7 years bad luck? :x jk!
Hope you all enjoy your night everyone..Stop by tomorrow & pick up our strain of the day; Purple Paradise!
"Although I have made mistakes, I am not doomed. My life itself is not a mistake, but part of God's eternal purposes"
fuck you . i hate you .
Strange is the only way to describe my life right now
Someone is blasting the Mad Men theme song from their car.
lol that song will forever remind me of u know. ! Haha
:) that touched my heart
Thanks for the Christmas wishes! Happy New Year!
You know when you're so sick all you want is your mom? Well, all I want is my mom to make everything better
live by the three.....fire by the three....
What are you eating for #SundayDinner?
#FF to my favorite people
This first bye week was my Vietnam.
Dating themselves?
Unfortunately, w had to reschedule. We'll keep you posted!
It is our mortality that gives us our humanity- and defines who we are as a function of our time here together.
What's wrong? ;'c
How would your life change if you LIVED your BELIEF that God is HOLY & always in your presence? That unrepentant sin separates you from Him?
Sometimes all you need is a hug but most times you need a good drink! Just sayin.
My mother will happily talk knives tomorrow!
thank you for sharing
Editing videos
On the bus and this annoying child who should be in school and her rasta mudda is on the bus getting on my nerves to early in the AM
We would love to help parents save money on Dennis uniforms! We also give back 10% of all sales to the school. Let us know...
Did an interview with Bulgarian National Radio this morning. Now if only NPR would return my calls...
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: My best legal advice is: enjoy this beautiful spring weekend with your family, whoever you consider family!
Trying to see where to put Ty Lawson? Has to be top 8 but this is tough. Where do you have him?
Kentucky bound! (:
LAWSON MUST SHOOT THERE
Thank you!! It means alot... She should be out of the coma soon.. Or we hope... Shes in critical care..
Follow follow follow!
(Learning Is Fun!)
The most #exciting #happiness is the happiness generated by forces beyond your control.
#ThrowbackThursday in the bar with your favorite 80s and 90s jams by DJ PUMPIN PAUL and throwback beer pricing!
not sure what's going on but stay strong. You need an ear to bend and a virtual shoulder you know where to find me... <U+E405>
looks like it's me and you Bry
darn. haha Well enjoy whatever you are doing. ;) Welcome to TX, it's cool today for us!
One win. Just one win. All I'm asking.
Friends, be sure to follow our PR volunteer for play-by-play info at our annual conference!
thanks for the follow vinny!
we are so excited to host your bloggers group!
Joe have a great new year!!!
why thank you! But I must admit my big dawg helped a lot!
“:Spoke w #sicklecell exprt abt important work she & her office do. Our people make CDC great!" #proudshe'sourboss!
did you defeat ????
quit bein a bitch! Tell him u got shoes down here. FREE SHOES
And gargamel is a goddamn embarrassment. He can't capture any smurfs, and the majority of smurfs are proven morons since they are in a cult
hands up and touch the skyy, lets do this one last time, <3
In Las Vegas. It's a crisp 104, which for me is better than the very humid upper 80s in A2. It's true--dry heat is better.
If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one?
How deep is my admiration for efforts at yesterday's DC #healthapps event? Think: Grand canyon.
Exciting how the 3rd and 4th places in premiership come down to the final game of the season
I had to walk all the way to the library. Then all the way back to my class to get money, then all the way back to the library. Smh.
My life
To all my teen followers: Im not PG 13... so please unfollow me or ignore my adult tweets. Im on here and not FB to be free from my own kids
I wanna be able to wake up with a passion & say I love what I do
Just because you finally said the truth Doesnt mean this is over!Just letting you know!(:
RT : Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-TX) is on the House floor with a big sign that say "Wreckonciliation"
Gorgeous day out:)
~what??? !!!! Im gonna have to google this lml!!!
babe my family ain't racist
the music on the radio right now because its 420 >>>
Best freaking performance of the night so far!!! by far!
RoFo has the best Motown mix going on right now.
Hey you still taking that Spanish class in june?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SARAH <3
Beyond gorgeous outside.
Keep calm and carry on. Be an assassin.
I <U+2665> Fantasy Basketball!
ADV ENG I: All the Romanticism tests are graded and posted. We will go over them in class on Tuesday.
My hair smells like syrup. I thought my pancakes were extra hairy this morning...
Salted Caramel Banana Bread Puddings - Huffington Post
I could NEVER be an elementary school teacher...
I always put myself into the worst situations.... But at least this time I got out before I got really hurt.
Twitter is the fastest way for smart people to prove they're not. /via
aww I hope so so what the MSG say for u to start crying
Still waiting for my flat iron to arrive... April 17 please come faster
#footballfuture there will always be a battle between the risk and reward in sports.... Only the best make it to the promise land.
About 50% of women have one breast that is larger than the other.
ive was shocked so i guess I've deserved it ^^
com, shares some tips and the journey that any gamer might encounter:
A patron gave me an incomplete citation from the early 20th century and I managed to track down full text.
back in the mix after a longish break
School makes me sleepy.
2 is my favorite number
Awesome photo, Awesome of you to follow.
a real pony wouldnt be living in the house with us! :)
A third thing we can learn from the book of Daniel. Do the right thing even when it is costly.
Apparently I have Internet connection at the park today. This is fun.
Such an amazing opening weekend for MML followed by a very creative library program yesterday
Good Morning Cher !!
If you could have one super power, what would it be? Teleporting
Wait. Am I Gen X, Gen Y, or Millenial? I have so much trouble remembering which one is which.
Woo! Cooke! Epic goal!! xD
"earth.... 23 inches in diameter ..... awesomee"
This is only our second time going? We only got a membership last saturday.
totally true. it's a little annoying, from my perspective. but i put a big smile on because that's the nature of the game.
Heating discussion regarding potential #smoking ban. Sen. Boots, "this is not a well written bill."
He is soo sweet! <21 "smile, it gets better..trust me :). I can't have a fan of mine be sad at all, doesn't feel right!" -
Superficial friendships.
Is there any way to get a Droid X (2.2) to tell you what app has turned on GPS? Mine suddenly doesn't want to turn off.
what time? I like pizza, but I feel like I'm cheating on Settebello
I hate when my mom sees me cry, then she asks me all these unneeded questions.
tell me lies, make em sound good
yeah, indeed -- great to see you two girlie-girls too! Happy holidays to you two, too -- all the best in 2012~
Indianapolis Public Library (formerly known as IMCPL), Wayne Branch. Got my MLS in May '10
Chi city till I die... Nigga you from Indiana lmfaoooo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
hahahhaha im having too much fun with this.
Staying in Chicago for a couple of my friends :p gotta say I miss Miami tho ;D
Why are there so many below the knees cargo shorts
Prayers for all who were killed in the tragic shooting in Tuscon tdy and that Rep. Giffords quickly recovers!
I hate the moment when I realize the bus would have been faster than the metro.
Appearance with my buddy former #wwe light heavyweight champ, #Gillberg!
tonights dinner. Squash blossoms stuff with black eyed bean puree and fried with cornmeal batter. Homemade fettucini and tomato sauce
To much sex for one day... Holy shit.
My position on gay marriage: If you don't like gay marriage, don't get one. That is all.
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Snow White and seven Titties
Seriously. That sounds amazing. You should totally enter to win those tickets to the event. :)
well u ever notice me ;(
bout to send that new single to yo email
exactly how long does it take for them 2 not take ur sacrifices for granted though...can they start remembering oh say...NOW;)
Not surprised that they are creative and amazing. Mostly excited to communicate without a character limit! Great folks.
Apple decides today what to do with 98 billion dollar stack of cash. Couldn't they just give me 1 million of it? No one would even notice.
Yes KD! Yes!
Congrats Dustin Johnson.
Swinging at ball 2
q1: informal calendar in our office. each display location has two displays per month. we all keep full.
when I get stuck in my old memories, I wish them bk for just a minute so bad it hurts. Then I realize it's why I'm me today.#drinkin&thinkin
Completely baffled by shortsighted people. Ah well, yesterday was fun.
thanksgiving in Indiana with family and some good old much needed res for the weekend.
We asked about super powers on #Rocket21 & here's what we are hearing so far: ability to teleport, shrink & be invisible :)
RT : Think about how you can make a brand socially engaging and fun, even if not obvious at first glance
can't go wrong with German engineering.
that park needs a lot of help in general!
it was great to meet you last night; you're pretty funny. I really liked your "it starts at ingestion" joke :-)
no way. it's real, and it's glorious. we'll have to go sometime!
Oh make this headache go away!
#OTG #WEAREOTG #OTGLIFE #OTGTIPS GOOD KARMA IS GOOD KARMA, BAD KARMA IS BAD KARMA. CHOOSE WHICH ONE U WANT
Happy Easter everyone! See you guys in church! :)
haha thank you so much!
Good luck!
Yes know go follow
ikr? I'm just glad he's getting charged 4 it!
Well let her know...
Switching to. The iPad to live blog. The wifi at Temple is being slow on. My MacBook.
Take 5 slow breaths before eating and breathe while you eat. Amazing how it helps digestion and creates awareness
Starbucks needs to rearrange the parking lot
knew it :P but I didn't know forsure so I didn't say hey
wuts your keek name? I forget
gosh I want him! Not Tony ewwie
Thx for the love !
lolol no sorry I'm ranting about gossip girl!
Hi Amanda, weird. But have a great THATcamp! So sorry not to see you all.
Linkinparks new song!! Burn it down!! Its my new favorite!!! :D
Hieber's would love to hear about your experiences with us - please post here or email us at .
The nodes are switching out , indeed the fallin klout ,restiveness in the aisles ,fading smiles once beguiled ,they've been much fun to know
Depression.... sucks....
#nccetl pcti Finland Denmark Germany Sweden all implementing peer coaching
"Fuck you...beyond beyond beyond!" - Sayquan's immitation of a drunk girl in elevator. lol
Ohmigoshhh I know the artist of the reggae throwback at noon and I can't even get through the lines!!!! Damn it
Follow me back ppl ! Thanxx
I literally ache for Rick & Lori & what they are going through jeez I have to go to bed now & sleep it off
I had an AMAZING time singing at the prayer brunch this morning!!! What an inspiration to be among such fabulous women of God! Thanks...
named Virginia #EconomicDevelopment Partnership the winner of its Competitiveness Award. Congratulations!...
oh yeah. Duh.
How come cops never say, "Thank you for committing that crime and keeping us employed." So damn selfish.
I wish there really was a santa.
Actually staying w/ a friend. #seattleroots :) RT : #mlanet12 Which hotel are you staying at during the annual meeting?
BUY is the key word
thanks for the lovely bread-filled truck post Friday! Have you seen www.andreasbeau.com hair accessories? You'll love em...
Also collecting pennies for the Ronald Mcdonald House - part of Rady's children hospital.
Man do I love week-ends!
“: Sometimes a simple "hey" can mean everything.”
I have tried that before with good result...getting the cymbals and snare to sound right and not harsh is the key in any case
I was horrible last nite and apologize for my performance
good for you. it's like a mini-vakay
Loving you could take my life,but when I look into your eyes, I know you're worth the sacrifice!... Love you!
Counting down till do work!! >:)
Finally saw the finale of #thevoice. So many Congrats to !!!! Congrats also to and !!!
RT : RT Your most valuable asset can be your willingness to persist longer than anyone else. RT
Been pretty happy. Had an awesome Kahuna x Milsap heifer calf. Dealing with a new baby that doesn't want to suck right now.
whats twitter jail?
Motivate - Hope is like the sun, which, as we journey toward it, casts the shadow of our burden behind us.
why you're welcome :)
What's the business? What's new? What's fun? Fill me in.
Gave up on my homework, guess its just gunna be a movie night with me, my bowl of Cheerios, and Netflix<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Great talk today at Lean Startup! Would love to talk more about my startup using unbounce :-)
Also at #yrlrc Nitrate Negatives digitization
- IF they were about you. If not I'm sorry Shawn. I want to hope is a misunderstanding cuz I like both of you.
uh, I'd have to vacuum my living room first
(Re)engaging the New Topographics.
Don't you miss the morning show for that reason?? :)
RT So exercise TO YOUR LEGS for restless leg syndrome is the key. Trust me. >.>
hey what up dude I can hook it up
looks like a prob w the LaTeX template so we're going to end up taking Arial as well.. thx for trying!
Is is possible that they planted used diapers in the flowerbeds outside my office?
Bench press with 35's, curls and over head presses...200 made shots off the dribble, 5 made ft's after each set!!!
awesome. I'll DM you tomorrow and we can figure it out. I imagine we might end up in some of the same sessions...
great. just when u thought gallardo was ready to be the ace he should be this year, he turns into mush.
I still got it
LivelyKernel's lowest level + Garnet / Amulet-like constraint-based user interactions in ClojureScript + core.logic? Sped up by factor of N?
Are you protecting your eyes when you tan? Sunglobes are $4 or Peepers for $3...SMART TAN!
yeah I think lol I hope It's fun
Will it have childcare? And will there be chlorine in the fair-trade coffee?
Timeout Corban 22.4 to play. Shot clock is off. It all comes down to this.
Tip #217: Married couples: Do something fun like NAKED SATURDAYS! Never get tired of finding ways to spice up your marriage.
Happy Valentines Day!! Today, I am running around dropping fabrics off for slipcovers, bedding and roman shades.
Oh jetlag you have no charms
#GOLF #JOKE The pros drive the Ball out over the #Water. His ball always fell short in to the water...> Read-On @ www.IcuGOLFStories.com
lmao... Cumoam.. That was his 1st drink when he came home right?
appreciate your helpful comment. Was trying to fit tweet within character limit. Becoming a comedian is in your future.
I just followed because I'm hoping more of them end sooner.
Hey, who all is going to GenCon? Thinking about going again this year and trying to figure out plans.
nice job!!
Hey lady - thanks for the RT when will be seeing your face around these parts?
I bet I could drive people absolutely nuts if I never reacted to them. I bet I could never keep it up.
How smart can you be at 1? You're still an unbaked lump of dough at that point. What's his kid's view on Higgs-Boson particle?
I'm blind to you haters
Another Packers trade? Nice moves, guys.
Got this nine hour shift ahead of me. (sigh)
IT'S SMALL BUSINESS SATURDAY! Come on in for a burger on your shopping break....Christmas lights on 34th St, check it out
Watchin rick james Documentary i love documentaries of ppl that became successful from music
thanks for the follow-Friday shout out.
I cannot wait 2 get my own apt. I am proud to say I've been handling my business on t0p of my stuff
Masking youre tears in the form of a diamond
that is awesome! that would be so cool to have a whale for a friend! Orcas are my favorite <3
#westoppedtalkingbecause you started acting like a bitch
Damn club flashing the leather. Sorry To extras we go.
By Batman, I was obviously referring to Wade. Bruce Wayne > D-Wade
There's that prison one too. You can find your match, who is currently behind bars!
Thank you! 'Energizing Indiana' helps you save - South Bend Tribune
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 4
Legally bound by who? By the city? Is the library part of city government?
Thanks for the compliment. I'll definitely be endorsing you and a few others before I shut it down or turn it over. :-)
Ready to watch next great Cats on ESPN
13 days left -2 for DC -2 for AP tests -1 for Spanish field trip & I only have 8 days left!
It has been a fun morning despite the fact that I had to get up at 2:45am. :-) Life is good!
So you are a big Jesus lovin turd? In that case...me too! RT i love jesus
haha thought same thing
Believe in me
so do i
Yeah! Bob Cranshaw & Todd Weeks just on WBAI discussing the "Justice For Jazz Artists" initiative. Go, Mr. Cranshaw!!!!
Tenenbaums...your least favorite Anderson?
Should b expecting a call real soon
high people are so annoying though.
Always remember to lift your eyes towards heaven
hey mama I got it!
After a one and a half of living in my apartment complex I just realized we have a sauna.
I cannot stop listening to Concrete Angel by addicting!
I had to put the sea salted chocolate away.
doesn't surprise me! so sad!
Gettin drunk as hell tonight n goin to see project x ima be lmao
Smoking this LOUD!!!!! WATCHIN THIS GAME.... GO UCONN!!!!
Tonight at 9:30- buy a ticket and get a free drink. See two dudes kiss. See what we'll say about #WhitneyCNN. Meet Romney's hot sons!
I hate it when i get jealous, it's just not me. >.<
Yeah, but i dont really watch football just twitter.
Just had a tasty lunch & was luck enough to get a tour. What a nice venue for music & the wine is great too.
#TEDMED there no biomarker measures in psych. We might be surprised when we learn they are systemic diseases
when he is King of the World - the charges will go away...
Watch your dreams, sometimes they come true.
Remember...no one cares about this game.
There are so many Jews in Penn Station right now.
Definitely feeling relieved now
that was one belieber, leave.
Absolutely! We think it's great!
4 out of 5 times I drive down Monroe, a DMX song comes on the radio.
Read it online. No pictures.RT : I'm so not used to seeing my picture in the paper, lol
We're giving 25% off printing for shirts benefiting Japan's recovery. For details contact us. Our thoughts are with them.
same here but with crutches...i crutched to Mr. Hebron tonight and it was hell haha
same here. Hope for no wind today. :)
Fabian wants to get lunch Tuesday or Friday. U in? If so what day?
Thank you Jeff!
:Looking at your friend and saying, "I'll do it if you do it". hahha reminds me of us
#SometimesItSeemsLike you can never finish your work.
Today is one of my favorite Aggie traditions....and we softly call the muster...
You did. My week just got much more difficult.
U r agreat Mother Jilian and don't know but on TV but I can tell u r grat Mother always tell your self that OK XOXOXO
Tools Programmers needed for Great studios in #Austin #SanFrancisco #boston and
I've enjoyed reading my timeline all day. Nothing but Janet love! :D
#PULPFICTION FOLLOW HER NOW!!!
"From 1 to over trusting, I'm pretty damn naiive"
a girl that can make me laugh >
Thanks again for coming out in the rain on Sunday! Hope to see you again soon!
#TMZ kills more brain cells than alcohol.
Happy Founders Day Iota Nu chapter of Alpha Chi Omega, installed at on May 9, 1992!
Tasting morning <3
we are the only living creatures in universe as far as we know if there were we would have by now it's no cover up really.
Everybody always talking bout Light skinned this.. dark skinned that... what about us Beautiful Brown folk???? ( ;
Some nights it was like she didn't know what it meant to be on key.
That one akward moment when u finnaly. Say ur goodbyes to ur friends but u walk the same way....lol
Love is the ability to SACRIFICE. Marinate on that...
Hoosier Daddy??? ON WISCONSIN! great win tonight for Badger basketball over Indiana!
It seems like most of us have made it. Thank you guys at the for such a great time!
hickory dickory dock. My balls fell out my jock. I laid them to rest on some hookers chest and paddled her face with my cock...
Sick for the last 3 days! Yuck...can't wait to cook and workout again!
Thinking about how hot Robert Downey Jr is . . . So yummy.
Legs On The Dash Board >>>
child. U hav problems !!!!<U+E105>
ping back when you've finished. I just recently finished it myself.
Go ahead and judge but I'm into everything Californian.
I knoww lol I applied freshman year let it go. I gotta come visit tho!!!
Congressman Danny Davis ranking Democrat highlights Freedom of Speech provision in the constitution.surprised about hearing on this issue
Happy 100th birthday Fenway Park!
also just bought an autographed copy of Patti Smith's "Just Kids"
no one gives a fuck what your food looks like
Sounds like insomnia
it was good and I don't have your number bud
But will they be fried????
Stomach flu & Having to do homework , ehh not the business . ='(
Some one new text mee !
Hung herself from the banister. Jenna Parry hung herself from a tree. Liam Clarke hung himself in a playground. Justin Beecham slung a
.... You blowing up the running back seen as U & TEBOW steer the Broncos ship to the playoff promise land !!
where's that?
LMFAO!! 5,000? u might wanna times that a few more thousand times lmfao more like 9573220752042 tweets
People don't want us to talk anymore I heard it my self it is. Ku :-(
Good pitching match up today. Don't forget to cheer for the Mets. :)
Maybe this weekend since I soon have to full for a tix for Alix!
Go Pokes!!! Woo finally!
The snow goose need not bathe to make itself white. Neither need you do anything but be yourself. ~Lao-Tzu
Way to go!
What bill?
Hey there ! in #columbiaheights would love some of that #OMGFreeBenJerrys. We're a hungry, appreciative, bunch.
#thankyouJustin for your talant personality Smile and everythinng you do !! I love you no and Always Will Always Be a BELIEBER !!!
RT : Even our carnivorous meat-eating cats like vegan pumpkin pie. Better not try #vegan - you just might like it!
We all need a guy like Beau #duckdynasty anyways...yes most of them do.
Girls need to start searching for guys who have goals and crave success, cause 10 years from now, "swag" ain't gonna pay the bills.
- tequila is a great anitdote Leslie...and ice cream works too! Tomorrow is always better.
Great day of training at Universal...Received my Employee Turkey, Pumpkin Pie and Grocery Store Gift Card......Yay!!!!
Three more days without cable and internets...
S/O to the big homie stay blessed and keep grinding... Thanks for being a inspiration to the youth?
me 2 and john cena is gonna teach brock a little lession not to ever mess with him
“: Those girls who NEVER touched a basketball in there life ., tweeting about the all star game #sityoassdown” Right
Sometimes what you need is to avoid what you want.
I am going to Europe in a couple weeks!!
New episode of Deadliest Catch on tonight!! :)
As Dad used say, we're outta here like a herd o turtles.
when you add another kid your work multiplies by 20, not by 2
thank you for the
yes, huge and well deserved congrats on Dragonvale!! So stoked for you guys. I'm now. Relocating to SF soon. =)
CHEERS TO THAT! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082> RT Happy Birthday , enjoy your day pal!
That's about right RT : "Twitter Breaks News of Whitney Houston Death 27 Minutes Before Press"
I cannot wait til basketball season is over
Christina Aguilera betta have those cheeks bronzed honey! •snaps fingers•
Song 4 halftime ideas....#AC/DC, Hell's Bells! #SanDiego is the best place for Spring Break!
Have you ever tried Marukan Vinegar? Share your experience!
I've been fucking bitches getting money ya know. Where have you been!?
Signs of spring: fat old men trying to keep up with skinny young girls on their lunchtime run.
In some ways the world is cooler than when I was a kid. Though it was nice being able to freely roam a 3 mile radius at 8...
Make super sad commercials featuring Sarah McLachlan, who's only job is to make you feel terrible about yourself.
I'm in the same situation. it is hard to go to work when you're not happy. Good luck working it out.
How many people have NOT been punched by ?
Avia Napa - lovely hotel but really a 15 min wait just to order your breakfast, and another 20 to get it?
So great to hear. See you soon!
Holidays at the library mean a never ending supply of cookies. I am ok with that.
Blonde girls who go tanning and then wear orange!
Hitting up the Hideaway in Curtis Park tomorrow. Come by for a drink! 7pm like every Thursday. Cheers!
Likewish Babe! Hey I'm da ghost wit da most. lol Get my number from your inbox and call me.
will do some sort of contest to make it fair for everyone. Lot of steelers fan outside pittsburgh. Only the followers can win!!
Left eye was crazy yo
No one likes a suck up.
Loved seeing Ziggy Marley & Simon Pegg on The Daily Habit shoot today! :) Great sounds & Simon cracks me up so much! Super great fun!
were gonna go hard tonight in buffalo !!!
Blue Caps, Comets. Midnighters. Flames, Miracles....YES
yea I'm great!!! Hope all is well with u too!!
Which JK? RT : we have mutual friend in JK, no?
I know so little about politics that in past elections I've voted based solely on the attractiveness of the candidate.
THANKS GUYS -
Um, I spell it " ", but can I still rule the universe with you folks?
#familyfeud===> #steveharvey: name something you need to make #cupcAkes? man: ugh ugh ......PASS! lmfaoo
Ryan Braun should be suspended right now for cheating!
did you get the license plate number? I bet it was a woman. And a maroon impala.
Thanks! It's been a learning experience but it has been wonderful introducing these books & perspectives to students!
Cry myself to sleep last nite y I dnt kwn
Is there a difference between Max and Next? I cannot keep up with Zero is simple, I get it. Get with it, Pepsi.
So... it's 9am. Who's ready for another shower already? Baby, it's HUMID!
just a dream right now but it's a start
it used to be it was cool NOT to go. the day.
Is there a piece of jewelry that has been passed down in your family? "Like" this post and let us know about your favorite family heirloom!
Watching crazy, stupid love... For the third time!
So excited for #BowlORama tonight with all of my ad peeps. It's time for bowling, drinks, good friends, and good times.
Vegas, NBC, and Indianapolis!
YAY! I might see ya there :)
just don't invite Delia's kids...
RIP RT Just found out there's only 2 Dylan Stratton's in the whole United States and both live in Kentucky. Wow....
They're seeing a 66% faster resolution time for those already on Insight Online
so many retweets! so much love!
I hate when people shut off to they self like bitch if some wrg say that
George #Kottaras is clutch as F.
#thedowntownfiction is definitely one of our inspirations for out music <3
bet we gonna link up soon
yea ur rite but I'm not having kids lol yet
I only got a couple pictures of people #hatting :( I NEED more! Come on people! help me out(: Youll be on my background(: !!!
I love love <3 I aim to be like Blair Waldorf and fight for what I want.
Absolutely Murdering the game.
*flails arms* No being bored! Theres SO much to do!!!
Lord, Please guide me. Help me to stay on your path when the enemy tries to lead me astray.
np! If you have any specific follow ups feel free to ask away.
sounds like a plann:D
depended on if it's a real smile or not
on my ipod! love music! <3
I would add "Inspired Goofiness" to core skills and abilities important to higher ed!
How nice! Love to hear your thoughts.
if you have to ask, you'll never know. If you know, you need only ask.
Very cool! RT This just in: LP lavender featured in Nikkei Marketing Journal
Rolling out a whole ton o' new beers this week, starting today with Lager and Gonzo. Life is good.
ready for the games tonight!
u da funniest! :D
It looks like we've got ourselves a new lair to practice music in and hatch evil schemes from.
#cil11 Moved over to Track E for the beyond 23 Things session. Hoping for some new ideas.
AW EVAN !
This incomprehensible reality is so incomprehensible that any other incomprehensible reality seems comprehensible.
It's cold as fuck
The good news is most people can "live as brothers" in Memphis. That isn't a good headline, though.
and memphis tn
Within past 2-3 wks Obama secretly authorized covert US support for Libyan rebels (Reuters 3/30). But who the fuck ARE the rebels???
: Aight we movin! Actually might be outta here within next 30-45 < excited much?
Absolutely, the greatest version of 'Brown Sugar' w/o Bobby Keys. Keef's riffing @ the end is glorious!
wayne also taught me if you drowning in the pussy then swim to the Butt
RT : TRAVEL AGENT REMINDER: Win a cruise! Uniworld #cruisechat is tomorrow Thursday, 4/19 at 11 am PDT. Mark your calendars!
On my way to go see #TheAvengers with my #Batman gear
#imagine *at victoria secret w/ ur friend* u- hey, is this bra cute? Justin- *comes from behind* sexy! Selena- hey!
i can't its saturday night and they up in Dancing and Drinking...when you coming and do the same?
Only 5 more till 100 follow me i follow back!!
Definitely. What did you brew?
he's on 30 rock live!
1997 MAHOMIES(: I don't think we've talked before?
looks awesome
GET YOUR BUT IN REHEARSAL SON.
knows what i'm talking about. Hahaha.
(swooning at the thought of Dean's papers). Tam Lin is one of my all-time favorite comfort books. Great news!
Looks like your Kangs believe in Jimm...now you have gotta bruh! Tyreke isn't a leader anyhow
Lookin for my paktah pasha. I got couple candidets and they look great
Just think how much scarier this lineup becomes with a hot Nelly Cruz...*shudders in fear for opposing pitchers*
happy thanksgiving everyone im thankful for all 3 of my kids and my beautiful feance vicki i love thwm all for life
it's been storming for the last couple of days. Do you have family here or you just like visiting? What's new in Texas?
awesome Karl, is this from one of your recent residencies?
ITS THROW BACK THURSDAY:)
I NEVER heard #Hankjr call obama Hitler- did y'all? Nope, cause he didn't! Maybe he was referring 2 Boehner? Didn't see that coming did ya?!
#fridayreads Sunrise Over Fallujah by Walter Dean Myers-- a sad read for my YA Lit class!
Thanks for the shoutout!
Meaty meal free coupon
#geekend #fa111 #transmedia storytelling via "deeper level of engagement with fans, longer engagement with fans"
#What is a goblin to a goon??? Js
you can dm me(;
-- Come get Some
Very nice - thanks!
I am soo freaking pissed! first yesterday, the guys behind me kept making fun of me 'cause im fat and today, my dad tells me that he (c)
everyday i think about you, you never escape my thoughts. Even though your gone i can feel you. In loving memory emily.
Small updates made to Snoclothing.com!!!!! Contact us at "SNO" clothing if your looking for a school discount.
yeah me too!
Watching a old school childhood movie
dm the info
Went through my entire house picking up all the change I could find.. Found $20 :D
Can't get on tweetdeck because of all my computer resource issues so I feel like i'm on twitter for DOS. :(
definitely. the #cowboys outperformed expectations throughout the last three weeks.
I was in juvenile court today for the arraignment of three Woodburn H.S. students, accused of setting fire to their school. See you at 5 & 6
God picked me up in a cab last night....we had a wonderful conversation over some Henny and a couple beers!
Obama czar refuses to retract paper urging government to &#39;Infiltrate ...
can I own MHB's picture on fb as my twitter background? :3
Kudos to students who are part of this project, believing what we are doing is revolutionary for tech-enhanced #Chinese language learning
": "Greatness is within you." - #CFALeadercast" this is a platform all MBAs should use
This coming Monday the 12th I will be at F. Scott's Jazz Bar playing solo. Come out and enjoy some tunes!
Anyone in the Pittsburgh area? Come for free snacks tomorrow at 7PM at the Greentree Radisson! Learn how you can make an income with snacks!
lol it's fine no biggy
Please follow Its the page for my upcoming internet radio station. Looking to get your music played, send me an email.
Kobe, Blake, or Ramon. Step up.
How can you win a winter getaway from ? Stay tuned!
it says it is removed by the user?
Heading to the Chicago #ompf tonight!
Bout to hit the workout.....all day everyday
damn right!!!!
being ignored is one of my pet peeves, that shit makes me irritated, mad, sad, upset, etc.
We need people from the communicative disorders field to serve as scholarship judges! E-mail Laura
: London, Italy, Spain.. Hmm I need a summer trip!" OOB!!!
im thinking of running State Representative from the 2nd
Pretty clear that the national media has picked the Giants over the #Packers. The East Coast bias will never end....sigh.
Richard Pryor's "Is It Something I Said?" has to be in the top 5 all time comedy releases. The material is classic Rich.
really...? That surprises me. I'd love to hear about that. It's a big change....
woowww i logged of to eat food and watch some movies and when i returned you guys went from 100 to 163 ty guys you're :D
He has like 85,000 series going at once.
Completely insulted that a student turned in a paper plagiarized from Wikipedia. If you're going to cheat, at least use a quality source!
i dont feel good at all. hope i get to talk to him :)
How dare you take that $ from gvt workers!RT We made history early this morning.Cut $100 billion from this year's spending plan
This is to the Mahomies that will always be by Austins side RT if you will always be there for him (:
Wow. It sucks that much money can go such a shitty family. “: From earlier this week: Kardashians Sign $40 MILLION Deal with E!”
Follow , this man is about to explode. Much love to our fam down unda! - Mendez
Wake me up when September ends -Green Day
Spotify For iPad Is Music to Our Ears [REVIEW] - Mashable
lol no I don't recommend that. How's the set?
PS We will pick up Unaffiliated food if you want something we don't offer online. We just delivered Popeyes today! Cash only
They mad at our love lol RT : I've just found the girl of my dreams!!!!! Oh how I love me some ----->
So like I can't order the roh ppv cause the website is messed up O.o
Tday is officially the last day of Winter. I talked w/ ppl about what they'll take away from this odd season.Report will air tmrrw CCO Radio
I'm watching it on youtube. I haven't seen No Direction Home. Been meaning to though. Heard good things.
About to fly out to England to find out if there is any truth to this Kris Boyd rumor!
Hoosier Pride! RT CLASS ACT for fans to give everyone a standing ovation.. why Pacers fans are the best, they show respect.
yep! Find me. I double dog dare you.
Working on new flavors now Clint but want to make sure they are perfect for our Moonshiners. Stay tuned. Shine responsibly!
OH and Happy Birthday to my amazing friend and sister from another mistress <3333333 I LOVE YOU BBY
“: wash that bad boy down with some Schlitz!”the beer that made Milwaukee famous!
THE VILLAS at the Red River Stage, 4pm today! PecanStreetFest
I gave +K about Social Media on
Hello Twitter! :)
we've got ismet prcic signing at the booth #84 NOW! winner of LA Times Debut Fiction Prize!
Questioning people ask so others know. Curious people ask so they know.
which im assmuing means its not raining and cloudy for 10 out of the last 12 days.
Tangled Snatch - Brad Pitt runs around and blathers incoherently while a cartoon chick gets.. wait for it ... HAIRY! Yeah .. that happened
Start the weekend now two hands up .,,,
I know right. This is good stuff.
Unfortunately, I got sick. D: ALWAYS. AHH.
Why say you hate your family? You will always need them no matter what happens! #lovedon'thate
Yeah, I refuse to pay for cable. But puppies would be 72384842863 xs better than this crap.
nah, fb is too mainstream and I'll get depressed if I get no likes. Lol.:p
When is your next FREE ADMISSION DAY??
Track meet today!
When you wanna say somthing. Buh dnt know how to <<<<<
Gah. Gotta start packing, cleaning and shopping for my trip.
actually since we haven't got that many&not that many lawlorffs are aware of this we will be accepting them till nextfriday
MT : Enjoyed round 1 as guest judge 's #SlowCooker chili cook off. Chefs brought their A game today.
Oh no, there's #HomerSimpson squirrels now?
Taco's is my Shit
Cube shut up
please move back to KC. :)
Happy Mothers Day!!!!
Thanks for last night ;) x
Please do give a question, love to feature it! Email to . Open for lunch anytime.
Thanks! And BTW love the image from Asimov's Futuredays! I was first introduced to it by
It's happy hour!!! #NHL playoffs all night!!
that rocks! love that and i could refire your awesome mojo..we're gonna make magic happen
My gr8tst fear is not my WEAKNESS..Its my strength I FEAR most...M not afraid of DARkness...M afraid of my LyT which d world cant SustAIn...
Woo 200 followers
will never follow me ! But you gotta #NeversayNever && #Believe :)
Good morning. Thank you for shopping with us this Tuesday morning.
Long day, big exam tomorrow : (
you have no idea how much I hope you will follow me one day ;D
#jaleos in #Vegas at the #cosmopolitan hotel is #amazing #tapas! My face place to eat here!
how bout nahhhht hhahaha I make a policy of not fighting football players
thank you!! :D
On this year's KyCC Agenda: Social Enterprise, Service Learning Webinars, Increased Marketing, and Expanded Resource Development
I get sad when SpongeBob cries.
Thanks for following back :)
I didn't have a goodnight sleep. :¢
Cassadee Pope with Rian from ATL on drums and Runner Runner on guitars. Is this real life??!!
Going back & watching some of my tape from the water bill hearing. City Auditor Robert McCarty won't make any of the newscasts tonite, but..
help me step my #internet game up lol
I've web playing Xbox since 12..
Credit Card Issuing in the US Industry Market Research Report Now Available from IBISWorld
I love the sound of power tools in the morning.
Happy first day back to school everyone! Drive the speed limit in school zones, they will be giving tickets & keep our kids safe.
1.it is nice out 2. people are vain :\ their shirts will come off
A message from our leader Oscar Hamilton: DEATH TO ALL HUMANS!!!
my heart hurts !
shes so sexy
Freaking Patty Mills baby!
I am also in a room with women prisoners.
oh i'm glad..and thank you so much! i hope you have a wonderful and blessed Christmas :)
woke up with a headache!
There are free options available. Don't forget, YouTube has editing software. Try it out.
Congratulations, I will go visit it and leave a comment. Tell me please, who is your most inspiring author?
uh yes! This wedding. Well it won't be in Texas lol even tho that's where my boo just graduated. Still Pink in Paris lol
Listening to - "Quit hunting and start giving. Give because you want to give."
Yuu Saw His Stuff Juss Got Blocked A Little Bit Ago Lol.He Miqht Get Off But We'll Keep The Lead N The End. But We'll See !
haha I just Andrew at the school getting his equipment
What the teacher is, is more important than what he teaches. ~Karl Menninger
playoffs picks?
hahahahahah I was the biggest cock block ever. But it's get fault. Sorry ! :)
If fair use goes to WTO is would be a test of a specific court ruling, rather than a sweep of the entire concept.
God means it when He says He will enlarge your territory and take you to new heights if you trust Him. this is ME, the queen of lonely.
La Fitness is NOT open yet... but soon. Still don't have their Cert of Occupancy. Hopefully later today or tomorrow. Post to come soon...
we should jam some time...
Her body is a wonderland!
smh> ppl who wear redlipstick foundation caked on, colored eyeliner, and fake lashes to go running #workingout or
I Agree With You Sweetie
I love Pike Place--I have family in Seattle, and we visit the city every few years. It's a great place.
talking about twitter as work collab tool
All are very hard questions to answer. I honestly feel like I have two different lives and unfortunately there is no way to combine them.
I WONDER IF WOULD EVER RT THIS AND MAKE?MY NIGHT!!! :D
Was great having in the studio yesterday. Interview and a couple live cuts on Seattle Sounds on Sunday at 3 p.m.
not really Like our new crew
i need you so much closer
Urban Meyer gets $26 mil. OSU "student-atholeets" can't even get a free tattoo. "Oh that is brilliant sir!"
They say 50 is the new 30 — not in age, in money: $50 is now worth about $30.,
I love your new online look!
heh, yeah it<U+02BB>s pretty spot on. especially Koreans.
AMEN TO THAT <U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>IT'S GONNA BE FINE<U+2755><U+2755>SO NO LOBSTER N SHRIMP???
Me to daniela you like pulling on your pubs maddie to daniela u like eating your pubs james to daniela wouldn't they get stuck in ur braces
Definitely wearing connecticut casual at a black-tie wedding, either way it doesnt matter, I dont look as good as tonight
nothing much just creating master peaces.. hows the music coming ?
So wtf will the game be?
when we chillin
I can not picture u with braces
i hate you
I want a date night <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB>
Only thing I'll say is Cal better get the UNC rivalry back. That's the OoC rivalry younger fans care about.
.... Not even gonna lie. I would kill for the new Canon Mark I. KFFKSSJYVEHJBD. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Dude I guess you'll have to do a solo mission on some fat ass little blunts! Ha
also recommend news360. Will change ur life. Ok not really but it's a really good news source.
Not quiet in a bad way. U were never one to ramble on with the microphone as i recall hope u found the experience valuable.
Sunday brunching with and
I got it but I'm at workk -__-
how. dare. you.
i hear you. Lol. wow, RIP Freaky Tah. Thats what's up tho, gone but not forgotten...
the awkward moment when you walk in your house and the nude scene from titanic is playing in your kitchen.
those weren't the words? RT We didnt know the words to that Eiffel 65 song so we sang "Im blue if I was green I would die"...
Where do you see the #Knicks going this year?
Need help finding a great #NYC Apartment? Send me a message, I'd love to help!
im ready! Haha i have one, skype is biznass.
despite claims to the contrary, there are many similarities between shops. Ppl could cater the manual to local practice 2/2
I love when a man try and take me for grated because at the end he is the one who gets Fuck<U+270C><U+270C><U+270C>
Our focus at is soley on the #Anacostia neighborhood of #Ward8. We are happy to celebrate 20+ years here.
Movie day. Got to see how my melancholia expressed in a movie Melancholia.
looking forward to meeting in the near future.
. hoppin' with for pre in-store!
Need sum cheerin up : (
How many more classes do you have? RT : LAST CLASS LAST CLASS LAST CLASS
two words. CRAIGS. LIST. ;)
what tools?
RT : If Kobe gets hurt mike brown should jump off a bridge
March Madness right now on AM 1550 KIVA. TRAILING BY ONLY 5! Harvard coming back 70-65!
Diane Ramirez thanks Halstead team of brokers & staff for a record setting year.
Elise Testone will win American Idol. Stage presence will prevail over the best voices; Jessica & Joshua. Colton & Phillip will make big $
Just finished helping a small company with their network setup!
what happened to u?
LMFAO backup dancer <3 best band/group ever !!!!
dishes and some picking up b4 diaper party :) live is good less then 39 days till Spenc is due to arrive lil upside down baby boy!!
thank you! “: great tasting today at the Andaz Hotel NYC. Thank you!”
still pretty funny.. and shit u can't hold anything back gotta go for what u want
Congrats! You will be an asset to their board.
Quiz: Hunger Games Quiz
Scott Johnston has a fine quote in the millard west yearbook.:)
-we need ya man
Do it! Then tell us all about the behind-the-scenes stuff!
I was doing my own thing cause u wanted to be on the phone.
CHICAGO: Need a MOBILE SITE DEVELOPER: on-site, 40 hours, freelance. Please send resume and samples to .
Of coarse!:)-Kelly xoxo
Yup, then we smash a soft pretzel over one's head, punch one in the gut, & take one's wallet & run away screaming "PHILLY!!!"
Be careful of the type of relationship that you have with your co-workers. You never know when you may have to lead them.
I'll be watching. The Bosh injury will make it a little more exciting.
if OOP films qualify...The Third Man
The public presentation for the Navy Pier designs is free of charge.
": love you babe(:" love you too buff <3
My brother's friend was in a #drinking-related car accident the other night and has been unconscious since. Hopefully he's OK.
Gardening with my mom! What do you have planned for Mother's Day weekend?
RT #askanything: Classic Rock or Classic R&B? // flip a coin
a gift of dicking down woman is also a curse cause u can't get them to leave u alone.
I see (: ahah thanks .
FYI is a local hot sauce you have to try, get down to Besaw's on NW 23rd and enjoy a great meal with a killer Hot Sauce.
Mani/pedi yesterday, facial today. I'm loving summer vaca!
I'm heading off to sleep, so good to talk to you. Your little grandson is adorable, love seeing his pics on fb!
Thank you so much! We'll be in around one. I'll let you know when we arrive.
I too had an amazing time. Can't wait to retouch and get them sent out! Thanks again love.
I know, i'm excited already. So where u teaching? smcc??
Looks like stepped on a female landmine.
James King just mentioned As We May Think! Geek crush!
Close those eyes and listen to the sounds, that's god talking to you.
I want Jimmy Neutron's Brain, Phineas & Ferb's Summer, Timmy Turner's Goldfish.
Yes Yes Yes!! RT : I want a new red dress
I am soo bored right now .. like fr
Just learned at the LMA conference that the Average open rate for email campaigns to clients is 18-21%. What's yours?
i volunteered to buy 4 tickets for a group and now i wont even be in town. so im gonna get screwed, lol.
just lucky. LOL
When I get home, I'm drinking 18 beers.
Push a bullet into your skin VERY SLOWLY. If it starts to hurt, you're not bulletproof.
Meeting with Andrew for CC processing capabilities.
I heard it was really good and also it was bad lol so idk if I wanna see it or not
I DON'T KNOW IM SO CONFUSED!!! Bc now I can follow you. I'd be upset at the difficulties, but the problem is solved.
Hate being sick:/
Its the grand opening! And there's a Mexican hotdog cart! I know what's for lunch now xD
I love Conan O'Brien! I wanna put a baby in him. And Scarlet Johansen.
Gorgeous weather... time to get tanned!!!
What a great start to the week! #SMG is on the w/ David Letterman tonight and #Ringer's all NEW tomorrow at 9 on CW20!
Just because we got the ball back doesn't make it the right decision. 95 yards to go, less than 2 minutes. Chances we get a TD?
Congrats on the new baby!!!
T plush is the best, Fxck yeah brewers!!!!!
That's the only answer, really.
what a jerk! Hope your day gets better!
The rights of U.S. AUTHORS to foreign copyright royalties are enshrined in the Berne Convention to which the United States is a signatory.
What new movies are out worth going to see???...
Wow! What a great weekend! We hope you enjoyed Milwaukee Irish Fest as much as we did! Slainte!
I want a cookie dough ice cream sandwich! Lol.
Thanks! &def good company! ;)
the packets were sent to the mailing systems today!
almost got coke zero up my nose, that!
DONT MAKE ME THE BLAME FOR YOUR WEAKNESS. STOP BEING SCAREY & STAND UP TO YA GIRL FOR ONCE BITCH NIGGA!
white power?!
lol um hum that's what they all say! It wasn't my fault! U know u wanted them lips lol *spongebob face*
good morning mermaid fans... Happy St. Patrick's Day....
We're looking for new #clients. Will the next one be #oomf?
when will you be in chicago?!?
if you love justin please follow me I support him from his first song till his last song so please follow i donate 10 cents2pop
exactly. & there's the backward thinking of squashing music ed in the u.s. but expecting new music to be created.
This Titan scroll article on pot is hilarious!
EXPERIENCED RETAIL PROFESSIONAL seeking District, Multi-Site, Territory, Area or Regional Manager position for the new year! Call me, Email…
My Chemical Romance forever!!!<3..Happy Birthday Gerard Way!!!=D
Damn! I totally forget to mention it Joe! My bad!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING from all of us at B! Enjoy the holiday & we'll be here for your shopping munchies! Friday & Sat 12pm-8pm, Sun 12pm-5pm
My surgeon says I should get my jaw re-opened in late April, early May, so let's all hang out then. Yay?
Personal development is your springboard to personal excellence.
your right....it was a flagrant foul
I want some baked cookies!(:
And i actually missed my twitter
Boom! The avengers was so badass. Hell yea.
Hoping we can use one of your great Tweets for our new video project. Message me please. Thanks
Getting the word from
It doesn't say the GOP is paying them, it says the Senate. I'd say the secrecy oath is malfeasance, but I am no lawyer.
Fine Rockford. Be 80 degrees next weekend. I will still crush your marathon.
Omg I'm so bored
Grand Opening of the Exhibits, happening NOW outside the Exhibit Hall! Exhibits will be open until 5:00pm today.
Recent transplant to LA, miss P Terry's on an hourly basis! What program are you in? Soc grad here!
...the IMPORTANT things i sacrifice my time for, like learning something.
Main/Home first
What a wonderful life I<U+0092>ve had! I only wish I<U+0092>d realized it sooner
I wish I was 5 again -.-
and FYI you still doing your radio work?
u rite I apologize ladies. Cus although I call u bitches I'm still proud of my sisters!
next time I have some I'll give you some! And FLAN! Oh man I want some flan.. Why? Because I do! Lol
The flu is going around. Make sure to drink your Vitamin C and keep some hand sanitizer on hand. You don't want to catch this awful stuff.
Yes he messed up big time
Im a xian, geographer, and have volunteered at LL. Would love to discuss IJM's web initiatives and web maps.
Kicking off Ivy Tech's remedial education redesign and grant in IN
how many wives shows are there?
Delta Apparel Reports Record First Quarter FY12 Results - MarketWatch (press release)
"no playoffs tonight. You're going home just like us." -dion phaneuf. Love the mics on the ice.
Don't forget to follow today an check out their website. W.projectreachworld.com.
Everybody check out She is such a cutie (Even if she is a Geelong supporter :P )
Stand back. I'm about to get up in der. cc/
I agree with this! Super importantRT : Tweeting enhances communication; it forces us to get to the point.
I guess hoes will always be hoes, but I couldn't blame tammy.
Send my prayers to Dan Wheldon's family his wife and kids and driver who will be truly missed
Pleasure seeing/meeting everyone at #slnsolsummit - commence long drive to upstate NY!
that's what road trips are about! The memories!
Good luck!! You're having a great season... keep it going!
is talking about Mirandas crash right now!!
Well. Let's get this blood bath out of the way! I say 5 minutes into the game and I start drinking...heavily.
If we don't change, we don't grow. If we don't grow, we aren't really living. Gail Sheehy
Great! Can't wait to see you. We have some great sessions lined up!
Everyone is just jealous of me
I'm not in the mood
Estonian web archive Jaanus Kõuts, National Library of Estonia
I've never seen as many effortless wins for teams playing the , you can't win with that many walks and errors
Congrats to the #Winterhawks for their first-round playoff sweep!
M...fresh nectarines at .59/lb...I'm lovin' summer so far!
Looking forward to bring free & open source software into US government!!
all i really do is walk on the treadmill and use the eliptical for like an hour and it's not doing anything really + i get bored.. lol
I'm headed to West Palm Beach to show at Sunfest. If you are in the area stop by my booth. mention twitter and get a free print.
lmao!!!!! I swear I thought Gretchen said he like managed or something like that
when did you move to Boston?
Grant me the serenity to accept the people I cannot change, the courage to change the one I can, & the wisdom to know it's me. AuthorUnknown
WH chief of staff Daley says earlier presidential primaries causes polarization & makes it harder to get things done in DC
Interesting note implied that the OH school shooting wasn't a bullying issue. I wish someone would get their facts straight!
#LasVegas - today in 1964, the #Elvis movie "Viva Las Vegas" premiered
Watching "How to cut college costs" on … since I'm a recent grad and currently jobless, I'm glad I made choices to stay debt-free.
squirt is nasty lol
yeah into a house with a hot tub yo!
yay! it lives!
That sounds about right from Wiseau....
Oh shit, Sex just entered the twitter playing field (sorry for cussing)
did get fired ?! Oh yeah ya did LOL
good morning *waits for replies*
A relationship built entirely on physical pleasure has shallow roots
we're working on our thesis paper..........
HIT SQUAD STARTED ALL THAT AND KEBO GOTTI SHUD PUT ONE BTW HIS EYES...WAKA
true, twitter has been the primary traffic driver lately. Still, the RSS aggregators still seem to drive a decent amount.
Sorry Charlie, be safe on the road.
Can we get a big twitter welcome to Journal staff photographer Marla Brose!
You ever had one of those Late nights where you spend it thinking about them -->
I say the cutest things (':
thanks for the add ! how have you been?
what's the number? and do i call and have him here me sing or what?
hahaha good company is always important!! Thanks again!
Because I know I am. LOL
Good Morning! Sunshine is out, not very warm though, and we are open today for the holiday. Come visit us if you can!
The old 'number'. did you mean the old 'number'?
God, is a fucking lame ass fag. -_- why do I love him?
Our minds & thoughts are actually our worst enemy.
I begin my day w love in my heart, bc I AM love! How does you day begin?
I don't even want to think about that right now..
Hey Chris, Hope ALL!!!...is well with "THE ONE HUNDRED CLUB"...I know it means alot. BP
lol next time I see ya of course!
From : What do they know, who do not of cricket anything know? (via CLR James)
I am yo daddy. Wea u at
Guenther takes us on a brief tour of id. loc. gov
did u get a chance 2 check out the cd???
TRAFFIC: Spinout: WB Belt @ John Nolen - out of traffic
Load Tester PRO(TM) 5.0 Generates Unlimited Virtual Users - MarketWatch (press release)
lol im sorry man but that made me lmao while I was watching the game
More cool social peeps to follow
Hey MKE...at least the sun is shining :)
At Rutgers Univ Newark for the RU Pride Intolerance Forum. Listening in on convo about bullying in schools
Every "GOOD" girl has a freaky side
just wait to see how you feel at 3:30...good luck!
If you hang up on my face that's the last time you'll EVER talk to me. POINT BLANK
That V8 I had this morning...yea...
Going to quote 3 verses in the New World Translation to identify three controversies addressed by St. Basil in "On the Holy Spirit."
Image entertainment's pr team is handling screeners! Drop them a line!
Same here :) “: no prob! Always like seeing another fellow Christian succeed! :)”
do you have a name for that? :)
Nike stands by its product as the debate over whether #baseball bats caused #college power outage continues bizjournals.com/portland/morni…
No drop box, but interesting idea...For now, donations can be dropped off M-F from 9am-4:30pm
#IAlwaysWonderIf I look blitz
I hear ya my man!! Where's you laying your head down? I'm chillin iny N.Y. Come tear it up with me my boys in NY some time!
You obviously still like him if you talk to him still.
I really love the band The Head and The Heart :)
never goes on twitter anymore. :(
have an awesome day!
ok why not ha
Working the Adele show
now following back HI!!! ;p
Congrats to Thai's first female premier. #We run this World,,,,,GIRLS
1 week till baseball season.
At the wine exchange, checking out the fab greek food at mediterrano! Yelp review to come ;)
#MIXTAPE #1 is off to printers. Once they're finished we'll announce the new pub. date. #iBooks version drops next week and looks AMAZING!
Watching reruns of glee I love the comments the names they call others "chunks mcgrittle."
is HAPPY I LOVE
Angry citizen calls today are all mad cos their yards are flooded and they blame the city. Say whaa? Mine's flooded too. Sheesh.
In addition to the FOE and its cross-branding venture with NASCAR, The Iron Eagle will be working with Fueled by the Fallen.
So just told me that pretended to be on the phone with me. You got me this time, Alan ;]
yeah I'm doing the same shit
Hahahahahaha omg I'm dying lol I forgot about that lol
I'm hella about to catch some zzzzzs.
conversations with are always nice.
How are you? and your welcome
Drake is going in right now imagine if the album didn't leak
"Get out there & network! You never know who you're going to meet." so freaking true!!!!!
send a few #Clippers fans my way, my man! You rile them up in person, I'll take care of them on twitter!
Do you still need a #Bella for your family Cause i would love to take that Role
I love you so much. I can't wait for Paradise!
Fire your old teachers who said you couldn't make it in acting. Continuing to study with them won't help you book a job!
Finishing Lillian Ross' HERE BUT NOT HERE MY LIFE WITH WILLIAM SHAWN AND THE NEW YORKER and soon to begin THE FUN OF IT.
Haha and Carlos and James :) <U+2665> &&& its okayy!!!
oh my grande! Ur the sweetest and kindest ever! Ur a Minnie Ariana! I love u so much! AHH! Xo<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
The new MP Pixel-Micro will have over 23,000 individual brushstrokes and over 65 unique colors! A 48"x60" original dramatic statement!
That's depression, dude. Best-o-luck.
there's no way i'm getting this lab done.
A hello to the readers from Iraq...:)
whats the number to call the radio station??
Can't stop playing #fifasoccer on #psvita. I hate that game.
#FF and big #shoutout to my amazing friend --> follow her now she is so great u won't regret it!!
got a check list going there?
Hangin with amber today!
That, or I'm 100% of the reporters and anchors nightside...
Strauch is trying to get Bronson to admit her car was a deadly weapon. Bronson says no because she didn't intend it to be used that way.
ahahha it's barely morning over here :)
lol FUCK MAN .. Imma be in there all damn day
Cooking up mac-n-cheese for six kids. I've got three boys...who are these other kids? Having a great Summer! You?
Stab Blake
The pennant race is over. Time to play the kids....... Wait a minute, its only April.
DID I MISS IT
Yes, when all else fails, exercise more! That's my motto. :-)
REGARDLESS of weather your bio says u folow back, i STILL ask for a follow back! lots of times i havent askd and te person DIDNT follow back
Wow. The horse with the alcoholic name won. That's AWESOME.
- 'Hope all is well with you and fam! Update is when u can pls? :)
Let's go Blue Shirts send a message in the third period.
Root Sports is channel 687 on Directv What channel is "roots" on direct tv?
I am a bit disappointed with my time 4:48 (unofficial), but I am happy that I ran and finished the Marine Corps Marathon.
wearing sunglasses on a rainy day.... a clear sign of a hangover
Would it help if I told you that Friday seems to have started without a hitch?
Heading to audition for Army Wives on Lifetime....
Avengers was awesome. Ready for Free Comic Book Day tomorrow.
where the hoes at
I cannot sleep
I'm seeing Maps of Time: Data As Narrative at SXSW 2012.
I've been wanting to try that, how do you like it?
Looking for #Solaris #Unix #Administrators for full time roles in
It feels like rain is coming.
Every time I get a meatball sub from subway I burn my tongue.
What's going on #PDX? Have you hade your #BroadwayCab today? www.broadwaycab.com
That's the opener on "The Tour" I sent out last week.... pretty bad ass tune....
When did Norv become such a stats geek?
I do too; I lost my blue blazer when I was 21 and moved to NYC.
Good morning my friends
People always assume my black ass is African lol
lmfao u gay hell and awww
that deserves a big congrats!
"You must remember that some things legally right are not morally right." from Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches by G. Leidner
My TNT movie Hide re airs today @ noon & I'm getting a DVD as well.
The had 23 assists last night. Congrats to 4 the closest guess- enjoy your Zipcar waterbottle!
you're welcome! Thank you :)
Get it right if you're gonna call me out. Bananas are obviously a fruit, but they are also a berry
CountDown to Believe Album 48 Days 6Hours and 41 min , RT if u r excited!!!
Thank you, Erika!
I need a new boyfriend ;) <U+2665>
I may have to go to the CWS!
To be the best, you have to believe you can be.
I count on my fingers in math class...I lie sometimes to hide the pain...
TGIF! Happy brewing :)
I always thought randy marsh was the secret weapon of but the real sleeper may be mr mackey (S15E3) "as, of course, is tradition"
thank you so much!!!
Good morning!
seriously? get over WWW. Its not that serious.
I'm proud that you used correct grammar lol but I'm always proud of you either way. Can't wait to hear it :) xx
Even though I did all the work.
Twitter work
always lol its hump day and i am going to
[Plurk] riajose shares love me, hate me... say what you want about me... ALL THE BOYS AND ALL THE GIRLS ARE BEGGING TO IF YOU SEEK..
Just married Kristine + Howie in the beautiful Crystal Springs Rhododendron Gardens. Congratulations Kristine + Howie!
my phone battery sucks. #ihateverizon I want an
Congrats to on winning this year's Distinguished Alumnae Award from Columbia Biz School and Columbia Women in Biz!
If you have some respect for people as they are, you can be more effective in helping them to become better than they are. ~John W. Gardner
Ain't no thang young fella, if I didn't think you were capable you know I wouldn't be f_ckin' with you!!!
I don't have your number! So I can't, so get at me!
ugh, not too happy.
nice, I'll be getting the new Apple TV next week for sure.
and we Luv you man!
Tech services in an archive as possible profession? Or creating the user interface for the archival techs? Decision, decisions.
Walking on water and running on waves.
What a shot by Bubba Watson on the second playoff hole.
just drivong around
nice to c u last night!
Diet and Fitness
Random thought: who invented kissing? And do you think they were really bad at it the few times around?
An important tip from Pay attention to the metrics!
better late than never! And there was still beer!
volunteer !! It's hands down the best place to volunteer...you save lives!
really? i love them!
A Walk To Remember <3
he's sitting next to me and I feel inadequate
i am trying to learn flash. Do you have, or know of any good tutorials? preferably tutorials on aqw stuff
Thx & others - SO grateful for your support & enthusiasm!
Shhhh...it's still sleeping right now. ;)
His heart was stronger than a heavy metal bullet.
a different song every night, Possibility, Perfect Chemistry, My Dream, Unforgettable, Little Things, and Moment in Time...
Never lose an opportunity of seeing anything beautiful, for beauty is God's handwriting. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Dolphins are so smart that within weeks of captivity, they can train people to stand on the very edge of the pool and throw them fish?
I'm not making the move first I tried already
RT : The main impact of Flipboard for medias? Social... and $60M
Tip #214: Husbands, pray over your wife (out loud) and speak words of love, gentleness, & encouragement to her.
On your written reco, I made the Wolfert cassoulet recipe. Only took 5 months (made my own confit & pancetta) worth the wait! thx!
"What is a miracle?"
Yuhh birthday night with
Choose to pick and package your thoughts, feelings, focus, beliefs and actions around the future you want, not the past you've had.
Very well said. Thank you for that. Spot on!
You in Vegas?
True interdisciplinary discussions prevail in #hcil BB. How to integrate AI elements (eg. NLP), social tech, + affective computing?
You kno what happened last time?.. ;)
Unlike my pal, I didn't get a sufficient base burn the other day. Going to rectify that in 2 hours.
[2/5] They are in their first 10 yrs out of law school and "early accomplishments indicate they will be tomorrow's top lawyers and leaders”
Work, physical, dance! Busy day. Next 5 people to follow me; ill help you get more followers!
I got such a long way to go, so I ride like the wind.
I was talking about green day's albums
When my moms asks me about misa<<
Still working hard on our site. Weve hit some snags setting up our webstore so were so sorry about the delay and thanks for your patience.
I love hot summer days. Straight from the pjs to your bathing suit.
#FF - Talented, hard working and inspiring!! You will love his tweets and his work!
OK, now how do I select multiple files and drag? I can select, but when I drag it starts re-selecting.
Cinnamon. Toast. Crunchin' :)
day light saving's is f***** up. Why does it have to get dark at 5:30?
Building a beautiful 2010 SP today with full 2010 Ultegra components. Such a hot looking bike. I think Shimano is onto something.
try Lincoln park!
Good Morning! It's my day off today so I won't be getting my 9-5 badge, but that's alright bc I need a day off. Happy
You guys, timeline & new gmail aren't that bad. Quit complaining and get back to the serious stuff: like this tummyache I have!!!
happy Wednesday!!!
All this talk about eggs and no one bothered making me breakfast?!?!? *bangs table*
: don't do that
did today go any better for you?!?!?
No he doesn't. Hard to be bullied if your the bully.
washing clothes then pack !!!
Good luck to #UMass Lacrosse as they take on Drexel in the CAA Championship game tonight. Go Minutemen!
Aint religious but just once....i am praying. C mon Newcastle, hang in there fellas
on designing sites in photoshop "Static mockups fail by definition" -> Solution: prototype in the browser.
you really make me wish i was in florida or closer but i dont know anyone that makes me feel this happy or special:))
Question: If you have love for someone but they could never feel it tell me if its any good?
Happy Fathers Day to all the dads out there!!
You can eliminate that gift with a Scentsy Scent Circle in the car.
yes I have surfed there a few times
Big volleyball game tonight: James River vs Cosby girls . Game at JRHS @ 7:00. Come out and see!
Thanks for the RT! Have a great week!
today just doesn't feel like a good day.
yay! Thank you my love! Ps no new news yet. :/ hope to know something soon!
Recollection looks so easy and useful
I don't think some fans realize how important it is to have home court
what was the big announcement?
You <U+2197> You <U+2199> You <U+2192> You <U+2193> You <U+21AA> You <U+21AB> You <U+21B2> You <U+21AF> You <U+21B1> You <U+21B6> and You <U+21B4> Follow for THE BEST SAYINGS on TWITTER.
Will do!
I hate HR
oh, ok, so well it sounds like you'll be buzy, 2 jobs & school, oh and twitter I almost forgot... lol
What's the asking price?
I've been comatose since my run-in with on Monday. I think Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding has changed my life.
does she shake from withdrawl?
True story about Havel and Dylan in Prague, Czech Republic, 2003. Gorski told me NOLA.
We've got far too many hung juries and not enough hung defendants.
RT : A1Spending more time on tactical activities than up front planning
Why r we getting snow in march
thanks for following us!
Grilling with Denny Sherman
i wouldnt mind getting those i never own a pair and i need basketball shoes for school
Thinking bout whts finna go down in this kitchen when I get home
People are saying your gonna regret your decisions, and I think you are, Come see me now :) haha Next!
flew home to Miami to be with his wife on birth of their child, congratulations and safe delivery. Hurry back mate we need u.
Sometimes frustration is productive/critical part of learning process. Learning not always fun or comfy. how to balance?
Ugh why am I breaking out :(
ah, just how people fake religious faith, being trapped in a denomination, etc. I can't wait to get back to school +see you
um blanket is for the chills I will get as I read. Of course...
so whats the news???? U haven't told me yet!!!
Enjoying aasl, too busy to tweet, learning about e-books, meeting authors, vendors, seeing relatives I haven't seen in 15 years
nope not gonna happen sir!! lol
Technological progress is like an axe in the hands of a pathological criminal.
Enjoyed "Hells Bells" by AC/DC on Pandora
congrats josh on your historic week, now stay in tx!
turkey chili its hot out but you cant stop a craving!
New on Washington in Mission Hills grand opening scheduled 3/29. Wine tasting fundraiser 3/28 for
If you're not familiar with the original, it's an old-school dungeon crawler in the style of the Wizardry series but with a JRPG aesthetic.
": Until we have better standards, morals and values... Better men and women won't be produced in this world."
Trying to get that swag, huh?
Another day to thank him for waking me up today.
cool, we played in hell. Pretty cool setup
i wish the old adage 'what happens in vegas stays in vegas' didnt apply and someone could fill me in as to what happened.. haha
It will, I promise love!!!
RT : Tweets are like water -- they will flow through any pipe you put them through
its a freaking saturday... im off for once and i aint doing shit!!! smh!
Hey you guys have spots for holiday blowouts and trims?? Who's in? The little jewel box salon is so cute!
awesome! Yeah, I went through that same thing. They sure don't make it easy! Now to figure out this new youtube/google sign in.
me too ugh!
My kid's first word will be A HREF.
That is Jennifer
I am stuck inside, in front of a computer on this beautiful day. Working on my Masters Thesis. It is hard but intelectually rewarding...
you should make an app for that
Bought to watch Navy knock out Air Force for the 7th straight year.
RT - MIAMI HAS THE DOLPHINS MY FAVORITE FOKTBALL TEAM ;) ALL I DO IS WIN
close!! Downtown LA! :P
SO C-C-COME ON. YOU GOT IT WRONG. TO PROVE IM RIGHT. I PUT IT IN A SONG
My twitter name is simple -
Oh, god, why do traveling salesmen have to be so earnest? I can't handle it.
Was up fam, you got a show the 23rd in sf? lets film something epic #followback #dm me i still got yo contact!
The worst thing is someone miserable not understanding what they don't have from what they do have!
RT : That did NOT make me want to play COD BO II. It made me want to donate to diplomatic think tnaks.
hahah love it. my gym teacher used to say "gee wilikers" a lot...and I definitely said it the other day...out loud. in public.
At some point you cross a line & the city is more for tourists than residents. MT More tourists than residents in Harlem today.
honestly, I wasn't planning to go to Newark before. Now I'm considering looking on StubHub for Game 4.
When all you need is that person <3
My heart just dropped.Friend of mine since middle school is getting married.he is an amazing guys and she is so happy !SEE LOVE IS REAL!
Happy Birthday late but well worth it. Happy Birthday
New York I'm leaving you in March
Wow E!s holiday party is absolutely beautiful. Love it!
So good to be home!
Yep Mujica is terrible
I see white people.......
The only instant messaging I do is with my middle finger. Everyone is #NEWtech dependant :(
I got football till 7
Agatha Christie's Poirot Season 1 Episode 10 has an incredibly instructive shot on how matte paintings can make your scene hot.
Cholo hangs his head in reverence.
MY #birthday is on MONDAY
Another Friday! You can find our yummy donuts @ Whip In, Wheatsville, and Austin Java City Hall!
Wonder what my girlfriend is doin welp finna turn my phone off n let it charge for a min
coat and demeanor down and I'm sure she would be smoking an extra long fancy cigarette if she could.
Who wants to be a darling and let me hold they Netflix account for my Xbox?
“: -____- ...... * introduces Kennedy to the back of my hand *” then soon after, meets her maker;)
Knicks vs Heat game is so dull, that Alicia Keys may have time to pen another song. Pick it up fellas, it's the NBA playoffs.
Looking for local baked goods to make Mom happy in #CLT for #Mother'sDay? Chck out the incredibly tasty baked goods today!
I'm thinking about asking for them for Christmas!
: I'll pray for you tonight!
#WhenIWas13 I thought I was the shit. Correction, I was the shit.
no worries, take your time ... I know you're busy!
#LNYHBT looks like BO's favored sex pref groups w/ a few extras tossed in. Don't give him ideas! ":
great to hear! Make sure to tell your friends about next week's show.
you was at drakes and you didn't bother to come in and say hi how rude lmao
thank you for the follow Nicholas!
#ImagineAustin asked: are u sure JBieber is not the one u like? U:of course Im sure bcuz ur my favorite man & my love FOREVER! I love u!
What time does come on?
head ass lol
Mikey and his body rolls <U+2665>
No problem gorgeous! Xoxo!;) RT will be sending those pics in a bit...wifi was down yesterday
happy birthday to the best cousin
How I hate it when someone on twitter says something unintentionally dirty & I don't know them well enough to point it out.
Laying down reading "The Daily Adventures Of Mixerman" hilarious!!
I never know when he's joking or seriously talking?! Today he even asked to prom.. LOL
I love it when someone making bad things about me!
#Rocslogan Henrietta has a town conservation board? That is more suprising than the mighty taco they approved.
Who is that?.. its national geographic sir... I'm not a f****** bear. Haha
I need someone to call my ass at 7:30 A.M until I wake up :( because I'm scared I won't wake up. Someone? Anyone?
and Its annoying as hell when they repeatedly do so without raising their hands.
you've been doing some great Tweeting! We love it!
Spent part of the day updating my dbase of area churches. Over 650 Buffalo-Niagara churches in a list I've developed over the last 2 years
honestly don't even wanna go to prom...
Did the last score occur while Lundqvist was pulled? Or was he back in the net?
That way, you'll be a mile from them, and you'll have their shoes
<U+E40E> Double for Inge.
I do the same thing to my mom
Can anyone help me find a way to get government contracts financed?
9 days til my week at the beach! Counting down!
yes its a bloody with a ton of stuff on top. It was pretty good.
Aint no way around it
A study showed people have worse aim throwing darts at babies' pictures than at pictures of Hitler. I have so many wrong punchlines to this.
#wordoftheday I'm all agog to find out which of my favorite songs made the Top 500 Songs. -Thanks Michelle
Flying home through the tornadoes. Delay delay delay.
I'm taking the Celtics in 5....dem young boys the 76ers all
Right now, I will take coffee however I can get it.
don't forget today is World Autism day and wear blue to show Autism awareness!!!
Yeah, unfortunately I'll be there when Yankees are in town so not many tix left/more expensive than usual. Grabbed OF seats.
A late night dinner outing was just what I needed to relieve some of my stress.
Skinny jeans are everywhere!
I would die if follow me! But I know it will not happen! :(
Jay Mohr is the hater. Not JR. Leave our boy alone.
LOL.. will do!!
And I never hit you up, I ask domo before you now.
Developer Challenge session will take place on the mainstage at Spring Fling: Matchpoint Boston - 4pm! Don't miss out.
I know I was so happy for Jermaine he reminds me so much of you!! I really hope you get your back chk'd out
Georgia Governor signed the Sunday Alcohol Sales Bill Today! Now it's up to the local communities to decide...
of course.
Getting up for a student film in 3 hours. Good thing I love and so much! Haha
Well we will have a repeat Super bowl NYG vs NE
waiting to see if Brett Favre's Waffle House is still in business.
I'd like to run towards you & hug you until I knock you to the ground giggling. Thanks for reaching out last night. <3
Saw District 9, it successfully sucked me in and took me away. Would see it again.
theyr Amazing seen them in concert!! Like a dream come true haha. Since you like country check out
Second time through the order, hitters are starting to square Lynn up a bit better.
good morning. shower. oil change. carwash. work. scotch. sleep. sunday. san diego. audition. family. la. monday.
I was pulling a few shots of Tanzania Peaberry this morning... lively, juicy bright berry tones with a milk chocolaty smooth body. YUM.
Agree! RT : I like when defensive football is not 'bad' football.
. i read everything!! but as / will tell you i don't always see the video!!
I know babies are innocent, and precious. With that being said, every baby isn't cute, nor everything they do.
we've got a week of testing but seamless so far!
Excellent! Escaped the startup madness. Reclaiming my life in music! Missing everyone in Philly...
I almost don't want to check for them now... because I won't be able to stop seeing them.
How do I study 200 vocab words when only 20 will be on the test....
trey songz that dude hands down
My website and my bass guitar - once beautiful, now neglected and silent...I remind myself that the most important things will get done.
get over here then! I need to clean before comes here on friday!
house just woke up
is my fav
Sick set at MoJoes!
Oprah Winfrey~ Every day brings a chance for you to draw in a breath kick off your shoes and dance.
#ff y'all -- This will end well
welcomes follower They have a nice warmup app for us vocalists. Nice!
Great meeting with Audra of today! We look forward to working with you, to bring programs and services to those in need.
: frosted flakes and cocoa rice krispies
cinnamon toast crunch
Patiently waiting for Sundance to announce their competition lineup for 2012!
My mom was trying to throw up a gang sign today and ended up doing the rock and roll thing
Having lunch AGAIN!! Guess I should try sumthn new...Isle Spice Chicken??
Thank you both
I laughed. Big time.
Thanks! Let us know how we can help!
TWISTED TRIVIA: 33% of women admit that they've done this at least once, what is it?
email us at to run it by us - normally, we're pretty open!
Fuck imma miss them so much!
Yeah, I know. I guess I didn't understand what disturbed you. If 1 brings up the topic of sex 1 should expect any kind of answer.
Just created a new account for ! eep eep! :)
Looking for something to do
I'm stubborn, independent, and mouthy but I'm honest trustworthy and very witty!
It is Tuesday Tips Time! Get a Box of Rib Tips, Large Fry, and a 2 Liter of Soda for $13.99. Rest assured, you will not go away hungry!
sent ya a workout track.
I don't know about u but this has to happen
I know you have, sir. And congrats, btw
Get a life bitch!
So much going on at the offices today! Working through some design options with the team today. Getting very excited about the launch!
Candlelight Christmas service. My favorite. Love this time of year.
Absolutely LOVE your truck!! You arent so bad either! :)
please follow me?
That is the wildest thing I've ever seen.
We're looking into getting some promotional-type pictures taken. Who should we go to?!
RT WALKTHROUGH: This App Turns Instagram Into Text Messaging Service
The hardcore way to eat ramen noodles: 1. Boil water 2. Eat block of ramen 3. Drink boiled water 4. Snort flavored powder 5. Fuck Bitches
If you haven't already gone, visit the Smithsonian American History Museum and the Library of Congress!
Sounds good to me!
The U.S. is the only country that has, since 1985, had a healthy population increase, giving us a very positive outlook for our future!
you unfollowed me and I unfollowed you....have a bless day....
Nice words thanksfor the info
We're trying to work our way back. LOL
thanks jr! Rather go down swinging- go crew
We are so sorry we weren't able to prepare your croissants! Did you have a good day though?
#dh11 Q: What can funders do to encourage institutional support for staff heading grants?
Don't let the rain keep you away! We're excited for tonight's show w/ & - we'll have tix at the door - join us?
never heard of it
deltona is SOFT !
Today St Luke Baptist Church is the place to be 6:30pm 103 morningside ave in harlem NYC
Oh my Luke! :O
we can agree to disagree for now? I look forward to your link. You can DM me. Perhaps we can talk more later. Peace!
THANK GOD!! RT : “: Wow for a second I thought it was only Tuesday!! #HappyHumpDay everyone” it's Wednesday :)
": #Fahrenheit food truck tomorrow East. 9th #local #chef #loves #CLE ..found out where the food truck will be!
you lying
i dunno about google music but is the greatest music program i have ever experienced. EVER.
but I'm also taking some classes to further my IT credentials.
A woman should know how to please herself.......sexually
thank YOU for being here!
tweeting from the toilet --------> busted -------> “: God bless toilets. Burritos you a cold food.”
super depressed.
Co-workers: It's really quite unnecessary to leave a 54 second VM, when I'm just going to delete it without listening.
Driving with is my favorite. Seriously! She's the best. Gonna miss hanging with you!!! Stay in school! K. That's all I got! :)
Logan Henderson + Dubstep = Sex
Tweet me a pic if you can... I'm in the car driving right now
In other news, Time breaks record for magazine copies sold.
RITE.., #SLURPEE IT IS... GOTTA LOOK OUT 4DA HOMIE... U KIDDIN ME?
Dear blizzard, please hold off until *after* my #archives class this evening!
we're pretty good.
It was nice meeting you today at ! Welcome back to Tokyo and hope you enjoy Friday night in Shibuya!!
One Call () on Twitter
I'm just upset to miss getting all the dudes together
don't say those other things on here! Lmfaooo!
Bright fun lips or Dark bold lips?
Everything I want, Everything I hope in, Everything my heart cries out for!
Had a site visit at your alma mater last week. Exciting things to come with stadium renovations. Love the jerseys tn
Watching the Sox game on TV. Daisuke isn't even putting in the effort to get these guys out. Finally pulled him out after 7 ER.
Hm....ever read The Executioner's Song? Might take a year but quite good.
Just watched your gorgeous on & they're fantastic! #HappyMothersDay to their Mom!
Google docs is the bizness! Google, knows me too well...
. Tea Party phenomenon - fueled by resentment of skill-based meritocracy, which is an inequality problem
“: When you talk to that person who will understand you no matter what you do.. venting has a whole new meaning.”
not enough monitors
have a great time:) miss ya!
Thanks girl - i have a new "book" out if you are interested...
Just a little over two weeks left on the bikini challenge! Lift heavy, push your cardio, get in all your workouts and eat clean!!!
Writing, writing, writing. Make sure to write the right thing.
Hard boiled eggs on salads <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Omg is gonna be an X Factor judge!
Working until midnight in LA, I can only see 1 or 2 neighbor's lights. But in Manhattan, depressing to only see 2 or 3 apts. All asleep?
not so much a lie as okay it was a lie but you still have my number and my main squeeze does not check my phone.
Results! & then excuses on why im not getting them RT : Food for thought: What are you focusing on today - excuses or results?
I skipped school 2day. Getting away from bully. Feels great
I love it!!
thank you I hope you enjoy my pics
I've never made anything more than a scarf. You're the expert on knitting :)
Alrighty - we've got you listed! :)
Made it out alive! Hopefully with everything I needed...
took your advice and went to the show. Enjoyable! Will definitely go out of my way to see them again
Good lord, that is abysmal. It overshadows the story.
Wow today was a popular day to be born in 1981 and 1982! #HappyBirthday friends!
Is this real? There's no way this can be real? I'm balling.
Star Trek, X-Files, Doctor Who and more. 8 years and running, another great Phauxcon is in the books! looking forward to 2012. join us!
cute :P
Someone plz tell me how some h&m sunglasses got in my purse
Maybe he should check with #Tiger on his pain in the neck?
please Rose, don't let go :(
happy superbowl! ... I mean, birthday!
oh man that's horrible. I'm sorry.
My BF is an #aerialist. That's just really awesome.
Defiance. Nothing better defines that than a hungry raccoon. Ever tried to scare one away? Not going to happen. Pursue dreams like a raccoon
me too! It's better than Disney
Anybody heard of Tutor Apartments in NYC? Just found my Grandparents lease contract from 1936: Floor 18 - 1yr at $72/month. 500sq.f.
Its gotta be you. <3
You have a twitter!! Good to hear you're back safe and sound, miss you too!!!
All of my grimm feels
So delicious! :D
It's entertaining when someone tries to insult you and only ends up looking foolish. Some people are so hateful.
Sometimes i am Rt #Aquarius people are private people."
Bonfire. Beer. Country music. Now all we need is summer
its green outside O_o
I'm looking forward to Thursday evening!
anytime! Thanks for the shout out! =)
Congrats to every single person who was ever involved in #DesperateHousewives. 8 years--how many is that in Hollywood years?
Lax banquet!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong. ~ Peter T. Mcintyre
Valerie, i'll never meet :'c
worst moment of my basketball spectating career. Dang Derek and his perfect lefty shot
drove a different way to work this morning. Just because.
hahah I texted him but he didn't text me back. he's probably just mad that I was ignoring him after school...give it a few hrss
No, he didn't. You're good.
How have you been lately Jenna?! :D
Great tip! RT : Take an hour out of your day to schedule a week's worth of your #nonprofit's tweets
another crutch word I have is groovy in more informal settings and I've been getting made fun for that!
Make a request for tomorrow's Music video of the day, or MojoTV clip! & Submit a funny/crazy picture for the Pic of the day in Mojo's World
If GOD wants to accomplish something in your life HE will.. But will you get out of the way and let him??
Independent Massage Therapists often work our of their homes, to keep their overhead low, which they pass on to their clients in a lower fee
Oh Hey! Nice to see u on Twitter :)
I now remember why I stopped scheduling 8am classes.
Now a Beastie Boy is dead? Damn this week sucks for my childhood. Am I getting that old now?
sorry about that,my 11-year old advised me.
Despite rejection, plan B might actually be better for me this summer. Funny how by not working out it all works out.
How would you label your personality?
just Saturday and Sunday
“Whatever you can do or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, and magic and power in it. Begin it now.” ~Goethe
seems like the 200s are split. How many residents in that group are there (active)?
Jets Darrelle Revis acted like such a jerk on Mike Francessa's WFAN show -- Revis couldn't hack some mild questions and hung up.
no problem, thanks as well
didn't realize we weren't following you, will add you now.
Girl on my tl cant spell .
Something is wrong about an adult rising a razor scooter downtown.
Irony is looking up when opens for brunch and finding its act has been hacked & advertising weight loss. Divine intervention?
I'm on the other campus in the library.
haha that made me laugh
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><- that's what my face look like right now...
thanks for coming by and getting them :)
"No one has had an answer to Darren Sproles!" - THAT'S RIGHT!
So true!
Artist/Cartoonist/Film-maker Heather McAdams joins Razor 'n Die in just a minute on WLUW. Stay tuned!
I'm not ready to jump, Twan. I'm ready to start shooting.
No Spoilers! Please!
Winter’s over, summer has yet to begin, and the weather is all over the place. Never fear, hot or iced, we have your perfect espresso drink!
Anybody want to go car shopping with me?
The Artist! There's Uggie.
you already said that silly! haaha now lets go see Titanic tomorrow after chool
awesome, hope to see you there!
Trust is like a mirror, you cant fix it if its broken
my suggestion for the baby zebra is: Zola Zaney
Why the fuck did they remake footloose?!?!?
RT : had 3 great interviews for from my motherland w and keep an eye for them...
actually, found a theater in Astoria with tix still for 9pm and later. I could pick them up-it's not far from me
lol of course <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Not yet homegirl. I will doe
Finally a left hand persons chair.. I can write normal now
Happy to see the on Twitter. Definitely a great poet and mentor-by-example.
There ya go, get you're eat on!
Can a yung nigga get money anymore
how about a college education in prison. “: A college student costs the state $8,667 per year; a prisoner costs it $45,006 a year.
Where is the #heathaterinmiami?
Finally maybe some substantial snow coming
Theme - This can make an event a whole lot of fun! Our event planners can help you with this one
I play a lot of basketball and have never been seriously injured.
One thing you gotta admire about end-of-the-world predictors: they make verifiable, falsifiable claims.
hey sweety how are u
Tonight's presentation is about Microsoft's cloud offerings. Let's see how they compare against Amazon's.
It's really weird being in a building full of actors running scenes.... I'm just sitting around observing like I normally do.
and did this happen?
Happy Yellow + Blue Day. Everyone's bead necklaces look great.
Hu Do You Love?! www.hubigs.com
Feeling Like A Million Bucks right Now
Bryzgolov is terrible. So glad he's not in a Yotes uniform anymore! How embarrassed is he right now... SMH & Lmao!
Congratulations on the funding. We're incredibly excited to see what the future holds for you. Best of luck!
Hey Deltek - your DSM is a big fat FAIL. I shouldn't have to jump through so many hoops to upgrade installed software. BAH.
then can I have a copy?
JUST IN: Handmade burp cloth sets! Fun bold prints to choose from! Make great gifts for Mom to be.
hang with us tomorrow night!!!!
I was delighted to see the on the tele tonight.
Got a job! start tomorrow=]]
probably is`
in 5-billion years, the spirits once known as "humans" will be the size of planets, and hop-scotch across space-time.
oooooohhhhh!! I see.
You only live once, so take advantage of what you got when you have it and live with no regrets.
What has caused you to turn from Catty into Cathy?!
Does Twitter satisfy the hypothesis of the long-tail blog? Do you use Twitter because it's a light app or what?
for sure haha
#imissyoubut the person you've become disgusts me.
The turning point for excitement regarding Disneyland for my daughter: I told her MARY POPPINS was there! She's about to burst!
I love , but their sales people are way too aggressive. I wish they didn't pay them commission.
hello my dear, precious darling rebekah.
Yes, but text vs tweet. Basically I often don't bother getting it when I can just tweet / DM the person.
RT : im a Carolina fan but i still think your a great QB can i get a RT?...begging for RT is whack gamecock
That's why people won't say anything, always trying to fit in... The world is not a BOX. Trying to be Politically Correct and Still Wrong!
The cashier at target has a barcode tattooed on her neck.
No, thanks to you for wanting to join the family!
Congrats on a great career and thanks for being a great Auburn Man!
hahaha but seriously. GET IT?!
we are both pretty excited ! Her new store is amazing :)
WORK AT HOME TIP: Set clear rates. Be realistic about what your time/services are worth.
Teen Movie Night Next Month...What should we watch?
6) Be tenacious. - Donald Trump’s rules of success. Rule #7 coming in 4 hours.
yes. And let's have hookers be in our wedding party.
Found an empty Polaroid film box this morning. Very sad. Maybe I'll just buy you some film.
I'm working on an anthology at the moment, which should be out later this year. After that, it's on to the Revolutionary War...
hahahahahahahaha yes!!! & we can blast Nathan's covers the entire way there!
and who's cooler than al bundy?
Happy birthday 2PAC!!!
wow u gotta be joking!
Not sure how much sleep I got. Must adjust to eastern time.
Thank you!
...The present moment is all you have. Make the NOW the primary focus of your life -Eckhart Tolle (The Power of Now)
Doing a lot of business and glad we are connected throught Linked In.
About to go in! W/ #GreysAnatomy than #Scandal am already shaking, intense finales by the amazing
At #savor and still Haven't peed.
You mean I'm supposed to have my thesis proposal ready in 4 1/2 weeks!?!?!???!!!
Just a thought: Tebow, Alex Smith, and Matt Moore = best battle for starting QB spot EVER.
My head hurts too much booze not enough cooze
So where does "curator" and artist" merge?
It was great to see you back in the bay! Great show last night! Travel safe. See you next month in #NOLA!
Dirty Dancing, duh!
High five to you! Thanks for giving us a try and sharing our deal :)
It didn't wrk n the past....so how about jus leaveing it there
for real
Hmm. I'll let the dev know. And thanks, we love it!
omg, draw something is actually fun!
sure, come over Saturday. LOL
Thrilled to win a #CODiE award for Xactly Incent! Best Financial Management Solution
Yes. Its my fault that we are late.Its my fault that the bus in front of us makes 20 stops. Its okay... It can be my fault. :p
Feel so drained its unreal
I told ya it was gonna be a #HottSummer, you thought I was playing lol Bru I imma be on you end in a minute..haha
Campbell's and COD at 3am!!
powers out for my friends to the west of us, but seems they can all still get on facebook
Starting up Diablo 3 Beta for the first time thanks to !
I love the dinging of the real, physical clock bells in the entryway at AAS.
Why is it good that there are female astronauts? When the crew gets lost in space, at least the woman will ask for directions.
Happy Birthday Matt. Victory Sunday would be the perfect gift.
Celebrating Dan at Jack Rose. Wishing they had ceiling fans.
Ah a few more days then done with these classes
no way, not with peyton manning as qb!
ahaa im kinda into miami heat &' lakers, butt we cool right? Lol.
Beginning my online strategy for 2012 - and I think mobile will be a big part of that.
Damn you got a lot of gay fans! Fucking queer! Just kidding man I love fags and your COLLA!
Wtf Lebron taking stupid ass shots
YES! He should have been there. We r shaking up San Diego!
After 102 episodes of 30 Rock I find myself being attracted to Alec Baldwin
if you were given $1mil but had to give it all away, who/what would you give it to?
Red & White doesn't look good on you Coach! Nice of the Reds to recognize what you and your staff, kids did this year!
I enjoy talking in 3rd person
You better be singing up there, show the angels what you've got!
The crowd is going wild!
David Beckham (if he is still considered an athlete)
Did you know that Kangarros can't jump backwards? ...Australia's got some strange laws
On Location: An Octogenarian x2019;s Modernist Dream Comes to Life In Los Angeles, an octogenarian finally gets the modern home of her dr
wasn't watching but saw the highlights. The Packers are great, and the Bears are good. Anything can happen in a rivalry game
Oh poached eggs, thou art my darling. Thou art my joy both night and morning.
ur a fuckin hater. and a loser as well. yu dont know anything about college, so i suggest yu shut your mouth!!!!
White woman just told me there is no way to live a completely happy life. Damn... She just messed up my day.
m when cuz she told me she a virgin
RT : Did the really just send a (Friday night) email to "demand the truth" from DOJ? Where were you guys 4 yrs ago?...
I'm considering it man im just not sure I could dedicate as much time as I need/want to yo?
It Doesent Matter How Much Money George Clooney, And Tyler Perry Give Him. Obama Will Remain Intellectually Bankrupt!
Jerry Colangelo's10th Annual Prostate Cancer Charity Golf Tournament yesterday was amazing! Will post pics to FB G-R-N page.
Did all that, still didnt get my dam shoes
#Placemaking is grown up economic development.
It's a story collection so maybe - 140 chars per piece?
FOLLOW ! hes an AMAZING music creator! hes on youtube and i promise once you hear his music, you will b hooked!
where was the sparks performance that you missed?
I lived previously in Union City, NJ... Brooklyn (Ave. K) Manhattan on 14th Square!
Congrats to for being awarded New Music USA's Composer Assistance Grant for The Nautical Yards!!
RT : It's not time and energy that we lack, but focus and objective prioritization. Clear present awareness is curative.
Thanks ! and I are standing by to give you a personal tour. ' owners' newborn has already been swimming!
Happy Earth Day! How will you go green this year?
ding dong! Misread your tweet. Too bad you always do such a great job.
Ladies there are sum good men/bros out there still, don't rule em out!! I know some & met some..didn't believe it:)
At with and for final fashion show walk through
I wanna punch someone in the face.
The promotion site on my profile can help your promote yourself 4 free. :) Please follow i will follow back!
yes! Maybe tonight??
fortunately the new Julie Otsuka novel wasn't to their taste.
not sure how motivated Donald trump would be by the $300
HIRING: Great opportunity for front-end developers (.Net, Visual Studio, C#) that have serious skills and motivation. Philly area. Ping me.
Stuck in NYC. Misses my flight. Nothing going out tonight. Headed back to the city. FML
: outpouring of support from #RVA community was key and social media helped fuel the fire
Thanks for watching!!!
your brother
"Midnight in Paris" is still being shown on 350 screens throughout the US.
Pretty stoked surpassed 100,000 followers. Well deserved.
“: I never understood the arguments anyway...nobody wins alone, everybody plays a role...” right!
Ya, I like your definition of normal stuff as well. Pretty awesome you're writing a novel!
damn fashion tips to some who doesn't need them!
i need to stop making folder called "stuff" and "sort"
I like what I see..They look GREAT..Oops I mean it looks GREAT!!
Our very own Pati Schmitt is speaking today at Bing Lounge about Compliance Challenges: New Regulations & Recurring Themes
Love to fill bowls with can't-get-enough-spoonfuls of soup? Find plenty in Planet Kitchen Table, the hot eco-cookbook.
#SOCIALITES Complimentary passes available from or or 218 W. 39th
#DearMYRTLE using Skype and Webinar interchangably to get visual and presentation both. Great idea.
Mrs. Officer...now i know who Lil Wayne was rapping about.
watching shark night!
hey, please make my life and follow me? (:
Can you please get in the Glutenator Beer? Its amazing!
RT Character and integrity are not situational. Eventually, truth comes to light. // so good!
~ Just dropping by to say Hi! Miss you, wish wecould tee it up sometime.
Surrounded by beautiful ladies at the #trendshow. knows how to throw a party!
#seattle #LA #LBLD Have nothing to do ?? Get out there and LongBoard. Never tried it ? Get at me and I'll give ya the chance !!!!
I'll see you tomorrow though :D
Thank you :)
Everybody keeps saying he did amazing when he sang All Back. I want to hear it, shit! .___
only one ;p
You're right about that!
Self-OH: "WORDS ARE TRICKY LITTLE BASTARDS. They don't like playing nice with each other."
Agree 100%. And sooner or later the #jobseeker that won't post a photo may be rejected for age. Why waste time? Be who you are.
you like Dave? Man... I like Barry
thnx “: - about to blow my site up and update. Still need to grab a beer with you. Love your #CLTbuzz content.”
Nsn concert tonight.. Life is fab :)
I told him he'd suffer the consequences, he said it's ok as long as he gets that cake. Lick the icing off first!
We are taking your ideas and suggestions as we get ready to schedule the next couple of shows. What would you like us to talk about?
CBS news has Sharon Tay doing a segment on Walter Cronkite. Just the kind of example of how good a reporter can be vs how bad one can be
NEW BLOG POST: SEC CHARGES TOBACCO COMPANIES WITH VIOLATIONS OF FCPA
Aw, no one ever wants me to trend. :(
Disappointed that the Bright Eyes show in Louisville is on a Tuesday.
that's ny though....when "journalists" and rappers party at the same clubs.
Kiss My White Butt , Word To Your Mother.
people will cut anything into there fades, saw this dude with mountain dew can cut into his fade. stupid!!!
you both are!! Lol
Good Night Alex! Sweet Dreams!
So your readers are your victims?
Nice to see you each week during
thanks for sending me that Mason / VCU promo that you did. I really liked it.
Just throwing it out there!
what periods do we have today?
Alone in a car, stuck in traffic, is where we become different people who can no longer empathize with humanity.
lmao me too, and my calves are fucking hurting like a bitch!
nah, just a bad cold.
She knows what my philosophy is. Now its the old game of two steps forward, one back.
Guys with cowboy hats have a better than average chance of winning
aw shucks. And your compliment is timely. My bday is this weekend ;)
NGL, kinda surprised that #MyFuckingBoyfriend is not trending right now, lol.
"Dreams can become a reality."
I have a theory about girls on Facebook who use their middle name as their last name, but I'm waiting until my argument is flawless.
Friday the 13th - TDIH 1970, one of the oxygen tanks on Apollo 13 explodes ...
I'm done tweetin about shyt I'm not lurkin on shyt fuck tweets n this other shyt I'm doing me
of course I like beer. Can you dm me what beach it is? And maybe how to find you?
working 30+ hours a week for free is killing my pockets.lol but its a necessary evil
Saturday, we will be playing at Fremont Fair. Listen for us from 2-3 pm.
Perhaps, but I'm not sure the home opener is really Dave Sims hat territory. I see that more as a Tues game against the Jays.
yep. Its true both ways
why aren't you?
I'm working on a course with Connie Ragen Green and Jeanette Cates and learning a LOT,
OMG. is out of effing control. This thing is up in everyone's junk right now. Think it got blitzed off some amaretto.
CALLING ALL #COUGARS & CUBS!! Woman 40+ and Men 21-30 get in free #ALLNITE this Friday. Come down for a WILD Nite! RAWWRRR!
RT : The moral code of our society is so demanding that no one can think, feel and act in a completely moral way.
Then think about how Instragram sold for $1 Billion when people are starving, poor, homeless, and need medical insurance
#Syracuse - Looking 4 #thingstodoinsyracuse? Check out Youth Day @ SPAR Space in State Tower-11-4PM 4/28-Build a sculpture/design a statue!
I think most resented being labeled. Even though this state votes heavily R, most truly believe they're independent.
I want hot Cheetos or hot fries..
did you log off??
you put your order in for the joe buddens box set?
you only teach cycle?
#CAHSEE starting 2morrow Feeling so nervous for it!! :s :/
Wait, there's a debate tomorrow AM? Good. I'll just keep drinking until then. Just. Groovy.
Hot day outside with water fun and relaxing with #kids- roast in the #crockpot and loving life!
We almost died on the buss todayy
I told this guy I wanted to pinch his cheeks. He genuinely didn't know if I meant his face or his ass. It seems I have a reputation.
I'm in it for the entertainment value...and for that reason alone, I LOVE her!
It feels good to be back with my team
how's your nose?
yes you did
how can I hear it?
Darn! lol RT Damn glass phone.
We've actually thought of offering a grandparents/grandkids food tour friendly for kids. Great minds think alike. :)
I am happy you had a good week hope to talk with you soon my sweet friend
Lancaster Ohio
Whether you need to renovate an attic, basement, or entire home, Corbett Design Build is your answer.
The case of the never ending
Love You Or Of The Loving Bigger!!!
I was there too! Great show, but I felt kinda old. And the show extended into my bedtime.
Im not racist,so I think we all deserve to be treated equally.
O!!! Sounds interesting! Can I read it, too?!
Thank you! I've got enough cupcakes over here this weekend to celebrate! ha
thank you SO much, Cassie! That means the world to me! :)
Holy god stomach flu.
well most people say 'due' but I guess they'll make you die as well hahahaha :)
so, we're going to have lots of digital copies of the same object? that seems, well, not efficient. why not one really good one?
Incubus - Stellar: via
Heading to the Hard Rock Cafe
Spent some time playing with - very good #socialmedia tool for the money. Good addition to something like
no, Shaun through a rock across crowy and she pretended it hit her and pretended to cry;-)
RT he streets list is different from that list!/ damn rite they don't even got a clue
It's called a bio, NOT a brag box.
Elphaba's being played by the understudy???
Dang mavericks arena looks sweet in that blue out
they have them in the winter?? Like for how long, how that period?? And yeah you should to that to catch up.
Free your mind. And the rest will follow.
Going out to hillsboro to drink some beer and bbq with
Young Sinatra: Undeniable
Heard it was great! Almost sad to have missed you for another session!
“: What days??”-----Jun 7th-12th. will only be doing that weekend.
day off to the spa. if she likes sports, tickets. a nice restaurant.. RT : well tell us more creative ideas
Journalism/media in Atlanta, Ga. Thanks in advance for your help!
But their clothing is so revealing...
Wait that second in the middle of the night kiss lol >
Great fireworks show in Hong Kong last night. Today we'll be going to horse racing.
what time in da uk? xoxo
ALC Life and Growth Conference tonight with Bishop Roderick Mitchell 7pm. 6440 rock springs road lithonia, ga 30058
Does this count as irony?: Don't be influenced by persuasive women! Take my word for it! Don't read Roiphe's article!
No problem! So far so good over here. Hope you're having a great day too!
I miss the way my mom used to be... Everything's different now..
be grateful for what you do have, you little ignorant cunt. I feel so fucking sorry for your mother.
(half asleep but...) is "Enable Extras on Right Side?" unchecked in your Theme Settings? I'm thinking it should be.
Why are many vegans so rude and know it all? Lack of omegas or protein? Someone please do a study. They need help! #vegans suck
awe u bum. have fun at practice.
Real men r not afraid to show off their gf's aka their trophies only players make u none existent on their online social pages
Did you talk to it about making good choices as you put it outside?
“: Aight rtb it is this year guys no exceptions it's local! It's a must....” ur going?!
RIP Steve Jobs. apple.com
what was her name
Nice soccer game tonight. Ended in a tie. I took two solid elbows to the face, Probably well deserved.
Would love to pass 300 followers today! RT to win a $10 credit to your Uloop account to spend on massages, restaurants, salons & more!
Okay, my interest is slightly up again for THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN. Although, I do want to see the original two Spider-Man films now.
Julie Poplawski, author and fitness guru is sharing some tips with us on Tuesday night! Call us to reserve your spot!
Happy holidays!
everything you post online is eventually either going to help you or bite you in the butt pay personal attention to detail
Just found out is playing my hometown this summer with My Morning Jacket. Sweet!
RT : Life is a shipwreck but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats. ~Voltaire
Book designer & author should plan children's book layout B4 illustration begins for best results.
To mom on 4 train: if you're spending 2x as much time on daughter's hair than what you feed her something's wrong
Trying to act natural around cops, even when you did nothing wrong.
thank you!!
Thanks! The Muddle in the Middle chapter is a great one in that book for neuroanth
Tired of unhealthy Americans. U hurt? That's because you sit at a desk all day then go home and sit on the couch. Rescue a dog & go walk it.
it seems your twitter account has been hacked. it's advisable to change your password :)
When you guys meet you treat him like a star, If I ever met Justin I would treat him like the regular person he is. <333
For my fellow Cardinals/ Saved by the Bell fans: Kolb = Mr. Belding, Peyton = Rod Belding, Broncos = a "10", Rafting Trip = Superbowl.
Because we're not a couple. Don't be weird. I'm not buying you anything. But if you bought me a puppy, it wouldn't be weird.
lol I tweeted you a really old video .. of distracted trying to watch like 4 footy uk footy games at once lol
Price Comparisons Alera FW601424BL Single-Tier Rolling File Cart ...
Cherry tomato 1, biodegradable fork 0.
KU really needs to keep guarding during second chance shots. When UNC get offensive rebounds the tend to make their second attempts.
Legos never get old.
Distilling people to single numbers is the porch light to a certain moth-subset
Today a can of Spam knocked on my door. Told me it missed me. Walked away.
Get up drogba every time i look over ur on ur ass
Talent develops in tranquillity, character in the full current of human life. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Thank god karmas a bitch isn't ma fucking spurk her daughter broke her hand #Karma!
Past is the past
More and more followers!
We admit it. We took it. Wrote in #AUPSteadyRain for tonight at 8 pm. You'll have to come to get it back. (just kidding)
And in the clearance bin? The thrashed dreams of English teachers lying among real books 'n stuff.
who is Mel?
Listening to an mp4 demo I just recorded for students. I sound relatively accent-neutral until I say the word "file."
OK. What is the best web based timesheet software for a small group?
These Damn kids!
You may make mistakes, and you may have rarly been there for me, you may not be the greatest brother, but ill always love you .
THAT is an amazing 45, From listening to Otis Redding I have learned more about soul than any Swede from Minnesota should know.
wish I can go!
Back from E Coast swing #2. Great trip! Just looked at a short film I put together on Brotherman. Is it a sign of good things to come?
Arevalos must register for life as a sex offender and can't work ever again as a cop.
not much and you???
New BOS friends, what are your favorite reads + who are your fave tweeters to learn about new things to do in the city?
Target got me good today, but at least I got a great deal on some tv series.
u had me grinning from ear 2 ear
H.R 347 lowers governments intent requirement fornarrest. More erosion of our civil liberty ? ,)
How silly of me to have forgotten about family spring break time in our nation's capitol. #DC #RushHour #24/7
My heart is in NYC, my mind is headed back to Buffalo.
stinks well I gotta sleep so good night
Never before had i seen a dead dear on the side of the road. Ive seen 4 so far today
Yes, congrats to you! “: Happy and honored to be a finalist in ' NOS* contest"
I like where you're going with that: airport ruins. Keep going west...and north a bit...
Classics major problems: misreading anything ending in -cola for the name of an unimportant, almost 2000-year dead general.
i kinda do not understand pseudo hippie dubstep white dread hula hoop hair feather naked chant barefoot slut drum circle fire dance culture
Happy late halloween everyone!! Lol
Come scream at The Scream Zone open Wednesday – Sunday when you rent our Scream Zone partybus to The Del Mar Scaregrounds .
Just finished stamping a few more pieces that I'm hoping to get listed before leaving for the holidays.
That moment when you are in love.
Tomorrow's agenda: finish cleaning house, start slow roasting brisket, make PB/Jelly cuppies, make ramen slaw, make veggie bar, drink beer.
God loves tall people!
alternatively, you could cry your guts out and show your truth . xxoo, kk
thanks for the follow.
At the movies w/ & Can't take these niggas no where. (-__- )
Thank you google chrome, for allowing me to get on twitter, youtube, and sms sites on my laptop;D
Come and join us for TACO TUESDAY!!! Every Tuesday from 4pm - 9pm, buy any taco or burrito and get the second for half price!
thank you sir
MSR's setting up a lab in NYC with 14 researchers from Yahoo!, including David Pennock, Duncan Watts, and John Langford.
thank you <33
Another day in L.A.!! We are here till May 5th. Then move on to Las Vegas!
Look out for me on South Park this Wednesday, March 28 at 10 PM on Comedy Central!!!
RT : shares some incredible Frugal Living tips :)
Yeah!!! yay, Henry Cole!
Best of luck to everyone at the Marquee Awards tonight. I'm there in spirit. Have fun!
Thanks for following us at ActingInLA!
FOOL 4 YOU by cee lo Green on REPEAT
follow back please(:
Ugh. On top of everything I think I'm getting sick as well. Beautiful. Simply stunning. :\
im psyched. Big pack fan and I love the way you play especially your last two seasons in gb
dude is a monster!
You have to be happy about the Weeden pick, whether Colt stays or goes... Its improving the Browns and thats more important IMO
so i think this is like my third time saying this, but goodnight guys <3
Ditching the kids at my parents and taking my babe out on a HOT date. ...and by hot date i mean DSW and Home Goods.
you guys will have to meet at the Easter party...more neighbors in the sports world!
Maintenance Tip from our Service Manager: Your Air Conditioning Unit will not work if the temperature outside is below 65 degrees.
Open your mind, so eyes can see the path to your heart. Let your passion lead you!
Productive co-work meeting with !
“: Lakers' Metta World Peace suspended seven games for elbowing Thunder guard James Harden. Metta! Dude! World peace starts on the court!
A third party seller hijacked the main buying option, but Amazon has it for $9.99, new, from them.
I highly agree... How the family doing & life going?
"that awkward moment when it accidentally slips into your butt. It's doesn't go in, it just knocks on the door"
what up Delano
Mad that was supposed to hit me up so we could hang today but didn't… smh...
what is some advice for new upcoming artists?
SINGERS TOO.
From "Now What? Reinventing Yourself After 40", create a written plan. It will be a roadmap to track your progress.
Omg I'm too busy for my own good!
Have a good day, love! <U+2764>
Thanks for reading. It means a lot
It's amazing how much you can do with a Toshiba 47L7200U Smart TV without ever connecting the cable box.
if I lay here, will u lie with me and just forget the world? <3 my heart melted when they sang tht <3 I'm like ill gladly lie
F Cleveland. Even Cleveland hates Cleveland RT : If the Sixers make history & win, cleveland will forgive us for taking Jim Thome
I need some energy. I won't even be greedy - I don't need 5. One hour would be sufficient
please check it out
looks like a preview for next weeks episode of Grimm
I have a question for you, will you please DM me? Pretty please with waffles on top;) I really hope you see this. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
I'm cracking up right now lol
Want to be a great leader? Take responsibility and give away the credit.
S\o follow back
m cup of noodles with tapatio
Aww. I was looking forward to being "Uncle Hazz". ;)
Hendricks county cops <<<
Officially has a flight to #DC! It's been too long since I've seen that lovely city.
I want to haz beer.
Faith is an essential ingredient in every solution... often it is the solution itself.
He's sick at any level. Too bad he's on the wrong team.
I love you, New York. <3333
If we don't change, we don't grow. If we don't grow, we are not really living. Growth demands a temporary surrender of security.~Gail Sheehy
Hahaha nah. But I'm glad I was this time!
“: The Stoop has some completion at waffle house” haha never
Morning to you Matt!! I drink a lot of water but I've never heard of #MIO I will check it out! =)
Thanks for the follow! Following you back on #FF!!
shut up
Hi Drew, hope ur well!! Could u plz follow one of my bff's? it would mean alot! Thank you! ;)
resulting in head being cut off, why didnt dragon breathe fire& incinerate the guy???
For Lent gave up subtle sexual undertones in the way I say "I was trying to get in, when she grabbed the handle, and I missed the threshold"
Excited to be attending the Gala tonight honoring my friend and Co-Chairman, David Roth & Staci Grodin
she's going toget
thanks for the follow Dabble. We love your company :)
Harry Potter <3
Thanks. I kind of like experiencing the content through the different sites...
dude!!! you said u dont like jb anymore really. yet, look at ur pic!!!!!!!!!!!!!
TONIGHT EXOTIC DANCERS FROM COLUMBUS & CINCINNATI LADIES FREE TILL 11 $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ GEE KITCHEN OPEN
Wanted to mention that Piso Week is coming up (Dec. 26-Dec.31st). We celebrate discovering that Arrius Piso created Christianity. Cheers!
Old people at iHOP in the morning are the best.
off to work!
Q6 I did proctor a lot of exams for homeschoolers.
If you got it, flaunt it ;)
Blown away by all the amazing talent from #actors, #writers, #directors, #crew etc n #Lousisana #Film #Industry! Great 2 be a part of it!
RT : When men are pure, laws are useless; when men are corrupt, laws are broken // keeping this one In mind!
What's an actuary?An accountant without the sense of humour.
“: Valentines Day Is 4 Single People To Get It In cus If you In a Relationship This should Be A Everyday thing For You #IJS”
Relax, relate, release.
"The instinct of reverence for the Unknown is implanted in all human life." - Manly P Hall
When politicians mention "jobs" in a debate, it's like masking dogshit with Febreze.
Watching The Descendants
BERRIES and CREAM BERRIES and CREAM! i'm a lad who loves berries and cream
#Durant just posterized the #Lakers in dirty fashion....this should be a great game!
Slow down. He doesn't have the job yet :-)
See you in chucktown tonight?
i miss being able to get on twitter..
Solos, duets, whatever! Lol One of my fav. solo songs is Give You Hell by All American Rejects!!
I miss u
I pulled out the old school rose colored kit from USL days myself.
always. don't let us take that away from you. Hey, why don't you guys come to Portland with us and ?
I SRSLY FLIPPED WHEN I HEARD IT IN THE PREVIEW
Only three days of work this week. Will still probably need to accomplish five days' worth of work. Wonder how that's going to happen.
Indeed! Been too long. Was just at Venue yesterday and thought of you. What works?
can't speak as to why you're tired, in my case though its cause I'm up before 5
: Make sure you're following We've already got the results from several schools districts.
There is so much things that I wish could happen
What's the word on this new Coriolanus, ?
Tue workshoped w/Rich Delia Barden/Schnee Cast., called to intern/be reader next Friday! Wed workshoped w/Paul Ruddy, partner Fern Champion.
i know, im trying to get him to say that!
old New Years Resolution doc... "I wont run out of my diner meal plan before the end of the semester"
#inthesummer i will be taking drivers ed :D
Thug Life
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
If U take advantage of the Email Blast/Fax program, please have request submitted to our office one week before "Blast" date.
Facebook.com/pages/Joey-Diamond/58023042775 ( )
that's a new one on me!
Ya know what? To hell with it all. Yes, I know it's cryptic, but that's the point.
given my mood right now and my current dry spell, my nickname is whatever you want it to be, oney.
My first ever in-person improv experience is taking place right now at the #Summit 2011. Terrifying and exhilarating at once!
What's up
This is tragic. Thx for sharing.
It is easier to be wise for others than for ourselves.Francois De La Rochefoucauld
Got it.....thanks so much for the help!!
You have a smile that only heaven can make
Those are the wedges. I also bought pumps.
Lmfaoooo. I cried laughing at that. Lmfaoooo. How you rape three other men for nine hours ?!?!
Thanks for many great memories, RIP Dick Clark
you still coming to austin this weekend?
Why do musicians have to be awake by six o'clock? Because most shops close by six thirty.
Aaron Craft is an amazing player! I hope he can just put that game aside him and focus on the future. He's definitely one of the best!
The Sacramento Kings are hosting the Portland Trail Blazers tonight at the Power Balance Pavilion. For game tickets, call at: 888-493-0004
and her not wearing pants!!
I have a 9:30 on Wednesday's this semester.
That's Riddikulus. :)
no baby !!
just hit with a follow back
you still ROCK!!!
a quien? Christian?
but.... Avocados are nasty. Ruin alot of good sandwiches............
Whuddup wit u fam? I'm workin on dis party track want u to fukk wit me on it, lemme knw if u down
Research and Markets: Global Service Provider Router Market 2011-2015 : Cisco Systems, Juniper Networks, Alcatel ...
Thanks! It has been rather bad the last few weeks. It's constant & hear it w/closed windows.
#AmITheOnlyOneThat Just Don't Give A Fuck
Had a great time with everyone who attended our Central Station Manager's course last wk. Great people attended and great ideas were shared!
Grand opening of the Commuter Lounge in East Quad & Commuter Corner in Lib. 4-6. Ribbon-cutting with desserts afterwards in Mud Box.
Thinking of checking out for Sunday Night Jazz tomorrow evening.
Organize. Paperwork. Clean up. Getting Ready. Change is in the Air. Revving Up! Fresh.
Cole under pressure.. What that make? DIAMONDS
haha! I don't want anyone dead though.
where do you think ravens go in first rd? O line or lb?
. and headed to a fatal shooting at Knox Ct. and 13th Ave in #Denver this morning; few details
Oh...that wasn't the intention of the response. I was more "SOB"ing myself for screwing up the Twitter humor.
wha??? exists?? in this country?!
If it makes you feel better, you can come to Madison to cover the Macker here. You know, for old times sake. I'll do Endurathon.
oh! Awk it was Dave ramping off in the wheelchair!
": I wish someone would sit with me and talk about everything. I always bottle things up"
Thank you for providing the music and inspiration!
i love you
that's really good news bud! Congrats bro
Had a great day on the road with Coach Clark. Learned a ton. Really enjoyed it.
If "ifs" and "buts" were candy and nuts. Giants own Patriots
I live in DC and support the Nats usually, but my first love is Phillies. I can have allegiances to both.
About a Sagittarius: Open and interested. Generally tall, strong legs. Clothes for comfort, not style. Women act in a "tomboy" manner.
I hate working. I miss Davon already!
Land being bad tonight!!!!!!!!
I'm in for the long haul. :)
change your twitcon.
good point. Lloyd still got material though...I think.
omg is she ur dog now?
... I liked it, but come on!! Lol
I love worst cooks. I now know I'm not the only person who can't cook.
Crazy talent here tonight. New Orleans, Nashville, Virginia Beach,.Atlanta & beyond... Good tunes!
epitomy of real music, love him forever
typically the -ical would be left off the word; maybe word symmetry with alchemical lead the author to choose the -ical form?
Joseph Had a Little Overcoat by Simms Taback: Recycle, Recycle, Recycle. <U+2672>
#Martinez, Chasing the Moon. The universe goes kerflooey in an entertaining & bizarro way, with monsters. this one's for you.
Life is agreeable. Death is peaceful. it is the cross over which is bothersome.
#OccupyBohemainGrove July 14th in Monte Rio, CA - protest where Wall Street and the GOP Boys comes to play.
I never said a word about your license. ;)
Keesh...smh, I want you to come when Kinah is here. She won't be here till next weekend.
where's the invite?...never tried Aussie BBQ before....well if you count Outback BBQ then I have tried it lol
I broke my leg (really, in '01) Go Altmire! RT : Heritage Hall filling up 4 debate bet &
More like, feral wombat or perhaps a feral, rabid, squirel.
exciting! good luck with all the new things! :)
Sweet! We believe it's the perfect look for casual Friday.
they boo'd him out of the city!
Doing Laundry at a laundry mat is so not for me im soo annoyed dude ugh people bumping into me -_-
How the fuck is 'goodbye' a bad word??
Not really. I'm still not quite shooting yet, after a hospital stay. So, I'm just doing site work, DVD editing, for now.
hey stranger over there, I'm really liking that way, u whip it whip it...
Got A NEW #Swimsuit For The Summer!! #CubsSwimsuit :)
that is too true. Rosa what state do you live in? i think you're the only on idk.
how your god baby
People are acting sketchy...
I mean, I have 1,700+ followers w/o the promise (or, in my personal case, threat) of nudity.
Truth, you can't handle the truth
Eli can handle it cmon!
thanks for RT of the RT! :)
Took 4th at SECs with 17'8.5" and had some really good shots at 18 feet which would get me to olympic trials. Its coming
So the hangover came out last year but its obviously still that movie. Everybody tryna #quotethatmovie lol
Thanks. I was looking for this info yesterday and ended up chasing my tail. This will definitely help.
NO!! RT : Do double exclamation points equal double excitement? Discuss.
It's a pancake, not an English muffin. *crying*
watching beastly!!! :D
what the fuck is up with all the moronic drivers at walmart? 3rd close today call due to a ditzy young blonde not paying attention.
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate so when im gone get to meet yo mom and dad
Back home Marine returns.
Thank you for sharing 's article! Two months and one day to go!
ya well im gonna get off for awhile, hope you have an amazing day :) bye !
Who Savana? QT : u know who I'm Talkin bout
K...Your An Asshole!
Cant Stand Ah Sneaky Ass Lien Ass Nigga That Want Be Ah Man And On Up To The Shit!
I have not been keeping up with the playoffs. I need to do better...
Aroldis Chapman just struck out Rickie Weeks with 101 mph pitch. Not the guy you want to see when you're hitting below .200.
sweet does that mean my daughter gets to join Sag?
RT : Great organizations promise something, deliver something, and believe something that no one else does. - Harvard Bus. Rev.
A perfect day for a SLURPEE!!!!!!!!
Great that won the Chevron World Challenge. But with only 4 non-US golfers in the field, it wasn't much of a world challenge
Excited to announce that the Ph.D in Arts & Technology at UT Dallas has now been approved! (via )
Attending Opening Session on Healthcare Reform. We all have a long way to go.
that's because when that ass clown schultz says something only 12 people hear it!
Hmm. Not sure I'd want to get tipsy on a hike, but I'd rather take a small flask of whiskey than a heavy bag of wine.
great! Thanks! Keep doin an awesome job
Planet Fitness real quick
So i send you a tweet saying good morning then you tweet good morning? how am i ever suppose to get noticed by you. </3
The are taking over the big leagues. 7 game winning streak, back over the .500 mark.
damn. Let's chill soon. Forget my number or what??
That was not my best idea.
in advisory
Could be! Many go under the radar for years.
Day 96 of 100: I am thankful for being so close to the 100 :)
Yes! It will just be inside...with no camp...and no fire. RT : Is the campfire on Friday still on if it's raining?
thanks so much
We have a God that is large and in charge!
At sams club
RT : #THATCamp Columbus campers: expect an email soon with details on parking (it's free!), post event meetups, and more!
U in dc tho lol RT I need to! lol Who trying to go workout with me?im Serious
Happy friday
you mad cause I'm stylin on you???
Now thru 2/14/12, for every Tweet/reTweet that includes #heart and ’s, Macy's will donate $2 to Go Red For Women, up to $250,000!
Oh Ira, here we are together alone (with a packed house), tell me what's on your mind.
Which one is it? I am loving Moon Man No Coast.
I was playing at boston latin my boys step pops opened up the gym for us he a janitor
When my mom talks to random people at the doctors office -______- ughh gets so annoying
like its disgusting!! Keisha did nothing wrong! And Ev got the nerve to be crying girl bye!
oh ya! They have some that give you 100 hours of battery on one charge!
The Lakers have the Thunder exactly where they want them.
Happy Leap Day!
The woman I spoke with this morning consumes A LOT of caffeine. I appreciated/feared her extreme enthusiasm. Then, I bought another coffee.
So glad let someone do Ms. Teena Marie justice.
thank u for checkin it out
lol, but would you rather do that or sit bored in the library & see #AustinR awkwardly smiling & making noises @ his laptop?
heard it second-hand. Not sure I could find it, but I will try…
Well done response. Riley's "blind ignorance" as one commenter said is staggering.
love it!
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband.
Not liking his today started: Really Bad Dream, massive knot in my leg that woke me up in tears and a quarter mile walk to my car.
ugh shame shame shame :(
False alarm. Just had to reboot the box. Thanks!
Port St. Lucie FL
Gain-Fest
YOU DO! Lmao, shhh don't tell anyone :)
Just because he played against him doesn't mean he's not boosting, though. It's nit-picking a top talent who deserves better.
A whole summer without camping and I just got a craving for a s'more. Maybe I can make them on my balcony?
#fridayof2011 - Wow our last Friday for 2011. It's been a great year! Shutting the office lights.. see you all Next Year! XO!
Preparing updated electronics for the new Power Flower series for installation at Allegheny College.
you're my house hunters international
I hurt all over but snowboarding sure is fun ;) x
Do you remember me?
Cleveland pitcher Bob Feller
I just peed. Now the whole world knows.
Once a (c) work is allowed to be used casually and publicly, the owner looses control - never know when that can turn on you
wats wrong wit u
ok sierra.
Just realized I signed up to coach rec basketball!
Kohl is honestly just looking for someone to tell him the Bucks are close. What better yes men than lame ducks!
I wish I was pretty without makeup.
;-) as my Pops would say: "Amen. And Amen."
Im in the bathroom FUCKED UP! *Webbie voice*
2 phone booths in Mon Co. that aren't in a prison, gas station or amusement park....what's this world coming to?
My girlfriend knows how to make me happy, just like that lol ^.^
hey! Did we get lawn or seats for brad paisley??
Beerfest then Burgers with my favorites. Yay for ATL in the summertime
James Harden!
hey. I dint know you were a british model. Thanks for telling me. xx
Nice one!
The Bard's #Troillus & Cressida @ Suffolk's Modern was a treat. Seldom performed and strangely topical as the players confront unending war.
EMan just asked me do i have a hair piece on..O_o
Talk doesn't cook rice. -Chinese Proverb
Great start to #OMS12 with a packed workshop by our very own
Windy City Wedding Show 526 Brides Pre-Registered, Vendor Booths are still available. 847-774-8910 for information.
thanks for following! happy
heading to Harbor House for the first time. Stoked for seafood.
Amazing! Simply Amazing!
Stop by ATA tonight from 7-9 for Sarah Hotchkiss's reception!
I swear I'm never fuckin having kids ! That shit for the <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A4> them mfs a no go !
WHOOP WHOOP AWSOME ED AND TAYLOR WORKING TOGETHER.
meeker send off on Saturday at my place. You in??? 3p-whenever.
#ThatAKWARDMomment When Your Moms On The Phone. ANd Here Phone Was DIsconnected SO She Tries To Play It Off Like She Was Talkin To You =/
Off work early...that clearly means start drinking:)
thanks for the #moreq2010 debate - i wish i did not get so passionate about such things. :)
haha ill tell u if she adds me! Tweet her!
God is good news from a friend delivered by messenger eagles.
I got to call Alaska today
God morning! Thanks for the continued support from you and your staff.
Going to be a great sunny day today! Looks like a nice relaxing day at the pool for me!
what's up my nigga and shit soon
Ill Wink At You Cutie But I Would Want Your UnCut Banana Too
We have rooms available at the Comfort Suites Lawrenceville, less than 5 miles from the Gwinnett Arena rates from $69.00 call 678-377-0003
hoped that Goodell and the MN pols were geared up in their GWAR outfits for some serious battles???
For the best in service and repairs, come to Cardinal Plaza Shell - the station with all the decorations!
Don't tweet me personal shit. Wtf is wrong wit u?
I need an email worth reading
Damn bro! Wtf
Portrait of Tracy
WOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOO #Brewers WIN
My socks have mustaches on them, I can't lose today.
RT if you participated in our online seder!
Forced myself to get caught up on email from my absence during #motorcycledaytrip yesterday before I turned on the Twitter. Good morning!
your avi is really cute sis!!!
Party this week @@@
Random thought: If you're born on Leap Day, does that mean you only get a birthday every 4 years?
Shout out to Mississippi night life
Tolls in NC? Feel like I'm in the North already...
The boyz just finished performing (:
"If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?"- J Wooden
We are in San Antonio at the Specialty Tools & Fasteners Distributors Association (STAFDA) show. Come visit us in Booth
But, if I didn't I wouldn't know they read it, and they wouldn't see my dick.
No omg im going right now to pick you up !
We like when dreams come true ;) RT : just saw this...but Stanton Social RT-ed you and me... Dreams do come true!
mine is subway but taco bell is my second favorite
I'm also finding that using miles for upgrades on overseas flights is pretty impossible. Not sure why to have these miles anymore.
RT “: I would give my right arm to audition/ perform with you guys! ...but I wish I was not 12hrs away”
haha. . . Im finna get off twitter. Be good, dont shoot nobody !
I <3 tha dude is a tru man (hustler, father, husband, business man, mans taking care of business)
Ck out the Lotus Law Center Newsletter. It is awesome. Feel free to subscribe. Go to www.LotusLawCenter .com
I know one Buckeye alum that is bracing for a "lack of institutional control" ruling in the near future...
Calling volunteers! Seeking helpers for a WHS booth at Pet Fiesta, Reston Town Center, Sat. 5/5, 10am-4pm. Email . TX!
Way above average ...
<---extremely proud of this one :-)
The Wild Rumpus has relocated, heaven is about to get more... Monstery.
I want to marry a cowboy like George strait!
The boot Friday
six scholarship essays down and its barely put a dent in the pile...
y'all didn't leave yet?
RT if you are going to church today ? Church Bound
Michael cuts my hair too. He does great work. Ask him about the secret stash of Fireball...
Thanks for following!
Idk about that,, I dont think he should give it up I jus think that he needs to gets back on his classic grind.. He gots it
Be in the media for all the good respectful reasons, give some money to some Children Hospitals like St. Judes! for cures..
Another night with no sleep that means Party at my house everyone is invited
WeHo, couldnt get tkts 2 Coachella? I got u covered! Check out my COACHELLA RIDE Sat 5pm we'll b rocking out to all the top bands
why i found a food truck by chase that make a catfish burrito with a spanish dirty rice fusion?
Good judgement comes from experience and experience comes from bad judgment! Be Thxful for commonsense! —DJ Hapy Thx Giv'n
oh no! I'm sorry--hope you get it all fixed soon.
ill try for next weekend
I've never owned an android and love my #iPhone - but I doubt I'd make edits on the smaller device. My #iPad however...
RT : Playing tonight at Pampell's in Kerrville with Chris Doege - If I was cool, I would go! Let me know the next gig in ATX!
Just think in 100 years who's gonna care?
Ha! That's pretty darned funny. Especially considering you are a well known guru in the Video/Photoshop world. ;)
*Breath In* *Breath Out* Thank God For the Breath Of Live
Dear your technical problems aren't half as bad as your PR problems.
Just give students a challenge and let them figure out how to use SM/search to solve it.
burned 527 calories doing 60 minutes of "Stair-treadmill ergometer, general"
So cool! I was born in Peoria, it's really great to see the old photos!
Mine too. “: No clue why I even fill out a bracket... It'll inevitably end up crumpled up in the garbage by the end of round one.”
i would love to work with brandy ... and Amerie ....and mary j
You. Yes you. Tweet me (:
Shooting today on my doc check it out!
It always surprises me when I get recognized from work.
Not used to seeing someone other than #Valverde on the mound in a save situation.
Great! I'm putting together a complimentary report on getting more clients. If interested, let me know - will be available soon
Headed downtown to Gino's East for team dinner!
Lots of ugly today between PHI-PIT so Ill focus on a positive-- today Matt Cooke proved he is a different guy this year. Clean all series.
Charity sees the need, not the cause. -German Proverb
Why are we more excited when a person RT's us but not as excited for God to speak to us
Love is not finding someone to live with, It's finding someone you can't live without.
I just said the same thing as your 5 year old and I'm 36!
You still have time to raid the cellar…
I can't wait for playoffs to start. I will definetly make a trip from Newport to catch some of the action. GO HAWKS!
is excited about the launch of our new website this month!
i do, but not as openly. i want to perfect myself first.
Out of class extremely early... M what to do???
Get well soon, kid!
you should hear the new remix of Timmy Thomas's "Why Can't We Live Together" the billboard hit sold 6.5 mill. copies 1972
Kendrick Lamar at U DUB tomorrow
i hope Austin likes the present i got for him (:
Want to try cupping? For FREE?. Be able to evaluate a coffees quality. Safari's Sippin' & Slurpin' class this Sat 10AM. 6 spaces left. Book.
BP profit Gunfire erupts in Syria's Idlib target security talks with more easing Mexico regulators.
perfect weekend at the beach <3 #mygirls!
Love when talks to herself.
honey boo boo child, need you in the house
still clothed though...
good how sweet! They are gonna be best buddies soon!
Hahahaha man our agents are just way to busy signing us with all these great teams! Might as well be #TeamMVPs!!
All the tweets I just RT are hilarious. Everything I hear about around #Abq amazes me how she is still CEO there
I wonder how much business Nandos got because of ???? ahaha
I'm a proponent of the "Yes AND.." approach
Welcome new followers and And remember 503.227.1234 #BroadwayCab is at your door!
agree, if everyone is learning and challenged do they all get a passing grade?
& to all of our followers, THANK YOU!! :) :) :) We appreciate YOU! Have a nice day!
im getting so sick of internet commercials. I can't even watch a 5 second clip before sitting thru some dumb ad.. this sucks...
I was at Subway having an early lunch, wish I would have thought of the food trucks just down the road.
Junk food ban the target of slick video made by Brampton high school students
hey twitter
iight bet :-) she cool wit dat
Anyone want to be a daytime hostess at LPQ midtown?
yep. It's really all about building relationships when you get down to it.
Well done! #PBouchardwatchyourback!
Is DotLoop completely iPad friendly? I fired it up today, but got a flash error but I'm thinking that's the intro videos.
U CANT B SERIOUS!!! Iz BY FAR DA BEST PLAYER ON DA PLANET.....
#NP ~Queen Ifrica: "Lioness On The Rise"...
Happy Single Awareness Day! where the unhappy couples try to make the single people feel bad, n the truly happy ones just do what they do...
Amanda Belch, Yoga Trainer/Massage Therapist at Sierra Fitness and new Lululemon Ambassador has new massage special $65/60min 520 577-9000
Figuratively or literally? ;)
right, I just now got on twitter
man that bitch a pull that shit lmaooo ima run from it lmfaooo
will do :)
Stay classy.
1 second left in the 1st half.
Beautiful Freaks Tour!!!!!
RT I wanna lose 20 - 30 lbs ... I need a crash course diet & workout routine !
Tune in @ 8:30am CJLO 1690 (MONTREAL) or CJLO.COM "LIVE" "Find out where Hoffa is buried, and how the Habs will return"!
yes ma'am
Had a nightmare last night that Michelle Bachmann helped me clean house. Still haunted by it.
hey its not my birthday or anything, but can i get a retweet because there was no "incident" with a firetruck last weekend?
the #KentuckyDerby is incredible even if you dont bet. If you disagree you must be a Giroux fan!
thank you both <3
Scream ( Shut THE FUCKup ) we dont like YOU ! JESUS CHRIST ... GTFO PANDA EXPRESS LOOKIN BITCH
Godspeed to getting well! In our thoughts & prayers!
shit is like a helicopter: 10000 pieces in the air all agreeing for that point in time to act like a helicopter.
I agree with the No Fear part of it but in this case common sense is overrated! How're you tonight Erin? All better
The show goes on tonightt!(:
y eyes clossing
Love you too!
PLEASE FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT !!<U+30C4> I follow back!!
Playing the Epicurean Society dinner. Would rather be eating.
Don't Hate ;D<U+2665>
No worries!!! We're savin the most fun for Sunday - just for you!!
RT : TED launches TED TED website, dedicated to videos of people watching TED talks.
I love seeing my silent movie come together and the poetry needs no spoken words.
A new Alan Wake game?! F*ck yea! Who wants to buy it for me? Anyone?
Seeing lots of tweets for great Foursquare deals from local SD businesses. 'Tis the season! :D
#nowplaying another all time fav .. Rihanna - What's My Name
eh - I think you're too quick to judge, there's a lot worse things they could do, like say "Dear John"
I think it's a yes :)
“: BREAKING NEWS: Netflix is streaming the He-Man/She-Ra Christmas special!” V. IMPORTANT!!
If you could ... In what big city would you love to spend Halloween at? And doing what?
Have to admit, I'm kinda enjoying the fact that over half the "trending topics" in Pittsburgh are people on other towns' baseball teams.
My daughter Isabella was the only one to pick I'll Have Another! Tim Laird must be smiling.
Ohh, that's so cool. ;o
But it’s not hopeless: with some small steps, baby ones in fact, you can get started down the road to positive change
I'm not sorry anymore
Btw, God...dinner at our house is 8:00...just let me know if you need me to change that to accommodate your busy schedule today. Peace.
I miss you GG!
Gay means happy, so let the people who love the same sex be happy. There's no difference, but isn't a douche.
Never mind homework time
Hey Wikipedia: Time to end the blackout! My 1979 collection of Encyclopedia Britannica doesn't know who Honey Badger is.
I can't just go follow someone who doesn't even know I'm alive, what would be the point of that?
Hungry... Guess I'll cook something..
If you follow love, your life will become uncertain, and the ego craves certainty.
We hope that all of our PFCLA moms had a wonderful Mother's Day!
I walk differently when I can hear my heels click
Who is this Ben Cohen and what's his stance on the Mississippi personhood amendment?
Are you talkin' to me? Because it feels like you're talkin' to me.
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen you see without braces!!
I misbehaved last night. But I did win a piece of art in the Revel auction. Too drunk to remember what it looks like.
Close one
Jiffy Lube: come for the service, stay for the coffee.
Real life, man. It's so demanding! As is my inbox. Let's ignore it together.
please ad on facebook today!
Today I have choir auditions and I also have breathing problems. Fml.
Made a little maple bacon infused rye whiskey last night. Batch 1. Feedback needed. Any takers? Ahem
I hope she is ok
Uploading videos is so boring...
lol I want to help out bcuz I'm a selfless, kind person.... Nah jk I really want to meet Jordan too :P lol
OH MY GOSH ZACH I MISS YOU :(
wys then he laughed about the situation... Im sitting here like really???
I'll deffo like link yer blog tho #CREDITU maybe I could write a bit about you too? I hope you don't mind
Adolescence is perhaps nature's way of preparing parents to welcome the empty nest. - Karen Savage and Patricia Adams
I luv Bo
Thx! Changing my password now!
Oh what the fuck.
Your secrets are safe with me ;)
No SCVs here, just, umm... sympathizers (but only to a certain extent...<g>). Feel free to share that track.
North OAKLAND go get your Besto Pesto this weekend at the SACRED WHEEL CHEESE AND SPECIALTY STORE AT 4935 SHATTUCK AVE. Sold DAILY.
Can't wait for SUMMER <U+2600>
One punt return by lsu is more than 30x the yardage nd has all season
Life blossoms during childhood. During youth it grows up through inward tension & spiritual struggle on the way to truth
Good luck to the #cougs tomorrow vs. #asu! FYI: I am secretly a cougs fan. I have a football signed by Jason Gesser!
Great! It will be so nice to have someone to meet up with when I get there!
is the real queen of Pop!! She's shown more crack than Britney's snorted....
Glad that you agree Marci - Enjoy the sun!
It would be nice if would have phone charging stations.....
16 days until I meet and at
Easy to dream a dream but harder to live it...
True n i aint know it was that much beef...
When you think too hard about something that someone once said, it will drive you crazy.
so cute! congrats on the new baby!
I miss last year's bullpen.
I fucced a bitch twice and I ain't even know, somebody had to tell me that was the same hoe.
ooh thanks for the sneak peek! looks great. would love to see how you're handling the "also try" section too...
THEN ID DIE
You can send in any pictures you have with him for the vid! Anything to show him we love him! (:
For once my room doesn't feel creepy <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I ment to click Africa and I dident find out I clicked NASCAR untill I sent the drawing
I'm way too excited about this whole #DoritosLocosTacos thing
was just what I needed to cure my home sickness. Thanks for a great time!
Taking kansas to win it all in my bracket
This Saturdays show will be hosted by the lovely and talented Andi Woody! It's the nicest looking woody you've ever seen.
you definitely picked a party girl ;) check ur DM! Thanks for the follow, love...
It's not even 11 AM yet & I've already seen 2 prostitutes on my street. Life is good.
I wish i was a twin. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
": for all have sinned & fall short of the glory of God. -Rom 3:23"
Ah, that gatorade was good. Thanks to William.
Another day of running up against a wall, on everything...
Heather is at the movie's with her friend. I'm done with my homework. And i'm bored as hell.
Waking up and reading the headline "Dimora had insatiable sexual desires" is not a good start
Sixteen and Pregnant trended getting pregnant..
There must be a million uses for harissa that have not yet been discovered. I'm very optimistic!
k then.
that looks great!
Spent the entire day with my amazing boyfriend. I don't know where I'd be without him.<3
tells me lysol is just liquid neosporin
Men of few words are the best men.
House. Committee holding hearing on communitty banks. Next comes bill on aging tires. Big lobbyist interest. ABATE will weigh in.
thanks for publishing a great piece on today - "a liberal dose of Reality" indeed!
follow back?(:
great - thanks for contacting us. Sending you a DM right now with a free access code for our launch beta program invite.
k...night tweeps...
I've been HACKED! Ugghhhh, do not open the link from me that went out this morning,
The pieces all fit together. Yet everything was falling apart.
I just got an empty envelope - is that comparable?!?
not yet, dunny...but will look for it
If it was our black POTUS with the DOG on the car the GOP would've. IMPEACHED him!
One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one<U+0092>s work is terribly important.- Bertrand Russell
Sorry for venting...
Good point: Job descriptions should include the skills that are required for the candidate to be successful in their role.
The fact that wants to see us Lanes before he goes back home. >> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Lunch was great fish an salad. Yummy to my tummy. LOL
Really dont feel like waiting on this
oh, that means so much to me, xx.
cant DM you with no follow.. damn!
yeah !maybe
Thank you for reminding me to NEVER get married!
Today is NOT National Tell a Lie Day.
#InCaseYouDidntKnow im a King
Thank you to and for speaking at this morning's
#SECRETCIRCLE #THERIVER #THEFINDER Canceled? SERIOUSLY. This is dumb this sucks. I am SO pissed. :| -______________-
quit smelling Carl's mouth and get back to studying!
nigga breath smell like he just had a social shitdown sammich.lol
p.s., did I see you saying something about being at the party tomorrow? Cause I will be there too.
and We dislike chicks with dusty dreads.....LOL!?
Always crazy for Jonas Brotehrs ?
Really? That's disappointing.
Grizzlies are amazing, formidable and best viewed on TV.
Agreed. I'm almost curious enough to watch them... Almost. But won't hahah
off to see what #SachaBaronCohen can do with a guerrilla performance in a scripted film … here's hoping #TheDictator brings a few laughs
exactly! What better way than to make Christ famous!
aha. I remember when he 1st said that I'd be like ' wow were getting serious ' but no, he's just getting way to comfortable!
We getting it in .....in the lab with making a slapper ......loyalty-EOS
Sometimes I wish I didn't know English, so I would never read either of the phrases "sophomore album" or "compulsively listenable"
It's amazing how someone can break your heart, but you still love them with all the little pieces.
Go to our site & check out our new background. also, vote in our poll on the right hand side. lastly, click our ads so we can make money
#WhileInARelationship do you ever find yourself killing time at the mall?
www.findinghope.tv Our new website!
": #SomeoneIWantToMeet " This would be nice ^-^
Are you doing the winter seminar in DC? If so, enjoy!
who is that ugly bearded hippy beside you in your profile pic dude
im working on my 4 minute video now to upload! Robyn Banks Is Coming Mama!!!
No! Adrian's going to be with me and everything!
We look and dress as we like.
STOVE AND TREADMILL HAVE JUST BEEN SOLD STILL GOT A FRIDGE FOR 75 BUTCHERS RACK FOR 30 GF BBQ INDOOR GRILL W STAND 75
I have a lot o Lyme Disease medication and supplements to get rid of. Can anyone help me "dispose" of them? (FB)
Thank you!
I still exist
i knoww (: it's cause half of the class is doing the National Day of Silence (:
Eastbound today to NYC. BOOK EXPO
e's ny rez - play wii at my house, yipee
hopefully fall!!
Building shaking in Buffalo....
Bold move by Houston to keep Wandy in for this AB
so ready to be laying on a beach!
Chilly day. House seems quiet after the weekend.
Hearing sen. Marco Rubio at RVA convention center. Impressive
NO... DON'T TOUCH ANYTHING! RT : "Let's talk about selling cars, Paul."
Just finished the practice round now banquet time
I don't. She's put herself here. She COULD still turn it around, I admit. However, I would doubt it. Too far screwy. haha
Enjoying a Dark & Stormy at Atomic Cowboy in STL, made with ginger liqueur.
this morning was fantastic. My toes and tummy are thankful
Belly dancers, are you shopping this Thursday morning? Check out my shop: www.MagicCarpetDanceArts.etsy.com.
It'll be easy on u and i'm pretty sure your future students will learn tons of things on that field. ;) aja
I would keep it anonymous. Especially if this is something you plan to study or if you plan to get IRB approval for 1 day.
That moment when you look at your crush and saw that they were looking at you first.
Stoked to have presidents day off. The whole day is mine to do whatever I want with. I'll finish that theme song for 's podcast.
my pleasure doc! #ISendUDo <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>..i know how much U fellas HEART chest work.so today was a happy day!!
|#quotes Most people struggle with life balance simply because they haven't paid the price to decide what is really important to them.
Do not think of knocking out another person's brains because he differs in opinion from you. It would be as rational to knock yo
I was appalled to hear that she is 44 years old! Thought she was 70. Hope her child will suffer no lasting skin issues.
i forgot how to reserve a classroom. too many rules.
Yeah, it's the system that's ultimately put in place... #1968CampusTweets ;-)
so my family embassed me by having my cousin's cute friend take a picture with me .__.
One week down, three weeks to go. Peace out, job!
Agreed RT I really need to get a new tacky Christmas sweater soon!!!
The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves
where did you have an interview at?
Button Up!!!! ftw
Ouch! I burnt my finger with a curling iron earlier and it still hurts really bad! ):
We live alone. We die alone. Everything else is just an illusion.
I am taking a half-day, just to celebrate.
"He who kneels before God can stand before anyone."
working on another bird drawing! see what I have so far www.shadowglacier.etsy.com
OMB! I want the Golden Package but… :'( hasghxdhqwprtujfghyxvsz I'm so sad let's just say that I can't ask for it… CMAO! (cryinMyAssOff)
Think I'm going to stay in bed all day and watch hulu plus.............unless I get a text or phone call.
I did. I'm not as clear cut as you'd assume!
I wish #WeCouldBeLike Sun and moon so I Neva hav to c you!
I see you have a new obsession?
"A right delayed is a right denied." -MLK, Jr.
RT : he looks sad aw
Driving range with my mom!
RT : Go the extra mile. It's never crowded.
:) youre the greatest! I hope you fall in love with our jams! We have a new cd on the way! Whats new with you??
No. And it's only a fraction of the numbers that gathered to hear Hitler. You're RIGHT!
Where are you headed?
Almost had a heart attack!!! I'm in the kitchen cooking and thought I was out of
Washington Hights what's good?
Welcome Back, we missed you
Talent show audition today! WOOHOOOOO
how have you been dude?
Hey hey Happy Birthday, lady.
Hate when I bite my tongue in my sleep then I find mythelf with a lil lithp for the remainder of the day
Avengers was awesome!! Now time for Cabin In The Woods :)
Peeing with the door open when no one's home \m/
I will soon have museum, medical AND law library experience. Only half done with my MLS & have three library jobs to put on my resume. Mayj
I think its very sweet from you
you said you see all your fans tweets...i'm just happy you're smiling right now :)
Thanks! Can't wait to see your new website. Let us know when it's complete, so far so good.
#middleschoolmemories listening to avril lavigne in computer class with
we are set for tomorrow to go to Antoich to visit homeowners, I will meet you at the office Shout out to casalatino!
Cinco de Mayo Fiesta!
If I had a # KeurigVue brewer I would call it my buddy that wakes me up.
Hahaha! I haven't seen this much red since Chappaquiddick.
battlelog now shows both xbox and pc. M1911 loaded in xbox and it actually saved my lvl/equip! gtg
m...crap! Now I have to get cleaned up...again! Lol. ;)
you like to live dangerously re: crossing street
RT Why dont you help your dick get out of dehydration and get it wet you fucking virgin.
trafficky ('træf<U+026A>k<U+026A>) informal (of a street, area, town, etc) busy with motor vehicles
I love it when d-bag Loserville fans reply to my tweets. Cracks me up at how classless they really are.
Wish I could have seen that! : Everyone singing Happy Birthday to
and I will perform "Sawdust in Your Eye" tomorrow night at Flicker! #BobSeger #TomWaits #Creed = Trifecta of Rock Legends
I Got A Cool DJ Name lol
Come to the first All Candidates meeting on Tues Nov 1st at Richmond Executive Inn, 6.30 pm. I need your support!
i wanna be in that scraapbook plz
It's a WRAP! Happy Memorial Day, we hope you all have a great weekend, see you Tuesday.
Friday. The light at the end of the work week tunnel. Whew.
you say you don't give a fuck, and i say i'm through with you, then you come running after me and baby i'm back with you
Wouldn't change a thing, but it sure has been a ling time coming!!
oh noes.... foursquare updated their API requirement. now my 4sq hacking will have to get more savvy. :-)
follow me back please! #FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE <333333333333
right? that movie is amazing
Yes!! Full of Gratitude for a life changing wkknd that brought light @ end of the tunnel right in front of my face! Stay Tuned!
And I've been up for 18 hours, only got 3 hours of sleep last night, and I am feeling exceptionally grumpy.
The spirit of Massachusetts is the spirit of America the spirit of the red white and blue
RT : RT : OH: "It's like an iPhone that doesn't fit in your pants."
much appreciated thanks (:
Damn bitch... Y u ridin the bitches nuts so hard haha!!
I'm working! next time tho!
well now ur just proving facts
Why is v103 obsessed with gucci mane
Hate to bust your bubble #soccer stud, but that girls team isn't watching u, they're waiting for your team to get the hell off their field.
See Dan read: Baboons can learn to spot real words
Big dream aka the black slash
Hooray for starting to get over this cold!
greg, get your butt to LA!(:
In light of Kim K's divorce, I'd love to know how your #nonprofit could have used the $10mil she spent on her wedding to #DoGood instead?
lol... yall gonna make me blush
you can buy the shirt on our website
Watching these crazy Steven Jo videos,dude is crazy
Postin new videos shortly
I'm ashamed to say I'm more into the Foo Fighters performance than Chris Browns..
Very excited to be back in - such a beautiful space!
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth. -Benjamin Disraeli
Your Drag Name: First name=the name of your first pet. Last name=the first (named, not numbered) street you lived on. I am "Tippy Pompano."
didnt c it sir.. hit us again .. jst Kno that the site is being revamped and will be back soon n all submissions will b posted
Had yummy homemade Indian food this weekend @ a friend's. She sauteed cumin seeds w/salt and dry rice before adding water to cook!
Guess we're going to #TheOysterHouse :)
I got a new hobby.. =D.
I was freaking out when I went for a run without my ID . Then I remembered that a valid Pitt ID is not required to enter the Hart residence
That looks like it could be an creation.
Blessings, love, and appreciation to all who have carried, delivered, adopted, mentored, and love as would a mother. Happy Mother's Day!
Sup guys?
RT Aye J been 2 long how are you feeling?!?? Whats going on man! Need to DM you my new # (still waiting on it bro)
<U+2665> I won't be down anymore! No more :)
Goodbye #Regionals Goodbye #Detroit Until next year. Regionals in #MKE Its going down!!! E- YIP
Really enjoyed THE AVENGERS. Funny, fast paced, and great action. Congrats to fellow Clevelanders who worked on it!
Watching on 's
Please make sure to follow my personal Twitter -
please follow me for my birthday!<33i have school tomorrow so i have to go to bed soon an al i want is a follow:) please?
"A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies"
Life without problems is like school without classes. You won't learn your lesson.
naw not till 30th hut I might be out of town. Might
how are you Joe? :)
have you seen any celebrities in NYC yet? cc
hahahaha, well you see these guesses. Nobody even came within a thousand. Hahahaha.
Guess who has two thumbs and can eat salad again? This girl right here! I never thought I'd be excited for this...
every girls a fucken princess...
I am now wearing reindeer horns.
scratch that. No spots:(:(
yeah sure :)
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it
good just finished celebrating my bday
Read my "reflections on a year of service" www.tiaramag.net
yes! thanks lol
I'll link up wit u when I get back :)
wit her crocked back ass.
Get ready. RT : Heading to plot the revolution with tomorrow. Then back in NYC Tuesday.
nope, not yet...Go Bucks! You scared now?!!
I will call you. Thx. Let's do lunch Monday. ??
Why are they scared!!! Smh
I have a test tomorrow, please pray I pass <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
At the :ard
hi Ms. Bobeah....you look nice today.
Dear Chase Bank: Please do not send me an email confirming a change of address with the words FRAUD and ALERT all over the subject heading.
thanks for the Book People love.
I hate the coverage that FSC produces...I could honestly do better from my f*cking garage! ;-)
no we have to babysit tonight for some people from church :( but tell alyssa sorry and happy birthday for us!
Going to my cousin's 5th birthday party. <U+E312><U+E310><U+E112><U+E34B>
only 2-0 lead in the playoffs. nice.
there were tons yesterday too. I thought it was old timer day before the game an his fans were reppin
Father's Day at the Schwarzenegger's was probs purdy dang awkward.
God damn. I think we need a sloppy sixty-nine ... you're not in Austin are you? Haha, no way I'm that lucky.
Thanks for a great chat. Brought back a lot of CMU memories. I look forward to future collaborations.
Good morning every one<3
Retreat with my confirmation group tomorrow then Arise. Going to be nervous as hell. I'm not cut out for this
Alex missed baseball opening day photos & has to miss spring picture day tomorrow too because of strep throat :(
We will be making our predictions for the 2012 season soon! If you have any thoughts on the matter, let us know!
“You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment.” Henry David Thoreau
Or nukes. Unless you have a tube radio squirreled away somewhere.
Inspired and loved! Great combination! Lotto? I've already won!
Who's still playing "Visions" on a daily base?! Make sure to show your friends and have them pick up our EP on iTunes!
Been feelin sick since friday ugh
LoL, He said other day he was going to put that joke as his prof. It says hes a mom for gods sake lol :)
Yes, woo! Come over!
I don't want to get out of my bed
My 14th birthday is tomorrow I can't wait!! And the best part is that I get to see Jason wingfield!:)
Sad, but true.
My child support judge said I look like Chris Rock too. Enjoyed the show. Hilarious.lol
that's my shit!!! Hands down best way to clean is to #drill or #trap !!!!!
Stats class came in very handy today. Good investment!
She comes off very strong & supportive. She's not a major part of the book but definitely leaves a good impression!
Can we get a RT for complimentary new #ShockTopWheatIPA at Bucks on Regent tonight from 6-8pm? Hopefully you can make it!
Just went to cyberspace to renew my license at www.cyberdriveillinois.
making reptile hands!
Our sweetest songs are those that tell of saddest thought. Percy Bysshe Shelley
profile picture won't change either!
Great to hear Bob Uecker's voice on the radio!
I didn't realize this is the hotel Ronald Reagan was shot in front of.
..and I heard him exclaim as he drove out of sight, "Merry Christmas To All and To All, A Good Night...CHOOSE TO BELIEVE!!
so according to #arizona's new anti-#abortion law, tampons & napkins are now considered baby blankets.
Dwight D. Eisenhower In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
Well this is a great pic to wake up to! (;
what do you look for in a film festival?
Blue is out in my arms!! Your boy is about to benne out too!
Haha, yeah well.
*Sob sob sob* Pray for Pauly :'(
Just finished a Beautiful Relocation Guide for Colorado Springs,.. Know anyone moving here,.. have them call me at 719-599-3888
please hang out with me this time! Haha
Boker tov! Day 3 begins w/ a trip to the gym before my peers wake up & we enjoy another delicious #Israeli breakfast. Thanks
what? So cute.
Catch me tonite at #tropicalblends special guest With FREE until midnight
Support with a 1yr subscription for $18 & $9 goes back to Go Red! Call 760-317-2311 and mention SGORED to help support!!
great idea!
How about Third Thursday, October 20? We'll be showing episodes 1-4!
Good Morning everyone! Let's start the day in a positive way. Do something nice for someone needy!
Manning Marable's new Malcolm X bio says X gave Alex Haley a photo of Malcolm & Billie Holiday together during Malcolm's "Detroit Red" days.
Oh :( I thought the link said pushpeen
"Please send money at once. I have fallen into errors with landlady!"
The day you feel in love with me ..I feel in love with you
i see you out here promoting
Yes! Last week in the office I walked by the TV (we have a TDKR countdown) when it hit 99 days and shouted "We're under 100 people!"
I need to get some Talking Heads from
haha really? I'm about to bake some chocolate chip cookies RIGHT NOW! :D
#isitjustme or is stubbing your toe one of the most painful things you could do depending on how you hit it
I think I'll be deff by the end of the night
Got a flat tire.Pulled over to change it. Stupid guy says Did your tire go flat? I said No,I was driving along& the other 3 just swelled up
RT : Everyone should follow & REWEET THIS!!! :-x <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
#DCDrinkUp is looking for help in creating a logo. If you're graphically inspired and can help let us know!
"The Hunger Games" is very, very good. Fans will not be disappointed! #thehungergames (review embargoed/coming later)
He's the only giy I would ever change for.
Conquering my day off! Lol God is good! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
RT : + kindle + Amer Civil War reading/research = portable power tool packed with open/free resources!
After watching Trent Richardson in games and now during his pro day, there is no doubt in my mind that he is the SAFEST pick for the
what u been up to?
I'll call u later
Sarahrose needs to stop sending me these gross videos.
Yes my 1st block was absent I hope my 2nd is to :-)
ha ha just seen you send it out as I logged in so I wanted to be first!
It looks like the co-host of Grilliant Ideas Radio has shaved his beard off...interesting...
Have less than 10,000 followers? (#RETWEET this now & follow to gain 100+ followers )
thx. will check your site out.
Know that emptiness is an illusion. No matter how much you have suffered, your soul sees you as whole.
intriguing thought!
I guess it happens. Lol! Well I am glad ur doing good.
Sadly, no love for QUEENSBRIDGE from Ron Artest tonight :-/
today makes 6 months i think im in love<U+2661>
China seeks contracts with Brazilian suppliers to establish deals in terms of quantities of raw materials to be exported....
What a lovely day in NYC. Just passed by the exhibit by the highline. So cool!
hey! I just made my first application! Do you have any ideas for next projects?
Young Homie in the next half hour! -
Whoa. Count me in.
Sorry about that stupid post about me being depressed and all. Happy thanksgiving!
A white cat crossed my path. Does that mean 7 years of good luck? I hope so!
RT : With the exception of women, there is nothing on earth so agreeable or necessary to the comfort of man as the dog. ~...
thanks for the follow -- your music is fantastic!
did I steal her tweet or something?! <U+E40D>
if anyone is bored and wants to check out my new program click on my website link
wanna give me a shout out ? Thanks.
I can't :((((( what time are you leaving on friday?
Transplanting lettuce starts today. Specialty salads on the horizon.
Haven't had Internet :( I miss twitter but I'm super excited for 420 tomorrow day off Chilln wit my favz :)
Bonkers are no longer available, but word is that Leaf Brands bought the rights and may re-release them later this year!
Snooki, Jwoww, Deena and Sammi all safely checked in at Newark Airport for Florence, Italy to film the new season of Jersey Shore. Cleavage!
yo Mr. Telephone man...it's all good. I was just surprised/joking. Hating is cheap. I'm too rich to hate. Hating is whack!
Happy Birthday ! When are you going to write a children's book? :-)
I'm sorry, but this is NOT rain - this is #Seattle being washed.
Pretty sleepy
Umm, yea...about that. Any chance you can un-reverse the pick? Thx. Srsly tho, Pujols will come around. Just wait and see.
Capitol hill is buzzing with freaks,hipsters and cool kids. Times like this I'm so happy I live here.
Three words. Where. Amazing. Happens.
Bradley discusses Top Rank, Pacquiao, Casamayor, fatherhood - Crave Online (blog)
. I was the 11th pick of 12... Had some big Free Agent moves that helped.
By the way, how about a return follow to a guy that remembers when you were born?
takin a picture with both trees is on my list too !They will still have the one up at Rockefeller center when I get there!
indiana dryvit contractors, dryvit contractors indiana, indiana dryvit companies, dryvit companies indiana, indiana dryvit repair, indiana
Yes, there's that
RT : Who wants a pair of season passes to ? Listen at 5:22pm to know what key word to text! 69822 is our number!
Congrats on the Eddy Award!!! :-)
I think and would make great stuff! They're video from a storm was enough..they should make a channel!
We want to meet you on our other social sites! goo.gl/7unUD
Happy hour. I mean New Year. Happy hour New Year.
Received a generic reply to an email I sent to #Katehi regarding the #ucdavis police brutalization. Why is she still in office ?
Thanks for the follow and taking interest. Right back at ya'!
Sorry I haven't been on Twitter a lot, I've been busy w/ cheer, dance, voice, and MANY more.
It's College Night! Free Chicken Sandwich when you buy a Lg. Drink & Lg. Waffle Fry. Deals start at 5pm :)
what's the offer? I'm at the bar!
damn...i guess i better head back home then.
I just saw a book at the thrift store of setlists at Grateful Dead concerts. It was a well-worn volume. I passed on it.
Quinn.! Don't do it.! If you date him, that means you've dated everyone but Mike.!
": Some things are just so awkward to say, yet so easy to text."
oh yes, and i had a big time photo shoot last Friday.
Any tips on how to become a successful entrepreneur? I just started My Own Fingerprint company and could heed advice
Sigh. I should NOT grocery shop when I'm hungry! Gah! Rookie mistake!
are you a teacher at dallas center-grimes?
I just got a fb friend request from u though? Ah yeah I've been meaning to check out Charles new album! I will
You knew.. RT : s/o 2 came thru n the clutch lol fcks wit u
Volunteering does show that your ego in in check. a great way to start.
rats!! it'll be online, soon :)
Listening to reggae with Jamaicans > ctfu they be going in
follow back
I need an affordable email list for retailers who need business loans
"I'm gonna miss Comic Con!" a somewhat surprised realization from
Checked into the villa and relaxing effective... NOW. See y'all in a week.
oh cool the first photos of jay-z and beyonce's baby i totally give a shit about that
I am one such individual! I'd like to be there!
The song #Springsteen never gets old
Dear Happy Hour, Please come sooner. Sincerely, Everyone at
Ha Thats Cool
It's not really ha ha humor but I might throw in a 30 second joke if I can summon some funny...
First Fitness Boot Camp starts September 19 and goes through September 25. 9-11am every morning. Sign up now!! www.Tenacitycircusarts.com
This is taking forever. GET IN HERE AND STAB ME ALREADY! ...wait, please leave...I was jus...
As a hot dog fan, I'm going on record saying I have no problem with Pink Slime.
Ladies get ready....DJ E Square just confirmed he will be spinning whitney all night!!! All the greatest
Watching the rebroadcast of at #pcma12. Kind of sad I missed this awesomeness live in person.
Nice wallpaper!
doesnt know who Rev Run is lol
u coming to the over night?
To those that vandalized the lights on my house, you are really cool.
The Iron Duncan Sheik.
Johnson walks Valencia and Parmalee comes up for the #Twins. #Orioles up 4-2 with runner on first for Minnesota.
Alan West is INSANE! Has anyone listened to this man lately?
Kites rise highest against the wind-- not with it. - Sir Winston Churchill
I am allergic to ny
yes ma'am
Ed has received advanced certification in & was a principal in development of Arthur Young's strategic planning & management methodologies.
Realize that there`s a difference between falling in love with someone and falling in love with the idea of being with them
“Man's greatness lies in his power of thought.” – Blaise Pascal
Thank you so much for following , , and Hope to see at one of our upcoming events!
No worries. We can certainly do it again if not tonight. Just *really* excited now.
that's exactly what I was thinking of! LOL! Or if not transformers we could see final destination 5!
Yo that last drop was EPIC son!!! You keep changing the game yo......
Thanks for the great information!!
I am mke sure yu call me
dang iPhone
Man who just tried 2 have phone sex with me when I called to tell him he won a party at McFadds, u sir get extra free apps Thursday night.
Overall lack in strong winds higher up in atmosphere should help to keep significant svr storm chances away from SW and SC WI this week
School blows; ._.
These fees be doing the most with they drawn on eyebrows.....
My dad overreacts about everrryyythingg.
Ignorance, conceit, anger, jealousy - and greed stem from a lost soul
i think that they dip their fried chicken in Kool Aid
thank u sir... “: fan of your work homie”
Just got my shooting schedule for our reality show for this week! Looking forward to filming with my girls:)
Nothing like hitting your knee cap on the corner of the coffee table at 3 in the morning. Well I'm wide awake now.
Watching the movie in school..... Thats when school turns kool
What a friggen block Larry!
Last full day in LA... Loved watching the kids in class with Stacey Tookey. So proud of Zach, Kelsey, Malik, Bre and Becka!
aww yay I'm glad soemone's reading it and probs not till tomorrow !
I've never seen you be so quiet! Watchin HGTV
Just downloaded Monster Movie, Tago Mago and Future Days. On the Can... it'll be a while.
This is fucking scary. I don't wish this on anyone.
I need something to do today. Anybody have something in mind?
Who is my inspiration ? Madison Alamia. Who is my crush ? Madison Alamia . Who do i like besides him ? MadBoy.:D
RT : RT BREAKING: Associated Press declares Mitt Romney winner of Republican primary in Ohio
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out. - Walter Winchell
Inventory reduction sale going on now ! Please help us make room for new 2012 models! All sizes available at deep discounts!!!
Had an 8 year old drop by yesterday selling cookies for a fundraiser, he immediately told me they were overpriced. His mom just grinned.
We either define our fate or we are defined by it.
i love my meme
you're welcome Josh! Thanks for the kind words.
Never bet against #Madonna Hope she does a great Job #HalftimeSuperBowlShow Super Bowls are times in History we will never forget.
Testing New Twitter App....it's called Buffer looks too cool.
G Silverman: trace of materiality in textual material, not merely shared reading, forges intimacy.
Thanks for the follow. Liking your prez.
That's great! RT : Well done Steve. I've dropped 23kg in about the same time, diet and exercise = better life!
Let me tell you how it will be/there's 1 for you 19 for me/'cause I'm the Taxman/yeah I'm the Taxman.
Must be a warm year, this 2011. Still have yet to even turn on our heat this winter.
Happy Mother's Day to all my mommy friends!
Is it a crime, to fight, for what is mine? - Tupac Shakur
Thanks for that RAD DAD shout-out last night on KUNM!
We've received lots of shipments for Small Expressions, opening May 12. We're excited and can't wait to host visitors!
Bored and this phone keeps going slow
Now Following
#itsabaddaywhen your alarm clock don't go off in the morning.
- Depends on what it sounds like and whether or not you have the right promo material.....
Only 5 days left to get in on the Memorial day dockside kickoff party or pre-order your tour! www.PortlandBoatTours.com
Holy traffic, I just want my dunkin
Lesson taken from the existence of a territory beyond in all dystopian novels: international anarchy is the guarantor or liberty.
Many iSpire fans requested an easier hashtag to follow. So now you can search NspiredBy for complete Proverb inspirations by
Story League's first show was AMAZING!!!!! Congrats to all my teller friends!
Watching my dr who is 20 min late for my appointment stand outside and talk to some dudes :-/
Darn!! Really upset about Terra Nova being cancelled!! Everyone said it sucked but I really liked it! I was a faithful watcher!
The basketball wives commentary is so loud on my TL right now..So much analysis
At Wakemed ER waiting for them to release my husband. Need clean EKG before we can go home.
the ischool here has a class on digital forensics. I was contemplating taking it this summer.
sweet baby Jesus! I just saw these tweets. You're going to be working on WWZ?! I just crapped myself.
it's my blood SUGAR, not blood pressure!!
Thanks, Daniel. You've already been a huge help! I appreciate the links you gave me.
This fittest woman on earth thing on espn is stupid...
I really don't know what I would do without music.
Then, you could integrate products you could sell on your sites which is way to do on how to make money fast
All the gay dudes & ladies just stood up at the same time & started dancing !! What a sight
Success is the best revenge!
Battle training in 30 minutes! Colonials will be ready for this summer's battles!
This coachella live with dr dre, snoop, 50, wiz, eminem is going hard
people like adrenalin!
does anyone else have the strange sensation that Lester Holt is getting ready to take over the nation? asking for a friend.
Delete processing a condition of gift agreement for LC Twitter Archive – continuously redacted archive. Young
Apparently I've become that girl who puts on sneakers with a dress for walking to the Metro station. Don't judge me. My heels hurt.
Just got the shirts in today and they are comfy as all hell. Can't wait to get these out to you guys on Sunday!
picture of footballs
my daugther sarah is making me a fan we r now seing one of ur shows when u all went on ur book tour..n all the good u done n r doin
can we find out how many licks 2 get 2 ya centr
11:11!!(: make a wish!! I wish you will have a really good early birthday!(:
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A1>
If you are in the Washington DC Metro area and you are looking to get in shape and have fun call Lara www.denidanzco.com
When you hold me I feel safe.
No sleep ends up with lots of laughter
Thank you, , for the nice kudos. I'm so pleased to be on your board. Women's Resource Fair was awesome. Looking forward to LAFOFF!
#Boringmoviesynopsis A toxic divorced guy gets chased all over the country and ends up at Mt Rushmore.
that explains how I went from 85 pounds last year to 100 something.. #howattractive I sware I'm only getting better looking
Sharing a table w/ the wonderful women of the Financial Center @ the Refresh Leadership conference
Thanks for the follow, Arielle! Blessings!
Brainy is sexy is brainy. RT : "Brainy is the new sexy" says #sherlockPBS promo; Brainy has ALWAYS been sexy in our house.
you have come so far in such a short amount of time I can't wait to watch you grow even more #MahomieFamily! Good luck moving!
bros and Caltrain is an explosive combination indeed.
so you're not scared of ANYTHING???
“: wassul” You need a phone boy. I be bored as fuck with none to do? Half days! What the moves is?
Somali Rose Body Bar available 5/17
has blocked me. Probably b/c I've fired them. I would care and be sad - but you ain't nobody in this town till I fire you
Do you remember WAY back in 2001...you built a website and "they would come"!!
The wind is back. Wish is would go away .
No girl should ever forget that she doesn't need anyone who doesn't need her. ~Marilyn Monroe
Blink 182 cancels #ROC show. Travis needs emergency surgery...or atrocious ticket sales, you pick.
The opposite of poverty is not riches; the opposite of poverty is justice -Candi Darley
Well my band WAS gonna play with The Plot In You, until Matignon decided that graduation practice is the day before fucking graduation...
i knew the Os were bad but didnt realize they collapsed that bad year after year
- why would they do that? Dean has no vote in the Senate, its easy to attack him.
I never want to give anyone a reason to question my character.
A man is but the product of his thoughts - what he thinks, he becomes. Mahatma Gandhi
you missed out on some major dancing in the rain and wheelchair action.
Enjoy the theater because that's about as good as it's going to get with that flick! ;) BTW, headed to SXSW?
Dwight Howard is a little bitch, shut up and play already.
Great topics crazy how people hide behind the freedom of speech SMH with the store front sign...
RT Making myself a banana shake ! On a diet ! My baby weight is finally almost al gone CHYEAH !
that is a lovely springtime drive! Glad you had fun!
Oh thank the maker! A TOUCHDOWN!
I've just driven past yours!! Was gonna pop in but thought you might be hanging after your wine delivery last night!
District #6. Our tributes are awful, just like the state. :) haha
I remember the first time I heard WMYB was off of my crappy phone while I was on vacation (with no internet) in Florida at 1 in the morning.
with gunna be insane!
me too. Got an 8.
Good to see today.... Nice dude. Good player.
#comcast out last night. Now #xcel power out in my area in St. Paul tonight.
looks like I don't have to clean off my bed tonight
Valentine's Foodie Freebie in #Denver - Complimentary house-made s'mores by the outdoor fire at Swing by after dinner!
The anthropology section is no longer in the Rose room, not that it matters.
ok, time to watch
What the fuck... River Song is actually Melody Pond? Mind fuck.
We're doing "Lunch Bunch" today - welcoming a new member by a few members taking them out to lunch :)
don't for get to vote tomarow for Albertobocanegra punch #55 for 12th ward Aldermen
lol you will..you wanna encourage to make me a lemon meringue pie? =)
I assume that means you're using a translator to tweet? I'm alright just being my lazy self
It's all wet. eww
Former Mpls Park Police Chief pleads guilty to 2nd degree sexual conduct just before his trial was to start. More coming up at 6:10 on CCO.
alrite.the song wont take long anyway
sounds delicious, and probably more so with coffee! :)
You know we'll always be using Twitter! PS. Michelle is unleashed super soon! ;)
"Try to figure out how to do something that is worth talking about." -Seth Godin
thx for the add man lets grab coffee soon
ME TOO
YW! I'm looking forward to Season 3 of Revolution on
Minister Henry Ward Beecher born 6-24-1813. Victoria Woodhull would later spur a campaign exposing his scandalous affairs
my mom reads those...
Eating at McAllisters in Kentucky and ran into someone who went to high school at PCA in Texas...
Watching Project X til I fall asleep
Don't act like you didn't need those 20$ so uh uh don't come at me like that gurrrllll!
spandex in the summertime...only in San Francisco
The lifeblood of our business is that R&D spend. ~Steve Ballmer #Apple <High value for #research!
MR. THE ALTUVE with some nice pop the other way!!!
Just heard #Bieber's new song on He sounded a LOT like Justin Timberlake circa '02
Chalk up another W. Make it a little bigger than usual because it's the stupid Cubs
m....you said it sista!
we will have to get together nxt time u are here.
Non-Goucher applications are due TOMORROW!!
Safe travels, Kait. :)
thanks for the
Annoying ass
Just gone buy my bedroom set Saturday...
what time is practice
And considering i did not train for it.
Our next reception is this Friday from 6-8:30pm. Will feature sculpture and abstract paintings. Hope to see you there!
Why thank you!!
Seeing your mom cry <
“sexy sexy"
i love it when you give me head but i hate it when you give me headaches;
Yes, I was teaching RDA-esque classes before I left MLNC in summer 2008. Mostly talking about FRBR.
We finally got Kizzle and Jaw Breaker strains back...come on in
Outdoor workout two Sundays in a row! In Chicago. In March. Wonderous but strange. The buds on the trees & bulbs bursting make me smile!
Every day is a new day.
Type casting blows!
Red Sox did something right. No PA announcer tonight.
"Enemies make you stronger, allies make you weaker"
Over 100! Thanks and !
Just purchased Garry Marshall's book. Should have it by Tuesday! :-)
Pura Belpre honoree is signing books at booth 2047 . Stop by and say hello.
"I'm still trying to figure out if President Carter is a Lil Wayne album or not"
Hearing the word tornado makes me want to vomit.
WTF is Nia talking about? Romney as a compassionate conservative?
I'll keep it short
I may be able to get it for you within your budget.
look forward to networking with you
RT I would like to go where time stand still and all that doesn't matter fade away”
That said, jpm/citi both allow intl wire transfers online (within limits) so not totally useless
LoL I don't play with substitutes. :x
Houston was one of our first networks to build! Follow our Houston network!
If you haven't tried our Tonno Tuna sandwich yet, you are missing out. Lemon vinaigrette, black olive tapanade, provolone & cucumbers
I find it wierd because my cousin has MORE followers, and more tweets than me and I started my twitter first.
good morning world ... lets get it the dream team ... JUST WASNT MY TIME .....intil now
woohoo, me too! I always have to DVR it.
glad to hear, and let know if there is anything we can do to help!
Sorry about the lotto, TODAY is actually your lucky day.
well I guess, or you could say it costs then less money since they don't have to run a separate single flight for PHL to CMH now
i know you are
what up shorty
So... Paul's "rudiments" (KJV) are Euclid's Elements, the oldest classic math book. Paul saying "disregard math?"
Our HUGE NEWS! http//fangoria.com/index.php/home/all-news/1-latest-news/6881-fearnet-to-showcase-hollyshorts-film-fest-winners
Ye! He did amazingly!
I love you but I love ME more! - =D
Also new we got Monkish Brewing Rosa's Hips, Stone SSR Black IPA and more too!
who hurt you?
i wanna do this double date.
cough cough cough...im so sick, sick, sicks.
Is a situation, apparently. #jerseyshoreference? #whoismike?
I wish would follow me;( never say never? Please follow me!!! <3<3<3
ooh. U stay in Gary
Big time flop by Griffin on that one.
Me too! I'm definitely not too nice ban you. RT : LET IT BE KNOWN CHEATERS, WE WILL FIND YOU AND YOU WILL BE BANNED.
Whaaahooo! Eureka appeared in my hulu queue, finally!
Nice! Do you get the credit for the design and execution?
Got my braces off c:
Always a good night when I chat with
...and that a vapid personality can be camouflaged by a subscription to GQ, but shallowness must be taken in small bites.
Ah, thanks! We do love good Portland eats! RT : Cool site who just followed us.
23 school days left. I can do it. Maybe.
cena and puck is in a lot of PAIN tonight
I just want it like 3 inches shorter and super layered and feathered and stuff for summer.
That's what we like to call nailing it.
#FavoriteLyric swallow me backwards
#SJSharks headed to the power with just under 8 minutes left in the third; needless to say, trailing 2-0, this man advantage is essential.
Keep those submissions coming!
"DoD networks are a Warfighting platform"
New Post - Wearing Refreshing White. - RATE_LIMIT_EXCEEDED.
HAHAHAHAHHA that's why I didn't put anything inapporiate!! I knew you would forget or something
how many songs are going to be on the new EP??
I´m in school...in class my friend was going to hurt the teacher, but when she looked back he got scared, and he fell... HAHAHAHA
may I recommend while you are at Amoeba, pick up some excellent punk from Jersey City's ? Only 7 bucks today.
like a bitch.
Seeking a MacBook 2009 or later w/ iMovie for students to create multimedia projects year round. Help us spread the word?
Some oxygen molecules help fires burn while others help make water, so sometimes it's brother against brother.
haha as long as you recognize her inevitable downfall we're good :-)
RT : #fixaleak Week: a leaky faucet that drips at the rate of one drip per second can waste more than 3,000 gallons per year.
Time to find out what my mother's day surprise is. I am a little afraid.
“: Bout to clock in with " YES SIR!
Wentworth's finished speaking. Someone from Idaho is up now.
awesome! which brand?
ouch! Words and judgements that may bite you....
enjoy the zoo. :-)
Lounge on 20 with the wifey and friends...cool.
well it turned out great. Keep up the good work!
Hey Tom, have you had a chance to check out those apps yet?
Safe was pretty good! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
well. well. well.
bruce! #grammys he looks and sounds pretty good (though admittedly i'm not watching in HD)
Thanks much! Celebrating in #NYC! RT Happy Birthday Scott! :)
wow is this info on the net? I really liked Don I feel for him but hey at least he doesn't have to put up with Vickie's crap
ching chong wing wong can't understand ya
Wishing everyone holidays filled with love, joy, and relaxation! Stay beautiful!
RT : If you're sad about being alone on valentine's day just remember nobody loves you on any other day of the year either"
Thanks for making me dinner :)
Happy Monday!!
loving doctor stalker already bought it on itunes and ive been listening to it all day!! I <3 U
What a save!
No yoga tonight. I am officially under the weather.
yeah okay !!
Had a student write a fake magazine review of her research paper. She cites herself. Brilliantly done - may make this mandatory.
want me to help ya out? :D
nervous as hell! but ready for the #Giants to win this game!
i love that laptop...
Taking a break from the boxes and organizing, so I'm going to read some blogs and news I feel I have missed the past couple of days!
Square Peg sets its soft opening The new restaurant will start dinner on March 21.
had to muuucchh fun last night @ Karaoke....
Hungry to learn more about worship...getting lunch with an Indy worship leader. At Cracker Barrel. Amen.
Nice. What is that supposed to prove except that someone can adapt a template to their needs?
Am I the only one that thinks #Palin is using a superpac 2 pay 4 her bills & travel? She's not running 4 Prez. anymore than me.
: What are ways to deter people from a life of crime in the first place?
see you in february
Haha yep! Tomorrow @ warped tour! :)
Yesterday I told my kids I'm going to work and they said. 3,2,1 sleep now, 1,2,3 wide awake power. Wow they are learning and talking fast.
It is! I love Wilkinsburg. So much character.
Congrats to Hum. Council Advisory Board member Tom Ross on his inauguration today as president of the 17-campus UNC system.
Driving finally!! #ecstatic :)
send me a young whales hat !
The Semantic Filter For Social Media Moderation | From Bogota With Love...
its been a while lol !
Knocked to the ground and attacked. A sexual assault victim hid under the jacket attackers used to cover her face until police arrived.
Thanks, Jon!
bed before midnight for the first time in god knows how long? you can tell this weekend took a toll on me.
Then yes you can be my new best friend
Headed back to the Bay: SAN >>> OAK.
RT : GUANGCHENG TALKED TO ME. WHAT MEDIA REPORTED IS WRONG.
yikes! You should've of backed up your phone first
also, his standul helped me make change from agnostic to atheist.
YES! I caught it, and I'm throwing some right back to you both! xoxo
Im interviewing for the second time on Wednesday! I am nervous :P
cool. Yeah. I'll check out the website. Thx!
You cannot dream yourself into a character: you must hammer and forge yourself into one. Henry D. Thoreau -
We got some rhubarb from jordan's mum yesterday, and did a very nice tart for #cooking. Everyone loved it !
What! Are the initials JP? RT : yeah? Guess who she is wearing!?
we're here too!
Hot as hell in my house i woke up thinkin I was fin to melt
I should be sleep, catching up on tweets. I can't tweet all day... Got too much planning to do. Ima Twit that plans....hahaha
what? When we hang and talk social media over tasty eats and good drinks, I promise not to make fun of the
I got your back! Bring ya a dozen!!
I havent been to in a lllooonnnggg time!! #wow '·'
ELCA will most likely (if they haven't already) embrace Obama's statement. LCMS will most likely condemn.
Facebook is about people you used to know; Twitter is about people you'd like to know better.
Its not what you have in your life, but who you have in your life that counts.
Now Following
RT if you haven't tried REVERSE GRIP BENCH PRESS but after reading this are going to GET ON THAT!! 30%more upper pec fibers worked!
hahah thank you Andrea:)
lol i know
thank goodness!!
I'm a nerd. I wasn't even in Portland for 3 whole days before I got my library card.
*in class working on holocaust project* i look over to see what ashley did & she's drawing a picture of pikachu..
Bored.. Miss my friends.
Totally! I'm @ crossroads & I already know which way to go. Was having trouble catching my breath. It's alot of uphill from here!
wish I could see your Chris Walken impersonation right about now- GENIUS!
Steven Tanger of is in the office today speaking to a group of members
Just met an Italian girl on the beach... First girl I literally was speechless and could not talk to you, she said she loves my smile though
The total value of M&A deals taking place in Canada in 2011 was CA$123.6 billion - up 24.3% on the year before. Read more...
thanks:) love and peace through art to you!
sweet! Have a safe flight! MUAH!
I think I scared tonight with my intensity for the #clippers lol
Spring is finally here! Enjoy the weather, everyone!
A handful are so good they make you watch more. Worthwhile. RT I'm still very much a Bava newbie. Only seen a handful.
I was just curious in general.
I would do anything to meet Austin<3.
well then...I heard from the grapevine that shit's about to get nasty on the 1st
Damn my vecina has bad luck with her car <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Maybe you'll come?! It's Eliot and me! & learning while boozed! You need more reasons? ;)
You must have needed the rest also! Lil grandson needs a healthy grandma! Happy New Years!!!!!
chicago dryvit contractors, chicago eifs contractors, chicago stucco contractors, chicago dryvit repair, chicago eifs repair
Sit quietly, doing nothing, spring comes, and the grass grows by itself. -A Zen Saying
another example of how Republican conservatives want everyone to conform 2 what they say is acceptable isay thatsnhumane
If you know of a local male singer let me know their Twitter name, bcuz we have a song that needs to get done
Very excited to do this children's book
haha maybe its the angle. but he doesnt seem that big.
The game v. NJ on the 4th will be epic. PDX owns NJ's pick, but it's top 3-protected. Neither team wants to win.
Charles always tryna instigate shit wit that turtle neck on
usually!!! was their guitar chords in the beginning of it?? called "this town"
Also enjoying a lovely dinner at Mountain Oasis after attending a wedding at the courthouse!
Mhm.r u playing a pokemon game?
Bridesmaids' dresses with pockets? Never seen those before, cool!
We buy all damaged cars/trucks. Any Vehicle! Instant Offer:(503)789-2075
That had to be the truck tire...lol
got them for u! :)
Tonight Comedy Poplar Lounge Free 10pm Yes.
The devil is a liar...Im beating his ass and he is mad...punks jump to get beat down
RT Stay tuned to and follow for Carnival CHI updates! Save the date, Oct. 6th!
In Japan!
These bullshit schools commercials!
Word gay boy
It seems like w/ the NBA season wrapping up & MLB starting my anti- sentiments are fading. I feel like the US Gov't.
I have absolutely nothing against you being gay\bisexual but don't you think that 11 is a little too young to be either?
got my austin mahone tickets in the mail today june 22 2012 <3
Is that like live the one you love? ;-) RT : When you get home tonight kiss the one you live and be happy that you have each other
Here it comes! My secondary monitor for my iMac Viewsonic VP2365-LED 23-Inch Wide e-IPS LED Monitor (Black) Took me a year to pick it out
Keep it moving!
excellent. I'm sure u have great sndtrck for that movie. Better drvng song: TP runnin down dream / AL windows r rolled down?
Family Guy sucks balls.
Gimme a "like" if you have a big ol Van Halen hangover! JK
No way. I already set the bar as high as the US Bank building!! “: worried about the competition?”
I am a jealous person
This #RHOA is totally stupid loud & embarrassing. Like I think Andy was a little over them 4 real!
I'm seriously addicted to Boyfriend
What non-profits will you #GiveBIG to today? Donate to members:
can I come over ?
Also spoke to Chadima's lawyer today. He says they don't agree with everything in the latest report but they're happy with the findings.
Up early to work on school related powerpoint. Need caffeine. Fighting w/ Selkie-cat for use of the keyboard.
Do not be deceived. We must say no to invitations that compromise our witness, and take us away from the great work God has called us to do.
As you wish oh great one we anxiously await your return
Your music is inspiring, Jason. Love and Light to you! Blessings, Suzanne :)
Results of my MRI this week && hopefully the Dr will have news about my heart.
We're always taking applications!
Getting up before the sun is where it's at.
Lads that hog all the dumbbells & make a castle of it! Sorry, this is not your private healthclub, mate!
"I've been doing this longer than you've been alive little lady!" No doubt Granpa, let's try some newfangled technology, like power tools.
I'm gonna be more successful than at least 75% of the people who don't like me, so it really doesn't even matter.
lets put nyc nightlife back to were it use to be! retreat nightclub saturdays is a good start:)
when will NTDMV summit be?
ok fan club members!! if there is any1 that u know in the military send us there name or twitter and will give a RT in there honor!!
Eff yeah I re-watch episodes! Too bad Netflix doesn't have any beyond '09 though.
love nick cage movies
All the layin out today. Is the Lex poppin yet??????
RT : awesome job. Loved the music and ministry
Good luck remember to teach USA's 3 main exports: football, drinking games and porn
That was crazy. What a game.
good luck!
(nod) I hope everything works out well!
I work at Bang! 32nd and Lowell in the northside...I mean...the Highlands. I cook tues through sat. 2-10pm
Good song. You make me want to go listen to The Ink Spots with these "music that no one listens to" tweets.
My neighborhood smells better than yours.
Get a little tipsy, make out, and spoon. That's All I Wanna Do.
#dhtrial while people are generally afraid of lawsuits, in the end it comes down to a few days of presentation and a few hrs of summary.
Killed it a few states: Iowa, NV, WA. Establishment is losing their minds
Happy Birthday!
I'm reading it right now! Haven't been able to get too far yet but so far it's amazing
Jim Thome homers twice tonight in Detroit, second one his 600th career long-ball. H.O.F. pretty soon after he retires.
I get that a lot.
Best part of St Pattys has been Mexican in green wig singing La Bamba with the whole bus
Ever like something inappropriate on fb accidentally but don't want to unlike your like because you'll draw more attention to it.
We're might be getting a new President....wonder if the NBA and MLB can get new commissioners?
hha i do too, you think they make neon pets ? #iwantone (:
What a beautiful day in Chicago....
Tonite at 10 pm Salsa es lo que hay! Salsa radio show. Go to djreyboricua No se lo pierdan!
Careful people, on MacArther there in a man in a chicken suit trying to cross the road
anyone else at the #buccos game tonight? Where you guys sitting?
haha I won't tell anyone
Saw some incredible talent tonight. And it definitely had nothing to do with the Pens. Awesome show, !
Keep calm and make one of the boyz your Baby.
how many tweets do you get and how many ppl talking crap??
Didn't think I'd be able to survive the pain but I have and still do... Only problem is I'm still feeling that pain.
:0 TRAITOR ! You went to the dark side. !
Who contemplated calling in "sick" today to go run?
Does anyone know if McCleskey is on Twitter? If not let's make that a priority.
Happy first day of spring Boston! This weather is amazing.
TGIF! What are your plans for the weekend?
So mad that didn't win, you're a winner in my book. you did a great Job!
Still have my lyre's mark on my arm... Oh, awkward.
#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo they understand me when I don't even understand myself
promoting #healing and #forgiveness is the only way to #positive future. Thanks so much!
Today I came to terms with 2 facts: I will be vacuuming up pine needles until next Christmas and we will have a fake tree from now on.
Perhaps today's topic could be "Dentistry" :)
it is long gone. Also. I have a replacement smart phone atm and don't have your
Really like the way we're playing tonight
Haha you went to the same family
I'm so angry right now!!!
Love you more! I def lol'd at your flip flop tweet too.
this weather is so amazing it almost makes me want to listen to country w/o and forcing me to!
call me any time tomorrow.
Thrilled I didn't go to the castle party. Hear I missed nothing. Figured as much, which is why I didn't go. Stayed home. Made $1000.
#Celeb News; #Massage Scandal w doing sex acts in a room w a man in detail.
I see someone is stalking my tweets tonight.. lol
I don't think he's hiding his ideas as much as he hasn't developed any. Requires too much deep thinking and nuance.
How come some people just don't get it? Put your kids first! They didn't ask to yours.
Ain't nothing like sitting n the Baylor student section n #uk headin to the #Final4 #BrowDown #GoBigBlue with
Why do all Presbyterians seem like they have something to hide? They are shifty.
haha my little sister is obsessed over how perfect ciara's hair is
Single-spaced papers are the
Please email ASAP if you want to play!
Who will be the hottest artist of 2012?
Just got the new Jesus iPhone. It gets immaculate reception.
Go Pacers! Pumped for the season!
I can't even sleep. I bet it was that fucking redbull .___.
I'm for real! Lol. Juices and salads no meat except for fish. No sweets.
I got to go into school to finish tis ish damn you PRO TOOLS...
yes true :) well, I think I won't need maths then, lol
Get some socialism Nevada
RT I think it is a pity to lose the romantic side of flying and simply to accept it as a common means of transport.Amy Johnson
love that commercial!
ha! thanks, Kyle. Love you, too!
it seems to have worked for Khloe and Lamar!
good :| a lil bored cuz the weather is sad..
“: I bet! I absolutely adore your cover of hey there delilah! <U+2764>” Thank you!<3 It could have been better:p
~heard from the espn announcers that Batum was taken to a local hospital. please tell me they did not take him to grady.
yeah, the guy is wicked fast! We'll see what he can do in that all British team. It's got to be tough to crank in downtown.
you need them tomorrow ? K I'll go to school lol :b
Never made it as a wise man couldnt cut it as a poor man stealing
Love love loved breaking dawn. Good job dropping some of your awkwardness Kristin
Presentation went greatt!!!
after you call child #1 , sext me. Fill me in on the good news:)
So does that mean team is no longer denying he's been absent 70% of the time this year?
I love you too maddpie
As long as you like it, that's all that matters! (I tweeted that before that song got AMAZING.)
59% of Americans surf web while watching tv--Alec Howe, Breaking Trends, Magnet Conference, Amsterdam.
"I'm not so rich that I can afford junk," Czech saying goes. Interesting, too, when applied to life choices. "Do it for reals" I guess.
: "id seriouly cry if i had to read for fun! Are you texting too? Id be texting instead of reading! Ohhmyygodd"
I just ate the quidet from jetties... OMG! The best Italian sub of my life!
It's not you, it's me. God those words fucking kill me.
forget it.
Great news! Congrats!!!
Analysis: Political divisions slow Islamic finance in a parliamentary committee, prescribes "love"
Working on off shoring my To Do list...
but I'm rite herw
Crap. I've done something awful to my collar bone. Turns out, it's very handy when raising your arm.
; finals tomorrow &&& monday . yaaaaaay
Loving hearing things like that. I'm sure does as well! Working on our Fall show already..... ;)
Not going to say and I are responsible for Pedro's power surge BUT after making fun of his .108 avg he's hit 4hrs.
These poor guys. Their necks seem to be paining them.
Marriage? Sorry, I can't mate in captivity
Short days. Long nights. <<<<<<
RT : Pancakes with the best friend <3
This movie is crazy ! So the president is responsible for killing that girl !
I thought I was leaving, not going to bed. i did leave a while and then came back, but I will leave again soon.
Sorry, you CANNOT put Mo ahead of #MickeyMantle. You never saw him. I did. Jeter, you have an argument.
RT : Had a fantastic bloody mary tonight. Dare I say one of the best in the city?
Thanks to everyone who entered or nominated for Showroom of the Year! And thank you as always to our #SOTYawards co-sponsor, !
Your generous donation counts double today thanks to the Please #giveBIG now!
Nixon bleeds people. He draws every drop of blood and then drops them from a cliff. He'll blame any person he can put his foot on.
I don't do drugs. I am drugs.
What is going on on #dwts right now?
Really like this song (: - purple sky <U+2665>.<U+2665>
It took SO LONG to get here! lol. The #BBN is crazy happy to have you! Biggest family you can EVER be a part of!
Ideapaint is the way to go! They even sell it at Home Depot.
#nowplaying The Luckiest ...and I am the luckiest these days
Time to call Crash Davis...“: looks like Corpus needs a rainout.”
Haha Idk it just kinda sounded awesome to me :)
At least can display the page correctly.
Legit weekend
Coincidence that Salty is catching Beckett tonight with the Nationals showing interest in Boston's catchers?
i think we just bonded.
Changing your name to Metta World Peace: what you do when you want to make a regrettable decision but your body's too full of tattoos.
Join the conversation with Use
we got your back. just wish there was something more I could do v.v
Ugh, hate to hear this. RT : #Orioles LF Nolan Reimold was just hit by a pitch, looks like in the side of the face.
Hello Wednesday! Please be gentle. :)
Hunger games. Who wants to go?
Warning: I WILL look like a mess tomorrow
If I had a rooster and you had a donkey and your donkey ate my rooster. What would you have? 2 ft. of my c*ck in your ass.
is going to finals "whoop whoop oh yeah, thats right, thats right!" Hahahaha
how was the concert?? I wanted to see him in Chicago.
#nf ... Shout out please
$ITTING HERE THINKING ABOUT THE CHAPTER$ & CHARACTER$ THAT LED ME TO WHERE I AM TODAY IN MY LIFE. NO REGRET$
#BREAKING MT Attn: Animal junkies. BuzzFeed will be posting awesome cat pictures in the early am. Set the alarm and visit.
Bay won't be forgiving Emmett. Maybe Ty will come back If not I still don't think she will take Emmett back. Can't wait 2 find out.
hahahahahahahahhaha that's so true
New Hair Extension Photos just added!!
Some pots, I'm aspiring to have a lemon tree in a container this year. WOO HOO
Less than 10 min b4 #SYTYCD to begin can't wait to see the all stars and the contestants dance tonight. Good luck to everyone!
Precious products. Great pictures that made me smile. Are you the designer? Do you sell wholesale? Sending a DM X
Mitt Romney needs to stay in the sight of the media and keep expressing what he will do as President
Me too! // RT : All those aviators on Twitter who AREN'T at #OSH11 - let's hear ya! We'll sulk as a group.
We're opening 10 minutes late, due to maintenance work in the store. See you in just a few!
I have a baby chicken<3 His name is Roger!
The smile says it all...
Your such an inspiration to Plus size Models/Females and to African American Model/Females and I respect that a lot about you:)
Thanks Wendy=) I've got Angelo B. on youtube now....YAWN....:)
thanks Melissa! we'll definitely look into that event! hope all is well
I recorded my hair this morning, tonight I'm watching the highlights
Thank u sir!
yes he is
Blessings brother to you and the family. Please YouTube lil jonny on drums asap!
Raised the price of my iPhone App from free to 99 cents. Sales improved. Go figga. ow.ly/1FIpk3
RT “: Whenever I delete an app on my iPhone, the shaking icons make me feel like they're all panicked over who's getting axed.”
With a child theme you take advantage of 2010's custom menu areas, widget areas, print stylesheet, tons of CSS hooks, etc.
had my Facebook and I called or should I say text u not to long ago?
So if Ike hadn't written him back, Barry Landau would never have taken to thieving?
how much on your side of town boost
So much to do with so little time; lord plz order my steps
Yes indeed. I am going to be opening ===> You have any big plans for the summer?
Me too!
I'll bring you cereal. what kind?
Amazing week for team appssavvy!
follow back CUTIE
votes counted! thanks!
did they play a clip?
Another win for #mubb. Excited to see what adds to the bench
you're the greatest! I love you and miss you!
Anybody watching the NBA playoffs so far? If so, what do you think? These injuries have weakened the matchups too much for me so far.
we'll let you know as soon as we get some!
Good! How's you? Living in your shiny, new place yet? x
Writing a list of all the crazy stuff we need to do before we die :)
Can't wait for the inspired halftime Superbowl(TM) show, featuring a band covering Who songs!
I'm not listed in the 'living people' category of wikipedia. Neither are you. In other news, wikipedia has a 'living people' category.
JoAnne Kloppenburg said she is the winner of the Supreme Court race and said she believes her victory will stand despite a recount effort.
hahahah u and i both!!! :D
": Some days, I wish I could share my opinion publicly."I hear ya sista!
Realizing that "really good anti-virus software" doesn't do much except slow down your machine and hence not using any.
Ah, excellent point. I haven't seen it in such a long time, wasn't drawing my inspiration from that. Thanks.
This was meant for u - see previous tweet lol
Dig the outdoors? Hiking? Backpacking? Check out today's episode of Hike Yeah, live at 2pm Pacific - www.hikeyeah.com
I'm taking a go at writing. Maybe a script, or a book... so far I have 3 pages of thoughts and 1 scene for a screenplay.
Finding myself RTing a lot lately. Maybe he could take over my twitter for a day like did for
Save the date: 7/27. You'll want to check out the #alleyshrimp exhibit @ next 3rd Ward Gallery Night. How do I know? I just do.
#MyFavoriteDrakeLine "Ive always wondered why you bothered putting make up on, you dont need it"
Zucchini bread is the bomb! I know where you're coming from
Are you an #athlete? Or maybe a #vegan? Maybe just curious, or How about both? Than #FF ! Eat Kind.Be Strong
#AskFarrakhan if you don't understand a situation in your everyday life.He'll tell you the truth and make you accept the fact that you deny.
or maybe that means you should never leave?!
Always happy to brighten!
Bahahaha MY bestie don't know who 'New Edition' is lmfaoooo
We receive temporary assignments on a daily basis! If you have #records or #library experience and would like to be considered, reach out!
i see the wife in a few weeks im so excited
I love being part of the Mahomie Family ILY <3
What kind of Motorcycle did previous Governator- Arnold Schwarzenegger ride in Terminator 2?
how are you working on hw & on twitter at the same time Kiki?! Smh
no way!
Sadly, while I was born in Italy, I don't speak the language =P
if only you saw what i can see ,.. - what makes you beautiful <3
it's for emphasis
. Avengers and hunger games are the 2 summer movies I wanna watch right now.
I'm with ya! I'll get the rope and bear traps, you get a net and catapult.
Niggas brag about the lamest shit...brag about being a solid person & a good friend!
Re-watching #BB season 8 on YouTube......man Amber was a case in a half lol
Sounds good. Where are all the cool kids going to be this weekend anyway?
When no one was there, Music was :-)
k good I don't lie :)
Just got in an accident on US 131. Great way to start my day. Police said its not my fault because somebody hit me first before I hit a van.
IM SO HAPPY OMG IM GONNA CRY
I'm up for lunch sometime if you're interested!
Last #Friday in this gay as school!
Seriously, being stuck in Little Rock instead of surprising my mother at TBPIA is not part of the plan. O airplanes. #blessing&curse
Join us for our meet up on Jan 12th ! Meet us at 6:30pm for Houdini: Art and Magic. RSVP
When it comes to writing the best advice I ever received was.....Finish!
Thanks for the shout out for our moules-frites!
how was your date with ? (:
thanks for the FF :)
all great players. i really like ASHBA too. unique style.
Yes! When is this? RT : can we trend #7yearsofTohoshinki or something for 7th year debut anniversary of Tohoshinki?
#codypuppynamesuggestion his/her name should be kisha. If its a girl.
No worries at all! Great tweets! Thanks for representing!
This is the cutest little library/park ever. An older man just let his 2 long hair dachsunds swim in the little creek. :)
I would love to find a cool story about Occupy Wall St. versus the Tea Party. Especially if it had a Romeo and Juliet thing.
None. But let me know if you have any overwhelming response... I need to do that this week too.
The course of true anything never does run smooth.-- Samuel Butler
Hello, and thank you for following. Look forward to sharing here on Twitter too. Best wishes to you.
I do not think it is Mongolian!
Mobile Marketing basics #mmaf2012 sharks or minnows? Which am I? Bigger brains are needed.
So happy to do so!
unstable creature
Thank YOU for all that you've done (& continue to do) for all Marylanders!
Dear Mr. Pickard, I thank you for beating the Americans, but why can't you show my Hawks a little more love?
Wease marathon raises 20k for Monroe Community Hospital so far. WOW!
please support homelessdogmusic launch jan 2011
truth...I may fall asleep soon
What the hell, damn guy
s/o to scruggs for burning the chicken I still have the taste in my mouth!!!.
The Mahomie family is about to get a WHOLE LOT BIGGER. <3
Cool I learned something.
im havin one right now i got 7 girls in one queen size bed somebody bout to be on the floor
Just found out that I missed the 2012 Long Beach Grand Prix. Now I have 11 months to plan for 2013.
i want to live in bobbi's world. (could we change the lyrics to "bobby's girl" and perform this as an opener for alan jackson?
I used to drink all night, get up 2 hours later and work 10 hours...lol How the hell did I do that?
oh yeah I'm flattered haha
Proud of and the entire family because they refuse to settle for anything less than greatness!
please tell your friends to follow us and add us on Facebook :-) you guys/girls are awesome!
I'm the only one on this bus. Creepy.
10 minutes till my team's Opening Day. 10 minutes till my new year begins.
y'all should I shave my moustache before a meeting at the White House? like is this shit disrespectful
I heart u Keo!
yes unfortunately
Happy hour at Starbucks makes me happy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
you don't have a phone ?
Not true. Your favorite breakfast spot is with and I at the Airport Diner.
I can't change the past. I would if I could.
3 words- Yes-No-Maybe
please follow she is you biggest fan!23
the chocolate fountain at golden corral is good:)
Man up Evan!
4 swings for Cano to hit one for the Derby title.
Just hours away from opening night of The Columbine Project!
Wow! Lol! Highest Praise. #m #bacon ;)
The dog reminds me that humans have been civilized a long time. The cat reminds me it's a short trip to going feral.
great first night here in bucharest. now time to chill out
to the lost.
Gonna meet some Caps players tonight 8D
said that we only get ONE colored flower arrangement. I'm thinking she might RECONSIDER. Yes?!?
lol I'm "feeling" great
Life or death
Thanks for checking out our site.
Blue suede... binding? Yup. Where's a camera when you need one?
Dancing with the Stars Watch: Classical Week Results
"I'd rather be hated for being blunt than be loved for being a sucker."
We will not go down without a fight!
awesome! Keep me posted and let's catch up when you're back!
High lifes? High lives?
Found Superbaby by Jenn Berman a little overwhelming by browsing but I still want to buy it & read it cover to cover. Wish it was in Kindle.
Money make the coochie go woo woo
Not what your arteries are saying
Lost them both last night. NBA 6-7, NHL 3-3, +175. Only one today NBA: Under 173.5 Boston vs Atlanta. Good Luck!!!
you both are retards, just admit you both fucking love me.
Interesting site: Artilinki is a art community website for art professionnals. Join at : www.artilinki.com via
I love #Smilers there so sweet, never drama, we stick together, nobody breaks us, we follow back eachother, & we both love MILEY!
supplied names and photos takes us to a place familiar to all phishers
In love with my love mykira...mommys baby 4eva=)
Really weak, only got to the first row.
": "Commitment doesn't scare me, the thought of committing to the wrong person does." #realtweet" Gucci 2xs rt
Get Money Girls on standby get at me pimpin
I'm just sorry UConn couldn't pass any of their tests. We'll send you a postcard from the 2013 postseason.
5 Pound Dumbbell across the kids head with the beats on his head
Nope I totally love you more!! :) xoxo but I'm going to bed because I'm really tired so GoodNight & Sweet Dreams! :)
"baby you light up my world like nobody else" why? did she flash you? ... lululululzs see what i did there
Ok iknw its not all of yall but sum keep putin up things bout SelenaG& JB heres wat ithink yall should leave them alone its their life
I love food.
backtrack doe....how is this
Just saw the tweets about this #Syracuse game. I'd love to see a huge upset but I'm sure you think otherwise.
Just signed up for a CSA, so expect my already famous dinners to be even more tasty this summer. Meal application request now accepted...
follow before she commits!5
RT : Thank you so much for your participation in the #BVBchat on education equity this afternoon!
RT : Power has been restored to Jamul and Ramona
My pot is melting
don't you just love waking up to #danilo yelling outside your window
I don't have her nudes though... LOL
Has The BEST Smile Ever !
Taking a drive east. Coffee in hand. Life is good!
Glad my english class is actually quiet.
I'm researching #WebArchiving description. What type of metadata standards are used in your archive?
Me 2. Come back to #Chicago RT Man I love dubstep
OK, that's it. I have to meet you. STAT.
I take Rondo by a slim margin
"Does anyone know a good free stock footage site?" try www.istockphoto.com. not free footage, but just about. good luck!
trying to figure out the best route to be a military pilot
Loving #Scandal so far! The writing is very Aaron Sorkin-ish
thanks for the follow! One Love. P.R.P.
LOL...I'm sticking to it anyway.
RIP Facebook. I mostly feel bads for the kids now that WON"T have every second of their lives taped
downs after dark starts tonight, I can only assume you are blowing off finals and driving to Louisville for it. Start promoting
Greetings all! Forgive any newbie errors - my first Twitter chat! So far what all of you say rings true, sadly.
May 4,1952 Churchill wanted to see a march past of British, American, German and French troops when he visited Strasbourg.
I do he's cool.
So yeah, about that #Kings -- #Coyotes Western Conference Final......
o I want to read that!
To my dearest followers, lovers of spoken word and of guttural laugh: please follow
I was so frustrated, felt like cannon-balling the pool...then I remembered I can't swim
Dream always, hope strong, and love endlessly, and remember what u go thru builds your character
Pelicans floating Slowly over beach row homes. Ocean goes "shhushh.... shhushh...."
Hope you choke on whatever you eating. lol.
Okay I'm going to try and enjoy myself.
woke up from an oprah dream. that must be an odd thing, being a public figure: people you don't even know exist are having dreams about you
Thn u say I act lik I'm the baddest female u been with....n is bc nobody else wants to deal wit ur bummy ass
I WISH YOU WOULD SEE THIS BUT YOU PROBABLY NEVER WILL :( BUT IF YOU DO PLEASE FOLLOW ME
Looks like I just snagged my first paid web-design gig! Huzzah!
Good morning evil geniuses.
WOW U R FUNNY...
pot or not people? vote now.
“: Bad news! Mumford had no sons!”~~uh oh
Don't be so dramatic. It's fantasy.
If #whatawomanneeds is just a place to call home. Then, #whatmakesahome?
thank you. really glad you are enjoying it.
Fact that it's the first book you have read outside of school says volumes, disqualifies commentary on 's asshole.
shut up!
<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>Boom ba doom doom boom ba doom doom hey <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
Why would one need a wireless remote for a car stereo?
Love collaborating with folks and hearing about your innovative work in your social peds residency track
Oh I forgot about frosted ones! I totally need to go on a cheerios shopping spree haha.
ha ha. Just some local guy with a huge forehead and skin like candle wax. He's a ginger but covers his freckles with makeup.
Are you interested in seeing the "big costumes" compete - Kings, Queens & Individuals? Sunlife Stadium 10/07/11. 7pm to 2am!
BACK IN THE DAY CAFE, now playing: 2 LIVE CREW: HOOCHIE MAMA
gorgeous sunshine here in SF. seems like everyone is out on washington square park in north beach.
"Slow down, calm down, don't worry, don't hurry, trust the process." (Alexandra Stoddard) #lifelessons I live by in my work & personal life
99.9 of people on twitter aren't running for office but they're brave enough to show their faces. Go get 'em Batman!
Too many charity gifts? Doesn't seem right.
I cant even sleep on my own schedule. smh
Thanks for sharing your daily tweets of humor, wit, sarcasm, and useful info. Much appreciated.
Vince Neil is a ghost hunter. New dream: hang out with Vince Neil and Meatloaf in
Loving my girl so fuck ALL y'all hoes
I'd love to visit Biltmore again in the spring ;) xxfingerscrossedxx
100 Calorie packs are just the right size to make you angry there aren't more cookies.
RT : This has got to be a hectic day for Antonio Cromartie and Shawn Kemp.
Dude, take it easy! It's twitter! Besides, if u were REALLY as good as u think u are, u could make it work from wherever u r.
They cant stand me
: 5 Guys has opened here in #Milwaukee! Sweet! - I'll see your 5 guys and raise you an - now these are some burgers.
If you need an auctioneer, I think is your girl. I mean, if you can pull her away from saving the world.
Little sister wouldnt do that
Travis Zajac you precious human being.
We are working out how to donate to charity by pledging for ttwnyc braclets for make a wish on of MJS favorite charities =)
I'm back in jr high again.
if you tweet me back.... i will scream, take a pic, and put It in my locKer. haha
wow! Yes, it is. Very jealous. Happy planning. I hope to see lots of photos!
Thanks for all the follows we hope everyone is enjoying Spark!
I will, thank you! :)
Trade Offer For PaperPastels <U+25D5> <U+203F><U+203F> <U+25D5> - cabochons bows
Flânerie, or Google by foot
Keeping client docs in hard copy creates problems: misfiled or lost docs, to flood/fire damage. Avoid these by scanning your hard copy docs
That's what I'm talkin about! Thanks so much for playing it! Any way I can help the station, let me know!
I live you dude.! And you deserve so much more Jess.!!!
It was awesome! Thanks Tim.
Good times @ trivia tonight! See y'all next week!!!
all those fairy tales are full of shit.
Don, I Anything, Know Art, About
that does not surprise me :-)
what will this untalented family do next for attention?? Such a proud mom.. Daughter makes a sex tape. Now she tweets this.
That is great to hear!
So, and are opening a restaurant together. Um, I'd like a Braun/Rodgers sandwich please! OH!
Thank you, Memory! :)
When you feel like a cold might be coming on there is nothing better than a spicy bowl of pho from Vientiane Noodle Shop on 35th & National
I got throttled by AT&T and switched to Sprint.
Skinless chicken breast Tuna and other lean fish 95% lean beef Egg whites Whey protein powder Fat-free cottage cheese
Please be you
Not to be an ass, but, yeah. People are going to disagree with you, and have every right to, perhaps you shouldn't get so upset
Tonight's Specials: Food: Grilled Chicken, Avocado & Bacon Sandwich w/ Pepper Jack Cheese & Choice Side $11. Drink: Strawberry Margarita $6
So is mine
I'm going to the concert here but my mom is making me pay in school work!
fucking cat peed on my blankets -___-
What's your favorite new band that came out this year?
you took me serious last night! and now can you answer why you always reply to my random questions!
meet Sounds like something you like
#Usher on
Marathon training has been a LOT easier this go around thanks to and in my ear!
Yes. RT : So the city of Austin will unveil Willie Nelson statue on 4/20. Is that a bit of a marijuana endorsement too?
These guys make comedy worth while
I be killin all my dress shoes
I've got 99 problems and they're all finals. :/
teen hoot? IM GOING
Thanks Fred! Hope you're well.
Read it. Meh.
oh, nice! i'll check out the schedule. when are you all going? i was hoping to make it sometime next week.
#MyFavoriteMovie toy story!!!
“: Back in the 805 it always feels like home mixing these records!”
On our way to NY for the
Can you recall what you felt when you first saw these #tarot cards in the museum?
Quick visit at a friend's house party, and then home for sit on my own patio and ENJOY!
I Love My Country
SIXFLAGS THIS SATURDAY WHO WANTS TO COME WITH AND I?!?!?!
just did loool
Someone should make my night complete by mentioning me....goodnight or something :-)
look who is back on Twitter!
#bobcostas is right
what the f*** im doing wake up in the morning who the fuck I'mma screwing my partner on brown and you know I'm on white
Compare spelling texts from early 1900's with those today - big difference! Newer texts appear "dumbed" down at least 2-3 grade levels.
The most valuable thing in life is love.
Great Work today he had 4 segments on from the WHCD Lindsey Lohan, POTUS, Martha Stewart and Rick Santorum
AW Rick Santorum dropped out of the #republican race?. Like he had a f*ckkng chance anyway!!!. Its 2012. We use birth control
Time to venture out into the world of Twitter. It seems to be the way the winds are blowing.
Realized I haven't taken a pic of the convention center inside yet. Sort of looks like a ship, imo.
Perhaps today I will manage to get a few more pictures hung, before the schedule overtakes me.
Happy birthday to the best mom in the wolrd!!!!
Over under on number of pitching appearances by position players in that stretch is 3.
Hi guys, check out javier rico, lots of great tracks on their site.
Also got a thank you note from ! Thanks guys!
Tour starts on the 12th, dates posted at: serialhawk.com
If I wanted to compete with Comcast in broadband, I couldn't do it without the city of Philadelphia's help.
Thanks so much for checking out our site. We're here if you have questions :)
Can't wait to start at the library this summer.
"Hello tuck you in every night on the phone. Hello, tuck you in every night."
The present moment is a constant stream, you cannot capture. Watch it happen, experience it and flow with it to the next moment.
The best victory is when the opponent surrenders of its own accord, It is best to win without fighting.
Had a few beers with my protégé tonight. Rehashed some stories I had forgotten.
Listen to and the nigga comes hard on any beat. I'm my top 5 of MC's
Just had a lovely walk through Over the Rhine in Cincinnati. Last time I did this, I dreamed about it for months.
My bro in japan just sent my family a rlly big box stuffed to the brim with japan candy! I dont know japanese, but it looks rlly good!
still looking good for that call. I called 15 originally though, they put up more resistance than I thought they would.
u guys seriously blow up my timeline, whith in a matter of 20 seconds there are already at least 20 new tweets
Come get your cigars at booth 1877! They are going fast #PGAM12 First day
Everything goes by the board: honor, pride, decency to get the book written. William Faulkner
Jimmy Howard answering the bell so far. Now dare I ask if we can see a goal?
I haven't even experienced Flordia yet
Busy morning - homicide in City Heights now a shooting near downtown. We'll keep you posted
I hope that song will be another big hit. Goodluck!!!
Your voice is what MAKES the Clark G video!!! Keep up the good work =)
I'm jealous. Have a good rest of the trip and give me a call when you get back
What the fuck happened to my high metabolism ? I used to eat all I wanted & stay like 60 pounds .
Another day with no cell phone; I think I'm starting to have a disconnect in the world.
Yeah... I spend my days fangirling over & got a problem? Fix it. It's fun. Screaming over sexy/talented guys.
yeah ive noticed and ive been blocked 3 times by girls cause I am a guy
I GOT U HOMEBOI
Just another outlet to express yourself.
can we go get our hurr durd?
meet at tomorrow at 10am? they open tomorrow. Excited! 2051 California. 2 blocks left from train.
Mega million....if you won, wud it change how u approach your game? If so, how?
this weekend we watching a whole load if family guy? ;))))
!!!!!!!!!!! RT : Sexy Dirty Boom NEXT FRIDAY @ Visions with Riel Ent
Worst witnesses on the planet?.... ATTORNEYS. They are-- we both know it. (Engineers a distant second)
RT : Previously, the largest earthquake in DC was a 3.6. This was a 5.8. [ that's 1000 times larger intensity ]
Congrats on the #Castle gig. Love the show & is super lovely. And let's face it, is easy on the eyes.
In my opinion you need a degree in anything you do. Have something to fall back on
Two other trends at #ideaseconomy: disease and terrorism.
don't feel bad for her. My boy Kurt killed it as always
yeah I got it homeboy. Im gon let u kno when its done...
I've lost my desire too. Became so much work
The awkward moment of silence???
I would rather trust a woman's instinct than a man's reason. - Stanley Baldwin
Every year my brother and I wish each other a happy pi day because of an inside joke from middle school. Family is fun like that.
The Burbs in my pants
nice place!
After 2 years in NYC, I noticed my first celebrity on Sunday. I'm annoyed that it wasn't , Emma Thompson, or somebody cool.
Haha! Yes, totally lying.
Chilling with my pillow pet mr. piggles tonight. c:
Did any of our followers see co-founder 's elevator pitch at the Pgh Enterprise Forum tonight??
spend tomorrow packing , ready to head to KC .
Go to skate? Nah, I sat inside today!
thanks for coming by the shop today! Thrash hard!
I'm old and the mirrors don't lie. But crazy has places to hide in, That are deeper than any goodbye ... -Leonard Cohen
Have you started your spring break yet?
Hi Babe! hope you're having a good day! guess I should refer to you as a "lil mom" with the kids you have.
thanks for the follow
If I don't reply to you, then I obviously don't wanna talk to you. Get the fucking hint yet?!?!
great that you are spreading awareness of male breast cancer too. Congrats on being a survivor.
all good homie no worries. I would think that your phone would blow up
Seattle's First Chocolate Tweetup is about to begin! Thank you to everyone who have supported making this event a success!
I can't get you off my mind. <3
who's gone? Dixon?
BURNING THE MOTHER FUCKER DOWN TONIGHT!!!!!! 409 N MARTIN! APARTMENTS ABOVE THE CHUG!!! BE HERE
Someday I wanna be with you forever, but today isn't hat day.
My pleasure and nice to connect with you!
So do we! RT : I love Austin TX!
Headed to the Ted for the braves home opener.
“: I want moes” date night this week
does someone have to kill a congresswoman for you to care about gun control!
What a beautiful Monday! Heading back to Chicago today! Happiness is a week of nothing but the beach pool yoga & the gym!
Thanks for asking, We will be glad to pass along the slides that presenters share with us, so stay tuned!
point proven, when my mom's not home my team always wins.
her insecurities = his jealousy
RT : "While democracy seeks equality in liberty, socialism seeks equality in restraint and servitude." Alexis de Toqueville
which levitt pavilion? MacArthur Park or Pasadena?
Ha! RT : Cuz said I had on a CUBAN drug lord fit lastnite lol..said I just made a transaction b4 I went into texture lol FUNNY
i'm game!
Well, let's face it...most of the way we (pres, arch, etc.) talk about these & most buildings is inside baseball.
I'm definitely down!
Yeah… living to the point where my body fails me, my mind trapped in a shell, or worse, my mind lost. No thanks…
yes, that's allowed. She actually has talent.
Well gettin on another account cause i love this background but it hurts my eyes :(
Skateboarding is better with Abba
actually an interesting business model for them.
oh really 4 more rebounds I bet you can't get that many over so stfu with yo lil ass
#Assad works w/ #Iran to arm #Hezbollah; harbors #Hamas & PIJ; & u want me to believe he's not a terrorist?
Who let out the Chicken!
Come join me and help Support my boy Steven Deaton Sr up coming Director, Married Men & Single Women Thursday, June 24, 2010 at 7:00pm Hudso
I hate mother's day.some people don't know how to be one.
LOL is this an insult?
I'd be highly surprised if my parents didn't kill me when I got home. Fuck. Oh well, #YOLO , right? Haha
Getting ready for the show tonight! I love my girls!
Yes, we liked it! But I could not find on your feed. Thank you for resending. #welikeyoualready ;)
Commuters on the Northstar rail line should add 30 minutes to your ride to work. There's a problem with the tracks at the Fridley station.
THANK FOR THE LOVE ACE
Adaptive/mobile content must be governed and structured in order to succeed. - RT
LIVE @ The Epicentre in San Diego, CA THIS SATURDAY!! 7pm see you there ;)
yeah true. I'm curious as to how many of these people have actually studied these prospects in the past
At the beautyshop tired as hell
I don't think that technically counts as "advice."
#WeWontWork if you don't like tattoos.
All of a sudden, it's 2:30 am.
sad panda.. about mca.. damn..
w/e
Hello twitter world how yall doing
great swim today (but I should have done the math ahead of time) a measly 5 laps short of a mile... #nexttime!!!
Had an awesome week so far
It Was Real Hard At First, And Its Still Hard. But It's So Nice Having Somebody To Call Your Own. I Love My Son Very Much <3
(20th anniversary of my 10th birthday, maybe)
that is a sweet picture!
we are almost to 1,700 facebook likes and we are SO smitten!! xo
I love the new twitter layout. It gives me inspiration to tweet again.
It's crowded at the bottom, but it's lonely at the top.... #PG Management
not that idiot again!
Good night lol
nice move volunteering your neighbor/coworker. Would you like to try and grab lunch together today?
Thanks for following. I will come back and read frequently
RT Duh! MNY w Amy Rabin in Miami Beach! RT Happy Monday! Retweet this if you are ready to get back to the mat
it's really great, you should track it on tumblr (:
Um u missed the "debation" part...debation is not a word! Smh!
My hometown had 80% vote for Amendment 1.
We're just Mahomies & Acons who just support the most beautiful boys on earth <3 -Ally
Sucessful golfers make miraculous golf shots via help from invisible otherworlders that love them and golf.
don't let the bad vibes trample you -- keep being amazing and doing your thing!!! hugs!!
I just got an STD on fable..
please come before 10 it will be free
Going to see my grandparents tomorrow. I feel like my entire family are strangers
Looks like you guys have been having FAR too much fun!!
Not sure what's worse: eating with your mouth open or chewing gum with it open. The sights and sounds are unnecessary.
yep,.... it will do just fine!!11
I tried the Giggle/Hair Flip; I almost got fired.
Happy Christmas Day wishes to all! <U+2665>
Haha. Ok. I'll be there in a bit.
I lay - lay back, cognac And I dont even drink like that, I sell crack
This is my first #writersroad. Any hints I should have ahead of time? ;)
is my Official and Verified account
Please tell how I can find out more.
Congratulations to for being named one of ' 15-to-Watch for 2011!
What was your take on the truck race and how POed is ?!
cool! checking it out now, haven't seen this one yet
Saddle up for our featured Thanksgiving Pizza: Garlic Sauce, Turkey, Mashed Potatoes, Green Beans, Stuffing & French Onions!
That's great advice. Thanks Luke!
A week ago today I had the Best Night of my Life with Thanks , and ! #inyourhands ROCK!
My mommy made popcorn on the stove
Getting ready to do some cleaning. It's Wednesday, but seems like Saturday.
I'm tweeting 10 Mile times for Katie Nguyen in real time on race day. Powered by Xact.
You probably get sick of songwriters using your name but have you heard "Chorine My Sheba Queen"?
Where is the blood evidence??? Haven't Seen any !
I don't think you NEED one, but I just think it'd be cute
-___- Fuck off! :p (not legit bro I wasn't being serious!!!!)
We're exactly one month away from Minerva Music Festival. Which of our Memphis folks can we expect to see there?
Gabi dancing God , woo Go Gabi .
I AM SO UPSET.
Got a USC Spring Workout sticker for my ID so I can pretend to be into fitness.
Back and forth betw poetry and graphic design. One day I'll be able to do both at the same time and make money too.
true, true. But how do you think I should tell one of them I don't want the job? :o
Which is ironic since *we* choose what to confer prestige upon.
Somewhere Helen Lovejoy is shrieking, "WON'T SOMEONE PLEASE THINK OF THE CHILDREN!!?"
A prudent question is one half of wisdom. —-Francis Bacon
No kidding. Please make it stop.
: Please please please follow me!!!!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU HAVE NO IDEA!!! PLEASE <3 8
Mini victory: Android Instagramers now have tilt shift.
GREAT GOAL, HAVLAT!
i will not buy diablo3. i will not buy diablo3. i will not buy diablo3. i will not buy diablo3. i will not buy diablo3.
love love love love love
she said she's working so idk who can take mwah there
Our new Naz Kupelian "Switch It" Hairspray has arrived. A versatile hairspray w/ - low, medium & high settings $12.95.
The event is a one-timer, but we would love to have return for more #UX workshops. I think their Jan+Feb are TBA
The English dept. wants me to promote the major this week in lit classes. As it happens: "Idea of a University" & "Literature and Science"
not for this.
I went ice skating and now i am in pain
IM GONNA GO BACK TO BED AND CRY MYSELF TO SLEEP OKAY. MY LIFE WILL BE DEPRESSING UNTIL I HAVE UVIP IN MY HAND
"...they never brought a baby to a nunnery.//according to Shakespeare in Hamlet, a nunnery has a VERY different definition....
damn that nap really did me well. :)
103-95 with Bombers up - few seconds left. Last jam of the game!!!
Rain is beginning to move into Milwaukee County. The severe threat is gone, but still some heavy rain out there.
Night off, How nice. Not really. i think i'll just stay home.
#ThingsIDislike When a dudee only talk to you to fuck
T-Birds in Paris RT : no grease in the wild
When you accidentally like something on Facebook <<
I kind of felt it cause you asked for a paper lol
No, but it is OPENING DAY at Busch!
Planning a bday surprise for my boo (;
what the fuck u think I'm trying to do lol
And the Winner of Our Extreme Summer Makeover is Jan Kaufman!!! CONGRATULATIONS from The M Salon Team...
Goodmorning!! Have a great day!
For those interested in the Queen Diva Models model search IM me for more details
In the D, our mayor wanna close recreational centers, governor wanna build a $14 mill bridge with our $, n republicans want Obama out. Crazy
no, youtube didn't recommend that one
Fwy in both directions absolutely silent. Eerie!!
No, Twitter recommendations: Bank of America is not similar to NPR.
waitin on ya music bro
I feel like i cant breathe, D:
Easter is such a bad day.. Eating candy for breakfast? Never again..
#IfAliensAttack, I shall persuade them with the sounds of electronic music!! #peacelovemusic :)))
Fun day at the zoo (:
AntiChrist...yes. I know its not the same but I never got to go in the 90's, Jeordie White(Twiggy) is back. Had to. Was great.
Welcome to the new twitter account of WisconsinEminentDomain.com! Your most up-to-date source for WI eminent domain and condemnation law.
Have a great time James! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
I have the honor of working with scott graham & john thompson on tonight's westwood one broadcast of the #CAA championship game.
UNFOLLOW ME is just one of the
hahaha. I have the same tweet. :)
I'll mud wrestle! #AnythingToBeShirtless #Shameless RT : Oh boy. Now we'll have to do a mud wrestling match for charity....lol
Rest In Peace Dick Clark. New Year's Eve will never be the same...
Who won the Mizzou and Kansas game?
how hot does it get in England? 80's in mid summer?
iSwear iSmoke to Much weed, iJust can't remember things anymore XD
I wonder if #oomf ever misses me as much as I miss them.
You happy with all this? I know there your boys just wondering how you feel!
I was right there w/you Mack!
hm more push ups!!!
Diet doesn't mean healthy! RT : People who drank one diet soda per day were 44% more likely to have a heart attack or stroke.
Trent Green and Richard Baldinger live on with their breakdown of the #Chiefs 11th pick.
I feel so fat now I ate so much lol but I'm fat and happy
aww thank you so much!! :)
I need to really think of what I want my nxt tatt to be...hm
I took my little pug aj to get neutered today :( I have to pick him up at 4. I miss him <3
#shoutout for the follow. Followed back.
Watching Diary of a Wimpy Kid..... Yup!! I have no life... -_-
Wonderful to have you here--thanks so much for the Sunday Supper photo.
Why is this old turd on the bus telling me about his daughters? I don't give a fuckkkkk.
you're going to get married at a spencers when you're older..
thumb direction.
That sucks! Big fan of the show and the cast is amazing. Thanks for taking the time to do the show.
Goodness! We're blushing. RT : Check out chatting #cybermonday on ( too at ):...
if i don't marry justin bieber or miley cyrus i seriously don't know what i will do with my life
Oh, Yeah! RT : “The only thing that has to be finished by next Tuesday is next Monday.” Jennifer Yane
Nice respite this weekend from auditions. Today Emma has an appointment with Colleen Cler for print representation.
Just posted new painting "Rose Baby" on Facebook and www.peggyguichu.com
Welcome to the capital of Cascadia!
Both of these dudes got a chin! Good fight!
Are you driving from #rke to #rva Sunday 6/19 and want an expense-sharing passenger? If so, please DM me.
Go see your local musicians in concert! Buy their music! Extend their creativity!
Its 's birthday today!!!!!!!!!! :) :) :) Happy Birthday, hope you have the best day ever!
What the fuck. Why does my left eye keep watering?
Driving school has limited my tweeting time
haha Thanks for listening!
keep doing ya numbers boi! You got some heaters on ya site for real!
": Not everyone is going to stay relevant in my life..because people change and feelings change........"
This shows how new I am to Tweeting: I looked for the "like" button for this tweet. Anyway, I love days like that too!
Where have u been?
I'm sleeply but I loved that episode it also taught me that boys are pigs lol
I think that I am going to save the picture of President Bush on my desktop. The one where he seems to ask, 'miss me yet?' We do sir.
Hiring #Controls #Engineer 4 Robotic Co in MI. Send resumes to or call 734-261-9472.
Almost time to start planning those Super Bowl parties! Pick up some of our BBQ to make it a day to remember!
#fangirling over why does he have to be so cute?! <U+263A>
recoding variables - it's a continuation & progress
lol yea I you wanna be more precise!
Remind me. Which lesson has eating stinky bean and durian?
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I was so lost didn't understand it
If pairing with caps lock set "normally" I have to remove the key or I look like I'm typing while having a seizure.
What's with the "starving..." Were you going to finish your thought, or were you too busy being a smug asshole?
happy 6th birthday to Kage (tomorrow)!
Thanks! Will do! :-)
homemade chicken parm >>>
Dear , I pinned a few things tonight. Just for you.
Super dinnertime discussion about social media while in Berlin tonight. Looking forward to more at tomorrow!
no not anymore , btw my bad i answered so late i just got on
It is! I'll send you an ARC
I sent off my final payment on the Camry today...and my check engine light came on. Today. Wth???
Why did this full-spandex cyclist just ride by on a Pinarello with no saddle? Did he lose a bet or something?
So far so good! Still getting settled in and up to sped on the many exciting projects that are about to begin.
If my teeth could talk, they would be screaming right now.
I agree! Come back! We loved seeing you at Mova...
WOW!!! It's warmed up to +18.
RT : and how far we've come from Congress singing "God Bless America" on the Capitol steps to heckling the president on the floor
There was a time in my life, I felt that whatever mistakes I made, I would get through them. I was a child then, now I'm an adult.
Lainey Battles Thank you for the like
One week LA,Chicago,NY,ATL next week Vegas,Ind,Ark,NJ much easier on everybody
We talked and drank and danced and said goodbye, we laughed until we cried
Everyone Can't Be A Priority .
Going to go rip the plastic off my dry cleaned dresses right after this! No mold for me!
Happy 100th Birthday, Oreo!!
hi! Got a suggested reading on "vanity education" ??? Or a metric that is useful for sorting programs/degrees?
Baby step under my umbrella, we'll make it through any weather Except when I make it storm, Sex in the greatest form
Playing casa del mar in Santa Monica with amazing soul singer, Terron Brooks, and my main man Rob Perkins on drums. 7pm.
At this store in Raytwn & this chick got on USPA sandals -_-
"Where's my dad going?" "You don't have a dad. You have a f___ing sperm donor." Like who says that to their child? Whatever, cops are here.
RT : " Strong to possibly damaging winds today much of #NM. If you see a downed power line stay away & call us ASAP...
seriously! what the hell. I really wanted to see them
I am in LOVE w/ what Robin R is wearing today!- Gorgeous!
not yet, but almost!!!
On my last beer...couldn't be more sad
I'm on a boat.
i really wanted wisconsin to win.
that's the only way I know<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Watch me rap "How Low" by Ludacris & get all awkward around the boyz....HAHAHAHAHA. that sounds like fun actually.
saw that this morning. Be my date?
Hope ya'll had a real nice christmas. Quiet week in the office here... Getting all of the little duckies in order for 2012...
Just biked 8 miles in 35 minutes & now my legs feel like spaghetti noodles
"Concentrate all your thoughts on the task at hand. The sun's rays do not burn until brought to focus." -Alexander Graham Bell
At one of the greatest places on earth... The Tillamook Cheese factory! It's the disneyland of cheese.
Michio Kaku (sp) co-inventor of quantum string theory is on coast to coast talking about physics of the future. i love coast to coast.
Intelligence is not a science.
talking to my ex. he wants to fuck me. he has a big dick, too bad he never did
Service industry night tonight! Come in with your uniform/apron and get $2 Miller High Life bottles and $2.50 shots of Jamesons.
I saw the new one today at Macy's and coveted. ;) I think it might be too big for my kitchen counter though...
Don't forget to follow ! If they reach 5K followers tomorrow, they'll donate $5K to the street kids program in Rwanda!!!
lol truth hurt sometimes
I switched on the #autopilot and will coast the rest of the day.
Where and when are Saturday's semi-finals?
Thanks to my cohost as well as all who attended the first TypeCast Webinar. FREE OnDemand coming soon.
did someone steal 's account?
I need a Disney expert! Is Pocahontas or Pinocchio coming out on DVD anytime soon?
Ask a girl if you can give her 10 things that will change her life for the better forever. If she says yes, give her your phone number.
Watch your shadow fade.
Same here (with literary criticism). I keep trying, but usually end up ordering the hardcopy book anyway.
Maybe u didnt get the memo. I dont allow peeps to run me over.
Not sure if I want to default to AdMo or hit up Barrack's Row.
already another surprise planned - brunch. We'll do donuts another day.
new menu, new chef, new attitude! Excited for change.
yeah i think were trying to go to some place that has dollar beer from like 4-6
usually weekends. I can't drink during the week like I used to LOL
Are you thinking of getting another tattoo? Upload a photo if you'd like.
Oh my gosh united make up your mind... I was not on the plane then in 29F and then off. Hope my bag makes it to DC and into my hands...
Coffee...thank you :)
How are the #smarties doing? (: ~K
Next show in April. Stay tuned for details!
Hate forgetting to shave -_-
Do a search on and watch the timeline shit is funny.
wholeheartedly miss your vids amigo. #basilhelpedmequit :)
Some people say why u give that man a dollar he needs help & if he dont God will deal with him im glad i could help
Yes we are and I look forward to it - thanks!
Sorry for the late reply - small world indeed! Hope you're doing well.
damn. crazy.
they deserved to win at the #KCA's
Rebuilding a program is not easy, we need all Bison on deck
Ah! Twitter change
Should the #Badgers offer Roback, he'd be the third uncommited 2013 QB with a UW offer (joining NJ's Kevin Olsen and CA's Troy Williams)
building 2 houses next week. Welcome to Apple Valley Youth group from MN!
what about em?
I could really use that stress mgmt. for parent. I have 3 yr old who is at full tantrum stage.
Everyone needs love :*
there is an illegal immigration problem in the usa that is interfering with our foreign policy..
Let's get sexy
#3WordsForYou I love you :D
R u kidding me....Marcum!!!! Grand slam....now those r fireworks on the 4th!
I hate to spoil it for you if you aren't watching right now, but Principal Belding is on
only three more weeks, right?
glad you guys made it back safe!!
Follow for a SHOUT OUT. Tweet 'done' when you do.
Yes nothing big!
As long DEr gone be Sum Chocolate dur haha
Appropo for twitter! RT : your quiet o'erposting that action.
Study. Workout. Work. Study.
Amy Whinehouse died. All my prayers go to her family
Wow we have ourselves a game here...Denver looks really focused right now
Single white female..addicted to retail.
6'4" dark haired men who are good with their hands.
totally! Thanks for the invite, I will def arrange to stop by very soon.
Finally could post videos on youtube
"A life is never ended until all the lives it has touched have ended too." Chinese Proverb. Know the influence you have and #workfaithfully!
Late night jam sesh with strangers = win
Twitter Tip: Always begin a Tweet with something besides @ username if you want your followers and their followers to see it.
Tonight's #30Rock was brilliant.
I'm up getting ready to watch announce the CMT Award nominees on !
We will, thanks! :)
I'm pulling for you to win the starting job in Denver all the way from Madison, Wisconsin. GB²
He's the anti-Gerald Green. MT : Avery Bradley has excelled this season at playing without the ball.
ah... i thought it was some kind of musical instrument... could it be used as one, in a pinch?
m unexpected projectile baby vomit. an inauspicious start to a twitter career, no doubt.
Sold out. Shoot
But does anyone know a good theme for tumblr guisee?
it's me Vance mi love!
aw no biggie. just feeling like MEH. all day! time to kick out the jams.
MAYHEM IN KC
My confidence and creativity wax and wanes as i discover that someone else thought of the word "Rasterbation" before i did.
what's wrong with your legs?
#kids Three Rivers Ringers "An American Adventure": Three Rivers Ringers "An American Adventure" Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 4:00 PM Beulah...
Studying topic shifts can not only tell us about topics, but also about speakers - how often do they change topics?
DEATH METAL.
dont watch me.
he said that isn't recommended though. It means you can start the car in gear.
Would u be willing to check out www.myLIFEspeaks.com & tell us how we can get u to visit our campus I Haiti?
Thanks! Look forward to learning more.
Camp Bow Wow for "Best of the City" contest from ABQ Mag! Click Best of the City. Best Category We Left Out,on gray line,Camp Bow Wow.THX!
Neil Howe says cusper Xer/Millennial "nomads" are future leaders who can inspire both gens ...Abe Lincoln was a nomad. Go us!
Thanks for the follow if you need a comedian,DJ,emcee or wedding officiant for any events hit me up
Omg killing it on stage and looking super hot :D ;)
Daily Sketch Writing Suggestion: a daughter doesn't understand that her father does want to play with her, an explanation on loan sharks
One is never more on trial than in the moment of excessive good fortune. ~ Lew Wallace
Greetings! Just a reminder of our next make-up class on Dec 16th. Get those tips on Day to Night looks!
Why am I craving mexican food at 9:30 in the morning??????
Chris Long has one.. you can ask him.
OK, I'll tweet it. Who IS Keyser Söze?
I hate the beach water
#WeWontWorkOutIf: Your not a country boy
This chemistry homework is killing me!
it should be a grt time. some issues that need to be discussed
Agreed. But they should from a time preferential advantage w/production, not gov't imposed monopoly over reproduction
"There’s a little bit of devil in her angel eyes. She’s a little bit of heaven with a wild side. Got a rebel heart a country mile wide."
#churchplanters The team you surround yourself with will either kill the vision or bring it to life. Get rid of the dead weight quickly!
AOS: I miss anything while I spent most of the day at a Convent with my family? (stop laughing...I was there and did not burst into flames)
Absolutely. A lot of students at Augie know about Kronum?
thanks dude some of it is kinda sloppy but I don't even care hehe
hey you east siders! Stop saying who won/lost a grammy! Psh ruining it for the rest of us..
Wordpress session. Key to blogging: per Dustin: spend 3x as much time promoting posts as writing #ICSF (via )
hey cuz how r the girls how r u doing
you and zayn look too cute! haha
Are you looking for an original gift our store will be a great place to start.
Valentines Day is mostly about loving-kindness towards anyone and everyone. Love is a miracle.
Thank you! Hope it was as enjoyable to listen to as it was to record.
yo are you home? Ballin at highland soon??
is a riot this morning in the "race" car! She's having small talk while driving and the instructor's like, "GO FASTER!"
Finalizing Business Plan! You should be able to purchase Love Crunch bars sooner than you think!
just asking
lol I'm still gonna try 2 go. I'ma just have 2 take a nap 1st
Three new Zip Line Tours add to Idaho Adventures
Yeah, but I work at 4 today. I'm off tomorrow and Tuesday. Planning on seeing it one of those days.
#Jimmyjohns never fails to satisfy
OKAY IM DONE. seriously. fuck it. bye. have fun
Chicagoland school administrator resigns over text messages
If I'm looking for a job as a building planner does Tiny Tower count as experience?
I owe you an email.
I have way too many things due next week. Why?!
No problem! Please let us know if you have any questions. The historic tax credit is great for many kinds of projects.
Benoit will only be considered if Antoine Carr doesn't accept it!
wow that's in like 20 days we need a master plan.
because she's not just the cute & adorable lil ms maddie ne more
#EDSHOW Every time I see Donald Trump I seriously want to punch myself in the face.
Girl I'mnot gone break your party heart.
Re: The entrepreneurial experience helps either way; win/loss agreed. It's been an uneven road for me but the learning - priceless
Oh snap! I'll call you later. Would love to see you guys tomorrow might!
Who says you have to stick to writing one genre of music? Spice it up! Keep it interesting.
keep doin it big at school,you are very talented.
Can someone explain why people include useless details on their about me? Example: "Zayn tweeted me on 1/12/12!" No one cares ...
awww yea well email me if u still want one, maybe will work something out!
Baby, baby, baby, when all your love is gone who will save me from all I'm up against out in this world?
It was worth it..
Just stopped home before the show. Heard a "Let's Go Pens" chant coming from the school bus dropping off the neighbor kid.
#Malkin score!
Catch a sneak preview of the Celebration Gospel Festival tomorrow from 8-9am on channel 8!
God restores the broken through Christian Rehab Centers
i wanna be a lawer and it has a law program
she is about to get knocked up :/
you say you getting money mane , we ain't sen nothing !
but not nearly sexy enough :P
The Ladies of the house are going nuts voting for their "The Voice" favorites. It's Jermaine and Chris in a photo finish here
I fucking love you
lol I made one along time ago |jmk
princeton is kissing me and hiss tongue is going down your throat It goes too far You princeton I think.BARFS IN HIS MOUTH You Reaction
best part of that interview was yelling at the end"tell sean we think he is cool!" are you in high school??
Thanks :) RT : So i just watched your videos and you're hilarious , you cuss alot but i fucking love it. lmao
Back from warm and lovely thanksgiving with and in LA. Good friends make life great!
Is it really necessary to x-ray kid's teeth every 6 months? Seems redundant...
wake up sleepy head(:!!
more than words???
3PT shooting % because of shot selection or poor shooting in general?
knowing him he'll just wanna perform all the new ones :/ But wow, what are the chances of getting that "backyard code" lol.
Let's do it together!!! Hugs and high 5!!
Thank you! They call me The Suit around these parts.
asdfghjkl;!! He's following me!!!(:
Come on out to our balloon spiraling event tomorrow! Fun starts @ 10:30am w/Fractal expert Jonathan Wolfe!
of course you would drop a Luda reference in your anniversary post. Amazing. Happy bday to BBJ Amber!!
string quartet at the women's club
No it's not. How often have you been out for Relays and there was a fight in the bar?? Almost never. Way worse for Rot Rally.
is thinking Zulu Male Ensemble, Kumbuka African Dance, Bruce Hornsby, Mystikal, and Ziggy Marley. I will be bouncing at Mystikal.
to the random chick in the avi, when u awake. Good Morning Haha<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
this has been a great ass day wth an unhappy ending !
Be back in a while
Yay i love fridays!!!
ehyy hey'hey ! good evening . hehehk ^^
when get out i want you to have classic hard beat for him and to spit on how about it?
Adri played some ghetto song & then turns to me & goes i ripped my pants. Gets up to show me and hit her leg on the table
Bill Self for President!
#ThatAwkwardMoment When is starring at me then says....O_O "I love your eyelashes" hahah!
I have money but I'm so broke...
He is probably the best Candidate since Thomas Jefferson. Smart lady
Some good Seattle tweeps for #FF: , , , ,
awww! Without you guys and those nachos who knows how I would have survived
#truthis I had straight A's my senior year with AP Bio and AP English.. #gotmybookon #neverstudied until the night before exams lol..
I feel bad aw
follow me cause i'm fucking amazing
Don't spell Yogurt Yoghurt, I'll pronounce it Yog-Hurt ya doofus.
On their Bday?
WCCF is in Houston learning about smart social media policy with Packard Foundation and others
I think it's high time we restart the honored tradition of hard drinkin' Fridays.
get yer mother a card 4 mothers day. one w/a dog on it. so she knows it's from u.
what are your thoughts on the texans trying out veteran qb Jeff Garcia
Loyola baby!!!": Love coming downtown <3 definitely living here when im older(:"
lolol that's awesome :')
Realized that class started ten minutes earlier than I thought. Yup, definitely in
“: tonight at City Tavern in Dallas. Show starts at 9! Good music, cold beer, and good food!” see you there!!
yeah just follow me I'll follow you back
congrats! Welcome to the club. Great addition to the Bayview.
Pleasure is all mine!
for a moment not follow, because I have some personal issues :)<U+2665> ILY
Everyone welcome to twitter! He is a good friend of mine and a great person to know in the World of Sports.
It's also international fees and only if you are vodaphone and another british network, weak sauce
If the GOP wins in 2012 ratings will soar at MSNBC as they did at FOX when Obama won. If GOP wins so does MSNBC/GE. You lose. Think about it
Many Christians leaving Kano and 'that's troubling for many people here' via Ofeibea Quirst Arcton
oh. I don't know if I know that well enough!
Coming up on 9News 6am...We're talking about underwear that sing.... And no, I'm not kidding.
Yeah, that fisheye lens is not flattering..
Passing out credentials and waiting for to get here. haha
Happy Birthday Alex!!!!!xD
Q: How do bass players exercise on the beach? A: By sucking in their stomachs every time they see a bikini. www.Distrophonix.com
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 63
I'm my experience, educators share that info with each other but not curators. Not sure why.
glad we ran into each other! Keep cranking.
Bank blocked my dues payment for the American Library Association b/c it was suspicious. Time to hide the money under da pillow!
Aw, very cool, thanks :)
why? You need your rest.
Archives is easy. Writing session proposals is hard.
thanks...and yes I have a lot more slaps!
Goldie - what do we have to do for the Sun Sentinel? They ridiculously buried this great win on page 6 this morn. So wrong!
Counting down the days till SUMMER BREAK!!!
do you know what time the fireworks start before the game?
i think i Voted 100 Times for you! Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!! ily H
Michigan versus Ohio. Which one?
Ah the little things... Relaxing watching some Badger bball after a couple of productive days off work!
I wanna live in quincy :(
maybe I'm tired of all the cheese.
drop chems not bombs
Submit your winning images of the U.S. for a chance to win Blanton Membership! Email them to sat15lop+.com by 5/11!
nothing better than #traderjoes wine & tomato-less salsa and !
No, that's to graduate on time, unfortunately. And that's after I took 18 most semesters at GB. Transferring can kinda suck
we have Reps too! People want problem solvers, not strict partisans.
So how y'all Laker fans feeling right now. Pins n Needles
1 800 I get it in
For Real!! Do not like him at all. You think he get voted off this week????
Just gettin off #mallflow T.G.I.F
Madonna isn't even trying to hide the fact that she's lip syncing.
Austin, TX -- for location, which promises 169 start-ups. The first page is fine, but it has only 16 profiles.
Happy Belated New Years Tweeps! What did you do this New Year's Eve?
thank-you ,appreciate it:)
Thanks for hosting a great forum on social media in journalism/pr
*Wave back* hey!
Hey smoker! yeah u, the self-centered smoking asshole. believe it or not ur cigarette butts are indeed trash, and that's littering.
Thank you so much for the mention!
i have a ton to read. and we will be doing it differently in a minute and I'm about to tweet. please be patient! thanks:)
haha thank you...posting 6 now. your in this part!
Orioles will make the wild-card playoffs.....I'm dead serious..Zach Britton getting healthy..Machado and Bundy coming soon. BROB return?
Dude. Jealous.
You know you link to Tracey Flick twice in your Reese Witherspoon post?
Time to get back in with >>> Definitely inspired:)!
I've never hated doing taxes as much as I do now that I have home owner crap to include :-/
Come out for our #FirstFridays! Food, music, entertainment and GREAT HAIR SERVICES! Make an appt. now during #happyhour! 510-832-1100
Wanna jolt.. Read Jack Ketchum's The Girls next door. True Horror. Makes u wonder if evil is contagious?
its 3 in the morning, and i can't sleep!
Hi Colin - thanks for following us
Thanks a ton Chris. I'm glad you liked it!
climbing trees.
So far I have to say this is MY FAVORITE show of the year. yeah #uppers Panel looks/sounds light and youre a blast to watch
Did I seriously just miss a pre-sale......ERGH!!! 10am Friday can not get here fast enough!!
hi Bette!! Nothing else, just HI!!!!
only a ten sec difference! There is a previous tweet i made and if you can find and if you RT it you can win a kit too!
I have a paper due in the morning :( wahh
In six months, digital pub meetings have gone from an hour a week of my time to 3-5 hours a day. I guess times have changed.
Chants to recall Walker erupt during every break between speakers and whenever Walker's name is brought up
only you in my mind
Why I'm tweeting about Ian MacKaye a day late: I took his advice and stayed present in the moment. And enjoyed the experience.
I'm on my cell,no home internet other then my phone :'(
feature request for : auto-add people to orgs if they register with the domain linked to that org. manually adding is mad annoying
Caramel Mocchiotto....I guess that's how you spell it. haha
August 2nd I will be djing at Artifice @ 1130pm. Straight ghetto Chicago house. Prepare to heat"motherfucker" a lot.
Voted to do the night driving later if we dont stop... Yes have the girl that cant see anything while its light out drive
ehhh mayb but I don't think we are going to switch
Ha! By the way I enjoyed Rushdie's book.
There is no way the world is going to end in 2012. We haven't even invented warp drive yet!
I want to be a part of it!
Stop acting like that. Fr
giving my baby boys baths, reading them stories and then its a re-run of MAD MEN-love that show
But which chick?
I gotta get this straight.
Answering the question of the month to all my new Twitter followers - Yes it's my real name. =D
Toledo... Seriously..
Now that's an awesome bday extravaganza!
My headphones came out.
#DaveMatthewsBand will be performing at Nationals Park July 23rd! Get your #tickets early!
When the hell did this hoe said we have a quiz today?
Just seen a commercial for a website that lets u promo events by zip code & mail it out. Mixo is about to go ham
when u get time hmu bro
We are open Monday 12:30 to 6 pm. Thank you for your business.
is 2nd Lf all text? or is it voice chat too?
Lol I know you never wanted Dwight but at one point my TL was on fire with trade Amare and Tyson for Dwight.
Just going to point that that one particular new guy looks like is some good eatin' lol.
At visa! Ready to watch and Nathan:)
'Model food' is really not that bad once you get used to it... ;-) Hey it's healthy!
what is there to understand XD
Doin some R&D
yeah(: can I add you on bbm?
bout to play Madden '09 wit my son.
the black guys like al green and teddy P? ;)
who's Djing/ whats the deal? sounds fun......
Lucky you! I've been trying to do the same for a while.
You know its gettin real when your latest nights are your greatest nights
Hey Gret to meet a fellow screenwriter! Working on anything right now? Hope writing is going well!!
Blow drying my hair & tweeting simultaneously.
I lived fine before you but now why can't I live without you.
The thing about not being an especially picky eater is you forget your luck til you try to feed another kid who Totally is.
so many baby centipedes. everywhere.
Omg it is too Damn hot outside. :( Florida is wack right now.
<U+263A>-girls just wanna have
Met with the this morning about the Keep it Moving Program - #monument10k #homeless training team.
of course if you called! And whens your prom??
My throat still hurts from screaming at that gameshow :/
Nigga will fuck with a pitbull with a wig on! You niggas is crazy! # Baleedat
I think I'm hungover? Still not sure, but I'll keep you updated.
watching some romeo+juliet...
Totally confused...whether to love the wrong person or to forget i ever met you...P.S. I CANT FORGET YOU
I thought that was extremeley exciting. Many thanks for your unusual details. I'll maintain using this.
That Awkward Moment When You Call Somebody & Start Talking........... Only 2 Realize Its The Voice Mail! LOL ((I Always Fall For It))
#I<3Myself Do you love yourself?
thank u everyone
Thanks for the heads-up. Planning to mention DMPTool next week in an SRA presentation: is coalition taking new members?
Agreed. RT "You can't just DO a blog; you got to LOVE blogging." - , on the subject of ad agency blogging
Wow. So glad I watched that game instead of cleaning my bathroom.
...Followed by 50+ min of jump roping!Didn't do my planks though.Gonna do 'em today though.What'd you to upgrade your fitness lvl yesterday?
And I, good lady, like them extra dry, hold the fruit. Cheers! :D
Hahah, that's okay :)
thank you sir. See you at #paycon!
Who is Jason Marquis? He wouldnt pull his BABY antics over in the #Orioles dugout .... bet on that !!!!
Nice! RDFa going live on public website sometime soon?
Watching the kids' choice award for (:
sennie said its fine. And she said you better not call out or anything. You need to show up because its going to be both of
Please do not mock the chicken leg. Nor the turkey mini corn dogs.
Can't accelerate calendar of inertia change --
thank you for being brave enough to share your fight with us. We've been here rooting for you since day one.
I love the Insanity workout. Very intense. Hurt my shoulder. :( Go For It!
Promise to always give you me, the real me ~
I see that you've considered what we spoke about yesterday.
The accident in the Battery Street Tunnel has been cleared. All lanes are back open.
LOVE new song, 'We R Who We R'! Go get it!
I know the first draft of every screenplay sucks but I'm ready for rewrite and awsomeness!!!
NF the rapper that randomly started rapping near her house in humboldt park
Hey, daya! Hoping you see this tweet... retweet/reply plz.
"They gon love me for my Ambition"... -Wale
not a good sign for the future of the planet! Hopefully by raising awareness we can start heading in the other direction.
it was great to see you last night for the CTD film opening night! Miss you all!
White girl.
Attention! Attention! My former afternoon drive partner is now on Twitter
The game would be over by now and we would be in the lead if was on the court
why do people pretend like nothin is wrong when something clearly is bothering them? i'm not a fucking mind reader, just say it.
In honor of the Rangers Home Opener-- Texas Rangers Gelato is back! Go Rangers!
yup comes out today!
Glad you guys are okay.
"Treat other people exactly as you would like to be treated by them, for this is the essence of all true religion." - Jesus of Nazareth
I have seen about 50 pictures if rainbows on instagram!!
Screw gravity
Knowledge is power
i am new here
Women who say "I don't need a man" will be pissed when we start packing tampons in tightly sealed jars.
derrick rose took a beating his first few yrs in the #nba and he paying for it now. just rest em till playoffs!
what's wrong. Don't worry be happy
keep crushing stud! Thinking about you and pulling for you daily bro!
is it true that only 100 fans meet bvb @ wt cuz I'm pretty pissed about it >:( fuck some security!Meet&greets used 2b so chill :(
“: life is short & so is your penis” preach
Im up... i might knock out in a few
#unreal I'm mowing the air Rand I'm mowing the air
Shocked!! ...NOT "RT : RT Via , some members of #Jaguars org. believe Henne will beat out Gabbert”
5/8 "to acknowledge that they ever took place." This excerpt delighted me b/c it is the precise sentiment expressed by Chris Lehmann
Whats Havoc Saying Everyone? Someone fill Me In!
so funny... After its over I'm heading to walmart... Hm...
That moment when your phone vibrates and it's not the person you wish it was
Shaviro on panpsychism: Everything in the universe both public and private, exterior and interior. Science denies interiority.
standard? basic?
NWS: Blue Earth, Brown, Martin, Watonwan residents advised to be alert for possible warnings until 3:30pm.
I hate to inform you, but you can't look at the world through a mirror.
#17bella What was you're first initial reaction when you find out you were going to play cece jones ?
"Focus is great but you gotta live and love too..."
Lordy that 6:30AM run was brutal but much needed! Ready 2 start fresh hitting the rd for Derby Glam time!
great to follow you. For web designing, is there any specific ecommerce system you're referring your clients to?
Not having the game on TV is a disgrace. . . Nice middle finger to your fans.
stupid people really really really really frustrate me.
More knowledge...
The simplicity of the preparation yields the complexity of the result.
Biology but I'm also really interested in Journalism
11:30 pm, and it suddenly seems like a great time to vacuum. Which is weird, considering how much i hate vacuuming and love sleep
Jon Moulton wowing the crowd VC in Europe small and shrinking, with CVC a significant and growing part - acct for 50% of $$$?
my substitute is dressed like it's 2002
Hosting in Buffalo today. Good to have you here in real life...
#maythe4thbewithyou sorry I am a day late !!!!!!!!!
Are three year olds contractually obligated to adore Thomas the Tank Engine? My nephew will recite entire episodes without the TV on...
Wishing everyone safe travels this weekend with all the winter weather rolling in!
Fly over and be with us. :)
Tks for the s/o!RT :#TT shouts #winning everyday for their clients in #freight +
Nominee Berenice Bejo (The Artist) on the RC, who's roothing for her?
What a cutie!
Then how did they turn it around?
It was great to see you again, you did a terrific job!! keep up the amazing work n we'll all eat soon!
yep exactly. I was on Clevelands side
couldnt agree more
inspires me in weird ways.
Submit your poems today to the new SLAM! National Newsletter! . Deadline is August 31, 2011.
IMO, for it to be on track for 13. We need 4 new SP's. Won't happen. We can not go into next season with anyone but Chen.
We are excited to be partnering with for the ‘Treats & Beats’ bridal event. Swing by to sample bites from 1-4pm
RT : Q3) What are YOU doing to prepare for changes in your own role - e.g. new skills?
open school networks!
After 3 days of #SCOTUS arguments, Prof Renee Landers recaps hearings & answers your Qs today at noon. What do u want to know?
Despite many Negative Nancys poopooing on #DCRestaurantWeek, I'm going to bundle up and head to my reservation!
At US History and Online Highways (Travel), we're working to write histories for all American cities, mostly focusing on smaller ones.
The Imaginary Band Sept Birthday Bash! Mastrellas - Sept. 24th! Classic Rock like you've never heard in Rochester! Including Fleetwood Mac!
Another vegan meal 4 dinner. May become a trend if I keep making recipes. Reco Avocado Pesto Pasta & Oyster Mushroom Tacos
#FOLLOW me if you don't need makeup cos your
Good morning Twitter.
The way of a fool is right in his own eyes, but a wise man is he who listens to counsel. -Prov 12:15 - sent by my Aunt Sharon - God bless!!
Funny thing is, I'm a Kobe, Pau, and Hill fan..... Don't really care much for Meta, but he didn't mean to. I really believe that.
Yum! That sounds fantastic!
On the 2-1 goal I shouted so strongly and loudly that my dog started shaking....oops!
Omg I am tryin so hard not2 act my color with this manager but she is really tryin me. I think I'm gonna contact a lawyer
that explains it :)
lol i'm always like vasssshappningggggg to annoy people ahah my friends are just like where's the nearest mental hospital
I think Tom Benson should fire all involved. RT What do you think of the penalties that was placed on the Saints?
- ah, but do you want that in print? as we both know, the media never lies...
EMarketing Views (EMarketingViews) thanks for the follow.
is Alan Levine. Teaching #ds106 right now. Also interviewed you guys about digital identity a few weeks ago.
Wonder what thug thought of this
being single sucks
The Brooks Lockwood episode will hopefully be up Monday. You are mentioned in this show.
wassup fam it's your boy ANGEL of D.O.C. "Disciples of Christ" saying wassup & here with some music. Any questions hit me up! Real Talk. Fam
Great meeting you. Thanks for the awesome feedback about Look forward to lunch sometime!
Taking stock of the landscape, frost-tinged farmland, sun creeping out behind the hills...scrape the ice off my car and let's go do a show!
I want an iPhone just so I can ask Siri sexual things.
Our Pepper Workshop is ON! Scheduled for 5/19 (Sat). Preregister at Paradigm Gardens $15 or signup the day of $20.
Thankyou so much and and we too know that G OD has great things planned for him.He has inpacted more livesN 4years than most
Hi - hope you're doing well. Come visit soon.
totally jealous! Do report back on whatever awesome you see at MOMA tonight.
Do you love #NewOrleans? Do you love #MardiGras? Follow us today & you'll get to see some gorgeously detailed archival carnival designs
Can't wait to see and tie the knot this weekend!! No words to explain how exciting! cc:
#IfYouKnowMeWell you'd know my hands spaz out when im nervous
I am so ready for a night of some clean, wholesome blackout fun
Before having any Adventures Under the Sun, stock up at 's buy one get one 50% off summer essentials sale through May 13
I just Gotta give my wife props for a Mom employed f/time and 8 yrs of part time college Graduating from U of Indy today w/ Honners I Luv U
#FF Publishing Peeps
There's a difference btw reactive and deliberative use of social media. Faculty who don't embrace edtech--do they see that difference?
TOGA! TOGA!
My stomach is growling already. I think I woke up hungry. What's that all about?
#nccetl do districts keep parents in the loop so policy neither shocks nor disappoints
I'll be donating all of my tips this week from to the #2012FolkMarathon! Because nothin beats great music & coffee
Thanks for the interesting chat today!
Lol stop! RT : my city is based.
Going grocery shopping with and comparing grocery shopping apps #groceryiq and #grocerypal. Which one will win?
no one speaks to my babies that way lol
It's LOUD here at #LSP today!
or reply to them to go and hunt and gather... Lol
what time do you land?
The King and I steered away from prez politics, but we did chat about wardrobes (rock 'n' roll, not VP) and my pudgy Elvis tattoo.
Like id a comedy to those who think and a tradegy to those who feel. Shakesphere
#fridaylistens Deliver us from Evil by Baldacci - excellent narrator (McLarty) & a thrill ride of a story
Q's about going silent: will you laugh? (no); how will communicate with the dog? (hand signals)
You deserve better treatment than that!!
I seriously dislike any help/chat service that really can't do anything to help me. You hear me , its annoying to always call.
vs We need this. Also Aries vs and Aries vs Sabin.
Got back from DEC's Dansville #fracking public hearing and trying to process it all. Large crowd, lots said. Some protestors on stilts.
Make sure you sign up for the #BestSocialMediaBootcampEvah at the #AAMKT #Vagoose 2012 conference. It will be a
new twitter interview question: "now do that while banagramming"
. observing that our discussion has implicitly been about the identity politics of separating the humanities
getting ready to head down to for the funemployment radio tax week special sandwich! m....spaghetti...
SHOUTOUT TO TAYLOR FROM VIRGINIA! I LOVE YOU BOTH! <3 143
Hey Caroline! I love the music video "Rome!" Its amazing! Tweet me or RT!!!!
no not yet....soon I'll get to work n I'll have an email saying its available. No advance notice here...sorry!
Grats! RT : I can officially say I will be participating in The Final Four for Beach Volleyball !!!
Can I get some followers?
How 3 Mashable Readers Landed Jobs Via Social Media
If she can go long enough without talking...lol.
thanks!! You're too nice :) I wish he would follow me!
wine on a Friday is always good.
wow...time warner really must of wanted to keep you
I love this! RT : Now THIS is a woman exec I admire. Spending dinner every night w my kids is something I won't ever...
he wants to see who is taller duuh
I really hope everything turns out okay !
F you too you got hit with tht F-bomb now .
Timing is everything.
Posted a few reference photos in my DA scrapbook. I'll post more soon, as well as a finished project (hopefully).
I love how im the one who is called to help initiate conv with my cousins interests AND then to help her break up w them.
If anyone can will himself to the task, it's Kobe. But he's got 42K+ career minutes under his belt. He's Methuselah in basketball years.
Congrats to Lebron James. I can't hate on him for killing it for another year.
RT : Hahaha! RT : Daylight Savings makes us lose an hour. It’s just like checking Twitter.
I have a whole night. And a lot of thinking to do .
thanks! we are so excited to be working with young musicians!
go 2 the BB 4sig on ur phone, it wii take you there
gonna attempt to finish 3units 2english & 1geography homework packets i have 65% done so i can test on them tomorrow :3
I think I need to become 34% more productive
Huh. Schlotzkys has a banquet room.
I am sorry! THANK YOU!!!
I'm working on my short answer now :( I might not turn in the book questions tomorrow, but on Tuesday
TURN THE HELL UP LAKERS!
losing control of things..
Seal. He can handle it. He's had worse burns.
He was a really nice person. I can't believe he committed suicide.
Let me take my ass to work on my day off grrr
Denver office is happy today: Peyton Manning heads to the Broncos. Adds some heat onto the standing Chargers vs. Broncos annual bet.
My NYC life is now organized enough to start Tweeting again. What have I been up to? Job and apartment hunting, exploring and lots of coffee
because u don't watch glee, maybe? ": why do i not understand this tweet?"
You have to live with yourself for the rest of your life
i did add u
ITALIAN PRIDE ALL THE WAY!!!
Sounds great! and I would love to do lunch soon!
this shower scene is unnecessary (also I'm like 15 minutes behind, watching on DVR)
Everyone follow our Singer: Drummer: Guitarist: Guitarist: & Bassist: <3
Alright #Barves bring in the relief squad. Maybe Otis Nixon could throw a few.
doing some media today! Good thing I like to talk! Thanks for the interviews everyone!!
the dc dogs & ponies took a post-#BEERTOWN vacay but we r getting back in gear. 1st conspirators meeting of '12 this sunday.
make up time!!!
lol but it's making me not do my work .
I don't like either, but payroll tax cut + pipeline would equal compromise. The two party system is a disgrace.
Finished the day with 26125 blinds 200 400. Frustrating day.
EXPERIENCED Retail Professional...www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
I wanna go back to when it all began...but thats impossible, so i must move on...:/
I was just in Bali and they are all doing your Sack celebration!
If anyone magically ended up with an extra Flaming Lips LP from Record Store Day, I'll gladly take it off your hands.
I hate how teachers r giving us so much work and making them due all in the same week. Dnt they realize that we have other classes too?? FML
don't forget me i beg.
Just spilled red Kool-aid on my crotch. It looks so akward o.o xD
Up to June 1982 & not sure why this isn't on every Americanist PhD reading list.
What u got I need a lot of, so I can't let u go...
Diet Soda...who are you fooling, you're no better for anyone.
i was hopin you would get another pick 6 to see your dance. maybe next time.
famished/Starvin' Marvin ... no marathon, even
where do the falcons and ravens sit with you now?
you have obviously never stepped on a lego in bare feet or hit your hip bone on the corner of a table
so I had a dream you called me to come in and eat Mer's muddy buddies
Back on this cardio heavy!
Get safe and reliable transportation on a Limo Bus for your next brew tour at an affordable price! Call today to book 619.225.8466
i don't understand why girls have to be in each other's captions in their profile pictures...
Hm. I'd been telling people the Mavs were more than able to make this a series...
Do you know how many lives a single donor can save through organ donation?
you're still a badass! No doubt! You'll come back from this stronger than ever!
I love that comment some people need to get there priorities together
I want to be one of the first riders!
you can only pick your co-workers nose if you let them pick your nose
Happy birthday to the beautiful Love yaa xx
did you get my DM
just won contest on 100.5 espn madison. for guessing rod woodson with most pro bowls since 1995 for a defensive player.i won a fuckn shirt.
. talks about interuptions as idea urges. I dig it.
awww seriously only two weeks again until back to chi for good...i feel like i live a double life but is this good or bad?
Oh alright I see who's more important!
you've been hacked again. :( but I might try the berry diet anyways
uh huh! ALWAYS HOLDIN DAT HEAT!
just a plain pink dress from forever
Rudy Gay!
what did you get now? And why does it make you nervous?
Had audition w/little kid who was burning up w/a fever & near tears.The mom says his agent would be so angry if they had to cancel. So Wrong
holy shit that interview was amazing!!
You're welcome and good luck!
Why do I always feel so R-Rated?
Farting while submerged in water >
follow limit still </3 :( how do i not be on it??
jajajjajajaajaj!! the grapevine is closed. LOL
Man I miss all my Akron cats!!!! s/o to all my fellas and ladies from the AK-Right!!!!
Don’t tell me I’ve changed when in reality I’ve just stopped living life your way.
Thanks for the follow! We love your Etsy too (and the name "The Phantom Limb" is #rad). :)
your welcome. if you need someone im here
You don't need someone to complete you. You only need someone to accept you when you're an idiot. -- Scott Eddy ()
Consuming the last of the coffee in the house. Usually, daily volume of coffee = daily volume of written output. Something has to give.
agreed, 13 years as an mlb hitting coach with one team is unheard of these days
At the kreative kulture house painting building and getting ready for our opening.
Wrath of the Titans lacked finesse. First time being let down by Liam and Ralph.
indeed, look forward to meeting you !! > RT : Just purchased my tickets for !!! All-inclusive = god time :)
Bruins are gonna beat Flyers
Red wine and Mary Jane
I just realized that there are only seven rings for dwarves. Time for a LoTR/Snow White crossover?
I hate people that talk a lot
And now it's time for basketball. March Madness just over the horizon.
I so can't handle this right now
OH: The sun moved? When did it start doing that?
Validation::Class method keyword now creates self-validating methods which can validate data input and output ... sweet :)
some girls never grow out of light-up shoes...
He sure does!
So wonderful!
HOW WAS THAT NOT A 3?!??!
they fill my timeline w/ gr8 content
In Blogger Corp training for
Watching "Bomb Patrol: Afghanistan." Wow! I love my country and the brave soldiers who serve. Praying for you!
dang wish I had some wake n bake right now never went to salem road fucked up
RT : 2-run single by Paulino after E-2 on attempted pickoff at 2nd let runners move up. #orioles up 3-0. Still no outs
I dunno. I don't wanna sound stupid or make a fool out of myself. Do you send him fan mail?
You're welcome. Have a great day
Watching the #movie Tortilla Soup. Getting hungry, maybe I should have waited until after lunch. Ha ha
Always remember... You will live, You will love, You will dance again.
you ain't ready!!!
#you'reaidiot once again proving to ur followers that u r a half retarded racist. Thumbs up!
Happy Birthday! Are you gonna be at the rescheduled Gambino Detroit show on Aug 3?
and thats from the heart bro....
But its not over , so whats there to do tonight ?
Calling Miley Cyrus a pot head & Chris Brown a woman beater proves that people only jusge you by your bad decisions.
It feels like that time of year where people come and go out of your life. Sucks cause I didn't want you to leave =\
Gasol tall ass needs to fucking wake up or sit down!!!
If Gary Karton doesn't want booing, why not want players that are very good at baseball? Is suffering in silence morally superior?
"Don't allow your circumstances to shake your faith."
Who is excited for ustream later?!? :D
enjoyed B2C 37 ways to repurpose blog blast! Been teaching recycling content for years & this has new spins. Thanks!
u need a hobby
thanks for the RT!
Don't stress out on anything thats out of your control.
Youll be fine on ur own
Monday is the day I get most new followers in twitter. Even if I don't tweet much weekends because I'm B2B. Weekend tweeting is a lifestyle!
Today is Spring Cat Cleaning Day, a day to give your cat a bath. Be careful. - or you could just get you car cleaned.
#PearlBistro Tonight. #Echelon3000 Thursday! Ladies Free All night ! Bday Celebration for &
Just ordered some Ecuadoran (Organic/FT), Rwandan (FT), and a small amount of Mexican (Decaf). I'll let you know when it's ready!
baby, I was born this way.
#futurewewant Flying cars!
Barry bonds, ken Griffey jr and hank aaron
Okay, it is currently 61 degrees in my condo. Do I turn on the heat or suffer until the weather warms up later this week?
Staying in tonight... literally feels weird
When I decide to open my window, no cars wanna ride thru or no wind wants to blow. This is a sham! No one should be this hot!!
We haven't heard anything about a FL #thacamp for a while. Perhaps knows more.
Easter. probaly. if everyones having a get to gether.
That's a BAD MAN
yo we been out all night.... Endless mights in L A . I love it : )
hanging at my homieess house lol
Failure is temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success Only those who dare to fail greatly ever achieve greatly
Oh, I had my moments, and if I had to do it over again, I'd have more of them
: "Good. I'm just wondering what different sources people use to find work. Outside of Backstage."
Startup on their complex color matching app for beauty and home: "our app doesn't discriminate"
I didn't realize that, how interesting! Stay in school!
not yet
The day after #starwarsday,
Don't ever EVER let them get into cars
The law of gravity says no fair jumping up without coming back down. (Dear old Newton must be rotating in his grave).
Facebook's acquisition of Instagram gives them a Cost Per User of about $28. Do you know what your average CPU/CPC is?
heard about the film project. good luck, sounds interesting. drop by 4 east sometime when you are ready to edit.
that was a great interview.
We #recruit professionals for #jobs in #DC, #Boston, #NYC, #Chicago, the #Bay Area, #Los Angeles, #OC, #San Diego, #Dallas, and #Houston!
Snuggling with Megan watching shrek (:
i'll fix that later.
I hope you have blessed holiday observances this weekend. See you Easter Monday!
Groupies? Does creating some via "Weird Science" count?
yeah, but I'm bored with it already.
SWNI grant to support art classes for seniors see our "workshops" tab to sign-up
Here Comes The Sun is stuck in my head except I'm singing here comes the "sub." Nice! Is anyone else stuck on a song now?
what's your story about?(:
Francis Bacon~ The man who fears no truths has nothing to fear from lies.
I feel loved <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
#sincewebeinghonest UCONN is going to beat Butler!!! GO #UCONN !!!!!!!
Completely understandable!
: The night turned out to be pretty amazing.... <3 !
Tuesday lunch= How about our $4.99 special. Soup, salad w'Fuji dressing and chicken fried rice. Now are you thinking about lunch?
#freefridays #music #video #soundtracks by Earamas™ to soothe your savage beast…
i like royce though
And Then there were the bees .. hubby kept saying dont you hear something , I said no ... then holes appeared in our bedroom ceiling LOL
where are you?
what about Chicago
Tell your friends to follow !!! We love you guys!
the radios on your tuning me out, im trying to talk, your turning me down
hehe I was!! I promise(:
had such a bad time tonight:(
I brought sunscreen to happy hour last Friday for that same reason.
Submit to: !
any plans to make suggestions come up when typing in the search bar on get glue?
3rd tweet from jack for twog
Great, great advice...for anyone, really! RT Know When to Unplug.
Static stretching is best post workout to prevent muscle tears.
And I am about to makeout whis 's tongue. (;
So the Artist won big at the Oscars? That wasn't expected, except by everybody.
Burgers Doge Wings Juan Tabo and Lomas
funny. Very funny.
I hate waiting....
Once again, I'll ask you to leave my family out of this...
thanks for the shout out! We can't wait for Founder's Day!
Day 1 of not weighing myself is going good....2 hour down 22 more to go #babysteps , about to hit this workout!
I'm seeing on December 3!
Can't take my shine I do this shit everyday
follow back Ricardo. ?:)
Just back from a wonderful pier visit. There was a giant arrest downtown. Kind of Scary here in St. petersburg.
Great, thanks!
Niggaz Could Rhyme, But Ya Only Lack Originality…. Keep COPYin Niggaz Style See How Far It Gets Ya..
What happened when the witch went for a job as a TV presenter? The producer said she had the perfect face for radio.
i have to wake up in about four hours ... oh well
Damn!! is fucking annoying and a fucking bitch
Well...I'm 30 now. Guess that means it's time to be a grownup and get back to business! :) Look for updates on the website soon!
screaming females are fking KILLING it.
cant wait!
WHo has Oovoo?
Thanks for the RT today Laura!
Thanks for following us!
“: PREDICT Josh Hamilton's season homer total. #MLBFC” 45.
Happy Monday Tucson! What are you eating this morning?
i sent u a comment on ur website someone check it out please
Little wet here, north of Boston, too. C-r-a-z-y day, but also pretty productive. Now off for tuna melts w/my daughter. Yum! :)
End of the week I spend his whole paycheck, he show me bank rolls then my pussy get wet!
Yeah They seem to be making a comeback. The last few years I don't remember them stopping the game this often.
some cool , funny , crazy stuff coming out
Nobody w/ tose glasses or lips could possibly be a womanizer
Architect John Mock Lives! Couple restores his 1964 Mt. Helix mid-century classic in SD Home/Garden's Nov issue. Living history.
<racecar revving> <guitars blaring>
Our carpet footprint <<<
I'm ready(;
better be jk D: whats up?
shit internet a bitch
Pretty sure it was in MS Word based on the clipart.
Thanks for that follow friend
"Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will." Gandhi
seriously?! But I could have sworn she said the day after tomorrow!!
lololol Jackie and her mom and christina are still here . xD
RT : This is new beginning :)-yaaaay <U+263A>
we think along the same lines, you're right about him staying in WI. Same as Rubio in FL and Christie in Jersey
That feeling when you see your first crush <3
I'm expert at wounding spys, practicing on 'Does THIS hurt?'. Trial & error works best.
Don't let moments pass you up to fix things before those things become worse & worse to you.
LAST WITNESS!
I look forward to reading your review.
We start day 2 of the Norwegian Championship in about 30 minutes. Blinds will be 600/1200-200. My 63k stack wants to grow!
Someone remind me why I thought a 3-hour layover in Akron would be OK.
everything out of bachman's mouth is a joke.she needs to really watch her mouth with that commit.
What fun to drop the pots and pans on the floor when everybody else got to party all night and is hungover. Ha Ha Ha!! (I wish I had gone)
Thanks girl!! Glad you like it!
eehh I wanna go to tennesee ;P
A night of spiked cider and wine with & others. Silver snakes...eyyooo.
White people don't have pimps.
I used endomondo before my Garmin. I liked it
The janitor is an asshole at out school
Fun fact. I officially have not urinated in 24 hours.
Happy Father's Day, dads. Enjoy your day.
Basketball (x
Dont play catch with
Dam impact study kicks off upgrade
Pros & cons
Tosca - My First - 06:08 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Did someone get a UPS delivery? RT : Definitely found former Northwestern QB Zak Kustok at the Derby
It is what it is...
more monies for the ignorant!
please read the hunger Games:) its awesome and a fast read...the next two books are also awesome:)
Sitting at Home with Family *Sleepy Queens* Happy New Year everybody! I hope you left the shit that brings you pain in the Past! YaY!
I hate going to funerals. My mama always make me go.
WORST NEWS REPORTING EVER!! The Purdue Women WIN the Big Ten Conference and are buried at the end of the men's loss to IU?!
Money doesn't buy class.
Put away your pride come on I can see everything by looking into your eyes
Pick up a giirls at the dollar store, they can never say you haven't lived up to the high expectations they had of you when you met.
I tell people to use Dropbox or OnLive Desktop that way you can edit if necessary before sending it mobile.
Your Peyton article yesterday was bushleague. Mr. Bündchen is 0-3 in last 3 playoff games...WITH his full complient of players.
MSMQ: Humanists traditionally didn't worry about utilitarian modeling because we didn't build things. But now we have that capability
Saw The Freestyle Battle When You Tebowed <3 Made My Whole Day. Especially Because I'm A Bronco Fan <3
Get the heck outta here
Whoever wins the fight becomes right, and the blinded opinions of those men become justice
Anyone got any vids from the show?
testing again 2
true but of course not the way id like to be watching. thankful for the computer though
Please don't rub your eyes when suffering from eye allergies. Not only will this make the itching worse, it increases risk of eye...
nope but tried to get him to notice u xx
Whose ready for summer?? We got new tanks on the way!
Woke up a little while ago my arm still hurts from where I got my blood done. Didn't sleep that good but good enough. Now time to Tweet. :)
-Ok I got you homie!!
“: "I don't get hangovers" means you're doing it wrong.”
Good times shall be had! RT : We just sent in our merchant agreement. coming soon to
I love you like a love song baby , <U+2665>
Baby sister just got engaged!
here we go
you should have to you're man should have that covered right??
#bdayflow kickin it wit the bestie & going to enjoy some retail therapy :-) <3 Saturdays off
No I'm not, me and my friends just get real bored... .-. hahahaha
2nd most? getting behind someone applying mascara.
Getting Ready to Buy Tickets for Coachella @ 10am! Anyone Else Going This Year?
So glad to be awake early to watch the Roland Garros man final, and man is it a fight. Allez Roger!!!
TinyVox app... dreamy cassette format.
is your team all set for Chicago?
Table-Nine Bertuccis
I'm sorry to read the sad news.
Dj is so understanding
Of course Wish You Were Here by Pink Floyd comes on once we get in the car from the cemetery.
I really wish I had a hot tub.
cuz it pays bills lol :p
nice enjoy! Have some oysters for me
I agree. Let's focus on players playing well that week. On LPGA tv show more players to get viewers excited
yeah i def think i will...he has some really great techniques i never heard of or felt...im sure they are amazing
waiters not found in (windowless) farms?
Did u find it?
s/o to follow her!!
#sla2011 great session on Integrating w/ sales & marketing. 4 top notch speakers!
come on out then! It's free for goodness sakes!
those glasses are cool. Ya looking important & scholarly.
The art of government is the organization of idolatry.
Tweeting a useless tweet just so I can still have a higher #klout score than :)
Twitter is reacting with "Dear North Carolina" trending nationwide...right alongside #UseTittiesInAMovieTitle. Ah, Twitter.
agreed. Anyone seen a checklist for what elements to include that make a presentation worth virtual sharing? What is solid content?
How much would it cost for you to wait in my attic and force my roommate to pay the troll toll? Serious question.
bracket shows 17/21 so far...dang, I was on a roll too
I'm so excited to go to the "Haywire" premiere tonight. Such an amazing experience to have worked on that movie!
Sorry is the only Twitter account for all Milwaukee Public Televions channels. Thanks!
Not have a V makes me realize who my real people are... #Damn this place Fucked up!!!
Cocka-Doodle-Doo Buggs! Order Cupcakes 4your next meeting, special event or just because! Email orders to . 2 doz min.
please like my page :))
Swag doesn't involve being an asshole to girls. [S]he [W]ants [A] [G]entlemen
Coffee..blues...smoke..Studio sesh
The flip side is that the OldOnes, aka over 60+, are not leaving their jobs so it becomes a catch-22.
Not happy that im sitting in traffic right now. :(
HAPPY TO BE ABLE TO SHARE WITH YALL
I know I saw you guys tweeting about her so I looked through his mentions omg prime example of a dumb TRS fan.
I need to go to sleep lol<U+270C>
Im trying to deal but I really dont want to
that's a relief to hear. I didn't think such junk could be coming from a Risley computer. My favorite site davidrisley.com
You know your gf is out of the country when your phone is at 57% at the end of the work day
Frozen grapes are delicious!
Do u like NYC?
Dammit Chelsea. Stop being such a failure.
Time to break bread w friends and strangers alike in memory of heidi
My bun looks so perfect today :)
I just ousted as the mayor of Fremont Coffee Company on !
OH. Look mom and dad friend requested me. * DENIES*
nothing wrong with that
not from me from you
I feel like I should DVR his postgame. So I can bust it out six months from now and get really depressed.
In an effort to fund a new Samsung Galaxy 10.1 Tablet PC, I need more work. Anyone need a website developed or semi-pro pictures taken. :)
Yuengling and metal.
what'd you get? I thought Redbones to be much like Famous Daves. Really enjoyed SmokeShack, not perfect but very good.
Finishing up my first vlog. I hope you all like it. New song also debuting via mailing list tonight. Drop me your email to join the fun!
Frozen yogurt is now an Irish song
Can anyone please tell me what's going on, every time I press "settings" it pulls me up to a blank page. Reply if you can help please.
Not your laptop :O This guy behind me had a Dell and it sounded like a windstorm!
I will submit an outstanding paper and get full credit! Then, off to #sweetwaterfestival in
check out for Sweeps Week! RT : CBS Supercharges Sweeps Week With Social Media - t.co/Myueou5i
best month: 8pril
Hows everyone's Thursday going? Ours is going great here at Fastino's. Come in today and enjoy something from our wonderful menu.
Anyone else having trouble tearing themselves away from TLC's Cake Boss Marathon? I really need to go for a walk...
REALLY GOOD live music, tune into www.theroomlive.com, 8pm West Coast time! Watch Live + ALL new Single Chef show on MONDAY 6pm ROCK OUT!
I did (only a little crazy).. lives here in Boston
or laid haha
Yea when
Getting ready to watch on my ellen<3
love it girl! xx
Syracuse Basketball Icon Jim Boeheim Joins Cellceutix to Fight Cancer - MarketWatch (press release)
God Bless America, land that I love.
Standing at the base of the Statue of Liberty
Interesting-never saw a tweet from WH. Little unnerv'g for a sec! Just a retweet. Once received a call on a Fri noon!
Order sent to Zoe in OH!
same with my school! Everyone is so disrespectful !!
One day somebody is going to piss me the fuck off and I'm just gonna snap, I feel sorry for that person when that day comes <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>
“: 5 days left until my birthday, I'm getting old! FUCKKK! D:” you'll be 17 :P
oh I got this shit
sube las fotos de los muppets!
Getting ready for my segment on Dave and Carole, which should be interesting, because I don't yet know what we'll be talking about. Tune in!
WAKE UP NIGGA!
ok draw it out and give it to me on wednesday.
Face Time c;
Who here likes the old Mo-Town music? We love it! Classics!
Tweet us if you wanna meet up here
The Public Relations Team is #fabulous! You ladies rock...
Excited to finish up the forever waiting video shoot today!
Skip is going to eat Lebron up tomorrow on FirstTake...
feeling some type way #smh !!!
I am clearly delusional at this hour...don't pay me any mind. *eyes glazed over*
Instead of ADDIE, Michael Allen recommends SAM: Successive Approximation Model
RT : Use user generated content - feature popular items in your campaigns -
hello to you have a great Frday
The poet Joyce LeeAnn Joseph is unveiling her book tonight at #TheBoweryPoetryClub at 6pm! For more info, go to www.instereopress.com
Happy Friday dingleberries!
RT": Just renewed my subscription to "Jorts Illustrated.""
Have a wonderful weekend!
What a deal can always appreciate good food and a great steal.
. held up by as the model for institutionalizing new forms. Here here.
What to put in my Mixed Greens salad always stresses me out, and I always prepare it mentally beforehand too.
": Any guy who thinks he's playing a real woman is actually playing himself. A real woman is a great gain, so that's his loss."
Happy 4th of July to all of our American tweeps and peeps! Enjoy all of those BBQ's and fireworks!
thanks for the follow and support Jenny can't wait to meet you check out
I'm sick of this game, got my heart jumping
Was interested in the Starbucks trip to Seattle till they said it includes learning how to make lattes. They gonna pay me min. wage too?
Here's to the mahomies that will support Austin through whatever!
I don't use protection on my tweeter either... O_o
If you're looking for some great design ideas, make sure you follow ! She has some great tips and ideas!
If u weren't feelin her anyway that's a win-win
RT GOP base still backs Cain after he assures them that while he was harassing women he was never for one moment Mitt Romney
There are a couple of metal doors to former safe like areas but I wouldn't call them fancy. Did you mean gates?
Okay. Calling it a day. Thanks for the sprints! I really needed the kick in the pants! Again tomorrow?
You're right. I should. :)
Congrats to the people of New York!
"We didn’t have any parts where everybody played well at the same time....We had little chunks at a time" - HC Al Caravelli
“ #NovemberScope2011 Gemini Romance: Make your decision about what it is you want and then stick to it...”
It's all fun & games until the cops get involved... got pulled over with a ticket because the Fl # wasn't on the ski.
Hey, SPHers, congratulations on wrapping up the school year. On to summer!
best of luck to you Laura Jane. Way to live your life the way you wish to. I support you!!!
Personally hated it. Guessing it's the taboo nature-- but I am perplexed as well as to why it's appealing to women.
Yesterday was National Wine Day. How did you celebrate?
Save Energy! Conserve energy by checking the temperature setting on your water heater. It should not be above 120°F
...I just said that
Craving a big fat steak and a block of cheese...odd?
u mahomies need to wake up to reality tht all
No Name Brand Tanpons ! Wear They Do That At ! Haha
Another missed pick! #Oscars. Damn!
whats next week
Watching and OLD #Roseanne! Darlene and Becky are so young :)
ain't no way around it
Your pic is beyond beautiful!! It is practically angelic.....btw...glad ya' got my eyes. BOOM!
Yes, i'll take NC State +10 for a night of beers
absolutely! Where are you staying at?!
Yes! Great song. Perfect choice. I feel like I remember hearing that MtFlm used #ArcadeFire in a previous year. Yes?
Welcome Brendan!
Lol were at RT : party this weekend?
Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you. Maori Proverb
Cleaning is good. Found the notebook with the garage door code written in it, lost for the last six months.
loved the weather today but hate my allergies :(
"You are not what you own!" Fugazi's prescient take on fair use.
1960: Roger Maris hits two homers in his Yankee debut, an 8-4 victory over Boston at Fenway Park.
do you have a day/time in mind where & can stop by?
I cannot comment about your parents because I do not know them or the context of these Obama comments.
Potatoes have skin. I have skin. Therefore, I am a potato.
Cover Show April 1st at Unit Six. We will be doing an entire set of songs by Brand New. Let us know what songs you want to hear!
I want to meet Nick Jonas :3
Finally in the Midwest!!
my wife and I are doing the same thing. We need a new vacuume badly.
Today I saw a woman attempting to push a huge piano up some stairs - no Three Stooges, just one fucking idiot.
Bring on Yuan Williams for SC primary debate...anything to do with race? Just saying the obvious
so sick. i just want someone to care.
the good doctor is very committed to educating the public - especially committed residents attending the Academy!
how are you using the Hangouts?
If you really didn't care then you wouldn't respond. Hence disproving your point. "That's stupid" now that's a response.
It is not whether your report is factually correct, but whether you see what God intends. Ten spies not technically wrong about grasshoppers
August 3-11 some of the best comedy in Milwaukee & beyond will take to the stage! 255 S. Water Street. Don't miss it!
YES": Kirko bangs fine ass"
CC cost me
James Murphy: thinking of a single magazine as an intranet embedded within larger network.
I was on 4G in St Louis all weekend and it worked pretty well downtown. And my battery didn't die fast when I left it on.
I think it's great that you are running the race for life (: you are such a sweetheart (: hope all is well ^-^
I think you mean Vandy embarrassed Marquette at Marquette....
Major back spasm during p90x plyo today. Only made it half way through. Smh
is always discreet and reliable. I've never had a better ticket experience. They're fantastic!
Closing arguments set today in freeway shooter trial of Stephen Dragasits.
thanks jojoe, ill kick the weight, then kick butt
aw thank you!
I can literally quote most of Bring It On.
De'Andre Is Good :) He's 1, Turning 2 In October :D And Yeah You Do, I Started Sendin Him To DayCare Now :)
That book is actually In the Garden of Beasts (not beast) by Erik Larson.
Oh I'm so gonna feel this in the morning...wait it is morning and I am feeling it. Ahahaha
Can't say I love the mello-dramatic, lyric based, ultra embarrassing tweets from Jim Irsay.
Granger a bum.
The world would be such a better place if people knew how to drive.
How is this different from ?
Philly Sports: Does NHL Need Rangers to Win Game 7?: A Fan’s Perspective (Yahoo! Contributor Network)
What is going on? Went to a new store in IL and they were disorganized and unfriendly. Very disappointed.
Retweet annoys the crap outta you!
RIP Leslie Nielson
&#39;I Can Smell The Fires From Here&#39;: Broadcasts From The L.A. Riots (EXCLUSIVE AUDIO)
#ThoughtsDuringSchool should i go to my next class?
Thanks for swinging by for a taste of one of our favorites!
power out for an hour, nearly choked to death, purse stolen.
call me: 5136003654
Mascherano! How good is he.
It's starting to feel more like spring in Indy!!!!
where at
MARC train better be on time.
Enter to win advance screening tix to #LOCKOUT & qualify to win 2 passes indoor skydiving! Txt SKYDIVE & ur ZIP CODE to 43549!
If I care about you , when you need me.. ill be there for you , all the time, everytime , anytime.
tryna cut deals out here - getting destroyed. NYC's cool tho, u gotta get me tix next year for your MSG game. how's the stroke?
Someone just puked at The Institute show. Woo!
email and you blocked me. End of story.
Very nice win for the Tribe...Taking Vinny and Haggs off the hook for giving it up.
nothing much just working away
Cush on my breat. Cocane on my tongue. Eat her pussy, make it numb. She can't feel herself cum. Pop a molly, smoke a blunt. ...Damn weezy...
Shoutout to my mum: MUM, I've eaten 6 servings of fruits + veggies today. SIX! COUNT EM! Do I get a reward, like bacon or choco?
Thanks for the
Happy monday everyone!
i dont know.
wtf does this mean??? Lol I think I figured it out after about 2 years
Yes RT : "sandwiches 4 eva" your next tattoo
I thought that was a requirement.
Do you ever find yourself 'out of your depth' with some of the subject matter?
I see you lurkin with your lurkin ass
WITCHES WITH RATTLES as in three witches dj in between red rattles songs at black market moto saloon on 3/17 otherwise known as st.patrick's
Confusing monogamy with morality has done more to destroy the conscience of the human race than any other error.
"When I was dead broke... I couldn't picture this..."
Oh man, shop to the nats would be glorious!
Is Axelrod's appearance on Meet the Press this morning sponsored by Target?
Changing the way we think changes our life. If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.
#BKFerry . Tonight. . I'm excited.
…we have had intermittent actions in Yemen since the USS Cole bombing, and Central America is not a country.
you are amazing & you MAKE 1D & any so called "directioners" say other well there rong & have no rite to be call directioners
And it's only the first half #WVU!!
I love my new car! Thank you , for a stress-free car-buying experience.
I hope you have a good day babe
DeCosta: still a lot of goo player out there. The hunt goes on.
My Teacher told me that I was a piece of shit, seen her the other day...drivin a piece of shit!!!!
congrats dev!
Haha : ) My friend named her baby kyle : P Is ur nickname River ?
What can i say, I gotta crush on you! <3
its matt's birthday on the east coast!!!
Fuck what you heard; recognize what you see.
the fact that wednesday will be one year, <3
Thanks for all the RTs, and tweets on this busy Friday... you're the best! Every one of you...
I love to c u smile
It's times like right now I'm glad I'm nowhere near a TV. The #NFLDraft is terribly boring TV.
Let me know who still needs a follow back if I haven't already followed you back! <3
Goodnight I Love You Till Ma Heart Stops.
UK leaders at half: Davis, Teague, Lamb 8 points; Davis 7 rebounds; Teague 4 assists.
Off to do Character Building Shows!
Happy Easter!
Over 100 varieties of tequiila !!! So, how do you like your margarita?
Y not allow gays the same benefits, we as americans don't cherish the privilege that much anyway...
There aren't any secrets to accomplishment. It's the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
I can't wait to hear it
Hey, Ted!
Rice University is trying to sell KTRU, but community members are still fighting the illegal sale.
Wish me luck!
you're fortunate to live close to the land. It's like L.A. around here.
So it seems I'm getting a Bolland jersey instead of a Belfour one… I'm still good with that
Talking to the person that meant the world to you and getting the feeling they forgot it even happened <<
The New Orleans East don't have a hospital #blankstare 0_0
That's a beautiful bullish engulfing candle on $SOHU. Textbook.
Happy 21st Birthday, Andy! Love you. :)
In the neighborhood? Don't forget to check-in on facebook with us at 631 Folsom! We've got 38 check-ins...
I need to get out of the water from time to time and just...breathe fully. Fill my lungs with life and possibility.
Now that is following me my life is complete
Levi Johnston, 21, is about to be a father again: TMZ reports that he and his current girlfriend Sunny Oglesby, 20, are expecting.
This weekend going to san fransico
he's in the finals!!!!!
“: Right back atcba! Xoxo Please tell everyone you know it's time to #HireMarkEdwards.” Hire Mark Edwards!He rocks!
Tramp stamp is hanging out today.. #croppedtee <3
note taken!
- my first thought was "holy cow, look at those paws!" What a sweet looking pup. How old is he?
that's the way to go lol
next time!
is honored to represent the company at the Red Carpet gifting suite for the Academy Awards!
As long as you're across the street, we hope we're BOTH here forever!
Twitter builds people self confidence , that's nice and all but if you ugly.....you ugly <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Keep the world safe
Did they just draw a line through it? :-0
Wondering if Siestas could get a copy of the commission you read? Moved 2 tears w/my new friend as we spoke it over 1 another X
A brand for an organization is like a reputation for any person. You earn name by trying to do hard things well.
As a daughter, wife, sister, granddaughter, and niece of a Mason, I can hold my own.
The next, the people fear; and the next, the people hate
This lady gave me $3 in bills and added 5 more bucks on the receipt! :D
Engaging Our Most Challenging Students session helped me generate a long to do list for this summer.
You're welcome! Keep an eye out for some exciting updates to our career tools coming soon.
Cavs just rolled thru the office, only autograph I wanted was somehow he slipped passed me.. Andy did rip ass on the elevator tho
"mental weight loss"?? It's called exercise
Make sure you download this week's #honorsystem song, "won't say goodbye" at www.honorsocietymusic.com
Former colleague, , is talking abt #interedition annotation server--based on OAC-=that really shows the emerging standards potential
Joseph Morgan: But there is always going to be this connection between Elena and Stefan. So maybe eventually, that will win. #Stelena <U+2661>
My printer is driving me crazy because I'm doing the same thing and it's giving me different results. Isn't that the definition of insanity?
": Saying "I'm fine" when you're not, "it's nothing" when it's everything, "I'm done" when you know you still wanna try."
Its gonna be MURDAH to concentrate on Final Projects when its 85 degrees out today = #pooltimeandbeerminute?
After sending this to my friend I get it. A bunch of my exs have begun talking to me and it bothers them I'm in a long term relationship
Hopefully not!
haha well you should have come out!
Excellent. We're throwing a little party Friday night if you get into town early. Otherwise, make sure to say hi on Saturday.
I know it will be exciting hockey, heck I'm hyped for Coyotes/Kings
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils ... - Louis Hector Berlioz
Happy mothers day ma! I love you with all my heart!
Just realized - I now have a purple mouse that matches my purple computer.
RT : . Most definitely! ... what supports the meadow .... And there isn't a better voice to be sharing it :)
Happy early birthday. If you guys keep creating like this, you will attract a a huge following. No doubt.
BBQ sauce and onion rings...sounds like the Rodeo burger they used to have at Burger King ;)
Torn between the gritty raw Juliet Simms and the powerful Chris Mann! Love them both on #TheVoice! Now onto
are u at home or out?
Sometimes I think I'm not doing enough with my life. Then I remember some people ONLY smoke crack. Then I am comforted.
Hey! This is from True Colors. How are you all doing today?
<sending Aaron gallons of paint-remover> Wishing you the very best of luck with that look, darling!!
Thanks for the RT!
np 'Marvin's Room' by Drake
Hi Chrisina Hi - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
CAN YOU GIVE ME A SHOUT OUT TO PROVE TO MY FRIEND WE FUCKED LAST NIGHT???
Quick overnight trip to San Fran tomorrow glad to be flying though
Thanks Santana! So great to talk with you.
Drinking mate in Buenos Aires
Heat lightning is the bomb
So much potential, I bet I can empress you.
Mostly people leave eating meat and start eating vegetable or reduce the amount of food to greater level
Do it. Balki commands it.
Just another jump shooting team. If they were in a position today like how The Pacers were in the first half shooting the
Remember that you are first and foremost an artist, and only then you are an Entrepreneur!
well I mean I use an alarm clock, but I guess a coffee pot works too?
this one I'll wholeheartedly agree with!
Inspired too & realized that I been doing Bootstrap UX already! I'll be talking about it Fri morning at 8
Ha! The Leftovers by Tom Perrota
Just saw and tweet at you. Cool org! Know about ? Would love to have u attend
It was beer marinated bacon cooked on the grill in the can :) I cannot take credit for this idea.
Adam Jones with Adam Bomb!!!
I will be there from Sunday till mid may
Did you finally make it on to D3? :p add me! H4ck3rGyrl
Man @ amtrak station: "Excuse me miss, I just got discharged from a psychiatric ward this morning, Do u know where the Walgreens is?"
Ready? Best Beatles album. Go.
But together is fine, lol. Are you talking about Arron? ;-)
I am 99% positive that Cee Lo is a Tamagotchi.
Forgot how much I miss basketball
GREENS, so pumped for the game today you going? Terps best be ready
You can't dare the impossible.
That's was up. Good stuff
aaawwwww it's gone be ok link! *hugs from afar* <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
they see me Rollin they hatin
Ha! So true. Poor cabbie.
Do you know of a merchant who would want to run a #local #dailydeal with ? Introduce me and if they run with us you get $50!
At least he is famous for having
RT : A7 Leading is influence even if its just one other person.
Board meeting at our partner this morning.
Any chance u could help?
i followed!
Still grading!
RT : Don't be sad when u r far apart from someone u love, remind yourself how lucky u r to have someone so special to miss.
I don't want Tuesday to roll around...at all...can we just skip it?
you are not answering your DMs!! Why dont you wanna tell why it was the best day ever?? And u said you'll post a pic about it
great to meet you as well. Glad to have you here in Austin as the first leg of your nationwide adventure. Enjoy the journey.
I know, it was somewhere I always looked forward to going when home on breaks. Sad.
Happy birthday to ! <3 u have inspired me and many Mahomies! Have a great day and hope all ur wishes come true! <3 xoxo
Girl...u killed it...Sang it girl!!!!
Rack <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0086> bitch, rack rack <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0086> bitch.”
"so...do you know what swag is? [pause] I think it's bad news" -Dad
Me too, me too! Excited to see what's in store!
I mean LA
Good luck at the Toronto Marathon
CNN projects that Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett wins the Wisconsin Democratic primary for governor to face current Gov. Scott Walker.
Jim Morrison was the most beautiful man to ever walk the planet. Love watching The Doors: Dance On Fire. Amazing.
- Thanks LeeAnne, you class us up with your great work! :)
I used to like Dirk. This game is making me hate him.
Making ya boy breakfast....so nice!
Thank you! Sundays & Mondays are $10 sangria pitchers. Spread the word and see you soon :)
:D that's funny
Q4 build upon knowledge as course progresses, don't give instructions for previously learned concepts
I'm not interested in putting Vons out of business. Union supporters should still shop there. I'm looking to save at Walmart.
i crack myself up
#FF Shes a talented up and coming singer!
Thanks...I've had a good run so far with baseball and the NBA...going to let it ride tonight, I'm either up $4k or even!
really? check the history behind Reagan and Clinton
& tearing the stage at 's event
People constantly use me for my notebook paper. Do I look like Office Max?
RT : "[Universities] need 2 figure out how 2 produce master learners: people capable of learning anything"-Michael Crow <-I like that.
Win Chicken McNuggets from McDonald's! Just tell us your weekend plans. Email with your answer.
I am encoraging families to come together and Pray april 2nd @ iwillmovement.blogspot.com
#RewardMilk hangover ... only cure? That's right,
yes! I'm dying!
its all good....its on now....
If they are door masters why tha fuck would u lock them behind a door REALLI MUTHAFUCKA
WTF! You've already seen them I WANNA SEE
Looking at the schedule for the Board of Elections, it looks like it refers back to the page I sent you re. social media.
#Swagger isn't something u do... Its something u are!
Cool. I don't really do much Broadway, but Bernstein is tight.
About to lay down the 2nd Below The Influence, pre-mix checklist: #redbull <U+2714>, #menthols <U+2714>, #booze & #dubplates <U+2714>... Here we go!
So, if you want two rad, readable pages on Beethoven's advancing of sonata form, check out Solomon, 254-5! - DvL
i'll say this once again you people you are my friends the devil he can't come in tonight that's right
Bynum & McGee - too much YOLO on one basketball court.
It seems like everything I do I just can't please anyone.
You're not too whatever to fast! Your fasting may be the cure to your diabetes.
Started day with 12k at 2/400/50a. Chipped up to 30k in about 45 minutes w/o showing down a hand lol. I am now busted though,hands to follow
Good Morning !! Long and busy day today... Have a great Thursday everyone <3
damn devils
Requet sent -- thank you :)
White makes start, finishes fast
Job posts are shots in the dark. Job posts on Twitter seem like shots in the dark while riding a train.
needs to make more songs like "state of the union"
Might be too much work, but could dark archive some digital copies of papers in expectation that opp. will die down.
Look us up while you're visiting Indianapolis this month. Grt food, drinks, music and fun. Close to your hotel too.
Hijacked again! Sorry everyone. Please ignore that weight-loss spam from me.
thanks for sharing with your followers! greatly appreciates it!
Thank you!
New Years app is currently 75 in top free reference apps and has over 2 million fireworks shot off!!! 2012 New Years Countdown!!
just started following you based on the interview you did with Serial Optimist. You rock!
I'll have to check it out
RT Thanks to everyone for a wonderful day! Hope you all enjoyed your night out in #mke. See you all tomorrow!
My Recruiter Said "Just Hope You Don't Have A Stupid Bunker".. I Feel Bad For My Bunker Then lmao -__-
It is feasible for there to be a dance with life, a creative response to its intrinsic restrictions and problems.
Happy Saturday! Welcome to all my NEW followers <U+2665>
I've had so many of these
The season starts 2nite! Kick it off w/us! 7 HD TV's! GameTime Specials: #Beer Towers $30, $1 off Apps, $4pints w/$2 refills!
Seriously it's grind time. Make sure you enjoy each and every moment of that grind though. It's not all about the final whoo ha successstory
Can't beliebe how much i think of you and know you..but you don't even know i exist... (:
education and family are the two pillars our organization was built on...glad we share similar interests.
RT Coming to America never gets old.... NEVER GETS OLD!!
my mom took my phone and laptop again tonight because she realized I took them back.. i take it again when she goes to bed
The sad moment when I walked by josh Hamilton from the texas longhorns when I was in Minnesota and I didn't even realize it
Actually, i love skittles. So id love too (:
I can't really complain at least I'm playing good and consistently cashing. Up a few grand in the last few weeks from it
Tomorow is 420 and i bet none of you are still gonna do
I hate it when a guy calls me "dude". I'm not a dude, I'm a girl.
"India conquered and dominated China culturally for 20 centuries without ever having to send a single soldier across her border."
Bored out of my mind!!
#AustinTo700K !! Come On #MAHOMIES We Can Do This! #AustinTo700K <<<Trend!!(:
best of luck, Alec!!
I always feel so sick in the mornings.
throwing on some makeup then going to work..
Why do everybody want to play mind games? smh
Who's ready for summer? ;D
I love all of his pictures. haha.
YEAH TOUCHDOWN :D !
if you want punkrock listen to Jolly Badfellow!(they have fb&myspace, no twitter) or listen to just because :)
waiting to hear from you re: sloppy, crooked installation of dishwasher yesterday.
Yay! RT : Hooray! just got out of her lumpectomy & is ok. Send lots of love right now, Twitterverse!!!
I need heartburn meds when HRod pitches! DAMN!! How do we all not have major ulcers thks to him?!!
It doesn't look like it when you watch match vids though, you have to play it to understand better.
Falling asleep in 1 of ur most boring classes
"RT: I'm from the apple so that makes me a mac!!>>>>Bo!!!!! Lol
That's them. As long as Florida State Unviersity remains accredited, I have no problems. All this money Im paying.....
Happy 20th Birthday to the World Wide Web!
suggest that the political statements made about the Awlaki killing be held until the facts are released!!! Not a chance!!!
One of the few times the WaPo 4th floor (Style, Arts, Sports) is bustling like the 5th floor (National, Metro, Politics, Foreign).
feels squeaky clean Refresh citrus bodywash/shampoos are lovely
I'm here for a conference, and I'm pretty involved - wouldn't have had much time to visit :( Miss you guys!!
me neither. According to nfl app, he has fifth round value. So...makes sense!
thank you for keeping us informed!
Developing Designs for Chalk board vinyl - stick it any where and "poof" you've got a chalkboard - very cool!
omg i got backom twitter lost my fone im back guys lol how r u guys
“ You have crossed the line to the point on no return, what you do from here on out i am no longer concerned”
not at all, girl! I got this!
that sounds awesome! stay tough humps!
The closing ceremony for the breast cancer 3day in Atlanta was incredible, if you can volunteer please do so. I do every year...
What the hell is going on? Honestly?
they're just in time for the spring weather! Glad you like them. We appreciate your feedback.
right on brother!
“: God does the supernatural, we do the natural - Willie George #c3conf”
Damn its raining dime pieces @ my audition #ILoveDaisyDukes - XavierLT.com
Scalped a loge ticket for cheap, then talked my way into the pit for titus andronicus at the wiltern.
#Molanlabe from Baltimore... Bring it tomorrow
Good evening, gentlemen! Thank you for the follow. I hope you have a productive weekend.
Calling Boosie a modern day Tupac is like calling Lebron James the modern day Jordan.
Never cry over spilled milk just pour another glass
What are these Repubs trying to pull tonight? I'm not an ignorant American. Half the time they mumble & don't answer the questions anyway!
LAME! That show sucks RT Oh sorry! No 1 told me new girl won't be on tonight due to American idol. But next week we are back
who's concerrt?!?!
Snowshoeing at Beaver Creek today! Yayy!
sounds horrible.
Fabulous article that tells the story of the only "prescribed" wine making methodology in this country!
I did, I did!!! Thank you so much!!!! We will definitely have to celebrate!!! I might try to come to the center next week! :D
is finally learning about the twitter. I hear it is all the rage with the kids.
Very cool watching work! Cc
thank u..
Incredibly proud of you, and so excited to see you at #NAMM. You rock \m/
Wearing my Bobby Weir shorts to my last meeting.
I miss warcraft!!): it'll be back in two days for me though):
Gym time a lot of cardio 2day backed up with a chest workout. Some ppl rest on Sunday I opt out forget rest I'll rest when I die letgo
Pastor Kevin Wehr bringing God's word this morning
The toy can grow with the child through more than one developmental stage.
Visited you guys in Santa Monica yesterday! Loved it!
Whoa. Final Dress tonight. How did that happen?
don't feel like waking up this morning (-_-)
Lookin at The great on Mtv Jams love the real forever #daddyfatsacks:-)
Finally touching back down at tha crib.
thanks for the follow ; )
You definitely should. Great networking opportunities & tons of model business leaders sharing insights and strategies.
Looking to heat up your meal? You're going to need to try some Wasabi. It's packed with antioxidants and some great flavor.
what's good Miss...
Bobsled & toot
- I spent several hours yesterday figuring out how to use OpenOffice. I am rooting for it to wean me off Excel.
I miss you to. We need to hangout!
It's tough to feel pity for you when you are on your way to Hawaii. :)
Anyone notice Greg Jennings holding his arm tight to his body after the missed TD catch? He must have hurt his ribs sometime before that.
Successful people know that the past can't be changed, and the future is the present.
New NYPL branch in Battery Park City - first green LEED certified branch in Manhattan. I will finally visit the Irish Hunger memorial, then!
#saturdaynight spent with my pigs #ilovethem :)
I be damed .
New hat samples submitted.. stoked!
": You can make a difference by yourself. But if you gather the right people--you can change the world!"
: I am going to attemp to duplicate Ronnie's efforts this weekend.
We're basically like evite, except when your friends open the invitation, it's to a web-based fitness challenge . . . not a party.
Shaving your arms is risky business
wish you were here open to close at
:) RT : Had a GREAT meal there tonight! Awesome that you offered the Anniversary Week specials this week. Be back soon
Don/Gene Kelly "Are you doing anything tonight Ms. Lamont?" (Lamont shakes head) "That's funny, I'm busy." heehee treated
wasn't even gone speak on it but yea that nigga bolt looks like some off xmen first generation or the avengers or sum shyt
why do I always jinx myself :-(
Bourbon = Cookies = Awesome.
The ignorant are too dull to know that,they are ignorant..The rest of Know when we are ignorant don't we?.Happy Happy
I'm seriously disappointed. I will find some food/drink to steal.
#wmusocmed a node is a connection or a hub.
HEIHE : I do too but I'm still alive! (: RT : I PUNCH COMPUTERS! : Haha, believe!
Enough showers, more flowers. RT It's May?
why is this year going by so fast
I'm giving up. Waiting for something that obviously won't happen ever again.
YAY!!! Congrats so exciting!! I have to have back surgery then my husband and I are going to start trying for our first :-)
Another playoff Overtime game for the #Devils... Stop doing this!
It is great to see your face. Miss you. Are you somewhere fabulous, exotic and sunny? It is raining here today.
Just got the word: rentals for the museum are up 3 times this August over a year ago!
Accra is awesome, but poolside naps sometimes must trump cultural immersion.
I'd be down. I don't know anyone.
Pathetic Nanny State... and who actually pays fine? Us, that's who!
our first #CSA box of the season arrives today. can't wait!
they're getting new beds this year and a chew toy or two!
So sore. Conditioning kicked my ass yesterday.
Can't think of another, but lots with in-house quacks
Rascal is wagging her tail in her sleep. At least she's having a good dream!
Wait until their teenagers, it changes to. "Do I have to go to Seminary this morning?" ;)
RT : "Marijuana In my System You Can See It In My Eyes I Got A Pocket Full Of 100's Man I Feel Like Plies"
Hi Ekaterina thanks for the follow.
Tonight was the most surreal musical experience of my life. Still cannot believe what I got to do! I think I'll keep this one to myself.
Urban Fondue portland, gave us worst seat in the house.
and 94 west is bear.
This Real Vice show on Scott Rakow is terrible.
Ryan is the only one right now that keeps me sane enough. My muse. 2more months to see him yay
Yes!!! I hope you stand up and support Ron Paul, we need him in office, asap!!!
“: Luck sound a lil slow when he talk or maybe im trippin”<~~u ain't tripping lol
Right?! RT : Haters call the Jonas Brothers gay when the Jonas Brothers have had more girlfriends than the haters ever will LOL.
YARCE! Keep me posted on where you is
2 boys asked him if he wanted to smoke grass. He replied there are 22 varieties of grass, warm and cold climate. Warm climate is not good
Say it like it is! "Every single band in the world has these gigantic songs that people are obsessed with." - Bach
yeah I realize I forgot about it
Hi Jonny it's me Devon farrington
Or it's great score. Danny Elfman WHAT? Also, I like its final lines. Creepy.
no way
47, I believe.
I'n crying and speechless. I wanted this for my Mom. I'm going to call her now. I love everyone.
RT : RT : If I could figure out a way to slap people via the internet, I'd be rich.
is it jan 14 yet? My flight leaves at 5:20 am.
excuse me, but I was more than a lil offended by your absence from karaoke saloon cosmos tonight.
Thank you all for the follow! Have a happy day!
got any examples of what you're looking for. I may know someone. :)
Hi Kristin!! Thanks so much! That is super kind of you. :)
So good to chat today! Look forward to meeting up soon.
I did until I saw devour a while basket of them today RT : Anyone else wondering what a Frickle is?
I've had my Dell laptop for 4 years. Not one problem, ever!
Great #SocialMedia quote: "When the marketers move in, the members move out"
thanks dude!
Driving through the lackawanna projects with and trying to ball
FOH I DO NOT!
are you training for an upcoming race or marathon?
"and lo, I am with you always, even to the end of the age.” Goodnight
as the scars fade i must try not to create more
SKIRRRRRRRRRRRRR <U+270B> bitch please say it to my face
Commission public input hearing starts in San Jose.
Which conf, Heather?
what? You got me an early Christmas present? Lol
Studying at the Reflection Pond. Two exams tomorrow.
don't go to volleyball then. Easy solution!!
talked to Patek about that 2 years ago. That is tragic and stupid. Those guys have royals pride and played right
good evening :)
RT Diet & Exercise
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE LOVELY :D have a great day today doll! Best wishes xoxo <3
#COPS is bootsy
: Whoops...all that will be on my other account...I'll reiterate there.
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, Don’t use foul or abusive language. Let everything you say be good and helpful, so that your...
yes. God, yes.
RT : Happy St. Bike Sale Day! Doors open at 8 for the bike sale & Public Store. Live auction starts at 10! Also: GO SOUNDERS!
So many tourists
when you're stuck in traffic! lol But you're right..I do live by the water, so its great to walk, reflect & recharge ;)
everyone go follow our local rock station in New Orleans
The Hulk can't life Thor's hammer. So if the Hulk fell down and Thor dropped the hammer on him he wouldn't be able to get up.
I am a giant 2 year old
forget bl3nd...i just bought a freddy kruger mask. My new name is now DJ M3RG3
oh to do the things my heart desires. It will take time it will take time, and maybe a fire lit up my ass.
That sucks... 0_0
Uh oh what's happening..
Good morning, all
#America's Got Talent.....Go granny G :)
Thing I have learned today: A Ditto machine is also called a spirit duplicator
You know what... This IS Class Warfare... and it is about time we fight back!
#2ThingsIAppreciate love and my life
Steven Alexander covers the Timbers for the Trib 8:05 NW Sports Tonight. #timbers plus Portlandia chant
NO WAY. We are awesome.
I LOVE YOU! TE AMO! JE'TAIME (if thats how u spell it lol) anyways I LOVE YOU
RT : AMBER ALERT for Santorum is canceled.
thank you so much! Sorry for the delay, I'm playing catch up right now
done. pigeon on its way to yell at you about the cans tied to its legs. (might take a while)
Just signed up for Florence tickets!!!!
RT: "Among all medicines, there are none with the #healing powers of #love." Masaru Emoto
I love being recognized as "one of the librarians" & being asked reference questions on the street by folks I don't recognize (No sarcasm!)
Happy Tuesday :)
I meant to say FREE beer! ;-) Seriously though, it was a good segment. I may pick that book up!
Calling Zardari the face of Bhuttoism is like declaring Ghaffar Khan the idealogical successor of QuaideAzam;)
"Well does it too", the entire office stops dead....Deja: "YEA, Alonzo does it! Perfect reason why NOT to do it!
Yeah, it was new but the previous year's model. My current one is a 2012.
Everyone! I have Step Show fix. Call if you need some. Tonight You can find me in Akers from 6 p.m.- 7 p.m.
May the odds be ever in your favor.
GUYS, where is there a good barber shop?!
a geologist drinking from a water fountain? Thought you would know better!
#44555 elementary middle or high school??
Last night, a mom thought I was 34. I'm 23. Still old I guess, but geez lol.
followed, follow back?
It's Free Soap Day at my laundromat.
It will cost $751,527,715 to run this City next year. That is about $2,000,000 a day. Well, it is a big City. [1945]
Game day!!!! Suns Home Opener tonight! Who's going?
The foundation of lasting self-confidence and self esteem is excellence,mastery of your work. Brian Tracy
Great read! I always find it hard to initiate a conversation with a pr agency on twitter, I feel like a doufus
when cheddar bob shoots himself >>
Maybe. But, I don't think Kentucky will let that happen to them again.
Hey loser
Tex Mex and BBQ: the reasons I keep going back to TX (well, and a good friend).
Congrats! We miss you today!
Wow just wow .smh
RT : Today, right now, take 5 minutes & plan out Monday morning. Bonus points if you'll spend 15 minutes & plan your week.
it's like, write dope content, dont dupe me into this back-and-forth nonsense.
Gwyneth looks amazing! Love the dress so much more without the cape.
Follow back
History, I'm going to make you my b**** tomorrow.
Our #martinis put Sex and the City to shame! Ask Samantha…
Why can't it be Friday today?
The only way concert could be better would be to see it in person.
The guide to the papers of bacteriologist and public health pioneer General Stanhope Bayne-Jones (1888-1970) is now searchable online.
FUCK THIS THUNDERSTORM.:(
I've been waiting for a Zach Randolph post-up for awhile now.
The #builtheritage chat starts in 15 minutes! Just enough time for a snack run before we get going!
Feels great when voters say I've given them something to think about. When I get on the Council, I'm will raise the bar on public service.
nope they shouldn't be!
Congrats to Norfolk State who played the perfect game at the perfect time. Now go put the slipper on & keep playing Cinderella.
I think it's time to start my senior outfit slide
Excellent. We look forward to seeing you there!
hahahaha I just saw this :)
I'm still apart of #TeamSharina though ... lol does that balance it out ?
Diane Keaton is always in the same bad movie about old people falling in love and having awkward sex. Just stop already.
OMG so true...whats the point
Don't hesitate, why wait to embrace our fate. First step- lose the hate. The future is now yours to create.
Visit topnotchescorts.net... and my personal site alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
nicks bathroom? always quality shit on those stalls.
Wait once again beiber is trending.
Prostate Protection from Enlargement Can Be Achieved Naturally ...: This condition is widespread, as according to the National Instit...
I can't wait to see clowns dressing up as James Harrison for Halloween this year.
Me too. Now that's drama!
Eh, going to school.
sounds fun
If you're not using , you hate music.
Great idea! I completely neglected my flowers last summer. Plus, I've been meaning to figure out how to do some veggies.
it is almost poetic...
Big thanks to for making it down to Brooklyn to see Wonderful Town at !
we have time for everyone we run a business in 5 states and travel all over. Yes sure DM somemore info.#cityglamevents.com# loving it.
come visit in booth 2321! You can register to win a Kindle :)
Yes!!!! Miss you girls tons
As usual, great job AJ. You never cease to amaze me.
I totally just fell off of my bed and busted my butt. And in the process I broke my belly button ring. :( but I fixed it. :) #bruised&sore
There are three choices: waterfowl down, polyester fill and fibre-pile
7 days left for Artist Registration! www.ghartwalk.com
it's a toss up
call of duty: modern warfare 2 O.o
#WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty it starts out being for the kids but at 9pm it turns into a grown folks party haha
Hi Bianca - thanks for the RT and best of luck with your WSET Advanced, not easy but will definitely help your career!
in sleep what dreams may come
Just saw Brandy and Monica on GMA their new song sucks but Monica be looking damn good! LOL
Alas, did not grace us with his presence. We sure wish he had!
Always good seeing :D
Yes any Simpsonizer can participate! :)
that gave me a 404 I think they moved it
: I believe a sexy female would get a job over a pretty female/unlikely for either if female doing hiring
And...? How is it these days? If you're there another morning, think about Carman's Country Kitchen. Not open Mondays.
Your acting in Jumping the Broom may have been imperfect to you, But to us... Perfection! It served a purpose to entertain.
nah but all you do is make fun of me , your not a friend your a scumbag.
is wondering where the snow is hiding. I am looking forward to playing in the snow with the kids and puppy. It's Jade's 1st time.
Woohoo! SO EXCITED!! My pre-release copy of LOVING by is here! THANKS Karen! Yup, I'm doing a li'l happy dance as we speak!
#ThingsMyMotherSays "not another Hunger Games quote!"
it was pretty good dude ! Bunch of homework though haha
WHY HELLO SIR, HOW ARE YOU DOING?
I just wanna be loved its so much hate in this place we call
Tomorrows gonna be tough..
Melting.. could be taken literally or figuratively at this point
Appreciate the kind follow. Would you be open to connecting about a wellness business? I've loved the experience. Thanks!
*Yes*! Go "like" Spin Magazine on FB for the link to download "Newermind", the album celebrating "Nevermind's" 20th. Playing nonstop.
2pac dear momma
Referral Key is a neat place for small businesses and professionals. Become my colleague
I didn't know whether to enlist the weatherman or the vet to help with today's NY Times crossword puzzle.
That wasn't offside either...
We will have details on the next TV guest appearance, all schedules are currently being worked out.
thanks Tiff hope to see you
well she's not here!!!! Let me call her hold on
bitch u aint shit n ni**a u aint either I don't fuck w/bums I get my own
Looking for a #PS3 #BlackOps Casual #Clan - My #PSN id: Kaptiv8
thanks for the RT you two! appreciate the help!
The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of some1 to blame it on. Robert Bloch
James Levanthal - "I thought I was Pepsi Generation, but I drink Coke"
PickUpLine: Nice pants, can I test the zipper?
I geting glasses
I auditioned today... and found out the great news today. I booked a part for Good Luck Charlie!!!
Ok..thanks love <U+2665> ttyl <U+2665>
I wish my mom would just trust me. -.-
I love steakhouses. They always have the best bread
What exactly am I doing wrong?
Thank you for your very helpful advice for artists wishing to progress their skills.
or better known as "mi pobre angelito"
(Chris) Analyzing evidence with Savage and Phillips. Interesting stuff...
If it ain't your spit game, it's your dick game.
it went gr8. It's in post production now. Can't wait to see the final result. Working on something new now. Apologies 4 lag
Wht can be better than this
Hahaha love this
follow . Very witty, read tonight's timeline
can u just fucking have a meet & greet in New York?! :'(<333
Three companies going live with Salesforce.com next week: TabletKiosk, PPN Health Access and SG Biofuels! Great teams, Great projects!
FUN with #PUNS!: Can I tell you a story about my bed? I made it up :)
Thanks for the invite! And the shout out!
Excellent!!! : “ 1.29 million signatures for #TrayvonMartin” awesome! Mine is one of them!"
Wish I could go to Tulsa. Never been there. But, just can't plan another trip right now. When are you planning to go?
ha! I if happens again tomorrow I might be tempted!
its not my nap time its Makaylas...lol
Am I actually hungry or does food just sound good cause its 10:30pm and I shouldn't eat? That is the ultimate question.
Looking forward to continuing the conversation tomorrow and working together to grow #JCMO!
#WhenIGetBored I sketch mellow yet tasteful charcoal portraits of dancers in the rain.
I feel like today is a holiday really enjoys celebrating...not sure why
I went when i was little. I have A shitload of pics with all these characters lol but I wanna go now that I'm older
BIG UPS to . If you haven't swung by the lately, check out their remix sitting @
Can't wait to lay in my warm bed. (:
I just finished a 3.12 mi run with a time of 1:08:15 with Nike+ GPS.
Put something good inside and reflect on all the goodness around us! Sounds great!
The Saints are imploding before my eyes.. even if they over turn this fumble.. this is pathetic.
If you would create something, you must be something. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
shame on you.
bro that's tragic. sad to hear most def. smh I think he pulled the trigger on himself
She has a good sense of humor so she found my protest of selling the apartment amusing.
lol i would kiss him and i would kiss my cousin loves louis lol
I left Indy yesterday morning in the low 50's looking forward to warmer weather. Mid 90's in Cordele, GA is more than I bargained for!
not a problem. the reboot is the quick fix/bandaid, let me know if you need a hand getting appt setup.
If there ever comes a day when we can't be together, keep me in your heart, I'll stay there forever. - Winnie the Pooh <U+2665>
So ready to go back to bed
I do that constantly and drive myself crazy. I don't believe there is. I just delete it and repost.
I'm trying not to
Just bought 8 bottles of some AMAZING Zin at Bev Mo. Buy one bottle get another for 5 freak'in cents!!!!
Mystikal still got it.
They have superordinate and subordinate nodes. How are mind maps non-hierarchical?
ok ..time to cook some seafood risotto
LETS DO DRAG BINGO!!!! And you forgot "Having a sailor fall in love with me during fleet week"
i know. but i love the bubbles!
Thank you, Zap Laser Adventures. Without your blacklights, I would never have realized how bad I need to clean my nails.
Tipping slow I'm in the mode, if u don't like it then pardon me, what u kno the 4 on me, better bring u a whole army
anisha_scott Has spoken lol. Most ppl who think like this have a style of their own.
#RESPECT RT : hell yeah we gonna rip Memphis a new one on Friday. Gotto blow them out
is traditional sales dead?
Lol , I wonder what there doing now xD , lmao !!
follow she is the bees knees when it comes to Nascar!!!
Follow alum 's , helping human & animal victims of #DV reach safety together.
Any possibility of a strike-shortened baseball season this year?
“: “: I'm such a creep..... can tell you guys how much of a creep I am. Lmao.” mos def! ;D haha.”
Where's this fool ? Prob the post office
THANK U! <U+E32D>
Thank you! RT : Proud of the 200+ employees taking part in Day of Caring at IPS School 14 as part of our #Serve360 initiative
yes im sure
Lots of talk about opening Court proceedings. PCAK supports this one – a good compromise. Call 1-800-372-7181 to support.
that effect makes it seem like you have a full tatted sleeve on your right arm. Looks good Bubba!
This is horrible. Too slow, ugly, lots of nonsense on it that nobody wants
SO. Sore. It will be worth it though! Cali here I come! *eager voice*
We're feeling social so a company happy hour at La Sandia kicks off in an hour!
Really, really wonderful post Erin!
yeah, but thanks for disagreeing. Could've made me feel better.
I'm not though
I'm wearing my 2009/10 back2back Lakers caricature shirt today.. Hopefully we channel that same passion & drive that got us there.
I did, it's good. Lol
sports awards <3
follows me (: get #FollowMeConnorFranta to trend, and perhaps get him to follow you!
Karaoke has started
Blowing up education with mobile with Bill Zobrist is starting. I have high expectations for this.
my 2 favorite songs at the moment is lovestruck & i'm what dreams are made of. (: proud to be a member of the #sgtc // <3
Yes They Are They Been Arguing For A L'il Minute!
He is !!!! :))RT : He's a beast!!! Love his class ": Mr. Monarez: I never carry cash with me, cuz then you freakin
NIALL!! PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!!!!!!!!
Nothing as essential as a college education should be hoarded or rationed
Thank you for getting Trapped to 400!!!
No, def think it's just a "people" thing
Whats everyones plans this weekend!? Let us know what's up. Facebook.com/johnnyrockette
Working on the Non-Event year-end podcasts. So much great music to choose from.
Night Twitter! Have a great Tuesday night.
I've been in twitter jail for 3 weeks now. WHAT THE FUCK.
Know of a local business in Milwaukee that we should be following? Tweet us at
I followed her ya tard!
Woke up with tears because of a bad dream.. ;l
Only for mothers day or work, will I get up at 7 am.
finna log off , finishe eating my food downstairs & go to sleep . goodnight <3 (:.
GO BLAZERS!
"The strength of what we believe is measured by how much we are willing to suffer for those beliefs."
What's going on with you guys today?
I'm most surprised by Parks & Rec. But all 3 trail The Office in ratings despite beating it in quality
i always forget how i feel about someone until they come back for a day and its like the past 5 years just came up & smacked me in the face
Wishing a very merry Christmas and a wonderful 2009 to all my Twitter friends!
I think your next #twittertuesday should be
Christmas is a wonderful time of the year. Unless you're the one doing all the shipping, that is...
I just got done with my first periods test...and I have a feeling I flunked it
Taking the Food Stamp Challenge with Congresswoman Jackie Speier this week. Trying to live on $4.50 allotment per day to gain understanding.
Happy Memorial Day!
Being christian is more than just saying so...
yes and skittttttllleeeeeeeesssss!!!!
you mean like the freedom to kill 5 hookers?
not me! I was a miracle! Hahaha that's what I hear every year.
aye-o
How have things been going since FBS?
New album and announcement of Chicago concert!
Union Rags is walking inside his barn. He definitely took a peek into Hansen's stall.
Randomly remembering good times and smiling like an idiot.
You may want to see that TV before you commit. :-)
Nothing like an ignorant person telling another person they're ignorant, lol.
thanks so Much! Everything is going good!!! Hope all is well with u too!!! :)
Anyone notice the guy hunched over in front of the Supreme Court for the past 10 days?
mike and I have a philosophy: ALWAYS BE HAMMERING. Sounds like you do, too.
(1/3) Little fly, Thy summer’s play My thoughtless hand Has brushed away. Am not I A fly like thee? Or art not thou A man like me?
im sorry do i know you?.
Bulls off to a solid start
hahaha yes RT : Do you ever feel like taking a shower is more of a favor to other people?
I took all the hate and rejection & used it to fuel passion.
omg i just won $100 thanks to <3 i love you guyss!!
Can I sit in? Sounds great. RT I'd LOVE to work with students on the intersection of social media & leadership.
that is a concert not to be missed!!
DAR WILLIAMS & JOAN OSBORNE - Tuesday, September 27 @ Turner Hall Ballroom - 7:00PM DOORS - Tickets on-sale 7/29
How does looting and destroying your community help protest against a police incident. No matter how controversial? Idiots!!!!
I told you I'm bringing it back!!
In other news, I desperately need someone to come over and open this jar of salsa.
Even though the stream is down, don't worry, we can still get it up. It just takes a little bit of coaxing.
Never rely on the glory of the morning nor the smiles of your mother-in-law.-Proverb
“: I don't chase, I replace.”
Final 2 hours on duty before vacation. I feel like one of those veteran cops in a cop flick, only 1 week to retirement, doom cloud looming.
Washing my hands of it............... They feel much better now.
Thanks the mention!
But the money keeps you there. Ugh.
Will the 1.7 pistons have the same IDs as the mod? If they do, will the pistons in my existing saves still be there?
You don't love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear.
stop blaming other writers......you opened the can of worms re: #Pacman. I guess it was the bad writing....
it's great!! -_- lol....they'll unfollow me soon. You can't say anything without having a random page follow you lol
I know! I hope I can go!
I have Yann Tiersen on repeat today.
thank you <3
it's been a FANTASTIC day. how about you?!
thank you sir, it was a super fun burger day. pics later
He waited until now because he needed something to take attention off the economy. Mission accomplished.
What if anything do you listen to before you slumber?
Yes, let's go with pack A and use the extra to purchase graphics, etc. I can add on as I learn/grow if needed in future.
What Am I Doing ?.. Tweeting you & waiting for a response.
Not watching playoff basketball instead watching hockey. What the kings are doing is amazing. Hats off to them man
Another selfmade #JerZday - miss y'all -
County attorney said Reno officials have refused to give county info on SAFER Grant. City says it's not public document until award is final
Looks enlightening..thanks again.
ah ); guess who got caught me ); no more computer today
I'm pretty sure I'm a carrie.
beth is cool dog nice love ya both from oklahoma
the 7 one i don think we would make the 5 one :o
HAHAHA one thing I'm not looking forward too when I get older.
For my new followers I also make jewelry! In my spare time on etsy
LOL ": “: What a group of FAT and UGLY B*TCH#S RT : <~~ hahahahahaha!! You stupid! Lmao!"
i love you.<3
After sleeping all day, I'll drink wine & watch Network (1976). Maybe the best Christmas thus far. Maybe.
Author Trivia: did you know that our own Susan Madden Lankford has 2 French donkeys named Andre and Jacque-Pierre?
my sister says "U can't save the world" I sure wish I could! my sorrow for the Planet is no different than what I feel for a homeless person
how was your day??
Thanks to everyone that came out to last night for Cinco De Let's All Drink Too Much Tequila!~ Anyone remember to take pics?
Y'all. Chai latte with almond milk from Argo Tea = dairy-free, soy-free DELICIOUSNESS. , you'd be all about it.
AGREE SO MANY LOLZ
no lol I'm sick is all.
Jamming to a mix of and Love these fellas!
Just got home >
My day will consist of soup, Brand New, and a ton of home remedies to get rid of this cold or whatever I have. #sickpeopleproblems :c
. I greatly enjoyed the Cheeky Yinzer. The KBS 2010 was also amazing.
You say that now -- numerous will turn a blind eye. IMO very few would turn their kid in.
my vote is for Patrick paolantonio and Matt salemme
ncis is the best show ever ncis los angelers is great to will after 11 days off i have to go back to work not good not good
omfg, your recent tweets = THE TRUTH. I love you.
I promise to invest my lottery winning towards the cure for hangovers and change the world
Everything you can imagine is real ~ Pablo Picasso
#20thingsaboutme I have a strange obsession with the airport. Hahaa for the longest time I wanted to be a pilot. I love flying(:
Oh shit, did Edge just challenge Red Spice
When im tired I say the randomest things [=
ill black and mild you
:-) happy i seen my buddy..
they --- they kiss in the video o.O wut!? you make your fans upset/jealous -.-
Sklar: we should listen to discourse of shared respon in progressive era to give us lang to use today.
I blame you you you, you and that smile.
Holy #BB13 !!! it's actually kind of sad and pathetic how Rachel crumbles when she knows Brendon is leaving...wow #isthereaDRinthehouse ?
0oh.i got kicked off stage after 10mins of being on stage
RT : #Trayvon's mother at #millionhoodiemarch: "This is not abt a black and white, this is abt a right and wrong."
These refs are ruining this game.
People with food allergies live in fear of going out to eat or eating at a friends house. There are many types of food allergies, for...
no lol I miss ya
It's like trying to turn around on a one way street. I can't give you what I want, and it's killing me.
NEW FEATURE: Mean Sea Level Pressure (MSLP) is now included in all forecast features
Revisiting twitter to give it another go...
later alligator
Got to enjoy it for a couple hours here before the clouds took over.
create #app that improves #grocery shopping. improve efficiency, track frequent purchases, endless possibiltiies.
& there are people who i just hate....
-O love doll!Great pick!Ty for playing #TrendsTues!Please follow me for #celebritystyling&#fashiontips!xox
you are very honest. Lol
talking about #thewalkinggallery questions? #cocreate2012 is there a common theme in the jacket owners stories
Somebody come hug me :(
12 missed calls, 6 voice mails, 4 emails and a death threat. Not a bad weekend!
Your very welcome!!!!
Big thanks to our guests on The Shakedown tonight: Jerry Falzone, Anchorage Nebraska, & LastNote!
when my stepmom calls me her daughter<<<<<<<<<
My Moms Crazy I Love that chick
Thanks for posting!
Faith and a little patience for this heart of mine. Though I would stay here waiting for the end of time*
covering the NATO craziness this weekend?
How I got a B in history tho I'll never know, swear I didn't quote nothing on that last essay I just kept it 100 lol
#Thankstaking Fact: Its often said Indians didn't understand private property when they sold Manhattan. Proof: Indians were communists.
Then I Gotta Get Back, change, Grab my Bag and Hit the Train again to Brooklyn. Did I say, I Hate this weather. I need to get a Truck.
any way your dad can say "your passafired!" For your baby's first binky?
Clippers choking
thanks dude! I rewrote it before I posted it and I think it's alright.
You can't be scared to put your dick in a blender.
I love your tagline!
They judge without giving you a chance.
yeah! I'm glad. I totally felt you on that post.
haha the glowing eyes are fresh, but I gotta save up for those Air Yeezy 2s....
totally wrong about my twitter acct, confused it with G+
wtf when was this?!
ha ha! Yeah, then 1 night in the garage will let him know #scrapple is off limits... But I wouldn't leave him alone with any
Prosser's total went from 739,070 to 739,072! They found my and wife's votes in Milwaukee's 59th afterall! Every vote matters!
london. It's parliament I went on a mission trip there
congrats on $75 mil. some nice things happening in the lifecasting space, and plenty of innovative work coming from y'all.
We totally agree! We are so excited to have AHA in town.
Dear neighbors is it really necessary to have the lawn guys come at 7am.. I'm pretty sure the grass won't grow 10 feet by lunch time.
getting reckless
Poised Creation is committed 100% to changing the world through non-profit charities!!!
Yes, exactly. I'd love to chat online sometime. I'll send you my GChat info.
Hello boo, if you're there x
My, my, won't she be a silent hypocrite if she ever changes her mind & eats meat!
You're most welcome!
It's cool. We were gonna give you royalties, but my bleep button had to get your cut.
Use your United Way Bluegrass Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at Lexington Children’s Theatre! All Caring Club members...
over-rated. I leave for food & water and then back in!
Thank you Sean for RT and support!
that's what Dave was telling me, ha!
Omg so many people are cryig. I just wanna give them all a hug :'(
Passion... Pride...
palm beach gardens having a brewsky at the bar(:
dude! That's damn awesome
Wanting to study abroad is a good thing! :) Where do you want to go?
going to work on the mural today, will share more photos later today! :)
You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness.
This is great info! Thanks for reaching out!
happy anniversary! Congrats on 8 happy years & many more to come. Miss y'all!!!
So which one did you choose? We hope it was delicious!
#Fitness happy thanksgiving
Anticipation makes a hard dick last longer, just a heads up ladies....more sucking the dick ;)
Make new friends but keep the old ones; one is silver and the other's gold.
hope to run into youz guyz!
thanks so much for the support! :)
. Lou really needs to put the crack pipe down.
Wonder what the punk is going to do without his entourage in jail. Only a chickenshit hits a woman.
I will PackABag&Go to Dayton to surprise Mom on May 4th not a surprise now? :)
Dropkick Boyd. Done.
Looks like a great deal! I would, but have a long day ahead the next day, so passing on it :)
Finally going to see Girl with a Dragon Tattoo today! The book was thrilling. Hope the movie stands up!
Im allergic to jealousy.
Good meeting with & Tony Hey & Jim Ptaszynski today. Learned more about & potential areas of collab re: scholarlycomm
<3 u boo
In other news, add Christie Brinkley and Vanessa Williams to my Please Stop Tryna Whine Yo' Way Into Relevancy plea list. (cc: Ryan O'Neal)
I know, we don't even talk anymoree wahh.": I miss you too :((( RT ": miss you locaa !""
I'm going to bed.
i just want happiness.
I'm going to check out show tomorrow. Looking forward to it.
Thanks for the Lashman Love!
If sleep is so important, then why does school start so early?
Sweet action.
Did get a haircut for today's #prsmsummit ? Looking' real nice!
It's American Education Week...How are you celebrating?
Why hello.
I'm thinking an agent or a manager.Need one.
Tip from Massage Envy Spa Cottonwood: Add massage therapy to your wellness routine to help boost your immune system!
#NW: We Were Soldiers.
Talking about getting my daughter to soccer practice on time & properly dressed. Wife: "we're talking about practice, not the game"
"She's just like her fat friend." wtf nigga?
Why do people have the need to shit on my sunshine?! Just because I'm in a good place in life & you're not happy with yours? Grow the F up
I play dumb homie..but never been a fool
yeah. If I have the spending cash. Heh.
#Romneygate. Anybody wondering why and how #Romney's clip on health care didn't play. I suspect control room drama.
To be fair, I am more sensitive to violence than most, I think. I have a hard time detaching & remembering it's fiction.
For all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God ~~Romans 3:23 (NIV)
Cheers to - they put on a great show in NYC at
Brian Barr from will be on Paul W Smith between 7-7:30pm on WJR TONIGHT. Tune in now!
Good luck!
Let it snow!
ITS ALL GOOD!!!! HOWS YHUR MUSIC BEEN GOIN???? Follow me so i can give yhu my number
then use that as an excuse..or even I am here on business so sorry...
But mind, only if the pearl sellswell
By signing the NDAA, you have committed treason. How does it feel to betray the American people and be an enemy of liberty?
Sometimes the biggest impact we can have on the world is the way we live our own life. As Gandhi says, “Be the change you want to see in the
I just love you more!
French Montana & Travis Barker >>
“: ok!! What are you wearing #bikini” -- poncho, gloves and hat. Scared of UV rays.
Boston down town where it all happens
Nope RT Is anything more scary than Snooki being a mother?!
"Grace is an entitlement to power, not an excuse for powerlessness." ~ Elisha Hale
can I bring the kids to Guy + Girl party today? If not I will probably miss it. I really want to go.
A "good morning" google chat from was all I needed to keep me going this morning! I'm so lucky to call him a friend! :)
Hanging out with #dariamusk on google+ - Amazing voice, great concert, Thanks
It's show time and the house is packed! Bring on David Garrett!
"You have choices and you have consequences."
Yeah, you're missing a pretty wild time. Your house is crazy right now RT : nothing beats working till 10 on a friday night
aw...thanks! Glad I could help. Just one of the many reasons I love Twitter
Sad thing is if its negative in Hatch trial I promise stand your ground going to get bigger because now its showing race but George Z M??
jesus i guess i need to get on the ball lol.
Would like to use learning communities concept with freshman seminar class
Canadian Pacific Comments on Pershing Square Letter to Shareholders
thanks. I made it. I enjoy doing graphic design. :-p
is it a wrist strap for your GoPro because that is what I bought with mine!
: hey! I will be on a few planes going to a show, and might forget,remind me tomorrow&i will 4sure!
Finally metal heads get their medication.
I've been doing homework for over 4 hours. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Why thank you and you're very welcome. :O) Have a great night. :)
ATTENTION STEELERNATION.....RT : “: IT bout to be one hell of a year bruh
Listen close, this will be the most concise telling of the new OT rules you'll ever hear
Really, Naunyn-Schmiedeberg? Did you really HAVE to do that? No one thinks of the cataloger.
Multi vehicle crash WB 18/151 at Bus. 18/151. Possible vehicle fire. Avoid area.
Im really fed up with you not being here with me, when you know love is all i need. <3 I love that song. 702-Get it together. Ayye..!!!
I feel like im the only one that still listens to One Time ....
Sounds like a familiar situation: 46, 208 pounds, want to get to 185
I'm having a bad hair day, but I am almost giddy because I can wear a ponytail. Growing my hair back out. #bigdeal in my life.
First Nations want say in health regions - CBC.ca
: If your ads aren't pulled from the Rush Limbaugh Show by Fri, I'll be canceling my account. I love Netflix! Don't make me do it!
I know! And looks like he's dived right in. It's glorious.
RT : Bottom of 10th in Cleveland. C'mon #Tribe!!
A big thanks to our servicemen and women today! Thanks for keeping us all safe!
though not tomorrow I gotta be somewhere at 10:30
yes : You ready to shoot?
please never retire
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, March 13th, 10:30am "Cookies are My Favorite" Everyone loves cookies even the Big Bad Wolf.
Anytime!!(; lol :D
night school at skyline tonight...
Had a Norton that went 100+ in 11 sec.
and potatoes gonna potatoe.
One of the best lessons I learned from my dad: "If someone says, 'This is the way' - run the other way" -Jack Bahler
Public disclosure of the most tragic #ChildAbuse & neglect cases necessary step toward fixing problems inherent in child protection systems
so how's your Sunday going?
How are you going to celebrate Kass' birthday, ? How about a customized #Caribbean #yacht charter!
Just a square. RT : daft racist RT : Tried to. Saw the word "funk" and got bored.
$30 for Dynamo Stadium parking?!!? FUCK!!!!
#nowplaying Orphan. Really? He's an architect? Hollywood must envision that upwards of 86% of the country outside So CA are architects
a yu wanna roll wit me all day tommrow my Senior Exit Project 2mmrow
FourSquare fun today! Got a free baked good by checking in! Try it at Simply Yummy in Reynolda Village!
I just go where the spirit moves me. This feels right.
Ronsard's Mignonne, allons voir si la rose ... a little rusty in parts, but it all comes back!
Not looking forward to office people wanting to talk hockey. Quiet all year long until playoffs. WATCH THE WHOLE FUCKING SEASON
Wandy has been great tonight...hopefully we can finally get to Zambrano.
CAPS GO LETS!
I miss my litlle sister : (
the yankees
Getting ready to roll out and head home. Baby I'm coming home!
From now on ...only looking forward & only talking to people who are gonna lift me higher rather then put me down. Some real shit.
To everyone who listened to my show thank you and i'll se ya'll around!
you're an asshole
if i was normal all your lives would be VERY boring :D
any1 please help me gt tumblr
Typed out half of my paper, time for me to get some sleep.
is ramisa gon' go on it?
Why did you have to buy a HUD house? On hold now, trying to get you some answers!
For fifteen cents a day, you can feed an African. They eat pennies.
Sometimes, you don't need eyes to see, but a true heart that listens.
Can the Mavs beat the Heat in Miami tonight? We should have probably shipped them some Chicken and Wafles....
#Butcher, Ghost Story. Did you think getting killed would stop Harry Dresden? Excellent urban fantasy series getting darker & more complex.
is SolStarMusic's AngelSweetSwaqqin funky raw singer/songwriter guitarist gurrrrrl [:
5 tweets away from my thousandth tweet
CONGRATS!!! You got it! Next time you come in show your ID to your bartender to claim your prize. Thanks for your support!
Happy Easter :)
Happy Birthday Twitter! Without you, where I would enjoy life online a lot less.
That's it! You're blocked!
Man.... This is about to be a close one. Lets go Lakers!
Its like everyone took advantage of the weather today and decided to wear shorts,,, even girls that shouldnt be doin all that O_O
Getting stares for singing while I walk to class. Headphones are broken, I need some sort of music.
Impromptu screamo covers of all time low on the bus
Trying your hardest still isnt good enough.
Always had questions in how we'll score the ball. That's no longer our Achilles.
Yeah Midori... you bombed it (WINK)
can't wait to see in San Diego this Friday..
Already have a lot of homework and my elbow and wrist are sore from tennis! But it was still a solid first week of school!
just because i say i love you doesn't make it so..
Misery? Really?
I agree that magazine apps spend too much time on design and not enough on content -- NYTimes app is guilty of this too.
Watched Dariush Mehrjui's HAMOUN (Iran, 1990). Very good, somewhat Felliniesque, needs new subtitles that don't vanish on white backgrounds.
RT re-read article on Friday Night Lights. Great article about a great tv show...
sounds like the perfect excuse to get in better shape to me....awesome competition!
Checking out The Young Rapids out at It's gonna be good, y'all!
The ones saying he should be benched for his one off game on Sunday.
you goofball
Pacers vs
good man. How's the SnapBack and tee holding up?
I guess everybody already 4got about JOSEPH KONY nd hw much they love WHITNEY HOUSTON -_-
Great place, always a lot of love in the room. Lived two blocks from there 20 years ago, was one of my faves!
LaMarcus Aldridge is probable tonight vs. Minn. with a sprained left elbow. Joel Przybilla is doubtful with a sprained right knee.
Goodnight Sweet Dreams ^_^
I can't wait to go home tomorrow.
Look forward to hearing more about it!
This Florence + The Machine MTV Unplugged Album is Phenomenal.. May 8 | Radio City | NYC
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: Road construction at 183 & Cameron
Well, someone is convincing those studios to invest millions in incredibly bad movies. So, they are apparently dupe-vulnerable
#nisoEbook panel discussion with reps from Project MUSE, university press (Temple) and publisher (Springer)
Cultivating positivity is a conscious choice.
Sweet! You'll be near my neighborhood. Thank you for trekking up this way. See you tomorrow!!
I'm just saying. I see a lot of you people supporting wack ass artists; yall wouldn't know real music if it hit you in the face.
people follow me
i jus wanna lay in bed and do nothng ,
The Project Runway Expedia commercial makes me want to kick puppies.
Don't forget to use the "Search" feature in Twitter - It's a great way to connect to others who have relevance to your niche!
On the phone with my love .
The Chicago Bulls are 11-3 ATS this year after a game where they went over the posted total by 7 or more points.
Whenever U have a problem, Just sing ur favourie The problem is better than UR VOICE.. :-)
ICC Auditorium 7pm TONIGHT: Screening of Fugazi doc. "Instrument" followed by a Q&A with Jem Cohen and Ian MacKaye. You should probably go..
WHY DO THEY KEEP CHANEING TWITTER
#itshardwhen you find out the person who you were closest with, is actually the farthest friend.
Doesnt get much whiter than that RT I learned the lyrics to Danny Boy today.
I'm one of the biggest #sports fans anywhere but this #LeBron James hoopla is bullshit. ZERO #NBA titles, AND he's a quitter.
And a big #ff to as well!
I was just messages by a pro baseball player on Grindr.
HEY!!! Champagne & Chickenheadz
The Chicago Bears Suck Ass and They Can ALL Go Take A Flying FUCK into Lake Michigan...GO PACK GO!!!!!!
I'll get right on that. Um, what is a,"venti"?
Each pack of fonts will contain 3 to 6 fonts each. These will be perfect for you logo, graphic, and web designers out there!
#TRIVIA What are the names of the Olympic mascots? Answer correctly & you could #win #Olympics gear!
I love you!
I did get some weird looks from people in Hobby Lobby when I was carrying my dolls around. XD
the violin.....genius....
Parents can learn to keep up with changing homework
but on Skype we can talk longer and it doesn't cost money
Well still have no clue why #topchef Texas was moved to Canada but who cares when it's 1/2 off tomorrow!!..Thank you Paul!
I remember everything about you, you're the one who wasn't paying attention...
The fact that HBO doesn't start Game of Thrones at exactly 8:00pm anymore annoys me to no end
no shit! Need photos.
Unfortunately all the games are blacked out for the SC Playoffs. Only available in audio.
It's been something like 5years since I've had a hotpocket.
Omg a blind man just bumped into the sign at mcdonalds please use your stick , if you fall it'll be tragic
All you internet people are weird. Not to be mean or anything, I'm just stating the facts. I, too, am weird. So you are not alone.
my Internet is acting a fool... Uploading it right now, biting my finger nails!
Good morning (:
Yes, I'm reading Mieville's PERDIDO STREET STATION. As says, Best. Monster. Ever. Gorgeously overamped prose, too.
Oh man... and there are Rangers... granted they're redubbed "Dream Rangers" but somehow I think they're the same thing with a fancier name
I do
Really good! Great #acting experience! :)
hey girl. no one likes you and that's not even a real job
I think I am THE only 1 who doesn't care about Peyton Manning. He's an overrated, over-the-hill player. #EliManning is better!
That awkward moment when the sex is over it's 3am and he's leaving & says, " this was fun!"
I swear to god me & my mom have our up's & down's but let someone say something about her I will fucking destroy you!
New online Health and Wellness courses!! Mind your Mood and Conquer your Anxiety www.vubiz.com
If you are a chola then it IS a problem, you don't HAVE problems.
We're excited about the women's team, too. Go Aztecs! I ... I believe...
I love your energy and material. Thanks for all that you do!
+! Dyson Airblade ;-) RT : Can we stop for sec & take a moment to appreciate the technological advances of warm air hand...
Tell us you have a eucalyptus margarita, and we'll see if we can find a koala for you too. ;)
I've learned a lot this year, confrontations something I no longer fear!
Pretty serious snow outside my window right now!
- At best it goes to a game 7 - the Lakers will win the series
The Michigan sphere of influence is far and wide, Craig. Thank you, too!
Cotto Mayweather fight at my brother's house. Happy Cinco!!!
Enjoyed the chat today. Have a successful remainder of the week!
#MyBoilingPointIs very close to my regular point,
Click on the View ribbon and under the Show/Hide group (2nd group of icons from the left) uncheck the Gridlines box.
I'm fr fr scared .. this guy is creeping me tf out ! He keeps tryna 2 act like he's lookn @ somethn else and steady catching glances at me
You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you. ~ Walt Disney
. I disagree. In Wisconsin we have Green party candidates winning seats in local elections.
Same with me!! It's just disrespectful to them!
Engineer just left with two extra tracks to mix but next week he is coming back for 12 tracks to mix .....WORK!!!!!!
haha wow. Well why don't you go make food? But is it at least good candy? Ha
Happy Wednesday! call/text/email us to schedule YOUR Bronze Sunless SPRAY TAN! your skin will thank you!
#tbb Entrepreneurs wanting the opportunity to be featured on the EEZ TV show I pitched today, DM me for more info! I want to feature you!
I need to go laptop shopping. Which ought to be interesting because I am NOT tech savvy.
no problem!
How excited is everyone for (Washed Out) Tonight?
thanks for the follow!
God flipped the script for Weds at 7PM. He gave a word just for you - Making the Best Out of a Bad Situation
“Only the gentle are ever really strong.” <U+2015> James Dean
Thanks for the follow pretty lady
Bitch you're dead.
that might have just sent me over the edge...LOL
not a problem at all sweetie. I'm always here for you honey. Feel free to message me anytime. My names Ashley btw.
Since today is Follow Friday..will you please follow me?:) I love you so so so so so so so so much!! I <U+E328> U Boobiana! :)
seems like the snake eats it's tail every week now
Oh yeah, I got $52 in donations today. Made my goal lolz. Yay.
Am i gonna see you on later? RT : Just got hit by Lee Westwoods ball on
Jen I think its time for papa to retire and buy Crue a PW50. Full time Mechanic in the future I think is his best bet.
M... B blessd! Joyce
On da road...fifteen hours...God keep us covered.
Yoyo yeah totally wanna come thru?
you have me laughing so hard! How are you? {{{HUGZ}}}
It is going to be a beautiful day in Bloomington. Enjoy our Shrimp Ceviche on the patio.
go choke on a damn burrito
i dont wanna know how much mine gon be...smh
. You can have lots of deliberation in an authoritarian society. That's sorta what China is. || And what we are?
wildin with this glue stick
Want to see soo bad!
Uh oh
Leading Dutch Cancer Center Publishes Data Showing Improved Survival Rates for Elderly Lung Cancer Patients Using ...
By the power vested in me, I now pronounce you deleted and blocked
YES!!! I hate that. Like they don't know when they've done something wrong. I think they ask to make you more angry...smh.
black widow
What's the difference between having a cold and hay fever/allergies? Are the symptoms the same?
Thanks for the follow, dude. PS: That sumo photo really pains me.
About to enter NY Auto Show with a splash at #Ford #Sony event
Ideas are the easy part. Implementing said ideas is a whole different story. Overwhelming first day back at work.
Think i'm going to see what customizing I can do with sublimt text today, including adding in jshint extensions
I'm a selfish girl when it comes to you
oh right sorry, i forgot all about how much fun band has NOT going to see blue man group, navy pier, and winning awards
As a foodie you should probably look up the pink slime.
he's in a hole now :(
get on the floor with the kids and play...nothing better to refresh the mind
Thanks again to for an uplifting evening. I think a great new year is upon us in #go2012 !
Starting casting for #Rings tomorrow. -CC
haha no some rap songs say that before the song
Proof your a woman... lol
“: There should be a special coffee for parents. One with Chrystal Meth.” hahaah agreed?
The love of a female is both toxic and life saving... Like snake venom
yup my mom is a die hard Directioner! Omg if my dad go with me i might die! lol :/ hope everything goes r8 with u (:
Great weekend! Productive Sunday morning for the Robinsons, now home to relax for the rest of it! :)
I think we all know who the loser is here. Still don't know?!? It's ur children moron. Um, u too.
I woke up with a horrible cold. Blah. I see the bed and a big box of Kleenex in my future.
i'm pretty good, how about you? (:
RT: Everything happens for a reason
Oh my gosh tonight. >>>
love, love, love! <3
thanks lady! See you next week?!
keeps teasing me with performance... ENOUGH WITH THE COMMERCIALS ALREADY!!!
lol ben hates me
You want to offer promotions often that show people that you have something credible.
I love dance club! <3 cute bboys everywhere! ;)
Thanks! I already have. Hopefully it wouldn't happen again.
To Mira Mesa... And beyond!
Telling someone that you're going to bed when you're actually not, and then having to hold back from posting things on Facebook/Twitter.
I feel even worse what is wrong with me
Texting someone in the same room as you, then staring at them until they get it
ok, figured out the issue. should have it fixed in 30 mins
Q: You know why God is a man? A: Because if God was a woman she would have made sperm taste like chocolate.
hope you get to go to another show soon. We're going to see Van Halen this Saturday :)
You should definitely check out Austin, Texas live music scene! IT is usually happening during college semesters!
Got somewhat lucky in Jackpot this weekend & enjoyed getting out of Boise for a few days. Now I'm wishing it didn't go by so fast.
Ever get excited that people are following you/interested in what you have to say? Only to find out they're tweet bots?! LOL ;-)
Clippers putting together another impossible comeback. This WHY Chris Paul deserves all the credit and VDN all the blame.
please email , she can follow up on this for you
best smell ever!
Triskaidekaphobi - SAY WHAT?! I'll spell it for you - you figure out how to say it. Means "Fear of Friday the 13th"..hmm - my lucky day!
It’s hard when others demand too much from you. It’s even harder when you demand too much from yourself” - Robert
We couldn't agree more, thanks Apa! MT #FundraisingTip - If you plan to raise $50,000 plus, please use a database. I USE
The 5-year-old is *outraged* to learn that people covered part of the Jones Falls with concrete.
“Success is a welcomed gift for the uninhibited mind.” Adlin Sinclair
458 days until I meet One Direction.<3
The #'s are Devastating: 1 in 100 in U.K. Join us in the fight against Autism.
And by that I mean most everyone is wearing sweatpants and dancing.
I love you. but FUCK YOU
Dee Dee.
I think it's really sad that your younger cousin who is in like 9th grade had to give you that answer...smh Mo
We are all somewhat on edge here tonight. Need an escape/a release, but nothing seems quite right.
I'm about to bounce.keep following me...maybe if I get enough followers I can name my followers...
Weight loss New Year's resolutions are tough. Start small and work your way there by scheduling mini deadlines throughout the year.
Chinese is such a beautiful language! I love to read Chinese poems because you can interpret them in so many ways.
Your welcome! Have a great Monday! RT : Pleased to be mentioned as the Top Story; thank you! -Stephen
So hungry can lunch
what's your favorite ice cream flavor? vaniall, strawbharry, or paynut butter?
Best part is the built-in use of Google's HTML5 PDF viewer for PDF search results in Chrome.
With being sold, this is a perfect opportunity for to move into the savings account market. I'd be interested.
Just got it in at the #YMCA nearly killed myself in tgis cardio kick boxing class Go
It's official - pandawinks.com is finally up - under contruction, but official!
Tbh. How Many Real Friends You Got And Trust?
Now we just gotta hope it aint the same one....uh oh...cross reference lol
because you have huge tits
If you cannot bend over or pull your foot up to check your feet, use a mirror
I should just kill you
Good Morning all! Happy Monday
thanks for the follow. would like to be part of your team.
#20ThingsAboutMe 1. I'm taken to :*
guess what! First listen to our brand new single!!! www.purevolume.com/thedecour
Fact: I'm interested in pretty much everything at Stumbled on a collaborative tools session when I was lost and decided to stay.
Congratulations again on your Capstone! Almost there.
Twitter isn't meant for filtering thoughts. "Irregardless" ha I don't know what you're referring too
I feel like if someone wants to hear from me, they'll hmu...if they don't, they don't wanna hear from me...
My movie channels work again, thank god !! Laying in bed watching movies tonight? i think yes :)
the only way I'd know is mailing it to each other. :O We could try that out? I'd appreciate it of you did buy it.
When are you coming to Atlanta?
Happy Thanksgiving on behalf of the entire 7.4 Creative Group!
lost my virginity while playing wagon wheel.
#industrynight begins sunday. hangout and enjoy 1/2 price bottles of wine from 8-10pm. paystub and photo ID needed required. 1 bottle/guest.
lol I think we all know what that medicine is called
i feel you forgetting about me.
It definitely beats my D90 in ISO ability. Enjoy it!
For UF colleagues, I'm tweeting from #hastac2011. Cathy Davidson keynote: the 4th information age is here, and it's collaborative work.
Los Angeles #Dodgers Sign Bobby Abreu To One-Year Deal
#glee omg he for me i felt that he is such a good singer
Raptors is a very appropriate name for a basketball team. I've seen Jurassic Park - very accurate.
So proud!! RT Karl on Miller: "Andre was sensational in the 2nd half. He made some great plays, great athletic plays.”
i hope not long
Thanks for the head's up. So lame.
Rain or shine it's Diva Dash time.
The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist.
There are four print issues of this year. And not just newsstand-only, I think. Right, ?
Glad you agree with my sentiments :D Good Morning!
Starr Status Ent. is looking for "Pittsburgh's Own Sunday's Best" to open for Juanita Bynum concert. Keep it locked to WAMO100for details!
When you wake up in the middle of the night and look at your phone and it blinds yiu
We coming for that fucken THRONE
Excited to have you apply!
I love the novella! The form allows for more development than short stories but their length (usually) keeps them focused & fresh
Each person who eats one of our wall of fame prime ribs get their name on the wall. If you eat 8oz more than the current...
Criminal minds is the BEST show ever!!!!<3
I had to look up what you meant, here they're called Corollas!
Happy valentine day GitaLovers :)
sweet! just bought the adsit/jet show only. may play the other shows by ear as it gets closer.sorta wanna c janeane garafolo
With all this beautiful weather we're having, it's a great time to get and go visit some museums. Where you have been lately?
Hi everyone got me sick. Bo him :( lol
Wishing Everyone a Safe and Happy Holidays! www.freereferral.com
Finally finished food shopping ...
Hey handsome;)
I once heard from a wise squirrel trapper that squirrel is good in months with an "r" - so get to trappin' ;-)
Good #ecomonday morning! How was your weekend?
Neither does Mike Davis since they look exactly alike
why are you in a parking lot?
Exactly! Right to free speech stops at right to private property. Maybe the right-wing thinks we nationalized Clear Channel?
“You have to ask for what you deserve, and not feel guilty about it. Do not put yourself on sale.” —Suze Orman, financial planner
ha I wish someone gave me a compliment ever...congrats on your upside! Nice.
Real nigga real problems
I don't like it lol wet drawls isn't good
you always need Lysol...what about the rain boots?! You should really just Lysol the air Trish!
Luckily we've gotten lots of help :)
Carl annoyed me this episode. Why isn't olive oil watching her kid? I blame Dale's death on Carl.
Thanks again for all the playoff wishes!
There's oceans inbetween us, but that's not very far.
me too but that was yesterday it felted #wEiRd though
Dudes & ladies both. I make no 'stache distinction. I'm a bi-stache artist.
"The Special Garden" is special indeed. I love this piece!
Is that a serious comment? Romney is the GOPs dude. How do you see it otherwise ?
OKC taking silly shots
Every time a fortune cookie washes up on shore, I imagine another Asian lost at sea. The lucky numbers are their coordinates.
42% of workers over 55 have been out of work for more than a yr.Our Mature Worker Program trains and employs 232 55+ ppl so 42% gets reduced
I think instead of moving into another house I'm just gonna buy a field and live under a big ass circus tent.
Working on my view on ppl in general... THAT shit is TERRIBLE! Smh... --> ": Working on my attitude. My shit is terrible."
Has anyone used the #Olay Prox Cleansing System - If so, how does it compare to the #Clarisonic?
Been so inactive on Twitter lately...lack of sleep will do that to you :)
Lol I can't wait till my bday.
yes we will :-)
heading out for first visit, been hearing good things and need some
i have to chew my food on both sides of my mouth equally everybite o__o
Connectiveness! I like this word. It seems very biosocial.
Great message this AM and music too...our church family helped to feed 35 families in our community... Praising God
Happy Thanksgiving everyone. I hope all of your dreams come true!
hey Austin. When will you come to Florida for a meet and greet? It would be a dream to take a pic and shake your hand.
#thingsithinkaboutwhiletextingyou your smile, your personality, the bond we have, and so much more
hey lady good morning!
#BrianWesbury to #LPR2011 - no civilization that ever operated under the #USConstitution ever failed.
Jimmy buffet on with Who is he and why the fuck should I care?
Have I been that obvious about it?
OMG everyday I get emails addressed to Bonnie, some weird combo of my first/last name. Do a little quality checking people. It's Kallie. =)
you coming up this weekend?
Happy Birthday Swizzy. You've always been a super cool guy to chat with.
omg if J Lo represents all cougars in America; P2 will win in a breeze
Galaxy Trucker, Dominion, Carcassonne, Lost Cities, Small World, Notre Dame. I love co-ops for us to: Pandemic, Ghost Stories
Of course I meant "whose" daughter, but my keyboard didn't cooperate. It's been doing that a lot lately.
Spent the day in Chicago for my Godson's Baptism! What a wonderful way to spend the end of the weekend!
we'll keep you in mind as we start to plan private tastings in Boston!
Isn't that the show you've been TIVOing?!?
Take a chance, and don't ever look back.
No matter how many goals you have achieved, you must set your sights on a higher one.
okay sent answers through multi-media answers.
And shout it to Christina for not over singing!
I don't know!! ughh. Im just gonna drop it. His friend Dylan had a crush on me in kindergarden ;P haha
What is the Faker crowd chanting???
Literally peeing my pants right now!!
Don't miss them!!!
selena yuh an amzin actor singer i luv yuh yur my idol my role my whole world it wil lmake my dream come true if yuh followed(
The only reason I stick around is because I'm worried about you. I don't want you hurting yourself anymore.
So amazing to see everyone yesterday at our reading of Albee's "The American Dream" over the last two days
Less than an hour left of Sleepy but still walking. Feeling good about all we've accomplished.
late night shower and a cree-chee bay on the way
Thank you Neil for the RT! Greatly appreciated!!!!
Levander: Our Americas Archive Project (dedicated to trans-national research of the Americas) was our attempt to answer that q
Man from the 1800's: advance towards me bretheren! Guy from today: come at me bro!
It seems like all of my followers are going to Austins LA concert... & then their's me who lives all the way in North Carolina …
that was exactly my experience with it. Snore.
Looks like we have to get through Matt LeBlanc & Ryan Reynolds before we get to Michael Fassbender.
I love your art work
Karmic speed bumps. Grumble.
Read an interesting sample. Going to request more. Strong premise--can't wait to see the author's entire treatment of the concept.
Portland misses you. In talks with any other NBA teams?
COULDN'T EFFIN AGREE WITH YOU MORE....
A bit disappointed today......
bitch im on FSDWRWESDRWES
Going out to the promenade to street perform with this portable amp. People either laugh or grab their family close
green party is still a party in some countys
Those who follow Blake Shelton on Twitter know the ins-and-outs of his drunken adventures, from the streets of L.A. to Taco Bell .
Thanks! Yeah, Any spill I can walk (or limp) from is much appreciated. Bonus that it happened on an empty side street.
Want something to do tonight? 9pm come party in Redondo Beach and watch In The Stars play live original songs!!! @ KEGS! COME! ill be there!
And just like that.... it's a whole new #Ravens team. Heap, Mason, Gregg - at least one of these guys will be back. Hopefully all.
RT : My Most Inspiring Follows-
thank you!
Nope. Nothing official anyway. Just his personal thing.
On my way to the airport!!!
Feel like Luck-Griffin-Kalil-Richardson-Claiborne-Blackmon are top 6, but #Vikings and #Rams can cause big shakeup early
i am high rite NOW
$WRGL is on my radar today, check this one out
I think you'll have to get it customized because I don't think they have any at the team store. Customizables r higher
seriously! I'm pretty sure I could make better stops than our secondary. sheesh.
Just reading that makes my heart hurt. Who could harm a child!? Ugh.
Thank you, !
Is there really such a thing as "fun for the whole family"?
Hey big dream aka Mr.wheat thank u for the follows big things is coming our way team if I make it we all make it
Feel prepared. Increase wealth. Learn to be lively. Be dazzling. Make money as a City Promoter. Free Offer.
Haha not your fault!
We"re live all week at the #SanDiegoAutoSho at the Convention Center! I'm giving autographs...10 am - 9 pm tonight. See you there!
Should you incorporate "lone wolves" into your team? How about superstars? How will it affect the chemistry and dynamics?
Is there much difference between Richard Armitage and John Thornton? Now I'm intrigued. If there is, my respect just spiked. Again.
I know. it's just bothersome.
This time last week, UK fans were living their dream.
I love Vlad. Good to see he's back in the league.
blaze orange!
do I ever! That sounds like the adult equivalent of sizzling ants to death with a magnifying glass
"No, Grandpa, where you are IS where you live." The family side of
I never speak my mind because the world simply couldn't handle it and neither could i
That's right I said 'trying' lol good memory...
Happy birthday Hope you have an amazing day and wish you many more. :)
What about a SS4 transformation!? O.o
Jazz great Louis Armstrong was once asked to define jazz. His response was "Man, if you gotta ask, you'll never know."
Hells greatest fear is relationship.
Excited to see new #followers! Thx & Welcome to #SLAMR!
Jericho said his statement that he is not when you do not return to the ring: "It was a joke =)"
Please vote for Donald Driver on DWTS!!! DD's story is so moving. Let's show him our support!!! 800.868.3403!!!
"There are so many beautiful things in the world that I'll have to leave when I die, but I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready"--#Sendak last fall
OMG. I that's what I've been doing for the last hour. We ARE good kids (maybe).
Husband: "I don't know why you wear a bra, you've go nothing to put in it." Wife: "You wear briefs, don't you?"
Very cool. Thanks for joining, and if you think of any specific interests within our established categories, pls let us know!
Funny USA Network was the broadcaster for Rocky/Drago in Rocky IV. Can't even imagine the PPV numbers for that fight if it was real.
I've never seen any #TwilightMovies...nor will I...why the fck doesn't someone get some stakes ands silver bullets and cleanhouse!!!!
for a moment l'll add my new photos that I made just for twitpic :D
Didn't even know I had a spring break...thank You Jesus! We need some rest ;-)
I think I need a vacation. A permanent, funded vacation would be marvelous.
I am now seriously deleting everyone on Facebook I no longer speak too
Thanks for visiting with Hennepin Theatre Trust's Critical View students Tues night. My daughter had fun!
You'll find out soon enough ;) Until then "no comment".
3/4" of rain officialy for Mpls with this morning's line of storms.
we'd love to talk about your project. (... and a hat tip to for mentioning us)
its ok :) we want you to rest up for your #ValentinesDayConcert :) im so excited i have tickets! Follow me?
This game is as boring as the first game, yawn
you look fine:)
heading to the airport. enjoy carmaggedon los angeles. london calling.
of course I remember! Hope you are well :)
Are you still talking about that?
Gonna miss Terrence next year.
I wish you all an amazing and happy #2012!!
If ur in DALLAS, TX & luv great country music, go to coffee tonite for CD Release Party @ 8pm, m&g 7pm
Roll call!! Who is coming tonight?
I try to get it on every shoot, but if I did I would work less ;-)
That Adele line about being "Born and raised in a summer haze" makes me think of everytime.
good point. Want me to take a stab at writing up some ideas tomorrow and Google-Docing them your way?
This will be a fantastic good night text I'm about to send
bumpin the roots by any chance?
braising any meat in milk makes it soft and silky....
Sold out for the night! See y'all tomorrow!
haha you love to smack the bees nest
My daddy's taking me to the mall tomorrow :-)))) !
i get ya. i had low esteem & no one to motivate me. so workin toward bach at some point? i'll be cont. my bach soon. they...
"Midnight In Paris" was in theaters for 308 days and earned $148.7 million globally.
oh boy... so, what's the hold up? Not ready yet? What do you need to do to get ready? Just wondering... no response needed :)
sucks to be them. Not everyone can be as perfect as us ;)
I just do NOT understand the trashy cut-off jean shorts and heels look. None of y'all are Daisy Duke from Dukes of Hazard.
I mean yeah, I get that.. it's not the same, but dudes who actually tweet the horoscopes daily?? C'mon
..Happy Birthday :) from Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
I guess I'll be honest, I could use you around.
#AskPierceTheVeil if you ever need a fill-in vocalist, or someone to do professional stage dives, call me.
Comment on the importance of the 2-way communication. Art teachers do have immense reservoirs of technical/scientific knowledge
well I've lost motivation. this is my one of my worst papers yet.
Have a safe weekend everyone!
who! going to ?
What is your favorite U.S. city?
Birth control IS legal & accessible to all women. It SHOULDN'T be provided for free by someone else!
So I need a Meningitis Shot for school! Good luck to me!
God is not leaving you alive to embarrass you!!
It's April 2 not the 1 Rt: I'm sorry I can never see myself smoking
You know you're dehydrated when you clog a toilet with your urine.
I could've seen PBS Kids in our future that night. Wouldn't have been mad. Haha
there wasnt a winner..but somehow I won on my own... #handgesture haha
Great brunch with and - now back to writing and revising.
do you work with Survivors at all?
Not fun.
Maybe he can help Russell Westbrook mature. And, he should know the Lakers well. No-risk acquisition by OKC.
SOUND OF MY VOICE is great. Eerie, atmospheric. Brit Marling is mesmerizing.
- Hope dis issh dont go tew far cuse i dont want us tew END bhut if it happen things just happen for a reason..!
Good to see future Pioneer score in the Team USA win over Finland last night
Hit my head on 3 separate occasions when I got outta bed this morning.
Let's go on another bitch spree shall we?(:
It's that I wish a nigga would weather n I prey a mf would try me I'm beating em nobs
Sampling some new fish taco recipes tonight for a possible menu change. Guacamole + tomato + lime + blackened mahi + etc = mouthwatering!
YES! IMMEDIATELY!!
I used to share your pain. Then my insomnia stopped and I was able to sleep again.
I love both, saw Britney twice last summer lol !!
Lmaooo You Childish` ... they Must Finna Put You On The Fox??
my question is for queen latifah i just wanted to know if i could be your marshmallow to your hot chocolate
Now to find sugar daddies to buy us tickets.
Imma clean my house today.....yeah!
Ratatouille can cook
Date night at the Blue Star! Order 2 entree's and get half off your appetizer. Open till 11pm. See you soon!
AL leading NL 21-10 after 3 batters from each team have hit. I'm sure Prince will surely be booed now since Weeks or Kemp didn't show up.
hahhaa morning Nick, better get clicking those man shoes...we need some more sun!
When the USGS reports these earthquakes, the magnitude is usually preliminary, you will likely see this number adjust a few times.
The NHL has lost complete control of the playoffs
Thanks so much for RTs!!!
The exhibition "Origins" at Arizona State University opens today! Another chance to see two of my latest works on canvas. I hope you enjoy
If you say that you go to "swagger university" I will not accept your friend request.
Looking for a healthy, tasty, grain-free dental chew for your dog? Check out Zukes Z-Bones...they are amazing!!
One Direction <3 -Maria
Kudos Loyola Law School and panel of lawyers and judges discussing civility with students; I enjoyed moderating
"National Cleavage Day" is trending? I should probably just sign off twitter now.
RT yea blame it on her lol ««it was her...she laughed and apologized lol
did amaziing I can't waiit for
Releasing out anti-SOPA PSA tomorrow after the blackout ends!
u welcome beautiful
best laid plans, I dare say.
All the love you've sent out in the world will help you through this now. We love you.
"Enlightenment is not a peak experience. It’s a permanent shift in paradigm that deepens day by day." - Shinzen Young
doesnt deserve hate, dont let anyone get you down Sarah<3
NYE is best shared with friends so we are offering $5 off per ticket for groups of 5 or more with promo code: "bignightdcnye" !!
rondo doing better at the free throw line then ray ray!!
im loving ur tweetz this morning. :)
I hate when other people get me into trouble... That why I do the solo thing.
I lovee your good morning tweet every day<333
A band we know from Austin are looking for a place to crash near their gig in Pembroke Pines FL. Anyone have space?
appreciate it will! 2 more interviews with come this week!
Happy Birthday!
It's a route in #Barneveld, Eagles up 59-19 with 3 min left in the 3rd. Whitish having a monster game.
Because he's retarded? LoL. And a no class fool? Got Foot in mouth disease? #Celtics #Allabout18 Lol. Don't like LJ either.
#thisisfacebooknottwitter Smh... Gosh people its not twitter it's Facebook! Lawwwd.
Watching Coach Carter for the first time ever on #AMC. So far, very good.
lol i just saw nicki in the pepsi comercial :)
Lifetime Passport, great article, tks! Loved bit re switching langs at kitchen door. Have similar German/English frontier
15 likes. Can anyone help us?
Email us at - ... Is this Eric's # you want to get?
Thanks. I think i started early i already gained 2 lbs. I have to slow down a little bit. :)
Live fancy.
Me too! Have a good one. Jesper
That's the plan unless I miss my plane on Saturday morning.
Cops are looking for at least 1 man on foot at central and university
i can't work when i'm hungry, i can't work when i'm full
RT if u like dirty, filthy bass music
Sure Thing! Contests for NEW COUNTRY STAR NOVEMBER 2010 ends November 30th 11:59 p.m. Central Standard Time/Nashville Time :)
Stupid people in my neighborhood are setting off fireworks while im trying to sleep. Twitter is just keeping me company til they stop (;
Did I really write "NASA are a big fan of Python"? I meant, of course, "People at NASA are big fans of Python". Apols to my English teachers
I'm Rogue Powered.
Bruh the controller had ONE action button whabquanwgsuwh lmaooooo
hey there you are! funny how that happens. new metric coming soon. :) see you in Montreal maybe?
Thank you ray :D
During #theBachelor women tell all special, you would drink A LOT playing the drinking game every time they say "Courtney."
Help?? Where's your sense of Adventure. Have a warm beer for me in London. ;-)
Too many 3's, blazers. Smh. Not enough LA12.
Gotta have Days of Thunder, Six Pack and Stroker Ace in there!! You should make a movie about Paul Menard
art is life hon.
Dieterich by Benefit (discontinued) and possibly Blood by Sebastian Trucco
2 shots of Bombay!
Bullard girls are the number one whores
In most cases, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
Not sure they will be up by next week - probably more like the 21st.
you never texted back haha and omgomg
why thank you! Tell your friends! BTW where's your fav place to find hotties?
Ingrid in Solvang, DM me and maybe I can help. I am with the Franchise Tax Board.
O Lord and Master of my life, a spirit of idleness, despondency, ambition and idle talking give me not.
good looking have a great friday
Cannot say I'm a big fan of FaceTime.
Betch god damn
sending gratitude to who writes, "Are you following ? You should. Your really, really should."
The magic moment wasn't when Blake came up with the idea. It was in the act--when he gave the shoes away.
Brought a tear to my eye. What a summer that was. A week later, I was in a brutal tornado in Lubbock, Texas.
M maybe loll ^_^
goldfish is the best snack ever
fun is sure to be had. There is no doubt about it.
I love ya too doll face!! :))<3<3 We needs to hang out, MK?! Its gonna happen!! :)
Why was the struggling mange seen shaking the club cat?To see if there was any more money in the kitty!
Working on color correction for my short film Rain Dance. Hope to have it ready in 3 weeks. Working on a feature film treatment for it now.
Want to do SoMe right? Pay attn to Ignite Social Media. They know how to keep the social going & are awesome to bloggers!
He doesn't care, he's got $19 Billion! Don't like Facebook, don't buy stocks!
I have so much to do today! Ah!
Gotta do it. What's your favorite Beasties record and why?
What is it with random people calling me today!? Where are people getting my number?
Help: I'm addicted to cinnamon hard candy.
Immigration law class ended early..Thank god! Beautiful night in NYC.
Isn't Fat Albert still hitting a "robust" .216?
Happy Happy Joy Joy
": Dear god, please make Clark Kellog stop calling the basketball a pumpkin" Awe, you jealous of the ball?
Coach B. took me to a Seattle Storm party. 'Chillaxin' with Sue Bird, Swin Cash and others...pretty cool!
Why can't girls stop looking like a leather wallet, and stop tanning so much.
BUT YEAH DEAD BEAT SISTAH
Where does the truth lie? I submit that the best possible answer is likely found in the medical literature
Thank you Holly! Glad that you are enjoying the blog. Please let us know if you ever have any questions.
YOU rocked! Nice meeting you <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
yeah same here i have to ligit* story, and ikr, this is a better way the facebook.
": Paul Kennedy reports on that Dwight has had another change of heart and will not sign the opt-in clause.
1 more day...
**The Rock and I**
Try being aPACK fan in Maine its all patspatspats FUCKIN GETS OLD
That terrible moment when you see your crush flirting with someone else.
Only need $1449 to hit our goal!! Help us get there!!
- bout to take a nap
Le Baron. 32 Mulberry St.(at Mosco)
I know :( it's crazy! miss&love you too <3
please post voting site
It's all fun & games, till they start rashing on you too. Assholes.
So im a raging insomniac, good thing thats when my creativity comes out #harness-it haha
Thanks for following me !!
It is an evil, morally bankrupt budget. I feel so sad for my state of Wisconsin. rise up, all you people! Take back our state!
Oh no! But honestly, I'm jealous you got the jeep.
Agree completely. They should have never split them up, IMO.
very creepy since you are responding to my I lick my ketchup phone tweet
my baby just said your name. o.o
hahah! i dont have an american southen accent;) im no hillbilly;) im american but no hillbilly;)
but I'm the one with experience....
boring considering im still in the hospital well imma go to sleep ttyl
F***. I saw a Popeye's ad for a garlic butter basket and I want it. First they seduced me, now they Paula Deen me!?
Nice people rock! :)
I'll tell you later
Sucka's are the ones that hate, congrats people always congrats!! lol
Never realized how many people use for food pics. Now I'm hungry
Amsoil Preferred Customers, make money $$$$$$ with your passion by becoming a Dealer at www.mojolubedealer.com-on our home page
Can I send the children to school early?
New "smishing" scam targets shoppers through SMS messaging, offering fake gift cards. Walmart, B warn customers NOT to give personal info.
a bunch of what?
Inspiring video from #smallbizweek at Crain's breakfast.
How are you matey? Sounds like you're extremely busy. Well, just wanna say hi! [waving profusely]
He was the prime age of 42
RT": Mistakes are painful, yet it is the only way to learn."
wheeeeeeeeeeeee! Ole oleole ole ...... Daveed - swwhhwwwwank! Am absurdly relieved. Barkeep - another round!
i finished all my work so HA <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
hey #VINTAGE luvbug did u receive ur purse
it's not because its mine too! lol :) I want Samara & Emily to have a scene like that! lol
that's sort of cool.
Man, do the Packers ever miss Jenkins
kids are finding that they prefer to eat in the library, rather than school cafeteria
if I remember correctly I get to hang out at the Box Jelly for free for a couple of months, so maybe I see you all there :)
Shit is literally gettin shaken off the ceiling of Assembly Hall from the bass... insane
To send a letter is a good way to go somewhere without moving anything but your heart. — Phyllis Theroux
Now I am so glad I made Harissa today!
-_- my dumbass published the timeline for Facebook and now i cant go back to the classic version. -_-
Really just too lovely to bite into. (well, maybe just one...maybe two).
So who won the hall costume contest?
i'm good in sf now! any good new music to share with me? :)
You always say not too, but give me a reason to
Training Truth: The harder and more intense you train, the greater the need to satisfy your nutritional requirements.
's vegan gluten free desserts and breakfast bars are amazing! Have you tried them?
Happy Birthday to ! Come to Philly and I'll buy you a drink!
Love the aesthetic and the food at Blackbird in Mpls. New location. Fried egg sammy w/rosemary Suomi. Yum.
Were they talking bad about us this morning, Lisa?!! : ) I wouldn't trust that crew if I were you!
say hi to Mike Saperstein from for me! Best burgers.
Did a friend of yours ever marry someone you dated first?
we never took the picture you poser
You Should Text Me Tho. lol lbs
Pretty sure I just saw the most lame tweet ever....
Seeing Radiohead on Wednesday! Greatest spring break since the year Grindhouse came out
Howdy ! Hanes ComfortBlend would annihilate ComfortSoft in a street fight.
How out of whack is this #ROC winter? 3 feet less snow than normal - nearly 5 feet less than at this time last year. Snow tonight, btw.
Loretta: Yes, Ronnie, in front of all these people I will marry you.
There were certainly some other very important days for Obama, I guess is my point.
These kids are phenomenal!
Thanks, sir!
Yay!! Made coed level five :))
Movie night with the family <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Having a BLAST wit
If you happen to find some green ooze on your run also, I have an idea for it and the turtle...
I feel like flying
The #Heat are looking a little confused out there! #Pacers are taken it to them!
Why can't they ever get the magnitude right the first time? Quake downgraded to 4.0.
Me: would you like jelly on your bagel? "Only on 7/8 of it'"
Agreed. Twitter has very few rules, but that's one of them.
he a senior?
I know. He didn't come through for me tonight :(
Think $1bn is too much for Facebook to spend on Instagram? They probably bumped their value up 3-5% or more (that's $3-5bn or more)
Great to see open for Wonder on NYE! What a nice surprise!
rewrite if you have to but don't delete it all. Imma having to rewrite a lot. But it's gonna turn out fantastic! ;)
Holey moley what a catch.
Let's pursue our passion and purposes with every fiber of our being in 2012! Let's GET IT!!!!
Naps. No matter how short or long, I always wake up not knowing what the hell is going on.
This year's #SAGawards is so emotional! Viola Davies won female actor in a leading role, and her acceptance speech just made me cry. Aww
do you have any annoying brothers or sisters??
I think may have walled by while I was watching Captain America with our dad? He used to read the comics!
I like crotch canopy.
At the end he needs me, so sad smh!
Hey Macon, GA we hope that y'all will be swimming in "The Ocean" at our show and tying yourselves down to the "Whipping Post". Should be fun
Smoke till im brain dead whos coming to the burial with me. Not crazy just spittin unreal things. I slammed 2 planes in them buildings.
How you from Detroit, but you scared of the 'D'?
Who would have ever dreamed this back in November? #CUBuffs. Not me. Biggest Colo sports story of 2012. Way 2 knock Manning off page one.
Are legal considerations undermining efforts to improve collaboration, communication and openness?Is it standard practice these days to r...
What do you think? RT : I think how cool it wd b if had its own fireplace but since Bradbury wrote Faherenheit 451...
#np turn to you
Yes yes yes !!! RT : CAMOUFLAGE #BOUTONS !!!!
hi please follow me and im your top fan i have posters covers watch every episode all your videos color pink and purple
Good morning all, remember, never defined yourself by someone else's vision of you!
Can you just fucking go somewhere
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says "I'm possible"!" -- Audrey Hepburn
RT It's her Day #Giveaway! Follow + RT to enter to win a Sony Cybershot Camera, 32GB Memory & Digital Frame.
Masoli spins for the first down! That should wrap up the game barring anything crazy! Duck fans should start gearing up for the Rose Bowl!
Thanks for all the shout outs guys keep them coming and keep the follows coming I follow everyone back (((:
We will break out into the electric slide anywhere. At Taste of East Point with live band. The slide has started in da streets.
I always can...
Coach morris from the Tampa Bay Bucs got fired today..to bad..they lost their last 10 games of the season.
new website looks great-congrats!
I did it to myself..
yup. it makes their role clear. they aren't being talked-at or -to, they are invited to join the conversation.
On my way to work sleepy......
#movieswherebestwhen it was not based on the $, but based on good storylines and actors who cared about their craft!
thank you so much!!!
aye thanks man, and you're welcome! it'll be sweet if you told your friends about us! :)
Looking for food writers for regular gig about national trends in food/dining. Need a fun, accessible style. Tweet me examples.
Really... Everytime I come to Applebee's, Mr. Schaeffer is here. What the heck.
hurting today. Did not know Dave's nickname was "The Fish"...
New Year's Eve: Vegas or San Diego?
Interesting VM from a guy that wanted my biz. Unfortunately for him he failed to hang up, and now I have a great MP3 of him talking smack.
hope so haha:)
(spoiler alert) the physicist dancing was perhaps the most beautiful moment. "I'm a 20 year physicist, 2 day dancer."
answer: no
i just love having huge anxiety attacks one after the other
Some 435 people have attended the National Public Health Week Film Festival so far! Check out photos from opening night....
yo that vegas lights still for sale
I still get butterflies ^__^
Your feedback is greatly appreciated. Get in touch with us on the forums or email us. We are always looking to improve our services.
RT Watching pepper-spray video, our 6YO says "those police should be arrested." Out of the mouths of babes.
what! No I am DEF still in the business. My commercial I did should air in February and I have some big things coming up:D
Monday, you are brutal and I'm going to spit in your eye.
what's up player how hell are u
Once again in regards to those direct msg's. #DONTOPEN! We didn't send them & apparently if you open them they'll be resent to your contacts
Looking for a great volunteer opp to build your resume? Check out what the world's largest music festival has to offer!
re-tweet, I keep forgetting! I'm getting on that now. Though I need to do some more major writting I'll fiddle with this for a
feeling alone
DREAMS AND NIGHTMARES
true..this version of bcs is crap, but at least they give us 1 v 2. That was not the case before.
Where's your belief? Lol! I've got a trigger finger, so you better not flinch, J-C!
So tired. But glad tomorrow is the last day till spring break. :)
Wide awake so much running through my mind :(.
They gave AP the money that would have paid for the roof, bring a jacket!
I heard was a total tool
add for a lil southern rock jammin :) I'll be there regardless
this is so real
I knew I should have left you the car tonight. Don't worry, I'll make it up to you...even though I didn't ditch you.
I'd love that too!! Will coord a "after kids are asleep visit" very soon!
I feel like ima wake up in a very upset state
Sounds good.
This white dude at work wanna take me out.. I just might lol
??hope kidding RT : I'll admit it: I didn't think we were gonna get him. I thought he would expire first. That'll teach me to
SILENCE ! If feels dumb, then I allow it! But, if they bow to I may send them a picture to comfort them
Welcome to our new follower:
I filled in for the Children's Services Librarian for an hour. The YA new book shelf = Wow. So many to read.
im not hung over I just wanna sleep
- Sounds like BEST DAY EVER!
I'm starving, I can't wait to see you. Yo tengo comida ahora.
I deserve to breath If I wasn't on my grind it would b. Hurting me bc me getting money is an emergency - SMG
wait aren't you from Visalia?
Citigroup made $102b in revenue in 2011. Citibike is costing them $41m. Just some relatively cheap advertising.
what row are you sitting in? :)
Just donated 50$ to your beard, keep up the good beard growth, and the good play
I know, wtf? I just sent you an email. If the links I sent are silly and obvious, sorry. The band crush site's pretty good.:-)
“: Thanks Trevor! We're just wrapping up :-) See you next week? #FurChat” definitely!
CD release tour: New Orleans jazz fest, Cleveland,Detroit,NY,Portland,San Francisco,Seattle,Bakersfield,Pittsburg, and more- check my wsite
I wish everyone a happy Easter with friends and family
Draw Something is really making me question my drawing abilities, especially playing against lol
That last tweet made no sense, but I hope you can make sense of it. But seriously, someone just like… let's go on a date.
Thx you too!
also I love you, as a hetero Asian/Cajun American
Anyone else having a tough time walking? I thought it was a good idea to bike commute today after running the half-marathon yesterday.
Nobody got slap like us.
I feel like playing shuffle board again, Soon.
Q3) PSSN - Performance Support Social Network = The Google and The Twittah
Short lived.
thanks, asshole. The short stubby one.
Oh I'm Alexis hi lol
Jk I have to give it back to
Score!passed evening school for french. Hope I get to see the boyfriend hoy .
This is the day of the week I dread most
TOO HOT.
/throws helmet RT : Girardi was speechless re: Bucknor's terrible call: “That’s a big play. ...”
hey cor!! Miss you too!! And things are the same. How's Florida??
and their middle names
I miss you kids ): hang soon please!? (: p.s. come see hairspray!?
Man 2 chainz cant rap for shit but he makin money doe
Oh, Wanda, you are always so awesome to me. Likewise.
I'm all in.
Have I told you lately that I Love You?
Almost done with my project report for #OpenSource #GIS class. Oh #archaeology !
Get that sloppy shit outa my face
The task of art today is to bring chaos into order. ~Theodor Adorno
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action. Benjamin Disraeli
I sware everyone is going into or is already in a amazing realtionship then theres me ...
Thank you so much for the RT! <U+263A>
If a girl texts you first you should feel very special.
4 flats in 2 months - get a new tire? new wheel? new bike?
hey it's my pleasure, you're putting out top quality content!
. thanks for the follow. What's ur favorite neighborhood in DC? How about your favorite destination for design pieces?
Bad habits are meant to be broken.
No, I love this stuff. I just like to hold it accountable.
": Fucking Hell. Am I really crying." Dont cry listin to some good music instead!
This bitch says reprogram his number so we can go on a road trip. All four of us. Lmao man I'm Gucci. I spoke to you you didn't answer...
Hey, #thisamericanlife - please fact-check "The Jungle. Upton Sinclair is a big fat liar.
It's always a good day. Thx so much for your help! : Looking forward to Special Needs Fair! Fun times!!
Yayyy! Alice!!!! The first few are so 80s - enjoy!
lol it was cool hanging with u ur friend and barbie!
I already miss my ex-president () and ex-treasurer (). #DECAproblems #havingseniorfriendsproblems :(
This might be the weed talking but why don't flashlight companies use firefly technology?
Super Busy today !!! Great weather for our free Brunch Wine Tasting!!! Stop by and pick up your Easter Brunch Wines.
I've had 3 people tell me today that they saw the bear that's running loose in Verona. Catch it..... That's all I'm sayin'.
Also, I really like the fact that my 1000th tweet involed the phrase "instantly archival." Tryin' not to read too much into that
Not sure which is scarier? Fact that 4-15yr old boys are having an X-Box fest at the house all night, or the fact that one is mine?!!
Lattuca & Stark: "Thinking of curriculum as a plan encourages consideration of all of the major elements, rather than...singular aspects"
WOW This new method of trimming Im using is so much more effective! Thanks Team HOLISTIC HEALING & ALTERNATIVES! Have a Blessed Day Tweeters
used to be love drunk, now Im hungover...can't wait till Im sober =)
Updated FSA; advised my friends at work; ate an ice cream cone; doing most of my work, now, in the evening
We are 21 hours away from #Gamecock invasion in Fresno! Can't wait to see the women in garnet & black storm that court!
how...and you don't even know me...it wouldn't matter...I would jus be 1 less person the govt is killin off...
South First Friday Tonight in the downtown San Jose SoFA district. Free admission! #SJMQT open today until 5pm, then re-opens at 8.
Yeah. just got knocked out too on
Happy Bithday Pastor Miles!
the other 18 are condom iPhone cases.
Heidi, the Outsiders, and BSC, among others! ": We want to know--what was your favorite book growing up?
dribble it girl ;) #BigFreedia star
Scream and shout..
And i do love to practice
Early to bed, early to rise
“: I read your book Men and Sex-Power, Pleasure, Pain OMG what a good book. Finish in 1day.” awesome!
I highly enjoy the Folgers Christmas commercial with the weird sexual tension between the brother and the sister.
Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you!
Drew I HATE humidity but we should be used to it by now, right? (I am in Dallas.) It's awful to feel like you can't breathe!!
In the words of Einstein: A crazy person is someone who does the same thing over and over and expects a different result.
On UA83 from IAD to LAX... and so is former DC mayor Marion Barry!
Hi, have you met Ted?
No numbers in my pocket
oof. My postponement appears to have gone through...
..."There's a dialogic structure underlying the text, and through dialog we can access that." Social constructivist model of learning.
Lol. Who says this.... "Cold beds turn me on." ahahahaha wtf!?
Just got back from doing laundry....now nap time with him!!!!
are you taking senior sem in summer?
Only an alert and knowledgeable citizenry can complel the proper meshing of the huge industrial and military machinery of defens
Double shots of WORD!!! Lol
Gotta love rain in San Diego. No more half-empty lakes!
would love to meet you some day
oh that really sucks
I rep my town... I luv my city... But damn... We can b so unsupportive!
LOL omg I love u !
This is America, dammit! Airbrush!
hm forgot i was talking about that one
Finally saw Farewell My Concubine....must say, well done, long and different.
Busted a mean mission to cpt then Lynwood then south gate then bg then eastLos then commerce & back to Norwalk D:
I want to update my website, sit on the sunny porch w coffee, see what's happening downtown for 5/5, play some Skyrim. The day's too short!
Glad the refs are letting them play. Good game so far.
And by cuddle i mean naked cuddling.
#industry wants to know if #humanitiesPhDs can #translate their skills and passions
"Think BIGGER!" -
RT : Time to put away that Halloween costume and dust off your tackiest Holiday sweater. Then, join our Tacky Sweater Party!...
West Side apartment tower proposal sent to mayor - Baltimore Sun
Yes, following along from the NEH's Office of Digital Humanities in Washington, DC, USA.
Tell a man there are 400 billion stars and he'll believe you
of course
"There still twinkles in her blue eyes youthful lust for life which hard usage has failed to stifle."- ANNA CHRISTIE
I have a lot to do this next week so i'll try to get on here more next weekend (if you want to talk i'm on ) :)
Q6 Can you eat gluten-free without being in a specific gluten-free restaurant?
Woah! I just broke an iPhone in the Apple Store. Idk what to do with it.
lmaooo! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> I'm cooking for more people now ?
Don't forget to check out Jazz & Blues Under the Stars ((SATURDAY NIGHT)) with Michael Anthony Trio & Dan Dowling Trio!
I switched to beer so am doing a better job now.
this looks great! thanks!!
gtfo go to sleep
Thanks for the follow. Best of luck wrapping up your last semester at State!
oh no!! >___< hang in there Esther!!! *hugs*
I'm not sure about strategy...yet. But I do think it's time to start with mobile when developing web presence.
I mean havent you seen it?
Well done, well done.
Umm, duh. Be there or be ... elsewhere? LOL RT : You all do realize that KY plays Duke at the Georgia Dome next year?
want to see something funny? Go to YouTube type grandson gets brain freeze. It's the first one
Oops, scratch that. Sorry Marsha Ambrosious. I love your music. Listening to Far Away now.
No problem :)
Happy Birthday !!!
Jobs. Jobs. Jobs.
RT : Everyone Follow Bitch!
a couple of recent faves- Baghead and Cache.
Oh no! Are you okay?
to pick flowers, to tell tales, laugh away the morning, to drift and dream like a lazy stream and walk barefoot across sunshine days....
reality (blah) so video. Unfortunately not much of the work is film these days. My meter is feeling lonely.
#sacscoc About to begin afternoon General Session. Assessing Online Education with Kenneth C. Green and Ellen Wagner.
Last time we played them in the postseason we beat their ass!
YOUR SUCH AN AMAZING SINGER!!! ILY ! AND YOUR SONG " BEAUTIFUL YOU "
We are all prepping for Comic-Con this year....anyone else making the trip? What are you looking forward to?
Lol at this old man who just did a full speed sprint to get to his car..like the rain was going to melt him
The price is $100, for 6 local chefs and 8 courses, you won't get a better deal or experience!
Another fun day! I got tanner! ^.^
YOU'RE PICTURE IS BEAUTIFUL! :)
Hello Dallas :)
Mom: "Did you make it home OK ?" Me: "No mom. I died 7 times on the way"
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: a Mad Men Themed party that your friend DeShawn apparently can't come to.
They say I got groupies...but Savannah got hoes on deck.
Drink the pain away, but I still have no answers #Gorilla Zoe
What better way to celebrate hump day with free beer @ the Bayshore Rotunda 5:30-8:30 for the Chameleon launch! Food samples & giveaways!
I say it's like YEEEEAAAAA everytime I pick a check up!
I love you too.
punch him in the head. She's amazing
Can the entire cast of The Glee Project 2 (minus the girl in the wheel chair) be in the show? They are all amazing!
Now that is staying a Bill I think it is time to get a #13 jersey.
Thank You Joan
D3 is down and FFXI has maint. There goes my afternoon. :(
Can I get one new person who has never participated in #JustRead Tweet a book title you are #JustRead-ing?
its amazing how much random shit dora has in her back pack
Trying to change my background image and getting 500 server error. Anyone else seeing this?
Cano is eventually going to start hitting. . . and when that happens. I feel bad for the American League.
Oshkosh paper endorses Jess King!
do you have podcasts or another way to listen to past segments?
Have you taken time to laugh at Mac Miller today?
Please check out my story on Ten at Ten! Find out what people traded in guns for, and why it means so much to one local teen.
yeah, i don't know emm.
acts like you know justin bieber when you dont!
Elf is the best christmas movie ever.
Happy New Year's to all! I have excepted Gods Theocratic Order for Peace, Love, and Happiness as the only way of life!
Gonna try to get this job, but I'm kinda confused about the whole work permit issue :P
My. What will they think of next?
Gonna have a bonfire with my nephew
“: This flight is packed. Everybody is going to the fight or to bachelor party?” the latter
The comfortable beds with clean comfy sheets.
Headed to first Barre Bootcamp with Stay tuned for hilarity.
#Kobe is on fire!!
Fuck the camping ass homos on mw3
thanks for the info. Quickly found that out
finally some rain :)
Lichterman cites Gross 2009 on pragmatist mechanisms. great paper.
YOU ALREADY ARE ONE OF MY BEST FRIENDS!! DUH!!
Anyone care to respond? RT : Does anyone use ?
Realized how rough I looked when i got to school
"Return to the source of your inspiration." ~Brad VanAuken
Complex problems have simple, easy to understand, wrong answers.
Thanks for the RT the other day <U+2665>
Just ordered the Mosaic Records LP box of Stan Getz's Complete Norgran Sessions. Mosaic always has great sound and an informative booklet.
I love the smell of LAX in the morning. It's somewhere between desperation and shame.
: Oh, this should be easy, then! Check out the people I'm following, esp. My "Magnificent Tweeters" list. :)
Why did I have to mess up the beat thing in my life?
Wow this is great. Trying to move up in standings
I want a shirt that simply reads, "My mother is a fish." Either that or, "6. Except."
#cuse wins, 64-63! Really great game--low TOs, not much fouling, two well-coached squads...
UGH- Just UGh
Remember no matter how bad we think things get, there is always somebody worse off than us
Are you in the Dalls-Ft. Worth area? Send us a Tweet to say hello!
1) Remove the "bro" culture 2) focus on growing the game among minorities & low incomes RT What would you do to fix lacrosse?
San Diego
Ho! Ho! Ho! Our gift cards have arrived!! Receive a free $25 gift card when you purchase a $100 gift card! Happy Holidays!
And is the T-shirt provided or do you pay for it?
$2 well, wine and draft tonight in the SKYBOX from 4pm-7pm--See you all there!
Omg I almost hit this bitch wtf
Were off to a great start, we have had over 800 downloads of our lite version thank you all for helping to get the word out!
Don't agree with everything diane ravitch says but bravo for getting such a high profile speaker!
Big election day tomorrow. State supreme court and Milwaukee County Executive candidates on the ballot.
this guy
Is it weird that I kind of like him?
buy an ad-free subscription! SO worth it for the price, and plus less power to ads :)
Not a problem! Glad someone cares! Biggest issue is "can milw EVER win a title?" Should goal be a 50 win, 3/4 seed?
Dear Thank you so much for your time. It was great talking to you and we hope you enjoyed Blat.
Hey , what happened to your show tonight in Brooklyn? the site says it was cancelled, was looking forward to going
Perhaps if we never went off course we wouldn't fall in love, or have babies, or be who we are today.
my ass is about to experience 3rd degree burns lol
My mother's been raising me without no motherfucking help from a man. -JCole
just kidding.... I'm going to someone's house because my mom's cutting hair....
only during finals week at uic hahaha. sorry you got pushed bro.
Mongolian beef for dinner (homemade) and rice crispie treats for dessert! I have an excited kiddo on my hands.
Yes a girl can propose to a guy.
Sometimes, I apologize not because I'm wrong or you're right. I apologize because I treasure our relationship more than my ego.
hey shannon ;DD
Thanks for following back , very exciting.
Thanks for the Re-Tweet!
sorry not really a fan of terry richardson ;)
Just when I thought me in my biking clothes was going to be the most disgusting thing in the office today - Zardoz shows up to save me!
thanks c:
Does it have an official launch date?
IT, Engineering & Technical Freshers Jobs in India: IT: ( Freshers ...
y is there a pic of you on a motorized scooter?
Tonight for the Caps its win and go to game seven or go home
FOLLOW ME PLEASE<3
follow back? (:
When it's time to be a man we're not gonna show up!
FRI Dessert Lunch Special: Root Beer Float with Vanilla Ice Cream
The chick next to me on has watched Downtown Abbey and now Swamp People, all downloaded from iTunes. Huh?!?!
Tell all my friends I'm dead
A La conquista de mi alma mi alma mi alma a a a a
getting ready to head back to Atlanta....i miss the A
oh word where you stay at now
i know :) we don't live far <U+2665>
People are beautiful for who they are, not because for how they look outside.
I never knew that you can get bullied on twitter when that person is following you:(
dude my phone broke. no WORDS, no joy. i guess for now you win!
Problem solved Thanks for the awesome custom service! I appreciate the timely reply.
Staying focussed on the positive can be difficult when negativity surrounds us, but with determination and hard work anything is possible!
This rain storm :)
who knew! Lol ... Never leave mula on the table right!
you will be here this weekend
Does sharing experiences teach passion?
Oh, and be sure to tell your (many many) friends about OpenStudy! The more the merrier! :)
:looks like you had a blast. Now you guys have to perform in your home state N.C please.
Cab someone give me the name of the song tht they play "I m on my way"
Wait when?
honesty in relationships is always important. Nice.
Sorry I missed the pro-Foie rally today. For the record, I find animal rights activist who protest Foie & not fast food completely absurd.
haha i highly doubt shes gunna fly down to atlanta
Listen to 107.1 A1A and hear our ad on the radio!
Yeesh. RT : The youngest pitcher in the Brewers' organization is 21.
Why does that one strike your fancy?
RT #ZodiacFacts It's often said that a #Sagittarius is their own best friend and worst enemy.
Yeah I was hammered, what can I say? Sorry? No lol that's what happens when you go on vacay :/
thank you for coming to #SHiFt2012!
Keep looking everyday for my future #library job, #reference or #childrenslibrarian can't wait for the start of this amazing career.
Mfs out here fuckin on ANYTHING!
first nursery trip of the season! I think some spring plantings are in store
So tacky. Xtina picking her nails while Tony Lucca thanks all 4 judges for helping him. Obviously is the better man.
Website launching soon. Interested #actors, be sure to stay tuned for info on how you can #audition for the show.
lol damn right!! pure ridiculous American history and insanity
Nickelback Greatest Band ever
yeah man, let's just hope it stays that way. Everybody is "human" but in his case a scandal would be an epic fail.
real friends take each others weaves out.
The truth is in the double negative. ‘I'm no homo’ would mean the person is straight. ‘I'm not no homo’ would be the opposite.
FYI - You need to be able to prove that you purchased a ticket to the HFTwestival to win (ticket stub picture, conf. email screenshot)
huh? RT : Why do you think I hate Milwaukee? I love Milwaukee! I just think downtown could use a shave and a clean shirt.
Give non-perishable food items & help feed your community
Any thoughts on Irsay getting rid of Pollian(s) before Superbowl crowd shows? Coincidence? Not part of it but still a shadow on the team.
Watching some robot chicken before bed time. Let the good dreams begin!
#Lookup -- you're great just the way you are. #MyBiggestFlaw ? No way!
I think and in general talk about the same exact things everyday! Wack
its hot!
Monday Night NPR is doing a live broadcast and is going to call the Twilight. Please come in between 8pm-9pm to cheer for your initiative!
one year to grow my hair past my shoulders. starting now.
Heat transfer printing + manual printing = total access for all customers needs. Keep all jobs in-house.
Fever First Fridays | Classic 80s & 90s tunes all night long! | Free before 10pm | 9PM - 2AM | |
Do you hear people say "say honey I want to visit that city that was on the first 48"
You have! And they always look so good! But I am allergic to mint, so have never had one... :(
Geeked over new case fans? Taught you well, I have...
We are SO sorry it has been slow to load. We're working on it. Thanks for your patience. :-(
Waiting for that sweet, right guy to come along <3
forget drone journalism! drones for #qs; think of an autonomous robotic agent following me around collecting data :)
o ok cool girl i got u!
I sure will. Does anyone have any NYC hotel recommendations for ?
At Terry College in Athens today to talk to MBA students about marketing opportunities. Appreciate the invite and looking forward to it.
Do what you love; the money will follow. ~Marsha Sinetar
Come on you #NNS regulars! Get your rears to the front!
So tired, gonna go to bed, been reading Go Ask Alice all day, so sad but so good :D
I'm sorry to hear service was slow last week! How was your food?
Aim for success...not perfection. But always strive for perfection. there's a new quote we just made together! LOL!
Played the tourist over in the Bishop district. Great food and cute shops
Ready For Valentines Day ! <3
You're welcome. We look forward to your Tweets on what's going on in the #organic industry.
A good day with lots of auditions. Guest star on a series, Lead in a short and a Supporting role in a film. I'm covering my bases.
I complimented my friends mustache yesterday. Now she is mad at me.
RT : DYK there are now over 2.6 million breast cancer survivors in the U.S. today? That's more than any other group of cancer...
All we do at work is think about ways to make you feel really bad then immediately really good about yourself!!!!!
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
“I loved every second of it-looking at the pyramids upside down as we looped over them again and again"-LT 1st airplane ride
Kerry said at #iappsummit that international interoperability is not the same as uniformity; there are legal and cultural differences
Watch for me on KOIN TV today talking bicycling in
RT RT : That moment when your neighbors have their car blaring music and the bass is so heavy it starts shaking...
#thatawkwardmoment when you run into miranda pecks mom at the gas station and mr. kosbob at the comic store
We just had lunch at Pizza Fusion. And oh my god, that's the best Pizza I've eaten my life. The pizza was organic. Organic is the way.
No thank you.
I love Jennifer Aniston, holy shit.
Fine. I'll stop.
This is our decision to live fast&die young. We've got the vision, now let's have some fun. ;)
Just watched slient house gay movie ever!!
Better Tip: Use "EARTHDAY2012" at checkout and receive 10% off your entire order!
My friends always talked about it when they were drunk. No cows in Cleveland. Only the fat squirrels are out in Dec-Jan.
TI computers are fairly obscure. We lived in TX though. Even had the voice box plug in piece.
Will do.
it's 11:11. I wish to meet you one day.(:
Satan is the mess on the floor of our Soul... BUT cry out to Jesus and He will coming running... Continued next tweet
Awww thanks girlie! It's not until March 3rd but I get super excited and celebrate early! The last year I will be thirty-anything!
and i definitely just puked up all of my Red Robin.
The very substance of the ambitious is merely the shadow of a dream. ~ W. Shakespeare ...What does that mean?
“: bitch got scared when i asked if she wanted to find out.” lmao
We tried to ship it differently - trust me. We ended up eating some shipping costs. :) Hope you enjoy the stuff.
thanks for featuring our event last month. Our next event is April 15.
I thought u once said Peter, Barbara thought Paul, could have been Mary lol bad joke
Working the MVP Party at Lambeau then heading in for the game in a suite provided by Karl's Event Rental! Thanks much ! Go Pack!!
lol yeah u could tell i hope he never calls her >:( or next thing u no there dating D:
you're so hot !!!! Saludos desde Sacramento, CA. <U+E405>
We will be coming soon!
Bare Bowls in the Menil parking lot until 2PM--absolutely farm fresh lunch. Come into the bookstore for your Richard Serra catalog.
Way to keep the lead State!
why do i bother lolol
ur prettying amazing ;)
Before today, some of these people were already green.
happy new year (:
Why am I always waking up with the idea ...alright already make something new.. Do something , why are you just laying there!
:) btw i saw your email. good stuff. yay, you'll be back in a few weeks.
Got to catch up thanking our followers. Each new one, just like our fb page will be thanked by the band.
really? she was on teen mom? i will kill this bitch
i would rather use a pen !
We need one of these in Chicago this weekend!!
New Beat Up "I Go Hard" Go Listen/Download SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat Make Sure To Download "Pour Up" Push It To #1 On The Charts!
Honorary mention, hey I'll take it! :) Have a great weekend Lily!
#woohoo I'll ask what her schedule is :)
Someone I know gave me some nice Authentic VOL gear for you to wear next year. You'll be able to wear something new every week
Chen's shutout just got Mair'd
#Gizzi predicts next pres nom. from R side will be on the ballot not because it's their turn but rather it's their agenda.
Off toe see Foxy Shazam. In case you haven't.
kk i included a picture of the album as well and now i'm doing the warped tour/boozle thing
you still in town?
I don't like that.
BIG SHOUTS FROM LA SEN ! STAY UP HOMIE
you better be ready and excited! It shall be tons of fun! :)
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
And of course, both of those are subject to a little wiggle room and change as life progresses. :)
uh... Is that it's name? Cuz, um, that is definitely a guinea pig.
If you will be attahending Expo Transporte in Guadalajara, send us a message so that we can schedule a meeting with you.
i need 2b on dat same tip...
Spencer is so drunk
98 on accounting
Trying to reason with anyone who says "calm the f**k down" in response to your counter-argument is probably futile.
2 bad we couldn't get that.
Children have to be educated, but they have also to be left to educate themselves
Say Hola for me!
Why would you put up a RegWall to when I'm trying to learn about your product? UX skills should be mandatory for mktg ppl.
The less you give a fuck, the happier you will be.
uh oh!! I hope you get it done!
yall still giving rim jobs
When it rains it pours!
On track here. Lots of work but a great sandbox to be in.
well i dont have to worry bout anything
OH: There's no room for lies in those pants
was there an MLB lockout that no one told me about? Brewers starting 4 guys w/batting averages lower than Zack Greinke's .222
I am so glad I have Bikram Yoga in my life. What a treasure.
I agree Tom that's how my mother was murdered 21 yrs ago. Things still haven't changed!!
Did your lottery dreams go up in smoke? Then join "Law of Attraction" author at Peets Coffee in Denver's CCN this morning.
Sometimes I wonder how people come across my twitter
Soups of the day: Tortellini brodo, Ravioli Florentine, Chicken Pastina, Beef Barley, Lentil, Cream of Potato , Chicken with Orzo Pasta.!!
Can tell when there ain't shit happening on MY fb, I always end up back here for some reason.......
Doors for Hooterpalooza open at 5pm & showtime is at 6pm. Tickets for this bikini contest are only $10.77 at your local Hooters restaurant.
SEO your LInkedIn profile spell out acronyms and include key words
Today I have become self-aware. I suck. I'm a terrible person...and I am getting what a gave. Nothing. Too bad it took me this long.
Ready for people who are ready to "Own the Night"! See you tonight a Sandia Springs Lounge?
rock on.
after an hour of studying i better
Museum of Art and Design. Yea, I was severely lacking in Argento
Thanks Richie)))
I miss seeing 's Beautiful face!! I <U+2764> you!
Learned some great new words from the film "Extremely Loud...."
Our God never fails! Thank Him today for the little things He has blessed you. With in your life!
Fall asleep... Fall asleep... Fall asleep!!!!
I have to admit you got me on that one. Too tired and we have to head up to LA later today.
Great catching up with everyone this week and meeting new friends.. but it will be nice to finally be home.
Think Quick: Fender vs. Gibson? Discuss
oh my god im dying, seriously that was the funniest thing i have ever seen omg
Kindness can become its own motive. We are made kind by being kind. -Eric Hoffer
now Dakota why would say something so mean the sweet Carolyn And I ?
The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.
keep them likes coming!!
The one thing that always gets me through a Monday is ___________.
Now let's bash Kobe like they do Lebron... Right!?
#JustinBieber is at Liberty Plaza right now www.livestream.com/globalrevolution
So envious of John Peel's record collection it makes me want to barf.
lol im prob not going to bed till twelve ...im such a procrastinator
Thanks for the nice mention!
well Im on a steady regiment of aids jokes daily out here and start at the brewery this. Maybe summer. Or come out here dude!
You're the gif mater. Make one of PV punching that Gatorade sign after Chicago scored.
.... Getting in one of the last workouts until I'm Boston bound. Who is going to the Jay Cutler Classic this Sunday?? See you there!!!!
Its #tacotuesday...how y'all doing?
You realize if we played by the rules right now we'd be in gym?
Great work as always...
Josh Hamilton, awesome work. Oh by the way, do the #Padres play the #Rangers this year?
Dane County #FarmersMarket Wednesday! What fresh, local produce do I want to pick up today? :)
Great meeting you yesterday ! What apps do you use for Twitter on your phone?
happy mothers day mama. mahomies love you! <3
"i'd go straight for you" > best thing a homosexual can say to you
Just emailed....you totally still get a prize! :)
What sophomores gone be Gs and come to school tomorrow?????
This is something that is currently in the development pipeline...we are cranking on Version 2 right now! Thanks for the input!
First California Company, Jamestowne Society: One of Our ...
agreed I LOVE the spice girls
same here, how fast do you think someone goes after him for their school
Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Who's got the Luck of the Irish today!?
I an going into solitude for a few months. I need to achieve so many goals, so until then goodbye..
Who can I talk to regarding my inferior Poulan Pro string trimmer?
so your district is essentially split several ways and the southern Polk seat is all that's left it appears.
lets do a trade.
I'm up like I don't have work
MUST<U+2665>Follow
Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Just over the channel. You can come swimming to me.
Agreed, and thanks for doing the presentation part :)
ya all have a blessed day fams
let support know about the issue. They will follow up with you
RT had a great time in TX the last 2 days. Cowboys, Saints and Texans all have talented rosters
Man im so cool living with my mom going to a community college and being a virgin #haha good thing i don't care what people think
RT : The investment in structured metadata more than pays for itself over time
#DJS that need drops, music or mixtape hosting from send script or info to
The Oscars were so fun + fabulous! I would swap anything for Mila's lavender dress. How about you, which starlet would u love to swap with?
Thanks for the retweet!
Just listened to John Coltran's "Equinox" track and heard myself say as loud as anyone speaking to themselves, "that's a smoking hot track!"
never seize to amaze me, just found the perfect gift for a friend that I can't find anywhere else!
Never ever give up !!! Remember you are very important to someone always !!!
Tip #175: Figure out what inspires you. Is it something you listen to, watch... read? Is it a particular person?
what will be your first line ? Vicccttttorrrr I'm home ? Or did that just work with Ricky?
will be giving away the VIP passes this week. Listen to win.
haha I look forward to seeing you guys in no pants with beer in hand. Notify me time/place and I will be there to marvel
I hate when someone invites me somewhere then acts like they don't want me around
: ) RT : We are the answer to 13-down in today's crossword.
WELCOME TO THE TWITTERSPHERE! Everyone follow my boy Matty's new Twitter page!
One phone call with him brings me back to my senses. He's my voice of reason and my best friend.
Sometimes I have no idea what emotions to feel.
At home now processing pics after an awesome two day photo shoot International airport.
I do that often. Keeps it silky smooth. Lol
If kills I'll kill... something NBC likes... Leno, I guess.
and you would be nothing without my presence in your life
The podium at the city council is clearly not designed for children. Too tall
“: RT if you wish that cancer would get cancer and die.”
I'll be shocked if it happens.
I wish I had a relationship like Kanye West has with Kanye West.
Love playing with +Google. Might be a fight between that and FB - wait and see. #+GooglevsFB
First NYRR race of 2012! In the heights.
We're in the same city! I'm sorry I missed you! I hope Mommy will rub her belly for me!
sausage egg & cheese sandwich with a side of strawberries
so like im n the library...missing u lol
Guys think of girls as books. If the cover doesn't catch their eye, they won't even bother to read what's inside.
it was good stuff. Keep it up!
Girls are so fuckin nasty these days. Smh.
At the outnetwork event at northwestern! Keep up the good work
Well said!
hey now.
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!47
Find a "Super-Cute" gift for that special Chick in your life ONLY at Chika Chika in the Galleria at Sunset in HENDERSON, NV!!!
“: The main reason I want summer to come so bad is so I don't have to get up at 6:30 everyday -___-” I get up at 5 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
More importantly, when do we start our BLOCKBUSTER MOVIE POOL?
You can tie-in celebrity names with a press release. WAHL Clipper Corp sent one with results of a WAHL Facial Hair Survey. Clooney won.
Wayne Boich | Views On Liberty
Happy Birthday !!!
We're not alone RT : BREAKING: Metro has approved a fare hike that will start July 1. Story to come.
I need to do my homework but I just wanna sleep <3
she's on your mind
In honor of this exchange, I am playing the album right now.
I don't think it's an accident that there's a Florida Flamingo on that album cover....
are you watching the #ThundervsLakers game, too? #ThunderUp :)
got 2 million downloads in a day
Got Sent Home Frm Work Ova Sum Petty #IDGAF Doe
I get excited when I get twit mentions.. its like FINALLY someone acknowledges me!
That'll make em easier to spot though! Ha
That would be cumbrous cumulative tendency
iPhone has been dead for 5 months
Slay the beast!
Saddened to hear of passing.
Super mad that temple run is "incompatible" with my phone! I have one of the best Android phones out!
how much did you freak out about alek and chloe??? I had to ask because I was so happy haha
So tired.
Car dead. 250,000 miles. Could thia be the end?
Rite now I feel like I'm ready to go anywhere they pay me to n 2 years Imma b telling em where to send the checks
it goes...you too boss.
#SouthCitySyndicate will be in full effect tomorrow night to watch go for 8-0-0! south!...assemble!
me to. Hes amazing and his laugh is adorable!
We are in week #4 of Off-Season phase 1 w/ the HCC Mens Returners. What I am impressed w/ is the energy brought 2 each workout has not faded
Hope you had an amazing birthday !! Love you
Chess pie is a southern thing - it has a plain custard-like filling. Those scones sound great! Love cherries, but so expensive!
Hey Febreze, I don't believe you....that room looks like it STANK & no febreze could cover it up. :/
Twitter got hacked my bad. Haven't been on all day
Convinced another person to buy tickets for #Wits. Comedy + music + engaging banter = easy sell.
Heading to the store to purchase some new drawers
haha yeah go to pets palace on goldsmith lane off of bardstown... trust me haha
Wilco and Nick Lowe are performing I Love my label together in Raleigh.
Your hot!! From Eric in ny :)
And my summer school class is being cancelled. My periodic unemployment looms considerably larger than it did mere moments ago.
told her too early to be cooking for him & having him meet family.
I would if I wasn't in school :P
Have a good night sleep.
Excited to celebrate Bridget & Tyler and & John today!
Thanks for the follow friend!
No, Betty did her. RT So I lost touch. Did Archie ever bang Veronica or not?
i think i was pepper sprayed last night...
Chesapeake CEO McClendon Got Wachovia Financing Three Weeks After Chesapeake
Awesome! I think you'll dig it
emma o stilly's face is sorta weird looking.. I'm not saying she's ugly for all you stillnators ok
Jazzed for #CoFLA after great call w/ fellow session participants Thx for bringing together!
Happy Twanniversary, you early adopter. :) I just had my 4th earlier this month.
You were following me and then you stopped. Not nice at all ;)
I hadn't seen that! Thanks for the head's up!
Happy Friday!!! God woe me up so its gonna be a great day. Smooches
We have been working with Mr. Crumb for many years and will be premiering his newest work in 8 days! Many CDs available
u called me boy?
I know u have problems but I have feelings too
i burped && smoke came out
Alright well I guess we can give one to the lakers in boston, no more though! Let's go celtics!!
No catch. No fine print :) All the books in our online library are free to read.
That's awesome, good for you!
lol my bad
Why only half?!
I love you. <3
awww so beautiful! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1><U+263A> my cats orange too lol
Looking for some good new music. Any suggestions?
Omg. On a prop plane. I'm terrified. Here we come, Maker's Mark.
SUCH good advice. It always makes home cooking so much easier!
Piano time!:)
BUY YOUR GROUPON FOR INDY BOOT CAMPS TODAY FOR A GREAT DEAL! www.groupon.com/indianapolis
C'mon now...too many misses! Not impressive when u try 8 times
Amen“: Adlerism: Too many opinions can spoil your loft. Trust your gut and your gay BFF.”
Giant Panda Guerilla Dub Squad, Phil Naro, & Greener Grass Band on The Sunday Night Shakedown tonight! 8-11pm on 98.9 The Buzz!
Whatever happens from now on, let it be something we will always remember.
Great show Live from the main Greenhouse of the Jardin Botanique de Montreal (Butterflies Go Free)! Thanks for the interview!
Money can buy you friends, but they probably won't be very good ones. Same goes for Twitter followers. Seriously, #StopTheSpam!
Word of the Day "Bombat" Pompous or pretentious speech or writing.
its a blessing being in demand...u have much work to do...u r chosen
Challenge that bitch!
Omg this lighting is rlly scaring me it keeps shaking my bed.
yeah but they're workin with like 9 acres and they're probably Canadian. We're working with a smaller yard/budget & Philly weather.
I wish someone would txt me back... ugh!
In order to prove I'm responsible enough to own a puppy I just lost our cat. Sorry
Walking thru the the planet hollywood when all of a sudden guy in a costume runs by saying va jay jay coming thru. Haha. Like a thug #th ...
everyone should go follow !!!!!!!
I knew I smelled horses in china town!
Giving thanks to our Creator for honoring our gifted talents bestowed upon our jeweled crowns of universal destiny saluting Ori. © dmp
Can you Please follow me??? your amazing (:
Thanks! I wasn't gonna call til 2moro anyway. Just wanted to get it b4 you & Ryan crashed.
I'm so fucking itchy I want to die.
newest song on my iPod... Glory by
There's no place like hometown for the holidays!
Ha! We can put that quote on the back ad.
Awh thanks boo boo. :) I miss you!
is my secret weapon
s/o doing great, Andri! Same goes for u...
I settled for Milano mints lol
Kyle Stanley - Looking forward to you spending some of your millions here in Gig Harbor. Come back soon for a "Meet the Champion" event.
' That nap was Hella good :)
Wow first time watching Derrick Willis play and you can't breath on him wrong without hearing a whistle.
read: darker, older, smellier. Been there. Not impressed by the arena. Fans are what make it great place for a game.
Agus an céanna a thabhairt duit :) RT : May you always have a cool head and a warm heart.
gonna go visit my grandma :)
oh no! I had a friend who also just lot their pup. It's heartbreaking. I hope your parents are doing ok.
you don't sound like anyone Iknow. must have accidentally tweeted u...certainly steering clear now, whew!
im lost
Update on fair use from ARL -- Fair Use Best Practices for Academic Libraries releases today.
He say it's fucked up I love another man u fault u once had me n fucked up time after time he luck up n I'm stuck
night toots--didn't even see you out and about tonight. Catch up soon ;)
is studying lines while not in the scene! :D Thank goodness for breaks :D
I'm so proud of all of us.
thanks! are you going?
Car fire on the block behind our house. Strange place to park a car. Fully engulfed by the time I could get there.
I did! My niece and I are psyched for the maze.
yea where is it I wanna watch it too
that's a good look bruh
Researching a bio note & found this: "He ran into foolish & wanton delights, as sports & past time, music & dancing": Positively scandalous!
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 1
Drinking and really enjoying 2009 Chardonnay. Tart flavors, nice acidity, and balance from California. Love it!
U know what, I'm over it that I'm not still in California for the mint show today. I had my own mint show on Tuesday night. Lmao
I think it would be a good start, if we can keep these people honest and keep them from grabing powere for poere sake
morning to ya too luvz ^_^ I SWEAR I SAW YA BF IN queens 2weeks ago on the A train when I went to get my throat tatt lol
I just hope u miss me when I'm gone (Drake) voice
When friends ignore friends u gotta wonder why. And as ur missing them u begin to see how important friends are!
Happy Admin Prof Day! I thanked our Dept Admin with some items I wish I could eat! If I didn't have a #peanutallergy I would want to eat...
hey thanks for the foolow.
Thank you! And yes, what better way to celebrate than share some local delicacies;
hehe... I'm familiar with that scenario.
I have 11 properties with tenants in them and I'm looking to unload them by 5pm today huge cash flow opp DM me
Overly annoyed right now..
We won't tell your boss if you try one of our new martinis at Lunch.. They do it in Mad Men, right?!
I will if you follow me?(:
Up late composing a list of things I have to un-think about.
Exactly, Colleen. Exactly.
Rough tough cream puff?! Whatever ... suave is more like it!
how's it hanging man?
#ThatMomentWhen the one you have been admiring from a far calls just to talk <3
Almost forgot! Happy Pi(e) day!
per , right to call for a recount is only for gap betw #1 & #2, #3 finisher cannot call for recount (even in runoff situation)
i was just thinking... why did you actually use yolo in a sentence earlier?
Looking forward to the gala tonight at the #DC Building Museum for the World #Environment Center #sustainability awards.
i'm in need of a hot place
Tastes like
hahha nah it's cool! I'm a senior in high school. But ima graduate in like 3 weeks :)) u like college?
Go Blazers!!
Yes we are! We have been & are currently located in Alb. serving all of NM.
Does anything smell better than a new comic book or freshly opened pack of Magic Cards? I'll help you out, the answer is NO!
Happy Bday to my friend and coworker ! #goodluck today!
Why don't you put your freak away before you hurt somebody
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE BEST MOMS IN THE WHOLE WORLD ESPECIALLY MY MOM! :)
That CoolStory_Chaz kid <<<
Woke up to news of Mo's torn ACL. Devastating. Day can only get better?
Hi GES All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Looking forward to todays #NEC3 event in Manchester. Good mix of clients, project managers and delivery partners due to attend,.
In some circles Salsa means Jazz. Check out any track by Eddie Palmieri, Mongo Santamaria or any host of master salsa musicians.
": can I get white wine wasted at dinner tonight? and then white rhino blasted after? please & thanks."God I love you :)
Yeah, I'll be there! It's definitely a trippy record!
is it bad that when I read this and it said "walker" I was thinking walking dead??
hit me when you get down here
it's what?
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 8
did you have any luck? Finding your tweet on tv?!
It took me 3 days to send that e-mail...and I spent 3 hours editing it & the attached materials. -___-
lol ,you fight for what you love<3
love it!
are you at the desk by yourself today?
Tomorrow is the big day! Cant wait to start a new chapter in my life
FOLLOW ME!!
Idk i just do lots of hash tags i guess
I just finished downloading the Qu'ran, if you want I could burn you a copy.
Thank you Joseph for the support ---Wishing you the best. Loved lunch with Chebre----Cynthia Harris
I said I'm high too bitch quit grabbing my T-shirt
Watching Boyz n da hood on AMC. Forgot how good this movie is.
Another reason to loathe #ChrisChristie: TRENTON, N.J. (AP) - NJ Gov vetoes bill allowing same-sex marriage a day after Assembly passes it
Sorry! We forgot our coffee this morning :) See you Friday!
You've won 2 tickets to Food and Froth this weekend! DM you details on where to pick up. Congrats!
damnn !!! time to wake up n get to work =/ pce
Louise Shelley, TRCCC, GMU at #ISOCDC roundtable on Transparency and Corruption. TRCCC Web site in Vladavostak was to getting M hits/mo
Let's see where the hell I am.
The font “Sans-serif” had several names in the past. Some of which are Egyptian, Antique, Grotesque, Doric, Heiti, Lineale, and Simplices
#itsawkwardwhen you fall asleep at a holiday party that you're hosting and everyone is watching you snore
no one could he's too presshhhh
oh no. I'm sad too! I can totally give you a refund but don't have computer with me. Maybe by the weekend? We'll miss you.
Oh no...Mercury is going retrograde in 2 days for 3 weeks! Will prepare myself for unexpected equipment malfunctions and miscommunications!
I got locked outside for peeing in the kitchen and I don't even remember doing it.
If y'all don't RT this then u must not like #OneDirection and #CodySimpson tweet me 143 if tee love 1D and Cody
how much r the tickets?
“: god morning” great morning fam have a great day
Clowning doucheBag losers on the regular
Oh the joys of flying standby... Thank goodness for portable media!
Now we can tweet at our clinics on Sunday and keep you updated minute by minute!
"Hey, I'm not here to judge." -Gloria Allred on her show 'We the People' where she serves as a judge.
hell nah I'm still in OH
that you see people from hs on eharmony ?
I want to go to Ultra Festival in Miami so badly : /
Agreed! Perhaps meet over coffee or lunch? Talk soon!
that is true. Thank you! :)
One of the things I like about our temporary stay in Cincinnati are these red cardinals that hang out in our backyard.
sorry for the late response. Next game is Thurs
I fucking give up okay
I vote Eric's
SHOUTOUT to the amazing thx for RTing me! aye people go and follow
is my other tweet factory that is used and abused more. This account is for our bubble gum badge 13 years in the making at
You too rock :) Would Woof to the heavens to be at your dinner tables :) Gn kindsters 7 tY
wow - when did you send me this -- I love this
RT : Ppl contine to Tweet like 1) She's actually the one Tweeting. 2) like plowing is an On-Demand service.
Bracket busters everywhere
I'm so glad I'm such a huge fan and supporter of yours. You're so amazing, and I can't wait till June 3rd! Hell yeah. <3
About to get man handled by hehe
Are video games getting worse, or am I getting more bitter? Either A money-grabs, or "quirky" indie takes on the platforming genre.
NCAA investigators inquiring about a Calipari recruit? I mean, I'm completely shocked. Compared to the Bo Ryan's of the world, Cal's a saint
isn't tat christian music??? LOL
It is called passion Todd! Nothing like #BBN!
Makes you wonder what was below, or if kitty just didn't realize it had added a few lbs. :) Thanks for the follow!
From Paris in Dec. to perfectly sunny Austin, counting down days until mid-January, when I'll return to the NY Studio School.
yikes lol. Well I live in oak creek lol
Today I am staffing the / Coty event in Bel Air. Very glam! :)
Thanks for the S.O. Glad you enjoy the service as much as we enjoy feeding you!
Fuck yeah, Tim! #SFGiants Coincidentally, I've been wearing my Lincecum T-shirt all day in #LA. Go GIANTS!
Hey! Get your own idea!!
Watching people get #Punk'd
Pineda asks, "Siri, can I re-injure my shoulder by lifting Domino's pizza to my mouth?"
YEAH YOU RIGHT ! ha time to get the fuck out this place for a week
Standing in line to get into the ceremony. Gates open in 2 hours. Bone chillingly cold.
OH WELL U BETTER GET A GOOD LIL BUZZ OFF DAT WINE CUZ I PLAN ON BEING ALL DA WAY OUT CHA YEEEAAHH
Just responded back..... it's like you were in the room!
On the inside looking out when I should really be on the outside looking at the truth. What u want is sometimes not what u need..
oh man i was going to watch that last night but wasnt home at the time. i ll dvr it next time its on
80 degrees in the A. The main reason to live here.
You are very kind! I will pass along your well wishes to Saz!
im laying in bed too haha
Unfortunately those went fast. Sorry!
Your dumb! Is this better?
« Man I wish my grandma was here.... I miss her so much» me too rip gma
Thanks for the follows! and and and and ! Have a great day!
Good morning pimps n tricks!!! Make it a great day!!!
I know it! Thanks! Have a great weekend.
ty, we r in a big battle, & ima fraid what cld happen 2 blake if they decide to yank him frm us..
lol I'm so hormonal
Abs...pilates...then yoga. Need some #kangen water now.
ya somos dos :S
hope you are having a wonderful morning, sir!
Take a knee. Jets new theme song "Timmy and the Jets."
oh yeah.!! Day two of operation walk.! Lol see you there
I wonder if Robin will mind having my 7-foot statue towering over him?
To celebrate the death of Bin Laden, we are happy to announce that all final exams tomorrow are officially coming with little flag pins.
I'm going to take a risk.
RT Maaaaannn I am so blessed to have my mom! God took his time and out did himself with this angel! I know Wat u said tl
Jogging! Sounds horrifying! :)
Fruita next year... So many bike races, so little time...
Wow. *tear* Thank you for that...you are such a gem. Love you and can't wait I see you in NYC. Xoxo
Means says 22 calibre shells not found on an individual. Asking Capitol be vacated for security check.
Thank you to anyone who listened to us this semester, even if it was just once. We'll be back in late January, so stay tuned for updates!
I was considering just not wearing pants today.
no worries!!
Checking out twalala.com - very cool!
what happens when a player tells another player "whatever you bet I call"? Is that binding? Cash game tourney does it matter?
Nigga, where you at!?
It wasn't. It was awesome in the moment, but really boring to watch now...like Simon Cowell.
Then, I drove to the Flying Saucer, ordered two monster pretzels with cheese, a couple of Yuenglings, and an order of wings. Gluttony rules!
2 more months & my godson will be here I'm too juiced .
Gonna fire up the GRILL if this rain stays away! Cousins cue! Hell yeah!
Yeah. Pool running would be perfect! Keep same cadence as running and heart rate should match.
Having a blast with and !
Going to bed. School then work tomorrow grrrr -_-
REMEMBER Game Night is a fundraiser!!! The menu will be for a minimum purchase in support of A.Y.S.!! The winner will be announced Sept. 24
My New Motto : Life's a bitch. Be its pimp.
Morning Becomes Eclectic. The M-F 9AM-Noon music program.
We've got free bingo tonight at 7
Lakes Region Community College Offers Real Estate Investing Course
let the celebration begin!
Still in Twitter jail>?
Thanks for introducing me, good stuff!
It should be others too.
Plotting the next three weeks of class. Exciting.
at work bored, daydreaming of some "pussy"
should've kept RunRickyRun... Fins loss, Ravens gain... SUPERBOWL!
let's hope didn't get fired!
watching parking wars. It is so funny watching ppl get pissed off cause they have to get a ticket.
It's 2011 people, if your website is black bg with white text you deserve no hits.
Stay safe!
were doing good but not great.
that's such a great feeling. Good job!!
I don't get why when guy's flirt with other girl's and their in a relationship, girl's automatically blame the other girl.. Are you stupid?
Both? Some libs use multiple retrievals from offsite as criterion to repatriate to campus, esp if steady over time vs spike
So hungry D:
I was being hella sarcastic but I like Mela she cool lop
What a great show at #caworld! Some great keynotes and sessions and met some great people. #FiberLight had a great show
morning babe (:
it was meann!
Blue Heron sighting!
abercrombie took those pants off their site quick
My Video Talk !New horizons!! I'll sen the link join me in my vision to be more!!
Paul's supporters are ever-present on school grounds; his name scrawled in chalk on every wall, his cultists never relenting.
I will see yo face today! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> #cantwait!
Give me a #shoutout and I'll give you one back!!!! :)
my stereo receiver is downloading/installing a software update. what a time to be alive…
Congrats! Enjoy that nice new website smell!
Welcome to my new Viking range. I wonder how long it will take us to figure out how to have it hooked up?
Sad news to announce: DC has one less pigeon (or one more maimed one), because of my bike tires.
I hope #bullymovie will come to Germany too. Thanks for your continued support!
Our major supplier is Bryant/Carrier , hope this helps. Visit kewlaire.com
Am pumped!!
Had a wonderful day with all the women and with They all left looking and feeling beautiful:)
What is the purpose of network television when you have the Internet?
T.S.G.M.L coming soon
The money is in brooklyn, ny near the intersection fulton st & rockwell ave
Hello #libchat - ters. First time here. MLIS student and elementary school librarian. Not even sure how all this works.
Chris, I'm in LA right now. Hit me up via Twitter on Monday of next week and we'll schedule a meeting, cool?
Our budget is the only one that didn't pass last night. Fuckin' sad.
Your eyes tell your pain </3
I walked to get lunch today and I'm pretty sure most people thought I was albino.
Captain Planet, hes our hero. Gonna take pollution down to zero! The choice is YOURS! My sis & I were all over that show back in the day
tossing & turning. Just want to go back to sleep.
Check out the purple booth#716! FREE Massages & goodies at the #LAMarathon Expo!
I have turned heel I guess.
seems like all the more reason for one to escape.
Sophie that sounds amazing!
let's get to it then
Hey guys! We would love to bring the bike by sometime and maybe make you a destination for our tours! Lets chat!
I know. It's so cool!
The entire universe is a mere illusory projection upon the one Reality.
24 hours to go
A great big thank you to everyone who visited us last week in Orlando.
If states paid full cost for everyone that would be inefficient subsidy of many affluent families.
She all on my Instagram. olee
I personally think a bunch of dudes would buy them and wear the hell out of them at the gym.
big money!!
Rookie Patriots Ridley is making the Jags D look ridiculous...I love it..
How the days r moving fast. Have to do something to slow them down before we loose track of time
We think your son would pick a really stunning chandelier and some tile =)
Less than 2 hours until the kickoff of the first DoubleD Wednesday! Double POINTS!
A nuchal scan FAQ - Pregnancy Questions
That second to last picture is my favorite thing in the world.
hell..even the pressing from 2005 is like $40+ w/ shipping from EU
My favorite part of the day is when I receive my emails. eek!
I shelve in my library! I find it relaxing, and I like shelf-reading to make sure everything's in place.
#USWNT getting fired up in the last minutes.
The ability to be in the present moment is a major component of mental wellness.
Done and done :)
I can't wait to see what is like after he retires
Haven't really tweeted since my birthday on Friday.
No, no. The texture paint goes first. Gotta fill in the holes to get a smooth surface
Agreed! The music video killed me haha
Not impressed with the summer jam line up.
Always a compliment.
BOL you need to sit down !
oh really now? Pretty sure I'm cheering for the right team..you, on the other hand, are not.
": Coming home next weekend" Whoop2x!!!!!
right. You told her to tweet it..?
Making some big plans right now... I will tell you later!!
Is ass trending right now lol
follow back
RT At ballys they should have never created the exercise pullups cuz I'm going in
#ilikeyoubecause your swag is the dopest and you know how to make a queen feel like a queen.
You are very welcome! I hope my tweets add value and valuable info for your day.
hit me up on here when you get to the crib
Went to a wedding shower on Sunday-wishing well was recipes! Gr8 idea! I gave them my fave Chicken Marsala with sides & wine suggestions.
Follow back me! is a Awsome account related to Watch porn online!;P
Alfred, you know #Batmans Homeboy
Mamba! Hard to believe.. are still in this game!
Chicago misses you!
#PinkTip Get it in writing. Deals done by handshakes can result in bad situations later.
Good luck on your move!
I just hope I can get home in time for the start. I might have to head home "sick"
A divided Congress & recovering economy has helped prevent that. I'm voting with 4.2M #jobs which means
Google form is simple to use. For more complex questionnaire I prefer Qualtrics (for which UTD just got a site license).
Yay!“: Revitalization of downtown Las #Vegas moves on! City approved 2 move into old city hall THIS MONTH.#Vegas”
Chicago Business Barometer Surges To 64.0 In February - NASDAQ The Chicago Business Barometer rose to 64.0 in February, well above expect
Cujo in my pants! IT in my pants!
Honestly when I first got on Twitter I thought "Sarah would love this."
NO Artest or MWP as he's called =hard time shutting people down in high altitude...
After hitting a bomb just barely foul early, Joe Mather leads the #Cubs to the win after he belts a homer in 9th, exciting the freezing fans
You ain't got no YEEZY!
Gonna look @ my eye lids lolz stayed up all night 4 a test ats on THURSDAy soo now I got a head start lolz Good Night Tweeps :)
Omg I can't believe you got and me such a nice present! :)
What is wrong with this draft crowd? Who boos at every single player that is introduced. New york sucks.
Where? Who? You've been where? With who? M... Foreal Really? That's how you feel askin all them questions askin all them questions
Hey everyone!
They're here! Our ED admits are becoming fast friends on Facebook, posting 24 hours/day. Which means I need to disable email notifications.
:O feel better. oh and Tell ur mom happy mothers day <33
Disagreements are less intense and don't last as long-and passion and closeness are greater
Wait, this is one of those times where we blame everything on EA right!? Yeah, you suck EA!
Say what you want about Obama but he knows how to give a speech
We love you. RT : Just signed up for the first time, can't wait to get my card!
I call the shots in my life now... And I have great aim.
and flat billed caps featuring sports teams located nowhere near blacksburg
Congrats to for taking the leaders jersey in Tirreno Adriatico. Go Redneck!akg Now that is good cycling news!
Everything comes naturally <3
Thank you for the follows!
cool interactive Virtual Marsh map allows browsers to explore and learn about the SFBay's marsh habitat via and Intel
Sweet, what's your topic going to be?
- LOL, true. I stick to the cold cuts. ;)
R u comn to Atlanta soon?
great job last night BMac! Let's do it again on Saturday!
I love her!, what song? (:
That sounds perfect. I've been preparing for my niece's communion, so lots of cooking, cleaning & TONS of kids.
Watch me smash this guy's ukelele over his head.
Good morning y'all!!! Happy Monday!!! Blessed to be here!!!
Thank you :) so happy!! RT: Way to DOMINATE ! Beyond happy for you!
I'm a D. Pretty clearly.
- No. Don't quote my number or take it as fact. Just going off of quick thoughts and also who covers San Diego sports.
just for the holidays :)
Headed to and then off to hike #RunyonCanyon....great way to start this Sunday .
lol, I agree, what a mess
Happy Mother's Day to the drunk girl who passed out next to me at a party three years ago
Postgame Jim Tracy labeled Corpas' 9th inning fastballs "better than before his injury". Good sign
“: Yeaaaaahhh the CRAZY the WZRD, so much whiskey all in my liver!!” Fav track on that album
that's cool
": I don't think I've ever seen a QB snatch defeat from the jaws of victory as often as Romo does."
Trevor, I'm really not happy with you right now...
Giving someone permission to stand in front of the organization instead of behind it - on Social Media and tone.
Alicia Salas, first 4x 5A Colorado high school champion and 2-time Notre Dame MVP is your newest member of the CO 10s Hall of Fame!
Welcome to Twitter Need to connect with you soon.
TWO bad dreams in one night <<< <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
aww - what an awesome brother you are - she has a nice smile - she must be such a sweetheart! :)
Going through program and registration list for this year's Faculty Academy. Record numbers of presenters and attendees, I think!
Euro 2012 Qualifiers today Victoria Las Vegas. Ireland V Slovakia at 11:30am, England V Montenegro and Scotland V Spain at 11:45am.
i love you :)
Morse Tigers up 7-0 on Ramona on a 40-yard TD run for James Roberts
What is the best gift you ever got? I bet it wasn't a gift card. Thoughtful gifts are the one's we remember the most!
Lol this is hard to belee!
This tea is yummy
Very likely. RT : Yes. His slaves, which included his children.
Its the boss's b-day to boot so Im gonna thrw n MJ joints all night long!
scholarly publication as collaboration -- we need new citation forms to encompass this.
Yea, The Black Mamba
Watching "About a Boy". Good movie.
GM, Isuzu to discuss capital tie-up, report says GM will begin talks about taking about a 10 percent stake in Isuzu Motors, as the two ca
I'm not a big fan of Taylor swift.. But eyes open is such a great song <3
Dear Photographers: When was the last time you backed up the photos on your laptop or workstation? Just checking. Come on, now.
This Friday we are hosting a Kids Mardi Gras with Yo Mamas and Papas at Tickets are $5 at door. Kids under 5 are FREE!
I love pilates! I try to go at least twice a week- I wasn't flexible at first either. I also take a pilates and ballet class.
Having a hard time. Leave to Denver as planed or fight for my business that my cousin is trying to ruin.
This isn’t something you have to do repeatedly
I might make this trip to the fridge ...hope im not disappointed
Dear city of Milwaukee, you're cramping my style with redoing Oakland ave. Good thing the weather is nice.
10: I whip my hair back & forth. 16: I pass my blunt back & forth. 30: I drive my kids back & forth. 80: I rock my chair back & forth.
"I've got a lullabye."..."want to sing us a few bars?"
I'm in Louisville hahaha! Doing good dancing and all. How about you?
CTFU!!! No comment!!
sounds amazing! :) :) let's do it! :) I'll message you and we'll get together!
Sunlight is the bet disinfectant. Unless you're trying to disinfect mayonaise.
All in all, someone eventually will have to prove they can beat Mike Smith 4 times in 7 games.
#erl12 fantastic conference for 2012!!! Safe travels home to everyone!!
I know! Wait... about what???
thanks for the follow back. You guys are our Church every Sunday.
STEELE/QUINN will be appearing in the 2012 Unscripted New York Improvised Theatre Festival. Stay tuned for more updates!
That certainly seems like a good way to start the day (and the new season!)
you at work
Happy Easter:)
How did it go at Diesel last night?
Never reject anybody in your life, because good people give us happiness and bad people give us experience. Both are essential in life.
Okay, Rose. Deal. is about to make me happy by watching the latest NCISLA episodes. (She's behind by 2.)
Keep your eyes open & your legs close .
I Want It That Weight: A Boy Band Tribute to Levon Helm
to you as well!
"playing hookie" or "paying hookers"?
lol well most people aren't awake *grabs kettle corn*
Heard from a friend: 7K comped tickets for the #Sixers game tonight. Unbelievable
sorry, William laws look my phone and posted that.
sorry we took you to the mall and two questionably named restaurants. Promise and I will step it up next time
just here at school chilling with my novia C; lol <33
According to the Guinness World Book of Records, the closest record is 19,431 miles in 19 days, 8 hours and 30 minutes.
I broke my phone charger and the battery is about to die... This is getting exciting!
bahahaha RT Thanks for reminding us on Facebook that you recently got engaged. We couldn't tell from the 83 pictures you posted
The hills are alive....Yep!
Good morning Pittsburgh. Good afternoon Italy. Have a beautiful day!
kh? Yea right
You've had to like something about him to have his baby cause most women won't have a child by someone they genuinely hate pro-life or not..
only girl in this fuckin joint. Lmaaaaaaaaaaaao
Did someone want to meet Bloomfire customers? Happy to make the connection.
RT if ur a single girl...... (just wonding how many singles are out their haha)
Happy Easter Everyone.!!;D <3
Yes. I did a few months ago and think there is a big difference, especially in camera quality.
Facebook Volume On Track To Set New IPO Record - Wall Street Journal
yeah I see what you mean. Not the best not the worst article.
Hehe yes, born & raised im Israel! :)
Labels "spend time finding those audiences" - ESL COO Phil Hawken
J.D. Maverick vs. Eddie Edwards is up next.
22 years old, and the dark and empty houses are still freaking me out..
Rest in peace Sam Rivers
Wonder if will ever follow me.....
we do <3
@ had to bring the booty shake to New York... I'm respected now!!!
That's my plan!
Happy Friday! Come party with Vegas' FINEST!
thanks for the mention!
Jan 17 See Allegro Perform at the Akron Civic Theater in Ohio. Visit www.allegrodancecompany.net for more info
I have no idea.
bruins, gym, shower, chapter 18 of Ghost Station. 102,262 words deep. this 12pk of red bull is seeming more and more like an awesome idea
The best part about working at Avante may be the free hot chocolate.
I wonder what he was like , of he knew the meaning of being reckless?
First time wearing shorts in an eternity
It's weird today I wasn't looking forward to Thespians but now for some reason I am oh well ain't that odd? !*)
That I knew (regarding Public Libs). I just took this as a hindering ploy to the transition to ebooks for Pub Libs
hey, no problem. always happy to help.
Beltran to miss pitcher with league's lowest ERA Dempster to miss league's hottest hitter- Carlos Beltran- who has sore knees
This game live!
Can I get a RT! - Go to creativemitigation.com and tell us about cool public outreach, interpretation, and creative mitigation projects!
Ask your representatives what they are doing to create jobs in Indiana....
damn it's just lettin me play it. But I am upset with your drake library
Hey fans, Charles here. I want to know: how many of you have a plan for keeping yourselves fed when there are no more grocery stores left?
That awkward moment when your #hatting in wal-mart & you drop something & have to pick it up... HARD! ;D
Maybe I should of kept that to myself ..
if i lived there i would go buh no. While im stuck in narnia you have fun.
Not a good day?
Would you please tell Nathan thanks for the note on our Linoit!
“: Irving does them a favor with layup at 5.4. He could have ran it down to 3, shot ball straight up in air"
Last time I had more than 500 followers, I was on a parade float in downtown Chicago ;-)
lol , man im sawdy my phone is being stupid . my phone boutta get no love cusz no one gon' call me
I feel you. 2.5 innings left, down 4 runs, it's definitely enough.
Ut Huynh on trial in Dept 25 today for several counts of a lewd act for allegedly having intercourse with his 8 year old daughter, Loni.
Being told you're not such a bad photographer after all= bliss.
miss YOU. Have a great bday bud :)
my eyes look so weird in my icon :O
"If you can't fly, you can't be a Byrd."
It reached 100 degrees at 10:00AM today. Make sure you are taking care of your coolers and A/C units.
I love you and I get to see you in Chicago hehe. Get ready!
Thanks to for following Tom Shaw Trio!
Thanks for the #FF love. Hope you have a great week!
Welcome to Twitter. How's NC?
Think I'll watch the FB stock trade in a few minutes. The faint whimpering you hear is just the Winklevosses.
lol so this may sound dumb but im still trying to figure out why it was called a super moon haha. looked the same as always
next weekend my friend, will i see you then? I would love to meet up.
Studio life!
thanks a bunch! have the best weekend
Awkward anthem. Nice to know that slaughtering the anthem isn't limited to
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> Did she just call my child a hood monkey?!
Pray for #Kansas. Storms are coming full speed.
TOMORROW! TEEN NIGHT AT CLUB FUEGO! ITS GONNA BE HUGE!! 98.5 THE BEAT BROADCASTING LIVE AND DJ PRODIGY MIXING!
“ The worst thing in the world isn't being alone...it's being surrounded by people that make you feel like you're alone.” !!
Some of these chicks today have no class what so ever...like one of my teachers said young.ladies have to set a tone that mean hve standards
“: If someone believes in you enough to lift you up, try not to let them down.”
No, no one uses it. Everyone's on Facebook.
We'll look forward to meeting you!
You won't regret it! :) RT : Yellow cab/check cab - down. Next up, Flash.
Hard call this morning. At #libpage session: macro vs. micro level embedding w/ guides.
I'm curious who will the Packers select with there first round pick?
Thanks for the RTs and comments. I'll have to do some fleshing out of ideas!
nope. That was a once in a lifetime type of thing. I expect him to do alright but not THAT well.
i'm so proud of you sophia!!!
the movement is stupid, and i said i wasn't sure if i should call myself edge since i wasn't into the movement.
LOL! “: Dozed off. Doubt that was appreciated when it was my turn to speak.”
She was looking REAL cute (; haha
you brighten my day.
you so fancy ;) xo
Hey if I give you an audio recorder, can you get me some raw #Soyuz launch audio next time you're hanging around the pad? :)
sorry to hear that, if it makes you feel better my flight is delay because they forgot the food cart :)
Could you see using one of our galleries in your business?
I agree - it's important to understand what the label is telling you - flavor has to come from somewhere - read carefully
#politicians #Politics EGO + GREED + POWER = POLITICIAN
One or two or even three socks, doesn't matter bc you both ROCK! :)
((I'm happy you're back <3))
Nonsense. You are incredibly gorgeous, Ms. Shoulders! Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. :)
After the weekend White House and Derby festivities, I'm happy to report that none of the Wildcat players were injured. Back to you Dave
Meeting other students in f2f first helps w/online interactions later.
I forever treasure ur kindness to Mom & Dad backstage at ur shows in Wheeling. U really never met a stranger in ur life.
In less than 10 hours I'll be eating fish.
Unless we think of others and do something for them, we miss one of the greatest sources of happiness. ~ Ray Lyman Wilbur
Im too young to die come on and turn me on <U+2665>
Say it like it is! "Every single band in the world has these gigantic songs that people are obsessed with." - Bach
Waiting for my stylist at hair salon on a Saturday morning. Pouring rain outside.
No joy today if you are a Buckeye. I hope this is not the beginning of another lost decade.
OMG! Demi Lovato is supposedly dating Nick Simmons (HOT!!!). Daddy Gene says it's not true.
"durex: its not the snow tire of condoms" some casual thanksgiving table talk
We have a delicious new Rose' from France on our wine list! It's smooth and fruity. Perfect for a warm day like today!
things might get weird with working in JC!
Follow back? :)
Carmax just wasted money on a "5-Day Money-Back Guarantee" ad...seriously? 5 Days? 30 Days at least! 5 days still sounds like a scam...
Google just made me answer a CAPTCHA because I ran too many searches too quickly. Is that new?!
I have zero recollection of fish or celery sticks. You both lost me.
HEY FLYGO HAVE NEW MUSIC
Tupac's hologram already has a twitter account! Wow people you are fast.
Whatever your heart clings to and confides in, that is really your God. ~ Martin Luther
what u on tomorrow im off
what age group you playing on?
hear that, ClipperCofield? RT : I have been told by that they no longer want me 2 b Clipper Darrell
sorry to hear that. What did you sing?
#theworstthing is seeing some gurl with cellulite all over her legs and wearing some tiny shorts... not cute at all....
RT : David Shaw: brontobyte storage systems are already in prod- fiber needed to support these huge storage systems
Marshall-ism of the Day: “Ask yourself: Where do I want to go? Recognize where you are now, then figure out the steps to get there.”
Fingers crossed! RT : PBS meeting w/ & today. Hoping #PBSNeedsIndies early impact helps negotiations!
Long ass Line should of went to taco bell
Damn they be roasting shorties on Tough Love
On my way to airport to fly to Minneapolis for Carleton College Asian American convocation.
great question!!!
Do you write code on your iPad? What do you use?
enjoyed the presentation, great stuff!
The Baroness: "Why didn't you tell me?" Max: "What?" The Baroness: "To bring along my harmonica."
no! I love Pulp!
Right now I'm loving it....7 bottles with corks and 2 without...and corkscrew in a box somewhere.
To wish me happy mother's day, my son posted an ancient picture of me. Even I had difficulty recognizing me, but the memory is wonderful.
First to RT a link to your favorite episode of #TheSingleChef will get a shout-out from on the next show!
hello to Yorkshire...:)
Yep! Fun, thanks!!
It's within an inch. It was not a strike.
thanks<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> I have the #titanic of covers.
Just an isolated shower, Pretty nice overall RT How is Friday's weather looking to you? Worth taking the day off?
Oct 4th Sunday.....BIKE MIAMI...Diaspora Vibe Cultural Arts presents Elastic Bond..AFROBETA..SUENALO..no cars Dtown MIAMI 10am--3pm
Who wants to hear "that takes the cake!" unless you're standing in a bakery.
Just found ELIZABETH WARREN's Native-American name : She-who'll-give-us-free-things.....
Good one!
yeah that house that people took prom picture at
hates the lettuce and obviously has no love for Friday (Ice Cube) despite reppin SoCal or he'd get Ulysses' ne
Amazing #pre-production & #writing meeting with today!
Understood. My babies turned 3 yrs one month ago. #andiwantanother!
My mission is to use my talents in combination w/others' talents to IMPACT the world and build community.
armature hour?
I thought that it would be different this time.
How long can he keep this up?
: You are welcome!
im glad your day will atleast go well.. love you!
And then it looks at you as of you are stupid actually expecting it to load a web page...oh good god
Very nice. Done and done.
Have you seen our shelf of 40% off items? Be sure to stop by the studio and take a peek.
": So biggie was more lyrical than Tupac.… Fuck outta here #hiphoppov "
has gotten FOUR holes-in-one (hole-in-ones? nvm) in one night of #tigerwoods04. I'm going to smother him with a pillow.
“: Pay Greinke! #BREWERS” seriously he's even said countless times that he loves pitching in Milwaukee. Cmon Doug Melvin
Art historical stereotypes in a McDonald's commercial. Loving it?
Thanks to everyone who celebrated St. Pat's Day with us!
#FF a great team of social media leaders
Now they recounting it. They seem to disagree on the amount. Let me count it
Well I sure wish I was down under to see u mega fine men ;) some lucy mates
Glad #POTUS came out for Simpson and Bowles right to get married. Now wish he'd come out for their budget plan.
I'll be curious to read it, as that was a great session.
It's always time for crab! Thanks for coming in tonight! What's for dinner? Crab cakes? Crab saute? Crab-stuffed flounder? :)
A great new idea. Just signed up. Planning lunches for next week. Entrepreneurs, check it out.
if I hear the Friday quote again... "it's Friday, we ain't got no job, we ain't got shxt to do"
Really? Okay.
Where were you all? Happy Mother's Day! Next week, we'll be together. Yea!!
Thursday #TarotDay. Thor/Jupiter: Wheel of Fortune. Go with the flow. Give and Take in rotation. No pushing! Only Expand.
Twitter>tumbler> instagram> dog shit>the shit that your dog won't eat>myspace> Facebook.. Ya Facebook. UhFence intended!!!
EathQuake Was Just Felt NYC!!!! Nothing Broken or Hurt Thank G-d.
SCANtv has 3 new shows! Community Blog TV, Scanned Up Comedy & How to Get a Job in Seattle. Have you seen them yet?
He stole my heart. He stole my life. He stole my everything. He stole my social life. His name? Austin Carter Mahone. <3 (: I love him.
I really dislike Noah but I have to admit he really competes hard.
ON THE NOSE!
Getting a tatt and this shit hurts.....
Well, I'm blushing. -BF
Reminder: We have our cast talkbacks following our Thursday night performances this month!
Quote: "The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up." Mark Twain
Bread? what bread? sir, these are simply just potatoes...
didnt go school cause i was sick and i hate it! now im going to clean up the house :)
I wanna show my friends shit dc girls say so bad but I doubt they'll find it funny.
Instant follow back....
A leader who lacks understanding is very oppressive. Proverbs 28:16
Look like you sniff 8 lines of baby powder just to fit in
No Kodak selling camera's anymore. Why that's just wrong
Love ?! Follow YOLO
'Take Care' still goes hard
good move to the Texans. But now you got the Ravens again. You ready?
no prob can u go follow
Yes great tonight, like every wk! RT : the episode tonight was great! Kathy Bates is so good.
bringin back the O.E 40 huh?
i spy with my little eye: two local lovebirds enjoying adult beverages and each others company. i didn't think i'd get here in time.
They can strengthen you or tempt you. They can lift you or step over you. They can encourage growth or facilitate failure. Are they friends?
I wonder if he recognizes me from our last time. Back pressed against the quasi-bolted stall door to watch him revolutionize me with reds.
Just married !
oh I see. Im at .79" for today here in se Portland
Catchin the end of the game and I like the way Vanderbilt's playin.
Yep. Just keep winning series.
you want a copy? Nice article!
Healthy food shoppin <U+270C>
Getting ready to listen to former & reporter John Larson present 'Finding Your Center'
# FF they won Best of Burque - Best Museum !
Praying for you today. Knowing that God's has great things in store for you. A miracle is coming your way!
Cudos to you for lending a hand to another fellow start up. That's the spirit of SM
You know how we do, send our captain out in a wheelchair, come back in 4th quarter, rain some terror, block a shot or 12, etc
Oh, I'm already in time-debt. Might as well go all the way.
: Yep, we'll keep dancing no matter what the name is, but the music will be better with the new name :-)
Come out to PCH 8-10 tonight for Lindy Fix. Lesson by Nate and Miller. Also drop in on Int. Lindy from 7-8 with Sam and Miller!
1st Amendment in action! Finally-Just signedup yesterday. Love the uncensored-ness....The world is watching (those w/o free speech). Peace!
just added myself to the beta tester list. can't wait to try it out.
ok imma be here!
Six words, : protect Mother Earth, our only home.
Andres Serrano will be the KCAI commencement speaker this year.
we about to fire up a gin bucket at e 18th
Got tix for the Indianapolis 500 in the Paddock Penthouse on Memorial Day. Should be fun!
2 more finals + a paper then I'm free !
. One you recognize there's a line, you have to defend that line. Def a line b/w hate speech and fighting words. Why?
THAT'S the part...!
We checked in on the second floor of the student union and started off in the ballroom right there. They lead us from there.
Two papers and 12 hours left.
RT : Dr. Patricia Nkansah-Asamoah: "Seeing children born without HIV in 2015, this is very possible"
Then how about every state ?
Julius hodge from nc state
Hellz to the yeah!!!!! Over 3,000 RBB followers!!! Thank you so much for the support everyone. Stay tuned for big news. -Dan
jealous need to see you both asap!
The say that love is forever,your forever is all that I need <3 amazing
wow no sarcastic comment?
It's 1:00 in the morning and I'm laying here thinking when I should be sleeping...
My lil brothers just scored a 26 on the ACT practice test.. Na that shit cray!!! #Proudsister they earning every pair of Air Jordans I buy
I'm looking for a recent pic of the CADL building - help?
Cool Hand Luke is the 60th movie shown on Screen on the Green. Only two movies were ever shown twice. Do you know what they are?
She gets that a lot.
Lunch with at Noble Romans was good! Now I'm back at school though. <U+E059>
dude huge props. Wish all front end devs had the eye and skill you do.
the funny part is that people actually listen to
Brilliant idea! “: Apple rumored to be working on iPay, making your iPhone your digital wallet”
I asked you twice calm down
"of" (position) 7
RT : You look badass driving that Mustang.
Band practice tonight! Hmm....rum & coke or Mike's Hard Lemonade? Or maybe Strongbow... =)
At Business of Commersial Acting Class. It's cold in the waiting room.
Recharged and re-refocused.
Romo doesn't need swag, he's got more heart to play than any other. Punctured lung broken ribs. Played. Hand jacked no pain killers
that's weird... really weird.
I just finished a 3.65 mi run with a pace of 8'19"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
RT : Listening to at #AWS workshop in Tel Aviv - he is great. Thanks Uri!
Me R sky diving with anne frank and friends
I think I'm disappointed in me too! What should I get arrested for?
Youu better come with me later -___-
Sounds like datko has the potential to be a james starks pick in that he wouldve been drafted alot higher without a big injury
Come and visit us at the Princeton Farmer's Market today 11am to 4pm in Hinds Plaza!
waves back to you. From Austin?
I do too<3 sucks idk him
My cab taking Queens blvd to JFK: loving the idea that might get his blinds at that Blinds To Go on the corner.
Does Black History Month officially end today or tomorrow? This leap year really has me jumbled up.
Good am everybody. We have made 2 order breakfast sandwiches til 10:30am. Come in & get 1 for yourself and 1 for a friend. 101 Stewart @ 1st
I had a dream that Marketing was renamed Enthusiasm Boot Camp and was held at the crack of dawn with lots of yelling.
Thanks!Can't wait. And thank you for sharing your love letter to the band with us. From one fan to another it means a lot.
let's go takeover Boston!
must be a "luxury" ride!
JW if u r planning on doing a live chat anytime soon?? I miss those!! Maybe 2 promote MALIBU COUNTRY!! JUST AN IDEA :))) LOVE YOU XOXO
It's a hair product: a moisturizing spray. "Coming to America" with Eddie Murphy is the movie.
Watching #grammys on delay due to dvr. Damn #coldplay is awesome!
we're on the clock
bieber fever is still spreading we r #18million beliebers we go hard or we go home
#Tigers C Victor Martinez had microfracture surgery for torn ACL. He's expected to be out for 6-8 months.
except I would be loving it more if I were watching the game :(
Counting Down My Days Of Visibility !
hey lady, I see u called was in the shower, gotta go to work early in the morning, call u when I get off around 3.
My ride on the 6 just now made me nostalgic for Bombay. Whew!
we don't go to the Westside, #gangbangers scare the hell out of us
I remember when RHCP + supermoon was the other side of a tubesock
Looks like the toolbar didn't animate fully out, so it is blocking the regular toolbar. We'll fix it in an update.
HOOPS COMMIT IS IN, conformed with utsa athletics. Update to come....
watching TV with my little bro.
I haven't changed and I'm not turning :P
One more followers then it will be 300 (; we will give a big shoutout to the 300th !! :D.
haha, alive and well. What an eventful day
happy vacation man!
Happy Canada Day!
it was great having you both! Please thank John for coming. We will be announcing a few things soon!
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Mentadent Denture Brushes and most oral care products.
Airing a Rally's commercial when Rally's isn't open is not only mean, it also sorta lacks advertising foresight.
I should be more careful with my french tweets, especially if I'm being rude, someone might try to google translate them...
Soo bored someone text me or dm me
Pool tip #2 - cover your pool at night to keep it clean for the morning. Great prices on covers at www.dannapools.net
Maybe I deserve it. I think I do. I haven't been myself for a long time now, and I've done things I didn't even recognize. So okay, karma.
Thanks for the follow!(:
I want to buy Guild Wars 2 already.
"Bring headquarters to ABQ" -Mayor Berry
Dear Seattle, thank you for the lightrail. $4 round trip from downtown to beacon hill - awesome.
the last shot looked liked a lot of constipated librarians.
A bit of healthy fat tells your brain you're full. Eat avocado or nuts before a meal.
My bday in August . Hurry up and get here !
Where's the <U+2600>?
Raining hard this morning... I wasn't expecting that.
there is a Brighton joke in there somewhere and you know it...
SafetySkills is #onlinetraining simplified. Accurate and effective training. Powerful and easy to use.
To create is to leap into the unknown
5 DAYS UNTIL THE FINAL SUNDAY NIGHT COOKOUT! Have you made your reservation yet?
“: Elemental Groove Theory plays #gracepotter after party tonight @ the Sandbar Cincinnati!” sad to miss you guys, but #RageOn !
There's nothing on! :/
we definitely should. We complement each other well.
UFC on FOX 3 live blog: Four-fight main card nearing start - Las Vegas Sun
"I GIVE you more than the usual..."
Nothing like being locked out of your house when you come back from a run. Face. Palm.
#MUSICNEWS Rolling Stone overhauls album ranking, Kanye stars
Yes #Brewers grand salami
Last day of classes tomorrow! #excitement. :D
My parents are the loveliest :)
yup :D
Well my hair is all nice and straight so I am going to sleep soon and I am slackin on the social media stuff D:
thanks Sabrina! Spread the word!
cause his name's Nacho? xD
Going to go to panda express since tomorrow is the end of the world ;)
Oh, shoot. I forgot I was the only one who watched Make It or Break It. -_-
Happy #ww to you too!
Goss: We decide together with communities what priorities are long term and then provide TA.
It's true. It's damn true!
Tweet, tweet. Follow me today
Encouragement for the Day: Go see the
get hyped. is a badd boy
Hi - thanks for the #Happy Hollowine mention! I really like your biz concept and wish you every success!
Most NYC 5th ave. local players would value you building between $34-35 Million. Very tough to rent with a high traffic tenant, the Chabad.
A good woman can make me feel confident, strong, and able to take on the world. Nah fuck ... that's vodka and cocaine... that does that!!!
I didn't have shit last year around this time
Financial advisers that lead with offering retirement savings options are completely out of touch with the realities of the new economy.
I went to the county Democratic convention with my BFF the county judge and for once I was not the most hated women in the room. Good times
SeaGulls appear in late innings to watch Romo and Wilson close it out. Duh John
I wanna open a hands on science museum, then put "dont touch" signs on every display
#ThingsSheNeverToldYou You we're the one I wanted.. Not him
Being the digital proxy is a great deal of responsibility, but he has not found it. ;)
yeah I know. I was having withdrawls too...LOL
is that the one with the MC Hammer song?
and I decided to participate in the Ken. Derby festivities at Anyone have a ridic hat I can borrow??
wine and dine and then buy a car!
Welcome to IU Gunner!!
Dunno about exciting... but its on the radar for one of the next build updates to BIW.
I know. When people ask what our students are doing, I'd very much like them to ask me, very recently a student.
chef boyardee m d:
worst part of school...moving in and out...
And your vote can bring down election stealing mayors!
Aww that's kinda sad shaved but he looks good no matter what he dose he's also super talented :-)
i can deal with that
I missed you!<U+2764> D;
The Breakfast Club is always amazing.
that's what it there for
Even if people think your Not Good enough. GOD Thinks otherwise. You are Special & Your are Loved!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
WARNING! One Nite Stand 04-08-11 is approaching. This is 1 party you don't want to miss. Get on the VIP list. www.onqnites.com
KG is starting to find his groove in this game at the perfect time.
You think you slick ! Lmao
yeah there were probably lots of people trying to sell them for big bucks and if they didn't get will go to game. my guess 15k
PSU's MFA should take some leads from Suzanne Collins. Not in terms of writing, but by making it all end in a fight to the death.
Feeling confident...ran the scene with Jerome yesterday.
Best thing bout watching the pacers game at bankers life: no espn anchors telling how great orlando is.
What a pair! Enjoy you guys!
I concur sir.
I-10 eastbound is crazy screwed stay away!!
President Obama sounds very much like America's concerned & irritated dad.
How many players per team for the dodgeball tourney? Do you want a singles tournament as well for one-on-one action?
Goin to 's house
Thanks V. I know your heart will be here with us.
“: Just watched this week's Greys. Holy shit.” --- I JUST finished it, too! I had to rewind a few times. Ah!! This is crazy!
Guys night in. Benji loves him some
man u got me fucked up man talkin to all these,niggas on this Bitch wtf u though
Passing Waco, headed to Dallas!
Great news all around! Thanks so much for coming in.
do you and partner have pet names for each other ...we want to hear 'em
'Cause it's an hour-long show?
Marty Kaan!! "I didn't fuck you...I was getting even...your daughter is who I fucked"
Stockings and wooden stairs do not mix... Definitely ate shit down Elkes stairs can't stop laughing
it was..... a little thing,! and its fine.!
Sup late nighters?tell yer frands to follow us!thank you<3
My money's on Tebow(and Christ), Dave...:D
sneakin' on tha computer.. i wish i had my fb password i gotta call my momzzzz later. what you been on though big brothaaaa
For the next 1 hour swing by Fluid Coffee Bar and get the deal shown here: Buy A Cup, We'll Donate 10%
Friend Joe Zazzera corrected me for misspelling "biophillia". When twitter gets spell check, & biophillia is a common word- this wont happen
damn I can't wait! I'm still on the first season
Is there footage of this spitting online?
looks solid. Thanks for the intro!
You got 2 know when to hold em, know when 2 fold em, know when 2 walk away, know when to RUN.
That video was amazing. The guy's a pro that makes these videos.
Why do all celebrity iPhone/Siri commercials involve soup?
lol I would slap every old hoe in there
Oh, dude. I'm gonna miss it this week... Zooey, be a love and do another episode next week. I'll watch 'em both
#bizethics You are a new man, D
Last night... You are not my friend right now
Oh La la - Angie Jolie to present at 84th Academy Awards!!
Still Not Quite Enough - I See Stars
You can do it! Don't stop believing!
Hmm, I wonder what that's about? ;) RT : Hunt: #chiefs will assemble art work at arrowhead
Eating in Carmel on our way back to L.A. Adios San Francisco :)))
Writing is utter solitude, the descent into the cold abyss of oneself. - Franz Kafka
My nigga Boosie is set free! Praise GOD
Shah: Strangerhood is a crucial component of democracy and public culture.
Dreams are necessary to life.
praying for you tonight. You #NEVERSAYNEVER and now people will #Believe God is good!
hope they turn out to be healthy lil' ones, against all odds! Faith & God's Mercy helps us all.
I cant wait to get my phone...life is all good..i am very blessed..
Yes. My dad and I still talk about it-- who would place such an ad? And who would call about it?
My gues: PBR RT : Callers dad arrested for stealing a case of beer and slapping clerk.. What kind of beer was it? I'm goin BL..
Got a Gibson bobble head!
No Biggie bro! Help me out to. big ups!
Sound advice. Looking for a follow up with specifics
When you eat a baked potato, be sure to eat the skin too. That is where all the vitamins and minerals are found...yummy!
I think I'm gonna re-read the Percy Jackson books...
Well okay ... As long as you buy me a drink first. ;-) I was pissed until I saw that workaround posted.
Even more so by such a big man.
Musings: Focus on the things you want to have happen. "as you think, so you shall be"
Lost ya in the crowd, but it was sure nice to see you after so long! Your new adventure looks awesome! Hope to see you soon!
I enjoyed your post on Florio today. Thanks.
Great ! I seriously can't wait for this . +Liam knows about all of this :D
Can i just commend for making such good ice cream drumsticks?!? GOOD GOD.
It will rock after I'm done with work!!! :) Happy Mom's Day weekend to you all too!
Im singin "Bitch im paid that's all i gotta say im like who knew"-
F.R.I.E.N.D.S: (F)ight for you. (R)espect you. (I)nvolve you. (E)ncourage you. (N)eed you. (D)eserve you. (S)ave you. <3
Hello mike, hope this finds you well.
Haha, luckily Vegas is rarely below 80 degrees. :P Just be warned, lots of strippers there! Hahaha.
Whoa, cool! Let us know how it is.
A favorite but funny quote from a friend, "It may not be hell, but it sure smells like sulfur."
If one more person 'follows' me that is directing traffic to their porno page, I'm going to drop my twitter account and stick with Google+
Join us today to hear the Four Point Model of Staying Resilient with our guest, Dick Ruhe! Good info we can use in all aspects of our lives!
The Chicago Summit will be the first NATO summit on American soil in 13 years.
i meant bug...
MT ... forward to my trip this month to raise money & recruit vols to win back the gov seat.
I'll pull some strings at Coors and get them to produce it again. Were you ever old enough to legally drink it?
just got done swimming now going to get ice cream at the old mill
- Well said!
Nield envisioning a space "railroad" w published regular launch schedule, "payloads ready or not"
showing why he is my all time favorite player. What I would give to see him return to my #MAVS!
Thanks for the follow...follow back? Promise to keep it real. Dan
hey! Please send me the list for people from #SheCon for the Tech Writing Round Table?
Isn't Bashing Gays FUN!!!!
#WorkSmarterNotHarder RT : “Human salvation lies in the hands of the creatively maladjusted.”
I wish songs I write could really bring back special people in my life..
lmao i know
I would really love some 220 b/w in my life right now.
Do you know that our soul is composed of harmony? -Leonardo DaVinci
That movie only gets better from there.
totally unexpected- didn't think I'd see a video of Yakim Noah's thoughts on Fela Kuti on Twitter today! Haha good post.
At Hollywood Theater to watch a found footage, all-dog version of "Holy Mountain." I literally have no idea what that means.
good timing!
Finished the six month Israel Diplomacy Fellowship tonight at the Israeli Embassy in DC w/ Ambassador Michael Oren. Good discussion!
and A. Smith should be trending right now...
Busy night of crashes NB5, SB99 (twice) including right now + Hotel Fire in SnoCo -- Join & the others for rt.now
I ain't been on twitter n ah min
Looks beautiful!
The Giant Mechanical Man opens A romance develops between Janice, a woman in her 30's who has yet to learn how to navigate adulthood, and
what happened?!?
good :D
i went in the shop2 get my monroe ytrd bt decided nt 2 mess with my face so now wht should i gett..so confused. i hav to get something!
Good to have Bob Kemp back on the radio today. Hope you are feeling better.
Hello, everyone. How are you today?
Good to hear Krista is keeping fit!
Why does my bed all of a sudden get a million times cozier when the baby wakes up?
RT : Oh, 50 people ‘like’ your bikini picture on Facebook? You must have a wonderful personality.
Well, I guess I'm not including all the impromptu overnights they seem to have. Those should count, yes?
: math major, smash smajor.
HE MAKES ME BLEED REAL GOOD
sir that is the best Mock, outside of mine I have seen to date...well done!
THIS IS JUST SO FUNNY BINDER
Pickup Line: Let's do breakfast tomorrow. Should I call you or nudge you?
no doubt you will!
u deserve it:)) u're a amazing person, I love u so much <U+2665>
Baby you light up my world like nobody else. <3
that's good :) I think the next bobble head 5/15 or 5-13 :) u?
Seriously awesome movie....Muppets! ::maniacal laughter::
Fact: During #sex you burn as many calories as #running for 8 kilometers... BUT Who the hell runs 8 kilometers in 30 seconds?
My cat acts like I was gone 2 weeks instead of 2 days. He hasn't left my side all night. His favorite person was even home with him.
Man this food fucked me up
First Dmitri, now Delmon. Hey Tigers, no more players from the Young family, please.
good morning! I hope you're all well.
I don't know. . . it's starting to feel a helluva lot like yesterday. . .
Today BuyPlayTix takes the first steps towards making managing umbrellaed non-profits trivial. Contact us for info!
Another day spent shaking the hand that feeds me.
Yes!! Proud of you man! Wish I could be there. We're rooting for you from Bmore!
I need to order a chin pan!
#20ThingsAboutMe 11. I have zero piercings. Not even ear piercings. None at all, and I don't want any ever either.
dammit.. thought thats what u said
lemme follow since I been listening to that cream of the planet track every day since it came out.
My laptop is becoming painfully slow, please don't fail me now '07 MacBook
This is getting even MORE interesting! ;)
n Music Meeting Pumpkins “Widow Wake My Mind” ok, didn’t get better happy 4 Billy he’s dating Jessica Simpson Yay for us ugly dudes
thanks for the ticket!
Today's the day ^.^
Today's PSA - inadvertent law breaking counts the same. The I didn't know better defense will always miss. Examples to follow...
the new Gawker site isnt even intuitive! I could at least figure everything out abt the new fb changes right away
my mum is trying to talk me out of getting beats for christmas, apparently they aren't worth the money. my mum doesn't have a clue;) -Sophie
“: Thx for confessing your love for me last night <3 :)” Just speaking the truth <U+E328>
MAN BEING AA FAMOUS FOOTBALL PLAYER FOR THE CARDINALS SURE DO PAY OFF LOL KEEP UP DA GOOD WORK
Hey I hope all is well out there on the left side. Give some love to that lil P-nut Babe!
Yay! RT: : Good news! All EBSCO resources are back up and working.
'Humor is mankind's greatest blessing.' - Mark Twain.
So nice out <U+2600><U+263A>
What's up Bro
Pain is temporary. It may last a minute, an hour, a day, or a year, but eventually it will subside. If you quit, however, it lasts forever..
#ThingsIwantTheMost is to summer to get here faster so I can spend it with my family and friends <U+E415> only 6 more days<U+E40A>
ah. I reread your tweet. Oops :-). It's crazy, isn't it?
Million dollar playa that's how I carry myself and can't no woman have my heart cuz ima marry myself...
haven't signed on here in a while
will you be in Miami tomorrow (: ?
Guess i mean nothing.
follow me ! <U+2665>
Most teenagers take drugs, alcohol & have sex. Honestly, all I want is a fast internet connection.
If Your child doesn’t like milk, some other good sources of calcium incl yogurt, cheese, tofu, salmon, fortified OJ, soy, cereals/breads
Your $10 ticket to will buy a small prize for a child after receiving his/her treatment. #ABQ#cancer Concert July 10
Maybe you should find your own life buddy, do not disturb other ppl.
brus u fake!!!! How u not gonna talk last night..RUDE!!!
I like Gavin!
happy endings, second chances :)
RT : Thank you for your support of the emerging designers, and for giving fashion a home at / +1
Listening to on with on Mile High Sports radio 93.7 talking #Rockies! Tune in now!
I hate when people joning on me like man back off bitch -___-
Watching the walking dead!
They make cable with capsaicin in the sheathing so that squirrels don't chew through it, which is otherwise a problem.
#FF Grade A comedic impressions of Robert DeNiro, Morgan Freeman, as well as a variety of his own unique characters follow
i think my future fell asleep on mee lol .
I love windmills.
not good! take it easy. I need you may 6th!
The VP of marketing & ticket sales just took the mic & chatting her 17 year position w the
skipping the middle man
Sucks for you bro.
Watching some old GG tonight. Ah, I love GG season 3. Chuck/Blair. Nate/Serena. Dan/Vanessa. Perf.
Roger dat. Love u too sis. Gone.
Which begs the question: What time is Submissive Sluts appropriate? 9? Is it an afternoon thing?
Making a low budget movie about a zombie outbreak in a hipster neighborhood. It's called "The Affected."
Yeah, I order an old fashioned for the cherry.
Just signed up.
The #Rangers Josh Hamilton had a historic night yesterday with 4 homeruns in one game. He's the 16th player to ever do that.
You do realize a kid died behind it, right? It's serious.
cheap bridesmaid dresses
that will go perfectly next to our credenza holding the Venetian glassware
Stretching always soothes the soul.
I'm wearing one sock that is green and another one that is pink. Not because I'm wacky, just cos they were clean. Not into socks.
The word of the day is #through. Not in the sense of "I'm through with this," but rather "push #through" & "I can make it #through!"
Thank you so much! :)
I started reading The Walking Dead comics. It's almost sickening how much better it works as a comic than as a show
Thanks Shelly! Likewise to you and yours :) A very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!
hate that fat bitch!!! make her life hell tomorrow? yup i think so
get it for me. thanks.
While supplies last, Sabra Classic Hummus is just $1.99, Red Bull and Red Bull Sugar Free are $1.29, and 2 for 1 Red Bull Cola is just $.99!
fo sho...You Only Live Once
From Oz...Curtent weather conditions in ABQ dictate that everyone in the truck change to shorts...expected high of 79
End of weekend mani, forgot how much I love Boris & Natasha
Too bad Paul was an even bigger asshole than you. Everyone will have equal rights 1 day & you'll be remembered as a bigot.
One free app and martini per day, per visitor at bar louie this week
I hate going to Target. I always end up spending more money.
Learned the over-head lasso and corkscrew at my first-ever hoopdancing class. It's just a matter of time b4 I run away with the circus :)
If you continue counting Riggs as a Dem and Huber as a Repub, then 30 counties went Democratic to 42 Republican.
My nephew knows more multiplication than I do.. For those who know how retarted he is, you'd know how sad this is lol.
"There`s only 1 threat to our religious liberties in America and its name is Barack Obama" - The 1st line I heard after turning on Fox News
RT : big shout to all the kids who ask me where im djing evry night when all i do is twitter about where im djing at..
All my followers follow me
meant to say thanks.. how are u today?
RT : There are free spirits, then there are people so disparate I can't believe they have coherent physical forms.
I'd like to live in a world where our teachers are the highest-paid people in the country. /cc
Hodgson hunting top-10 finish
Maybe I should have tweeted about you during the Superbowl. Man I am still butthurt about it...But Ride or Die Patriot Fan 4 Life
And then there's the fact that hardly anybody has used it.
Sometimes you have to make the tough decisions in order to progress in life and in your career. God will watch over you when you make them.
I love that it's these things, not things like having our kids play together...
Enjoying a cool wet morning. Finally rained in Austin!
Watching an all new episode of The Celebrity Apprentice. 2 people are getting fired tonight. Will be interesting to see who it will be.
please tell me i'm not the only one that listens to Ashlee Simpson, and pretends i'm in a music video....
It's also Hug an Eagle Scout Day. :)
Don't forget about the awkward "handshake" between Luis Suarez and Patrice Evra from earlier this season
": Make a difference, don't b a statistic..."
I'm new in twitter!
did you get yur chocolate milk today??? Lol
There really is no point to even coming to this class.
If you aren't here at CHM it will be broadcast on KQED June 8 @ 8pm
darn sister
Extreme Fitness yo
"If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together." -African proverb, via
"I got a bad feeling about this." No not really, ha. May the Fourth Be With You!!! Happy Star Wars day everyone!
Joined twitter I'm a total morning person now, LOL. I get up at 5am every day, haha. Sometimes earlier. :P
my hair lol
Industry night! Sunday Circus! $3 drinks! playing the jams! #firestonedistrict 2Night!
HIT MY DOG! HIT MY GIRLFRIEND! HIT MY WIFE!!
RT : "You big Mr. Bossy Pants, government man!" -- Mitch Daniels
souk has the most random hours of any place on h street.
only if we're staying somewhere warm.
you'll never get rid of me
"GNOC" look innocent? If you find that on your daughters phone or IM you should be upset. It means "Get Naked On Cam."
Well hay Nashville
Follow her shes a true Directioner and my buddy :)
: more dub than step on this one ---> xD everyone is making dubstep now and it's great!
hosting a wine toss at the Terrace Club. Get a chance to bring home a bottle of wine w/ your lucky necklace!
Today I'm dressing like I'm from the 70s and there's not a damn thing anyone can do about it
We're excited too!!
Ok u want me locked up in a cage...well don't be mad when I come out in beast mode <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>
if you loved me, you would take the dog out.
What classes are USC students most excited about? Learn from students past & present about their most unforgettable experiences!
I thought it was really long...love that !
Check out
So happy to be back in Az after a great vacation in Oregon. Ready to get back to work!
you're fast! thanks! you'll be hearing from me in mere minutes!
Charity sees the need, not the cause. German Proverb
oh my! Forgot to tweet you.... HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!! :)
Now its the baking. :/ LMAO!
Senator, great job at last night's town hall meeting! Thanks for bring much needed insight to property insurance issue.
Justin's shirtless photoshoot thoo <3.<3 ay padre! Even tho you can see his tan ! Lmfaoo!!! His lower waist is lighter then the rest of him!
Scientifically speaking, if Christmas comes early its called "premature esantalation"
Im sry! I cnt help it! My life sux soo bad! I have no friends and hate being in a relationship! And don't wanna be in one!
RT : RT : #ciscops12 says the Cisco Cloud Connect Solution will launch at CiscoLive in June....
HAHA LOSER WE'LL NEVER BE FRIENDS
Charlie about Anthony Davis: "That guy has weird eyebrows. He's tall too. I bet he can dunk."
Two IHS Press books--"Fair Culture" and "And Know This Place: Poetry of Indiana" finalists in annual Benjamin Franklin Award competition.
Very nice Chanatip! (But I think that you should come to the US and work on that doctorate)!
knowledege is good, but a vast difference stands between "knowledge (having the facts) and "wisdom" (applying those facts to life)
If you look at the video in real time it was an accidental contact. Harden didn't say anything to RA. Ppl are crazy
Beautiful Friday. Thank god it's the freakin' weekend baby!!
Sign up for Getting Started on the Internet at Centre Branch Library on February 9th at 6pm. Call 251-3700 for more information.
AUSTIN I'M DANCING TO YOUR SONG #SAYSOMETHIN LIKE A FREAK IN FRONT OF MY PARENT'S FRIENDS
would you like me to send you a copy so you dont have to buy it? not. buy it. i wouldnt hand you a gun to shoot yourself.
Ah, chill haha.
Hi, you're cute.
What luck for rulers that men do not think. ~ Adolf Hitler
it's wrong -_-.
Migrated to Microsoft Outlook. Goodbye Lotus Notes, can't say I'll miss you.
Not a fan of any Big East teams, but the tourney is always exciting
Ugh...why do my Chrome extensions keep disappearing??? Anyone else experiencing this particular (and annoying!) issue??
Great conference. Thanks you carry the progressive flag well.
wait, Greg Jennings threw the first pitch at the Tigers game today? I know he went to Western and he's from MI, but REALLY?
- Not repeating the mistakes of 'wise' men of the past that brought a physical presence to the world and failed miserably.
What kind of pizza do you like?
LISTEN and SILENT are spelled the same.
Your lipstick stains, on the front lobe of my left side brains, I knew I wouldn’t forget ya, and so I went and let you blow my mind.
I love B day mornings. Drumline first period, SRT second, team sports third.
..Trying to stand GRAND the best i can, but it's not really working out. :(
Searched GMail for "Meeting Scheduled by Tungle" 170 results. That's 170 email threads happily avoided! cc:
what are yiu doing there?!
he is Lidge's set up man, but is the closer since Lidge got hurt. What did he do?
Catnip laced matzoh?
thanks my friend have fun
20 mins later locked out of the class .. because i clearly offended her .....
If this really happens, could you please have a casual meet-up for all your PDX fans?
Yay! I hope one of those is mine!
loving the basketball quotes!
My minds playing tricks on me!
me either :'( I truly did love him
about time...lol :)
Done and liked. RT Afternoon reminder to check the Facebook page!
RT “: How to be followed by me: 1) RT this tweet 2) FOLLOW ME 3) FOLLOW ”
manager's getting it towed!
yeah i think it starts at 5 but i think they wanted us there at 4. Im not even sure where to go once im there.
Heat down 10 that quick
Can't wait til I am doing the same!
are you at crme11? If so let's meet up
Don't live a life full of plans. Sometimes, the best moments happen when unplanned...
we're on our way!
Doing my taxes....please do not mention Obama for next four hours...
Sounds great! I would love to connect you with Rob Lee in our office.
I try not to have anything to do with my ex's but they ALWAYS find a way to get back in contact with me..... 0_o dannggg!!
Pretty sure I have a concussion
#NPCLunch not asking questions of relevance of TSA Chief John Pistole. Not sure why I expected any more from NPC
check ya email
I have that pic on my pandigital and it just makes me smile
Smells of
": You coming to the thing tonight? -"I wasn't invited." #AWKWARD"lol my bad. I wont ask again
Representing Yapstar gangsta rap in my hipster hood Willy B.
Hey thanks for the follow! too!
is working on some new tunes #staytuned ;)
Hey We Follow You! >
Does Blake Griffen have enough left in the tank for game 7?
for the Devils, Petr Sykora is the answer.
Have testing in about an hour
To anyone thinking about stealing all my valubles and ransacking my room...sorry too late that already happened today
high ten if I can humiliate myself for your pleasur
Follow me on Twitter for updates and discounts!!! ;))
Thanks for the kind mentions!
I freaking need to try Nutella!
RT : Happy Friday! ...Amen to that!
my 3 yr old is the cutest thing on the planet rht now, realizing its this moment that will make 4give her in 13 yrs when she crashes our car
Solid Game 11 and 5! when we gonna see the first double double! im feeling it soon
aw i wish i could come to your show in LA i've been wanting to visit california ever since i was little! haha
Hey I don't have a problem with Secret Service getting theres in Columbia. I don't have a problem with any person who servers getting theres
shot a feature on Old School Grill North! See it on KVUE :45AM, & 11:45AM . Mention this and receive 5% off your meal!
Hear my prayer god give ear to the words of my mouth psalms 54:2 ,
haha but at least when i do get in i do something.
I wonder if Arthur the aardvark discovered hardcore and is now the frontman of the aardvark version of Hatebreed?
thx for the love!!! TDJ is free 4EVER but u can always support us by hitting the donate button or just spreading the word ;) <3
Director of Smithsonian's American Indian museum speaks to UNC-Pembroke graduates - Fayetteville Observer
S/O to She's pretty funny! Follow her and enjoy. :)
brandy norwoods finest role
It was really good, very beautiful to watch. It was actually better than I expected.
RT : A2: Perception is everything--it determines whether or not you will be successful
#FiftyShadesFreed was so good...i'm ready it a second time to make sure I get every juice detail !!!!
I'm feeling more and more fucked by the day, honestly.
Why hello!
RT : Great Mag wish i would have won Love you guys!! thanks for a great party
Wow is buying #Motorola Mobility for its patent holdings! #Facepalm Looks like Mark Cuban was right about patent litigation.
If a Midget Lady Had Strawberries On her Vagina Would She Be Considered a Strawberry Short Cake?
hopefully don't mix the two together! Yuck.
When did things start to change so much?
another little #Hawkeye on the way, congrats!
that awkward moment when you get on facebook to see like a million notifications from ........
Congrats to the #KentuckyWildcats moving on the championship game. They should win it all.
Happy mother's day to the only woman in the world who's seen me naked and crying, Love you!
"this is gonna be a good episode" -regina, beginning her issue of the new yorker
#Tigers lead 6-1. The natives are getting restless.
< Getting his work done on MSNBC tonight! I am engaged and with you! Say it!
lol It was good. Spent the night watchin' movies with my hubs and kiddo. How was yours? =)
I just love it when I'm on a business trip and a migraine decides to come with me, cleverly packed in my luggage. G'night, folks.
You guys are awesome.
Which celebrity death was the first to really impact you? Kurt Cobain and Aaliyah for me. Morbid? Yes.
Oatmeal w coconut milk will pack some weight on quick.
In relationships you're gonna fight & argue but before the day ends just try to fix the problem & let it be known you love each other.””
do it! you need to sign up for a waiting list, then they send you the official invite
Start up a Roit
A big HAPPY 30 something birthday to my favorite bro-in-law...on Kevin's side! RT : Happy Birthday.
I didn't like bridesmaids. there I said it. who's with me?
Will do! AHEM, friends at , could you print a few more of my stamps for my pal ? kthnxbai ;)
Home after seeing all of the moms in my family. Moms need to change the world.
400 mph 2 million dollar car..I'm gonna get it one day
next month
a lot of pain but dealing.
I wanna learn how to edit videos (:
last time I checked!!
Being in the ER yesterday gave me time to think about a few people and the direction my life is going in.
Okay im done for awhile
Dang. Went on a quick lil morning rant, and lost a follower.. lol. Burr
Nuttin but Love..and Keep Rockin' Everyone!!
The official launch has been pushed back. I think I was a bit over eager anyways. I want to do it right from the get go.
when are we going?
haha! You're not anal...more like considerate! Hahaha ;)
This isn't the first time I've followed you home.
#simixchat Several #LIS schools offer whole course on LIS Ethics too..seek them out
a white bitch u gone get the fuk cussed out blak power I hate whites lik u u ugly and ignerant burn in hell or go get a tan
I just get on the type & twit & weither u like 2 admitt it, I just twit it better than half of these other twitters out there*.
"summer after high school when we first met we make out in your mustang to radio head and on my eighteenth birthday we got matching tattoos"
Have a great Friday!! RT : #followfriday follow them you won't be disappointed
you've met them so many times!
Thats GREAT! I thought accounting, then QUICKLY realized, HELL NO. Lol I want to get my Masters in Public Affairs as well
nope, youre a big dude as well, its tough for the guy... i know alot of people say yes, but it aint right. god made him 6'4
I cant believe you made me watch Saving Private Ryan, and Pearl Harbor, 2 sad movies, and they are both bout war... really? still <3 u tho!
I bet she had too many alcoholic fruity smoothie drinks!
HANNA Winery & Vineyards
Is is true that if you give John Travolta a massage he tries to give YOU a happy ending?
Thank you!
It seems odd to me that getting up before 6:00 am doesn't even phase me anymore. I should be exhausted & grumpy but I'm not at all.
Excited to see perform with Lou Schreiber tonight at -- if you're in the greensburg area do yourself a favor
volunteers are on the scene helping; will provide (tbd) needs like replacement food, clothing and shelter.
NOW MY CHANCE IS THERE !! PLEASE FOLLOW ME !! I LOVE YOU
what yall playing can I play ? :)
It's the degree of petti-ness that drives me up the wall. 5p for jam on toast? I mean, really? For gods sake..
We're following back now so tell everyone to also celebrate THE M!
work is never done.....but why does that matter cuz I LIVE IN CALIFORNIA!! lmao!! =)
aww hope u feel better boo
RT if u like horror movies
Everyone is kissing me on the cheek to day goodbye, forgot this is normal in south florida
Indiana rained out our bridals today and left the location a mud pit. Time for #product #photography instead!
The EWCA rules in Ajinomoto Sweeteners case involving the single meaning rule in defamation and malicious falsehood: [2010] EWCA Civ 609.
Overthinking destroys you.
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us."
oh darlin', you don't even know.
A lot of my followers are strangers anyways .
Why won't #HappyEasterAustin trend?!
Hours for work look shitty
#sexualcultures uses The Kids Are Alright to question the valuation of longevity: what models are there other than permanence?
S/O to !! I don't know you but you seem cool ! #Follow or have sex with a chainsaw
ha ha ha ha!
I just sent you an email with some info about us, I think you'll be into it!
Not Bad. But I can here it now..."bad call ref, bad call" when gets home! lol
Abeachdude Orlando The new Deal of The Day mark Lazy Days Bag
Oh you can...i just don't like your choices! And maybe he could try one on his own
Hello Football Coaches... lets chat about getting you a FREE Pass this year... message me for more info!
Tonight 7-10pm, Tune in to 99.9 The Buzz in Peoria, Illinois (or go their webpage (if you live outside Ill) to hear the new AGR interview.
I finally gave in got a CleanMyMac license...it cleared up 10 GB space! woot!
damn I would too got goo on deck right now
De nada. Have a good weekend!
I feel you lady, I have concluded that spirituality is linked to God and religion is linked to man.
Jay-Z. I like your style - what kinda music do you like?
I did kinda blush! But held my ground! If you only knew, said with a wink!! Here's hoping you and your have a great summer! <U+E056>
lol. What have you been drinking tonight?
what an excellent post!
Can't wait to hear what is singing tonight!! She's gonna do amazing!! :)
O. RT : I should change my bio to "the official page for Gilbertastic"
my dad always makes me take care of his shop cuz i dont have a bf to spend time with like my sisters do.
This Sour got me feeln sweet.
I miss Willy :(
I'm so glad the OS in the engine computer of my '95 dodge pickup runs so much more reliably than Windows. And it starts faster too!
I'm already thinking about suits. LOL
LOOK LIKE ITS GONNA BE A TORNADO OUT THIS BEIOTCH!
I''l tweet ya latr bbe i need a nap bye :)
Oh lawd, 1D is selling tickets more than a year in advance for their 2013 World Tour. I guess I know where my tax return is going towards.
What I do in Math class.....
Hey!!!! how the band coming?
Is it sad that I sort of get really giddy when a movie I've been wanting to see pops up on #Netflix?
Send more ice, ACK?
We have a few complimentary passes available for Boulder Group clients to the Interface Net Lease Conference in New York next week.
Can the power outage be over so I can finally leave school and enjoy my sweet beach house?
love your captain America bat!! When ate u gonna use it again??
You ever just want to stand up in the middle of a meeting and say f*&k it?!? And I am loving the new Nickelback Burn it Down!
Just why does Anthem Blue Cross require Adobe Reader on my Mac to download forms, and why do they use an ActiveX control to check?!?!?!
nice! when is/was the concert?
_ I Never Say Bye To My Family , I always Say See You Later , Cause You never know If That Person's Night Goin To End : / That Day
: Feel better soon Sen. Williams!
yo, any more folks get on board for the opener?
SAT in DC 21+ FREE till 11 at TEATRO 1909 K St. NW email w/ FULL NAME & Teatro as Subject
RT : Thanks for the gift card guys! Time to do some holiday shopping for myself. Maybe a couple bottles??
You live in Bemmel, you got 1 brother called: Lars, your in school in Nijmegen(smart girl). You have friends: Laura, Inez
hahaha it was so creepy and awkward and awesome I even went for a round 2 when I was walking out! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Melvin Johnson shoots a desperation 3, tried to draw the foul, came up empty....
Yikes! #ISEA2012 applications are due in 48 hours and the website has been down since ... since I don't know when
Are you planning on going abroad in 2012? If so, where?
GA...kinda in the middle...
“: 7 Keys to a great relationship: friendship,love, freedom, honesty, trust, understanding, and communication.”
Recall that in the video he refers to the *novel* as the instance of her arguing for morality of capitalism.
It time to make some changes!!!
Nope. That's why Perry's still there. Newt just likes talking in front of large audiences.
Completely worn out today but I gotta keep plugging away! Good things come to those who go for it!
sounds good to me
I still owe you photos, btw, w/yr award! Just been a bit busy, will deliver, promised!
Too much stress literally causes the human brain to freeze and shut down temporarily.
Let me be the one you need and more.
My daughter is enjoying her first year at Liberty University. An absolutely awesome person at an absolutely awesome school!!
Eyes heavy looking like I'm high as hell
that sucks :o after I have 5 snowdays then we have to start making them up in the summer xP
Vander Blue sounds like a paint color.
Lucky Florida girl! Hope that you had a great time at the beach! : )
well I think its might be time to head to bed
Do musty people smell that?
Faith makes things possible, not easy!
Amazing! You've got some talent. Thanks for sharing this.
Yes. Hope they can hold on to take the league.
TY for the Shout Out! RT : #FOLLOW for great social media info!
Good morning
Shirley Samuels: Feminist questions: Who's left standing at the end of a work? And who are they with?
hey follow back plz
Jelena left about an hour ago. Tierdd thouu. finally bed soon :P
Hello #Abq! My website & Twitter account is officially up & running! If you hate ironing, then I'm your girl! Free gift to next 5 customers.
WE DONT TICKETS
I may be getting too old to drink in bars for 6-7 hours. East Village kicked our behinds tonight.
What's goin down ?
Up early this morning for a run. I need to hit up the bookstore when I'm done so I can get a few loads in me.
I am so sleepy but hustlers don't sleep...up hand sewing my next creation for
be careful!
We need to hear a good story from this weekend. GO!
Come up to Austin for the USGP and we can watch the race live.
Your the key to my happiness
It's a scar I bare with a smile. Badge of honor.
When life deals you a bad hand...try to make the best of it.....You won't break me down
RT : The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just go to find the ones worth suffering for. ~Bob Marley
Black Levi silver tab jeans,black l.a kings with the matching Kings starter jacket and hat with a pair of black dopeman nikes#1990 swag
¦Attitude is free; ¦Desire costs nothing; ¦Passion has no price tag; ¦You pay zero for Commitment.
Come to make a show In Canada :) !! Or i can't to yout show :(
ALSO changed twitter username to for professional reasons.
Ikr haha!! And hey I have a question
Resolves that those who esteem preston sturges yet think the lady eve is his worst will get an extra tight scarf tightening
Dont lose your morals and self respect just to fit in.
Bed, Surgery in the morning!
Ready or Not! Microsoft Windows 8 is on the way. We'll finally get a Release Preview in early June!
“: I suffer from extreme work-A-holism. Wow..there ya go..people I admitted it! Phew!” My name is Amber & I'm a work-a-holic, LOL!
The best part of the #SuperBowl was definitely the
it's the best ski resort in north America and has the lightest, deepest powder in the world. Over 65 feet of snow this year!
No idea, but it looks out of control. Does it play/sound good!?
Krang call-back!
i am so hungery and in cooking class grrrr!
Why do I love so much ?
Halo Reach on
hey how's it going not so nice weather we r having
Realize deeply that the present moment is all you ever have. Make the Now the primary focus of your life. ~ Eckhart Tolle
Desperate need of a manicure. and no time to do it this weekend. So bored at work too. Could be getting nails done now....
I fear it is.
It's astounding to me how many Boston radio/TV personalities hate talking NBA/Celtics. Don't have to like them but still...
yes! agreed! very epic!! lol!! my hubby wants a jeep, that will more than likely be our next purchase.... :)
When u spend more than u make, u start cutting back? When U.S. spends more than it takes in, it keeps spending.
Going to be pouring some Bromigo around 7 for their amazing art exhibit by Emily Burke. Come on down.
Over under on how many cavities I have ?!? Lol“
the actual awards dinner is in June. I'll see if we can get 's trademark pose on film then.
Who wants to host a MONSTER Halloween Party??? Me me me!!
Happy Easter y'all :)
it does make a good wife.
Her bone structure screams, "touch her, touch her!" And she's got the curse of curves.
is my inspiration.<3
I really need to hit up Lucky's! Since im never home, i need food in my own slab!
It's about time woman......... Now I can get my day started
I guess ill get on twitter more....
Oh my, the media tech teacher is gorgeous!! How have I never seen him?!? :o
Aaron is amazing!
my bad.
Played at #troubadour last night and were incredible! Still thinking about it.
Ah, but the Phillies own him (6.22 ERA vs PHI in 14GS) think about that for a while...
Honey cocaine bitch!
Hopefully makes me some Thai tea in the morning
Any time I'm on nba.com there is a video playing somewhere. Very annoying.
no its me i just got a rumor msg about me
Terminator 2: Judgment Day of the Triffids
That's already what History does....
Yep, I'm also seeing third party sites that provide cover images - reminds me of myspace backgrounds/themes.
Starting my morning with some #heartofthecity and #knockedmeout :)
aha I did say that didn't I ;)
No. 28 pick in the #NFLDraft, the Green Bay #Packers select #USC LB Nick Perry
Yikes-- no wonder parking is so bad everywhere. Forgot about the Spring Breaker's.
Just added 2 da July16 Red Carpet Release Party @ Club Mandees Tiara Marie! This eis gonna be a Epic Event Trust me Don't miss This! Rt
DOESN'T MATTER IT'S STILL PITTSBURGH
Going to see the Titanic with !
I had forgotten. So Bartman basically had nothing to do with the Cubs collapse. The Cubs blew that one there own. I Feel bad for Bartman.
VA Delegate Ed Scott welcomed annual Legislative Trail Ride weekend to Madison County. Several House, Senate and McDonnell officials here.
Spot trending now in West Hollywood, CA: Hugo's Restaurant - American (live updates)
hey there Shanley! I'll be there in June. I dont get to be there as much as I would like.
There's no need to decide a game on something like that. Iguodala sold it well too.
BROOK GO TO LA<3
Harry Potter likes Tragedy Called Truth....YOU SHOULD TOO....Join us....tragedycalledtruth.com
Friday Free Day is happening today 3:30-5! Last one of January!
I want to play basketball w/strangers, shoot an air ball 10 straight times down the floor, then yell "My bad guys, just doing a heat Check."
Yes, time to get this state moving forward.
RT : The Who are so damn old they got oxygen tanks next to their instruments.
My biggest attribute will be my greatest downfall....
I just want you to be happy. I believe in all your dreams. You have an angelic smile
“: Fatal Accident Inqury concluded death of footballer Gordon Lennon caused by electrocution after off-road car crash -
Boring ass weekend like always because she doesn't let us go anywhere -__-
Good night until these girls ate our pizza and left wow People these days.
I wish I was in Scotland right now.
Happy Birthday Miranda! I remember watching you on Drake and Josh when you were 9! Now you're 19! It's insane! :]
New blog post kiddos! meghanjoyyoga.com
how many co-owners are there ? ( here )
I'm playing a show with them Monday! It's a disney band haha.
tx! RT : ...don't know if that email I just sent went through. But I dig yr website. The good taste is evident.
Snow in #pittsburgh got me thinking about bluegrass, sun,
"I forget a lot of things... but I don't forget much baseball."
We're looking for an artist to hang their work today or tomorrow. Please email portfolios to boilerrroomrj
thank you! :)
Walking the chubby dog be back in ten
Thanks Jon. Nice pick up in USA Today.
It's much too busy to be a Friday!
Oh, I'm always down. I say we get together and reminisce on the festival gyros of yore, and soon.
It. Was. Outstanding.
What a mistake <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Today will be a productive day! I will finish my paper! I will finish my instructional video! I will start another paper....
Just follow instructions www.rileysfortune.com and submit your creative ideas!! If you need help just let me know! =D
I got a new fire track for yall.
"Wow, that person looks good in their avi." ::clicks to zoom:: "...Dear god."
don't forget the Jaffa cakes
that's exactly how I feel. Its rather depressing. So many people out there already doing a better job. Why bother? :(
Got the new spot :D now I have to pack -_____-
is already playing now (DGpy5-jt)
NY's hottest club is Cucumber...Club owner that kid from Two & a Half Men has gone all out...(cont)
She leaves Sunday :(
That niches need to use community to build audience, and vice versa! The art is old but the books aren't.
I loved that movie.
those guys are always hanging out in the park w/their snazzy outfits. So well-behaved too.
Its about to be a long day
Excited.... Headed to L.A now!!
Your lil bro's cute, so I can see why. :))))
just did
That's why I prefer to let things pile up as PDFs--doesn't look so overwhelming then!
I'm either going to go insane waiting for the fifth season of Breaking Bad, or start my own meth lab to enact Season 5 myself.
Tonight: Cinco de Mayo. Thunder Watch Party. 5th Anniversary Party. Live Music with & Be There!!
No time to loose trend #happybirthdayjboogz this better fucking trend or ill go apeshit!!
Thanks for the RT
Ugh..another grey and dreary day..no 1's going to come out to play.
": overall how good or bad was the Ravens draft?" There is absolutely NO way 2 tell until Sept. Solid "on paper"
just called my wife "Holy Spirit Jr."--- Hilarious! Good talking to you man. Thanks for showing some love bro.
we're playing our first show in May in DC! Come out and say hi.
"I'm a great artist. I'm going to be an artist when I grow up." - Anna (4)
Sure! Come work with me instead!
Need to unleash some incredible hulk aggression on a punching bag
Thank you so much for the RT!
What a great sunday funday!! Our only dilemma is which game to put on the sound for lol.
Thanks for the RT's! Happy Mother's Day.
Awh my followers love me (:
Holler if you find yourself near Union Square with time for a coffee break. I tend to bring free books to friends these days.
LOL still man why you gotta hate
Do not anticipate trouble, or worry about what may never happen. Keep in the sunlight. Benjamin Franklin-
Our site is taking a bit longer than first expected, but it's coming along really well now and we're excited to be able to launch it soon!
“: 3 packed buses touring with :hive Jeanette Pierce is awesome!”-->Woo hoo!
RT : Mindfulness Rituals: 9 For Making Your Day Better - Global One TV: A Blog for Mystics - by Eric Allen Bell -...
Damn we're actually a bunch of attractive Oregon kids.
That would be hard to do for me without calculator or pen and paper. How can you do it in your head?
OH: "my agro cat reader won't open"
What grade are you in?
lol the virgin Mary.
When a directionater denies being a directionater and then dusnt know why I scream at the sight of a spoon -_-
what is it going to be??
Home from the gym. (:
Blowing kisses at on the interstate. >
Announcing as the primary sponsor for Thanks to the crew for being awesome & making possible!
I've used Dawn for...forever...& their new Power Clean is bad ass, but this Palmolive cleaned a nasty pan pretty quickly.
Two of my favorite words in Norwegian are "ikke/ikkje" and "prøvde". What are yours?
down to the wire! Vote on 26-125. Our libraries are a last bastion of intellectual freedom and exploration.
Check out my YouTube!!! W.youtube.com/amberrrcooperrr
Heading to 's Dec 8th social, and economic alliance's meeting Thursday. So much happenin', hard to choose.
Check out our newest #blog posts featuring a week 2 update and our weekend trip to #Auburn! crzroadtrip.blogspot.com
A last huzzah for my pal , fearsome media reporter but truly a sportswriter poet. and are so lucky!
The way u feel right now is eating me alive
Update: Please also check DirJournal’s list of Best Quotes About Life
it's VERY addicting - I kept seeing and posting them
Am I invited? RT : Haha! RT : Thinking about ditching work and having a pool party!
Missed you this weekend- but see you soon at the #sperrywedding engagement party!
Waiting for my first bundle
being told I look "phenomenal" >> makes my night (: thanks sweetie<3
Dear cute stranger, please do not smile and wish me a good night while we cross paths as you walk towards your car with another woman in it.
WE NOW HAVE FUNNELS,,, YES THAT'S RIGHT FUNNELS
Let's set up a google form & do preso about how procrastinators are most creative.
that's what I'm talkin boutRT : You Only Live Once That's The Motto Ninja YOLO !!! - Drizzy
content is about generating broader awareness, and lead generation is but one of the values
Twitter isn't what it use to be
#WhatHurtsTheMost is when you are barefoot and step on a Lego brick.
I always figured you for a coffee drinker
Everyone Have A Blessed, And Prosperous Day. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
what is sleep
Model #1: Protected carve-in. Mental Health Services would be administered by MCOs in HealthChoice along with medical care and addiction tx.
home sweet home!
Really one of those proud moments, it was awesome!
Ah, but you beat me to it on Facebook...
RT "Remember, we were born to shine..To squeeze every ounce of creativity, inspiration and joy out every moment we live."
Tell me who you got in the Thunder-Mavs series.
weirdo. haha is it bad that i kinda like that song
Texas Whirl Winds make a run. Cut the lead to 73 to 62 but Kings still up with 5 left in 3rd.
And a fiery #FF to -- if anyone can change the world, it's her.
Maybe I need a phycologist cause shit can b insane
A House In Bali opened last night and rocks again tonight at the cutler majestic theater in Boston...
Freaking gearing UP for tomorrow in Milwaukee!! I can't even contain myself!
Hubs and I working in the theatre together for the first time ever and I couldn't be more thrilled!
Out here on the perimeter there are no stars. Out here we is stoned. Immaculate
#chicultural2012 Planning Process Step 2: Nhood Cultural Conversations Goal: Delve deeper. Understand potential for nhood cultural vitality
#jrcls Church likely doesn't have a stand on border issues, they care about how we treat each other. - Cynthia Lange
im going to show at NYC sunday!!!! who else is coming???
no. not happening lol
I'm glad Kim won #Survivor. She played the best game by far.
Peyer parole denied. Details coming soon...
THANKS FOR THE PRAYERS HE IS SLEEPING NOW TREATMENT EVERY TWO HOURS HE HATES IT WE JUST WANT HIM BETTER AND HOME
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. ~Abraham Lincoln
acting classes sunday <33
Love: A temporary insanity curable by marriage. - Ambrose Bierce
"The more I am the less I know."
": BOUT TA GET HARD COPYZ<~Needem NOW"
We take this way too seriously.
We're excited to visit the Bridge Meadows multigenerational community for #foster and kinship care in PDX tomorrow.
#resume #tips Decide the company you want to work for, and meddle on LinkedIn with that company's name and see current employees. Connect.
Time to start looking for a new gig. Any suggestions? Lol
Gold. RT Must have been Tuesday night on PAD when Ivey said he had over 100 Million that the DOJ decided enough was enough.
Just be yourself and let the inner charisma do the work
thanks so much for all your hard work!
We gotta thank for pressing this record w/ us. Can't wait till you hold and listen to this!
Atl Biz Chron's book of lists (Top 15 Builders), DR Horton #1 w/ 648 Homes sold. NO ONE OUTSIDE OF THE TOP 10 SOLD MORE THAN 50 HOMES 2K11.
Overheard in Lobby- "I forgot my belt and have a presentation in 40min. Can I borrow yours? I'm a size 34."
Ludovic Bource wins The Oscar for best original score "the artist"
Good Morning you..... never enough good morning greetings IMO
Metta World Peace gets a 7 game suspension by the #NBA. Any more & he wouldve cursed David Stern & the world & returned as Magneto Darkseid.
Hope you get to go!
As New Orleans businesses, industries, and educational institutions grow, their amounts of documentation increase. ScribeModerne can help!
so should I expect another phone call tonight? Haha
hahaha really? yeah buddy :)
#fact Directv has packages starting as low as $29.99 a month!
Things are just getting to me
Anybody know of a cheap ATL spot for & I to script for a few months? Needs to be quiet, small and boring.
Hey clown! *shoots bird* RT : Hey Celine...~waves~lol
« I'm a woman who does not smoke or drink!»..... -___- lies
Love it! I literally just downloaded it this morning.
I really think should come to my school and teach the boys how to act like gentleman and how to dress! And not be so rude!
he just got on the train at Baltimore Penn and went to the front of the front car (maybe rode with the driver?) til DC
Aye that Halo 4 comes out 11/6 do, the brothers gonna be ballin online wit me online?
#DFWC , good times
<<<-": #Haitianmen don't steal they rather work for their shit...."
Damon's arm is awful.
I have officially named my remote control "Waldo"
I just get so pissed and hurt. I have feelings. I only look strong on the outside.
You should know, they don't airlift brown people. They might pay for a cab to UNM ER.
Let us know what type of Phone, and where it crashes and we can assist you! Please email
good morning to my followers
can't wait for the new season of single ladies ^.^
: Hey good lookin' ===> Having such a good day. I'm making money, y'all.
I try to be a good older sister and give my little brothers the best advice so they won't get hurt by girls in life, but they never listen
Saying swag in every tweet makes you look like a bro/douchebag.
B stole my thunder, I was going to say Hill or Randle too...
All girls are flirts, But some are restrained by shyness,and others by sense
Lol white chicks is funny af
it's better that way more for me, lol
ok, I'll be around.
Sweet Dreams :)
hahaha you guys would mention him, now he might read this :P
We had a wonderful time at the gala. Thanks again!
Sean Kelly of The Samples playing live sat. Nov 27th!
Wtf is up with pawn/antique shows takin over reality tv? America is turnin into a buncha trash diggin fags!
CJ Watson/John Lucas combined for 27 points and 7 assists with just 2 turnovers. They were annihilated on defense though. Bulls will be fine
NEVER gonna be TRUE Mahomies like us ;) <3
Would love to connect. We were just at lunch discussing next tweetup! Cheers!
Yes! The cherry blossom festival started this week, so Eric's taking me out to dinner & we'll go see the pretty trees! :)
I <3 taco Tuesday :)
we all want nothing more than your love, peace and happiness. In whatever form you seek and find it. Love always and forever.
“: what's hood ???”good today
Happy Monday Afternoon! How was everyone's weekend?
Lamest fucking #nye, makes me question EVERYTHING and EVERYBODY.
Well hopefully Ulta Beauty's new locations! How do you find out about these new business before everyon else??
I'm really liking the new season of punkd.
Your amazing !! :D & I LOVE how you stay true to your fans ! (: xx
Thank you! I have so much fun working on the show.
why did she pick stefan its just gonna be like season 1 and 2 so boring she should of picked damon but i still have hope
Real or Fake it doesn't matter. Marv Albert has great hair for an old guy.
If ND joined the ACC today, who would be the 16th team: UConn or Rutgers?
did you know that after 6 years your new car is required a smog check up by the boards of the DMV in California
Good D!!
I wanna go back to sleep
now I'm stuck at school ALONE for like a half an hour.
Me too! I had to redesign a portion of the garden & I need to buy some shrubs. It's a lot of work, but it will be worth it.
oh OK! they still can't have reunion without him. just like new edition without bobby
Why do the weird things always happen in the doctor's office?
Lolol. Right! I can't be bothered with it though.
Lol... So true! “: Yes we got that! RT : But we have Miss America!"
Your objective is one step to reaching your overall goal
where there tickets at the door ?
Yup, shot the whole thing on that puppy
I officially HATE moving.......
you do know that was a rhetorical question right?
Texas! You've been patient, and we're ecstatic to tell you we're loading a truck this week and it's headed to Austin.
why not help everyday people get rid of old diamonds/memories by paying them fairly?
Sorry to hear you're "not in the spirit" yet. But buying a house is a darn good Xmas present to yourself!
Can't wait to see next week!!!!
It's hella hot in wyoming
We would like to thank eventures - corporate event productions for providing us with the wonderful table at the okBride Bridal show.
1 hour til Dinner break. Should have grabbed pizza on my last break. 60 left. Top 18 pay. A little below avg
Right here! Working on We are at #Pittsburgh #PGH at #3RFFest!
Learned a lot from other people today. Learning is always good.
All the time he's boxing, he's thinking. All the time he was thinking, I was hitting him. Jack Dempsey
Well, today is Sunday, a day of rest... unless you got things to do... if so... poor baby!
thanks courtney you so Awsome !!!!!! #Fisk go Courtney were so proud of you !!!!!!
#BEATit like some
haha I had a little suspion u two would ;)
Kiss her like its the last kiss you'll ever experience.
What's film?
" Linking all of these social media is what makes a success for your marketing strategy." A Lean Marketing Revolution: (Kindle Location 392)
don't know if it helps,but the issue exists for me on the website too.i hit go, it doesn't load.refresh fixes it till i'm inactive
sad statement that in 2012 women still can't be knowledgeable about sports
I was on my phone, but I dunno yet
would you change something about yourself that made you happy...in order to make someone else happy?
I'll beat the beat up up up up up up up I'll beat the beat up up up up up up up
Bryan Yates is back and ready to go. Adult Jazz/Funk tonight @ 8pm. Come dance, sweat and LIVE!!
morning :) awsum day...from new york :)
this day, in 1775, Oxygen was discovered by Joseph Priestley
#dancing next week on Monday 7/25 is #worththewait! Come and support us!
Valentines day improved via class at and John pizzarelli playing over speakers at teaism.
I had a dream I was eating a giant marshmallow, when I woke up my pillow was missing and...[Complete the Joke]
Am I the only one working today?
I really can't stand it when people cough and don't cover their mouths!
show me a hot chick, i'll show you a guy who's tired of fucking her.
Last tweet of the year for me. There it is.
#WickedCarnival is gonna be major one day soon! search it on facebook for a closer look
": her name is " that's what's up
South Korea and England Hwating
RT : will be reopening its Iranian version of the project starting the weekend of March 17th!!
Gotcha. Where are you going again??
"If it's the last thing that I do..."
What were you wearing? : Why do the men at barber shops act like animals when they see a girl? Losers.
you should Follow Mee (: ! Ah . and forreal TBH: i wanna come kick it with yall . ! lmfaoooooo
oh i actually haven't but it's just my style LOVE it thank you!!
totally want to join! Yes!
woodland hills brutha...
Say what?
I use a facebook app named cueler. It auto posts my youtube vids to my page.
Tweeting my win at this year's Pitchapalooza as part of The Texas Book Festival.
Who else is excited for #OpeningDay! Go #SanDiego!
Hey Michael! How ate you feeling?
DrawSomething is the POGs of apps
Clearing up my timeline ...
You'll see a link on the left rail that says "claim company" after you log in. Thanks!
For those not in the know... Dysport and Botox "relax" the facial wrinkles & in the right hands, give beautiful natural(!) results
We met many years ago in Boca Raton. There are those of us who know the real story. Please, keep your head up. Blessings 2 u.
have a wonderful christmas :)
So…I don't know, but neither does anyone else, either. Until they do…it's not a viable option.
Also don't be like me and keep smoking anyways
I was gonna tell you.lol
It's probably a good idea to have your furnace or boiler checked this fall. Tune up Special $75 & $50 for each additional!!
May as well embrace it. :)
2 men driving in a car. Heisenberg: I think you just ran over a cat. Schrödinger: Is it dead? Heisenberg: Hmm, I can’t be certain. \o/
Spending the day writing reports. As a designer I can't help but think about better ways of showing data. Goin 2 try today
Today I speak at the NACWE Teleconference w/ on the Power of Joint Ventures. It is not too late to join us!...
Made a resolve to be on relevant social networks for the next wave of live filming... Any in SA have any info on live bands Sept30,Oct 1st?
Yay! Glad to hear that.
lmao! It's very real. Feel bad for the dude too. Cats is willing to wait hours to NOT get cut by you! Lol
hows the ignite event going??
NO! he likes Bieber! :(
Not to Happy rite now!!!!
Every time I'm in the barbershop I fall asleep in the chair!
Bay View Bash is rocking. Come down for a chorizo, bbq chicken, Italian sandwiches! ! Corner of russell and logan.
Rahm- hilarious. Was this a lesson in how to use "colorful" words and still funtion as a respectable public servant?
In Sacramento for CAA Legislative Conference. Waiting with our membership to hear from Gov. Brown.
Jason's Deli's spicy seafood gumbo is delicious<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
#FF #HRHappyHour Wow, thanks! Great company too!
no but I totally do that!!!
Do you know the facts behind Arizona&#39;s immigration law? Take our quiz.
can I get a <3 please???
Anyone want to play in a softball tourny tonight? 7-12. its indoor
": I'll be there on the first day as always...oh no wait, I forgot...greed won out" There'll b at least 3 public
you can listen, see I am the real joeshow
wow thanks so much , maybe this will help me gain followers. Have a great day!
love you & your avi <U+2665>
If I were to train with any athlete in the world, I would train with ___________.
RT : By the way, we'll miss this year Did you know he is on the #ArtsManagement advisory council?
tough life in general for Stoudamire. to think i was so pissed when the Heat didnt get him lol
#NowPlaying "Sophie Needs A Ladder (Original mix)" by Deadmau5! #mymoodtypeofmusic :)
How could I join those #TEAMBACKPACK Cyphers?
Metaphor heaven. and they approve nicki like my credit score 7.
Thanks for being a ferocious hostess for our #saa11 all attendee reception. It was great to see you in person
IT WOULD BE WEIRD
go back and get me one hah!!!
Thanks! WOW -- great event!!!
RT : Isn't Mifflin almost entirely trespassing >> Yes, but trespassing with keg stands.
The flash on the iphone keeps turning on and off on its own. This can't be a good sign.
Being late on everything is my trademark, tho. And wow at a German word being censored.
Excited to see our BIM Manager share the latest and greatest in BIM technology with our team!
k bye
Angry Birds everywhere! They're above me! Duck! Oh wait those are real.
wish i had a real life hot tub time machine...travel time in hydrotherapeutic fashion. i can tell it's gonna be a long day...
All politics aside, #Santorum And with that little crack I realize that you are not worth following, ta ta
I love how Vinny went from talking about Harry Potter to The Hunger Games<3
yo what u on tonite? I'm be in ur city yo ...
QT : don't be places we comfy at with no biatchhhh #rulestothisshit ( no sah....u a gwan bad ina y day....
Someone who really loves you sees what a mess you can be, how moody you can get, how hard you are to handle, but still wants u in their life
When was the last time u took your spouse out and had a good time? Have fun with your spouse tonight. Leave the past in the past & have fun!
Warm up from the damp fog with a cup of Golden Assam and a whole grain bagel
Going to be in San Francisco this weekend. Any recommendations for nights/events going on? Saw DJ Assault was playing.
the look in his face when I tell him "I'm married sorry"priceless LOL
Even Ozzie Guillen wouldn't say that dealing w/ the Maloofs is like dealing with North Korea. C'mon Sacramento.
Finally getting around to eat the Italian gravy I made last night. I need to open a restaurant. Damn is this stuff good...
I write to help others help themselves by finding employment and becoming a government contractor.
My boyfriend just told me I smell like burnt mdf board...how'd that happen??
“: : Artest better get at least 20 games Clean Play, you got to love the way he plays how about I try that on u then?
Thanks for RT my Shadowy friend. Heading to Paris in a couple of days. Will be looking for those steps in Midnight in Paris
Can't handle it.
When you finish a 5 page paper and realized it never saved. So pissed. Now to rewriting this shit.
Dude, These people at the hospital check stuff sucks booty hole !
...I can always be put in the running to take over Rush Limbaugh when he's done, haha.
<U+200E>"SNO" Sticker's Arrived. www.SnoClothing.com
Tweeps: Anyone know if there's an app to put your DVR on your iPad? Verizon Fios service.
Shakira attacked by a sea lion?! I will find that sea lion and make a coat out of him, how dare he try to take away my Shakira.
I do hope Shadow Dancer is good. Didn't mention it because it hasn't got a US release date yet. Owen is a mensch.
Snoop and dre brought out wiz and 50. This is so nasty.
it's the truth you really do
Tbh that ruined my fucking mood..
Love it! Lol RT : Just found myself nodding my head to the beat of my dishwasher.
My mom and nephew are coming to one of my classes on Wed. I'll have to be on my game and cut the swearing. :)
we'll make that happen! :) I only ever workout w/ hubby... Gimme bout 6 more months, gotta deliver and then recover! LOL!
Came close to fainting in class today. What's your most embarrassing teaching moment?
she say she love me i kn she lying
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY !! Your an amazing,hardworking mom. Love you :)
..happy is an exaggeration; would give up the world to have mines back.. missing the Kidd!! 090909
What a gutless classless remark
Excited to have & in Cleveland. Hope loves America as much as her husband.
Researching the uses and value of Twitter
snowball battle
The boredom at work though
I can not wait until Thursday. (:
haha because I followed you on twitter even though we still have yet to meet up, even after moving to my side of the country?
Rats! FOIAed again!
lolololol I've been reading all yalls tweets and that's just cray cray expensive <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Lol is this my reputation now? RT : you should be on speed dial for anything Charlie related lol
"emmillllyyy emmillllyyy" haha! yep, he's a singer/songwriter alright! That fool must have written 98% of the songs on country radio.
Awesome! Keep me updated....
Should we make a Soceity of Promiscous Scholars tee?
you must be joking! His defence is consistently terrible, especially the secondary.
Who wants to golf w #Tiger @ #Masters? find out here www.ussportspages.com
I know it doesn't matter, but it doesn't hurt
Apparently living together means sitting six feet away from each other at our computer desks...
The Manhattannhenge is pretty cool! Didn't know that.
so im going all out as ariel, haylee is aurora, jessica is rapunzal and I think Briscoe is gonna be Belle!
Sad but True
I just got your DM bro. Thanks. I'll hit you back today. You're a Nole so you know that ACC & SEC merch does crazy biz here in FL
that's my point how u gay and don't know what to do wit em? Lmao
Grading is exhausting but gratifying this time around - students of The Internet is Another Country showing some great stuff
Also, how come when we regularly tweet, we lose followers, but when we go incommunicado for 3 months we gain 85?
If it falls brand new stove on me. Walla
Enjoying these hash tags: #mifflin #cincodemifflin Ah, the memories.
Thanks for your support!!!
Sometimes in my dreams I get bored and go to sleep.
what I don't understand is what's happening with Cameron and the horse thing.
Two Door Cinema Club.
I had canceled my att contract back in July. Hate att AND iphones. Need a real phone to work. Bberries are real phones.
This Friday 6/24 9pm at The Wine Cellar in
I havent gone tanning in like 2 weeks. Its a record.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> get out of town haha I was waiting until you couldn't get one.
Teeheeee, we're both dancers :)
join me on branchout
Just listening to music on my iPod and on here just smiling at my Nick BG. :D
Why did the twins make that script about Elease sucking dick? They know they suck dick too lmao
Thank God! I passed my Master's defense! :)
Let's go #Knicks !!!
You just got yo cherry popped ^_^
seriously their just garbage, city's gonna be running all night cuz of them and well be covering till 8am
Wish I had a friend to complain about people to.
Off to school but all I want to do is listen to 1D
#RT if you lost anyone to bullying.
Loving the Will Ferrill tribute on PBS
Apparently Easter is a big deal back east. Kids get freaking days off school for it. Huh?
Beckett? 500K per START, canNOT start so plays GOLF? WT? "No incentive" is RIGHT #PlanetMikey #TheBigShow #M&M #D&C (&M)
WOW Snookie is Prego...I see a Maury you are NOT the father episode in about a year..
I refuse to pay more than $250 for a concert ticket..
sad, sad, news
New Biz: blogs and social media hasn't worked. We are focusing on more face time. (Hale Chan - Willamette)
My thoughts exactly DDK As the stories unfold I find the incredible loss of life and devastation so saddening.
Technology is a wonderful thing!
umm, comments are for the comments section I believe, but let me check. HAH!
Looking forward to my 1K-mile flight down for #FLACON2012!
Upper body = SO sore. Rock climbing, you win. This time.
hahah fair enough some people think I'm 30 ad I'm nowhere near it so I feel ya
but god damn, these are your last shows. People paid a lot of money, came from all over the world...have some fun, sheesh.
Ppl nutty over this Time cover: Its none of ur business if women want 2 breastfeed their kids forever. Its her husband's business. Not yours
Oh, Who doesn't love Boone Alexander!?!?! Maybe he needs to visit in the studio!
I'm so early to school . Tf
Sorry, is taken. But try RT : #ItsTime RT I hate my twitter handle. Time for a change.
Yep, remember my years in the classroom. Wish I had a nickel for every dollar of my own money spent for supplies!
“: where you niggas play at?” forest lakes come play! I'm trying to go in the next 30in of Lu picks up
Who won the fight?
Mark Davis killing it today for
i should go to sleep half day tomrrow so yeeah :/
Tim Tebow reports that Morgan Freeman's voice does, in fact, sound like God's.
youu crack me up girl(:
such a great movie! I definitely remember watching that together :-)
Inspired by my time in Austin, I'm having tacos for breakfast.
Always a mystery when u find random hairs that aren't yours in your bathroom
Been burned by property management companies? Come see us...you collect the money directly!
lmao I don't loser
That is good news!
hey bay whats up with u
;) RT : Thanks to for a great experience this week. We really enjoyed the Aspen Social Club!
my sister was watching that & i walked in and it reminds me of Austin....
multiple 3s in his heart..he so wants me.
Don't let Tony Dungy leave! Bring him back! Bring him back!
Fantastic time with and over the weekend. Weather was beautiful and love eating out in the courtyard
Seems like somebody keeps talking and wants them to
I feel like callin it a early night. Im sleepy
#storagewars great show. Barry "hey Dave, shut your pie hole."
I'm In The Murda Bizness
Bout bored af
yes she does!!! Wish i saw her more than a few times a year. Ok nitey nite I should be going to bed myself...lol
We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails.
Buenos Aires, not the easiest place to do business, breathe, or speak english, but the food, architecture, and culture are world class.
The worst moments , when your boyfriend caught you with another guy !
Revisiting Drake's 'Take Care' lately. This is a really emo hip-hop album. Are things still emo?
I think I'd like #collectiondevelopment. Too bad I never took a class in it. Any book/blog/internet recmdations for teaching myself?
lol white and nerdy just shuffled on my itunes
How do you make a trombone sound like a french horn? Stick your hand in the bell and play all the wrong notes.
Hmm.. what kind of shirt design to make next..
Sometimes the best thing you can do is not think, not wonder. Just breathe, and have #faith that everything will work out for the best.
If someone beats you up, laugh in his face, spit blood at him and tell him, "good luck, I'll find you." You lost, but he'll be worried.
This civilian life got me spoiled not wanting to get up in the morning.. I got to get it together...in class with the sleep monster...
Second Life is a powerful tool for building global communities, & steampunk is huge there. If you've never been, look into it.
I did
Also, you misspelled Renquist. It has an "h" in it.
Aw, Well Of Course I Wouldn't Know.
Did my taxes. Owed the "man"... wait for it... $5. Interest free loan to the government?! Hell no!
the feeling is mutual.
Was yesterday for real? Omg.
Jose Lopez just jacked a 3 run bomb. Unreal.
Off to sit chairs that cause more harm than whatever the doc does.
This is great! Please let us know how your #TIB project goes. RT: My J-term class is focusing on
Im ready for school /: IM READY IM READY IM READY! Bahaha. Lolol.
Southwest is coming to PWM---> is this finally happening for real? I live in Portland, OR & have been waiting for this!
Increased the amount of Quinoa in my diet... Energy level and mood are much better. #completeprotein #vitamins&minerals
well... look for people who need help... who are in need... and help them.
For a creative writer possession of the "truth" is less important than emotional sincerity. -- George Orwell
I'll go too !
Could be that this person does not care.... Welp, I font give a hoot!!!
What is it?
To stay up all night writing my essay or to not stay up? Well sleep, looks like you win again.
Look forward to reading it. I like Pomeranz and all, but loathe his arm action on the backside. So damn choppy.
Hi Alex very happy you got it hope you have a blast. Love you more.
New rule: If you make more than 1 bracket you have to pick one as your "real" bracket before noon today.
Knowledge is power!!
No wonder all these dogs are barking theres a lose dog.! Imma get it and throw it away if it gets near me !
Come on #Caps! Make this night tolerable!
LOOL,she should teach me ..
i really don't understand why girls with NO type of booty insist on making "twerking" videos
I just saw your tweet now. Yeah, the story of the mountain lion getting hit was so sad. He was a cute kitten. :(
Not so good with adults who need excessive kudos. Something I should work on?
'The world is so interconnected that bad news anywhere is bad news everywhere' -Barney Frank via
We are excited to read your work! On August 3rd or so we will re-open submissions so get some stuff ready for us!
Yeah! That would've been an awesome saber fight between all of them.
i woke up remembering that I bought #vanhalen vip tickets! So happy rock music is back! Take that MTV!
QoTD: "If you're afraid to fail, you'll never succeed." (Dan Gable)
Excited 2CU RT : looking forward to the Green house reunion dinner on the 23rd. Great idea! Hmm who has survived?
waiting to take a final
It was amazing!! I love you more and more with each episode. Haha
So excited for my invite! Sounds like it'll be just a few weeks now.
If you could only choose one: Power Lace Sneakers or Hoverboard?
Looks like I have to cancel my trip. RT: It’s against the law to leave your house in Thailand if you’re not wearing underwear.
I'm not evening going to say when I graduated. You can guess. I went to roosevelt, newark until half my senior year.
: I don't say much. .... I just eat ice-cream sandwiches.
it is on page 6 paragraph 5. Can u follow so I can DM u? I sent email to norlander but don't have your email add.
got mixtape on deck. got voodoo niteclub on deck! meeting a new singer today - gotta make ur own moves and others will follow
Thanks dude. (: I'll ask people what they think about it.
Aetna seems to have decent small group plans. Talk to Marly - she's evaluating for us now.
Another tidbit from Eileen "Finish a project then celebrate and REPORT on what you did"
If you didn't get your back pack - come in& pick it up - only a few left! Leon
<U+2640>To The World You May Be Just One Person, But To One Person You May Be The World<U+2640>
Unknown~ Talent does what it can genius does what it must.
in Denton! Brings back memories of Nashville! :)
Yesterday I drafted a collation statement for an e-book. Did Bowers roll over in his grave?
Will miss the Civic Engagement meeting @ West Center today. Heading to La Mesa to housesit. First time ever caring for a bearded dragon.
Getting a jump start on the new year by archiving all of my 2011 desktop files and setting up for 2012. Ah, the joys of starting fresh.
Brahms Symphony No. 3 all week to get me through 3 papers. The reward will be performance next weekend.
the next
Thanks for the support! See you soon :)
Im pumped about my next hair style!!
It's only 10:30 and I have already crossed about 3 things off my to-do list!
#SpaghettiOs, Hot Buffalo Pretzels, &
Seriously, Dolce and Gabbana Light Blue for men smells amazing
Photo submitted for a fashion contest is a finalist! Need to submit final items!
Check out Irendering.com, they did great work for me
At the cbcf pheonix dinner watching president obama
Best whip should be a judged event for sure.
Pretty amped for my dad to be here tomorrow. First time he's visited since I moved to FL. And he's meeting
I have her email..just haven't contacted her yet.
this is the power of LOVE !")
gained four pounds during weekend in Vegas - time Tobit the #JuiceFast for three days!
Dana Holgerson will probably go easy on those 2 arrested if he learns they were stealing Red Bull for him.
Kevin Doell has recorded 5 points (2g, 3a) in four games with the Chicago Wolves
. SM MUST integrate w/ traditional...if you're doing both...they feed off of and into each other
Don't call me a Homewrecker because your boyfriend likes me sweetie. :)
Ouch that hurt.
I can't wait until I don't have to live with my parents
She can deal with stress and carry heavy burdens. she smiles when she feel like screaming, and she sings when she feels like Crying.
Tell him to sell the team or at least run it better.
#nw John Q
Q: Why are fish so smart? A: They are always in schools!
hiya robin.. MUwahhhhhhh
Sounds fun! Can't wait to see you! RT : Absolutely! Very much looking forward to our Pabu sake + sushi date...
You can never be old and wise if you were never young and crazy.
": I ask you again Mr. Maloney--do you support the termination of Frank Spaziani? #FireSpaz #PLEASEANSWERME #BCEagles"
Stocks mixed in early going, with JPM weighing on Dow. Key avgs poised for weekly declines at this point.
not worth reading all the #masterchefau tweets - everyone is so negative! Stop watching if all you can do is have a go at people
Alt N Bach rules. Been a long time since I was last there.
God morning!
Tigers gonna get em tomorrow
should've came yesterday. I hardly ever work Sundays.
I cant spend the whole day on twitter, i dont know y.
Gotta go with S.O.S. ": I'm having the hardest time picking which Jonas Brothers lyrics to get tattooed..."
What are you doing to get your week started on a good note?
I agree girly! California L O V E!
Dust mite allergy is the most common cause of year-round allergy symptoms in both children and adults. It is estimated that as many as...
Drinking some mammajuana on my brother jamals name
War Wand. Hendo/Shogun is fight of the year for sure!
On my way to Rockafeller Center to appear on the Today Show! Tune into NBC at 8:35am to see me make my TV modelling debut!
I'm getting fucked with Sam
can I come?
Holy eff. That's so absolutely wonderful. Congrats! They look great.
purple because penguins cant fly RT : RT : If I have 5 apples and Jamal takes 3, what color is Jamal?
Maybe #Orioles should have brought #ChrisDavis in to pitch tonight.
Happy take your v-card day! Lol
wats up with u?
RT & - The Dumbway youtube.com/watch?v=rMjTXF… Download Now!
so you can listen to music in one ear??
What ya gonna do when you find out Im perfect for you? Watch out its gonna drive you crazy
"And when the oceans rage, I don't have to be afraid. I know that You love me cuz your love never fails." Thank You for Your unfailing love!
My mom asked me if I stole this purse..yeah, mom. I stole a Louis Vuitton.
=Off to the racetrack in Canton :-).
are...are you saying old people are ugly?!?!?!?!?!
When Jameer does that hop skip high step down the floor I want to nickname him My Little Pony.
almost fainted when I just saw that Alphonso Lingis will be in Denver next month; I haven't had breakfast or lunch yet
Well today is the first day of March, let the stress begin.
Learning about sharing historical authority...lots of tough questions.
“Only as high as I reach can I grow, only as far as I seek can I go, only as deep as I look can I see, only as much as I dream can I be.”
This might be my big break
Mother's Day special already selling like hot cakes. Email soon to get your order in!
My last retweet is oh so true
ya and i remember u saying something about him not liking you. lol
Fmr Pitt HC Todd Graham: "I made a mistake. The mistake was I probably should have never gone to Pittsburgh in the first place."
That was awful
Can you be my nanny? Not for me, but for my daughter Gianna?
aww you look so sad :(
Are you fulfilling your life's passion? Or, someone else's passion enslaving you to work?
Going to see Hot Chelle Rae in 1 day !!!
About to leave the gym! Had a great workout! I'll be back later! "Gotta, Get It In!!!!"
yamaha bass was polished wood (huh-huh) and had stickers on it.
thanks for the
on 75 u miss me
I'm enjoying all the color and pagentry.. of commercials!~ good thing this has limited interruptions
That article is ridiculous! I'm sorry, but I think people are really overreacting.
Have you been to Garces Trading Co yet? Get Revolution there before they run out!
when are we getting lunch?
Education > Poverty
I'm getting a subway today! Ham and cheese with a little bit of mayo!
Woot! Do they look passable?
Your my boo thanng
Back on set today!
I'm not the same naive girl I was four years ago. Seriously. Give me some credit.
RT : So... What you're saying is water-boarding is torture, but abortion is not murder? Yeah...No.
Nice W boys :)
wen I walk in I said it 3 times then I got up and left
Tonight is Ladies night The Anchor Bar. Come in for $5 Three Olives Vodka Drinks and $3 Wines..
how cute :)
Time to present on framing of polling agenda surrounding health care; if you're at #Mpsa2012 you should join us!
congrats! This despite being in ze corner.
watching deadliest catch
This girl is so excited to be a gypsy...
there was a #coffee #tweetup and no one told me?! Haha! Have fun guys! :-)
Save those $$$$-- $29 for a Mani-Pedi at Nails By Tracy, only on www.crowdclick.com
Hey you guys better start acting right or I will send 1 of you to an orphanage and the other to a Chinese sweat shop
well yea sorta but i did go to bed at 4 in the morning or even later than that i dont remember. haha.
BRILLIANT. RT Sign in a store: "Unattended children will be given a shot of espresso and a free puppy."
Get ready for blastoff... and the happiest of hours! 2 for 1 drinks and $2 off apps start in 30 minutes and goes all the way to 7pm!
bob! Lets see a movie tonight!
#switc11 It's a very exciting time to be in IT at Indiana University!
i tweet you all the time, think about u 24/7, my room is covered in ur posters, your all i listen too! But u never notice me:(
Just finished the book "chariots of the gods"...such a great book, I would definitely recommend reading it
Ok good. That's right. And I am glad Juliette got this far she deserved it. And Jermaine deserved first.
Wicked ladies dont play. When we're not threatening to "cut a bitch" we're "shankin a bitch" Cc:
Yeah! Very cool! Thanks for passing it along. Did you listen to Colin Stetson with Dad?
one of those days where all I've done is eat
So the answer is yes. We finally have a sunny day here in Venice. Long overdue! Will you be on this side of town later?
So so happy to be back in the sunny 80 degree weather !
All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them. Galileo Galilei (1564 - 1642
Back at ya, Russ!
": Looking forward to having in tonight." The cream corn is to die for!
Had fun rehersing for "Revange of Space Pandad". Come see me at PAC.
Was down to 8500 but won a toss, 18k at 75/150
ORD - > RDU. I hope. Heavy snow coming down in Chicago....
Staging, choreography, shooting all in planning. Praying to keep up the strength to reach our goals for the show! Such an experience! :)
In the end everything you do is just everything you've done
Keep trying good luck! ": Well as usual I didn't win but I won't stop trying! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>"
hey sis get with me
AWWW!!! where do u live I liv in Wisconsin. I can take you home and keep u safe and happy
Happy Easter to all who celebrate.
Follow , it tweets every time a new #trend hits the top 10.
the yuppies say hello!!! ;)
It's not about "what you believe" ~ it's about "what you practice." (Thank you for sharing that, Carol!)
So sorry I missed your question! We had a power outage and our uninterrupted power supply failed. Really sorry for any problem!
- for sure. Have you heard anything about a new record from them?
Thanks, bestie. I'll send you some photos from trip you will love.(doing laundry, not ready to wash blankie yet)
Thinking about getting another car....
is always a snappy dresser. Loving what he has been wearing. I want one of those damn ties he had on.
worked out so hard today at the YMCA that i threw up. now it's time to eat my weight in banana cream pie.
Sorry how inconsiderate of me! I meant my homie g dog or something... (spoken like a white person)
I would have paid a lot too! :-)
dang girl!
Yes thanks my BOO
Seriously. These parents don't even realize what their children are doing to other kids.
happy mothers day Cynthia
thanks so much that's awesome! We really appreciate your support <3
happy belated anniversary!! All the best!
That's the spirit! RT : I am determined to put Batesville, Indiana on the map for Innovation, start ups and technology!
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LYFEEEEE ~
Jicama, papaya, and watermelon for lunch <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Got 'yard of the month; now lady across street is busting butt to get it next month & leaves porch light on 4 us to see what she's done, lol
does anyone in your house with a computer have itunes on it? that's all the phone really needs to unlock itself
thanks for putting it together!
Would like to beat the shit out of reps from condo aasociation.
just buy one and tell him that it is an advance for all the work you do raising his daughter. Usually works for my wife :)
hello and you're welcome!
If 1 in 3 small businesses were to hire 1 new FT employee the US would be at full employment!
i feel awkward and im not even part of there conversation.....
Guess I'm not missing much. RT : How much do you hate Iran? How much do you love Israel?
Why is mary matalin on tv right now.. did they run out of people to call in for commentary?
Tuesdays that feel like Mondays after a break -
I just received some very nice tracks been listening all day! I'm excited
some Mind in a Box and a little smoke before le workoutzzz
Follow me i follow back be back in a while
waiting for Coraline 3D to start
- My Mom wants your blue sparkley glasses, and your shoes from last episode! :) I told her i'd mention, just in case... :)
thing maybe Cruz and Haley should talk about it instead of his coming to me.
thank you so much! ugh, i just thought about what i really talk like.
Awesome workout!! So pumped to rock the f*ck out of today's audition!!! \m/ \m/
I'm tired of trying Sick of crying Yeah i'm smiling but inside i'm dying
It's actually cause is from Cleveland, but your idea is much better!
I may have tweeted to soon! Lol & Reggie Evans are back in the game..!
Oh and green tea. Thank the god(s) for it everyday.
Chris browns new song >>>
Thanks for the RT ! Have an amazing day today!
lol....love it.
because I'm Hilarious and interesting
lol they're my off the court kicks no worries
TGIF! Where's ma drank? RT :
When I don't see you, I'm perfectly fine and I can move on. But the second I see your face, I'm back to wishing you were mine again.
Having been to Japan, I can attest to how great a place it is. Like so many others, I wish them the best, & pray this madness subsides.
The Playoff Quest for Lord Stanley's Cup Begins Today! Let's Go #Blues Tomorrow!
Good luck to all of out TECH Titans on the AAU circuit this weekend. This is 1 of the reasons you put hours of work in. Get 2 the next level
With JBolo! & Jomsocial, are group chats private or public? the demo sites don't show this feature
I'm very proud of my birthplace...Tuskegee Alabama! Its getting represented very well in Hollywood!
synchronicity is just one of the many wonderful effects of "excessive" caffeine
Hate #bestbuy santa ads. We already commercialize holidays enough, no need to poop on santa
So excited about Ghirardelli brownies being on sale. It's the little things in life.
You're expensive, moody, and passive-aggressive, but I live for your rare shiny sunny days.
ill wash dishes if it means retiring my uggs
Social crazies! I like. U buy the domain yet? Just in case u wanna start a nonprofit or sumthin. ;^)
Headshot Tip: A bright colored shirt is not enough to make your photo pop...lighting, composition, backgrounds, and creativity are crucial!
The term "6:35 Train to Hicksville" is Swedish for "Assholes to the town Billy Joel's from"
I come home.. and my old car is in my driveway. along with the one I have now..
My mom just asked me where was i at?? Um school...
's mountain dew commercial > <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
nothing says 'silence' like shouting #ALEC from every roof. Not about silence: democracy requires transparency. Why hide if up&up?
At The El Ray getting my New Orleans fix listening to Trombone Shorty with my Paul Rae and friends.
will smith
Rumor is Peyton Manning will be released by Indianapolis by Thursday and the Jets will be in hot pursuit
Next Saturday TryOuts is changing its Friday nights and becoming the official BYOB nightclub!!! 18 & up welcome. Saturdays for members still
can wear drawers if she wants to. THEE ONLY PPL THAT CARE IS U.
Loving all these commercials. Can I be you?
LOL! Thank you!
Lehigh!!!!!! As a Lafayette fan, this is the only time I will cheer for you but that was pure amazing.
Downloading that new Chelsea Grin song. So good!
Setting up our headquarters today and tomorrow, should be up and running by Saturday.
then again I'm very popular, people don't even bother me in HS
There's one shot, damnit!
When you fall in love, your life is no longer ordinary. Real love is an event that changes us all.
Man I'm leaving for up north this Friday. But awesome news.
lady you be smokin' hot!!! we're sharing you all over the web in a second! xoxo
Omg I hope I got those questions right please check your messages and let me win :D <3
I saw about 5 girls (so far) wearing dresses/skirts that they should not be wearing. >.< Let the count-up begin!
The Girl Who Poo-Poo'd Dung Beetles
IMA PUKE!!! hold my purse !!
anytime bro, imma try to leave around 1 30
Come help poster Seattle with our Cannabis Freedom March 2011 posters! meet @ Cannabis Defense Coalition today (Sat 4/30/11) at 4:20pm
we have some strong drivers. Maybe we can help this summer.
no do not cut your hair...
If you get off the plane during a layover you use it to save your seat
"Thanks to cell phone technology we realized that it was not that big of a shadow.. " hahaha I love the Espys :D
Oh, , just heard from that you had muscle cramps while doing your run. So Sorry!
He's great (and gigantic). 26 pounds and counting with a huge head of elvis hair.
Don't ride*
Barney Frank at the Ford Hall Forum: On Obama's handling of the financial crisis, "Things would have sucked worse without us."
the only thing that makes me happy are horses and me playing my instruments :)
Um no. I'm good. lol. So weird
They used to call me frankmike, but now they call me derpderp.
Right, Kidd-Gilchrist's weaknesses are more than shooting. What the Cavs would need him to be would take a lot of development
RT Judge Hogshire overruled all motions to dismiss five charges against #Huguely. Defense is about to proceed with its case.
Finally went 2 go see Think Like A Man wit my baby
Now jawns Wanna act new Lmao I digress
No prob! :D
Panama in white
Found inspiration in my #Quotefalls: "Enthusiasm with error is more acceptable than indifference with perfection."
The life of every man is a diary in which he means to write one story, and writes another.-- James Matthew Barrie
Fuck this dude shit pisses me off more than anything I got you and fuck this dudes day up
the word of the day, everyday.....Swagger! Dig It!
love tht song
Ty for following me!!:)
we've got 50lbs of fresh caught Alaskan salmon, 40lbs of organic beef, 6 holey boards & 30 acres. Seems like this plan should write itself.
Not really. Dolphins are among the third smartest animal.
I hope my mom will let me go to Wapred Tour, because I will die if she won't let me.
Dear Delmon Young: seriously dude? Signed, your teammates, Tigers fans, and your fantasy owners. (I'm in that 3rd category)
When's Sputnik opening? Can't wait!
Nice line from #dml working group at #Berkman about kids and learning: "They don't care that you know until they know you care."
Your up too early, aren't you going to at least sleep in a little to start offseason? JK keep working hard have a good offseason!
haha i know right?!?!
Chemistry must be respected.
This dude is wearing a Celtics jersey, a hornets SnapBack, and he claims to be a lakers fan.
Got a nook color 'cause Kindle was sold out at the time, but very happy with it (compared with friends with kindles).
watch restoration.
Walk the Moon.
Ugh... Brady
Just tuning into on WOOD TV 8 for Holiday outfit ideas at the River town Crossings Mall (and see my 2 minutes of fame)!
the next step would be not watching at all. :P
I <U+2665> walking around the house with my iPhone in my pocket, and my music turned up. Like walking around with my own theme music.
the fire during Sonne felt like someone was holding a lighter right in front of my face.
Let us fix our eyes on Jesus, the author & perfecter of our faith, who for the joy set before... - Hebrews 12:2
im ready to fake my death and just do holographic concerts til they create rebirth technology lol id make.... a killing?
Nothing is more decorated woman as well-chosen man.
#DIY #DepthSounding efforts using #Arduino and other COTS technology. #wherecamptb2012 interesting use-cases.
Spirituality can be severed from both vicious sectarianism and thoughtless banalities
Woke up with "Be Prepared" from The Lion King stuck in my head
u slept on the table? Or on the toilet?
Your wig is crooked.
Love it when that happens. Congrats!
Somebody came in ÜBER focused!
I told you its a good show:-)
10 days off twitter has felt like a year!
Now every time I hear "feel it all around," I think of Portlandia :p
makes it more entertaining when they gown down in flames
So, McDonald's newest Shamrock Shake commercial pokes fun of marital infidelity I guess? #Cheating: I'm lovin' it.
follow friday....it's a good way to tell your followers who to follow
Monday night $80 dollar bar tab??
#NEworks Symonds - 60% US 27 year olds don't have a #college degree. A third of jobs require a deg, + 30% require AA or some college
My crew everyone goes they one wau den come bak in tha mood to celebrate and continue life as it goes
My 3yo needs to read "Who Moved My Cheese?" He doesn't deal well with change.
hope you had a nice day at the desert! :] well goodnight now, sweet dreams and love you so much! :*
He broke up with you? #GetOverItLifeGoesOn You deserve better anyway
RT : Join me at May 11-13. The earlybird ticket cost is a small price to pay to learn to validate your ideas....
where is my friend at??
May => My Birth-month lol [^_^]
Do they still do the two-vote system for mayor? I always thought that was good for 3rd Party candidates. Seats in Assembly.
more like the pop music grassy knoll!
TRY IT IN THE BATH, YOU'LL SEE.....
And he can't go back like he did when he was traded to Utah.
“How could I know this was to be the big opportunity of my life? Resulting in a world speaking tour and a best-selling book"
you should have a meet and greet in florida somewhere.
I'm texting Ben :)
movie time at shawny's ha
The Bodhi Body team is attending the home opener of the Phoenix Mercury tonight!
The tightrope I am walking is swaying in the wind
your welcome!
Sonic Sound god right about now!
Was just thinking the same.
RT : RT : Beautiful day in #BTV! Makes me excited for summer nights and lake swims, ,
Ray Rice did that one time to a guy who called him the N word. Needless to say the guy needed a new twitter profile afterwards
Jack Bandit
the physical organization of land uses and the creation of their architecturally styled connections into a coherent environment
Here's to the directioners that buy magazines just because One Direction is in it.
You jerky!!
Line of storms now along and west of a line from West Bend to Lake Geneva. Moving to MKE by 7am
Let it be known, I <U+2764> Boyle Heights and East LA
#HIV also are groups that have grossly more misconceptions and stigma surround
THERE SHOULD BE A DAY CALLED "ALL CAPS DAY" LOVE ME SOME CAPITAL LETTERS, MAYBE CAPS LOCK DAY
"Cardinal fans are the worst." -
I appreciate you! (:
So the air bag light comes on in your car. What's that all about?
I just had the pleasure of writing a check to the MLK Center on behalf of Bon Rappetite. Feels good, man.
#FF ! For news on seminars, workshops, grants, and programs in American history, literature and culture.
reading River Out of Eden by Richard Dawkins - amazing!
Thanks for the RT !
The gathered peachy underarms of a scissor tail.
Pain is when you are at the DMV and the photo area is backed up. So they stop calling at C249 and you are C250
A-ha! Thanks.
great seeing you last week!! You are amazing!!!
Looking forward to hearing the awesome Golden Week speeches starting tomorrow :) 2 minutes :) Be ready :)
really looking forward to partnering with you on mentoring survivors of trafficking while making cheaky jewelry!
I finally had time to follow 44 people who have been following me. Most are speech therapists. Look forward to your tweets!
I enjoy following you on here. Great source for my Bucs news. I'm an STH, definitely appreciate your insight!
I sent you a letter the other day! Did you get it?:)
Last time I tweet in the US until the end of break!
right!! She know she ratchet!!
Tweet at us. Something awesome.
Im not saying relationship being a secret . . but ladies, why do you feel the need to facebook every detail of your love life. UNECESSARY!
Just found out Legend of Korra premieres today!! Where have I bee?
Today in Blues: Blues guitarist Peter Green was born Peter Allen Greenbaum October 29, 1946, in Bethral Gree, London, United Kingdom.
WHEN IS YOUR I Should've Kissed You COVER GOING TO BE UPLOADED?!?!?! <3333
done talking, no one's listening.
what you doing?(;
De'Jonique, how are you?
RT if you like #niallwhipshispenis (i know i do ;) )
My problem is I take physical notes on random scraps of paper, then refuse to toss any for fear of losing an idea.
WooHoo! Giants win!! Hair did!! And now the Globes!! So happy!!
Nothing says peaceful Japanese Garden like a bunch of crying toddlers.
It's tough, especially if you're point is misunderstood-BH
Hell Yeah :D
Dustin Brown is THE MAN!! Go Kings!
The Pneumatic Diner rocks!
Zin in redbull of cola of fanta.
Ahh!! I'm so excited for 's new album to come out #nov1st!!!<3 <3 <3 love him to death! Wish he would notice me :'(
How can we meet you on the coast to coast tour? i dont want to have to spend 30-50 dollars on pastrys just to meet you ):
Oh, we all have a little hot mess in us. Today is just your day to shine! :-P
Thanks for the shout out!
Can't tear myself away from this Alan Lomax Archive...
Why do you need a card for a nine year old girl cousin? And maybe it would be better in spanish.
yay!!!!!!!!!!! You owned the shit out of that dissertation!!
Be blessed and know that you are loved by the Almighty God.
Watching your ustream love it follow me??
uh huh....you lie like a rug!
Happy Monday, MTCP'ers! Who performed in their school musical last weekend? How did it go?
So Gr8 hearing my friends sing 2nt ! Also Blessed by message :)
You know what's sad about moving to NY?? I won't get the chance to run into in the city...LOL :)
WE HAVE FISH STICKS!!!!!
hi guys! :] I make twitter right now and I'm learning this things
ooh that is going to be fun for everyone! Good luck to all involved.
yup. encouraging for the future of museum ed, right? she's young too. hope you're enjoying nyc!
It is the trouble that never comes that causes the loss of sleep. -Chas. Austin Bates
Thanks 4 the follow. Followed back. How bout a story for a couple of my clients on your mag?
YES! YES! YES! is a master mind of wrestling. It's about time. Thanks Mr Heyman.
Now matter how happy you are, the minute you hear Whitney Houston's where do broken hearts go...makes you wanna break down
Ouch! Maybe you'll be around for the invitational, DMac?
A little windy & choppy on #MeadowLake but still a fun time this am with
I'm crazy to love him, but I don't care
you and me both. I'm going crazy with curiosity as to what happened there.
walker won with only 1.1 million '10. If we can get Milwaukee to the polls, dems win
Just watched Shawn Michaels vs Sid for the WWE Championship at Royal Rumble 97
ik same my mom changed her mind:(
Writing my paper about the American tradition of freedom while listening to The Program with some Perfect.
New article on using direct marketing and brand marketing in your art business. bit.ly/og1fBM. What do you think?
yeah, it was. But everyone was broken! The game's execution is notoriously hard. You have to jump cancel 10 times for some bnbs.
Follow me first and you'll get steaks all over your kitchen. Forever.
Chill, Alec. Intelligence has better things to do than to partially censor tweets in the mi
Don't eat apples and oranges at same time. Given choice, always oranges. RT : Apples and oranges. Let's enjoy the fruit.
eh im tired:\
Talk about digging your own grave. Tonight Live @ Davis Graveyard in Milwaukie. Set your DVR.
Happy New Year
Dear Twitter, sorry I haven't been on you but I found someone else...his name is Instagram =D
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.” <U+2015> Mahatma Gandhi
it's like blippy but worse!
My dad and I taking my mom out for dinner later. Wbu?
plz follow back!! :) and man do I miss That's So Raven!
My calc teacher: the event is business attire Calc student: so bedazzled ass-less chaps are ok?
Thanks to all at #ACASummit and #goldenseedsACA for great couple of days!
One of those days I am note sure I got enough done? My sculptures are still drying, think it will take a few more days (sad face).
Happy 7 years to
Boss bought lunch holla!
NY is hurt & facing TB's best starters.. 2 of 3 would be great, but 1 of 3 shouldn't make us panic.. CC NEEDS to get us a win.
lol but it's a double win tho
I'd like too be, everything you wantt.
I'm hungry now/:
Very few unbiased financial advisors agree with this idea
My stupid TL is dead as fuck and my tummy hurts :( fuck my c-section :(
Cross-toed?
Hmm, Harold Bloom is still around, though he's been kind of an old crank for years now.
It's the final countdown!!!!
lol, you know you saw it again. don't lie! :-)
Pool time. All by myself. #qualityalonetime <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I could go for some shakeys :)
you are so awesome!! Thank you!
So far 4 scholarships have been awarded from funds generated at God Has A Plan For Me! Talent Show.
We don’t build services to make money; we make money to build better services -MZuckerberg
Spent the nite with my mom n my lil bear...saw wicked on broadway, lucky to be in love with my best friend :) nite tweeps
Thanks and hugs from Texas
that sounds too good!! lol
Good-Morning to all my followers !! I love u guys! -Im about to go to sleep since in just getting off work but waking up in 2 hrs 4 church
A good relationship should have 3 things: eyes that won't cry, lips that won't lie and love that won't die.
naw Mac way better he sucked at first but hes grown so much since then..i can actually listen to sumshit now
Remember your days in Dallas on Tv/Radio? I do! Hope you are pullin for #RANGERS. The Dub misses ya.
aww he's so cute too and I'm 18 I don't want to go to jail lol for kissing a 15year old boy on the cheek lol
unfortunately no Supreme, they usually keep their gear N their own stores...
When you are writting a paper and then later realize its in all caps<<<<<< #Really?
When it comes to the Los Angeles Lakers I'm indifferent.
Arik Cannon vs. Erick Stevens is up next.
..when a city loses it's poet, before he is an old man whose inspired multiple generations, it's as if the world has lost it's eyes..
No. Im curious, though.
I have been unable to shake the want to make an rpg/adventure game for many years; I may have to stop resisting at some point.
Thanks, Sarah Shun-Lien Bynum! Be sure to visit tomorrow's guest worker, journalist Sam Hall Kaplan, from 3 - 6 PM !
been there before. Best of luck.
A bitch will always be a bitch .
we will fight!
it's just an insight that occurred to me while showering earlier tonight.
WHAT THE HELL ITS MAY ALREADY?!?!?! hay ill be 21 in 395 days :)
Let the countdown begin! : Tickets on sale December 9th at noon!
Wait alexis is coming???
Does ever NOT wear a suit anymore?
Thanks for the follow! Enjoy your tweets!
To risky to ask a stranger "Hey can you watch my stuff?" I offer bribes from the coffee bar for stuff-watching services.
Cleveland Does Not Rock: Do the math: Toast + Butter = Good
#ABQ This Sunday it is a concert by kids to raise money for kids with #cancer. Come see some great talent! 6pm Sandia Prep Theater $10
Happy Friday everyone, come in and have a great breakfast to celebrate the snow!
WOOOOOOHOOOOO I TOLD YOU GUYS!! "I'LL HAVE ANOTHER"" won The Kentucky Derby!!!!
ugh NOW i remember h8 u
Dwayne has the hiccups.
Once you pour the water out of the bucket it's hard to get it back in it...unless you pour it into a bucket of equal opportunity
LOL Hm, and why?? Do ur arms have dandruff?? Tell me whats going on and I will tell u what to do pretty girl!!!
#loveyoumore hope doesn't get mad for me saying I love you on twitter though ;)
For the most recent updates on music, music and fashion, follow
Are you doing what you love? L.P. Jacks said that when you are doing what you love....you cannot tell the difference between work and play!
Anyone know a good Adobe Illustrator artist looking for part time work, a freelance job? I need files converted to vector and cleaned up.
Busy Monday. I need a beer.
So ready for vegas
I hate those moments when you run into someone you don't want anything to do with.
So happy I get to babysit Pay Pay tomorrow<3 I have missed my baby/:
It seems to me that RRV is so hot now that it is hard to find value ones. Suggestions?
She looks just like u!! Wow
Are people hating on Gotye? 'Cause I'm kind of diggin' it.
im ready fa monday to come
I just want a piece of the happiness
It's almost time for Beckett Bowl! Tweet #Beckettbowl if you'll be there next Monday! No tickets? There's still time! www.beckettbowl.com
a Marine told me "may the fourth be with you" this morning. Now... Should I have reached through the network & punch a Marine?
now what exactly does that look like?? Lolzzz
beautiful, hot!
this deal will be done , Too much at steak .
Happy birthday to !
Wake up everyday stronger than yesterday face your fears & Wipe your tears!
finished, want to get it done and try to publish it...sadly little is getting done lol
Just wrote blog post re: this-I say go 2 bankers homes, where they socialize, corp hdqrtrs-haunt these a-holes LOL
does the site open for u? It didn't on my phone.:(
A thought as I'm designing new page mockups - the less words user have to read on PTales, the more words they get to read in books
Doctors make me so mad
“: Goodmorning... look at the Valedictorian, scared of the future while I hop in the.....”Delorean"
Hey hows your day going so far ?
wahhhh i miss you! hope you're having fun on your cruise! lolz. can't wait to talk to you!
SATURDAY in DC 21+ FREE till 11 @ TEATRO 1909 K St. NW email w/ FULL NAME & Teatro as Subject
What is everyone up to this weekend? What great Country Music Videos can we play for you?
bored...gonna cruise SF and snap some photos.
I endorsed Dr Jay Weerasinghe on BranchOut, "your professional profile on Facebook"
Phoebe Snow never forgotten RIP
"Are you gonna choose Candy? What about Babs? Or Stealetta. Maybe Endive? ...Dimples? Velvetta?” ha. Wouldn't that be fun?!
Found out we have a "Shaq's Family Challenge" newsletter at work today...a whopping 5 subscribers receive this
Omg this lady makes the word sandwiches evvveeerrr
Hi! We are a charity that will help raise money for Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, MD If you're interested in joining in.
The jokes about Butera hitting anything are just too easy.
Yea I'm in san juan puerto rico speaking Spanish
Your welcome! And good luck! :)
I just played Before I Let Go (Feat. Woody Wood) by Maze Feat. Frankie Beverly on a TouchTunes digital jukebox.
This shit so good it dnt even smell bad
The car in front of me keeps swerving into the other lane... Driver's either drunk, fighting, or getting road dome
My spanish teacher plays favorites. She calls this kid "swag" and i want be like "No Ms.Moore, Tyler *points to kid* not "swag, Tyler." -.-
More like Paul Heyman's ghost.
Today's Special: Not Fish
Happy Easter!
Mike Daniels and Jerron McMillian welcome the #Packers!
This insomnia is kickin my as....
Did you go to NH? I thought you looked familiar, graduated 02
our thoughts and prayers go out to the family of the fan who died at the texas ranger game tonight
Hope he bring my shrimp this morning; only thing that will make me feel better;
I slept a long time today.
Our Midtown location is having Happy Hour ALL DAY! To celebrate 1500 "likes" on Facebook. Come on in for some Sangria! Or Beer! Or $4 Apps!
how u just going to lie like that u went to kingisland
Download He gave me this day off itunes today. U will be blessed.
i need to buy one
Trip back to the 70's? We've got you covered at Thurs' patio party! Come join us for great food, cocktails and live music! See you there!
Thank you so much for sharing your slides.
Memphis has always been a basketball town but I believe Memphians are finally embracing the team.
I opted not to receive Baltimore's back in February yet still received the latest copy. Such a waste.
Go BLAZERS
This video is amazing. It shows how powerful & useful music is. Keep making sweet tunes.
its interesting because the guy says to never do something, and multiple people at your table are doing it, but balancing well
Statistics are the third leading cause of death in the United States.
My last bell the other students didn't know there alphabet :/
Good Morning all my friends
I want to hear it! What's your No. 1 tip for nonprofits using Twitter? Reply with your answer!
I don't think I can pull off the skirt
Someone text me
What beer dist in pgh has biggest craft selection?
Phil Bredeson at Starbucks! Ftw
Thanks for the #FF!
3 point and one by King Stockton. Vandals up 67 to 56
still live!!
lololol. im seriously down to chill though
New Acana Flavor!
lol I'm not!!! No worries!!!
So excited our Avant-Garde Art & Craft Show Vendors have been asked by #WVIZ to participate in their spring auction. Airing Apr 26-29th
In the depths of lau working on my project after a long day at work for
good, I'm glad things have gotten better
Can't wait for in the morning. #Questions Part 3 is going to help some people. Make sure you get there!
Big thanks to Bruce Springsteen for opening for last night, now come see them today at the SXSW showcase!
Bizarre to hear advocates for networked public commons at #bcltorphanworks cheering calls for enfored intermediation & centralization.
I guess we got him!
Life is like a bowl of soup; you only get blown if you’re hot.
Playing with Love My New CD 31-3-12
GOTTA CATCH EM ALL! STD'S!
Happy 87th Birthday Grandpa Wayne. Not a day goes by that I don't think about you. I know your up there smiling down on all of us
Starting in at 1 am wtf!
Keep your eyes out for "Good Enough" to be sold online soon!
Hit on the hush hush we need some quiet time
have you read any Thomas bernhard? Reading 'the loser' right now because I love
my eyebrows need my indian sista at eyebrow lounge to attack them with thread. i look like a jim henson creation.
i also need more friends the like to film music videos for fun...
Just discovered, via slumber party, that my daughter's 3rd grade teacher has gotten her class obsessed with "Mr. Roboto". Love her.
well..he is a lab :P haha he will prob get bigger than that too!
Now I'm gonna have to make a grilled cheese sandwich before I go to bed.
Shoutout to Matt Rosenbaum who still rocks a maroon sweater like its 2011. Some things #obviously never change.
it's all about the very berry cap crunch dude
RT : #Hokies if you missed this last night, you should read it ASAP -- Identity: The Key to the Spring by
All in-stock TOTAL Olive Body Milks and Butter Me Up! Buttermilk Body lotions on sale $10 (orig $15). Come & get it!
So ready for tonight. (:
Today has been all non-stop, rush, rush, rush, two hour nap, rush, rush, rush.
Mentally exhausted.
hang in there I'm pulling for you
Did you just outscore in Fruit Ninja? Oh, no, I'm sorry. That was me.
Just checked out your website. Please connect with us at some point to talk about collaboration.
follow back nigga ! :)
If your wireless doorbell rings when there's no one at the door, it's not elves--it's just time to change the channel. Merry Christmas
I'm still confused on who you guys were talking about. Haha
The only way to get out of a Rut is to turn the wheel one way or the other...... Lane
thank God I.passed that easy test
I'm fucking tight right now
I hate it when I can't sleep!
#oghd #seattle is off to a bright and early start at !
Today's my only true day off. Cooking six different things while watching four hours of fake news followed by three different sports
When are we gonna skype! :)
The love we received from others isn't love unless its shared.
LONG DAY...LOTS OF PRAYER & KNOWING GOD WILL SEE MY FRIEND THROUGH! #speakupforthosewhocan't
Now that I can do.
Great were already crying like dicks and it's only May.
Follow me please I Love you so much 1-4-3<U+2665>, never change! You're amazing. I'm addicted to #SoLsiten. You're all time on my mind
In case you haven't figured it out yet, group name and password for #SCMS11 conference wifi is SCMS
Don't know if u r @ the Issaquah Costco, but it causes severe aggravation. I had to switch to Covington. Blissful compared 2 Iss.
Making a Difference with Big BrothersBig Sister. Will be working on an event that will support them and another organization
Of course love! Had a wonderful time with you. :)
Begin 2 discover ur purpose & passion & u'll also discover how much the world NEEDS u. #senseofrelevancy that can't be taken away by NO man.
Ok. Is there a certain subject or anything I should write so you don't think it is spam email?
Brainstorming: (1) volunteer activity ex. IT board; (2) short-term & highly targeted engagements [+]
Thanks! We love him!
go to the locker room at 8 yo get jerseys!
Excellent suggestion! (And yes, Bourdain was pretty weak last night. Disappointing...)
thank you for following us, it's always a pleasure to follow real talent!
Watching Portland and San Antonio... great comeback!
I bought some Lilly bulbs and thought about doing some vegetables/herbs. But I'm a planting virgin, should I wait? Is it too cold? Help!
A we got a good thang.. Dont know if Imma see you again.. Like is it the real thang or is it just a one night stand
#RedSox make the signing of Kelly Shoppach to a one-year deal official, effectively ending Jason Varitek's career in Boston.
Happy first day of Spring...I saw the first robin of spring. I think he was lost. He was chirping in French.
be bck later :)
I woke up wonderin y my vision so off..i forgot to take out my otha contact before takin my nap...
I get carried away by the look by the light in your eyes
Strangest thing about all the changes to the ABC Writing Fellowship is that you now have to submit the application on CDs.
if you went gay for any man, who would it be?
4th week of shoulders= killing me
TRAFFIC: WB Belt @ Rimrock Rd - Beltline Bob is on the job. Delays
again?! :o
Funny Funny Funny Boy I Cant Stop Laughing
Work is overrated and thats all I have to say about that.
It went very well.. How are things with you.....
m m m that looks delicious :)))
We apologize for any inconvience
How magical would it be of the tribble courtyard had outlets?
Rick Santorum, fundraising by offering supporters a signature sweater vest. He's almost a parody of himself.
I have nothing else to say lol
Phelps is hot! I'm getting sucked into this Olympics stuff. Bummer about the stuff I gotta get done today.
Huntsman: "you all have a head start you don't even imagine yet"
be good Kay?
I lot my baby <3
Any of those flavors can be shakes! or of course part of your burger combo
bring to your #campus #college #university -DM us!She has been the featured #speaker @ #event + #conference programs this year!
i co-sign on this one. Not a flake on Henry Avenue...
thanks for the well wishes. nothin but love for you. let me know if you want to come to the june 29 show.
I love listening to stories about what I did last night
a roomful of stupid. RT : Gingrich gets good laughs and applause with his "you can't put a gun rack" in a Chevy Volt
Bo Pelini is here on the sidelines with Joe Moglia
It wasn't just social networking-but people who feel strongly and need a channel to act
Bo Morrison, 20, was drunk and hid in an enclosed porch from Slinger police when homeowner killed him in self-defense, WA County DA ruled.
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
yikes! RT : Several ppl shot in downtown #Indy. NY & IL Streets closed between Indy & West Streets. Lots of cops. Drama.
$1.49 M&M coupon at CVS ~ one day only
excited! Any leads on dinner spots?
Hungry in Philly? London Grill has jumped aboard Diversity Platinum-10% off to our members. Do you have your card yet? Diversityplatinum.com
Just caught Twitter in act of unfollowing you on my behalf. Thank God I was revisiting your page and clicked the follow button.
Did you know that the pulp of a cucumber can be up to 10 degrees cooler than the surrounding air? Hence the origin of "cool as a cucumber."
My solution to quit having clean up all this horse poop. Quit feeding the damn horse!!
Ride the wave
no single
Nothing feels better than bumping J.Cole's the Come Up mixtape on the ride home from a hard day at work.
I feel.... kinda sorta really empty.
Just reviewed Epic Citadel (Project Sword); yes, I'm impressed!
NCL Freestyle Dash sale ends Fri. Don't miss out-onboard credit, upgrades & reduced deposits - all destinations! Call us now 800-803-7245!
The wait is finally over. Great Beer, Great Friends, Great Food, Great Music, Great Fun, all on a Great Lake! Milwaukee Brewfest!!!
That's a sick shot by Anze Kopitar for the goal, even if Mike Smith was screened.
I hope I have my red lipstick cuz I'll be #pissed it I have to buy a new one!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Last time held w/out a shot on goal: 5.31.03. defensive streak now at 5 straight halves w/out SOG allowed (245 mins)
Success is merely the absence of failure.
omg common!!
We gave away a ton of Peppermint Chocolate Chip Milkshakes yesterday! If you've had one, what do you think?
Thanks. The "authenticity" debate grows wearisome. Categories are just that; not turf to be defended.
Ladies Night begins now! $1 Drinks for Ladies until 11pm! Free Dance Lessons start in 15 minutes! Meet us on the dance floor!
Brilliant, loves this! All locked in so see you Thursday. I miss you, Jess ;) x
Goin to bed people...goodnight :-)
Wow - MCA? That man did so much for music and the world around him in so little time. You will be missed.
How come the worst drivers seem to be out on Monday mornings?
CLA will soon announce a major new public art installation coming to the Loop this summer. What is your favorite public artwork in the City?
#AmyWinehouse dead at 27. She joins Kurt Cobain, Janis Joplin, Jimmi Hendrix. all dead at the age of 27. #crazy R.I.P.
It's a love story baby just say yes, Porkchop
much surface area, Butthole tag?
DC?? What brings you to my city?
Amen. RT : Now, more than ever, we need amazing teachers.
RT : $1 beers and #karaoke . #HappyHour all night. Huge Selection & speediest singer rotation!
If they give you ruled paper, write the other way. - Juan Ramon Jimenez
Yes cha to perform on xfactorusa..did u see their tweet yet?
My toddler: "Lemonade please!" Me: "That's so polite, I'd be happy to." Toddler: "I said 'please' so you'd give me some."
It's happened too many times for me to continue thinking that getting Extra Care coupons for Tums is a random act by CVS.
Class. Act.
I'm thinking of changing my Twitter name. From to a shorter one like Yay or nay? Lol
Jeff and Adam workout, ha ! the only i saw really work out in the Big Brother was Hayden and The Bragrade (allience) last year #bb12 /
Listing to at
Easy doesn't always mean happy, and good just doesn't seem good enough anymore
Panel likes Topsy , HootSuite and Tubs to track social media activity.
Time goes by so quickly..
thank you for your follow! :)
Ignorant individuals are everywhere I tell ya.
I'm not sure why I've never been to Nana Funks but it is too much fun..
Where did you shop and what did you find?
Feedback will happen the way people need it to, reach people where they are, open all channels (from Twitter to the USPS)
Happy Easter to all those celebrating this sunday! Everyone have a great day!!
I refuse to be average. I will be the best I can at what I do so that those who receive my work have every possible advantage!
knowing Rushane we'll probably have one tomorrow night
Abigail, sensibilities and emotions
Have you ever seen the two of them in the same place at the same time? I'll admit Larry's not very big, but...hm...
Giving up my BC tix if doesnt fire Frank Spaziani.
Easily the most hockey I've watched. Result made it well worth every minute. Jameson shots every goal was about zero fun though. We'll...0+3
thx kharyp hope your day is well
#IAlwaysWonderIf you feel the same way i feel about you
thanks for the shout out queen of cake pops
congrats daniella! :D
Congratulations, you are almost done with the week! Come celebrate with lunch at Smashing Tomato!
Camping Food: Make your fav omelette before you leave. Place in ziplock bag, put in cooler. For breakfast, warm bag in hot water and enjoy!
My order of custom clutches for my bridesmaids should be here any day!
56 combined points in first half a new Rose Bowl record. Can they hit 100?
nothing bored my aunt is getting x rays
Welcoming the winter solstice with highs in the 70s.
Getting ready for tonight!
Pelco's Dean Meyer: frank insights into the firm's shortsighted cling to analog and monumental move to IP; now successful...
When you flush the toilet in Australia the water goes backwards hahhaha
Damn Caps you couldn't hold on for 6 more seconds could you....
Sounds like a plan to me! I'll tell my buddies. :)
He will but its fun watching him play up a the decent one for once. His streak continues.
I'm sure there is a good case but we don't need our Constitutional rights attacked any more, no matter what!
We're at Sansome and Pine, open for business.
totally want to watch that. have you seen the cash money millionaires movie: ballet blockin?
Mane I need a north Memphis fillup
"I JUST LIVE LIFE I DONT MAKE PLANS/ BUT I STAY BENT LIKE A TIN CAN"
intel pool pumps
thanks so much for stopping by--so sorry the meatspace meeting was so brief!
Day was good until the cops messed it up. Freakin STUPID! Then people be actin stupid as hell. Trying NOT To cuss here....
Lol. My nephew in his room watching some kind of movie dying laughing when he need to be sleep. Lol
Me too! Mostly I just work to not get the white circle above my butt.
Cinco de mayo!
Now at BLoomington North to watch & then our other guys playing in the Adidas May Classic.
Ahh sorry I haven't been on in so long :(
I know. Would like to provide little bits to those not here. :-(
Mall of America
At lunch i wandered into the sportsbook and thought "i'll have another" was the best name... Winner.
Wishing all the past performers and families of GHAPFM, a Happy and blessed holiday!
Dang me and my ex talked on the phone this morning. Dang I thought she hated me i guess not.
RT : COME ON!!! I don't have all day.
nice!! I would love to hang out with all those guys,I bet they are a blast..let me know if I can tag along
Its been two weeks since I've been in school ... I hate it, don't want to be here -____-
It is amazing how much a long hot shower can do to rejuvenate energy and sense of self.
players play because we glorify athletics, money, and all of the trappings that go along with professional sports
I'm pretty sure Tim has one from our Christmas present swap/fight thing we do. bought it :)
U Know U Got It, If It Makes U Feel Good.
Excited to hear a lecture in "Aesthetic Preference for Color"!
thinking about wearing a top hat and a monocle to Atlantic City this weekend
Hey Brother. You in Cali? Come hang in a few weeks.
Reflexology stimulates reflex points on the feet & through the nervous & other systems positively affects other parts of the body & organs.
Cabo grill tonight!!!!
yo I just fell in love with you Ron!!!!!!! Hahhaha creative
2 HOURs in traffic to get groceries? Wtf. NBA: get the fuck out of my town and NEVER COME BACK. My motzarella is probably fermenting by now
I just entered Klean Spa Giveaway - woo hoo! see you next weekend!
I love bread, too. I could live on baguette, brie and red wine!
Tonight we make an Amber Ale. Session starts at 6:00PM. Free beer samples provided. Be there.
#TheStatusLounge by w 3p-8p sounds by + other special guests
Capitalization is the difference between helping your Uncle Jack off a horse, and helping your uncle jack off a horse...Tucker Max
Sorry to hear that, April. (FYI, the new e 2.0 will be open so you can check it out.)
Follow because he's an awesome piece of hair (:
What if Lazar Hayward's name was something less cool... like Gary? Ha!
The Bike Line Broad Ripple is Now Tweeting..............
Garlic breath is in! garlic lowers your chol levels making it a heart healthy food.
Lakers 89 nuggets 80! Let's finish them, lakers. Go white boy go white boy GO!
Thank God
what's mexico city's hashtag? When r demos for u guys?
Listen up! Buy any 5 of our short sleeve Tees and only pay for 4 May 17-May21! Just enter "May2011" at checkout.
LIES!!!! This was of your own doing! I stay home and read
follow my business page
Thank you! You guys have a cool concept.
Guy just coldcalled a $15K shv w JTo w anthr big stck left to act behind him? he won vs AK..if ever get stck gonna b great tbl to get chips!
“: An elephant can die from a broken heart.” stop it elephants, I love you
Yeah, I sure learned my lesson. How are things, you still in SD?
I'll take one of those please.... or is there a copy on slideshare I can look at?
Good luck!! RT : Tennis tryouts today! So nervous! Hope I make varsity!!
Need to ride
where are you!!!!!
Me too! Please get on Animal Jam.
I hate when the Red sox play the rays. The red sox broadcast gets blacked out and I have to watch the gay Rays announcers.
come back to Portland so we can hangout and fall in love ok?
With a shuffling of quarterbacks happening this season, the only one out of the mix is Vince Young. How long will it take VY to find a team?
My earphones are starting to crackle. :(
Hey Providence, thanks for playing. - Sincerely, Syracuse
Vanden Bosch 5K lighter for low hit on Manning last Sunday
just read your article on pitch from March and it was so obvious yet brilliant at the same time. Thanks for it
Okay so I freaking love new song
iight ill play with you whatever you can play
Hey Matt - thanks for the kind words! BTW has another release in store for October.. stay tuned.., cheers!
whoa, them's fightin words! :) why no pottermore?
Shopping with mom. Leaving on a jet plane to LA tonight! We can't wait!
#vmware education is back to work. Got my VCAP-DCA4 results: PASS. Time to get serious about that #VCDX design.
aww im not guna tell no one
Reign supreme punches right In the balls
This bores me #Knicks vs
UK-KU replay on ESPNU right now
#ImA Kid at Heart. Forever Young.
So is Tebow "Tebowing" at this very second?
We only go if we can get the first appointment of the day, in and out!
#Who's playing the part of Caleb Hanie for the #Bulls this postseason?
yeah buddy. Section 304.
bitc imma deny erryday all day. He's hit . Crusty. Grimmey.. And a crackhead. A lowlife piece of shit. Who owes me 2,000 hA
We turn't up tonight at the dukesters nite club 7733 reading road
; "Haaaaeyy. I just met you annndd this is CRAYAY. But heres a condom... So fuck me maybe?" Haha, ppl say the weirdest things on youtube.
Is in the hunt for funding!
omg, yes. this is why there's exactly 1 i in winner.
where you headed?
hey Ariana hope you're having a lovely sunny day today. Love you :*
my wife was talking about going down to check out the protests etc. I think she is reconsidering LOL
S/O to GT without him I dont know how I would have got home last night...this is why I need a car lol
Not only did I like it, but I heard from UK friend, thought it would especially help people outside US easily understand.
getting ready for the Halloween Pub Crawl! Hope my homemade costume makes it through the night!
Officially today is our 1 yr old BDay but we're gonna celebrate it in July..Happy BDAY HANSHIKTACO!!!
you call that light? The keyboard and dock are just dead weight!
Where are we at with everything? I can watch only so much 17-2.
"I've been a fool, I've made bad decisions, and I've been blind. I'm now opening my eyes to some things and changes will happen.
Casper Ware for Long Beach State just pulled a Kobe! 5-22 from the field
me!! thats usually what I wear around the house
so golad you liked your #EDRITO today - you dream it up, I'll make it up!
way to be clutch. Nice to have you back.
NEW TRACK IS GOING TO BE POSTED ALL OVER THE NET TONIGHT... Check out www.URSession.com They support local bands the right way!
Ugh come on 10 o'clock I'm ready ta G O GO
omg I love that my name is Booth!! I want to read the essay!
Word to your uncles brother.!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 10
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 29
Thanks Walter. That's so nice of you to say. Tune in at ten.
Beat my previous best by 15 minutes. Must've been the bagels!
yeah it is, but its worth it , Haha. Tell me once you've seen it(:
Living Magnificently means sharing GRATITUDE. How many entries do I have in my Gratitude Journal?
Who wants to see Madbeast and destroy a fucking show together!? Where's the Long Island peeps at!?
just back from walmart, busy day -.-
It's a magical kingdom.
what do you know about the Wendigo?
I feel like doing a craft lol wtf no idea why
OHMYGOD Citizen Cope!!!!!
I love to mop the frying pan with a piece of bread
It's Wednesday time to focus in the good and thank Jesus got the great!
It seems the Flyers goal is about 2x as wide as Pittsburgh's tonight. Pens all over Philly... And the game's barely half over.
Carl and the U-T do.
I'm everywhere... U set the date
We believe Ryan Callahan, our bass player, to be M.I.A.... If you see him, let us know so we can practice this week.
"To achieve greatness, start where you are, use what you have, do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
And are the ingredients for the body soap bar actually different from those in the facial soap bar? Get on this, 60 Minutes.
I'm the official #SlugLife Beerleader. RESPECT THE POM POMS! Also, can't wait to see lose.
Baller, indeed! Let's hang sometime and wreak some havoc.
Love my new star earrings, rocking apron, and leopard-print wallet--all originals!
hahahaha! That's would be awesome! :)
we went for an event where .gov's could share what they are doing in this space #organic #open about 15 agencies and 20 ignites
We were just added to a google + circle with the Dalai Lama...after all, we're 'The Cerebral Approach to Fitness'
n olive garden got sum nasty shit
Cookin up some good shit for me and my lil mean!
I miss you..
thx! I added another 2 cents to the debate. great stuff all around, and again testament to how stellar Open Democracy is.
This has the added perk of the fact that you can pick anything you want! You're the one creating it, after all!
Be sure to use #PRSADetroitDiversity in your Tweets today if you're attending the summit! If not, use the hash to follow along .
Huge thank you to for coming in last night. If you couldn't make it in last night, come in tonight, we've got tours at 4, 5 and 6!
cool me and Sena are definitely gonna drive down there
must have been a good night!
that's just the ows signature scent: eau de unsanitary jobless slobs....
neighborhood pride leads to a vibrant city, leads to more visitors. Gay-cations in Hillcrest are great for San Diego.
please follow me? :)
What are the wheels doing?
#Brewers, Marcum needs to get out and put Hawkins in
RT : Take the high road; it certainly isn't very crowded and you will get to your destination much faster. - Great advice!
Sometimes giving up is your only option
now if I can just remember to do that now! At least now my gym bag smells terrific :-D
yeah I'm thinking about it
12 incredible days. LA. SJ. SF. Santa Cruz. Carmel. Big Sur. San Simeon. SLO. LA again. SD. Down the 1...CA, you are quite beautiful.
Ah!! The Clit Arms.. My old local. How I miss it and it's wonderful wine list!! And my old drinking/Foodie buddies ;)
you may get the chance, he's in the works.
Hughes - Just added more tracks of Brian to our playlist. Check us out - Smooth Jazz Beach Radio
When u go to your sent mail w/ intent to blast someone for not following up, hit reply & send a nasty email to yourself
I love it would be amazing if he followed me
Just saw a girl with a topsy tail (!!!) Somehow she was able to make it look hipster-ish and cool, unlike when I did that in 5th grade.
Summer is upon us! To keep our makeup upon us, look for an oil free foundation that has silicone and touch up with blotting papers!
tomorrow my dad will be dead for a year, man i truly miss him.
and I are finally done bluffing our way through #472 papers... the book is slowly closing
Yo! I left your cardigan on your chair at work. :)
#AlexSmith I love you.
my bad for the delay on the response bruh lol IDK man!! you know as much as me ha u talk to Brad lately?
Watching Austin ad Ally with my little brother. is the funniest person EVER.
Just finished While Mortals Sleep... I miss KV! RT Take Care of the People, and God Almighty Will Take Care of Himself.
Who are the real floppers?
Having done my grad work up in Wisconsin, the ads will be nasty distinctive.
either one they kinda look alike
thanks y'all!
um yeah!!!! Haha
Agreed Tyler! May all the positive love and kindness follow u.
I bet
Happy Easter to you, too! :-)
WOAH cowboy lets take it down a notch!
You are my favorite on #TheVoice!!! Very beautiful and powerful!!
I always feel VIP at Starbucks<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
Blahh, i can't believe the Cubs beat us last night :/
thanks for the shout. I work with Pri here at PB, . Glad to connect and demo our products.
at the whitefire theatre in sherman oaks, ca:) come out and see:)
come back!!
crazy how time has changed me
i need my money pronto, need it in the mornin like alonzo
Some times you can teach an old dog new tricks..I'm giving twitter a whirl!
Use the code "LABORDAY" to get 40% off your order until Monday night!!
zomg I felt so unclassy the one time I did that
Tomorrow is going to be fun i cant wait !! Going to see Anson <3 c;
are you with sami?
i can travel a suitcase lookin azz =P
Hail storm got your car? Need a rental? Let me know and I will get you taken care of. 502-968-0894 or message me.
LOVING ur blog!! I feel like were sitting in the conf room eating burritos & having a conversation w/ every read! Thanks!!
one day we are going to help you capitalize even more on your awesome Social Media content. Keep up good work!
Aren't you afraid your stalker(s) will be waiting for you at the other end pretending to be limo drivers?
Day 4: Amarillo, TX to Flagstaff, AZ (600 mi). Definitely a journey into new territory, this is a very beautiful part of the country though!
very nice weekend, thankgod its been cooling down, sick of the hot and warm weather and is ready for fall, bout time
Lots of crisis averted techniques (finals stress) will be implemented and some festive parties will be had this week.
Following my buddy Paola :D
other than the soreness - how was the rest of the run? are you training for something?
But back to this beautiful day
Really Orrin you joined the Tea Party caucus? That worried about a challenge?
She just got on the crazy train when she thought she was getting on the gravy train.
Thanks Vandervbilt is just 4 blocks away from the hotel. If time permits I want to see what the whole fuss is about
i'm starting to think the music aspect to this festival doesn't exist - where's the lineup?
I'm changing my name to Sushi
"toot it and boot it" sounds to me like he passed gas then left the crime scene. Just saying,.,,
Trading Places >>
Gripping your pillow tight! Lol, one of my favorite songs!!!!
I keep the necessary tools w/ me when I face closed doors & brick walls. A screwdriver & bulldozer. Take off the hinges & bust down walls.
Ok. Let's make a date...researching release date and locations.
Thx for the waves, good vibes, and RTs:
Hey! I need an update! Been thinking of you guys alot. Be safe! How are you and your princess getting aquainted? loveuz
The owl is the only bird to drop its upper eyelid to wink. All other birds raise their lower eyelids.
I'm blastin Stevie this morning! The windows are open and the coffee is hot!
Gotta be you <3
I hate when fat hoes try to act like they don't be hungry when they go out to eat in groups
LIve from this weekend on
The worse thing that can happen to a relationship is illness/injury/accident.
~ I miss you.
My Fazolis days are coming to an end.
amen amen
The joys and hurts for better or worse i still will choose you first.
I have got to share my testimony with someone! God is an awesome God!!
Spent morning going over travel journals from Sardinia. Just like LA now that we have a restaurant called Forage.
man Reynolds f'n sucks!
what is it?? I don't remember what I drew.
Is there a Skyrim Anonymous group I can join? I need help...
At school for couple hrs, lab later!!!
3 minutes till
i'm not sold on poll questions that involve feelings. ppl cld respond negatively for myriad of reasons, not nec. job-related
lol Cool ur from Canada. Im from the USA
"God could not be everywhere, and therefore he made mothers."
Or a new car would do too :)
Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart. -Confucius
I'm 80% sure you won't see this or even reply but I hope you're smiling right now because you deserve happiness.
Let's stick with the summer flavors for sure!
Great townhall underway in Durham with
You shouldn't have been eliminated, this is crap!! </3
we got caught up in all the love..."Or, the Whale," our self-titled album, is out today in the UK!!! go pick it up at a store near you!
listening to god i love him!
Voter irregularities are already being reported in Jefferson County. Sigh.
S/O for being a stranger n not following back (:
I Can Watch Repeats Of This All Day Long.
Sometimes what I ask for is so little but SO big and meaningful at the same time. Meet me halfway
Even you know that title was a fraud So the 10-year anny of the Lakers beasting in Game 7 is just a few days away!
Yeah we're always getting new things. Every thing is very retro for guys and gals. So think large plastic Wayfarer or Aviator.
Football game preformance. You knew that.
im soo close to 100 views on my video and its only been up for a day :))) ah
When you see someone struggling today,offer a helping hand and discuss Wicked Carnival
Remember to "like" your favorite picture in the album "X For Pasadagavra"!
I seriously have to pee
i read it, but the only way i see it is because i follow you. if you put tags, it would show up to other people. tag porn.
The ones who should win the lottery aren't standing in a line for a ticket. They're making their dreams come true with what they have now.
Thanks for the snippets! Working like a charm.
Only 3 more nights in the dorms! a part of me will definitely miss my time here...
the one that hit yu with the ball?
hott doubles specials with me and my hott gf!! come get us for the time of your life
rack rack city bitch
Stay in school!
Show your teacher appreciation. Vote to pick next Gov of WI to keep public education moving forward, not backwards
i tend 2 delete shit when i dnt talk 2 the person like the cute stuff i said and pictures cause i wnt it 2 be like they nver entered my life
All these flat platapus foot having kids
Anyone that never loses, does not do much playing. Any one that never gives, never helps, does not know the sweet feeling of heaven..
Lakers are playing.
I do 2 but I agree with Rebecca that its not an issue until premise is validated. Deep discussion can't happen here.
What do you love most about dance? Follow?
imma have some tracks for you soon. Dm me ur email.
#CostumeDesign goes to...
My mind keeps telling me I'm wasting my time, but my heart keeps telling me to try.
Thx for the support
"Like" Rekapse on their Facebook fan page! www.facebook.com/rekapse - you might have heard their song "Daylight" on
hit me up
Scary Bitch 101 : "if a bitch don't wanna get it Poppin she should keep her mouth Shut" Lmfao
mention me :*
I would wish upon a star, but that star, it doesn't shine
Everything BCBG!! Amazing host too! RT How was the show? Which piece was your favorite?
When your aunt starts singing happy birthday to you in Spanish>>>>>>>>> :D
Experience consists of experiencing that which one does not wish to experience
definitely! RT I miss and !
Reggie miller fa shooo
RT : It's not happy people who are thankful. It's thankful people who are happy.
Celtics game > homework
It's so annoying! It just turns off :/ it's never done this before.
Sad day for my home state...nice to know I am from a state of bigots...smh
it's on as well, a lot of your artists make it on the home screen. You're rocking it!
Thank you Ruth Price@ The Movable Bakery 4 Supporting Vitro-Music of Randy Newman
Cash Mob lunch MrsGandMe 5/23 11:30-2:30 RT : just read about Cash Mobs in Inc magazine last week. What a great concept.
PPB Officer Scott Elliot with the Portland Police Bureau arrested for Online Sexual Corruption of a Child and Luring a Minor.
FINALE TO NIGHT HOLY SHIT IM PUMPED
About to throw down at lifetime. Scrawny ass kids chirping my flow cause I'm using a machine they want
Can you email me the details pls . Thanks!
thank you! It's been a great trip !
#SNL tonight has to better than last week. Eli Manning needs to stick to what he does best: not talking.
ditto ;D its gonna be #cray. but forreal..... we're all gonna be knocked out asap cause we'll be tired from Kennywood lmfao
And I'm done, cause if I continue I'll put myself into a coma! ;)
#FF for the love on 's weekly Howl
I agree! I would like to connect with more like-minded Denver folks.
People are as happy as they make up their minds to be. ~ Abraham Lincoln
well, i got one wrong. but i'm happy that "walk" won, it's a good tune.
1 Got it today for $10. 2 I'm with the 'rents. 3 I did, come on Sun before work & work 's merch table with me
At the KY REN FAIRE site, what a beautiful venue and day for the Field Party 3
Thank you!
Todd for the game winner on his bobble head night? I hope so!!!
I do not feel good!!
Heard in the Vegas airport, "Adrian Peterson, last call for flight to Minneapolis." Hope he made it.
I wonder whether you ever went back and did recaps of that show? I'd love to read them.
I spent Saturday eve at Barry Minkow's church.The former pastor/con man was "cast out" of the Community Bible Church.Story tonight 10News
Bein with my family, priceless!
THE TIME IS NOW...
I think I just had a baby. I did not know that was biologically possible...
RT : is the best show in town.
I will <3
42 Hour Zine Challenge starting soon!! Everyone's a winner!!
haha =) so now I'll just gotta stay here until I've gotten to see JB in concert ;) haha should've move during summer!! x
If you are in Real Estate add me on Google+ and Linkedin to network
welcome! I only speak the truth!
Still can't believe I got to shoot the game last night. That is going to be great on my resume
More mobile UI tips from Drilling down deeper means you need to drill back up just as much - think before especially if no bottom tab.
We are most vulnerable when we feel love. We are most powerful when we feel loved. We balance the two throughout our lives.
Curious about the watch Michael wears on Geek Crash Course? It's a . iPod watch from the initial Kickstarter batch!
": exactly if Cueto didn't get a vote last year with 150+ innings, Strasburg shouldn't get one"
Ariana is flawless and completely stunning all over! From her head to her toe! She's perfect and plain gorgeous<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I'm not in the video :'(
Ryan Braun is a cheater! RT : What a game and what a finish today (despite the loss).
I know im more of an xbox guy ..ps3 once in a while
sitting in full team meeting: mad men attire and a table full of MacBook pros, seriously, we should be sponsored by Apple!
Okc won that I know of
Has any airport in the world ever sold even 1 yogurt parfait? Serious question.
If Creativity is only limited by our Imagination then why do we limit our Imagination? Get Creative!!!
Beastie Boys blaring at the Urbanspoon offices in honor of the death of Adam Yauch.
cause it's way cooler :b jaykay, i don't know.
gtfo you are no cat
......couldn't even put it on #Instagram it was so shameful
thanks! I appreciate it :)
that's the worst! hope it comes down soon!
LOL. Yea, I was keeping that a secret earlier. Went grocery shopping randomly last night and strolled through Harris Teeter.
RT : only way NFL can stop bounties? Severe sanctions. Take away home games. Fines, loss of draft picks wont work
Ready forward to a gr8 day in #chicago for #neara11 going to sight see & be tourists...we'll see what i bring home for my wife
adoption of Wave will occur in many settings other than hr generalists. it is a paradigm chaning tool. collaboration sw beware!
was bout to iron out my hair but i cant find the flat irons
HEY MAN! 2 MORE DAYS!
I'm not up there in music yet but by the way I had that bitch naked in front of me and my homie had that bitch cleaning my floors & the crib
The future of cheques remains in jeopardy with specific plans needed to restore faith in the payment option, according to Age UK.
I, Madison, loved the avengers. (:
Google Photo Tours Take You to 15,000 Destinations [VIDEO]
Autocorrect fail of the day: Do you want pizza for Christmas?
Who I am Hates Who I've Been
IDGAF No More Fuck Your Feelings. I'm Heartless
you smell like a fat baby who don't want no more.
it's a shame that these are the only candidates we can find. But when you are picking from Congress and lawyers....
U MAD BRO?
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion. It's just that yours is stupid.
Now watching Footloose.
She thinks so. The real problem is ignoring her.
pumped to get on stage tonight @ Church with + Richard James. Loadn out now. Free show
Jus Another Kid Lookn Like A Star When He's Present!
special shout out lov the products #Durable &
What inspires you to live healthy? For me it's fresh air, sunshine, and my future grandbabies! :D Happy Friday!!!!!!!!!
My favorite aisles to go down in #grocerystores are the bread aisle and the laundry detergent aisle :) m
When's your paper?
I think your inability to get free garlic bread is due more to the "capitalism" craze than the "low carb" craze.
My cat is a tweak.
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO? Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times. DO IT! Please
Older co-workers telling me about they're appointment for a colonoscopy<<<<<< <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Parade time! Make sure to say hi to us!
hahaha well you should have gone and gotten his number! i would have asked him for you(;
He's the man tho...he'll be comin back some day.
WBC Ticket Hunt Update: OK... our Carnival Crazy is at It's up to you to get to HER first.
RT : Happy Thanksgiving all my American friends =0) <--thanks and likewise!
Snow Blows.
any movie with Will Ferrell in it...lmao!
Err, what about being 4 years older?
You got Julie's mouth just perfect at the end.
Once we reach 1000 followers on Twitter and Facebook both, we will launch a contest where YOU could win a prize worth $100. Stay tuned!
when i watch spongebob nothing else matters in that 30 mins lol :)
I didn't know Ben Folds was hanging out with you guys!
There's a difference between being fake and NOT LIKING YOU!!!!
Also check to make sure that he or his wife can make some decent eggs. We wouldn't want James Neal to go hungry.
only 2 more weeks then ill be 17 !!!
#orioles now 7-1 in games when Kevin Gregg doesn't pitch, 0-3 when he does. Got a bad feeling we might be seeing him tomorrow
haha I did already. Was giving me a headache. I'm so tired, but for some reason I just can't fall asleep.
Thanks for the RT !
True. I can still dream that someday the Browns have a #1 WR and someone to throw it to him!
love you :)
But WHY are they still giving us so much homework? School's almost out & honestly, I just can't concentrate anymore.
Yeah yeah yeah yeah
#gucampusplan takes the plate. Knock 'em dead Toddy
I hate sweating and this heat won't allow me to do otherwise -_-
Awp, I'm sorry the links were all Chinese! I am doing an IRB now, so had the IRBnet International reference from that.
Are your thoughts worthy of you? If not - NOW is the time to change them. -The Secret
At first glance, I thought the Robert had morphed into RT So which of the Bella Twins was the Marty Jannetty?
Is your business having trouble competing? Let us design an advertising package that will get you noticed.
#GamerPickupLines Pots aren't the only things I can smash well :P
Answering the same question 5 times? Create a resource where answer can be posted and point them there.
Is it going to be over 100 degrees there? I wonder what the rangers record is for games with a starting temp over 95...
no these arent now
It's wonderful! :)
@ h0Me, got my neices & nephew running around with my daughter I LOVE SEEING THEM PLAY !!
Ancient Aliens. <3
I was an alter boy and they paid me in penis, lies and guilt
"40 Days and 40 Nights" will be the next movie screening at USC. Will take place after Spring Break so stay posted for details!
I am dangerously close to drunk!
Getting woken up hella early by my mom on a #SENIO12 skip day -_- <
I would imagine most are just rubber necking at the train wreck.
Thank you.
R.I.P. Whitney Houston #MusicWasBestWhen she was here. Great voice a gift from God, Now she sings in his precensepre.
Keeping my museum field trip weekend rollin' with today!
Lots of people in the office today; working on exciting new projects ..and, its finally a gorgeous weekend here in NoCal!
ya kup, I forgot its a real heartbreaker receiving 16+ million dollars
Still waiting on word from my editor on the 1st act from my new novel. Writing the 2nd act has slowed; waiting distracts me.
Was voter No. 236 on Madison's SW Side. Poll worker/neighbor of mine said he wanted to recall ... well, not in those words. :)
Hey Rem sorry we couldn't connect, had to work crazy hours on the project. Let me know next time you are in MKE!
What are the pros and cons of using e-readers in the classroom? I'd love to hear all your thoughts!
thanks you two. me really digs her.
That's the loudest you've heard only because you've never cut off my girlfriend while driving.
S/O to its her birthday <3
go panthers !
I can't think of a single reason to ever wear Crocs.
Get ready to #fearthedeer starting tomorrow night
You can bet I will look forward to it. Hope my schedule will allow--busy weekends in May. But I will surely try!
thank you!
Turned it on just before halftime, unsurprised by Washington's "O" RT Has a coach ever been fired at halftime?
If he only knew what he could make me do... Smh..
Takes skill for us to text and drive but we make it look easy!
I miss my phonee :'(
very true, ah my bucketlist of aspirations ;) cc
I'm sorry to hear that. Very sorry. Usually it's fear of the social order that put them on top being upset.
1st production meeting for
u need some fender flares !
I'm such a terrible sister- I forgot my brother's birthday. :P
Follow for your photography and video needs
Really wishes I had a girlfriend. :/
<--- Follow Racquel @ #Growthink. They are an amazing company helping businesses throughout the nation and beyond!
I have strong faith in you getting it up to number 1! So everyone go buy his single! #Buy1111AndGetItToTop10 #believe :)
alright nw nd make sure u follow my boo love ya ma
Can't wait for festival season
RT : Happy First Day of Spring! RT if you can’t wait to bring your science outside.
send me the info to reach you for the deal
Against the rangers you gotta be able to out up runs, cuz u know there gonna score
It's not even funny how much Google Chrome kicks Internet Explorer's ass.
Last Thursday Night, Yeah we dance on the rooftops. And they take too many shots. Think Barbie kissed but she forgot. Last Thursday Night.
Im So Tired of Hamburgers I Ate That Alot When I was Outta Town.
Well, shit. I guess I'm up now.
Very similar to Prince in the field and at bat, I'd say.
is covering the WIAA Board of Control meeting. He'll have the details on possibly moving the state bball tourney to Green Bay.
aw, thanks for sharing your story through your blog!
my ultimate is irregardless and regardless! Makes my skin crawl!
Bored at work ready to get this long work wk over with and relax.... I need a party #needs sum fun
Excited to be at Indian Health Council speaking to the community here about #safetyplanning!
Did a walkthrough of my new house today. Can't wait to move in and have my 1st BBQ and guess what? You're Invited!!! #SWAGG - XavierLT. com
Hello Humid Summer!
and not get burned?
I love to see it rain, but couldn't it have started after my walk into work?
I have about 20! :)
Going to karate! and now comes back(: yay i love her!!!!
Sorry you're feeling sad Nicole, hope you feel better
My dirty laundry clothes always smell like I've been sweating out weed from my body
Flight for Life going to a crash somewhere in Racine County. west of I-94 my guess
Thank you for the reminder. Are you following me as well?
ours too! And our new summer menu debuts next Tuesday!
Okur going down for the #Jazz isn't going to bode well for them
Thanks, I appreciate it
Following the followers that follow your followers while following the followers that follow you.
Just got done weight lifting :)
i believe the time difference is playing a factor. ;). Looks like we will be splitting the season series.
Happy Tuesday! Weather today is a 'NW Special' of sun, showers, downpours, small hail.
I know!
Have a great time! Hope you enjoy the Capitol from an "insider" view.
Not necessarily - I gave birth at home and I paid the midwife with my book advance!
Obviously still pissed at NC. Christian Sharia wins again.
Just finished watching Spartacus! Man off the chain!!!!!
If you're grown, you shouldn't be sneezing into the air. I taught this to my daughter when she was two. COVER, nasty dude at the gym!
Thanks for the follow, love your background, look forward to your tweets.
Once my phone dies i'm gonna study for humanities
is being played at the gym. Day has been made <3
I'm so excited to meet them!! :)
My cocaine comes mañana she I can blow a couple dollar haaaan
Someone LIke Me just picked up its 86th Amazon review (81st five-star). So honored that my readers take the time to post their thoughts!
Really wanted Lefty to win. Just didn't think it would be THAT lefty
A little online shopping at school never hurt anybody.Right?
Supposedly my heart is a toy to u and I think u know ur gonna eventually break it
#orphans8 Gartenberg: "the importance of looking closely at the physical media"
I just left :(
What's happening at Casa de Pico in La Mesa, CA...www.casadepicoblog.com
I did say it'd end in minutes!
CAN PEOPLE PLEASE TWEET ASKING HIM TO READ HIS DM FROM ME ITSREALLY IMPORTANT AND IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME<U+E022>
Liars never change
I CAN"T BE WHO YOU WANT ME TO BE I CAN ONLY BE ME EITHER ACCEPT IT OR LEAVE ME ALONE
Back to just brown hair(:
Congrats !!!! Lucky, lucky lady!!!
That presentation fits perfectly with this course, I favorited and followed her--will use in future courses #TRMA585 Thanks!
My brother retires May15 w/20yr in #USAF - looking to start next career #HFChat #JobChat #veterans any suggestions?
They didn't have that on karaoke.
yeah change ur password i got like 56 dm in a 5 min period. Saying same thing.ive change passwords 2x now
hahaha that works too :) I get that a lot
Dudes Be Posing In Pics With They MPC 4000, But The Beatz Are Trash!!
#EXCITED for towmrrow I'm going on another shopping spree with my mon and guess what me and Mikey and my mom birth week starts Monday
“: If I were a bus driver id honking everyone off the road! Move!” me too sista!
my littles is so pretty:)
Live in Sellwood? Brew Dr. Kombucha now on tap at the Portland Homestead Supply Co. at 8012 SE 13th Avenue. We love this place!
Some people don't realize how blessed they are until they lose it all
Why aren't I asleep...
for real! Im a LAME!
me either!! Oh well so if we do get back stage passes omg!
If you like to dance and want to be a part of dance flash mob. Contact us www.allegrodancecompany.net July 4 Wheeling WV
its still weed. You can be an alcoholic and drink shitty natty ice or something lol
Before my daughter was born our vacations were planned around microbreweries. The good old days.
Back to the library. Dear lord
From what I understand they are one in the same
i can turn anything anyone say into something related....
Watching Drew Carey host 'The Price is Right' is like watching a cat fuck a dog... It's just not right.
unreal #handshakes&middlefingers
Any 1 black friday shopping?
This is an exciting night! Can't wait to see if #Perry and #Bachman fall off after polls close.
Tell Kuhn to get on twitter!
He can't stay healthy? Yes, let's base that off one season. In 3 years if that's the case, we can talk.
January 28th is Have Fun At Work day! If you usually don't have fun with work, this day is just for you! Tweet us about your fun work day!
c'mon twittersphere tell me something good.
Still life Nightclub is Throwing the Largest Thursday Night Party in Raleigh!! Come Experience the Difference!!
I don't know why you're up this early but :(.
i mean some people.... have short term memory loss.... those signs were put in there for people like me !!
Torry holt doing it on nfln. Sign that guy long term.
Congrats to Winter & Wesley, enjoy your honey moon!
There's a difference between being fed up & being just flat out annoyed^.^
thx for the follow.
ah I have to get it!!b :D xx
what to believe?? the campaigning Obama or the caving Obama?
Reading forever <3
don't think it's up yet. ASAP sports should have it, but probably not until tmrw.
watching 25000 pyramid And the winners won a cassette player and they were so excited #DickClark #80's GameShow
HDR Pros: Which do you prefer Photomatix Pro or HDR Efex Pro? I'm going just with one for now until I get more experience.
Is it always required that Taylor Lautner is shirtless on most of his movies? I am now watching
You know I really do have the best friends and family in all the world! Thanks everyone for all the kind words and wishes! Love ya! Th ...
Have you tried our new #Gyros #Fries yet? What do you think!?
I hate guys who think they can get any girl.
Good morning! It's a hot day in Nashville..how's it where you are?
so basically we just need to get ourselves back down there asap haha.
Just fix back the pieces together
in any case my main point was to undermine the romantic anti-capitalist notion that we could return to some imaginary
If voting could really change things, it would be illegal.
Nate McLouth. I now hate you. That was worse than any at bat Pedro ever had.
The fields have been extremely small lately, but the Isle does such a great job, and field is soft---I'm playing!
oh. Ok
I MADE JUNIOR VARSITY CHEER!!!!AH<3(: -KENN
That awkward moment when you eat on ur bed, & when you're trying to go to sleep, u feel crumbs on ur skin.
The Replacement Wife by Eileen Goudge. And You?
#BreakingDawnPart1 Will be released on BluRay and DVD in an hour! :) Can't wait!!! :)
Why y'all act like if you from Milwaukee you have to love the city? I don't. Fuck y'all. Lmao
Day 5 since #laceyfiredistrict3 removed staff from station 35. Mums the word at #cityhall. Am I the only one that sees a trainwreck coming?
Now this isn't fair...
OH: "I can take my little girl to Disney this summer because of "
yo this dude spitting wit this big bush beard look like a hip hop abraham lincoln lol lol
sign of the times, football and now bball....
It's #ClingyAdventure day! Where is Clingy off to today??
See you there! RT Going to see "I am Montana" by
Will this be your last tour of duty at NESN?
I am truly annoyed
IM not weird today!!!!
There has been an…incident…in the bakery.
Back in Cincinnati, brought the teenager with me this week. Now I have someone to fetch my drinks and do chores... Hahaha. ;)
Sarinah Williams loses to an unranked player and their are no americans left...WHAT IS HAPPENING?
I guess that's the Champ in me.
“: A 2-run triple from Ichiro using and the Mariners have a 5-0 lead Makes the birthday girl Dorothy very happy. 92 yr old fan!
U deserve it.
Lol at Angela's mom. Totally made the trip EXTRA trippy for me!
Am psyched for live show this morning. Very cool. However, newsroom WAY too empty this morning!
Putting together a master plan...lol Nah for real I have... Heard u killin'em in La RT : DAMN NIGGA WHERE YOU BEEN?
We're taking some new product pictures today! We'll post some soon. Look forward to it!!
Last week of the semester!!!! :)
#Faffcon 3 is all ready a winner and we haven't even official started yet. This is going to be a great weekend for working #voiceover pros.
got a tux for my wedding. shit's getting real.
is having free mini cupcake tastings tonight hm?!
We can make love to a rap sonq.
Rocos tacos is probably louder than the concert we're going to
Ha, thanks Jared!
Tim Teufel's last name is German for "devil"
NFL players got full season suspensions for lesser hits than Garnett's shoulder check
I was waiting for you to write something on Iowa!
Thanks for letting me know! I just knew it would be! #IfTheseKnishesCouldTalkRocks :-)
My team boys--drink Coors Light. One bragged how cheap it was. I dunno if they realize that's not a good thing.
I'm happy for those who have pulled for us, cheered for us, and have fought for us. It's not easy,Happy Valentines to all and GO FROGS!!
michel jackson, the king of pop, will be rememberd
thank you !!
Everything I got I got myself!
yes :( because it's not the same type of phone it takes longer to get it working properly
Changed my profile name and BG check it out!!!!
I hate when other teams use the
words can not explain how excited i am for Worlds 2012 this weekend! CEA Senior Elite for 2012 champs!
Awww I love You too Sista! bcuz You stay on my mind... Sista! Lol Ok I quit
Thats awesome! I need to pray more to the Twitter Gods. Great job with the site. Lets try to collaborate on some projects.
Youre sending the mans career down the drain.How many more fans do you have 2 lose to realize youre making embarrassing choices?
Thanks for visiting! What did you try?
I fricken love late night
absolutely right about Virgo's best match! Lol
drawing is tomorrow
Sweet potato fries and bacon aioli is the new peanut butter and jelly.
Nice play
We're back to work in full force, hope everyone had a good President's Day weekend!
It can't take you that long to get here from Polaris..
charlotte duh
Who else has voxer.! :)
It was my pleasure!
Independent Spirit Awards
#Loex2012 How to write press releases, Tweet professionally, be bold, move quickly to post content & prepare to go viral, & protect brand
National security is the highest priority of government, but NDAA intruded too far on personal liberties.
Sun<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0085>rises night<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0084>falls what you do in between is up to you.
oh really
What happened to the Smashing Network button? It was one of the main reasons I visited the site. Am I missing it?
You might be a fan of Marukan if ____________. ReTweet with your answer.
it's the next Pride and Prejudice and Zombies! ... Now waiting for Hot Topic take on "nothing to lose but your chains"
We are rooting for both of these amazing groups and can't imagine the talent behind such loyal fan bases! Each must be so grateful.
No sir!
I sleep all day so I feel like I'm being productive when I sit on the couch and play with the Internet all night.
It's 2:00 am and Im eating a QT Burrito with some Chips and Coffee :)..
For a show called "Sex Slaves: Texas," this is really unsexy.
Going to see #bluelikejazz movie w pretty excited.
that would be pretty bad-ass (just sayin)
My dream rap concert would probably be Fifty Cents, M and Ms, and Most Definitely. Those guys are "the shizzle".
Jalen Rose is such a biased bastard. who gives a damn that Rudy Gay is back, that'll take away minutes from Z-bo and HE's not himself yet
Tired after lunch? Let me recommend 3 cups of Jamaican Me Crazy from Java Works. If nothing else, the bathroom trips get the blood flowing!
Nice to see a company that gets it. Win the war for talent and position yourself for growth.
Damn you gotta step up your dress shoe game! HAHA!
Love your enemies...do good to those who hate you.~Matt 5:44. Let love God's called you to change enemies into friends.
merry christmas, guys! :)
Thanks for the 842 Love " love the 842 makes me smile every time i take a whiff"
Of course we are speaking about the "grand celebration" part and not the readers. They were GRAND!!
Yes, especially perfect when delivering bad news. (Hey guys, I'm using jazz hands so it can't be THAT bad!)
Thank you so much for sharing your story! May we post it on our website to encourage others?
We are perfect together and we both see that and agree after talkin about it. So why arent we together again? I haz confusion
The Clippers are back in this, there's still a lot of time left
Ha ha! I've placed 2 of those guys in the last month, but I need one more!
When I can't sleep I'm drawn to my iPhone like a moth to a flame!
But what's up
. If I do this serious MERS dive, you have to promise to help me.
Those gold pants sure do his penis justice...
I'm turning 20 this yr. I study psychology :)
Marquis Teague is doin good. 1 mo half n we back to the champs game.
who was your favorite Drew? I love little Rachelle
Somehow the book title "The Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner" seems very apropos when you're starting a business by yourself.
Jelly beans for breakfast! DAMN YOU, Easter basket!
So my brother decided 2 take the LONG way 2 prairie state…WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS CHRISTOPHER!?!?!
Just ordered your book. Perfect timing for my team & our business!
Wow it's hard to get up this a.m. God, I need ya.
I have little to do for the next hour before work, so I'm going observe things and tweet obnoxiously.
What a day...I'll have one more
I love you too
It will be SO nice to see you again! I had a GREAT time on Show. It'll be on OWN on 11/17. LOVE u !!
Hey, whatever makes you feel better Lynne! :-) I still haven't checked the apt therapy feature! Will do tonight :-)
Q10 Fad I wish would return? Key parties. ;-)
get instagram. It's better.
So tired.
I'll check you :-)
RT : has endorsed Prop 420 because of historic ties between the Cubs and Mesa and commitment to Cactus L. exhibit.
Preparing to grind B-72 off of 780 ceramic mural tiles today. Let the games begin.
Well young lady. what about you where you from?
U betta, Woke yo ass up!
“: I'm in Milwaukee. Pretty sure there was a "chain of custody" issue today with my cheeseburger.” Welcome!
If someone says free drinks I'm there, I don't even care if it's an old folks home
Look i was tired and trying to sleep~_~
please let others give you the opportunity to speak, without cutting you off.
I'm in the business center of the most expensive hotel in DC. The gentleman next to me is using AOL email & can't attach documents...
you didn't do to bad for your first time. Great workout.
i hate tuesdays because you're at church and since the time difference i have to wait up till like 12 for you to get out and yeah
A and C
if this was facebook i would have just hit the "Like" button. but instead ill favorite and RT it hahahaha!
hell yeah #teamivy!!!
gonna watch the Third Reich: The Rise and Fall on glad to see some real history stuff on this channel again.
Dude, Check out "Ozma" by them. Pure gold.
Wow. Just got lectured by the #target mgr about how to act when doors open. She must have been traumatized by Missoni.
Don't mess wid nick's chicken nuggets Okaiie :D
Thanks for following. Tell your friends about eastnashvilleradio.com
twitter is not interesting to me anymore. we might break up.
We like Pina Coladas!! Song stuck in my head!
I miss you so much too ! You are my homie. Hopefully with my settlement money I can do some traveling.
is HIMYM over? i'd google it, but i don't want to find out who my mother is.... seriously.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 59
Williams: it is just as tough now to recruit minorities as it was a few decades ago, but it is priority.
11:11 is amazing ,best first single ever can't get it out of my head so catchy love it and roll on tonight it will be amazing
Reading Between Shades of Gray # titletalk
#9 bus was 20 mins late this morning. Plus fare hikes. #mbta is really digging a hole with riders right now. Great start to my Monday. NOT!
Lmao! Maybe there was a reason for disabling embeds after all.
Dreamed that all office communication was printed on tea towels.
oh for sure!
I don't have any junk mail
Comic sans seems fairly sarcastic. No?
The one thing I hate about the gym is how much I sweat.
I'm around the corner eating. I'm thinking of you in bed watching family guy. I miss you.
hey. Call me
it was manicured lawns, happy dogs, and good teeth
Attn workshop attendees! If you are under 18 please print out a waiver from www.hidefdance.com OR have your parent or guardian sign you in!
yes that's me. from like 1982 or so. my best Halloween costume ever. it's faded because it's old. not some neat effect! ha ha
Lmfao made a funny......."jam out with your clam out"!!!!!! Classic
excited about the Saints winning tomorrow!!!
Never assume we're free, guys. We want you to think our social calendar is filled with glittering soirees, even if we're scrubbing the tub.
We're happy to have warm SoCal weather back! Time to shoot outside again!
#grocery shopping for the week done and home just in time to beat #Austin #traffic!
Dawn's famous!!!!
I have watched too many covers of One Direction. If anyone wants to sing to me this should be the song PS I will always love boy bands
Hi! Willissteam thank you so much for the follow.We are both believers in giving friends a care package. Tweet me N E time.
Emma took classes with Cynthia Bain Young Actor's Studio in Studio City. Loved it. Top notch.
If absence makes the heart grow fonder, I'm growing pretty damn fond of having functioning air conditioning at work
lovely photos of animals in nature - where in Ireland?
i got a client that wants a Enrique Inglasias I Like it type track and another one that wants some james bond hip hop ...lol
Stop blaming the "down" economy & start accepting the "new" economy. The faster you accept it, the faster you can adapt your business to it.
It is a beautiful day in the neighborhood! Loving the early spring.
We need to have mega-doses of God<U+75F4> Word. A little dab on Sunday morning won<U+7A1A> do you!
its all blurry! haha franklins living the high life though.
Can someone please come and just take me away? I live in a fucking dictatorship rules by a bitch. She fucking ruins my life.
I know! & later I realized I'd never seen 12 Monkeys, either. A night of first Terry Gilliams for Julie!
Bulls, Heat, ¿Knicks?, Magic, Spurs, Lakers, Trail Blazers, Thunder.
are you on Draw Something?
um, yeah!
I know it's not your lane. But WE need you & YN to lead on this issue ASAP. HIP HIP must be politicized around Treyvon Martin NOW!!
Thanks for the RT Chanelle! Appreciate it. :)
If you're single, read my last tweet. <3
AGREED Listen To More EDM
Kevin and Tom are ready to help you learn more about #orings and #sealingsolutions at #Design2Part in Oaks PA
then I'll feel bad :( that's not fair Donnie. Meany ass Mean pants.
should have went Navy
This is the point of civil disobedience. It's not very effective unless people are uncomfortable.
Lolol. So basically you made Ur bed ?
crossed the george wash. Bridge for free..1st time ever getting in the city for free except for when I was born...
Why does it look like Miller Park is empty ? Are that many people still drinking in the lots before and ?
True. For when they're "drinking" RT : Fashion people have this weird urge to start anon mediocre twitter feeds.
Feeling skinny today kids
I am a huge fan, you are very positive, and pretty
Gave me head cause the movie was wack
#Silverlight use observationcollection instead of arrays to make serialization work
Its sad to say tht im one of many ppl to say "What if"....
Welcome to the NFC Mr. Tebow :)
H-O-T again today. My pate brisee is very soft. Let's hope it will stick together long enough to roll out!
you know you found the right girl when reality is finnally better than ur dreams.
Also I like lentil soup
What a great day at Watertown Bridal Fair! Lots of people stopping by our booth, lots of ideas for next years booth....
Thank you for your kind words!
obviously you are because you never have time for me
Haha, next week doe (:
You twitted about not having any friends!
oh, i am so sorry...
Q5 I love my ereader but I would never call it better. Just different. I will use either depending on my mood.
potty mouth
gergen in 1972 tasked with writing resignation letter for nixon: "uh, who does the president resign to?".. boss' response: "figure it out!"
Thanks Paul. Voice of reason
#smx You are on Facebook right now, aren't you?
Thanks! I just sent the link out yesterday to our educators and they are emailing me that it doesn't work. Great timing:)
1. Slow expansion, particularly in tropics.
One Up is now serving lunch. Luscious lunch items by Chef Marco A. Espinoza. Come check us out. 25% for a limited time!!!
Been 9 months since I've worked in DC now; I still have not found a place I want to relocate to. DC is so asymmetrical.
Max Payne Online is pure chaos and I can't win
thanks for coming Shelley!
let me know if I can help at all
Oh wait, Hugo was amazingly shot also, so I could live with it winning cinematography
": #Taurus women are masters in the art of seduction. She will get what she wants but her patience is incredible."
Learned that occasionally power trips while at the organ. With music power comes music responsibility.
Happy New Year! Let's be excellent this year!
- so what's your mononymously name? Will? Willionaire?
This game is getting good (finally). Turn on the Heat v. Pacers game if you're not watching. Marv Albert & Kerr on the call.
Dont know any other shopping stores besides pretty girl, rainbow and Walmart
Happy Birthday fellow #tAG member
True. There are some really good honest stock brokers out there as well. :-)
well next time buddy!! I'm gonna go back next season ;)
Playing for the kiddies at glenn valley elementary with the MidCoast Swing Orchestra!
Thanks for the awesome photo from the Cheat River fest show!!
Think I'm gonna eat my Hello Panda cookies now
White, white replaced by blue blue and some sunshine. Excellent way to start the week.
a month ago. We wanted time to iron out kinks before we started advertising.
Well girl lets go,walk your broken heart through that door Sit yo sexy ass on that couch Wipe that lipstick off of your mouth I take it slow
I've already predicted the next new network: Facebook+Instagram+Pinterest = FINPIN
lol still nobody knows how much I love and
Flight of 09s...Cab Franc-Cab Sauvigno-Merlot
ahh me too! Lol it's lk insane I wud love to see it live <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> ahah
Lesly is retarded
Support Ur Boy By Downloading The New Hip-Hip Mix...Thanks For Everyone's Love...
You know what today is, Twitter? Stephen Sondheim's 81st birthday. I'm listening to FOLLIES in celebration.
your an asshole.
Which ones are your favorites? Our team seems to love chocolate.
Welcome back! Glad you made it in safely.
what the fuck
sure is! Groppis, beans and barley, sendiks, metcalfes....thanks for supporting us!
Come see us today and get a LOVELY experience
TWEET ME QUESTIONS AND I WILL ANSWER THEM TRUTHFULLY! #Promise -Maria
#RonPaul really sealed his fate. He said he'll cut all foreign aid. Even Isreal. I like it, but it won't win an election.
Too cool, thanks!
PT, you are killing me! LOL!
for sure you as well bro.
lol ok I'll tell Jasmine when I go in today :)) thank you babe!!<33
In the mood for some delicious pie? Well I am. Today I will be featuring a wonderful Bananza Pie~ Too yummy for words!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
": I love the show swamp people" Great show no doubt.
yeah :( i remember when i used to talk to john on myspace all the time. arf
Aint no lover like the one I got, no need to mess around cause he gives me a lot.
Skill is successfully walking a tightrope over Niagara Falls. Intelligence is not trying
Sorry I have been a bad tweeter friends, my apologies.
after i graduate and all that I gotta start makin' moves.
I need to work out before work!!!! Ugh im being lazy!
that's cool sry for being so nosey but IV always just wanted to know that lol
Who got Stinky this weekend?????
What does THAT have to do with THIS?!.
“: Looks like Alber and Hayes could be leaving to sign contracts in add. to Kreider and Dumoulin. #BCHockey” Yikes. Big hit.
I get so emotional baby, when I think of you.
#FiggeStudentFellows presentations about to start. Intro by Senior Fellow Ilia Delio OSF
A girl isn't pissed until she deletes you on Facebook.
#Libya #Tripoli #MermaidDawn When #Gaddafi said he would fight to the end, he meant fight from within.......the ground.
"There is properly no history; only biography." Ralph Waldo Emerson
If I think any harder, imma have a brain malfunction
#3WordsForYou: What's your name? ;)
We can still see all the negative signs about a person and still give them a chance....
Oh my pet...I would save you if I could... but I'm a little busy with the Accession and becoming a Goddess. You understand huh?
#Str8LykeDes... It's crazy that you even thinking of like dat..
I'm a fan. Never had to get on. Just that's a devastating loss
Border Wars can be watched on iDevices, right?
Thank goodness it's the weekend! Good weather, good football, good friends....what else does one need?
Anyone have any cool song ideas for a cover? Need to put a few new ones in my back pocket.
I have no idea. I wish.
Pullin 8am - 2am's DAILY. Get work do work get paid do fun LIFE'S GOOD
New York Giants 14 Washington Redskins 7 2:48 in 2nd #giants #redskins #nfl (Via )
Your welcome anytime you need to talk to anyone don't hesitate :) I got you homie
here we go, here we go, Sh*t my folks don't know!!
Excited For New Jonas Album 17
Back in NYC, all of a sudden its dark and cold.
That would be amazing. ": you need to get back on a podcast.
Thank YOU for being our guest :) RT 12 oz filet. Still way more food than I can eat. Thank you Elway's fantastic.
iight we will see if yu hit me up
Had our 1st qtr wrap up meeting today. Amazing!!! So proud of the 1000 H2S team members. Looking forward to BIG things to come very soon.
I have a little crush on the hummingbird that flies around outside my work window. "Oh, there he is! He's so cute!"
Dear boys wearing skin tight graphic tees...you don't look good.
lmao and I can't help but laugh cuz at the end of the day you gonna end up with a baby-mama some lost ass kids and nobody at ur funeral
" we can't but stay posted on our distribution craving some hop on top. Can you ship a case out to Colorado for me??"
Ah - This movie is scaring me silly
Not my day
Sometimes I watch Americas got talent, and I think "no...apparently not"
I am so tired
Why is he wearin a pink shirt and gray sweater is he gay?? Yes i think soo
I don't dread going to work in the mornings anymore - well, no more than usual.
Getting ready to head to the village pub to watch Loud Mouth Soup! Best cover band around!
anyone have experience with GarageBand on the iPhone? maybe compared to FourTrack?
Take your Vitamins! I prefer mine as a double shot of Ketel One w/lime !
Thanks new follows for supporting contemporary ballet!
Attny's all enter not guilty pleas to four additional charges each.
Choices are endless.... BE CHOOSEY!!!!!
Seriously, I need some me time...
2marr it on an popping gonna see the 1st fam perform at jaxx night club
Opening my package w/ 's new Severance Songs. Also opening a delicious beer. Going to be a good Friday night!
I love the watchlist feature on your site! But <U+2713> vs X not enough to tell if it's added already or not when looking at a film page.
You know I have a terrible memory. If you told me before, I would've picked a different one! Thanks though...
Do you have a business email or personal that you could DM us? Thanks!
cheers to that!
u r my LOVE
I feel recharged. Back to work in a few
no, just standby flights have to be caught 1st thing in the AM or else you're screwed
I was jus wacting video and i noticed him look alike lol idk to me they do
Aww miss u guys too!!
I know baby you got the whole package ;)
In 1997 the price of coffee in New York broke US$3.00/lb, but by late 2001 it had crashed to $0.43/lb.
Todd said he would provide dates tomorrow. cc
No problem! Thanks for the shout out.
Ugh I miss all the good stuff! I know Jiffy though, there will be more ;)
techies i need your help
I love Zimbabwe where do u teach I'm in GA also
The fattest knight at King Arthur's round table was Sir Cumference. He acquired his size from too much pi.
Yes! Person next to me .. Your running faster miles because your incline is on 0 and mine is on 4 idiot quit looking over here .
I cant wait to start Crossfit back this summer! I have really missed it!
Good night! See you in 3 hours!!
in what new direction are you thinking of taking the blog? I'm curious! And, yes, you should dare ... its your blog! :)
When your life is exactly where it should be because your doing what your supposed to be doing>>
You know when I feel inwardly beautiful? When I am with my girlfriends and we are having a 'goddess circle'. Jennifer Aniston
Lol stiles: he smells like death ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
sounds great! do you have the recipe?
Never The Minor Things... I'm Moving On To Finer Things.
I wonder if it'll get easier
Listening to Charlie Cook at Foundation event talk politics...
One of my fashion consultants just told me (and I quote)..."Miss Anna, your swag is ON POINT!.." BAM take that 2011!
Research and Markets: Digital Media - The Competitive Internet Media Environment
Editor, writing post for Mew ticket giveaway for tonight's show Stay tuned.
Can the Eagles find a way to lose tonight?
Stay tuned for a wrap on the conversations that took place. After that, this account will be reborn as ... something else.
Horrible withdrawal symptoms! When do you broadcast? Brain failing. Me stoopider and stoopider. Ugh. <hit screen with rock>
Scrabble with - we've each played two words, none under 50 points. This is going to be good.
I was tired from that wack ass job
I am never, ever, going to the beach without wearing sunscreen again!
Composing my paper for "Literature, Theory, and the Future of Medieval Studies: Middle English and Its Others," sponsored by Exemplaria.
I get why you dislike the team. But wishing injury on anyone is just bad mojo
bc my mom has been a middle school track coach and drama teacher. Her credentials being my sister and I.
When you going to be in the 210? I got a friend in Toronto who wants a CD after hearing "thats nit how you represent 361"
You @ me first
Still shootin for the stars, without a second to wait :)"
Clearly reading a 391 page book in less than 9 hours is not an issue when its as good as
I'm a man with pride
Networking done, partying commences.
good morning! Is anyone seeing the hunger games today? I'm seeing tomorrow, so excited haha
Well, last night in Lawrence...and why aren't we living here this summer? Remind me, I forgot the reason..
If you don't fight for what you want you'll never get it
Too many fucking rabbits.
“: I love Sandra Bullock!” me too
You can get really drunk, fast.
I mean I AM biased! But that's just crazy!
He is risen! What a beautiful and blessed day.
Almost too much to talk about, but your topics are always #1 on the JTShow. Email topics & opinions to now
He was singing "Don't let me die girl" Clearly an original
Wow, I'm sure you will :) Are you going to SPF too?
I hate my fucking bestfriend shes a fucking bitch im so tired of her...fuck her..
A quote from Lincoln who died on this day in 1865. "Whatever you are, be a good one."
The quickest way to piss a girl off is to tell her to "chill out"!!!
Thanks Let's Go Pens - I'll be contributing however I can in Game 5 from Section 110
Jason Bourne style I imagine!
Today is "national clean out your refrigerator day." Help us clean out our pantry starting at midnight with half off grab 'n' go leftovers!
you're rude miss i'm to good to hang out with you
Watching The Oscars! !!! :)
FYI you guys rock!
haha yeah I'm the same way. Some of the stuff is just farfetched but that combination of stuff sounds real good.
Dont worry about wat other ppl say jus keep doin you. I respect how u show your fans much love. Love you Trina
: your work is so wonderful. Exciting to see.
If you want to learn about customer experience, spend 5 minutes w Chester Hunt, right ?
You're so lucky! Jealous :)
7 more days!
Denver has been consistently ranked in the top 10 places to live in the United States.
Solid Art Museum stair workout with and Getting pumped for Saturday
lol my parents know now cuz I did it so much
Thank god it's wednesday , I'm planning on sleeping all weekend I don't even care :)
I got really involved last night. It's a real survival horror game The screen size is weird. I have to adjust it everytime
#SocialMediaTip be very flexible with seeing people
As Part of the 48 Hour Music Video Project, Chasing Disaster will be Performing and Shooting a Video on Friday September 23rd, at...
Wish I was there!
I DONT THINK YOU LOVE US BECAUSE YOU'RE OBVIOUSLY TRYING TO KILL US ALL WITH YOUR SEXINESS IN THAT VIDEO. OMGOMGOMGOMG.
- Thanks for being my 400th follower! :) Now onto 500.
this is a major dragon I am trying to slay at my insitution
I Love Your Videos And You're Gorgeous!(:
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
Thrilled to be in San Fran instead of buried in snow. Ready for AAC&U!
LMS IF YOUR'E READY FOR THE NEXT RE-FIX TO COME OUT?! Gabriel Antonio - Somebody I used to know [Gotye Re-Fix].
: anytime, anyplace- as long as the time is when you're #1 and the place is
Watch the special features. ; )
Man I hate that the DMV was not open
Just got back from playing two gigs in Richmond, VA. for the 2nd Street Jazz Festival. Back to the studio now to make some music!
Michigan plays in the first round. Bring it!
They say it's gonna rain in #PHX tonight. I say, I'll believe it when I see it.
Can you give me an example? We could fix that pretty quickly.
Omg why can't I sleep.
Follow me please?
No more carrying my #passport around.
Beach party on the threshold of hell.
We cleaned the windows at the Tramway Community Church and they look great! Stop by and see them sparkle!
We are booth #232 @ the 2011 Annual Western Arts Alliance Conference in Seattle Aug. 29 - Sept 2.
North carolina now. so we got like 7 and a half hours of driving left to get through south carolina georgia and then florida
Kobe Bryant needs 38 points to win the NBA scoring title, but will not be playing tonight. He said, scoring 38 is "not really hard to do."
are boom-boxes back, too? “: I never would have guessed that oversized headphones would come back in style.”
Treat everyone you meet like God in drag ~ Ram Dass
that's exactly what I was thinking. You should just watch animals doing funny & cute things, those are the images to carry
making a cake for my mommy <3 and trying to convince her to take me to MIAMI this summer haha <3 WHAT ARE YOU DOING?! <3
Malfunction of the play clock y'all
Me and Jenny goes together like peas and carrots.
how long have you been working w hill?
I feel like I'm just running, but going nowhere
goodnight :) love you oh who cares you will never see this ;(
I love twitter.
I can't believe how cheap your gas is. Bitch ;)
great! I will do it tomorrow. Thanks for the heads up on that :)
Working and trying to plan a fun weekend trip outside of Santiago.
Go Saints<3
We have much more facebook activity than I thought
Congrats on being Cityview's Best Local Men's Clothing Store!!!
I took some pics last wk on 35mm. Didn't turn out at Walgreens, but I think they could if given personal attn.
#AlexAndRobertTweetTweet follow me follow me tweet tweet TRY TO TREND IT PLEASE RT.
no, thank you
BIG payoff!
"To dare to be aware of the facts of the universe in which we are existing calls for courage." ~W.R. Bion
The sunrise on the beach with the woman of your dreams = priceless!
Mos Wanted was A M A Z I N G ! <3 Best performance so far!
Q4: I could see this as a qtr review for Human Geo. Asking students to find topics they can talk about & learn from others about.
ur nuts to marry Bad attitude....better think twice dude she might kill you. Throwing bottles and plants...really?
yeah but I have 4 and thats really stressful, all my teachers are putting so much pressure on us.
I know wat u really ate haha.
<----Who has a chance to meet Joe Tait today?
eating tuna fish in spanish <<<<
Individual vanilla cheesecakes are fresh out of the oven. Hurry! Only six left!
Yay! RT : Taking over this account starting...... Now.
If you can't stand for something then lay down so people can walk all over you.
why not?(:
56° today, 60° tomorrow, 68° on Tuesday, even 70s make an apperance. Mother Nature needs to make up her mind!
the one time I tried Jäger, I couldn't move. I think I may have also seen God, not too sure on that one.
GOP shills masquerading as journalists: ICYMI
The Colts will play the Saints in Super #44. I will bet on the Colts since they have been there before and this is a first for the Saints.
I can't even lie, the avengers was so good. I didnt think I would like it.
Please happen!! “: So says the Texans are now trying to trade Jacoby Jones? Yeah, good luck”
yvw! You had a great post @ "Mommies' Dearest" blog. Definitely will return!
but i'm not like the girl next door , in between a cheerleader and a whore , <3(;
Can't pack it any tighter.
RT : Through security. Thoughtlessly began removing pants when asked to take off belt. Distracted?
THREATENING ME AND I SHALL PERISH LIKE THE LAND OF OURS
Oh rehearsals with AKL... Always funny dialogue.
it would be nice.But having removed the white on your own allows the site to run faster. Big benefit for our pros. Time=$
It's pouring where Sporting is playing in Chicago. Perfectly fine for the Royals in Chicago.
Dear God, I wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from you, but simply to say thank You for all I have.
...unique tweets.
How over a million recall signatures only have an over 200,000 vote turn out?? Almost 300,000..... If you don't vote, you can't complain!
That made lol.
Who the eff do I work with tonight ?!
- thanks for the follow and all success in your race, thanks for your good work. Best wishes, Marc
:( good luck
fuck you bitches
#CantWaitToSee STEREO X tonight at Chrystie 141 at 11pm! We love ! & makes her NYC solo debut to open the show!
Everything is discursive opinion instead of direct experience
don't do it!
Its not what you have in your life, but who you have in your life that counts.
Ohh yeah I remember him. the ones like those are so dangerous i'm afraid to watch them Haha like the guy that dove into a pool
going to a wedding.
|#quotes A successful life is one that is lived through understanding and pursuing one's own path, not chasing after the dreams of others.
Good business leaders create a vision, articulate the vision, passionately own the vision, & relentlessly drive it to completion-Jack Welch
It's an OPINION.
is at #Rollins sentencing, live-tweeting
At Rushtons Demo +Dine. Wine drank now onto the food!
im good just got off of work chilling cant wait to watch some nba tonight
Sun just went down, and it's 62 ° in here. How cold's it gonna get in here tonight? Darn heating costs.
So glad your prof apologized - my friends & I have better things to do than chase such an awful human being.
If you take more than a day to pick a paint color for a room, you might need to hire an interior designer. Keep the momentum of the project
i just followed everyone back (:
I love how when I call the apple help line, it says "we are experiencing heavy call volume" then disconnects the call.
“: If I was Coach Spoelstra I'd grab Lebron head band and say GO TO THE HOOP AND GET BUCKETS !!!!! That nigga would be bald
Starting off Friday with some killer Co2 Sour Diesel Taffy. Irie!!!
140 characters can not explain whats on my mind twitter. You should think more about changing that so people have enough room to speak.
You like a different girl every week
Thank you! Enjoy the weekend! Cheers
Ommegang or Three Philosophers?
trying to prepare as much as I can :)
RT : What an amazing day! Thx again to our live bloggers
": As of 5pm. The center of the hurricane as 340 miles south of the 5 boroughs."# TTLO. Its going down
Cant wait to watch tia and tamera show to night... Love them
Are you sh*tting me w/Sh*tter ??? omg I have chuckled and chuckled so much reading abt this new "product" LOL :) thx for sharing!!
I am!
FOLLOW ME ALEX CONSTANCIO!!!<3<3<3<3 JUST GO TO MY PROFILE AND MAKE THAT LITTLE CIRCLE TURN RED! DO IT! YOU KNOW YOU WANNA!
2534026 I'm starting to go down there more cause its so chill
I push myself to finish school no matter what's going on because it secures the future of Kailynn.
RT : Anyone have a 'scope and a signal generator they want to donate to ? Audio projects here we (would) come!
Certain studies seem to indicate that unhappiness increases with knowledge.
#fridayreads The Night Circus, Erin Morgenstern
Contrary to popular belief I am not Ted Mosby, I repeat I am not Ted Mosby, or Mike Brown for that matter...unless the Lakers get hot-hahaha
RT is the go-to place for Christian Life Coaches to get equipped to successfully follow their calling!
wading through a deluge of ungraded finals. If not heard from in a week, assume the worst.
is watching the snow in Ballard...from his bicicle.
We hope you met some poster ladies too ;) Thanks for all of the love!
Jorden Garrison's two out double to center scores Kelsey Jacobson and gives Monticello a 2-1 lead over Juda-Albany
That's what I'm saying...if #WI doesnt show up 4 her it will diminish interest/enthusiasm of independs who R just watching 2 see
IS ANYONE SELLING TICKETS TO 1D SHOW ON JULY4th 2013?
good for you! A good cause!
It is not the BROKEN DREAM that breaks us...it is the dreams we were afraid to dream...
'A free lunch is only found in mousetraps.' - John Capozzi
I look like a tomato...
ize still wud tell her how youz feelz... Maybe she won't mind?
To my followers, just made a twitter change...nashgrp is now trishiien
How did I get sick? Very sore throat, tight chest and dry cough. Being lazy is no fun at all when you're sick.
what you doin?
Graphic Design Solutions & Brand Development. Call or email today for a quick quote. www.liendesign.com 858.336.8906
Chillin watching sports center
because UNLV and that crooked prep school are gonna get exposed? Hahaha ok buddy.
I downloaded a random speed dating app but these old men kept tryna hit me up so i deleted it
I'm so sick of this library and staring at fucking microsoft fucking word but it's POURING SO IT'S NOT LIKE I CAN REALLY GO ANYWHERE ANYWAY
LOVE it when it rains
Please don't be in love with someone else. Please don't have somebody waiting for you...
Day two was amazing! thank you again! People need to stop by and check out the 2011 vehicles.
cool :D
is a wonderful person.
I mean anything but send her cash right?
yeah. Wish you would've said somethin. I want a hug ma'am. Is that too much?
Scramble with friends is pretty fun
Kirk Era: "Noninterference unless interference helps you score with alien babes."
I'm glad Bo didn't get thrown out in the first half! *whew* it sure was entertaining though!
it was unfortunate to say the least!
RT In Long Beach getting ready to go onstage at The Women's Conference! Who's here with me? #TWC2010 womensconference.org
Thanks. They took my Ravens replica Superbowl ring so I suspect On the serious side, Tosa police have been great.
i hate when I'm trying to hang out with someone one on one and other people always end up coming or tagging along
I like good head , I like good Reefa
MT : Confidence is often viewed as arrogance, see it as intellect - NOTHING can be accomplished without it.
"You're fired," - M. Romney
Just got kicked out of my pottery class. I seem to have made one too many dick-shaped things. It's a gift.
Can we please bring rollerblades back?
“: make masturbation a tax write off and you have my vote!!”
nope. that would be my hubby's cell phone alerting him to his battery dying. ;)
U are welcome! :)
I'm so freaking out. XD
Thanks for the RT !
are Sons of Sylvia playing on #AmericanIdol tonight?
Sharing is caring. :)
In the age of the internet, there is no reason not to know what you are going to order before you get to a restaurant.
you always get them in your toe and you wake up from a dead sleep just so you can scream that your in pain lol
Starting to get frustrated and desperate. I am so sick of this "economy".
I am going on Monday.
If you keep whispering such sweet nothings, who KNOWS what might happen, sahr!
DCPS has a great 3/4 yr old program called tools of the mind, and could certainly use more $ to implement wider. No $ in bill.
appreciate the RT, buddy! :D hope your enjoyin the week so far!!
Bored it's freakin 9:11pm and it's syllable sunny out omg
*sad face* We'll miss you!
Whats wrong with me seriously i always lose friends. . . .
#news The scheme to get people off the street and into the doctor's
see goes in....
Does your taxi give you this thing of beauty after every ride? Nope. Thanks
any days to suit you. Will get the kettle on!
#newspaces4learning The big difference btw the levels is for them to choose tools.. tough when they don't know many
Thanking God for allowing me to see another day
Wow, he would call me when the game is about to be over. Asshole, Im gunna punch him in the face tmrw faggot.
Both TV Legend gone but never forgotten, Don Cornelius (1936-2012) and Dick Clark (1929-2012).
true that
Thanks for the re-tweet
haha I was definitely being facetious with the Bonnie Raitt statement :)
2 weeks of school left..
Greetings from Keller, TX. Check out my website & let me know if we should chat.
Vegas we are here!
Thanks Katie! RT : LOVE THOSE. Gorgeous!
Yes its Kent! You guys all guessed right! I mean seriously, who else would wear a bright yellow shirt about cornfields!? Love that kid haha
~ Its crazy but true ; I can't see myself with nobody but you.. ~
Math problem: my answer 314.2 choices a)4 b)7 c)19 d)12. Well, I haven't chose D in a while... so
The Los Angeles teams look forward to beating the teams from Phoenix tonight.
thanks for the kind words about AJ
Have a well deserved rest and sweet dreams! -.- z
#k14 at #4c12 will be packed, methinks.
Had those on my birthday last year. Yum!
Eagles fly alone, but sheep flock together.
The latter may be the better bet.
My HBCU's stand up!
Yesterday afternoon, when he acknowledged it was him, I added update to the bottom of the piece. CMS does not allow headline changes
A yin and yang kind of day... Some great things mixed with some not so great things. If I was a soccer club, I'd still be awarded a point!!!
thanks for the QM encouragement... Sounds like someones been brushing up on standard 1.3 ;)
thanks much for the kind note. Mountaineer fan by relation of cousins, Pat and Coley White
Happy Mass Effect 3 day!
RT : thanks to #transferpizza for the great pie in #milwaukee. The artichoke "La Bella" was awesome!
My brother's getting braces. This is going to take forever
Got long day and even longer weekend.... # lego
Me to... lace front shawty lol
As the swim coach says "There are no cheerleaders on the swim team. Everybody into the pool!" Are you watching your life or participating?
why am I the one with the pigtails?!?!...y0u d0nT wAnT nOnE oF DISSS BITCH. I even talk GHeT0 #iwillcutyou <U+2702>
This is undoubtedly applicable to Bush, Cheney, Limbaugh, Hannity and the list keeps going and going.
idk? Lol im a nice and fun person as well(: and ur a directioner?!?!?! I fricken love u!
Quiet evening at home. I think I may have a glass of wine or 3. Lol
Will look back through hundreds of tweets to find who does massages. *sigh*
lol well my family at all mine so consider yourself lucky!!
First time i talk to you in like two months & you still make me feel the same way > thts some real Nigga shit lol
New twitter handle I guess my old one was too tough for ppl to remember #
“: When Bob Uecker dies, I plan to freak out the way the people in State College have the past week.” Me too. Guaranteed.
AYE.! I Got MI Name In A Hashtag Lmaoo..
Oh yeah, I remember that night well. :-)
Very good! Hard at work in the gym and hard at work online
Check out Not cheap but you totally get what you pay for and then some. Made in USA, too. I love mine.
I got em, got em, got em, got em ! RT : need beats beats beats beats...
Going to play a video game with my little sis
Standards for "competitive" school food last updated in 1979. A child who buys these snacks consumes 300 calories per day from them
is one of our lawyers and he is awesome!
Jeff, Raspatello here, the guy you were talking to at the end of the evening. Can't say how much that means us. Thank YOU
Ocho Cinco! RT I'm enjoying my Hyundai Sonata kind sir RT : the cls63 AMG should be your next car, what do you think?
thanks so much for the #Shoutout and RT.
When is #Twitter #Trends going to have #Pittsburgh so I can stop tracking Philly??
graffitti party tonight ladies drink free 10-12 first 100 people get white t's
We love all our followers & today we chose a few:
hm, good point. definitely a wildcard that time of year.
The #Wizards!!!!!!!! Wow that's cool
Im bout to vomet
D.C. essence: man walking into Mass Ave. office building in Brooks Bros. suit wearing royal blue Nike backpack.
I'd Probaly have a a lot of followers if I sat around and said nothing all day!
Booking for the Dallas BOTB, call me (216)240-7582 or email for more info!
Steve Blake... He a _____.
haha I keep forgetting that one
Black women and young people the two key groups that elected Prez Obama
I just don't get it. The electoral college is crazy, but we put up with it. Chris, help us make EVERY VOTE COUNT! PLEASE HELP!
Aw man.
that was during a break...the concert was the best rap show I've seen in years
Getting sick of this fucking follow limit thing -_- Keep following me guys and hopefully I can follow you all back soon!
Oh come on. No word about yesterday's game?
My mom and dad and cousins are having dinner tonight. Maybe they'll bring home a doggy bag?
Starting the day off with Hannah montanna ..hell ya
Thanks for following us. Hope you can join us on Saturday at the benefit event!
Congrats for #shortyawards 4 best social media manager.
Yeah, what Bombers said!
I shouldn't be complaining, but. Americans have become to damn LAZY AND DEPENDENT (and CHEAP!!).
For all my friends ! Come to follow my bestie she also following back ! She's new joiner ~ she's ballerina
I have a BA in org admin from a lib arts program full of humanities ppl. Also a career studies cert in marketing.
Corey Campbell has 11 points and 4 assists at the half to go along with 6 rebounds. Bonus check.
was going to be the opening act for Michael Jackson during his "This Is It" tour.
Yup -- sourdough, rye, some pita, and a baguette or two
two cannibals.... was a good one. LOL
I really want some cookies. i don't have any cookies. I'll drink water instead...
When we moved a few years back, we sold almost all of our furniture on craiglist and only took a small moving truck with us
BWAHAHAHA. What I look forward too. RT "It's payback time, bitches!" - What I think every morning now that I wake my kids up.
Don't forget - we are all in the same family! All beings are one big family - we most of the time just forget that.
HAIR YOU SPECIAL!
Don't miss The Cincy Brass tonight at the Cincinnati Club Room 9 PM! A tribute to Booker T Jones and one BIG surprise!
This shit hurt like hell
I didn't know that! Awesome! I fly back on Tues, will prob go see my mom and then come back
I am done with the closet. BORING. Thanks for your prayers!
Writing something mean and then putting lol to make it less harsh.
I'm excited to watch your efforts to make the Stone Cold Godess laugh. Good luck Colbert
well...it's probably because they know who you are! :)
SHOUT ME OUT !!!
it was AWESOME. To say the least !
Personally, I think, this whole time- Rabbi Jose had it right.
" When you are Content to be simply yourself and don't Compare or Compete, everybody will Respect you. "~~Laozi( Lao Tzu, Jao Tse )
Aw no that I miss you to
hahahaha - I only accept people who have worn giant character costumes.... wait....
You need to be moving if you want God to show you which way to go.
I'll let you decide when you see the flick.
I know , i love him so much ! ;o
I don't recall Lebanon McD's being special; but at that point I was jonesing for some American-style food.
Ugh. Third #fridayreads in a row of Middlemarch. Slow, slow days on the grange.
I have been really hard on the speakers. Not sure why, but somehow I'm in that mode right now. They still made me think hard.
I'm covering the woman who hoarded Bernie Brewer statues from a scavenger hunt this morning. Did anyone try to go look for one?
Tonight! Irie Sundays is back for our 2012 kickoff! Real Reggae - Roots - Dancehall + more w/
#Directionators... They are the reason we can't have nice things..... right #Directioners ?
yes, in the most positive interpretation of daunting.
writing tracks for Access Hollywood
Haha cute! Why do you have to get up so early to watch #AdamOnGMA ? It's on 7am everywhere.
like an arubix cube 54 channels of crude on scan 2 find a way 2b a better dude.sugar coat or b truthfully rude dont matter ur still crude..
aha weren't you applying for some?
Harry Thaw, right? Money, privilege, stupidity, insanity, perversion - he prefigured the whole 20th century!
ooh what a pretty color, I'm jelly wish I could! You are gonna be turning heads!
- on marketing webseries, go to your dream audience online incorporate those influencers "stunt casting"
No one's stopping us. Let's go to space together.
congrad to the coach of the phoenix suns...:-)
A final decision on ABCD's closure will be made on February 9th. Parents say they'll continue to protest until the DOE changes course.
The role was "Johnny" from the second grade.
Why not both? They are both great fits! RT Wallace would be good, but i think BB goes after Lloyd from the Rams
DALLAS!! SATURDAY!
he is a putz!!
Less than one week until hits the stage at ! But, who's counting? WE ARE!
If video games (mostly ITG and PIU) counted as a sport, I'd have so many trophies and awards and people would like me.
not enough!
glad to see that your now twating with the rest of us.
Up all night fighting with Illustrator
Dear - please please please bring back the old radio feature! The new one is lacking and too much like Pandora. Nothanks.
Y U LYE QURL
today could'nt be worse just saying :(
appreciate the #Twollow !!! Vegas Baby from Red Rock to the Encore it goes down!!!
I am trying to buy a Digital Camera.. Not expensive, but something it could be worth it! Send a link if u know anything about it?
See and more grilling on Monument Circle today until 2pm.
nice digress.it customization! may i suggest you upgrade... the styles haven't changed too much but it's much better!
oh cool! Lmao. So there's 2 girls here now
Learning and application of what you learn, you could solve any problem and accomplish any objective that you could set for yourself.
Don't forget to follow us on Twitter !
Oh, I know, I just figured you wouldn't hear much, since it wasn't addressed to anyone in particular. Have a good wkend!
saw u on 106 & park 2nite u were AMAZING !!
Ahh, well that's no fun. Still in Indiana!
oh okay thank you.
Update iPhone. From jailbroken to v2. Lost navizon and a calculator that did % 's
text me a pic of your dress
Started watching Yo Gabba Gabba with my daughter. This show is a trip!
KO baby! God bless you and america! Great fight!
Age of Aquarius. Runner up: you never give me your money (I take it) by the Beatles
What Tebow hates: when he's on the phone with God, and God's all like "Oh, gotta go, I got Jeremy on the other line."
"... Republican candidates are foreign policy idiots! "#TiVoErase (most are assholes as well, but I've been drinking...)
I agree it is too early
Thanks. Timed comments is a great function for language instructor to give specific feedback cc/
Just had the best meal of my life again at Pappas Bros Steakhouse. Just absolutely phenomenal food all around.
More #amexredbox for the month of May!
we call it kony inc. that's why people ware those kony 2012 shirts customers
lol thanks john
do u like Jelena? (just asking)
Get ready for 2012! Believers, we really need to let our light shine (2012 election!) Let the Church say AMEN!
Tomorrow is Monday
One second I'm fine then the next I look up and start crying, thats never happened before. Everything just hit me.
thanks for the follow buddy
Buffy's place in LA reminds me of Faith's place in Sunnydale.
twitter pretty live tonightt
Im right behind ya
Conference call at 4p. Seems like I stay on conference calls. :)
Homebuilder mktg tip: enhance email effectiveness by providing agents with easy way to add personal comments. CPS' CRM 2.0 does this & more!
Our office is hiring.
Theater Worship is happening at 9a & 11a today! Live worship, same sermon, different room. Help us open up seats in the auditorium.
A minority is only thought of as one when it constitutes some kind of threat to the majority. Usually an imagined one. Usually fear.
Merry Christmas guys!!
The sister was given Springsteen's "Seeger Sessions," listened to it once, "&that was enough" so gave it to me: 1) Thanks! 2) We're related?
It's so gray outside. Overcast. :-(
“: Studies suggest chewing the same flavor of gum while studying and taking a test can help improve your score.”
Connaughton: "We have had issues with Airports Authority." Says not enough Virginians on Board
HaPPy HuMp DAY Twitters! LOL!<U+2665>
No principals ; No student teachers ; the first one to be the winner ; but there can only be 1 (;
and thank you holly craig
Thomas Bruzzesi 2012 Republican Candidate for President on YouTube, hot stuff America!!!!! www.bruzzesiforpres.com
New Tweet Peeps! TFTF! , ,,
Mean Green Thursday ~ 20% off creative lunch salads!
Deep breath...
i don't owe you shit,bitch leave me alone. i'm going big,suck my dick.too many niggas,not enough hoes & some of you niggas acting like hoes.
#lifeisgood says "youth knows no age". Love it!
That's crazy. Yeah PR missed that one.
Insurance commercials are the ones that really get into my nerves.. specially "progressive" ones, southwest r annoying too
I prefer Facebook, but I am going to give Twitter a try.
Because I only tweet about it after midnight. It's not good yet. Yet.
Judge sets bail for #TrayvonMartin killer George Zimmerman at $150,000.
Pliny The Younger, writing as Paul, jokes about the promise of an afterlife when he says "what state were you in..." And says, "never mind".
FSU losing to St Bonaventure would demolish alot of brackets!
RT : I have a feeling that #SeeSawChat is going to become a regular thing ;)
Ok I guess o3o
After Dominating the Tennis Courts--Now on to the Volleyball Courts--Should have continued with Club Volleyball back in the day
Home from Columbus!
funny we all laughed at that part.
I just downloaded warcraft.. yep my life is over d:
Correction: Rachel Frick: standards are like toothbrushes - everyone thinks its a good idea, but no one wants to use someone elses!
thank you and in hawaii
Overheard: "I keep that synthetic pee on me."
hmm, you might like my band too, wanna check something out real quick?!
hey girl!!!
If the business defines the person, then the tough decisions get even tougher.
Can't wait to hear how today goes, I know your announcement will be well received!
I just love basketball wives. I love Chad n Evelyn
Why are our bodies overly acidic? Bad diet, stress, lack of sleep all play a role in throwing our pH out of balance.
what about sbjosphere? Take off on blogosphere hemisphere atmosphere? No?
I thought today was Wednesday.
In South Detroit, it feels like Spring! Ready for some #Tigers baseball! Bought tickets today!
(syria honoring promises). Why would Admin think they will honor things this time when America is war-worn as we r?
Middlesbrough gallery celebrates fifth birthday
sounds like a plan to me!
And I ask myself what's going on here...
i approve of 's bullying.
have an issue I would like to get your opinion on, if you have a 5 minutes at ASTD 2011 let's try to connect
looking forward to trying tonight, hope the line isn't too long.
Thanks for the mention! Have a great week!
AND I love the idea of a homemade commemorative plate! That's awesome!
Is looking for 3 Information Security Engineers for a three year contract with DHS in Springfield VA
How did we miss you?
Help me welcome the Children's Pastor at to twitter! Give him a follow!
Tornado Warning! Yay!
I got This Drank In My Cup
Remember this dude gave me a baby oil massage *dials his number*
Heythere =) I sure can do so! thank you =] hope you are having a fantastic night!
Only in Nashville would Charlie Daniels play the intermission break of an NHL Stanley Cup Playoff game.
Boss got us for lunch yesterday and my #15 wasn't a #15 :( I was really hankerin for some buffalo ckn, too!
Se7en (1995) Less than 20 years old and already a classic. David Fincher might have more than one of those to his credit. 9/10
Well hello there, Houston.
It done got a little hot outside
"everyone has a plan until they get punched in the face" mike Tyson
thanks for the #FF babe ;)<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
“: NO ERICA NO MORE TRIPS FOR YOU CAUSE YOU DONT KNOW HOW TO ACT!! RT : I wanna go to”Lmaooo!!!
damn that's a high goal!!!
Rainy day in Georgia. Good day to pray, meditate & work at home.
If you were curious-everywhere we go so goes The George Lopez Show. At any given time an episode will be playing within 150 feet of us on TV
lmao he's my new texting buddy!!!! <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B2>
good *gets sick*
that show was epic & hilarious.
Nope! I'm still getting the crap spammed out of me.
put your game face on. Lets go back to PHX for game 7
To keep with the latest news re: the Milwaukee County Board leadership follow Dimitrijevic.
Happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr, purr, purr! *evilgrin*
I DONT CARE WAT NOBODY SAY & MAKES A CUTE COUPLE!
how's tricks at bossman?
INFAF are grand.
idk I think so
Good luck with your defense :)
RT I like my coffee like I like my Sith Lords: tall, dark, roasted in lava &strong enough to throw my boss down a reactor shaft
No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave. -Calvin Coolidge
This tension between my LA fans and my Denver fans is really stressing me out right now. #goNuggets? #orLakers?
Working on details of getting my car fixed from the parking lot accident at Hightopps. Women who rely on backup sensors = accident prone.
Nice! I wish I had someone to give me an iPhone. :D
Switch to U.S. Cellular and you'll get top-notch customer service. Ever have an issue or question, just call, come into a store or tweets us
Final score mob 163 rats 130
THANK YOU, AH -- I needed that. {really!}
how muchdo you want to bet Josh McDaniels picks ANOTHER quarterback in the 2nd round when Claussen is still up for grabs? ugg broncos drama!
Episode title of tonight's Modern Family? "The Last Walt"
Also, these refs are turrible tonight
#idRatherHave real enemies than fake friends. @ least ya enemies let it be known they don't like you.
Congrats ! You were first to answer correctly! Mozart's father played violin! More trivia & giveaways to come at 1pm!
what college do you go to again?
since is too cool to hang, let me know what works for you! I'd love to meet up!
yea ii wanna make some masks!! But I got volleyball prac. tomorrow
My favorite part about the #knicks no longer being in the playoffs? The idiot announcer who yells "Carmelo AnnnthoooOOOnnyYYYYYY."
can come to america and sing acoustic Who You Are to me. I would love her even more.... Bring along...
no, i think you are right. i remember thinking he was really smart and funny, but i wish i could remember more details.
Thinking of trying out using again - long emails are never any fun.. anybody else game for this?
Really felt the love yesterday. Thank you for all the bday wishes.
Merry Christmas everyone. It's about the love and everyone should make a dish for your neighbors this year. That's what I will do this year!
Fw: : #ILoveItWhen your tweets always send to my phone :)
C.J Wilson expected to sign with the Angels for five years
What season are you on?
what's the speeds?
(AP) -- Munch's `The Scream' fetches record $119,900,000 at NYC auction.
Holiday Bowl, ? What's your call?
OVERTIME!! Let's Go #DallasCowboys!
also super nice stainless energy star dishwasher for 60.00 thank you
I'LL HAVE ANOTHER WIN'S 2012 SANTA ANITA DERBY CONGRAT'S..
Reason being, I am also running for assembly...in the 18th District.
Easter, when devoid of religious persuasion, is just another holiday in which I bear witness to other people's children eating candy.
yeah then I fixed it haha
early times county stout
if you have the golf up. Ernie Els just gave this really crazy face before his birdie putt on 18
Your worries and fears become your friends and they end up smilin' at you
Wakin up early in the morning when u have a hangover <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Faith he must make his stories shorter Or change his comrades once a quarter.
MY 14th BIRTHDAY IS TOMORROW!:)
Just won $320 on the derby. "I'll have another" won the race. Once again I benefit from alcohol.
I can't respond to the DM but I think it's a virus because I got a message saying that too lol
In the studio with
a question for : why did the chicken cross the road?
I can haz kansas?
Went shopping with mom
OH! NOPE I didnt know! Why would I know?! (: AH IM SO EXCITED! what time are you coming?
Ssunds pretty nice to me. :)
Craft ale house tonight at 845, National Athem SJU mens game tomorrow at 2 (sold out!) & brickside with clay at 9, bourbon on sunday!
We survived weekend #1! Haven't sacrificed too many items yet, but we will, I'm sure. She's getting more brave and more sassy!
Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Dana Wilkey releases a new single, 25,000, to show fans that she isn't bothered by her critics.
So sad! Lucky to live in USA!
go JESUS, Go JESUS, GO!!!!! (Cheering!)
it was quite a shock to me having just left the big city for a small town.
thumbs up.
Test today. Wish me luck?? xx
The thing with Oasis that you never know. I've seen some of their best epic shows and ones giving an epic headache
Inbox me for the new number
very excited!!!! :D
m that's a hard one really depends on my mood
"Ow Archibald! My spleen!"
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 38
yes, but sad either way :(
RT : I'm seeing 's 'Mother Bear' tonight and 's 'Hickorydickory' tomorrow, very excited
thanks for the tweet, Chris!
salty with just the right spicy flavor.... but they went away too fast!
...and what to sing?
Dusting off the old #CatherineWheel records. The days from 1991 to 1997 were happy ones, indeed.
Thanks for letting us hang around tonight, ! Loved the ideas and excited for the semester!
Look! #stillgrounded is trending in
Was totally unsurprised by headline that Luck and Griffin were first draft picks but confused by Bobcats Lousy headline...NBA. Evens out.
Good Morning.. Do y'all sell vans in your store?
I can't wait for #KUWTK on sunday!
Did join Twitter just to let more people know that he doesn't Twitter? ;-)
RT : I'll make time for you, but I got no time for the games.
doesn't mean i tweet a lot :p
AmandaF. gives sharp example of Omeka dev -- find the code in your browser, dig it out of php or css on the server, change.
There were some GREAT shows in Baltimore this weekend... did you discover any new music?
i cant right now actually ;) im doing my math hw
Just got out of the shower
Happy Birthday! And I'm proud that we were there to shove you off the wagon.
Psalm 27:1The LORD is my light and my salvation;whom shall I fear? the LORD is the strength of my life;of whom shall I be afraid
My little cousin is too funny ! Haha
thanks, david! i've definitely checked out your music before. how funny! glad you said hi.
I had a great time at State, but all good things must end. Let me know if you plan on visiting Seattle!
what is up? Welcome.
Operation: Sound Off & Ride2Recovery Event Tonight, 6:30pm, Tin Roof Nashville!
This funmi girl ehhnnn she just docked me.....*sigh*
Amazing lunch from today - thanks for the Limeade I got a few sips before drank it all =)
So I heard Christmas music on the radio this morning. Way to early.
I just unlocked the "Newbie" badge on !
working out in a few. #WorkoutFreak :p NW:_
woohoo! I wish I could say it's because you saw me today, but I know that's not the case. Excited for you!
have any demo bikes on sale yet???
Academics may be the last truth tellers says
I think Scarpia is right up there.
I think and would make a good couple ! They're so cute together and he seems happy ! #Romanda <3 (:
Were open at 5pm today. Come by and say hello. Full kitchen and bar! Let's all be thankful! Happy thanksgiving
I KNOW SAME. It's just so crazy, I never imagined that would happen... so quickly.
Thanks for picking them up. You're the best! :)
don't ask me to "hang out", what am i your fucking laundry?
10.6 relay split. I'm cool with that
hey...not at Mango anymore. :-)
I take it back about So You Think You Can Dance - was actually pretty good last night.
No way. I use the force when my baby falls so she doesn't hit the ground.
#ConfessionTime I never thought girls should wear make up because they look fine the way they are.
you know me..lol
This day was so peaceful. Got to nap out on my porch in this beautiful weather and snuggle with my kitty cat.
Stone looks amazing in that fuchsia gown can't wait to see you present and congrats on a great year!!
Dancing with the Stars is back tonight. Early favs to win are William Levy and Maria Menounos. Who's your pick?
#FF gotta know and ... brilliant minds, brilliant ladies!
I'm sure it is what I think! Haha
Tonight. Quin and Reed back on Californication. Unless they cut MORE scenes.
finally got roman reloaded!
I love M.F.K. Fisher's "How to Cook a Wolf" especially the recipe for Eggs in Hell!
Duke Snyder, 1 of the last Boys of Summer- great player from bygone era, and even greater gentleman. Gr8 memories of #4 in 'Spos bcast booth
Thank you
what color is it?
keep them coming! We're excited to show America what's out there!
Next person to send me a facebook game request is getting deleted.
..To be seen
Newcastle will beat Man City.
and just checked out the guest books and the investigation just started
I better grab something heavy for lunch today. and I are starting with Parona's tonight. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> #KlusozsSaturdays Hwy 281 Rd.
Intense game...
Thanks for the RT. Great networking with awesome people in Fort Wayne. Thanks so much!
Watching JUst for Laughs LMAO
Catcher is up, peg him JJ
good 2 see my nigga ==> today
so u feel John Jenkins is headin the the draft?
Enjoying a lazy day, after a 12 hour work day yesterday :)
HAPPY FOUNDERS DAY TO ZETA PHI BETTA SORORITY INC. <U+0396>F<U+0392>
is in love with you. Js ;D
thank you for a wonderful evening!! Everyone see Clybourne Park! Excellent!
We love and miss you
at taco bell drive thru: bald black lady on pink n purple bmx in snakeskin skirt & bikini top. 3 AM.
It is ___ that the first game of the MLB regular season was played in Japan, at 3:15 am Pacific, and BLACKED OUT in the U.S.
Lol sweet! :) RT : very good. Winning money on the derby always helps :-)
As if I didn't love enough, she starts talking about Tim Burton and how awesome he is.
She's really not that bad...at least not here. But I still don't like her, I'm js she's really not that bad live.. Haha
someone has to look after
Today I am being super #lazy! It's regular lazy, but I'm wearing a cape!! hehe......
<sigh> Too much good stuff. Would you all quit already?
*Talking about 'Draw Something'* Me: Write NASA on the space shuttle so it's easier!" "What's NASA?!?" #blondie ;)
What is to b Joe B Jackson Pkwy, on south end of County Farm Rd in Murfreesboro, Tn. will b a lenghty 2-3 yr. project that will run to I-24.
'Twas a fickle God who inspired the war between forks and cherry tomatoes.
Its first come seating for those with VIP tickets...so come early and enjoy yourselves
#Ne closed? what does that mean?
A time to plant, and a time to pluck up.
Bernie Boricua!! My favorite Yankee of all time. Cuidate bro!!
Good call!
Are you kidding me Grey's Anatomy!!! That's how you end?? Uggggghhhhhhhh
Thank God we for his blessings! Orphanz™
textin him.. hopefully he'll change his mind and say yes. ;')
RT Driving to Southampton. ETA 3:00 PM using Waze - Drive Social
I can count on one hand the number of people I know who care that the NBA cancelled more games.
What apology, for what?
so what's the outcome?
is she preggers on the show? I know she is in real life. I think she just got fat
I just published a book and I am a personal coach. I help young professionals land their dream job.
I'd do it.
and Thanks for following. Happy tweeting!
One of the greatest things in the world is to be married to someone who gets me. And still stays. :)
Looking for people w/ knowledge of #WordPress install, themes, dashboard for tech support at happiness bar.
All the mistakes I make arise from forsaking my own station and trying to see the object from another person's point of view. -R. W. Emerson
i hate when my computer gets dirty and then there is a glare and it is just ten times worse
bro, that is some weak Chicken-N-Waffles! I'll have to show you how it's done sometime!
Hola mi amor I'm going to call you when I get done eating bestie. &nd I didn't hang up on you ealier
Finally got new liquid eyeliner
Guys, I think I might have changed someone's opinion OVER THE INTERNET.
yea I been back for sum months now
Its definitely one of my favorite CDs from the past few years.
Smh. RT me too. All day. I thought my twitter was just fucked up.
Play #FreeOnlineVideoGame #NewYorkShark! Fun and Crazy! Google it! Dig It!
I would love to have a child of my own. But I'm gonna wait for the right person to have that kid with/or adopt with...
earthquakes and $hit
When i get on imma shun the celebs for the locals.
Really? A blue & yellow color scheme? That's tackier than the actual merchandise.
You know it. Keep fighting your way through it. Pacquiao style. BOOM! That's what we do!
#NowPlaying Dust In The Wind
": Oh, you call your girlfriend "your bitch?" You two will surely live happily ever after."
I miss you more than you could ever imagine.
I really want in somewhere on "After Earth" pretty please.....
is there a Snack Shack at the craft fair?
Check out "The Life & Music of Paul Creston" exhibit located in MNL, Dean's Gallery during MNL open hrs. Available until May 24th!
Let's see who gets ultimated on ):
we should def link up soon
if the wait is too long, try TechRoom- the Apple Genius referred me there. Service was awesome. AppleCare covered and no wait
After today we have four more Mondays! Summer break here we come! : )
I want to go to the movies
not at all if anything we r trying to recruiting freshman so we can teach u it will look good on ur college app :)
Why should facebook limit whom we can ask to be friends? Ppl can just turn off invites from strangers if they dont want to be asked.
This truetwit validation stuff is a pain.
50 years, or 18,251 days ago, Central started meeting. Celebrate with us this weekend - it's going to be a party! Centralonline.tv
To succeed in business, to reach the top, an individual must know all it is possible to know about that business. – J. Paul Getty
Enjoyed the lazy weekend... doesn't happen often! Caught up on some much needed sleep. Looking forward to working on the new projects!
sounds wonderful
what's your YouTube channel?
Just followed
sup man
Current weather in Orlando. 63°F · (°C) Wind: 6 mph SSW Humidity: 97%
Me too. I think Lena Dunham has a lot of talent, but the show is like a bad student film.
Today is filled with good news! Going to the People's Choice Awards in January & just got an offer from an awesomely-fantastic photographer.
Soon as somebody say they got an iPhone for sell Android users be the first ones on d*** asking HOW MUCH!? Llamf
Whoa! annual meeting is "largest gathering of #museum professionals in the world" 5000+ strong - talk about a Creative Community!
It feels like 9/11 or a prison rape is happening in my head
We need to have some people over. Our place is nice and clean. For once.
Yay, Leap Year is coming on tonight on ABC Family <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
I am being held hostage at the hair salon. I would never go on a Friday but I really need my hair done. Been here an 1 hour 19 minutes!!
you got my vote Burger Bracket
Had the most amazing dream that I got a video tweet from singing happy birthday to me <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> what a great dream <U+2665>
Yeah probably. But it's funny now that Fields is totally tradable, except for being Lin's handshake buddy.
Thank you for the RT, Robert :-)
come to WISCONSIN please
Applications are now closed for the 2012 Kiplinger Fellowship. Good luck to the 400 applicants! Those selected will be notified by Feb 10.
Thirsty Thursdays @ Dell Diamond! Use BypassLane to get your beer faster & cheaper tonight: RRExpress vs. Fresno Grizzlies
Tomorrow, Weds, Jan. 17th we're canvassing for the SSID from 5:30-8 pm! Meet us at at 5:30 to join! See you there!
You can't even save me a piece?
Happy B day !
#bucciovertimechallenge Kopecky for the Panthers, Zubrus for the Devils
Ezeli = queer Tinsley = queer Taylor = huge queer Jenkins = queer Goulbourne = queer Vandy = collective douche bags.
As soon as I opened the bottle of Gran Reserva, the chocolate was obvious
Shooting my 50 cal rifle at my buddies farm. Can't wait to test out the new range finder I have for it.
An SSRI would be a good chaser. C
#NP Truth Hurts : Addictive
You go Glen Coco! #meangirls RT : 3 Down, ONE to go
Back on that workout grind.
ICFGR teleconference w Pam Rollins -"'show up & do your best' is individual contributor thinking"
what a joke.
swole there's nothing to do!
produces his own everything! thats #real talent. :)
How do you get wrinkles out of soft leather? Item had been folded weird.
Glad the sun came out for all my KHS prom goers! Be safe and have fun!
Granger was most improved player a couple of years ago now he's gonna be the player with the worst injury cause LeBron WILL splack a nigga!
": Just because we've stopped talking, that doesn't mean you're not constantly on my mind."
You jerk! Now I'm nodding my head like yeah, and moving my hips like yeah
GNC Total Lean 7 Day Fat Loss Kit. ON SALE! $47.99. Save $12.00! A great, quick way to jump start your diet.
RT: Imagination is the source of every form of human achievement. Ken Robinson
“: you should know I don't lol. If it looks good, I'll eat it” me too- at least I try too
Me I'm a Coke man.
just arrived am am taking photos!
Today is Intern'l #Fibromyalgia, #Myalgic Encephalomyelitis #Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Awareness Day. Be tolerant & a help, not a hindrance!
Struggling with infertility: Fox59 is talking live with 'Apprentice' winner Bill Rancic about his & Guilianna's fight for a family - next!
today is my birthday it would mean so much if you said happy birthday ily (: <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
The Artist was AMAZING. I hope it wins something. Anything. Please?
Well maybe I don't miss that. Just a little bit, but I can live without it.
my name should be Procrastinator Procrastinatorson... Hi My name is Procrastinator Procrastinatorson what's your name?
Henry you dance like a wooden indian
When she Taunts me ugh
OH dude. Tipsy bike riding in the middle of the night is AMAZING.
Watching Hangover 2 with Patrick. One of the funniest movies. lol Aahhaha. Im stuck in an elevator. lmfaoo
doesn't make sense.
I don't get the attraction for audio-books. It's like having a really long, one way conversation with that monotone gps voice. creepy..
Why wasnt that a travel on Butler?
unfortunately I am not an owner of an iPhone, and i regret to inform you that I indeed can not see anything but boxes.
our worst football player falls on the concrete and gets a new revo speed. -.-
even with runners on 2nd and 3rd, two out, up by one, and Pujols at the plate?
My brother just said "I wish you were white so I could slap you in the face and it wouldn't be a hate crime" Hahahaha bastard
Sooner or later those who win are those who think they can. `~ Richard Bach
I was arrested today for going into a massage parlor and asking the guy for a Vinny Barbarino... I'm so confused.
I had to learn to clog for a show and never quite could,therefore, I faked it. It's more of an attn-grabber than anything.
very superstitious, writing on dahhh wall~
#occupylifetime needs to be
ReelSEO and SEOMoz are both very good sources. What are you looking to do with video? We've got tons of other resources.
i'm following u:)
Have a Bucket List? Text You of the day - text yourself the "number one" outrageous thing you want to do and give it a deadline!
When KFC runs out of chicken and then subway runs out of bread! All in the same day!!!
"You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness."
Tonight has been a case study in the shortcomings of abstinence only education.
Coulda done something last night on set that would ruin someone's day, but I didn't.
no I haven't. I like "everyday" though.
Round two #lvac happy Paul?
Thanks! Thanks for passing the link along. Glad you liked.... :D
Just gave you a Shoutout. :D
Heads up everyone who's making comments...I wear this much green ALL YEAR.
Awesome day! 2 auditions, apartment hunting all bookended by a morning hike with my great buddy John & evening run in the park!
Good news: I don't have to buy a new laptop! Just had to buy a new AC adapter. I can definitely deal with that.
I just missed you too much!!
is programming.
pls tell us more abt your use case so we can debug #grefine? eg how much data, what operations, ... maybe it's just 1 bug
big congrats to and for submitting the UWO mobile app to Apple and Android! can't wait to download it!
It has begun
Ah yes, the ice cream scoop of quality.
yes vanessa =NYU, Jimmy = uconn law, Jenn = southwestern law school in LA, great for entertainment law
really I will try next time my Kennedy's nose decides to explode everywhere!!
Agree! Mine went off @ 1:15 am. Used to be time I got home! : No matter how much sleep you get... a 2:30 a.m. alarm sucks.”
RT : Does anyone have Bernard pollards phone number?
Twitter below via my fab. co-worker. First Burger King Flame perfume, now this. What will they waste their money on next?
Hey there Alex! :)
It's Friday, how awesome! happy hour and dinner done and now getting ready for a full day of photo editing tomorrow!
Ideas for a bonus question?....
will do. Thanks. :)
Why do they put the slowest cashiers @ "speedy" checkouts?!?
you guys aren't realer than me . way realer
Thank you :-)
This is great! Thanks
you scrub
no, no...my boyfriend.
You're on a roll this AM. Good for you!!!!!!
Not sure--but the poems go up to at least 1660s, my gut says later. I'll look tomorrow!
Noah is a participate of The Chanda Plan Foundation!
Waiting to see the denist great... Always fun!
Spent hours making Christmas cookies so my brother can eat then as fast as he can.
very true! Hm haha. And never mind she's a yr older.
RT : Talk to your kittens about catnip, or someone else will!
NO meats try the vegetarian thing
Only 65 spots available for the 1st Build Day of the year. Contact us through twitter or email if you want to be put on the list!!
i'm learning a lot about people today... more than i want to actually.
remember the thirty minute rule
There is an $80 cup of coffee you can order where I am... and people order it. I'll stick with my timmies.
“: He once drop kicked a train....in flip flops”
In my first year of college, I managed to balance school, guard, and the fraternity. I'm actually quite proud of myself :)
True that
is amazing ^__^
Having some field trip fun at ! The butterflies are frisky today.
what's it like out there? I wouldn't know :/
In another life, I would make you stay.. So I don't have to say you were the one that got away </3
Someone's car alarm has been going off for over an hour. My ears are about to start bleeding any second now.
April Unemployment: 26%+ of Americans aren't even looking for a job.
Bullying is a serious issue this should not happen
Watching the game on the hd big screen at home is so much better that my 32 inch
Slabtown Smackdown today @ 12PM. 8 machines Demo Man Johnny Mnemonic Addams Family Whirlwind Twilight Zone Medieval Madness F-14 and Dr. Who
This primary in FL is already set/over. Absentee ballots rule the day in elections here.
I have to turn that no back into a yes <3.
I Lovee Kelly Rowland In Trey Songz Heart Attack Video.
Even at11:30,when Shinin' on Me comes on,It still makes me want to blast it and go on a drive with my windows down
Sapp's average monthly income is $115,881.00 #HolyHell and he can't live within his means?? sheesh
When they ask bout me they say he put it down put it down put it down..
it's my pleasure. Doing what I can to get some more #secretsantas Merry Christmas!
I was on at 10:30am on the dot....but got the Heisman! Congrats Cory!
yea, seriously! How much does one cost, approximately?
awesome. I've had pasta for like four days in a row so SURE!
it also could have been the #fudge that tasted like horseradish/soap/coconut/chemicals
Listen more than you speak.
Any sane person would've done the same thing.
has a lotus been tested at IMS yet?
McBee fall away 3 to send it to overtime. Wow!
incredibly: 2 teams w/most innings from their starters this year, have the worst bullpen ERA's (PHI & LAA)
going to bed in 5min
Jokes on you bitches
RT : Venting can help release frustration & motivate you to move forward but if venting lasts more than 15 minutes it Really...
Doe you love your fans? <3
It better be all good, Kevin.
that's what you get!!!!!!
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate What, you don't like Nickleback?
do you like Alice Hoffman? She has a new book out - it is awesome
While you gone? Shit, Netflix on your couch.
Sunday Funday, Minaj Mondays, Trivia Taco Tuesdays. We've got fun every day of the week :)
Trying to talk your way into shit by saying you own shares in the company is a shitty look.
Thanks for the RT. As a woman, do you agree that heels go up in an econ downturn?
All I really want to do is be part of a grand story. Much like a great novel filled to the binding w/ laughter, memories, sadness, & triumph
Today I got a trampled on by a group of kids.
it was a fun tuesday because from the YCD group was in Cleveland and came for dinner. too fun!
Nice to meet you too!
Working on this play means something a little bit different today. Please come out and Support WTC View St Theatre.
and thank you. Wish the wifey and mama a happy day too!
Hiking in the desert today!
arriving somewhere in a stretch hummer limo is a great way to let people know you have or aspire to have herpes
Sorry Nell - thought I was already following you! Love your socialvelocity approach.
Forgiveness is our command. Judgement is not
had me weak today in Econ hahahaha !!!
Beliebers Turn To Justin because when the world makes us feel all alone, Justin's music speaks to us :)
There's got to be a way to combine fear factor and the bachelor. Then I could throw snakes on a bunch of girls with spray tans.
Thanks for the RT!
can u follow me plzs that would make my day
Shes my best friend so of corse im going to tell her everything you just said.
drinking some delicious wine with my cousin...m
No problem ;)
In this documentary I'm watching, the narrator just pronounced 'magnate' as 'magnet'.
Congratulations on winning tickets to see #AlvinAiley this weekend at NJPAC in Please DM us for tix info.
Just dropped a WMD in the bathroom
I've never been z
should let me chill with her
If you aint got no fears then you aint got no tears
Time lapse photography has to be one of the coolest things on Earth.
I've tried to figure this out on my own, but what is the difference between following packer people on twitter and on sulia?
Did we really have to move up one spot to get Trent? Did the Vikings have a trade in place with him?
burn them edges a lil so I kno it's real lol
i feel you on that 1 brO and pplz took advantage of my niceness so i had to watch who i was nice to cause everyone doesnt deserve
Happy Birthday! RT : Just realized Copyblogger is 6 years old today. Thanks to all of you for being the reason for doing it.
can you play stairway to heaven? :)
whew. is making it easier to delete dm's then the twitter website. :)
Am I that entertaining? Lol
Wearing her little white moccasins that I made for her, she runs to me with her hands full of wildflowers.
sorry to burst your bubble. Florida for spring break?
I can't today:( prom later, hmm when next week are you free?
Happy 1st Birthday to #iOS game! What a journey it has been! Have met many friends along the way! Thank you to all!
good morning mahomies (: y'all had dreams of a-meezy ?<3
get your money up dogg lol
OMG JUSTINS VOICE IS SO SEXY
“: I want to go so bad. It's been way too long since I have been there” LET'S GO!!!
I will say with respects to motive, cause of death, in my legal career It will be hard to prove intent and motive.
congrats on your male vocalist of the year win!! we (fans) love ya!
SnOrEz! You should've documented me getting blitzed in a kitchen while getting a haircut AND a tattoo at the same time! <3
I actually feel like crying and dieing in double period bio right now :(
That's good medicine for anyone of us!
Eating Sour Patch Kids for lunch haha so not healthy
Sat. off a 3-1 consensus in the NFL playoffs and now we have 85 cappers posted and consensus growing abck close to kick off
You, me, and are like the coolest kids of all time ever. We should party.
thanks jerry!!!
So it's freezing out here.
Working on Edmund Spenser and having the same repetitious thought: "Wasn't Antiquitez on Crooked Rain, Crooked Rain?"
So cute! I used to have a cat like that when I was a kid :)
I mean song lol
Good Morning!
take a deep breath and suck it up OJ! t+ "i don't know" hours. that's our crew for us!!! BS!
EMTs just arrived at Bristol, reports of a man on TV having a stroke during halftime, reports of him speaking in tongues
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!! ILL TELL YOU WHERE THE BEST TRUCKS ARE AND WHERE YOU CAN FIND THEM! THANKS
I was fortunate to present the Lifetime Achievement Award to one of New Orleans' most masterful trombonists and educators, Milton Bush....
lol if u say so
My dad on the phone just now: "Man, can you believe the Spurs are going to win it all?" What a troll.
I love that checked in with us last week!
already bought my for that #BlueSlidePark tour when it comes to madison
Hey, Twitter Support! Can Tweets be sent to two mobile devices? It would be handy if all of my team could get the same info! Thx!
I must be the least prepared man ever trying to obtain a visa. No passport, missing forms and no money.
Twitter hates my phone too I uninstalled it on my Phone and my twitter buds have clogged my phone up lol
I just wanna be at the gym all night but this studying thing is getting in the way <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Hanging out with Waldo RT : where is the man in the yellow hat?
A friend suggested Roseanne Barr for president. I laughed for a bit and then thought how awesome John Goodman would be as vice president
I wanna be a billionaire so frickin' bad
Thanks and for following!
ThanksRT : - you were right! that sweet potato topping made it so much better :-) i'll be seeing you again!
what were some of those great email marketing nuggets from ? Just curious
This scene is just insanely sexy.
you're right. Saw that highlight today.
Someone come have breakfast with me! Any takers!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to Everyone "Specyphi What you Believe"
Just got confirmation on the FINAL #PXYSJ superstar! will announce Wednesday morning!
So I am follwing - love the art but why ur the first person out side of my musical artist I have followed
Patient should avoid hard food items and very sticky foods with temporary dental crown.
come on Tony and be a part of The Big Blue Nation.. Go Big Blue!!
#LTNY Sutherland, like many firms, is catching up from years of down IT spending. tries to sell IT programs on their value to client service
thanks for the follow back (:
Jay and Ye are home, watching their throne.
Come celebrate the NBMBAA'S 40th birthday with us! Aug. 24 - General Membership Meeting & Ice Cream Social @ Manpower
People come into our lives for a reason. Some stay and some leave :(
Juggling real work while maintaining dominance on the #MarcusThomas75 tag -- seriously tho, this shindig is shaping up. Kudos MT party crew.
It's Meat Lover's Wednesday! Which type of our smokin' BBQ do you want for dinner tonight?
FOLLOW BACK :)
FUCK everything about today. By today, I mean the last 24 hours, because that's how long it has been since I slept.
wow. I can only dream. Lol.
Shout out all my me new followers
When traveling to #Detroit stay at #The Henry. A former Ritz Carlton and a hidden gem! Perfect end to concert. Happy Friday!
Haha, yep. "OH SOUTHBOUND 43 IS CLOSED." Well golly, I used this funny box I sit in front of all day to get the same info.
xx Of course, darling. Pepped me up to see you! Til next week~
Congratulations to hosting a very successful conference. Is this the first year?
Also, I think the tv in this hotel room is the same 26" screen he has on his kitchen counter.
I snore at night, so I bought a bunch of those Breathe Right Strips for my wife to shove in her ears.
just realized some things about family.
Immature people these days..
my aunt and I do.
A little Skrillix in the mix now!!! would be in heaven!!
Ok...my cousin is gonna buy da tickets, but my dad said I can only buy tickets for me & my dad :'(
An authentic life is the most personal form of worship
It took me a few listens. But like you saw on my list, Atlantic City is very good.
I read that article. If youre a cop and to mace an 84 y/o woman, what does that say about your ability to do the job?
not to mention your not-a-shitty-person privileges. TWO privileges you have over romney, who would have thought?
From STS-95 interview. "most complicated machine ever constructed by humans".
@ robyn, this time he blogged malevolent ingenuity
Damn, should of stretched more. My left leg is destroyed. Can't be that bad though.
i can't wait for to come out with their new album!!!!!!
make me!
Today's gonna be a long day, so much to do!
Mfs Finna have a free day on Friday no class that's what I'm talking about
#iLoveWhenYou STOP playing GAMES n DROP those DRAWS!")
watching TECO, MDHI, SHMN and SNET those are the talk of the chatroom right now
"With a great pool, comes great responsibility!" Call Danna Pools NOW for your FREE Estimate!!! (630) 595-POOL
Women like a lot of talking and foreplay before sex, while men like to skip foreplay and go straight to sex
NOT loudest snack ever. Wheat Thins 4 me = quiet. With all 3 parrots eating WT @ same time, quietest my apt has ever been.
Online Information is only a week away! Visit us in booth 240 with
I can't decide what's more depressing, the book title "The Jobless future" or that it is a 2nd edition
What time are you guys going on? Are playing here again soon?
Six Flags<3 :D
Two songs have alternated the #1 Hot 100 Billboard spot! Katy Perry's "Firework" was bumped for him twice...
loves it
New Balt. Co. Superintendent Dallas Dance (30) - "Age is not the issue. The issue is whether someone has the skill-set to hold the position"
Motorsports: Hinton: The new old Smoke After 17 years of turbulence in Indy cars and NASCAR, after three Cup titles, after 46 visits to
both keynotes at #recsys09: behavior of users tells you more than their ratings
"the car crash you had I thought it took you away from me And I aint too strong to deal with the vacancy"
#SaySomethin stock in my head all day long, but its a incredible feeling ;) <3
We ultimately rebel against those who demand of us. Rules actually fuel sin. 1 Cor 15:56 Grace breaks the cycle of sin. Rom 6:14
I think ima go get my niece & nephews today & take them to a nice park :)
Cannot grade outside--the crows are cawing nonstop, and the Mosquitos are too brave.
who has the fight online?
Heart disease is still the #1 killer of women, taking the life of one woman every minute.
aww I love mom
does not inbox. If you can't write it on my wall, then don't write it. Luv ya all!
"I have no reason to frown. I'm still breathing."
Wasn't really expecting to stay at work later, but I'll take that $$$
interested in joining a baller gym with me off Yamato/Military trail w/indoor hoops?
To the man who inspired a Syndey Carton-POV poem I wrote long ago:
"But you ain't got no legs lieutenant Dan.."
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion. - Dalai Lama
MT : RT : Great to connect with women entrepreneurs &
#Matt Damon expected in #DC later this month (Sat 7/30) @ the Save our Schools March
Ah what a long weekend. Got a couple more things 2do 2day..but then
You can't master your future, If you're still a slave to your past.
I hate you so much.
This is effen tragic. Never is it ok to perpetuate violence..
cuchifritios would be killer. aspiring hospitality entrepreneurs take note. this is the next truck to do!
So happy for you!
Way to lose a client forever
Almost time for baths and snuggle time with little ones :)
somebody talk!
Sadistic move of the day: watching the play without Rose or Noah. Here's to hoping.
That's a LONG nagging injury list for
Just deleted about 50 food pics, but I had to keep the tater tot nacho pic.
Happy Sunday. Nice pic, sexy!
Skinny nigga but I do big like a
not even, haha. Just a homework essay driving me crazy!
i have a bowl in my room with something in it...you get to stick your hand in it ;)
thank you Gary. But my son is an inspiration to me. I couldn't be the father I am without them
Sorry about the delay. We will check with the parking department. Econ shuttles should run every 10 minutes. What time was it?
yeah I know juan hit me up I'm not gonna be able to make it this time maybe next time
If life is a journey the BEACH should be the destination!
lmfaooooo im Russian leave me lone lmfaoooo
Do you know what happens to good looking people like me in jail?? Well let me tell you it rhymes with GRAPE!! #21jumpstreet hahaha
Vegetarian breakfast tacos will start this morning right
good job...
Feeling cold and hot at the same time, that's annoying!
My kid: "So hockey is basically soccer on ice with sticks?" Me: "Um... maybe."
Do you have an electronic copy? I'd love to check that out!
What's new in March !!! We need some gigs pronto !!!
They thought that we would think it was soo juicy but WRONG! We are grown women with actualy brains. They underestimated us.
Treat even imports your Facebook friends' birthdays so you won't forget
Has anyone else heard that Belichick has had two, yes, two whole weeks to gameplan? Game over, man, game over. Sorry.
Use your mind first in fitness. MindFirstFitness.
My mentions are dead a'f.
Thank you so much. We still need to get together.
I've been chillin wit my hat on da whole day. Im sitting up @ my house & my parents told me Take it off, I'm like NO, I <3 it
I've officially submitted my entry to meet the Kardashian's at the office. Now I can leave for the weekend!
He'll have to DVR it...he will still be stuck in Cape traffic.
"Censorship, like charity, should begin at home; but unlike charity, it should end there." Clare Booth Luce
Going to try this on Sunday!
Super cool calculation language, FRINK - "make physical calculations simple" super!!!
Thank You!(:
I'll talk to you all PM
what was?
im waiting.<3
Watching this game. I just don't understand
They would have at least asked if it was "Spirit Of Eden" or "Laughing Stock"
i love u baby so much
wow, this is a site I didn't want to see. he popped that hammy on the way to first...not good for us
Well that's interesting...I really need to surround myself with something better..
Thank you for the time I had with you but I have to move on now ...
The Citizens United ruling is specifically re corporations. Nobody is saying unions are equivalent to corporations or individuals.
A lot of folk forget from whence they came.
you probably do
wtf. well thats fantastic. me- mom i made a 97 on my test mom-WTF
how many days till Daytona?
Walleye for lunch... Jealous?
Not having any love for Dreamhost support today, after our site was essentially out for 3 days,they ask: "what is your epecific error?"
Choose Ye this day...
Persist and persevere, and you will find most things that are attainable, possible. -Lord Chesterfield
It is not a surprise to us at all that Lupe is killing this stage right now!
i remember when showed me stronger freestyle by .
It's Friday! Thank you :)
#ThatOnePersonInSchool in school who swears he's the shit and think life's about "skating and getting pussy" even though he can't get a girl
I am a recovering online Scrabble addict; it's been calling my name lately, but thus far, I've managed to resist.
New york MOOD
oh hey;)
Thanks for the excellent shout out in your paper, Derek!
RT : special! If you follow me on twitter, tell me in person and receive $5 off any print if you come by my booth!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers in twitterville.
Watching #big bang from thurs...w brilliant!
When I get home.
The future looks like a glass half full, or should we say, glasses half full. Thank you for your time and support!
Don't jinx it! I think we'd all like to forgetthat year in US soccer...": That was just a flashback to 2006!"
Reg. vacuuming keeps carpets & rugs looking neat & clean but also by removing dust & dirt u reduce the chance of permanent damage.
Hopefully today is decent, lmao as I'm typing this my cat throws up...
Happy valentines day!!
nah I needed a day off I haven't taken off since october
really?? What all did you use?
Believe me it is, my real smile is too bad for these self photos. If I took it with a strait face you'd see the difference.
We aim to finish what we started...1st rehearsal of RED LIGHT WINTER tonight!
#latin for the day - Omnia mors aequat. - "Death makes all things equal."
I want to marry someone someday... But good women are few to none...
listening to Drake :D
If I hit 800 followers, giving away prints of Miller or Cal to a new follower, an old one and one for someone who shouts me out to their ppl
I'm so unbelievably excited for tonight at it's almost ridiculous
Looking forward to some very creative original publishing. dmp
No. Did see everyone setting up, though (live close by the parade route).
Thanks, i try and Yes, I am Frank
Yes, you will be back. Rest up, heal, and God bless.
That's another great feature - it auto-generates parent access codes
RT I can't, bruh. AF folk love that dude too.
Hey , its OMER! HUGE MTV FUN FACTORY party w/ CHANEL 2nite ! Plus, bar210 has been HOT! Want to come? Reply YES 4 VIP LIST INFO.
I will send you a copy as soon as it ships.
Always raise your goals; that way peers don't realize you never meet them.
Did you mail all the may issue magazines to the subscribers?
Intense plan. How long did you read each day?
That Shake Shack tweet absolutely made my day, my week.
I have the most retarded hips on the entire world >.< every time I walk it cracks.
No social life . ell oh ell
My brakes failed and I'm getting towed back to Minneapolis.
They are 9 weeks and 2 days old, and I lost count a while ago. :D Check them out on FB, if you like!
oh o news to talk to u
Conversation I overheard: "you're a senior?" "no but I'm graduating early". ....I wish that was me.
ALEC supports laws that target minority voters and sponsors laws similar to AZ 1070. Glad that Coke bailed on them.
Installing windows 7 tommorrow, my message to microsoft? THRILL ME!
The things that we let come out our mouth.. Smh.. I'm for freedom of speech but dang....
goodmorning sunshine<3 I had a dream about you!(; <3
glad to help
Marine Mammal Mania is going on now at ! 4/20-22 features our favorite, Harbor Seals! Head down for an afternoon of fun :)
I gonna get it for sure! I wish I could get the actual CD but for now I'll have the iTunes one
Malkin with the hatty
if you're talking bad about austn's dad, or any of the crew, watch your back. mahomies will find you, b*tch.
last rehersal before thursday tonight. special thanks to for the sharing of the kit
Happy New Year! Crush it in 2012!!
good job tonight!!!
me too.
I cannot wait!
Avoid fruits and nuts. You are what you eat.'
#20ThingsAboutMe when im mad i take my mood out on anyone in my path
hey just read your last blog post. i'm following my dream this year too!
I prefer the one on the right I like the shoulders
yes! they look great in photos! you can always buy your own for much less if you're confident in your ability to apply them.
. crushed it at tonight. Awesome show and great guys (insomuch as a two minute conversation can determine)
I can't sleep I really wish I could love ya to Dow gurtz
Got to John Harry play with his band at the Acadia Cafe tonight. You may know him better as Harry on 93X in the Twin Cities.Great show John!
we're expecting full coverage from you lol
Stop being careless and care less.
That entire movie drops so much knowledge its ridiculous
Play hard tonight for my grandpa he passed away this weekend. Go Brewers!
i'm sorry. i know that pain. just keep your head up ;). everything happens for a reason
Lunch at the for old times' sake next Friday when you're in town, ?
lol no its the b oys mom.. she is a alcholic.. and just necer ends with her
I know really.
What cha doing?
Wrestlers are the toughest. The hardest thing to do in sports is to hit a round ball with a round bat
this is all making me hungry.
Today iite lik i predicted it was nuffin special
Christina Baldwin~ Change is the constant the signal for rebirth the egg of the phoenix.
Ok I think we on The Same Page! Let's see how this goes!!
#swsw is no when it comes to keynote interviews
I just made my first sale!!! I am so excited!! Now if I could just get some people to book some shows! :-)
Message to Rick Santorum: It's impossible to ban porn without banning the internet first, good luck with that.
yes, sick and tired !! The problem is my cats hate change. I'm still a GA. Boy!! Southern born, Rebel raised!! Lots of guns there
happy birthday homie. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
wow, that's gay! Haha
#OpenMobile provided a gr8 broad overview of the mobile eco-system. Great to see #appcelerate focused on the app and user discovery.
It's your heart, not the dictionary, that gives meaning to your words. - jesus
RT I was on the Traveling Science Club while in high school
Finally, it comes out officially that Ryan used the restrictions to get Uthoff to come in and talk about it.
Happy Birthday ! Have fun celebrating, Carie! It's on a Friday -- isn't that nice?
NIGGA IT WENT FROM 350 TO A PEAKING 545 WHAT THE FUCK
When life gives you lemons....tell her to pass the vodka too ;)
Kristina Woosley showed a clip from Apple's "Knowledge Navigator" from 1990. Siri's predecessor.
If you are looking for some peace in life, first things first you must quiet your mind and practice your mental strengths to acquire
Yes, Flacco is an eligible receiver today.
will do
no jackass, thats jus expressin how serious i am, i cant possibly in heaven nor earth yell at u while im typin, dumb limp dick
NPT chan 8 is showing the boyfriends family "The #CarterFamily"!! How cool!!
Yes. More than jobs. Also when, how often, why & what it means. I'll happily share results; just drop me email
Gotta love my life. Ha just kidding
You're welcome, and we'll take a look!
The people at TheRush inspired me to start running. first mile: 12:07 without stopping. Holla!
Today.....Love your people, people <3
Last day to sleep in...advantage taken!
if that's what cha wanna call it
but peaceful occupy style movements R proven over history. Works in all parts of the globe. The Only tried & true way
thank you Soror!!! It was so great to meet you!!!
Once again, the world is a flood with bad writing.
Some good sleep, and a new day is waiting for me.
RT: abletlawyer: Love using OneNote to organize a case/evidence for a trial. Everything at my finger tips notes during trial
Anyone think Nightly News segment about JFK Book on tonight's Rock Center is an advertorial? How do you feel about such "news"?
yes. 2014 is going to be the greatest.
RADIO JOB POSTING: Awesome Coastal Top 50 market looking for Hot AC Middays/imaging. Send demo/resume 2 !
Is this real?! Holy .. something.
where is my GF i miss her :( <3
Good news,moms still pissd but she gav my cell back,n i kinda fixd my cam.but all well,ill just type my Qs on the 31st k.luv-bri
agreed, Kobe wont be denied! go LA
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes. - Oscar Wilde
love how u use mamma SCAN SCAN
Does Carb Face know you call her that?
Will be in Orange County CA this weekend- any great food,coffee spots or hot yoga suggestions?
wishes everyone a Happy New Year! Please continue to help us end #ChildSexualAbuse & #ChildSexSlaveTrafficking!
Honestly why isn't it summer yet?
The challenges of advocating for audience research...oy.
same here! Already have tix to the 5/4 game. Can't wait!
shoulda told that to whoever tried to teach you hahaha
there's crossroads on Hawthorne.
Really - 2 pop up ads and 10 banner ads on one page for an article that is 2 paragraphs long??
I got to follow me now should follow me! Ah Pwease Bailey
only 1 he 7 mins left... Talk about cheap bill vs actual service,, damn you Verizon!
I Love You Too.:)
Agreed 2 do another school closing ceremony yesterday. Was disappointed when asked my rate! Charge to speak to our kids? Come on! Free99
SEO is a technique which helps search engines find and rank your site higher than the millions of other sites.
Today has been long. Reading a chapter of my book, meditating, and then going to bed.
yeah me too! but re-watching them is actually pretty awesome.
I FREAKING MISSED SAY SOMETHING!! CANT FIND IT ON YOUTUBE!!!!! WHAT DO I DO?!? IM GONNA GO CRAZY!!!!!
haha or jut give the movie to someone responsible as soon as I finish watching it haha
congrats on your emmy nomination! producer!
Ha ha ha! I'll go look!
had dinner with a photographer and a writer. everyone has stories to tell. we just do it in different ways.
straight up
lol I blow up your phone :)
where the hell is tim tebow going?
did you get an iPhone?
Yet "Bullying" was rated R! Even more perplexing.
Seems what I mistook for an #okcupid correspondence going REALLY well may have been a fair young thing using me for wank fodder.
got a red card.
We may not choose our conditions, but we can choose how we experience them and how we experience ourselves
Caller: "I need to speak to the owner." Me: ...of what?
The internship search is in full swing.
Best way to lose thanksgiving weight gain? Dancing to December 2nd at the Magic Stik
RT : If Ke$ha called me, I'd probably cry, shake, and smile like an idiot like I did when I got tweeted by her lmaooo
no doubt.
Congrats! Looks like all the hard work payed off. How many more?!
Please GET THE JOB DONE!
Don't forget to set your Mayan calendars: spring forward, fall apocalypse!
We're not sending DM tweets. Hacked:( Got a heads up from a stylist this am. Took us a half hour to figure out what IDGAF means.
well since today is almost gone! Lets study tomorrow... Lol
How'd you get so smart? You must have incredibly savvy women in your life. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
#wiunion Anyone have any good Madison rally photos from today?
so u slap that heffa in the club cause of alchol huh?? im just touchdown
It looks like Beach Boy will contribute just as much to the #Giants as this #MLB season!
Whoa... K9 unit and cop cars on shoulder at 43N north Ave. That dog is a big beast!
I just received a bill for calling an ambulance. I refused transport, ergo I did not ride w/ them. I was charged a standard fee. wtf?
Friday #lunch special - STONE CRABS!!!!
Science Daily puts out all research - but Frontiers may well have its own agenda - just an interesting data point.
u should put zombie on repeat for inspiration :)
If heaven is a place where the angels go, then I guess you're going straight to hell!
Ouch. Velveeta & Holidays? :( RT The problem with planning a holiday grocery trip to Whole Foods is they never have Velveeta.
I miss my boo jaz. We need a lunch date like ASAP.
Implying we're bandwagon? 14 straight years of losing yet I watch, listen or go to just about every game. Get over yourself.
Saints were like the mob..stalking coaches,bounties..they're going to find that Haslett ran a brothel at the creepy superdome
We just remade "Baby". But about statutory rape.
hit me up phat boy
12th St. as well. RT Embarcadero stop on bart just closed due to 'civil disturbance'
We are the reckless we are the wild youth, if your sill breathing your a lucky one, collecting names of the lovers that went wrong
TV ALERT: Super Bowl XLV airing on in 23 minutes. You're welcome.
is it changed?
nope. you can't. so i'm just gonna ignore you. sorry. shoulda thought about that before you let your girlfriend of 3 days
“LET'S ALL FOLLOW : Follow my uncle !! ”
it's all marathony outside today
Bed time=happy time. :)
HEY!! It's ERIC LEVI. My father delivered you!!! How Marissa Michelle and Bobbie? Say hello for us. Nice to see you on Twitter
what kind of civilized people eat the body and blood of their savior!?
o that's all da deigns u do
Stay humble. Good night/morning.
But its two ns!
It's so beautiful outside and I have to work all day. Wahhhh.
LOL! Roach update?
#successfulvacation everyday of my life
Some of the hills I saw in Pittsburgh… yikes.
Thanks for all who came out to support Chicago Voices. Kudos to actor Harry Lennix, Poet K-Love, and actress, T'keyah Crystal Ke'mah!
I wonder if they want an autograph from "Batman" or Bayle. :)
one step at the time will take to achive your dreams!!
I have no idea how I unfollowed you either lol
how to love
no go ahead and send me a text
I will miss you!! Say hi to fashion bitches in Ohio!
Coach Joe Scott of the Denver Pioneers says focus is the key to continued success
Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!
is "thusdday" your british accent or fat fingers? :)
yes it is! Thanks!!!
I hate getting burnt when I go tanning..
All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence. MLK Jr Help Haiti
thank you so much for making my day!
Yes, you can find someone that is eager to work for minimum wage without benefits. It still doesn't make it right.
George W. Bush endorsement of Romney was about as warm as a Dick Chaney Christmas Card to the ACLU.
Some more "4-20" Acts 4:20 For we cannot but speak the things which we have seen and heard~ fearless!
definitely do it. so worth it. make murtaugh skip soccer.
Figures. I read the reviews on that movie before seeing it & they were the most accurate reviews I ever read.
Nah just lowe's RT : Working in retail makes me realize that people are really fucking bizarre
Happy Mardi Gras! I hope you have a blast!
Nas is like
Why does popping a zit remind me of the 4th of July?
There's a Hans Wehr Twitter account?? genius
12-21-12 bullshit they said this would happen in the 1900s it will pass people say its a big prediction the only thing is we will live :)
the man you mock has already won a cup this year
yup and I just can't see the #Brewers winning it unless the pitchers & slumping hitters surprise us.
FREE Salsa Lesson from Salsa Baby, at 6:30 PM TONIGHT @ Salsa Under the Stars!
now you got him started
Snapping... What's beef to a butcher?
I saw a girl the other day she was looking good wonder if she saw me
What happened to the headquarters/base camp?!
Way to early! On my way to VU
leggo thunder , show them lakers who really better <3
Still hungry? Get a meatball sub with hand packed meatballs and sweet potato fries for $10.
Yes ma'am! You go gurrl!
when your guys say "no problem-no need to worry, I can take care of that"or "you will receive it in 2 days"-it is not so
Fourth-round tee times for South Georgia Classic Presented by First State Bank and Trust Company
Bitches don't know if they want to be gay or bi- !!!
ahahah so true.
Had a very fun time on a Carnival Cruise!
my mom used to work from home and the company when they laid her off told her to keep the printer they did not want it back.
how is it that I was in the SF office today and didn't get to see you guys? And now you are in LA?
#nurses make a #healthychicago , not cuts.
When u realize that those that matter don't mind and those that mind don't matter ur growing up!
Ahh got a bad tummy ache :/ this happens for eating at Taurino really late at night after a drinking session with the babe and friends .
Nobody ever let me fly through Kansas City ever again. Disembark plane into some kind of holding pen, and they don't understand 24-hour time
Burrrrrnnnnnnn RT I think Livejournal still has more active users than TMO has subscribers.
Free social network promo on my profile. Works great for follows. Would you like to follow 4 follow? :)
Delicious food & wine for amazing bargain price at Ray's to the Third tonight. But baffling re: atmosphere. Could've been a Days Inn lobby.
I can't wait until GOT starts up again. It's so fancy!
Why do I feel like I mess up everything
Do not ask me back if I have never gone
Ut its the hottest street anthem lol they all say that
yeah I hope I don't either. For me it seemed like forever in getting out of that scary place!
$20ish. Can get you a more concrete number very soon.
Wright was a luxury pick. Holmgren said 'we wanted to have our cake & eat it too". He knows about cake.
It's early & all could change, but I will take 8-0 through first half of the day.
why u hate on ?? U know u can kik ur fuckn ass up and down the street not just the felt u jealous ignorant dumb fuck*
Okay so I thought you like hated me. But I miss you and want to see you. Plus, I'm dying to know what's been going on .
You are welcome!
• On the edge of my seat....
At that cost not something I totally dislike.
I give up.
Who has Tampico in their fridge right now? Send us a pic!
Iona is hungry
The pressure! RT : Our executive editor who could stand to tweet a little more:
Thanks. I look forward to seeing you too.
Thank you.!(: I've been looking for a blue one like that forever(:
Phillies came back ... at the expense of the 'Stros. Remember, Devin, there are no bad years -- only "rebuilding."
Well, fuck. That was great news. I'm going for a run.
Good luck with that because I'm not changing my mind.
I thought so, but didn't want to sound too pessimistic.
#YEE is #single! He's mine fersure!(;
Wedding Insurance! www.filmemporium.com/weddings.html
Great stuff happening. Get pumped!!!
Cleaning the house ipod on listening to makes cleaning bearable!! Thanks!
Rachelle:-) I sent you a text and just sent you a DM :-) BH XOXO
biggest challenge so far this year. Big!
Finding the vegan version of a recipe is like going on an easter egg hunt in the vatican. Dont worry UFC fans....still not vegan
Bruce Willis is Joe? #GIJoe. Now we know ...
I would, but sadly i'll be out of the country the day of the race. Just read bout DetermiNation tho, pretty great idea
RT : Begun to understand how folks get sucked into unedifying Twitter throw-downs Lifting hands from keyboard b4 I tweet again....
haha you too!
text me
lol where and what time?
Lots of new tour dates coming soon!
So I can't run Silverlight on Chrome, huh? That's pretty ridiculous.
Chicago is rooting for the original 6! #GoLocal #chicago Go Bruins!!
Finally justice has come to all. But always Remember 9-11.
:-( RT : #RIP American Automotive pioneer
Other than that... Good morning tweeters.
Just watched Social Network, what a dick. Although, the phrase, "Seanathon" was amazing.
Musicians, hit us up for a cinematic music video.
Mass would greatly benefit from a cohesive community college & state university housing strategy. Target gateway cities downtowns.
Hunger Games hangover.
Love The Architect of Flavor!
He got horns on the hood of his caddy, cruisin round town
So for all of you that read Out Here in Narnia thank you so much! Its just hit 400 reads :) Much love! -Caitlin xx
Just arrived in Seattle. Might have just met the most positive person on the planet...
“ If know one else do they do RT : I love the feeling my kids give me #Appreciated”< Very True
so glad to hear that, anything you need me to help you just let me know.
we are SO excited =)
Swans don't like vino :p RT ps tell Swan to go easy on the
just bought your upcycling craft book! Love it Danny!
Thanks so much, Frankie. I eagerly await your call ;) x
sorry about that. Retweeted quickly before I realized what it was. Since deleted.
Incredible. Got an alumni 4 u if u go! RT Accepted to GW with Presidential $40k scholarship!!! #GW2016 5 for 5!!
#FF - my business. A follow will get you a return follow, prizes and Wisconsin sports humor aplenty.
Looking forward to Urban Harvest 2011 tomorrow!
I'm sorry but Blake bout to get Beat Up tonight!
#TMKY11 #edchat If I own a video that I would like to share with students, is it possible to create a video clip to embed into my website?
Thats the spirit! RT : LOVE THE SOUND OF MOTORCYCLES!!!! Welcome back.. It's that time again and not pregnant this summer. Yay
I think I need to check in to your blog more often. Looks like you need some sheep, though. ;) ;)
ALL TALK!
MIDDAY at noon: Reversing terrorist radicalization, University of Maryland Response to Terrorism
i was once happy. . .
Or is #Truth too risky these days? Journalism is the new dumpster diving - Trash and it all stinks.
Internet Marketing Humor Part 1
heh. The original was written for cnet in 99. amazing to see how far the field has come!
WE SHOULD ARRANGE A MEET AND GREET LIKE ASAP
"The Wackest Rapper" is trending..#Twitter finna get me started.lol
Try changing your pswrd first
just enjoying fam. And taking care of business.
I don't listen to that crap bud... But I still love you...
Hm- how far away from Beachwood are you?
#c2css12 Angelo's Seven Axioms of Classroom Assessment. Read it! Classroom Assessment Techniques!
Football! Football! Football! #SundayFunday!
Story meeting today at 3:30 at Truax campus in room 130. Stop by if you can!
& I miss you!
Let me have a midnight snack
If you havent seen the sing-off yet on NBC, you are missing out. Afroblues is amazing.
Brilliant. Absolutely brilliant. RT : "It was nice to see you...your dad's gay."
I bought a ticket at chicagos midway airport yesterday. There was no line
you are a mess!
Headed to Baltimore to install collaborative piece with Sam
No, we don't have our radio ads online. Can we help you with anything?
RT : i wanna go lesbian se!
This guy is a little freaky. We'll see if he can dance.
#What2ChainzWouldSay take a trip, on this flight, fine ass bitch, on my right, watchin her take a sip, I bet she great with a trailer hitch!
Excited to be chatting with our multicultural students online tonight! We love talking to new eagles at !!!!!
It's official. #instagram is on the droid. GameOver:/
sighting at State St. What a small world. All I know is kid can rock a purple tie like a champion.
Can somebody tell me why Harry Potter in Spanish costs $10, but the same book in Italian is no cheaper than $50?
I went to the new one that opened up in Dupont, it was pretty good.
Use the Manic Panic "Atomic Turquoise", others will ruin your hair.
You do that
Yea keep it safe!Lol well packing my last bag for flordia!My flight got delayed because of storms!Bye!<U+2665>
Way to many notes! #sleep is needed so bad right now!
A great day of history and now the concert. I couldn't ask for anything more!
I bet he doesn't pay a dime in child support.
in the florida sea breeze
sure, but there are more specific provisions that gave Goodell authority to suspend Vilma and others. See "off-field conduct"
How are hockey fans supposed to properly digest this terrible day without you and 's voices putting it all into words.
don't you wish you were at
Central Procurement Agency for purchase of medicines soon
Final 4 for EA Madden Cover: Aaron Rogers, Patrick Willis, Cam Newton, Calvin Johnson. LET'S GO ROGERS!!!
RT : Finally. practice on Wednesday!
You know it's gonna be a good day when your hair doesn't look like a dead thing on your face. ;)
I want us to be more then friends (;
aww, thanks for or the love and support
always taking the credit, somehow I am not suprised
My mom is so drunk.
Trying to stay paperless, any ideas for a site for a 6th grade class to create their own fairytales online?
call me bro
messing with people, because they're stoned and it's funny>>>
Florence Welch (+ Machine) is a force of nature. Firebomb hair, voice like an avalanche...really enjoying the new album Ceremonials.
"Reading and sauntering and lounging and dozing, which I call thinking, is my supreme happiness." David Hume, born on this day in 1711.
who could you possibly owe an apology to?
Chie is a house manager warrior and our hero! Thanks Chie!!!
yes and so is Finding Nemo. At least that's the case for me 2-yr old!
If you're not coming to the wine tasting tomorrow, come to Amerigo at around 8:30 for some fine afterparty fellowshipping, Booze Camp style.
Nice Insider on the #Mets. Had Sanchez remained healthy, #Mets might have enjoyed more success in past four seasons.
It's true though, Canadians are the nicest people I've ever met!
why is everybody's #MindInTheGutter recently?? lol
While necessary, public transportation is the worst
Umm yeah it is.
Thank you for checking out my Boards on Pinterest–it is habit forming!
Found out yesterday I was accepted for a residency at Wildacres in NC. Planning to use it to start a piece for Rhymes With Opera!
- i'm with a radio network looking for interviews on protests
If at first you don't succeed destroy all the evidence that you tried
Rain: a bald Starfleet Captain's worst enemy. You win for now, rain.
:) Yeah, it's pretty dang exciting. But also terrifying. But in a good way.
Heading over to Foothills Mall in a few minutes to celebrate a birthday and enjoy happy hour!
I wished they would show how many people are really losing there homes and apartments.
A passionate makeout session would be nice right now.
I know u'll make us proud B!
#Avengers was so badass!!! Round 2 on monday!
spiked. I've never seen you with spiked hair before
With around 30" of new snow in the last few days, Snowbird MUST open tomorrow for us! PULEEEEEAAASE!
Bank next door was robbed. Question - why would you hold up a bank next door to GSA & DOJ, and across from ATF?!
compassion really is the key; isn't it? I hope you live a long, healthy, a fruitful life :-)
Had THE weirdest dream ever about the beautiful boy from the baseball game. He was like posessed by a dog......
I'm in for an show! , you too?
I like reading <U+E231> <U+E230> tweets just because \_("/)_/
Lots of really good #Rugby games this weekend ... Getting my #superRugby fix on
Tostada for lunch ;)
I like it.
wrestling is real and you and cops are fake
Happy Holidays from me and mine to you and yours!
I need these now. Are they at any bricks & mortar stores in Wash DC???
ooh, which program are you going to do?
2 good drives to work in a row! Thanks plows!
Bright N Early
text me <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1>
so an iPad probably behaves like a smartphone... Will have to test that before the #PODHBCU conference. Thanks!
welcome to TWITTER...I broke ya TWEET cherry!! <3 xox
If your not going to Brad this weekend I don't like you
Im about to just skip & go home
Me too. Interesting back story don't you think ?
6 MINUTES!! TILL LAUNCH
Nolan Smith....Congrats
have fun at Leadville. Good luck with your pace making. I'll be running 13.1 tomorrow am. Not quite 100, but...
Monday, Monday...So good to me........ What are you doing on this bright and beautiful Monday morning?
Newcastle mini kegs are the bomb dot com.
:( RT : My days just don't start well when the Clippers lose the night before...
flowers, sorry
-wonders what the hell that is-
voted like 20 times your welcome
These are death penalty offenses you cannot attack an americans internal organs its not a joke <Belinda Jackson>
Any man that eats regularly at Tender Greens probably has a tender asshole from being fucked in it.
Back at school. I already miss the family and Pei Wei usually covers that though.
haha maybe I should. This weekend is writing itself.
dude - does alice soccer have a google calendar??
Really......are you serious....:facepalm: He's the WORST guy on stage!
Lets go #kansas...you ate my national champion team.....I dont need my bracket busted more
I love you
Just started a Run. 77 °F, 11mph N, 56%
I have never had any Hawaiian coffee before, do the beans smell and taste much better?
Good luck with that!
yep well she up now for a minute
thanks! Yeah it always humid humid humid here that time of year. At least I will be pretty acclimated
An egg is a symbol of two people?
okay so Houston wont get a bliztkid show so now I got to take a trip to el paso but it's worth it to see michale graves and blitzkid (:
I'm probably really going to regret seein this midnight movie at school tomorrow.
no idea what I'm doing
I wish that I could have this moment for LIFE!!
Thanks for the follow - I went to High School in Bremerton. Pac Northwest golf is the best
Einstein's Special: Turkey & Cheddar Melt Combo $7.99! New draft beers available @ Pepper's Bar: Bud light, Stella Artois, Sam Adams and Blu
Mexico is coming to Seattle next month gotta go get my ticket soon
i did on facebook
I've tried messaging u twice on FB but it won't go through!!
Ze<U+0092>ev Cohen, after recently receiving his Master Level went to England to conduct an Instructors Seminar
Yeah apparently even though it comes with clips for compact travel, you're not actually supposed to use them.
you look so good! ur hair looks so pretty and its grown out! :)
nice gator you got in that pic! Wow
what it dew my dude???..yo follow ur boy back...workin on sumthin I wanna holla at u about soon....
Butterflies taste with their feet.
That moment when your mom yells your middle name... you know your ass is gunna get chewed.
And partly cloudy yayayay!!
Everyone, even U, is entitled to act stupidly, but you are just abusing the privilege.
Come in anytime this fri and tell the counter worker that "large Marge sent you." to receive 2 one-topping slices for $5 pls tax. Only fri.
Who is the Chinese?
Hey, Boo. Look who's twit twitting on twitter!! Jobby Job? Good for ju!
this crime on the katy trail reminds me i need new pepper spray....
is stepping into a new venture
Its so hot
!!!!! RT : Yo Fabolous is one of the slickest punch line rappers.
School is to long and I can't listen to music. Our bus driver is just sitting here and BLAH!
With whitney on her birthday at her modeling interview!
The #2 and #3 best sellers in nonfiction this week are by BlogHers!
Thanks Dan! - RT : Welcome back to old stomping grounds, Land Use Cmte - using pwr of Pub Advocate to intro bill re green tech
set fire to the rain cover= amazingg once again girl
You can wash a dish one thousand times...You will never learn anything about the dish but, You will learn about yourself.
wow what was that lol( b) wow
Excellent! Bring on the
Calling all Kansas City food truck fans, we need your help. What are your favorite trucks in the metro?
Same here, looking forward to collaborating with you!
you more silly toes :D
Are you really one of the organizers for Rizzoli Con?
omg the lights are going to go out
U couldn't tell ur big sis though? U better bring ur behind from across the street & give me the updates! Lol! Congrats!
We saw a midnight show last night and I'm so glad we did. It's a really well-done film. From cinematography to performances
Firehook Bakery of Dupont Circle offers special orders for Cake & Catering - call (703) 263-2253! Call us for your next event!
Just saw screening of ARGO, wow! Kudos to Ben Affleck for capturing the Iranian hostage situation in '79. Thanks for tix!! :)
the completed interview is up now!
Nice to meet you today!
This year he is healthy and playing well If he continues to play like this no one miss Howard
Searching through the typical inbox? It’s a little like keeping your entire closet in a pile, then searching through it for your favorite so
Being taster for Taste and Tweet is experience to be shared. apply 2day at TasteTweet.com. it's fun and tasty Plz RT
Dear youtube, LET ME X OFF MY SUBSCRIPTIONS!
I'm seriously sorry about that!
red all your resent tweets lol
We miss you Heather!!!
I know, went to the website and it only shown Little Rock.
Wait. People are still out here advertising reverse mortgages?
Actor Rowan Atkinson has been discharged from hospital after sustaining a fractured shoulder blade in a car crash this week.
That feeling when you're not with your best friend >>> Awful. <U+20AA><U+20AA><U+20AA><U+20AA>
Go Marlee Walker of Blues to Do TV! You told it to the City Council.
That awkward moment when you're dancing in an empty grocery aisle and then someone comes around the corner...
#youwassexyuntil you started using incorrect verbiage.
I like the fix.
im my Fav
Tue 7/19 Mark Towns on drums w Keith Vivens bass & Skip Nallia piano @ Eddie Vs
#RT Check out website for the lasted news and his RestLyss Style Magazine interview...find out what Shameiks up to..
Charting Cavada's transition from US citizen to Cuban guerilla / J. Aleman
when tumblr is over capacity <<<
Chick baby don't give a fuck!!! Rip
I wish he knew wat i think about him!
coaches talking about the glory days #again #helpfulmuch?
can this get any worse?
House passes resolution to intervene in Lobato case on voice vote.Now to Senate.
I just found someone on omegle and did the whole Mr green/blue conversation with them from The Incredible Hulk
Working at #tjmaxx Orlando Fl :-D
yes its hard, we like em all!
can you guess what Facebook's IPO would be if this was 2012?
What can you can about the Saturday night game OU vs Texas Tech?
Parkas, check. Tire chains, check. Thirst for beer and knowledge, check. here we come!!! BBG is heading down to Bend today!
And the truth is there ain't no hope for the future
Establishing an association between your brand & value prop is the key. Once you've done it, don't try to undo it.
wow bro Kissed another ?I kno how u feel I just want Mireya back & I try so hard :/ . It's like the girls we love Dnt care
i weep.
I wish! Hot dog stand is outdoors in the parking lot of our office building complex.
Got my tickets for at in August. Looking forward to that show.
let's go! LA here we come! Customer development!
Since JSONG pointed it ou...i'm #flashtheater -ing soon! Jsong too!
really? I thought you woulda won this time for sure. I don't know but keep trying!
Thanks for the #Mozcation. Excellent event...as always.
hahaha good one!
: thanks coming. Where would we be if everyone agreed about everything :)
i love watching thrillers and then tryna predict whats gonna happen next... come up with some crazy fuckin twists
Happy 4th to everyone! Remember to be safe and know that it's STATEWIDE NO REFUSAL WEEKEND!
Good :). Madeon in only 17, he's insane.
tonight at the Habit in York
“: Competition research last night kept you out late.”. I will definitely be using this one in the future.
TOP OF THE WEST
oh....haha I still need to get money!!! :)
lol thanks girl! I'm excited for tonight! I hope I don't die pretending I do yoga!
LOOKING FOR BEATS FOR GOOD MUSIC ARTIST. ALL PRODUCERS SEND DM.
At the fish party at SXSW.
A man who carries a cat by the tail learns something he can learn in no other way
So who's gonna check out our songs? They are free to download on fb :)
+1 RT get to know your customer- its the key ingred. to deliver constant value + exceed expectations
This is very cool!
Base model #iPad is back in stock at MacMedics Millersville. We had sold out for for the holidays.
Ronnie Dobbs plays it's first show March 25th! Details soon.
"I can...take you wonder by wonder--over, sideways, and under." Damn. Disney's dirty
#Loyno always remember: "Wherever you go, go with all your heart." ~ Confucius
if constant comment tea were a literary genre, it would be the epic.
Hanging with in Dallas. Afraid of what he'll do tonight!
haha my recipe made 6 there were only 2 of us to eat them so plenty of spares for pics
Good morning. The auto food feeder I got for my cat failed. Poor thing had no food while I was away! Yeah, I'm returning that.
Today and tomorrow: finishing the last of my grading for the semester!
I like this. So simple and obvious. I'll just try not to mutter or sound nervous. Hah. I feel 16.
I can't believe libraries still suspend computer privileges when people have too many fines. Come on now!
Lo, you a crackphean.
Executive Assistant needed ASAP! Pays $57,000/yr for qualified candidates. For more info apply online or give us a call today!
new song: I Wanna WALK with you - Aaaaaalllll night
Help raise $ and awareness! You have to meet this incredible 5 yr. old girl losing her sight to LCA, is already blind. Please RT!
thanks for standing me up. I've had my bags packed for PCB. Still Sittin my big black ass at home. Rude.
hahaha no silly I meant the guy from the ring standin outside all night! Cutie pie, he was.
Lord please stop the Nicki Minaj Music!!! PLEASE!!!
alright im going to bed, but keep trending guys!
Watching #MegaDens on 't wait to see & the Schlopy fam episode!
it was a pleasure meeting you. If we are ever in LA we will definitely do a recording with you. Single Ladies unite!!!
have fun Mary & say hello from Ruthy Otero. :)
no legit.. he wont even do his meet and greets and will just runaway because yeah.. im phsyco!
where can I get the pdf I the flyer, I'd like share the info? this Saturday @ Reid Temple North, Silver Spring MD
Another fantastic summer weekend - sun, Summer Sizzle, African World Festival, & the Air and Water Show... we had a LOT of fun! Thanks MKE!
sounds like shes desperate
Now watching Tyler Perry's "The Haves and Have-nots" in Columbia, SC.The first of his plays I've seen. Hope it's good :)
in honor of dr. strangelove and the current weather forecast, i'd like to get a #fluids thing going today. you with me?
caveman stepping on people faces and busting out his shoes! Lol
It was nice having Kirk Muller as Admirals coach for those 17 games......Good luck in Carolina!
My heart is in my stomach. 39 more seconds cats!!!
i'm not sure what to say about the movie killer inside me.
People who don't text back annoy me, so much.
RT Last day to RT to win Eternal Tango gala tix ($600 value) w/ YUMMY! bites by us!
Is Elton John a Gleek? Could be.
Happiness. You can't pay for that.
please promise us u wont take away from us <U+E411><U+E413><U+E107><U+E410><U+E406><U+E401> :(
Shelly, I saw the update & loved it. I am so happy for you and so happy for your family! You've come a long way. Be proud.
He doesn't play for us (Nielson and Kronberg are too good in front of him) but he kills at the U20 level, despite being only 18
In honor of my hero, my new DJ name is DJ Captain Steve Rogers effective immediately!
I'm in love with you :*
I was tryin to listen tht's a BS show ppl blaming when we only loose but not giving credit when we win
Save the jobs! Vote Obama OUT!!!
Ouchy. Time for the knee brace. D:
yes, sorry about that. :)
on sale now 7.95 and free shipping
Finally home thank u baby Jesus
hey there - I sent a friend your way for your account manager gig. Hope it's a fit. And that ur having fun!
I don't need ur approval,but if u wanna give me some, ill know just what to do with it :)
this is great. you're making it less scary. normally i'd be freaking out. :D
Would love a tips and tricks list on hiring for social while keeping a hold of your authentic voice!
RT ": #ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore you expect me to put in 100% effort & you put in 0% ... Doesn't work that way."
pure joy as always, plus I was trying to learn how read left to right
=O oh my goodness we are! LOL, he would be proud.
fixing your favorite dog for u today at Kmart, US31S, Greenwood, C U there...
yes i will help i haven't had a job in two years so why not help to make things better email me
Because you stupid enough to make some type of bet for the Knicks against the Heat in a 7 game series haha
yes the first ones but I fell off my youtube game,myself <3 ur makeup looks in ur birthday pics, get it! r going back to the A?
my new app. A few extra stops for the cheap ticket One more and I'm home
Complexity of issues requires multidimensional approaches from people w/ similar inquiry
Ms. Congeniality?
I hate white people so much.
think my Johnny Depp reference made him say it
I was thinking about doing it too. I love Shakeology but I switched to a less expensive shake and I love it!
you know it.... the off season kills me
Well welcome to the Cascade area and lets link...Whatever we can do to help what you do, is part of our mission.
what house?
Dear : I humbly offer forth the name Ambient Crickets. Wrote those words in a grad paper & thought, "Band name!" :)
im in love with a strippppeer
I Will keep you posted. Not sure if it's at 9 or 10.
#didyouknow The Perigrine Falcin is the world's fastest animal. They can fly 200mph. Neat.
This week better go by fast!
thank you for the #FF! We always miss #FF due to scheduling conflicts!
All you had to do was ask.
Hey hey Bam Bam! Thanks for the S/O! Have a great weekend
just flashed me and did cartwheels.
I love teen mom!!!!!
bout 2 die of boredom
Following Back(;
Very funny. Started my morning with a smile. Not surprising I was very good at math in school. My favorite subject.
time is money all gas no lunch breaks ya digg
I love you, buddy ...
your mom's sense of justice and fair play is unerring
Gudmorning retweet to say it back
Done cooking I so don't like to cook for a few ppl I prefer big grips of ppl I can't cook for just 4 not enough ppl
you should go into the jungle, that would definitely be one of the best series ever !!!!!! :D
maybe he made a stop at the before the press conference.
Thanks for the
Jealous of my poetic style of language.
there was no need for that study. Years & years of research shows that tech does not --> higher scores.
is your phone dead?? Call me
hang in there amare. All men make mistakes. The real men admit them and learn from them
NHL players to participate in ambitious concussion research project The most comprehensive concussion study ever undertaken plans to foll
Every time i close my eyes, it's like a dark paradise.
when r u goin to post ur imagines
that's dope I'm always happy to hear about friends progressing towards awesomeness R u going back to school to teach??
Loving the game so far. Wish I was there in person instead of watching on TV. Go #Sporting!
On days as hot & sticky as today was here in Chicago, always have to wonder why so many people flock to Houston, as hot\humid as H-town is.
I remember seeing #Whitney at Summerfest in 1987.. It was one of her first concerts.. She said she was nervous
Caron Butler showing some heart playing thru his broken hand
With in french class <3
A wise man learns by the mistakes of others, a fool by his own. Latin Proverb
Sack for the 2 point coonversionnnn
Boggy uterus
She ain't real
Careful with those!!
If running your mouth had the same effect as actual running there would be a lot more skinny bitches walking these streets
I WANNA STAY UP ALL NIGHT AND JUMP AROUND UNTIL WE SEE THE SUN! I WANNA STAY UP ALL NIGHT & FIND A GIRL AND TELL HER SHE'S THE ONE!!
but my singing makes up for it, soo
Its so beautiful outside! Makes me wanna jump in the pool
I can't stand it here I want to leave if I could I would right now but no they would call the cops and blah blah blah
Be the change you wish to see in the world ..start by RT #teamVinnyV to all your followers ..14 year old wrestler with stage 4 lymphoma
haha awwwh sux for u! should move here, its peaceful and quiet yet there they found a dead body not even a mile from my friends
Love this! Good job Tariq! RT : #timsanity now trending worldwide
Vegas vegas vegas, #hangover 3 w ryan medler and
my mom feels bad for me so yeah she'll come pick us up lolz
Thank you also. Looking forward to your tweets! “: thanks for the follow (: <3”
Please explain to me why I trust nobody, but still tell people things just to get fucked over.
Wat would u do if i said ur momma stink and she'sa hoe?
You need to come to open house on the 18th. It will be filmed for TV.
Love hearing my dad's version of Justin Bieber's Christmas Song. Quite the competition.
Friendly reminder: This Wed. 6/22 we'll be hosting a booth at Club One Silicon Valley, so come stop by & get your #fancy on!
First time in a while that my flight arrived on time in Atlanta, and of course this time no change of terminal. At last no running, huzzah!
I want to give a shout out to It is a pleasure being on your team
“ “ Well, KCAL will have ONE more game(Game 6 in Denver)...Thursday at 7PM on Channel 9””
should follow her own damn twin sister back.
lol oh come on. gosh mine hurts :/
First time ever saying this, but
It was an epic night, over 700 came out. We'll do it again Sat. Feb 2, 2013. Follow us to stay updated
mostly because Saarinen is dead. But, I hear he's got some talented grandchildren...
will you follow me please??(:
Please join me in an extra super duper special Happy Birthday and version of the Happy Friday dance! :)
On the way to Sloan's Lake for a walk. Well I will try to walk, my ankle is still swollen. Too beautiful to stay in!
In love with a dress. And its going to be mine tomorrow!
We fight like a married couple, talk like best friends, flirt like 1st loves & protect each other like siblings. Face it, we're meant to be.
Algebra with :)
I got two hours of sleep so I didn't really have to try out that theory
Lol had a reality check today niggas dirty....ice cold on freeze below 0
#AskRomney Can you spot me $20? I'll hit you back, dogg.
Sure! I'm available after 2 on Friday. Or maybe tomorrow. You?
Yeah, I agree. By the time a book about Twitter is written and published, it's already way behind the times ;)
I'm so impatient!
Ha! Who ya got tonight?
thanks for checking us out!! Follow back?
people brave nowadays..up here asking strangers for rides at a gas station...
Maybe, they have renounced the crown and are remodeling to Independence Doughnuts (or donuts, for a more Americanized spelling).
We the people are..masters of both congress..courts, not to overthrow the constitution, but..men who pervert the Constitution. A. Lincoln
I fucking hate when Papelbon comes in to pitch in a 4 run game, and I get no save. Pisses me the fuck off. Fuck you Polanco.
Doron Lamb's a lock. He's so smooth.
Merning! Shouts 2 my new followers. Let's continue 2 grow nd STOP being strangers people lol. #Adored!
Best wishes for your talk.
Jaylon Tate to arrive in Chicago Tomorrow.
The RSS feed for member galleries has been upgraded to Yahoo RSS Media format! Also supports literature and attachments now.
LOL, that's why I don't ever reply from my phone cuz the way you do it is totally different from when I first started on Twitter
Soup or salad?
Thx for following
In "Pursued" (1947), a blood-drenched family drama unfolds against a barren NM landscape where massive rocks stand like a mute Greek chorus.
Would you be interested in partnering with LTA for our June late nite show, "The Woman in Black".
great movie! I need to read the book tho! LOL
Hello September! I love that it is the first day back to school!
RT : Preparing for by making comb-over & Garfield hats. I wonder if I should make Garfield-w/a combover hat?
not true cut that out
So random people keep sitting with me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
It doesn't suck.
I always want you when I'm comin down
Today's GA-CAN! mtg PPTs will be available on our website this afternoon - www.georgiavoices.org
Hey guys help out the school and post our videos on your facebook
hi Nas! See you this weekend? Btw: I want to check out your friend's designs... Please :) shukran!
Being on par in terms of price and quality only gets you into the game. Service wins the game. -Tony Allesandra
Good Morning World, woke up wanting to hit baseballs at the batting cages. Start the week off right
Save the Plunge! Contact your SD city councilmembers to urge negotiations with leaseholder.
Ugh. When did the History Channel become the Credibility Channel? Let's hunt a Chupacabra, guys!
Don't confuse my personality with my attitude. My personality is who I am, and my attitude depends on who you are.
sweet! I like that they are colored to coordinate, they look awesome
I haven't been home this early in like 3 months lol
Ok, taking a break from art circles to watch ....profile story on Trebek!!!!
Greg Kihn has a Praying Mantis nursery in full swing, the big one is named Ozzy.
This phone<<
"COLORBLIND" everyone buy that #colorblindswaggg. Comin soon!! Get it:))
Lions lost - #packers clinch division!! Celebrate
If I google "Southport Post Office" why isn't USPS one of the first links that comes up?? Why?! GRR!
Feeling fat right now time to burn it off lol so ready for the season lock em down time C
now in the morning i sleep alone, sweep the streets i used to own.
I don't start it but ill sure as hell finish it.
wow, gracias Barbara! Espero los links :).
does Demian Bichir have a license?
We need 3 Nintendo Wii game machines for indoor recess! Email if you can help!
The dentist just made my mouth numb- :(
Dedicating today to
hehe! You bet!
Speaking of Mock Draughts: Miller Lite.
-- I like your vibe tonight... :)
wins the award for hottest wife ---->
Guy on corner in reflective sunglasses chewing a toothpick & a sandwich board stuffed under his orange poncho. Scared to get out of my car.
i check my daily horoscope on 5 different sites so I'm bound to find one i like.
": Be thankful for each new challenge, because it will build your strength and character. - Unknown"
You can't change the world in seconds. It's going to take years. You have to be the change you wish to see in the world.
it's time to play whack a mole on the tourists. triple points if you're from a place containing the word Beaver.
Really appreciate the plug, Valarie--thank you! Let me know if I can ever help you.
it's an interesting feeling to have caffeine pulsing through your blood stream...
this all happened cuz of some unnecessary subtweets. smh.
And i just seen that show in h-town..when yall leavin for that?
I'm not on either side but don't make fun of giants fans when you told jets fans to "let Nnamdi have it" on twitter
Listening To Kid Ink
Just printed my artist pass for Los Angeles Auditions! Anyone else going?
Rained out Go KNICKS!
an ant just ran across my leg and i nearly shit myself :(
And somewhere in West Virginia a trailer will go without a mortgage payment this month.
Greg Jennings golf outing this Friday!
I just cut my finger with a knife... >.< it hurts.. Besides that it was a good day(: mostly...
Let's collect and drink some water!
I am really excited about this --->
IT WAS NIALL AND I DUH,
Steve Case - insights on evolution of sharing economy
Hope it wasn't a 12 year old!!! Wats been goin on white boo
in Dallas!!!
“If you know you're the best it only makes sense for you to surround yourself with the best. NO EXCEPTIONS” <U+2015> Kanye West
the cat Behemoth signs off, with "Cheers to dear friends / from a cat & other parties that shall remain nameless. To their health!"
no thanks
waddup!! How's it going in woods hole?
for saying shit
Hey Madison can you give me a follow?
looking for the next step in your career? I am currently hiring for an Business Development Rep position in Vero Beach/Ft. Pierce/Stuart, F…
I definitely appreciate it everyday. Hope you're doing well : )
“: Never say anything to an umpire you will never win Depends. If you make him feel dumb enough to quit umpiring. You win
If it's not on the first page of Google it doesn't exist
I'm one chill ass female.
see you in Sheffield! \m/
same here. Gave me a chuckle
*Bruno Mars' song "Just The Way You Are" comes on Disney* Dad- I didnt know Bruno Mars met you Misty. Me- Go to bed. Dad- K.
And docs getting another 10 month reprieve from Medicare cuts as House passes payroll tax conf report...
Come see DBS at the Hard Rock Battle of the Bands Universal City Walk tmrw Fri at 8pm. Or hear about us later...
still no Florida dates:'(
Hm. Coin toss but I'll go with White...
Bought the oldest kid skate shoes for graduation gift (1st grade). With 3 on my hands I'll probably go broke BEFORE they start college!
that's great. Is it bad I laughed?
rightt! I wanna touch his ponytail, it looks so soft, and I wanna braid ray rays braids! Their both adorable...
should fkn come to coronado next semester!!!
Come to New York so we can do that!
~Always leave your mark and always strive for your dreams and to never give up on what you believe in~
Yeah, DJ's would be getting fired. They'd interrupt the mandatory Rihanna song every 30 minutes.
Teams should support Pro Bowl being an honor only and no game. This will cut down on the # and amount of bonuses paid to players
My doctor's intern is so cute
that's beautiful! Wish I had that much hair!
Why am I shaking?
OH NO! Rob figured it out!
Fred Dylla (AIP) discussing attribution of funding organizations, through CrossRef called FundRef
I love a dog. He does nothing for political reasons. - Will Rogers
"I know I'm suppose to be happy for the boys, but I just miss the day when they were my own little secret.''
you guys are killin' it! less than 100 followers to go and then I will pre-release a new single for free! let's get to 1k ASAP :) RT
Today its official. We are one month out from the world premiere of Hammock at Kennedy Center.
I love Wale.
#Jets get Tim Tebow in trade. What's Your #TebowReaction?
ITS TOO MANY OF US FOR PPL TO BE AFRAID TO VOICE THEIR OPINION
13 minutes to go
Tomorrow Dark Delicacies 3512 west magnolia, Burbank 2 to 4 pm DVD signing for The Gruesome Death of Tommy Pistol
homework homework homework.
Good to see you today; Thanks so much for coming! Sorry we didn't have more chance to chat - next time for sure!
-- hey! did you call our support or email us? we don't get direct messages from twitter and we don't want you in a bad spot.
#CollaborativeLaw - Conflicted spouses can focus on important issues.
Today is inside out purple shirt day (:
that's great news, thank you!
Daniel Stumpf trying to go the distance for San Jacinto
You should come to River Horse and hear the shit i'm throwin down!
Can't wait to bring some noise to your ears
ok nevermind den!
I do, but I worked w/ Carl to get the right fit for me. We added a #2 back bore to my piece to make it more versatile for me.
How's your dog feel?
Hello! Would like to submit an app to your site for review. Can you point me in the right direction?
Kayaking plans cancelled because of wind, grilling plans cancelled because of fire risk. So... Homework?
Dude, I have a twitter now even though I told myself I wouldn't. Are you a minion and have you seen Warehouse 13 yet?
I'm a loyalist! I LOVE everyone. Total crush on Josh.
gonna c da yankees game!!! go yankees!! :)
Looool my sister still reps msn bless her :L.
I mean its one thing that I would have to pay for my dress and hair and everything but its another when u make a stranger ur MOH. Smh
I got it!
it's easy to survive on cheeze-itz, hot slim jims, red bull and vodka. But the increase in weight. Yeah, I'm restricted. LOL
Yea I'm the beast lol RT : I don't think king James..can palm the b.ball like u can..LOL
Dear Math, I'm sick and tired of finding your "x". Accept the fact that she is gone. MOVE ON, DUDE!!
Another day, another month another praise!! Thank you Jesus :) Good morning early birds!
#BlackPlayNames how to survive n s central while drinkn juice n the white house
Just had a stare-down with my bowl of Cheerios - - and it won. I think it MUST help lower cholesterol. What does the FDA really know?
nothing. It's a dead box. A picture of the item would show if it was working properly.
Just saw Band of Horses...they are a band but there were no horses. They played the one song I knew so I am happy.
What is that weird sensation you're feeling when you step outside? Why, it's warmth, dear friend. Enjoy it!
it's google's attempt at a social network. Did you sign up?
Aha ! , thats a good one.
Use it if you want, otherwise I'm going to be solo zen and drink quite a bit of beer.
yes. We got best by 2. Played pretty well
I hate court.
First time clients, try at Swedish massage for $55 or deep tissue for $60. Open 7 days a week!
It's 95 degrees upstairs in this house and I'm trying to get cute. Definitely not working.
Great interactive move by and to have directing, on camera & commentating.
nah, that shit will help. I heard that drinking helps hang overs. I think it was an alcoholic that told me.
Will the real Jon Baitzel please stand up?
You're dumb bitch. Just stfu. You wonder why people stop talking to you cause they're tired of your constant bitching.
Come on, image 1 of 34 in California's ED 40-10 . . . stop "preparing" and start loading! I wanna see my peeps in the #1940census!
oh I just saw...sleep study. Good luck with that!
The assistant bought Simpsons stamps for Lilipip. I feel like this is supposed to be unprofessional, but I think it's totally rad.
I think it odd rite aid has an ice cream bar. It's next to the dollar bin.
My vote is that you get a real profile pic:)
yes, that's possible. But it would likely split right-of-center votes & assist Hochul re-election.
Everything I do today, I do for the lulz.
Thanks Don! Great share on Rebooting Business and the World by at
your welcome have a great day :)
Be back later <U+2665>
Listening to my dad downstairs watching jersey shore an complaining about how stupid kids are.
that is the double standard of EVIL my friend. Hamas is allowed to murder, but Israel is SUPPOSED to be passive.
Screw the KU-Ohio St. game, I GOTTA go see Hunger Games
Is so proud of myself when I cook something instead of having popcorn or cereal for dinner...*putting on my big girl pants*
BIG DEAL: Arizona has an anti-deficiency statute which prevents a lender from suing a person for any losses on a home after foreclosure.
I love that movie
Nice, guys!! I shall follow... Always good to get to know local bands!! Thanks!
where you at!?
(okay, the last was 2 2 letter words
April fools!!!! Bwahaha
PEYTON LOOKED SO SEXY AND HE SOUNDED INCREDIBLE LIKE HE ALWAYS DOES OMG
Quick workout with Haven't been to the gym in literally a month. Damn feels good.
You go out there and you find that fucking dog!
If we had #campaignfinancereform and a #ProportionalRepresentationVoting system, we could elect a worthwhile #thirdpartycandidate for once
Thank you for sharing! This is great!
#IfIwasPresident I'd get elected on Friday, assassinated on Saturday
Oh, hey guys, I have a date tonight. Guess who? my bed! mhm, we're going to sleep together tonight too.
I Hate Chu Jody I hate you too Evette
Coming #brewers just gonna string some hits together 2 get these runs in... 3 runs ain't nothing
Craving bud in the Valley
So glad you like the solar lanterns and thank you so much for sharing!
hi mike! keep cancer-free and well! is the best way to get me, anything you need my friend! :)
Awkward fail.
man play that ....try me -fox
That's good! :)
for sure brother. good to see you here
you coming out to Oakland bars tonight!?
Happy Birthday to our amazing Graphic Designer and youtuber!!! !!! Go show him some love!
#WaysToMakeMeHappy .... buy me Chili Pepper Tickets.. anyone ?
Hell yeah #WhenIwaslittle I love Harry Potter so much. #Nowthatimolder I still love Harry Potter.. Always.. Until the end
#TEAMSTHATCANBEATTHELAKERS la sierra high school
You wanna fly, you got to give up the shit that weighs you down.
Like IM or here on Twitter???
Next Wed.: Come down to Patsy's Cowgirl Cafe at 6:30 -- am joining the lineup for Nancy Scott's monthly songwriter series!
I know! It's gross, right?
want me to shut up? Feed me well. I promise not to talk at all... unless your food is nasty. IJS. LOL
emma... -__- hahaha we 3 have fun times together okay.
good luck hun
How they under you but try to talk down on you
Come to our Info Session on Wed, July 13th, 6:30-8:00 PM at MSU's Communication Center! To RSVP visit our website: www.casabalt.org!
Busy day! I have spoken with facebook advertising and hootsuite in the same hour
yes I do! I think my face should be on more thing...most things even.
Thanks for joining us. We hope to see you again soon!
so should have called in this week crazy cust and today back to back ugh.
Katy B tonight!
nice! How do you like the app? Any additions you'd want?
Well that's one down.
Having a #GRAND time today can't stop thinking of that one person who inspires me
Wow mega storm moving through with tornados. Be prepared folks.
Mini vanilla wafers
#20ThingsAboutMe i get jealous so easily..
I cant lie, you are on my mind, stuck inside my head.
I want more followers, what do i have to do ? Someone talk to me LOL.
It took me forever to get to 200 followers on Instagram I must be smuggs
Can't fall asleep
We're back - investigating now.
My phone doesn't work and my iPod is nearly dead, fml...
my highest solo round on shi no numa is 395. no glitching either. my cuz showed me a really good strategy for solo play.
sure will
that's awesome Rashall! looking forward to partnering in ministry with you again
I wanna see you before you leave biatch love
According to deals today, Matt Cain is worth double the price of both Philly newspapers.
u should get lebron elites lol
*Wanted* Assistant Art Director - A Games Developer - for more info contact .uk
I'm totally pumping up my bowling arm for tonight. Going for a PR!
that i can dig, im glad my shit is being felt thats prime motivation
TGIF We're looking for a PR/Marcom pro w/4-6 years experience. Pls contact me @ if interested or know of anyone great
Thanks for the kind words!
So bored :(
News Hot? Tom Lewis, Webb Simpson and NYC. Not? Yani, Norman and Tiger Hot? Disney, Tom Lewis, Webb Simpson, Fred Couples an
MHP people like being LIED TO instead of hearing the TRUTH. Once the TRUTH comes out it is the END. It is the END OF DECEPTION. NLD Mom
why on earth would you ever want to be in "full screen mode"? Or at least so frequently that it needs to be an easily clickable button?
I had tickets for tonight's Hot Rods game but turned them in for a different game when I saw the weather forecast.
Five of the best digital cameras - Herald Sun
#IfIwasPresident is trending. Should be #IfIWEREpresident. Thankfully none of these people will ever be elected to public office.
I have not but you are the 2nd person to suggest this and our anniversary is tomorrow, so . . . ;)
RT : This is Fix a Leak Week. Time to eliminate those faucet and toilet leaks for the good of the nation's water supply.
Steak covered in bacon? #Protein! RT : Q10. My favorite meal is ________ covered in ______
My dog is scaring herself awake with her own flatulence.
Its cute how its the day of prom and his lil bitch ass is still paying games... As Always.
Social media and LinkedIn have become creative ways to job search and network.
U R Alive to become the grandest version of the greatest vision of Who You Are. Everything else is beside the point. Love and Light
you should totally buy jessica a flamingo or two for a housewarming present. lmao
LLK, just saw your message. Thank you very much. Hope business is goin well for ya. lemme know if you need any help! Miss you!
Of course! Italia would only be in #chicago to play a match at #Wrigley while I'm already booked to visit #Boston. :(
300, Sin City, Sky Captain. These are the completely green screen movies I can think of. Are there more I'm missing?
Shit shit shit shit. Its a tie. Which means that if City win today we're only 3 pointa clear and they could possibly win the PL. SHITTTT!!!!
great article in could not agree with you more.
what to do
idk. I actually didn't even think to guess myself, but I'm pretty good at estimating.
Oscar just punched me in the face.
Oh I've done this one... twice. RT : Condensation forms on a tasty beverage as folded sunglasses rest nearby
are you going to put it on itunes?! :)
Who is that? lol
Lead me Lord. Cuz I can't do this alone.
thanks for the follow!!!
Ave Maria by Beyonce is such a beautiful song<U+2764>
get some!
do you have a platform in mind for how students will display/exhibit the networked novel? Omeka? Scalar?
You don't have to admit it, we've all heard your feminine squeal. Every time Bailey hits a fg.
Wuxi Classic becomes ranking event
#Follow best TE and he sleeps with pornstars! He is like a God. (he isn't one though cuz we all know there is only one God!)
#IfYouReallyLikedMe u wld make sure to stay in the FAKE lane if thats the shit u on
Party at the museum was weak Josie needs a new boy friend he OLD lol me and Em hit up Munchi bar n it was DOPE SON #BuddysBluesAShortFilm l
no intentions of doing anything except watching movies & laying in bed
JuicyJ was 's idea. Blame that one on him!
<3 RT “: Do small things with great love and you’ll make a big difference.”
Yeah. is one of a handful of writers I'd follow to any genre because of how much I just love her writing.
I meant **those movies
RT via FB ;) The difference between can and cannot are only three letters. Three letters that determine your life's direction.
Bad Girls Club reunion pt 2 tonite cant wait!
Wish I could be at PNC Park tonight to see take the bump against my Thankfully, we have Extra Innings.
#Iusedtothink I ment something to you...I was so wrong.
Preparing 1st release of #webservius to go live in a test environment
and then give up a grand slam on your first pitch
I'm counter suing you for your welfare check.
she did what?!!! *searches YouTube*
our lives are so much alike right now...
Just saw this now so missed it but yes, I did see that about the nursery. That's bigger than most houses, crazy!
Jehu is playing 4pm Sat. 4/21 @ Coffee Bean. 487 N Moorpark Rd Thousand Oaks. Lets feel good music and delete the bad from each other.
At least you recognize the truth...
Being a Psychic Empath has it's trials sometimes!!! Is that your heart hurting??? Or Mine???
My plan for getting out of work today relies heavily on two of my best skills--lying and tampering with fire extinguishers.
Biggest Lie of all time. I have read terms and conditions.
"your breastmilk is refreshing":)
: I may b moving 2 ATL, but there's no Housewife like u! Any fav spots in ATL?
A woman inseminated herself from blowjob sperm. She now gets child support. What's the shelf life on sperm? WOW.
Not me asking them. They asked me!
Nonviolence & legal action must be twin weapons– either one being used when it seems to be most applicable, with each bolstering the other.
Thanks. Worth getting if you don't mind high price for games.
Whose talking to your youth? If not you, then who?
Our custom clothing is on special for Nov. Come and get measured for your next favorite suit or sport coat. Just in time for the holidays.
We would love to play a day party. We promise not to shave, shower or talk back. What more could you want from a band?
Can anyone recommend any especially good Walcott poems for my postcolonial lit class? Something regarding imperialism would be helpful...
It’s so close / You could touch it with you hand / But you can’t / #Illusions don’t have eagle eye vision
School this morning <<<<<
so, Samsung or Apple, basically.
Well I mean what I say and don't want to waste people's time. So I didn't think I was spamming. I won't waste your time.
Bout to go shut it down tonight! ;-)
It's gonna take sometime but i know you're worth fighting for <3
I hope so!
Working on being grateful tonight. Little to no sleep for weeks. So tired that I think traditional reading will lull me into sleeping fast.
Playing a show tomorrow.
DallyO & TinkerSmell are my babies. In a non-making-sense-kinda way. :| JEG ELSKER.
The only people who are giving us a hard time for wearing NE gear are the women in Madison.
Im in love with
Sad sad sad. And as they say, say, as California goes, so goes the nation. Look out~
Dinner and the movie time with the br0o.
Back in working order...let's rock this shit.
That IU is losing Brad Hamm.
Arizona day: Hot weather, Blue skies, sun shining, warm pool, refreshing iced tea. That's right suck it rainy California. :P
Today's Soups: Country Vegetable, Clam Chowder, & Chili
I am now loving android over iPhone :D
Wat is #1omf doin.. somebody wanna get beat up.
At the end of the day I really don't give a fuck
oh yeah! she told me. That's so funny! :) Haha i love my sister she's the coolest
The best part of the #CNNdebate pre-show: All of the Ron Paul signs
please, PLEASE, don't try to outsmart me. i don't play games like that
thanks for a fast answer Mike cc
I hope my next phone has a duel core processor.
tired but gota study....
How else would you get down the aisle?
thanks, dude!
I just killed to death with GIFS.
Let's stay together
I know where I come from.. How bout you?
It's election day in DC! Get out and vote!
hahahaha you must be in Lexington.
Going 2b 85 today. So nice 2 get out & explore Old Sac. Get some Ice Cream here or check out
nice to meet ya today. See ya in #NOLA at the
I've never been to Asylum, though I hear good things about it. I've been working out 1 on 1 with a crossfit trainer.
This just fucked up everything for me.
Knock, knock.... Who's there? FREE CUPCAKE WITH EVERY LUNCH PURCHASE TODAY!!!!!!
Thanks for the mention
LOL. White electronics is so old school.
Wanting better doesn't mean you're not grateful what you already have.
Good 6 mile cycle in to work and a steaming hot shower after...feeling very refreshed.
It's a shitty feeling know that I might actually have to study..
NBA Fans! Watch the Bucks take on the Bulls Sat., Feb. 26th @ the Bradley Center. Have a ball while we shoot down I-94 call 608-764-2917
Don't fear when you go through the fire. Hang on. #TrustInJesus Good night twitter!
"Misinformation is laboriously copied & passed on from generation to generation with a few added mistakes" -LeGuin; via link
I Ben Good.
RT : What we say reveals who we are inside (Luke 6:45) Amen<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>have a blessed night & remember all things are possible with
#SteveJobs StanfordSpeech9: “They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary." bit.ly/owfEZp
Thanks for the reply. I wondered why we didn't hear about it.
Haha right?! I LOVED it!!!
Im kinda scared to check my bank statement
SPECIAL SESSION of Legislature. Day @ - $120,000.00 and counting. Maybe they will let more criminals out.
Great! Sorry about the initial trouble.
thanks you booger.
as damon taught me somethin on vampire diaries. dat no matter who u <3 u have 2 step outta da way 2 choose who dey wanna be
Shooting @ lorettonheight university.
Working on Aero Quad Based on pic Microcontroller pray for me...!
hahha oh my gosh... how cute is this?... :} it looks like a turtle! that's so exciting. i love you. FREE HUGS and peaches. xo
What is your biggest frustration or challenge in marketing your business? Email me at
up late, watching reruns...
Congrats to the cop in my neighborhood, you know you're a real success when all you do is give tickets to 17 year olds for speeding.
Dude, I want to see you beat like he stole something, cuz he did.....the limelight...Help us get him fired, please.
8th grade level? I'm pretty sure that's 33-year-old level.
smh!! what were they fighting for??
The Homeless is still homeless, the poor is still poor, yet we spend millions of dollars to fund senseless wars . (thats my song)
“: lol its okay but Happy Mothers day to you!” lol. Thanks sweetie. Enjoy your day
Hey! Wanted to let you know we'd be until about 2:30PM in case you were still interested in our GF tamales.
Doing your thing man, I see you!
In other words I'm pissed off but I can't say anything publicly considering what I already said about Youk
Knicks first problem was not drafting Brandon Jennings
It's 80* in Chicago & all is good! Bout to throw on my flip flops, pick up my acoustic & get to ! Yes sir! F-stop bluesing
in case you ever need it mine is the same as my skype/twitter id :-)
hell yes he is
": make a waka playlist for tonight. Only Waka. Nothing else. Or else. " and you know this man
He was awesome! RT : This one is my pick for Love me some Leroy.
Thanks for the follow. We'd love to talk with you about social media sometime! Fear the turtle!
wow yeah terrible grammar ftw. Definitely time for bed.
I warned you
You're very welcome! Thanks for posting great tips!
In Como. "Beautiful" is dead on--the lake us great. Finding Internet access? That's been another story--not so good.
Highly recommend Walking Dead. Especially if you like zombies. The show is on hiatus until fall so you have time to catch up.
"Pussy" my reaction to hearing "Bartender, can I get a pitcher of Bud Light?"
It seems the current American health care system takes away coverage when citizens need it the most, after losing jobs or getting sick
Nothing like the combination of Caffeine and Gratitude in the morning. We have had the two best weeks in GRN's history.
OMW To The Airport.
And the guys be like, askin all dem questions!
My jaw fucking hurts. I can even chew my food all the way.
lady rich kids smack af lmbo i just got weak !
Which organization would be better for schools the Teachers Unions or Students First?
Not since Anth 105 when the bulb in the projector died. ;-)
dangerous game Mancini.. Shoulda kept attacking
so much funner
This bitch ..... grrrrr
#Masters Looks like the Masters is going to be goo!!!
Then I remembered all the good things in my life. Now I feel better. :)
do share! or is that double top secret until they hit the stands (fingers crossed)?
sitting here in my easter dress because i wanted to try it on again. # imweird
If you got a direct message from me about someone posting bad stuff about you, don't open the link and try to sign in again
The United States is the only country in the Western industrialized world that still uses the death penalty.
So our new songs Shadows...it's coming together quite nicely! Can't wait to let you guys hear it :)
lol #blushing :D
Dissertation title suggestion from : "Fright at the Museum," because every title should be a pun on a Ben Stiller movie.
Posted FREE click-and-read short story today - a Western - Nor Iron Bars A Cage. Feel the dry desolation of the old Texas Panhandle cowboy.
Thank you so much! I hope you enjoy. Have a good evening :)
Host of #theamazingrace is in studio. Has to wait 2 hrs for live interview w/ me at noon & I've never seen an episode. :(
just posted chapter 2(:
We LOVE #FrozenStrawberryLemonade too!!!!
crying because of these zayn pictures... why
Thanks for returning the favor! 'Cause realness is definitely a must!
We do iOS internships.
S|O to ; #DeeMolishment™
And a little 16-year-old Jessica world, too. Wow!
Looking for a new gig? Follow for new job postings/info within the creative industry!
lmao. I was just trying to help. <U+E414>
That was Neil Armstrong, sir. Don't kill me for correcting you!!!
yes you guys should! :):) that will be amazing!!
Christmas is almost here!! What's on your Christmas list??
ya. you should. NO I'M JUST KIDDING. :'(
I'm not left-handed
it's bothering me a bit.
levis and weed
no we arent coming until tomorrow but i hope to see u then
Never trust a woman you meet that doesn't have to work during the day.
But will Horkel ever replace Merkozy?
thanks for lunch and the books. BTW this is my first use of HootSuite - the 30 min solution.
There is a shortage of Ivermectin....Hieber's can compound this for you - call or email. www.Hiebers.com
Andy Samberg Signs On For 'Shark Week,' Gives Us Programming Ideas
Hey! How Are you? Miss ya! Come to NYC soon!
ur man he told me that hes tired of that shit u got...
Elway: We don't draft All-Pros, we make them All-Pros.
As a benchwarmer for the #Celtics, Greg Stiemsma makes about three times as much $$ as the President.
Triple H, 50 Cents, & justin B? Really?
The heat did that the next victim pacers
Heading to workout n at Gleason's Gym.
Magazine time!!
hey Terri thanks! so glad you like it, hopefully we make it out there sometime...
My iPhone case has been getting SO MUCH LOVE from people lately. I know I'm thrilled with it!
Welppppp you can't satisfy everyone
Being sick sucks!
what are you doing this summer?(:
Remember, I eat sushi with several glasses of Scotch. I welcome it.
Pentadactyl stopped working on Firefox Nightly (15), but Aurora is now up to 14, so Last Pass works. Working my way to released version :)
Kid inks new song standing on the moon reminds me why he's my favorite!
Lakers. Clippers. A city divided, but my loyalty lies with the lakeshow.
So... I'm at school all alone.
Go Ed! RT Ed Begley Jr. took the to the LA convention center for
i'll keep an eye out for you!
and to all new followers THANK YOU! :)
oh no! didn't this happen to you once before at a midwinter? hope it passes, fingers crossed
Every now and then life gets too busy to get on twitter. : (
I will probably be working that day, so maybe some online shopping after work!
IN Quotes: "People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it." - Chinese Proverb
Make your FREE THROWS
It's always a pleasure to meet with casting director Alpha Tyler. She sets actors at ease and makes the whole job of auditioning a cinch.
The bitches RT : What's your favorite thing about Chicago?
When asked what are goals for social media efforts? It's to connect w/ biz associates & new clients & keep up w/ family/friends. cc'
Isnt' it great to finally work words like "raindrops" into your working vocabulary? Nice pic!
Chance Myers is having a nightmarish game...
Angry Birds pic: Cute!
sigh...she's getting us up every 15 minutes--it's nuts!
Visiting the Endo Doc always leads to me being stopped and spoken to in Russian. I don't think I look particularly Russian.
RT": Most unlucky person: The fat guy on lilo and stitch that never gets to finish his ice cream..."
What in the name of fuckery is going on?!
well. this was a finely-crafted, meticulously groomed, all-round retweetable truth until SOME genius used 'groomed'. Writers! Get in here!
Yes indeed we can! We ARE! RT : Thanks for the kind words! Together, we can all be heroes!
Create targeted connections (people who really want to know about you) on Twitter says at
Special Forager's luncheon today at Community Table! I'll be posting all day so stay posted tweeps!
Yay! Cape May saltwater taffy!!
are you at the softball conference like last year?!
Leaders of integrity integrate uprightness with their quiet influence.
Great gig last night at It'll Do.... had a good house.. even with the football games earlier in the day..
I hope my Nuggets pull through tonight
no baseball today.. KILL ME NOW.
it is!
Sorry taxman, you're not my boss.
Sarkozy says #France has too many immigrants & is not integrating them properly. He's RIGHT. French immigration policies = too lax too long.
Miles of DISD: I dealt w budget cuts in Colorado. We need funding, but if you face cuts, you look at return on investment.
Well only the right ear works.
How awkward.
everybody follow . they are TITE!
what you and your bro getting up to? any gigs?
chilling with nigguhs no parents. trying not to break anything. sad got locked outta the house and broke the back door. parents gona be mad.
Your info for small business owners is awesome! We really enjoy the content on your site and thanks for giving us tips on success!
Time to bury the hatchet, Put that Big Head on the chopping block, Guvner Matt.
How did I not see that Alice Tan Ridley and The Cab Calloway Orchestra are sharing the stage at the Tucson Theatre? Now you have to go!
yes sir hope to see you out bro we gonna make it epic!!!
Sometimes you just keep talking til they say yes
yep, another rebound year for Pena? - he's still got 30HRs in him just too many Ks. Garza should do well for y'all.
Overslept cause I set my clock to pm and not am.
Gregg Moss is shaking his boo boo this morning in a moo moo...hilarious.
*raises hand*
All caught up on my reality shows, I can rest peacefully now. :D
I am sister
um I just don't even wanna talk about it (: let's just hope my parents don't kill me!! Or take my phone away! :/
...a joy of having minions is having minions fight amongst themselves. Alas, yes, you may BOTH wrangle the others
that would be a hell of a pickup. We are lucky to have Thompson. He is ahead of everyone.
We're chanting "ACA is here to stay" and "We LOVE Obamacare!!"
Kentucky or Kansas? Even though the Original Juan building has a lot of Mizzou fans, you know who we will be cheering for tonight.
Just woke up for Saturday school it sux really bad!!!:'(
goodnight bestest friend ever! I love you!
iOS app is really well done. Anyone know if it was created in house or by a mobile agency?
The 2nd best smell in the air in Portland is the smell of Doughnuts, 1st is Popeyes.
Jeremy Jacobs (JeremyJacobs) thanks for the follow.
U have a bad day!
Pretty bummed about my structured settlement, I need some cash now
bought my mj22 striped ebony 12 string 13 years ago. Still sounds amazing. Thanks for great a product.
Brands need to be part of the culture, not in the marketplace
Into Night School rehearsal ... big band announcement later tonight or tomorrow ... stay tuned and twitter-ready
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit". Aristotle
ohh babe I know shes missing you too
Tip of the Day: Schedule regular dental visits for family checkups, periodontal evaluations and cleanings.
i thinik should of been with beth in stead of eve match
For the record - I liked melissa McCarthy back when she was Sukie.
Kind of a bummer that on the night I have a Young Living event, my little one takes a 45 min nap. Ugh! So many things to do...
We're getting ready for the #Cleveland Hard Hat FAM! Follow along by checking #TourCLE. Feel free to chime in!
Bloody nose and swolen ankle? Fuck man I'm going HAM.
Nothing trumps the Elkish head! :)
#AGirlJustWants a boy to show her that it's not impossible for him to stay faithful .
I'm sprung
Schindler: Start w/ human problem and solve w/ technology rather than build tech first. #laskysymp / Maybe,but R&D inspires solutions.
One more work day then Boston bound for Easter"
Good Morning!! Can't wait to get to some coffee...
Are you looking for an original gift our store will be a great place to start.
Your Health: Eat a lighter lunch and you could drop 26 lbs next year and never feel hungry.
Somebody tweet me back? So board.
Will someone please me some pie!
Some places in this nation do not appreciate music very kindly!
:) I cant willingly let ppl drive like that
I love the new website Gaby its awesome
can it be volleyball season already?
Tell me why, ain't nothing but a heartache, ain't nothing but a mistake. Tell me why I never wanna hear you say, I want it that way! XD
go on your honeymoon already. geesh.
In college, I was often referred to as resident "heretic." Your note on the Greek makes me supremely happy.
because system vendors are investing in next gen systems, not separate ERMs
-_- I retweeted that I shouldve replyed. O.o should've uppercut her mom. (X
hopefully the game Friday is an afternoon game and we all can go watch it!
I sound like a Spanish genius when around people who dont know it. Around people that know Spanish I sound like a dumbass... -_-
Congrats to for Senate approval of Wendy Spencer.
That amazing feeling when u only have 2 days of highschool left like can we please skip to Friday!!!!
not saying he's right, just sensitive... Which is odd given his winner vs loser comments.
Another Way to Promote Your Radio Show Video . Amazing For Anything
twitter is so addicting!
WordPress is also free, SquareSpace has a monthly fee ($12 personal/$36 business). Wonder how much they differ otherwise.
Linkage: Chinese-American Architects; Gloria Vanderbilt; Majorca; More!
Listening music
when that happens I always make it the "review of the day" on my facebook page.
we are always getting ready to live but never living. - emerson
Looking forward to 2010!
Same to you. See ya next Friday.
she must be the baby of the family!
Deranged indifference?
": A survey found one in five women have ended a relationship because their significant other was too busy playing video games."
Dusty wants to speak to me and Kat today in person. Guess i'll hope for the best
RT : “Pay no attention to what the critics say. A statue has never been erected in honor of a critic.”—Jean Sibelius
Sometimes I wish I could read your mind. Then I wonder, if I could handle the truth.
Hello world, enjoy your day, this will be a good one!!
Max ate two raspberries tonight! For those of you who know Max...you know this is big news! And best yet...he liked them!
At the Foster.ly meetup in DC.
all the beautiful people live far away
love you too babe hopefully I can make it out there today
I Just Noticed I Literally Dont Give Ah Fuck Bout Shit. Keepin It G Thats It.
chillin by the fire eating fondue loll no getting ready for school you?!
Enter for a chance to win TixCertificates, theatre gift certificates valid at 50 area theatres, from theatreWashington (booth 98)! [promo]
somehow knew you'd be a hunger games fan. picked up books friday and finished series wednesday. this wknd movie time!
no ma'am.
already do :)
my very first reaction is say hi and if she is hungry cuzz i amm :D
The sun is shining TODAY! Get outside and look up!
Hey are you ok, you look Pretty low, very Handsome, Awkward
no problem ;* <3
Just bought a 100 contact local press list from Mediahub. $1.25 per contact. At least 60 of the contacts were incorrect.
Damn I still got a Headache
We have any members of #YankeeNation on board with us???
Dennis Hook Me Up With Some More Of That Whiskey
What if we were given this particular day because someone needs us and we're too busy chasing things we don't need to even notice? Daily JeM
Taking my Eddie George bobblehead to work at OSU to serve as my AFTERSHOCK detector. Faster than Twitter for "Did building/earth just move?"
Do something green today like turn off a light when your not in a room #EarthDay2012 #earthday#
Lets give girls that chase douche bags around for attention some guidence CALL ME A BITCH BUT I GIVE DOUCHE BAGS NO ATTENTION
Agree! The excessive Keillor play is not only torture but inexplicable.
More than reading into DiPoto announcing Hatcher dismissal, GM's quote from on whole staff will be evaluated more important
I love love the movie Hoodwinked ... Haha .. "I'm allergic to yodeling", "Never trust a bunny", "What the Schnitzel" ...
Wow and they tweeted back to you!!!! Lmao!
Exactly how do I submit my story?
Whiskey Dixxx world tour with if only the old rock band crew was here....
happy birthday to me in less than 24 hours. The party starts tonight though, come and party with me @ Gallery Bar NYC.
"An eye for an eye and the whole world goes blind" -Ghandi
that's a great picture! You're even coordinated!
Petty just petty! Complete foolishness!
Who has a 700 credit score and wants to co sign for me so I can get a new truck? Anyone?
yes I want to see him so bad
For those of you who need help: Awareness is not knowledge and knowledge is not wisdom.
well hello there lanie :)
so true!! I have many dreams that I would LOVE to meet & achieve <3
Myrtle beach kinda weak tonite
So if a mirror-gazing dolphin is so smart why is there still spinach stuck in its teeth, huh?
I. Am. So. Miserable.
2 more mixes coming, this is just one to hold some cats over. I think you'll dig it though.
Singing the weeknd rolling stone to him on the phone lmao (;
[Campus Bulletin] Congratulations to all of today's graduates! Now go make us future money.
FYI, Safari just tried to download ePub version of CotG as a text file. No idea why.
MY name is in YOUR mouth. That is all. XD
Up to Washington for the weekend. Excited for quality time with old friends.
when i get on my feet a bitch bet not ask me for hot water!
Oh whoooommm I kiddin. I won't finish tonight. Oh well
my sisters annoying me rn
Ladies: Say to nearest guy "If Jeff Saturday retires, no way Peyton Manning plays for Indy." It'll be the sexiest thing he's heard all day.
#sacscoc We must use data as a resource. It isn't a weapon. We need to use for continuous improvement to make progress.
yes, screening 4 behavior & social skills is also helpful.we meet w student about 30 mins and observe & assess.
plug for VTigerCRM! Do you know where your customers are? I know where mine are!
Hey wait is this Jen of that Fantastically Amazing article?
Impressive princess Her Royal Highness Princess Bajrakitiyabha Mahidol of Thailand speaks at my daughter's graduation
Was thinking around 4:30 eastern...want to email me? . Did you get to see any of #Hopkins? They CRUSHED.
I got tickets. But standard so I'm not forced into a peg. Freebird.
: that's good, b/c i just got my #void card ^_^ yay!!! let's "shoot"
The Naptown Dragons take on the All Night Express.
Thought Marquez won it, barely. Maybe Pacquiao malaise? Who knows outside of you guys.
Let's see it MJ RT : oh yes, and i had a big time photo shoot last Friday.
"I am more familiar with sinners than saints, my dear. And sinners always look good."
<U+2661>A Love Jones: You are the most beautiful thing I've ever seen...(amazing what you see when in love)
I'm back and it looks like I took 20mintues...jeez.
Big thank you!
Listen to my market report Thursday mornings at 6:20 and 7:40 online at 770KKOB.com and on the radio at 770 AM..
I want to then I do so.
Welcome back! RT : Back on twitter after several months of travel. Just completed 1st wk of editing on
Who wants their quarterback to not believe he's the best? Joe Flacco might not be, but have to admire the competitive fire.
Congrats on sweeping the Blues.
ice cream will help(:
your welcome I love ICONICBOYZ XD can u add me to ur list thing?
So glad & I finally got to meet Mark(& Hubie) of Can't wait to see how our PaulJohnson piece looks all dolled up!
Oh noes! LMK if you need some kind of help.
wish you could have too ! :) it was an amazing day !
- Glad you'll be playing #TrendsTues !! will follow soon, on a follow limit :( sorry doll! Xox
Hi EL Thx 4 flwng Ofrng FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Just for once, I want someone to be afraid of loosing me.
My fav Charles Dickens: Bleak House, Our Mutual Friend, Little Dorrit, Martin Chuzzlewit.
up at 5:30 a.m studying anatomy... terms ;)
deandre mightt have $2 lol hes bout to come threw soon but I gotta wait on these cloths real quick
don't take it too hard man, that was tough, I was pulling for the caps, hey at least the Os are doing well
There is nothing better than having a return cycle while giving plasma
I love my wife, I want her to be happy. But more than that, I want to do nothing. It's hard trying to have it all.
Great Meet Up Yesterday ! Thank You!!!!
Woke up from the weirdest dream... and were in it...Not sure what to make it of it lol
Watching jonah hex and playing rush plo
great question for Tracy: what exceeded expectations for Super Bowl? Her answer: the village!
Why not?
When whores defend other whores I ctfu
really good thanks!
at least someone does<3 #marryme ?
Cheers! Thanks for spreading the word! Let's keep it movin!
Love it! RT Support local trades&services. Support local independent business&Keep your $ working in your community.
please tweet a happy birthday it would mean the world to her!!
Thanks very much for your re-tweet.
glad to hear! hope all is well.
Yay! What a relief.
Oh, I do love him & I feel guilty about being so angry. It is a waste of time and energy, but unfortunately I am human.
Thank you very much.
Morning peeps!
better yet... How do you get tickets like this for free?!? Lol. I know a dude....
Captain obvious, we got a problem;you turned annoying
how bout a little Halpy too? Who's the forward in place of #gluestick? Need a spark
Joseph will go to the line.
"The person who gets the farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. The sure-thing boat never gets far from shore."
I'm at a payphone, trying to call home baby, all of the change I spent on you...
I would give almost anything to be in his arms right now. I feel like crap. :'(
lol don't think too much outside the box
I don't feel like cooking. Maybe I want to go out and eat.
Easter candy has got to be the best candy of all the holidays.. Anyone else addicted to Starburst jelly beans and Reese's eggs?!
“: A window stuck open is just as bad as a window stuck shut. Either way, you’ve lost its use. Ditto for a mind. ~ Adeyemi”
Texxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxahahahahaha!!! So glad for him!!!!!
- happening a lot to me too - but watching twitter for updates and resources from others -
Hey thanks! You like? I just got it. Does it fit okay?
I Haven't Watched A Porno In A-While..
herbal? oh yes. fire up the vap.
<< baddest in the building!!!
Plectrum's founder will is a co-host tonight on the Citywide Blackout Internet Radio live right now! Unregularradio.com
Don't walk behind me u're not my slave, don't walk next to me, though u're my equal...walk five steps ahead: baby you got a nice ass!
About to send this picture and get this niggardly out my life I got better people to get ready for
Nitro Circus Marathon!! My night has just been planned.
April is National Volunteer Month! Do what you can to make a difference in the community. Volunteer with
#HowAboutWe treat everyone equally ...
70% of B&N customers are women, 25-45, via at
Still trynna learn all the words to BedRoomBoom /:
Ty is back?? I'M SO BEHIND!
Sometime after midnight, someone crept into an unlocked Alamogordo home and stole a gaming console, a DVD player, and many games and DVDs.
Trans Am reached a tentative agreement on t-shirts today. Always the most grueling pre-tour prep.
Date announcing shorter, easier to read credit card agreements today. 514 million cards currently in circ in US
Make that 4-2 Rush with another Rapid City lamplighter just now
Who are some of Still's contemporaries? Here's a hint Jackson Pollock and Mark Rothko.
RT : Damn one of the beastie boys died RIP Adam Yauch!
sort of unrelated: according to the woman who did my alterations, I can throw my wedding dress IN MY WASHING MACHINE
I hear ya bro! Any luck turning any up? Haha
Just cus I said don't mean I meant it juss cus u herd it.....<U+E022>
great movie
haha yes I know and you are smart too :D lol and what's up :P lol ?
One run let's get it
Had to to save my life, but i still get boners so its all goodRT : no way clipped your man hood!!!!
Off to San Francisco. Back tomorrow.
Awesome to have been part of the stellar InfoCamp team. Thanks, InfoFriends! Excited to see where you take InfoCamp next.
my mom knows the lyrics to WMYB :')
Dear two middle aged women, It'd be much appreciated if you stopped having a long conversation while standing next to the side of my car.
ohh . . Well I might then .
RapFix Blog | Michelle Obama Getting Comfy With Common, Responds To White House Visit
Welcome to the twitter world and brothers knight!
Just got done servicing the bike, did a rain test (washed it), just need to finish packing. Time to go!
At the GA Aquarium for #AJGSjeans, but where is and ?
Nothing I changed my mind ..
Didn't go to bed til after midnight. Lonely kitty woke me repeatedly throughout the night. Up at 5:20 for bootcamp.... I'm freakin' tired!
Watching My Fav Movie Mr. And Mrs. Smith (:
Ugh breaking in new work shoes feels more like breaking my feet.
So where to start to learn/design for VW?
Thx Autumn! RT : Hands down best coverage of Woodburn fire goes to -- best pictures, best info. HD matters.”
RT : Sharing photos with #instagram is fun and easy, but you can take photography to a whole new level with an online...
My hair is hard as a rock.
I did have fun with my baby
Good lord I'm tired! Being surrounded by alcoholics can be draining <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Just sent a message to Darren Hardy: I'm keeping my fingers crossed for any response.
Relaxing with the wife, ready for monday/tuesday practice!
Or found either art or entertainment on A&E?
that is seriously demanding pictures!
oh the sky
Cino De Mayo weekend at Amber will consist of a fiesta themed menu & drinks all weekend! $2 tacos $5 Margaritas just to get started!
finally feels like spring today
Update - I'm down $50.
I think QR codes are ugly and I refuse to use them. :-P
Happy Birthday Nancy! I love you more than anyone else! You're the best sister in the world!
Lol I'm perfect
yeah buddy! Registration page should be up and running shortly. Updates to come...
Send us more information as a DM, if you would please.
Last day at the visitor center! How crazy!
I love !! Shes the hottest!!!
thnx, amy! it feels good.
Thanks for sharing this with your followers!
SQL Server: Generate Insert Statement Script | Tech-Recipes: A ...
Aye world
Oh my grande this Fanbase. Omg haha! First fake Ariana facts, now Ariana's password! Haha! So happy to be part of the Ariana Army<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
pray for me please im really really sick :(
80k plus or bust
ah, hello! just wanted to say you guys do a fantastic job :)
RT : Had a really great day working with and learning from the #kipcamp fellows. Talented group that kept me on my toes.
this s*#t is hilarious. Couple ppl in my sec were yelling it.
:D they always come back
Definitely shorted the breaker and cost some of his work... That's going to bother me for a while
Dude from The Band died today. Wonder how many people will jam to them tomorrow on 420, lots I hope.
charge #HEAT ball!!!!
Thanks for the RT's
enjoying reading memoir and a glass of wine. Looking forward to having this New Yorker in LA.
& will be headed to LSU Thursday night for Girls' Night Out! Join us at 7:30pm/LSU Student Union Ballroom
There is something to be said about a good Agatha Christie mystery.
Bored at work.
Denver QB Tim Tebow attended #Oscar parties in LA this wknd. At a William Morris bash w/ A-list stars -most were excited to meet him.
Glad You Came by The Wanted >>>>>
someone on the #saints just broke the record for doing something awesome in
Do you like EVER talk to your brother (Alex) because it doesn't seem like it?
At the Annual Diocesan Recognition Banquet. Yeah. I know. Weird.
follow me : )
I'm missing over 1700 files from my iTunes account b/c of iCloud and iMatch - look for your booklets
I just saw a flood of camera lights in a conference room followed by the realization that Takashi Murakami is < a hundred feet away from me.
This blog site is great. How did you come up witht he idea?
I wish I had two of me so I could just let all my feeling out to someone, but there is no one I really trust with everything I have to say.
Has the internet finally become a political constituency? If so, its about time.
Dear : Please make another batch of chipotle infusion. I found last bottle in DC. Loved ones are accusing me of being stingy.
She fell in luv wit my life style ..
We're Open till 8 pm tonight, come by and grab a burger or a sweet treat!
yeah, struggling with the price tag a bit too.
well we could just go to buckheads, i would for sure get you in. may 1st i turn 21 ill give you my old one, im sure it would work
I said we dont care about rules
Yesterday was a very odd day in sports. SVG comments, Tiger stumble, Bounty-gate, Petrino, etc...
Lol yeah at least the food was good to make up for the place being so pink
you sweetie mama! Believe it or not, LMT cleaned up well! He came trained to cook/clean and still does it :) xoxo
#ThingsILookFor in a man, clean fingernails
here's a page of stunning stats
garbage picker
Wow. We complain so much re the postal service, yet my wildly inappropriate greeting cards are getting to their targets in just 2 days. :)
Cool story, yo.
ohh I will try to help you find someone!
#WalkerFailure claims he can meet 250k jobs promise ... if he gets to use his own special way of counting.
Everyone around me is sick.
Someone is diagnosed with Alzheimer's every 68 seconds. Last year, the stats said 69 seconds. Every second counts.
Welcoming my fave salon, to Twitter! Hola!
Hopefully i can get my phone fixed tommorow
I think I want some #krispykreme doughnuts really bad... But ill wait till tomorrow
Took a nap and now can't go back to sleep...but I gota sleep cause I got work at 6:45...but hey not tired...
haha team work
I'm talking about all out rushing you're a smart rusher you take your time. You're a lot more methodical like Palestinian or Tomb
for some reason thats what makes America great. As crazy as it is here, it's way worse over there...proud to be in America....
Four GOP incumbent Wis. senators targeted for recall have $370k in the bank.
My hometown library doesn't have a gift shop anymore.
I feel like shit and I don't even know why.
I can swim in it all day :)
Serving lamb buns and alligator pear salad at a small private lunch. Two items that may make their way onto the menu soon.
#NewFollowers #part2 hey guys please check us out on facebook!!
ahahahaha! and the huge bangs?
just has some clams and oysters and beer...
It'll never be the same my niggah..
Don't let the rain stop you from coming to "Response to Arizona" program on illegal immigration. Kensington Commy Church, 6:30-8 pm. tonite.
How did you know!? And a carafe of wine. Make that 5 carafes.
Best line ever.
Yes, yes I am. RT is psychic.
Bout 2 put all my issiues n this swisher....
There you are :-)
with my girrl
Congratulations to all the students who won a Book Award! Good job you guys!
seeking the great country for opportunities. might just contribute to brain drain... we'll see..
yah u no y u dont want me show u some southern hosplaitilty coz i beat ur brains out
I remember watching it and actually crying :')
am I death enough to say GM back #ornaw :)
Canada is pretty awesome, eh. Went to Parliament yesterday. Museum of Civilization today. Also a brewery that serves hops-fed bacon.
oh that's crazy! Did I miss anything in the first rd?
You gotta admit, Weiner was better at it than O'Reilly.
In class bored ugh# going to lunch with my bestie :-)
And so begins the next flood of #NYU graduation tweets...
Oh no! Someone ransacked our house! What the...oh wait. It was my little one. Nevermind. Carry on:-)
I'm wearing my to a work party. Don't judge me. I'm wearing a sweater and pearls on top.
I am yet you remain the greatest :)
Use price-comparison Internet shopping sites like PriceGrabber.com to assist you in comparing product prices.
Create reports on your niche market that you use for listbuilding and product promotions.
stayed up till 1:30 painting a chicken and liked it. getting back in the swing of art making, perhaps?
awesome to hear! What agency are you at?
thinking about a vegan cassoulet and mfk fisher. two things that don't really go together, but do in my head.
Can't wait to see you all tonight at the Waiting Room!!! Hoping to see all the familiar faces, and some new ones too.
chill trill. I think you've coined a line just now.
oh my god I an snappish and cryin and Katie ha pat callmw for my birthsya
Forgive. It doesn't erase their crime but why should you do the time. Let go of resentment
thank you, Susan!
When I have my Sweet 16 I want it to be like a masquerade<U+2665>
#Nietzsche has a varied quote that says “What doesn’t kill you makes you stronger”. Maybe...
#FIXJOBS #FIXECONOMY Break up #2_Big_2_Fail banks wud create 100k's jobs, increase competition, improve customer service, reduce monopoly.
really wants there to be aprons (so I can have one, selfishly) that read: "This is what a feminist cooks like."
Not yet but that is an excellent idea! I will send link shortly. Thanks, Liz.
Follow Me Please???
haha. No it would middle school if we went for matching anklets. Which of course I am now thinking we should do.
ass always burnin up something smh her ass would probably even mess up a syrup sandwhich ...-_-
The brain operates on the same amount of power as 10-watt light bulb.
The falcons need to wear those uniforms every week
Sometimes I really worry that I won't get into college.
the zombie prom in NYC on June 9th. Thats whats happening!& the news is oversaturated with crap that doesnt have meaning. :-)
man man man so sad !!
#brewers now that was a nice error. thank you
Went nutz today
I'm going to send an email tonight with everything! Sorry it's taken so long, it's been a crazy week!
Great to see you! ": Morning lovers. Off to a radio visit. Feeling sick again. When you travel like this. bound to happen"
What's rarer than pitching a perfect game? The Twins winning two games in a row.
Lets go Mavs! Make me some monies
Halftime in Waco. Baylor down by 1 bc they don't have a defense or a kicker.
RT : Mobile networking is also great with apps like , folks can exchange biz cards/contact info via smartphone
That was cool
There's no I in team. But bitch there's a ME
Praying for everyone getting arrested in Chicago right now. Spread the love.
Back to doctors on next Monday for follow up appointment.
I have no idea what's going on
Happy birthday to my favorite AZ reporter! <3
If you had to ask someone to compare two of your designs and then ask 3 questions, what would those be?
"You can do anything for 30 seconds"
": Gray Tee,Gray Boy Shorts and Purple sheets is how im sleeping tonight fuck the rest" Real nice visual. U smellin fruitty?
in you honor had heinikin in a can on the plane Southwest does not serve flying dog. Work on that.
anyone out there call in sick today? :)
There is a designers' axiom that seems appropriate here: "If the whole page is bold, nothing is bold."
I am going to go play airsoft near orlando tomorrow. Anyone want to join?
I feel like dancin' tonight I'm gunna party like its my civil right it doesn't matter where I don't care if people stare ;D <U+2665>
good,thank you :)
We definitely still have it! I'll give it to Phil next time I see him :)
I love how we say this everytime, and have been for the past three years and the cubs keep running him out there.
She worked for gizmodo. She knew exactly what she was doing.
What I learned about myself is I am human. I worried about twitter, the shelter etc. Felt like Moses on the mountain... Continued next tweet
Tickets for the House of Blues are available for our show on April 13 - come git it!
your welcome:3
I can't make expenses go away (wouldn't that be something?), but maybe I can help lower your car insurance costs?
what's up girl
Striking out on my own in the Big City this summer. Not happy about moving again, excited for the opportunity.
Getting cloudy, must be the weekend.<U+E40D>
Excited to announce that our new series of on-stage interviews with executives - "C-Suite Conversations" - kicks off September 8. Stay tuned
Support artistic and literary freedom in China. Follow <U+827E> <U+672A><U+672A>in defiance of the Chinese government restrictions!
Oh. And I had the most beautiful donut today. Amish people know how to do food :D
Cristina ! The only one in the whole world that understands me<3 #sadlife my heart is broken!
Destined for greatness
Wats up world a close friend told me I was neglecting twitter and wen I thought about it...it was true lol
a little disappointed but I'll live
SLH is looking for anyone willing to donate used bikes for the house. used to help guys get to meetings and work. call 800-429-6990 Thanks!
Happy Foursquare Day. Can't make it to #4sqdaySEA but hope it's a great time.
#stereotypesofourgeneration "Shes black but she talks like a white girl that's a wannabe". NO boo I jst have class and proper English.
it's a loss
Its funny how niggas want to get on a track after they heard somebody else kill it. That just shows you lack on creativity.
Time for more French toast experimentation.
I think that would create a new problem...
tbh american transcendentalism is mostly a bunch of bloated western philosophers who were obsessed with Hinduism and Buddhism
I think it would make sense here. I might think differently about it if we weren't RIT.
Listen. Evaluate. Implement. Find out how we can apply our philosophy & approach to your hospital- Email us today!
Hope casts a dark shadow over any failure and diminishes the mistake so you can see the bright side
Yep! Makes sense. Surprised we didn't all see it coming.
Congrats to for their spot on Warped Tour in Cincinnati! Come hang with us August 2!
So scratch The Vogue, I'm old and going to bed.
u was peace'n my shit nasty. You would remember that part tho. #asshole lol
What if the love of your life turns out to be a terrible father?
We love the enthusiasm, but we don't want people to spam their twitter streams with entries, each person is counted only once.
ONLY 1 1/2 HOURS LEFT of the 4th of July SELLATHON! Get over to Freedom Ford Truck Center! Or call us for more information! 800-884-5037
it seems like it was a lot more powerful at one point. Im wondering if they changed something.
Hey Joe!
gonna miss you too shlee shlee :(
If you never have, I highly recommend giving students the option to compose a song for a class assignment at some point.
thanks for the info. Watching the instead
HAPPY B-DAY to my sweet TWY-BOO(TWYLA)! HAPPY HALLOWEEN ALL! Going to the ortho doc. on Mon. for my hands! :)
ouch, don't diss my Ravens, Yankees, and Nuggets. That's hittin below the belt.
Fleeing market in Elkhorn
One thing I honestly have in common w/ the rioting PSU students: Athletics far and away the most intimate connection I feel w/ my school.
& chilling ;o
Championz heading to power play video for an interview. Power play picked up the new single from championz "stay real". Quetone music holla
I love you Austin!!!!!!<3
no name guy too.
Learning about the value of a four day work week I like the sound of that!
#bitcheswhowontdateme Any Porn Star (good or bad)
the pot of gold under the RAINBOW xDD
I agree i miss ya girly i just got back today from new orleans
I love college.
Gnite California ill see you in the am
I don't give a fuck
Ok cant wait!
slowly making it , but when do y'all get out ?
My tummy is so full. Going to sleep so good.
My fantasy racing team just went into the tank
now the creepers will come
dancing.....festival of the arts.! i have to preform
Thanks for a great consultation Danny !
need a manager
Yahey! Welcome back!
i love in 500 days of summer and new girl, i just wonder whats she really like in real life
If you aint on what im on then you aint worth it and if i cant see u in my future then wats the purpose?
RT : The government should get out of the marriage business. Just issue Civil Union licenses &let churches bless them or not.
worship time
We're back at 6:20 am. RT: Jacket2 site is down as of 5:30 am eastern time. Back up soon! (via )
Worked for the Obama campaign in 2008; moments like this make that experience feel valuable, worthwhile.
care to explain?
"The struggle for global sustainability will be won or lost in cities", the UN Secretary General stated in his opening speech.
oh scew you jerk
I'm feeling loved today
S/o to all the #AfterSchoolSpecial fans who came out to support tonight. and 's girlfriend
One more day of filming to go!
#musesocial I believe that museums can engage a conversation with an even larger audience with social media.
i only remember i think it started with a W or M i wish i knew it was her though i wish i new man that sucks i must remeber
Gonna be a good night with :)
Grading of student projects --Some are Excellent others good
de nah ready fi de MATTRASS RIDDIM Daddy seh wrap it up don't b silly! Op Willy -RED ROSE ~Selah
Thanks for the heads up - appreciate the feedback.
the place you are at now, I have not talk to anyone from metro in a while.
I am vending my art on 3/24/12 at the first of 2012
it's Sunday LOL
Hey Erika, Sorry you can't make it! You'll be missed! :(
U can't fix dumb, believe me I've tried~BAMM.
What's your word for this year? Mine is Compassion - not sympathy - but compassion for Self and Others. 1-1-11 - Yes!!
What am I doing right now?
but can you show me an example? or do we just have party talking points on both sides to try to manufacture a difference?
Dear special teams: eat me.
just got a sneaky preview of the new from our friends at … shit is gonna get real in the fall y'all!
breakfasting with Peter & Conrad @ The Elevens
It<U+FFFD>s easier to seek forgiveness than ask for permission.
Lame that they didn't show a K State 2OT highlight.
I miss you love (:
Big perm I mean worm lol
Shortened season finally startin to catch up wit people
Success comes at a cost that all can afford, but only few are willing to pay.
": Headed to Millennia Mall! Who coming with me?1" ««bout to start a riot in the mall
Who wants to go to the Pgh Blues Festival for FREE? DM me for more info!
Orr asks Fletcher if he would rejoin the party in the future. Fletcher says no. He's not worried about the future.
To everyone in the entire twitter world, I apologize. was correct.
We are having our first CUNY application workshop of the semester tomorrow. Come to C311 at 12:45 if you are interested!
If you make your return calls, please call me before you go to sleep. I really need to tell you something.
Give me that HIGH FIVE, my friend!
if u find a place let me know! I'll roll up there 4 deep! Haha! Seriously tho <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
So. How 'bout them #Bruins. :)
Niggas wit no money act like money isn't everything
I have explored everything the Houston airport has to offer #boredom... Waiting for to get here and entertain me
that's just crazy! What is wrong with people? Idiots!
I hear that ! Im bout to unfollow u cuz I still didn't a follow back!
house party! Kinda late response!
RT Perfect night to chill outside..I agree 100%
hope the rain clears before parade this eve in quarter. we will revel...
I'm going to send you a few e-mails to check out
I'm not a Dodger fan but mayor does not belong on the same field as Vin Scully is a crook and a piece of garbage
that was yesterday!
: Enjoyed presentations by you and at Jboye. Is your deck at slideshare as well?
Imagine if vampires smoked weed, one population would die when they have the munchies lmao
hahah umm I will be back on Sunday! I need to show Waltiea some post moved anyways hahah she gonna get mad if she sees this
Yesterday I was flying high / With you / Today I’m back on planet Earth / Silently crying / in the river of Tuesday blues
I'm so glad its Monday :)
Im So Late But My Back Something Wrong With i Need To Go To The ER
Mann my Mf tooth hurt
Wearing my WDWD bracelet: What Did Willam Do?
Do all the good u can In all the ways u can At all the places u can To all the people u can As long as u ever can
I invite you all to see my new movie, "Moneyball."
Do You Have A Picture Of Him On Your Phone?
hello, how are you?
It is the heart that makes a man rich. He is rich according to what he is, not according to what he has.
#AmazingRace ? Please let me know how that goes! I'm sure other families would like to know about your ride w/the Buddy Bike!
Petrified Forest field expedition is on! May 7 - 20.
What I want for Christmas? For people to read their emails before hitting send. ie. "and am no longer call am calling the token exchange"
Our gift card Kiosk has 140 varieties of gift cards to choose from.
She kinda snapped her head in a cocky way and said "yeah, that's right" and Tyler slid away from her. Wonder if its on youtub
I've only been sitting here for 25 minutes and I already ate all of my snacks for the next 4 hours -________-
"Go big or go home." - James Garfield
ah! you have to post part 23 like NOW! i am SO MAD AT JUSTIN. (in your sotry) you are just an amazing writer.
Felt it here in DC to. Initial reports are a 5.8 in Richmond.
I will mf!
What's your BIG IDEA to help disadvantaged families in San Diego?
Perhaps Narcissus was hoping that, just once, he could gaze at his reflection without being met by an accusatory stare.
I get that when I watch dance...
Thanks for follow. REALTOR looking for good contractor in the Hemet area & a custom home builder in Valley Center, California.
you definitely caught me.
Ugh got a morning class tomorrow -___-
Won 2 awards! Leasing of the year & got a promotion. Yea!!!
Now, it's time for the Riverside vs. Mukwonago game.
I wish I owned an owl. I also wish this tweet had a punchline. But I mostly wish I owned an owl..
I like hockey but baseball is my favorite! The #Bulls provide great entertainment though!
Being a bum
Big skymaster be mixin' it up for all of us!
oh you guys made me cry! Congrates!!
morning candy and friends happy tuesday
TGIF..... Actually sitting in one of them!!!!
For your urban pop and geek culture needs, you have to follow
No :( I got another week and a half
At wrk being driven insane by these kids!
Paris Bar, Kantstr., constantly here with Jacob Taubes in the mid-1980s. Puncto 1985. It's still claustrophobically small...
i wanna rap on a spaceghostpurrp beat one day
Thinking about getting some new headphones. The ones I'm using now are just way too damn heavy!
YaYsoul,you R,giving courage to twitter pans!
In the eyes of the NeuroTypical World, there is nothing Autistics can do that is ever "good enough"
every mom think their bad &$^#%^ child is innocent, sweet and precious? But, 7 million connected to prison system in 2010, says different?
Doug Ridenour Jr is asking for any donations as in raffle prizes for the event. He can be contacted at 209 595-5693.
you clearly have no clue what a john doe investigation is or how it works.
Omgg that video that nick tweeted. I can't.
One establishment candidate down and 8 to go! The global elitist are trmbrlling! Way to go Ron!!!! Taking out the status quorupt!
did you know you can do sets of sit-ups, butt lifts, planks & pushups on a trampoline? I did it!! ;)
oh just barely (;
Diane Sawyer just said I can expect insect swarms thx to the warm winter. Pencil in under Sunspots, on list of things I'm NOW afraid of.
I used to but they got really hard so I just stopped lol.
Amsterdam!!! you'll be seeing me for sure next year !!!
Supporting those Plainfield baseball boys today! <U+2600><U+270C><U+26BE>
He will have become aware that he is happy in the course of living life twenty-four crowded hours of the day .
please RT 4 HS girls in Phoenix! We'll be holding our annual prom fair February 25! Gowns just $5! details at mypromdress.org
My Daddy is my first love <3
How come even when I don't follow someone, I still end up involved in a conversation involving and the word "cock"?
$alute to all the blogs who posted our video on their sites we appreciate the luv ! "O.T.O.M.S"
Heading to Philly in a bit to rock the UACA Hall! Who's psyched?!?
The best place to store a Firehook baguette is in your stomach. We recommend you eat your baguette the day you buy it.
I think I've been living under a dissertation-finishing-job-interviewing-class-teaching rock. Newt Gingrich won a primary?
headphones!!!!!! dam i was in da middle of crushin dis classic!!!
youre burnt....no more chronic man
Blessed Theophylact has given us a “ Bible study” of ancient and divine origin, untouched by contemporary opinions and discussions.
Don't let 'em tell you how to live your life<3
You heard about QT new Slavery Western "Django Unchained" w/ Jamie Fox, Leo DiCaprio, Sam Jackson, Kurt Rusell & Ali G
I do
OKC or the spurs will be in the finals
you crazy my dude
3Keepers: Keep it moving by changing a static image.
Copying has become a National Disease... what makes you an original?
These girls ballin'!!!!
My boy's car just took 1st in his 1st heat. :-)
why are you so worried about me?
Found an iPhone on the floor and managed to find the owner at this huge conference. Hopefully, this will help improve my tech karma!
Matters that Matter #FF @
So true sweetie!
The task ahead of us is never as great as the power behind us. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
I might be.
Winning! Totally winning!
It was 's idea to have us auto-tweet the same stories. While petting a cat, he said to me: "U know what would irritate tweeps?"
cause I'm proud to be an american
Looking forward to it as well! RT : can't wait til Saturday!
A vibration is a motion that cannot make up its mind which way it wants to go.
Just tapped #AnchorBrewing Christmas 2010 and 2011!!!!! As well as #BrooklynBrewery winter!!
thanks for the retweets!
A guy that really care about u suffer and make sacrifices just to make u happy that's why I have all the hearts 4 u even though it sucks
Let us know if you want us to market your service/product.
Lugar loses. The Republican Party just got a little crazier!
Happy bday jessica
Hey love, I hope you're having a blessed day!!!! :-)
How bizarre was it this time? I photographed him once for Kronick in front of the Trashy Lingerie shop...he was loving it! LOL!
I might not make it that long Lol so I'm living how it come; but at the same time thinking bout tomorrow and working on my future
Keep working and you'll be varsity. Being a sophomore on varsity. I was there. Don't be discouraged. You're gonna get beat up
Wondering how you can get involved in local Hillcrest-area activities? Come join us at our next meeting.
You obviously don't have respect for yourself or your girlfriend.
You rollin' with us tonight?
#ManThighsMahoney I love you ;*
The Southwest Section PGA Annual Meeting was REMARK-ABLE! Go to our Golf Realty Network FB page to see the pics.
": Thank you guys for the love so far, did y'all like our paso? We had fun...." It was AMAZING!!!
you know that you would be excited if i gave you a sticker lol
Good Afternoon #team2tone!! How you guys feelin?? :)
#ThreeImportantWords I. AM. HUNGRY.
Thank you for following, yes we will keep in touch and gladly take up on your offer.
Ha! // RT : As texting trends upward teens will engage in telepathy.
Jericho wins. The ending to that match was so solid.
BLACK FRIDAY Sale 50% off comedy show 2nite w/ Discount code
TALK TO MY LAWYER YOU THE ONE WHO WANTED TO GET RID OF IT TWO WEEKS AGO COME ON NIGGA
Such a gorgeous day in Los Angeles!
Thanks for the RT! Happy Friday! :)
Have a great night everyone! B)
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay Are those who engage in threesomes with their partner really trying to spice things up or are they unhappy?
It's Jonny from the Stumblebums. We were in LA last month and tore it up.. wished you were there to jam with us! b in touch
Shampoo additive (or salad dressing) for eggs; thai food for coconut leftovers!
Because I Said So on Style network and reading Fifty Shades. Sounds like a good Sat night to me!
We're studying Romeo and Juliet in English. Haha acting it out with everyone is so fun and hilarious.
Tell me how your show was last night?!?!?!?18
Really enjoying Jim Kane's talk.
This page is for the promotion of the whole DFW music scene. We put on for our city and artist!
Everyone makes me feel like shit. I hate feeling like this. I just want all the pain to go away.
who can find some rare GLJ videos on youtube whether it be in our old band or now? Find it and tag us!
You can't really judge someone just cos she's nice on twitter. Who knows it's all an act.
Eagles 2012 season could rest on rookies. Figure five rookies could be asked to make significant contributions.
RT : "Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought." ~ Jonathan Swift...
#Dolphins draft key #14: When questioning GM Ireland's picks remember as a kid he was routinely wedgied by talented good 1st rd quarterbacks
I've Decided To Delete My Twitter, I Never Get On And I Think Its Boring And Stupid.
Awww his so sweet :)
I like your icon...just look at them pushing that truck or car.
how about a little better midfield and defense, as in not giving up 4 unanswered goals...
writing on the oblique/concave-laden interior design of #empirecoffee, fictional #starbucks in #androidjesus. have u noticed all the slants?
yeah...... ur kinda right lol I need a vacaaaattttiiiooonnn
LOYALTY BEFORE ROYALTY.
A release, a ecsape. A solution. Light at the end of the tunnel.
Wow, #WSDOT has done a great job w/ their #Android app. I love it!!
My baby is making gravy. Soon he'll get my baby gravy!
Shut up bitch. :)
It gets better every second we're together.
Yo nigga you the shit I like how you keep the integrity in yo music fuck the fame you spitting for real niggas!
If you ain't got no aliby,You U.G.L.Y... Yeah Yeah -> You UGLY
thanks I love you too girl! :)
music in my mind "Instant Karma" by John Lennon ... what's playing in your brain?
Met with the lovely folks from Of note: Patsy Cline's house, over 200 wineries, & ponies AND rocket launches on Chincoteague!
LOL! My friend nate was next to me in history and he was watching one of your gameplays haha
Do just once what others say you can't do, and you will never pay attention to their limitations again. ~ James R. Cook
Sorry, I'm still learning this whole twitter thing. Consider yourself followed, sir. How was the squid?
I actually said "...this whole episode shows a lack of business maturity on the part of Betterment..." You misquoted me in Forbes
C'mon Kansas !
Showing a location scout around right now. Will we be HBO bound? ;)
At Green Light Music in Kalamazoo, MI #rsd2012 8th in line at 8am
Good moanin tweets!!!
Who's Birthday is this week?
did see a good Weezer show there....think the band Cold opened?
She put her gum on my pants so mines in her hair haa yoo she pisd
right--what I dig about Chuck is he was honest about his switch when he did, and called out Repugs for their ish
Sushi farts.
Learned much in passing chat today with colleague Kate Leonard about preservation triage in times of tight library budgets.
no but like 6 can
There are a set of steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
Remind us. I'd vote for you.
Philadelphia and Washington DC areas usually.
I did too, eck!
Oh so HSBC? I'm sorry hun.
Your always going to be an asshole in my eyes
You asked for it!
you already know...
When a country song comes on that reminds me of you <
I'm foreal, I will slap a bitch.
love your guys tacos anyone ever beat 10 in a night? Cause I'm pretty sure I hold the record if it still stands
RT : #JustRememberThat unlike your current girlfriend, I am not a rodent.
that's cool, wish i could go 2 slam dunk...but i'm goin to warped this summer so i shouldnt complain.
Congrats to the for the all time high in penalties yards only in
go Nina and RT “: Off to train a brand new class of Spring Fellows! #fellows2012”
<U+2605>Check Out my live Radio Sessions Out today(5.30.11) Go to www.djjonchris.com , and take a listen. Your neighbors will love it!
I'm jealous!
Thanks for the shoutout!
Look who I found on twitter My dad was just asking what happened to you. My whole family loved to watch you and your mama.
We also know it's NOT "I just want to hang out with the guys tonight" or "Honey, I need to tell you something"... :)
solo project i started featuring a bunch of LA session musicians that just enjoy music. no bullshit, just fun tunes :)
Game 6 was awesome and a great crowd. People honking horns all over the garage on the way out. Game 7 tomorrow!
"When all men speak, no man hears."
An attentive audience for a spoken word artist at a bar is high praise.
Not only have I not seen in almost a week, she hasn't tweeted me in days... #notcool ;)
What is your favorite non-fiction book?
Just got a quiet moment in the studio..rain is lightly falling. The sound of the raindrops is filling the room..it's peaceful.
Wanna go back to sleep
hmm, what is "fake art"? Teasing but can't let it go. It isn't "fake" art, just not accessioned or loaned art in MOMA.
you ok
hahahaha that's awesome.
I'd appreciate it. Thanks.
Arias rolls one thru the 3.5 hole and Giants are on the board, 3-1 with runners on 1st and 2nd, still nobody down
But, of course, if that tax is applied we have to learn the SMS dance backwards
Hehe I love you so much! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I'm the type to tell ya daughter things
But if you're new to it, paying for management could be well worth the money.
I would like to say bye bye to everyone I'm out bye twitter g2g and take a 2 hour nap.....(+:+)
I am referring to going to see Avengers again by myself ;)
and to you!
I think Ron Paul should drop his pacifist ways and just SLAP NEWT.
I miss my BF most of all -second is hummus and candy breaks. Something I don't miss? My desk side weight gain
Finally sitting down and catching up on my life after a long day
"Stoops can save America" -- my sister Rachel re the power of sitting outside and actually talking to your neighbors
Modeling tonight=]
June 1 is Nat'l Hazelnut Cake Day - is that even a thing?
Where is your pissing boner, want to suck it oops Rt it!!
Hey, Cancer-walking S-Alumni, we're meeting tomorrow/parking lot outside south Dillard's entrance/7-7:15am. Bring $15 for your shirt.
cheer up, bestfriend. i'm here for ya i'll treat ya like a price, not a game. :) & i'm going to chew him out for this bs.
RT : One of the reasons I LOVE SM is everyone has an opportunity to be heard, brand, customer and voyeur
gotta love helpin fix the underneath of his truck at 11:30 at night !! lol #cold <U+E107>
hisself is NOT a word!
You're welcome. Go #AgencyInsanity :)
lol the apple doesn't fall far from the tree...<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Man, that is sad.... I feel kinda bad now..
oh my god savanna! haha that is creepy.
Things I don't get: The Foo Fighters, people who tweet weird quotes, Seacrest's new hair, why roses cost so much and whiskey.
#Get Back has to be my fav #beatles song!
This tanning bed really just sprayed me with water! Perks of working at a tanning salon
My whole iPhone is now baby blue
aye don't judge us lonely folks. We're a kind group of citizens. Lol
OMG YES!!! That was her we spammed. I think it was my idea to do it. She had like 200 comments of random pics and shit. lmfaoo
hay tramps lol
I just made a loan to Zikusooka Womens Group on Kiva.org
Winter doesn't scare me. I've managed to get used to most things.
Friday Night in Madison! KIERNAN McMULLAN with PHOX and GAVIN JONES Coffee House! Tickets available at the door!
lawrence north
oh okay lol just making sure
I love it!
Don't just give your heart to anyone. First, make sure he's worth it <U+2764>
Rashawn grew up in Kansas City.
President Martelly, savvy in social media, tweeted his own inauguration as Haiti's 56th president minutes after it happened!
Ditto RT : good...hadn't felt totally old for a few hours. RT Sucks that I don't turn 21 until the end of summer.
Thanks for featuring #NoKidHungry on your blog!
Wow, Halle Berry looks Amazing!
Ohh, sorry to hear that :( Sounds very annoying!
Those of you auditory learners vs visual, tune in to 88.9 tmrw, Friday, from 9a-930a to hear more about us.
When flying with kids, remember: your kids don't have to be the best as long as they're not the worst.
and all win today.
Up early to get to #govlearning conf. today at the Newseum. Is great to be in DC and walking among the urban folks.
Ready for a great game tonight! Let's Go #Flyers!!!
I've tried to like #GCB, support the locally inspired show, but I can't take a season 2. The script is just so bad...
Thank you ... I love your lunchtime #wax skills! :)
Drunk off the funk!
You know to hustle don't mean you got to do it illegal I'm just saying
#SLPeepsSaturday Follow these
We are mass energy. Everything is energy. EVERYTHING. -The Secret
Just saw a local politician advertising on Hulu. Caught me off guard. There is no escape from political rhetoric.
Are you coming to Katie's cabin in a few weeks? It would be super sweet if you are!
How does this MLB realignment work for you?
get to as soon as u can...dano is now sick i guess.
Hm, I kinda agree w/ the author: having purchases in Mint helps me see where I can spend less. Guess I'm just projecting! :)
where is the coverage?
by the way, I believe we've talked a bit before from my account.
Follow back.
Definitely watch it in 3D. :D
Thank you for the awesome work. I love everything you've done for me so far. You rock :-)
Your welcome!
"If jesus was born in the United States ... We'd have the Shroud of Berwyn." #quote Lou Rugani
Been cleaning my room since 8. Almost done with hanging up & folding my clothes everywhere <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> hopefully my clothes will stay neatt!
just for clarification, I mean, should the world just watch?
Octoberfest is coming at the Turn Verein in Sac. One of my favorite weekends of the year!
Jeremy Renner is pretty badass -- but inheriting TWO spy franchises? Really? ()
Stop making kissy faces, my girlfriend will kick your ass ;)
Federal plan to rate teacher performance
Opposition arguing that they will not be competitive with county. I bet the county raises theirs next year after the election.
TelCel's 3G network in CaboSanLucas is prob The fastest Internet I've ever seen on my phone. What's up AT&T? And yes, been working on vacay.
...also the Heat are in town next Monday. Get your tickets before they sell out.
what u doin
Fantasy Factory >>>>> Great
Less than eight months until the 2012-13 starts!
yea well I know I'm not a cover girl that's how I feel
This is amazing
on tour with my choir I'll be back in Chicago later on ..
YOU BOTH WILL NEVER AGE
The test wasn't as hard as I thought it would be
cuz I can't take the pain so I won't be online. And I can't do Taylor Issues
I didn't think Gainesville had it in them
Only 1 King Burrito and it's delicious
"New innovative business models will all face rejection at one pt or another, even multiple times." - Tyler Merrick
Joel be hoein'
Happy Veteran's Day!!!!
Ha ha [stop] I still want one [stop].
Facilitated discussion on the future of eLearning
happy easter everyone.thank you Jesus
So... I can't be your drummer?
Hi Shawn, we are looking forward to the #FeelRich event next weekend! Thanks for all you do.
How frequently do you have trouble navigating the health care system when you need care?
Puttin on the Ritz in #harlem..where the highbrows meet the lowbrows, booze flows and the elite get to brush elbows with a hoodlum like me..
I love watching my cat watch birds.
Album cover shoot today with one of Chicago's best rappers. Long, hot Chicago day!!!
This movie is about to make me cry
Welcome to Miami
Sometimes I get my wife and my GPS mixed up...they both tell me what to do every 30 feet.
Feel free to txt me. Anyone? Dont care who ya are. 513. 600. 3654.
You have actually no fucking idea of what I'm going through, so you have no right to judge me.
Oof! Happy birthday?
I guess Squidoo ain't wanna talk to me lol
Ok I'm hungry... Where is the free food health maybe?
haha yeah i know...:D
I missed it too :(
walking in the winter wonderland :) .... scratch that .. BIEBER LAND!
its raining tis pouring the old man is snoring in nyc today
I could not agree more. I already had to turn off the radio. I just want them to win tonight.
for all new friend.. is you hv not go the change to visit our website.. pls go ..www.us-tea.com. .. share your experience here..
When was the last time you danced?
Guys who shave their legs. No.
Follow us on twitter or like us on facebook to have access to sales and the Honor man scholarship!!
NBA X-MAS SPECIAL
#philtown is speaking in Springfield. Just finished his speech.
q4 - didnt have much of an issue with the separation stuff! I've got little mini me's - outgoing. We'll see w/
long day at work...happy to join the family on the homefront
Thanks. Its a joy to see gloves taking a new turn.
Why isn't nickelback playing the halftime show?
Any insight on #Bachelorette designers that we'll see on Emily??
oh yes u do! :) i will start the lyrics and quotes!
unless he wants to play defense
follow me?
I'm hoping that they are going off the air & is replacing them! RT We're anxious for The 's big announcement
bro, you need to go 2 this: RT State of the Re:Union Live - coming to #Baltimore this month!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>CAN I GET A DO-OVER FOR THE LAST TWO DAYS?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> PLEASE AND THANK YOU!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Then when the DJ comes on @ 1030 Dino is going to turn the lights down and we can close out St. Paddy's with a dance party.
Giffords a reality check in chamber of politics
I saw a horrendous motorcycle accident on my way home from work today. It has me reconsidering my scooter (which I was driving at the time).
I wish i could have that undeniable love
It's not your eyes, Genability is sporting a new logo!
The converse of this is also true. RT : The most fearsome foe to the ignorant is anyone who is not.
RT : On the bus ..to support #csustrike. Budget cuts are disfiguring the nations finest & most accessible public univ system.
Investing in your health is the most important investment you can make. Money in the bank can't buy you the security it brings!
Madam. You forget I have a 1/4 century dealing w/ Israel/Palestine under my belt.Persevering agst unreasonableness is all I got..!
in SF today. Excited to start the dialogue (I know it's been a bit of a monologue lately)
Do we seem stressed out?
I'm soaked
So enjoying this Julius Schulman (environmentalist/architecture photographer/general modernist) documentary. Streaming on now!
“: Hm....I think we have a new wednesday party brewing in LA...Hm...” <-- THIS.
Got up this Morning with all intents to Run lake Montebello this AM. #HelloRain ;o) To the basement for workout it is!
Coffee is yummy!!! But I don't understand how ppl could just drink it black it's quite disgusting
It's Whiskey Wednesday! Come try Beta's MilwauKKee Sazerac. This delightful drink mixes thyme, orange peel, Absinthe & of course #whiskey!
Pumpkin spice frappucinos are amazing
My mom just found my first grey hair so you know happy mother's day to her
no kidding! i'm home too, and i've gotten sucked in for more time than i'd like to admit :D
It hasn't been official yet, but the whole cast wants to
I had to make a new FB page aDd me on it and send me links to all the other pages I need to "like"
Well it looks like we play the hardest team on our schedule tommarow, its time for to still drop some buckets
I ended up missing it, Doug. I hope there's a recording because I really was looking forward to it, as you know.
Hell Iowa(:
TY RT Debra, scot the food doc Dr Scot Lewey
Thank you EVERYONE for playing tonight and please dont forget every Sunday we will be giving away $25 and sample products! Waiting 4 results
A perfect tweet RT Whatever the opposite of "yolo" is, I support that.
Still up chillin .. What's poppin
I will call you back when I get a chance.
Am I the only way who can't stand the Allstate ads' "mayhem" guy?
Town services at stake with $293K override - The Daily News of Newburyport
Yeah! Him LMAO
We took our after school youth to Freedom Plaza in D.C. last week so they could get a first hand experience. Very Memorable
We agree! MT : pay attention to It has it all: branding, storytelling, relevance, engagement, social ...
Poor kiddo's eyes are all red and puffy from his allergies. :( hopefully that benedryl will help him sleep.
Really appreciating Liz Berg's show on #wfmu this morning.
hehehe again... Who are you talking to? :-)
Creative Rebellion is now on Twitter!
- hook me up with some info on Mr. Kelly's talk - couldn't find it on LongNow or his homepage... must be exclusive?
good like that!
Listening to some great new companies at Zino Zillionare annual event - follow the buzz
I love the color, you are so pretty
[loudly] "I am a certified human being"
#BackInMiddeSchool dooney and burke bucket bags were the ish
re:beer I picked up some cage free brew. (organic honey basil beer)
Drinking Rwanda Tumba Cocatu brewed in the siphon... Delicious.
"Does it come in a can & can I sell it for $1.00" -- No one should EVER you this excuse.
Start your weekend with our 5 for 5 appetizer special at Pepper's Bar between 5-6pm! 5 appetizers to choose from for only $5 each!
can't wait for yall to come back up. Your niece should be here by then
cleveland. Have fun sleeping in us. See you tonight beautiful!
my trainer is a couple years older but it's the same brand. I bought it from a guy on Craigslist. Is yours pretty loud?
who has more followers now thug ? (;<
these numbers are overwhelming.
RT : Understand travel hotspots, plan in advance and make your journeys easier during the #london2012 Games....
Lambda Chi Alpha will be arriving at #AmericanU in less than a week! Have you scheduled your meeting yet?
thanks! talk to you soon
I've had this recurring nightmare the past few days. All I would like to do is have a pleasant dream for once.
If I could offer a word of advice to up and coming actors - beware of the many acting schools out there. Look them up and view their...
:o) MT : It's such a beautiful spring day. I think I'll sit indoors and pound the F5 key looking at $#%! that doesn't matter.
okay! Just let me know when!
Kaskade x Eyes
Do you think people were born fashionistas or developed style over time?
I'm a horrible friend ! I'll make sure I see next time
Wanna hang out at my old apartment? We can tear up the carpet, close the windows, turn on some fans, and let the mold take over our bodies!
it looked like a shooters gym lol.
thanks mom!
Aha yeah glad to know someone feels the same like me! I am working on mastering an updated version of that instrumental
All the blame falls on the coach's of those teams.
Other than being able to watch playoff hockey tonight, after flipping through channels I have concluded I do NOT miss cable TV.
What kind of music do you like? We need fan input? You may qualify for free mixes
where did you guys get the red and black pants or sweats?
What are the perspective on effective leadership behavior?
HAVE YOU LOST YOUR FUCKING MIND
Everyone I see is a soldier like me!!!
Just gotta get through today then
Need steel guitar recording? Check out my new website www.pedalsteeltrax.com
Happy Birthday to #BaltimoreRavens owner Steve Bisciotti
: maybe if you write something they will get it right posted via
Let me reiterate, I don't know every web page of the internet.
Also, I just want to thank my growing PLN for being so helpful over the past year. It has been one of the craziest in my life!
but not this kinda twitter!! It's just all about themselves! :P
does it scratch? & have you dropped your phone with it?
I have my Macbook, iPhone and iPad with me while I am having my morning bowel movement.
there's more than one way to love a girl
#SO ---> for the 50 (and counting) new followers
what? You may need to re-read that kiddo.
Happy Saturday. It's another actor day. Attending two workshops then a screening tonight.
#LAStageTalks Actors skip rehearsal if they get an under 5. Deidre says its ok cause they have to eat. Do u agree?
you doin anywhere else in IL??
...feeling a little blanchedalmond 2 day...
Just saw ... wow that was random <U+E107>
Why was Erykah Badu from 1996 singing with on ?
Greetings from Portland, OR long time it seems since I was just on the roof at 9 News "Mile High" sharing my story. Hello Jack Maher!
Neither could I in 2000. Thought I'd be here for two years then go back to school. Life changed a little bit.
Yes, Jesus loves me!
think how exciting it would be to map and share some of those 185,000 Magnum photos through sepiatown.com - hint, hint.
Thanks for the mention!
Just another great day day in la summer time is here thank god
PAIN. Dude I'm probably not going to want it after a year of having it. HAHA.
@ sorry not yet but I will.
Does Missouri have scorpions
we had a blast! you guys were fab.
Try The Razzmatazz breakfast bowl: EggBeater, Roasted Tomatoes, Feta Cheese, Grilled Zucchini, Grilled Eggplant w/Toast 4 only $3.49!
Heading out with friends in OTR. Tomorrow will be the first day that I write the date incorrectly in a few months.
We never had one, but I would go.
That was AMAZING
Fuck Disney, The Electric Chapel is the happiest place on earth.
I wish there was a build-a-girlfriend...
Bag of Money - Rick Ross
You sound like you are a year away from shaking your fist and yelling out the window "Godamn kids!" Grandma Daniela
We do! Esp ecially if the weather is anything like today!
AMC Celebrating the conservation of 582 acres in PA Highlands, sponsored by Congressman Jim Gerlach.
We'll miss him and so will the kids of SE Little League - Paul Rinkulis has passed on. Its a sad day in the South End, Boston
whats good b how u doing
I think we'd get along. We're both outdoorsy types. And we've both killed many many bitches.
I don't ever wanna live a day without one or both of my parents.
Jessica Paré in L'Wren Scott looking like a golden goddess!!
what crash? Oh no …
Is there a link to the story or 2+2 thread on what happened?
thanks for bein such great friends !
I love Rihanna's new video where have you been! I can't stop playing it proud
i here you
sweet! glad you like it :)
Ah... insult comedy! you'd make Mr. Rickles proud. Sticks & stones... but we only accept blow jobs from hot babes.
Nerves are frayed. Jackass has been mowing his lawn with a defective mower for an hour. The struggling motor is driving me up the wall.
Feeling good and looking great!
Rep. Scott Hochberg sends out endorsements... no preference in his own race, but thumbs up for Sadler (Sen), Kirkland (Judge)
my god! That's a lot of shoes.
Then it's OK if you have never gotten venereal at said locations.
DON'T 4GET ABOUT BAD BOYZ
Hey look, is on twitter!
Breakfast is trulty the most important meal of the day.....if i dont eat it in the morning i'll eat it at night
Do not excuse poor officiating. These refs are having a horrible game (just like players can). They are not above criticism.
Very nice job opening for the Billy Corgan panel. Yay Minneapolis!
If you insist we keep it quiet Lauren I'll try my best! I just hope I can contain myself until then! Goodnight Luv!
We are going as fast as we can to make it to the Statehous. About five mile away
I guess it's just the idealist in me.
I believe the New yorker has more subs in CA then in NY
ugh i never did anything wrong to you
indeed. Thanks!
#WFSAScriptTip: what's your main characters favorite movie? Why?
Please come to my B-day Party on the 16!! Not only is it my birthday party for me but also for Jolie Vanier's, AND Justin Tinucci's AS WELL!
Is it bad that I'm crying cos there's no way ill be able to convince my parents to let me go to CA to see the boys
It's going to be so warm today, I think I'll open my window when I get home. Loving this mild weather!
SOME Guys cheat. SOME Girls cheat. SOME Guys are faithful. SOME Girls are faithful. So STOP BITCHIN' & LEARN HOW TO PICK 'EM BETTER!
Ever wonder what a private club for magicians is like? The new documentary gives a glimpse of the world famous
Still feeling like this I'm really scared of going to the ER again and repeating last year :(
No we talked about it in church on Wednesday
Sub'n in a double header for a Softball team in Gahanna.
Austin,you make me feel sad right now :(
looking forward to it
heads or tails?
I was like "damn... White tees tho!? Smh I gotta get my life together I'm not living right!"
true...although he does have a normal skin tone, so he gets bonus points
#1Dupdates2to100K GO GO GO!!
#YouKnowItsRealWhen after everything he's still the only person you can see yourself with.
what part of jersey? My buddy owns Golds Teterboro
Not cool at all.
Why Scottie Pippen got on white pants??? What is this Miami....
if I didnt have a meeting id skip it
if you're here and we're here, then they're here.
I don't really mind if it's over your head cause the job of resurrector's is to wake up the dead
that's cute (:
I like that you make albums and not just a dozen singles shoved together.
I love taking Aqua Fit class at the gym. It makes me feel so young.
What odds will someone give me that Lebron gets injured before the series ends? I need something to root for and it won't be the basketball.
Amazon got a little responsiveness going on in their nav. Snazzy!
!! Hope to see you at my album release/benefit concert for #Egypt! Tonight at #USC's Bovard Auditorium! Peace & much love!
Dear Lord. I'm going to grow old waiting for this elevator. Must locate stairs ASAP.
The show has started! :D And Small Talk is here hanging out. Come hang out with everyone too!
Playoff time in LA! What a finish to the PGA's Northern Trust Open!
Purdue playing 5 guards? Weird, but it seems to be working
The Pirate Bay: I was always taught to share my shit... but the minute someone doesn't earn a dollar off of it it's a crime.
Celebrate Dr. Seuss' Birthday w/ on March 3rd at #BkSq. FREE event w/ Games, Crafts, Story-Times & more!
Hmm, They seem to be debunking the "Water boarding theory" How sad the previous Admin. has only a controversial issue to claim as success.
RT : Does FullMoon affect people's behavior, you ask? Yup. It makes people think the FullMoon affects people's behavior
Hell yeah!!! I got a promo
kinda. We all go to the same school, and when he didnt recognize me, i gave him the revenge of love x)
She work hard for the money so hard for the money she work hard for the money so gangsta treat her right
I thought it was a killer who turned the power off...dads going to make sure no ones there...
Reluctantly using this again. Hello Twitter world!
Cher "You have balls!" Enough said.
That should be WORDS. My typing fingers aren't working too well today.
Stuck between a rock &d hard place
hey guys :)
Guys, I almost just died. A huge ass spider tried to murder me... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Thanks to mean jean the chorus machine im at school on a half day
I'm not weird. I am adorably eccentric.
Just now hitting the hay and I don't mind one bit
my parents think its in my best interest
The weather is perfect!!!!
I would never use the word T-pain but yet my phone's predictive text has it listed. Fuck I just used it, well played phone, well played.
#TheBestThingAboutThanksgiving- food and football.
&uArr; Very Cool Mini DV Voice Recorder Watch the watchers
Yea, no luck. I'm going to try a different route. Hope his mom still has the same phone # she did when I was in the 9th grade.
lol love it!
Glad you're enjoying it! RT : Android app is amazing
": #HardWork" yep. I think was trying to kill me today lol
Back in beautiful lubbock.
if i eat another peanut butter and jelly on corn tortilla again i'll....eat another peanut butter and jelly on corn tortilla.
because, you are you.
TWIN TOWERS
Happy Thanksgiving!
Hello, everybody! We are pleased to post our first tweet today! Stay tuned for more updates. Camp is just 2 weeks away!
Know your danger zones and avoid them.
Love me when I least deserve it, because that's when I really need it.
"So Gone" by Monica
Tea parties and Twitter.
lol I know ): I was suppose to go! But I had so much prom stuff to do yday & wouldn't have been able to make it ):
Watching my princess singing my favorite <U+266C>Revelation<U+266C> "Paint the Town Red" Park!These kids are so wonderful!
yes it is but I only asked the question not a statement
Are there any YA novels with 7th Day Adventist &/or missionary kids, either set in the present or the past?
Bored anybody know of anything going on in LA fun tonite?
We all should go to las vegas!
Deadspin is reporting that you and Betty White are a couple.
Oh please, I'm sure it looks great!
hoping we win!!! 3rd in league would be mint!!!
can't tell you I'll show you later today though
who said we hate men??
About to head to shakas in about 3 hours, to play with life on repeat, and Us and Them come out tonight VB!
will email you it tomorrow
Nice work there for Weaver
Okay, I bombed my chemistry test...i think.
Keep up the good work a lot of people are following their dreams because of you, I am. Retweet? It'd mean a lot. Thanks, man.
Steak and Shake swag
“: #ConsciousCapitalism Why Do Women Who Want Change Agree With It?
Need more followers? FOLLOW they get you new followers in minutes!
let's make a deal :) I'll help you if you follow me :)?
It's been a crazy busy weekend. Lots of new posts to come this week...
You were first!? That's so awesome. Congrats
I honestly have not. #reebok, #addidas, #newbalance, many others, yes.
i love it too! I have it but only wore it once. I don't have the balls to wear it as often as i'd like :-( lol
I so need to be on your show...LOL
Lou Holtz is weird
they got this league games Tom, but let's do the damn thing weds
I was just hot and now im cold....
Everyone at school doesnt know what I go through . No one . Not even my best friend .
anyway to put a google gadget or netvibes widget on a page other than google or netvibes?
I find it incredibly strange that my two favorite singers in the whole, wide world share a birthday. Happy Birthday and !
Man auto correct really messes up my snoop dogg language
the figs? Only because Savers of the Universe is a little too wordy.
don't make fun of me because i'm real and you're fake.
Pro 3:7 Be not wise in thine own eyes: fear the LORD, and depart from evil.
My mom is so addicted to winning tickets from the radio she's won once again and she is too juiced....smh
Great day for SUP boarding!
Everyones got at least ONE plaid shirt they rock once and a while.
Lunch break
“It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.” <U+2015> Harry S. Truman
at the task force first public meeting in Martinsburg
The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be
Passing Bayonne, New Jersey. Thanks for nothing, you whore.
No you wont! Don't say that!
<U+200E>"Be yourself. Everyone else is already taken." - Oscar Wilde (I love stealing quotes :) )
I can't Make You Love Me, but it doesnt mean my heart wont still be set out for only you<3
On plane to MKE. Wanted to take pic of my former Atlanta airport hang: smoking room. Didn't have one on my concourse. Damn!
in the #final4 i will be pulling for.... west virginia?
lol ya I feel ya we have kids too damn little cock blockers!
In theology we seek the implications of a particular viewpoint for the whole theological system and aim for as much coherence as possible.
Well yes you did :)
WE WON THE OLYMPICS
Well, I suppose if you're dancing, stretching *is* warming up.
RT Hey followers, tell your followers that (Positive thinkers n conscious creators of their realities) exist. Follow now!
U in bro?? Is it true. God is good.
If Paul pierce wants an ejection on that foul he's an even bigger bitch than I thought
Another round of thank yous for the birthday wishes! You're all awesome!
I asked for mellow, but Everybody Hurts by REM is pushing it too far.
RT : amazing to be asked, time and again, what are your ideas for digital projects and how can we help?
Registration is boring as hell >:/ there barley calling # 212 and I'm # 269 this is bullshit >:/
Getting ready for day 3 of GLS and RezEd. Breakfast on the Terrace sure is a nice way to start the day.
Not really, hate rejection. Confidence is off lately.
Hey , its OMER. The PARTY starts 2nite @ MYHOUSE + a special event at KRESS Saturday. Want to come? Reply YES 4 details
Def going to see it this wk. <3 RT Speaking of which, my former Mania co workers get on it!
What should you give a man who has everything? A mute nymphomanic 18 year old girlfriend.
thank you! We're doing really well....life moves quickly but that's kind of expected w four kids! :) happy to hear from you!
If I can help one father or future father from making the mistakes I did, my tweets are successful.
Can't wait to hear about your trip!
some are real estate focussed but no, mainly general fun facts from New question every day.
RT : swimming is an amazing exercise before during and after pregnancy!
Just wanting to talk to Mr Farmer... But never answers his fucking phone! Lol
"by the power invested in me, I now pronounce you: deleted and blocked. You may now kiss my ass.."
FF# - respected networking group of female go-getters! Glad we were able to host their event this week at Cafe Japengo!
Bird's Nest - Herzog & De Meuron in China.
Can I add a item menu on my android phone?
After all is said and done, more is said than done. - Aesop
In West Philadelphia Born And Raised On The Playground Is Where I Spent Most Of My Days-
Very informative session on #PR measurement and #crisiscomm. Thanks , time to research the Barcelona Principles!
at least one was maced, two arrested (word on the street)
Just turned in all my stuff @ bestbuy. Excited about starting with Apple next week!
I miss your face.
New poll: Brian Krakow or Jordan Catalano?
RT Going to nashville next week to shoot a video, what a great town.
Hi Dana!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
": Don't let people that don't even know you, define you."
cant sleep gotta finish this beat!!
It's Official, Mad Anthony will perform at Taste of Cincinnati!
#YouDontBelongOnTwitterIf the only thing you ever tweet is retweet this and get 200 followers. It's freaking annoying. Stfu.
RT Did Canadian hockey team go too far? Ask AP's Greg Beacham during 30-minute chat, 3p EST/ 12p PST TODAY. Use
Which McCoy Jersey will you be sporting? Case or Colt!
The Curious Queso Benjamin Button
Today is the day! will be from 9-3 at union station. You can come and register for FREE throughout the whole day. Come network!
And competition in provision of games in most genres. In any event, it's a fascinating set of questions. Kal and I mention . .
Don't know what i'd do without music, I'd be getting ready in silence..
When the Steelers are doing this poorly, our house sounds like it has a bad case of Tourette's Syndrome.
Interesting licensing parallels and differences btw Claremont Coll & 5 colleges. Contiguous campuses & wealth seems to help argument.
lmao the world we live in
Happy Easter! May love and love ones surround you today.
Taco Wars!
Next year, hopefully. Any plans to come to NYC anytime soon?
Virgins(of age) shud b raped & forced to try sum drugs!so they can b brought down a few levels!& b in reality!!
twitter tryna tell me I am already following , don't you think I don't know what I've done in like 23 hrs of having a twitter
Q5)Curation can be used to point people in the right direction for what they need and the message that the org is trying to portray
"YES:-) : PSA: Mother's Day is 3 days away"
yes exactly! It's a very sad situation. The tribute yesterday was really beautiful and rightfully so. Her sons are both LEO's.
i </3 my stage nerves D8
had a blast chatting with you!!
Right. “: If a relationship can withstand putting up a Christmas tree, it can withstand anything. Right ?”
When something an affliction happens to you, you either let it defeat you, or you defeat it
are you going to sweetlife tomorrow?!
hahaha man it just finished. Good movie. The pictures were insane!!
#edchat #engchat researching effect of summer programs in urban areas esp n regards to reading initiatives suggestions of programs or ideas
Yeah, after being slammed for taking 2 PG's in a row, they now look like geniuses! take notice of the Wolfie LOVE!
DAM DIDINT KNOW IT HAD TO BE LIKE THAT
yep. Trying a vegan thing.
In a room full of hillbillies -.- haha
RT“ Alright, I'm done with this game. Just wait till some idiot wants to rep the Pacers at school. Oh boy.”
Q4 RedCross blood drive registration work and AIDS Walk (ATL) fundraising helped me perfect "elevator pitch."
"Advice is the only commodity on the market where the supply always exceeds the demand."
have compassion for your own mistakes
All 3 of my kids are making fun me for calling coupons cue-pons instead of coo-pons but I can't help it because I grew up hearing it wrong
On to discussing criteria for knee exams and when you decide to x-ray them.
Rondo. Playoff triple-double. Typical.
Funny how alot of you guys changed from a 'belieber' to 'directioner'
There will always be lesser or greater persons, do not compare. Enjoy your achievements.
CAN YOU PLEASE REPLY TO ME I LOVE YOU AND YOUR WORK AND I MIGHT BE ON DISNEY CHANNEL AND IM 12 BOUT TO BE 13 IN OCTERBER
what up!
TONIGHT AND do some fun bits based off of your date story at at 10pm, right after Opening Night!!
Opening for tonight at Don't miss this, these guys know how to throw a party!!
following your tweets! Follow us too!
hi gurrlll<3 we never talk.
"Love is Grand; Divorce is about 50 Grand" LOL #HowWouldIKnow?
#90sBack Immature use to be that shit.. NOT imx
It's a monsoon!
How many ways are there to make a rainbow? Paul counts the ways at the Exploratorium's Laser Exhibit, this Sunday (5/9/10) @ 5:30pm.
YOU GUYS! Is on a following spree!
omg he is such a bum, he complains about everything, he never shows up so basically the only people in the kitchen are Erik & I
i saw michael jackson's this is it 2 times. it was good. i love michael jackson
Style Starts on the Street. Thats why we are running an open T-shirt design contest. Sketch, Photo, digital, etc. Win $300 prize package
gut says celek but with my luck, finley will boom while on my bench. Ugh
Happy 1st day to ! Good luck at interview to ! Have a good week with your events !
#RememberWhen packs of bitches was faintin at Micheal Jackson's concerts all ova da world?..aint seen nun lik it since.
Just went swimming (:
DOES ANYONE KNOW WHY AUSTIN MAHONE IS MOVING TO MIAMI?!? AND FOR HOW LONG?!?!?! PLZ TWEET ME IF U KNOW:)
YSL Race in Beaver Creek tomorrow- come see the young Alpine Team tear it up!
Working on some of that home-made chili for tonight's freezer party. That's when you freeze your ASCII outside clearing the driveway of snow
Thanks for the mention!
When I Go Out, I Want To Go Out On A Chariot Of Fire
OR they could ground him, and keep him from being passed around like a lit blunt every weekend
yeah me too! so are u going to their #1girltour?
Chipotle is so expensive!
Your weekend plans include going to see The Avengers, right? Joss Whedon rocked it.
Tonight was fun, thanks so much Ft. Worth!!!
hmm they're all great but I really like more than this :) you?
you always give the best gifts!
Oh so that's how that works… ;) Signed up, sir.
Is it just me or does it seem like so many are getting cancer...
Adam x Eve not Amanda x Eve & Adam x Steve but who am I to judge only God judges he is our maker after all !!
Working on another web design. I think I should go to sleep soon. Anyone planning on attending the #TasteOfCincinnati this weekend? I am!
Thank you from everyone here and !!
What did I do?
But what KIND of wine? :)
I'm fucking insane. Depression is a bitch. Fuck life. I make everyone's life, that I meet, terrible. Their life was better without me.
Thanks for following!
Love you man, but pullin Diaz from that fight is bs. Condit/GSP is not a fight anyone wants to see. Another cakewalk for GSP ugh
Thanks I hope you're doing well!
#somepeopledon't express themselves freely and don't have the time to relax!
this slinthead just tried to "prank call" me and im so pissed.. its not even funny and how the fuck do these random ppl get my number?
I finally have the iphone4s!! What apps do I need?
yes! Let me know when :)
DatingChicagoland.com launches in 4 days! Reason #4 to join: As a DC member, attend our live speed dating events all around the Chicago area
Very cool! I love it when I spot fledgling librarians in the making. P.S. Hope journey back to the west coast was aok.
Lastly (for here) avg time on site for G+ is 3 min/month! Google will likely b more successful w their driverless car than a SNS.
my iphone says the low today will be 46. it also says it's 36 right now.
Thanks to for an awesome #SmallBizPgh #Twitterchat last night!
Destiny? Is that a mobile device?
just got off the phone.
Back-to-back fast food stops.
I workout! I'm sexii and I know it! XD good jam..
Good news: Chorizo wins the Sausage Race. Better news: His ACL looks fine.
When you say #Wisconsin, you've said it all!
Tuesday begins our week! Get in for #goodfoodlocal &
"Poor Minds Talk About People, Average Minds Talk About Events, Great Minds Talk About Ideas."
Thanks for the 1,000 follow
m....Trader Joe's pumpkin ice cream. Happy Halloween!
Emma Stone is such a cutie!
Baltimore Best Crabs says great day to eat Hot Steamed Crabs at COSTAS INN 4100 Northpoint Blvd. Baltimore, MD 21222
I can't, my phone's broken /: my mom's taking it to get fixed now. But I'll DM ya! :)
I'm not naive to the underground world of wrestling piracy. It is what it is.
What a phenomenal pass from Thornton behind the net. Pavelski shot, Elliot had no idea where it was but makes the save anyways.
To take the Shakespeare class or not to take the Shakespeare class...what do you think?
Oh, Such a good night.
Question of the day: Is there a power outage in my building or is my roommate drama far from over?
City College of SF sign on Ocean defaced with words "slit town". Racist, sexist, or both.
haha come man u could do it. Then we celebrate at slide bar.
Thank you for the RT!
thanks for the follow.
I hate this. How do you get help for someone who doesn't want it? I'm so worried about you!
i here ya. you should get some old games with Roenick and Belfour. something diff.
"democracy is our destiny" is the voice over while Amanda was getting gagged, drugged and kidnapped #scandal O-O...
have you heard... Barefoot Blue Jean Night - Jake Owen or If I Die Young - The Band Perry
Trying to avoid teachers at grocery stores >
If needed, I'm in.. ' The new worship project begins this week ... stay tuned, cause I'm gonna need everyone's help!'
Oh yes :) always busy on the weekends. What are you up to?
. No. I thought MIDDLE SCHOOL: THE WORST YEARS OF MY LIFE was absolutely robbed last year during award season. Robbed, I say.
Pure physical sensation,social status, sexual attraction, feeling like a winner are generally superficial,people hunger for them repeatedly
Laying in bed watching Malcolm X makes classics!!!
Time for Bucky to shine in Champaign
Although, vibrators are awesome too!
After everything, I can't believe I'm running back.
Man... tiredness is setting in now. I feel like going home and dreaming about a Panthers Cup win in 2013.
Driving through Edgewood and had to swerve to avoid a rooster that wandered into the street!
” listen, if I tell you a monkey can fly an airplane...you just clear the runway.”
Glad to hear it! RT : Loving this year!
and the logic Giovanni attempts to prove that verbing his sister is moral is jaw dropping....
hahaha oh hush upp. We have an odd family. Buut us two are the shit, so it don't matter
oh tired ass
now go out and make the world a better place ... through bicycling.
If it weren't for pharm companies, docs would have to buy their own post-its.
Please follow my friends - they are new here and need some twitter love!!
Im the only one who cleans around here 0_o kinda shit is that
": Like the Billy goat Capricorn can eat anything to survive"
Love watching that shit,that channel b showing some crazy bitchz to!
MTSU friends! Do both of your science classes have to have a lab component or just one of them?
Having beat block
Learning about my business: I don't like making custom orders that someone else designed. I don't like deadlines.
tel gabi said hello
#Feng Shui Sleeping Tip: Don't have a mirror facing your bed at the level where you can seel yourself from your resting position.
We feel the same about you, next time--> our husbands to meet- we are so blessed.()
I have seen it at some Target stores and health food stores as well.
dude your the racist hear shame on you hater group. Division of America only helps the Obama 2012 group.
Major headache
we should set something up for first week of june maybe? we can discuss this and much more! cc
did you notify all presenting companies for startupriot? Hadn't registered to attend yet as weren't sure of status.
Actually bummed that the 1st flr bathrooms at AFI have been remodeled. I liked the old skool
haha yep. Time to make the change.
Certain things can not be taught...
You are a mad, frequent RT'er. FYI...
. coming to see you show tonight. Any chance you're gonna be there?
You have so much Good inside You!
Ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass
See you & the fam this Sunday at Super Shopper! Free Bingo, keiki scavenger hunt, 1-day sale, entertainment by Judy’s Gang & PRIZES GALORE!
I thought she was a role model for young girls. But my students roll their eyes at Rihanna coz of the Chris Brown issue.
So far perfect in my NCAA brackets since I didn't make any picks.
no prob dude
Oh nice!!! That is awesome! I've always wanted to visit!
Do they still put toys in cereal boxes?
havent had another since the first time *knocks on wood*
Happy I get to see Will tomorrow :)
I dreamed that I met you lastnight. You agreed to take a picture with me and I immediately started crying. Wish it were real!
The woman is coming today!!! so excited
Keek! xcalistax if you have one follow me I follow back! :)
I bet the fan base is going crazy because Jack, Rian, and Alex are tweeting each other right now haha
Worth a Tweet: "Success isn’t about achieving something in the future, but about doing something right now that you love."
Gosh, help me,everyday I have my headphones to listen to music so I can block out this girls talking,I lost them,now I have to SUFFER.
i cnt wait til step practice after spring break! i miss it so much!
Tell us about your #vday outfit! Are you planning red, pink?
Sad: Gene Hackman hasn't made a movie since 2004. Sadder: that movie was Welcome to Mooseport.
Oh nice! I reviewed several voxboxes, this look like the best!
I should be able to get the file edited and sent to the group who do our iTunesU uploads early next week..
good Morning
Can't believe I woke up without being exhausted after only 3 hours of sleep. Let's see how long I make it before I completely crash & burn.
#youmightbeanautismparentif you know how much your kid, and many like your kid, brighten the world.
while Pittsburgh may not offer an ideal climate year round, at least we don't have to worry about Irene
Ha for sure. No pictures yet, sorry to disappoint -but soon!
It's potato vodka. Chopin, glass, ice & a big fat lemon twist.
Ah I loved on #MalibuShores!!!!
Everyone in the #BBN, follow so he get 100 or more followers.
mane g-thang cut my hair, i needa refer some of these, "Dope selling" niggas to my dog, 20$ and 10 minutes of his time, dats all
And he might die for that. Oh, wait ......
I wasted so much time on treadmills when urban pavement pounding brings out my true passion for running.
Yeah that one was hard to miss.
same but im more nkotb and bsb hot damn haha
“: get a patriots one!!!!!” I will NEVER surrender! :)
Lmaooooooo. can you spell long $#@& ?
shorter the better. You'll pay essentially half of what you would on 10 then 30 over life of it. Chew on that
Can You Please Follow Back That Would Really Make My Day <3
Who lives in portland and wants to see Roshon Fegan in concert? Send me your email here on twitter & I will hook you up with the details!
Just recorded 3 new songs....it's nothing like having your own shit. I'm on my own time! Hit me up for collabs!
Over/Under on # of weeks before we see "Evra to MLS" rumors surface: 8. If I'm an MLS club I don't touch him: declining fast + bad attitude.
Quitting my job was the best thing I could have done. I actually have time to think now.
Now my brackets really fucked haha
another week of crappy therapy.. :-/
RT : A GOOD WOMAN can make you happy when nothing else can.
you both have an amazing day! Thank you for being such great people.
Extremely excited and nervous about tonight
It is- but Charlotte is 78 and sunny right now. Smart move on my part if I do say so myself.
As someone who has Jamaal Charles as a fantasy football keeper of course I'm lobbying for Peyton to go to KC next year
Off to Liberty Station in Point Loma to help out the GamerCon booth at San Diego's annual Asian Cultural Festival
ITS SO HOT. IN THAT. GARAGE.
New blog post coming later today!!! I know I know it's been forever!!!!
Its spring break and I woke up too early! WTF :(
Is now connected to a snow shovel.
Good news! Window signs & bumper stickers are in!
commercials always make me tear up. Why are some ppl so cruel and hurt animals the way they do?!?
anyone else think Orlandito should have softened up Martin's body more, like with left hooks?
I'm only focused on my education & maintaining my lifestyles of pay rent and bills
& are at Metropolitan Ministries this evening delivering new shoes to 211 deserving pairs of feet.
“: I wish I would wake up tomorrow and have the cutest text message waiting for me to read. #Perfection”
Ah! Tim-Tams are classics! Much love from Australia :) x
1st band at Japan Nite w harder workin than most I've seen at #sxsw. Bullhorns, audience participation, "Thriller" dance. We.
When did giving yourself compliments become commonplace? Half of the nice things you say about yourself are vain unless OTHERS say it.
Can you give some vikings news???
Motivations: media images, desire to give, human connection, sense of duty, generational education
Hi this user is making terrible rumors about you... IDC AND BTW FCK YOUR #MOTHER !
"Senior leadership in championing agency-wide collaboration is needed" Nora Gaber
Manning threw with Eric Decker and Julius Thomas today. Center JD Walton was also at the informal workout thanks
NOW FOLLOWING BACK N THANX!!!
Yes I can.
Completed form two days ago. Can't DM w/out follow.
Today is just another day to all the REAL mother's that take care of their Lil one(s) 25/8!!!!!
lol wiz got busted for less than a half ounce... i was expecting this nigga to get caught with at least a Qp
Simmons : as health foundation, think of social determinants of health outcomes...so as not to frame negatively, Forward Promise = name
Let's go #Hawks!! Wish I was at this game.
You're welcome Stephanie. Thank you for the follow. I have followed you back. Big Hugs returned! : ) XOXOXO
Graduation is in 4 days ^_^ , I'm so excited , and I just can't hide it . Lol #Lame .
Ah my mom was watching this!!! Love it. Hope I'm never on it though...
Wakin up a lil late!! Lots to do today Gotta get my baby ready to go and then taking off to Mathis! All before 4! = /
not happening though. Just wishful thinking
RT : Pls RT Midnight and Holding #shortstories “The stories were fun & thought provoking & touching (the suit!). Thank-you!”...
Using a booktruck as a movable workstation for a processing project is possibly the best idea I've ever had.
you rock
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 39
JP is such a freaking ass!!
where where where?!?:)
Thanks for having us! Check your email inbox.
I'm on your side kid... they write a release and just drop the name in if/when the pick is made...
You can thank !
Exausted! I thought working out was to suppose give you energy ... No it just makes me ready to go to sleep!
Now I'm hung up in suspense, Because you're bringing me in and then you're kicking me out again<U+2665>);.I wish you were mine agian);
But, on the real, where the hell am i supposed to meet some cool ass dudes?!
Waking up still drunk is the worst when you know you have 5 hours at the studio today :(.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to my fellow gamer mommys! we are the shit! n any1 else i missed
I highly recommend it! It's hard but totally worth it!! Miss you Chica!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
going to see the Avengers in one hour and 36 minutes.
RT : Sunglasses allow you to look at people without getting caught. It's like Facebook in real life.
I want a jelly doughnut. I think tomorrow I'll get a dozen.
Ryan won a 2012 Better #Workplace Award in the #Innovative Benefits and Compensation category from !
"movie" no. movies, maybe. So much going on in each book and the character development would take 99% of the movie
Life is just a bitch but you know you gotta love her
My cheeks <
Too serious of a conversion to be having while chatting on skype and looking at each other but not talking...
I bet she don't care
RIP Amy Winehouse
Hey Jeff, do you have a program that you use to queue your tweets and post on a schedule?
I care;I'm Concerned: I'm Curious! A principal who manages by walk around 30 mins daily can better begin adaptive/hard conversations
"He marched into the jaws of death every day in Birmingham"--Andrew Young on Fred Shuttlesworth's bravery during the civil rights movement
First chapter starts out so strong! 'Can't wait to buy it and read!
wish it was lol.
Good times tonight on The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz! Thanks to our guests & thanks for listening!
Sure did. If that o-line could get it together they'd be scary...
HA HA HA HA.. you can wash the sheets later
yes!(: now I'm patiently waiting for chapter 3 of the other story ;D
RIP Mike Wallace
why didn't you support the medical marijuana task force original recommendations? Why make disabled people's goto industria ...
Bodybuilding in addition to Plant based Hgh
vampire porn for girls, no thanks.
that was a pretty game, congrats to you and your boys
Absolutely not!!RT : Anyone else flipping between The Daytona 500 and "The Bachelor" tonight?
Josh Hamilton's line score: 5 for 5, 4 Home Run, 8 RBIs. Holy. Cow. That's a good night's work.
The Yotes are Movin ON to the next Round
If you try to talk to me about work shit, I will end you. I am at the motherfucking beach.
Bob Dylan. Presidential Medal of Freedom. Nice news to end a long day :)
Gettin up in 3.5 hours for the #MissTexas album cover shoot
its going pretty good. I'm not even that tired, if at all.
Aw shucks. You know I blush easily!! Love you too sis.
its probably because they see you as both strong and feminine, which is challenge and provides attractive polarity
Mad Men...2 hour episode, 1 hour of show and 1 hour of commercials.
I'm looking more for reference works, like most of the books in the Mitchell Beazley library. Appreciate your help.
Can't get over The Help. It was heartwarming.
Tell Mrs. Miceli Happy Mothers from all us ICONiacz! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9>We love her<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
I'm gonna miss an organist willing to play from Watch The Throne, though.
because that's the best time to eat it!
Don't be bashful - what do you like about your Communications service provider?
really got schooled on I almost felt sorry for him as he tried to crawl away from the fact that 999 screws 99%.
look at the storagectl and storageattach
I never going to say again I'm just going to Keep it to myself
Im bored at home.. online.. and not sleepy lol..
When you're ready, just say you're ready. When all the baggage just ain't as heavy . .
It's already been a month. <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
EVERYBODY GOT THE ADDRESS 2 THE #HALLOWEEN PARTY. 2NIGHT??????
What has been going on down there?! RT : Glad I'm not at school right now!
haha whats wrong with the puss-repellent?
Guys, that's just scary. Sweet and well intentioned, but scary.
On page 16 of Frank Deford's new memoir, "Over Time." He just referred to blogs and stats as "the pole dancing of sports journalism."
When old men hit on you at work<<<<
UK/Canadian Spartan "Simon Thunder the Rock -n- Roll Savior" is enjoying Montreal&New England; there is lovely scenery&people.Next week Nyc!
To Make Sure Its Secure! Lol
Let the eBook talks begin
Black Irish? I thought you were MoT. (Or is this like a Slim Shady / Sasha Fierce persona thing?)
What's Jerry's excuse this year?
Thanks for the recommendation, I'm reading it now
Gotta say, I do not recommend watching the Zombie Loan anime series. Z...
I would do some pretty raunchy shit for some vapor rub right now. -.-
Awesome. Thanks for the suggestion!
Tailgating again.... anybody up for 60ish and bluemound tonight
Merry Christmas to you all! Please remember the less fortunate out there
Dont like that one
Thanks for the RT!
Watching "Casa de mi Padre" was like listening to some of the guys I worked with for an hour and a half. , n'est pas?
Today is the last day of my paleography seminar. *sniffle*
Where are you from, my family is from Guyana
Pretty sure when I'm up reading twitter at 4a ur up too. Insomnia much?
Starting today, through the end of March, enter "MarchMadness" at checkout for 15% off of your Epicurean Lite orders!
Speaking of love handles, I'm enjoying a Sculpin IPA and fish tacos after a long day of teaching.
I'd say break a leg, but might do it again... so instead, ENJOY! :) Miss you guys.
I tired explaining the typewriter vs. computer difference, but what the professor says must be always true, apparently.
You know what this dankmustache girl actually looks cute but I can't even send that girl to buy me a forty for forty friday!!!!!
Me too
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date.
We have some great art pieces the store!!!
you can if you're willing to convert an entire pt10 session to pt9
This time of the year is the best time to get out and about and work on your fitness. I know I am! What's your fave way to stay in shape?
Im single too :)
I need a drink these people are on my last nerve hurry up and move out already
so you're telling me that to get a giant rock I needed to spend three years at the shore and not law school? #sadreality #whyamInotItalian?
you have written 3rd and 4the harmony parts to all nick and sa harmonies :)
If Rondo is suspended for one game I will cry
im following u now (: follow back ? =>.<= and <3 Asking Alexandria !!! :D
Open gyms #psyched bout to put it in their mouth
those are good jobs of course , I think my brothers friend job is military police lol haha .
I never said shit about you why you have to start crap with me?
Your 35 dating a 18 year old? Why??????
S/O to my new follower looking super cool
I'm not sure what that means...
Whoa, don't look now but Pujols has a multi-hit game.
listens to new Dylan album and gets into character by eating date-anise scone
everything came to them all at once
“Thanks for inviting me to lunch and for allowing the check to remain on the table, untouched for an uncomfortably long period of time.”
Beautiful Soul is playing on the radio... and I'm loving it
Water runs dry>>>
omg. I take back posting that song now! </3 D:
CA DMV surprised me with their efficiency. If you make appointments you can skip so many lines.
RSVP: Content House
In better news, getting my hair chopped and ~naturalized~ in the morning. Before (nappy) and after (spiral curls / natural) PIX to follow.
I am so happy/relieved this morning. I just got official approval on my dissertation proposal from the University of Denver. 75% done now.
got any .net developers with some free time? cool project
Posted Beethoven's tempest 3 on youtube, check it out
so are you gonna be a stuntfest next weekend punk?
omg. i am always craving paseo. i could go for that right about now! :)
Any colleagues at #alamw12 want to do dinner tonight? Tweet back dm!
Someone explain to me why Jordan Hill is getting so many minutes tonight.
any news on the video?
I just know these things!
so now we're on the same panel tomorrow. eek. scrambling to prepare!
This is not my day.
Absolutely. If they didn't work out, then they didn't work out.
Holy shit. That was a close call.
If it'll save time later, do it now
let's make it happen
haha, you like the new wheels, bro. I'm getting a green glitter weed leaf pattern embossed next week.
The gym is killing me. My new creatine DI-NOX is giving me so much energy I can't stop working out lol
can we talk about how ARGO looks spectacular? Ben Affleck really is becoming a fantastic director.
thanks, girlfriend! you are too sweet :)
Let's see if either Cole or Lawler acknowledges that Orton punted Jericho in the head back in 2010. Given WWE logic, they won't.
#Clippers are going to win this game. Book it.
Twitter is
thank you for the follow! Can't wait to check out your mag!
I can't deal with this thunder and lightning.
MARCY!!!! did you sign up for Ohio?
I love you!:) and of course that I'm gonna LOVE #LisaGoesGaga episode !!:)
good luck with the move!
finished coloring my issue of popeye... this thing is finally done.
The Lord is just so dang good
Thanks for the RT!
I’ll tell you what’s all bark and no bite: trees.
her first book. so excited for her.
are you as excited as for chicago haha? :D
it's my favorite show
is what you do instead of calling me back?
...why does 'kobo recommends' show me books in other languages, textbooks on mental illness, and self-pub crap?
You're right, because rt'ing him will make him relevant and that'll never happen. Let him stay irrelevant.
What are you reading today?
gotta call you !
Thanks Jennifer! Had a lot of fun!!! hope you are doing well...spent the weekend with Tim & Lisa. Timmy's birthday...
man i bet, i could barely do when i did it
I don't want to be everything to everyone. I just want to be something to someone </3
Thanks for the mention.
Ah! The 20 degree wind just totally gave me the cold shoulder! So rude..
RT : #TNI is all about Altitude this week! Are you a expert on heights? Then we want YOU to host! DM for details.
Sorry that we book up so fast! If you do want to be an extra we'd love to see you. :-D
Observations - dude on the bungee cord was tight. Cee Lo from Goodie Mob to Madonna and SuperBowl. Madge is still a player.
I'm sold.
Walking to Occidental Park to start
Sometimes I think boys don't pay attention to me because well .... I'm a
That is wonderful congratulations
RT These are not the droids you're looking for, per se
does anybody know who won the pla presidential election?
okay fellow #madmen fiend I missed Sunday we had no power. Where is the best place to watch to catch up?
expr. train would be nice for cyclists & brilliant for non-cyclists. Also: anyone selling food at the finish would clean up
Tweet me who you think should win #americasnexttopmodel!
FINALLY watching #thehelp. I am excited to see it!!
#Imagine You're walking around London. Your daughter:''My feet are hurtin!'' Liam lifts her up and carries her with him.
I swear i hate when he act like a bitch. Man up, grow some balls and get ur underwear out ur ass. Smfh!
Hey #boogs dont worry. Trooper taylor still has his hat on backwards and his towel is still twirling. So....thats good right?
Sharpy gets 639480274781 thousand bonus points
I hate washing dishes got cut by a glass looking for
Like Kevin Garnett: ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE!!!!
UM, how are still at the office?
Wild mikkkess tomorrow night >>
future career: coresponder. a traveling poparatzi.
The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus - You Guardian Angel >>>>
is glad he didn't have to treat any injuries at last nights #soccer game. Sports injuries are no-joke. Get them taken care of!
We have some slots open currently for any students interested in having their own show :) Let us know if you are!
Just wanted to say Good Bye to DICK CLARK you will always be remembered.
I'm still just waiting for an answer... Yyykss my nerves are jumppppyyy
NO EFFING WAY. Greatest end to a season I can remember
RT : Clue # 2: "Model citizen, zero discipline" - RT & name that tune from GH: Van Halen for a chance to win! Panama
The democracy will cease to exist when you take away from those who are willing to work and give to those who would not. ~Thomas Jefferson
Next month, around this time, will Christmas vacation! #hype :^)
My dude mane
RT : RT : My wife and kids is one of the funniest family shows ever!!!!!>>>#definitely <<AGREED!
Bases loaded for #Gators, pitching change for Mississippi State.
- I'm thinking more so #StanleyTools sponsoring a "Stanley Cup Trophy Tour, etc" - not actually brand the Cup
RT : Sending #FF love to an excellent org that has been so welcoming to me in my new role as Youth...
Earphones in... volume up - world out.
thanks for the follow, we're #Hiring in Minnesota and Wisconsin
Good morning tweeps
Super excited for 's tenure celebration dinner at with and
I am NOT getting sick. I am NOT getting sick. I am NOT getting sick. I am NOT getting sick. I am NOT getting sick. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
just watched a CSI Miami episode about child abuse... Child abusers are lower than dirt. Join the fight to stop them Follow
Yes. Though I prefer titles like "Independent Renaissance Nerd." I'm all for your ideal of "continue learning, no matter what."
Discussion on the modern mass reproduction of #JimCrow signs as a form of memory reproduction and historical rendering.
I wanna know what it's like to be kissed in the pouring rain.
Who wants my 2,000th tweet?!?!
I'm freezing
aww those are beautiful:) lucky!
,,YEAH Team Jesus was there,,i seen You in the spot,,,lets go
not odd its all chemicals
I hate the redsox as much as anyone and I'm about done with the ads from last years game
eBay is a great place for serial killers to get rid of their murder weapons
Hahaha. He does look rather lion-y lately RT : Ricky on himself: "He looks like a lion who went on a bender and then sat on a stoop."
MacKaye, not the other spelling.
AWESOME and good for you. You deserve it!
No one's called it Columbus ephemera before, love it.
Holy shit. 1,600 followers? You people do know i'm an asshole, right? Anyway, thanks, don't be afraid to ask me for a ReTweet.
they are playing 's James Franco opening at Nationals Ball Park!
i don't even know how to make tea, this is going to be a disaster
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
hahaha!Who do I like?! omg don't even ask me that question! Imma call you!
Two little Yorkie mixes. Their owner thought we were goin to rape her since it was 2 black people at 1230
My day is looking like a #Circus. I need to get #InTheZone. Guess I need some jams.
Every new idea is an old idea. - Just ordered Imagine by Jonah Lehrer. It'll be the first book I read after the thesis. Can't wait. :3
Thanks for another RT!
Let me take my ass to the gym.
Time is literally just dragging on right now. Text me?
that's a lot to consider. Quakers have 3 guides for speaking to the service: Is it from God? Is it for all? Is it to be said now?
bahahah!!!!!!!! thats an awesome site. i might have to use some of this shit
My phone act up more than anything
Our coverage from #Syria continues....
Thanks again!!!!!!
glad to be back in bigD missing #SASF11 and
Gun killed Josh judged "completely legal." 2nd who picked up/went off judged "accident". All believe acted "responsible."
I had a blast with you beautiful ladies!!
Hey! Have a good sleep? <3
The random "nisa, i love you" from my brothers >>>> #dontwannaleavethem :-(
LMFAO - I'm sexy and I know it! Ah aha ah ah aha girl look at that body! Love it !m
r rlly freaking out about not getting tix to see you guys in May so can u, try to cheer them up?
Watchin "Don't trip he aint through with me yet!" On #centric has 3 generations in tears....
I don't care who shw was dating!!! We lost a legend! And... Her family need our prayer!
National proposal to hold a #UnitedGA on the 17th of every month 2 vote on the same issues, at the same synchronized time. What do u think?
Been stuck on I 75 for going on 4 hours and haven't even gone 10 miles.
Thanks, I'll check it out!
Writing a screenplay is like combing out very tangled hair. Brush through a little at a time, untangle, look at it, comb some more.
Can't wait until this weekend so I can begin working on my wood floors.
#Quote: By employing different strategies of exploration new discoveries are made. ~ JM
thanks! I'm very excited about the new options from So unique!
mom didn't wanna tell you..
Tonight at ten on , a mother is in custody and her 19-month old son is dead. But so far, no one has been charged with his death.
lunch date next week?
One of my favorite meals. RaisinBran and strawberries!
Sign me up! RT: : Did you know? When you subscribe to the SA Business Journal you receive a complimentary Blue Star Membership!
Yes, I'm fine. I'm staying busy with my business. Do you have a business, or a job?
Experienced, quality #educator, #tutor for hire. See my LinkedIn profile. Serious inquiries only.
That looks like a spring training game held at a home park just before the seasons starts.
Jesus said A LOT about being #greedy but nothing about being gay. Yet 'Christian' Pastors bash gay people while us asking for money. #WTF?!
Friend or foe? You just will never know..
Cruise Ship Jobs for Musicians, Bands, and other Performers! Not interested? Refer a friend for $$! www.MOneStudios.com
A BIG #FollowFriday shout-out to our #USC newspaper >> #FF | Make them win the Twitter Follower #Contest against the UCLA.
if newspapers began to falter in the 70s, why? television? that would suggest PC's and the 'net were just more failures of response.
About time 2k fixed the online associations
Check out our new photos from the Talent Farm! We have a HUGE announcement coming in two weeks!!!!
When you sleep I hope you're sleeping sound
Good Time Max
You can't expect someone else to like you when you don't even like yourself.
re: Wuppertal, see "Alice in the Cities," early Wenders, if you haven't. More great upside-down tram.
i sent you a link to an uptempo song...i need to search my archives again and see if I can find the mp3...
Thanks! Sorry I couldn't meet you this morning. Looking forward to watching the recording of your session.
a few days
Agreed. I'm especially partial to Thickfreakness.
I love ron pope his music just soothes me
I'll be at the sizzler celebrating MJs bday if you want some grub.
Sorry, sweeties! Our canning project w/ is SOLD OUT! We'll miss you of course...consider hanging w/ us in May!
INVESTORS DOES YOUR AGENTS OFFER YOU DEEP DISCOUNTS ON COMM, ESCROW AND TITLE, I CAN AND DO
the movie aint tall that,watch it yesterday at the falls but imma give it a B+
Sigh RT : Wash Post/ABC poll: 76% of Americans believe we are still in a recession, 21% believe recession is over.
RT : #Seattle will be sponsoring an event for about #HealthIT. We would love to see you there! -...
UK FINALLY WINS VS THE UGLY ORANGES
i used to dress like a punk, in 7th grade like i had the haircut, the piercings clothes..everything i was a #hottopic addict ~
Just finalized the arrangements for a show on April 26! I'll announce the venue, time and other details tomorrow!
Bottle of goose still never opened lol
yea that does lol
hey lady
a nap!?? wtf! hahaha! DRIVETHRU!!! ;) pick me up some tacos! ;)
“There must be more to life than having everything.” MT : Maurice Sendak, Author of ‘Where the Wild Things Are,’ Dies at 83
Tell your moms happy mothers day! RT : Happy mothersday to all my niggas moms wordup cuh
You gotta live for today so tomarow will come and you get to do it again Get in shape it's life changing go to the gym i'm motavating myself
Do you only talk about the when you can complain about them losing?
yeah ima admit I said yeah in my head
Its a beautiful Orlando day and Im actually stuck IN a school:/ Two more years.....
Greys Anatomy:Why did Alex just call April "Apes"?
woah. the oranges in there look rad.
I love paying thousands of dollars to attend a university, yet I'm being taught via #PBS documentaries.
Captain America T-shirt <U+E00E>
what happened to Vimeo?!?
#WH reaction to S&P #downgrade makes WH look responsible. Why didn't catching math error help? No one likes a smarty pants.
Props for behavioral targeting me like woah after a site visit... I wanna buy something each time I see a new ad pop up! :)
Every successful person has had failures but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success
What's a "bonus mom" ?!
I learned alot !! Jesus loves me and stuff!
Another notch under my belt.
: I thought it was amazing! You were so right! I think its gonna be a really great show!That girl is fantastic
that is my second than home
hello andrea
Lighters up at the Intlib singalong.
i followed you can you follow me back please??:)
a little of both :(
Great day for a walk in the park.
I should've time managed more, essay, 32 lit terms and this science project all due tomorrow.
hahaha and I just confirmed that has never happened to us on a Sunday morning
that's trilla my Killa. Thx for the thx! Be sure to retweet everything I say and like all my links on other sites
lmao my patience <
Clearly this tweet is not meant for RT If your boobs are big, plump and perky I hope your day is going awesome
Got chased by a dog back home that's the fastest I will ever run In my life lol
:/ but I want cake tho and pizza and rice and ice cream :'(
damn ok I got u
Everyone follow
miss you both. And yes... girls night BADLY needed. SOON!!!
get we dun. Mommy knows. What's up
LOL! Luck of the draw! Maybe image too big for my phone.
"An arrow can only be shot by pulling it backwards."
Haven't said this much through five games, but Teague played out of control in the lane
3..2..1… until the media wastes another two weeks speculating whether or not Sarah Palin will run. Then can we talk about real issues?
Did you get rid of your facebook?
the miz is the best!!!
*rubs forehead twice*
Did you see the "Frank Sinatra's sex drive is powered by Wheaties" late '50s link I tweeted last night?
I'm so glad Kesha didn't pay for that trip lol
I must be someone great in God for the obstacles are great on every side, but I trust GOD!
how are you? I missed you!
Even better! RTs show you really care.
Wink at me, and I'm yours.
just admit it, we have all been bored at some point that we try to trick the mirror so that we can look at the back of our head
see...a fat guy like me knowsthey arent ego waffles, but EGGO....
operations management is dumb
Damn I'm out of milk
should be here for this Gospel Ensemble Anniversary...
Absolutely crazy day w but no cell service and way too many hs kids.
me too :P
A second number for evacuees #LowerNorthForkFire If 720-454-4968 is busy evacuees can call 303-271-4930 for appt to be escorted to property
Thanks for the follow. Lets get something going!
Show me how much skill you have, suck my dick while doing a handstand....blow my mind girl
Other than playing Mega Millions, what is everyone's plan for this weekend in the Twin Cities?!
I'm good, thanks for your concern Mr. Young! Hope you're well too.
I'm listening to Hips Don't Lie. There isn't anything new that I already haven't heard out, so I'm just going through past
whole feeling of ishiness there, never want to be banished to the 'other pink crt', like I can't play on a real crt.
yea yea yea I don't wanna hear it lol
What happened?:( (creepy stalker getting into your personal life)(:
Laptop is having domain issues (prob related to new one being built), and I am due on a WebEx. Lucky I have my trusty iPad! App works great
Braylon Edwards to Bengals? Awesome! We can watch him drop passes in CLE again!
im in da 219 this week..
Hey :) LOL You said Laurinaitis was going to be his opponent? Haha. You're a genius! That choice was nowhere in my thoughts xD
Putting my song up on tomorrow...I can't believe I'm getting all this attention from 2:44 seconds of my music...
RT " Time is of the essence right now .. #RushMode" ...Same here! Every moment counts!
she doesnt even care that she's seeing me ;P
shit -___- assuming by the names i thought they was chicks, fucking patron tequila made me look like and idiot
- how's the food Vijay?
What does"LLN" even mean?!?
That's what someone just DMed me. That's horrible.
they both look good glad to see you're reaching for extra eyes! peeps have been staring at both for too long.
What the hell kind of name is Topanga?
Yes, teach them young, like children.
wake Yo but up punk lol
Brett Favre vs. Peyton Manning would help drive one of the most watched Super Bowl ratinigs ever & surpass the playoff sucess to date
Thanks for tuning in, jkkeller!
Let's Go Jets!
I KNOW. I SAW THEM IN YOUR BAG ON OUR HONEYMOON
werddd! Lmao who's group are you in? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
thanks for the follow-have a super weekend!
oh okay lol thts FUNNY!!! ill try my best <3
Great news, but where's the link to download the new apps? I only found the link for the iPhone app...
Int new boots came in the mail today <U+E106>
Tomorrow is the big day! "Merlot Play Time" at with : 7:30PM. Hope to see everybody who RSVP'd!
Just walk away man, walk away.
Well done on your video, sir! Keep up the good work! If you need a hand, don't hesitate to ask!
I don't even like the Broncos, I just hate the Steelers.
Thanks for the RT We hope to see you soon!
hahaha Nice, Matt. What on earth are you talking about?
Before you craft your message, or figure out your product or services, you should know your WHO
I wish I could just erase you from my life. Things would be so much easier .
Holy ricotta meatballs ... though awake, have not yet come out of my food coma.
we are diving for three days this weekend. save your money and come here for dema in nov. We are taking alot of people diving.
Amazon is still suggesting stuffed red pandas to me from a searching spree I did a few months ago. Wants one.
#EFCSRchat thanks for hosting this chat!
“: Congrats to for receiving a scholarship! #ScrippsBanquet” thanks :)
Don't get me wrong, I'll never stop making art. I'll always have tremendous passion for art. I think I'm just getting...
Welcome to Twitter FINALLY! #sandiego #wine >> Thanks, had our heads down making wine. ready to share now ;)
Hackers seem to be the new pirates
Getting ready to make 20 lbs of real home made apple smoked pepper bacon. Get in line now it goes incredibly fast!
Will Smith Iz By Far Da Best Rapper Who Doesnt Use Profanity. Im Not Sayin He'z Da Best Rapper Eva But He Da Best Who Doesnt Curse.
I hear what you're saying but he can't remain vague-or worse denounce it. No doubt his hand has been forced re #Biden &
note to self : do not email Afrobella!!
Sleep is for people with no internet.
You rock! Keep tweeting, my favorite college basketball junkie and #Jay #Bilas hater!!
In Woods Hole with the EOL team at the Marine Biological Laboratory all week - and yes, the weather is glorious.
Thanks for your kind words... =D
Hey. Call me
nice! I went to #ntcamp this past Sat in Philadelphia. I'm pretty sure there are ppl who have done internal ones for inservice
also the holograms on the card mesmerize cashiers, which is always useful
Best part of a killer workout is the pain you feel the next day... The worst part of a killer workout is the pain you feel next day.
Central Union Mission is the city's oldest non-profit providing these types of shelter services to the homeless.
I can never get to school on time!
LEBRONS A BASTARD THEY GOIN CRAZY IN CLEVELAND
Cataloging Palin's memoir "Going Rogue" and thinking of subject headings. How about "Rogues and vagabonds--Alaska--Biography"?
Barkley: "If you locked DeAndre Jordan in a gym overnight & told him he couldn't dunk, you'd have 6 points in the morning."
Twitter is kinda confusing..
Truth! RT Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up ~ T. Edison
both are up there. Nod to the Clips for being on the road and down 24 with 8:00 to go?
its not the first time they did this ! they did it when my sister was in highschool 1O years ago . they were off for 2 weeks
so what part of the Apple r u from?
I like nice things so it's back to work now = )
He's coming to my library systems music and book festival! Can't wait!!!
um hm um hm!....trippy?
“: I bet the best thing about being a Ginger is that you can be 100% sure that none of your ancestors were black.”
“: RT #ThatAwkMoment when #UC fans actually thought they had a chance. #buckeyenation"
#SNL "Fox and Friends" Parody. Funny and most truthful episode F&F I've seen.
Lagos drivers are freaking me out! :(
of course!
Pics coming??? :-) RT : Just home from #GUBA , it was such a blast!
I learn off of other people's mistakes more than I learn from my own.
Whats next? Is the #GOP going to strip women of ability to go to college and vote? Is that the next step in #WarOnWomen ???
Thank you for the RT on my book review.
It's definitely a craft -- an acquirable skill. The quickest path to wordsmithery is lots & lots of reading -- & lots of writing, too.
Who dat not goin to the Super Bowl?
I need to find some productive to do
You are absolutely right. I asked for it- I wouldn't say I frequent the Note, but I am a man about town. It's inevitable...
Cougar Challenge 5k my time was officially 23:55 and I was 17th.
Yo Breath Ah Muthafucca It Suppose To Stay Smelling Right Especially When Ya Got Ah Hoe Wiff Money Thats What She Like Lol
Racked up shawty
Do it Now
one hour to showtime , no tweets yet?
A law that made it illegal to lie about military medals has just been overturned. Also, my resumé just got interesting.
that's ok son, next time, find me some latina whoors.
lol ibsodnt edit nothin? Meredith was hittin stop and record.. Thats why its all over the place
The early bird catches the Egg McMuffin! This Friday RT for a chance to win 2 free Egg McMuffins! Stay tuned!
Burgers :D
Can't sleep should of never took that nap
God bless the child that hold his own god bless the woman that hold patron god bless her friend that drove us home...
yes we are reading farenheit 451 and I hate my teacher and it's boring as hell so I was trying so hard not to fall asleep
has two federal paid health care plans but you cant have one
i need them detailss
Noah has his hair in a bun for National TV game with Heat.
Thanks for the LIKE Amy Girdley Clarkson. Hope you LIKE your new ezwalkers®
To me you just a bummy chick ~
thinks he is hilarious.
#ThingsIDidOverTheSummer got engaged to my high school sweetheart
Will do homie....I'm flying wit cha!
“: #ABoyfriendShouldAlways thank his girlfriend for coming to his games. #BaseballGrlfrnd”
Happy Late Tanning Mothers' Day. May your skin be doo-doo brown and feel like leather.
Adam what is wrong with your hair, lol
Sometimes I wish I was a dog
Hi,I'm a neophyte New Orleanian that's been here 37 seconds.I have all the answers how to fix #NOLA cause I'm good at stuff.
The British soldiers are rowing from Charlestown Point to the Lechmere’ s point. About 500 in troops total.
I wish there was a way in Outlook to decline a mtg but still have it appear in my calendar as "free" time so i could always reference it.
agreed! Can't wait to get rolling. Thanks brother
Saying goodbye to my son and his wifethis morning at 4:00. Safe journeys and tailwinds through life, Travel well my friend.
The best proof of love is trust.
Sorry if you took my kindness as flirting.
always wondered how men were more prone 2 suicide than women.. but sometimes i understand where they r comn frm.. not saying im susceptible
i'm trying not to, but it's tough. LA is better than Chicago at this point for me, but it's still frustrating.
Hot as hell an ii got practice smh
Willie Nelson song was jamming
so glad to end this day #asap. couldn't be any more serious.
This breaking dawn part 1 ad on Pandora is a joke.
Up against Bob Rogucki this wk in the coaches fantasy league finals. Tried to get Yahoo to sub my 2 RBs for WRs...they didn't bite.
the "Thin" briefcase?
oh me god!!!!!! Go watch new cover!!!!!! It's amazing ah you'll totally be a fan afterwords!
Who wants to call me? Dm your number..
you better cook that grilled cheese longer brah
I am an Aztec for life. Go Aztecs!
you watch Illinois games live but watch Badgers and Packers games on delay?
Did you have a blast at Prada last night? It sure seemed like you did.
Raise a toast of non-alcoholic cider to Andrew Haswell Green's memory on Saturday, November 12th! Stay tuned for details...
70% of voters in SC used the internet as primary source for information about the presidential primary according 2 google
i tried it in explorer got same errors.I wrote "fill in the blank" for each blank spot-that's not it
It takes a great deal of courage to stand alone. Can you?
Sigur Ros and At the Drive In here :) can't wait!
Listening to play PIANO! Quite Nice~
agreed. Text messages are short and to the point lol
let's drink!
I remember these days...:)
European audiences LOVE to hear American
Biggest feat today was not crying at the gym when #bones had the baby. let's discuss.
Scumbag : Oh, you have time to watch hockey for the first time in 2 weeks? NO GAMES SCHEDULED.
RT : Do the thing you fear to do and keep on doing it.. that is the quickest and surest way ever yet discovered to conquer fear
I want to correct myself!! Ag-Ed instead of Vo-Ag! Old habits are sometimes hard to break!
Someone should tell that person something to help them out... but it's not going to be me lol
hope you're enjoying the desert! Frigid here - may I suggest a welcome-back drink when you return?
Learning about the amazing power of #twitter w/
#DrakeCriesWhen he falls on stage llz
waterproof works in the snow too. Gore-tex more like bore-tex. I'm talking h2ofriendly-tex
Going to replace the fill valve on the upstairs toilet #again. My upstairs tenants (my kids) are seriously working on being evicted. Lol.
Pretty sure Smith stole that roll around the crease move from Huet.
Give me a break. RT : 'The world's most expensive burger costs $5,000 and is served at the Fleur de Lys restaurant in Las Vegas.'
30% emissions in Houston from tailpipes via Arun Banskota of
I wish I could. but i dont have enough money to come up june july and august -_-
lies! Everyone knows im the king of funny!
Get a TonyTAT original art piece. Visit or join Facebook TonyTAT art page and view. Anthony Tremblay. Or need a design tonytat8789
the first session is 9:30 - come for irish soda bread and coffee starting 8:30
I'm so perverted minded. Someone said "its so hard" referring to a math problem last week & i was rolling on the floor.
Peggy, I'm going to art shows Saturday night. Wanna come and meet my cool friends?
Now you know you my nigga
I definitely can relate- I think I felt that way when graduating too and maybe still some now, a year later
and don't example me to your punk ass followers lol
Doing promotions at Club Cinci's in East Atlanta..... Nice turn out, thanks to Xtamina Energy Drink fans from twitter.com for coming out!!!
Brr. I need to start wearing my Snuggie to work. cc:
I take that back, marriage isn't obsolete. Find a sugar momma, get rich.
you can't speak? Mike and I called you name 5 times
Frode is my savior
I'd totally buy one off you if I didn't have to work at 630 am tomorrow. You free tues pm after work, btw?
my new coffee maker!
Need to be like Monet and have multiple canvasses.
hahaa yeah, but it seems like really good chicken
Anyone use the I heart radio app? Any good stations I should check out?
“How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.” <U+2015> Anne Frank
Hi Nita! I found you! So great to meet you on the One Love Cruise! Tell Dorinda I was absolutely thrilled to meet her, too!
Clearly I internalized my 4500-word-count goal, as report just clocked in at 4450. Unfortunately, actual word count is supposed to be 2500
3.5 seconds. I bet they show it 3 times before the end of the game.
Gia is so crazy!
Back atcha, but this time, at night!
hey rob my wife and I love u man can't wait for the new season big black is back do work son
We leave in one week! Meeting tonight to finalize details at 's house.
at least tell me you grill with charcoal and not gas! Hahaha
It's so fucking cold outside. I want this 80• weather back!
feel so sleepy :) good night all
"I shit you not, my lodger has watched Flashdance twice in 24hrs..she's 31!"
Does anyone play crime city...need Mafia
I don't like this Anderson teacher
#BeautyOfIslam is seeing beauty in all of His creation.
When Rosen says Ann Romney never worked it's class warfare. Mitt saying 'get to work moms, have some dignity' not a war on women.
Wish I had Esperanza tixs for tonight!
If so "This is such a pity" by Weezer is a great song. The new Eclipse by metric is great too. ;)
As mayor, my 3 proudest accomplishments were my great building projects, my Boost #Chicago efforts, and...uh, what's the third one there?
HAHAHA YOU ONLY HAVE SIX FOLLOWERS ;)
You are welcome.My birthday is on the 7 of March.
Forget being 10. I want to be 21 again! Now that was spring break!
Fair enough.
I have been all things unholy; if God can work through me, He can work through anyone. -St Francis Assisi
Free comic book day is always the first Saturday of May. You didn't miss it.
My friends bug me every second of the day coz they know they can't live without me!!!
I am getting a bit frustrated with my photography "dry spell" and need to get off my duff!
Thanks for retweeting my website URL. I appreciate it!
Good grief. 48.
The #Pirates need to stop acting like the Yankees farm team. Cannot wait to see what they give up for overpriced, head case AJ Burnett
"You can write whatever in a paper, just bullshit your way through twenty pages…" No. You can't do that at all.
Yessir. May 10th will be my first day back in the lab
great! I'll find some good tunnels for us to walk through!
creative motivation: The best way to get over a creative block is to place some constraints on yourself
How am I not smarter than a fifth grader?
We have an official High School League that plays in Newtown Square. Neshaminy has a real good team, what high school do you go to?
my allergies are doing the fool !!
Any Bulls fan watching? Think Algren's epitaph "Road is all, End is nothing" and have amnesia about this post season.
I knew I could count on you!
My pleasure. I love your apps.
do u expect Wily Peralta to replace Chris Narveson in the #brewers rotation?
We adored U from the time U hit KilleenTx growing up & will always B a fan of U in all U endeavor. We'll miss U
I live for moments like this one!
Leo's eyebrows*“: Drake's eyebrows > this girl across the room”
My mother in law is the BEST! She's the only one who freaking understands me
My roommate: "I don't really get Twitter. Up until recently, I thought that RT meant, right?!"
Reading it.
He makes me so happy.. Words can't explain it.
Someone please make sure Bobby Christina is safe & OK.....
yeah I'll have to get that in a couple weeks when I'm back in kc
Mason folks: myMason and Courses restored. Looks like 45 min outage total. No incident report as to why yet.
As long as you stay on your coast. I have the west on lock with my corner. #SALES!!!
is going swimming.
Wow is blowing up the timeline.
you earned the right...
Slept in the latest I ever slept in years. 11:30am
#PurpleStrifeMKE meeting on Monday, Apr 30 at 6:30 at the Medical College of Wisconsin!!!
DANCING in heels & still looking fabulous. Only she can pull this off. :)
you love Lville
Hi Scott! I am #caprsa and Iw ant to be sure and meet you.
Damn, I didn't realize it was 7pm. I was wondering why people were tweeting about GLEE.
It should also be stated that the we are based out of Bloomington currently!
I would never get accepted
Watching the ESPN documentary of the Knicks/Pacers in the Eastern Conf. Finals and just watched drop 25 in Spike's face :)
RT : Ok, ok. You twisted my arm. will be hosting the #WeekendCountdown and #HitBound THIS WEEKEND!
I highly recommend not joining CanadaREIC its a investors club that when you try leave they don't remove your email after many many request
Photographing an audio recording. Long-time staff are sharing library memories for SJCPLS history project.
trying to ban the HP series for "occult" is as stupid as complaining that D&D teaches people how to raise zombies.....
LOL I caught that too. Was waiting for her to snap like the last time.": Sue Simmons just fucked up on the air"
me you tay?
Go Brew Crew!!!!! #Brewers
Nicola_Christine <---- Follow Me On Instagram , I'll Follow You Back (:
i invited him over for a game of monopoly. he just might be crazy enough to do it.
After a week off tmrw is going to be annoying <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Shorty got potential ..
good taste :)
that's hilarious, I hope you're both enjoying your obv makeout session opportunity
SC sounds like a trained parrot, the latter being more intelligent.
Clients that swear a lot are awesome.
HIs album was pretty good, I cant disagree. Thankfully he didnt go the 808 & Heartbreak route
In love with Kevin Smith much?
RT : Whitson walks nine-hole hitter Frost on four pitches, gets the hook after 3.1 ip. Daniel "Skrillex" Gibson coming in for...
Very nice site!
So lucky to have met IRL. She's inspiring and made me feel like I was ready to try to conquer the world again.
Adam threw my phone in the toilet but it still works
can you follow me back by the way haha?;)
I dont understand what i keep doing wrong... Everytime i talk to you it seems like.everything i say is stupid
if she grin, then i got her.
#TeamFitness 2012 lets get it! the year of results
“: Watching the #PresidentialAddress. Would love to read the fine print of this #AmericanJobsAct” I have a copy.
same I'm a #sexyhobo today
That's a pretty picture. Made me want to walk outside for a bit.
My parents and emoticons...
so question..any love for the radio station where JB started early? K104 NY..can i do a phoner? Hit me up? Skywalker
fyi: the counts of #-done on checklists get all out of whack if you check then uncheck stuff (especially if done fast)
What you don't understand is that i'd catch a grenade for ya... Yes I would die for ya baby.
<--- one funny "mf" go follow him. Like now!
love the show. Always DVR it and watch without commercials!
oops the can was added by autocorrect
I love that we get to use "terabyte" in casual conversation about computers now, like it's no big deal.
oh stop. you know you're the shit. people still hitting me up about our photos and how great you look! :)
nice body youngsta
his past (or present) girl DVR'd it?! Lol
I tried to play a few tongue games....she screamed NO!!!!! SMH! I need to put the games back into rotation.
Thinks Brendon should of stayed in the big brother house!
(I ate the goddamned) Frightened Rabbit
Someone told u to kill urself??
admin leader: jesus geeks monthly meeting tonight at 7pm, room 354.
Beat goes on for Le Roy, Albion school music programs - The Daily News Online
I'm going now to exercise and my reward is #TVD because, you're right, spoilers are everywhere!
Do not let these guys get off a 3!
Tired of everybody
Languid (adj):Feeling like you think you're making up words, but then you look in the dictionary and it actually exists
I'm so proud :)
Well, there we go! That's why messenger services exist right?
In need to try new things ..
Three words summarize 2011.
Listening to L's new favorite song, In The Summertime by Mungo Jungo. Nice!
Risky business? Who in the museum field is cultivating calculated risks as practice?
They just don't learn
Looks like a great resource. Can't wait to check it out more when I get back home after
Don't think I go a day without singing
Need some items for around the house? We have tools and yard items up for sale right now! www.dealshow.com
"In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity." Albert Einstein
hey , the huge street-wide sharp pavement gap on 19th St NW (betw M and L) almost caused a giant accident. please fill ASAP
Good work! We appreciate you.
book of Mormon?
We're shooting a NEW short film at the end o' July! Yowza'
A ? for brother Kirk Franklin, will you ever in the future go back to school and get your GED?
Hey I am good to go next week. I will email you for details...
I have a friend at Nike AND they are selling them here at SXSW in Austin
yeah I do m8
i don't think it'll happen with adriana, sorry
You have to let me heard that when its done!! RT : "... BITCH IM GETTING MINE!".. Me and Pry killed that song!
#ilovetheweekend... Ready for the #ChiBlackhawks home opener tomorrow and ready to watch Jenny in the #ChiMarathon on Sunday!
Hi everyone follow me I follow back
F. Scott Fitzgerald's Tender is the Night over Great Gatsby. Colette's The Pure & the Impure over Gigi.
I checked it, and then unchecked it, lol. It was a setting that I hadn't noticed before. Thanks. So many familiar faces too.
Jesus people are in a bad mood today
R you thinking what I'm thinking??
Home from work
Needing sex.
Prep'd and ready to tweet!!
;)))) RT : it will be later in the evening for a round (or 2) of #BloodyMary's
Why am I so clumsy? Lost my beautiful prom earrings somehow before I even got home :(
Thank you from taking down my bestfriend Jered's photo.
Idk how anyone could wear pants to school it's almost the end of the year
haha I'll tell him not the first date maybe the 5th haha!(:
DVD: Yep, got it. Blu-Ray: Check. Instantly stream w/ UltraViolet: Huh? What the hell is that? What's next? Watch in Green Clover o'Vision?
Blackhawks game on NBC!
JUST ANNOUNCED -- The Dirty Pearls (5/5, on sale Fri), Mickey Avalon (5/10, on sale Sat), Rhapsody Of Fire (5/29, on sale Sat)!
got a rake?
do oranges believe in god>?
Jack White with all female back-up band on Saturday Night Live. He looks like Michael Jackson in an Elvis suit.
If happily ever after did exist...
This lil 11 year old Gia is a grown woman
I like that short film you did. BeBrandon, #BeMilwaukee,
Q13 completely agree man. Need to eat, and love to work out
looks good ;)
oh damn!!
OH in the cafeteria: "You know what was a bad idea? Rattails."
hey guys follow for me please! :)
Fuck it...I'm going to bed...good tweeps..thanks for listening
Hang out with enough and she'll have u spending all your money on shoes.
still working on my novel though, "While He Prayed..They Preyed" may self pub that one...just thinking on things. Researching some publishrs
After the 5th six weeks I think..
Reading old messages and realizing how much you actually miss that one person . <U+2764>
good saturday so far need some ppl to text though
Bout to listen to yo mixtape while i work:)
SO much fun...feels good to be getting back into it!
Gonna See Today!! ;D
Happy Mothers Day to the best mom & my best friend! Dont know what I'd do without you! Im the luckiest daughter ever! <333
ATTENTION MAHOMIES PLEASE FOLLOW IF U HAVEN'T AND U MAY GET A SHOUTOUT FROM !!!
Need help picking a #Derby winner? WWW.USSportspages.com
The way City was flopping, it's not hard to imagine they had a Barton plan in place, for when QPR drew even. Freakin expensive red card tho.
- anyone at protest to do interviews?
I forgot to mention my son now trains with me.
thanks sweets!!
We're here to pick up what you drop, yo.
Thanks for sharing!
End of the day Michael jordam better than kobe so what he past em
Congratulations and thank you to all of the great people that work in my places to make them ALL something DesMoines can be proud of!
Aladdin, The Lion King, Super Mario, Street Fighter, Mortal Kombat and so many more
So important, you had to tweet it twice! :-)
your not gonna die ... You might explode ..but your not gonna die lmao :)
Singapore? Even dept. chairs there are evaluated by the performance of their teachers' students' scores
I've really wanted to see that movie - sounds like you highly recommend it!
I wonder if there's something dishonorable about using flying drone robots to assassinate "enemy combatants" in foreign countries.
do you play tommrow ?(:
TP could have gotten a part time job & sent her money. There are ways to help without violating NCAA rules.
Just finished the #Avengers and I gotta say, the #Hulk is a Beast!
I RT'd that 12 star notification from favstar just to let you guys know I keep my expectations extremely low on the internet
Calling all poolboys ...
I'm very happy to announce that the WRP universe will be growing with not one, but two sister shows on the new YouTube networks.
our good friend Bobby Cuza is currently at Guantanamo Bay covering the arraignment of the 9/11 terror suspects for ... SIck!
Drivin to Ohio<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
wait what?
thank you! I thought it'd be nice of me to surprise you at your door ;-)
I just saw the avengers in 3D IMAX. Love. It.
Congrats to the University of Maryland Eastern Shore for winning the NCAA Women's Bowling Championship!!!!!
80's music all night at the bowling alley.
Don't forget to vote today, Wisconsin!
Bubba!! for the win.
Truth. RT Few better feelings in journalism than when sources finally come through. Almost always at the end of the workday.
Maxim #1- Don't bite off more than you can chew.
Texas storage wars another bad portrayal of Texans
just trying to keep it real.
PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT BE A DREAM COME TRUE I MAY CRY A RIVER IF U DON'T UR SO AMAZING PROUD OF U SO.FOLLOW ME PLEASE <33
So far the burgers are going good
Had a great time at 'Illuminate'. Thanks to everyone who made RAA a stop on yer Gallery Night & Day agenda! Thanks 2 Raoul Deal & students!!
At my cousins house......she just made some delicious enchiladas!
wondering how soon computer eye-strain (also known as Nintendo eye) will be an "official" medical condition (if its not already).
didn't he make an excellent choice CC lol
first phase: denial haha
listening to Mark of speak to my #unrbrand class. Thanks, Mark!
Won't The Pats' TEs too???
Thanks for my Followers... You're amazing !!! <U+2665>
everytime I hear about this club, I get confused. I always associate "Bunker" with the label.
If I say HDDR, you say_______!
anytime is good for me
I mustache you a question.
I honestly can't wait for #revenge tonight! It has become my favorite show and I can't wait for the season finale!<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
and I getting our cheesecake on watching The Voice! Excited to see
looks cool, I use primarily Macs but I will check it out when I get a chance...thanks...Merry Christmas
Good morning. Open early & ready to serve you. Dbl punch drink of the day: Pumpkin Pie Latte. 10-50 % Savings on everything in Bookstore.
Make sure you tell them about reaching 1000 & getting a bracelet..
You are an amazing, beautiful, person that deserves to be treated like a queen. I wish you could give me a chance ANONYMOUS
Had fun with Damion & Torrey, going to sleep now, church in the morning, goodnight. :)
theres nothing like food anytime!
If that's the case your all sell outs for not thinking like me...especially you hoes that be hungry before during & after sex.
What i need to stress foe i must of forgot who i am n what i can do
She looked gorgeous! RT Emma Stone should be named MVP of awards season.
That awkward moment
Hah! It was near 15th and L earlier today. Shame they didn't address it on air. This is important stuff.
Protecting your identity and the environment. What did you do today?
Someone who cares is all I ask for.
what do you mean? I'm a proud Taurus dude :-P. Thank you for the birthday wishes btw you were the third one :-$.
Eating salami charcuterie - worlds tastiest pringle
I haven't watched Grey's in a while, but I'm terribly anxious about tomorrow's death.
Beat that pussy up like some Dre beats, #haaannnnnn (;
thanks for the RT. How have you been?
RT "#CaseyAnthony case is so creepy 2 watch alone on a Friday night. or to watch ever #messedup" shes gotta b guilty,
what size docs and how big is the cluster? :)
Duckin bitches at the mall ass bitch
Apple seminar this morning. Wtf? No Danishes? Had to buy my own muffins. Shocking.
This Schlatter kid is fun to watch wrestle! Waiting for Holm to come back out
Plan for today before I go to work: Clean room, work on concert choir final, work on senior book.
Aww Alex I like you so much right now. Omg.
Nice drum work at the #oscars !! :) you've got talent!
you are very welcome, & thank YOU for the business! Glad you are happy with it.
LOL that's sweet !
Banks holding vacant houses fined. Enforcement of ordinances for all parties is what I'll continue to urge Bing Administration to undertake.
Tu sabes. But I don't really drink alone so I need to make a date with Señor patrón soon.
YouTube just rolled out live streaming for all nonprofit partners, details to come tomorrow, says
I'm loving this sunny, warm, not so blustery weather!
had a great time with :)
is my boyfriend:)
your boy says he loves you.
was taught to always tell the truth :p
Last day of radiation. I'm a very proud daughter today!
GM Beauties! Inner Quote: A woman is like a tea bag - you can't tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water.-Eleanor Roosevelt
We accept cash, all major credit cards, and welcome accounts(personal & corporate). Hell Bent For Service, Black Crown (206)722-7696
Instead of frustration, you can experience joy. Instead of disappointment, you can know fulfillment. (via )
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 60
shit has been so ass since last week...but cant be negative just keep on moving.. life goes on
“: Folks! My workplace is looking for devs. Please DM me if you want details!” what kind of dev?
White people make great victims in scary movies...if they were all black...well then it would be a comedy show
TRob just can't hit anything. Purdue up by 1. We need a defensive stand big time.
I just blew my own mind.. Tim the Tool Man was the original Rick Ross
It's certainly a lesson.
Got You Fam!
omg smh. just give her the gift while she on the phone
“: Don't catch feelings too early.”
hey follow me it's emerald
None of my roommates are home tonight, this should be fun after the extremely creepy week I have had
Today’s consumers don’t just want a reliable real estate company to sell or help them buy a new home - Learn what agents don't know here htt
Ceremonials Florence + The Machine
That's so exciting! What model of reader is it?
Aww yea. My iPods so old I can't install Twitter. Legit.
thanks to all my new followers for following
Fun games keep your dog engaged and help to let go of built up excess energy
if you got it, flaunt it. and you definitely have it.
really? Now u wanna teach me stuff. I'm liking th sounds o that!
Is your interview online? Would love to read it.
Of course!
I really fucked up, huh? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Deja Moo: The feeling that you've heard this bull before.
HEY MKE: I was Google-mapped TWICE today - watch for small car, Google logo & tall pole w/round pod of cameras :+D
is all over the IBJ real estate section this week! Nice job on the #belden deal boys!
Christmas shopping fills us whatever spare time I actually had. I guess i could mellow out on searching for deals and just go to walmart.
I just spelled pencil wrong o_O >.< no :D
comments that youtubers put up can be really entertaining to read.
I guess there's nothing wrong with it though. Hah.
Lolol and one of'em is standing right next to meh right nao...:O
I remember those days, I would go out untill 4AM them have to wake up at 6ish with my son. So I get it, ttyl
: well, he overturned police cars, the hooligan.
RT : Oh, you tweet about it being 11:11. Your wish will definitely come true.
Hustling is my boyfriend failure is my ex- music is my life and im fuckin the hell outta success!!!!!..RT!
It's pretty easy to set up an Elastic IP address for your instance and point your domain to that. Plus it's all free for a year.
We're on for 2pm at the intersection of Western Ave and Wisconsin Ave!
Yepp! =) I plan on makin a youtube soon
This game is a nail-bitter!!
I'm onstage around 2:20 for "Celebration of Cultures" tomorrow.
Am so happy that Holly Hanna - theworkathomewoman.com and I are connected;we'll be on the phone with each other on Friday, after my show!
going for a run be back later <3
I considered him a draft day steal at or below his ADP in a few leagues ... so far, so good!
Out of curiosity, what is an Apple-based pickup line?
is amazing! They just saved the day for
Lazy morning. Just ate. Almost ready for my morning poop. X
BREAKING NEWS : RT : Report of an Vancouver armed robbery @ Northeast 17th Ave. in Vancouver. 2 suspects sought. No injuries.
We are only 10 days away from filming the reality TV show at Pickle Park!! DECEMBER 17TH @ Pickle Park in Fridley, MN
Thanks to everyone who came out for the Fall Arts & Crafts fair this weekend! Huge crowds and great fun :-)
is your heart taken? is there somebody else on your mind? i'm so sorry, i'm so confused, just tell me, am i out of time?
This green line adventure is going to make me stop taking the red for granted, advisories and all.
Vital to keep up our presence in classrooms even during busy yr end; challenging. Yet necessary
#10thingsaboutmyself I Like Bad Boys
One joy scatters a hundred griefs. - Chinese Proverb
I got ice in my veins, blood in my eyes, hate in my heart, love in my mind.*
Cody can you follow me please?
BL to Elizabeth at Ritz Chicago '02 "Is that Bono?" E: "Why yes it is Bono" BL: "But he ain't no Keith Richards!". B4 Aragon gig
My 11:11 wish is to meet one day!! <3 OH and for him to come to Ohio!(:
You definitely need to follow me back lols.
Pickle juice and mayonnaise
no shit, what is it, 5!?
it is only now do we realize the power we have
hahah please behave,*cane you* :p
Working on another very sad case involving rape/molestation of a minor by church minister. Unbelievable!
At de lazy lizard for dinner with the teammates!! <3 them
Breaking News! Most common question this week in Indianapolis....... Why here?
i kno it was a joke. I was joking lame... U self conscious a bit
Love that one Looking forward to the 21st. That works for you?
Did you know that a new chocolate shop is opening in Bayview to replace Franklin's Fine Chocolates?
Love and obey God first, so I know its
I can tell you rock, I can tell by your charm.
YOU'RE CRAZY.
I was a good girlfriend to you but you did me dirty.
ye me and mike yang were thinking about coffee, probably around noon. what say you?
it's a crime that Beiber was not involved in this halftime show.
i know it is really early but just go up and want icecream soo just sayin u a great rollmodel...my rollmodel.forevah!!!
These storms in Iowa<<<<
Im up at 9am damn I guess when u get drunk and passout before 10pm lastnight it was a goodnight
I was so sad when he got traded.
Sorry, Re-airing the #cnndebate doesn't make it any better than the first time around.
so I brought my luggage and I already forgot my retainer haha I'm soo annoyedd and my parents are making it worse
Thought provoking quote! RT A jury consists of twelve persons chosen to decide who has the better lawyer. ~Robert Frost
Damn.. I should've bet on the fight... I said Mayweather K.O.
lol I know it's hard to pronounce haha
VISIT PERAK YEAR BOWLING CHAMPIONSHIP TO OFFER RM35,000 AS PRIZE MONEY
We are.
Damn ive Been hurt so much that my heart is numb. i feel no pain or heart break.
wats good bro
I love reading 's blog, but it's going to give me nightmares.
Yay its over!!!!
Banning gun shows to reduce violent crime will work about as well as banning auto shows to reduce drunken driving.
looking forward to the twitter party tonight!
Recruiting, once again, baffles everyone down to the last second. No one really knows anything until an announcement is made, so let's wait.
Eating at ' Bacchus. This maple syrup Old Fashioned is unreal.
RT Chewing - natural behaviour in all dogs, it helps reduce stress & can control barking, digging or other destructive behavior
It was you, you put the music in my heart.<3
What are my NY Vegas plans?
need to talk to you
I will!! :D The strange ideas I get. ;D
So, Sid Vicious checked out Feb. 2nd, it seems. Still, a little too close to the Buddy Holly ending.
Standing next to a girl who looks like a Vera Bradley catalogue threw up on her...
Your heart has Been changed and erased
That hoodie we just made for >>>>>>
tomorrow, I need to get to school a little earlier. I gotta print stuff out bro
getting ready for that Yung Von show out in vacavile tonight, hope you guys can make it, its going to be a great time
Aaannnnndd Cut! I'm out! See you all later.
First night in a while that I'm stalling to come back inside. I'm actually taking the long way home.
yah let's get fat haha
(Rich) heard a couple noises and couple people saw a possible shadow. No direct responses so far. Doing a test with us outside owner in
I just found out today that 9 of my first cousins (out of.. 80 or so now?) are named Sherif. But that all have nicknames so I never knew.
What’s new at #AERA2012? just launched! A channel for news, stories, and information about Educational Research
Wow.....did my aunt just say she thought BoB was a white dude ctfu
You want me home, so i can just hear you bitch...
Wow, I'm a fucking idiot for that. Tf was I thinking? Smh.
same! Lol my friend asked me if I could get them to follow her cause Eric and Al follow me so does Frankie Grande
Thanks! #YoureGorgeous too. (:
Folsom offering Stocking Stuffer Tour + Winter Ale Tasting this week along with interactive touchscreen for comments, questions!
Come see me !
You taught me to love fearlessly and to open up my heart. I've never known anyone like you. I love you to no end.
New to my TBR list: Det. Arthur Zen mystery series by Michael Dibdin. PBS series with Rufus Sewell coming soon. Thanks, Masterpiece Mystery!
oh! so a pet peeve of mine too :)
MHS food is disgusting.
If loving you is wrong, then I don't want to be right!
Braces tomorrow. Yay..
Have you ever visited in Chicago ?
To everyone taking the bar, take no prisoners!
Whea tha fat white bitches at?
On a beautiful day, doing yoga outdoors at Disney's Golden Oak Ranch in canyon country, and calling it work :)
Lol! RT ": If Boosie was found not guilty, does that mean we get more features where he spells a bunch of random nonsense?"
Its my B-day Please follow me and my 2 friends & :)
First stop (after signing house closing papers): Eggtc. for breakfast. Loose Park. Now we have our tickets for Sea Life Aquarium.
? dude why is there a random guy as yo pic
i got a whole book of punch lines brah
#YouTooDamnOldToBe an intern! How did you get to have grey hair & be an intern at the same time? You must've made a wrong turn in life.
Single again nd i don't like it!!!! :(
I broke down and called mine. She answered. Somehow we got through it. Now,
: Please read my Twitter bio - I think we were meant to be friends...
yeah, Drake. ;) lol
both of y'all get off my TL wit that bull
is probably on the beach in Maui at the four seasons on Mrs so and so's tab.
dude strippers r wack unless u talkin bout this italian station
That all from the alcohol...or is it even alcohol at all?
Fugg it--I ordered the "expensive" yoga pants...I think Ive earned them! Plus, they come in TALL, praise God!
HAVEN FUN LIKE SHYT
I guess Five Faces just wasn't good enough for you post-Zebra Lounge, huh?
thats how u get ur copy of black ops lol
3 more days to Res-Evil Revelations for 3DS, can't wait, the demo is killer!
comes to work in the 250 & comes back from lunch on the crotchrocket.
im at school, english lesson <U+2665>
If you see this can you please follow me? I really need your help. Pretty Please with a Cherry on Top... :D
Get it together BEARS!
I'm caught up on winners at #NYCSWMG I LOVE
sex work IS work. to suggest that the money he spent employing those women could have been better spent implies judgement
In 1961, actor Gary Cooper died in Los Angeles six days after turning 60.
Totally Beautiful! U must b the sweetest, most dwn to earth person on Twitter! By far my Favorite!! Keep being u!
National Weather Service reporting 103 tornadoes tonight. Please be safe everyone, this is awful.
Out for the night at this really cool place...called, MY BED!!
UX artists are like magicians and illusionists – we must master the art of directing attention. MOTION.
What are some organizations dedicated to saving libraries?
I'm at my frieds house and she's on the phone. awk
I needed this quiet, quiet weekend. It got more than my back into shape. Now I'm ready to face the challenges of the weeks to come.
Hey i saw a sign in jimboys it said no shirt no shoes no service does that mean i can order without pants (im gonna try it)
Kurds x2019; Displacement Tests Iraq x2019;s Fragile Unity Facing attacks, Kurds are fleeing for Kurdish-majority areas amid a deteriorat
What a night <3
#BuildDayMemories Naked Pizza Leftovers in the back of Sean's car for later on in the day. Ops
Do you have a date at midnight with Nosferatu?
Impractical Jokers comes back tomorrow night!!!
Today was a good day.
even the slimmest, most impossible chance of meeting and in florida is still pretty cool
Life experiences: listen to Bhagavan Das invoke Shiva. Check.
WIN IN IT OT. GREAT COMEBACK!
Anyone get the number of that bus?
You can't just jump on stage and play with
Keeping Ed McNally in our thoughts & prayers today as he continues his journey towards recovery.
Happy Friday Morning everyone!
Real ninjas don't let the microwave timer hit 00:00
New York state of mind
Nothing like quality thinking over quality #KoreanBBQ RT : Tough decision to make tomorrow... I gotta go to Oz Korean BBQ to think
Oh gosh, he just asked me if I have a boyfriend... and now he wants to sit by me..
T.Jefferson said Democracy depends on a "knowledgeable population"...WE ARE IN BIG TROUBLE!
i like the reasons
The Nashville Top 30 Under 30 contest is over. Say a little prayer for me that I pulled off the win.
Are you guys coming over to our house this sunday, for the Super Bowl?
Just had #delicious tomato bisque from the :) yum!
attending a new clicker training - looks like a much sleeker, simpler device than we've used in the past
Omg, did you see Mariah pinch his cheeks? (:
A truly fashionable person. A rare find.
Richard Marx at the Orleans in Vegas love this
please! Id love to catch up.
Ha! I sprung that little otter ball! Isn't he adorable?
Europeans tell us to stop whining but we don't have access to the mass transit like they do. I don't drive a gas guzzler either!
Man so many contacts now I have to decide!!
Follow cody simpson and alli simpson
Brandon? Can you add me or subscribe me on facebook? My name is Brittany Madec. Thanks and can you follow me on here? thx bye
The more I think about it, the more I'm convinced that #redskins trade last night was absolutely horrible for them.
omg my incorrect use of your
Italian Night Club for sure
New job with new beginnings! Time to celebrate being out with the old and in with the new!!!!
Find a job you like and you add five days to every week. H. Jackson Browne / I love what I do: it's called "vocation"...a life mission!
No story on 229 improvements. Broken link?
hopes to continue to be strong in life and pursue what makes her happy.
What videos are you guys watching? We like to stay up to date what the cool videos are so help us out!
. keeping white suburbanites terrified is a full time job!
You hate me? That's cool. I don't live to please you anyway.
there is no topping the Haltertops. (pun totally, totally intentional.) :) thank you!!!
I dont think Mikey has one. But ppl keep saying Madison dose and im really sad now. Nd ikr it has to be a lie
good I haven't seen you around plus its a lot of new faces.
make fun of who?
Just dropped off at the airport. Miss that guy already.
pssst i'm doing that already ;)
If only gum was banned and talking with your mouth full a misdemeanor! I've had misophonia for 30+ years. Glad for attention.
I leave again tomorrow for a couple days, why do I even unpack my suitcase?
At the auburn fest!!!
is your hair really red ?
Specials all night long. Alright Alright! "The Bandit" Kyle Cage Johnson slinging the drinks. Singing a little Steely Dan...... NOT( JK!)
If I was dead and buried and I heard your voice, beneath the sod my heart of dust would still rejoice.
on my way to el CECUT Tijuana to check out some great photo exhibits.
so foggy out, could barely see when i was driving
Ok this is weird. #g2s hotel (hyatt in dc) is now filled with "Tea Party Patriots", half of whom look like they are on medicare.
Going to c cars 2 with my nephew and sister!!!:)
Accountability is huge in social media
Yes, there is already a Twitter for that ": glass is hard.. and sharp... and stabby WHY :,("
and maybe you were right<3
Since we'll be at Monday-Wednesday next week, we're taking the week off for rehearsal. Free night! streaming on Netfilx!
MT ('paracurricular' staff who work closely w/ faculty have to understand faculty culture, work process).
that's what happens when you don't have a football team
Become a SMILE millionaire!
Had the pleasure of meeting your daughter tonight. What a doll Holding out for SXSW w/ you in March.
My VERY first tweet and VERY first follow goes to because he is my inspiration, and I love him (:
The other day I saw a dealer put the flop out before dealing anybody cards. In his def it was tourney and antes were collected.
"Leyland said he didn't change his underwear for 12 days. No wonder people were standing so far away from Jim the last few days."
'hockey night in canada.' life is good.
In an Enter the Dragon remake, for me it would be fun to play John Saxon's character "Roper". "What's the matter, you on a diet?" -Roper
I like the idea of #SportingKC Convey taking the corner and Zusi being in the back field to possibly collect any defensive rebounds
because i'm afraid of going to jail and being someone's prison b*tch. :p
#geekend #fa115 via people are going to enjoy content they expect from the page
What should I write a poem about today? I need titles!
ill pray too! :)
Thanks for following!
am officially obsessed with the weather forecast for Nov. 6th
Last night Emily made us do a crazy butt stretch.... And it made me realize how freaking out of shape I am :(
On the way with Seattle Sorbet Samples!!
Independent music is revolutionizing the music industry as we speak
too many girls at the party actually makes it harder to wheel
I'm getting spam messages from you. Might wanna change your password!
is that a phrase you picked up from your wife or were you in the habit of defenestrating things before meeting her? :) yawp.
Be safe my friends in NYC, Irene is mean!
Changed my username to (:
so this weekend we meet with the manufacturer to decide what goes on the website for spring !
Shhh, don't question it.
hey i am the HUGEST fan of you, no lie. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back, no joke. =)
Wonderful! We sent you a Direct Message!
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
in the port with and at work and in the strip
I didnt know the avengers was in 3-D haha
right on! Ahaha
Why suspend Payton now ?, When The NFLcould have done it 3 years ago? This CYA.Not protecting players.
Students are at a movie pre-screening right now you know you are #jealous #DWCdc is the place you want to be!
instagram been acting retarded since fb bought it
one step above an assistant?
i seriously want him to come SO bad.if he doesn't well see in the future IF i can. Is my shirt here already?
I'm sending hugs, well wishes, and positive vibes. Have a great day!
Follow she's amazing and follows back!13
Got distracted by the new Naruto Ultimate Ninja Storm. Mwah hahaha!
but in all reality i did it to so many girls and to my luck im with the girl i always left in the dust for 5 years straight always leaving
Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
I'm back twitches.
Another day of meandering, but closing lower on Wall St. Key avgs close DN 0.3 to 0.7 percent.
This trip to Ireland is going on my bucket list. RT : well, you could still fly over for a pint. I'd buy the first round :D
I thought the same thing hahaha
Wildavsky - Race to create world class universities spurred by recognition of value of human capital
F**k RICH I rather be WEALTHY petty hustlin ain't gone get it
Fuck you, Hulu Plus. The address I am entering is absolutely attached to my bank account. Let me use your fucking service.
Jen I have your laptop & bag here in the hotel restaurant. Did you make it back from the thrift store yet?
Yeah :D
Josh Smith should not be shooting, he can't shoot SMH<U+2755>
Lakers remain undefeated (3-0) to their current roadtrip by defeating the C's earlier tonight. Next stop: the big apple tomorrow. M.S.G.
My ideas w/ graphics :) RT : do you design the cw shirts yourself? they're literally perfect.hah :)
Im not even close to being prefect....
i just follwo him
Got my GAIQ today!!! I
You might check out what is doing with Eli.
Yesterday I was talking to Jairo, fnally. c:
The #Mavericks forgot they were playing a playoff game at home tonight!
& Good morning, and thank you for following! Consider & , please.
In need of budness.
yay... I was starting to think I was losing my edge. Going 100% mommy mode with the nude :-)
Running through Schenley with is a test of survival
Baby, welcome to my mind, it is truly yours.
Loving the twists for BB13!!! Pairs & Power Pairs ~ Evil Dick in the house
It's alway a good day when you have enough left in your daily macros to make #Glutenfree #dairyfree S'mores!
Guest speaker contradicts every word professor has just said.
That's amazing! Love it when that happens. Cute outfits to boot!
Ok I need a brake tag and I'm in Metairie and the place I usu. use is closed! Where can I go?! Ugh!
Today I got to pet bat rays AND I saw a mama mouse give birth! It was all pretty awesome.
RT : Mix of joy + caution. Thrilled #OA mvmt had real impact in killing #RWA + causing #Elsevier to back down. But must...
come watch the pope with me
This lady needs to hurry up, I'm getting hungry!
What's good Twitter?! Keep the followers and shoutouts coming(:
Happy Birthdayy Deng!! love you :D
Follow me <33
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: These are some tips and tricks on HOW to ask for help with WordPress (or open source in general)
To much to much but loving it or I'm <U+263A>
I have people I'd like to send as well. Let's do it!
you the man lol
I wish my aunt would get the hint that I'm not adding her on Facebook just so she can stalk me and my friends.
Love a beautiful, rainy night! Soothing sound as I close these brown eyes. Gnight! Seep well & dream sweet when you close your own eyes. :-)
Congratulations, Carlos Kotkin, and kudos Echoplex for a good venue, great show
Public connection...streaming very slowly... :(
haha yeah bro
at what point have you given up on FNL? Season 2 wasn't great but 3-5 are awesome #cleareyesfullheartscan'tlose
It's in the past is not an excuse for everything....
When it rains it pours RT : #CelticsTalk: #Celtics Doc Rivers says Ray Allen out for Game 2 vs
I Told You I Liked Your Watch Lol <3 Tonight Was The Best, Follow Me?
lol Ikr. I try to keep up
"I didnt know you have a zamboni in your yard." / "That's a gazebo." / "Same thing, both start with a z."
Thanks I know we've got what you're looking for, why because we love you girl....
Some people's struggles really put your life in perspective.
Just left this job fair. I love when its obvious my resume/presentation shits on everyone else. Almost positive I'm gonna get another offer
My stomach is hurting.
Don't forget to RSVP for our Pre-Valentine brunch next Sunday and our monthly meetup on the 16th!
did johnny ever listen to that song yet?
looks like you all are send spam
he was pissed the the appt people were "cutting" him
problems with online streaming, unfortunately - if you have questions about faculty development session, I can ask and respond
write it on the dogs belly.
Dont what to do at this point........but i guess its my fault so.....
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: One FREE 24" Push Broom with a $50.00 Hardware Store purchase at our Riverwest location. Spring Cleaning anyone???
Mashable posted that link, too. I checked, Whew! No virus.
Shoot me
Is it Saturday yet? I need to go home.
Just found out we're doing an interview w/ tonight to hype our show on 6/24. Will air this Sun. Details soon.
your a little deep post-modern photographer arnt you.
Twitter etiquette question: When is it okay to start talking about The Avengers movie?
I am going to marry the night!
Other great 40's song in the next #theresnobusi nesslikeshowbusiness
What's your favorite YOGA/ACTIVEWEAR essential?
My mama mad cus everybody spoiles me, guurl if u won't evryone else will : )
Good question. I'll find out.
Mr Mesero is amazing! Best mojitos in town! :)
I know a couple of Mexicans without their visas, but they trying to arrest me for unpaid tickets like I'm the alien.
Who is going to #FF me? I need more followers dammit!!!!
Malibu with my two #best friends- known them since I was 2, and still going strong!
two things you dont FUCK with my FOOD and my SHIT I buy
Jareds coming over to watch pbr with me :) hell ya
We may or may not have a response to it hanging out in the photo booth area.....;)
Cleaned the house by myself, baked a cake, and had to put up wit my siblings all day for my mom...The things i do for her
Wishing the best of luck to Brandon Graham in tomorrow night's draft! Go Blue!
Guys who just play with your heart and feelings... < < <
Make sure you come take our Adult Hip Hop class tonight at 7!!!
aw congrats bebe!
wtf...you guys talk about me but I can't know lol
One day left #GWU! RT this to enter your chance to win a VIP Reception with #GlobalChef Torsti Uotila from Finland
Thanks for all the great work you do to feed our community!
Refs clearly have Syracuse in their brackets.
we like that!
Taylor Swift needs to come out with her new album right meow.
Remember, you can't reach what's in front of you until you let go of what's behind you. Move forward without looking back.
You're alive and you're free, that's a lot more than some kids your age can say!!!
tinychat was pretty fun tonight(;
jus met u and already see good qualities lol
Thank you for the recommendation Kimberley. I love Russell Simmons!
Still doesn't compare to Blass last year when Alvarez went yard.
Rihanna Rocks a Sheer Body Suit While Partying with Chris Brown and Drake in Hollywood [PHOTOS] -
Ah...thank you so very much. :-)
McFly in Just My Luck >
RT RT Tweet people the way you want to be tweeted.
i guess you know how to get those tweet s up
change your mind about someone, You might be surprised in the change in you
Back from a great long weekend in D.C. Sloowwwllly getting back into the swing of things. Happy Monday!
RT : No rest. Michael Egnew ran a half marathon (13 miles) yesterday in 1:45.
No official word on PARKS AND REC...
wow, I didn't know you had a twitter! How have you been?
Family is all I will ever need.
Gosh is so mean...
where u at now?
Annie: the baby was as small as this wine bottle Valentine: and just as delicious
Vikings deal is done. Staying.
thanks man... Lol they got that from you!!
I obliviously know I'm a bitch you don't have to encourage me(;
- 2007 Miami Heat
who doesn't
Wandering in a museum by myself, thinking about how shit should always stay the same and never change.
Have acquired the "BOOSH!" shout from killing the dragon. It's not going over very well when used in town...
Aye Blake Griffin Just Killed
Follow if yall wanna know a real grinder
Indeed she did! : I always have since 60-70's AC..my mom raised me correctly...Thxx
thanks! I should have be able to make hacknights, reno.rb (even though I'm .net now ;) ) a lot more frequently
Not in a good mood today.
#Caps Beagle on game 5 "I wasn't going to leave my team a man short"
oh, and thanks.
The text sent me last night >
Efficient windows are engineered to virtually eliminate the three ways your windows waste energy
bring me one
Ugly people: Don't play hard to get, you're already hard to want.
why must I continue to close #TweetDeck in order to get it to refresh? It's about a 50-50 chance on whether or not it will refresh auto
Please follow me u seem like a cool person
haha ikr, did you see Source Code?
Definition of UFO is broad but, in people's minds, very narrow; i.e., UFO = aliens. In that context I disagree that Jinn are UFO.
You are so very welcome! XOXO
That's stunning... And the soundtrack, I'm speechless.
No please don't I love your twitter(:
did you just quote steely dan? Kudos sir.
That shit was lame as hell lol
thanks for following!
Realized I have a wedding the same day as the CL final. Have already demanded provisions be made. Did I mention BBQ reception?
he's everything I ever wanted.
I was doing so well.
app store
You know what's missing? All the hunks.
Got my salad in a Tupperware!!! #bombdiva :-D
What kind of breed of cat is Marilyn? She's such a pretty kitty :)
Oh okay. Maybe I'll get lucky and pull one from a pack. Lol.
“ I'm following back everyone who follows R=E=T=W=E=E=T for a shout out to 297k+!”
we do that too. This is just another tool in the parenting tool box.
your Faried post today was a good read; thank you.
#WakeMeUpWhen does a ustream/Tinychat so that i can sing 4 him
i totally agree!!
haha me too
Getting ready for the holiday weekend...FREE beer with any Weber grill purchase. See store for details. While supplies last!
Aha awh. xD Happy one day late Valentines Day Zerran.
#hardlyworking... Sitting on my ass playing Temple Run!
Sorry everyone, it's true, my twitter account was hacked. I'm changing my password.
u know it!! the winner was "ADRI"
Heard my first yoga fart today! Happy Presidents Day!
Save the date -- the sixth annual Arts & Culture Fest is Saturday, October 15th! For news and updates, visit artsandculturefest.com.
ah yes, there will be a roomful of people looking their best! RT : What should I wear for #CUAEF gala?? Decisions, decisions.
#RIP Donna Summers
I'm late for work......but that isnt stopping me from
My girlfriend looks so pretty :)
#MyBestFriend Mrs.MaryJane NEVER lets me down
Thanks for the follow! What's the recommend wine today?
My pleasure! You do all the work, that's why your body looks so great on your web site, HeatherMarianna.tv!
SO TRUE! Stay in your lane fellas.
. Thanks for the #FF!
RT So thinks BC pill cost depends on frequency of sex? Tell me he's not that stupid./ sorry I can't
did you get tickets?! :))
basically said (again) that KG is only playing for a contract and none of the Celtics are actually hurt... Scal lost it on him
i followed you
Mongolian grill with
show us this tweet and we'll give you a free pair of your own amazing sunglasses!!!!
ouch. Cynical. Dark. And prescient.
: "No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
Wednesdays are tough & this game is even tougher, but thanks to those #Boston fans who turned out at tonight!
Is Sunday a funday for you? www.freekshowradio.com
I have these from another source. Our group has 3 more?
I will look for him, thank you.
Facebook needs to invent a function that limits chronic complainers from endlessly whining. We get it! Your day sucked AGAIN!
#precommerce Just tried new Duo fruit and cool from Hershey. Like the taste. Not on market yet
Why does my bed look like my closet/dresser threw up all over it
Thank you so much! I'm glad you liked this song
I have yet to get ready for school. I have to be there in the next 20 minutes. I'm just so tired!
The awkward moment when you burst out laughing in class and everyone including the teacher looks at you. (Causewebehigh.)
We're taking a quick break, but will be back with to talk more #NBA playoffs, so keep it locked into 640.
I saw your tweet from a few weeks ago - were you able to convert mp4 to wmv - let me know if you have any questions
I'm REALLY gonna miss camp though. We had a pretty badass group. I'll come visit.
This song smells like acres of freshly cut grass.
Follow our visiting scholar Ben and his book for latest on higher ed policy
it was really good. A lot better than I thought it would be.
only if you're cool.
I asked why the choice of PHP for the API. Answer: it was a common language among the devs. *shrug*
Heyy guys (: give me random numbers and i will tell you what i think of you. :)
If you have to put someone down to make yourself feel better... You're the one with the insecurities, you're the weak one.
At # Is it weird that the camera guy is making me nervous?
best night eva
Our histories are written by those who remain...
Thanks for following! :)
This could mean everything, or nothing at all, you take what is real, I'll give you my all<U+2764>
Was an amazing guest. Best interview has ever had and I've ever had the pleasure to be a part of. Thank you!
Throwing up rules
Bulls back against the wall today play for some damn respect....
Doing nothing in school today<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Include your construction team in "tablet revolution" for increased efficiencies & communication! #FieldConnect Mobile available iOS/Android
Thanks! I had a blast. I'd love to do it again.
Liking to many guys<<
We got 2 house shows coming up this month and next month. It would be rad if you came out to both of them.
I hope she knows enough about engaging the Indonesian audience on social media :)
#PAYPRINCE RT : PRINCE!!!!! WITH A BIG 3-RUN HOME RUN IN THE #ALLSTARGAME! REPRESENT!!!
Just thought I would let you know that the match with you and Ziggler was the best thing from the WWE in months. Cheers!
which vintage? I just brought back some more 05 from
If you are pretty good you're not good if you're good you're not great
~ Wow! Congrats! Ava is such a cutie! :D
5 preseason games on and I can only watch Chargers/Seahawks? Come on man...
New moms often experience postpartum depression. If you are feeling overwelmed, sad, worried, you're not alone. Talk with your doctor.
Have a great weekend!!
#happybirthdayjenn HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!!
Per iMapp, approx 1320 "shadow homes" in Gilbert. 1392 if you count the 72 that are Active or AWC.
You can't be me
Congratulations on becoming the longest serving woman ever! A job well done!
Didd She Really Just Say Something About ? Welp, She Asked For It ! -,- Tomorrow She Finna Get Slapped .
Sick with a cold, but I am going to cheer on the group from Wellington Runners at the Tropical Tri tomorrow morning!
RIP #DickClark. U will be missed!
you are very pretty(:
C'mon, man! "She's a Lady"! WHOA WHOA WHOA she's a lady
will do asap--thx! I'm a great fan of his.
Patrick Young don't hurt em!!!
"Turn Around" premiering at the Seoul International Film Festival April 13-16th.
welcome :) you should mention me on your next show so I know this is your real twitter ! Lol
Don'y give a fuck if you was a JESUS house you heard what I said Heath
Joey Votto=Clutch
yeah you would say something like that! (;
THANKS! I haven't had a chance to respond yet (work is crazy; maybe before my lunch is up?).
hey I just wanted you to know that, your the best(:
Got a job yay :)
I been good how's things going?
Congratulations from Killer B's MixHouse to all the new graduates of the Minneapolis Media Institute.
Omg that was horrible!
Looks like Mom & Pops is all cleared out. Anyone have an idea with what's happening there?
I used to be obsessed. I faded away from it so long. I'm trying to get back to watching it on the regular though.
Double issue 16.12/13 is now available for download (free as always) on our site! www.thebeatwithin.org
I'll miss Atlanta because my favvv but I'm sure the homie will come to Tampa... There is business out here
r u in chicago?
I'm not making guitar-shaped cake. Getting from Miss Kari's Bakery in Pewaukee. 's friend. Check out cakes: www.karisbakery.com
*coughcough*...raaappppeeeee. Lol, jk. :P And idk, the oil and candles were your idea, not mine.
Looking for an affordable way to make your home your dream home? Let Statewide help you have the best looking house on the block!
#imagine Louis: i don't want you to go. you: i need to. Louis: but what if i never let you go ? you: then i'll lay in your arms forever
RT : RT : Don't forget to cull fruits from fruit trees so they don't touch! This will help with worms,...
Hott && Dangerous, if ur one of us then roll with us.!
Please follow me
According to the stats screen, I've spent over 19 hours playing Ridge Racer 6 and am only 47% done. This excites and frightens me.
thank you for a fun season. Sad way to end it, but we've been spoiled as Packer fans :)
we said it was for a moment but this moment seem to last its been so long we've been sharing these moment these moments that we've stolen
Why is it when talks about liberty I smile, but when does I feel like I need a shower.
I see the point of feeling bad for Cupid because of injuries/bad acquisitions, but at the same time 3 f-ing talk shows?? SHUT UP AND MANAGE!
Is it just me or has 's head gotten.. rounder.
I wanna go to cali so bad... any cali followers
you were awsome in the new episode tonight and I think you and Selena gomez are a great couple
should go on a retweeting spree and retweet my tweets..... :)
Initiatives of Hope is on pg 58 of #vaumc Book of Reports (also avail @ www.vaumc.org click "Annual Conference Info")
We all inhabit a loving world
sure hope to see you in that KENTUCKY uniform. " Players first program".
She's just a friend you see you always agree, you know i lie but you still trust me.
C'mon C minus! C'MON C MINUS!
spurs ain't gone be able to run with them
Austrian photographer captures art in food waste
If I had the money I would be #shopping at cause they #dontstarttheholidaysearly unlike Bilo who does November 1st!
I really hope I'm not coming down with a cold.... I don't have time to be sick....
Can't wait for the D-Backs game today...against the Phillies.
I don't think she's kidding
Time to catch up on 3 weeks of !
You learn something new everyday. My go to source for MLA citation help even has how to cite a Tweet.
What?! Have you seen the girl that is addicted to eating plastic? TLC never fails
RT : Undergrads in Colorado: Startup Summer gives opportunity for internships with some of the best startups in the...
The Brewers weren't losing until I came home from work and turned the game on. O_O
Why does Shephard Smith have to anchor the #SuperTuesday coverage? Give me Bret Baier.
text me(:
Good busy as well. I need to come back and visit the Republic of Boulder.
Haha. Thanks! Do they have Mother's Day in England?
Good luck!
report isn't due until Thursday. We do have class. As listed on the syllabus. Your Evals are due today.
Dear sweatpants & hoodies, thanks for being there for me. Sincerely, sexy and I know it, but too lazy to show it(;
i am ecstatic right now oh my GODD
WAY TO GO GIANTS!!!
YANKEES WIN!! THUUUHHH YANKEES WIN!!!
love it! let us know if you'd like to chat about offering chair massage at your new digs.
oh we will, thankfully though, even if we lose, I'm a guy, so I'll be making more than you the rest of your life! Thanks Walker!
RT : Just got an e-mail from that made my week. 's Social Media Team is a huge #joy for me!
Megan Parrish haven't talk to you in forever! Hows the tweet war treating you?
Shouldn't every day be #earthday ... I mean, we live on it?
enterprise! Just got hired there!
omg. haven't been on here in forever...
The JP Morgan Healthcare Conf. starts today. Follow C+S clients, and for conf. news
what flavor?
Why is makeup so expensive?!
When I grow up I hope I can tell stories as well as you, Doug!
levis, converse and a snap back
Imagination is more important than knowledge -Albert Einstein
AT&T does have a 200MB plan for $15
“: Bahahahahahaaa!!! All my presents are wrapped in Justin Bieber wrapping paper. Love my family!” you're welcome :p
UP 66.13% today and climbing!
The worst feeling is when you put your Trust in a person and they let you down
you are the only one then
always thought the flights were good fun there.
Agree RT : A5: Why arent Dale Jr.'s sponsors questioned in the same way? Its not JUST about winning. Its about selling
Merry Christmas everybody
Ha! Why not? They're so close to each other...
I'd agree with you, but then we'd both be wrong.
Getting a new tattoo tonight or tomorrow. #dontcare #need #mission :)
Unless the sentence involves "Barcelona." RT : Cristiano Ronaldo: Losing is not in my vocabulary
sf white stripes fights with nirvana, we like it. Half packed, awesome door guy..... More dudes than gals
Hey! How are you this beautiful Friday?
The Share the Love Mobile App Webinar is off to a great start so far
Slow it down on 465 people...its the end of the month!
if not, it should have. Nothing beats $1000, except maybe an enthusiastically satisfied client who wants to spread the word
": "Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome." Dr Samuel Johnson"
And yup, Will Middlebrooks now has more homeruns this season than Albert Pujols does.
I agree. But, I think he believes the only way 2 do it as hard as he can go for as long as he can. It's tiring just hearing about it
Listening to birds chirping - crickets cricking - soothing cool gentle breeze - LOTS of trees - I'm back in KS
Girls who always feel the need to compete with eachother
You should get your bagels at H&H Bagels in NYC. The strike is over!
Revisiting The Grey. Saw it in theaters and it rocked my world. (stayed after the credits too.)
Me: You know what tomorrow is? My mom: Cindy's birthday. I've never been more proud in my life.
I don't know but Merlot seems to work nice.
Happy freaking birthday to !! Hope you have the best day, you definitely deserve it! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>
Impressive, quick first inning for Bauer: K and two easy groundouts vs. Fowler, Scutaro and CarGo
rt: : Doral has the best Golf in the world. Come stay with us!
Georgina, that is SO COOL. Take pics if the view is good!
Looks good. Nice job!
is Awesome!!! That was off the hook. Thank you for having us and thanks to everyone who helped make it an amazing event.
Woke up in a shitty mood. >:l
One of my favorite things about Texas - boots are always in season! Bye Austin .... Until next year
: Tickets go on sale today for Jason Aldean and Luke Bryan! What is your favorite song from either of these artists? All of 'em
Caron Butler breaks his hand with clips down 25 in the forth, clips come Back to win after he goes out.. Coincidence?
I just came up with this quote, liked it a lot: "Hypocrisy is the hallmark of politics."
Twitter about to go over capacity for some hours if you do that. lol
Hanging out with <3 I wish we had Fernando to play 1D!!!
will Judge Mablean be available soon for an interview with me?
when where ??
Just so it's clear, if you're in the area, you shouldn't miss this. Two Cow is doing some good stuff, you've been warned.
so true idk why he got signed in the first place.
Simon's favourite act won, how is that not a fix?
live it. Live in this
back at ya! nearing the end of a scene...might just keep going as long as the battery allows
They'll end up in a good home!
Happy Mother's Day Molly.
so cute!
Just woke up , shower ,then off to my grandmas house <3
i would be the happiest girl ever if you followed me i lovee youu!
JOIN US & DISCOVER THAT IT REALLY IS SIMPLE TO JUST REDIRECT...
I didn't even know the Pacers won tonight. Them boys hungry. Hope they keep it up.
Protesters hang anti-Bank of America banner on stadium
I got u.. Nextweek.
Things that weigh as much as I have lost: 5 gallons of water, the average female American bulldog (or 4 mini-dachshunds), a human leg, etc.
Thank you - We are ALL excited about meeting you :)
awesome!!! Had a "Mila weekend" watching Friends with Benefits and Black Swan :-)
Anyone looking for logo design? I know someone offering an awesome rate!
...dealing w/ the past & present violence of US narcism & how this violence contributes to the drug complex becoming
you look really pretty in your profile picture! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
apparently the air isn't water holy bangarang
You gotta risk it for the biscuit.
Nice to tweet you to
I kinda just hate everyone.
you are now in the cult. TWITTER 4 LIFE
Reggie Leach~ Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.
shout out to the
Good Monday : What people say you cannot do, you try and find that you can ~ Thoreau
hehe you're so smart :)
buildin a studio bro?
Its a #AlohaFriday kind of day!
My bet is that the UT editorial today, and responses will result in plenty of Dem votes (like mine) for him
This coffee got me going on 10+.. I gotta be up for a couple of more hours...
It's funny that we still call these business docs "white papers" when they're almost always in digital format nowadays
suddenly this is everywhere... what makes it so amazing? #LetMeExplain <=== you.
So who is going to be coaching the then this year?
Lookn 4 a great day ... God WILL continue to bless his church! Excited 4 what God has in store for our new pastor!
what is your favorite book if you have one if not who have you been dieing to work with singer/actor
awesome! Want to do 1230 during the break? I think that's when it is?
Getting my sew in back i missed it too! Lol
My husband had to write some ideas down. He chose a crayon and construction paper. Kids change everything.
Bag full of chips, we ain't talkin Ruffles <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Babysitting my cousin (:
is it the tall ugly one? with the big nose? haha
When girls wear too much eyeliner I personally want to wash their face for them.. It kills me !
Im Happy Af!!
winning a free movie at #mumorgan!
Very glad to hear! What did you have? RT: : Always. Food outstanding! Service outstanding!
San Diego! Get to right now- ms walk fundraiser w/live music & happy hr all night!
If you didn't know, we've got some of these inside out critters in our windowscape by Yarn Bomb LA... rounds up some of the...
Life is a roller coaster. You have to hold on and enjoy it. It's always full of twists and turns, but it's the feeling you get afterwards!
#20ThingsAboutMe 12. I've seen Greenday in concert 4xs my fave 1 has 2 b when they came 2 Tulsa back in '00 so close I could c the sweat :-)
DYK? 11-year WNBA veteran Wendy Palmer is a member of Zeta Phi Beta ..
Im watching show. Jennifer Hudson looks great!
But why on earth would you want a full rez version on your phone? That makes no sense.
um ya... Did u have like a Kik, or instaDM or um Voxer?
can't go friday
BRAND NEW N.O.D. "ROLL 1 SMOKE 1" DROPS EXCLUSIVLY AT MIDNIGHT TONIGHT!!! FREE DOWNLOAD..FREE DOWNLOAD..FREE DOWNLOAD..HAPPY 420!!!
haha I know she's following me!!!
I think I underestimated the Catholic influence out here In Cali they have no clout. But here Good Fri is a big deal.
Would your grandparents like the music you listen to today?
Madison Police are looking for the suspect involved in a hit and run this afternoon near the UW Campus. It happened near Bascom Hill.
Let's be friends!?
And I need to stop letting my personal crap get in the way of my job. It's time to grow up and deal with things differently.
WATCHING YOU GUYS RIGHT NOW ON YOUNOW ! <3
Maria really just lifted up my skirt . I HATE YOU .
Thanks for all the birthday wishes :)
y'all live in VA ya? Know anything about Floyd Fest? Curious to see what the locals have to say... if uve even heard of it
My last retweet is so damn funny
No I don't like you, I just thought you were cool enough to kick it.
....and they look amazing from what I saw of you and tiffany! :)
Istanbul? Anyone going?
#ThingsIgetalot you and your mom look so much alike <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
You text Sarah?
they don't feel you though P! RT : if you aren't talked about you're irrelevant.
I did it, traded in the #iPhone for the #Samsung #Galaxy Note. A pain for a diehard #Apple user to set up. But now, cautiously optimistic!
the Boston #MBTA looks like a tin of over-packed sardines every morning...i dream of an empty T just once.
I wish I could be the Bonnie to ur Clyde
o man hang in their!!! I know how u feel, I'm a fan of the Orioles.... :(
Those paintbrush pockets
I love how people believe in a god when there is no evidence youdont believe what a person says unless you see it Why believe an oldass book
totally should be able to demolish them!
RT : We all need that time to refresh our minds, bodies, spirits. ...We can stagnate and run out of inspiration.
Wim Wenders in person this Thur. at Horton Plaza following the 7 pm screening of "Pina." I'll be conducting the post-show Q&A. BE THERE!
who you drinking with?
Spoke on Ebooks vs. Apps-Do you have books or do you have content? DM me for slide deck or have questions.
Watch TV that's Boring.
come over to Macy's downstairs in the food court
#WeWontWorkIf you don't like sports or camping.
FREEZING. At #PetcoPark for #openingday --its stupid cold in Petco's control room.
My 8mo old loves classical music like Mozart or Nirvana.
Joanne Brandes is amazing. If you're not listening to her now come to UWM's Womens conf Friday.
Share your joy! What's the best thing that happened today?
it's agonizing to read tweets like that - please get some help.
aye bro!
I haven't laughed this hard in ages.
Ooh, have fun! That will be great to see on the big screen!
We're happy to be involved! Nice to emeet and
true greatness should never go unrecognized when you're defining true perfection in life.
What do people think? Was that Patrick Crawley or Peter Gordon? I think it was Peter...
Thanks! I think it'll be fun to do another tumblr or just expand what I have already to include non GP stuff :D
hahah knew you wouldn't be able to keep that a secret... See ya soon ladies!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
Stay focused. Trust your gut. Listen carefully.
ahh the marxist, you should get along just fine
Ready to start my new workout today...
Want breakfast on us? Nominate your company by tweeting and use #AdminProfWeek by 4/16. Zipcar for business members only.
I want to womb you.
damn it, man! go to bed before the sun rises!
Does anyone have any recommended markets to look into for work?
Wait - Hollywood's awesome and all, but... you guys are coming back, right? Or did you move?
jammin' some metro station
Spent the last hour convincing my dad to wait til tomorrow to hitchhike to chicago to buy a car.
Witches of Eastwick, by John Updike.
time to degree is supposed to be 6 years I think, I would say in my case my own damn procrastination got me 8!
Signs of spring: rows of school buses, laughing kids, and flowers in the Valley.
Ready For Hatteras!
Be the hero of your office, bring in breakfast tacos from the Goat!
Nasty left handed dunk by
the annual launch of the Munchmobile, our food review truck.
just woke up , ehhh .
surprisingly pleased by accidental usage of head and shoulders shampoo.
No new followers, I guess I should have mentioned that tablet from Apple;) Next time we'll be more organized with times for testing
indeed. A static roster inevitably declines.
The man who can smile when things go wrong has thought of someone else he can blame it on.
Can't wait to hang with tonight
Recording new song tomorrow. The song sounds dope and I can't wait for you all to hear it! <3
RT : RT : Facebook working with Nielsen for ROI data, available by end of 2011.
Rested after working at the market. Now at Now That's Class and then bela dubby to see some bands.
weekend pants and fluffy banana pancakes!
We're giving away 2 tix to party it up with while we celebrate the release of his latest tome, #TheRepublicanBrain. Takers?
Don't try your heart out for someone if there not willing to do the same.
Hm, has a satellite truck at 48th & Garfield. Wonder what that's about.
Evolution is some strange shit. For example, the platypus
whats good #cambridge / #boston ?!
Love ya Sandy Your always #1 make sure the garbage disposal is running when you drop little Jesse down the drain.
I like it.
Jeff Van Gundy's nitpicking of NBA minutiae used to be Larry David-ish, but this season he's sounding more like Andy Rooney.
only you could be you
11:11 pm on 11/11/11. ;) Make a wish you guys and be positive about it. :)
r.i.p. whitney houston so sad
Celebrate this gorgeous Saturday with a grassfed beef burger and a Banana Walnut Chocolate Chip shake!
Mitt Romney is only mouthing what he been scripted by his manipulators... for the rich,by the rich...think my brothers
RT: Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, is Time Magazine's Person of the Year.
So #MittRomney doesn't remember tormenting anyone. Bullies usually don't remember, their victims (& witnesses) do though.
Gym class next. Playing some basketball! Got mad skills!
Ima miss you bro !:'c
Mike Webb playing gorgeous piano on Flying Mercury right now.
RT At the #stylebloggerawards where everyone is enjoying fabulous Mauritian Mule Pink Pigeon Rum cocktails! Yummy!
My TL got me scared to go outside. Lol.
i hate when ppl cant roll blunts!!!!
Cant wait till this summer imma get a shit ton supreme shit...
Marquette offered a scholarship today to Rice Lake freshman Henry Ellenson.
Someone unbalanced my scales today. The Philly came out today<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>. I'm normally über professional.
My phone is FINALLY dying
bro, wipe ur crumb with a clorex bleach wipe your 10 steps ahead of the game-----ur crumbs brand new
Good job Mia! Keep me posted.
Watching the LAD game? Harang's dealing.
How are all of my Duganites doing???
dont you just miss your moms already!?
Am Tweeting Kathleen Feely's panel IT and human services stay tuned!
Damn, Mike Tomlin looks like will.i.am. I wonder who gave the halftime talk.
Just got my bling costume Two words: gold jacket.
Had a wonderful Thanksgiving! Nice and quiet and no shopping!
where are u up to?! It gets amazing at the end of book 2!
Product of the day: tiao he cleanse $42.75 Great to balance your bodies intestinal & digestive systems. Mynsp.com/CleanStart
talking about me? cause I text you back bit.
The day that I become tied down is the day I'm absolutely blown away by a guy who makes a girl that cares about no one care about someone
these responses are making my night too!
TAKE A PICTURE PPLLZZ!!!
` juss a random questions to parents on my TL, what has been the most beautiful memory of parent hood for yu? DONT BE AFRAID TO ANSWER
I like to believe that a centuries-old wizard handed Dio all of the music and lyrics to the Holy Diver album on a mountain
why do you pretend you are beatfiul
Thank u for relaying this Omar! We can usually help locate cars if you tweet the local office :)
I am a ninja!
The only reason I got a yearbook was so that I could get TBHs on paper..
Today was the most fun festival day ever. I can't wait to get up and do it all over again tomorrow! Yay Inman Park!
#MyProblemIs That I Always Jump To Conclusions And Assume Stuff .
That awkward momenet when you're talking about someone and then you realize they're right behind you.
Beer Baron spy reports Common Thread is on tap at Great Dane Eastside.
My heart is pounding right now...
cops r always there already. As long as its peaceful they aren't breaking any laws. Screw that
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for a Technical Services Director in San Diego, California. The Technical Services Director will be…
you were great today as co-host! You should think about hosting your own radio show.
Hanging out at the LMS and soc media session
RT During sex do you think midgets do it puppystyle?
#onethingivelearnedrecently Live your life wisely, not cautiously.
Haha. Yeah, they have the basketball texture on them. Air Walks were my thing back in elementary
my mom saw me all up on this one girl and she got really pissed and she's alright with parties
live streaming of WTA matches at begin tomorrow on and Wednesday on (ESPN3). TV next weekend.
Carly rea jepson playing at earth bar.. Reminds me I need to call
TEENS! TONIGHT THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO! 98.5 THE BEAT LIVE! DOORS OPEN AT 7!! DJ PRODIGY IN THE MIX!
These #Nuggets fans need to simmer down ur team us losing my friends
Hey! Long time no see. How long have you been running a social media consulting biz???
You should Google Eat This Not That...Cheesecake Factory is the number one offender, even the salads are bad & B4 cheesecake!
Gonna be at the lanier high school graduation tonight...
Baby carrier- I had to try them all on to do a practice run!
Having a conversation with a 78 year old man has only two possibilities. Enlightening or unfathomably awkward.
You just got love Iowahawk. He is THE wit to follow.
Hard Knocks: Alpha vs. Omega (Halo parties in s basement)
oh you are just so wonderful. love you, beautiful friend!
no way cool man!!
Exterminator just arrived to remove the beehive, and even he seems intimidated. Eeesh.
Grotto tonight. I hit the decks about 10:30. See you there.
me and my co-workers always make fun of how the hotel guests take their pants off as soon as they get in the room. and here i am.. pantsless
Seven...More Reps
Damn girl...sounds like a death march, but a good one at that. Have fun! Going to Kooyong???
A HUGE thanks for following to I'm such a fan and everyone else should be too! He wants to draw a cat for you! : )
How can something be "new" & "improved"? If it's new then what is it improving?
Not that I know of, but I'm not a 4chan / reddit frequenter. If so, they'll hit tumblr by...let's say Sunday.
Congrats to our friends as their parent org, Edible Communities Awarded 2011 James Beard Publication of the Year Award
TRADE DOWN!!!
To all my local followers The Cutting Edge is celebrating our 3rd year in business with 50% off all haircuts! Check us out.
I ate so much food at the buffet so not hungry for dinner. Want to meet by the panel now? I'm up front
I love music so much I want to take my radio and smash it into my face.
Gotta new bitch she looks nothin like my last fling
Love your glassware ! Nebbiolo, Bordeaux, and Burg all taste gr8!
worst. Commercial. Ever. Love it. I call my sister in India.
ooooohhh... i just found my present from you! don't worry about wrapping it... i heart the kirkland cookware set!!! THANK YOU!
We've been through this. If you have a question, feel free to submit one! :)
Dear life, I LIVE YOU!!!
I'd rather live a life of "oh wells" than a life of "what ifs".
so my mom said that Noah might be getting out of the hospital this or next week c: ohh cant wait to see my nephew<3
I'm about to be!
;; Yeah ! Like really randomly ! Lol .
cool, thanks I'm now registered for #501techSea ... looking forward to it!
Library of Congress is amazing. Supreme Court or Arlington for changing of the guards.
Only 11 more days!! Use promo code CHARGED for a FREE #car2go membership & 30 min of FREE driving time! RT & sign up now!
If I'm not following you back and you want me to-- sent me an @
is that a dig at me for neglecting twitter?
Boats and hoes
Posterous acquired by Twitter. Interesting.
marry ALL the Weasley's!
#LRT I love sports .. but thats not true though :/
Good on cameron for not doing what the euro folks want us to do
someone just sent an email to our robot order fulfillment account addressed to "Gentlemen"--should I sign my reply "A Lady"?
Awesome, thanks! Is that Skype recording extension a free program?
#traderjoes opening soon in Sarasota but nothing for Broward area
Private Glue Gun reporting for duty. It's an honor to serve with you. *saluted and gets glitter in her hair*
Isn't it funny you and your family turned farm land into Golf Courses but you despise #Carmel redevelopment! #disagree&friends
Really ? #disappointed #onepercentambassador RT Kid Rock joins Mitt Romney in rally before Michigan primary
#IfYouDontBecomeAFan of we cant be friends.
Hey, imma directioner, and this is crazy, and if you are too, could you follow me maybe? <3 104 more
Tonight is the night...
Any case studies of soft skills training (marketing, critical thinking, strategic planning, etc) via social media?
RT : word on the street is that you're single, so baby have you heard my single?
I'll just get ice cream and watch movies by myself.
I was dumb to give us another chance.
Don't forget to tune in tonight for Around the World in 80 Plates on - cheer on !! Go get 'em girl!!!
Just ordered 's Border Wars. Sweet!
#Browns trade 4 picks to move up 1 spot for Richardson. Then use another 1st rounder to take a QB when they already have McCoy?
Someone should bring me sushi now.
I'm finding that to be so
so u thought that pie u just bought at a farmers mkt was inspected by the state? Neither did I, leave them alone.
thanks for the retweet. Dan
When you make a mistake, admit it. If you don't, you only make matters worse. -Ward Cleaver
I hate that I like the Neon Trees.
damn I ant Chris brown
great success
about time
Steve Novak is the reincarnation of Dan Majerle
Haha hell yeah I am!
Sorry to hear about your experience. Could you send more info to and we'll follow up?
can you follow me?
with one too many blue moon....I assume?
I'm not the biggest rogue fan but I have to say, their chocolate stout is pretty darn good. I'm surprised you didn't mention this one
Hey Fitzgerald thanks for the #FF luv & the blog shoutout!
Emotions, Stigma and the "contagion" factor can make talking about someone's suicide very stressful, confusing
Sun is shining and I am ready for my interview at the !
standing on kenny's side of the stage tomorrow~~~~
Brewers bullpen.
Enjoy the win Chi town, you lose Oprah on Monday and game 2 on Wednesday!
I'm live tweeting my random drug test
Just Tebowed to the porcelain God
haha! the english language isn't equipped for future talk.
imma stop talking to EVERYONE, if you wanna be my friendd, then you TALK TO ME, andd i'll talk backk! idgaff no moree..
I wonder if I can get a 0 on my chem test and still have an A.
That's SUCH a lovely thing to read first thing in the morning. Thank you for the call. I can't wait to see you in July! x
lol thank you i will
Everybody tryna fight sad case
Now I have to actually try and sleep... ASDFGHJKL;L
yes. once i learn how, i'll open it up asap. trying to figure out how.
Separate yourself from the competition w/a powerful resume that is LinkedIn ready. Free resume critique
City night lights
I keep getting compliments on my avi lol so #s/o to you!
Having the same dessert - wicked.
Putting my creative boots back on!
I'm super tired
the colder weather is what I am referring to! Bring it on!
proud of you, no matter the outcome.
I nominate you for best #dhtrial tweet for that one
You just be drinking that bull shit ......I ain't really seen you get off anyway
Dir.Tracy Plouck from is kicking off the event
Why buy a house? Wanna know???
Or not, that's cool too...
Yesterday, the 2nd grader I volunteer to read to told me that she would take me to Wonka's factory if she found a golden ticket
heck yeah!!! We will work on a few Alabama shows for sure!!!
Hello any Gladiator training in your near future? Not that you need it!:)
Serendipity and Simplicity meet, congratulations to Highlight for making a location based SM that I really could use!!!!...
Chris Davis- touching 90 mph.
You've shamed me into #gratitude. No more whining about copy edits.
Me, I'd blame the Avengers. They desperately need big scale nemeses...and I can't think of a better person to play Dr. Doom.
I thought Graveyard Book was bit "odd" too. Thanks for Maggie's perspective!
At CQ.com now: My story on the path for the fiscal 2012 intelligence authorization bill in Congress, with House to vote this week.
It's even easier if you're broke!
Wow, only a year ago attended his first community event at #SQLRALLY and now he's presenting and doing AWESOME job!
yeah prince to but ray idk about him
RT : very very solid #LeanStartup case study on by
absolutely!!!!! DM details!
not a very good attitude to go into a match with. Haha
In the annals of clueless remarks by , the one advising ppl to "borrow $ from yr parents" takes a bakery full of cakes.
Defined: "Worst timing in history" My laptop seems to have taken a dump one month before the end of the final semester of grad school.
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine
“: We thought Carl Petersen was bad...this regime much the same. Hold grudges when the truth is told.” I'll take Carl
Just met #Team365. Very interesting...
It took 17 books for Charlaine to hit it big with the Sookie Stackhouse series. Just remember, fame and fortune doesn't come fast or easy.
Try our dinner special tonight. chicken thighs with an orange cream sauce and served with green beans and salad!
Everybody discuss tanking in the N.B.A. Ready, set, go!
my food settling hxe
Say hello for me! Miss that place. miss the fam!
I put a $400K offer on it. I know its low but I hope to have a chance for it. I love the outdoor space :)
Hey baby!!! What's up?
Now businesses can learn from what they do
Amen. That man gives sellouts a bad name. RT : And Arthur Davis needs his proverbial ass kicked...
takes one to know one haa! jk :x
no, not this time. Im staying in Houston with Bosley.
Working on getting my dating website off the ground www.datefair.dateer.com
Star Wars is on >:D
not exactly sure WHEN beer started to turn/change, but my guess is mid to late March. Coffee left & gave way to sour.
Tomorrow is #VictoryDay in #Russia. Let us know how you #Celebrate!
Schools & districts use Speak Up data for planning, community engagement & student discussions
Come and get your cars washed at Tire Kingdom from 3-6!! $5 for cars, $10 for trucks. Support Habitat!!! :)
You can commit more crime with a smile than you can with a gun. ~ Sam Antar, Former CFO of Crazy Eddie's
“: I hate it when my friends are distressed. I wish I could take the pain away.” love you booboo ;)
UL is getting smoked by providence right now on espn2. I could watch this all day.
truly diamond!!!!!:)
I'll be watching "Slavery By Another Name" tonight on TPT. The documentary comes highly recommended by a usually reliable source.
The Browns are threatening to kick a field goal
Often, the events are not as obvious as seen in OSA, and in many cases, a person affected by UARS may not even snore
On my way to set. Great way to start the week. Working as
...ah...a run..que bueno..lets bust it open now #yankees :)...<Yeah...get this party started...my beer/wine running out!
loving the shoutout!
lifes a bitch, so enjoy fucking her.
Thinking about starting a blog related to my manifesting the venture of solar in real estate investments.....
When did they change the name of a master bathroom to an en suite? It's still a Master Bathroom to me....
Where was that lane violation?
hahah really.wow man;)x
Both breast grow at the same time :)
What To Wear To... An Investor Pitch Meeting
powered by autopoesis, is retweeting all the #comm605 tweets that say Luhmann. Look for this retweet.
just finished helping out with remote at #staples for game 7
FINALLY got laid ! Thank god, it has almost been 3 months.
it is delicious. I highly recommend it!
After describes Mpls local taxes as state taxes in Mpls, Rep. Downey deduces that even the Mpls portion is State money
We would love too! But as of now, Vegas is our only date this season. I hope that you can make it :)
If you walked through my thoughts, you'd be like Alice walking through Wonderland. NOTHING WOULD MAKE SENSE!
Airport advice for those of you who don't fly much: Dont stand 2” behind me in line and get upset when I turn around and bump you. Welcome.
RT Don't get so caught up in being accessible to the world that you become inaccessible to your family. < Balance is key!
At Cincinnati Reds game. They have "DAD 1" shirt but no "MOM 1" shirt. Missed opportunity?
Im Still Lost D; Wtf ? Why Cant I Find The Way To My House ? o.O
I wish I could take it back but I can't. It's not a day i don't think about it. But I blame myself
Learned today: "To be or not to be" written in iambic trimeter. Did you know that? Now you do.
is that your dog??!?!? It's the cutest thing that's ever happened to me.
this coughing thing is getting old
need a song to pull your heartstrings today? suggests listening to representing the green mountain...
Lucky for you, I'm undecided... About everything.<3
RT No fight has ever been won by a guy wearing an argyle sweater vest.
Happy 2010 to all my online friends. Let's make this a peaceful and prosperous year! Cheers!
thanks to and for the advice and just general awesomeness. safe travels!
perfectly executed "that's what she said". Well done!
Dude. The scene when the T-Rex knocks the jeep over in Jurassic Park still gives me nightmares.
ah man i miss my old country songs...
is having 2 turkey Brats with onions and ketchup...... in Memory of... "SUMMER" 2011
Next Music Seminar to take place at the StarDome in Hoover Alabama - October 9. www.StarMentors.com
lol ok, I figured, but had to ask lol
Happy Thanksgiving! I know I'm late. Next week I'll wish you a Merry Christmas. I should catch up to Passover and Easter around Memorial Day
Approx 30 mins until trivia for 2 tix to game today! Everyone get your fingers/thumbs ready first (fully correct) answer wins!
LetterThree shares with your enrollment staff what the pharmaceutical industry has known for years. Learn the basics of precall planning
Can't wait until you get here!!
thank u babe! I love u to :)
Happy Friday Everyone!
RT : Looking for an #iPad #app that is similar to the Intel Visual Ranking Tool. Can anyone in #edtech help?
Thanks for reaching out to Everybody Deserves Music you can e-mail & we'll get back to you : )
yeah a matrix bullet dipped in gay:0
sophomore conversation was cheeelll
Click on DETAILS in the app, it'll explain the data! Has to do with earth's mass variations.
Real men dont eat ice cream
#repogames is an awesome show
THAT'S a good one...toss up between that and "Fight For Your Right" for next one.
i never would have called if i wasn't trying to see you.
No thanks, you can have them when I die doe.
wants an invite for Google+.
no baby
Cleaning a couple of load docks tonight. Which will be worse the garbage, the bugs or rodents? Don't matter, I'm gonna clean it up real nice
Guess what? We are announcing our first Zoo Amp 2012 show TOMORROW that's what!
I hate when ppl pick you over Someone else like really grow up
Virtual public base classes and multiple inheritance - yow! I do the thinking so you beat makers don't have to!
Sharon Needles is my pick for America's Next Drag Superstar!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>
: MLA posters were due 4/23; they won't be available electronically until the conference
Haven't tweeted in, like, forever--fall print book list has got its talons into me for next 4 months. But dig projects are in the offing.
Best wknd ever. Perfect wedding, long drive with Al listening to new mixes, favorite people, more shrimpngrits than we thought possible.
I want to lay in bed, drink wine & eat popsicles all day.
it's alright just ignore my tweets ;c
great trailers for the rest of the season and #Galaktikon so damn good!!!
It's HARD to keep mf's from unfollowing you
True, maybe start with someone slightly less voracious
Running for the first time in two weeks. Hope I remember how to do this.
i only get on to talk football with my #packer peeps. so, i'm not on much either.
Game 1 in indy...courtside...coach k..roy w...mark t...jt3...huggins...laranaga...d hill...seth g...stay tuned!
u already have them
#BOYFRIENDvideo IS AMAZING GO AND LOOK THE VIEWS WOW!!!!!! :)
you wouldn't learn anything with Jordan in the same room as you omg
Nissan is reintroducing the Datsun brand, which will produce inexpensive cars for foreign markets by 2014.
Where have I been? Anybody care? It hasnt been Twitter cuz had to click on names to see what they said. Been to London & Florida back in LA
Don't forget about the meeting tonight: 7pm, Room 230, Middleton Library! (Followed by Revolutionary Reading Circle)
I've seen more crack today than I've ever wanted to see. Ladies, Pull of your pants!!!!
Yes Robert Glasper....put me to sleep...Can't wait till March 6th! :)
Suck it Boston. #TheCurseoftheAndino and #JenRoyleCurse is real folks.
“: Joe Pa is trending, and he's has no idea what that means. #PSU” truth.
Who let the weasel on the stage??
holy poop that is just bad luck
good big pic/purpose of ethics
9:30 can't come fast enough! Let's do this!
Wake up in the morning got the yearnin for...
When it comes to genre fiction, I'm inclined to ignore the lit types. No offense to them, but kids want good stories...
I'm sure they'll be very happy to have been randomly selected.
Getting excited for in Chicago. Hoping he gets me the Dell Boy hook up.
This is going to be an amazing day!!
Dear BET on demand is suppose to help us catch up on what we missed. Why is it I have to watch the Game starting at ep 506 where's 1-5
family time, that's what's up
is correct. Entering a date of travel 1/29 or later will give you route information and stops for the new GreenLine
Pics are up on our Facebook. Let me know.
I like that plan. Dibs on Franz.
Has anyone read "Fifty shades of Gray"? Is it good? Interesting? Provocative? Crap? What is the deal?
#FF because they know me personally and will call me on my bullshit, should I spout any!
What is known as the King of Cocktails? The Manhattan. Come to Barrel 44 Whiskey Bar tonight and try one. 1120 N. High St., Columbus
YESS YESS PLEASE DO FOLLOW MEE ID REALLY APRECIATE IT AND PLEASE FOLLOW to XD lots of love
Beautiful Sunday :)
V.U., I like the resolutions. (V. is a personal friend of mine, & a bright, entertaining dude.)
My band is headlining a show may 12 at music evolution in orland park!!
I was the kid next door's imaginary friend.
I hate when I'm listening to music really loud and I have to keep pausing it because I constantly think I'm hearing my name being called.
we want more Kirstie =)
#CAD2012 strong voices make a difference for children.
. they didn't evacuate Blumenthal but a lot of people left anyway. Very minor trembling in our building
what said.
He remembered that they were but flesh a passing breeze that does not return. Ps 78:39
Weekend, I hardly knew ye.
it's really cold. Not snowing today but it did a few days ago. I'm so ready for summer
RT : Is there a careers email where I can send you my resume for DONDA?
Haven't even launched yet but was telling somebody what we do and his reply was ” I'll take one. When can you have it ready.
African American and Hispanic girls are more likely to view themselves as leaders than Caucasian and Asian girls.
Insert Baby powder into palm of hand... Now SLAP that bitch!
Tip #83: Practice with as much intensity as when you play. This way when you reach that critical moment you will be prepared to succeed.
you may think that, it's okay. People have opinions.
#bestdressed is Penelope Cruz. Color is great on her. Love her short hair. Beautiful jewelry. Love.
Retweeing some updates from today as they host CEO Ursula Burns today. Stay tuned for #leadership advice!
well we honestly appreciate it. And you. More than words do justice.
Hahahahaha!!“: don't drown yourself in the fountain after the concert tonight! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA>”
and what are those expectations grounded in? You is a clipper fan after all lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
whatever!... And dont put stuff if your not gunna even show them!
cause of Penguin duh
Sometimes i wish i could go back to last year and change the things that has happened.
I have a weeklong to do list for our social media agenda now...
Thinkn bout goin bck to school to study Mechanics
It's officially Christmas time! Watching Elf with my sister.
Whenever I cum, God thanks me.
Oreo cookies turn 100 today! RT this to celebrate 100 years of celebrating the kid inside!
Brunch this morning was good. And afterwards, I had to mow the lawn.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
NYC go find and eat up all of her food. Its Free why not.
movie with my dad... Message me on twitter so we cn tlk more
In that ''wanting to go to a carnvial'' kinda mood.
are you going to do index cards, or some digital equivalent (i.e. Evernote?) instead?
stop saying yolo. it's not cool
Please follow ?? It would mean a lot for me :DD
I may or may not be crying right now just having read that last tweet.
Lisa made pico with tomato and pablabo pepper from the garden. M.
Please follow me back?:))
anyone else seeing the human centipede 2 at midnight tonight?!?
<U+FFFD>Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best
Thanks so much!!
just listened to your newest Black on Black show!! #FIRE when the next joint?
i'm not sure why some people choose bullying as their preferred method of business. we're supposed to be grownups here.
“: that articles perfect! get. it. girl” wow! Thanks for the compliment. More articles on soon!
check your msg's
Thanks for the photo at the game, B! Next stop: playoffs!!
Thanks for sharing!
Thank you so much!
:) GRATULATIONS :) I LOVE U JUSTIN
Yeah, it's slower than turtles stampeding through peanut butter... Unplug and plug back in, helped me a lil bit
it's gunna be the dopeness.
Beautiful day for biking in Spokane. Must've been a cat holiday. One ginger kitty spoke and approached--I felt guilty for riding past.
SING BITCHES. IT
yay! So excited!
now that you have your priorities straight, how about working on lowering my taxes!
Liz, You have hit on my passion. If everyone could see Special Needs people in a different light, can you imagine?
angels and gentleman . Best mix tape ever!<3 g.c.f<3
please follow it would mean alot:D
The music vs. The Industry.
Dear 5:00, Please hurry up and get here already!!!!!!! k:) thanks!
Happy B'day Sparty! RT Also, today is mine & 's b-day. If u don't wish us a happy b-day you can go straight to hell!
Good morning everbody!!!!!
"I pray that you may have power to grasp how wide and long and high and deep is the love of Christ!" Eph. 3:17-18
Why did this pregnant chick bought some cigarettes? only White people.
Great discussion! I was really late but read all the earlier tweets. Thanks Melanie! Thanks litchat!
i dont think its till the 30th but don't forget, you don't wanna miss it
Fuck typing on trains.
this was my shit back in the day
I need a summer job, gotta start looking I don't wanna work at Ross again, fuck customer service
What part of town are you in?
Well I guess you're rationalization is also wrong, LOL don't you get tired of that?
#ITALYLOVESDEMI stay strong, i believe in you <3
Get Security cameras From us before theives get a flat screen from you!!!!
#NF RT : ....Hi...to all of the twitter world that is ha ha. And I can't forget to say, No Pressure No Diamonds Lady Bears
I bet bro. Catch some z's when you can. That's not healthy.
love you too. Where are you?
Thank u so much <3
hey Jeff
On central ave, working, getting paid to sit in a booth all day. #Win!
I still use a Powerbook G4, though rarely now. Was a primary computer until about a year ago.
Apparently the battery wasn't the problem with my laptop seeing as it still doesn't work. Looks like I'll be driving to Nashville tomorrow.
#shoutout to everybody who helped us make it this far! teamwork is the dreamwork & keep ya hustles up. #boppo!
learning affiliate marketing. any tips??
I love Matchbox Twenty. HATE ME.
de texas o como se escriba
'It is the sign of the times with more kids skateboarding than playing little league baseball today.' -Tony Hawk
went from MySpace to all the way to the billboards POW
Love this! Especially the peeing and the carrot thing...gotta confess.
Oh shnapppppp! Goin on a trip for Spring Break =P ATV's... Hiking... Ps3 and owning nubbies on Black Ops... Fun =D I sound nerdy now... lol
Looks like ESPN disregarded my autodraft strategy in favor of an age-based algorithm. Should KILL in the Wisdom/open-heart-surgery category
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hooray you figured the microphone out. When do we get the mandatory #FridayFacts makeup?
That is the idea behind our work. Have you seen our books?
There is a world of difference between doing things right and doing the right things.
Damn It! I wanted to come along.
who u like better to win this okc game?
Congratulations to Biscuit for such a remarkable card! How did your little doodle receive this correspondence? So jealous. ;-)
- came across your blog today, good stuff! Would be great to chat sometime about our current UX opps.
Jennifer Trayers says the couple planned to have children, and got along well, in the years before she allegedly murdered him.
Oh my I love it! I will soon miss you too!
Awesome game! Go pack!
Sounds great! Great Urban Salad, burgers,fish &more!
sounds like a good plan. Good luck. Let me know if you need any UK help!
so looping? Lol what
this lady always trying to bother somebody.
“A children's story that can only be enjoyed by children is not a good children's story in the slightest.” C.S. Lewis
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that's always tryna go places wit people when they wasn't invited
Forgiving is much easier than forgetting
You're a chocolate genius!
agh! Awesome! Alrightyy! This weekend? Ill text ya :)
happy birthday bro. Have a good one
I'm bored as hell in class, somebody hit me up!!!
Trying not to laugh out loud when watching be a horse
Support our Artists at Poised Creation! They support charities in your community!
"PymP" by limpbizkit feat. jonathan davis and method man
Finding Terranova a bit cheesy. Meh.
Morning! Thank you for the follow!
i didnt mean to wink
Can't believe Chicago wasn't selected as a home for one of the retiring space shuttles! We had an anthem all ready for it!
maybe it really is sunday and everyone else is wrong.
August 4th Global Wine Tasting: 6pm - 9pm at Casa Del Mara in Lake Worth - More at www.southfloridaalerts.com
Pretentious people are pretentious. It's occurring now.
yeah. *wipes hands on legs*
I'll be at the #NationalActorsDay event tonight. Curious if any of my fellow actor friends will be there.
isn't who married?
bring em all!
Playing with people at the opposite end of the world?...
MattyB always replies to you(:
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetMeMad When there are 2 cars in 2 lanes both driving under the speed limit & not letting anyone pass.
Blessed to wake up another morning
I'd much rather have a Pap Smear done than to listen to some of my co-workers boring ass conversations
LOL so i'm guessing it's better? :P
Tell her she is reading the right stuff! Reading the story as it emerged in the news was uncanny. Garner captured that.
I think, once I'm no longer UTSA's University Archivist, I may be compelled to come back as UTSA's unofficial University Historian.
thank you friend!
Damn the Orioles' pitching SUCKS, at least we won good seats
It is going to be interesting.
People the likes of Harold Camping have come and gone over the centuries, predicting the end of time for mankind.
When wil we see a Stand Ovation for Christopher Plummer when he wins the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor.
Today i've been at Justin Biebers concert check out theese pictures www.bit.ly/cSGyaG
hey thanks a lot for reading! Come back soon!
I love Sleepy Hollow.RT I agree. That was a great movie.
Important things from kids: It's more fun to color outside the lines.
#AskMindless will you guys ever come back to Indiana..We miss you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
i know u r going to the game today...have fun...it'll be rocking at the Rec today
Woking FC playing Arsenal FC's 3rd team tonight. Not sure about rumours that Fabregas and Gervinho putting in an appearance
Got Ketchup On My White T-Shirt.
When a song gives you the chills >>>
I feel like a complete idiot when I'm being interviewed - why can't I just submit my answers in writing so I can feel like a partial idiot?
Hope work go smoothly, it's my birthday dammit <U+E40E>
"Youth is like a long weekend on Friday night. Middle age is like a long weekend on Monday afternoon."
So hmm I jut realized something I think heyy dies his hair! God I'm slow
no people need to change that! (:
Do you have a CCNA Voice certification and are looking for something perm? If so, let's talk.
yeah Weeden provides fresh blood/ "hope" that Colt can't reproduce
Days like this make me love being a server. I am tired now though ready to watch an episode of #judgejudy that will wake me up!
Pallbearers are preparing to wheel #Seau's casket out of the church.
ha. they're not missing that much. working. trying to eavesdrop. start tweeting people!
Played a benefit 2nite 4 the new Pennsylvania Jazz Coalition org. A good crowd showed up 4 the auction & music. Lots of happy people.
IM BUYING THIS SONG ON ITUNES K.
EPTI... MEGA MOVER!!! R/M news any time now. Don't get left out!!!
Can't wait for the weather to get nice so I can hang out on the patio. Reminds me of New Orleans.
Great meeting with & learning from you too --Looking forward to working with you more. Oh, and nice play by play on the debate.
i like meeting new people! :)
You're telling me that you don't think *anyone* he's drafted so far will end up a top 50 at some point? I don't buy that.
YUM. I can't wait to try that!!
dear chipotle, i want you inside me
run today? Please.
Watching the #NASCAR Bojangles southern 500 race. live from darlington raceway.
Just had the best meal in 3 yrs here @ #crazywater. Thanks #chefnellbenton for sharing it.
Friday Flashback jam: Voice Of The Beehive - "I Say Nothing"
big time shout-out to Brian Kane, winger, as he contributed 15 of #MURFC s 25 total points.
Excited to have come across The Unofficial Harry Potter Cookbook while shelving
One word #Withey This boy
Love the NZ wines Kumeu my fave so far! Thanks for wine diversity!!! woo hoo!
Can't believe how creative her V Day present was, looking forward to all the other months to open up
*like*.. Think that breaks a twitter rule but whatevs.
i just don't like rock nation. Bunch of Alluminati's
Looking good, Brittany!
I'll join up gladly-Thanks Chip.
Editing going beautifully! Tedious.........but looking fantastic!
#mythoughtsatschool my back needs to pop.
Being there & understanding it! Enjoy while you can!
it wouldn't be #wisconsin without it! now we just need some snow!
RT It’s remarkable how little remorse I feel when I crush your Prius with my Batmobile.
I agree. Next week?
Love it: the box trying to figure out why Outlook crashed has itself crashed.
This will be a super cool event. Are you going?
offer still stands lol #ijs you either take it or not. *shrugs*
I missed 's following spree. WHY. WHY ME.?
Happy 13th Birthday to google.com! Definitely revolutionized the search engine
Only have a couple very minor things left for Snack Words. Should be submitted as soon as Apple lets me.
You can't own a position until you choose a position. Start with unique gifts and package them. You are the "free prize."
I'm going to hope it isn't true. But that seriously hurt me.
One day our alien overlords will have to deal with ancient human curses when they wreck our cemeteries for landing pads and plasma farms.
Shaquille O'Neal throwing his retirement / birthday party @ #Ibiza nightclub tomorrow (9pm-4am)
o...what are some of your options?
so you gonna take me tanning and shopping?
Thanks for the RT!
other person
It's just pass 5:00 AM and there's a crisp breeze and 52°F..
Blue Jackets game tonight. Holler if you're gonna be there!
I really wish niggas would stop #spamming us
I'm a sucker for the #predator movies
yeah true that
whats worse than biting in to an apple and find a maggot .........RAPE
#incaseyoudidntknow it's okay to cry, we all have emotions. Just becus you cry, doesn't make you a "bitch"
Hot dog on a Stick...funny hats the employees have to wear but good looking corn dogs!
One. More. Day.
Sometimes I just want to slap you, in the face really hard, but that would be animal abuse.
He's going on tour again & tickets sell in May, I believe! I'm so excited! (':
Pamper Party in 15 min yay!
thanks for the follow!!
we need to have a talk text me.
Live right now - The Best of Small Plate Radio - www.sprnetwork.com
srsly! After 3 beers — im going to leave this matter till tomorrow :)
FOLLOW THEN ASK FOR A FOLLOW BACK AND I WILL!!:) RT PLEASE<3
Suckas! ": daily cardinal for incoming freshmen : "Meet your chancellor: Biddy Martin""
Thanks to and for including #ScavengerHunt in last night's program!
Homos before skanky 'hos. Got my blade and Vaseline, we'll give the red room a fresh coating ;-)
That driver took "MOTORIN'" too literally.
Is it possible for the LMS to have multiple points of entry, so that everyone has a place, and use can grow 1/2
Future of EBooks @ Nat'l Arts Club #ONANYC and anniversary of John Butler Yeats
there's only one person who understands me... and that's the sea turtle from
can just be my very attractive British lover, is that okay..?! ;D xx
Conscience makes cowards of us all.
I think you meant democracy "inaction"--at least when it comes to protecting citizens from smoke.
Well, I starfuck unless it's something exceptional. That's when I RT. That's my rule of thumb.
I can condemn liberal-bashing, bad journalism, bigotry, etc. & still grasp the idea of "conservative" as an adjective w/ no value judgment.
(c) WITH THEM I WAITED FROM THEM TO COME ON SHAKE IT UP IM TRYING TO WORK INORDER TO SEE MY BABIES THINK WHAT YOU WANT (c)
Yes, robots are flummoxed by my name.
lil nigga im mad at you!!!!
Skrillex and David Hockney to premier new iPhone app/collaboration
hahaa alright!!!!! we should make a group LOL
Steve Kurtz nailed for using materials for his artwork. Faced a 20 year sentence in prison for having biotechnological bacteria.
Stupid warm feelings -.-
Bro you night traveling with your shorty. Niggas will jump a old lady in a wheelchair out here bro. Sad
Hulu Plus will show it
happy birthday!!!!! im a huge fan
It's a wine, movie and long underwear kind of night.
not looking forward to it!
what's confusing?
Thanks for the mention !
Wow. #dez is a monster... Guess I should have had more faith and started him in fantasy. Love those #cowboys though
Cindy, you go girl! Werk that brain.
Even drivers need editors. RT My driver just handed me a card on the way from the airport: "All rate's are negotiateable."
3 was so bad I don't mind the reboot and at least it isn't just Uncel Ben gets killed here we go ...
Thanks for the mentions and RTs !
"you pretty...you smell god um" getting hit on by the T driver #egoboost or #creepy ?
Thanks Kayla. We are doing great. We miss you and our NJ crew!
Just messing with you man. I can't wait to hear what you have to say about my #stories. Maybe you can come to booksigning
I am going to work on not being as awesome this year.
Same here.
thank you for the follow. I am a huge fan of your music.
How many pizzas will be consumed at the Helen C. House Party this year? Stop by Sept. 15 and count the empty boxes!
does it fell better to call someone babe or be called babe???
GOOD NIGHT SWEET DREAMS! lol :P have a gr8 day tomorrow!
True love doesnt only happen in fairytales it happens in real life to you just got find the one worth crying for
seaside? stormy out there?
Everyone wants others to understand their feelings, but no one wants to understand what others feel. Read & think thrice.
ctfu khadija told me, "i drove to school today. . . . ILLEGALLY." haha her dumb ass!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Laces out!!!! Hahahahaha wow!!
it's not it's
That was lame
KFC at my house .. Do I look black to you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
good morning
Committees on the Emerging Leaders
Good for you man.
Yeah, no problem, Stuart. Just wanted to bring the actual text of your tweet explaining the picture to
*smiles back* Just checking.
that would be awsome!! We need and #AskTheKameron !! Pwease!!
Watch the badger and golden eagles $2 shots and $2 burgers
i knoww!! he's probably walkin around shoing it of
Fair Oaks man is killed after being electrocuted. More info to come.
I don't care what you say - the hardest workers in LA are the Liberty sign twirlers! They're on every corner...
you should start a Kickstarter for a crappy video game. Those seem to do well.
#Leo MB guy of the day: Ray Ray
Hotch-A-Do 50% off at www.crowdclick.com
That's a real classic sit-com. I don't think there's anymore on tv other than Tyler Perry stuff.
Have a great day everyone! Heading 2 NYC 4 VO work, then home 4 rehearsal, then work.
#ThingsBlamedOnLeBron is trending....I feel like LeBron is behind this TT :P
good night pal
thanks to all my new followers this week :)
COME ON GUYS LETS GET #Replace1DSongsWithNandos TRENDING!!!
I been hurt to much hurt to much I don't wanna hear it I done heard too much...... I'm starting to think im going crazy. I <3 this song
- Favorite quote - "Mopery with intent to creep."
BC the younger generation doesnt wanna have to think
“ has most restaurants in list, with 8 (3 in top-10). France 2nd with 7; Spain had 5. #nobiggie” yum yum go USA!
Why do we hurt the people that love us, and try to impress the people that hate us
Anyone else notice the similarity btw Daughter of Smoke and Bone and Alias?
Watching mostly ghostly #oldmovie pretty cool
I've queried about several apartments in Harlem/Washington Heights/Inwood. Premature and also scary, but it's making things seem very real.
“: I have a few skeletons in my closet. Every single one of them deserved it. RT ”
Happy Weekend!!!!
#RIP #MJ #Amy #Whitney #Marilyn and
Much ado about brew tix on sale now @ kgoradio.com/beer
#Oomf makes no sense at all!!!
Seeing a good status on Facebook but not liking it because the person is a cunt.
I often try to understand why anyone would buy from my competition. I keep ending up with the same answer. Our only compeition is ignorance!
You can fool all the people all the time if the advertising is right and the budget is big enough. – Joseph E. Levine
music and school is my life
i really appreciate humble paleo peeps who dont get caught up in their popularity like and
Very cool. I've subscribed.
Shaq is too damn gargantuan to be singing and shit. Cut it out lol.
what up NPH, winning!!!
im good a its always DC or nothing with me
I'm drowning in my own tears listening to #TurnToYOu beautiful song ever.. we loveyou mama<33 gonna go show my mom<U+2665>
#illbethere for , today, tomorrow, and a l w a y s <3
I know not what course others may take; but as for me, give me liberty, or give me death! - Patrick Henry
WE KNOW IT'S NOT DELIVERY.
Go BULLS!
The potential possibilities of any child are the most intriguing and stimulating in all creation.
Looking forward to hearing Stephen Costello tonight in philadelphia!
Morning tweeps! Websites up but still have lots of work to do on it being that were just starting out..Anyone cheering for their teams Sat?
Wow how about that Cartier commercial, pretty impressive. Gosh can't imagine how much it cost to air it.
Well that just goes to show you who you can trust these days. Guess being friends since diapers doesn't count? Yep.
Seeing the world in a new creative light today.
how you doing ?? lol
Just because you don’t see a way doesn’t mean God doesn’t have a way. Keep trusting!
if it was yours and you lost it, you can find and have it again. If you can't have it again, it was never yours ;)
I got to go get my hair done dogg... Lol where we at 2nite. Lmao
Strange. I guess that was me cause I see them all on my wall. I'm sure my friends will enjoy them!
French Conversation Meetup 2nite at the Living Room in Old Town! New members welcome! 7:30 p.m.
if you're looking for dashboards for learning there's some interesting NSF stuff I've seen & can find again
that's such a great accomplishment!
thanks for the shout!! if u get a chance check my music out.. www.reverbnation.com/gstatus
Today is beautiful in the city!
did you forget I follow you on twitter. guess what, we are fucking done.
Last day of #NACA2012. You've been great to me Charlotte! Big ups making it BIG!
i want a follow back please :D
Nice catching up with you in Cincy. Hope all remains well.
Heading to the dealership. Could be coming home with a new car tonight!
i Js wana come to you ; scoop you up & go to Fairytale Land (: lol
D-Backs batting Blomquist leadoff. Ned can't beat that for bad managing.
On this day in 1914, President #Wilson officially established first national #Mother's Day.
Caffeinated cupcakes! Brilliant.
HE WORKiNG..iM WAiTiNG ON HiM TO TEXT MEH BACK...
Wow, that is a lot of pink events. May I suggest multiple calendars to separate the wheat from the chaff :)?
Free drink day! Go to and get yours.
Miami field trip. <3
not at all... Called it today
Just landed AMAZING auction item for the Gala. Never thought an experience quite that cool would materialize.
I GOT NSN :) I SAW NSN IN PREMIERE BUT NOW I HAVE IT IN MY HOUSE SO ITS MORE FUN CAUSE I SEE IT EVERYDAY :)
Are you listening to EmilyG on KISS?! Hit her up
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 47
besides Pittsburgh frankly was/is The team to beat and well..
RT : Any of my followers interested in winning $500? Follow for info about our upcoming freestyle battle
forget diamonds ! my best friend is chocolate . (^_^:) <3
Even I am not heartless enuff not to acknowledge this tweet! That's whats up fam! Miss you too!
So early
Birth control: the ONLY pharmaceutical Republicans don't want you to purchase.
RT Rain is the best!! I love it so much!
you're welcome c:
We're fans too! We just produced your 4-pack carriers for all 6 flavors and shipped them out to Denver, CO!
I just cast another 125 votes for my beautiful friend on #playboymisssocial.com! Please help her make the finals by voting too
That stach' only exists in the month of November. Enjoyed our meeting and the feedback.
If you are looking for a tennis or fitness info check out what are doing
will u pls fallow me today is my birthday and it would make my day if u did I love ur music :)
Thank you!
There are many in the library world-some don't care about ownership, and some would die on the sword of ownership.
for this week? B rip = jim holder. Downtown =
Love it!
Dont bother apologizing if you're just going to continue doing the things you said sorry for.
Did not surprise me at all when I heard you were one of the best performers! Good job Erin, Im happy for you!!! :)
Ride is still in the shower lmfao
email this address () to get "Another Mistake" by Adam Sizemore & The Modern Day Players heard on 88.5 KCSN
Do great repressions create long lasting social control? Did the 1932 destruction of the WWI vets' march on Washington help create the 50s?
Does that mean you're going to shave your head Chris???
Things that last longer than Kim K's marriage: the pause after Dora asks the viewers a question. Hahahahah
Remember life's too short to be anything but happy
Favorite Movie, The Lying Game can't wait to see season 2
What ever happened to Bob Herbert?
Damn he's hot ;)
Oops. Sorry. Just checked the Roku and it's in the Channel Store.
Just read about the #greenbutton initiative which would make energy data available to consumers. I'd love to see it!
It's a beautiful but chilly morning here in Ship Creek, #Anchorage, #Alaska. -8 by my thermometer. BRRRRRR
DC Jazz Concerts here, Follow Us K_BETA
thanks the mention!!
Why am I staring at delicious rotisserie chicken? I blame You win Swiss Chalet!!!
Volleyball tournament for cancer was great won best dressed if that counts for something
50/50 no doubt..sad it won't happen. UFC hasn't allowed that happen...yet
#DuraCloud for #HigherEd community, runs on multiple platforms in the cloud. Open-source platform, run locally or as a service.
; some chips lmao
Hehe RT : "Cloud nine gets all the publicity, but cloud eight actually is cheaper, less crowded, & has a better view." George Carlin
why did twitter change my profile pic again?
Do that at the xmas clerance sale cheap yet smart
Thanks for the tasty honey! RT : Spotted Duck Apiary on the air!
how do u feel being a role model 2 me n everybody else around America??
Boston Girl WARNING!! Do NOT let the fire go out COMPLETELY...If there is even a mere EMBER, fire can be rekindled...
Noche Pdx doing it BIG tomorrow, Noche de Pecados 2 | Masquerade Ball 2, with celebration of Daniel Merchan's Birthday Bash!
My favorite color is red
I Might Get A Little Obsessive When I Find I Guy I REALLY Like .. :DD<U+2665>
Possibly, yes.
Polish that chrome on them bikes and let's take a ride with a BBQ
People standing in the middle of the hallway...
Let's just all love each other.. K guys?
Flying saucer complete. Next up...the SET.
We are really excited about the upcoming #momvoxbox! Make sure to unlock your Mom Badge in order to qualify!
Those words are blasphemy! Do Not Blaspheme! Do Not Blaspheme!
Another lovely quote: "Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes." -C.G. Jung.
hahahaha you poor thing
NP Robin! Glad 2 c u in Twitterland, with all that wisdom God's given u!
think you're missing the point. Walmart wasn't paying protection money. It was bribing to grease the skids. Much different
did you see that needs a flashlight? lol
I hate waking up forgetting what day it is and feeling like your suppose to be somewhere
The anticipation builds at the takeover dinner with First round about to be served.
May all be well!
I can't thank SBD enough for a great 4 years. Excited to join Summit -- new Twitter account is Thanks to all.
16GBs of RAM just aint cuttin it!! Santa please bring and me a new GFX Card and 32GBs of Ram!
oh really? Haha
It's 6:30 & I'm still in bed.
One more date in Ohio. Tonight 730-1030 at Treo in Sylvania, Ohio. Small easy club date with a fun local rhythm section. Back to NYC Sat.
All a nigga need is money, Fuck a bitch!!
Sweet Mandy B has the best cake in Chicago.
You ever have a tweet so pure and devastating that you know if you unleash it all hell will break loose? That.
Working on a new program for Buying a Successful Business in 8 weeks! Stop in and check it out.
Bejeweled should know when I'm intoxicated and handicap my score.
I am jelly!!
What happens if you're a smart ass with your children? They become even bigger smart asses.
Adriana Rodriguez: Encourage your students to go to places that seem inconvenient.
signs to #MMG.....Congrats!
It wasn't silver was it?
Nice meeting you at the state of reform event today!
Everything! The arogance is ridiculous and he just over-talks everyone even his co-hosts. #NOTtheSTAR,JUSTtheHELP!
Alivia!! I wish we could hang out soon!! :/
It's really hard to sleep with a broken leg...can't find a comfortable position, not to mention the pain
Oh, that's so nice. I wish I interacted with her more f2f.
Focused ultrasound and MRI will lead to new kind of surgery. -Medan
At my aunts house cleaning
One last day to get your script at the Harwelden Mansion at the Nightingale Theatre for our auditions for Vatzlav on Sunday 3pm-5pm.
Well if you were a girl...
...many of whom, out of propriety, endure tortures even unto death, rather than submit to the necessary treatment by male physicians. (1857)
Was this the week for ramen?!
I first worked in fast food & learned the little things are important, the value of team work & the need for great service
i'm not in kelley. i have no need to take a survey
need a web master? need a web programmer? need a web designer? need a web strategist? need anything done with a website? hit me
And actually, do a double check of the link to the audio. It seems to not be working.
ew your one year older than me, stop acting like im 10
lol i know but ughh hahahhaaa :) but no he is awesome
“: Not a big fan of BL13 To much conflict, not enough inspiration. turning into Survivor or The Apprentice?”
#FF These guys are funnier and better looking than
fuck no, barca would kill them any day
Headache for the past couple of weeks off & on. FINALLY subsiding!! So sick & tired of being in pain & hospitals. UGH!!!!!
. I see. Is it OK for employers to say to employees, 'You must buy this if you're going to work here?"
Twitter & Instagram > Facebook
It's true! RT So fab: The Observer hired as a staff writer...all the full-time writers on the tech blog are women.
join me on twitter
If we can't change the contracts, we need to publish them /
Where are you? DM me ur # pls. Love you, mean it!
Many young mothers don’t have a support system in place. Reach out to a young mom in your neighborhood and see how you can help.
love the dunkey monkey segment on Oreilly
In Bed Watching Sister Sister, Home Alone, Enjoying The Quiet
Carl just brewed some coffee through an old sock...not bad.
quick poll: would you say you spend more time on facebook or twitter. reply with just the word facebook or twitter. Have a great day!
I'd gladly babychuck sit if I could figure out how to seperate you from Mommy. Lol. Guess we have to wait a few months to hang!
Totally sober!
back in jersss! Waitin for #papabear so I can head back to NY #homesweethome but not trying ta be in a car for another 2 hours
correct! Woo hoo!
u need to listen to that E-sauce dis on him an his crew! Thats whats real....
wow! Twitter be hating on you big time lol
If everything goes good I may leave jersey city untill the fall time
Just a few minutes away from an amazing night of music including a 20th anniversary recreation of #toolatjcdobbs set from 1992!
ima b in LA this weekend....
<U+2764> whens our next reunion? 21 jump street? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
thanks for the show mad money, a big fan
At the #Orioles game? Tell the strangers all around you about Operation Orange tomorrow night. They're all part of our O's family.
I want the movie "Going the Distance" romance...
Check out new track "I'm Back" getting on these rapper's ass
Let's go
Even though i don't know much about the presidential candidates, they all remind of a creepy uncle id rather stay away from.
Nice use of the hash tag!
pandora coming to a vehicle near you
At the Ottobar in Baltimore, waiting for the Dwarves...
thank you so much for a great day on the set today we all had a great time my mom Darlene and thank you
but have you noticed that the heat haven't gotten anything from the transition game?
Well that was 20 minutes of work. Time to test the company's porn filter again.
I hope GAYWEATHER loses tonight... He don't need to be undefeated!
aw well im sorry:(
Heh. I was totally crying a little bit, secretly.
I really love Ricky Dillard...Johnny Gill...honey....
GL James. All of Deerfield is rooting for you - only if we see pics of u reading Mamet's The Secret Knowledge @ table
Follow Me Please!? 54
Hoping I can make it out of the city without a boat.
Drinking water & thinkin its the best drink in the world because your thirsty (until you get your real drink of choice )
just left thi studio in #wisconsin went in like #bowbowpow ya dig
I text to sext.
Im sure that Alfredo is going to come along too. OMG I love the new 18 year old Justin lol.
haha! Thankss. And sorry. You never texted me back.
that's right, sleeping, adele, dog-dancing, and library projects are my next week.
I still can't get over when u was in show !! U made my day!! I Love You so much :))
follow please ?(:
Have your haters make you, not break you.
HAHAHA FRENCH RAP. ME AND LISTEN TO FRENCH RAP ALL DAY LONG. OMFG. but i still fail the french test. awks
What you don't have access to a private plane. You should def look into it.
nice i happy to hear this ! and u r welcome
Freaking tired pues going to sleep good night people :)
The lottery is now $500 million.
Just discovered that Neil and The Queen are the same age.
Thank you to everyone who made Portland Boat Tours. Success tonight. You are awesome.
Looking forward to showing you our cool 3D tech RT getting a head start on what is all about before visiting tomorrow!
It seems like more and more, the apps I use are pure utility and are for information consumption. Games, etc. Not so much.
roroxchox click the "leisure" tab, middle right of page!
Ellis is the worst, such a horribly written and cheap character.
Monitoring 2 earthquakes that hit northeastern Burma this morning, also known as Myanmar
#3WordsForYou Round of applause!..
gurl stay in yo room thank you
is keeping secrets from his computer
Thanks. I just want to see us dancing. I think if play our best ball we can compete. Impressed we do so much with 7 players
website frozen already! Haha. So many non-equity dreamers can crash a website in a matter of seconds!
if you wanna be list in 20 list go follow .. twitt me to list you go plz :D
Be prepared for an #audition, but you're not expected to give a full performance. Know the material, make a clear choice, and go for it!
I love my students. I am so proud of them, I could burst!
French crime drama, Spiral. Excellent
I do use mine as an e-reader, and I love it. In fact, I never use my Kindle anymore.
wasnt towards you love.
Who's going to Vegas for Memorial Day Weekend?
I really enjoyed that episode
Hopefully you didn't take a shot every time he said "blessed" you'd still be crawling around with a hangover.
Obama says Reagan couldn't get thru a republican primary today
update on new #nafsa12 TweetUp paddle holding policy: TweetUp paddles still missing. & may hold answers
I'm so excited for prom this saturday... yay
Haven't been on for a long time! Haha(': hey guys:D
and make one heck of a team!
please follow back. I am new to twitter.
Thanks, Bob! Go Cubs!
Damn got datpiff shut down!
AFTER SIX MONTHS "Midnight in Paris" is now $55.6 US, $75.6 foreign, $131.2 global and is still playing in 38 screens as of 11/13, congrats!
thats what my dad said he would do:) woop woop
Becoming God's Super Women. Romans 12:1,2. Sis. Hope Moore
Thank you!!! We are looking forward to making it an unforgettable stay for everyone of our guests.
Wokee up outta no where . . .
you know it's a Deborah week at the DCA blog when it's all about politics!
Your task is not to seek for love but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it. -Rumi
watch out for rockets crashing in to beauty bar austin this sunday with businessman and zorch.
Super stoked for tonight!
Hey, it works!
Don't ever give someone a second chance if they fucked up the first time it's their fault. Fuck them.
good! Yeah, babysitting, I need to start saying no, but I miss my little girls and taking them to ballet :P
I'm only one person. I'm only human. What do the "people" really want from me? I get migraines daily tryna to figure the ways of "people"
*dumb moment* tuna have bones?
shit bro i aint hattin on those squads but they are just to old there gonna run outta gas quick fuckin with okc or the heat
Mulch smell
a good one b/c I will kick a hoe to THA curb quick..lol #2TearsInABucketFuckIt...My motto
Drunk dude passed out surrounded by cats & fire trucks everywhere. These apartments are fun.
Just like the Estrada start, a brief series when a pitcher can't get anyone out spoils an excellent pitching performance.
im sure you will (: the last time I met him I waited 3 hrs in cold without a jacket on and it was worth it
Grab the free shuttle and Come Explore South End with me tonight!
i agree to that
Thanks. Got too excited and tweeted early. :)
Thanks for RTs!
Are you sure she isn't just jumping on the cool bandwagon after seeing Newt with his copy of House of Leaves?
Elliott - Try the bhang lassie. It'll make the Taj even more incredible.
Hanging out at Revolution today; man these offices are sweet
"I was rapping at eight." - Nich Cannon
LMFAO niggas are puttin money on Steve Blake head...
So far is winning the live blog wars. I've got in 2nd. Sadly seems dead.
I know! Good content, but design is awful!
Get ready for the weekend! Stay prepared with personal towlettes from Patrick's Sunscreen. Great on the go!
Grilled cheese for lunch: Muenster cheese, sliced turkey, and sliced pears. Really Yummy. But of course my 2 year old won't try it. Grrr!
To all my new followers: Welcome aboard Astrella II! Good Voyage! And TY!
Hate to tell you this but people are calling you "Ofor"Braun
i love u!
Had a great show at the A Club last night with 427 and Concrete Grip. Good turn out, good people, good show. Can't wait for the next one.
The #nofilter tag is really grating. We get it, you got what you think is an amazing shot… with a cell phone. Get over yourselves
Well said, Karen! :D
Doing lines in the bathroom. Bad bitch.
Love your FB timeline and profile photo!
Snowed in on my day off. Looks like it's just me and the Black Keys. I love me some dirty, Blues-y southern rock...by dudes from Akron.
I don't pay attention until the day of the game. Who are we playing?
ST 2009 just saved me on a child scream filled flight. Can't wait for 2013!!
that sounds amazing! Do you make your own hot chocolate?
please turn this trash off {the bachelorette}
The video of the Harvard baseball team dancing to call me maybe is so hilarious!
you might need to lose 100 lbs in the next week tho :)
Retweet any of my posts with the hashtag #iwantmyipad2 and you are participating in the iPad2 Givewaway of 888 The Check
Show some love and write your best Blasted joke
Thanks, !! YES it was! The reward of pleasing a client, however, is always a good one!
thanks for the RT!
"The finishes are exquisite, the view is breathtaking no matter the time of day, and the people are wonderful." - Shea and Sameer
#Hawks working way too hard on offense. Need Joe Johnson back in.
Ah Josh Hamilton. I could watch that swing all night. Assuming Cody Ross is also at the batting cage watching for some reason.
is it david guetta?
RT : I'm rockin' it ex officio style... // so that means you get to wear a top hat at meetings now, right?
make some
A lot of extended clips, no actor. Bang Bang!
Tyler Perry Studios having a 4 alarm fire? Not good.
everybody send hate mail. i asked her to send a picture of our class notes 3 hours ago & still haven't received it.
THANK U!!
Finally seeing some much needed rain.
i cant wait till you guys come on the east coast! :D
Hey Jon! How are you brotha? Hope all is well with you? That's awesome! You are doing things Kingdom!!! What City is this?
Never make the same mistake twice, there's so many new ones; try a different one each day.
Open #offices make for some interesting times - I am at the #apex of sound, all 30 people and guests can hear when I sneeze. Ah choo!
Candles & witches, Love it!!!
Carmelo needs to retire ASAP
then don't subtweet me
A: howcome you can all see that tweet? Are there new twitter rules I don't know about?
If I wanted to hit it in 18 positions and eat u out in 9.. what would u say?
": Omgee iT Is UnexceptBle That Hello Is # 5 On The 106&Park Countdown" -_____- Are You Serious
Being there for rides to & from work, scool, babysitting painting study, hold down family house & go todance & socialize is a lot of work
Congratulations Mozart for having your lost work found!!!
When somebody kills you on ya own track. <---- This dude just did. S/O to my man Channel.
The Jerk
I'm pretty positive the things that are in your ear are actually called plugs
Great to have in Charlotte today. Thanks for the advice and thoughts on world domination :) Safe travels
Second day in a row I woke up and had to pee horribly bad
i also wanted to know where i can find photos, mixtapes, music videos... we tryna find out everything there is forreal
I still sleep with the lights on at night for fear of Y2K. I will never feel safe.
Please add a shot clock to high school basketball !!!
I'm pretending that I don't have 3.5 shittons of work to do in the next 4 hours & reading your tweets.
my dog needs to stop barking
you said ariana can't sing? haha you just jealous of my cat valentine angelic voice
that would be interesting business model.
who's that fuckin wit u
Just wrapped up 2012 brochure! Featuring:
Every Time I Die : I Fight Dragons : Impending Doom : Machine Gun Kelly : Man Overboard : Mephis May Fire : Polar Bear Club(cont)
Good morning! How is everyone doing today? :) We are launching a twitter account for @ focalpointcorp, any tips besides job posts? thx!
Ah!!! So that's why Lin is the way she is towards Tenzin!!!
My very first New Years resolution...to stop twittering! oh. Ooopsy.
Off to practice.
Anyone who follows me i will follow back as soon as possable
I feel like a failure in life right now... All I wanna do is run away from my problems cause I can't get shit right... It's fustraighting me
to funny. I don't like flying either
Modern LASIK laser systems can effectively treat astigmatism with excellent results.
Watching Cocktail. Tom Cruise is one beautiful human being.
too bad didn't ask for feed back on twitter...but she only uses that for press releases, not citizen engagement.
Nick and who is yours?
<U+200E>[Campus Bulletin] Today's our 126th birthday. Whoever brings the best cake to Tech Tower by tomorrow wins a semester full-ride scholarship!
Next semester please & thanks.
and , thanks for the zydeco and Hurricane! Best Wednesday I've had in a while :)
Doesn't look like Knicks are playing #defense on Xmas.
Groups of black & white students called rode buses through the deep south challenging Jim Crow Segregation Laws. Learn more
less arty. less design-y. just make it better.
Retweeted by ? Impressive!
hahahah thats our record!!! YOU BETTA LIKE IT. Come to LA and ill put some drank in YO cup. thats right.
Visit interiors from spain's booth if possible. We'd like to show you what we do! This is our site: www.fromspainmagazine.com
thanks for the follow Friday!
LET ME HEAR YOU #PACKERNATION!
Are we ready for sunday's game ... I have to work but will teleport home ...LOL
KC already sounds like my kinda party then! ": BBQ and rob people"
When you are, the city of Houston will be on lockdown
RT : RT : The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money.
LAVT volunteered with a local school choir - providing care for children can be fun and challenging!
Tis the season for engagements... so keep in mind!!!
No one really changes until they experience something that changes them.
can you follow back? :)
can't get much better than last night bro
yeah it was so sweet
Amazingly, I'm crawling 5mph on I-95 between Baltimore and Washington due to roadwork at 2:30am. Should have taken 295.
Happy New Year!!! You are right...it is time!
So I was talking to my bf about going before the General Assembly of tonight, and he was like, "Hope you impress Ragland."
Finally saw video of "Meta World Peace" and more of his mental illness. Elbowing someone in the head like an untamed ape..oh
The members who command the best service at your golf club either have the lowest handicaps or the highest bar bills.
I was told to get king crab, since it's in season. :P
These folks getting they shit took
"The lunatics on the left are wrong" - brilliance from
Wrapped an awesome character shoot with and actress Rachel Orlikoff...thanks for bringing your A-game ladies! :-)
Feeling good this morning ....Hello world
she didn't text me back either zach.
Watching Dexter. You?
What a game last night between the and the
On the couch watching Money Ball and eating tortilla chips in my underwear. I'm a woman - I swear it!
that's pretty sweet :)
Hello Jacoby Jones. Goodbye David Reed.
50 things to do before you die (Travelers Notebook): #17 Follow in the footsteps of your favorite travel book.
No person in this world has ever been rewarded for what he/she has received. People get honoured for what they have given...
Spurs take the lead into half
Jobless claims in spotlight on calendar
FYI: if you listen to the Jim Croce Pandora station long enough, you'll hear 3 different versions of James Taylor's "Handy Man."
A patron just brought his kids into the library and showed them Title 49. "Want me to show you where Daddy's books are?"
knowing everything that did and you can't even remember what you ate this morning
#preswk12 now: Occupy Wall Street Ephemera. How archives can help structure the narrative of the movement
Some people come into our lives, and even after they have left we still will always remember them because of the impact they made in us.
I wish I'd never lost you. I wish I hadn't ever stopped trying. Most of all I wish I'd never left for college.
I was kidding(: I would have if I didn't have hw. At the game I trained today, a kid broke his collar bone!!
We will be the studio guest on DJ Rossstar's Punk Rock Show on Wednesday June 22nd @ 7pm PT (10pm ET) on stickam.com/djrossstar
When deciding between carrots or bell peppers, I went w/ goat cheese.
love you forevs babe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+263A>
throw backs with Mr Cee, he's killing it! Dmx - How its going down
Lost opportunity is the result of failing to commit. #notimelikenow so I am on this!!
Thankful that our Precious Lord Jesus thinks of us and His Plan for our Future is Good!! Trusting Him and clinging to His Word =)
#BrittsBdayBarCrawl is on the move. Headed to Cafe Japone in Dupont! cc:
Thanks for the jolt! I'm long overdue for a Chinon bell pepper overdose! Wish I had it with my roasted peppers & sausage tonight!
I was a Cherry Hill girl when I was a wee one. :)
“: Lamar Odom always sad” I would be to if I was married to shrek
Great work in the UCLA/SI piece by -- fantastic reporter, a star back on the LA Times' soccer team, too.
All Browns pre-season games scheduled for tomorrow are canceled due to weather.
Lovely day!
-you don't have to sleep with every guy you meet..
nep.... lawwwddd, jesus ! Uma have to choose in a min ! Dnt say no name ... you already knw !
: it would sure would be nice if some nice person brought them around tomorrow!
It's all fun and games till the wine glass gets broken.
Came back from New Orleans more of a whale than anything else.
Home of some incredible Grateful Dead shows.
found a new app for us early adopters...Highlight. Check it out in the app store.
it's basically a live video feed where people can watch her play games and chat.
cool! ICA is such an amazing space - looks like a fantastic show.
To the girls from 16 & Pregnant you'll have to wait until next year to be wished #HappyMothersDay and 12 years to be 28 & a grandmother.
how did yue get christian beadles to follow yue
- Sounds yummy! what is the cake boss cooking?
Venture Capital and the Successful Company = High Risk!!!!!
We've got #falafel on our mind...
#artpolitics populism in SAQ. He's so cool he produces melodrama around him - Obama.
Did you know coconuts kill more people in the world than shark attacks?
QUOTES: "Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe." a__ Einstein
Saint Patricks day is such a perfect day for my mom to be sick.
On from noon to 1pm Friday to discuss the campaign to privatize and defund public education: vouchers, charters, austerity. Tune in.
yes you are watching muahaha
Saw #RoadTraveled tonight. So impressed with the photography!
Pinterest Amazon recommendations are lame. I pinned the book "Hunger" by Knut Hamsun and was recommended earrings!
- Welcome Grant! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
So it won't hurt so bad to see you love again; so it won't hurt so bad to watch as you forget about me.
I'm following ya on instagramm wud ya follow me back?? :D
this white lady tanned till she was crispy black..... She on the news lookin krazy!
I don't doubt that i'll be a good mom... but I'm such a wusspants
and you will be my new favorite customer :) the girls sizes are being reprinted now, so I'll let you know when they're in!
nothin just here oh yea so r u gonna get the harmonica tomorrow
- The Intellect NEVER Helped Anyone, ONLY LOVE DOES!
The #AFCWest got interesting again!
Zach and Avery Jessup Make A Porno
There are two fundamental types of problems: those that involve working on them to solve, and those that involve looking for solutions.
Between earth day and my new spring cleaning issue I am so inspired this lovely morning! Q'viva green livin!!!
PLEASE TELL US WHERE TAYLOR SWIFT IS STAYING IN DC! please please please with cherries on top =]
Why is Chicago/Phoenix always on CNBC? Best series so far. It should ALWAYS be in hi-def.
so delicious with the chicken chile at !
RT It could be the wine talking, but I used to be grapes.
of the cut on the key blank. Depending on the maker, the bitting sequence can be
Today is the first day I have ever gotten ready before 7:00am. #Record ?
i only seen half i watched in on some website cause i was too lazy to go to the movies lol
Watching the Rose Bowl. Again.
sucks man... we are there June 24th again.
can you please please please please PLEASE cover the song 11:11 by ??? PLEASE
Don't play with my heart please? Thank you. It's Hurt
29. how about u?
Perry says Obama had to learn how to work in Washington. And what, he won't? He's been in Texas, fight?
Used to work on 'Hearts Afire' with John and Tom back in the day, and see you on set too. Good times!
So my parents preordered the believe pack YEAH BUDDY they said its my bday present n i get believe tickets too i love them <3
My family is my school of duties founded on love. Enjoying my day w/ my inspirational & beautiful sis
You say this because you've heard Teddy's "Wikipedia song" right?
whats on the agenda:New Strategies in Alternative Investments
Your welcome it's well deserved.
Every time a child loses a tooth, Sheryl Crow smokes a joint.
for the people in my past, i miss you.. for the people in my present, i value you.. for the people still around in my future, i love you
raging waters..drop out (;
I just used that story in class the other day. I like that they reported it with the psychology angle.
As a beacon for the free spirit, shine on, shine on, oh, Burning Man.
nah, I was born in Chicago, and raised in North Carolina
at a bar within view of the beach. Whutupppp
Maybe Foxtrot needs it's own Twitter account.
do u have a link to the webcast for today's provost candidate open forum? Can't find it in my email and uwm website is down.
Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them. - James Baldwin
About to read a book
That's a nice looking group!
Can girls break their vagina ?
Exited to be at the community meeting at S. Marks. I know we can make Marriage equality a reality in Washigton State in 2012!
RT : Not super-impressed with the quality of Zimmerman's legal team.
We will be on display at the Schnitzer for all three JOSHUA BELL performances..1/14, 1/15, 1/16! Thank you Oregon Symphony!
u may have 50000 gf but i have 5000 wives
Is it just me, or do events both global and personal make polytheism seem rational? The gods must be crazy.
RT : Shout out to people who work with passion
At the iOpener Conference in Chicago with talking about enterprise mobile technology.
Imagine there's no heaven. Its easy if you try. No hell below us. Above us only sky. :)
I'm not watching the game but following but why is the sportacular app showing Punto in for Peedy? Is he hurt?
WHAT IS WRONG WITH THE WORLD. >> ALL OF YOU
Comedians on Twitter can teach us a lot about being inspiring, engaging, & witty in 140 characters.
When researching ADD/ADHD treatment, be wary of quick-fix treatments and research that is not credible.
That's EXACTLY what I'm gonna do too! Like guess on everything and then just write a bunch of poopy stuff x) Haa we suck!
I don't know which one is Hall and which is Oates #Macgyver&InigoMontoya
You are very welcome. Continued success!
I need coffee!
The Southeast Anchor Library garden club could use your help w/bulb planting tomorrow 10a-1p. Contact Amanda 443-984-3904 to volunteer.
Nashville not looking so tough now Still think Hawks wouldve done better against them than Yotes. Preds & Blues about 2 b bounced
The Knicks are kicking the stuffing out of the Pacers at the Garden. 98-70.
Vanderbilt fans: Introduce us to Nashville
I love guacamole which has avocados in it so Zayn loves me. Your argument is invalid.
WHOA, Nate the Great gets his barrel sawed off and it helicopters about 15 rows back into the 1st base stands
Florence is gonna perform at red rocks amphitheater in July. this temptation rn
Yes isn't it awesome
I never enjoy my days off, cause I'm usually the man-bitch at home, just like at work, except I don't get paid...
...when a man has absolutely NO CLUE how sexy he really is.
you gotta get rid of that egg ya creep
Kent Desormeaux, Ball So Hard University
Watching "Smash" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
fucking great!! now is a pussy eating, carpet licking Lesbian.smfh there goes my childhood and crush -______- thanks Raven
Walking around the house at night shirtless >>>
Thank God Steelers! I can't bear to see GB win, I would keep hearing that GB wins and Chicago doesn't
let us remember that we all work together. United we stand. We all serve an important group.
Aw, he's got a most unusual look! Maybe someday he can have play date w/ Teddy (my rescue pup who hails from Pa puppy mill) :)
please weave more :)
forreal in my bio it says now all I need is Alex and to follow but idk if I can change my bio
TODAY IS THE DAY! GET YOUR GA & PREM. TIX EARLY @ PEN AIR! BONFIREJAM w/ JOSH TURNER! JAMEY JOHNSON! LEE BRICE! DEC. 10th! YEEHAW!
boring I thought ud be watching sumthin else or calling the brat..lol
XPN free at noon concert: Bobby Long. Woot woot!
You've trained them to put themselves into ur vav bag?!? RT : If I find one more stink bug my vacuum bag is going to explode.
we still home have fun
next time! and yes thank you!
photo shoot tomorrow :)
Like the old song, "Simply the best". Thanks Jack, for 40 years of yum!
i'm still working on my book about you:) <3
I'm sorry adele your overplayed and I don't care for you at all
HyperCities is based on the idea of maps as layers (W. Benjamin) that allow you to tell stories that move through time and space
Rise Against at Warped Tour?! Omg. I'm going. No matter what.
Tricycle teams are where it's at.
Watching dance moms Miami new one come on at 10:00 #team dance moms miami
Omg dawg they Feeelin the speks dude! they might end up in the suitcase lolol...Goodnight!
Second that whole-heartedly.
love that place!
Unnecessary roughness? That got us the touchdown
Elie Wiesel welcomed at Xavier U w 7,000 standing to honor his great work
ya like today's text dont even lie :-p
Had not heard of Widen. Need to look into it. Thanks!
I miss my Jimmy Choo shoes!!
My tv is a little sketchy with this storm... but I can always rely on for her great #CELTICS tweets :)
#Youknowyourhigh when you have a trending topic that's spelled wrong.. You're not paying attention, are you?
Halp is on the way,
Of course! I'll keep u posted on whatever news that drops about the iPhone 5
Hey if you want me to follow you you have to follow me first
If Tim Tebow ends up in GB i may have to become a bears fan....
I seen your bio, and I didnt know you were a make a wish volenteer o love alot and I have cerebral palsy
You're definitely my favorite #DanceMom! Thanks for the follow! I'll have to check out Artisan. Is it on 22?
This is true of all types of libraries RT You must do something new to be sustainable. Innovation must be part of the job.
I think Floyd is posturing. He doesn't want the fight because Pac is a better boxer. The money issue is secondary.
YES!! hahahaha I love it!
"In the next world war / In a jackknifed juggernaut / I am born again"
all mention working with to help with senior transportation
3 years ago it was what? why is it different? why are you giving me this case?
Dj'n at dis party on the Southside #NP FOOL N THE TRAP
World-Peace is the dirtiest player in the NBA
It's all fine and dandy until you realize you have class in the morning...
When did my house become Grand Central Station? Why does everybody come over at once? I am tempted to pretend I've run off with the circus.
Hoping to finally meet you in person one day soon! Are you going to the premiere of ?
It's time to make moves with my life, no more sulking. Talking to lawyers and the FEC today, get ready for something exciting.
. Thank you! Hubs got me a Lancome gift set - Miracle - he said he smelled a bunch and liked the fragrance. What's your plan today?
#iPhone on Verizon...Will you switch?
but isn't that illegal?
PACKERS! All caps doesn't even do justice to my excitement!
Checking out your site now thanks to xo
What channel mcdonalds all american game on?!?
pls RT so sorry we had a malfunction but everything is corrected. You can now go and shop for $1.00. there will be a 15 min extension.
but im gettin' money with these white folk.
tweets got me weak right now! Lmao
hope everything's ok! We missed you but attendees loved your moleskins! Thank you again!
how many points we behind by?
Mikey has some huge junk doe. K.
creeping me out-just did some yard work-a few stuck to the trees but the live ones- making a lot of noise!
bro dude whatever I just followed her
i hate wine
RT : RT : No matter where you are along your career path, we’re offering great programs for you at
Hello world who loves me? :)
You don't have iMessage?
CBS baseball writer Danny Knobler, former olympic gold medalist Frank Shorter and ESPN's Rick Reilly on tomorrow! Big show. 7-10 AM, 1510 AM
Lol who steals sprinklers?
Which titty am I voting for?
LOL that's perfect. I kept calling William's death from the first episode.
Ah! I miss you! Thanks for the #LoveTweet :)
*shaman cave achievement unlocked* (it was pretty amazing, pics later)
Where can I get into a game of Bo Taoshi? Anyone want to fly Rebecca & I to Tokyo?
I forgot to do a discussion question, i did all my wrk for the week last night tho.
Lesson: always give it your all because you never know who is watching!
And go! $2 craft beer night! ($3 all 53 taps on the list.)
Watching Hot Tub Time Machine. So hilarious.
FYI :) MT : I'll be returning as a swamp creature.
lots of sports
mope by bloodhound gang >
Corona fer days
I am interested in partnering with H3. Will email you as soon as this lil' girl naps...
Another day, another photo op! What will we see today???
"If I Can't Change Your Mind" was my first exposure to Mould's songwriting.
Noel, Archie Goodwin and Alex Poythress on Espnu right now.
you guys are hilarious. if Masterson gives up a pair of 2 run HRs, the offense isn't picking him up. if Ubaldo does, "pull him"
YOUNG MANTRA IN DA BUILDING
Woman run this world god bless all woman because without them I would not want to breath love ya
I will get in touch with you when it gets close to the date.
lizardmarsh: Killeen TX: Animals seized from abuser Ashley Nicole ...
read signs much
New!! Slow-roasted pulled pork sandwich!
I honestly have never seen this girl in my life. I didn't even know she Exsited :P lol
Probably what they had in mind when they became the main sponsor! Welcomed brain washing! Kudos #runDisney & #Cigna! Kudos.
THAT'S SELF-EXPLANATORY IF U GOTTA ? THAT QUESTION THEN THERE'S NO WAY POSSIBLE YOU DO OR 4 THAT MATTER U EVER WILL .REAL SHYT
Absolutely. It's such a shame that so much of the album's brilliance was so overshadowed by everything else she was doing.
S/o. To all my new followers
One car even rode the line of two lanes debating whether to turn or go straight. Wound up turning right w/o signal. Smh.
Oh Well! Congrats on being really close to finishing!
Omg jus passed up a couple gay dudes and they were checking out my bros azz lol it was hillarious
#CincoDeMayo, #Derby Saturday, AND a beautiful wedding?! What a great Saturday!
MON 9/28 Salad Special: Baby Iceberg Wedge w/Apple Wood Smoked Bacon, Hard Boiled Egg, Creamy Blue Cheese Dressing & Shaved Green Onion
Molly our massage therapist has a couple of openings for Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Make an appointment quick, before they are all gone!
Why do we talk to our dogs in such high pitched voices...like, think about it.
Why do men tell me they love my body and then buy me cookies?! :) As if I can say no to cookies!?
OMG! Just heard that the Colts are taking Andrew Luck with the first pick in the #NFLdraft!
#marlinmascot is an accident waiting to happen
Getting buy-in is essential for any library project
Getting set up for todays program and networking event
Sweetheart..you are the only one that has a matching heart 2 your mom..U took care of her fans n I thank U..She lives 4evah!!!
back in korea now?
well thanks!Would finish the week for my family!My nan died this morning, and your giving me crap over tweeting
less then 2 weeks #JERZDAY living the good life
This bitch said "yehp I got two boys. I don't know where either one of their fathers are" smfh
Book reps begining cycle of competitive feasting for my department.
2015 Super Bowl awarded to Arizona! Congrats!
Yes that's probably more likely
Omg yayyy!! you're finally doing it !!
you're welcome
Don't forget to find a RECYCLING BIN to dispose of all the beer, pop, water and juice bottles you drink from this holiday weekend!!
same here. Lol
Ridinn' In an all black benz with the all black rims & we lookin at some 10's through our all black lenses.
aww ok bye(:
Too much king cake, valentines day chocolates, and other junk got ya feeling weighed down?Mardi Gras special 25% off detox services all week
Stop by the Farm and say Hello...don't forget to pick up our strain of the day Super Silver Berry!
"be very careful, this guy is a good hitter" #blyleven on Jason Kendall
So cold here. I love it! Warming up the fireplace and putting the tree up tonight. I love the Holidays! (don't miss the colds though)
should be my 33rd follower! <33
watching inception for the first time! How was your long drive?!
Now I'm the happiest girl ever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Please come to North Carolina!
i think i'll be in west palm beach for a day too to visit my grandpa
pretty sure there are no lines going into Texas from Mexico, Miami is the closest entry point
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 96
Don't think Netflix (NFLX) will slow down. That stock is heading to 200. Call options here a good bet. www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Sometimes you catch a glimpse of what's REALLY possible & you know you're on the right path... It just FEELS right... No logic involved...
Attn Alum: is now on Twitter. Make sure you follow back!
good morning birthday Sis!
Thanks again for hosting Our Voices- Diversity in Media reception- Had a fabulous time last nite!
Wear eyeglasses with bifocal or progressive (no-line bifocal) lenses? Multifocal contact lenses may be your best bet for ditching the frames
Finally it's beautiful outside.
Broken legs to everyone performing at State this weekend with CPCT's "A Few Good Men"!
THANKS! It seems like a great organization, Your husband is fortunate to help market such a great cause.
just found this joke: what did the customer say to the fish fry that ran out of ingredients??? ***************************** get batter soon
too bad I have to have an account to see who it is and how to apply. Sounds interesting.
Kimbo is garbage, should go back to youtube.
Defer. Yup
Trying to come up with a "tag-line" for new Brausse Group brochure. Any suggestions on how you came up with yours?
My struggle when writing email is to not use too many exclamation points. Yay! Yay? Yay. I am terminally midwestern
At the track meett.. it's quite hot out let me say...
Wow Danny! It hasn't even been a month, and your twitter is already verified! haha
no problem :)
": GOOD MORNING TWITTER <3"...gm
My dog is trowing up so we woke up, usually start watching show 1 hour later
Blocked 6 people on twitter today. New record. Oh well. Damage is done. I'm done with them.
did you shoot this video? how can I get ahold of you?
Raisin my glass to the great city of St. Peter, MN today...can't believe it has been 14 years already
IF I BELIEVED IN GOD I'D CALL YOU THE ANTICHRIST.
Railroad Blues in Alpine, TX this Saturday & La Kiva in Terlingua on Sunday - come on out folks!
it was time for a change
I haven't had good luck holding things for people on craigslist. What assurance will you give me?
Love your song (Beautiful Life) !!!
Tom Coughlin just walked out of his hotel to his press conf.with five security people that would make the G-men offensive line blush.
Lazy Sunday afternoons are my favorite!
hocks tonight?
you would have a show the day AFTER I leave LA. #thissucks ... You better have more shows in July cuz I NEED to be there!
Getting close to being that time...
Did the highest paid player in #baseball, on the most expensive team in baseball, just make their last out of the season 2 straight years?
every time your avatar pops up my 2 yr old keeps asking me "what's that one?" "What's that one daddy?" Recruiting them young.
#becomingfearless is about stepping outside your comfort zone and not letting fear stop you from pursuing your dreams
It's Getting #LOUD In The Early
I dont smoke dude
Who's got plans that they can't accept an #Oscar ?
Road Atlanta was awesome today!
Talking a walking around the city. Whats up Boston?!?!! Starbucks time!
yeah and who would've thought it would be delish?
Burning the midnight oil trying to catch up on work. Short week next week cannot come fast enough!
thanks that the best advice I've been given by anyone could u hit my inbox with your math if u have time 4 me to HOLLA
If you get a chance, say hi to my longtime friend & women's basketball coach at Concordia Portland, Aaron Christian, for me!
May have helped the future president of Grenada make photocopies today (assuming his leaflet campaign is a success).
i get money && sit on asz at the same damn time !
Hey Follow me Fabolous i am a huge fan reppin INdiana
That's why it's funny haha. The stupid ones are the best.
Turns out stocks more toys than books in store these days.
Perfect combination Curly Fries+Chocolate Shake ='s Happiness
Lolol. Thanks for the captioned pix
Well that is awesome! Congrats on being our shirt giveaway winner and for answering the movie trivia question so quick.
Uploaded 2 covers tonight...she will be loved and little lion man... It's a good night
I'm feeling great! Glad to have the wisdom tooth out of the way and eager to start treatment. :-)
peppermint hot chocolate and the packers game, sundays don't get any better than this, unless the pens have a game
I follow you on twitter in order to live vicariously through you.
Happy belated birthday to YOU!
We have a new line of guayusa tea bags launching this March! We'll be keeping everyone posted :)
RT : "Can we get Jesus tattoos on our backs?" "Yeah, so it can be like Jesus got our backs!" -___- << you love & me!!!
people go to school in Morgantown? Lol J/k honey, how are ya, besides being late.
Businesses over a particular square footage must pay licensing fees for showing broadcast TV
Mr Mathers- did this happen? World Team Poker's Inaugural Event, new television series, on FSN. first air Sunday January 2, 2011
thanks for RT
You and I would be a good match. :)
Just got the best hug of my life from :D
Billy madison #$W<U+2606>G
Congratulations lady, you drive a brand new Lexus. That doesn't give you the right to be a fucking bitch to everyone.
“: Indy or Pacers, who u got?”
Anytime, & anyplace ;)
Well, yes, but that means that there are NO women involved in the core project. (btw, are you really being contentious?)
What ppl will do to save 10mins in their commute RT : Driver cited for using mannequin in fast lane on 35W
Great "creator" idea: design animal w/ talking fingernails. Or better yet: the "nails" are parasites. Now THAT'S a symbiotic relationship.
There’s no need to rush. If something is meant to be, it will happen. In the right time, with the right person, for the best reason. <U+2665>
Man somtimes u think life is good to u but it isnt if it its that u can make it urself how u want it see thats why im inspired by Victoria J
woah. that's awesome!
Road trip! See you all in Florida after a quick 24 hours behind the wheel.
Loves being a poor , lonely, stressed out college student....-_-
not mine i just sometimes get in one of those moods where i wanna listen to depressing music . .what u watching?
howdy hope all is well!!!
RT How great is it when your favorite client commissions u to create art as holiday gift for their clients? Supreme gratitude!
RT : Michael Jackson did lose any chocolate, he just added vanilla . . .
Finally managed to get all my code changes split-up into logical commits in my repository, overnight. Exhausted now though.
There are very very few times when an artist follows up an album i LOVE with one even better. has done it w/
The Kid's dance class has every shade of blackness--including white.
If you follow us and are wearing blue in your Twitter profile pic, you probably got a follow from us today.
How did this article not win a Pulitzer?
Steen responds that he's the best shot the Sons of Anarchy have at the belt so he has all the power right now.
I often wonder if ad-men are on drugs when thinking up commercials. That would explain SO many things!
The only thing worse than LSU itself? An LSU fan.
Opinion: Chandler mayor takes virtual dialogue deeper Social-media workshop advances the dialogue on improving neighborhoods.
If were not following you and you want us to, just ask! Well gladly follow ya :-)
omg no!
there is no debate, never was... GB will always have it
How's the new beer?
very moved by Coltrane's recording of "Dear Lord"
Looking forward to staged reading of Tartuffe perf. arts center today. Hypocrisy never gets old.
I just discovered this little gem. Wow.
La im on my way home... Can't wait to get back:-)
Much of the ills of the world has its roots, I believe, in parades.
2 hours 28 minutes until on the ground at SEA. Over Wyoming now
140 likes! YOU ICONiacz are just GRAND! ~Ashley
yeah..just how expensive is it to live there?
right on dude!!! We don't put up with that crap! :D
Agree! Well done everyone! :)
YouTube Tuesday on BGP - promote your YOUTUBE link for $50.00 - sent to 170,000+ people. E-mail for more info.
would be mine too if I did t have so many problems. :/
lol... I thought you meant follow for follow:) thank you!!!!!!!!!!
So if there is no comparison...Why do we still keep comparing? Secretly giving and taking away points...of #heart and #mind?
Last break before my crazy summer of morning SCRC ref desk and afternoon interning at Cornell library begins.
Great... I can't wait to put it up on the site!
That time of day again, work time!! Woo -_____-
sure :D
ha! What was there to compare? size? shape? slope?
Apparently Olivia had already given her first blow job before our guest tonight was 2. Or I think we're alone now came out
So cool! I don't mind the cause of John Henry Neumann going fwd, either, tho all celibates, as usual.
Greatest fear? Just now acquired: Knowing when I'll die. Please lord just spring it on me.
: i know
Will there ever be a and collaboration
“: Happy hour anybody? Let's go” just an hour of happy? LOL
It was only a sunny smile, but like morning light it scattered the night & made the day worth living. ~F. Scott Fitzgerald
Most definitely! I was kidding with that response.
Wonder why I keep getting twtr mentions that are totally irrelevant?
.... this morning y'all talking that shit bout my pen nigga
Due to an overwhelming response to the G3 Royal Benefit, we are moving to a larger venue! The Bertrand Delacroix Gallery 535 W. 25th St., NY
favorite band?
#dalailama 2.7 billion ppl "left behind" poorest of poor
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3
still debating I should ahaha
Some you girls be falling for that shit guys say wen they kno your vunerable,actin like they care to put themselves in a better position HA!
The best thing to do when something in your life doesn't go right...would be to stay strong and try to move on.(:
We will be in Metro Center at Healthsprings on Mainstream Dr from 11-130.
The word of the cross stands in contradiction to every human attempt to determine how God should act. Dr Jeon commenting on 1 Cor 1.18-25
happy birthday, we'll have to have a drink soon to celebrate
Cause you my boo thang always ") you know who I am talking too «3
A morning-glory at my window satisfies me more than the metaphysics of books. ~Walt Whitman
"You've got it all figured out don't you?" Nope. But I learn fast.
I love how FB has become so slow, but G+ is so super fast. FB may be trying to upgrade right now, but it's just pushing me away atm…
RT : It is baseball season and we have great #rockies gear for the
& I 100% agree with you even though this topic is like a few days old lol
That awkward moment when a client butt dials you leaving a long VM drunk and slurring.
good morning :)
618A TWO small pistols in black plastic carrying case #618A TWO ...
"T Swift" is an incredibly clever nickname.
Perfect day for Rock Steady & Chablis. Piuze & The Maytals?
- You should look at the pix. This is the quickest I have seen people respond and post!
This has been a long week.............and it just started all over again
Well that sucked.....
Sat. we're launching the biggest inner city social media/video sharing project ever @ Fatherhood Initiative. Check it out. GetAtYou.org.
I hope Man City get relegated next year.
Can't worry over what the authoritative figures do. We do the best we can and give 100% and let the chips fall where they may
Hey girl I got my tix for tonight, but i got GA so I'll try to get up front. Have a good show!!
Thank you! Strappy and gray. :)
Holy whistles
Amish guy shopping at whole foods.
Everyone check out our Facebook page and don't forget to like it while you're there! WWW.facebook.com/ALMFPromotions
Zack!! i love him <3 he is so cute
yeaah and even if she ends bailing out, we can still chill :)
Samples and Drops are up now! Check out all the awesomeness at #productionvault!
Life- everyday is a holiday! Enjoy it:)
Big win for property. I think the cup should go next to our REBNY awards.
": High school was so much easier than Twitter."
Looking for a night out? Try the 1933 Lounge upstairs between St Elmo's and Harry & Izzy's. This speakeasy feel will jazz anyone.
Strapped for startup jobs New partnership creates dazzling high-tech classroom Starbucks is now When your!
Google & Apple do not play well together & it drives me insane. I want to teach them to work together like I teach 1st graders!
happy birthday and happy Easter vinny! your such an inspiration to everyone! have a grand day!! love ya<3 :)
Sorry AIIM Content Management Boot Camp. I have a nasty cold, so I'm going to miss today's #Dallas sessions. Someone take good notes!
The answer: Professional Learning COMMUNITIES and Professional learning NETWORKS.
Benjamin- thanks for RT- have a great weekend
Just booked a trip to Jamaica! :-)
Rillo then my pillow
Finding a positive headline in the news is a likely as me getting Trey Parker to take me out for my birthday next weekend...Ain't happenin!
Sweet article man! It got a little preachy, but overall really cool information, especially since we may be redesigning our site
Its estimated that by jan 15th 90percent of everyone who's make a new year resolution has already broken them
hahaha... I love that word.
I should've kissed you. Automatically thought of the boys.(:
that was awesome! And you beat me to it lol
I wish was awake..freaking early bird!
Make sure to come out this Thursday at 6:00 for our opening of Totally Cool Totally Art's teen art exhibition!
Communication researchers investigated the frequency, importance& method of parent-teacher comm. Read about what they found...
Who's coming to party tonight?
I hope it's the noise I'm missing right now bruh!
My life complete with mint choco oce cream
that's the one I saw a few weeks ago and asked you about!
Unexpected Sex Is Always Cool
I'm at enso downtown tulsa they bangin that wiz ok I feel that jets plane gang
Good to see the #Avs offense killing it!
Lindbergh station at a coffee shop..
Its obvious you tryna strive with me. Well good cos im over and abo
If I'm not guilty, I'm not sitting back to give someone the option to judge me...I'm defending my name..period.
I'm with you, I need a daily schedule, too! You really do a lot, Danelle... I'm quite impressed (:
follow back
Yoooo meet me at the latte place when you get off the train, bbyqurl
Family time!
Creativity comes from pulling yourself out of context so dramatically so you can see things you’re conditioned to ignore.
" We all have that one friend who makes us laugh with their stupidity" we all agree its me ^.^
Life gives chance to everyone, we just have to wait for our turn.
Don't miss the last sex trivia of 2010. The prizes from and will make your NYE way more fun!
don't give up, you're almost to the end! you can DO IT!
Love this quote! "If children do not learn the way we teach them, we must teach them the way they learn." Rita Dunn
TOP OF THE LINE ENTERTAINMENT
A2: I think the relationships should be cultivated throughout the year, not just at peak seasons.
i honestly never thought i would outlive #DickClark, RIP big homie!!! #AmericanBandstand!
Looking forward to your #TEDxGR talk today!
2012 National Champs. Does UNLV even have a final four in the last 15 years? Lmao y'all are about as big of has beens as fUCLA.
New imaging populated air waves...
RT : I love how it smells outside right before and after it rains
If you're in downtown #seattle be sure to check out Blue Thunder & the Sea Gals at FOX Sports Grill!
I think once i do get married and start walking down the aisle ima cry like a lil punk ass...but i'll be happy about it ^_^
keep on readin i aint quitting
Hahaha, nice.....welcome! It's fun. :)
thank you! I'm so thankful! Hope you're doing well!
Trying to brainstorm my next #HR blog post for #blog. Hmm.. What should I write about??
i want popcorn. who wants to see a movie this weekend
Omg Bon Iver just shouted out Eau Claire, WI! Love it!!!
"Look, I don't know! I mean, when I was with Earl, I was thinkin' of you....yes!"
bring your sid shirt their is a game !
If U lined up all the #Blackhawks & #Coyotes to pick a team... You'd be 5 or 6 players deep before u took a Yote!! Cant lose to these guys!
Yeah. Thinking Jinja. Or Sipi, though that may be pushing it.
Looking forward to library book discussion today on The Art of Racing in the Rain by Garth Stein.
Swapping 3rd for 4th overall and the #Vikings are getting 2 additional picks? Great haul if I'm getting this right.
Best of Seattle!
RT : Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success - Henry Ford
Trouble countdown: two days to puppy. :)
E-waste Recycling... April 10, 12-4pm. Fairchild Tropical Garden. Great idea!
Not looking pretty but 15 points in 6 matches feels fantastic! Need to keep grabbing points while teams are unsettled and finding their way!
over dressed & under age?
Hiring counter staff. must be available weekends and a couple weekday shifts. part time!
": As of February 2011, there are 6 people in the U.S with the name "Derp."" Derps of the US, I salute you.
so I hear in going to get to see you tomorrow. You're speaking at Westridge? For the wellspring event?
Good night.
I was a sports reporter last year but now I'm on the Board of Campus Publications, which just oversees the newspaper & yearbook
My ear is peeling....weird.
your an inspiration, it makes me feel like my dreams aren't so unreachable after all...
“Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death” ~Albert Einstein
Hi i just want to tell you that you are such an amazing dancer.:D "Never stop dancing,always believe"
Someone just asked me if I'm sitting in the chair next to me. #FFS how big has my ass gotten lately?
i feel like the SOLE purpose of the Wiz is to Dumb us down we need some real music in this city
#Breaking. North Carolina voters approve constitutional amendment defining marriage as union between a man and woman.
I'm pretty sure I'm sick
Next up for Timbers: Columbus Crew. We'll have pair of tickets up for grabs Sunday at 6pm on Timbers In 30.
Ha, we do go and see one moive a week :) and one movie… Thanks for spotting that, just an involuntary typo
gave a great harold show tonight!
haha that is awesome. The girls at the store missed me.
Take peace, God is not through with u yet. When all done, u will be better than u already are, no matter the circumstance. God Bless.
Speakeasy's "Drowsy Chaperone" extended two more weeks. Wry, comedic fun with chops. A must see!
Mercy I need to have this baby so I can drink some of these cocktails you're jabbering about...drooooollll...
Dear TIME magazine: Nope, I guess I'm not "mom enough" (whatever that is). Did I mention I'm doing PhD work on representations of maternity?
To be a "passive archivist" is to have a near-native understanding of obsolete formats, translating them into an active digital language.
Hear the mom talk about FOUL BALL GATE at the Rangers game. Couple snagged a foul ball from her son. WHO IS 3!
lol I love u :)
she's kind of a big deal.
I saw it again Friday after work. I contributed to the 200 mil.
hey hey hey
Every effort I made was finally matched by yours and things are better now <3
Seeing all these people getting their cap and gowns really freaks me out. Only 3 years left
My life would suck without Jesus in it!
wait.. what?haha
well idk what type of tixs they gave u. I no wen my friend won a diggy tix, it was pose to b vip but I wasnt
700 + credit score NOW!!!
Sometimes I hate doing projects with people..especially when they don't do anything and "Forget" about it
I love when people honk when you go through tunnels (:
tell aunt B I said hey and I miss her
Too cute! What a nice friend you have.
then Canada hopefully(:
Hey! I'm going to #SITweetup & I think I graduated from Ithaca w/MrJoeSterne. Small world!
Where all the early morning tweeters at?
is off watching UFC and I'm winding down bc I'm opening at work tomorrow... hoping to get more than 6 hrs sleep for a change
I hate to admit it, but I miss you :/
ha! understandable. think I dislike those less than "check your email" & "check your voicemail" messages.
Doing our best to make promotional video...any suggestions?
thanks for reccome song my article :)
Today is an ok day for me head hurts. Can't wait till I'm off 40 minutes then home I go. Can't wait
come by Dino for some wine when you're done!
bro the marlins games would be sold out every night if he was here
Roger Patterson preaching on King David and using a Facebook profile to illustrate friendship. Notes on my ipad and posting in realtime.
Katycats need Katy Perry I'll help trend this for all my Katycat friends (:
Dr Lupo is please to announce her completion of the 7 month Botox study on crow's feet
I use more hairspray in one day than normal humans use in a month.
Am I a Muppet or a Man? Your're an Academy Award Nominee! Yay!
- hate how girls always be addin pics on fb from left to right bu they say in their statuses " im so ugly " =/ ... - WHY THE FUCK U ADD PICS
football who bombs today?
haha, thanks for tweeting, and for reading!
wow that looks awesome! Too bad I never know if I'll ever see tots again
Where Olympic meets the 405 is the butthole of traffic.
NEW STUFF UP IN MOJO'S WORLD!!! NEW VIDEO'S, NEW PICS, NEW QUIZ, NEW POLLS, NEW MOJO TV CLIP! GO CHECK IT OUT! HTTP://WWW.MOJOSWORLD.NET
Thank you very much, Nikki Schmutz, for your support! We appreciate you helping us move this project forward!
and birthday twins? How fun! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Ew, Men tend to over report the number of sexual partners they've actually had.
This new #FamilyGuy is KILLING me!
Preparing for today's webcast!
Zumba class missed you today
just like old times Wilbon, where's Andrew Toney when I need him!
miss lucky i got two weeks left hows home?
sorry if I do that sometimes
a decade under the influence
two massive slices of pizza GONE.
How can we find out more about this?
Great meeting with the media team
Happy Birthday ,i love you so much
Love feeling my
Uttering 'Om' a spiritual seeker remembers everything in the world as Brahman alone.
my girl the only brunette/latina in the top 5! #1 was only fitting for someone as sweet & beautiful as u
only my I-F yearbook.... Everything is safe a dry
thanks for the follow(:
:) hm dm me songs and we'll make videos for em' ;D
You know it's Monday when you look in your car mirror and notice that you only put eyeliner on one eye.
aight wait till tmaw I got you
did I ever reply to you?D:
Saw the #Exempla St. Joe's mobile mammogram RV this morning on my drive in--a great reminder to do self exams and remind my friends!
Got a lot of people behind me
Yoo still want the yanks jersey?
Got slapped in Frisbee tonight. Bright red handmark. Oh not on my face. My arm. The guy would still be dead otherwise.
Funny, for some people Cinco de Mayo is just St. Paddy's day with Dos Equis.
Jasmine! What up?
Had a great lunch at Discovery World and learned more about the work of Meta House!
Win. Fun. Tickets. Live @ the Vic Theatre this Saturday. Sold Out Show. BUT u can go here 2 get hooked up:...
Just over 19 years later getting engaged (and married) was still the smartest thing I ever did. Good call.
wish I could say the same
When your bestfrieind becomes family. <--- my sister
Great meeting today w/ Amazing brainstorming session on how 2 help Latino access
Waiting for this day to b over.... :-(
What Eric Howard heres from his window "Here by the river, between the train yard and the freeway (a quarter million cars per day)."
Seriously? Poor planning!
Peyton is an emotional disaster and a class act. It's a perfect storm.
Come on pacers
Hm. So are the data objects I download as e-books in-physible?
I'm in need of a math #tutor who's trying to help me? (sigh) more help!
can i move out of ohio yet or?
oh wait, thats what i eat, nevermind
Mike's on his way to President-Elect Training (PETS) for Rotary in San Jose this weekend. Jan-Pro Sac is proud of you MIke!
I have a secret :P i don't feel comfortable keeping it. Ughughugh
hm :( but she looked fine...I thought I was worst then her, well I hope she's feelin better cause that feelings a bitch
Stuller: Amy Poehler's Leslie Knope character on Parks and Recreation is the best!
Government is not reason, it is not eloquence - it is force. - George Washington
Huh im FUCKING BORED
#randomthingsmyfriendsays "if u were a robot you'd be eva,only pink,and I'd be Zeus from Real Steel... Hm thanks?
For this, I'm not going to jail but I'm sure gonna go to hell.
fit challenge... get fit with me. we can work out the money
I like avi
The child that is the hardest to love is the one you should love the hardest!
Want more Followers [ ] and you might get more followers!
I had too!! I keep sayinh it outloud!! RT : STEALER!!!!! RT : Uhh, yeah I'm here for the gang bang!
I think I just purchased my last newspaper. Sunday version of the AJC was so thin the $2.50 I paid for it seemed sort of pricey.
My neck, my back, lick my pussy and my crack!
It's been too long, when do you want to grab lunch :)?
I might do that! I've been meaning to check your place out since told me about it!
Leave Florida! I need a roommate come May 1st! ;)
I may be the queen of hearts, but I'm gonna be the queen of your body parts ;)
political inversion: followers should be followed. Followed should follow. My question: why you don't follow?
Governor Walker got more votes in an uncontested primary than Barrett and Falk combined. Boom.
He will open a door for you soon, we're with you. Please see our prayer-app www.birdofprayer.org thank you
PT kicked my ass today. #Misfits and #ChaiTea for a relaxing Friday night!
One of those hashtags was for you, ha ha.
yes it was ...brown n big jk jk lol I'm tripping
haha oh.... But San Francisco in general!?
Oh. My. Goodness. Creepy dude next to me macking (very unsuccessfully) on the flight stewardess...
Every country is ruled by popular opinion. There is no such thing as a truly 'free' country. If popular opinion is ignored, there's a revolt
#GetHoodieAllenOnFallon Do it , get on your show!
Pet peeve: bands who make you wait for 1.5 hours to start house show so the can go get ice cream. I'm an old lady, I guess.
AH for shame! We'll be sure to party extra hard w/ in your stead! See you at !
Nice! Looks like a real cool location. Hope shooting goes well!!
oh it was nothing and lol when??
RT : Calling today "white Wednesday" cause it's only fair
Any chance of a Valentines Res for 2 ANY time after 7 Thanks for your time!!! Peter.
Dallas, TX
thanks for the shout out!
My main point vis a vis #IOT is that we need to approach policy by *broadly* considering how mkt structures impact competition. Thoughts?
Need Hot Beats? Zoe Beats Is Your Mans! $20 Leases Purchase Your Tracks! Today! SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat New Beats R Added Daily!
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 36
Giving your parking deal a shot for tonight's Mobile Meetup! I have my code ready to go.
The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and weaknesses and still thinks you're completely amazing.
let me know I will save you a hoodie and shirt
yeah me to ill make you a great cheesesteak
i seem to like dudes named marcus this the 4th one in a row.
#history #museum #historical Tuesday History Quote: The only thing we have to fear is fear itself – FDR - 1933
wow one more day ;( #9/11
yo, can you play Far From Ready by ? much love for the fans ! :)
3D rendered games are extremely effective but a child's ability to grasp concept is highly dependent on cog development
The only part of life I'm sure of is the one I share with you.
I can't believe we have February Camp next week. Time is srsly flying by like whoa.
I'm curious to see Apple's next move. Predictions?
knowing the requirements of the charges I think its fair. Zimmerman misses the premeditated portion of 1st degree
Both sound good. RT : If God sends you to the edge of a cliff, only two things can happen: either He will teach you how to...
#WordPress #Tools AddThis Sidebar Widget – Adds RSS info and social bookmarking links to the sidebar.
ya it's easy.
Very interesting quote that I found posted..
What time is the ustream?
Thats how a true Champ does it (:
watching this Trayvon Martin case on BET..smh it's crazy
Listening to all day and doing homework. My windows open, and it feels like summer:)
Beginning to think working at home today would've been a good idea...
Not going to the library no more at far
#OrganicClothingBenefits101 - Good for you and the environment!
I know that I didnt turn that fountain on. Wtf.
I am glad you overcame the bullying. What made you stand up and how did you do it? :)
no doubt
email sent, thanks again:)
Taking a walk on the beach today.
I hate how everywhere I go I have to get 2 meals to feel satisfied.
Stay updated with BlueMonster by Following us on Twitter:
I just need somebody to loooveee<3
Just about a perfect morning here in Dumbo. Excited for my first with Jamie Salka
he should follow me back
The lakers need some help like right na!
RT Last builder's meeting! #FPAC20 is just around the corner! :")
Stop treatn the RIGHT ppl WRONG and the WRONG ppl RIGHT Cuz in the end it's the RIGHT ppl that's by ur side whenever things are going WRONG!
Deadliest Catch is great, but it was better when Capt. Phil Harris was alive.. #R.I.P. Phil!
Oomf mad at me for no reason.... smh
shit shanley, that's all you had to say
Finally made a twitter! :)
Almost at 900 likes! :) Which means another song will go up!!!!
lets go Pacers!
VLJ's Consumer Law Clinic is happening right NOW! Do you need assistance or know someone who does? RSVP for next week's clinic!
Ok maybe just a couple of drinks 2 shots of whatever
its okay , i love me some justin<3 lol
it's ok money wise but I work wit a bunch of Mexicans who only speak Spanish
Max Gentleman being a character in the next Fifty Shades of Grey sequel.
Somewhere someone is looking for exactly what you have to offer
Got 'em on my ride. “: Spinners are back in style?#somebodylied”
Enjoying some amazing pupusas at the brooklyn flea w/ the bestest!
not really. He was an a-hole, thrift, and wife beater.
S/O to and all my new followers... mention me and i'll foll u back..
Next time! I was only there for the traffic and roadside refreshment...
Dear GIS experts, developers and freelancers GIS users and companies are waiting for you to develop some tools.
YES! Way to go Cap'n Mal! RT : Castle got renewed too? Can the cancellation streak be over?
lol lucky(; & i didnt go cause im sick. hahaa
Thanks, i might change it tho and make different ones
Debating whether to go to the game or not..
where is Nosa?
She's not his mom.
I don't know how old I'll be when Leroy Jenkins stops being funny, but it's not 35.
i know but that when i write fast, sorry haha xD
Yeah I def took it easy last night. Paper for school due tomorrow and I can't stay awake
Hoping mamma bring some salmon so I can smash!
bring their own decks to each table?! What games they have running and is it busy there?? glgl
New York City: Tolerant of your beliefs; judgmental of your shoes
Looking like a sunny weekend in Seattle (70+). Happy you all are getting a taste
enjoying a Yards Brawler right now.
Cannot wait to watch UK get beat.
I need your help and so do your friends and family. Free book. www.ucanbefitover40.com/help-me
That's so awesome! Glad SF is agreeing with you! We make it down occasionally, will keep you posted :)
Bummer again. Unfortunately we can't remove the batteries of our main system. Worse is when some drunk pulls the hotel alarm.
Oh but its only life.! I just came to let you know.!
We wish you all a spook-tacular Halloween today; be sure to keep your little ones safe and warm while...School party today 1:pm
I just killed a helpless chicken with my bare right hand. I'm a bad person.
message me now!!
Chinese mathematicians knew about Pascal's triangle at least 900 years ago. Do you know the Pascal triangle?
In honor of National Etiquette week, I am going to bow when greeting you, I will not chew gum, and I will not blow my nose in public.
Careful when hiring a social media manager. Most think "playing around with Facebook and Twitter" is a career.
Got softball practice im in beast mode right now!!!!!!
Gonna get my belly button repierced hopefully this weekend.:P Lol
CRUD being the only pattern supported by REST, I think we are done.
my bitch
I feel 10 lbs thinner in a dress vs. jeans. I need more dresses! Especially if it's going to continue to be 80 degrees like today.
Does one of these indoor guy volleyball players have on BOOTYSHORTS!?!? Why the hell do I still have this on???
Good for you! I'd still keep a weather eye out for 'em, though. One never knows . . .
Busy fun day on the ranch, come join the party...
Who doesn't love a drunk viewing of Sleepless in Seattle with your best friends of a Saturday night?
through wardrobe fashion selection, Hair and Make up/Skin Care.
just one of the many reason I love you, Twin
Also, able graduate assistant will continue to manage in my absence to keep you abreast of museum happenings.
Welp, the ladies have spoken: Pockets on dresses are great.
En route to Madison Square Garden!!
A Thai-born US immigrant was again cleared by an appeals court of the 1991 murders at a Buddhist temple in Arizona.
I do weird things like tell myself "If I run today, Tigers will win/ Boesch HR". U can try your flashing thing
We really need to score on this drive.
#Together and #AllNightLong love this songs :) #DemiStayStrong #love her voice :)
Have you seen King Tut @ The Children's Museum of Indy?
Not surprising. RT : James McDonald in the on-deck circle if Alvarez gets on.
hey were here ready for the race here in Richmond, is the race still on for tonight??? let me know!!! Thanks!!!
Monta Ellis is a great addition to I wish they would have gotten him earlier. Great performance tonight tough loss.
Aww Milly crying cuz he don't wanna go to Mexico. :o
you guys still there?
you need to check out Pappa Joe's in Brandon, they have the best pastrami & turkey sandwich.
Suddenly after Cake & TUTM Remix. RT : I didn't know some of you liked Rih all of sudden I mean ...
Ill cut off my ears before I hear your advise
Aw :) Just don't get involved in any sports scandals or I'll hafta interview u lol RT : #SomeoneIWantToMeet ! In time
So pumped!! My favorite dj and club!!
Good morning South Bay, I'm hosting office hours at Otay Mesa-Nestor Library today!
do you think that this is a wake up call for our guards to step up or is it just a formula the Clips have to beat us?
The Media? There must be a newspaper or TV reporter or enterprising blogger who could help...
So fun watching the Rangers whoop the Yankees!!!!
New Meat Beat Manifesto EP coming out September 14th. Looking forward to hear what Jack is up to. Full length Answers Come in Dreams Oct. 12
It's Friday tomorrow <U+263A>
Awesome! Send us the link! RT : that was great. thanks for sharing - I just started a tumblr page:)
Thanks for the info Justin - we'll look into it.
christianity facts
yummy smoothie!
I hate the fact that you feeling I want you to feel better
Love the new icon! So pretty!
Johnson is reading contemporary reviews of Beethoven, Wagner and others. They were brutal! Nice bit of perspective.
Next question RT : They let me in the club with whatever Forget the dress code.
Girls with boyfriends <
I literally just wanna stay outside all day.
I want sleep ,I'm sad and sick :(.!! This sad Bye guys XoxoVane LoveyouGuys thanks for follow me<3<3
really? Funny. Thought we traded the pick.
Always love my strategy meetings and work days with
You are good! :)
When she's all you ever think about
owner? Or do you plan on being a jockey?
beautiful ride home!
I'm clearly not good during high stress situations.
#prayforjapan Lord help the people.
thanks for the follow! Let's stay connected! Ps looking for sponsors if you know of anyone! Thanks
Or, the illusion that it is not!
gain power within...
I wonder if we can get #FollowMeRobert trending lol
Thx 4 follwng LR All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
off to bed :)... more work tommorrow :/
Singing* We can do it anywhere... I can love you in the shower Both of our bodies dripping wet
Q1: Dinner at home and movie night afterwards.
Thanks #TEAMFOLLOWBACK - Keep it coming!!!
Boston's "Bull and Finch", the 'Cheers' bar (exterior that is, the interior of Cheers was a sound set!)
haha obviously the prank queen's side (;
You say you shouldn't have to change, so what you're doing isn't wrong...?
good night had with James, Slice, Basset, and ... was missed, but played some games for Ion.
double dip recession?
Gorgeous sun streaming through clouds to the west over #chicago. Special moment. Look out your window!
Big Thanx Everyone Follow Him! N Check Out My Beats @ SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat
It's Peytons house and will always b UNTIL you can bring us a ring #ANDREWLUCK, then i will be UR biggest fan but4 now let's get a MVP LOL
An audition is a cross between a striptease and a one night stand. You bare it all, then not give a fuck whether they call you back or not.
Kudos of , winner of the Commitment to Service Award at the Greek Awards Ball!
And you might be surprised that there are different options for treatment
Stop drinking! It's a work day
my phone does ringtones and can even sporadically connect to the internet
Don't forget we have a show coming up 8/11 at the KiMo Theatre
What's happening?
The quality of leadership, more than any other single factor, determines the success or failure of an organization
moms been texting me that she has been reading on the porch everyday. Team mom is loving it.
Make your res for Saturday's Tea Clinic featuring Black & Green Tea paired w/ Tea Infused Shortbread Cookies
Haven't been on in forever, what's good ya'll
Class activities to develop meaning? Websites that you feel are useful? You get to be the voice of experience!
#MyFirstYearAtFAMU I learned that the word "Green" and "Flaw" had a double meaning smh lol
haha right....you like him more than that obviously. words cant even describe
oh... That's cool. Haha. I've seen those shows s few times.My sister really loves criminal minds
hehe me! D:
why can't you care...?
I took a bath instead. Stings like a dog ;) and my mom is making me wear long sleeves
is like a member of our family. There are more pictures of him than and me in our house. This is devastating.
Does anyone know how many Modiglianis are in the Radev collection at the usher gallery?
Thanks. I hope you have a great Christmas too! What will you be doing?
"Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy." - Thich Nhat Hanh
dunk contest hasn't been good since vince carter was beasting it.
jeckyl and Hyde? We can toss a coin to see who gets to be Hyde.
GODDAMMIT WAR HORSE
You at the titty bar spending your rent money trying to pick up a stripper
stuck workin all night. He's funny shit though. If you can get out here sometime, I'll pay for your cab ride home.
Enjoying cake. :) with and
I've never watched a single episode of One Tree Hill, so I decided I'm going to watch all the seasons on Netflix starting now.
U have changed so much... idk who u r anymore
everyone is closed but us? gosh my school is so stupid.
re: flying cars - not ubiquitous but you'll be able to buy one in a few years - probably need flying license & no pub road
thanks. Btw: do you know any good attorneys? All I have is the contact for some public defender...
I probably could have ran to Germany by now right?!?
Thank u honey:) xoxo
taught nd how to South Dallas Swag this morning
LITSA! My mom was more excited to meet you last week than anybody else! Hope to see you soon
Sir,U may want 2 remind Repubs. It's more cost effective 2 provide Disabled folks services needed 2 stay at home,Then Nrs. Hms.
yeah, but isn't the Canadian cupcake exchange rate pretty ridiculous?
I like when I get new followers, even if they aren't real people.
My head is full of pudding lumps.
yeah that's the nickname. I'm just having a lazy day. My last day off before work. How is your day going?
Subway cookies >>
need to eat..mickey D's here we come! ;)
crazy alert lol
Check out American Idol at Saz's State House tonight! Lots of fun food and beverage specials await! Be an Idol with Saz's :D
Who wants to see a sneak peek of our new website!?
No problem real soon!!!
take me with you! I make great company. #maybe :-/
My iPhone notifications just erupted with flood of alerts for past several days. Electronic Krakatoa!
What's happening tonight?
New Chrome man-purse. I'm wearing it now.
When it rains it pours...#Cowboys have a lot of work to do to get back into this game
good choice! My pref too.
the packers have had the lead in the 4th quarter and kept it for 14 straight games
thank you sharebeast
Navy Recruiting District in Chicago looking for dental officers, offering annual specialty pay, sign-on bonus & more!
20-20 television in the UK Looking for US Pageants for Contestants with Disabilities: www.pageantcenter.com/pageant_announcements.html
My hands are purple agian, and my nails look black. I wish mulberry under the fingernail would come into fashion instead of french manicure.
mine has a 512gig SSD and a 720gig hybrid HD. Luv it.
MVC scheduled better this year, and performed better against power 6 than the previous year. Hoping trend continues.
Rangers with their worst playoff performance tonight. Another Game 7 at MSG
Magnet schools w/shady admissions procedures, poorer kids looked over b/c parents couldn't afford to bling up science fair projects, etc.
I may, I just can't focus on anything, least of all studying & it's just frustrating! Worse that my son is asleep & hubby busy.
Yes and no. Yes b/c you can push yourself as hard as you want. No b/c you can push yourself as hard as you want.
Tampa bound (: textt me
hahaha for real
And maybe a season 1 of 24 recap? I haven't seen it since 3rd grade, and it's the best! :)
we about to cruise again today haha
I want to cry! But that strong woman inside of me telling me to fuck that shit and keep my head up!
It is known as the healthiest place on Earth
Good morning!
knowin I need to go to sleep. Ima be a zombie in class lol
I am only RTing things of general interest & to help people make connections. Make sure you check out #thatcampphilly & #thatcamp for more!
The intersection of Carey Road and Simmons Street is open in all directions.
nike ltd
very inspiring. Thanks for sharing. Are u doing TM this weekend?
Letting your kids walk around n the rain is stupid!
are you inside, or in your car?
Rise and shine #phx! It's a gorgeous morning.
Big THX to for her help with the #IntheArtoftheCity event for
I feel like my room is going to catch on fire with all these lights. Oh,well.
#FF to great new #health wellness tweeps! Great stuff!
Dinner and drinks with friends!
“: talking of MySpace. Is tumblr like MySpace now?” increasingly true...never a big user of either one.
in Shreveport tonight addressing the Urgency of Now!
shoot the moon, miss completely
"We already had you. Why would we help you now?" Wonder where that #1 cust. serv. rating came from. Is the $220 worth it to you, ?
Awesome discussion with Chris from today about #hyperlocal, #curation and
I have to disagree. The Finn/Rachel dynamic is one of the reasons Glee is so bad now. More = ratings tumble.
HI! FYI - you are always the rockstar known as kgspecial to me. :-) Hope you are great!
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” <U+2015> Albert Einstein <U+2665> :)
#MoonsOverMyHammy I'm not sure how this is still a discussion.
thx dude :o that open me up
Blake your feet are slow. Don't bitch about that being a foul, you're all over him
Landed ATL cold brewed Oolong to avoid airplane heated water! Will go great with my biscuits n gravy!
You ever see someone at the first window at McDonald's and think how you'd totally tap that if they didn't have such a shitty job? NOPE.
I'm so mother f****k*** tired right now going to take a nap <U+E00E>
Can anyone recommend a UI specialist, preferably in the NY/Tristate area?
Demi Lovato's new single will be called 'Shut Up and Love Me'.
Yeah ... its not over yet ... were just getting started !!!! Summer 2012 >>>
There's always #that successful "I told you so." RT : Now that I'm a Twitter addict, #Facebook blows
I've got one vote for 2001: A Space Odyssey as the most important sci-fi film ever made. What do you think? (Thanks )
Trust fund baby behind me from NYE, u don't know anything about bball
swag, follow
You are welcome!
Why am I such a jealous person? <<<<
Very profound.
When has had twitter for 1 day and has 20 tweets lmao
fantastic level headed debate with chuck about kobe. I am on chucks side but just an awesome job. Y I listen 2 u guys
Is that from the ITaP security cams?
ga bball gettin smacked by kentucky
Speaking with PRIDE Group today at the Hilliard Senior Center. Great opportunity to learn about our "full service" offering for families
that was the best thing ive done all freaking year!!!
Supposedly Columbus is trying to attract an NBA team. Tell me why I should care.
Already,Brother.
Dissappointed with the packers draft choice I've had much respect for Thompson n still do but what a waste of a pick from one college
Getting ready for the workshop on Selphyl,the “Liquid Face Lift”.Today at 1:00pm.Hope to see you all there.Call 305-640-5603 if U need info.
dear TL, i get it -_-
#ALEXANDROBERTHAVETHEBESTSWAG OUT THERE NO ONE CAN BEAT IT EVER
It's better to light a candle than to curse the darkness
Thx for spreading the word!!!
Also the definition of "compass."
I hate the news, only bad stuff
Bobby valentine you are ruining one of the most storied sports franchises in a few months. I hate you.
Should be hitting bars and stores soon. We sent it out into the world late last week. Can't wait to see your take on it
send mp3s to
and you will make a very pretty peacock! I wanted to be a bird and have chris be a hunter with a gun for halloween!
Im already tired of hearing about Peyton Manning
No Irn Bru, I'm afraid but some Scottish treats are available at a British pub. Otherwise I just send for stuff.
at your age, yes. At my age, I can blame past misdeeds.
Just hit the east side of the LBC..... Literally
We are a full service print shop. . Local.
Couple of job interviews and then it is off to boxing. I really want to box competitively again. I miss it.
What is she? An egyptian crocodile? Because SHE is in denial.
so, anyways. I'm a terrible organizer. haha. done.
can u check ur dms really fast? :)
I wish you knew all of the things he's said about you.
Happy Sunday!:)
#Occupy Ohio State
yes n they just drew blood
I'm playing the Station Bar at the tonight at 8PM. Come hang out, grab some food and listen to some music. No cost.
yes I would visit
bored as shit wit nothin to do
hey Thomas, I know you probably won't see this but my friend wants you to notice her! Or maybe even tweet her!
Chris Brown and Rihanna are gonna do their comeback song on American Idol..Where he will beat up another girl: Ryan Seacrest
DS: bo!! And screw his son, i want to see Peter suffer. RT : 1
how u makin do 2 hrs meanyy.... But i wouldnt want u driving either you might kill him when ur behind the wheel
hmm... Awesome concert though. I've mentioned your MCA op ed to some friends and it seems to piss everyone off. Good job!
21 jump street tonight!!!
she totally backstabbed me, she knows he means so much to me but of course she is gonna go for him!!
#Np Change Positions
from the business model of any sport or business
Another learning spanish observation. "Si, esta aqui." and "Siesta aqui." sound too much alike.
almost summer blues
The countdown is on 90 min till American Idol. Auditions from Galveston Texas. Tune into fox.
The most pushups ever performed in one day was 46,001.
There are some of you who have listened to some great music from Poised Creation! Thank You
The Mall is amazing!!Love it<3
We still have work to do.
hahaha. love you too!:)
you and me were kings
Have you had to employ acupuncture yet for your signing hand?
Off to the airport! Bye bye Florida :)
im going to cry all nite becuz of this :\
We're excited too! RT : Excited that the Master's students are coming to today!
that would only be your loss.
College Football Predictions: Night game Wisconsin @ OH St; OH St +8 and the under - 49
getting ready for St.Patty's Day......Savannah here we come
Love the Blues? We do too - Come to the to see Tommy Dukes Blues Band live, Sat. May 19, 9pm!
"When I see a man from the Ashab al-Hadith, it is as if I have seen the Prophet (S) – alive." [Imam al-Shafi'i via Khatib al-Baghdadi]
Yah, Drake better put on his combat boots.
It looks like something happened on Grey's Anatomy. No spoilers, please! I'm not going to watch it. I just don't want to hear about it.
Good night! :)
I'm bringing #nakedtanning back :)
Take nothing for granted...
thanks for the RT! :)
#GhettoGameShow "Who's daddy is it anyways?"
Concentration and Focus..God knows we put it in the wrong places
I've already been like that. Never have and never will
Forget sleep. The #dodgers are on
Aww, thank you Usha. We were just talking about how amazing you were earlier with Lisa. Kate can't wait to catch up w you!
Teach me how to card trick
My hope is in you Lord
Apparently, 3 years equals 2 boxes full of empty liquor, wine, & beer bottles w/ a few salsa & apple sauce jars mixed in.
june 27th at Galaxy Cds. Sparks The Rescue, Rocky Loves Emily, Aristo and Let It Happen
I feel the same way about Hardy. We actually liked the name Jude too way back in the early stages and I brought up Hardy
theres a song called "Take the K Train." Na, I'll pass lol
I have a bunch of other weeds to identify now. Weird things show up out of nowhere and take over!
The truth is coming out. END FOR DEMAND is all about attacking porn and the adult industry using the plight of real victims.
Somehow just when you think you couldnt get anymore frustrated with the Royals, they manage to push past that
Catch up I've been doing that.
Imma be cool ah shit at teacher's conference . Lol
how u doing been dealin with sum family issues
Big Flats (Adams Co.) reporting 1.8" of rain with pea size hail. Watch for isolated flooding this morning
Day after Tomorrow
Shawty will you be mine..
when you say stuff like that it doesn't help me.
On the set tonight! Get ready for some tweets!
We're curious: What is the most interesting thing that you've seen or heard at #PLA12?
Your messages are urgently needed to push back against Senate conservatives attempting to drastically reduce funding under VAWA.
here's to the kalin and Myles fans who love YBM&M bars.
Thank you for the follow! We'd be honored to have you come to our party next Monday night at Traffic Bar (midtown East) <U+2661>
Happy Friday, Everyone! Here's to a peaceful, stress-free weekend. Namaste
- that's cuz everybody at the top is really really busy :) no time to sit :)
I am SO GLAD to hear we're helping people like this, but saddened that it's needed so near to home, ya know?
is happiest with her silly family. <3
I took it cause I thought we'd be watching movies and stuff but . . I was wrong -.-
we'll be watching! Good luck!
There's something really sweet about that scene! I'll have to use it in a short story.
no, DON'T! PLEASE! I'M BEGGING YOU DON'T DO IT OMG NO
Ooh, I've got it. How about a law that Congress has to PASS LAWS?
Bitch, your just jealous! :D
Daily media briefing underway!
Kicking off final 14 days of fundraising on indiegogo today; we will tweet the plot to get you all hooked to solicit your dough!
when will I get my stuff? :o
Worked out but then ate an amazing red velvet treat from Cupcake...oh well.
Watching Once upon a Time.
O boy. I am annoyed by names all the time. Especially first names that sound like brands at Whole Foods.
so dramatic.
Tip #124: Feel good = play well. Listen, watch, or read something that makes you belly laugh = endorphins that lead to better health.
Calcula will drastically improve the treatment of kidney stones in an office setting & without anesthesia
this Masters talk is getting me hype !
Bowdlerize My Heart
you're almost back into cooler temps. i know you're not a fan of needing a fan to stay cool.
I know! It is totally worth it though! I need the pool time. lol
doesn't that article cite the american study from this summer? or was there a new one?
You look beautiful in my eyes.. :):)
Winning the motherhood lottery: school lost & found closet has thing you were looking for PLUS something you didn't even know was missing.
Thank you to all who came out to celebrate the grand opening of Rosedale on Saturday, June 4th! It was an amazing day!
mine came with a guide book but I only read the intro
very appropriate.. geez.. so many hateful people in the world that get their rocks off on making others miserable!
Cowboys coach Jason Garrett "We had Claiborne #2 on our big board (behind A.Luck). Didn't think he would be available at our spot (#14)"
CUMBIAS... Perfect for an energy boost. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6> #karaoketime!
Very pleased with the NFL draft results thud far.
I agree! It's the death race!
lmao.. Yhu right! But it just sound nice. Lol
UR 2 Funny! That kid was annoying, now go hunt down Mom:)
people must be losin sight of what's real. Some shoes? Smh
Chilly, raining night in Denver. Perfect for snuggling in and reading a good book. Just curious what you are currently reading...
Lil Jon only has 548,000 twitter follwers?? What??? Come on Twitter
Exactly!! RT : Having a movie night with my two ladies tonight! Today is Tuesday to them, they get loved everyday!
it is open for anyone. It is bit expensive. Please check the website!
come down to the State House tonight! we are Occupying til Apr 14 or until the legislature does the right moral thing
thanks! But not so new ;)
A Pig Parade Is a Terrible Idea with Gr 1&2 this week. Follow up activity about panda parade. Such cute ideas and pictures!
Robert it's here!! Wanted to share the site is up!! Pre-sale is up! W.marlenebrehm.com Thank you so much for the support!!
this sounds amazing!
IMA GET AH BUTT ENLARGEMENT .
Why did the monster go into hospital?To have his ghoul-stones removed.
Thank Goodness Its The Day Before Friday B*tches! #TGITDBFB :)
follow her
Cupcakes are cool but brownies are better.
#PracticalSecurityTactics separate your assets into trust zones and don't commingle different trust levels.
oh lord
yes! But this was earlier in the a.m. And all week!
“: This ain't no picnic bitch”
I think i like twitter better than facebook!!! :)
The fight against education isn't bright. We need education so kids have a fighting chance to succeed. Gop don't care about ppl
Omg I can't move.i hate being sick.plus my braces are killing me!can't even eat watermelon:/
I love that Barry Sanders tweets!!!! You're one of my sports idols! “: What?! Charles Barkley is hosting Saturday Night Live?”
today's?! Haha
Follow me Please Camren I LOVE YOU SO MUUUUCHHHHH
so... Where are you?
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you wake up after a night of drinking and you can't find your pants, or your underwear.
Say hi for me, she's an old teacher and future colleague of mine at HC!
Been n da dam house all dam day# slp
probs she was just distracted. Girl usualy has a lot going on.
Great job, Sandra!
Hot damn... has to love that Yo just showed him up at the plate.
Still way too super dorky to train indoors in full-armed wetsuit. Srsly.
Well, TD Jakes has got Oprah going. And we know what his purpose is!
that's so funny ! Lmao tell him it got approved (:
Ocean Gang Mobsta, it is not a problem, Young pretty nigga, but I do tote tha choppa!
Only thing I chase is money !
spent my afternoon battling malware, which severely affected productivity.
I got my permit! #YAY <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Work then Christmas shopping!
Travelling through the snow on the way to Heathrow ready for my walk accross the sahara desert
hahah was just about to text you
I'm a woman of my word.
Hi, everyone. Hope it has been a good week for you all.
#redberryciroc on deck
haha I know. I was quoting the song.
joining the #weddingmarketchat (also late!)
RT : Ready for #RSAC & #BSidesSF? Stop by booth #1147 and say hi! What topics/events are you most excited about?
LOVE IS LOVE<U+2755><U+2755>
I will hold my tongue on this whole North Carolina thing until I know all the facts and form my own opinion.
6 of 10 adults in NOLA at risk for #diabetes. A community-wide effort is needed to curb this epidemic. Help raise awareness.
um your fake...
Thank you!!!
we walked the straight blue of day into / harmonic strains that / undercut a hollow sky
lol...true i feel ya
yes she will
if you aint part of it fuck you....go take it in the ass you english fuck
I was just mistaken for you. So you must be a straping gentleman with a handlebar mustache.
Life passes most people by while they're making grand plans for it.
Romans 8:28 And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose.
Walking the dog while wearing shorts and flip flops in February is just one of the many reasons I love Texas.
woohoo! :D glad to hear!
hey sis what's up
#np the bodyguard soundtrack and it just evokes so much emotion in me
Bright sunny morning - good for spraying the fruit trees (organic spray) and planting a Saturn peach tree. Work done for harvest later!
i draw you.. it took my 3 hours! RT if you want to see it :D
Anger can cloud your mind cool heads always prevail
Ah thats great! Site should be launching very shortly. Had a slight set back but will be up and running soon. I will let you know
#FF Fighting back against the student loan industrial complex
As CRAZY as it is - we have a downstairs space open! Submit your proposals to for info and consideration!
": Sex aint better than love..." Speak for yourself"
lol I was being serious. You have some moves but deadly from the corner.
In Miami u go out and niccas are predictable....yall be wearin the same shit...at the same damn time!!! lol
Good ? Many outlets don't. Ultimately, have to rely on reputation of org and whether consistent w/other polls.
Always wishing that just maybe one day I'll wake up and see in my mentions :) Good night!
Deal-of-the-day sites like Groupon and LivingSocial are becoming super popular...does your business take advantage of them? Why or why not?
Just in case anyone wonders, no we are not schizo! Writer: Ron, Editor: Rose, Events: Jenni tweet! #sandiego sports
Today was intense
: I wish I can say #WhyILoveCanada, but never been..
Looking forward to watching the show Saturday night. Have a safe flight.
Excited to hear that one of our Board members, , is a panelist at - Feb 4th!
get drunk tonight pussy.
quite possible. Going down like water so far
After 7 months of treatments my buddy just finished surgery to remove the greatly reduced lump of cancer & carry on w/life!
Basically. Whoever is left with a somewhat healthy roster, basically
ok i want to go to a Real concert soon. Montgomery, you know i hate it, is so lame. i have to go to Miami to my dads to see a decent concert
awesome synopsis. Hip hop. Is the only genre of music that practices ageism....
i believe you can get postgame highlights (A&V) with the MLB AT Bat App
thanks for your Gold sponsorship of
": Will you be seeing the Dictator Movie?" Only if it shows actual Tator Dickin'!
Freshman of the yr. Plyr of the yr. Final4 MVP. #8 #BBN If all the cats plyd with half the heart MKG did we'd be unstoppable
Thank you for the thoughts and prayers.
Whitney Wednesday. Dinner and a Movie this week is an homage to Ms. Houston. Showing all of her hit movies w/ featured cocktails.
I was in L.A. 4 about 5-6 years. Did a bit of small T.V. roles. Live in Denver, Co now. Theatre is the acting outlet here.
but they are all good sports
62 degrees in December? I knew there was a reason I moved to the south.
Shooting "Spooks" for BBC in London called in Canada and U.S M15!!!Filmando "Spooks" en Londres mejor concido en Canada y U.S.A M15!!!
some of you need to get a job.
yes we're here too!!!
Cool beans.
SO FULL
random fact: of Vivaldi's The Four Seasons, "Winter" is my favorite...
My kingdom for a chair . . .
Even on my weakest days I get a little but stronger..
Listening to Johnny Cash. Wow.
bitkhes wakk #gota get it even if its n da worst way
I'd rather live in Chicago (is what I ment)
thanks for rt about the powell case!
we are the mystic mermaid league.
Did you send me an email? If so I didn't get anything.
Oleanna opens up in Lincoln Hall tonight at 7:30pm in the Recital Hall. General Admission tickets are $6, Students at $4.
Googled the phrase "sex hair and tap shoes" just to see if it was a thing. It's not. So clearly that's the title of my memoir.
Graham fighting MS with all she&#39;s got
What is your favorite food blog?
She doesn't know you..
Must be amateur night these motherfucking kids
haha me either I was just giving you a hard time
Oh you triflin!
lol yes. I have always loved food.
RT -Thanks everyone for continuing to support Band. There's a long way to catch up! Empire pull together! RT
well make some for us and bring me some!
Ugh why is it so cold in here
Would you rather sell the same $1 item a million times with little setup or 20,000 $500 items individually?
RIP Junior Seau. I'm socked he's gone
got one for an episode I did for $.74 net. See you there!
If Bynum and Gasol start to slack, #Lakers should go Blake, Bryant, Barnes, Artest and Hill. Call it the #EveryDayImHustlin unit.
After slumbering through a hundred million centuries we've eventually opened our eyes on an opulent planet, plentiful with life.
and you call me young lol. You're like my little sisters age
yeah she really is! How cute I'm so excited for her
NEW BG AND PIC TELL ME WHAT YOU THINK OF IT!!!
Actually I was thinking more like Guinness and soda bread. Funny this came up - forgot this Saturday is St. Pat's Day!
So. Gotta make it to June without drinking coffee.
It's my birthday and premiere! This can't be any better <U+2764>
A coked up roid raging Bob Probert would have his hands full with
Twins Bro
Fyi asking cats politely to calm down doesn't work
My Biggest Dream Wuld B 4 A Superstar To Meet Justin ANd Jaden or for the To FOllow me and my bffl ellie #
11:11 :) did u make a wish??
No. But you're not a Minneapolitan until you chase down completely baseless Prince rumors.
#shoutout to my best friend #follow him
my college greek prof chastised me for using them. I say go for it
they can suck my dick you have birth to avp
My dog is so sweet . He has layed in bed next to me AL day cause i dont feel good.<3 hes a keeper(;
Watching Scream 4 Gosh This Movie Is Scary And Neve Cambell Is So Pretty! !
Sorry I missed you! I assume Wednesday nights aren't great?
Hey how about them sooners? ;)
yea a huh
Me on phone to consultant: "I have a consult for you." Consultant: "What's the patient's insurance?" Me: "Nevermind."
omg my new puppy is soo cute
Hey - gov mansion grass needs mowed. Time for you to take a break from campaigning and focus on your LT GOV duties.....
Anyone lookin to do something?
RT : Yo get at my people #sign C.B.Y.A. Homies to "
When guys change their profile pictures EVERY week.... Smh
is there an option to always automatically open all messages in a conversation in preview pane, instead of opening individually?
maryland is crabs l o l
Huge Shout Out to my dear friend who needs to get his hinney back to twitter to stay!! FB is too boring.., (;
Fuck liars!fuck backstabbers! They should ask choke on a fat meaty aids infected Dick! That is all...
I wish it was "hump" day :)
just suggested this the other day-- that a group of us become a corporation & go to law school as "a person."
AMAZING PERFORMANC SWEETIE.....
Tiger back in top 20 @ -2. Still has a ton of reverse weight shift in his swing. That won't get job done longterm. Go either way tomorrow.
Just voted for you like 1,000 times ;D time to go vote 1,000 more times lol love ya <3
I'm here at Center on Halsted, but we seem to have some internal Tech issues.. trying to get on...
#GOODCAUSES.What a wonderful way to care for others.I love #teaching,tutoring&counseling Kids with
Snow in march extra stinks when it screws up your flights
just saw The Avengers, Black Widow + Pepper Potts in daisy dukes > Loki :)
I'm enjoying that from here!
please follow back:)
Triglav is FREEZING! I didnt even want to get outta my car... and I love winter!
I live in buffalo it's never hot here. It's always cold. Be thankful that you atleast get nice weather!
But I decided not to
Thanks Aga! Please try that entry once more. :)
600 likes!!!! Thanks everyone :) I'll try to think of something special to do in celebration...hmm...
Rob Swanson said you're a G !!!!
Yeah. Me neither.
Duh, were you expecting new anime?
Ha, I was worried about blinding people with any more pics :) I thought the towel was as much as anyone could handle!
Good point; article says it might get "ugly" in the short-term. I'm curious to see what they find, even if hard to interpret.
In the car with Kevin&AJ, then on the bus with the whole Cross-Country Family <3
12/18/11: The greatest February day ever in the history of Michigan athletics. (Probably).
Back from Carmen Kudos to and the chorus. The leads sounded great...
Baseball players wear pants...they the only niggas who wear pants in sports
I didn't take that article as a joke, unless the joke is John boruk himself
Maybe consider moving Rickie out of the lead off spot?
The kids are discussing how there are different kinds of gulls, e.g., seagulls and ea-gulls.
great movie!
I said that for 3 mos. when did u chang ur mind?
Ima get myself some chips first >>>
of course, there has to be undergarment consideration. She nay want #vintage style? So many plans
#everett Help Florist catch-up on deliveries today. We have 300 to go! Pass the word. come in now. 425-392-7568
Anyone know what's up on 45 south in Germantown area? Bus has been sitting in bad traffic for about 20 minutes now.
Wonderful comments of support for #miamiarts from 2 speakers from the Museum Young Patrons! #miamidade budget
You have been found! Come out slowly with your hands in the air...
I have waited for this moment to come and I won't let it pass me by...
these are the Rangers I remember
The boys haven't teeeted in a while -__-
I really don't understand why my family is so mean to me.
4 dudes tossin' the 'bee on a vacant Quad ain't helping either. And can someone check the levels? Nasty feedback.
My tummy hurts :(
I apologize to my followers about the tweet/picture/instagram overload this weekend. I get that way when I'm with friends and family. :)
SXSW in Austin is something everyone should experience once!
When did I suddenly enjoy snacking on prunes? Did I age to 70 years old overnight?
about as good as lecture could ever be...
Lol Yeah Imma Wear My Levi Capris and My Vans But Idk What Shirt
You have no idea how much Ryan Beatty means to me :)
The insider is the dumbest tv show i have ever seen in my entire life
So is Tapie wanting to team with Pokerstrat in response to FTP buyout by PStar or is it part of side deal for ftp to be able to
Dating is bad for my figure.
I guess now's a good time to start using Google Music, some albums on sale for $1.99
well, as the previous retweet proves, I am completely brain-fried from finals. Staying home tonight to study and sleep.
I hate knowin u referr to me as "him" to them other dudes.
uhu i know hw to glide thnks to wassabi if u dont now who wassabi is then go YouTube n put hoiitsroi n u will now now who
:P I know your jelly.
Dear Facebook: Sharing an affinity for Beans & Barley and WI sports does not mean I should be friends w/CreepyMcCreeper47.
I can't believe are here in NY and I am just sitting on my couch thinking Bout them :/
Right on!!
Hey, look - #roc was a Jeopardy answer.
i just finally got mine to work. was your ds fully charged? i think thats why mine wasnt updating
<U+60F3><U+53BB><U+6D77><U+5E95><U+635E><U+5403><U+706B><U+9505>!like so badly.... :-(
to host exhibit on 9/11 attacks, opening in Sept. This will be a very emotional exhibit to see. A must.
and if they didn't before, now they do.
Once again the only black dude in the room
just listen to more rock/electrowhatever. It will come.
Easter can be just as much fun as an adult as it was as a child. Just paint and hide beer cans instead of eggs.
is killing it! Get...here...NOW!!!!
LeClairRyan hosts session 03/20: How to Draft & Negotiate Better Licensing Agreements: A Program for Life Science Counsel...
9 more days .<U+E022>
I'm not paying for a cart though.. You can walk your happy ass to two balls. ;)
country boy punch
#nikewatch cannot wait to see the new Broncos gear!!
how r u
RT Land of awesomeness
Oh hell, I'm surrounded by idiots now. We're just not graded alongside them. Much.
voters don't go 12-0 and earn it. How did rankings factor in to Auburn last yr?
And now my leg fell asleep.
haha that's,funny
I don't understand the inside joke of the joke you just made..
ME TOO you need to join where i said asap :(
We'll b serving up your favorite hot dog today at K-Mart on US 31 South in Greenwood..hope to see you there...
Fuck! the world and Fuck my life..
I didn't change, I grew up.. Maybe you should try it sometime...
No Helmer, you can not haz pineapple. it is MINE. MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE
Best show out there if you are into golf by just hilarious and great interviews
That thing where you preface your computer. Internet mail allows you are comfortable with Windows 95.
Night<U+2665> Night<U+2665>
he's on all the big sites. I use 5Dimes which has his best value at +450. So $100 wins $450.
Fall on your face walking up the stairs
At depauw, college visit. To my team mates I love yal and we had a good no regrets to any of it. Love yal!
feel good that I'll be on my 3rd shift as well. We can cowork remotely. Take care of yourself!
Today marks the beginning of trains packed full of people. Happy
Missed 11:11 again but my wish is always the same, for to follow me, let's just hope it happens
Thank you kind sir.
Thanks for the #FF TGIF!! :o)
That's a false dilemma,isn't it?Also,at that stage,they might not have the luxury of choosing between those things.
Yea cuz most of them can't rap
Look who just earned a $ for the 1st time since leaving Bmore! RT Best new app! Sign up for LevelUp using code: 132484
Macy's will give you 15% off online or get 10% off + free shipping if you use code LOVE today!
I think she waxes the stache...
Its called the Basketball diaries
My Russian friend wants to send a photo of my christmas decorated palm trees to St Petersburg ,she just can't get over living in San Diego
Thx! My fiance did it using a free template and photoshop. He'll love hearing u liked it :)
Taco Bell:)
you're an idiot.
nopppeeee what ??? like why are you saying no
From Borrell: In 44 top mkts, Groupon or Autotrader generate more local $ than the largest local paper, TV or radio online operation
What Up "H" Town What Up "D Wii" What Up "Drank Man" What Up "Mouton" What Up "713" (voice)
i am part of #kogodwomen and really ejoying the day
How do you make your drums sound so crispy? Please enlighten me a little (or a lot). I like your music, thank you for it.
Let A Real Nigga Make It Right
#ListeningTo the audiobook version of "The Story of You" by Really cool book.
I may have a problem.
Alert Albert Hammond. #rewrite RT : It is HAILING in Pasadena. #what?
i'm having one of those days where it feels like my eyes refuse to open all the way.
Jus got home from wal mart
Now if I could just have some of that Duke $ to share... RT : Good artists copy, great artists steal. Love,
Glad i turned this game on haha
i keep forgetting graduation is so close...
oh-you got me!
Some say that MATH = Mental Abuse To Humans. do you agree?
“: If you can't face the truth just text it.”// that's me
we knit our tweets onto organic cotton pillows using yarn from grass fed sheep.
so jealous
what are freckles ?
counts for what? Lol
back where i come from, is where ill be when it's said and done!
Let the madness begin.
there you are, what's up buddy?
Everyday I think of something to do but I always end up back at square 1
#iwillonlylikeyouif ... you stay off twitter rather than being on it 24-7
Oh wow! Love the strategy to kick off the pilots on youtube. Great exposure for the other vids as well.
Hahaha I'm practicing for my stand up career. :P
Don't forget Happy Hour Wed
of course it would be. I've grown attached to the Pittsburgh one... But mville is still where it's at.
Wow, barnburner of a Monday and it's only 11:42am. Fun times!
thinking of chronicling my library adventures in a zine. i just need to find a typewriter! YES!
Woohoo- thanks so much for supporting a great cause, Terumi! Hope your day is off to a lovely start!
Kanye West angers PETA with song
I want my unborn son to be like my daddy
If you create a conditional expression larger than 60 characters, my official policy is I hate you
If you're not too afraid of Facebook stealing your infos- try "find friends" using your phone contacts. Who are some of these people?
Juror #2 is a moron
My get up and go done got up and went! (And then it came back and slapped me in the mouth for saying that trite saying)
well that's good tell em I asked about em
S/O to Happy Birthday ! Imma havin a blast !
yes, there is the autograph session at 11 and the Cougar Kids Zone that will be up the entire day
Wow. That's awesome. Thanks for the heads up.
hey! How goes things?
The pancakes or the guy?
“: I bet you Kanye has no idea what the score is right now” Only score Ye cares about is Kanye - 1 Kris Humphries - 0
Don't COMMIT to anything you don't LOVE...
Pasco Pop Quiz Friday coming up at 12pm. First person to answer each question will get a Shoutout and #FF from ! Please RT!
it worked ;)
Yes, he's not even white but they like to call him white because it makes the story sound better
Neva Wuz A Person Dat Wanted 2 B N Spotlight....Rather Lay Low Under Da Radar!!
Big shout-out to our tweeting professors: [Who'd I miss?]
i hear you!!
Great to hear that!
Thanks but what news do you have of ?! He was probably long gone when I finished.
i followed you all back #teamfollowback!!!
Researching #scholarships and job opps for our girls. Did you know that In 2011 Americans owed $1 trillion in student loans?
luck is just a couple points?? 29 is a blowout
Looking for earphones to use when running that won't fall out. Any suggestions?
Dying for a cig at the moment about to go fucking crazy if my mom doesn't stfu
yes, and yes, and yes, and yes. :D
yo what's up?
I havn't either! *books kayak trip to LA*
www.Mulligan3.com is the best site for sites lol love em!
There's no fashionably late in screenwriting. Making deadlines is an absolute necessity.
so that you will possibly be prompted to follow back :)
In washington state you either have rain our pollen on you car... at all times
Hope Tony Iommi turns out OK.
Our development team is working on a number of fun Facebook contests and giveaways, stay tuned....
a lawn? Or hay waiting to be harvested?
It's seriously annoying! Unless I get them through overdrive, I actually PAY for these things. They should be proofed.
Tough loss for Lake Catholic - great season nonetheless / congrats to the Cougars
True friends don't try to control you, they help you to be what God wants you to be no matter what that may be.
Fuck, you're such an anarchist with your tattoo. Why are you here?! Shouldn't you be causing chaos or something?
Publish it. So is your irrefutable position that #Storyline is or is not a power tool? If so, why? If not, what's...
On Wednesday, President Barack H. Obama said that he believes and supports same sex marriages in the U.S.
.. Time for a trip to Chicago..thoughts on a date? #dontyouwishAndrewGoodusedtwitter?
You have an Android phone? Looks like your lucky day then! :)
I'm going to be in Michigan but we could do it next week/weekend
Time for bed. Goodnight twitter. :)
Good fun to see animal themed headsets in children's area at Pinney branch of our local #library system
ACTUAL ALERT: An earthquake happened tonight 524 mi away in NorCal. Also in Fiji.
Follow me, I follow backk(:
Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction ~ John F Kennedy
In LA until next thursday then I fly to Miami get back to Ny on monday so that's sun fun and work my favorite 3 combinations join the club
"Some people strip, some people write."
Just started...she was hired one week prior to the school year starting so very little time to prep. Hoping it will get easier.
RT : “I didn't understand the math, so the teacher summed it up for me.”
If you buy me some redbull I'll love you forever. No, really.
Brian Dozier has higher batting average and more home runs than Bryce Harper.
makes me even more proud to be a part of the Trojan family! That amazing talent made Cato an unforgettable character!
Kristen, I am SO excited! I wish I rushed last year so I could have been with you-hope everything is going well! :)
Tirra Lirrra: Pink Live Forever jackets were just proofed. inserts done. digital downloads prepared.
Aw-my-god. Made everyone's day at the office as well.
I really don't know its out of the no where I can't control it
": Life has no remote... Get up and change it yourself!!"<<<---------Now isn't that the truth!
nah i wouldnt, but ppl talk about how pretty she is and i just do not see it. and she is a horrible human being lol
Any metal band that needs to hang on Justin Beibers coattails for notoriety should just call it quits.
yes, love the food here. Missing you though - that was a fun night :-)
ill post some pics up 4 ya my brutha
This just in: If the Lakers win tonight, will chop his hair off! Go Kobe! (just for tonight)
Yo Russian peeps, Indian people are coming after your "Know how to party" Crown. Serious awesome fun at this wedding.
People like you are the reason why we have middle fingers
I'm stuck in a rut anyone have any song ideas to write about like a topic
I think you'd be good at it
Who has most influenced your perspective of the arts?
Can't wait to see fashion next week on
Seriously, does anyone know the secret to opening an old stubborn can of ink ? I always feel like I'm gonna bleed all over the studio.
I'm going to miss it :( noooooioioi
I hate thunder.. So much.
red hurrr don't cur
thanks for the RT! Happy with Ingram?
Dale.. C'mon man.. Shouldn't of been walking around the farm by yourself at night.. Lol
Don't say "I wish" but, rather, "I will. Daisaku Ikeda--"Change your determination, things move in the direction you wish."
Thank you and happy new year ! rockin reverb artist :-)
so sick of pao.
Grew up on Clark's #NYE broadcasts, last of his kind.
I know I don't have a beard in my profile pic. Trust me. I have one. What I don't have is a painless way to take a new pic
Thank God for grandma!
Weather is great for walks along the river this weekend. Our agents are ready to plan your trip 360.696.0411 Take 30% off. Expires 9.26.10
Everyone is pumped for Backbeat Magazine's Feb Release (AAAhhhh) Party happening @ The Korova Bar, Saturday Feb 6th $5, Basement Show!?!?!
#Whatsbeautiful doing something for someone without expecting anything back
#BEATLA - Giants ready to beat up Dodgers. Get your SF > LA shirt now @ www.WeBeGreater.com. Free ship til 9/3 w/ code BREAKLA at checkout
Now watching "Bloodline"
Insane people are always sure that they are fine. It is only the sane people who are willing to admit that they are crazy.
Music is what feelings sound like.
what are y'all talkin about? Lol daughter?
no problem :D you should check out our music!
:: great piece. my story's set in the now but also 5y prior; I butt up against how communication should look, then v now.
:Watched Criminal Minds! Bates Motel! Dark! Great! Loved it!
Who gonna win the championship? Lakers all day.
Alice just got a unicorn webkin. Named it Acorn. Weird!
I promise we're not all ignorant bigots! I'm ashamed of my state tonight
Hello World!
This show is doin too much
Union people are welfare fucks. So glad everybody understands how welfare works.
Grandma is in the hospital was hanging out with her
uummm...good morning
Lol or they get stuck in the rainforest... FOLLOW THE DANG RIVER YOU NUTS. lol
please follow me if you agree with the couple of Caitlin and Justin <U+2665>
Man...this first quarter has been so dull and boring...
It's Friday! What kind of sexy plans do you have... Romantic dinner, bedroom fun, wild parties, or cooking in lingerie?
Shot a sexy new set with model/muse Liz La Point this weekend!
Colorado Springs has the largest #dickssportinggoods I've ever seen!!!
really? Congrats. Why didn't u tell me yet :) “: me too... cuz thats my Boyfriend... :)”
Happy birthday :)
Happy 2 year anniversary of being back in #ABQ to us! To celebrate, stop by either of our locations and receive a #free doughnut of choice!
Called twice in 24 hours for a leak. Kind of amazing and refreshing how nice and responsive everyone has been.
Haaaha RT : After Monday and Tuesday, even the calender says W T F.
rt on Natoma Street.She said to him,"I loved you, but you didn't love me back. He:"I love everybody."She:"I don't."
just a tad too rad...
Funny. RT Day 3 without a CEO at Bulb HQ. It's getting a little Lord of the Flies in here. needs to hurry back!
Are you going to say goodbye? I really don't want to hear it.
he also sent me a picture of u idk why
lol I hope he will like you soon <U+263A>
I feel like such a douche. Don't mean to but I have been the past 2 days.
Great minds think alike
I know...Wanda? Bahaha nope. Well brainstorm and let me know :)
Clear lesson from Fukushima is crowding reactors makes multiple reactor accidents more likely-more difficult to fight consequences accident
I think it is Hysterical that the Mighty #LAKERS Got Their Asses WHOOPED!
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe. Abraham Lincoln
maybe I spoke/tweeted to soon. It was 62 today...rain on the way though!
cause junk food, pollution and technology didn't exist back then :)
who are you?
E it's happening! Timeline for brands. I'm psyched b/c La Costa has some incredible history. Bring on another SM project!
sleep forever
Meet VW&#39;s secret weapon
sweet! Mention me in it so I can be sure I see it! lol :)
Love how you spelled Lay Mizz.
#daily!! “: #OneQuickQuestion Do you have nail polish ADD? How often do you crave a color change?”
Those that will stay in the country beyond the six month term may face Honduras deportation action
If we strive, if we work, if we try, to the best of ourselves, then we are in the line of our duty.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet ARE YOU SERIOUS?!? WHY WOULDN'T I CHOOSE JOSH, JEN, AND XANDER?!?
though do think the last song on the show "out of sight, out of mind" was trying to gesture.
“: Happiness is a form of courage. #realtalk”
thank you for making me remember I had a twitter acount.
So what do people actually DO on Friday nights?
I can't stop thinking about this #quote: "Enjoy the little things in life. For someday, you will realize that they were the big things."
Woke up early fretting re: today's wedding.Fell back asleep around 8,only to be roused at 8:10 by yet another phone call from bride.
invisaline (sp?) as good as braces?
just reading my book..(: you?
When you realize you got distracted like a whole hour ago.
Have you refollowed us ? This is our old account and we don't use this anymore!
Thank you for the support. Also, thank YOU for your work for our communities.
serve them up !!
truth to the fullest, lost two hommies recently drinking and driving. put the keys down and call the cab
Feel like a retarded Phoenix. Make of that what you will.
"As one person , I cannot change the world, but I can change the world of one person."~Paul Shane Spear
Without "ME" today is just AWESO!!
RT "Helicopters circling uptown #charlotte"?? news cameras, my guess; can see BOA protestors clogging 5th & College
What's the secret to success? up up down down left right left right b a start
I like it, too! May offer interest group/workshop for faculty on organizing info world. Conf-Twitter analogy will help. Thx
Late night drives nc was awesome but driving at 1 in the morning sucks Someone keep me awake !
you and me both
there are projects here, not burning trashcan projects, but they exist.
Why is Rick Perry still in the debates???
music done.Gonna send in music to labels very soon.
I tell my haters, #GSY ... Yeah, I'm a boy & a huge fan of .. Haters don't know what they are missing! #realmusic :)
2014 6'7 Malik Pope picks up seven offers over the weekend in Vegas
After a contentious convo with my significant other who is a Gen Xer about what is the point of #twitter I'm looking at it differently today
Probably another 10-20 pages. I doubt I can Skype. I have to finish the thesis by Tues and I have my phone interview tomorrow!
This weak ass WiFi signal at work :-/
Drop by our Varsity Bar above AP on the drag tonight starting at 6pm for live music from Jansen Hawkins, &
naw who set it up
RT Yes, the talent vortex has swallowed Congrats to both, and good luck to
#warchest that's what I want to hear! I'm putting in 150 in three days!
Dammit make the free throws
“: If ur going to hit pedroiphile fucking hit him in the face Ayala”yes please
yo when u can email me the RED LIGHT joint bro
Many exmpls of Ext effrts in devlping cntries - but how do we also balance with decreasing $ supprt from all sources?
If your boyfriend/fiancee/husband leaves u after a medical problem or a bad accident, he lied about loving you. smh
Did you enjoy the from #City Tavern or are you saving for a patriotic occasion?
not as sexy as duck lips!!!
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
Welcome back heard you did well nice articles about you your the man
thanks man and god willing
im trying to even out a bit- ride the highs and lows with less swing ;) but yes V. Excited :D
right! and the idea of your own personal tactile copy, delivered to your door. so special.
the one and only baby ;) I have so many great pictures
@/blondesouthgaga is sleeping so dont tweet her!! I wonder what she's dreaming about...
lol. it okay four more days to go. ITS THE FINAL COUNTDOWN!!!!! lmao
Good or bad...I just replace my fav songs that I only had on vinyl [Still no turntable] I'll never be as cool as :(
What time is it,where you are?
Got dem Pearls
A woman needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle.
we DO try to focus on others, but frm time to time, looking at our relationship to Christ is so so important
Wow Allen fouled out. Lol hahah
internet is my ~life ~line~
studying for my history exam :( I think this exam is going to kick my ass tomorrow
Read about rescuing a woman from a house fire, then watched 's TedxTeen talk.Tomorrow I'll do something awesome,world.
I never planned on you changing your mind;
hey taylor follow meeh
Sell ur band's music exclusively on vinyl but in some of the packages, instead of a record it's a thin-crust pizza!
Love the #Yankees but they are worst spammers on earth. No way to unsubscribe. #CanSpamAct. Make it stop.
You will just have to wait and hear about it tomorrow
Baby you deserve the best.
We’re excited to be at Wisconsin DECA’s Chapter Officer Workshop for 2011!
Tweetdeck and wsj apps are fighting. There is a war in my phone
Well guys im back with so go like our band page!! facebook.com/forgettinglydia
I want to play Space Invaders on it.
Trust me, you just wouldn't understand.
FANTASTIC website, ! SO excited you followed me so I can follow you, too.
Good morning beautiful people<3 Have a great day!(: SMOOCHES:*
S/o to ! For fucking with tight music ! :)
(Oh goodie, a retweeting of my typo.) Thinking we should draft drivewayless uptowners for shoveling duty in modest suburbs.
Ugh is all I can say. How are you feeling?
anelka is in china....“: Who the hell said Drogba is in China???????”
Can't wait to go to the studio and get my cd recordedd! OHH YEEAH!
What in the hell is the point of buying me a Nook, an e-reader, if you aren't gunna let me get books on it to read? I mean, what the fuck?!
so did anyone actually read brave new world cause that's a negative on my part...
Watching "Final Destination 3" This is one of the reasons why im afraid of rollercoasters
From now on ima be my own bestfriend .
Good morning, gorgeous! How are you, this lovely morning? :D
You'll dig it as I have dug it!
Maguire U still has rooms available, 3 steps to Bourbon ... contact
I miss you.
Rain, rain go away...Don't comeback 'til I'm out of the state on tour.
What is it? I'll look into it!
Thankful for all of the progress AHA has made over the years!
LIFES A FREAKY BITCH, SHE'L EAT U ALIVE!!
Word on the street is that we may get some iPads here specifically for us to bring to conferences!
Stripping is a vestige of the animal mating dance
Believe in your self! That's the best gift you can give to you
Wow. 75mph winds in #ABQ. Dust storm of major proportions.
is saying Happy Founder's Day to all of her Que-Teeful sorors of Chi Zeta Theta Sorority, Inc.!!!
you should come! i think your like amazing! :)))) lol.
*raises hand* I'm someone's wife. RT : doing my part in the war on marriage by sleeping with all of your wives
It's almost 5 o'clock somewhere. For #Mobbies tweeps, that means at least two things.
A black keyboard does not show dirt but is susceptible to smudges
re: FYI. Don't click that link. But it was going to tell me how to make money ;-)
you hacker. If you don't like the twitter.com interface, try #TwitterFox addon for FF.
The day the Lady died: Farewell, Adrienne Rich. Greatest American political poet since Walt Whitman.
and cried with them
REAL NIGGA'S I NO.. GO SHIT GOT A LIL REAL FOR A NIGGA..SHIT SILL ON GO..A,O,G
Dinner & drinks for Marquette's Counselor Dinner..yes please! What a great night! :-)
Your Welcome, Im Pretty Shure Youll Pass, I Promice :)
How many Texts would ya say you send a month? Daily?
Excellent analysis although post primaries, once the fight for the center starts, racial rhetoric should become less overt.
I'm going to dunk on one of them sorry ass staff members
Chasing gold like the Lannister's but with better morality.
please follow me i follow back!!
and I joined a different type of dirty hands club, even less proud of this one
i love you please follow me
ED CIO Danny Harris three word challenge to Software Developers: BUILD IT IN!
Very true. Can you imagine nursing that double mouth?? :D
11pm on a saturday night and I'm getting my butt kicked by a sermon from an 18 year old kid....
don't we all!
Aka get an empty egg carton. RT : favorite line from this month's Martha: "Before you start dying Easter eggs, make a drying rack."
I'm just waiting for a yes.
Chips. Higher fried to pickle ratio.
Somewhere my guy is shedding a tear of joy that the Clippers will move on. And another tear knowing the Spurs are up next.
I allwaaays swallow.How big is ur cock?
'Father 4give me 4 I have sinned' 'what r ur sins child' 'I 4got to scan my endives @ the self checkout' 'don't worry-no1 eats those'
Even better... tune in to see in a tux with tennis shoes. Classic Perk.
good mate! Happy New Year!
Lol n when I text him about it......(big surprise) no response smdh
So happy for Hillary Duff she is going to be a great mother! #MuchLove <U+2665>
“Perhaps it is good to have a beautiful mind, but an even greater gift is to discover a beautiful heart.”
Thanks for the follow, can't wait to check out your boutique!
If the Spurs and thunder play each other it will be a good series though.
Avril Lavigne turns 27 today. Did you know she co-wrote Kelly Clarkson's Breakaway?
Home from a great workout ! Now it's bed timez! Night everyone! God bless!
seelan yur the best i luv yuh it will mean the whole world to if yuh follow me plz big fan make my dream come true
I thought after his statement about not going to the WWE HOF event that he was serious about getting clean and sober but wrong
"One" remix destroying London right now.
2011.09.21 #Cubs 7 #Brewers 1 | Don't worry Crew fans / the team threw this one away / for Miller Park clinch
My prayers are with Nick Collins
I need to go to Aruba. Who will come along?
I know right!? Smh... People these days!!
where have you been killer?
Blasting before 9am. Now I'm awake.
I know I say I don't tweet about us, but thanks for making me smile when I needed it. Love you.
ok thanks :)
My book A Darker Side of Things is available at Industrial Grind Coffeehouse in San Diego!! They have the best mochas here in Cali!!
RT "Great event! Thanks for hosting Can't wait to come back & visit!" (We had a blast last night!)
I know I need to be sleep smh lol
Doc groups up at mics during public comments now to tell MedPAC they are really mad about their permanent "doc fix."
As a result, you've lost you're license to bitch about Randy Wolf.
no idea! Spill was there when I got on. Two blocks later, we were told to exit.
Damn .... That killed me right there fuuuuck .
Thank you for making this amazing program possible!
Size doesn't matter to females they just like thier insides fuck'd up!!
Q: What do foreplay the main event & a happy ending have in common? A: They're all special a la carte dishes available on #ValentinesDay !
No days off
: It can't be as rewarding as the annual City Heights Slide Show.
it sucks :( but thanks! You too :)
now Tomoaki Morikawa (Brown grad student) on melancholic withdrawal in daniel libeskind's architecture
Buckley's, "Buzzin Fly" makes me lighter than air!
Haha, site's a WIP right now. Easiest place to find 'em is just scroll down the Blog section.
Can't wait for tonight!
Thank You Brother
Even tho it kinda creeps me out.
Ketadiablo, thank you so much for mentioning me. I so APPRECIATE it. Bless your kind heart!
We're sure that's next! lol
The plot of "Underworld 3D" could not look worse. Then again it's Kate Beckinsale in a catwoman outfit for two hours.
Great Bridal shower for our lovely cousin Dana today! Our house is most beautiful when its full of ppl!
Good design can't fix broken business models. ~Jeffrey Veen
ha! I'm in
moving there?
our eager and willing crew should be, thanks. Bring your friends.
wow....i hav many pics to change my twitcon too but..im really like the one i am using.lol
Love you so much .... my dream is that i have the opportunitty to meet you Alex
Hey guys, If you're interested in web marketing, Twitter and social media news, follow me on my "channel"
today feels like one of my favorite songs: everything in its right place
we shall be in Poznan again!
So happy I'm staying home watching old ro coms and eating Ben&Jerrys
One week and one hour! Get your Tix! #TickTock RT : We're 1 WEEK away from MD CRAFT BEER FEST!
ah, man . Same here. I just think your rude to me!
love having my days off during the weekdays. less crowds to the places i go to unwind and shop.
Steak tacos. YES!
I seriously can't wait for warped tour. July 31st needs to hurry
Why am I so tired?
Jonah? He has a cool response in the Guardian just out to a negative review..he does a good job, makes me want the book.
Fack!!! Down to one table
Fall 2011. Learncampphx.org. The learning professionals conference for everyone.
Hey Dennis, Your wit and bantor at the Broadmoore in CS really inspired me. Thanks for lighting the fire old man!
twitter is way cool guys i'm really glad this technology exists (this isn't sarcastic i'm being 100% genuine)
Gazamom - we all have sympathy for those who are being harmed. But it is the terrorists who are at fault. Be honest!
BOYCOTT - TAMRON LENSES - they do not honor their warranties. Customer service stinks. You buy a $600 lens and they won't repair it
RT A waste of time is anything that you don't enjoy doing, everything else is suspect.
Something very cool about a serbian fact-check
I just love you and can't wait to see what they are doing with you. More music? <3<3<3<3<3
feel the same way must be a montuesday.
Why aren't criminal charges pressed against #RonArtest for that assault on #JamesHarden?
W/ the glueton free diet w/ & followed by a new juicing regiment w/ I know I'll be healthy again <3
was it cold??
watching the Mobile Marketing presentation at #ASW11 with &
ohok:( well txt me or michelle if u find time.(:
I am
legit bombing my physics test and math final tomorrow... didn't even bring hone my books
I assume this was for me...are you so alone you have to tweet at yourself!?
Appreciate the
I know its not thundering -_-
OMG I totally forgot about that one, here voice, WOW!
GreenRope and snacks make for a fun Thursday! “: Learning more about ”
my dog loves bossing me around. time for his morning walk, where is auntie or auntie cosmo needs you lol......
u are, and u always will be to me
Go CANUCKS Go
Billy Corgan is in the house!
Yall bout the same height. “ Oh how I love ice cold water. You'd think I was a reptile or amphibian in a past life”
Congrats! Hope you love the shirt! RT : Congrats to , this week's winner of the #GGToday/ Trivia.
Keep you posted on who's coming..adding Indycar drivers this yr too!
Pittsburgh Effing Rocks!
I just want say "thank u" for just being U! Y'all always make me smile! <U+E106>
Poop farts, there I tweeted
and I sitting down for some breakfast club talkin about football and the weekend! Legit
Hopefully people listening to this song Im posting lol,,, For yall that is #TadowSlapBow...!
This just sucks. I knew what was gonna happen & I still went for it.
now youre just somebody that i used to know- out of context
HELLO SUMMER
how can an ER be overstaffed lol.
my headphones just broke.. now i have nothing to listen to for the rest of the work day :/
especially when they're UGLY AF ! rightt ? (;
I wanna go to the baseball game tomorrow!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><U+26BE>
RT : Standardized testing being given solely on computers: just another way students of poverty are getting totally screwed.
Be proud: As an immigrant, you have more in common with the Pilgrims than your American born neighbors.
Im in harlem
I was reminded of this fact once by a very fast-driving cab driver in a taxi home from O'Hare...
Van Scyoc is this year's Ben Stelzer. No newspaper representation so no votes.
#10ThingsIFindAttractive guys who DONT do drugs!!! Including pot.. Not attractive at all..
Melting cheese on something makes it taste better. Leftovers turn into gourmet leftovers.
Going to hit up The Spoon with the girls..when I get back, I have to jot down notes for my new short story.
She has pneumonia too. Unbelievably good! I have a feeling Tony is going to win though because of Adam's appeal.
No chance I ever move to China... Twitter is currently banned there.
been there, done that. It ended alright.
I'm well aware, darling. ;)
WOW long day up in 5 hrs for radio interviews, performances and partying with
I think hot firemen needed to be at the event to slide down the pole and pose in the photobooth with women. Next time...;-)
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
Poll: What kind of takeout do you pick up most? What kind do you get delivered most?
If you find a remedy, let me know! I have a few assignments waiting for me to finish this one, and a day that isnt getting longer
Sure! Follow along! :-)
this is BIG ---> RT : BREAKING: Federal officials sue Ariz. sheriff Arpaio over allegations of racial profiling of Latinos. -EF
The Body Rampant's "Sativa"
Looking forward to seeing "OK Buckaroos", the film about Texas music legend Jerry Jeff Walker.
I'm so bad with song lyrics. oh god
Hey there! Valentine's Day spots available this year! On Friday February 10th - sunday February 12th. Let me know if you're interested!
sad :( ive been waiting for so long for july 7th so i can see bvb live for the first time and now this crap... #GetWellAndy <3
#Bowwownation DM me so it will be easy to send the number Oh yeah don't laugh at my picture na lmaoo June 12th Hot Right Na
take that ZTRE(:
We're excited to be working with y'all! #SanAntonio, bring your donations here next time you visit the #riverwalk!
Lol what? Why?
Sure enough we made the EOCT are bitch
We met the matching challenge for #East Africa #famine. Double the help we can send! Thanks to all those who participated!
": i still dm. i still follow. i still reply. i still love u. do u have any questions?" yes. will you marry me?
“: Off work on a Friday night with no way to get booze. Cool.” let me know 2 days in advance and I'll overnight u some ;)
she had left him when he had begun to drink.
Here we go
I need a nap , i take one everyday i swear lol .
Not every guy RT : How come every time I meet a new guy, my ex has already had sex with him? My ex is disgusting.
hey are you going to bring footloose home tomorrow?
Is that salmon swimming in butter???
been there once a time I choose to forget but can't !
Just so you know, Slice is playing you! ;)
"Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on thee: because he trusteth in thee." Isaiah 26:3
Sounds like u have 2 movies to see. :) You will see them in His time and it will be just the right time.
i must say im a pretty angry person
People say that eyes R windows 2 the soul ~ Khaled Hosseini
": ... Ppl who just assume I'm Chinese - im kickin you in the throat ." My bad Lmao
All this talk and no action.. I'll believe it when I see it.
I heard youre talking shit again, im gonna sleep with all your friends.
Heading out to the dock for 's video shoot "Boatload".
I lose like 10 pencils a day
Will it be Ryan Braun's MVP day today??...
": “: american or cheese whiz?” Velveeta!" they don't sell velveeta in philly
It's 4/20. Always makes me giggle. Happy Friday.
It's bridal registry shopping time ooh fun... I better get gifts... Ooh that is so wrong
It would be nice to start planning for it.....am game as i enjoyed in Zambia
I have special needs 5 year old twins. so I never get to stay on twitter as long as I'd like. in fact, gotta run! :)
never doubt me.
just bought tickets to mayhem fest =)
Who wants FREE TICKETS to the UW Badger's Women's basketball game on Sunday at 2 PM? Let me know. Feel free to RT.
I've been listening to #SaySomethin for 2 hours now(: I'm addicted to it<3 I can't wait till it comes out(:
#its2012whyyoustill rockin shirts down to your knee caps? Trynna cover up the ashiness on yo knee caps you need dat jergens LOTION!!
Absolutely! Cheers to a great 2012 vintage!
"Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness."
There aren't any restaurants in Kohler that aren't part of AC, but there are some great places in Sheboygan 10 mins away.
y'all home sick ay?
lmfaooo your 2 crazy I'd do that but not in front of my krib but like a complex lmfao, nd I feels youu! Parents suckk dickk!
to the nail salon today and might go look for another hair color
#ThingsThatINeed More photos of on the beach
How munch do you invest in your music career? Understandig sales will help you understand your market beter. Weekly soundscan.updates helps
Did Des Cartes have it wrong when he said, "I think, therefore I am"? Try this, "I am, therefore I (am able to) think."
haha ya they will
"Sorry I have rehearsal" should be tattooed on my forehead so people don't even have to ask
omfg i love you okay? Hahahha
Just bought myself 2 zac brown band tickets. This summer is about to be a concert frenzy!
About 8 songs into the next CD yeah!, thinking 10-14 tops? Or maybe we should just keep going??
#stuffabus day 2 getting some Timmy Hos and listening to my good friend
I give Joe Nathan's blown save a 2/10 (would not Broxton).
Every time you elbow a guy in the kidney in a crowded room to let him know how short his leash is, you owe me a nickel.
Rondo is prolly the smartest PG in the NBA
A California man died at age 103 after living with a bullet in his head since 1917. The slowest suicide to have ever been recorded
BrightScope Announces List of Top 25 Charlotte Area-Based RIA Firms
Didja catch his tweet re: Wallingford restaurant? Intrigued... We should all 3 go, wot?
ATTN ALL: has arrived
We're #thankfulfor finally stocking up the kitchen with food and having a day filled with ideas - how about you?
wish u were still here. I would've had u do a story on Garth Brooks' mgr renovationg my old plantation.
good work today! could I get some lessons sometime?
gettin plans right for tmrw....because.......i need to take advantage of time away.......
- any special icecream w/ that?
I think you are in your own boat for Tannehill. I respectfully disagree with you on the guy as well
I'm okay, but it was scary. was evacuated from an office building. I'll run out next time.
well you just made the day end on a good note & thats all that matters.(:
North #Minneapolis tornado victims struggle to recover. Six month update on Fox 9 at 9.
castle waiting is great. A twist on fairy tales.
Fear is a disease.. Eventually you have to cure it or you will die from it.
Getting my subversive craft on.
Okay Wanna DM?
per last question, Latinos participate in early education at half the rate of whites and african americans - thoughts?
I have a blackberry, it blows -.-
tweaking out on a large espresso and fiddling with wordpress, ignoring real work
Horrendous. Here we go again. Ugh.
Yeah, living on the NW side sucks. I'm going to have to go downtown, aren't I...
Our fingerprints don't fade from the lives we touch...
I always feel honored when people tell me I'm in their dreams.
Lucky! I skipped SXSW this year - I needed the break. I'm sure it was awesome as always, though.
lol the only team that can beat the thunder right now is the pacers on 2k with the daily progression!
Is there any movie coming out that you want to see?
Balk, not ball RT : First time I've seen a ball called while at a game. Bard not happy.
Unless you're name is Clint Hurdle, Neil Huntington, or Frank Coonelly.
Eat Fresh ;-)
This weather>>>
I don't understand, NC.
Haters have to have something to hate. Peace Be Still.
About to watch Jeff Who Lives at Home with
COME JOIN AT BABES CABARET TONITE !! HIP HOP ALL NIGHT !! WE NEED YOU THERE FOR THE VIDEO PRETTY GIRL !!
Prediction: Niche eBook stores will be huge. One-stop shop doesn't play as well in the digital space, but community plays better
that's so scary!!!!!
Aww I'm so sorry!!
To raise new questions, new problems, to regard old problems from a new angle requires creative imagination and makes real advances.Einstein
sounds like my ex wife. She was always following me and what's mine eventually became her's in the divorce.
Cookout is in 4 hours and the weather could not be more beautiful! Come join us at yards park from 4-10!
Yes! RT Good performers stay w/in lines. Great performers know when to improvise making the boundaries work for them.
Ever since it got warmer outside everything feels so alive.
RT : you are welcome! looking forward to hearing more about your work.
Lol No Lie Greg Ass Ugly.!
#LAJrKings have FOUR teams playing for berths at #USAHockey Nationals on Sunday. Regardless of outcomes, that is a tremendous accomplishment
Thanks for the recommendation just had Sammys Pizza in Duluth.
fork in the alley with my parents. m
glad you enjoyed yourself! Looking forward to seeing everyone Sunday at the handout!
We met so many people preview event on Saturday who were pumped about us coming to Mechanicsville!Thanks for all the support!
Ty Lawson is a freakin' beast. Real talk
sounds like a good day mam
I just want to stop and thank for growing an extra pair of hands in order to live blog at lightning speeds
La Provence is super yummy!
": "...common ancestor with us 600 million yrs. ago...." Just how does one conclude that? That is preposterous. We are not.
Have you any sense as to whether it's a question or usage in this case?
hawaiian punch that bitch!
Just got back from seeing the movie "UP" at El Capitan - the kids loved it (one in his 3d glasses, one in her hot-tub). So did we! :)
how come hipsters ironically dressed in native american accoutrement is considered fashionable?
That being said, Philly needs to go home. This race is between Josh and Jess.
For I know the plans I have for u, declares the lord, plans to prosper you and not to harm u, plans to give u hope and a future. Jer 29:11
thank you!
Well of course. Makes measuring how the disbursement of taxpayer funds is divvied up MORE opaque. #transparency winning
did you climb that ladder yourself?
For me, it all begins with a notebook: it is the well I dip into for that first clear, cool drink. - Rita Dove.
Hopefully it's only open for a proactive upgrade and not failure
I most definitely will! Let me know when your FB is up 'n' running, I'd love to get a peek at your stuff!
and they look damn good.
And yes, that is a 100% legitimate question I need answered
I missed the client list.
It's MAY 1st. Time flies by so fast when you're playing shows every weekend. Happy May Day!
at a great vacation! Wishing an amazing time to my family!
I want Tiny Ball of Light as a ringtone.
Yankees rained out tonight!!
Iphone 4S supports location based alarms e.g remind me to take out the garbage when i get home, or remind me not to miss bus/train stop
U are so late lol!
Need new headshots? Let Stand / Out make yours the best!
In my opinion, it's absolutely imperative that Eagles improve their return games in this draft. That's why I love LaMichael James.
I love Flo.
Many store bought brands can be on the low end of the food chain & have addictive additives.
chocolate fountain wishes and love! Xoxo
BITCH, I DON'T GIVE A FUCK!
I been taking it for two & I can only count to nine RT ": I took spanish for 6 years, i learned NOTHING."
.i think ima play now :]
Thank you to everyone at last night's SEIU meeting for the great reception. Your energy and hard work will pay off in November!
i got a pic of an old white lady mean muggin me...
Marshall: ""I've never been around a receiver, never seen a receiver who runs routes like Devin does outside..."
Tough weekend for you guys. Keep your heads up though!
Tired. Z
It's shocking how when you're in a fight with someone, how many of your "friends" take their side
i was on the phone while driving with my bestfriend planning on what im gonna do to this dude..lmfao.... serious shit
I'm ready to have a great week...I hope you guys feel the same!
Hi beautiful!! I love/miss you!
google it. One of the most gruesome injuries I have seen
Politico: Mitt Romney will give what is billed as a big deficit reduction speech at 2pm in Des Moines, IA
Winners of the 'Smaller is Better' challenge in order: and
hey can u tell to follow me
lol we're like 5 ft away from each other and no hello.
Never underestimate the power of a kind word or deed.
thank you!
over what???
vendor stats are appls & oranges, but they exist
can u follow?
The daily experience of calmness results in ability to perceive one's life with a fresh perspective, increasing creativity and motivation.
(AP) -- Romney wins Virginia Republican presidential primary
Please RT this to any librarians. Do you currently have #e-book readers (i.e. #Kindle, #Nook, etc.) at the library for patron check ?
Want a free cd from "The Beautified Project" for free send us an email at
Houston Texans Select Whitney Mercilus In 26th Overall NFL Draft ...
Vote for your candidate today but if they don't win don't waste energy sniping from the sidelines. All In! We have work to do!
If I had a hot tub time machine, we'd all Moogle, not Google.
It was fantastic! RT : Thanks to with SW Airline for a great presentation.
still coming up
sent and received 9000 texts this month. lol
I have an older Dell Inspiron that's collecting dust. Let me know if it gets that deep. :)
Growing up has to be the hardest thing I've had to learn this year.
WWYD If you saw a monkey hanging on an interstate bridge with a Justin Bieber shirt on, and eating a banana?
It sounds amazing! I really want to visit Africa. I hopefully might one day!
Single homies that like milf type chicks need to get here now! Need your help.
: I missed you last night too!!! You better not miss the tounry Sundayy!!!!
Its not lookin good for my #grizzlies:(
Hey, how are all the wonderful lawlorffs doin? :)
RT Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today!
fantastic job today! Proud to know you & of your commitment to the
Ok I'm tired of waiting. I need to see The Raid right meow
Aging clumsily.
U.S. Leading 1-0 at the half versus Brazil.
Occupy Auckland could have saved time with Auckupy, right?
FASHION# ART# MUSIC
Thanks for the mention. Happy Thursday!
Eyes prettier then colored roses
Has your account been hacked? This seems to take you to a fake Twitter page asking you to log in.
especially when your jealous i get to leave class
I find MARC more straightforward than AACR2. Is that weird?
They say im gettn money , must be illumanati , talkin to the holy ghost in my Bugati
cool, i think we're gonna go shoe shopping so we wont bug you too long. no picture yet, the leaves are about right though.
you been shopping for Black Friday right? Got the new Victorious game for a deal? I am tired too.
#askvinny Are you going to HHI this up coming summer?
John would never let me get that. looks sweet!!
can't wait to see you too!
good luck on your um procedure tomorrow!
If you were teaching a complete noob/technophobe about iPhone, what would your top three points be? RTs welcome
For sure!! RT : next time
damn I'm gonna buy my ticket for today, today lol
Prescription troubles? We are here to help!
So... Can we get some motorcycle parking at the new building? We'll bring you some bikes, with people on them. :-).
Just bought the new album since they sounded so awesome on the !! It's amazing!
Been moping around and slacking off alot less now that my Boss is a Hot Woman..Seems I do alot more sneaking around and jacking off instead!
I WILL not atop till Im the GREATEST
Ha! It could have been one of their mothers.
GREAT Mix..
my crush gives me butterflies
it's a little campy but I like it so far
Having so much fun dropping contacts into circles #google+
omg happened to me today! I'd like to have died!!!!
Oh I wish I could tell you about who is confirmed for the ZOO AMP IN 2012.... oh the fun is on it's way! Stay tuned!
Thanks for your time and effort Jason! You were a big part of what we did here! Good luck with the new site!
to Indy? We flew back Sunday.
non-play (but none the less noteworthy), GP Quote of the day: "...suggestive eyebrow-raising and creepy grinning followed by winking"
have you ever been to Fisk-a-teers site for crafters? It's an example in this presentation... Made me think of you
#hcsm T2: Primary Care docs have most to gain w/ social media. Why? They need to educate patients b4 referrals cc:
is it bad that it's 936 and I'm about ready to go to bed..... #springbreak2012 pssshhhhh
My BCOM class is the worst. So glad its over though.
gonna be a long bus ride home. you sounded awesome
jajaajaja she's gonna take jayden-you shouldve gotten pregnant
Your Nobody Til' Somebody Kills You
Many thanks to 's CTO Ian van Reenen for taking the time to share his #AWS knowledge with our audience today!
I'm very good at the booty part!
I <3 videos im just like laughing my ass off so loud while everyone else is sleeping at my house
Happy Friday to my new followers!
JESSE TYLER FERGUSON I LOVE YOU. That was the most adorable reaction ever.
Best in the world!
I crack up every time I see that Pic.. 5 Days till Chicago
ur kidding me?... Cut that shit out
Exercise and eat healthy... True keys that lead to happiness
Thanks for the Follow! Welcome!
If she ever been a train she don't get a ring real shit
<f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8>America's next top model British invasion<f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00AC><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00A7> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Whoa... Tonight got real fun, real quick. O_o
Also, two sessions at #roots12 today: I wish the VAN would drive itself in Room D at 11:30 and Social Organizing in Room C at 2pm!
Happy first night of Hanukkah to all our Jewish friends!
Ways to get children involved: fresh fruit and veggie drives, clothing drives, talking about homelessness
23 pounds of insistent, Tonkinese love.
is building the next great restaurant & hospitality company. Calling all partners, investors & bankers...
I was Penske material though. Worked there for 2 years.
Why cant i take take care off my playlist!!!!!!!!!!
I'm so tried of bitches talking bout u superbad plz some of y'all super bogus lmao
night 1 of course!
Tony Allen too, Wabash to OKSt to defensive stud now
I like G-Whizz if you have your documents saved as google docs. You can also read your blogs there with google reader.
Favorite jersey tonight is a tie between and w/ the game worn and the John Rocker jerseys
thank you ma'am:)...love you much!
Gonna die. I just finished insurgent. I can't wait for the next. Ughh
Yes, you say "The Aristocrats," NOT "The Aristocats!" cc:
So true RT Dear people who pack things: Packing peanuts are obnoxious & messy. Please stop. XO Jacq
"Do you have pecks nate?" "No they're just boobs!"
The little boy in the movie Hugo looks like !
happy to see you back with cutler breh! cant wait to see you tear it up this next season.
What is wrong with our game?
I know you are!
Audition Tip: Don’t bring any song to an audition not memorized and prepared. They have a tendency to thumb through your book.
ps4 or Xbox 720?? How can video games really get any better??
I think he meant that it's always perfect. We should have 3-way (non-sexual) drinks one night.
It's graduation. I know it.
"...He was beaten so we could be whole.He was whipped so we could be healed." Isaiah 53:5b I'd say that makes for a GREAT Friday!
I like turning on the radio and hearing --Barney
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout N
There are two ways of being creative. One can sing and dance. Or once can create an environment in which singers and dancers...
Omg could my dad snore any louder? O.o
thx bro. Go
Looking forward to seeing ya'll in Dallas!
Thanks for the plug! Glad you enjoyed it!
Just listened to a story on the radio about a shortage of something called "Mar-Mite" in New Zealand. Yeah that just happened
you gonna watch the #STEELERS VS. #JETS GAME? JETS R GOING DOWN!!! #blackandyellow :)
Got et work.!
The Geezer Gallery will be on display at the Schnitzer for all three JOSHUA BELL concerts. Thank you Oregon Symphony and hope to see everyo…
More excited to finally play as Paul Mokeski. RT Who else is excited to play as the Big O?
Great sunset & moon rising spring is around the corner :)
Just being yourself, being who you are, is a successful rebellion. - Author Unknown
Ok this is getting serious. Two big tree limbs down.
those were the cutest tiny sneakers! Yay new job.
I gotta goto work
me hungry and my brian is twisting and turning with thoughts and ideas meep moop
got u
Dear Seattle T-birds, Thank you for beating those Americans......Can you say tied for first???
Say I Do Wedding Expo & Events has jumped on board Diversity Platinum! Plan your event in DC or Philly and get a 15% discount! Welcome!
#InTheSummer I spend every second with my friends (:
eCommerce ---- evolved. Simply it's Commerce, Social, Mobile and Local.
laundry? It's under the bus, it will be washed when we get back to Nashville early in the morning
I'm glad you said that. I'll DM you my full name & home address. REALLY could use the money right now.
Who's got some love for Matt Moore?!
Yikes dude, have a good trip :)
I truly envy you sir. RT My superpower is having a naturally bleached butthole.
Further confirmation of Divine presence....Steelers Won!
Starting a new Twitter account. Need some time to finish setting it up, then I'll begin tweeting away!
Looking forward to todays class. It's time to burn off all of those piña coladas some of you drank over the weekend.
I see niggas hating
aww that's awesome!
when can we expect pinterest + spotify?
says 52% of global info workers say they use 3+ devices for their work.
I'll take the head. I could do i without the ache.
Right, but that's a limited way of looking at it. They didn't HAVE to trade for Greinke. They could have rebuilt.
True, but you can get it washed and detailed pretty cheap.
There is hoops on all day after church!
Jeter sac fly Gardner scores Yankees up 5-3
Sports Fans...SERIOUSLY is nobody out there watching the World Series!! They 'll move it to Vegas!
u mean mall cops?
$9 for parking!!!! Wtf! NO MORE SPENDING PERIOD!!
To-do today: finalize DJ list. What's your favorite song to dance to at weddings?? (Think total dance party!!)
heading to the #JaneAusten festival to talk #Regency #hairstyles! Will have copies of the handout available online if anyone wants a copy
My sister's big dance recital is on sunday& our whole family is going 2 support her. Being the good dancer she is, i know she'll do great.
Ok I know I'm late but he killed that song...DAMN!!!
Mind being blown away at Love Fest right now!!!!!
. ...few things better than taking online connections & making them offline relationships// That's not what my husband said ;-)
Chanel, gucci, or Dior or rosie :) guy; Bentley
I NEED HELP! Do i go to LA to see austin or do i go to believe tour concert?!? HELP!
Warner Music Chooooooots!
did you see the avengers?
I'm Gonna send you a friend request, Love that game
man, vince carter just trolled us all pretty hard
Help me hit 300 likes!
what do you want?
Hell Yeah Fuckin Right!!!
Hi Liam
Scandal is the best new show of the year
When did September become Hotember?
Lebron wins MVP? You can't be "most valuable" when you're playing alongside two superstars...the award should have gone to Tony Parker.
you come on more than I do. I'm the worst co-owner ever /:
Headed to Happy Hour in PB? Get $50 to spend for only $25! www.dailygroupsavings.com
Please excuse my daughter from school yesterday and P.E. forever. She had a very bad asthma attach running in P.E. because the coach made...
Has anyone had good experience w/micro loaning in Kampala Uganda? 1 of our jewelgirls wants 2 start her own hair salon biz.
DEEP in Sibelius now...
Congrats. And to think I knew you in the very beginning!
Very cool seeing Man v. Food Nation in Milwaukee!
heck out our music www.wesofreshrecords.com & follow & RTpls
thats mest up i felt bad for you :/
Ready to go <U+2708>
yeah me too
I'm in sales, so I'm already working on converting him!
yes they are
JT slays SNL again as always, his musical and comedic talents are amazing, gives his all in every sketch. Gaga crazy and good
The pre-game show was wrong about one thing. This game may turn out to be a goalfest after all.
Ambassador Banquet tonight(:
The Jersey Devil Century Ride in Pittsgrove NJ launched this weekend on Active.com
My mommy just bought a new car just got home :))$
God morning!!
Long day but still doing something
i hate smt & i was down the shore
Y'all can come to Htown and we can carpool. Pet some gators along the way.
thanks! Yeah that would probably happen :( you could put two up one for each and make it a rivalry room lol
district of doom stays primarily intact. Loses Pitt and picks up kilgore who moves down.
Reptile's Theme
Thucydides~ We secure our friends not by accepting favors but by doing them.
Our music studio is open, but we haven't thrown any public events yet. Bureaucracy slowing things down... >_<
You keep customers by delivering your promises, fulfilling commitments and continually investing in quality of relationships. Brian Tracy
Fixnta start listening to ZEN & THE ART OF FAKING IT by Jordan Sonnenblick - hope it's as much fun as expected.
even better! sounds delightful. see you there.
Hallowe'en, the traditional night to celebrate magic, is the ideal time for the media to interview one of Canada's worldclass magicians.
I was at The Birchmere too. Great show!
Has someone said the ACL injury was a result of the shortened season?
When schools repeatedly ignore a child's safety and 16 kids threaten his life it calls for action, albeit another way.
With the team at Come see us at stand 4772 to learn more about Wireless Activism tomorrow.
The only things that keep me from being a true master of my craft are my
I always forget to go on twitter :/ but im back :D
Disney’s Newsies! The Musical – Equity Chorus Call / Singers
Kobe has to score 38 tomorrow night to take home the scoring title.
BOTTLE SERVICE $100 ABSOLUTE BOTTLES AND MORE
But when you defend yourself against your abusive husband...there is nothing to discuss...smh
preach it!
I can't argue with that!
Nope I ain't been feeling like it.....
RT : Me actually believing him? HELL NAW
Can I lay you down ? (;
social media should tie in with biz goals. thousands of fans/followers is one thing, but WHAT are they doing to advance brand?
Great show @ the doug fir last night. Archie the Snail would have been proud! Good luck with the rest if the tour.
RT : Who will I see at lean startup machine this weekend?
Sugar causes weight gain & accelerates aging by breaking down collagen, which is key to keeping skin wrinkle free!
Thanks for your note! What a kindness! Hope it's a good read for you.
Gonna rock this day running on Seaco coffee...let's do this.
it just another sports bar not must see food just ok Hockeytown is better
And money never skipped a beat
Finally home to tune in and watch #cuse dominate
he'll draw a 6th at best.
definitely....Well, I'll just be happy the Boyz are back.(:
ooh haha yea I haven't seen their tweets xx
yeah but his shotgun was magical...didnt it shoot way too many times before needing a reload?
“: "Tell me Caesar, do I smell like roses to you?" -Peeta ” LOVE THE MOVIE, JUST LIKE THE BOOK! <3
New catch phrase........Doesn't matter, as long as there's Crown.
Funky Donkey: "I don't wear Crocs, and I don't wear sandals, the pump don't work cuz some vandals took the handles."
“: Chris Breezy winning the grammy for best r&b album #welldeserved” yeee! Excellent entertainer!
Good news HD!! Can't wait for the fight!!
Well done! Perhaps you can teach us a thing or 2 about the master builder. We're open 11:30-3:30 everyday.
This spreadsheet just might be the death of me!!! Was going to print it and put it on the wall...ha!! 84 pages...no thanks!
Where is all the money at?
Our show time for tomorrow is actually 5p... But just get there early nonetheless. It'll be good times. 3011 Barcelona in ABQ's S. Valley.
Looks like I will be doing a lot of work today
haha ya. NYC is 5hrs behind London and LA is only 4hrs behind NYC. So when Europe goes to sleep its afternoon here.
Why do birds wait until you're just about to run them over before they fly out of the way? They stress me out! LOL
So true. RT It's not truly a favor if you later use it against someone as a reason why they should do something for you.
Front Desk Wed: I had to hear from a tourist that blueberries are out!
catfish on the ice already. heh heh.
Just downloaded the whole #Drake album. Kinda in love. Kinda want to date him.
that was the funniest thing ive seen all week
RT Weird...what to do without #BIGGESTLOSER on tuesday night?--Play music
Q: Why did Tigger look in the toilet? A: He was looking for Pooh!
There's a career out there for anyone willing (and able) to read the manual.
do it now! why wait
a woman's heart is a deep ocean of secrets
Way to jinx it.
Whoa, must be Burt Reynolds or something RT No word on who's throwing out first pitch but MLB has scheduled a 5-minute standing O
i know! its crazy. but maybe one day i will get lucky
back to business
#Blazers fall to the #Suns 125-107. Season-high pts. allowed for Portland. Blazers officially eliminated from Playoff contention.
Heh heh. :-D Glass half-empty vs. half-full: What does the Big Society have against completely full glasses?
that's not lazy, that's strategy.
Blasting lil wayne so Morgan will fall asleep. Interesting musical tastes for a 4 month old.
so sad about michael jackson. pretty sure he was acquitted so you can stop with the pedo jokes.
If you are sitting at a bar, working on your Mac laptop and drinking a glass of white wine, just know I AM judging you. Hard.
Way to go Red Sox! You just made the 1995 Angels look clutch.
Can't wait to see!
#TweetsDuring1659 oh shit! its a boat with some lightskinned motherfuckers on it. lemme grab my spear and arrow and rob these niggas
Game Time!!!!
the best part about it is I know she isn't!!
How was it? Good I hope.
Working on the skull in school just tea the word JAW. I instantly t
Post performance blues.....sigh
Happy President's Day! May those of you with your children at home have plenty of relaxing tea!
bored out my fudging mind and the night is too young...need some entertainment and nobody wont even call me...wtf!!!!
John: "Uhh did some one put a pencil in this grape?" (silence) Jack: "Yep... that was me."
lol my dog can't bark and run
you are not working hard enough ;-)
When the addiction went from alcohol to pills, due to court ordered anabuse, we lost her. The alcohol didnt turn her to pill
Please don't cut Tavarres Jackson. RT Matt Flynn's the newest Seahawk... We're fired up to bring him to Seattle!
This #escaperoutes show makes me want to walk out in front of a convoy of Fords
I poured my water bottle out on this girl today. Idgaf she was getting on my damn nerves.
cracks me up... The pregnant Snooki creeps me out. Responsibility at its finest.
I was thinking the same thing! Remember 2 years ago the gas prices were on every channel when they hit $4? How'd this sneak by?!
your Amazing!! :D Please Make My Day And Follow Back!! <U+2665> xoxo
So my gran emailed me waxing poetic about 50 Shades today. Besides your bks, What should I send her for her bday?
I sing so what : )
Can you formalize informal learning?
Coolest things being auctioned JUNE 14 Tuesday Weslo Cadence 450 Foldable Treadmill 94 Emmit Smith Action Figure, Box of Sports Cards
But we all had a good laugh! Yes going to see my favorite orange-head...:)
I recommend with Two Caterers.
So, I'm pretty sure I'm going to one of Demi's concerts this summer :'D
Natalie - "swag send me a friend request!" - "is his last name ie?"
where on your site can I find some examples of successful promotions?
Man the Redskins wanted RG3 bad!!
Hollywood Forever Cemetery Sings. You hold IT in that tune, man. Check us out when you get a chance.
The Hawks have absolutely no homecourt advantage. Double OT and it sounds like a library.
Charen Kingrey wins over Jason Bott in front of huge cheering section! Second Round Tap Out due to RNC at the 2:31 mark.
is so fucking sick!!!!!!!
thanks for the shout out - we are in good company:
Ask not for whom the cat carrier opens ... it opens for thee.
#Chiefs Rookie Camp Romeo said Jeff Allen stepped up and took on leadership this weekend. Also said Wylie needs to work on his cuts.
David Koch Gives Smithsonian A Record $35M For New Dinosaur Hall - CBS Local
what a great time, opening for Faun Fables. Nice full house, I played well (imn-s-ho), had good sound, they were awesome as usual.
RT: 'What are children but tiny stoned people?' O_o
Just finished 2.5mi in 75° (feels like 846°). Can I have a beer now?
Check out the deals from our ad in USA Hockey this month at www.hockeygiant.com/usahockey.html
"The soul never thinks without a picture." Actress Melina Kanakaredes quotes Aristotle at Arts Day.
can i have a shoutout???? :)
hey! :) I haven't seen it but it looks cool, u let me know :)
nothing like taking a shin to the jaw.. Mercy!
Also worth noting which party obstructs entitlement reform and insists Medicare and Social Security can continue 'as is.'
Today has seen some of the most inane interviews on the news ever.
If i see anymore negative mj comments i sear im going to kick some ass. Someones soul and pride is about to get fucked up.
looking forward to reading it! Will it be online?
Nobody to txt... This game should've been over
New contest starts tomorrow!
lol. That's my beach I love everything bout it.. Lol possibly..
DO YOU GUYS HONESTLY THINK YOU'LL LAST THAT LONG? COME ON. THIS IS MIDDLE SCHOOL.
"you're just flipping around that paddle like its last night! tell me what happened last night!"
I do wish I was friends with Rob Dyrdek
Watt hasina continued it #Shockinnnn!!!!!!!! I'm finally rubbin off on ya
I miss u!!! On the way
Power is out for 3140 PGE customers in Hillsboro, stemming from a car accident. Driver had medical issue. Power expected back on by 12:30.
I didn't text you yet RT Tha t text was EVERYTHING!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093> I can't stand her but damn I love her.
I'm about to fall asleep
I hate being home.
It's all fun and games until you drop your phone in the damn tall grass!!!
cheesiest pick up ever. But... Are you?
We have no idea, but we'll stop.
What the eff?!?! Found a stink bug in my pocket!
I freaking love TV Land, its like one of the best channels on tv!
ahaha i know right! so i'm gonna just ask a few random ?'s ok?So,How many btr posters do you own (or are there many 2 count?)
Why the fuck am I up. . ugh
the row 2 , sims pets for ...
sorry dude it's been a rough one and I probably don't help with being blah.
nice! I'm tummy is full!
Prep your Qs beforehand for the #ESHealthChat Friday @ 6 to be sure you get all the information you need to be healthy and happy!
@ Monday nite raw-r truth thinks he's n green bay.LOL
RT : Wake up w/ Sprinkles! 1st 50 people to whisper “rise and shine” @ each Sprinkles receive a #free cinnamon sugar!
I've used airbnb for research trips: had some good experiences!
Olas lozenges, Aleve-D sinus and cold, and flu fighter muffins from ... Take that, cold!
thinking of changing my Twitter handle and more to everythingfrank instead of franktastic4. thoughts?
Macon tomorrow. :)
hahaha! What happened to being honest about your feelings when it came to l'amour? :/
way to #GiveObamaCreditFor... being a birther
Prefer when pedals work the first time, but there is a joy in fixing one that refuses to work.
I'm not going to spend another minute arguing with you. You're not worth my breath or time.
haha i would love to know about jams on the eastcoast--actually do you keep up a blog? shall check out the compound nxt time
On the couch with the boy and the soon to be birthday girl and watching Finding Netherland.
That cool, what are your other bands? :)
Yes! I've been on HD (Home Direct) for ~3 months after doing my 1st challenge, it speeds results and is my favorite bfast now!
Waking up with headaches <<<<<<
I have begun a new internship with Live from the NYPL today!
I'm still fearful, but my mind has been changing as far as using wikipedia in the "how to" evaluate sources.
Unfortunately I don't break hearts but I think imma start.
also, im gonna peep those mashups when I get home #TrillCosby!
Team Vic Matrix is designed with slow release proteins so it will help you to feel fuller for longer.
Big Time Rush Weekend-Lawn Family 4 pks avail $60.00 + s/c. Listen to ur favorite radio station 2 win a Lawn Family 4 pack. Runs 5/11-13.
Chicken little :)
"I don't want the language of TV culture to become the language with which I speak." - Chris Hedges PLNUWS
right here.
Mani/pedi: check. Hair color: check. Fake tan: check. Hot piece of ace: check. Being a girl is tough work!
Last Day at the show:( Come by and visit us in Booth
They say Al Capone had three portraits in his office--of Washington, Lincoln, and me, Your Mayor, Big Bill Thompson. Three great Americans!
I love listening to upcoming rap artists, so I was wondering what kind of music our fans listen to? Give me some artist names!
how old is he?
My pick for the derby: Hansen currently 13-1 starting for the 14 slot.
followed are you sure he can handle all of us Hooligans?
I never thought would be so much fun to watch the whole team is perfect. Best show so far. I haven't laughed so much in a while.
My shoulder my knee and ankle are killing me.
it really stinks cause Britain used to be the best place for companies who could keep brands fresh over generations
People annoy me.
Son most didn't get to go to graduation ceremonies. Not because of grades or trouble...He forgot to get gown sized & paid for. Argh!!!
Why do we always wake up at the crack of dawn?
STALKERS meeting tonight at that secret spot! You know the one!!
Jesus said: He who loves me will be loved by my Father, and I too will love him and show myself to him
I hope the Pacers get this W
Malinowski: US officials should the telling Bahrainis time is short and maintain suspension of arms sales
Hey twitter/FB - how can I sign up for Paul Carrs The New Gambit? I can't find a sign up website anywhere?
Am I the only one who notices that Mr. Peanut is a cannibal? Hm. M.
loved looking around a bar packed with archivists at the tweetup. fantastic time.
#fml our vocal technique class is full of old people x___x -kris&sebs
sippin on my double chocolate chip frap! Thanks Mum Xx
I don't sell enough books to pay for the lawyers, however. And these various problems finally became too much.
And we know that in ALL things God works for the good of those who love, him, who have, been called according to his purpose. Romans 8:28
Ron Paul is speaking now on CNN
that's very cool that you were there and still have that!
lol...i followed u back!! thnx for the follow!!=)
W.whoistrillogy.com check it out! And follow
bring your R8 to Dane county and I will race you for pinks! I hope you will enjoy my honda civic hb as much as I did! Haha
I'm getting tired of the #RHOA! Next!
how is she? Getting better I hope
The most kind hearted people are the most mistreated people.
how are yoou?
My arm is worth $$$
House will vote shortly on #budget reconciliation package that deepens cuts to #children by add'l tens of billions of dollars
I was at the gym when you called and that makes it even more so your fault. Text me tomorrow and we can make plans to hangout
Just slammed a Donatos founders favorite. Now it's back to work.
If my sister trys to wake me up at 6am I'm going to freak the crap out.
The Hulk. He punched a spaceship. In the face. To death. In other words: see The
Is the welcome page deactivated for FB pages now? Not seeing it happening in timeline as it was before?
Sales throughout the whole week!!!! Come see us
ha. texas? south carolina? idk. never been to NC...
Whee, I'm up to 619 followers. Some of them may even be real people...!!
that's really what the Adobe creative suite is all about. Letting you get the hang of it and then changing everything.
Left PT after hitting the brewery. Now in Port Angeles, slowly turning into the Twilight tour.
ahh , i love you <3 hope you are having a nice day !
Wonder whi shooting a video on my block this time
I ment to say everything is looking up right now
#FridayReads The Red Tent and The Monk
tried to say that three times fast and failed
There has been a murder... someone killed my plumeria from Hawaii. Probably won't be going back this year, either. This day sucks.
lol yeah same here then it got interesting and i finished watching it
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
Watching Nicki Minaj : My Time Now (:
Bed is so comfortable I can't seem to get my body out of it.
when are you going to cambodia
caught a piece of ur show on mommy madam. 1 word for you. Millionaire match maker on bravo , what's the difference?
last episode of glee with my idol <3 been a good run, as they say in show business. can't wait to see what she moves on to!
3 DAYS LEFT UNTIL DRAKE!:D
After all of this, I believe Coach Paterno died of a broken heart....
It's going to get rainy & snowy tonight so stay in & try our Country Fried Chicken dinner special at the Avenue. Maybe our staff will cluck.
RT : TONIGHT spinning music from 1980-1989 at rap, rock, new wave, dance, freestyle, electro etc
I dunno my costumes are pretty interesting RT : Be me for Halloween. People will find you more interesting.
Can't handle the stress of #NextIronChef - want them all to win!!
Everytime i hear about a chick named Felicia i think about the movie Friday. "Craig. . . ?""Bye Felicia" "Man yall STINGY!" Lmao
oh god not even! Only you and Jazmin will be sexy, ill be looking like a derp.
better stay in the front of the bus.
At offices for #occupythenews event. Journalists talking about covering
Big thanks to Steve West for filling in for me tonight on fingers crossed I'll be back on tomorrow. Hugs!
I just feel like I wanna eat ice cream & die.
Thank you! :-) You are awesome as well!
wye oak
The way I see it, if U want the rainbow, U gotta put up with the rain. ~ Dolly Parton
Haha thanks! Props to and for helping me reach my full snark potential on that one.
Yikes. What are you planning to give back to your mom's hoo-ha? RT remember where u came from.
It was nice to meet you at the BSA event. Thanks for the follow.
Pentiums melt in your PC, not in your hand.
Don' stop believin! Hold on to that feelin yeah!! Street light people oh!!!
no top when it's hot, chinchilla when it's cold, the kushy kushy highs and the old school lows
Researching historical docs at the HQ Building in NYC!
Awesome, thanks! (I got grief from a CD just yesterday!)
3:45 wake up call.. Gonna be a big bag of shit tomorrow.
Hit me up Unc i gotta ask u sumn
"We do seek to remove unnecessary obstacles to individual opportunity." - Rep. Duran, giving opening remarks at SB15 hearing
The best moments i have are with!! <3
I been so stressed lately I been thinking of wild Shyt man wake up most day just miss my sister so much and cry
The stupidity at my school is unbelievable.
Best fastbreak of the year for Cards.
A very good evening to new followers Have a lovely weekend.
Loving your site so far! Just sent you a message on there.
our last name is a dynasty keep on downin us u gone get fucked up period!
Sounds like the makings of a great outfit to me! What did you order?
my bad i fell asleep on u last night
These animal crackers are bullshit, This elephant tastes exactly like the giraffe did.
No news is good news.
What does philanthropy want to be when it grows up? Asks
Love taking my iPad loaded with board to my stylist for inspiration instead of old school mag clippings
The Marketing Blog: Windows media player 12 vista version 11.0 ...
Tonight we train local dentist on recognizing, reporting, & preventing child maltreatment! Why not mention prevention @ your next check-up?
Found out that U cant run clothes dryer & hairdryer @ same time. Made emerg trip to hardware store 4 new 15AMP fuses.
Today's BTU inspiration: "Listen to what you know instead of what you fear." ~Richard Bach
we know why some drink the charter koolaid. Don't be puzzled; address the fallacies and change the frame.
Game of Thrones!!!
thanks for the love jennifer!
Let the church say "Amen" . Thank you for all your music Whitney, we love you goodbye!!!
Titus Maccius Plautus~ Not by age but by capacity is wisdom acquired.
You can't live a perfect day without doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you. -John Wooden
Thank you and for making event scheming a breeze. (cc: )
Happy Bill of Rights Day! check out for updates throughout winter break. Happy Holidays!
bad poker face
Wake up to Bullshit.. never fails.
yeah you lightweight. Or the triple of vodka in your pink grapefruit squash..
Mars? By Ben Bova?
do u think belichick will win another SB without audio/video taping their opponents practices? ;-) #fined$500,000
Doing very well. About to head out of work early today!! Hoorayy.... :o) How are you doing?
1967- Van Nuys premier #head shop Captain Ed’s Heads & Highs first opened for business
Transfer to the Library Foundation office.
You don't have to swim faster than the shark, just faster than the person next to you.
what'd you do so far?
Hahahaha! Not this alcoholic!!!!
When someone gives me a neck massage #YeahILoveThat <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I can't wait till you come over (: let's hope we aren't caught.
i <3 commercials that make me laugh out loud
NEWAUKEE SOCIAL EVENT STARTING AT 6 PM, $5 Red & White Wines, $3 Taps Bud Light Miller Light & Point, $5 Apps all night & $4 Skyy Bombs
#IfSheCant handle her liquor - ima treat her like just another flipper
": I will be the best friend she ever had..."))I'm sure you will be:)
I am really surprised that my local uni's library won't let me have access to journals even though I'm faculty at another college. (1/2)
Why Do People Assume When You're A Teen & Pregnant, You Automatically Drop Out Of School etc? ..
the first part, haha.
Happy Monday everybody! Big news to come in the next few days! We will keep you all posted...
According to Kinsey, 75% of men ejaculate within 3 minutes of penetration.
What you said last night made me smile... And tonight u just ruined it
Becoming God's Super Women. Romans 12:1,2
“: Oh, your ears are "gauged." What tribe do you belong to?”
new pictures up
the only boy who could ever teach me was the son of preacher man.
Boston with me in late July? Liverpool plays at Fenway
streamed the entire mayweather fight with my cell phone! and hdmi cord put it on the tv... wow 2012 here we are
Not sure, (following via web) but I think the God's grace petition was 20544
Mine was by far the most interesting.
I Think You Should Do A Cover Of Crush By David Archuleta I Love That Song And I Love You So Put The Both Together...<3 Jus Sayin
what? Na forget it.
Monday night class: Writing Through the Image. Trying to increase my ability to do research on and utilize critical media literacy.
Shout out to the guy wearin sunglasses, his chain, 2 bracelets and his watch in the gym on Eastern. You sir, are the epitome of douche
whareves its a black thing
fuck it, blow that last check on weed
's skinned trilogy is amazing. also juliana baggott _pure_ (just finished, loved. tx again for rec!)
Sad the reds lost but they made it a good game in the end.
Andrya told me she was goin ask Alfred for his # :)
yea good vibes
ahahahahaha Sophie that's you!
We must teach our kids to sharpen their talents and develop new skills daily. Their prosperity depends on it. NspiredBy Proverbs 28: 19
Office closes at 3pm for the holiday weekend
Yes I can.
SNOW - Christine Kelley Karel and Charles Karel are scheduled to shoot their scenes this coming week. It's their second project with us.
Man these refs are sensitive today
I'd rather listen to rebecca black ,than listen to your excuses.
The excitement begins
Me and my bf got 200 on this series! Come on OKC make me 200 dollars richer!!!
I'm illy - TI is some hype ass music. Hear it and you're guaranteed to fight someone.
workk is not going to be fun today. at all.
#2 what we expect them to do with it.If we expect all of my mom's students to patronize certain organizations, it's probably a waste of time
We are back up, thanks everyone for your patience!
Gemologist for the 1st jewel of the Triple Crown. Daddy Nose Best by a nose. El Padrino on Cinco de Mayo.
Account hacked today if you receive a message from me "Hey, so some real nasty things are being said about you here" Please Don't Open Sorry
Who wants free tickets to the show tonight? Well get ready! The 1st person to RT the next message gets a pair to tonight's show!
RIGHT. I'm sorry but I'm so sick of it because other ICONiacz have absolutely no respect whatsoever.
Wow!!! Dallas coming close...
bummer. What about Sarah?
But they have no money right?
Listening to Madonna's "Girl Gone Wild" that begins with a modified Act of Contrition. That's basically like Morning Prayer, right?
Jennifer's picks are in 97th percentile on espn. May be soon to change
Power's out at Lakeside Villas apartments on the Northeast side. Ice covered power lines, perhaps?
Floor-Licking Related Poisoning or Transient Global Amnesia? Which would you prefer?
Santa Margarita leads Bellarmine 3-1 after two periods. Three of game's four goals have been PPGs
Thanks for following! Here's to flourishing in life after 50!
whatever it was, I apparently didnt find it as funny. We always had fun, I still remember that night. I miss those times
RT Olympics: Israel asks IOC to open with minute's silence to honour athletes killed at 1972 Olympics
As much as I can't stand him, did I really just pick up Inge for my fantasy team????
You have a landline?!
you guys should definitely do it! Lol it could get more hits than jbiebs <U+E00E><U+E00E>
I mean, I have 1,000s of docs right now. I could keep lugging around my computer to read them.
& DrMRFrancis thanks for tweeting meetings this week Informative & enjoyable.
If you're gonna act like people are there to ruin your day rather than take food orders, just quit your job & go home. #ohare Reggio's C22
many thanks 4 getting in touch with me! ur Child Abuse Anti Bullying System (CAABS) looks to be an amazing tool 4 children!
QoTD: "Take the world as it is, not as it ought to be." (German Proverb)
You can't help everyone. But everyone can help someone.
Reconciling financial transactions monthly seems old fashioned.
lol, he's saying he was bored and it was a parody
I am looking forward to throwing today. Brought the glove and we'll see what I am made of.
when I met u, #duh?!
News on every #MLB team in 1 place-www.ussportspages.com
Miss you, love! <3
Well you're smart and funny. Two high-ranking qualities. Besides we have an evil alliance. Gotta #ff that: p
Brrr...On a day like this, how do you dress up your child to keep him or her warm?
good luck today! So glad you have such gorgeous weather!
I will never say NEVER!
I miss the sights and sounds of the ocean.
NEW MIXTAPE COMIN OUT NEXT WEEK FOR DA STREETS....
We really appreciate the many businesses, venues, and artists we get to work with everyday!
Congrats! I've got 2 more years until I get mine! Counting down the days :)
's To Know the Library Is To Love the Library--But Who Knows the Library? Contrast btwn users & non-users ()
sure ok
Alomar got 5 games for spitting in an umpires face and then saying the ump had an ax to grind because his son died. Brett Lawries? Not close
“: He was never held accountable for his terrible play by the coaches. At all.” it's Sunday today btw....
yeah but tomorrow--- CARRIEEEEE! If we don't get bloody I want a partial refund!
I can't wait for tomorrow ! Mahomies know why :)
Pls explain 2 me why 2011 SBIR dept of ed awards are delayed for over a month?
I.am.finished.with.exams.!!!! Moving to 6th grade!!!! Yes what a way to start a great summer!! After 2yrs of no school & I'm in my level(:
have the best time! I'm so jealous! I'm sure it will be amazing!
you can get 60k in build out subsidized if you open on h street
BAGGY LOW PANTS ALL THE WAY
Coach Brett Bielema was also interviewed in this latest document. He says he had no reason to suspect any problems with Chadima.
#Authors, have you been to lately? I have a few groups there, but revisited & they're helping with #agent searches.
Glad the storms have passed (for now) for folks flying into #ACPA12 here in Louisville. Be sure to bring your waders though folks!
I could murder a calf for some pollo tropical curry mustard sauce right now
Lookiin forward to Everyday learning something new about you
Advertising is the rattling of a stick inside a swill bucket. ~George Orwell
Story time at Maple St. Books with Miss Maureen this morning, 10:00 am @ Healing Center & 11:30 am Uptown. /via
No your just the only one that would write back -.-
Fuck yeah! Got the night off work! Now back to looking up hot girly bondage pics on the internet!
jordin has a saggy vagina
I'm here, I got you if you don't make it
Sex is the number 1 topic searched on the internet. No surprise there.
Agree, but generalizations are what makes research & epistemology possible. Interesting to spot trends for strategic purposes.
I wish could sing and stop sounding like killing cats
yuckie predatory personalities look for places they can find people who are vulnerable, blame them, not their faith.
That'd be an interesting research study RT : When will call centers learn that terrible hold music just makes people angry?
#kids Family Friendly Block Party at KNOX on May 12, 2012 at Knox Dallas, Sat, May 12 1:00p: Knox District will host KnoxFest, a family...
SexTip: Practice bringing your partners desire up and then moving away from the area targeted, tease her until she can take no more.
Can you still see straight? Come down this evening at 7:30PM to see The Delaneys and Dirty $anchez at the Hard Rock Cafe!
First snowfall in #Oberstaufen!
I just... the model isn't working so I broke out of it to innovate on my own and now I have to go through red tape to attend ntl conference
RT : Joy comes from using your potential. -Will Schultz
are you still sore from a workout that happened a week ago?
Great things gone happen this year!
i don't see anything now so just say what you wanna say. its kinda funny how I'm not listening anywaaayyyyyy
Your dumb and idk
Forever shouting that nigga this ain't for bitch.stfu and suck my flock hoe 9!!!!
ya maybe a studio or building on First Friday? Went last weekend and it was packed!
We hung out last night with Margo Martindale @ the ReRun Theatre in Brooklyn...
Looking forward to week #3 of swimming lessons with my 2 year old tonight! sing it with me Y M C A !
But their votes do come from the lower income classes and the very high incomes.
celly you know that i miss you i just wanna get wit u but i can right now so kiss me thru tha phone
Madonna's new single features your girl Nicki Minaj
you have to love Tayla fans. JOHN MAYER WROTE ALL ABOUT HER! Lmfao just kidding I haven't even listened to his new songs
ODOT cam...Crash I-5 SB at Nyberg Rd. has been moved to the right shoulder...
Thanks fam! I hope you're doing well. Keep spreading the love
I am watching the bodyguard right now and it is so sad Whitney Houston was such a great person she just couldn't control he addiction
Currently reading: The Fashion Designer Survival Guide. Both enlightening and terrifying!!! Pick it up young designers!
NOTE!!! The #CU v. #CSU game takes place this SUNDAY & NOT SATURDAY!!! Some tix were printed before schools changed schedules!
you're going to live them!!
I'm hunting wabbits!
Damn mall look like zombie land
"Before hiring Delmark, I had asked two other companies to give me quotes. I would recommend Delmark to anyone looking for electricians"
hey megan you're lovely and fantastic
“: I'm in that two seat lambo with yo girl she tryna jerk me” Lamborghini mercy
Very exciting. Sad to miss the meeting.
I wanna be on the "its mine I spend it " movement
haha, jaysus, sure id tip over!! lol, i like my itty bittys, more than a mouthfuls a waste eh??? ill keep tellin myself that!
Give someone a hug today!
CHECK YOUR DM!
If you like Scentsy or if you want your whole house to smell wonderful, tweet me and I'll hook you up.
Please help us by facebook liking our site :p
Hoping 108 legislators will again participate in #GAPreKWeek this year and that other will join (Oct 1-5)!
you were in Philly...of course! I'll be up that way NEXT week!
TOWNIES FOREVER
new admin ..
going to get a treadmill. so now I have no excuse not to workout. right?
I am going to a meeting at Rutgers in New Brunswick later today
Just rode horses for the music video! We've never done that before!! Woah! So cool!
His heart was in the right place. He's an old friend and I could laugh at that and tell him why. He wasn't offended.
Extremely traumatic, those autoflush toilets. It'll take 50 years or so of therapy to undo the damage.
Brilliant: In CA, cold war did not influence CRM as in other regions. Widening a narrative complicates our understanding
I love the childhood rationale that our blanket not only keeps us warm but serves as a magic forcefield to fend off monsters.
Cleverly Disguised As A Responsible Adult.
dont tell me somebody tryed too do dat too u
Wow, I've been out of the loop. Congrats!
#CanSomeoneTellMeWhy there are 3million women and girls worldwide enslved in the sex trade
Lanie, thanks for the follow! Can I send you a play? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, published at Indie Theater Now
I love being a DJ cause i could wear whatever to the club
We apologize for that...a lot of really excited volunteers on the phone over here...^jh
“: I don't think I need Klout to have clout.” // so much useless nothing out there nowadays.
that makes sense
wow not just in the restaurant but on the sink too -_- really squirts''
Crazy ish going down at 46th & Fremont: at least 4 cop cars, two cuffed guys, one violently yanked from cop car onto asphalt as I passed
Lawrence Mulligan of azotel says grew ireland isp bc there was no wireless broadband.
Today is National Puppy Day... Hit LIKE if you are excited about it :) #Happy National Puppy Day!
Too many chances here for NY
Indeed, although you can just cake off song writing...
Don't even think about holding my hand!
Follow For updates on Miami Food Truck locations.
Have you had half your Gchat list get blocked when you signup for G+? Bug is keeping me from joining friends on there!
Fighting Illini are Fighting Irrelevancy. Groce hire is new low in Illini athletics.
Free cone day at Ben & Jerry's! That includes the ice cream right? #LactoseIntolerant!
so true!! Umm let's not talk about that...
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 19
aww sweet ... you are my
i am there as styledelights
I'm not sure how I feel about this Charles Barkley Weight Watchers ad where he's dressed as a woman...
Glad to help! RT People are already finding their coupons for Need-A-Nerd? Computer Service! Thank you Valpak!
Don't take this shit serious...
Welcome #COM2016! MT : Last Open House ever with the :( don't make me graduate! (@ Tsai Center)
dont give up. I got him to follow when I spent like an entire weekend with my phone and sending him hundreds of tweets.
you are one amazing singer!! i vote fore you every week!! keep it goin you inspire me! RT please? :)
What makes Kickstarter unique is after you pledge, your credit card will be charged after we reach our target goal of $5,000.
Happy #Friday! RT if you have a #Fun weekend planned!
I like u in da movie too u where about to set it off lol
I think I 'undersold' my research skills with the verbiage i chose (1st round of business cards)
At the end of this #SuperTuesday I am content with my vote and am committed to voting for the #republican nominee in November.
I often feel like tweeting is akin to shouting from the rooftops. Maybe that's why the click of the Tweet button feels cathartic.
Thanks for the RT!
Yahoo&#39;s brilliant solution
I DID!! KEEP refreshing! it says i follow you!
I do 'love you' Chris, you rule!!!!
... can't agree any more hahs!!
i know you guys probably secretly hate me... Im really sorry. I was being really stupid.
done with work, done with the gym, it's Friday let the sin begin. I'll be there for you in the morning
I suppose if the characters hadn't stood and born the consequences, Mr. S. wouldn't have had himself much of a tragedy
Agreed the #LAWind is roaring tonight, not feeling so great about my windows holding up, they're rattling like crazy!
Hey if you guys get us 100 followers by the end of Friday we will give each of you a shout out
uh ohh okayy!! That's what I'm tlkn bout , is that the first all year ?
are you having a class next sunday ?
"I know I'm fat and I know my hair is straight, but I can sing." Kate Smith, born on this day in 1907.
We are at the bar in the back
Taking something for this headache.
Will do. Thanks for the help!
Like, do they go on existing on this plane now that I no longer validate their existence. Here's looking at you kid.
Student of mine at Berkeley in 1992, I knew she would do very well!
28 ain't enough, you need more.
Philip's BBQ on Degnan in Leimert Park. RT : #SouthLA: Where are your favorite places to eat in the area?
It's rare person who doesn't get discouraged in the face of adversity. The answer to overcoming adversity lies in one word: PERSEVERANCE!
Starting "The Lean Startup" by
we're starting the second movie.. we have been in the back of the truck for hours now, thought this might be creepy but it's actually fun
well thank you ma'am!
MTU mobile site is collaborative project with computer design classes.
Caught your article in Visiting Denver for a conf. Are you in DEN area & if yes can I buy you a coffee, talk shop?
kid is a Quincy rat.
RT : the drinks are perfect
Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly. -Langston Hughes
Luv it when folk get up with nothin but the WILL TO CREATE! Peace!
Trying to fuck
Lighting has a significant impact on both the aethestic and functional elements of your living space
Very Nice... Thank you.
Thanks for the mention!
The #designdistrict is on fire! Well, not literally. But you really need to get down here.
Finally, I'll think of something other than Lolita when Philip Humber is mentioned!
Need to stop watching the #oscars and fix the android app. Please update the app.
Goodnight, Twitter. Off to study. Wish me luck on finals tomorrow xx
There's a woman at Subway who is filling up her drink containers with soda for free
you never know lol
“: just make sure you guys play Underneath :) it would make my 5hr journey to the show like 628498x better!” // we are!!
thanks for the follow I followed back
Now wtf was I about to say... lol
Who are you sending your songs to?
In yourself there are limitations but in God all restrictive opposition is broken. Nothing is impossible!
Weds at 7:30 "Using the hell out of Vim" presented by Bring a laptop and get started using Vim.
#top10Lies Its not you, its me.
Fact of the day: Poison ivy is not ivy and poison oak is not an oak. They are both part of the cashew family
yes, we're working on a new project that could be pretty cool. we'll know if it's going to really take off next month.
#ifitwasuptome I would have magical powers!
is looking for new producers to be in house producer of interested contact 601-906-9185 or sodamnprettyent
still looking for gilligan and the skipper too
Hello tweeps...#Goodafternoon! Looking forward to a #Dodgers win today!
"Shitbums", though not a word "officially", is now my favorite word. Well said!
only eight more hours!!!
Pride is coming back next year!!! Now, I have to make the hardest decision of my entire life...
Factual account of Obama 2008 promises on Hannity is excellent because it is truth about facts. Drip drip drip hatred for POTUS is pointless
Evryone follow me
“: ...What you think of me is none of my business...<<<<<love it! My bro taught me to say that!;-)
going to central park in NY today!
Happy Friday!!! What are you doing this weekend?
#random are you helping this weekend with the 'senior send off'?
It's always a good Monday morning in San Diego when the Chargers have won the game the day before! Yay!
June 25th! June Birthday Bash at Mastrellas in Sea Breeze! Come out for some awesome classic rock and our Fleetwood Mac Tribute!!
SEND ME SUM OV UR MUSIC TO,MY EMAIL
Still smoking hot in LA!
Why no one is challenging the Ferreted One is beyond me...
Governor Dayton says bonding bill is about putting Minnesotans to work. Most in private sector
I saw the scariest zombie tonight... not kidding.
He doesn't want out, get your facts straight. He said he doesn't like moving to 3rd, but he's going to do it anyway.
Appscan is not happy with any of us.
Our winner of the Iron Works BBQ gift certificate is Vickie McQueen of Lampasas ISD. Come to booth 1814 for your prize!
Money doesn't buy happiness, but it does buy a larger range of choices.
“: "We're really just best friends. And we like to travel." #lifeat50” it's the truth!!
screw you saw! Unsub'd and unfollowed
I haven't seen Avengers. But my friend said she loved it. I've been cooped up in my studio trying to finish my paintings :(
One hour til' the trek to the fashionable east side begins
Can't wait for LIVE shows to start next week!
i doubt i can go on friday, but will let you guys know if that changes
Trying to get battlefield 3 installed is a nightmare.
"10-inches is the minimum screen size to create great tablet apps." -Steve Jobs
This week on the DDC, we are dealing with time, its Lyndsay's choice,
Tough tonight as we face our growing pains and we will grow our sound system for next week. Thanks for being cool all. You guys ROCK!
#ItsCrazyHow i'd never thought my life would turnout like this, the opposite of what it was a year ago.
Thanks to all of our new followers
My mom talking to the window replacement guys in our house about our trip over spring break
Probably really late on this but, whoa new !
Official Led Zep tribute band news .... Summerfest show booked ! 100 degree days and rock shows. YES.
Had to get some new workout gloves yesterday cuz the ones I had...I just weren't feeling them anymore. i just needed something basic.
can you wish me a happy birthday??!!!!! I would faint!! <3 I would mean a lot.
Damon had better defensive days? He could cover ground, but that's about it.
Boy, do I know that feeling. *uncomfortable*
out of school early! its the weekend :D
Looking for a writer with proposal writing experience. 2-3 M proj in the NW Chi Suburbs. interested? contact via Twitter or LI
Bitches who call you over to blow her back out, but flip the script soon as the blunt is gone is down bad advertisin pussy for bud,
I would love it if u follow me for my b day today
HEAD SCRATCHER! America is barely 300 years old. Strong African dynasties lasted for thousands of years. Y don't we and our youth know that?
Ahh the thrill of a secret.
T: "Let's have an orgy!" M: "Who is invited?" T: "You, me, and our SOULS"
Just vaccumed an cleaned out 2 cars. Fulfillment
Fun glass etching class tonight! Always so nice to see what people design. :)
well get ready for college. essay galore
I'm constantly warning people of this city to be patient and have fortitude. Even though we are bombed, we must be able to take it. [1942]
Oh ew. I need a manicure
John Travolta would be so jealous if he knew my masseur massages me with his penis
yea bout that pimping ain't easy lol
Do you get joy from my misery I'd like to think
"Friday night and I don’t have a clue - Just in the crowd...We’re dreaming as we move." ::the clientele::i wonder who we are::
I'm going to sleep soon because I'm old but I wanted to wish you a happy birthday! Happy 21st, have so much fun!!! I love you! <3
I sensed that about you! They are lucky we both aren't there!
thanks for following us Shyla!
Blues at the Bluseum rescheduled for June 26th due to air conditions from AZ wildfire. Come out, it's going to be smokin' hot!
Shoutout to North Florida -- -- hold it down in Tally -- check out us your way at blacknorthflorida.com
Sleeping in? Overrated.
I'm looking forward to seeing the kids' spine poetry
did you come to our cabaret?
Being a teen nevr felt so good
hey! that's good.. I think. haha, I miss you too. I'm good though. wbu, what's new?
Physically based: go to stacks, look in databases. Not suggesting interactions with libns.
what u mean? or did u mean whats up?
Why are we waiting in line to see this movie.
If people insist on acting like an idiot, I must insist on treating them like one.
your welcome! I hope you get REALLY active. I can link you in to those people if you'd like!!!
Telling someone how you feel is honestly the hardest s**t ever
Welcome to my world. Same goes for milk cartons on an all-too-often regular basis.
to sleepy -,-
Book events - Arizona Daily Star Book events Arizona Daily Star Hanukkah Storytime - Barnes & Noble, 5130 E. Broadway. Chabad of Tucson c
Laker show baby;)
The pace of technological change is changing the pace of our lives, especially in the biz world - Anthony J. Bosco Jr.
Only You Can Be You....anybody else would be a cheap imitation.
the last time the nba had a shortened season went to the finals
is awesome. Just saying.
Oh that would just be brutal irony.
There are tons of ugly kids at my friends apts. And they r like at the poor peoples apartments near ASU
Don't redefine charity. Improve our methods of charitable giving and involvement.
Happy Holidays from ACM and all the members of the Palomar Ensemble!
do NOT be sorry for a loss where you gave 100%. Well-played game and entire season. Thank YOU, for a great season.
10am-4pm ... Elk Grove High School Craft Show. Be there or be ... not there.
So what's your opinion? Who is going to make the final four on #TheVoice?
Warm endorphin afterglow from YMCA swim. Happy to share sauna with two twinks holding hands instead of the old creeper pumping away lasttime
:) btw, you're gorgeous
Ready to go home
Watching a colleague switch between an iPad, laptop, and bberry.
The amount of data created this year will equal the amount of data ever created in the history of man. - from the "Agnostic, Maybe" blog
come on guys lets get more followers than this pickle!!! come on our fans kick ass, spread the word and follow us
What's The Link? Let's Push This
it was at 5:15pm CST today. Our team found that you went offline for a few minutes onto your backup server. No biggie, only 10min
Get the passionate users as they will reach the others for you
I'm completely obsessed with Lee Seung Gi
Vice was driven by print, now driven by online video. Expensive but necessary. Developed partnerships w/brands that go beyond CPM
in some conversations it feels good to say NO. i enjoy being
A 1 minute kiss burns 26 calories?! If that's true i need to start working out more
I mean, also, it's to infuriate those of us who rightfully prefer red peppers but that's a less helpful answer
how iz it weird¿
MT : If only Google had some way of disseminating info to a mass userbase when its web apps (looking at ) go down.
We cannot always build the future for our youth, but we can build our youth for the future. Franklin Delano Roosevelt
Well hello!
How'd I miss this photo!? Looks like a nice day 4 the beach. Thanks 4 sharing a glimpse into the 's shoot day with
RT Follow this great twitters
HAPPY NEDA WEEK DARLINGS! LOVE YOUR BODY BECAUSE IT'S THE ONLY ONE YOU WILL EVER HAVE! LETS REPRESENT!
I seriously miss my baby mamas and Don't make me come find y'all asses!
good month - deer season, spend it in da woods!
I'm here too just woke up to one staring at my face
I'm giving up... Nothing for lent.
#oomf caught my attention ... In a good way lol
I have not. But I do need legal help. My family will not help me.
Glutena's #GF oatmeal actually tastes like oatmeal!
#always <3 besides the fact that my looks are dashing, I can make killer cookies& I'm funny, you found yourself a catch (;
Nice to be connected on twitter.Have a wonderful day. ;-)
RT : I have run R&R for 3 years & in that time 2 state runners-up, 1 state semi, 3 district titles & 2 regional titles.
hey did you grad yet???
Let me be my own kind of beautiful..
Everyone go follow right now who ever does rt this and I will follow you back
Hola! needs runners/bloggers help w/LA Race 4 Cure in Sept! cc
:) glad to have you as a follower as well!
Registration sign-in begins at 7:30 am (7 am 4 exhibitors) tmrw for #sdp2p. Exhibit hall opens at 9 am!
Exactly y I could never b wit him I hate a nigga who talk more than a bitch!!! A man need to say as lil as possible wen talkin to a woman
Honestly wouldn't surprise me after he came up big last game but better to stick with the hot hand.
Not sure whether to be excited or concerned by the Hegelian undertones of my wedding vows.
I don't like how says 'Pakistan' and 'Taliban.'
We almost made it!!
I see it coming from a mile away.
well he's certain a handsome old man. and he certainly is music boner worthy.
Shopping today(:
Looks like a Mogwai.
Off to the airport to pick up daddy! ^.^
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile Kiss Her On Her Forehead.
I am not single, I’m romantically challenged.
Hyped about moving out !
Wow I thank alot of you for sticking with me even though I havent tweeted on this account in awhile! Should catchup with alot of ur tweets
Your truck has the taco vista.
What you didn't know was that all the actors were actual zombies. SAG union rules. Complicated.
Thanks so much!
Oh damn this Levels Reverse edit sounds badass!
Im tweeting from my TV.
If I can't be there, I send my peeps! Exito tonight
RT : RT : Please don't RT everyone that drinks your beer.
type A pro
too bad you are not around anymore.
RT : For most writers, the second draft is worse than the first. - John Truby
Stated Producing a Documentary Short today, about two great LA artists coming together on an art project in East LA. Love making movies!
Back in the golden fleece in York....more ghosts than customers??blues music-too much!
. TY! My share is: Sixteen Short Novels - anthology, Wilfrid Sheed
Add me on xbox live! my gamer tag is AtTheSkylines92
TY. I'll post it tonight RT Awesome website Do you know where I can find the most recent case management order
Take time to research who gets the "hits" from your video content in search results. You want to lead traffic straight to your site.
we should do a collaboration T-shirt for ...... Just saying
Thank you to for the newsletter mention of Bob Frause's 2011 Jay Rockey Lifetime Achievement Award! We are so proud!
So hype to be at Willy T all night...
Just when I thought I couldn't be more addicted to my iPhone... The 4S. Love
Please stop letting #JimThome bat, Charlie. Just let him rest in peace.
Wrought means, work or labor, so I want them to realize the efforts we Americans sustained while they were alive! Plus an inferno
Meaning countries in Europe are most popular. Thanks for catching it! :)
having tacos tonight!
Tower 23 hip, cool decor, syrah at sunset spectacular, a pb jewel
You're very welcome, happy to confirm. :)
Buying this damn plane ticket..I hate flying now cause i do it so much...but fuck that long car ride shit.
:D I heard you were going away. :(((
Ut-oh! RT : 29 texts, 4 missed calls and a Tweet. I think was trying to get hold of me last night hahahaha
no because I was outside 12 minutes ago..
#DoctorWho returns tomorrow at 7.10pm! oh my gosh I can hardly wait
haha that's awesome! Didn't know they even televised such a sport. Which network?
**One more...#ihavenotolerance for HOME-WRECKERS!
I think the internet gods are effing with me. No internet at home and no internet at work!! What did I do to deserve this?? :p
Cars taken in , gonna be in for a long while according to the guy . But I'm LOVING the rental car :P #yayforfixingmycar!
Just drove my sister car to the crib high az hell
hey people
I'm so jealous of you girls!!
What a day. Looking forward to warmer weather this week. Maybe I can find some time for fishing? :)
": Killer Whales are not whales at all, rather a species of dolphin." not surprised. Dolphins are dangerous
i followed u follow back plz
suck it bish .!.
Living in a pre-war apartment, soon to be a post-war apartment.
#Saturday #RT If you having a good Saturday so far
We're thankful for all of our clients, fans and followers! We love talking design with you! Happy Thanksgiving!
...w/ all my stuff on the table, agent says "OK, sorry about that--I'll let you pack it all back". Thanks, my one good arm will get on that.
It's beyond rude. It's totally unacceptable. I'm notorious for giving the evil eye to movie texters.
C'mon Karma!! Remember all those times I.... or that one time... uh... aw shit... I'm not getting these tix, am I?
I hate school :c
Today someone parodied Justin Bieber to me.. and I'm proud to say I didn't get the joke
I'm guessing since she told me she never lost a fight I'm suppose to be scared, hoe tighten up
There's a parable in there somewhere. And I think it's telling me to get BBQ tomorrow night.
Unbelievably great again man. Stay who you are because you are BRILLIANT.
If you know of anyone who lives on the south side of Seattle who could host me for an evening, please email me at
#DNC No energy like #wirecall, you need us ~
They should try and get Ryan Gosling to play a marvel character. He would fit in with the Avengers cast.
hey #socent folks, gotta check out inspired line-up of people making a real impact on the world
Mandatory porch time. Trying to fix this terrible runners tan by Saturday for the off-the-shoulder dress I just bought.
job issues?
Out w/ friends post Alvin Ailey American Dance Theatre. We all agree- if u don't love black people after seeing Alvin Ailey, u nevuh will!!
RT We've got Romney back ahead in our FL forecast and gaining quickly. Newt needs a big debate tomorrow.
We can't wait to meet the students from CB Christian School!! Feb 25, Tampa Convention Center! Thx for spreading the word!
Lawyeres are NOT negotiating with the GCs. They are negotiating with procurement departments and are not prepared.
We all just woke up... At 1am? SMH wide awake
y u say that chief... lol...
My cousin gone be mad when he get home and see that i already bounced......
“: My TL was live yesterday between the laker and heat fans”
congrats on being preggo good luck!!
Yay for Net+ class =/
we are building "Kickstarter x AngelList" for filmed entertainment. Chris Erro mentioned your name. Open to meeting?
The breach of the levies in NOLA was the disaster before the disaster that called into question the best/worst of our country
FREE movie @ SECCA tonight: The Parting, created by local producers. Topic: challenges of immigration in the US. 7 pm.
Which other authors do you like I love Roxanna Robinson,Louise Erdrich,Marilynne Robinson,Junot Diaz,Philip Roth, many more!
sarah silverman is cute and smart the video is a bit unnerving though!
Currently working with www.dysFUNKy.com. They r really dope.
I'm explosive
Sounds perfect. Thank you for making us a part of your special day.
Get Ready for tonight!EDEN will be on fire!
great vibes in the air today
Did Dark Horse Saloon in Canton close already? Drove by and looks like it's shut down. I guess that's just a tough location.
it must be insomnia season.
Watching Leprechaun, such a good movie!
Thank you for following back! Glad you liked Tucson! What brought you to town?
haha parkers car is almost as bad!
So excited to see Nat Baldwin tomorrow night!
Aww thanks! Yea check it out. I'm turning it all into a book. Something I've been working on for a little while now.
So my friend in math just told me that it is National Cat day... i wonder how she found that out.
please follow me please
Loves watching scary movies with the fam bam!!!
Bro date with
Hey Baby How's ur night
So basically they're not in anyone's face. Sad.
#IfItWasUpToMe I would see you everyday <U+2764>
It's your fault I now have the Bee Gees 'Tragedy' song stuck in my head. Also, that's what I get for knowing Bee Gees songs.
Am thinking that illustrating some board books would be a terrific project.
Loves 80 degree August days.
I love dunkin donuts coffee!!!!
It’s National Volunteer Week! Last year, Prevent Blindness America volunteers across the country screened over 2.2 million children and ...
Who wants to be a friend and come share their Mary with me :) HMU!
I started a video marketing blog at HowToMakeMoneyWithVideos.com if anyones interested in providing me some feedback.
Do feelings follow actions or do actions follow feelings?
And here i thought you came from the deep end of the gene pool!
The OKC Improv Jam today at 3pm. Join us for the fun!
Oh. Pretty.
Coldplay make me feel better :(
Just purchased a Summerfest ticket package, I am now craving a sampler platter
Burgess and Burgess are discussing the history of the development of the Crime Classification Manual.
Good thing I just woke up...
zervoslives "Everything I've done, it's all been wrong. You know, I tried. I tried to keep it short. I know it took too fucking long."
Ha! Saw your tweet about #thewonderofwonder. I am reading it to 3 classes of 5th graders. Cried at the same place 3x today.
Still not a millionare, but life is still good :-)
off to st.louis see ya's <3 :) love ya all
I truly can say I was like Brad Pitt in Fight Club today....look out for soap bars from Luxe Essentials coming soon! #LuxeEssentials. com
We Ain't Got Nothing To Discuss ; I'm Tryna Bust Nuts
Same Old Song
Robbie Rivera Dance Or Die tonight at Club Cinema, buy your tickets from me so you don't pay extra at the door 954-654-5605
Thk u baby xoxo RT have a good day pretty lady you looks fine really every day
Archie Goodwin goes between the legs. Perfect score. Shabazz needs a 69 or higher to win.
that's awesome! lol!
do you go to CF? They gave the same roses haha
happy mothers day mamaa<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093> I love you so much! couldn't ask for anyone better
Give us a try! We are all about beer, food, and service here!
A new year... new things to come. Believe in Better!
your such a liar
hahaha yes it is. Hello twitter world! Let the fun begin
What word are you thinking?
yay!! You're back!!
That would be a new kind of Tex-Mex taste treat, but no,; the hard-shell taco on the side please.
u took me on knowing what I could turn into and had faith in me from first meeting u are a blessing
Anybody else find Kari from MythBusters sexy?
#oregon is going to win the pac 12
Steroids are a helluva drug, Giambi is still playing
Q. Why did the belt go to jail?A. Because he held up a pair of pants!
Duquette called in sick. Poor guy bedridden all day. In other news my red Ferrari's gone and someone sang Twist and Shout in a parade today.
gerald perry. Very underrated bad brave.
Thank u “ aw.... happy birthday Paully my love!! =)”
Man , never , you got a knew number huh?
no quiet meal with cousin.
Hey there, (Marylhurst), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
sad I missed me some mishegas last night.
Ah... day two on the YNN Rochester assignment desk, down
We have plans to tour in the summer so make sure to keep in touch! And thanks so much for listening to the music!
I sure dont.
nope I don't, and no I never leave anything in my car either
": What's a good countdown app" i have final countdown 111 more days till the ND v Navy game
that's like a "Hulu exclusive day rate"
Never have I ever met someone so pathetic as you
Leaving FL today, huge bummer.
guard always should be upp
Congratulations on grabbing the first pre-sale ticket - See you in June!
needs to stop hitting my boys
Every imaginable illusion of separation is employed by this system. Divide and conquer is the most simple and effective method of control.
having a bad monday? lol not with AC!
ANOTHER HAWKS GOAL! Walters gets his first of the night. Assisted by Davis and Keogh.
Rock on Jimmy Star!! We are coming your way soon!!!
hanging out with my dog after one crazy night in madison. dorzy pea, krissy boo, nelly pie <33
Michael C. Hall is right next to me. Oh my god, he's so hot.
“: Dandy duo of & is the best I have seen in last 20 years" better than &
It's more your silence than what you say that tells me volumes about what you feel.
11:11 is when girls waste wishes on guys when we could be wishing for food!
Wine while I get my hair done? Oh if you insist.
U Still Tryin To Get That Tee??
So I think the P(S1 > S2) where S1 has the larger median is simply the proportion of the overlap to the full range of S2
Reminds me of the quote, "It depends on what your definition of is is." Nice, safe response!
#SheenRoast was so funny!
running on 3 hours of sleep. yay!
fml i wanna make money not loose out ppl telln me i need to only kp one job i hate this
your alive! (':
feeling like $2..I hope my manager doesn't have that stupid pouty look on his face today
RT : "If Britney Spears can make it through 2007 I can make it through this class"-me every time in Math class <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Why is it that a product sold as"Garlic Pepper" has salt?
#Avengers this weekend
how crappy did that taste?
Damn I need me a homie, lover,friend foreal!
we'll be up there around the same time shooting video.
No I am not Ehud and you know that. I am just someone who see BOTH sides of the conflict. What I said is completely true.
Thx for the re-tweets on my mass jokes tonight... it's quite beneficial to me to see what you guys liked best as an aspiring comic.
Prom Tonight........IMA BE TURNT UP TONIGHT ALL THE WAY
what's the most memorable moment u have had in your career?
Does anyone think Dyson would have faux-inside-the-park-homerunned Quintero's "double" (reached third on the throw).
Ian Tx You! Once again you have given us a great topic to ponder. Will return with input of our discussions.
"The struggle over abortion rights is at its heart a struggle about women's autonomy." - Joni Seager, Penguin Atlas of Women
Partied hard and then woke up with fucking pink eye. Jesus.
How did I end up here? At a bar called Urge that's right next to another bar called Cock.
Pretty Woman
Still on about petrol strike .
i wanna go home and sleep.
Oh stat how I hate you
Will I ever start a new job and not be sick? Not today. Stupid allergies/cold.
Have determined there are a stunning number of lunatics on the loose.
No that's okay, 20 items or less really means fill the whole cart. and yes, feel free to pay with 12 different credit cards.
It's amazing how someone can make you feel, without being anywhere near you.
Black is beautiful.
Mind blown
At least those looking can find me easy. That is what helps me so much.
Already done! :-)
#Flu season is officially in full swing... Are you prepared? Find out where flu shots are offered near you and take the kids ASAP!
Welcome to the dude... We've been waiting for a middle LB like you since Trotter...
What yall talkin bout I call it Space Mountain...Thats where my ladies Reach 4 da Stars cause of the pipping!!!
ASDFGHJKL I wish I was at Bamboozle to see right now! askjfbasijfbasifbasfbasfvbasf x'(
I blame for my famousness.
Cito Culver to sign autographs at Collector Fest Monthly in Webster tonight 6-8pm
is that show pretty solid? i haven't watched yet, I love Zooey too much to see her in something shitty :(
RT : nevr try 2 B better thn sum1 else Learn from others & try 2 B the best U cn B Success is the by-product of preparation
who is manuel lol
This nigga taking 10 years to roll this sh.t
What's your favorite Christmas song?
“The voice of authority may mock you – but it is you who decides your success or fate.” – Angela Oberer
Thanks for the support!
so beautiful
So Smash is just a whiter version of FAME?
Had no idea until now that the lovely orange sunlight today was a by-product of wildfires. Looking back, it did seem wrong, somehow.
Amazingly, Hornets tried to tank last night in Charlotte...and still won. lol
I can't wait to get done with work today!
You gotta have a sense of humor. Without one life would suck.
so tomorrow should be easyish. If he shows up
I meant in general.
Thanks Davin! Hope you're doing well.
After school date at RJ Grunts in Lincoln Park. I love
Managing Digital Asset with Full Expertise | Website Design Theme
all proceeds will fund Liverpool Football Club, amirite?
Great win for Beitar last night, a little wiggle room from the bottom now, but not much
our show is on lifetime in 14 minutes :-)
Everyone go follow !
So glad you are enjoying the John Williams music. Anna Singer will play Harry Potter for you in the next half hour.
Many thx Charlie..hope all is well. Lots more room here for others wanting to "live the dream"!(: Hv an awesome wkend my friend
Enjoyed celebrating 's birthday today with the family. #Godisgood to have blessed me w/ such a wonderful friend & mother! :)
LeSean McCoy may be saving my life right now.
Tomorrow, Shai Maestro Trio at (NY) 8:30pm. Last chance to hear us before the European Tour and our recording!
Hit about 75 9-irons at the driving range today. Pretty good for the first swings of the year.
Social Studies -_-
u can choose,pick one lol :D <33 and u'll tell me what happen in da movie,kay? xD <33
check out our website & see what else we can do for your next event!!! www.MOMENTUMCLEVELAND.com
It's official: I'm moving to Hong Kong or New York after my holidays in a week. Adios London, hello...?? Let the adventure begin....
really that's that serious bout what u want.....results...
How much for katebosworth.com?
I bet! Shake dem single dread! :3
what, it was ready? Can I get it today?
I'm ok with the whole 'class warfare' thing. After all, the rich fired the first shot.
heehee yeah you are! So how's life? Get your new ink yet?!
Will not win Scoring Title in 2012.
ture blood season5 will be in june of 2012
Im so bored:(
your going to be 14 tomorrow ah<3
I ain't supposed to be a boss, I'm supposed to be a enforcer! I'm supposed to hold a gun, not get stuck in the office!
ah!! I had no idea. doug and i want a dog but manny was less than thrilled during the visit. how are your cats?
The Art of War, I'm from NJ
Haha i flipped my sis off and she was like "OMG YOU'RE LIKE NAILL!"
The #Vikings cut Ryan Longwell. So I guess he won't see the team get moved to Los Angeles.
Enjoying a quiet Sunday!
#TwitterlessDavidBrown had a good run. Half a school day
Lion King 2, wine, and house to myself
bread baking and fresh orechiette w/anchovies, chili and olive oil
me me me me me!
NEMESYS is in mixdown. Album's still underway. Deadline??? Who said anything about a deadline?! ;)
I would get superglue all over my fingers today. :/
Stop hogging awards of more deserving films, Hugo, like #DragonTattoo and
we'll find out tonight
Oh my gossh so many new followers :DD thaanks every1 I will follow back later I promisee!
I'm actually in Austin Tx...
In the final countdown to
At IA State Capitol hoping to watch Condition of State Address/budget, but NOT allowed in. So much 4 peoples house.
wow I seriously can't wait to play this . I'm gonna freak out lmao
Packing for San Francisco for dreamforce
#JayZSyncShow They should've hosted this AMEX concert in
Craving a midnight snack! UGH! What do you crave in the middle of the night?
“: Danny Briere credited with the goal, his 7th of the playoffs and second today. #Flyers” Oh Danny Boy!!!
guys I want a bf
Exactly! RT : Agreed. All that says to me is "I'm shallow & insecure." Certainly doesn't make me want to do business w/ them.
Yeahzaaaaa! : #Caps win! Congrats to
had I known we would have been there! How'd you like it?
That girl's pink hoodie looked like someone took a dump on it...
I can't stand a nigga that always trynna start shit with females.
1. Get silent movie 2. Apply angry bird sound effects to silent movie 3. Profit
Mayne why is it 3 instead of 6? I have #6 if you wanna borrow it?(: @
Why do they continue to pitch to Alberta?!?! The Cards are good but at home we can't let him beat us!
i will never understand why someone would be happy to be a #1 Heat Hater
make a big deal out of it. Quote '' OMG! Why do i have to move i didn't do anything. God i'l tired...'' unquote lol it probably didn't s ...
RT : Excited for the Rivers Crossing Community Church group that's leaving for Guatemala tomorrow!
Absolutely! That's really the point of it all I believe!
You're awesome! Thanks for the #ff (and for providing more Scramble entertainment!)
probably everyone
I'm gonna say this once! Don't ask me to Support your movement if I can't get you to support mine..
And facebook and myspace that dosent mean you have a ife
** Follow Our Partners ** Follow for everything relevant about the greatest city on earth
I just added Heathers to my movie queue. It's been too long. I need a refresher of red hair bows and boiler rooms....
Have a safe Fourth of July!!
Find out how you can create a residual income for yourself by promoting text marketing with ZesMo.com. www.zesmo.com
Dennys for lunch , then froyo , then b-dubs for dinner , imma get fat . . .
So ready for the weekend.
The Militant saw a one-legged cyclist(!) at
so i heard is gonna have a live chat tomorrow at 5.. i cant wait <3
Do you think blacks have a hard time including the gay minority because homosexuality is easily kept hidden?
The Heat is just that good. Have been all year but remember LBJ will shut it down when it comes to the finals.
Remember when we beat North Carolina in the Elite Eight? That was awesome!
RIGHT?!?! I thought that all freaking day today.
Everything that reminds me of you
This is an amazing debate.
Attn #spurrier critics: Why college football on Thurs, a school night? Forget education, players must bring in TV ratings!
Good morning twitter.
there ya go William. Get your UberFacts on
I can fake a smile when I feel horrible. I can pretend to be happy. I can do a lot, but what I can’t do is pretend that I don’t love you.
picking up prom dress :)
I value it and whether it's a joke 2 some only God can judge the matter of the issue. I still believe in 1 woman 1 man.
its wells tower. I think he writes about the American cackalack region, close to va.
#HappyBirthdayGRANDman we all love you! hope its fantastic! :) <33
It's kind of hard for me to feel bad that the #Grizzlies lost seeing as how they played so poorly on their own home court.
when did that ever stop me?
Follow back? :)
At Balthazar in SoHo #NYC. About to meet the talented !
Remember - if yesterday was your regular trash & recycling collection day, put it our tomorrow and we will pick it up.
We're trying now. :-)
probably. good memory. it was funnier the second time.
count me in!
Very much looking forward!
I know right! We should jack him For his seat RT : Don't have your 5 yr old in the first class bed.. Showing out
I'd watch RT : I think me and..... should have a #shirtoff August 15th
We're only 124 followers from giving away signed merch from your favorite artists! Help us out!
Never got that deal before. Sounds decent. The "lowballing" is in exchange for the convenience.
YES PLEASE
Absolutely loved 's 'Luminous Airplanes.' Now kinda baffled by the "immersive text" part. Am I really supposed to read all of this?
omg!! YOU HAVE TO GO. All your dreams could come true!
Dj'ing tomorrow with - always sold out, always a good time - , ,
haha well apparently those waffle fries I ate first did me in
Ohh - I agree. Men should not wear mock turtlenecks.. I thought you meant everyone.. :)
Yeah! Thanks for the tip!! Love Marni!
Not funny BUT isn't the hour nearly up? GO! RT : one hour til can take more pain meds...what have you seen today that is funny?
Love like a brother. Treat like a friend. Respect like a lover.
The #Brewers are laying an opening day egg. Good thing we have 161 more to play.
yes, i won't be using it as one though :]
Could it be Safe Nike Free to Take Antidepressant Medicines ...
That's certainly the case for NMNH! I keep that group in mind as a primary force in our online community.
On the school buss, to tired for this shyt.
facebook.com/carpender
Tune in to Sophie 103.7 at 9pm with to hear some live Tori tunes! Thank you Mookie!
but ..but, no RT: Because they are evil bastards who want to pollute the earth to make it unlivable."
Sponsorship Execs provide assets to recognize revenue, but the their real job is to help their partners do business.
Deliberate in counsel, prompt in action. <U+8003><U+616E><U+306F><U+614E><U+91CD><U+306B><U+884C><U+52D5><U+306F><U+654F><U+901F><U+306B>
Stupid ass loud pakk got my head spinning NO<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AE><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
How is your brain? Free cranial tests for all at Scotland Yard Pub Tomorrow at 8pm. The only real Pub Quiz!
Much like the media did with the Scott McClellan book, I choose to believe all the bad things in the Ed Klein book.
Rep Clyburn just admitted to the students in SC that he is good at responding to questions and sometimes he even answers a few.
Stayed up late studying loving the sleep now tho :D
Going to Seattle May 5 so excited :D!!!
He use to give me strength...back when I had faith in him...when he was mine.
#Falcons seriously?
"reportedly" we will find out April 11th
RT probably a facial, u need to meet me in Vegas next month to do a scene with me and
Great game last night! you guys look for real
thank you for the follow. I followed u back :-)
Prepared and presented a tailored overview of fund-raising methods for Hilltop Children's Center this past Thursday. Thanks Pat.
Peyton Manning has 2nd neck surgery, to miss at least 2-3 months
Stop by the VLP Library to pick up an event flyer and read about Grace Darin!
Hey Joe...how's you career coming along at 33 Across. Just wanted to check in and see what exciting things your up to. KP
Tomorrow, my family will celebrate their 390th Thanksgiving in America. I've missed a few of them.
well i wouldnt call yours saggy per se, but then again they havent been on me so i cant say that with certainty
"The only things between a person and what they want are the will to try and the faith to believe it's possible." -- Rich Devos
There is a guy on train singing "I'm feeling hungry. I like chicken. I'm feeling really hungry" #weirdtrainmoment!
"RT : Pindrop named 2012 “Cool Vendor” in Enterprise Communications and Network Services by Gartner”
Me too!!
A life without cause is a life without effect.
They're taking the old card catalog out of Alderman today & selling it to an antique shop!
has to like the best general ever besides G. Washington she's bought #arianaarmy to a whole new level<U+2665>
The NEEDS 10 more followers within the next hour PLEASE N THKS LOL:-)
I have a bad sense of humor
omg!! I love it!
ha so good right! glad you enjoyed.
OMFG. My wallet isn't in my pants. FUCK.
<---- Ciroc an Cranberry
our pleasure, look forward to hearing from you =)
Absolutely! I'll be all duck'd out in yellow and green :)
can't sleep. I wake up every morning abt 2.. :-(
Oh, besides me?
smh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>joe you just take it to far bro
I would be happy to fund this research with my tax dollars.
Lo Lo's got the best chicken
Gonna get down this fridaayyy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I love Summer Sex Seshes with hot German rocker chicks that are set up in May. God Bless America. LOL
About to write that Econ paper tomorrow at lunch... #Lazy #LoveMyBed <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Excited to join and looking forward to attending some events and getting to learn more about the advertising industry!
R.I.P. to Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys. One of the greatest hip hop groups ever. I'm so saddened by this loss.
I kno, fml, just two weeks before graduation
Shooting music video number 6 this weekend. Word
Yep, there was definitely an evil unicorn in the cabin in the woods. you, me, Lucy - name that horror movie reference challenge.
I'm with you!
amazing set last night at 12th/porter. You have a new fan. Hopefully ill see you around Nashville soon!
I KNOW BUT IM BORED SO
shut up fat ass
< the weather is really not that bad but the capability of the city to respond is not what I am used to elsewhere
What should my username be? Any Ideas?
tune in to my radio show im broadcasting at kvdu.org every monday 7 - 8
Bears love :)
Who watches #dancemomsmiami come talk to me right now
#A1DThing they are almost always color coordinated :)
Featuring vegan beef!
Don Draper is quite the character on #MadMen. Who's your favorite character of the hit TV show?
“: so u been a heat fan for what a whole 2 yrs now” LOL...so true!
well is on right now. That should help ease the pain!
Want a #swinger discount vacation 4 nights $399 Caliente Resorts
When I miss you I read our old messages and smile like an idiot in front of everyone <3 c:
hey girl
Nephew just told me he wants his summer pajamas to have a cape. Uh...join the club, kid. Hahaha
haha its been awhile:)
I can tell that you've been practicing! All those other men where practice! They where practice yeah !!!For Me!!!
I have had motive and opportunity but haven't committed the crime. I'm getting soft in my old age.
Why am I holding a crochet hook? I don't crochet.
Have a good flight Palpable excitement and a massive, packed room: RT Mastermind Keynote at
where can I see the article? Miss you my friend!! You better yet?
Ha! Seattle is good - although I miss my Southern culture sometimes :) Summer is coming here too - not raining. Woot!
Customer panel: says Xactly has helped sales reps gain more insight into commissions and remove reliance on spreadsheets...
Sweet goal!
Finally got up out of bed and took a shower.
Everything my dad didnt do for me ima do for mines
no burger I've ever had compares to a Thurman Burger
Falling in Reverse's new album "The Drug In Me Is You"
Barnett: We have to be honest and do the best we can with the numbers.
Coffee time!!!
I really dig your teaching videos. Nice job.
#lajollahalfmarathon Weather Forecast: 7:30 am cloudy(possible fog/mist), 56 degrees, light wind 5 mph.
nice! what did you research?
my mom is officially psychotic!
6 more days till my birthday!(:
But that's the best combination ;-)
Fine. Twist my arm...I'll spend the next few hours in Central Park with one of my 2 yr olds. Alice in Wonderland bound!
A Professional Corporation is a law firm with a nationwide network of attorneys providing a broad array of legal services.
Papa Johns Louisville had contest w/people making their own pizzas, explaining recipes! Got hundreds of interviews w/customers
Will need to check on records retention & library privacy policies
hahaha that's awesome.
Ben & Jerry's needs an on-demand delivery service.
crying while listening to hillsong, nbd.
please follow me!!!!
I've always had amazing service from rackspace. What's going on?
Kicking it with the Homie
Just ALWAYS use CLEAN water, like it says in the directions! Or else those brain-eating amoeba things can take over!
i like that you two are tweeting from the same events at the same time. creates a nice echo in the timeline.
The hardest part of coming back home after a vacation is _______________________. (I have way too many things I could say.)
RT this for two tickets to see #SnoopDogg on Thursday at Lucky Star Casino Concho!
Hello too all the new followers!! RT
#MadMen FTW for the 4th year in a row! and #ModernFamily for the 2nd year in a row!
That's so sweet <U+2764>
": i aint riding for my niggas brah, im riding for myself #realistbitchalive" I like dat rite der ride fa yoself my guy
Whoa what happened last night... we don’t remember anything after the 4th bottle
Well whatever then..
Ferguson! Happy Birthday!
Check in. “: Retweet if you are having a good beard day....ladies too”
I was just sitting around thinking how much I prefer the 9th street opus over both the 8th and 10th street opuses. Cheers!
you seen the documentary? the end where they show people all over the world jamming out to him is incredible
Pierce. Elbow. Never a doubt in my mind.
I caaannnttt do this year without you...guess that means you're coming back...nice try!
Haha well we know now what should be Apple's next marketing campaign to reach baby boomers.
Looking for something to do today? Come support a winning campaign. 12pm Brookland metro for door/door with Tim Day.
what in the hell is dick?
Snow at night, rain in the morning
The Black Limousines
Tonight! Join us for Thirsty Thursday’s at The Grateful Palate. Free wine tasting from 5-7 p.m . 2 night's feature - Valley of the Moon.
and Morin...such wonderful followers I have. :)
Thank you very much Phlip!
i think i dont like this season of Mad Men very much because January Jones has barely been on it
A sorry boy makes a sorry man. smfh
nice try..
Two-hour Mad Men season premiere and no January Jones?? C'mon man. What were those writers thinking?
Happy New Year Sheri!!
loved the launch of body pump today at Audrey Moore rec center!!
So glad you guys are giving me song requests! Tell me what song you wannabhear and i'll try to cover it :]
Hey, all of need to go see this youtube video! Battle at kruger RETWEET, video is amazing!
Morning! How are you?
What do you get when blindfold a black man? Stevie Wonder of course.
the new rainbow links on tumblr remind me of a rave
Macdonalds: the only place where fat people make fun of the healthy.
DYK? William “Bootsy” Collins- musician, songwriter and record producer is a Sigma ...Happy Founders Day
please, girl, stay. oh darlin' please, girl, stay. oh sugar please, girl, stay. 'til the early mornin'<3 ((:
She's going to be ok but thank you, honey.
Every little kiss is a drivin' me crazy.
True enough. Ah well, not really our problem at this point. Though I'll be interested to hear how it goes over a couple of years
Idc if ppl be hatin i think GLEE is awesome and i love every show and performance!!!!!!!!!Im a GLEEK
It is too late to call back yesterday. <U+6628><U+65E5><U+3092><U+547C><U+3073><U+623B><U+305D><U+3046><U+3068><U+3057><U+3066><U+3082><U+9045><U+3059><U+304E><U+308B>
It's funny how my fam gets so much attention & we just stick to doing us
RT : Phree pizza today from Glass Nickel Pizza on University Ave. with code word. Log in to www.phreeps.com for code word.
we all need to stand up and shout about making more importent to the show then Beth or other divas. Nat is better
Lakers would destroy Mavs in playoffs, not bc of Kobe, but bc no one can guard Bynum
“: Michael Moe: what's your ROE? That's return on education? #eisummit”
stay strong Bri! Don't let him mess with your heart. I love you!!! <3
Dude. Your new bf Ronald is hot.
Thank you for the follow!!
I'm looking into a way; do you have a favorite method for sharing playlists?
I just watched someone make a subway sub super unhealthy and nasty. Ugh
how's the foot?
About to do some research for a history report! :) Okay twitter, I won't let you be my distraction...
RT for your chance to win 2 tix to the *Sold Out* #TheWonderYears (), , & more at on 4/20!
Yeah. You're due a big boost when they get added. We were actually just talking about this yesterday. Its high in our priorities
know anybody in burlington?
Son Ryan just left PDX headed to San Diego. His new assignment in the Navy begins Thu. Say a prayer for safe travel. Long day of driving.
nap. drinking. then more drinking. <3
Laying in bed in a Motel 6 in Williams, CA, watching 'Everybody Loves Raymond'. Can't sleep. It just doesn't get any better than this.
Just posted more photos of Victorian Yonkers.....enjoy!
He must be on steroids. #cheater RT : Congrats Jered Weaver! And fuck the Twins.
With winter weather around the corner how will you make sure your pets get enough exercise?
- I was betting on "people currently active/online" or something in that direction. One step at a time.
Done that. But even though I want deals for men it sends me a lot of deals for women. I think groupon is gender confused. :)
Medical brownie plus crazy yoga. I'm cured.
this is where partnerships between schools/businesses come in. Any tech-savvy businesses near you?
My room is clean, but I'm scared to open my closet
hey! are you still here?
I don't like Facebook but after playing with the new timeline, I have to say that other niche social networks have no chance.
You said balls. Shit, now I said balls. Shit, now I just said shit! DAMMIT!
Who are you most excited to see at this year's ? Besides us, of course.
I Would've Made You Leave Too.
White Tiger at the zoo is VERY cool.
determined that our error notification system does not scale well after getting 615K messages over the weekend. not good.
i hope one day i get to meet you:(
is my Tiger Mom; aside from Rene lol
So my sis wanted 2 get me bak 4 earlier so she got 1 of her roommates 2 harass me on da phone smh
but Paul was looking to pick a fight that would position him vis-a-vis the POTUS, and Carney just gave it to him.
I should be floating a river right now.
Pre #e3 golf tomorrow... Who is playing?
Halloween's just a week away! Time for me to fuck-carve a pumpkin!
can't wait!
HAITIAN FRESH!!
More glam, less pay. RT : "guest tweeting", probably more glamorous than "tweet sitting?"
Oh dang, I had an idea like that! :)
Thursdays are definitely in #Kontrol at - did it proper last night! just keeps getting better!
hahahaha that's what I'm talkin'bow. still funny.
No problem. Can you follow my friend , please? :)
I Dm u
Muffins straight out of the oven are probably the best thing...ever.
One of the best ways to support independent music is attend local concerts.
Of course an all Lucky Charms diet is good for you.
Time to make a change - we are going to fulfill our lifelong dream of moving to Nebraska.
Rough week to rock a Phils cap in this town
You guys were amazing too. Congrats on a great show!
I agree we need to involve Higher Ed in our culture of change. They r a bit old school
Why aren't sleep and coffee interchangeable? Someone needs to fix this right away.
I seriously live with the laziest fucking people ever.
I Just Love The Way My Nervousness Goes Away As Soon As That Spotlight Turns On... <3 #iLoveDance #IDontWantItToBeOver #TwoMoreRecitals (:
Your love is like a red, red...Mai Tai? Not really, but last evening to send us a poetic tweet for a chance to win a $50 gift cert.
*Wrapping the rope around 's right wrist, binding it to her ankle, then moving over doing the same with her left* Mighty fine.
Video goes live in 23 minutes!
Happy Father's Day to all the father out there.
YEAH BABY!
so true, even with the smallest most mundane things in your life. When you know better, you MUST do better.
Defiantly not you!!!..=)
I'd rather a bathroom that a lady just left smell of spray instead of poo but the spray smell makes me think shes trying to hide something.
Your show picked a bad time to take a week off!
What if?
Woo! Thanks!
“: fuck poopship, you ever been cryptic enveloped? #40minutesoffeedback” fuckin hysterical as well
lunch is for the lazy
I don't think Scorcese made Hugo boring enough. There needs to be an extended edition where lots more of nothing happens.
Really though, my mom is my hero everyday.
Please stop raining! Ugh all week.
Woman donates $1.1M to college
Get all children equal access to quality early childhood progs. Outside of that I am with you Maj.
I like me, Yo, u like me? Cause I like me, do u like me? See, I like me.
Nothing to do tonight
Hi I would like to know when MAGIC CITY is going to air in FRANCE? My people can't wait to see it :) frenchi
You own my heart, he's just renting it.
It costs $1635 to keep a youth on probation for a year. It costs us one-third of that to divert them instead - leaving them with no record!
90's hip hop day at the house. # biggiegivemeonemorechance
thanks do tell me a little bit about urself?
It is amazing when a project comes together! All of the extra hours are so worth it. . . well at least that is how I feel!
Solo tonight not going anywhere if you want me you find me at the crib!!
Detail cleaning my mama's house while my twin takes her to the movies. I promise that means more to her than the flowers & candy.
Why thank you, ! If you lived only a teensy bit closer, I would have dragged you over here for bell day. We gotta get you back to LA.
Double espresso, coke, magic flask and five hour energy. Round two!
Lol i'm sorry babe. :p
You should definetely try Manic Panic :)
I APPROVE :D
Nothing better than the pool on a hot day :)
Watching Ur Down Fall
8-0 run by Syracuse....America can calm down now...this is not going to happen
hahaha I couldn't agree more. And loud radios or sound systems in your car are so 1992. Respect the cell lot!
hello Louis! how are youu ? (:
Anyone got a money tree I can pick off?
I Need help findin a&r's hmu if u can help me wit dat
also, contact me privately (direct msg or email ) for video info :)
what a sexy man
“: Did brian really just say that”
Yay, I'm only going to school for half day. c:
Happy birthday America!! :D.
#AskBieber where you live currently, i think, in which the city is your house ?? Love you
I wish I could join you! Are you going to wash your brioche down with a gelato bellini?
Morgans got a foot fetish
Cant go a day without saying somthing
"Hey you, I think your flys unzipped... Want me to help you??" (:
Wow. Big turnover.
cool please do sahn!
Aw, I would have loved to see you!
Nasty ass move by wade
brb getting my giant net. be there in 10. c:
Black churches start sunday & dont let out till next Sunday. Long!!
The secret to telling a good joke is the element of surprise. Ditto with video.
Wishing a Happy Mother's Day to those that qualify and a happy day to the rest of you mothers!
You be my honeysuckle, I'll be your honeybee :)
they haven't set dates, but it's supposed to be in the spring
Tear up that road, girl! Me & Bonnie Raitt songwriter are, too! Loved seeing you in VT - hope to again soon.
You know how Dahlia loves her YouTube videos. That is something we'd watch, especially if there's dancing.
eeeekk!! I'm so excited :)
Hello Charlotte, NC. I'm staying on message this week: Don't let your EGO write checks your results can't cash.
Your face makes me lol
Kims driving us to church. Oh gosh haha
gotta think compared to that Quaker Steak & Lube is a real drain (pun intended)
Tune into before the top of the next hour. Tom Wanderer will interview the legendary Uli John Roth (Scorpions, Electric Sun). 91.7 FM!
“: lol you two!” Um you spelled that wrong it's " Too" Duh
well deserved. Karen is fabulous and does so much for RB.
Do I send flowers to say I'm sorry, or is he allergic to flowers?
I'm good! Hope you are too! Have a great week! :)
Dang. I've only ever read An Age of Barns & Diary of an Early American Boy. Thought that was it. Google says I've reading to do.
I am what I am a mindless girl
Seems like dem lakers getting the cake baked 2night
Can only imagine Bike Bar is jam packed with bike commuters today. BTW- we're serving Hopworks this year!
Riley's pahooutee?
Exited for tonight's stroll comp at DePaul!!
Watching castle.
HoeLies #53: It's a minor rash.
All I want to do is talk...
I know who I'm talking to, he's pretty much set in his ways
was going the fuck in
Holy cow, the Marlins brought a legit roster.
Ok seriously I don't think I've wanted something more than for this person to talk to me... :/ Lol pathetic
can't believe I'm getting married in 3months! Still feels like I'm 16 but yet a grown up. :) time flys like crazy, where did the years go?
Our thorough Preventive Maintenance Program gives our customers peace of mind knowing that their unit is being serviced on a regular basis!
So many hot people.....
I just bought a guitar from a guy who looked like Tyler Glenn.
Holy Moly Nebraska.
my fucking phone keeps sending me shit about ppl checking in. dont give a fuck stop!
Timothy Geithner tells he is “relatively comfortable” about the U.S. economy’s ability to withstand what's happening in Europe.
Feeling a-ok with only 3 hrs of sleep, but I'll be taking it easy tonight to rest up for work this weekend. Laundry &
Just tasted this super-delicious #asparagus my brother just made! OH MY GOD - I'M IN VEGETABLE HEAVEN!!!!!!
Have a fabulous spring weekend! What's on the schedule?
...let's roll, and melt in some chocolate #playful chill
#Reading Erasmus, "The Godly Feast." Lesson learned: A generous explication of Pauline theology is the only seasoning needed for beet salad.
Just touched down in #Vegas for the 1st time. Go figure its also the first time my flights been so early that we have no gate open.
Mexican candy, gum, and donuts during a test for 2 hours ;) I'll survive
wishing you safe travels!! call me tomorrow to fill me in on the status of your story!! xoxo
7-11 Hot Dog, Gatorade, Ruffles Chips and Sour cream dip.
I don't see the Cavs making the playoffs either..... That is a longshot!
i did now give me 50 fllwers
This has made the often hard work of editing samples to a rather easy process
Inteprod LLC Named to Inc. 5000 List of the Fastest-Growing Private Companies in America
The fact that people only care, or at least pretend to care, about the Earth one week out of the year is ridiculous. Especially since most
hx for the #follow Follow my friends and - they
SURF NINJAS reference? Kwansu, dude!
Mike, actually wanted to do an interview with you guys about that decision. Have any time after noon?
The day I can spontaneoysly choose between having to be at office or telecommuting from home, then technology will have lived up to the hype
Why is Tony Lucca on ? You're better than this!!
Woke up on wrong side of the bed!!
Happy Mother's Day to all of you moms and soon-to-be-moms out there!
great article & you bring up a good point, galloway & williams were tagged & traded but they could contribute
Its time you step up, its your turn, im tired of doing everything. So when you grow a pair you can call me back.
sorry correction, aaron brown got drafted in the 7th round. my fault
I've been practicing :) Garners a lot of weird looks, but totally worth it.
A person who doesn't know the history of the last 3,000 years wanders in the darkness of ignorance, unable to make sense of reality. -Goethe
My dental-related tweet sparked 2 new followers. Apparently and want to get in on the scraping fun!
: The world needs more people like you, who actually like being in class at 8:15.
Fuck British literature class, it's fucking hard! Dx I don't even think the British even read that type of literature.
hey boo, i miss you
YouriDealsABQ thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
wow. Yeah I've only been here since 04
Oh oh thx for following - so proud...
Sounds like a great first line, off screen, as we FADE IN on MAN slumped, clutching remote, blood pooling beneath.
Have you been thinking about a makeover lately? Besides a beauty makeover give your space a makeover. Or a closet. Contact us today.
Spring Tag Sales, Flea Markets, Book Sales
I thank God for the newly unexpected that happens in life....& those who have contributed to make new life possible......
Congratulating Amber!!!!!
Outcast sale starts in a few hours!!!! Anyone in the Pensacola area stop by and check out the deals
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Breath Remedy Interdental & Proximal and most oral care products.
Bill Maher just called out $1 trillion student debt in his monologue
It'll suck if more than half the class fails...Mrs. G will go crazy....her eyes turn red I noticed(;
Anyone going to Portland, OR for the Council on Social Work Education Annual Program meeting?
Are all these mentions of Romney's current underdog status to Obama going to boost his favorability?
LET'S GO LOBOS!
Rolling cartridges for an Enfield Rifle with my father in law. Him, me..& 20,000 reenactors will be reenacting the battle of Shiloh April 31
May the 4th be with you! :)
": "Absence makes the heart grow fonder, but it sure makes the rest of you lonely." #CharlieBrown" awww
It's going to be a good one! I'll send you this article I found.
We can all tell when you get your headshot done at sears...that is not a good thing
Not havin a teacher for second block is pretty great, me and go to mar begleys class and chill :))
I'll have a threesome wit them well be 3 different types of chocolatethat caramel that milk and that dark... Words from ...
its official you all have the worst customer service in America
SimSimi is for people who don't have any actual friends to talk to lmao
Euro pressured as ECB dampens rate hike prospect
Enjoying one last day of sunny weather in the 70's... Not excited about heading back to a car buried in snow
At the dentist. Boo hoo. Ihatethis.
I will praise the LORD, who counsels me; even at night my heart instructs me. Psalm 16:7
The winner has just been emailed. Everyone go check your email, quick!
Our FB page just hit 2,800 Likes. Can Twitter match? RT this message, because great #wines are meant to be shared.
Thanks for the retweets! :-)
thank you for following me. What about me sparked your interest?
NBA cancels first two weeks of season
Have you heard of a tequila burpee???? Well tomorrow morning its on!
damn they really r takin over da world
haha alright(: text me
Get down to St. Andrew's tonight for Roc Stea'd and more... You know who's hosting...
I love waking up to good news like hearing that Cole Hammels was suspended for 5 games. HAHA!
You gotta teach an ETAKA tune and play duo tonight on Fallon!
Lmao! Too freaking funny!
SDPD redirecting auto traffic are apologizing to drivers only
(in Mazz Boston accent) "he was a pats killa this year. Dan snyda does the grocery shoppin for shannahan"
hey do me my name is cinthia
Dappadan On Demand Trailer Coming Soon!!.
. is killing it at is up after them. Where are you?
Here we go again. Nightmare on Affalo street.
I love you more than you know.
For those that are willing to travel the snowy roads, we'll be taking $3 off all of our mix and match craft 6-packs tonight until 8pm.
Ah! that's better. A 12.5 million bonus will buy Rupert Murdoch a lot of ointment, relief and humility. But who signs the big checks there?
Nice thanks! RT : released the new official packer app for android !
At home I love home
Chi-town bound!
Replaced toner in public printer on freaky busy Sun w/no previous knowledge of how 2 do so. This is my helped-deliver-a-baby-inataxi moment.
Eastbay would be great with my membership there
Made it in the top 5 for the National Anthem, another audition Tuesday! (:
Dempster's first victory will probably be a 5 inning, 12 hit, 6 run performance in a game where the #Cubs have their hitting shoes on.
omg there's a new show coming to lifetime called prank my mom. We need to sign Betty and Karen up haha
I hate when you send a text & you didn't mean to hit send...
Problems of posting mass archives online - copyright issue becomes overwhelming, stifling research
Thanks for answering my question...
join us by following our Tweets in starting a Revolution. Our govt doesnt work 4 the people politicalperceptions.weebly.com/
OH: "Is Facebook broken?"
BTW: it is true that the fetus is part of a woman. If it wasn't then it could survive independently.
": Spaz at winking Lizard tonite in Lakewood"
Austin nobody wants you to get hurt.
So can you do July?!?
I was in the military too. If u approach someone & start a fight "& Zim did" then man up! Black or white I can stomach a coward
Day after a spa day in Laguna
#heweb11 taught me I need to fall in love with campaign tracking on Google Analytics and that my fellow highedweb pros are amazing!
Agreed on Penelope
Everyone should follow cuz he's amazing! AND HE'S ON <U+2665>
working on report from business database training. thinking this is future of libraries...reaching out to business community.
The wait is killing me!!
Great game last night! I'll see you next week. ;)
Perfect! #redheadsaresluts ;p
start guessing!
In the midst of all the heat in the east, come buy a house in San Diego, where the weather has been perfect! Home Bank can help finance!
For anyone in the fitness industry looking for a fantastic social media consultant follow for great tips! She is awesome!
how have u been hun?
I really don't like that I have a fox, racoons and other cats from the neighborhood they eat my cats food all the time!!
I'm generally a very patient man, I'm flexible and easy going but the contractor and his minions are on my sh*t list.
Still feeling twitchy from seeing Iris at the Kodak last night.
I'm so lazy right now.. Crawling into a corner and sleeping
Hey everyone. Follow my band () and be the first to hear our tunes.
looking good fellas. Tight!!!!!!!
Ladies when you grow up chances are you will marry a average husband with no six pack so don't get used to It ...
Just rearranged my room.. Now I don't wanna clean the rest of if... Bo. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Why why why? | Beginning in April, nonsubscribers will have access to 10 free articles per month on .com instead of 20
Way to go! “: Amazing night at the dinner Dance for !over $20,000 raised!
Are your #First20SongsOnShuffle playing on
I still need to check w Calvin. I'm going w him to his friends place to photograph their creations for their catering bizz.
Tell us who makes the best graphic designs!
Who would you do: Mary Steenburgen or Mimi Rogers?
Welcome my sweet little red-headed stepchild :-). Follow my girl
Follow us on Twitter!
where u at
Proposals FGS, OGS and article. Getting it done after NGS.
Interesting article; I'd like to know nurse practitioner first year turnover rate;should be much higher like MD
I see, wat type of work you do baby
Members of the and vote to approve merger #oneunion Hurray for HOLLYWOOD ! ! !
"Sometimes we make love with our eyes"
lol does she have a twitter.!?
we got 9 scores recorded for you (asqe8)
too bad you couldn't edit tweets after posting them \m/
I can make it happens...just press the buttons that's covered by a sign saying to use the buttons on the otha side
Just realized my data roaming is off. All live tweets from yosemite will publish at once.
We're so excited to launch our #Vegas microsite | The Las Vegas Team are ready to service your requirements from Monday |
Goal this week: get pictures of cats with frats
Huntsman: Romney cabinet position is about as likely as becoming a part of the Foo Fighters
I think Gary Cohen referred to them as a "rap band" during the Mets game.
To realize one's destiny is a person's only obligation.
I have just invented something: I called it "the Elvisito": a corn tortilla filled with peanut butter and banana. I loved it.
I guess in my case everyone has been talking to my feet...I can't help it though I love my picture! Maybe I will change soon :)
I'll look forward to meeting ..I was telling everyone I could about it today!
exactly. I would like to RT, +1, & 'like' that!
been stand here for 20 mins or so and this girl wont stop singing uh she terrible
Your obstacles only challenge you to surpass your plateau
Madison's dick.
Feeling very inspired to make a subject 'trend' on Twitter. Anybody want to join forces and get on the Twitter homepage?
it's interesting (your model). The badge system actually makes me think of scouting.
Eli Manning and are going to be at the Bridgewater Mall next Sat for the Microsoft store opening 5/19/2012
please follow me id be so happy!! :)
I read about this... 1 year ago... and soad's song is talking about this... it's holy mountains... :D
I bet if I ask most fashionistas and bloggers what the inverted cross meant to them, they'd be like "uhh" or Satan.
Thanks for the great content!
I totally agree! I started reading them while a resident was around..had to stop.
Any students want to intern , a tech start-up in NYC, for the summer? Insider experience and NYC exposure!
I may be in denial, but maybe the headache I've had for a week has absolutely nothing to do with finally developing Austin allergies.
Join my group, Walk East, for the release of our debut cd. Sunday, Jan 29. 4pm. Jerry's in Wicker Park.
"You put the toilet seat down before I put you down!"
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up. Paul Valery
Good night everyone ya estoy muy cansado going to sleep why tomorrow school I like much much study for my future
Mayo needs to leave the 3 pointers to Conley!
It's so funny how boys would rather have a naive, airhead girl instead of a goal oriented young woman.
I'm dropping 9 followers and making my page private in a week and won't be accepting no new followers !!! Them hoes heads gonna be hurting !
Obtaining your online MBA is popular due to its ability to increase your earning potential.
follow me
Once or twice, sure. This blows.
Aww, I Love My Job!!!
fa sho! You going back for graduation? I'll be hitting that too.. If not I'll catch u when I get back..
So far these acts suck.
Thanks! Share it with your friends =)
best tweet I heard about all week "The rapture was postponed due to weather"
My brother Dion is a bumm dude always asking for a dollar lmao
I would like to thank God first and everyone else who came to support and made my birthday a success. 2 many people to name though. love ya
And this is why I love march madness!! Now let's go Detroit, make it 3/4 for the #15 seeds
hahah just saw this. I love it ;)
Just acquired 10 vols. of Thomas Jefferson (complete writings of). Quarter leather. This has gotta be the town for it.
Talking to your child about what she's doing with her toys helps grow vocabulary.
na I kinda like it ;D lol
Be true to thyself.
Unknown~ Fashion is something that goes in one year and out the other.
Small thinkers do not get big breaks.
Call of duty blacks ops 2 is crazy
Or get an alembic... Your choice.
I like your determination for the cause. But, now I'm scared to read anything on Twitter!
You're up early Dharma. How goes your fitness goals?
Tonight! At The Boro Bar & Grill w/ , & 9pm 21+ $5. Support local music!
Life's golden age is when the kids are too old to need baby-sitters and too young to borrow the family car.
You want in on this beta? Email me. RT : We're ready to roll out the scientifically-awesome beta in the next 24 hours!
#MenAtWork looks so stupid.....sorry TBS
“As my coffee cup said this morning, you only regret the things you didn’t do. This cup was made from recycled toilet paper.”
"To share wisdom with someone who is foolish, is to throw the seeds of a flower into a toilet and flush." ~ Elisha Hale
I'm so hungry ! D; bring me food & ill love you forever.
now it's time for a new bio
You cant be petty and be the team leader, the leader sometime's has to take sacrifice's.
Great Cause! Do it.
I'm good how are.?4th of July
Changing how we teach is about producing a different, improved outcome- not a new way or better way to produce the same outcome.
RT : So restaurant week is over today & I didn't go anywhere.. *shrugs*<---me either blame
it's 11:11 and everyone here is still up. , , and my wish is for you to grab a beer with us
I already have the basic story down, so that is when I develop it a bit more…then start on a beat sheet/treatment. This part is (cont'd)
brother stay focused you look great at the Arnold
Nice to meet you too. Tis a great day in our fair area of the country....
Do NOT judge me if you do NOT know me
HUGE Fuse Deck Party: Friday, April 17th. Get calendars ready..more info to come! Free food & drinks.
I love your show. So inspirational and the First Lady is so gracious and kind to the contestants.
You can apply for, shop for and arrange delivery for furniture online, without setting foot in a store. Just ask us how!...
teaching gymnastics!
After biking & running through Edgewater Park/Whiskey Island the past few days, I could never see myself living in a non-waterfront city.
Great season brother. Thought you fought extremely hard tonight.
Nah not tonight... Pretty tired... U know of any?
Sex: the thing that takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.
I am much too nice for my own good. Goodness, I should have seen this one coming.
Where's the love for the UCF students? J/k thanks.
probs the Abbey. We're kinda sucking it up... no cover charge, and honestly, would ANYONE recognize us after three months?
HEAD THROBBING AND AGGERVATED :/ um my split personality is about to emerge in 5 4 3 2....
Had a nice meeting today with Terry about the 6500 S Eberhart Nat'l Register nomination, which I'm now working on.
no offense but i only care about dylan peyton and austin lol
Thanks for the 1.6k. stay sexy guys.
ya sure, we just gotta get the extra passes first
I hope that was a tiny jig. :)
Work time
Can't release my sex tape because an animal was harmed during filming :(
Great job USA!! On to the finals on Sunday!
Having a blast editing pictures with !
You realize you are giving links to the spammers in your blog posts. It's the best PR they can get. Hope you nofollow them
Plz help me spread the word that ima b 30 on 9-29! Let's c if will tweet me a happy 30th! Would b my dream come true ;)
C'mon SAG! RT : Just finished Scorp May 2012 for www.AstrologyZone, now beginning Sagittarius--takes time.May's a great month!
What, you weren't stoked about that live Il Volo album that came today from Geffen? So jaded.
Hello Toby: The video on your site about the widower and the broken camera was amazing.
Loved your talk tonight -- so sorry I had to catch my train #liveinthesticks. Happy to oblige if you want to visit Charcot tmw.
me please? :3
hey lady..everything going ok?
founder Jeremy Brosowsky "compost isn't an end it's a means" at
Thank you for the wireless in the exhibit hall!
voodoo economics. i hope this doesn't wake you but i cant sleep!
Majorly approached once when doing boys! What did they do on the court , they watched the game they know why
no prob bro
#MorningMotivation - We must redefine community success; not by what we dominate, but by the harmony we create. Are you creating harmony?
Feel like punching you but kissing you at the same time. I miss you. I miss us.
The ticket is $118 dollars :)
follow me please? :D
Awww... Takes one to know one! (and you may have meant to brag... Just a little). :-) Thanks again for the yummy food!
Yea me too! And I honestly tried, I even went and stayed a week with him so God saw my efforts and now I'm done!
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when that random white person who tries to act ghetto but fails
Should you expect the right to privacy or is that an and out dated concept?
Glance into the world just as though time were gone: and everything crooked will become straight to you. -Nietzsche
Thanks for the follow, hope you guys/gals are having a great year!
World Peace out here flourishing
Thank you and to you and the family! Has a gift card for there so we must go back!!! :-)
Checking in @ D'Amore's Pizza on Beverly E of Bev Cntr, closest to T-Anthony's in Boston I'm gonna get. Chiklis...you Must Try!
It's a superfine sugar, typically available in the UK. Not as fine as confectioners. U can pulse regular sugar..
If you think your friends are better than mine, you are so wrong
Today's Episode: #momstrosity attempts to pay bills online, but the system starts "to really piss her off" customer service beware!
Just got my wisdom teeth out. That wasn't as bad as I thought... Any suggestions for food?
Wait, is there really an app for that?
Happy Friday everyone!!
Everyone deserves a second chance, i just hope you do right that second time around
Christian is my favorite.
At least two-vehuicle crash on I 90 at stateline has southbound traffic stopped for 6 miles.
RT : Congrats 2 our chapter 4 winning Overall Excellence n Leadership & Programming from National's Chapter Excellence Awards!
I know i spelled his name wrong haha my bad!
probably, we're fat.
#shoutout to the sista that was just driving next to me bumpin 'Whateva Man'
Thx for the follow! Looking for a class for me and my 12 yr old nephew. Anything coming up??
Is in desperate need for some coffee. Anyone cares to join me?
I meant to say ..... FUCK YEAH #KNICKS !
you're such a groupie
aww eff it listen to Buju Banton T>T> WANNA BE LOVED
Hope you're feeling better soon!
And chocolate and handsome, kind men who love us more than their own fears. Yep. That will do just fine.
Kristine, you said months ago that you were resigned & I accepted that then & now; without optimism.
I don't agree w/ that kind of talk. But the hate goes both ways. Calling on fellow republican to do the same would be a start
Watched a kid totally loose his cool over a squirrel & chase it up a tree. A combo of my favorite things: enthusiasm, babies, & squirrels.
Nice! "The Cream of the Crap."
Right after this Rihanna song...be the 8th caller at 222-9800 to win B.o.B. tickets for the Springfest 2012 show at RIT! Good luck!
Cats make me hard...no no no I meant my homework is hard.
Fun fact! Did you know the owner of 1stclassrental is an NYU student? He speaks 5 languages and owns a private VC company in Europe.
Not a clue.
Pleased to make your acquaintance thx for the follow, happy dancing!
i Loved the way you lied last summer,
Rangers are on fire!!!
Programmatically assigning genre terms. Once the book-level dmdSec is assigning by hand then using xquery to add at chapter level dmdSecs
go to too much yea im icy on youtube
all of the conversations that I have seen correlate with the perspective that "transgendered" is obnoxious & offensive.
Thanks!! Tweeting is so collaborative, isn't it?!
When people call someone gay not only are they offending that person but also offending gay people around the world. RT if you
they got the stupidedest shows on tv no days
thank you. We did it quickly, but had a lot of fun doing it. Will do more very soon
Just landed in LA to HAIL
Welcome to our store. We hope you had a nice New Years. Let us know if you have any questions while shopping.
Had a great weekend 2 of our players are soon to sign with Cuyahoga junior college in Cleveland OH 3 others will sign with Clinton Juco
yaaay done science (y)
they turned off all the lights and then they snuck there hahaha
trust me i know
Any MAM1's have their Tracy Company 990 and willing to part with it TODAY?
Because I kno it's the truth
I will not tip toe through life to safely arrive at death. Join Extreme Moms today and start truly living. Extrememoms.org
": The left handed fastball mano ginobli threw last night>>>>" he's awesome. That one makes his career highlights.
NEW Flavors in the line up this week: Cookie Dough Extreme/Red Red Wine/Tropical Pineapple/gf PB Bender/ v Vanilla Bean/gf v Trop Pineapple
AWESOME review! Glad we can keep up with you hooligans
“: I just did a wedding...haven't mitzvah'd yet!!” Let me know when the next wedding is so I can crash it ;)
Romney talks down on politicians who "go from state to state and promise what people want to hear." He needs to youtube himself bad.
My niece a damn thug bruh she over here rappin rick ross tupac back 0_o lol
Still talking teachers and tenure - a question about funding for the blind is forthcoming...
texting my brother :)
yea, ima try, but that probably won't be until like august iif I do
you should switch it to 7. then it would be biblical.
Got a big announcement for you folks tomorrow. Big news! Stay tuned....
ohh stop, no you dont. You're gorgeous bebe!!! Lmao that you did a "comparison photo" wanna retweet it!!!
really da grizzlies supposed 2 be 2-0. da clippers cant beat them folks mane. they just got lucky last game
#fans ...please keep greyson and his family in OK. in ur prayers tonight.
#TebowGotTradedFor A Box of Buttered popcorn and 2 tickets to see the Bobcats !!!
Creativity at its best ;) Let em roll, save the bass for the pipe, stand in command w/ the clan, bow wow
The class act. Dud.
I learned something this weekend. The older you get, the harder it is to look good in a swimsuit...but the easier it is to not care!
My thoughts exactly!
Very cool! Congrats to your friend and have a blast at the wedding!! :)
What an AMAZING day! We had 13 people sign up for the January Focus Training!! We are so excited to see the transformation in these lives!
Ouch... RT : This is a first. Houston Hoops doing the old roll the ball up the floor to save time and they roll it out of bounds
You love me. :D
Swag it out N3RD is the W0rd!!!
translucent powder or MSF?
too much to list!
So proud of you for honoring the victims and survivors today.
Ya u got it.....that might b the thing.....thats why he is the combination of all three of them
ah thanks man. i just changed it.
"The pen is the tongue of the mind." -- Miguel de Cervantes, Spanish novelist, poet and playwright
Some rumors are hilarious. Just Grow Up Yeah?
Saw Case 39....pretty good movie. Any1 else see it yet?
NEW SONG COMING TOMORROW!!!
it's the annual meeting of the continuing education forum, which was hosted in jackson, ms this year.
They r lookn for Friday Frm the Hump Day slot, of crse! LOL
The less you care, the happier you will be.
Yup they still got it!!
i will be there soon to catch #LaSelecta #ElSalvador play on May 23rd
Strangely, we need challenges in order 2grow; w/ growth we wither. Happiness is the bounty 4facing the momentarily unhappy conditions-KCasey
I think a few of my followers are drunk. All of these tweets definitely are out the ordinary for them. Even this late at night.
Chris Christie: Tenacity or Ten Ass City?
I'm really going hard to get into shape. I'm taking my shirt off in 2012 damnit! Beach body grind
if I could retweet this I would!!
Im playing a gig till 11:30 in Austin, missing it but I agree! RT : who ya got? Im going pacman w/ a KO in the 7th
RT Blogger Heather says all PR pros should write their own blogs to know how to relate to bloggers they pitch.
We were. Sorry for the late reply!
Damn. Just realized what day it was xD
Good question. Some of it is natural. A lot a result of crossing the fine line of minutiae that do/do not need visual rep.
Easy 6 miler today. Out easy. Tried to pick it up a bunch on the way back. Need to run a few races soon.
Ah, thanks again.
The weather here is good to be outside yeah
Time to get a new UPS for my computer. Mine died last night in a fit of screeching rage.
Enough with the cutesy-chubby sidekicks, 3D animation studios.
I, Jake Simpson, am now being followed by I can now die complete. Or at least go to Resyk relatively happy.
I'm fine thanks, sorry for the late reply I was packing and getting ready. <U+2665>
am cool wat abt u wat r u up to
BLACK being the operative word ": #TedNugent has agreed to plead guilty to transporting a black bear he illegally killed"
My Computer Virus Removal service is only $100, best price in town!
Just tapped boulevard chocolate ale and rogue chocolate ..... And we've got whiskey pants playing at 5!!!!
Hella late but Happy birthday to that man Drake. #GOODARTIST s/o
Digital gains lift Sun-Times past Tribune in weekday circulation - Chicago Tribune
wow so many tweets for me. you guys are the best. it sucks that i cant get back at everyone but i will do my best. Love you all.
just heading to school i just hit my head on the roof of the car though :p what about you?
For real tho! RT : #ChrisBrown needs to create a workout DVD.
let's get it ! WAR the #mohrstories!
Back to reality...
i've been parking outside for years and I just got one of those too. What the hell, right?
a proper bikini wax
Guilty pleasure is watching "I'm on a Boat" - believe me when I say I f*cked a mermaid. Classic.
Reading about Mexico's popular hero, Superbario in Lucha Libre reminds me of a certain #SheboyganNorth high school sophomore summer trip!!
Thank you , you rule!
- Welcome Sandra! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Hey, it's Claires friend Tia. I was just gonna ask y'all to #PrayForClaire she is in the hospital and they rn't sure if she is gonna make it
Off work. Dr. Appts, here I come.
Thanks Adam! :-) RT : Really digging the new look.
I swear Miami would be unbeatable if they had a real gaurd who could run the pick N roll...Steve Nash to Heat?
“: Hey North Carolina your bans suck as much as your BBQ does.” Agreed. On both counts.
Meanwhile, HBK was a HORRIBLE referee.
hi you should move to tennessee
Feeling energized after our monthly library metrics meeting. Yes, I said metrics and energized in the same sentence.
everything ok over there? The iphone app showed me no albums in my collection then kicked me out and won't let me back in!
was just going to retweet that
I do not know much about ballets, but they tell me they are very good, and I know that some of their music is very beautiful. [1944]
Texas Chainsaw Massacre wit da main b!tch-
Its my life and my decisions so leave me alone about him...
I respect DennisMelcher ThurstonOhman MrsBowl and MrHobbs for always wanting the best for their student and athletes
Well I screwed up bigg timmeee...:/. Dont text please. Not in the mood to talk to anybody.
Make sure you do your research and never accept the first offer you receive
probably! Guess I just wasn't expecting it...
RT : RT : Guerrilla soldiers use unorthodox tactics. Gorilla soldiers are awesome.
first-snow-of-the-season tweet!
“: where is my mommiey ?”
Do you like Newt?
lol yea Vegas is pretty dry lol
Everybody think they know basketball....
Davis's party was funn:) except i'm thinking that I found my true friends. obviously some of the others there were bothered by my presence.
We Got Our Pads Today , Once Again My Pads Is Huge !
11 to be exact!
We don't need tents, we should ask for trailer homes instead. As someone put it, the people in tents will be homeless soon
Is Home
Screw this morning! I wanna start over,Im still sleepy!
#CF be free, be strong, be long. Never stop.
Paint a vulgar picture
Thank you California, for showing the nation a good example of what it means to be prepared for disasters! Utah, too! Great preparedness!!
CHECK OUT LATEST DESIGNS.. LINK.. SUPPORT.. MIAMI STAND UP..
you better be puffin whil you watch that shit
i wanna meet whats on the schefule for today?
Your main bitch < my new hoe.
Happy mother day to all the moms out there!'<3 (:
OMG A BUG JUST FLEW INTO MY EYE!
Happy 2012 to you all!!
It's awesome-time in my #turntable.fm dj booth! Playing some poppy global beats by
sounds good!
Win$tar was fun with made some money!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
What a Great Rainy start to Sunday
Problem solved. I am starting my new job tomorrow, no more delay.
#Santorum: "Radical feminists undermined the traditional family & convinced women that professional accomplishments are the key to happiness
Thanks so much & for this great conference on key ingredients to open a restaurant!
Home after a fun and productive couple of days in Salt Lake City - can't wait to go back for 2012! Now, to readjust to EST...
note to #fresh12 team: the streaming video has been superb on this #event. am loving
A person who has had a bull by the tail once has learned 60 or 70 times as much as a person who hasn’t. ~Mark Twain
#USAToday Headline: Three More out at Secret Service. How many #hoes were they tappin' in Colombia!?
I hate it when I trip and fall into a life boat. Happens all the time.
fine I'll stick to cunt and pussy for now
Doctorow's thesis: "There are only computers."
Cal's 400th went to section 74. I was sitting in section 76.
Yes we are! :) Lots of fabulous women here!
GOP/TeaP we do not want to live in the 18th Century. It is the 21st Century. Get real or go away.
#offline. OCD needs their top alpha. Ciao!
Huntsman: "We're going to bounce back, we're going to do just fine. It's going to be because we as Americans join hands"
drawsome! See you in Hawaii!? :)
Thanks! i gave them permission to use it!
Happy Birthday to a great American and grill master,
I dunno, I hear things....if not, no big deal. It's not like I don't have anything to play haha.
starting to get bored with the stupid politics at these nightclubs in nyc. i should just move to cali:)
#CMchat question: When was the last time you sat parked in your car & couldn't get out because it "held" you?
Imagining if we were apart for months...Smh...couldn't do it.
Got cynical about tv tonight..if you leave candles burning the house might burn down. Come on people.
Better early than late..
When your climbing up a ladder and you ass begins to splatter.
Such a good day :)
My dog died today . Omg crying .
knowledge, no administers or classified employees have received pink slip nor has there been any pay decreeses for admin...
ppl @ my skool r saying tht the world will end tomorrow...is tht true? pls reply ur response!!!!
this is true. You're for Romney?
DJ CUT aka "The King of Albuquerque" spinning Top 40, Hip Hop, old school and RnB! Drink specials all night long !
And we're back! Thanks to our hosting company, Host Gator, for their quick response! Go check out those weekend picks now... :)
Definitely a hot one today Remember to check on elderly & children
Event 4/20 : Zahid Chaudhary, "Sympathetic Mimesis: Famine Photography & the Reproduction of Affect," 5pm, Bryan Hall Faculty Lounge
Very interesting
#808Pride GIRL tell him i said to kiss it cause he aint worth ur time nvm that tell him2put a ring on it!!!
Man, Nicki Minaj is everything wrong with music. Absolutely awful in every way.
Richmond Public Library book sale today. Need to stock up on old copies of Future Shock for the paperback fort I'm building.
Politics is no exact science.
Americans bring the funk[tioning democracy]
When a child or youth has discipline issues, they normally arent being shown attention or love at home.
Utah, Omaha, Gold, Juno, Sword
I had a delightful time, too! Thank you for the conversation and just being a wonderful person all around! :)
Installed R because it runs the stat model I need, but that's one nerdy piece of software.
I'll just let the Internet do its thing on this tweet.. Take it away twitter.
thanks for reading about the #kindness party (: Hope you join us!
ha! Classic. But you love it!!
in my e-40 voice# i don't wanna be ya man i'm only here for a one night stand
then dont believe me .
Late replies<<<< it really takes you 4-5 hours to respond...oh solid-__-
Tune in to tonight to hear Folk Traditions, featuring Martinu's Duo for Vln/Vla, Dvorák's Op. 48, and Smetana's Czech Dances.
hahaaa we'll see. The ladies in my fam have been blessed with tremendous metabolism though
Re-tweet this Milwaukee Locals - Subscribe for FREE to GoCity Mobile text alerts - TEXT GoCity to 84444 to join GO!
I love you all thank you so much!
the awkward moment when you meet a guy and you start flirting and then you find out he's gay..... <<<<<<
Drunk city.
Good day to spend time in line at #Nats Park in CF plaza
idk why my twitter keep unfollowin people !
I can't spell. Blekko. RT : Anyone use Blekko before? I've heard good things from other journos.
Supt Ray: Regardless if color, kids act out when the lessons designed are not working. Not a color issue. Applause.
You don't think it is? Judging by that show for his announcement I figured that was a given.
I will have something later tonight.
Enjoy. Riding, that is.
#1DAY ! RT if you know what its for(;
You can, but you have to start the thread on the posting of the item when it hits the group. Going to be better soon.
whats going down people, Caliburr will be performing January 16th, at Club 6 in San Fransisco, hit us up for tickets, $10 each
Schneiders Bakery in Westerville are pretty boss!
Oh where....is my hairbrush?
thanks shayla!! xo
Im so booooredd.
great meeting you! thanks for showing us your 7inch tablet. Got some fixing to do :)
#gtchat #errolmorris for my 9th graders - Don't forget
i love getting ur goodmorning tweets everyday on my phone (: RT? <3
Thanks for the RT!
Perfect Sunday in Seattle?? /Belltown: 10am Spin + 11am Flow Yoga : 10am Beginner Yoga with Trudy
I can tell u its true she never cheats on prep
I have so many reasons to not wanna go to my game...
I'd be for that, so long as cars pay proportionately for their use/damage to roads (per-mile tax, etc).
Melissa McCarthy just nominated for an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor for Bridesmaids! Yes!!!!
Zephyr Lynne Foster, 2002-2012. We said goodbye today to the most wonderful dog, always patient and caring, even in her final days.
alright, good night. that rhymes
Got to chop it up with Jeff Phelps and Campy after the #Cavs game, too bad we lost by 70.
HAHA did I leave out the @? Sheesh
RT : RT : That moment when Louis sings 'harder' in Moments is better than my whole existence.
I heard they're what colored kids do, I dunno, don't hang around em for that reason
Jessica Korda wins first LPGA title. Projected to jump from 285th to 30th in the world ranking, sixth youngest winner in LPGA Tour history
Thanks very much Autumn
watch the attitude katy perry.
Listening to replay of 9th inning of #White Sox game. Perfect game but announcer Ed Farmer makes me so happy we have
Is it one kiss or 3 kisses?
Supies with Erin
Yeah that's gotta be true. This one got better reviews than others but it's pretty much a shithole.
lol she did though ha and I will talk to my AP thanks for the advice!
I will call it a woefully inadequite portrait of Geny. To say the least she is the greatest thing that ever happened to me in my life
Beautiful unexpressed love… that is what is waiting deep inside each of you. Jennifer Starlight
So that property law makes more sense, I drink the bitter cup of heroism before class.
good luck the errands today. Last night's talk about CA songs w/ has me researching the best ones on train.
#InOurGeneration People vote for someone "cause he's black".
lets go LIONS!!! It's not over till it's over... I believe!!!
Pooh over here acting a fool!
No. im not going to wish karma on you. I dont think you'd be able to handle the shit you dish out
That's pretty dang good. I probably wouldn't be able to learn to play it in 3 years. LOL
It's heart breaking that an Ohio 10-yr old admitted shooting his mom to death. The weapon was a Christmas gift.
That is great, Jeff! Have you noticed any increase in traffic or subscribers since moving to Thesis?
Your advertising support of Rush Limbaugh is beyond unfortunate. Please clarify your position and hold Limbaugh accountable.
#HCG Tip! Some cuts of steak are better than others. The best are filet mignon, flank steak, top round, top sirloin & tenderloin.
thanks for submitting to us! Hope you enjoy the issue.
This a good game!!
When you get a run in your tights <<<<<
Thank you for all your hard work! I really appreciate it!
Director Eric Bricker tonight at Design Within Reach, Flatiron Store, 903 Broadway at 20th St.
Hotel booked in Hell's Kitchen
On the phone with Shaq.
What? It's not like we were going to embroider a cat on the tote bag! Please.
I'm a huge fan! Your vanilla bars have been a game changer! Happy National Heart Health month!
Mortenson says playing Pro Bowl game is on life support at best, probably done. Good riddance.
And I told him that a "whore is when your shoes come untied" so who told him what a whore was and who's discussing the bible with my son?
“: So proud of my son a champion to his core!!”//thank you thank you.
I love technology :)
Diana Sawyer tossed it immediately to the new ModFam. Now they're playing the last 10 min of the Cam's mom epi.
due to weather issues in Las Cruces, NM the #WAC Softball Tourney format will be updated, no game 6 today, will be moved to tomorrow
Looks like I'm going home today
Tonight on 10 Late Edition: A new ruling in Urbandale over store signs gives retailers hope for the holidays!!
Great to see you yesterday! Thanks for helping us with Harvest Dinner. We appreciate you.
have aztecs shown interest in elijah brown?
I need to go to bed.
RT: I'm not anti-social, I just think you suck.
also like sweet jeanius on Facebook for menu!!
Gotta say I love my life, my friends that I actually have, my respected family that actually loves me, my future is bright and my past good.
Worries go down better with soup. ~Jewish Proverb
When you #love yourself, you don't settle for less ;)
It's a good thing no one else is working upstairs today - I would be the only one enjoying this karaoke party.
it's Super Bowl Sunday! How about Sunday after next?
lol RT : 2 seasons into Sons of Anarchy & it has made me want 1) a motorcycle 2) a stockpile of guns & 3) leather & lots of it
So tired :/
it's hard to talk to someone when you feel like they don't care #mehhh :(
oh okay, where can we see some of your work?
I must look like Cinderella sweeping the driveway&sidewalk b/c everyone stopping&starting.. Don't act like y'all don't do it, I've seen it..
Never was one to think long term until now. That's not to say I never thought about it but.... Just not like this. I need a life. I need
Sure sign that Spring is near - saw picnic tables being delivered to a snowball stand today.
could be a pro bowl special teams punt return wide out/TE trick play guy, pryor ??? Thoughts
Thanks alot Jerry! :] sorry just been promoting like a mutha fucka. :]
Why? Cuz I'm listening to the crazy happy bouncy music? :D
Dear bring back the old Field Chopped Chicken Salad. Show me the power of social media!
... The hit-and-run was on the 13th not yesterday. I know I know, but facts are cool too. Terribly tragic.
So hard to decide what color my blog should be. All of the themes are so pretty!!
Happy easter everyone! gotta go find my eggs in the morningg haha jk
its my favorite book ever. Hands down.
Just more of your dat-to/day lives! Love you all!: What would everyone like to see on a future SW episode? The Browns would li
hey do you think there's any utility for the in an alpine skiing environment?
Worried about Pedro's jherri curl catching fire. Love me some Pedro. #justletyoursoulglow RT Pedro Martinez hates attention.
hahahahaahah ME TOO!!! Can't wait to see you!!!
no problem!(:
If we were to start selling some DAB merch, would you guys buy it? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Carl Gottlieb and I sold the book, "The Little Blue Book for Filmmakers." It is workbook for writers, actors, directors and producers.
End of semester 1 folks! Congrats to all...we made it! Now, let's party!
What makes me sick is that you don't have the courage of your convictions. Either stand behind your words, or don't bother.
Let’s go take a walk. How lucky we are to be born! The journey is such a beautiful one, from cradle to grave.
crap wrong account lol
Congrats to Future Hall of Famer Jim Thome on career homerun #600!
when is the new website due out?
I'd like to see the production. Wonder if they'll release a DVD/Blu-ray...
Teen booster for meningococcal vaccine very important! Gives significant increase in protection 3-5 yrs after shot.
Monette Marino-Keita plays for my dance class in San Diego when she is not touring the world. www.tribalenergycardio.com
Thanks for your help! Hopefully we can add to the family
RT i would pay real money to get rid of FB timeline.>>>How about just get rid of Facebook?
Math homework..
The Hilton San Diego Resort & Spa is undergoing an extensive property renovation.
" Be patient, because when that time comes, it will come on time."
my use of would be significantly limited anyway because of the carseat factor. Don't see being car-free happening now
you're saying you'll buy me the $500 copper kitchen aid mixer I registered for?! Mike, that's so sweet!
I wish my eye wasn't broke...
those feet were into shoes before shoes were cool
You must establish your season by speaking it.
RT : Damn the prius c gets 53 miles a gallon.. I need to re-evaluate my vehicle situation right now-->2 much Pride!!
We had a great time playing Richmond over the weekend. Thanks Lobo Marino, , and for helping make it happen!
Typos are what #NaNoWriMo is all about!! :P
Let us rejoice in his love, that pervades the whole universe - subtle as the sunlight, life-giving as the air. (1850)
you cant even do that cause your locked up thing. Lol
Omg I LOVE her eyes :)
Total recall reboot w/ colin farrel is actually happening. Dream casting = charlie sheen as kuato.
Hey! DJs! Play our shit! Then tell us about it!
The problem with it is I ALWAYS get the hardest test out there. That's unfair to me. If I fail, I'm blaming it all on NC for their ignorance
need to shave my head Veronica Ely where are you to help!.
I may be sad but I'm not weak .
Finally the semester is over.
Divided States of America: President approves of gay marriage. But 31 of 50 States have adopted constitutional bans against it.
Don’t miss your three favorite magazines, , and together in booth #634 next week !
People gone talk so fuck it, let'em. Its not about what they call you, its what you answer too that matters. Remember that!
Evidently a slip n slide is a huge amount of fun for parents who are stressed out after a long busy day
That's a cool way to spend the year. More people should embrace your 2012 philosophy—myself included.
am and he is We both gotz Little in our name just sayin
Just watched The Help - so THAT'S what all the fuss was about. Flawless filmmaking.
possibly.. I've got some big school projects I can only work on at school during the next few days; I'll hafta see how far I get
Bout to go route for one of my home teams lets go WIZ<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
You're welcome! Also, saw your blog. LOVE the Ashley Judd piece. I've been on Prednisone too. People need to BACK OFF of her.
About to do this work out call #insanity legoo
T? yes! don't you think, Jack? RT : Barcelona? I wanna go too!! Esp if Mikey's paying! :)
I went to my first roller derby bout. Ever been? I strongly suggest it!
Preamble doesnt mention Church. must prove "obligations to our Divine Lord" entail prohib. of gay marriage
Its like this every morning
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 49
Going to Dairy Queen with katie. gonna get mocha moo lattes
well I'm sure california is better than detroit anyday
now i am going to rest, food makes ya want to sleep.
Was it a flying black squirrel? #toosoon?
<3 thanks a gazillion email was sent!
and that's why they was some pussy ass fights.. Go to Orlando shit way live
Unless I have a comment, or I am unsure of the source, I prefer to RT the original tweet, as opposed to adding an "RT" without comment.
Did u know you can "like" a Fbook page via text? Just text "like PacePresents" to FBOOK (32665) to try it out! Tell your own fans to do it!
I think that deserves a :D and a high five!
The origin stories ate great. Are you reading Avengers vs X-Men?
Me to Obama: "Mr President I'd rather shrink the size of my own d*ck than shrink the size of our military".
Have fun! Glad to see you are living the dream. Tell "what's up"
#ICantStandPeople Who Fuck Too Many Ppl In One Day!
Another kennedy dead ?
lame guidelines
With lockouts, college f'ball still havin a mythical champ,& college b'ball void of past talent, are we in 1 of the worst sports eras ever?
prfct msg by today. we r told by God to share good news thru faith & DEEDS: do not be timid--witness bravely.
#MXpresidentialDebate Quadri to AMLO: ... you should had invested in public transit, I'm for the toll (EdoMex priv funded 2nd floor hwy)"
Dont limit investing to the financial world. Invest something of yourself, and you will be richly rewarded.
Didn't say they're ALL dead, or that all committed suicide, but 3 out of 6 are dead.
Thank you for spreading the word and being part of the revolution :)
People who scared of the truth<<<<
Ron Paul : Preaching the 'Gospel of Liberty'. Amen. #tcot #NBCfbdebate Don't worry, Ron - we already know you are.
Reverse food commods market deregulation: FAO head
thanks for the mention!
Q: What's another name for pickled bread? A: Dill-dough.
Wish you could have it after work--I'd definitely join!
Thanks girl sorry I didn't get back to ya sooner! Hope your day was great
I'm going with: Rock, Undertaker, CM Punk... you?
is enjoying Tuesday in sunny Iraq - ready for TOP 3 shift tonight. Welcome back Weed!
:P What r u insecure about ?
Uncanny valley - One neighbor's yard is lush green With pea soup lawn die.
Okay. Okay. All hail me.
Here we go with the new timeline design - ready or not.
Hug your brother and sister it's National Siblings Day!
I rely on my network 2 keep me posted & hold me accountable, thx 4 doing both...BTW I also love the #arts & follow sports too
Happy Friday! please visit our website www.opalgroup.net to see a list of our upcoming conferences.
I know. I graduate next Saturday. CW is trying to get me to have a party or dinner, but I'm just not feeling it.
completely DONE w/ him...never wanted you...never needed you...better off without him. #startingover ;)
I've recently reviewed - Enterprise PC Backup. It's a solid solution that addresses the problem in a very innovative & elegant way.
I'd be concerned too but oh well, can't wait to see the best sister ever later!!!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers.
#RHOA #Kim could've really kept that show...cause I'm not here for it!
why you got a password anyways
thankyou so much for coming out to Australia, you were amazing, blew my expectations out of the water! Safe trip home :)
RT Driving to Southampton. ETA 6:04 PM using Waze - Drive Social
It's either get married or go to jail
Pray positive Stay Alert. #laughter sounds great
Man I HATE the caps. We need to how up in game 7.
hi TJ, what are you up to? School today right?
i wish i could go earlier but because of school i'm leaving at 5 and yes i am actually :) i really wanna help out and stuff.
hey every one ,JCWESTERN, is having HUGE SALE in both stores call for more info on are 50%OFF SALE at561-748-8801will ship any where in USA
much respect homie!
my life is really improving now that my phone's wallpaper photo is samuel beckett wearing shorts
this is truth and w/o confrontation there is no resolution but all have to participate to achv reso
Listening to the #Borderlands soundtrack while returning materials to the vaults at work makes life so much more exciting.
Did u heck out Sticker Mule
We are partnering with Central City Concern in to bring free dental care to veterans, #Portland #StandDown Fair, Convention Ctr.
Who is ready for a FAT WOW headliner ? who else do you wanna see on the bill?
Hate that I missed last night... Looked like a great convo!
I hope it be hot in Michigan when I come
good job!
Getting ready for the Glastonbury (CT) On the Green Fine Art & Craft show this weekend - booth 55A!
how did u do that?
well veteran gasol not helping at all. Laker fan but not really a good team. Okc might sweep them.
Just got a molar removed!
Just heard speak and do a great town hall meeting at the #whitehouse for the annual conference
i'll add that to the menu...
Wonder why ratings down 18%. Lots of complaints on the internet.
RT : TV remote lost in my sheets <<
Claudia, did you dye your hair back brown?
Everything I own is pink.
I really want to get drunk. o;
those shoes cost 1500....lucky me is dark in here
If you see hear a door quietly closing and/or see your list of Followers declining, it might be me. Better Follow back before it's too . . .
Awww #RIP Thomas Kinkade. Now lifetime/hallmark will be playing that cheesy movie about your life.
...and a dozen assholes in downtown Seattle play up to the media & help set back the acceptance of civil discourse 40 years. Thanks assholes
Kiwi's are Rich in vitamin C, antioxidant, enzymes and fiber; also vitamin A and E, phosphorus, magnesium, potassium and copper.
i can't wait to the stickam :)
I tied for first in the egg hunt!
#chillday gym later..
We're currently experiencing problems with our API key signup process. We'll have it back up shortly.
Omg i'm apart of the f**king TeenNavy !!! #Winning ;)
Hope u are enjoying your Svelte shakes from the pick-me-up drop off last week ! Can't wait to hear what u think!
Good to know. Thanks!
This whole web design and figuring out how to blog about my personal life? Not as much fun as you'd think. Back to the fiction.
OHMYGOSHHH my parents had me scared i did something on the way from school, told me to go in my room and there was a PUPPY. FINALLY<3
The average person feels the need to have chips or sweets while watching TV, I prefer a couple pickles. XD
Hi Devin - Thanks for the follow. I'll check out your trailer.
hope u feel better,and I didn't ask him
He is awful! How in the world did he get hired?
Having a first & last name with an equal amount of letters. >
Ellis sets Faulkner down for the first out.
did you send us your first tweet to us? nice!
you're the best!!! <3
Thank you very much. Please know I don't speak other languages, but I will try ;) Enjoy the weekend
RT : Check hashtags #1khomesVA and #RVA today, Tuesday and Wednesday to keep up on Richmond registry week. Go team!
Watch a movie or go for a run? Im leaning towards a run...something is wrong with me
This is all so perfect I actually really want this to happen so much :(((
I just wanted to make sure you were aware that Andre Miller passed Mo Cheeks for 10th on the All Time Assists list tonight
2cor2:14 thanks be to God, who always leads us in triumphal procession, and through us spreads the fragrance of knowledge of him...
Oh that dollar menu?
Get the HEAT Players in foul trouble... C'MON Let's be MORE AGGRESSIVE #KNICKS !
Have you purchased your tickets for Friday's Country Comedy Tour?! If not go to our website or come to the box office open 9-5pm!
Do tell!
can't wait for #LetsBeAnimals April 26!!!
And she told me she loved me, and she gave me my money back
It is impossible to eat an apple quietly.
I can't wait for Christmas break! 5 more days!
We KNOW standardized tests = lousy predictor of student success - see Daily Beast for a disgusting example of cheating from Michelle Rhee.
Front Desk Thurs: Question of my day - "Why is the Arctic Circle so important?"
I feel like I haven't been on here in some months & it's only been two days lol
But u stay calling my phne from different #'s bc I wnt answer urs
stay focused superstar
My salad for lunch is missing one key ingredient which would make it perfect. Donuts.
Todays location! Sunset and Valley View! See you there, and if not have a great weekend!
thank you for the app! Free to chat sometime?
how u and the baby?
Will just declared this the "best day ever"...since he got to see & play with the boys!! :)
What can unions do for sex workers?
Apparently, someone left the door open and Monday sneaked in. Again.
Still a headcase & has yet to have a good outing “: Don't understand the Parra hate. RT : scary we rely on Parra”
You're cute.
I'll let you know when I get organized with it.
Got it. Props to madukes for regulating. Don't have to go out for Celtics or Rangers. That's a win.
I'm your girlfriend..is that not enough to make you happy? :(
Just woke up from sleeping all day. Back listening to QuadJacks again. Would be ready to play but thanks to the DOJ that won't happen. :(
how about the Ghoulish Gallop in October?
Branding tip: What makes you unique as an artist? Can you consistently deliver that your fans?
Thank you CBM, took this pic on our Bermuda cruise this week :)
Cheating, lying, boozing, crying. All things that make great songs and episodes of
you're welcome. good luck today!
Latest album from my youth that I am now repeatedly listening to whenever I drive somewhere in my car: Depeche Mode's 'Black Celebration.'
Uuummmmmmmmmm I'm sorry just because I compliment you does not mean I'm hitting on you psh!!!!!! #SMH!!!!
Congrats to all the athletes signing today. Good luck at your next stop
Jeez. $SPAH just going and going and going. Interesting action there.
THERE ARE SO MANY GOOD TV SHOWS ON RIGHT NOW! We are turning into crazy cat ladies.
There's always something in the works, but nothing huge right now. Mostly travel, reality and commercials!
you ok?
R.I.P RMS Titanic
Work is so slow .. what am I here for ?!?
all niter...atleast i broke it up wit a skate
Im making moves
Ice storm in New Hampshire. Power is out for many residents. Our area seems lucky compared to other towns in the area.
Eucharist at today: pastor stands at the altar as the congregation calls out their favorite Jesus stories. Cue tears.
Is your business/company having an anniversary? 8 or less, 2 or more... we are offering complimentary service to 2 businesses
The John Edwards trial reads like a trashy novel...
Congrats to #JackBlack for picking the winning #KentuckyDerby horse based on his favorite phrase... "I'll Have Another"
Therapist has space to share, across the road from Old Town, hub zone dm if interested
suck it up. I belive in you. Plus if it was tough love, I'd be there yelling it to you and not be in school lol
Back in Dallas in war room ...time for 5 special ESM clients to find a home..r brooks, j chapman, Kelcie McCray, lionel smith & Mario Louis
I will be drinking manhattans later though so that's good
TY for the RT! Lets spread good food news!
Off to El Sap for some taco's guadalajara.
Don't worry about tomorrow. Whatever you need, God will provide you with. If you ask in faith believing, God will fill your needs.
Let us be your Bulk Mail handling service provider. 505-899-3104
Yeah,I agree. If priv. is brought up irrelevantly just to discredit someone without addressing her arg., it's priv. baiting.
today got up from a dream about an commercial in which was break-dancing; it was the most hilarious commercial ever
+ = my new favorite Sportscenter duo.
but much:O
Wow, just realized between ShopDiscover, regular Discover cashback and Expedia Elite Rewards, getting 8% back on Expedia travel packages :)
sista, i hear ya! sometimes there is no time to come up for air! yes, the 22nd of may it is! looking forward to it!
Missed the first half of this Arsenal/Spurs game. That RVP goal was a beaut
“: It's time to let two people have a relationship without a third opinion.”
.. Leah we need to catch up you up on my life!
One call does it all. See for yourself (310) 801-1868!
Wife casting her ballot now. Reminds me, please vote for if you live in D.7
More powerful than two Cleopatras...
Dark Shadows was slow but Helen Bonham Carter got drunk a lot, so that's fun.
adorable ..thanks!
Thank you to all our fans! 2012 New Years Countdown has over 850,000 fireworks shot off so far and there's still 16 days left til 2012!!!
Happy Mothers Day to my two bestfriends & the best mothers eevarrr!!!
Just so you know Bella , xxbcnxx is me Johnny M. Xoxo
or even carrier pigeon would have worked
I'm not extremely far but I'm not close at all either :/. I live dead in the middle of the country -_-
I need to make it to 900 followers... help me out!!!
arvo2010: Assessment of Macular Recovery Time After Photostress by Foveal L-Cone Dark Adaptation in... - Michael J Byrnes, May 3, D683
i need a cuddle buddy to stay up with me all night & watch movies.
do you have any interests in selling touch screens for assistive purposes?
Aloha! RT : Want to be one of the first to say 'Aloha' to as she lands in Hawaii. Have a great time, Gray!
FOLLOW _____ _______ he has an AMAZING voice!!!!!!______________!!!!!!!!!!!!
Omg!!! Season finale of #GossipGirl is going to be ridiculous!!!
Hella time to kill before prom!
I popped a blood vessel in my eye ):
#middlefingerup to Cancer, and people who believe beauty is only on the outside
Our monthly give away contest starts April 1st for Twitters followers. All you have to do is Retweet this message and you are entered !
I hope that you will achieve in your goals and wishes in 2012. Have a happy, healthy, peaceful fruitful and creative new year!
I have no friends lol
Thanks to everyone who came to the KJAY Christmas party tonight! Fun times & great company!
I heard the same. We should really discuss going to a show sometime.
I hate being here right now
your on a goosby tweet streak
Can't wait to see everyone, all purtied up and all!!
S/O to Kenny Johnson! New Asst Coach @ Indiana. Great dude, great coach...will continue to do great things. Best to Doreen and the boys..
Hi - AWESOME job on SNL - glad you're on a comeback: Can u bring back your red hair?
Even stoners can raise awareness #STOPJOSEPHKONY2012 begins on the night of 4/20
i'm currently reading this masterpiece call ART OF WAR by Sun Tzu about life on how to strategize without a doubt.
We are trying it out this time - see howit goes and how much time we have to actually send tweets. Should be interesting...
3 to go and you'll know.
congrats on the game frat! 06!
in sac bumpin my boy #actfoolish Yea yeah!!!
"Community health centers need the moral and financial support of people in WA state." - Dr. Julian Perez
Office work up in the Bowling Alley all day then working behind the counter at 6. Come say hi! Mission Bowling Club 17th & S. Van Ness.
Man - live it up. It's all down hill after 25! Haha...
I want to move to MI ayyo...
was that suppose to go to me? Lol
Hope you are having a beautiful first of March day!!!
GEE, YOU THINK?? @ aclupa #PAHouse GOP leader Turzai says hb 1077 (#ultrasound b4 #abortion) going back to cmt due to medical concerns.
Another night all alone....
How about a taste explosion of the McCafe Mango Pineapple Real Fruit Smoothie to top off a great day?
cover letter, cover letter, resume, twitter. resume, cover letter, wine. cover letter.
Education is the transmission of civilization
&larr; Very Nice Digital Clock DVR Protect Your Family
Honeycrisps are so juicy right now!
ugh i wish i lived in NY!!!! how is the photoshoot??? im guessing no AUSTREAM today???? :( LOVE YOU!!! <3
You will be missed- more fun events to come! Have fun in Florida and hope to meet you soon!
#SomeFactsAboutMe I was always late, until I got a ! Now I always know what time it is.
Caroline Davis is #killingit with the Patricia Barber band at the Green Mill. Seriously.
I think Hollie is better than Jessica. It's just my opinion on personal music taste.
We both desperately want to hold this marriage together but how, when we do not have the right tools to work with TOGETHER
When shit start ta get realer>>>>>
I'm happy to see you still around..thought you had vanished. BTW Nice Pictures :)
Sounds good—looking forward to meeting you.
I'm glad you and the kids are enjoying it. She's such a sweet mama, flying off when I come up to take pics.
please follow me! i love you so much! <3 i'm YOUR BIGGEST FAN! I'M NOT GONNA STOP TIL HE FOLLLOWSSS! <33333333
Sleepy.... Ready for tomorrow!.
Life certainly has its ups and downs, but I'm enjoying the ride Hope you are enjoying this awesome spring-like day.
wow, i have a poo, bookie, boo boo, pookie bear, baby mama, mo mo, wookiewoo AND a wifey...........lmao, n NO im not gay, these r my GURLZ
Happy birthday to poet and City Lights founder Lawrence Ferlinghetti!
I need some Chinese food really badly.
By plucking her petals, you do not gather the beauty of the flower. ~Rabindrath Tagore
“The key to change… is to let go of fear.” – Rosanne Cash
Hey everyone today at BDW we have The GREEN CHILE CHEESE BURGER med fry and coke for 7.50 for lunch and dinner
really?! Where? Thought they, being MLB, gave up on that policy?
YW, I think it was in someplaces!
sounds like a wonderful day.
His mind shrinks away if he hears only the echoes of his own thoughts and finds no other inspiration. - Pearl S. Buck
-right now
The more jaded the better!
Thanks and last night's Civility & The Press discussion. You were both awesome.
Studies showed the 18-25 age group didn't mind interruptions from tagged videos -
It seems like the closer I'm getting to you, you start to back away...
I feel like poop. My tummy hurts...
": "Preach not calmly and quietly as though you were asleep, but preach with fire and pathos and passion." - C.H. Spurgeon"
People who keep the tags on their clothes
im chilling in terget :)
UK VS KU ON MONDAY NIGHT.
appreciate it! Thanks!
Finished up a great workout in #KC. On the road to #Omaha. Working out my guys from Central. Back to Lincoln this evening
Got to the BA before Einsteins opens. I wish I was a morning person
": dont worry baby it is and thank you so much. ur cute and charming *blushing*" what's up baby girl...
I'm tipsy. U r lucky I got the first name right
playing for a group therapy session for #Vets with PTSD today at the Sepulveda Vets Center. , ,
I'm in st Louis ): can't go.
#HappyBirthday 2 Me If You Wish Me A #HappyBirthday Ill Give A S/O.
Dont like this feeling
please teach me! aparently, i need help!
Create a district 21st Century logo- shared by Jeff Weaver UA schools
ctfu foul RT: Ctfu“: S/0 to all the moms thats gonna dump there children an go out tonight”"
Mortgage Facts: Discount points
Hyflex principles alternatives, equivalence, reuse, accessible
The markets seem spooked by the debt ceiling deal! Could this be a fakeout?
"The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness." John Muir
What a festival! It was hard to find time to tweet because of all the great music one after the other, so amazing!
Evil is a point of view. ANNE RICE, Interview with the Vampire
told u lol
season three sums it up
I hate ugly fat nosey women who stare at me
haha, apparently so! But we're not supporting the same team - go !
SWV new song Cosign kinda fits, but again not v sexy... more upbeat
do you personally think he should have been fired?
Not sure I agree with my brain on that, but I'm comfortable, and I do like the colors. So, stripes-and-plaid-y I'll stay. :)
I have really bad headaches too. I know what u are goin thru. I just wanna lay in dark pillow over my face type ish whn I get 1
Ipads & Kindles are cool, but I love the smell & feel of real books.
the libraries have at least one copy! Or we can meet up & talk more about it :)
"Hey! George Lopez up to bat now!"
cause if you walk away, I know I'll fade cause there is nobody else
Why is it dat everytime a concert come to town its like 27 «official» after parties C.T.S people IJS
lol @ how these kids think they're ghetto listening to get low. no.
Of all the inspirational sidewalk chalkings on campus, the one that makes me smile says "Get f*cked"
Samples at Costco for lunch >
It's #FF reply to this if you want a #FF shoutout
Recording the police is protected by 1st amendment. Glad we are not yet a police state. More than enough thuggery without that.
Strong, powerful moment by Huntsman. RT +1 RT : Far and a way Huntsman's best moment of this campaign right there!
God is faithful to carry out His promises. HE is true to His Word.
Perfect weather is a frame of mind, but you knew that. Global Finals is the story that writes itself!
yeah. Sometime this or next month.
Shooting with tonight!
Yoga time! Been looking forward to it.
When Napster stated enabling fans to share lessons for free, #rockstarteacher went to court and shut them down. But it's not about the $.
Suck A Nigga Dick Or Sumn.
it's an aphrodisiac
Dont just use my word on other ppl! Who do you think you are RT : I love my boo desmond!! Thank you boobaaa!<3
lol cuz your twitter keeps dm'ing me weight loss ads!!!! spam
I'm coming tomorrow! I can't wait1 i'm so excited! <3
Pleease follow me it would make my dayy and can u tell jbieber to follow too please
I need some NUTELLA...SHIT it's gone...anybody wanna share?!?!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Bradford Enterprises, nos operari ad te bene! We work towards your success!
My eyes make pictures when they are shut. -Samuel T. Coleridge
So far, see at least three #EdCampPhilly conversations about Libraries
& The Money Hustla Music Squad invited? Check out "Waisted" for the ladies
Nothing good ever happens in 'broad' daylight... No one says," He gave me a massage in 'broad' daylight...
Now you can buy as many hips as you want:-) RT Just won the lottery. Now I'm going to buy Twitter. Kicking most of you off.
Peppers are hot and i just found that out.......jk
Five chapters to go. I'm curious to hear your response while reading it. Just ask about mine.
Sadly, this person thinks of himself as a "supporter." I've got a short list. Wonder if he's got the balls to unmask.
The rooms look nice, but the wifi policy is lame. Good luck--you're going to be awesome!!!
bought 3 copies of the album. dedication or what
Just Listed: UK AutoHits -
It's so tremendous. that man behind her is just priceless.
This Philosophy Mangos & Cream is the bizness. I smell god.
This month, I pay bills late,/writing stories of who I used to be.
u too babe!
Today is a perfect day to do some things I been procrastinating about.
I don't have it it's on my ipod I'll send it to you later
if it were it'd be called Seattle
THERE WAS A FUCKING FORMAL M&G AT THE SHOW TODAY
saw charade last night. bad netflix version
SAAs are better anyway.
yes ma'm!!!!! And we dont fuck with synthetic... Thats a no no
Sitting in my sun room. #Kman still sleeping. Light rain falling. Cardinal singing with a red winged blackbird.
*checks when SF Giants will be in DC* 4th of July?!
Happy Monday too! RT :
I didn't get the #PRSSASDSU exec position, but it's coo.
Thanks for the follow,) Jonni Armani
Any advice for someone moving to Alaska?
Follow & don't forget to bring that handbag donation to the #momsFF Suite!
lol its annoying as fuck. i'm about to pop them.
That sucks, they were good. :/ I heard about DRUGS. WHY MUST BANDS BREAK UP WHEN THEY'RE GOOD?!
I guess 72bpm is the tempo to go with....
I think Dairy Queen is going to be down one manager whenever I see his face today.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter i let my account sit a few years before I used it!
LETS GO #YANKEES! IM EXCITED TO SEE PHELPS PITCH TONIGHT!
I am not sure why but this time when I had surgery, it hurts more then the 1st time, wa! n the drugs make me sik, ew. just gota deal w pain.
I hear that! Thank you!
This is what we love to hear! RT : The new signage is working! Three applicants already!
You give me back my girl, you give me back my life
i think paul should crawl naked on higgins road on june 2nd, 2012 in chicago illinois.
Trying out "Muse," a free Adobe beta WYSIWYG website-maker. Like it so far - thanks Dreya!
Fill in the blank: Right now, I’d really like ____________.
So wished that I payed attention in my undergrad stats class...
haha! what a good simile.
Gettin my hair did!
Chicken Catcher Kevin Skinner WINS Americas Got Talent - Listen to the phone tweet: call (641) 453 9997 now
We should get jerseys cause we make a good team. But yours would look better than mine because you're out of my league...
make sure you download the Lala music mover. Scans your files and unlocks any lala song you own. Nice alternative to uploading
follow background?
The best? Awww, shucks. Thank you for the shout out and spreading the good study word.
I need my glasses RT"
does he need the cheese to help???
u have rele big feet!!! lolz
I need a one-word topic or short phrase to coax a short story out of me. Hit me with your best shots!
You ruin everything for me
RT : Sources say #LeBron is in talks w/David Stern about contract to pick Ping-Pong balls in the 2011
Mea Culpa => Through my own fault
esp after drinking half a bottle of patron
not quite, that may be a bit too ironic. But we'll see you there!
My pleasure and my apologies. I thought I was following you. I just fixed that.
Live WITHOUT pretending Love WITHOUT depending Listen WITHOUT defending & speak WITHOUT offending.<U+2665>
Yes bro , My mom doesn't want me to drink anything tho -.- & I bruised my tail bone yesterday :'( lmao
took that same test 2 years ago. Thanks God we all made jokes to relax, that test was intense. I got a 5... Good luck!
Use ur #words to #lift people
Woohoo!!! Its so great to have our BCB minds in the same location. Oh, the amazingness that can be born from collaboration!
you will definitely have a good time no matter what you. let me know if you need any recommendations for things I do!
Please take out a second to Follow #TMCRecords CEO & President
Oh n will be getting new hair to yay I have to start a new youtude pge someone del Idk how ppl
Fuck fake love & half ass friends
No idea where it is! I searched all over my apartment and it's gone.
Thank you!
Don't try to make children grow up to be like you, or they may do it. Russell Baker
Heading to Ft Collins for CSU-Weber St. Go Rams!! (via ) Hope it doesn't rain on you! GO RAMS!!
u a fan?
Today at noon EST was "last call" for applications to the Harvard Business School Class of 2014. Good luck to all candidates.
Join us tonight for the Artist Diploma Ensemble concert with special guest Ron Carter at 8:00pm in Paul Hall!
Yeah!! We saw that last week. That kid's my hero!
Good question Joe. What does Mitt Romney stands for.
gl buddy!
but what is real?
Don't judge who I am just judge what I will be
It's Friday the 13th so I'm a play Jason
I love you dear!!!! Thank you so so much :)
ended the day with the daily scrum. I love Scrum!
Flight back to Sweden has been cancelled due to hurricane. Might be late for classes and internship :(
I knock on the door, hope isn't home , Faith ? is not around, the luck ? it's all gone
so Im back . LMFAO for good this time tho , so go get me 1,000 followers. I lost them all for deleting this shit hahah <3 you
Live-tweeting from the dentist's chair
huhum thanks :-P
My .02: she tried to hold bike-share hostage over few cyclists who ride on sidewalks dwntwn
If I won the lottery, I would pay someone to play with my hair all day.
Here at cashhousemusicgroup we are about action anybody can talk the talk not us thou we bout the action but that's for y'all to see soon
You never know...a whole new conference. #Louisville could run right through them :)
Moriah Martin turned in a 9.800 floor routine. The nation's 10th best vaulter will take to the event to conclude her evening.
I wish I could attribute that to my killer Excel instincts, but...I just searched the help topics :-/
Vicars, MPS and lawyers were amont those who considered me to be the best hostess in London
She said " it comes out liquid " lmfao then she says but " I know its shit because its coming out my ass " this shit is hilarious lmfaoooooo
Hi Hat on weekends makes me wanna punch other humans in the neck. Such crowds with obnoxious characters!! O... JoCats. Wait, no.
I'll be back this week!! Life got me tied up lately
Me too! YAY! So excited! I'm in a capella right now, not sure which I'll be in next year. But cool! :)
I'm all about the ground beef tacos & burritos. Simple but the greatest. Everything there is good tho...you?
RT : There is no end, there is only a constant and brand new beginning!
cutting like what?
I love my brother; he was my fucking heart;
Night twitter :)
someone can't be apparent lol. What castle?
I think oomf went to sleep on me
In the process of learning a life lesson I see wat is trying 2be taught but wat I choose 2 do with wat Im learning will determine everything
lol that's how it be thooo
OMG! The vow is out on DVD!
Let's see... the swimming pool incident.
I'm just blah today
I'm all about the Monday workout ...
How often do you send cards to the ones you love?
Don't group tweet me till you have a plan
Talking to abt going to more non-social media conferences. Totally agree w/ you. Enjoyed your #BWELA session.
i was about to have to slap a hoe in class today
that's right from #Poltergeist. I love that movie
Good morning I'm writing a news article about the Texas Back Institute becoming your official spine specialist. Any comment?
So many people are overreacting to this #Bruins loss. They won the Stanley Cup last year. Let's not bash Bergeron, Krejci, & others too much
Shout out to :)
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> lol RT : Now she saying she could see me in a baby blue polo whoa now Iam not drake
Latest Swimsuit Dresses News
Often imitated but never duplicated
yah i know. i was so close then i broke something= no more coding and wine. lol!
That Maurice Sendak anecdote about the kid who ate the picture? It's sweet, but think of the mom dealing with a kid pooping half a postcard.
Everyone tweet #getwellKyle for he's not feeling well today. Please RT!
ah hope they have fun and a good show!!
do you remember how it used to be? we'd turn out the lights and we didnt just sleep.
Chairing a Medicaid Advisory Committee meeting Many updates on health reform implementation.
Can't wait to see you tomorrow night in Santa Cruz! Will you be signing CDs/vinyl after?
I hope to one day look just like Him! Not in my creativity and image alone but in spirit and in truth to! God help my image to be congruent!
"I wanted you to know, whenever you are around, i cant speak(i cant speak)"
Don't you hate when people try to talk to you when you have headphones on
aye I KNOW you wont read this cause your me! Aha... 2 bad I forgot your password... And your email address's password... :P
Word on the streets is.. Boobie milk makes some fluffy pancakes <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Drink organogold coffee without the bad effects of caffeine and with the good effects of Ganoderma.w.drblackston.organogold.com
Amer Sports upbeat as Q1 profit hits $25 million
omg I want one
nobody can make me smile the way he does :)
text ne
hellz yeah! Take life by the horns. I'm liking this current enthusiasm from you.
That video was truly beautiful.
Losing 9-2 in the 5th, 3B Casey McGehee catches a foul pop for the 3rd out & then gives it to a kid in the front row
Finally made it to ; as presumed, it is my mothership. Walked out with my weight in rock crit books.
There is always one word I misspell every time I go to type it...I think my laptop is conspiring against me. ^jl
I see you, Lions. I don't see you, Nickleback.
Have a video phone? Video yourself singing a song. Watch it and make notes about what you want to change.
National League Game Summary - Miami at San Francisco
The most important question that you, as an aspiring model, should ask is
Just read a paper in my Rhetoric, Society, and Culture class that discussed "Aerostotal." I wonder what his teacher "Play-Doh" would say.
I know. I'm pretty sure Dahvie would fuck a sandwich before he fucked her!
#mitt2012 #p2 #Hypocrite!!! How can u trust anyone who lies when it's captured previously on VIDEO? He's only into 1% stimulus!
is developing organic farmers' markets in NYC and on Long Island.
Are you spread too thin at work? Ed Muzio to the rescue, Make Work Great! Meet Ed in Denver Sept 15 www.ispi-frc.org
souljah's in the same army!
CAN YOU HELP ME? I still need 4
Irish punk ya!! They are amazing
Like Obama said, when you put lipstick on a pig, it's still a pig, same with the Nets bouncing all over for attention.
bbm me back right now !
your a beast bro ready to see You Beast up Next Year 4 God and the Razorback Family! Go Hard 4 Christ bro!! WPS!!
Holidays? Oh, are those coming up?
Happy Birthday!!! I can't wait to see your birthday ink...good luck! :)
I get one follower than I loose one
yay!!! just finished my taxes! time to plan a vacation =)
For some reason I thought kabuki was an opera with music
The food channel : innovative recipes for quick and easy meals. TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS Giada
- with pleasure and yes I will keep you posted.
Glad I got to see the extended fam this week & Keep ballin yeah I did it get over it
Yay! Did you record it? This was duo with Mark, right?
When people say " on God " or "swear to God " & be lying
sorry i meant to text you my regrets last night. Will you be at #LAThtr awards on Mon?
Yeah, like that's EVER going to happen. Unless it's a Margarita Marathon, or something sensible like that.
: panel wrapping up at hadoop afternoon #huguk #bigdataweek then I think is up on stage
haha, its worse than a twitter rock! thanks for pointing out the obvious..would have missed a lot of paranoia today
R.I.P., Donna Summer, 1948-2012. The undisputed Queen of Disco has been forever silienced.
haha jeremy tyler blocked you?
Spending 2 days in Memphis with leaders from Tampa, Memphis, Pittsburgh, Denver, Houston, Alliance, Aspire, Green Dot, PUC...Comp. Reform
Did you know: 17% of children & teens in the US are obese, & 1 in 3 children under the age of 5 is obese or overweight - U.S. CDC
Just watched Fast Five, wit all them sexy ass men. Especially The Rock!!!! #I would be his baby Mama!!!!
Can we start an old school comedy team? Or co-write a hipster Urban Outfitters book?
me that's who. I'm bored so I asked what's up?
lmao! ok got it now thanks!!!
#BeatCantor TY for supporting campaign & helping get this exposure. With help from ppl like u we'll prevail!
FEAR THE DEER! RT : Bucks Win! Bucks Win! Now lets go eat some pizza with www.milwaukeesaves.info
"If you don't have the time to do it right, when can you make the time to do it over?"
oh babe stop it -.-
actually cooked the whole plastic icing pack into our loaf of butter bread.......wtf?!?!?!
Legs as a wireless communication device? Love it.
Today's featured sandwich is our seared Lake Superior Whitefish on Toasted Ciabatta. Quite tasty with Houblon Chouffe Dobbelen IPA Triple.
Today is a great day!
Why is MTV2 showing that shitty Kristen Bell movie 'Pulse' at three in the morning? Don't you have something better to play, like music?
- are you talking about the BCS or our Music Friday choices? :)
Debbie & Lulu's Southwest Airlines/DC adventure! Buddy passes! Palomar (Kimpton) Hotel. Museums, walking, exploring! Day off in tax season!
My sister never used this twitter so, I think I'm gonna take over it now lol. :)
only 9 have ever finished, awesome race
Come out RT : I really want to. Did you say that in a high voice? Kinda sounds like it.
It well becomes a young man to be modest.
I don't accept this premise: "Donating to Romney camp = giving to save USA". All mathematical calculations suggest otherwise
Point Park University will award the top three Pittsburgh finalists scholarships of $10,000, $7,000 and $5,000.
Sorry, I couldn't tweet. I was too busy having my mind blown.
Ooh, Yay to Rebecca and Mark!!! I adore you both, welcome! Oh, we're so close...the photo is burning a hole on my desktop!
#1factaboutme i wear coconut perfume: smells so good.
RT : #IndianaIce returns the favor as Baillargeon lights the lamp with 6:22 remaining in the second!!
Its Superbowl Sunday. The big game day. Giants or Patriots? And of course you'll be getting pizza, right?
LEDs are a simple way to transform lighting and improve the well being of the enviroment.
I *actually* sighed with sadness when I read you didn't have them again today. Dinner?
Play the game or watch it play u
“: I like my women like my beer: natural and light. TFM.”
Niall and Demi would make a cute couple. Nuff said.
what up stranger
He might, but Louisville don't score enough points. Plus UK is too athletic.
Thanks for the follow ! Can't wait to read your tweets! =)
Coyotes attack a dog in Brockton
I've been off twitter for a while - Yes! I'll be at DataFest, I'm running it! Will I see you there!
Goodnite folks talk to yall tomorrow I had a great n nite be safe just luv my real friends
appreciate the love u should be my twitter wife
Getting smacked for saying "okay" in a what my mom thinks is a "bad tone". <
taking to long to text a nigga back, she bout to get cut ! lol.
Spent a great day the elvis exhibit is fantastic, but just nearly died in an accident on 64.
haha yeah we just had a little convo. I was just walking then someone yelled my name and it was them. hope your doing well!
You broke through of my confusion, the ups and the downs and still didn't leave. I guess that you saw what nobody could see. You found me.
The film rights to AVMP have just been optioned, so image these characters on the big screen!
Despite my impressive length, it's hard to reach to phone without you-know-who seeing.
fell asleep on the couch and I'm still tired as hell. Going to bed in 2 hours even though it's just 7pm then...
Why wouldn't Aloha go down at 5:30 on a Saturday night...and during restaurant week...night just got more interesting.
#YourBiggestProblem is that you act like a bitch then wonder why you have no friends.
lovin #WhenDevelopersTalk James is killing it!
Enjoyed the backpacking trip to Colorado.
It is all the rage over there. I am hoping he will blend in when we vacation there this summer :P
I survived the #blackout by watching a movie on my laptop and eating sandwiches with my roommate. What did you do?
Just ate (: ahh feeling good :)
I might have to buy Tuskegee I like Lionel Richie before, a little touch of country in it might be nice
Best of luck today..
Chillin in Augusta
shut up. im stealing ur autograph
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 69
Going on 10yrs, only happened once. In Spanish Harlem.
I have some very bad friends...
Happy Birthday <3 We love you no matter what!!!! -ICONiacz in Chicago!!!
Minus the suckage!!!
Me too! Been too long : SO excited for Greys Anatomy tonight
LeBron-Wade will get them through in six games
Hello weekend!!! :)
who should i talk to then
oohh monday? that's sounds great!!
WE HAVE FORGOTTEN THAT WE ARE CREATURES OF INTENTION AND CREATION. IF WE WAKE THAT UP. WE HAVE A CHANCE. THATS WHERE WE HAVE TO GO
Day is rolling with a few curbs and corners to turn. Don't you hate when you got to do stuff that's not helpful to your day and time
Hey how's it going in your part of the city?
#teamfollowback #cheerleader #teambieber #teamsimpson #teamgaga #teamtalkative #singer #actress and so much more is what describes me
Good bout time you did something around here hahaha!
changed my twitcon with Jose"s cute face on it AWW YEAH
omg f i cant beilve i can bread my hair omg
Bad weather was responsible for immigration delays, claims Downing Street
I wanna get my belly button pierced i gotta convince mahh mom
its alot of "big bitches" in the mill now. smh
my bad. I messed up on that tweet. Had Dick Clark on my mind. ...
It wasn't a white VW Westfalia was it? If so, sorry!
In 2004, people used their cell phones for talking to people. Imagine that! #99conf cc/
he riding round he snitching shot his mouth no dentist
Eye test today. Eyes are generally ok but i'm sure they will try and sell me glasses, right?.
not on here. ill tell you at school or on #facebook?
Don't we all :/ RT : I really regret saying I wish I was older when I was younger.
I dont feel wanted I dont feel loved. I dont feel like i belong here. Everything pisses me off. I hate everything. :/
Mike Tomlin was giving it to the cameraman. Dang...
#SomeoneIWantToMeet One Direction.
The SkiFever and Snowboard show starts tomorrow at 1pm. You can take the yellow line on out to the expo center.
Very Nice Video. I think you got the leg of in the video. Thanks again to
What respect? People can not respect him, but he's still a huge draw! Just give it sometime.
Lauren, get reall ;)
Aw thanks for the compliment :)
I enjoyed school activities today. Class was pretty aight.
not our year
it's not my fault :x but I don't care I like coming late to her class :)
. Participatory culture not new. Soc media provides megaphone. Archivists should focus on the participation, not tech
Madilyn Bailey is performing? That's awesome!! #MadilynBaileyROCKS!
Well Don't Add Me Into The Shit.
Saw Obama when he came to Kansas City, I have to say I was awestruck, took the teenager, so was he!
Just bought my copy of 'The Lean Startup'. Pumped to be mentoring at #LeanStartup Machine #LA June 15-17
yea they just talk too much..
Just got into #instagram follow me
Enjoy the trails! I use him to fire me up for the day. Can't get complacent w/ all the stupid out there. Be safe!
ah been there before. Sounds good!
so proud of everybody involved.
Umm....we are getting super close....can you feel the neon starting to attack your body;)?
RT : If they can build a light meter that reads 1/10's of a stop for $179 why can't they give me the same option in a $5000...
Thank you! RT Two good apps to #FF and
Looking for a great Friday Happy Hour? LiLLiES of #WoodleyPark #DC has $3 drafts, 5$ rails, $6 house wines from 5-7PM!
My bday bash this friday, at wokcano-Santa Monica. Asian fusion food, sexy lounge, outdoor dancing patio. I DJ Wokcanorestaurant.com
Ways to get followed by me- 1.follow 2.retweet this . IM CHECKING !!!!
"The shifts of fortune test the reliability of friends."
obscured by crowds
#BuildYourFans - Determine what you need to do to maintain direct contact with your fans and do that!
(; follow or rt me please austin?? Love you. <3
It's almost New Years, and my birthday is ina few days, holy crap time flys.
Not last night's. I will catch up on the comp. The PR for Zimmerman is hurting him just as much as that vid.
I'm not getting enough mail about today's column. I feel like if someone doesn't write in and demand my firing, I'm doing something wrong..
NYC > LA > SYD > BNE > MEL > LA > NYC = BRUTAL. ready those choccy ice-creams for me!
That awesome moment when your aunt washes and waxes your car when youre at work
How cud u not love Big Nesh tho? RT": like pro Boys... Like a pro ;)"
I have to go watch the dictator movie and the what to expect idk whatever movie lol
The lips know only shallow tunes. The heart is where great symphonies are born. ~ Calvin Miller
Moving forward. Fuck it.
The last and 1st person I talk to:-)
British HP Sauce recipe is secretly changed after 116 years. has it: telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/87….
- I feel so ALONE in my dislike of Austin BBQ.
cus i talk to you most:)
do u mind if I test your mma knowledge with some questions?
haa have you told him yet.?
what can I do to help re: Spreecast?
Who you guys looking for with our next pick? Im hoping WR Stephen Hill.. how about you guys??
The D.C. office of Thompson Hine has added attorneys Charles Hunnicutt, G. Brent Connor and Patricia Snyder to its transportation group.
can,t be me you don,t really know me
k thanks I hope u can make it just let me or lisa know so I can get u a ticket
#G_O_O_D_M_O_R_N_I_N_G MUAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!! When are you gonna have a new comedy special on TV? I miss your face! <U+E057><U+E404><U+E056><U+E417><U+E415><U+E405>
LF Hair Studio will be closed until 12pm today due to the weather. Sorry for the inconvenience. Thank you!
A person who #publishes a #book willfully appears before the populace with his pants down. #EdnaStVincent Millay
The truth hurts.. RT : My doctor told me im overweight .
you should go out for a walk and let all your emotions out. we HATE seeing u like this. #CheerUpAustin <3
hey Tim, welcome to Twitter.
I want to try this Downton Abbey show the internet is obsessed with, but I'm afraid I won't like it...
HAPPY EASTER TO YOU!! HAVE A GREAT HOLIDAY.. ;)
I'm always drunk in San Francisco!!!
Reading #economist editor highlights, bewildered by qualifying expression " Arugula-munching Mr......" - Hate on Arugula?..;
Wing stops better!
I think I'm obsessed with Chick-Filet....
Harry with a scarf >>>>>>> angel wearing a scarf hahahaha!!!
A wise owl once told me the key to success isn't what you're doing, but hoo you know.
We do! We have Hatachino Red Rice Ale on draft - very rare! Come try it soon before it's gone. :)
DC this weekend... Hit us up if you are into promoting art, music, tech, fashion, action sports, etc. This is your life!
lol I give great massages but its goin to cost ya
Not this year, we're on opposite coasts at the moment.
Although it is fitting that a Beastie Boy died from illness
thanks for the follow Dr. David. All around nice guy is accurate!
Hold on! Did you say Olive Garden???? See ya then, I'm in!
I'm coolin with my youngins. Bang bang
People are going to be more mad about RVP leaving than Cesc, which is amazing.
tweet me
working on sending out audition notices for upcoming pilots and feature films
That's great...I'm co-writing a screenplay!! It's taking a while but it's fun!!!
The reason that child lost his life runs deeper than hate. Ignorance, power & disregard all played a part.
Thanks for the TL love !! xo
We'll be ready for you!
: you are oh so right. I had that experience on a minor level. wanted to Chair our Family Reunion. am catching hell! lol!!
it means data is a malleable form. You can data into anything.
Heading to the Lincoln Park farmers market.
best way to spend spring break? 6 games
This one is still at a stalemate, 0-0. Both goalies have stepped up when needed.
I agree! It's the no response to queries that is the hardest part. Good luck with it all!
Fantasy notes for May 1 - ESPN
Caught up on some You on Instagram? Follow me (ChiBoyProbs) and like my pictures! I'll return the favor of course! :)
Thank you
Today's affirmation: I live in a world full of possibility and potential.
Finish this sentence! My absolute favorite flavor of Tampico is...
I blame for this new obsession I have with boobs, like what? I like boys :)
Today in local history: The UB School of Pedagogy was established in 1895!
we should be verified on twitter Brad for as much time we are on here lol
Everyone has at LEAST ONE SKILL/TALENT! FIND YOURS ,AND DO YOUR BEST WITH IT!
^{}^I give my heart, cause nothing can compare in this world to you.^{}^
commence sweeping in my Kopitar jersey! Em, rake up some Blues jerseys!!
At the dance studio!:) I'm ready!!
what are you being tutored for?
can you help me get to 200 subscribers? please!
Did you know that Still's first solo show took place at the San Francisco Museum of Art in 1943?
It won't impact the play on the ice, but its going to be rather amusing seeing Rangers goals cheered in an ECF game regardless of the venue.
Some people are always grumblin because roses have thorns.
Breaking News 'Dirty Dancing' Star Patrick Swayze Has Died of Pancreatic Cancer at Age 57 Call CNN News Update +1 (415) 376-7253
and facebook im loyal are you?
I didn't find irreversible realistic enough to be disturbing. Only scene I've ever found disturbing was in boys don't cry
"Oh so much for talking. It's all been said before. I'm hearing something, but I wish you'd just say more"
Shoutouts to whoever has bought First Class Clothing already. You all look fresher than ever.
Tonight Cheeta's Game Show Junkies tonight at The Bar in Monongahela from 9p-midnight! Trivia, minute to win it , Lets Make a deal & more!
More to the point, what would it take to contribute a theme that could be shipped with core?
And twitter lol
he's too cute<3
Oh, that's a dead cert my dear :-) Hammers will be up next season.
Belated Thank you!!!
Add me guys :) on Pin....2956E986
": #nflnetwork has broadcast live online before so that would be nice" awesome thank you, hopefully they do it again
The world of music
true true. Bean head ass
hey ' you've changed, not like you used to be.
Looking for donations of toys for kids in need. Drop off at 3 NW Third Ave. in Portland or 503 274 4483
You forgot to mention that Bledsoe and Cousins are from the same dirt.
Watching poltergeist with movie has always freaked me out but I love it lol I should be sleeping have an mri at 12pm :( hate them
It's and fault that there are so many Jalex believers. The sexual tension fuels the fire of our imagination.
TOILET! TOILET! TOILET!
Did you ever drive behind someone who's exhaust is so bad your check engine light comes on?
24 hour marathon begins now!! Please visit Extra-Life.org for details and to donate... Search for 502 Kitchen Krew! $5 goes a long way!!!
I have a freaking concusion ! I cant sleep tonight -___- and then I have to get up a 5 and get on the bus ! Im gonna be in a bad mood
Watching Criminal Minds like the good old days.
Live Life to it's fullest, You never know what life will bring!
Who's up for a #snowball fight in #Milwaukee today? Great packing snow.
i am a southerner. And everything you say still boils down to an emblem from an act of treason in defense of slavery.
I kid you not, spotted a 30yr old rocker looking dude at the Luxor sporting a Winger t-shirt #saywhat!?
Just heard from an artist who creates scrimshaw art from old pool cue balls made of ivory. Fascinating! She is sending photos - snail mail!
#10basicfactsaboutme Cheerleading is my life. I love all the girls on the squad ; & we always have soo much fun at the games.((:
I never know if I'm in a CVS, a Walgreens or a Rite-Aid. They are all red and look exactly the same.
Today i get to use my talent (art) to change someones perception... lets push!
Will there be #ClippersLive shows during round 2?
no problem. Good luck with next steps!
congrats on your 200 followers!!! *clap clap*
OMG. Just take the bizir away from me
Did he just attempt to throw to a TE ?
#FollowSunday : thanks a bunch for all your mentions :D "You Rock" (via )
Ah she made a funny nobody beats my ass Rt: He just called a me twitter whore . I'ma beat his ass when I see him ...
thanks for the follow. Much love. Dr. Spanish. no responding required. just wanted to thank you. :-D
If u wont that hammer ima nail u
Does anyone have a video of Victoria Justice performing Beggin on Your Knees? I'd love to see it.
Way way way too cold for Oregon
Nicely done.
i'd love to reenact that night sometime, i'll skip the bus ride home this next time though...... and double up on the burgers
Happy Mothers Day to all you mama runners
yeah, we've all been thinking how un-American you are, just didn't know how to tell you.
okay ill make sure to watch it!(: Todays been a pretty rough day for me though :/
husband<3 i love you
STYLISTS NEEDED to work CASCADE RD ATLANTA GA. COME GET POLISHED. 316
I had the best time of my life at Windsor and made a name for myself.
It might help.
well, thug life LOL
This guy just asked me for 22 cents. Why 22 cents?
needs to develop a "blow before you tweet" smartphone attachment for drunken geeks and addled celebrities.
nice you will make OG one day!
Poetic Justice isnt the kind of justice need.d in the case 4 #wronglyconvicted in the Live Free or Die state of NH. WhatA shame
House music was crazy last night! Shout to ! It's a must attend !
Women's issues now more important than ever. One of many reasons that #Im4Falk !
I turned out liking you a whole lot more then i expected.
This paradise pandora station is super relaxing
I am Literally in Tears! Satan you are a Liar! The Father of All Lies & the Master of Deception
Port of Call has some amazing dishes and would make for a great date spot! 50% off on www.crowdclick.com!!
Man I swear some people need to work for the FEDS because they love being in other people's business!
You'll never see the dawn when you have blood in your eyes.
I should not have to wake up this early when I'm on break.
Thank u colquit!
... shooting sexy girls tomorrow -- can't wait! pics to be posted at www.sherrymartinphotography.com
Big, BIG boys high school volleyball games tonight around the region. Deep Run @ JRHS, Atlee @ Clover Hill, Cosby @ Thomas Dale - go see one
Woohoo! Congrats and good luck!
": Spring break in Philly consists of drinking, sleeping, and WaWa runs... #PhillyProblems" miss that for sure!!!
You never really know who your friends are!!!!
If only that's how it worked. RT : We have now voted. No more mailers, please.”
Compressed unicorn horn powder. Makes the shine majestic
Hey, #abq #architects and #planners: where are you? We want to follow you!
or are thinking as a potential collector/ provider of OER?
ON MY WAY! :D lol I just searched for the 7th episode and it's nowhere to be found:( because season 1 is only 6 episodes long
wats up with the people on twitter just chick on me and there follow me
---its a "coke" thing. so glad you would never understand...
spent my amazing rainy day reminiscing, talking, learning & creatively producing w/my amazing :) i love u & thx 4 the motivation!
same here sir just tired from work lol
We're excited to have and Hotelbeds at our Show & Tell in a little while! :)
creating a detailed breakdown of my week. I've officially become my old principal.
that look of hurt in a girl when u know shes been burned to many times and shes scared u'll hurt her too.. :o
i'm really upset I can't retweet this! :/
RT : Family and cousins! RT Q1 #FoodieChat Where are you spending Thanksgiving & with Who?
Well "MUNCHKIN" was very detailed. I enjoyed it greatly
Take #KOBE out!! This game is over and get ready for game 7!! WOW!!!
Talk it over with your Dr. As long as you don't have a torn tendon, you'll be back in 3-5 days.
eXo Cloud Workspaces Previews Fully Scalable Enterprise Social Intranet - Review seeker (press release)
My Louis Vuitton bag is already customized with my initials, LV
What time will you guys be in tomorrow?
Its Not The Same But Its Better...(Words 4rm Mr. Production "The Guy" Seeking Progress Not Perfection While Walking By Faith Not By Sight)!!
no problemo! yeah it was really good. was happy it was Friday too :)
OH. My husband makes these for me. I LOVE them.
No need to take me but we can go together. =]
Clippers or Spurs?
Well the south side of Chicago is the baddest part of town. And if you go down there you better just beware of a man named Leroy Brown.
all i got to say us dance fuckin party!
Today's liturgy is about doubting Thomas. Don't tell me Mass doesn't meet you where you need it to. Here's to faith without proof.
Tha flat black Prius going, going, #gone~
JR SMITH IS NICE lol
i'm pretty sure this is the longest conversation we've had all year.
Like vegetarianism?
Of course I remember you! Thanks for saying Hi!
Hot bananas have my gag reflex in full effect. Need to remember to not leave them in the trunk
I forgot you aren't dramatic at all! But if you wanted to stretch yourself...
my nigga. Does Rare breed have one too? Lol
looking forward to it! Good morning to you too!
Don't hate cuz I'm cute and sweet; hate cuz you can't compete.
The box score of the Atlanta/Orlando game is unreal, Magic up 52-30....Howard only has 6 pts
RT : Congrats to R.C. Slocum on his induction into the #NFF College Football Hall of Fame, representing new #SEC member
But, I forgot to order his fav #foodallergy book! I'll try to borrow it for storytime this week. We'll definitely order it!
forgot ice!
The step costs of a business are unique because they stay the same for a certain amount of activity.
yea we not switching no more
They should just turn off the third rail and turn them into pedestrian tunnels. Would make a killing with bike rentals!!
Wow... This is gonna be a fun finish
The important part more learning how to automate what you need to than a particular tool
your a good man, Ben!
Warren, Elizabeth could open a casino. Bring the tables, she's already full of CRAPS!
Saintliness is also a temptation.
so sweet!!
playing upstairs at the Maison on Frenchmen st tonight! 11pm
and Bill Ranic!
SP is looking forward to playing Jan. 26 at benefit / exhibit / celebration of cartoonists. Watch these channels for details...
My ears are STILL ringing! It's been like an hour!
Shooting in Indianapolis. It's gonna be a long day.
Enjoy your Fridays & our dinner dishes of your pick for 10% off for our followers/twitter handle.
GLITTER NIGHT 3 is this Thursday at Nick & Eddie! We go on @ 9PM - Dress in Glam for no cover!!! See you there :)
lol you and Cenzo are meant to be! You're both funny!
Also Marlins Under 9
Downloaded and love the Chrome beta for Android 4.0.
woo!!!!!! Follow me plz tyler everyone in the mahomie crew has repled or followed, ur left out follow back plz <U+2665>!!!x
you have a italian name are you italian
I know the feeling! Just finished "The Portrait of Dorian Gray," my first Oscar Wilde novel (where has he been all my life?)
today is National High Five Day. Right up your alley. :)
My idea of packing has (d)evolved into makeup, toothbrush & figuring the rest of it out when I arrive.
Had a good day today! :)
Married less than a year, together for 11yrs. Who knew we'd get past 11 days. Lots of love to :)
Sorry for not Tweeting a lot recently. Couple nice DE pickups for the Brownies.
Follow your heart. Regardless of what others tell you to do, it’s how you feel at the end of the day that matters.
Teacher: "what's your biggest dream?" Me: "hold the mahoneconda" Teacher: "....." Me: "....." Teacher: "what" Me: "what"
Actually, I think it'd be fun to have a #capitolproblems meme. Is there one out there already?
thanks for the tweet :)!
soo u can get on here but not talk to me on chat
why is it so cold. :s
good things
Mine too! RT Goal for today: see opportunities.
“: He who controls his mind controls the only gate by which the devil can gain influence in his life.”
just woke up
Just got off stage after singing our opener, Boondocks by Little Big Town! We'll be back in a bit with more songs! #springsing /te
The Ozone needs to stop with those cookies.
Keep calm and carry on.
YOU'VE GOT ONE CHANCE TO MAKE IT RIGHT, TRIBE.
Always a pleasure! ": Restaurant week! & put some deliciousness in my belly!"
I miss my family , , Eddie, James, Darius, , & Jessica. PS, the rest of you need to get Twitter!
When can I start voting? And how often?
The salon is now open! Call (904) 636-0787 to schedule an appointment.
It better turn out good !
I'm on it.
Many submit to despair and fail without knowing that they already have all the tools needed to procure superb wealth.
in the G son
arvo2010: Time to Reflex Tearing in Response to Chemical Nasolacrimal Stimulus in Dry Eye Subjects versus... - Ciera J Maffei , May 4, D984
Shoutout to my Mom! Love you
the new is beautiful. A must-see design from and showcased on !
Bored..... x_x <U+2665> michelle
The Bloc Audition starts soon! It's gonna be a fun day! :)
It is so kind of you to be there for Kandi in this difficult moment. Please Kandi know we are praying for her and her family.
« The Vision Of The Life You'll Live When U Accomplish Your Goals Should Give U Plenty Of Energy 2 Do What Must Be Done Today..»
I been gone from here for a minute but now I'm back up in it...lol
sweet, maybe I'll go there one day :))
That tragic moment when you realize you are still the strange nerd with no friends but instead of Recess it's Friday Night.
Increase your ability to get mail into the right hands, the first time! See how Advanced Mailing Services can help you. 505-899-3104
First-time candidate runs for 13th Assembly District
Love Council President Young's motto for helping business..."Do no harm!" Thank you!
Gotta LUV that chili!
Sang and I are both sick. WHY?!
My mom is 6'2" and she's wearing wedges. Work it girl.
#etech fly away, fly away, fly away, home
Thanks for the memories. - Fall Out Boy.
Imma hit to line toma Imma bout to go to sleep
Been on the go all day and I'm finally done... #Exhausted <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
congrats on your graduation! I'm hoping to steal a bag of popcorn from a 15 year old for your gift!!
It's Okay Thoo .
has an eastern european feel to it... so anyway last week i got an invitation from #Latvijas Universitate lol University of Lativia?
HOOPS: Mackey McKnight (Langham Creek HS) is having a solid game for Lehigh. Keeping this game against Duke interesting on CBS right now.
Half the washers and dryers in my bldg are being used...so I guess I'm not the only one who does laundry after midnight.
Where is this Black Rhino?
shot it from Rockland county haha
Rockin out at the LCD Soundsystem concert!
Follow ! He is spinning right now on AltRock 101!
lol I got u boo
#AAM2012 "Bringin' it all home" starting with a Dylan video. Perfect.
Came home from the hospital, now watching magic beyond words :)
RGIII Josh Morgan who is also signing and Garcon. Sounds like a package for the future to get the ball down the field
Yowza. Was not in the right emotional frame of mind to watch Father's Day today
Looking to save on #brunch? Check out for 50% off deals for restaurants in NYC!
I recommended that watch the 1st season of #GameOfThrones on her flight today to SF, completely forgetting the nudity on the show.
WOW - just watched Miss Representation trailer on you tube - Have you seen it?
Whos going to the freecember concert Dec 3?! TWEET ME! :D
Same corner as always: 18th @ Trinity.
Me, wild and crazy? No. LOL! Nice to tweet cha too!
thanks for following. We're big fans of your work with
I can get behind that.
Thanks. We are more focused on the stemmed glasses but the "O" series is fun.
you could totally do that! I watched each movie as it was released in theaters after reading that book.
I'm on Twitter! Now what do I do?
Not when I tuned in I didn't. :( Have you ever heard any songs on that station?
you got that right! Anyone who says country is NOT the shit is...well, shit!
the countdown is on! #nyc #nokianyc RT : Waiting for Ms Nicki Minaj to come on + catching up w +
This hotel doesnt have Disney channel.
u may wish to change settings on ur software to allow more time- u r followed.
there's a club in the science center?!
my friend isn't employeed there anymore...still lookin for another way
what a mean joke lee!
When you are the only one on varsity to lose #crappyfeeling :P
- thanks for including us in your Follow Friday list, Lis! We appreciate your effort to #BeThere for us & the kids we support!
I'm about to stay home today .. Sore throat & Headache .. But , if I don't go to school babe cant come over . -__-
Wait why is mining one of the most entertaining aspects of Mass Effect 2??
#FF to our new followers!
Frank Sinatra, you speak my language.
I've never wanted the Caps to win more then I do now....!
Creepy robot music in history class.
Do we have an injury on the Nuggets side?
Life is good everyday is my birthday
Fun times with hahaha.
yes, but rent is pretty steep... LOL
If I didn't eat terribly my body would look 10x better
Rest in Peace George. You didn't go down without a fight...
btw, I hope you're having a great time at Red Lobster
dnt forget bout me nephew ;)!
Martini Party with some of my favs at the Charlesmark Hotel!!!
you should lemme hear it, could always use more female writers...
You aren't the only one. Have you ever tried veggie rolls instead of ones with meat?
thanks for a wonderful SXSW! I enjoyed the opportunity to be a part of it.
where do you live? I'll do some mappage!
#liber2011 Salman Rushdie digital archive (uses emulation) at Emory U (Atlanta, Georgia, USA) has become the "reference collection" for him.
We're going through it right now too, exciting! Any major takeaways to share?
Some mornings are like choreographing an extraordinarily slow dance.
I copied it if you want to delete that post now :) follow me so we can Direct Message!
lmbo I see, look at here V plankin next to a bowl of Romans noodles.......
kicked the chair though...Lmfaoooooooo
That's a pretty awesome thing to keep around your desk. So, do surprise attacks happen often? :)
#20factsaboutme 14) I love me some Italian food!
Excellent! “: Robin Yount checked in as instructor in #Brewers camp today and Geoff Jenkins is on the way.”
You're getting in the Cali swing already!
Of course, should be the first artist played on the new POP2MUSIC!
Joining great Dallas Democrats at Sambuca to support District Attorney Craig Watkins!
go follow she follow back please
Well, the day has come: I accidentally slipped my feet into my 8-year-old son's sneakers...AND THEY FIT FINE. World still spinning.
that's wats up YouTube me:) juliusvevo
in a related note, the referees for that game will still award him free throws for phantom fouls.
The digital files transfer continues!
Seeing prom groups out makes me miss my prom..
#HappyBirthdayTrigga love you baby
what's your favorite thing to do besides dance and basketball? And follow me ? (: 4
:) yayyyy thank you glad you like it
Oh shit. That was too funny!!
I love when I only text like 3 or 4 a day.
No need to wait for his call and tell him anything we aint together
Stop playing with me“ Thank you For following dm her later :-)”
I just don't know if I really wanna keep it or not
Thanks for the follow! Lots of Julio-Claudian pix on SquinchPix! Search for '1C' or '1CBC'.
What would Kim Kardashian do?
Hi Joel! How are you doing today? <U+2665> Wish i could meet you someday :-) Much Love! Reply pleasee??? :)
Don't know if I can bring myself to do the rest of these journals.
How the heck u hurt ur groin playin basketball
Go Newt.
I just hope you been praying.
Winner Winner Chicken Dinner
thanks! But we need more followers! We are getting there! :) <3333 thanks for amazing music!
try our chili fries we use real homemade fries and the best green chili in town they bare o so good picososmexicanfood.com
Faith divided by works = ?
revival tour even better than advertised so far. bob dylan dream in the mix?
NICK IT"S MY DREAM TO MEET U!! I got a concussion at ur free concert in VA last year :'( I still have yet to meet u
Turned out the lights on the old today. Tomorrow we re-brand as MilkBoy the Studio at our new location on 7th and Callowhill
Best of luck to the Harbaugh brothers!
Goodmorning Zaddy cant wait to see you today.. I Love you^_^
Spongebob lives underwater, Yet he can't swim... 0_o... gotta love my babe :-D
Ah good, now I can tutor my children in the ways of righteousness.
MT Off-site depository storage in libraries shouldn't surprise—been a major part of research library admin for a long time.
Reason #2 for running an #Environmental Risk Summary Report. You find out if the cost may go up on your #loan! Reccheck.com
like bitch, really? your in a good position to kiss my ass.
WOWSERS. Subway on Springfield n Del Mar has on crazy loud. Thanks guys!
I really didn't want that chicks number anyways , I just like getting them.
Monotone people crack me up
From Airplane:"I want to wish you good luck, we're all counting on you", "I speak jive" & "the white zone is for loading and unloading..."
skinny bitches piss me off.
good seeing you too! good luck on everything :) hope to see you again this summer
It's unfortunate but I agree he should go. Due diligence wasn't done a long time ago. It was a stupid lie.
hey and im the hulk
I love it when their favorite words are "I know." Lol, no you don't.
Lol im sure he is used to it >.<
the awkward moment when al my recent tweets are retweets......of bread jokes...... awk.
How do you do it? What station is it??
chris brown
Oakland flavors for the week at Pittsburgh Popcorn Co: Cinnamon Toast, Smokey Chipotle, Mesquite BBQ!!!!
We love that! RT : Burrito beach for the second day in a row
Woohoo! We were voted onto the OpenTable Diners' Choice lists! Thanks to everyone who voted!
when i went to london i noticed many girls who had dyed they hair black but with a tinge of red
grimey gates get low movement
Just saw an asian homeless dude...wtf?
RT : May is Natl Sm Biz Month. How does your small biz use high-speed internet? Webinars? Online store-front? Social Media?
is doing it!!!
PeopleMatterCEO-congrats on your 40 Under 40 - you and the team are delivering a bold new path for everyone to see why People Matter!
RT "I’m also announcing here and now that Carl DeMaio can bite me." xrl.us/bmoey3
This guy doesn't even belong in this class! >.< but yet his always here! Why?!?
Free samples check out Max Muscle ABQ
umm yes, that would be perfect.
you are killing it on this morning.
thx so much! the wine train is a booze cruise on land. you should try it :) xo!
“: Twitter is a great connection tool but a horrible relationship tool.”// agreed
Great first house tonight for #JazzBars w/ Stay tuned for our 10pm #livestream. Better yet, GET HERE!
today at #nu soc colloquium: claude fischer gave talk on gss social network questions. big take away: context of survey items matter.
RT : veggie soft tacos from Chipotle scrumptious & only 435 calories! don't tell oops, I mean great, boss!
I AM I AM I AM I AM!!! I just had a conniption. At 7:30 in the morning before I've had any coffee, that's NOT EASY!
After being part of greater Yugoslavia for most of the 20th century, Croatia regained independence in 1991. Can't wait to visit!
#STARVING Who cooking???
why wont this stupid rain go away i wanna kayack
eat a salad before you go!
I think I should get a Mother's Day gift for making it this long without being a mother.....
I spent over 3 hours in the napmosphere today
I agree. But I'm more bullish about Twitter/Square/Dropbox/Airbnb than I was about Webvan.
Who is not coming back next year because of contracts, trades etc?
The headlines for 2012: "the US pulls out of Iraq and Afghanistan, decides to re-invade Vietnam"
So much for that..lol
RT Jaypro's Free shipping in all items expires at midnight tonight. Http://www.Jaypro.com
Anderson U Mobile #eli2012 learned: different levels of ability, etexts (ick), high expectations, learner centered ++, engagement
In business its important to be clear about your expectations and method of operation.
Sitting back or looking forward, how to keep sharp in a fast paced world ://ow.ly/70aqn
I am cracking up on the shitter!
"the taco truck is under siege by the police. Field trip busted."
hey! whats up! *just being friendly* Lol....
everything about the stadium is whack.. it'll go back to being empty.
Catholic bishops incensed by Obamacare rule mandating contraceptive coverage. More incensed than they were over child sex abuse.
The physician can bury his mistakes, but the architect can only advise his client to plant vines. -- Frank Lloyd Wright (via Ross Brunson)
That Carlton Off from last night still has me laughing.
Hey guys, go to the symphony orchestra concert this Wednesday.
I hope has another get togeter thing :(
The LUNATIC-LEFT MEDIA pushes this IDIOT story about Romney.They ignore TRUE CRIMES&CORRUPTION in OBAMA ADMIN
my garden gloves & fingers have been contaminated with cactus needles. who plants cactus in their yard in PA!? Impossible to remove or weed.
Q: Why does the Easter Bunny hide Easter eggs? A: He doesn't want anyone knowing he's been fucking the chickens!
Going full German this Thursday at Old Europe on Folsom. Has anyone been there?
At least this is something to look forward too this year!
Stand up!
#IfIHadaGun I'd most likely shoot the kitties who decided to pee on my purple heels. Good thing I don't have a gun...
I miss him :/
Total 80s love! Pretty in Pink and now Mannequin on TV Guide Channel. Yay, !
Going to edit a few of the gorgeous images from todays shoot, then find an apple fritter...
the 6th Sense - I wish I'd saved it for a rainy day // Re: What movie do u wish you'd never seen?
Fifteen years. Thank you, my love. Happy anniversary! It has been great.
i just laughed way too hard at Madison's joke.. good job kid.
who says romance is dead... how lovely... and thanks for the compliment x
liking someone that barely knows you exist. <
So maybe blake is the new adam? So hot
but too shy to make a move!!(:
TONIGHT is Whiskey Chicks FIRST F@#% Valentines Party! First 50 ladies in the door will get roses and chocolates!
Any colorado folks wanna ship me some beer from Twisted Pine brewery? :)
"love me or hate me I promise it won't make or break me! -lil wayne
She is only the sweetest. :) Thank you for your deliciousness. :)
IM JEALOUS!
I know how you feel....im starving.
yeah me to ! so whats for lunch.. lol
Nice PR piece 4 the mayor of Cincinnati on Undercover Boss tonight. No way Jerry could have pulled that off. #newmayor?
Get well soon abhi...
club penguin, that's what up :)
i got not time for LeBron hate! you're right: his game and perspective are overlooked.
Drive gets a "meh" from me. I give the girls who sat next to me & audibly swooned over Gosling the whole a time big thumbs up.
My best life, I'm suppose to be on stage, singing, smiling, laughing, giving joy & a good time to others! YES..
gimme ur number!
Hahaha. Sad but true! At least it's Friday...
cleaning is going well... 1 load to Goodwill & now to recycle empty propane & CO2 canisters... yes, we are getting ready to move again
EEk! So much pressure picking head shots.
Just saw Ralph Wilson stadium in Orchard Park, I have to admit, there is nicer high school stadiums in Texas.
Bill Destler advice to “geeks” on meeting girls: “You have to talk to them” :-) (today on )
Great time @ Cubs game yesterday. Heading out now to see Tim McGraw.
I don't care if you're black, white, straight, bisexual, gay, lesbian ... If you're nice to me, I'll be nice to you. Simple as that - Eminem
Not the cry, but the flight of the wild #Wedge mustache post-game, leads the flock to fly and follow.
i love him! Isnt he so good?!
That's so meta, I'm going to tell you that it's meta while doing a little meta-reflection of my own.
Glass of water for Ole Lady......
Agreed! However...mitgating circumstances: On-Call Pager attached to my hip.
Great keynote by at #SXSW "don't worry. worry your ass off. have iron clad confidence but doubt; it keeps you awake and alert.
It's stuff I've collected over the years. Just trying to do something worthwhile with my Instragram account and iPhone.
thank you!
Holiday season is here so find affiliate products people want & make some serious money online
you read my mind Tyler. That's what I was about to do! Damn you to hell FB!
“ Ion do no cheating if I'm wit cha I'm wit cha”
“: Fred"s demo shows making the platform accessible to non IT is a key direction for SN #know12 #ovumit”
moderation is natures remedy for a broken heart - Kiera Condon
RT : Lisa Jewell on Are We Nearly There Yet? "One of my fave Writers. V funny & equally touching" #kindle £1.99...
Chile, your at Ihop again!!!!
We would love to!! CALL COOLCABRaleigh (919)633-2606 to reserve your RIDE! :-)
Also was fun to do readers advisory with someone at Grand Central Library today.. I heart graphic novels!!!!
Thank you... I love collecting and creating them : )
1 of the worst things a woman could do is keep her child away from his/her dad Bcuz him & her aren't kool anymore!
Attention Atlanta area filmmakers... Silverwood does more than music... We can handle your mixing, ADR, and Foley needs... Give us a call
Getting out of school at 10
Procrastination results in less success in life.
top selling women perfume 2day: miami glow
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards. -Soren Kierkegaard
Last Day to rock Orlando!
thank you!
So, told me you tattled on me and my vote for bagels. The breakfast taco inquisition is now officially after me
lol! Good luck...
125,000 FOLLOWERS. Oh boy you go Dylan. 4 for you
I never lose sight of the fact that just being is fun. ~Katharine Hepburn
I Wanna Marry Popeye...
Librarians have stormed Bananarchy at
I got bottles and ashes every where : Omg I need to clean my room
I'm still trying to process what the heck just happened on AGT...
Good morning from ! Check out our site: www.savetodaycentral.com for the best one-stop shop for OKC's Daily Deals!
New in Reference Universe: A Dictionary of Creation Myths from Oxford University Press
Its always the prettiest girls that are the most insecure.
i could definitely use...... beats...
Thanks for FOLLOWING U Guys ROCK!
Next two weeks: weeks from hell. At least my birthday is on Sunday!
If you take Xanax and other prescription drugs mixed with alcohol. Don't go swimming!
Done and done!
when did girls and women become called hoes? Last time I checked we were called young ladies
"new york city" SHINDIG!
everyday is another chance to make your dreams come true
You don't need more time just use what you have more efficiently! Coach Terry
Send em home,
This lakers performance is beyond embarrassing. It's not surprising given their trouble with Denver, but still disappointing.
"You can only understand people if you feel them in yourself." John Steinbeck... Joshua was a prolific, inquisitive reader of Steinbeck.
#dale.... Wrong Pitbull?
I say thank the lordy for Arrested Development!
You got me fallin
yes i am why?
I miss you too!!!! Scotch Broom is so empty!!
Had 2 switch twitters cuz I got in twitter jail on da other one...but its not 2 early..lol..u jus can't handle the heat
I fasted Twitter for a week!!!! I missed it so much!!!
At night I can *maybe* see why, but in the daytime that's just silly.
O yea Happy Cinco de Mayo ? Ok drink Mexican beer & tequila.
did you get the glowsticks??
he did the first verse at this concert way back. There was like 50 people in the crowd, that far back.
that's what another kid was saying. Nothing quite like an English class where all we do is discuss hockey
thanks for drinking OBP. But it is not made by Orlando Brewing. Brewer is Tom Moench. Thx.
What on earth does Man Town smell like?
9 pm-close enjoy our fabulous draft beer selections for 1/2 price tonight!
Good structure is necessary, but don't try to bypass good storytelling by meticulously following a formula.
I love Torts
Thanks for the RT glad you liked the quote.
Manage your energy as though it has endless possibilities...because it does.
#fridaylistens finished Brava Valentine by Trigiani and started Trick of the Light by Penny
where to nextt ???
; i'll get right on that.
Bored eating some licorice trying to figure out if I should just get drunk an take Vics an sleep
I wanna change my 4th, 5th & 6th grade years.
yeah right! I asked you for a review to add comfort, you said you couldn't do it. lol glad to have you around though
Unusually busy for a Wednesday especially given it is our down season. Thanks for asking. How was yours?
#levishotdogs I Just had the combo, it's a hot dog, fish cakes and pepper hash...2 for 1 deal for Twitter Followers out of this world!
Making a fake billboard. Drinking red wine.
Go Rebels !
Oh, there are SO many NSFW things I would want this service to have....
which shoes do you wear?
Highlight of Saturday night: Micky's playing 's 'Only The Horses!' Ah <U+2665>
Testing out new phone tweets
Good t-shirts make for good times
Have any info on the 2012 Cinco De Mayo festival?
Denim chicken
Tough for the refs not to call that one on Foligno, but probably shouldn't have been a penalty.
Can't wait to see you! RT Stopping in later 2day to get some new stuff to wear on The Shopping Channel.
I'm either your neighbor or your dealers' neighbor. So, can y'all just agree to share the road?
Did she say," Please put some other music on this thing! You're killing me with all the Toto!" :D
Heard someone else talking about that show as well. I'll give them a listen today.
Longest 5 minutes ever
woo! Miss you too!
#MyBiggestFlaw is that I cannot control my anger. .
Check out www.blueskytours.com for great trips to Hawaii - how'bout $1300 for 5-nites @ the Royal Kona - brkfst dly, luau, car, more!
And look at Evelyn.
chickens and people:)
if you let your feelings go dear , it's crazy what you'll find
So much on my mind right now:/ I'm going to hit the gym really hard right now!!!
I remember "Habit," tho not proud to admit it -- MTM reference was an attempt at a highly obscure "Change of Habit" joke.
when can i see what you bought?
How sweet it must be to be on the Joides Resolution!!
Welcome Marlo and Jean!
hi preity - i would love to hire you to host a video chat with your fans. DM me for more details.
tried watching the pilot of American Horror Story, and I got so freaked out in the first 10 minutes I had to stop
I would love it! Thanks for that. My cholesterol levels thank you, too
Just announced our first recital date! Sept 18 - Spanish and Latin American Zarzuela/Opera!
Looking forward to the party for the new location at keller williams west tomorrow.
Strange I lost my job about a month ago..
shoutout to my home skillet & LOL
I'm Fucking Disaster Movie... :D
Perspective changes when the bridges have been burned, and no other option is left but to succeed!
I kept feeding her money till her shit started to make sense .
So...Damn i 4got R.I.P. Biggy Smalls aka
Anytimee(: What's up?
Wow big game for Aresenal!!!
I hate when someone tells me something so fucked up that I can't think of anything to say. I just stand there with a stupid look on my face.
at the Jazz Showcase w/ tenor sax of our time Ron Blake, Dennis Carroll bass, Kobie Watkins drums. Tonight through Sunday. Should be fun.
yeah, somehow I imagine yancy's cheese with the massage, yikes
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Laura Beier on the 12U team for joining us in our 2012 sand program
So i told Alex i REALLY like him, and he said he REALLY liked me, and then my mom made me get off the computer :/ which sux. :/
Gotta go with Bama
Smh you fucked it up? RT : Hit somebody car today
Well played! I picked Daddy Long Legs out of a hat...stupid hat!
There are alot of decent hoes claiming their off the chain.. point em out..
I A M . Ima take everything down and re-do the entire thing and make room for my direction posters gunnna be hawt ^.^
Thanks, G-man!
Is it me or does it seem #Safari uses less memory and is more efficient than #Chrome?
There's stuff money can't buy. Extra time on the clock, for instance.
I hate groupies!!
like before my goal
welcome to my life. Lol
#Homies central better go hard on st. Peterson kuh
What a horrendous play by Danks.
I guess exceptions can be made :]
Alright... I'm starving... Leaving early to get food... Dang I hate that I forgot to fix my lunch before leaving today...
I can't 4 it! I<U+E022>u Justin u Rawk
THANK YOU! So excited :')
No support for John Brown's raid in the future West Virginia.
Tonight at ! at 6pm at the Market Wine Bar.
I got sick really sick went to the hospital an everything im a lil better now though
Keely just finished up her classes. Now just grading and entering grades.
Lovely night..one happy girl.
Sixers doubling Pierce and KG everytime they touch the ball.
I can't fucking stand bad readers. You're in 10th grade! Learn how to read!
it sucks haha
r33c3: I feel people who aren't info pros own the meaning of the word 'librarian' -- in the archaic sense.
thanks for the tweet Nisi! Got your email & sent a reply. Will look at my calendar & let you know.
y bipolar
Well, hopefully... but at what cost to my sanity? ;)
Player goes on the field. Field is wet and slippery. Player gets a Yellow Card. Pretty much sums up the #SKCvsCHI game with
Laura Mercier make-up is awesome! Paulina @ Pualinas Spa on Wauwatosa WI can hook you up!
I live very close to there! : where in Albuquerque? I used to live on Indian School near University, years ago.
upland to see a show.
Another fabulous job by Melissa ta Brio Salon in Pittsford!
I'm not stupid... I know why you guys never invited me to the studio with Esther... I see what its all about..
not if one game is a Sunday and the other is to late to get flight back!
It Wouldnt Surprise Me At All If The Miami Heat Swept The Knicks. Lebron Obliterated Them In Game 1.
I so voted YES on PROP 19!
I'm defiantly going :)
And its officialy the end of my era
Thanks for the Follow!
Gearing up for a big meeting that could break new ground for Lovable Varmint and new media in the area. Wish us luck!
Texas Senate out to kill our kids.
"It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye." ~ Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
Done with everyone. Every last one of you can eat shit
Left work early due to my gimpy wrist. Ice and ibuprofen aren't helping.
Having fun at the beach :D
Guh I get more and more pumped every time I see commercial for never say never..BRING IT ON ALREADY!!
you'd still be mad at me !
i know, i know - i'm quite the athlete!
Looks like we are going to the Angels opening night game in LA! Part of baseball history... I've nevr been to MLB opening day b4
Congratulations to and ! and for their great efforts. Now, let's get elected
Great webinar today!
See, I don't think you are a realist. A realist would know its too early in season 2 know a team has cost itself playoffs
i'm unhappy about all of it... obama was supposed to end the wars, not just continue duhhhbaya's policies.
Thanks for the #WW shout out ;)
omg, i need to go to italy right now to get more food.
I love my Lord and Provider.
Watching the movie SELENA<U+E022><U+E328><U+E327><U+E328><U+E022>always will be remembered
Lol. (X you've seen me around?
“:The Help...best movie I have ever seen. The message is unbelievable. Everyone needs to see it. We are all equal.GOD IS LOVE.”
: Also...the strike isn't all about Occupy. So again...no.
Tip of the Day: If it's hard to manipulate the floss, use a floss holder or interdental cleaner.
I sure do know how to pick my guys ...
And I'm back! says I don't tweet enough, hard to do with a 5month old that demands all your free time! :)
's keeks are always so entertaining! :) I love them!!! :)
That's say I have eyzs ku can get last in
So I went out of my way to follow this dude because he was begging for his 100th follower, & he didn't even follow back. SMH
Life is a garden..DIG IT!!!
Can't recommend it enough!
im at school (: chillen with aaron!
Sad to hear of Chuck Colson's death. He took his mistakes & used them 4 good of prisoners in 113 countries! Talk about beauty from ashes!!
Oh lol my bad
I know, he's become annoying now
ahaha how come ur up so late?
I almost forgot how lonely it was to be single :/
Food..! Yes. Thank Yu Lord. <U+2665>
Research Scientist in Type 1 Diabetes (Research Fellow)
"I gave her my heart and she gave me a pen."
Thanks for the RTs! We hope you'll join us in volunteering, donating (matching funds available) or at Rock 2 Rebuild, our #Haiti concert.
just downloaded it thanks man.
Why did no one tell me about ? Thank you for retweeting the hilarity.
O so i did my speach today. pretty cool.
Jets down at half 24-3. Dandy Don (RIP) might be singin' early tonite...
weather is really nice actually....it's nice and sunny now and it's pretty breezy where i live.....which island are you visiting???
enjoy yr stay. many eagles fans here in the 305.
Love ! Thanks for being here in Nashville.
I wouldn't be so irritated at this dying printer if I hadn't spent $23 on a new cartridge TODAY.
Looking forward to inaugural PDX 1/2 marathong Sunday! Should be great weather.
Excited that we won the Bride's Choice Award 2012! That means we are in the top 5% of Wedding Pros nationwide! :)
wait till next year jakey
An honor, sir! RT : thanks for being my 500th follower. Let's do this.
Rhymes better than MC Hawking, at least.
between next week and MDW after that, it looks like our next opportunity will be June 4! Thoughts?
I would name my show "The Averagette" and the screening process would be "does not wear a baseball hat"
Drizzy on the jukebox
Big day for Cleveland. Casino opens tonight. Enjoy your stay! RT : So excited to visit in our new city today!!!
It's a long slow beautiful dance, to the beat of a heart.
My loan was approved (: then my sister took me shopping :)
Stuck on shift, pissed I'm missing
this is looking like a contest of who can act like they care less
Herman Cain will announce his future plans. Will he stay on the trail? Watch Brigdet and I on KUSI - we are live now!
love you too...
Yea. It's definitely a balancing act. And yet will denying someone access to porn or gambling adversely effect their lives?
congrats on your first 5K that is awesome! good luck on your next one
You ain't got nobody that can work like me! RT : I'LL WRAP YA HEAD IN WITH A FUCKIN RATCHET
Oh I wish I was at #cafewha? tonight to see #vanhalen I hear it was amazing ! Where is the video?
DON'T. RUN. EVER!
WAIT.. The pats get a TD from the exact same play that WASNT a TD from Finley?! I do not understand that stupid rule.
Here too, it's the only way, really. RT : sunday night... heavy on the pasta!
-uhm, nothing. i`m bored. :/ HBU?
Its OK, I drown out the sound of my Model-M with Taylor Swift music /cc
Yes!! Welcome home Hoosier native !
thanks for the rt!
that's great everybody doing fine tell your mom I said hi:-)
Yung KING 'We Do This' Mixtape drops June 21st
lol omg :x we will talk tomorrow!
about to put down a new song on you tube.
Palindrome of the day: "Won't I panic in a pit now?"
Had a lot of coffee, had a lot of sugar. Slightly crashing, but can't.
One of the great regrets of my life was skipping seeing at the Mid-South Fairgrounds in Memphis. Maybe in the Dells.
Hope you are enjoying your Sunday thus far! Always stay true to who you are. Just know there are sacrifices to all things worth having.
so did you get a new iPhone?
Pitt Psych Dept.: "Bomb threats obvious unresolved Oedipal complex, resulting in latent manifestation of Cathedral phallus-envy."
shut up. you know nothing about me.
Starting my taxes because: why not?
I hope you watched American Dad, Roger said it's sad that Artie on Glee doesn't actually need a wheelchair in real life.
Portobello, red pepper, tomato, spinach, artichoke, chicken, goat cheese and balsamic panini for lunch. Yuuummmmmmm :)
Monday Morning Brain Buster ANSWER: The average American has 8 keys.
#PepsiTeamInvite announcers bash Katie Flood "Dropping down to 800m, can't possibly beat Oregon" Not the kind of announcing I like.
oh my god you just made my night haha. they're so tight!
How is this...lolzz..
I have my Mom rubbing my feet right now. Long day at work.
I see hash tags for #snowpocalypse2. Doesn't the term "apocalypse" preclude possibility of a sequel?
Taking Blue to the vet for his first checkup. Lil dude is gettin big!
Who wants to be Vice President of Promotion for ? Promote "Do It Anyway" through word of mouth.
FOUND VAN HALEN SHIRT! FUCK YEAH WE'RE GONNA PARTY TONIGHT!
Not currently an ambiturner . . . Like Derek Zoolander's evil twin, I can't turn right
lol! hope you like Vancouver :D
Factoring discounts vary considerably, and will depend on the factoring company, and probably particularly on the age of the receivables.
Makes us sob sometmes, but tru RT : "in a world of fb & YouTube, y wld anyone come 2 a museum website?"
just curious, how were the companies selected? Any emphasis on women executives or on BOD?
hee hee. Mainly for the recipes.
Have the courage to face a difficulty lest it kick you harder than you bargained for. - Stanislaus I, Maxims
complex fiction, yes..but most don't invite it by satisfying emotional arcs. the holes weren't my biggest problem with the end.
good for you. sounds like it'll be a neat film
I'm Like SO HEAATTEEEDDDD
I couldnt possibly disagree with your point more That decision has exactly 0% chance of standing. But thanks for the RT :)
RT : Put it on your calendar #TasteOfTriangle 2013 April 19th. #Bigger #Better San Diego Non Profit for City Schools 92122
"Don’t sit down and wait for the opportunities to come." Get up and make them! – C.J. Walker
*smh* You are something else. What happened to you?
Hi Kimmie:3 The song I really love from you is Olive Yew(:
tip top meats at Palomar & I-5. Full on German eatery. Must have.
Lakers fans happy , but they lost by 29 and La cant beat Mia .
It is indeed Piney from RSN and of course you are CTLovestheSox. :)
So it may be time to bring in the bullpen.
I'd like to tell him to get his dad a bigger jersey this year. Nobody wants to see that tight ass jersey on him
ironically, I am a head exploding alien
search iPTT in the App store.
The life you live is the truth you follow. -Joel Garcia /
I'll try. I just don't want to wake up and be groggy. You know?
congrats on the follow/dm/rt carlss<3 you're so lucky!
Yall hve to visit me “: we gonna be up in Philly !!”
Phil Hellmuth on Dancing with the Stars? Please tell me this is a joke? Phil, you are like the Paris Hilton of poker players.
I am so excited about this trip.
why is it so nice outside?!
Making a gourmet breakfast. A hot pocket and vitamin water.
RT Don't know why this caught my eye so much, but our leading rebounder is Andrew w/ 83 total rebs. 2nd is Rose w/ 82.
It's not me, it's you
#IfICouldIWould get the thought of you outta my head.
We read about the fires. Our thoughts are with you guys, especially those athletes who lost their homes.
Yes! I think they're in the same family...
Did you notice his eyes are shut in one of those pics?! LOL Baby Goalies FTW!
It's very well appreciated.
damn ur pussy is so tight
Can you follow me?! Please?!
it was a really good article :)
I do. And made a reservation at Uva Enoteca in the Haight. :)
RT milwaukee record? barrett could mention walkers criminals to run the prisons plan
and ledacris? Really you couldn't think of anything more original, why don't you hop off 's sack you lame
Evan Rosenbaum W'14 wants to reimagine books and change the reading experience with EKR Media
Shakespeare's advice to Michelle Bachmann & Sarah Palin: "Give thy thoughts no tongue."
If you do yourself 1 favor today, make some Kale Chips with Nutmeg. Pretty much as easy as tearing up kale and put'n it in the oven. YUM!
are you going to let me follow you this time lol
march madness! see what I did there?
Not even watching my brothers game
we're adding green creme de menthe today as well.
why does it have to be so cold right now?
because i won't be able to go to california this summer anyways. ;n;
My pain, my suffering will be your comfort.
I'm going to your concert tonight! Hope your at the OC Fair with ! ;) <3
Forever an Aztecs fan's refrain: It's only a game. It's only a game. It's only a game ....
Just paid off a credit card! A friend asked if it was a food feeling. Yes. Food and good feelings abound......
I thought he got signed by Houston? We played against him when they came here
very glad you dudes came to the show!
do media and fans focus more on a QBs height than coaches and GMS?
50% more tentacles rocks! Maybe not a review, but a bumper sticker?
We're calling this past weekend's crack down on gangs a "success". It makes it sound like we did something really good for a change.
Facilitating re dig citizenship at tie col conference in June..what are you doing to make sure students are aware of their dig footprints?
Dammit. If I hit my industrial one more time, i'm gonna be severely pissed.
Now begging this blunt to please roll itself...
I seem to remember Kittydew trying to convince my DrF was easy
No Work for me Tomorrow! YAHH YAHH
Snagged axhamgames on FB. Wanted axham, but was taken by someone whose name it wasn't. time for shuteye. no can #gamedev for a week. :-(
REMINDER: Grand Rounds tomorrow @ noon in Gorman Auditorium, where Dr. David Rabin will lecture on "Sustainable and Effective Health Care"
HA! Fat Elvis! “ I like this new plan. Hit everything at Fat Elvis in right field!!”
I didn't do anything to youu...
Great day with and demonstrating new data collection technology!
Dreaming with Joanides calling me Pocahontas at a trial lmfao.
I don't regret the things I've done, i regret the things i didn't do when i had the chance
I love the fact that my chest and abs are naturally bare of hair (: just hope it stays that way!!!
Can't Wait Till Summer Breakk Bro ( :
#SCMS12 Agloro on media production + community service meets grades 6-12 standards that are in many disciplines (not media standards).
#stopbullying see LIVE now
Please keep my fellow Tucsonans in your prayers. Thoughts and prayers to those who lost their lives and those who are recovering.
I love goldfish.
nope! Exactly 2 months before #BELIEVE . What's up?
im higher than dinosaur pussi
You ever have your mind so set on something that when you don't get that thing you feel like a failure.
Very weird... Just had a phonecall from an anonymous young woman (actively anonymous) asking whether she needed to cite x, y, z.
Well gang going on a new job interview today. Wish me luck. It looks like Avatar may be the next step in the future of movie making.
I want to go back to sleep!!:(
In seeking wisdom thou art wise; in imagining that thou hast attained it - thou art a fool.
Where is a good place to get sushi in South Tampa?
im just not tired tonight.. owell
yeah, fat chance
I got you :3 I'm just gonna go next weekend
try singing...it's like instant auto-tune! RT I think that you are never too old to talk into a fan to hear ur robot voice.
What's happeningin sd
B12 wont go to 11. If they expand for 2013 then 12 is magic number. 11 is decided but needs a partner better than cincy. We tried, sorry
The most expensive phone number sold was cell phone number 666-6666, auctioned off for charity in Qatar. It sold for $2.7 million.
well im sure we can get a group together. Friday the 10th is fireworks and student id night.
my understanding is that Jefferson was a Deist who believed Jesus thought of himself ....as a Deist, not a messianic figure.
I just rub myself with Cheeto dust.
Agreed! RT : Beginning of a needed discussion w/ Don't let it drop Let's work on it
Your making me hungry, Adam!
If I had $10k, I would not even come close to paying off my student loans. Hooray!
There's nothing wrong with being shallow as long as you're insightful about it
Going to bed right now, feel like death :(
It's official: #Facebook files for IPO to raise $5 Billion
the ticket says Doug loves boobies. Except it's really Doug loves movies. So it's like wordplay. Get it.
Tonight's Free Play Specials: Incredible Hulk shots & the Tomb Raider Dog topped w/ carrots, cilantro, peanuts, sprouts & peanut sauce!!
Who's more important to #Bulls title run? Boozer or Rip? Who you got?
I just told some stuff I thought I'll never tell to no one!!!
bodega breakfast
Haven't check it yet. Anything new to share?
you better meet me in the hallway after this for #TwerkTeamThursday practice
I only have twitter for and
IMMA KEEP VOTING CAUSE I WANT THAT USTREAM FROM YOU GUYS...IM A DEDICATED MINDLESS FAN!!!!!FOLLOW ME BACK PLEASE:):):)
whats god girl ;p
My grandpa likes to party to much man..like damn<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Tuesday= the only day I don't have a midterm exam this week... Does the school not realize this harmful to my well-being?!
should come play a song or two for my cousins benefit at the Mansfield fat daddy's. got too much country over here ha!
Look at me now.Look at me now.I'm gettin TAPERED!
Holy shit! This may be the best thing I've ever heard on the radio!
RT:Welcome to H-Town!! >>
Thanks man.
when r u comin to miami of nyc?? <3 plzz follow me?
Start your New Year’s resolution early with our orchard salad, served with crisp pears, apples, and green goddess dressing!
This could be true, don't test me! ": If a #Scorpio woman gets mad at you, she will break your face."
i was just thinking about the week ahead of me....we may need to get cheesies tomorrow night...thoughts?
we found love in a soapless place . HAHAHAHA
There are good people out there in world, surround yourself with them and see yourself grow.
That bitch was fuckin me& suckin me at
Hello Taryn: You have some very nice material. I hope you have a great weekend.
Check out our auction tonight at Bid Daddy Auctions 4814 Hardware Dr. NE Albuquerque, NM 87109 505-344-4330
Who would have thought the thing that would give me good grades was a little hard work.
nun. Wass good
Map #semantic #networks for corporate #reputation, #branding, #image with full semantic network or list of include words/phrases
Big News--$2 Tacos to be offered on Thursdays starting this week! Get them Tuesdays&Thursdays!
Great job playing Snooki. -
Roll the dope. I'm ready to get zooted
Thanks for the mention! and the beautifully printed cards.
I hear you JBB!!!
Inside joke is inside.
wish I could attend. First year that I will not be present
excited for you guys
Moving offices today. Giving up lots of space to gain a window. Think it's worth it? I feel lucky just to have an office. And a job.
what's the word?
Hearing multiple songs on the radio back to back that just piss you off more.
Should i do 10 facts about myself? :)
Is it a question of more or less? I think the question is filler-meat stories vs. actual investigations of crime.
thanks so much!
Nana wanted me to tell you she loves her leopard poncho you got her for Christmas, Nana and papa say they love you
Watching 16 & pregnant not only wants to make me wanna wait til im older to have kids, but its making me wanting no kids at all.
seeing on #TheVoice tonight brought back some great childhood memories for me!! You sang your ass off, cheering for ya!!
i suppose ill let that slide lol
Thanks for the recommendation and happy birthday!
Just some things you don't say to or about your friend
Put a gun to my head and paint the walls with my brains, put a gun to my head and paint the fucking walls
If you got Nothin nice to say, then don't say anything at all.
And #JMC335 is finished. Well, sans the final projects I have to grade. It was a wonderful and educational experience.
RT : Let’s get this party started!
Nice day in Columbia
had so much fun floating the Sandy river for your birthday! Now on to $2 beers at East Burn. What a great day!
yes, that would be weird, but I hope she does it anyway. :)
lol um do u know how much it cost??
With great weather all over the country did anyone get out and enjoy some park or patio time this weekend?
Happy Halloween everyone! I saved the best Halloween party for last - tonight
I wouldn't mind camping out at school the night before our last day.
RT Really? I'll bite : Don't be a jackhole, tweet something w/ #MKETwestivalCares tag. gets a dollar.
First time in a while a cigarette actually tasted good.
Life changing XFACTOR go chris, melanie, josh awesome
I will be working some evenings this week to finish up some floor cleaning work in 651.
you can't help being a geek. lol
Meeting of the African American Men on the Hill. breaking down the Senate Judiciary Committee.
HE BEAT IT LIKE A COP!
haha I would be happy to share my limited knowledge of that fine drink!
Suns rising while ya...
#GreysAnatomy was....just wow!
I'm picturing soggy sheep & trying not to laugh. Honest! RT The sheep are very vocal today. Think they're probably very soggy
On da bus nd its slow
he really isnt even that good though. Only reason he is famous is because of an Ex wife. That is so lame.
He sometimes makes me wanna be 's religion. Like reeeaaalllyyyyy
Navin Chaddha and Tim Chang Named to Forbes Midas List of Top Tech Investors
I'll tell you where I am, if you tell me where you are.
I'm dying to know the context here.
Boo birds out in philly first period was pathetic lucky only to be down 1
Blessings and Rewards are always on the other side of Commitment!
Battle of kid tablets #ces #kap2012 - wide range of features (cameras, video, connectivity, expansion) & prices. Who helps parents choose?
have you found yourself a place to live?
Even the most desperate life is oh so wonderful.
MY graduation party bout to be like that i stamp bout to have some bandS monopoly bread and i hit up fat trel bookin HOPEN HE COME
I feel like an anti-flag song is to blame but I can't remember which one
Ok klout tells me now that I am influential about homosexuality, Chicago, and technology. Still strange, but that works I guess.
Rail mail #haiku for Poetry Month: Shrieking train whistle / Quick sorting, sorting, sorting / Cozy, warm mail bag
- follow me ;p
GOODMORNING TO ALL
I am a student at GCC. The piano is being played EVERY DAY by MANY people. Nice to see it getting tuned today too!
It's the sort of thing that i suppose is in some markets conceivable. In that area, in that building, darn near unpossible.
Santos down 2-0 with 44 minutes gone in the second half. And tied it . Good by Tigres. Rayados vs Santos
Thanks, Bob!
Getting ready for another amazing day of cooking
Despondent about Daniel Schorr's passing. 9:10AM Saturday mornings just won't be the same.
Agree w/ re "direct engagement" in #LatinAmerica to counter #Iranian influence & #DrugCartels. RT
i'm loving that pic of you and Perez! :D
She was built with some swagger
Kentucky doesn't need to blow it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
I could write a book on #fitness and #weightloss if you or anyone you know needs any tips feel free to RT or msg. I love sharing knowledge.
Ok im gonna check it out
are you trying to get me excited for friday??
Fill it in: Figueroa's + ____ = One great day!
Just arrived Wifi exists but everyone seems to be downloading movies or something.
#mtiprivacy discussing Consumer Privacy Bill of Rights recently introduced by the White House.
Looks like another beautiful day ahead for the midwest. Sunny and 80's
What Patrick be smoking ?
Woohoo! It's gonna go down that day! #partylikerockstars Oh wait, Hance is already a rock star. :P
funny stuff!
Aiiiiiiiiight! By yourself?
haha. Ops. Sorry.
Hoping April showers bring May flowers!
picture please !?;)
You use to be amazing... Then you changed.
RT #Management thought of the day: #Appearance can't make a manager #successful, but can unnecessarily sabotage one.
Doing fine thankfully my phone still works. Hope to be online soon but thankfull to be alive!
Pretrial hearing for alleged Christmas Tree bomber filled with talk of undercover agents, secret recordings and potentially classified info
I don't believe in human contact.
MU waterski team's pasta fundraiser is tomorrow at the 2040 lofts from 5 to 7 pm. All you can eat pasta, salad and dessert!
Are you going to get off of the computer anytime soon?
RT : Dr Cerf tkng TV product placement 2 interactive experience through IPTV - links 2 store dn the road & says it's in stock.
The secret of all great undertakings is hard work and self-reliance. Gustavus F. Swift -
is your dj this evening at HAVEN SOUTH BEACH...it's about to go down hard tonight people, see tonight! Great set is planned!
GLENN BECK TO END HIS SHOW!!!
Because mellio2 needs a Twitter account.
Stop worrying about people who aren't in your life anymore. There's a reason they didnt make it to your future.
I got back to seattle at 10 pm and it was a small plane so we had to walk outside and I thought I was gonna freeze even tho it was 50°....
there's no "R" in chicago AND no "S" in Illinois
Closed SHORT $USDCAD for +10 pips profit; 2% of the community volume is trading the USDCAD with sentiment 18% SHORT
Thanks--love WU!
Cats don't understand physics.
promise him something he loves immediately after
Good morning #Pasco! What's happening around the #tampabay area today?
Fuck it, I'm putting a bunch of my own fucking music on really loud and banging my head
you are not a tweeting machine. Let's see you make double digits through on your tweet count.
That's what's up.
are you going to the food truck thing at VHS?
Project X = craziness
woke up. Didn't know what day it was. Realized was Sunday... nice.
I think the UC crowd is quiet because they're refraining from booing.
can't hook you up w/ july 6 tix (once they go on sale its outta my hands) try getting a bleacher seat if any are left?
your welcome:) I love watching your videos, by the way your kind of cute:]
Hey Jer! Gonna call you this week-got a few events coming up!
Check out the brains on u! haha
Over 50% of the house for Friday night is sold! Yahoo!
I can't wait to get up to to start prepping for the concert tonight! This is gonna be off the charts!
We can dance if we want to!
Yum! RT : and the iberico ham! RT : A1. I'd love to rediscover the magic of Sevilla, Spain again and again.
Lovin Life and the people in it!
You can't get too comfortable and you can't catch feelings too quickly.
that ribbon of dehydrated rhubarb is genius! And tasty!
Interesting about #Cloud strategy.
you need to watch the other episodes!!
FoxNews: Best Buy said its former chief executive Brian Dunn -- who abruptly resigned in April following allegations of an affair with a
Chain cost the coupe<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097>, coupe cost tha crib<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A0>, ridin with the choppa<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> like its ma friend! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB>
Dream on dreamer
I have been crying and crying for weeks...
They have it in Oregon, but it's pricey and only comes in cans.
One of our clients was killed in a hit and run accident yesterday. 3 drivers hit her and left her. what the hell is wrong with people?
Hm From the bloodshed in #Syria to Nick Cannon. *sigh* Americana.
I have to admit I love those two… especially the first
MUST FOCUS
Home sweet home! Let's see who wins between the Pats and Broncos
see also: woof (wolf), pi'cher (picture), etc
RT : Had a great time on the panel with Good times>Yes So fun!
annex was just as poppin as quad. don't front.
these peeps can fry my bacon anytime
Must See TV! RT nflnetwork Coming your way next, NFL's Greatest Games: #SB13 (8pm ET) vs
I think one of the best ways of measuring outcomes is to ask those teens who take part what they got out of the program.
Happy New Year!! Come party with Vegas' HOTTEST Showgirls and ring in the new year right! We're here 'til 6am, guys...
Justin bieber
game day ...get focused!
Mosquito bites in March. Oh brave, new world that has such insects in it!
Don't forget to text your glove vote today! Text READS to 86132
That GOONIES Movement coming in t minus
#imagine you are on a plane and austin is kissing you down the neck. you: omg... austin: shhh, no one will hear you. ;]
The Panthers also can clinch the Southeast Division with a win against Winnipeg and a Washington regulation loss on Monday in Tampa Bay.
I love getting peircings, but I never keep the peircing in long. Getting my cartilage peirced Friday. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
haha (: do you like cody simpson? ^^
Strategic HR is achieved "Beyond HR" per in his Transformative HR session at
I remember manuscript boxes redolent of cigar smoke, but dried coldcuts are something else entirely. Ewwwww.
What do you #grill most often? Beef, chicken, or fish?
I have heartburn. I'm gonna die.
RT : TIP- Successful home businesses are fueled by good marketing, lead generation & VALUE on the front end
- we are thrilled to have you aboard as the moderator for the next CNN Dialogues!
RT : Yul #Kwon #survivor cook island winner, joins us to talk about his new adventure on Tweet ur questions now
FOLLOW MY INSTAGRAM @ mahomie14 ADD ME ON KIK SAME USER NAME <3
And now I am again sitting alone.
Ah, sorry--should have been in previous tweet (4/3)
Welcome to twitter :)!
luv u girl
Help the world today - because you never know if you will be able to help tomorrow!
I am aware that success is more than a good thought. It is timing too.
“: nice gear.” Thanks! Lots more coming soon...full website should be up and open for business very soon.
#Vegan chipotle tomato and red pepper soup today!
Right? It's a little frustrating. Time for some independent RDA studyin'.
nah, i'm cool... RT : Y'all Want Some New Lola?
listening to , so bored, iyiyi xD
NBA is almost back? Nigga why am I giving them a chance again?
Earlier I cleaned my windshield with window cleaner and a maxi pad.
Already sayin we're cheating
using the mr. clean nickname...nice
I just wish I still had that one person I can go to for everything, the one I could call mine !
How Freud duped the church: , who promotes friendships btwn married men and women, responds to :...
Come on calvin you know you want to hang out with friends!
Universe contains 3 things that cannot be destroyed; Being, Awareness & LOVE
Go easy on the syrup! Have a happy!!!
Welcome back graduate students. "The doors of wisdom are never shut." ~ Benjamin Franklin
Your face rocks!
ahh that's true. so many girls are dressing up really nice for them though. afterwards, i'm roaming all of tampa to find them.
I am going to have to start watching revenge if you are on it.
Thank goodness the Brewers are done with the always incredibly difficult to deal with future Hall of Famer Jeff Suppan.
When you look at it from Arthur's point of view....the camelot sort of sucked....
How'd you get so fly? From not being afraid to fall out of the sky. Yeah Jay Z.
happy to have live here for #Reidandfiorentino golf classic.
don't you ever let me do karaoke again.
The museum is open today and Friday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Come celebrate your days off school with us!
I swear, I have to get my hair permanently straightened again this summer. Florida doesn't like my hair.
thanksgiving break, i will get videos uploaded. on hopefully most of my channels. c:
"Stepping higher" gives us a better vantage point, a clearer view not only of where we have been, but where it is best to go.
omg yes it was very uncomfortable they pressed all in my bladder I was glad when it was Done!
THIS IS MY SHOWER! AND THIS IS MY TOILET!
Big moves over there at Linked In, hey ?
So I wasn't the only one who saw that sweet sunset!
This chick
Watching first season of sons of anarchy. Wicked addicting show and I'm only 6 episodes in.
Walk in the Memorial Day Parade behind the Library banner! Sign-up sheets are at the library and the opportunity to order a t-shirt.
My xmas tree is white (now every1 knows it's not real) unless you believe it's "snow" mmmkaayy
Somemore good feedback from German training - 'A very good day – most enjoyable – Jo made it really fun and not intimidating'.
This music shit is gonna be the life and death of me, lol.
you're amazing(;
Now here's a deal @ Sonic Bmore. Mozzarella sticks for 99c. today only. Hurry b4 deals blows away. limit 1. not vaild w/ other discounts.
I agree
I'm in the tent. You nearby?
im im on some island rite now you cool though ?
Will we ever see a natural dunk started from the 3 point line in our lifetime?
Hello my new friend!
even I get it all the time. Ridiculous! Who actually goes to the websites anyway?
#SMW Please consider a panel that talks of applied Creative Storytelling in Digital, rather than editorial observations.
Is there a google translator for pretentious design jargon?
Will be posting Science Lab Reports completed by students to our website.
I think you guys have a new obsessed fan on your hands lol.
Dem fuckas ain't makin' no sense.
Justin won tonight! Super proud! Selena had a great performance! Tswift was beautiful as always. Great Show!
Mayo's Alec Elseth dealing tonight. He tossed a complete-game two-hitter in the Spartans' 6-1 win over Mankato East. Finished with 7 Ks
que? Grub on Valencia
RT : We tend to our souls with other people: how we treat them is the gym in which we work out our ethical muscles....
lol naww... i just aint tryna the solution all out there like that
People are walking the streets of Galveston in a zombie-like state.
Party Like A Truck Driver!?!
it would!
. on the upside, when you spend the holiday alone, you save the life of a turkey. we're heroes, basically.
And how that all fell to shit when he died. It's really a great historical - and thought provoking - read
I have friend whose entire FB profile seems to be passive-aggressive swipes. That, & really bad music videos. Like Britney Spears.
doing some work on that, specifically ref. to Latino/a evangelicals/Catholic differences-breaks down on generational lines.
It would make sense. And I don't doubt those guys are more than practical. And they like crew/show, so why not? HW is a dice roll
only lipstick Haley
More importantly, what can we do to help?
": #NBA is back ! Retweet if you love the NBA. Dec. 25th"
I am going to review hundreds of pages of med records and advise an attorney today. One of my favorite activities.
Wow, 50,000 people have seen our magazine in less than a week!
Morning yoga makes everything better.
I miss
i know right! i show my mom the cheetos one and she looked at me with a straight face and was like "y'all stop acting goofy!"
I have an awards ceremony thing at Dreher in less than an hour
Thanks for the follow! Love your profile pic! Classic!
I wish that people would just tell me they hate me instead of pretending to be my friend lol
hey, that's my plan for tonight! Except for the paperwork and mopping up flood part.
I like rumors. I find out so much about me that I didnt even know.
Remember when the #Lakers were up by a lot & potentially jinxed them by saying "Lakers Pulling Away" and #KobeIsYourDaddy? I do.
Wow shopping downtown LA is awesome! Filming the rest of Blue Sky footage Sunday. Long awaited video coming soon. Lots of people to thank!
Ah! That's still good though. Weddings signify happiness. Wish him a congratulations for me.
Looking for #PBL quotes and information on #PBL. Anyone out there want to help with a #grant utilizing collaborative learning spaces
I'm doing great - just pushing through finals week..
Weird spending day at your desk. Glad I wasn't expected to do your job or fill your shoes.
what do y'all do
I didn't know was so young!!! What an inspiration!!
I see you on TV all the time!
come to Denver, CO !!
is in dallas playing house of blues right now. I am in Leighton PA playing a high school battle of the bands
Pizza of the Week: Quattro Formaggio (Four Cheese) -A Must Try Pie! A blend of mozzarella, asiago, provolone &parmesan cheeses
RT : Joining orgs is definitely on my summer to-do list! RT : Join your professional association and volunteer
hello niall!:) how are you!?;)
will you be carrying #nascar nationwide race from #Phoenix today?
haha you craze breh yah boi out here thicker than a snicker
Sign in NYC subway: You remember your favorite teacher’s name. Who will remember yours?
I think the answer is YES
no your not!
Klay Oven with the family.
A 49 year old man attempted to rob a New York bank with a....plunger. Something tells me he's about 3 fries short of a happy meal....
I bet Andre Beltre gave up that ball in blink
#ItsHardTo not think about you...even though you dont care...-__-
pa follow back ang pa shout out naman.. thanks!!!!
:-D Thanks... love ya
Jeff Van Gundy stinks, get him off ESPN please!
Happy #MusicMonday! We're so proud of all the pure talent going on in the hudson valley music scene.
Hey I just woke up, and I am cranky! So heres my thoughts, no school, maybe?
i finally resubbed.. not sure if I'm going to be hanging around Ragnarok or not yet. Need to get gaiters from a friend.
Visiting grandmas. No big bad wolf
Yeah, wondering if Microsoft Bob maybe didn't make it across the pond?
On the road again. Next stop the Berkshires!
Thanks for the follow!
oh well, u got 4
A man with my same name and my age killed someone in a drunk driving accident. Thanks for the heads up, Google Alerts.
WRAPPED and that's dinner!
Today on the #PGA I realized Hunter can be great. Westwood will be in the mix in 2012. #Golf will soon have the next Tiger @ number #1 Rory!
is washing down my protein shake with Jelly bellies :-)
I love getting texts from that certain someone :) smiles of course!!
Happy Monday! Try our all new ORGANIC spray tanning formula! you will love the results!
In the TV studio all day working on a new commercial with a client...lights...camera...action :)
lol! You guys are too much!
i love it so much!
Don't seem to know who my REAL friends are anymore......Kind of CONFUSED?. O.O O.o Feelinq: Anonymous
What should we call our new All-You-Can-Eat Sushi Specials on Mondays? It's gotta have that #ATX flair... :)
John seriously makes me so angry omg I really just got pissed, poor big show, lol I got anger issues I can't watch wrestling dude lmao
I need someone to make vietnameses coffee for me 24/7.
A League of Their Own!
Shame! Shame! Shame.... They need to bring back hanging..... Because most of who killing ppl r afraid to be kill...
NEED CO SIGNER FOR MY NEW PLACE. HOLLER, MONEY IS NOT AN ISSUE
soft gentle touch for sure! ;)
Oh, good! Hope you have a good time at #beyondthetextbook with your brand-spankin new cards!
One day at a time...
Im coming thru.
Sandwich Emporium is open Friday and Saturday nights till 10:00.
I'm so fucking fucking close to kicking my neighbor's door down.
I love sleeping to the sound of rain :)
"Although the last survivor may proclaim himself universal Emperor, his reign will be brief and his subjects will all be corpses."
Addition to 2013 Football Recruiting Board! West Mesquite RB, Raashaan Reason. High on UTSA and has speed to burn!
“: Every hour, 9 out of 10 American children eat at McDonald’s restaurant.” disgusting...
Either is me or your halitosis, one of us has to go
i DVR'd it!! was it good?!
Our new #TGIF promo starts NOW! Stop by the store to buy 3 meals and get a promo meal #free. You only have til 6, so c'mon down!
The Luxardo cherry liqueur is closer to Cherry Heering. Very different from the Maraschino.
I wish I knew the price already, but they're not on sale till Friday
Hitting the studio tomorrow -- VERY EXCITED!
needa fresh start...
I wonder what kind of difference social media would have made on this day 10 years ago. We will Never Forget. RIP Mary Lou Hague
What up u two?
We could all learn something
I love when fellow libras post stuff like this, makes us look all deep and shit <U+2764>
Where is a good place for a first date.
so not only are & are at #DWTS but is too!!!
RT #YouKnowICareWhen I reply to any of the following... K Lol Lmao Cool Iight Alright Haha Ok Yea Oh : )
The gold room, echo park
I love being Hatian .
Aw. It stopped trending! :( Keep trying! #WeCanDoIt Thank You Joan <U+2665>
Good Luck to all! Hopefully with our free picks you guys win some big money!
Bosker says cyberbulling isn't endemic to just teens. Adults act horribly online, too
Some drizzle outside ... Not too bad yet.
Probably not, but is really close to learning how to use a bike pump.
you got movie watching plans this weekend, playboy??! If I could suggest , excited for #phillykid homes!!
love you mamma grande <3 sometimes i feel like your our mother too :]
and can be gauge of potential, generates buzz, etc.
alright alright alright alllrrriiiggghhhtttt!!!!!!
how u been
ann frank
I hope you win King of the Web!!!!!!! Your videos are amazing you totally deserve to win!
Shoot me down, but I won't fall. I am titanium. <3
Andre Miller's hair
Israel security boss &#39;meets EU brass over Iran talks&#39;
I have a few dictionaries, two ency from 2005! and moved worthy titles to nonfiction, no regrets
FUCK THE REPUBLICAN RESPONSE!!
sqaure play is the Red Sox...I just hate the Tigers
RT : "You're desktop site is full of crap." - If you don't need it in mobile, you don't need it.
It might be something in the air, but I can't stop laughing about the stop "Ruggles"
I live here on campus and have NEVER had a problem with safety. WSUPD is amazing!
'Abdu'l-Bahá is at the sanatorium of Dr. Charles Swingle. He’s speaking to forty people. Supper tonight is a buffet.
Cool! When will it be live?
Joke of the day "We had that earth quake cause Rick Ross & Percious was playing double dutch !!!!" LMAO!
I like the new name!
Its 8:55am MST... and I'm on vacation... I guess ill have a mimosa.
sorry that was meant to be like we saw him but ya... Ok cool
From #PlatonicGirlfriend : "JOSS WHEDON SHOULD DIRECT EVERYTHING." I fully agree.
At a scouting event for little munchkins. I love the kiddos. They say whatever is on their mind with 0 editing. Love it!
Man forget the Clippers its all about the Lakers.
Oh, how exciting was it to see Audrey from Mocket win an Oscar last night.
heh, Claire is reading that now, she says "girls who think these are hot just haven't had fun sex yet"
Hope all the teachers here for Educators' Night are having a good time!
Rain this morning but we will see the sun later today! Happy Monday Everyone!
I cannot believe how early it is
no worries, I'll always have something up in the store
youre done?? Congrats!
what size are your feet still thinking about those shoes
Amish blocking 108 into Slippery Rock with a Dodge Ram. Totally serious.
Heading to WI State Fair soon. Need to pick out what foods on a stick I will eat today... and New Berlin Lions Club Corn on the Cob.
Sense of humor, hold an interesting conversation
Aye room mate, where you been?!
oh sorry my phone died, i know me not responding probably ruined your whole day, but its ok, ill be in art with you tomorrow!
not here
Woo-hoo! Joplin Little League at the World Series. Go Cards!!!
"A husband and a wife got a new computer, the husband puts "my penis as the password. Wife starts laughing because it says "error too short"
indeed :) have a good night m'lady.
how much of a factor do you think the New Years weekend played into this poll?
is sitting in on the roundtable disucssion: "Engaging Your Professionals in the World of Social Media"
Sister time
oh my!
On Monday evening, will have the opportunity to hear from at a private event held at
I luv to requote tweets. Its says everything I never thought to say. If u don't like my requotes. That's cool too. O well its my twitter
New suet bird feeders available later this week! Made from reclaimed forest wood by US Veterans! More to follow.
Tip: Choosing a new hair color? Your skin tone and eye color should be your first clue, but don't forget to figure in your personality!
Stop by Jade Monkey for our Happy Hour going till 7PM. We have $2 rail drinks and $1 off all pints
Bleh why do things have to be sold out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
All the fine girls you see who have good seats or sitting court side in an NBA game shes fucking someone on the court
The follies of your weekend hang like smoke onto your clothes.
Did "A Serious Man" get anything? At least the Dude abides...
I'm happy to report that we got through the tornado unscathed, though a talking scarecrow is insisting I go see a wizard about something.
Full on crab legs, red drinks, and pink cookies.
I can almost bank on the fact that no nigga can fuck like mine do, can eat my golden flower like him and yet leaves me wanting more!!! :-)
Good morning to you! Enjoy your epic day ahead! (RE: Lines - Ever use 's app 'Rehearsal'? Very handy.)
Installation went very well. hope to see everyone Friday night.
My prayers go out to all those effected by the earthquake
yay-so I'm not alone.....
BREAKING NEWS: every coffee shop in town is closed today, as baristas flock to sell their arts an crafts at Crafty Wonderland.
Check this blog out, very inspirational about a 16 yr. old w/terminal cancer. She's making her bucket list happen!...
that the digital releases get ignored. Its a sort of catch22.
helmet were hitting my hand and should pads were to -___- but it is huge tho
Set building and Painting!
I went to today; lots of awesome stuff that made me want to redo an entire apartment. The picnic/dining table to start with.
New 'World of Warcraft' Mega Bloks Bring the MMO to Bricky Life - ComicsAlliance
Having a great time with all my educational pals a #ytechday !!! Go Google or Go Home!
Greek dinner. Lots of hummus. Very garlicky... #feelsbad for person at the treadmill next to me:)
GOOD THING I DO HAVE A BLACKBERRY! EVERYTHING IS WORKING FINE!!!!!!!!!
This seems as good a time as any to apologize to all quoted or (mis)quoted in my attempt at Twitter reporting.
best of luck to you. you should probably just get on a flight today to be safe.
is doing his thing. Now you know why I enjoy my job!
Crean wants to keep home/home because of huge advantage for #IUBB in Assembly Hall. Calipari would love to show off #UK for Indy recruits
Very proud to be a member of today. An unbeatable combination of knowledge and compassion!
GOT THAT RIGHT! Comes in handy during admin and parent meetings too!
Hello everyone
Red carpet premier of Battleship here at LA Live tonight...lol didn't even know lol WATSUP !!
Big thanks to for the #wednesdaywinners and #traveltweeps mentions! Much appreciated! Best twitter pal to #follow!
Skipping is fun
u havent tweeted much lately u must b working on some great projects! Btw u looked very pretty in the pic w/ the red dress :)
Bullocks. But if it by client's request, then I understand.
and tell Diana she's beautiful and she's ma gf! Tell my boyfriend I love him & the lakers are winning<3(':
Also, is that sick?
on my way to the doctors not feeling well
Just got tickets to game 7 baby!
You were saying....
How many mattress brands do we carry? Who knows? And names . . . ?
Why is rain trying to mess up my flow?!
Damn how mad was your dad? What happened to Raul? :O
I live in a world where everyone believe in freedom; but almost everyone thinks its okay when other people's freedom is taken away wrongly.
I cannot wait!
I used to ride the bench, but it was written in cursive for this king to exist
GET YOUR HAIR GROWTH MIRACLE IN A BOTTLE!!!!!!!!! 1-586-935-2461
Starting my never ending day. Wish me luck <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080>
Songs with sirens in them should not be allowed on the car radio as they trick me when i'm driving.
kinda like the enchanted swifites? Have you heard of them?
ill be friends with anybody, just be funny and well be bestfriends
<U+2640>Never think that words are enough....Actions always speak louder<U+2640>
love every bit of it
So glad this night is over and I can go home and cuddle with my fav toddler. I'm exhausted. We not doing anything today.
I just want it to be lunch so I can eat my amazing hot pockets.
Hey Neil, good meeting you at GDC!
He better win it all!
The fact that Romney can't remember HairGate is chilling all on its own. Everyone else involved remembers it *damn clearly.*
sleep is for the weak!
so demanding.
yea hi
One day, I hope to study at the
I dont wanna imagine how crappy high school would be after us SÉNIORS 2012
We need Beno and Jennings in at the same time to get better transition play.
they replaced a guitarist back in 2007. Working on new album now. Check all of their stuff- top notch!
Start with what you have.
Happy Hump Day! Have a great Wednesday!!!
90's Nick <3 Till I Pass Out.... Much Needed Sleep Tonight... N Def Sleeping In. <3
love HAITI/AYITI
THE BILL IS UP ON TOP OF CAPITOL HILL... IF U DON'T KNOW NOW U KNOW... NICCAS
Is it wrong to laugh at something horrible? Even though you can't help it. Seems so cartoonish it's hilarious
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 55
That means you will execute the prescribed number of reps with such weight that you cannot do another rep in good form
Me and miss you ):
I'll ride the wave where it takes me...
I had nothing to do with you losing it
In town to watch the #Saints defeat the Giants? Swing by Vitascope Hall for a drink and one of their famous burgers!
Agreed, it's ok to get it and not want to start a whole Tumblr around it. LOL
things that make you go hm? Hahaha
My Dad Always Thinkk He Right . -,-. Stfu . Dont Argue w/ Me , You'll NEVER WIN !
I was working on a group project there last week and a group member got locked in upstairs when they closed the library...
The happiest people dont necessarily have the best of everything but they make the most of everything. #stay grindin
What happened to Bosh?
salty i gotta cut the grass smh
I doubt dat
